D-Lillard-0::i dont care about the L vs OKC im just happy Lillard showed he is overall a better player than westbrook
the.nizz::Ur a complete Dumb.f.uck...if you look at the stats u will see that westbrook had more points and assists and the same amount of boards...wow
ThunderHornz::Silly goose.
ThunderHornz::Spurs fans talking trash here? Didn't Portland humiliate them recently? And didn't they make fun of us for a loss to Houston? Why aren't they here making fun of themselves for a loss to Houston? Didn't they say the Blazers would stomp us after their loss to Portland? Why aren't they here congratulating us on our win? Hmmmmm. I just love old quotes!   &nbsp;spursdcmdva - Portland got this  UTRassassin - OKC will lose&nbsp; lilard will go for 60
I worship TV::People hate Durant for celebrating with a fan because another person did it as well. Morons
ThunderHornz::Right. The guy that made the shot ASKED Durant to come out and Durant honored that request- just a nice guy.
vicmo25 - vol. 8::did you all see Kevin "I wanna be like Lebron" Durant tackle that guy who hit that half court shot................what a d!ck rider
Jack3535353535::Of course ESPN leaves the part out of the video where the fan is motioning Durant to come over.  ESPN has to make it seem like everyone wants to be LeBron
Jack3535353535::Hey LeBron d!ck rider, thank god KD does not model himself after LeBron.  The fan asked KD to come over, so he did.  LeBron, on the other hand, had to steal the spotlight from the Miami fan because he is an arrogant sellout.
Broncosallday_von::The title made it seem like they won by 40.
Snorkel Whacker::15-0 run to close the game..  Headline: appropriate.
dash2k4::That fan tackle was awkward as hell.
Snorkel Whacker::Perhaps you could give them some pointers from a position of experience?
ESPN is a J0ke::Here are 3 teams the Thunder cant beat in the West in 7 games. Spurs - Deep bench, better coach, experience, better ball movement over the Thunder. Grizzlies - Strong inside presence, better defensive team, Beat you on the boards, Deeper bench. Nuggets - Quicker team, better ball movement, Deeper bench, Altitude, Better 3 point shooters, cant stop them in the full court.  And if miraculously by the grace of God, they do win. They def wont beat the Heat, Thats a fact!
jembree44::You forgot to mention the Thunder have eliminated all 3 teams in the playoffs over the last 3 years. The Grizz are the only team that took the Thunder to 7 games ! ! !  It was a hell of a series I must admit ! ! !
jeffg07::Felt like I read something similar last year
Snorkel Whacker::How precious.
E L FUDGE::FUUCCCKKKK the Spurs!!!!! IJS!
Mambaholic 33::KFTD with only 2 f/t's, what happen was the gm self officiated? the sky is falling
ThunderHornz::And, the important point you missed, OKC did not NEED more FTs to win!
skyboy986::OKC haters.. Smh. Mostly Spurs fans.. Most OKC fans like myself respect your organization and our GM Sam Presti learned a lot from the Spurs. But y'all think your all that. Smh
skyboy986::I did it twice you goon.
pdiddy0622::I hope u get a kink in ur neck from all dat shaking smh once
LilVdog88::Portland needs a bench Bad! Only 7 players have major minutes thats not good,
bostonhater200::I know, only Meynerd is good, and we had to trade for him from OKC.
herbalremedy1::suck on that b
pdiddy0622::Sad showing by tb
KDisNotNice35::If the board stay under 1000 comments, it's because the Thunder won.
BIGDADDYTHEWIGLADDY::<b>Thunder are a joke. Have fun getting swept by the Spurs in the playoffs losers</b>
jembree44::Yea just like last year MORON ! ! !
John 3663::Not a fan of either team but I'm pretty sure the spurs lost to the rockets tonight, so nows not a good time to be talking...
luckyzac00::no harden, no W, spurs to beat heat in finals.
RDavison82::probably told yourself that last season and look how that ended
Boomtown405::Someone is mad about their loss
Jacks_Link::Yeah.....
Kobelies247::The blazers i know and love showed up tonight :)
kdoggizzle::Roymullins!
Kobelies247::huh?
Jumeax::In the Second Half!
kab747::I bet Hollinger will still put OKC at the top in the power rankings!
ShatsAndGaggles::Power rankings are like DBZ power levels; Both are total BULL$HIT.
KDisNotNice35::When did Hollinger start doing power rankings?  I thought it was Stein........idiot.
FloridaGatorsForever::They both have their own set of power rankings.
Snorkel Whacker::it's an algorithm, ya $@%!.
Jumeax::It Does Add up...   that's all it does!
Kobelies247::Wow thats a pretty big word for you huh?  Somehow tho, it just doesnt add up :)  hehe
Kobelies247::lol the team that wins 26 in a row will be on top..
Jacks_Link::Power ranking are dumb.
Dadsterbug::Too many games....5 in 7 nights.  And every opponent got a day of rest before.  Just ran out of legs in the 2nd half.   We had a screwy schedule last year too....no home stand was longer than 3 games.  Oh well....maybe Paul Allen will open his wallet a little for some decent bench players.   This years' roster of 15 included 8 players that were either rookies or 1 year bench warmers.  Not much hope for success.   I predicted 35-37 wins...&amp; we just may surpass that.  Hope so!   Go Blazers.
amtrack5::every team has stretches like that in their schedule
Ill-Blaze::honestly though we had a couple players emerge this year so it wasn't really for nothing but at this point I'd like to see freeland get some more time on the court I like his defensive upside
GrapeOKAllDay35::"Oh well...at least Harden is on the Thunder anymore"  ----Spurs fans
TFUID 14::<b>I am officially a bandwagon Florida Gulf Coast fan, everybody.</b>
huskers-PVAMU::Me too.
GrapeOKAllDay35::"NOT AGAIN"  ---Spurs fans
sportsfan0315::San Antonio lost, Thunder $@%!$@% up
amtrack5::yesssss!  Time to make a run at the top seed
Jacks_Link::HELL YEAH!!!! THUNDER UP!
ShadowH2::Aldridge 3-14 with only 10 points, really...
Jacks_Link::THANK YOU HOUSTON!!!!
joest2003::Good win OKC
TFUID 14::I don't think Lamb should be getting minutes. He's got upside and can hit the threes, but that doesn't deserve regular playing time. The D-League is where he's suited right now.   Although, Fisher should NOT have minutes. I'd like to see Brewer or Liggins instead.
john bryan4150::What's with Batum? All that dough and nothing much to show for it. Can his defense alone be worth the money? Hopefully we'll build in the off season for a better team. Good start with Lillard.
joest2003::I agree if hes just gonna be sitting on the bench in street clothes he mind as well b in the d League
Ill-Blaze::co mvp went to a second year player bro forgot his name off the top of the head
Ill-Blaze::joest2003 - Shelby, But Lamb was the best untill Lillard finally started going off, what i saying OKC got talent going to waste n its a shame  true but you guys are really deep @ the wings anywayz might as well as give him time in the d leagues
joest2003::Shelby, But Lamb was the best untill Lillard finally started going off, what i saying OKC got talent going to waste n its a shame
joest2003::Lamb was on top of the voting untill Lillard Tied him for the Co MVP the last day
Ill-Blaze::same as one great game does lol
Ill-Blaze::joest2003 - Lamb was MVP of summer league which was ALOT more than 1 game. ummm your mistaken lillard had the mvp I'll even throw the link up rofl because thats when all the talk about being a possible rookie of the year candidate hype around lillard started
joest2003::Lamb was MVP of summer league which was ALOT more than 1 game.
joest2003::WTF does 1 game against Under Armour have to do with weeks at the NBA summer League??
Ill-Blaze::lillard was more consistant and would you take will barton cause he put up 72 points in the off season against the under armour team?
joest2003::Lamb outplayed Lillard in the Summer Legaue so does Lillard belong in D league too? Sop talking about things you know nothing about
amtrack5::I'm still trippin off of 10/17 on jumpshots.  Jesus
TFUID 14::THUNDERTHEFUCKUP! Great win.
morrismlxb::What happened to Aldridge? He used to be a beast
Ill-Blaze::he's gassed all our starters have started to look gassed latley they all average in the top 6 or 7 in minutes per
BillWaltonsHair::gassed
Jeffy5168::Jeremy Lamb need to get fking minutes brooks. He was not even dressed to play today wth?
Jacks_Link::Nick Collison is the definition of team player. Love it.
sportsfan0315::Reggie Jackson can be so much more of a factor scoring if he was more aggressive driving to the paint. I dont know why he does not do it more often
airemark::Finding his way
stgoat::We gotta move the ball like this consistently. GG, Portland.
amtrack5::no way it happens.  We fade in and out of a zone like this.  First time I saw it was during the Spurs series last season...i was like wow
GrapeOKAllDay35::Nice tidy 20 point victory
BMITCH333::Westbrook once again showing Damian Lillard how its done.  I like Lillard, but I will take RussWest.
skyboy986::I agree with amtrack5. Russ is my favorite player because he can do multiple things but he could be at least 2nd in assists every year with KD
gerizzyYMcrew::Westbrook is a WAY better defender, scorer, and rebounder.
BMITCH333::He had 9 assists tonight and is averaging 8 for the season.  you want 10 assists.  He gives you 8, but makes for for it in scoring, rebounding, and steals.  He's not perfect, but he is darn good.
Ill-Blaze::I got lillard surpassing westbrook when he's in his prime but westbrooks good for a second option
amtrack5::Russ isn't really a PG though.  He should avg 10+ assists with KD and Ibaka on his team.  I mean cmon.
RainingDimes::Lillard is a better PG. Westbrick is a better SG.
BMITCH333::Lillard is a better shooter, but Westbrrok's ability to penetrate makes plays for others is why I would take him as a PG over Lillrd.  But Lillard better shooter.  Both are terrific.  They will battle for years to come.  S/b fun to watch.
Ill-Blaze::Koballhog - NOT EVEN CLOSE.  lillards still a rookie rofl and tonight there output was closer then you think plus lillard right now is almost as good @ getting to the rim as westbrook and already has a better jumper then westbrook does by miles
Koballhog::NOT EVEN CLOSE.
BMITCH333::damn right.  And he is never, ever injured.  IRONMAN!!
amtrack5::Russ is blessed with athleticism
BillWaltonsHair::LOTTERYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ill-Blaze::right at this point oladipo doubt well get him but gr3 looks good too or cj mccullum
sportsfan0315::Hopefully KD has got his groove back
RainingDimes::Why Westbrick is not a championship point gaurd ----&gt; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVitzGz9g2s
BMITCH333::THANK YOU.  suck it Westbrook haters!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
TFUID 14::24-5-8 is a championship PG line.
johnnybasketball693r::okc should trade westbrick next year kevin love then then replace martin with lamb and putt jackson at the point
TFUID 14::This is the Kevin Durant I'm used to seeing. It's been a while since he shot like this.
amtrack5::less passing, more shooting = Success
joest2003::OKC fans take 45 seconds out of your night and watch this video it will make you start to wonder  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnHvLj3gEmg
Ill-Blaze::who cares about huge dunkers they usually end up with shorter careers and knee problems
joest2003::dunking is not what hes known for at all hes a straight up shooter
Maniacpkt::when okc doesn't resign martin, guess who will get those minutes?
Jacks_Link::Who has a better fade away? KD or Dirk?
TFUID 14::KD right now, but Dirk was incredible during that title run. I think KDs taken a lot from him.
amtrack5::Dirk used to have the best, but KD took good notes
BillWaltonsHair::blazers fading away hard
airemark::KD now
RainingDimes::^^ Are you that stupid Jack?
Jeffy5168::KD
89ryan74017::OKC saw a fan hit a shot and thought hmm...maybe it is possible! Thunder Up!
AndrewIan62::Like this to get me a car
BillWaltonsHair::flagged it.
Jacks_Link::Hell nah.
TFUID 14::KD is Baaaaaaaaack.
amtrack5::he stopped trying to be magic johnson thank god
joest2003::Im sorry but Kevin Martin will never be able to do this, Stop wasting talent Brooks  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnHvLj3gEmg
sportsfan0315::Jeremy Lamb does not need any minutes, not this year anyway. He is pretty much Kevin Martin without the experience
joest2003::So OKC should have a second year player with no NBA expierence? Ya good idea
Maniacpkt::what team do you work for?
TFUID 14::True, but who would you have getting minutes? Lamb or Fisher?
stgoat::We're playing lights out this half, literally doing nothing wrong.
amtrack5::10/17 say what?
BaySports 1.1::Can't play 5 games in 7 nights with no bench to help these guys rest.  Really showing now.  Get on that in the offseason Olshey.
Ill-Blaze::right deepen our bench in the off season and we become a top 5 seed easily
