1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Now don't get me wrong, I like Brandon bass but Jeff green had the same amount of minutes and produced way more than he did. Why don't we start him, that's our best starting line-up to me #BOSTON ALL DAY #JEFF GREEN 4 STARTER
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Damn we be missin hella 3 pointers, I remember when pierce could drill em
dichdastardly::I'm going on thursday
NewEnglandSportsFan36::Had a great time at the game last night, Go C's
paulleena64::Pierce wtih 7 TO.  Needs to protect the ball much better.
dichdastardly::Haaahaaahaa... we wish
_I Am A Celtic_::Fab Melo last night - 35 minutes, 15 points, 13 rebounds, 5 blocks
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::The more PT the better
a617guy::Where's that piece of $h!t JunoNCAL? Show up
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Yeah that guy is annoying and confusing
Jimmy30313::Cant figure out why that guy hates the C's so much. Oh well just another troll
_I Am A Celtic_::Jealously to go along with his mental dementia
Jimmy30313::At least he's honest. No doubt Xui Lui is jealous also
_I Am A Celtic_::He's jealous.  Even said it himself
dichdastardly::The Celtics are now 13 and 4 without Rondo..... and it keeps getting better
nhraven52::lol
Jimmy30313::Whats funny?
dichdastardly::Other teams are SO wimpy... freaking Harrison Barnes behaved as if he s superstar last nite...  he whined on every drive he made to the hoop... Stern grooms these guys to be wimps
dichdastardly::Syrindge Doc should have pulled Bradley when the warriors took curry out in the first. Bradley did wreak havoc still but it gave curry a chance to match up with Boston's bench. Bradley got jobbed by the refs on 3 of his 5 fouls. Why doesn't Pierce get calls like Curry; he's earned it 10X over! ============================= Why don't any of the Celtics get calls like other teams
dichdastardly::If you sneeze on Curry his lil wimpy wuss goes to the line... PATHETIC
DickyTurdpusherRedSoxFan::Boston's Rainbow Nation absolutely LOVE the Celtics.
oblique15::huh  what  huh
dichdastardly::OK
Knicks4Life244::Never hitting 11-13 3's again in your career....fluke performance
Jimmy30313::yeah yeah no one cares about the knicks
_I Am A Celtic_:::)
Jimmy30313::C's!
Jimmy30313::haha all good man. We looked pretty good last night
_I Am A Celtic_::<b></b>
nhraven52::The Warriors are awful.Why do teams lay down in Boston?? Is it the cold weather?
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Or we're just too good
dichdastardly::when we whup ahzzz... the other team just isn't playing good
CelticPatriot17::lool
Jimmy30313::Same story every time the C's win - "(insert team) is awful"
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::That's koo, I hate Evan turner too he's like a bad itch every time we play them
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Got Philly next, gonna be a crazy one. Is Bynum still out?
Jimmy30313::Could be out for the season I hear
onlyavoice57::A Lot Of WWE/Celtic Fans. Sorry Celts Fans But You Can't Script Your Team Into a Championship.
Jimmy30313::WWE/Celtics? We dont need no script. This franchise has 17 titles, it's only a matter of time before this perennially successful team gets another title
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Yup yup, I knew it. Good win at home. The warriors couldn't handle the truth!!
Jimmy30313::The Truth is playing out of his skin lately. And with a bad neck!
The3rdComing.::The Captain is leading us
Syrindge::Doc should have pulled Bradley when the warriors took curry out in the first. Bradley did wreak havoc still but it gave curry a chance to match up with Boston's  bench. Bradley got jobbed by the refs on 3 of his 5 fouls. Why doesn't Pierce get calls like Curry; he's earned it 10X  over!
Jimmy30313::It's a joke. Bradley gets called for a foul so much for nothing but pressuring the ball
tmzdisnespn::What a joke effort from GS. Getting out coached by the idiot Rivers takes some real slacking. Joke teams both going nowhere.
onlyavoice57::Best Coach When He Has Elite Players. Losing &amp; Getting Fired When He Doesn't. Hasn't Made Any Difference The Last Few Years. Pop Is The Best Coach By Far.
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Nice, that was a good one
Jimmy30313::Pop has had Duncan his whole career. Bit of a contradiction there buddy
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::For real tho, without doc who knows how our team would be, NO one could pull a bunch of veterans, put them with a bunch of youngsters and have them play well together. You know if he was available you would want him on your team!!!
Jimmy30313::Yeah Doc Rivers arguably the best coach in the league. Do your homework hater.
Syrindge::Someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed. The day will get better little poopy pants.
Dwayne_Johnson23::<b>C's!!</b>
GodofAcid::I'm here to troll Golden State fans!  ...I got nothin. Umm, carry on.
Jimmy30313::Always fun to beat a West coast finesse team
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::For real and as long as rondo stays in Boston that's what he's gonna be a starter. Crawford may start at the 2 but rondo is always going to be our STAR PG
onlyavoice57::LMAO, Rondo Is A Goner. Ainge Was Going To Trade Him But He Got Injured. Expect Crawford To Be The Starter &amp; Rondos Replacement.
Jimmy30313::He was never going to trade Rondo you troll. Where do you get your info genius?
Jimmy30313::Definitely, should start in place of Bass
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Don't forget Jeff green, a lot of people don't give him the credit he deserves. He's a beast and he should be a starter.
tmzdisnespn::You are a clown and your old team is going nowhere. Have fun with no KG and Mrs. Pierce soon. Who do you losers have in wait? AB? Enough with the hype on that kid huh? He had 5 fouls in the third and then the crooked refs bailed due to Doc's affirmative action clause. Must have Doc in the league to meet the quota. C's and their fans are human waste.
Jimmy30313::haha your feeble brain fails to realise that when PP and KG retire we will have millions in cap room and will be able to sign whoever we want. It will be easy to build around Rondo, and AB is a future star along with Sully
abdiraxman79::im glad the c's locked up t-will, i think he has a chance to pretty an effective rotation player if he truly commits mentally to the role the c's need him to play.
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Yeeee!!! That's what's up. I got a good feeling about him too. I just hope he's loyal.
mouthyfromsouthie::Ya, I don't know much about him to be honest but when Doc Rivers praises someone like that, he isn't trying to be Mr. Nice Guy, he means it. And Heinsohn agreed also. The fact that signed him for the remainder of the season tells me they believe what they say.
mouthyfromsouthie::Oh a 2 year deal? I thought it was just a one.
Rainmakermannnnnn::Time to FIRE MARK JACKSON
Rainmakermannnnnn::Don't jinx it, they ARE NOT in the playoffs, at least not the way they're playing right now
Rainmakermannnnnn::I would take Don Nelson back at this point (again), who was the last one to answer my first 2 questions above
Rainmakermannnnnn::Which past Warriors coaches lately had 2 (yes Curry should be one) all-stars and had a winning record prior to the all-star break?  Jackson did fine the first few weeks of the season, but the Warriors have some of the most loyal, dedicated fans in the NBA who are so hungry to see a winning team, and the Warriors are in a free-fall
sksnowboardtime::this is the first year that they're making the playoffs together. it's pretty unfair to call for his head when it's only his 2nd year of coaching. and really, he took that team to another level as a coach, a young one at that (which is extremely hard to do).
sksnowboardtime::which past coaches did a better job than mark jackson? heck even nelson didn't do well aside from that one year when they upset dallas.
abdiraxman79::too bad mark jackson left the commentators chair, mike breen and van gundy really miss him, "you know the rules, hand down man down"!!! he's was great...
Rainmakermannnnnn::Jackson belongs there, man, i really don't like him as the warriors coach, he's losing his team fast, he was WAY too emotional to be back in New York (you can see his awe struck look on his face all game) and just watched as Curry carried the team.
sksnowboardtime::i for one am glad that he took the coaching job. no one really took him seriously and he's showing his flashes of brilliance as a coach. he really turned that team around.
Jimmy30313::"Momma there goes that man!!" Classic
fairandbalanced00::Whatever happened to that avery bradley scrub? The supposed DWade stopper??
onlyavoice57::Same Those Exact Same Excuses For This Season.
Jimmy30313::What excuses?
mouthyfromsouthie::I'm telling you the truth. We are not ignorant basketball fans here in Boston; we have seen our fair share of good ball players. This kid is like nothing I've seen in quite a while on the defensive side of the ball. In two years, he will be able to stop anybody at his position more often than not, that includes D Wade.
tmzdisnespn::What a fool
the_tyler_hans::Let's be real here. Avery Bradley's ceiling is at Tony Allen's level. Great defensive player, below average offense.
Jimmy30313::He's still developing
mouthyfromsouthie::What are you talking about? Did you watch tonight's game? There is no doubt in my mind that Avery Bradley is one of the 2 or 3 best defensive "small" guys in the NBA &amp; will be the very best in a year or two. If he was healthy last year, there is no question the Celtics would have won. Miami owes it's title to his injury.
fairandbalanced00::C'mon man!
Jimmy30313::He's absence was the very reason that North Cuba beat the C's last year
Jimmy30313::The C's also had Pierce and Allen playing injured so there goes that idea
Mihn.Gators::That's not what our team showed the last 2 games.
Jimmy30313::Yes, however Bradley was more important to the C's IMO. The Heat can cope without Bosh, as long as they have Lebron they are at their best
mouthyfromsouthie::You beat me to it Jimmy!
Mihn.Gators::Chris Bosh was also gone majority of the series.
Jimmy30313::Still is
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::He's getting his jumper down and yeah he blocked the S-H-I-T outta sheWade
abdiraxman79::listen, i respect lebron and he's arguably the best player in the game, but people are talking about the heat, like they are jordan's bulls, im sorry no one fears or respects lebron or the heat like they did jordan or his bulls team in their prime, lebron finally had a complete playoff series run, and won a title he deserves all the credit in the world but this miami heat team isn't going to be a dynasty, and that's why i believe they are going down this year.
onlyavoice57::If No One Fears The Heat, Why Do The Losing Celtics Keep Trying To Build A Team To Beat Them.
Jimmy30313::We try to build a team to win a title, not beat the heat, we could care less about the heat
Syrindge::Lebron is the best player in the game; end of story. It's really not close.
Rainmakermannnnnn::WHY ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT LEBRON AND THE HEAT ON THIS THREAD?  DID THE HEAT PLAY IN THIS GAME???
Mihn.Gators::Arguably? LeBron IS the best player in the game. You're blind if you think otherwise. And the Heat is first in the race to winning a championship this year.
Jimmy30313::I agree, but lets not crown them just yet
Mihn.Gators::The month that is the most important come playoff time.
Jimmy30313::Its March....
fairandbalanced00::And who is taking them out this year Nostradamus??
the_tyler_hans::Pretty ironic of you to call others Nostradamus with sarcasm.
Jimmy30313::The one and only Boston Celtics
Jimmy30313::Bradley &gt; Curry
Jimmy30313::No, Bradley is a better defender than Curry. And will beat him 1 on 1 every time
Jimmy30313::Not a baseball fan...
tmzdisnespn::Jimmy the pink hat slurper
Jimmy30313::Sorry, mixed the names up. (edited)
Mihn.Gators::Curry is a horrible defender...
sumodude28::one night
sumodude28::as a Warriors season ticket holder I gotta say  WHAT IS WRONG WITH THE WARRIORS LATELY?  3-7 ?  wake up!!!
Jimmy30313::Just lost to a better team
Jimmy30313::Mihn.Gators - Celtics are a good team, just like how the Warriors are a good team. As a Heat fan, I'd be scared for my team to face the Celtics early in the playoffs. They still have the biggest potential to knock us off the stage.  Finally someone talking sense
Mihn.Gators::Celtics are a good team, just like how the Warriors are a good team. As a Heat fan, I'd be scared for my team to face the Celtics early in the playoffs. They still have the biggest potential to knock us off the stage.
sumodude28::come on, you cant be serious that you think the Celtics are a good team
Jimmy30313::And hence are not as good a team
sumodude28::I wouldn't say that..... just seems like Warriors are living by the 3 and lately dying by the 3
brown and gold broncos::young team, new team, whatever. it happens for a team like warriors late in the season. a lot of teams collapse and then make a run during the playoffs. don't lose hope.
brown and gold broncos::as i've said, that's how it is for many teams that's about to make it to the playoffs for the first time together.
sumodude28::I haven't.... but something seems really off with them.... and not just the losses....
xVillaCat::Never take out Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett out of the equation. While I'm in doubt, I'm still going to say, the Celtics can very well make big noises in the playoffs.
fairandbalanced00::Neither old pierce nor old garnett scare Miami, I tell you that.
Mihn.Gators::That's ridiculous. Of course the Heat is scared of the Celtics. Any team should be scared of them.
sksnowboardtime::that's not true and you know it.
Jimmy30313::It doesnt matter if they fear us. Im sure the 49ers weren't scared of the Ravens
abdiraxman79::actually took them 7 games to dispatch an injured pp34 and hobbled ray allen..basically it was kg and rondo vs wade and lebron, the c's got zero bench help.
brown and gold broncos::lol naaaaah.
paulleena64::Check out Courtney Lees twitter accounts and the photo of 2 pitbulls.  So precious.
fairandbalanced00::Tell me you are chick cause that is an awkward comment.
paulleena64::Nothing is awkward about that.  Pitbull 0 and Pitbull 11 brings on ball pressure and are able to disrupt scorers and take the team out of the planned offensive sets.
warriorsAREbad::Fact-- WARRIORS ARE BAD
sksnowboardtime::they're not bad, just young and inexperienced. this is the first time they're actually going to enter a playoff together. while they're not a conference finals-caliber team, they're still a good team.
fairandbalanced00::So celtic fans, you still think you could hang against the Heat as an 8th seed in a 7 game series?
fairandbalanced00::Every laker fan I've seen blames everyone but kobrick who is the most selfish player the NBA has known, and typical laker fans  blind themselves. ....TRUTH HURTS!! TAKE OFF THE BLINDFOLD!!
xVillaCat::brown and gold broncos, give us your insight please. Why do you think the Lakers are having a disappointing season? Is it the injuries? Kobe? Coaching staff?
brown and gold broncos::maybe if he wasn't such a douc.hebag, i'd have a different tone.
fran_box::Typical Lakers fan. Unclassy post at the end. It was very unnecessary.
brown and gold broncos::i know you're being sarcastic but at least you're not being a dou.chebag like fairandblanced00 so i'll just answer you.  it's the coach's fault. mike d'antoni can't make adjustments while injuries have been a major factor. kobe is still being kobe, thinking that he has to carry the team on his back, which at this point isn't really his fault at all. unfortunately, that has also been an issue at certain times during this season. d-12 is unmotivated and doesn't have that mentality that he needs for us to win. steve nash has been a bust. our defense is crap. does that answer your question?   fairandbalanced00 - He won't answer that question, I tell you that, he just doesn't get it.  st.fu idiot and go to hell.
fairandbalanced00::He won't answer that question, I tell you that, he just doesn't get it.
fairandbalanced00::You still haven't answer the question, so I guess I will consider you a typical blindfolded fan!!
brown and gold broncos::why should i answer you when you were being a total douc.hebag about it? i'll still consider you a typical idiot.
fairandbalanced00::Laker fan here?? Ok, are you still blaming everyone but kobrick for your most disappointing season ever??
brown and gold broncos::you're an idiot. i know it after the "most disappoint season ever" part.
zeller2395::celtics didnt have avery that whole series, or jeff green. And bosh came back in game 5 and we went into miami and won. so ya.
fairandbalanced00::Let's be realistic, you took Miami to 7games with no Bosh more than half that series,....once he came back Heat won 2 straight, bottom line is that you don't have all your guns and MIami has theirs.....that is why c'mon man!
San David 34::Regardless of the injuries, and I'm not going to use it as an excuse, the playoffs is a dog-race. Don't look down on the Celtics, ever.
fran_box::Hence the reason why it's Heat 2012 Champion*  Majority of the nation knew that the Celtics were the real winner during that series.
brown and gold broncos::as a lakers fan, celtics should've won that series. but the referees caused a debacle by giving a game away to the heat...   celtics should've won 4 straight and finish the series.
San David 34::Let's be realistic here. Last year's team didn't transition to this year's team.   Bottom-line is, our guns are still here and intact and they're ready for war.
San David 34::I disagree with sksnowboardtime. I think this team can hang with the Heat as a low seed. Regarding to Rondo's absence, that will be HUGE come playoff time since this team will be at their best with him on the court and in that aspect, Doc and the players have to make a huge adjustment. And I believe they can especially with the winning mentality that Paul, KG, and even JET has. I think this team has what it takes to surprise the nation and I'm not leaving them out of the equation until they prove me wrong.  Celtics 2013 GO CELTICS!
sksnowboardtime::fair enough. but honestly, this team isn't the same as the 2010 celtics. pp and kg is older, rondo is out... the youngins don't have much experience in the big stage. you really can't compare this year's team to 2010's team.
San David 34::fairandbalanced00 - C'mon man.  What do you mean "C'mon man"?  Which reminds me, I told some of fellow Celtics fans the same exact thing on 2009-2010 when they said the Celtics will make it to the Finals. And you know what happened instead? The Celtics showed me how narrow-minded I was and how I wasn't being a true Celtics fan. I'm not about to make that same mistake again until they lose right in front of my eyes.
Jdzspace::i hope you are right, and that is pretty much what i hope is going to happen.   i'll leave it at that
fairandbalanced00::C'mon man.
sksnowboardtime::going to answer with a realistic approach: no. rondo is the main man during the playoffs and he's out. sully could've done great things for us but he's also out. honestly, as much as i want to be optimistic, i don't think we're gonna go far. but i have hope for this team and i know pp and kg have something in their mind.
Jdzspace::with no Rondo, or Sully, and 3 players from China who haven't played and Crawford and williams barely having any chemistry?  what the F do you think?
jeff050578::Golden State hung in tough for a young team considering it was their 3rd game in 4 nights on this road trip. You could tell they didnt have their legs right..One more road game tomorrow night then the Warriors finish the season with 22 of 26 home games. Hopefully they can use that home stretch to get healthy, build upon their chemistry and rhythm, and maybe even improve their playoff seed.      Boston fans, dont forget the Dubs beat the Celts by 18 earlier this year @Golden State. Curry was 8-13fgs; 4-5 3's for 22pts,9 assists and 3 steals.Stop thinking you guys stopped Curry and just be thankful he has had a busy last few nights.
Jdzspace::that was before Avery came back....we DID stop Curry. that  isnt' even up for debate.   the C's are terrible on the road,and have not won in Oakland since 2005 so that is almost meaningless.   but Avery did DECIMATE Curry....deal with it
CrabtreeWasHeld::Curry is getting to superstar status where he has a terrible night and still scores 25....he's going to be one of the premier scorers in this league for a long time
Jdzspace::and Avery is going to be elevated to a very rare level of defender, that everyone fears .....he has that kind of potential  he is a pitbull
Jdzspace::so Curry scored 1 FG against Bradley all game...the other 5 were against other defenders. impressive
Jeremy Lin March 1 2013::6 for 22?  LOL!  :(
UJNN4::Just watched my Jazz kill the Bobcats (No surprise) And came to see that the Warriors lost AGAIN. ENJOY YOUR DROP OUT OF THE PLAYOFFS WARRIORS! (We took the Celtics to OT BTW)  I litterally saw this exact post just opposite on the Jazz vs Celtics game, Just proves the actual class of the Jazz fans, and the non class of Warriors fans, Its almost as bad as booing your owner during a jersey retirement announcement.
CrabtreeWasHeld::it doesn't matter...dubs finish 16 of 22 @ home...this skid was totally expected...early season success + easy finish to season will be exactly why dubs get into the playoffs
GodofAcid::Cs are definitely playing more inspired ball, and the young guys bring a new energy to this team.. but they're not going anywhere if they don't play good D all the way through.
STR8REBEL::The C's have a chance. It might not be great, but nobody woould be surprised if Boston made it to the ECF's again. Coaching and execution is huge come playoff time.
GodofAcid::I'm very encouraged about the way the young guys are playing. Just not real high on the chances of this team making a deep playoff run. I don't think that's so much cynical as it is realistic.. I think their next chance to make some noise isn't that far off, but it's not here yet. Veterans are too old, young guys are too young. Give them 2 or 3 years.
STR8REBEL::The D has been good. Green, Lee, and Bradley have been consistent, which has take some of the scoring load off of Pierce and KG. The ball is not sticking to one side of the floor as much. The ball is always moving, which makes the defense have to guard everybody.
STR8REBEL::As good of a shooter Curry and Thompson are, neither one of them plays D.
STR8REBEL::Solid win tonight. The primary reason the C's have played better since Rondo's injury is the players had no choice. The excuses were starting to run out. The C's have too much talent and experience to play the way they were playing prior to Rondo's injury. Now, you see everybody playing with a sense of urgency.
ynot1825::Rondo has delivered some insane dimes the last few years...I say don't give up on him....The C's were just god awful before he got injured....the whole team deserves blame for their play...
Celtics are too good::The C's sucked because Jason Terry and Jeff Green and Bass were terriblely inconsistent and struggling ....can't forget about the Bradley injury
ynot1825::that too.
YogaBeer::Just when you think the Cs are so old they can't win anymore, they pull off another one of these stunners.   WTG Boston!  *question;  If push ups, with their new ad campaign for "baby's first flush" is such a hit, shouldn't depends have a "I remembered to flush" campaign?
Celtics are too good::Celtics aren't old holy s***
_BleedingBoston::Well that does it for me. Paul Pierce is more valuable to this team than Rondo.  Good night, Celtics nation. Whether you love me or hate, we all bleed green ;)
Excuse__Me__Miss::Rondo more valuable than Pierce,but Good Night
_BleedingBoston::Excuse__Me__Miss What he was top in steals last year the C's defense was number 1  Haha come on man. Allen Iverson would be among the league leaders in steals and he was a poor defender. Steals does not show how good of a defender you are. It's more of the eye ball test. And whenever I see him go up against guys like Westbrook, Jennings, etc. ... they blow right by him
Excuse__Me__Miss::Well Rondo been doing the same gamble defense like Chris Paul over the years.
_BleedingBoston::He won that the same year the Celtics went to the Finals and went to 7 games against the Lakers. That was back when he used to try on defense.   Good night
Excuse__Me__Miss::He's never been a great on ball defender but still plays good enough Defender  to be on All NBA defensive team
_BleedingBoston::What's your point?
_BleedingBoston::It just seems like as time has gone on, Rondo has turned into more of a d-bag. The guys defense has declined since game 7 of the Finals. He has gotten suspended FOUR TIMES in the past two years. Before that, he had never gotten suspended, or even ejected, in his career. He just seems like he's full of himself now. His attitude even drove RAY ALLEN out of town. Ray Allen is a leaned-back guy. You'd have to really get to him to drive him out of town. So it's not just on the court things, it's off-the-court things as well.
Excuse__Me__Miss::Rondo has had the same personality and improved his play over the years I have know idea what your talking about.
_BleedingBoston::I don't see that in my eyes.
celticgreen2012::you think it was just Rondo? Ainge almost traded the guy. he felt disrespected by the whole organization.
anything izzzz possible::you don't know the real reason why ray left so just stop it and don't put all of the blame on rondo.
_BleedingBoston::I'm talking about the other reasons ABOUT Rondo
anything izzzz possible::what other reasons? the only reason you gave was rondo
_BleedingBoston::What about the other reasons I gave you.
ynot1825::The Celtics are a much better team with Rondo at Point. They're just playing better D now and that helps offense believe it or not...that simple.
Excuse__Me__Miss::The Defense is still not like our D from years pass.
ynot1825::No doubt..
Excuse__Me__Miss::Come playoff team we will need Rondo on the Road.
anything izzzz possible::exactly
celticgreen2012::Rondo was never a problem for this team but I think the problem has been integrating some of the new players like Lee Terry and Green with Rondo. They seem more effective when he is not trying to force assists to them. PG by committee is working better for those particular players. but I don't know if that carries over into the playoffs.
_BleedingBoston::We will miss Rondo in the playoffs. I can't deny that.
