Sub15__::<span>YO</span>
aaaa20::.
qwaqqerz::The Atlanta Hawks are like a box of chocolates, you never know what you're gonna get from game to game. That is, until the playoffs and then you KNOW what you're gonna get...Zero road wins (all blowouts) and an early exit.
ErnestoAA::The Hawks are unquestionably the most brutal team in basketball.
Reality_And_Truth::Poorly Coached at best.....Drew needs to go........
Ericwrightnum23::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
Gstoll1977::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
Gstoll1977::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
The Lakers are good at basketball::Toronto and Atlanta have to be the two weirdest teams in the league.
jyetter247::http://www.yetterisland.blogspot.com  Interesting stuff, pretty funny. 5 ways to improve baseball, why leBron is a loser, and more
Toronto Raps15::Hawks SUCK!!
yorklinks1::buy the lephone, only vibrates no ring haha LECHOKE see pic of the phone here http://bustasports.com/?page_id=169
RockyMountainWay1::Raptors are making the playoffs next year :)
raptor15dude::i think if they are able to draft a guy like MKG or Harrison Barnes then we'll have a great chance of makin the playoffs next year
winfield47::just gotta stay healthy. they should be at least as good as milwaukee/ philly/ ny if their roster (bargs/ calderon/ bayless) stays healthy for the yr, plus jonas and a high pick are coming in.
Raptorsfan080::WOHOOOO! RAPTORSSS WINNNNNN!
Raptorsfan080::playing spoiler is not a bad position. ATL not doing too good anyways
Tonymojo3::lol, still not makin the playoffs
sportsdude416905::Charlotte has something to say being the worst organization in the league.
DefenceRulez::And losing out on the high draft picks...  This is like the worst organization in the league with very slight chance of getting into playoff even at full strength, and not tanking enough...  Just fire everybody in the office this is total disaster...
darwinislord::Same old Hawks! A first round playoff spanking is looming.
brattboy99::Correct, we will spank another team in the first round for the fourth year in a row.
rhdyt::And then get crushed, so who cares?
Tonymojo3::alrite, someone please tell me, are the hawks still contenders after this? and is our record still good?
winfield47::they have a shot against boston, but not much more than that
rhdyt::The hawks were never contenders.
Charles74116::Atlanta must be a great place for Saturday Nights out on the town, followed by horrible hangover Sundays.  Oh, the life of a NBA player.
kb24allday53::Oh the life of an Nba player is just terrble.
kb24allday53::the hawks are tankin so that they can play pacers in first round
iownamicrowave::and lose.... terribly.
shedy-mac::Wow. Why didn't the Raptors play like this earlier in the season.
Augustus42::Can you fire a coaching staff for winning? Cause Id really love to fire Casey.
raptor15dude::for what? improving the defense from being dead last to 13th?
reggieinatl::The Raptors are on a little roll.  They beat the Celts recently too.  Nothing to worry about.
outlawjoseywhales1981::And only 5 rebounds per game.
outlawjoseywhales1981::DeRozen sucks. Somebody has to score. The dude only averages 3 rebounds and 2 assists a game. He scores some, but shoots a poor percentage.
outlawjoseywhales1981::Every team that has a team full of jobbers is "trying to build something". Most of the time they will fail and Toronto will fail just like they did before. If you;re going to rebuild and win you better do better than DRozen and Bargs. You ain't winning $@%! with those guys. Two guys that do little more than score. One of them at only a 41% shooting percentage.
winfield47::when Bargs was healthy, he was getting 24+ per game, dumb.as.s. DeRozan isn't the first option. at least the raptors are trying to build something instead of trying to be stuck in perpetual mediocrity
outlawjoseywhales1981::Not one of the starters Toronto threw out is a legit NBA starter. None one of them.
outlawjoseywhales1981::Amire Johnson sucks  DeRozan averages 16PPG on 41% shooting.  Consider me extremely impressed with that.
winfield47::have you not seen DeRozan? Up and coming SG? One of the league's top 30 scorers? Amir Johnson is pretty decent as well, but I think he's technically a good bench player. But yeah, the Raps 2 best players were missing and their backup pg (bayless, who's could start for a few teams) is out as well. they're sitting the rest of the season to try out some d-leaguers.
Canmon::DeRozen.
outlawjoseywhales1981::That was a D-league roster Toronto threw out there tonight.
raptor15dude::and blew out a playoff team
outlawjoseywhales1981::Fans like you are the dumbest people on earth.
biggerjetsfanthanu::Atl loses to the D-League Raptors and the geriatric Celtics when they had 3 days off and the Celtics beat the Heat the night before. 5 game exit tops for ATL in the 1st round.
Dribbird::Hawks don't worry, you are still a tough team.  But J Smoove...   HA
dbe100::how did this happen? the raptors benched damn near everybody
atlhawks27::i didnt like the way the hawks played but they will bounce back
Demonjoe93::Bobcats 100, Magic 84  LOL!
Double it up::Learn to tank Toronto
Doc Emmett L Brown::Seriously. They are ruining everything.
biggerjetsfanthanu::Tampa Bay sports franchises &gt; ATL sports franchises
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Jets just signed tebow to make Sanchez look halfway decent....excited??  Lol  Talk about a joke of a franchise.
aftern9ne::Not at this point in time, and not historically either.
biggerjetsfanthanu::Bucs have a SB. Matt Ryan can't win a playoff game. Fat Freeman &gt; Matty choke.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Cheyenne, Wyoming's sports franchises &gt; ATL's sports franchises.
Demonjoe93::Jets, lol.
Demonjoe93::Magic fans would know about getting blown out by a bad team, like Charlotte.
DefenceRulez::I wanna die looking at the Raps, stop winning this is stupid...
DefenceRulez::What a tragic win...
Demonjoe93::The last time the Tragic beat the Hawks in the regular season was November 8th, 2010.  LOL, Tragic
GregC317::making the pacers with the #3 seed lookin better. thanks atlanta
atlhawks27::sure but just remember that the hawks are the way better team
LP94PatsFan::The Hawks are pathetic, LOL
Masta_Da Stud Muffin::Ok gotta go..Thanks for the laughs Atlanta..LOL Getting blown out at home to the Raptors..AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Doc Emmett L Brown::Heading off to the old folks home to get a date?
Demonjoe93::More like to the local middle school.
JulioJonesBrother::Mommy's basement getting a bit stuffy?
atlhawks27::notthing worse getting blown out by 30
atlhawks27::good game raptors and  fans we will see you tommarrow
jaykel0621::Couldn't even win the 2nd half when you were already getting blown out.  2nd half ML was -800!!!!!!!!
outlawjoseywhales1981::So does the city of Atlanta.
jaykel0621::I wasn't at the game but for some reason I decided to lose a lot of money today thanks to you scrubs
aaaa20::.
aftern9ne::If you bet on the Hawks you're a moron.
Ozzie Castro::I hate the Hawks
Ozzie Castro::lol 1st Rd exit
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Ben Uzoh + Alan Anderson are better than Josh Smith and Joe Johnson. Fact!
Masta_Da Stud Muffin::Atlanta - Where choking happens.
outlawjoseywhales1981::Orlando has been to the finals. How many times has the Hawks $@%!$@ franchise been to the finals? Oh, the 1960's!
Doc Emmett L Brown::"We had Shaq once."  - Orlando
aftern9ne::It's a weird thing to do in bed but your mother asked politely.
Demonjoe93::Orlando - Where overrated teams go.
atlhawks27::orlando where overrated scrubs happens
Masta_Da Stud Muffin::Bringing up the Falcons as if they're some championship team..LOL..Where the rings at?
JulioJonesBrother::Exucse #103342364234  When I can't talk about the present, I bring up the past that has nothing possible to do with right now.
atlhawks27::the rings will come when your ugly face leaves
Demonjoe93::Well at least Atlanta has relavent teams unlike Tampa Bay/Orlando
Chris31708::Orlando Magic, 2 ECF appearances last 3 years. Atlanta Hawks, 0 in the NBA era.  You were saying?
atlhawks27::put tampa bay bucks on there
atlhawks27::bucs bucks who really cares bout that sorry team
Ozzie Castro::*Bucs
Dribbird::Just have to say  CELTICS &gt; HAWKS
atlhawks27::celtics fan trolling when they lost to the same team l0l
Dribbird::Really just doing this for J Smoove.  Other Hawks fans are ok
biggerjetsfanthanu::Braves suck, Hawks suck, Falcons sucks. Atlanta is a dirty scummy city. I guess Atlanta just flat out sucks.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Jet fan talking smack...LOL. Y'all just signed tebow. :-)
falconsfan0125::Tebow? lol
JulioJonesBrother::And you're a Jets fan..  So next time you think of the word "sucks," or "scum," or "joke," think no farther than your pathetic franchise.
Joesport::and yet you would take Matty Ice over them in a NY Minute......kinda hypocritical
biggerjetsfanthanu::Falcons should work on winning a playoff game instead of getting the #1 seed and getting smoked in the playoffs.
JulioJonesBrother::LOL  Comparing Sanches and Tebow to Ryan. You obviously aren't a big football fan. Bless your heart, you haven't a clue what you're talking about. Get out.
biggerjetsfanthanu::Sanchez and Tebow have 5x more playoff wins then Matty Ice LOL LOL LOL LOL
Demonjoe93::New York is a dump.
atlhawks27::ney york people smell like cheese
Pintz11::DAMM HAWKS
atlhawks27::lakers fan we will seee how far youre immature overrated sucky bench team gets
torontoraps054::you know your team is bad when the other team subs in solomon alabi.
JulioJonesBrother::The Falcons were up THIRTY FIVE POINTS to the lowly Bucs in THE SECOND QUARTER of the game last year!
JulioJonesBrother::"Josh Freeman is better than Matt Ryan"  Lol  You used literally every excuse during football season.
falconsfan0125::That was also the last time the offense scored. Sad but true
Ozzie Castro::lol you put up 2 pts in the playoffs
Masta_Da Stud Muffin::And once again got embarrassed in the playoffs.
Masta_Da Stud Muffin::JulioJonesSister is madder than a hornet!!! I bet she's pounding on her keyboard keys at a furious pace right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ozzie Castro::She was prob watching Lifetime anyways
Plargo::10 day contractors Alan Anderson and Justin Dentmon are beating the Hawks ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
lakers43492::How is this sad $@% team in the playoffs?
atlhawks27::because they are
JulioJonesBrother::4-0 Mavs sweep lololololol
4thQuar7er::SOLOMON ALABI
JulioJonesBrother::*My team loses to the Hawks....*  -Bring up attendance (even though I'm a pathetic <b>TAMPA BAY BUCS</b> fan  -Bring up outdated Braves choke  -Change subject  -Add "ROFLMAO" to every post to try to make my post look better  -Frantically search for more excuses
Demonjoe93::Rinse and repeat
Masta_Da Stud Muffin::You are really mad bro.
Demonjoe93::Hawks 109, Magic 81  U mad bro?
