johnkicks::Grizzlies forever
Dray41::Lets see..........take bynum's average times how many games he missed. compare that to how many FT howard (at the rate he's going) will miss (based on average) and i would say its about even. so dont give buss credit for getting howard AND howard is a free agent after this season. so again, jim buss has done NOTHING!!!!!!!
Dray41::under jim buss we also held on to bynum WAYYYY longer than we should. The problem with Phil being head coach is.................(ill go s-l-o-w)........J-I-M B-U-S-S. he got mad because Phil asked for time to think about it. he governs by emotion which is why LO and matt barnes are living on the other side of staples right now. Dantoni is making Pau Gasol a scapegoat trying to hide the fact that he CANT coach these players. Pau is one of the most successful and winning-est european players in the WORLD and he coming off the bench?!?!?.......He's made watching my beloved lakers...........not fun at all
sportsnu36::I don't know why Kobe even hanging around,he won't get that sixth ring(trying to catch MJ)and he sure is not better than MJ as most of the delussional Laker fans think!
kb24lj231::Dantoni gets no respect from his team, how are you gonna hire a coach who quit mid way through the season in New York(big market team, two Allstars), and expect him to coach in LA LA land(Bigger Market, 4 future hall of famers), he didn't even expect to get the job, all of this was done out of spite to tend to Jimmy Buss's little vendetta he has with Daddy's new favorite son PJ...
Chute99::Most annoying thing about Lakers losing is the excuses.
CubicleJoe::don't blame me.
heatonomics::Laker fans were about to lynch Mike Brown when he was the Lakers coach and they wanted him gone. They cheered when Brown was fired and were ecstatic when D'Antoni was hired. Now they are longing for the days when Mike Brown was at the helm. You see, the grass isn't always greener and if you guys gave Brown a chance, you would most likely be a playoff team instead of the butt of jokes in the NBA.
machinegunkelley80::Tony wroten will be a monster in this league
too legit too quit lol::I find it funny how everyone is making fun the Lakers. It will be even sweeter when we hoist the Lombardi trophy and watch the haters eat crow.
Dockthatguyadayspay::I didn't know LA had a football team
rede482::lombardi is football jacka$s...seriously?
Demoted::To quote Dwight "Look at the stat sheet" Earl Clark took the 2nd most shots last night (13) these guys complaining need to GROW A PAIR and TAKE their shots..
BoisePanther3489 XII::BREAKING NEWS:  Kobe Bryant needs more help. LMFAO
crowznest62::Coach Finstock: I just thought figured you quit now, you can beat the 5 o'clock traffic.
el_dude00::It's not how you play the game, it's whether you win or lose. And even that doesn't matter all that much. -B. Finstock
mrroldan826::If the Lakers plan on making the playoffs a head coaching change needs to come like yesterday!
nicholasduke23::lol
mrroldan826::Mitch needs to crawl over to the nearest telephone and dial Phil Jackson and offer up his apology for thinking he has any clue on whats best for this roster because Dantoni was the wrong choice.  The system they are running is for a young team.  Lets get back to the triangle.
Tiamatt14::Does anyone have a idea on what kind of record(realistic) the Lakers need to get into the playoffs?
el_dude00::In other words, they would have to have a better stretch of games over their remaining 40 games than they've had in their previous 42. Translation: Not. Gonna. Happen.
el_dude00::Conventional wisdom would suggest that around 46-36 would get the 8th seed. Give or take. So LA would have to finish around 29-11 to make it. If you look at their schedule, they should be out of contention around the last week in March / first week in April.
CubicleJoe::73-9?
andrezz08::Antoni was a poor choice. That’s brutally clear now, in my opinion. First step at fixing anything is admitting you were wrong. Hopefully by all-star break, he gets fired. Allow Bickerstaff to finish out the season. And make a coaching decision in the off-season.     The difficult choice is what to do with Dwight??? He’s proven to be immature but also proven (not really with the Lakers) that he can be dominant when healthy. That’s the harder choice right now. This season is over in my opinion.....
CubicleJoe::UUUUUUUUUUUUGH...IT'S SO DAM HOT....MILK WAS A BAD CHOICE...
el_dude00::BREAKING NEWS: Jimmy Buss to meet with Coach Bobby Finstock about joining the Lakers as a consultant. "That fat kid has got a great arm." -B. Finstock
CubicleJoe::and then he will ask for some salt.
Looks good on u tho::Question:  What will be higher at the end of the season?  Kobe's shooting percentage or the Lakers win percentage?
clutchwilkins::"It's my team." -Kobe Bryant
rvcawolf::Russel Westbrook is bad at basketball.
Dray41::PEOPLE lets face it. the lakers arent going ANYWHERE with Jim Buss at the helm. PERIOD
Dray41::under jim buss we also held on to bynum WAYYYY longer than we should. The problem with Phil being head coach is.................(ill go s-l-o-w)........J-I-M B-U-S-S. he got mad because Phil asked for time to think about it. he governs by emotion which is why LO and matt barnes are living on the other side of staples right now. AND why they are making Pau Gasol a scapegoat. One of the most successful and winning-est european players in the WORLD and he coming off the bench?!?!?.......He's made watching my beloved lakers...........not fun at all
mrroldan826::Under Jim Buss we were able to get howard and nash so I'm pleased with that.  What i don't understand is whats the problem with phil being the head coach.
fvsantana::he is the next jerry jones
inglewood247::Howard D12 for 5 yrs and 117 million - rehab and get better with new coach that utilize inside out. then be on record for 25 mill with 3 coaches.   or   Keep DAntoni trade Howard or Gasol for other PF and younger players/shooters in a system that may or may not work. Depend on Kobe (who is fading ) and Nash to win against Miami -OKC and Spurs.
BoisePanther3489 XII::BREAKING NEWS:  Kobe Bryant needs more help.
sautan::as of today... Kobe took 20+ shots, Lakers went 6-22 Kobe took less than 20 shots, Lakers went 11-3
womblevader::No but the numbers are so dramatic there has to be something going on. Its unlikely it is due to chance.  11-3 or 21% vs 14-14 50%  Its been the same in other years as well, when Kobe distributes the ball the Lakers are pretty good.  Maybe he is focusing on the scoring record to the detriment of his team winning.
andrezz08::Not by shooting 22x a game. if it was 25-30....I would be upset! Its more quality vs. quantity for me. Kobe is not the problem though. The problem is trying to fit a square peg into a round hole with this system we are trying to run. Add to that, the horrible defense we play. A 10 point lead vs the Lakers in the 4th is enough to beat us consistently this year
andrezz08::Well, you are not really answering the question but your right...there is a lot more to the problem than one stat even though I don’t really complain about the amount vs. the quality.   A lot of these shots are coming off broken offensive possessions with the shot clock running out. My biggest critic of Kobe this year?? Late game shot selection! He wants to win so bad that he’s gotten himself into trouble. And his off ball defense! Ball watcher! Gets him onto trouble.
trollvtroll2::correlation does not equal causation
Luncey612::Agreed.  But the argument isnt presented in such a way.  Simply that the laker record is much poorer when Kobe shoots more....those are the facts.
andrezz08::If I told you there was a player who shot 22x per game at a 46.5% clip.....would you say thats bad or good??
Looks good on u tho::Since you posted this question twice:  I would say that anyone taking that many shots (more than anybody else in the entire league....by a lot) that has Howard, Gasol, and Nash as teammates is an idiot.    But don't take my opinion....just look at the wins and losses.    If he was on Charlotte, I would understand. If these guys were Smush, Mihm and Kwame....I would understand.     This type of talent requires all to sacrifice. Unfortunately, only 3 of them are.    BTW - in the past 4 games (all losses) he is taking more than 25 shots and shooting 35%....don't grasp on to that 46% shooting because it is dropping like a rock
Luncey612::If you tolde me the TEAM record when that individual shoots 20+ times is 6-22, I would tell you not such a good thing.  I know there is more involved, but you have to admit his # of shots is a glaring statistic.
andrezz08::19?? 15?? whats less than 20? How much is he averaging now?
andrezz08::IN your opinion.....how many shots should Kobe avg. per game??
Luncey612::Maybe less than 20....
Looks good on u tho::The Kobe Dictionary:  Passing:  What people do so I can shoot the ball.  Chemistry:  When everyone shuts the hell up when I yell at them and blame them for my fu&amp;k ups  Teamwork:  Setting screens for me and rotating over to cover my man when I stand around and ball watch on defense.
andrezz08::Anytime man! Either way you look at it.................from management, to coaching to player effort................its been the worst season I’ve ever seen.   And I’ve been watching Lakers ball for a long time
andrezz08::Its really not about that........im saying the problem with the Lakers is much more than Kobe taking 22 shots per game man.   Is he struggling recently...yes! Its hard to run up and down the court, carry the scoring load and defend the their teams best player at 34 y/o.   And that’s what they’ve asked him to do......"Antoni"   If Kobe plays better (or perfect which seems to be the standard people are holding him to).....what are we??? 3....maybe 5 games better??   Its more than your claim.......the problem is greater than one player.   Thats all im saying
Looks good on u tho::Understood.  Hopefully they will turn it around.  I don't see any signs; however, but you never know.  I will concede that coaching is a big problem.  If you cannot find a way to get someone like Pau Gasol more an integrated part of the offense, then something is wrong.  Personally, I hope he gets traded...for his sake.  He is rotting away and I still think he can be productive if able to work down low and be a 2nd option.  Thanks for the back and forth.  Take it easy
andrezz08::Myopic friend.........you have to ask yourself why we are struggling so much this year vs. all other years with Kobe really playing the same style. remember, 22 shots per game isn’t crazy especially if you are shooting almost 48%.   We need to figure out how to maximize other strengths in size, play slower and play better defense. If we play slower our transition D will be much improved because of better shot selection.  What Kobe can do better???....off ball defense, shot selection in late game situations. Other than that, its chess not checkers...players have to be put in a position to maximize their strengths.   To say Kobe is singularly the issue here is just silly! You give him too much credit! The game is bigger than that
Looks good on u tho::Well, sit back and watch then...the 48% shooting (which somehow has gone up from the 46.5% you posted earlier) is dropping like a rock.    And don't worry..If Kobe is 7-22 after 3 quarters, he won't stop shooting because he's at 32%...you can bet on that.  The bigger question will be:  What will be higher at the end of the season?  Kobe's shooting percentage or the Lakers win percentage?
andrezz08::"Kobe is LAZY. He plays 42 minutes because he is LAZY on both ends of the floor."   He plays 42 minutes and that makes him lazy? What does that mean??   You are being myopic.   So Kobe Bryant, the same guy that has taken us to 7 Finals with 5 titles is the entire problem this season?? LOL  Think about how silly that is..........  I wouldn’t mind seeing him come off screens but how do you think bball works.   Running off screens and making that more a part of your offense is called coaching or running a better system. If you are saying we can better utilize one of the greatest scorers in the game??? Now we are getting to the root of the problem! Coaching and the system   Other than that, it just seems like you another Kobe hater……whether you like it or not….he will go down as one of the greatest players ever…..sorry  And you still havent answered my original question
Looks good on u tho::Yes - he half $@%!$ it so he is able to play 42 minutes.  I would rather he put forth max effort ON BOTH ENDS OF THE FLOOR for 30 minutes rather than half assing it for 42.  And yes - 46% is good.  Okay?  Does that answer your question?  But the past 4 games (all loses) are over 25 shots a game and 35%.  Is that good?  BUT-on this team, Kobe taking that many shots is stupid and it alienates quality players, causing them to become stagnant and uninterested not only on the offensive side of the court but also on the defensive side.    And it is not only Kobe....Westbrook taking more shots than Durant is stupid also.  But they are one of the best teams in the league, so it works for them and Durant's ego is such that he is okay with it.  Kobe jacking up shots at the expense of getting other involved is stupid and the record reflects it.  Problem with LA - Kobe will not allow anyone on the Lakers to average more points than him.  He's going to the alpha dog til his contract is up and he is gone.
andrezz08::YOU are not anssering te question...........Bottom line,there is a lot more to the problem than one stat even though I don’t really complain about the amount vs. the quality.     A lot of these shots are coming off broken offensive possessions with the shot clock running out. My biggest critic of Kobe this year?? Late game shot selection! He wants to win so bad that he’s gotten himself into trouble. And his off ball defense! Ball watcher! Gets him onto trouble
Looks good on u tho::Broken offensive possessions?  Come on.  Kobe is LAZY.  He plays 42 minutes because he is LAZY on both ends of the floor.  He gets the ball and everything STOPS.  Then he jab steps, jab steps, backs down and chucks up contested jumpers.    Remember Reggie Miller and Ray Allen?....These guys come off picks repeatedly and catch and shoot.  Kobe is too lazy to do that so he is ALWAYS faced with contested jumpers because his defender doesn't have to do anything.  Why do you think he plays 42 minutes a night?  Lazy on both ends of the floor.
Looks good on u tho::Offensive Game Plan:  Me shooting.  A lot.  GOAT:  Someone that is leading the league in scoring, shots and turnovers on a team 8 games under .500 and hopelessly out of the playoffs.
Looks good on u tho::I would say that anyone taking that many shots (more than anybody else in the entire league....by a lot) that has Howard, Gasol, and Nash as teammates is an idiot.  But don't take my opinion....just look at the wins and losses.  If he was on Charlotte, I would understand.  If these guys were Smush, Mihm and Kwame....I would understand.    This type of talent requires all to sacrifice.  Unfortunately, only 3 of them are.  BTW - in the past 4 games (all losses) he is taking more than 25 shots and shooting 35%....don't grasp on to that 46% shooting because it is dropping like a rock.
andrezz08::If I told you there was a player who shot 22x per game at a 46.5% clip.....would you say thats bad or good??
Looks good on u tho::How'd you like the game last night?  Kobe looked really good.  7-9 in the first half and a clutch 4-14 in the second.  GOAT.
I turned a heat fan into a laker fan in 5 secs::u just commented on ur own comment...   im done
I turned a heat fan into a laker fan in 5 secs::LBJMVP2013 -  Kobe 17 years in the league............still does not understand what passing, D and team chemistry means!!! LOL *************************************************************************** DO I REALLY HAVE TO S.HIT ON YOU LIKE I DID YESTERDAY KID?  9x All Nba Defensive First team, 2x Nba second... And averages 5 assists per game for his carrer.  If ur gonna hate on Kobe, please say something that makes sense..
heatonomics::Hey guy, if you need to take a S.HIT that badly use the bathroom. We do live in a civilized society, after all. And if your house does not have running water, you can always run down to your local gas station or supermarket and take a S.HIT there. The days of taking S.HITS on people are long gone. Oh, and don't forget to wash your hands afterwards. OK?
andrezz08::He doesn’t have anything else to offer man...........I wouldn’t waste to much time
crowznest62::1) When coaches lose the  Team 2) the Team needs to lose the coach
Replacement Ref Apologist 2.2::"This Laker team is really screwed up.  Undisciplined and starting to point fingers at each other."  -- 2011 Boston Red Sox
LBJMVP2013::Kobe 17 years in the league............still does not understand what passing, D and  team chemistry means!!! LOL
Looks good on u tho::Sure I do.  I means I should shoot more, right?  - Kobe
Chute99::"Stupid Lakers fans don't realize that I'm playing the blame card on myself. Lol!!!!! " ----Kobe
inglewood247::_I say you keep everybody and let the season be a waste. If Howard doesn't want to be there with kobe or Dantoni then you let him walk with 20 mill off you books. Then, you keep Gasol with adding some other roles players setting yourself up for next 2 yrs of FA and/or trade Gasol by next year trade deadline then fill player younger players with cap space to get a least ONE big name star after Kobe.   _Lebron ain't coming to LA; not with a crazy roster we have or system with Dantoni unless you get rid of him. So, you go for somebody that can be your franchise player(s) and start rebuilding. That way by 2014 you have much cap room; saving millions in taxes and be able to compete with the younger teams like OKC, Clippers and Miami that will then be older.
I turned a heat fan into a laker fan in 5 secs::I think Bill Simmons said it best-  "There are two types of coaches …   1. A coach who looks at his players and says, "How can I put these guys in the best position for them to succeed?"   2. A coach who looks at his players and says, "How can I use these guys to make my system succeed?"  Mike D falls under the number 2 guy."
CubicleJoe::i enjoyed his sections on pau.  i hate seeing such a good player get dumped on.
Looks good on u tho::Who wants Metta World Peace to go Ron Artest on Kobe at some point this season?  I know I do....
CubicleJoe::remember when ron got torched by kobe when he was a rockette?  i bet it'd be more of the same.  ron's psycho, but i think kobe's angrier at the world for whatever reason.  he made ron his b()%^ as an opponent and ron completely p*ssed out and scampered to the lakers instead of having to guard kobe.
MinniWolves90::Dwight's been overrated since he's been in the league. Shaq saw it and no one wanted to believe him.
andrezz08::I see now why Shaq was upset at the comparisons. I do think D12 should get more touches but one of my many frustration comes from when does get the ball. BE dominant man!! Make people say....damn!! Get that man the ball!! Like Shaq used to!   Instead he just gets stripped and complains!
Replacement Ref Apologist 2.2::Somebody in L.A. has a storage unit full of Dwight Howard Lakers jerseys that are likely to become worthless.
LBJMVP2013::LOL at fakers saying mike d was a bad choice as well as dwight.....when you got dwight you all said it would be amazing for your team now after 43 games you want him gone?also kobrick wanted mike d after the deal for phil fell through!! so not only did kobrick get the coach his spectacular stats of 8-25,10-32,7-22 and 11-23 all season long have scrwed you big time!!!
crowznest62::Shaq proved he could not win it all by his lonesome!
Waheezy420::wtf? did u just say kobe took u to 7 finals?? are u delusional? do u know who shaquille o'neal was?
andrezz08::Delusional?? Isn’t that a little strong?? Who is the common denominator in all the 7 trips to the final......other than Phil.   Who’s delusional...... ?? think about things before you type man
andrezz08::I don’t even know what that gibberish means?? LOL So Kobe Bryant, the same guy that has taken us to 7 Finals with 5 titles is the entire problem this season?? LOL   Think about how silly that is..........you’re funny though! These blogs have to have   some entertainment value from people like you…....thanks for filling that role ;-)  Dude, you just hate Kobe……whether you like it or not….he will go down as one of the greatest players ever…..sorry
andrezz08::Myopic observation...........you just hate the Lakers. Not a lot of relevant information here LBJ........sorry.
LBJMVP2013::yes there is you dumb kobe slurper kobe pathetic shooting and brick making as well as not passing has screwd you over as well as wanting mike d!! moral of the story its kobe who has destroyed you not the rest of the team as u slurpers keep pointing out u rettard!!
andrezz08::Antoni was a poor choice. That’s brutally clear now, in my opinion. First step at fixing anything is admitting you were wrong. Hopefully by all-star break, he gets fired. Allow Bickerstaff to finish out the season. And make a coaching decision in the off-season.   The difficult choice is what to do with Dwight??? He’s proven to be immature but also proven (not really with the Lakers) that he can be dominant when healthy. That’s the harder choice right now. This season is over in my opinion.....
LBJMVP2013::LOL hey faker fans you do realise the only reason mike brown went to la was due to lebron telling him to to compeltley f..k them up!!!! plan has worked amazingly well so far!!! LOL
Chute99::Funny how Lakers fans never really watched D12 play in Orlando  This is normal behavior for this dude.  But ESPN LA/Hype machine sold the LA fans this Superteam narrative.  But a majority of ESPN/LA know shat about basketball.  They're job is to hype/spin this team to delusional Lakers fans.
Replacement Ref Apologist 2.2::They saw him, but fans and owners are stupid.  They always think the guy won't act like that ON THEIR TEAM.  Which is why so many jerk players (all sports) keep getting picked up after they blow up a team.  See Terrell Owens, Manny, etc.
nylee64::Steve Nash said the last three weeks has been a nightmare??? LOOOL. Steve will only get worse
LBJMVP2013::Lakers organisation have dropped the biggest clanger in team sports......they get howard and nash to help kobrick......fire mike brown after only 5 games.............. hire mike d another huge clanger, kobe shoots more bricks in the first half of the season than any other player............dwight hates kobe after not passing being a ballhog and are 17-25 after all the 73-9 predictions!!! at least when lebron joined wade and nash he had a winning first season making the finals kobe wont even make the playoffs!!!
rvcawolf::Moron level over 9000!
JasonCalabasas::Moron
LBJMVP2013::and bosh lol
BoisePanther3489 XII::BREAKING NEWS:  Kobe Bryant on suicide watch...
LBJMVP2013::When the heat went 9-8 2 seasons ago fakers were dissing saying biggest joke in nba...............the heat then won 19 of their next 21 have a good season and make the finals................lakers also start 9-8 then lose 5 of their next 7 and are now a pathetic 17-25.....2 seasons ago heat only lost 26 games!!! LMFAO
LARRY57917::Lakers  16  championships  Kobe  5  rings.  Heat  1  and  a  1/2  championships James  World  Be  Free  1/2  ring.  Shut  your  dumb  a s  up.  Your  mother  wants  her  computer.
nylee64::One thing I can say as a Heat hater is the difference between the Heat and Lakers is the Heat knows how to play team ball
nylee64::So the Lakers have to pay Mike Brown 2 more seasons after this year?  LMAO   If they fire D'Antoni this season they still have to pay him two more seasons after this year? LMAO
crowznest62::at 2k a pop only you in the courtside seats.
crowznest62::True CJ, so how many Laker games you want to pay to see now? How about the season ticket holders?
CubicleJoe::if kobe keeps losing, i'd watch them twice a day.  i'm not a laker fan.
Replacement Ref Apologist 2.2::Since there are only 30 NBA head coaching jobs in the entire world, you'd think that when teams initially hire a coach they would only guarantee a one year contract (with a team option for another year).  There are far more available coaches than there are teams.  I understand the long term contracts when it comes to players since a good player can easily jump ship.
crowznest62::Time Warner (2 BILLION) doesn't give a hoot about the 2nd rate coach with a 40% career winning percentage. Money is not an issue, Lakers need a face of the franchise going forward and need to win. This team is built for the 1/2 court plain &amp; simple.
CubicleJoe::true enough, but i don't even like losing a $5 bill.  i don't care who you are, nobody wants to throw millions away for nothing.  literally, NOTHING.
Replacement Ref Apologist 2.2::Knowing how he acted in Orlando last year and after his latest pouting stunt (took himself out last night with a supposed shoulder injury), it amazes me that there would be a single Laker fan that would want Dwight Howard to stay on next year --- much less for the long term.  The guy is Terrell Owens in basketball shorts.
nylee64::He sure resembles him too
Looks good on u tho::So...  Dwight declare himself out for the season yet? He get traded yet? Pau still on the team? D'Antoni still the coach?
Chute99::Lakers should have Pau Gasol coach Dwight Howard on his offensive game.
FrankPisFACTio211::He's already spent years with Ewing and a good while training with Hakeem. There's nothing that can help that clown at this point.
LBJMVP2013::2013 LA fakers only team in nba history to have 7 season starts in the first half on the season!!! LOL
LARRY57917::Yeah  there  the  only  team  with  16  championships.  Now  shut  your  dumb  a s  up.
Looks good on u tho::And still miss the playoffs.
Looks good on u tho::And have 7 losing records during each restart
BoisePanther3489 XII::Ernie Johnson: So Shaq, what do U think about Kobe's play and the Lakers overall??  Shaq: Cannnnnnnnnnnn Uuuuuuuuuuu Digggggggggggggggggg Ittttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt?!?
LBJMVP2013::Howard' i just want to win and get rings is why i opted for la'.......so you left the magic who are now only 1 win behind the lakers who now have zero talent since u left? great move dwight!!! LMAO
