bamberg1977::Pistons have won 7 out of 9 and 1 of their losses was a no-effort home performance vs. the Charlotte Bobcats of all teams. Anyway, they are clearly on the rise. I think ultimately the East playoffs are set, maybe not order-wise, but the top 7 will make it. Except Detroit will replace Milwaukee as the 8th seed. They are getting their act together.
boudz::They gave effort vs Charlotte. The Bobcats just happened to play a decent game for once in their season. Let's hope the Pistons can get that 8 seed
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::agree with Bamberg, Pistons didn't even show up. They got too cocky about the previous games
bamberg1977::Uh, you didnt watch the whole game. That was one of the Pistons worst defensive efforts of the season. I knew even still nursing a 8pt lead in the 2nd quarter we were going to lose. Attitude wasnt there. We were chucking 3's and playing apathetic. We played incredibly soft. And Bobcats came surging in to lead with a 38 pt 2nd quarter. They gave some effort in the 2nd half, trying to get back in lead, but the bench was MIA all nightand it was attitude related.
jdoane926::Is Brandon Jennings always in heat check mode?
jfreeland88::cant wait to see Monroe and Drummond in a couple of years...
bamberg1977::If Monroe could just get that quick elbow J down he could be a beast offensively. He can make a jumper but he's not confident with it and has a long, slow release. If he works on it though you can tell he has the skill... he'd be a monster in the high post. He has everything else needed with his dribble drive, post and passing. People bait him to shoot it and he still wont, he'd rather force a drive.
knowlto::Pistons baby, YEAH!  Knight didn't even turn the ball over last night!
ZennMasterLurch::The Pistons have won enough games lately that i will at least flip from the football game tonight to check in...that is saying a lot based on recent years.  Keep it going boys!
Redneck SEC Fan::The Pistons are somehow winning with Charlie V and Austin Daye, or do these teams they're beating suck that bad?
bamberg1977::Yeah Pistons
Its All About The Crew::This bucks team just boggles my mind the teams that they lose 2 pure inconsistantcy
Trespayne::7 of last 9...
verfielderbrera::The records may not show it but the Pistons are a better team. The last two games they beat the Bucks should tell you this. This shouldn't be too hard to grasp.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Skip...so they just match up better with the Bucks, Heat, Hawks, and Kings? 4 completely different teams? No, the Pistons have finally gelled. Smashers, we're 9 below .500 because of an 0-8 start (West Coast road trip) with 5 rookies (who were playing their 1st NBA games on that road trip) and an 0-6 stretch after that. Guys have finally found their roles on the bench which is what's behind their amazing bench play as of late. So think about that for a second.
smashers7575::You are not even close.  Clearly the Bucks are a much better team.  However, they are very inconsistent.  Just look at the 11 point thrid quarter. Remember, you guys are still 9 below five hundred.  Think about that for a second.
Skip Clueless FailSource::Detroit may just match up better against them. The records hardly show that the Pistons are better. If anything, their records show that Detroit is the more inconsistent of the two.
Jrange378::The Pistons are building a team very reminiscent of the 04 team and the bad boys. Talk crap about Dumars all you want, but hes makinga team that will take dumps on these 'superstar" teams by being physical and playing great defense. Drummond is the franchise. Its great to watch as a fan, but we won't be a lottery team and that stinks not getting the final piece of our puzzle.
t casey::Let's calm down the talk about taking dumps on superstar teams. That's a long way from now and a lot of things have to go right for them to develop into that kind of team. Great bounce back win tho.
Jrange378::Clearly i'm talking future tense, and theres reason to be excited for the future.
KN_WisconsinFan::#FireBoylan
DukieBruce58::Damn, both teams had a least 90 shots!! Quick pace and bad shooting.
criptcrawler::Professional BB is a waste of time. Back in the early 70's I would watch Johnny Mac, Jabber, Big O, Bob Dandridge play in Madison. They played the whole game never letting up. Todays game is nothing like that . Just a waste of time.
jeppy345::nba reffing makes it tough
denn19641::There are only 4 games left before the half of the season. It's still a 5 game lead to chase before hitting that 8th spot. I only see the Raptors among other lottery teams to compete with us.
detroit dave93::Yes sir, They are 14&amp;14, since their 0&amp;9 start, they are 7&amp;4, in their last 11 games. I think they are getting better faster than fans thought they would. They are definently on the right path.
DTownSports81::Pistons looking good
Doodzy4::Lakers looking to move Gasol. Ellis to LA Lakers is the move for both teams.
Doodzy4::That trade should take place around the All Star game. Brings life to Lakers that need scorer and speed, and enough players to make it strong for Bucks
Skip Clueless FailSource::They should move Hill while they are at it. He is out for the season.
panther4406::WHY CANT THE BUCKS JUST BEAT THE PISTONSSSSS
kingtai01::The packers&gt; lions, what more do you want haha...
MichPride1::um...Tigers&gt;Brewers           Redwings&gt; no hockey team           Michigan college sports&gt;wisconsin college sports                      but the Packers are better than the Lions which is great if you are selecting whatever will fit your argument.
Jrange378::Because the Pistons are a better team. We've been smacking teams.
su1022::Bucks suck.
smackdab0::hey, it works. http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine
smackdab0::wow ibaka got raped, kobe got tapped.. guess who gets the call.
mandarae0623::the crybaby kobe
shut the front door please::Pistons are 7-3 in their last 10 games...they're actually a pretty dangerous team now. Look out.
smackdab0::been watching them all year. that little 6 game losing streak (after the 0-8 to start the year) really killed a lot of hopes.. going to make it alot harder to bounce back from.
JimDetroitFan95::Nice job man.  Nice effort Detroit.
JimDetroitFan95::wow..................
WIstormchaser2119::The Bucks got pist on tonight
JimDetroitFan95::I think I am offended.................
smackdab0::I know i record NBA Tonight every night and i never see them go in depth to ANY piston game
quannage::there are 2 reasons for this: 1) the Pistons have no star power. 2) The pistons are still under .500. talking about Detroit will not get you ratings, so the Pistons will not get any real screentime unless they are playing a big market team, and even then the focus will be more on the big market team, even if the Pistons win. let these guys claw over .500 and let Drummond start, and ESPN's tune might change.
smackdab0::lol, at what? all other fans utter lack of respect for detroit?
smackdab0::I'd like for the Pistons to trade Stuckey for Dudley
smackdab0::Stuckey could shine in phoenix and dudley would be GREAT here.
Chicago D.Rose::damn it and bulls lost to this
Adonis R.::i want to see Andre Drummond playing 35 min. join please......
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::He still doesn't have the stamina to...he's coming along slowly and playing well.
quannage::Don't look now, but the Pistons have been playing some decent ball. They are actually improving as the season progresses, which is all you can ask for from a young team. here's hoping the upward trend continues.
hoopster_u::I told y'all we ain't no lottery team....
milwaukeemonster2::lose games we should and win the games we shouldn't win we win...  same buck team... FUQ!!!
colobr731::Yep, same old crap from the Bucks.
Y2SJK::Consistently inconsistent.  Same old Bucks.  From, A Bucks fan
Detroit Everything::peace out mothertruckers!
PVM_Mike24::i have a confession to make: f.uck milwaukee and wisconsin. time to move on to the lakers board
Detroit Everything::trolls will be trolls
The Account Formerly Known as Buckspackers23::Lol, the Pistons fans were wasting their time on you. For some reason they were dead sure you were a Bucks fan
Detroit Everything::;)
The Account Formerly Known as Buckspackers23::Nice ninja edit ;)
Detroit Everything::nah he wasted his time on us
PVM_Mike24::exactly
PVM_Mike24::to p.iss the okc and lal fans off
smackdab0::man.. i'm a huge packer fan, but also a huge piston fan. tmw night will be hard. so i will prolly end up with both tv's on each game.. let the pacing back and forth begin
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Larry Sanders: 3 blocks with 3 fouls in 19 minutes Andre Drummond: 4 blocks with no fouls in 17 minutes  ...yeah.
smackdab0::what game were u watching, he only had one late block
The Account Formerly Known as Buckspackers23::Drummond played an impressive game, also had 3 of his blocks in the last few minutes against our scrubs that don't play.
JamesZhou13::since the knicks just got crushed and we won, hopefully all the momentum will be on our side
Detroit Everything::Can't wait to go to AA Arena for Pistons @ Miami
Chrisman1709::^Says the broke guy
PVM_Mike24::where will you detroiter get the money to travel there?
The Account Formerly Known as Buckspackers23::Miami is a sack of Shit.
PVM_Mike24::oh.
lionstigerssparty6::fat@ss Wisconsin person making fun of somewhere else lol
Detroit Everything::I go to school in Miami. Not high school like you. Medical School.
goldenshoes2124::Unbelievable. Can't win the games we should and win the games we shouldn't. How do we lose to the pistons, who are terible. Trade jennings and Ellis and get what we can for them. There both going to walk at the end of the season cause they aren't going to wanna play for a team that can't win consistently.
denn19641::7-0 during regulation in the last 9 games. You could only wish Bucks could catch up and send this one to OT. Pistons are still learning to finish the game.
lionstigerssparty6::they aren't as terrible as you think. since the 0-8 start they've been right around .500 with a win over the Heat
Detroit Everything::14-15 since starting 0-8. Including several heartbreaking losses, especially the OT stuff.
Skip Clueless FailSource::that 0-8 start was almost all west coast teams and almost all on the road.
lionstigerssparty6::<b> White girl wasted = annoying as hell</b>
JimDetroitFan95::Nice effort tonight Detroit...................
detroit dave93::One hell of a game tonight Pistons, "I mean one hell of a game."
TheFinalPlay::Ill admit I was wrong when I thought the Pistons lost all the momentum and would go back to losing again
TigerMichLion111::Good job pistons, I was impressed lol
The Account Formerly Known as Buckspackers23::Oh well, this isn't very enjoyable. Good night, everyone.
PVM_Mike24::good night, have fun with your menorah and dreidel song
The Account Formerly Known as Buckspackers23::The Fuck? I'm not a jew, lol. I was skiing for 7 hours straight and am in no mood to talk Shit, that's all.
smackdab0::I hope Knight redeemed himself a little to all the critical Piston fans.
Skip Clueless FailSource::I don't want to draft a PG in the 1st round, knight can get us by. draft a beast sg or sf.
JimDetroitFan95::Why do you want to fight this stuff?
lionstigerssparty6::Bucks fans are cool. Brewers fans are not so cool. Packers fans are @sshats
torrtis::Coach sacking rebound run is over.
Detroit Everything::you guys realize you're only 4 games ahead of us right? You don't see me talking crap I'm just defending my Pistons, and you Bucks fans need to get over yourselves.
Skip Clueless FailSource::How far from the 8th seed, or tying for it?
Detroit Everything::yeah... C's won 5 in a row
Skip Clueless FailSource::oh man, celtics finally pulling it together it seems
Detroit Everything::well bucks right now are in 8th, and have a 4 game lead on the Pistons
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::It's not the fans...it's the trolls. The Bucks FANS are cool.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::that's a spammer, not a troll. Those guys spam...you troll. yup.
Detroit Everything::that's true for most teams lol
PVM_Mike24::i'm not a troll, do you see me sending message after message of nothing but smiley faces? nope.
detroit dave93::Pistons extend deer hunting season, they love "SMOKED" Buck.!
denn19641::Pistons are 7-0 in the last 9 games decided in regulation. I hate those OT Losses but man we are very competitive.
TheFinalPlay::Great way to rebound after that gut retching loss to the Bobcats
