George Jimas::lol @ portland.
Jonathan Wilson::The Western Conference will come down to San Antonio and OKC.  Portland is just making it interesting early, but will fall.  Tomorrow night in OKC, the Thunder will win by at least 10 without Westbrook. They just beat Houston by 30 without him.
Hat McCullough::Nope!
Jody George Prats::Remember last week when Blazer fans thought their scrubs were better than the Heat?   I do
Jamie Brentwood::Remember when Heat fans were established in 2010?   I do
Hat McCullough::Remember when the Heat thought their scrubs were better than the Warriors?
Shawn Bento::But... But I thought Portland was a legit championship contender???
Hat McCullough::Did that loss knock them out of the playoffs somehow?
Dakota Mckenzie::And Portland crashes back down to earth. It was a matter of time before it happened.
Tyler Moss::2 losses by 3 points and Blazers crumble down to earth. It was a matter of time?
Dakota Mckenzie::Do you see how they won their past games? Almost always won by 2 points with miracles at the end with most of their games against good competition at home. When it's all said and down they'll be a 5th seed which still does shatters their expectations
Dave Joacksom::Blazers are legit but just like all teams in the NBA you win and lose..2nd loss in a row for the Blazers not the end of the world.They have a rookie heading his way who will bring some spark to this team.Blazers will have some off games and even Blazers fans are aware we have a5-6 seed team.Make no mistakes this team is up and coming.
Patrick Foote::for as good as lillard is on offense, he has to be nearly as bad on defense.
Jeffrey Foote::OMG! We have the same last name!
Patrick Foote::Jeffrey Foote my extended family lives in ohio too...maybe were related jeff
Jeffrey Foote::Oh, well do you have any siblings?
Ayn Bland::This is going to be a painful b2b for portland.
George Jimas::portland's falling back to earth.
Jeffrey Kinneman::Portland is a very talented and very young team. They will be good for many years to come, assuming the keep their core in tact. However, they are not a top 3 seed out west, this season. They are coming back down to their level. Lots of teams have hot streaks during the season. The Blazers happened to have theirs to start the season. Even though they will not be a top 3 seed I am certain they are a team that nobody will want to face in the playoffs. They are capable of beating anyone in 7, if they are playing well. Same goes for 5-6 other teams out west.
Trevor Scott Alexander::Good post,
Adam Sowa::Don Groves   I believe they play 7 games in 10 nights starting the 17th.  Brutal.
Matt Semperboni::As a Blazer fan, losing 2 games in a row with the Thunder coming up isn't what worries me. It's the constantly getting dominated in points in the paint and the matador defense. The Blazers strengths are that they move the ball around well and have a lot of good shooters. But you have to wonder if the shooting will keep up pace....they ranked 16th in FG% and 20th in FT% last year. Yes I think they're a much improved team from last year in a lot of ways, but the Blazers can't keep relying on their shooters to simply outscore teams with the kind of defense they're playing and the amount of easy points in the paint they allow. We know Aldridge's specialties, but guys like Lillard, Batum and Matthews should be getting to the rim more.
Jason Schwanke::on paper portland should win this game. they have been great on the road this season and are easily the better team from a talent, coaching and chemistry standpoint. that said, the defense needs to improve. the blazers raced to a 22-4 start and have now gone 2-2 in their last 4 games as the defense (which was already middling) has gotten even worse. at this point they just have to make it a priority. i get that they always counter with their offense but all of the late game heroics of late will fail occasionally, just like they did against miami on saturday. if the defense doesnt get better this blazers team will start dropping games like this. on the road against a good offensive team. just like they did in minnesota a couple weeks ago. i think stotts gets his guys to ramp it up on D. Blazers 105 -  Pelicans 100
Tyler Moss::The late game heroics didn't fail in Miami. Bosh took over and won that game fair and square.
John Pourciau::I disagree with you on talent and coaching but completely agree on chemistry.
Sandy Porter::Don Groves The Blazers did beat NOLA a few weeks ago (another close game).  They really need to step up on the defense.
Aaron Stutheit::i'm a die hard blazer fan and i love this start we have goin but Portland has no defense cuz i mean I've watched every blazer game this year and it seems like every team can score at will against them. I think we have held only one or two teams under 100 points so far this year and we are ranked 26th in defense. I'm not putting down my blazers I'm just being real and sayin until they play better defense they will struggle in the playoffs cuz like the sayin goes defense wins championships. but anyways lets go blazers keep up the winning.
Aaron Stutheit::true that the only one that plays alot of mins and scores off the bench is Mo Williams so our bench is pretty much the same as last year our starters still play alot of mins. the blazers jus try to out score teams to win and that will jus tire out the starters in the end like last year. so yea until we develop sum defense and better bench i don't see us making much noise in the playoffs.
Aaron Stutheit::Don Groves  true but the starters are still playing alot of mins and there defense is almost last in the league teams jus score whenever and however they want against my blazers u know
Meron Foto::Blazers D's inside the paint is the worst one I have EVER seen . Just imagine how good this team would be if they play decent defense. Mannnnnn
Teresa McGarr::I dunno. Lopez has 6 blocks
Daniel Tuggle::The Pelican's are tough at home
Justin Taslak::Teresa McGarr this is an outlier game for him, he and Aldridge average 2.2 BPG combined, pretty sad for a starting PF/C duo
Billy Frye::Haha all these blazers fans did not realize their team plays 0 defense and cant wait to see my thunder beat these guys tomo night.
Silas Reyes::sorry Billy Bob #ZOMBIESONICS
Jamie Brentwood::Your Thunder? Wow. Congrats.
Billy Frye::Yes because I contribute by buying season tickets and our community supports team to no ends so this team is a part of me.
Teresa McGarr::How many Lakers fans does it take to change a light bulb? . . . Don't know, they just stand around and talk about how great the last one was.
Teresa McGarr::Sekou Garrett - about their top 5 NBA record
Teresa McGarr::Sekou Garrett - Yeah, so?
Tyler Moss::Why wouldn't  small market Blazer fans be proud?
Daniel Tuggle::The Anthony Davis, Jrue Holiday combo is gonna be special for years to come... 2 all stars
Noah Peart::are you kidding me with that lillard 3!!! cold as ice
Jody George Prats::Blazers are still sore from getting Boshed!
Dick Johnson::I think it's too funny that you feel the need to flame the ESPN board with Portland hate. Does your team suck so much that you have to cahnnel that into this pathetic blabber?
Adam Youman::Dick Johnson yes. and it feels good too
Adam Youman::And thats why you need to play defense. Lol what a joke
Noah Peart::what are you complaining about? you think this was a bad or boring game? smh
Adam Youman::Noah Peart nah didnt watch it. i just think its ridiculous that portland cant hold teams under 100 points like ever. Not a good sign for them in the playoffs.
Aaron Stutheit::yep i love my blazers but our defense is garbage all we try to do is out score teams like Phoenix did win they had Steve Nash and what happened with them they always lost in the 1st round of the playoffs.
Jody George Prats::I love you Portland.  --Chris Bosh
Jeremy Ennion::hows he doing tonight?  oh that's right...LeBron's back so bosh will disappear again
Jeremy Ennion::Don Groves except he plays 3rd fiddle and one game does not a superstar make...but good call
Corey Beaumont::Based on this match up history the Pelicans have a fighting chance. Even the guys at BetBuckets have NO at 47% vs Blazers at 53% http://www.betbuckets.com/home_20131230pornoh-html/ should be an interesting game.
Robert Blair Knudsen::I know Portland has great chemistry right now, but I feel like they need a player with some championship experience to bolster their chances in the playoffs. I think Kevin Garnett would be a great person to trade for if they could get him to agree to it. He would help their defense and he could play backup to Aldridge
Shanny Salcedo::As a follower of the Brooklyn Nets, you don't want him he has been painful to watch sometimes(can't hit wide open shots,slow on defense at times, etc)....going after someone like Anderson Varejao who is younger and a rebounding machine would be much better
Adam Youman::What a surprise. No defense so they are losing in the end of the 3rd. This is another example of why they wont go far in the play offs. I suspect this game will be decided by a shot at the end of the game to decide portland's fate
Jeremy Ennion::well considering the weren't supposed to make the playoffs' I don't know wtf you biotching about
Ikenna Nwaghanata::I like these Pelicans. I think we just need Davis to develop into a superstar and we will be set for a while. Holiday is a good point man. I just wish Gordon wasn't already on the downside of his prime which it looks like he is.
SirBeast Fiftybuc::starters sitting on the bench while the bench is on the floor vs the blazers starters ahahhahahah in the 4th quarter....not the 3rd the 4th....
