RNYC_125::Okc goes as far as Westbrook will take them. We know what u get from durant so Westbrook is the key
Constantinius III::Brandon Jennings, who wants a MAX contract in the offseason, is shooting 25% over his past 5 games.   With that kind of production, not even the ever-present fumbling stupidity of NBA GMs eager to give bad contracts can present itself -- perhaps even Isiah Thomas might be having doubts right now.
dks211::Ellis and Jennings shoot 6-30, I Love this game!!
Joe Raygor::I thought Vanilla Ice was still working at Burger King. Didn't know he could still sing.
Maniacpkt::if you want to call that singing
a transported poet welcomes the jail below the gambling ref::Only 1220 posts? Wow. Looks like most of them are Bucks fans too. The Thunder is too good of a team to have a fan base that small. Smh
SOONER.FAN86::Wasn't a big game to have a lot talking. Maybe if we played a better team the post could have reached 5000. Just saying.
Strike 1 yer OUT::lol this guy thinks this joke of a website of trolls = fanbase
MR0908::Lol. How did i know the thunder would have 10+ free throw differential?
huskers-PVAMU::Because the Thunder drive the lane and get fouled instead up jacking up contested jumpshots like Ellis and Jennings. Or in your case Steph Curry.
Calvin9299::The Thunder are very good. Can't wait to see who comes out of the West. Still think Miami will get the East.
Vaughnz011::why did fisher play 22 minutes ??
InFaMouS KP::If you watched the game you would see that Fish contributed on the defensive end. Redick couldn't do anything with Fish on him. He was getting all frustrated. Not sure why everyone is on Fish's jock all the time. He is making some contributions. I would like to see a couple of the younger guys play more.
koolky68::I am not saying that Fisher doesn't contribute anything, his +/- was pretty good at +12, but if you are telling me that Fisher should have more minutes (22minutes) than Thabo (17minutes) you are not being honest with yourself.   Thabo is a superior wing defender, and a better scorer than Fisher. NOT saying that Fisher is a bad player and that he doesn't bring anything to the table, I am just saying that Fisher should be getting 10-15 minutes a game.   If you look at it from the stand point - who should be getting those extra 5-10 extra minutes? - I don't think anyone can say definitively that they should go to Fisher.   Although if someone brought up the fact that Thabo and Fish have nearly identical box #'s for this game, and stated their claim that there was no difference in the two, I would not argue. BUT I would bring up the fact that Reggie Jackson only got 15 minutes, and I think that at this time of the season it might be worth it to play him more in preparation for the playoffs.   Then again I am nobody and who am I to tell someone that gets paid millions of dollars a year what to do.
VinTheEskimo::Must be the 2012 finals again.
boudz::Cmon Bucks, let's at least go into the playoffs at .500.
Mikeferrari23...::I love how Wes got the triple double but espn makes it a point to put Durants scores 30 to start the sentence
cmoussi::Westbrook reminding everyone again why he is top dog on the Thunder, not the one-dimensional Durant
Danitherandom::durant one dimensional!??! no westbrook is a freagin brick! if he passed instead of chucking 5-20 in 1/2 the games, durant would have 34 ppg
No-account drifter::Durant's shooting over 50% this year. Westbrook just under 44%. And that's with all the bail-out calls that erase his bad shots. Not really sure it matters who is "top dog," but it seems clear Durant should be taking more shots and Westbrook fewer. But I'm very cool with Westbrook taking over, as a fan of another West team.
docky911::Durant's been frustrated cause he's been getting tripple teamed in the paint and only tonight for the first time was it obvious that the Thunder has finely implimented an offensive scheme to overcome the tripple teaming.
gerizzyYMcrew::Durant is averaging 28-7-4 with 1 steal  1 block per game. That's 1-Dimensional???
Vaughnz011::westbrook is averaging 23-7-5 with nearly 2 steals a game
TFUID 15::Anyway, good win OKC.
TFUID 15::Anyone read this garbage?  http://espn.go.com/nba/story/_/id/9109709/durant-westbrook-relationship
IversonDaGreatest3::Send Brandon Jennings to the D-League
docky911::Come playoffs OKC is going to need more depth at center/power forward.  Perkins/Collison and Ibaka can't play the whole game.  PERRY JONES and HASHEEM THABEET ought to be getting playing time or OKC WILL LOOSE when the starters are tired.
hanley0517::Russ' triple-double doesn't mean much when he goes 6-18 from the field. So inefficient.
InFaMouS KP::hanley0517 - Russ' triple-double doesn't mean much when he goes 6-18 from the field. So inefficient.  hahaha... that was a pretty uneducated statement! Everyone trying to down play Russ's Triple Double! So funny!
SOONER.FAN86::10 assist and he defended and rebounded like a mad man. I'll take Russ over any point in the league.
Masterofidiots::it's an entirely valid point. Westbrook tends to go heroball far too often, which tend to marginalize his contributions to the game as a whole.
2PantherMed::Ironic some guy calls Ibaka a nobody, when Larry Sanders is on his favorite team.
.Booty Loaf::do you guys remember when you were bi.tchin about Jennings not being an all star?
d_bokk::I remember when Jennings was $@%!$@%! about not being an all-star
airemark::Ibaka's on a fast learning curve. 23 years old, third year
KiD.Clutch.35::Sanders- 0 blocks Ibaka- 8 blocks
VinTheEskimo::Ibaka is better than Sanders, what a shocker.
airemark::Ibaka 16 points, 7 of  8 Fg
Bucks_fan_for_real.....::Sanders and Udoh nice game.
airemark::Russ is right, only one shot blocker in the NBA, AirCongo
KiD.Clutch.35::Serge I-blocka.
paulleena12::Perkins does not have much production at all.  How is his play okc fans ???
KiD.Clutch.35::He's a liability.  Wasnt brought on for production though.  Just defensive muscle.
KiD.Clutch.35::Kinda hard to get FT's when you shoot 29 3's, huh???
KiD.Clutch.35::Imthebossnow Ibaka is a nobody  If thats really what you think, than you really dont know anything about the NBA.  Milwaukee is where NOBODIES go to finish thier careers.
Imthebossnow::Where was the strong Westbrook play when Rubio and the Twolves were schooling the Thunder last night?
Aron3411::twisted ankle
Spur223::OKC cant handle Lebron.
megdali::ibaka just locked up leading the league in blocks since he got 8 and sanders got 0
wisconsinsportsrock::IS IT JUST ME OR IS ANYONE ELSE TIRED OF WATCHING THE BUCKS CHOKE UP A LEAD LATE IN THE 4TH?? This coach is no better the Skiles! He has Henson, Dal, and gooden sitting the bench while nobody's like Ibaka look like Moses Malone?? W.T.F. is this guy thinking? Then we have Sanders who will do something good then turnaround and do 3 things stupid? This TEAM, COACHING, AND ORGANIZATION ARE A JOKE!!
9ethan18::I don't think the bucks choked more than the Thunder do what they always do. Take over games late.
Jacks_Link::You lost all credibility when you called Ibaka a "nobody"....
Imthebossnow::Ibaka is a nobody
KDisNotNice35::Well they really didn't have a huge lead in the 4th.
KDisNotNice35::Lmao the Laker board is funny!
KiD.Clutch.35::Russ Westbrook- 20 points, 13 rebounds and 10 assists Nick Collison- 10 points, 6 rebounds, 2 assists, a steal, a block.  K. Durant 30 Pts, 8 Reb, 5 Ast, 1 Blk
UTRAssassination::I'm bouncin
KiD.Clutch.35::Thats good.
UTRAssassination::Where did everyone go?
KiD.Clutch.35::I dont think people really like to stick around when people like you are here.
ajhustad::Perkins &gt;? Harden???
9ethan18::No, not at all.
UTRAssassination::Probably correct
UTRAssassination::Oh man, he's parting the red sea
UTRAssassination::Watching the ten commandments on tv.
southbeachginja::another night, another 10 free throws
ajhustad::James Harden had a good game tonight, didn't see him even score a point vs the bucks
Boomtown405::Joke and provoke fail.  Lol
airemark::Sat out and they still smacked the Clips
ajhustad::That's right, they would rather have KENDRICK PERKINS
ajhustad::he isn't on the Thunder anymore?
GrapeOKAllDay35::Nick Collison tonight. 10 points, 6 rebounds, 2 assists, a steal, a block.   Nick Collison doing Nick Collison things
airemark::Mr. Thunder
Jacks_Link::Nick is what a true team player stands for.
UTRAssassination::*facepalm*
UTRAssassination::GOAT?
UTRAssassination::I can't wait til next week when we play a really young athletic team. Wish us look against the magic
GrapeOKAllDay35::might be your only W for a while
GrapeOKAllDay35::GIF: Russell Westbrook puts a sick okie-doke on Ersan Ilyasova: http://bit.ly/13HDxMS
2hanz::And your best scorer is left wide open for 3..
UTRAssassination::Austin, you only show up OCCASIONALLY?   WEAK  I'M HERE EVERY NIGHT
AustinBeal::Dude, you say that with way too much pride, don't you have friends to hang out with every now and then?
Jacks_Link::We know....
AustinBeal::lol
Dufnering::LMFAO @ monta, jennings, and redick going 10 for 42
ajhustad::and the Thunder still squeaking out a win
Mikeferrari23...::Thunders lack of rebounding and defense is why they won't win it all with this cast  And the fact that they have no true leader on the court
savelando::i would agree with the rebounding statement. d is fine, leadership is fine. rotation is whacked.
GrapeOKAllDay35::OK :)
AustinBeal::The Thunder may be the rivals of the Spurs, but their fans are easier to talk sports with than most other fans. Thats why i show up on these boards occasionally.
AustinBeal::I'll be dealing with Miami fans tomorrow, wish me luck.
SoonerMedical::"fans"
Jacks_Link::I'll send out some prayers...
Jacks_Link::Appreciate it man. It's hard to talk sports sometimes with all the trolls...
Marshall7584::is this real life? a spurs fan? o;
Mikeferrari23...::Ibaka is a horrible man on man defender and only gets a lot of blocks because he jumps at everything  By far the easiest guy to fake out in the league  Which is why he couldn't do shittt against Lebron and wade or bosh
Marshall7584::HE BLOCKED LEBRON 58 TIMES IN 3 YEARS
joest2003::you must not have ever seen Biyombo play
Dufnering::bismack
joest2003::Martin is 30 and asking for to much on a team of players like Ibaka who are about to get BIG contracts, anyone who thinks its not a good idea to get Lamb minutes now while the playoffs are clinched isnt a real OKC fan.
KDisNotNice35::Martin said he doesn't care about the money. He's been there, done that.
KingJamesTheGOAT::if okc shoots more free throws than one team one day, then there is nothing to it.  if okc shoots more free throws than all other teams, game after game after game, then that means stern is involved.
UTRAssassination::Man I need my panda photo
No-account drifter::FTs 32-15, Thunder win by 10. All's right in Stern's heaven again. This group of refs got the message. Thunder are Stern's sacrificial lamb - special treatment right up until they meet the Heat.
Elektrolysis::Maybe the Bucks shouldn't have been jacking up jump shots?
KDisNotNice35::Here's an example.
d_bokk::he isn't even a bucks fan you idiot
