SkinnyD444::I wish the Sixers would have pulled it out, but I'm also happy for 'Dre.  I always liked him.
28denverfan::i predicted the game to end nuggs on top 109-104 wow i dont think i couldve gotten any closer
acohn22::Here's a stat, the 76er's bench outscored the 76er's starters, and they still almost won.  I guess this is good news?
Pusherman3::Dre is a pro.
EricUSnavY::So much for Accuscore and their 1000000000 simulations.  They only gave my Nuggets an 18% chance to win.
CandySparker::Lookin' the Miller and rub my eyes, what is this?
crabbymacintosh::Great game, sixers definitely proved they belong with the top teams even in a loss.  They really missed hawes in this one-EB just didnt have the size to handle Nene.  Also Andre Miller was out of his mind. They played solid d on him he just had one of those nights...
_misterfurious::Sixers are now 1-4 against teams .500 or better. They are a good team but their record is inflated because they've beat up on bad teams like Phoenix, Toronto, Milwaukee, Washington TWICE etc.
KyleFurtner::76ers aren't a bad team, but I actually think this loss says more bad things about them than good. They lost to Denver at home, at the back half of Denvers back to back. Not to mention Denver is just a mediocre road team.
dradam69::Mediocre road team? Look at the stats- they have a winning record on the road.
storkmuncher000::Nuggets without Fernandez, Mozgov  Sixers without Hawes  I would like to see these teams play healthy on a neutral court. These are fun teams to watch
conlevis2::They really need Hawes in the lineup.....
CandySparker::
jayeteee::Overtime!!!!!! Good for Chauncey and what he did for the Clips tonight, but Go Nuggets!!!!!!
jchmelka::Ty Lawson
gerald_5::bold predictions:  tebow will make the playoffs next year   lebron will appear in the 4th quarter  knicks will be best defensive team
AllHailTheKing_6::I like the Sixers.. a lot. I just want to see them beat some quality teams before I am really a believer
conlevis2::They lost in OT to the same team the handled the Heat with ease.  This was after they won 3 games in a row.
helmsey::As one of the worst rebounding teams, the Nuggets need to start integrating Faried more into the lineup coming off the bench.  That is literally the only Team stat that the Nuggs are not near the top.  Faried would bring a different mindset to the other players IMO.
KyleFurtner::Faried is NOT READY. It is apparent. If you take birds minutes away, Koufos is a much more deserving recipient at this point.
twodaysfast::I am as big of a fan of Faried as anyone else, but whose minutes would you cut to bring Faried in?
DenverDiehard35::birds, hes losing his athleticism and faried isnt getting any better on the bench
vinchaco2135::The Nuggets should change their name to the Denver Windex, coz they clean up all the glass and eliminate streaks- FAST!!!!!... GO NUGGETS!!!!!
npersonett::shhh. haha
helmsey::haha... except, the nuggs are one of the worst rebounding (especially offensive boards) teams in the league.
Antsea91::Both of these teams are looking nice...
FingerRoleJoeTM::get ready philly you got a real squad coming for you next game..
AIadvocate::Yeah Hawks...scared s.hitless...They are about as underwhelming as the Republican field...At least we know they will give us a decent regular season with plenty of veterans underachieiving...gimme a f'ing break, the Hawks?  Real Squad?  ROFLL!!!!
76ers_all_day::don't worry we ready for the hawks
Heiroglyphic::Gotta love the Nuggets beating previous undefeated on their home courts Milwaukee and Phillly on back to back nights on the road.
gmann305::Is Wilson Chandler coming back to the team this year?
twodaysfast::JR WILL NOT be back in a Nuggets uniform, and if Brewer and Al keep playing the way they are off the bench Chandler will not either.
wawrikmikm::Go home son)
wawrikmikm::ha)
CornhuskerKid02::Yes once the China season is over, which I think is mid Feb I might be wrong tho, but that also means JR Smith is back lol
CornhuskerKid02::Didn't feel like arguing with an idiot who refuses to admit that the West isn't that much stronger than the east
dennorayj::Thought you were out son??? Felt like bumping them keys a little bit more huh?
gmann305::It would help a lot. Nuggets playing good ball so far
dennorayj::That would be nice..
Slurm Soda::Maybe.
ainuggets::if igoudala could make free throws (let alone the entire sixer team) we would b having a different conversation right now...sixers handed them that game...
imperiumd::Igoudala got gifted those free throws at the end of the game. If Violet Palmer wasn't the worst Ref in ANY sport, the nuggets would have blown you out on your home floor.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::The Sixers would be better off if the only drafted players that played their high school ball in Philly or played in the big 5/city 6. But I think they would lack a big man.
Travis Berger::Like i've been saying, sixers finish 6th
Ty Lawson 3 Aldon Smith 99::Im going off now GO NUGGETS best win thus far!
wawrikmikm::ok) here is the deal! look at 76es schedule) THey played Washington 4 times now))) the only teams with the winning record they played - are their 3 loses!! Come on people!! Bucks,Kings,Hornets ... Really? Haven't played anyone big yet! Nuggets in town and get the win! Welcome to real basketball))
VoteVladphillyboy::the sixers are the 4th or 5th best team in the east
wawrikmikm::U are out long time ago)
wawrikmikm::And Yeah,kid,that means that Washington is better then OKC and NJ is a good team)))))))
CornhuskerKid02::I was just showing you the bottom feeders, when did I say they were a good team? Where did I say that, you're an idiot and I'm out
wawrikmikm::ha ha) are u 15?
wawrikmikm::not by the record!1!!! because u get to play eastern conference teams all the time!!! come play OKS,Dallas
CornhuskerKid02::West bottom feeders- SAC, GS, NO, PHX, MINN East bottom feeders- Wash, Milwaukee, Toronto, Det, Charlotte
CornhuskerKid02::When did I say record lol? Portland lost to Atlanta today OKC lost to Washington, NJ beat GS, the West just like the East has 2 good teams and the rest are still trying to find their identities, I'm not a 6xer fan you're just an idiot.
wawrikmikm::East sucks)thats my point)
wawrikmikm::yaeh,but they would be 10th on the West
CornhuskerKid02::Who's ahead of them? OKC Dallas LAL then who? LAC still plays 0 defense, Portland can't win on the road, Memphis still trying to find their identity, Denver you say? they beat them by 4 with a career performance by Andre Miller... So tell me 9 teams that are ahead of them?
wawrikmikm::they get to play bobcats and raptors 4 times a season!!)))
CornhuskerKid02::so does Boston, what's your point? Every conference has 2 bottom feeders you idiot so almost every team in the nba gets to play 2 crappy teams 8x this season
wawrikmikm::we talking good teams) not Pacers)
CornhuskerKid02::and they beat Milwaukee you idiot
CornhuskerKid02::according to everybody there is only 3 good teams in the NBA, too bad Indiana is a top 5 team in the East you're just obsessed with big markets
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Pacers
CornhuskerKid02::http://espn.go.com/nba/team/schedule/_/name/phi/philadelphia-76ers  they haven't played washington 4x and they have beat a team with a winning record, that being Indiana
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Unless you are a heat,bulls or OKC fan your team is not going anywhere too.
b2msbro::ur gonna confuse people by stating that their 3 losses are to good teams, followed by u naming 3 bad teams
Ty Lawson 3 Aldon Smith 99::Knicks going down Saturday sounds good. Melo is gonna wish he never demanded that trade. Wished we had wilson chandler to put him on the lock though
Hi i love my bike::Does anyone actually care about Denver?
b2msbro::Im just in it for the cheap tacos
Eatin Turnips::2 points away from tacos.  Dammit Andre Miller!
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Yea the people that live there and the people that hate the Knicks
Ty Lawson 3 Aldon Smith 99::ya but no one cares about how gay you are with your bike
Slurm Soda::You care enough to be here.
Ty Lawson 3 Aldon Smith 99::Nuggets need to draft a Center. Get rid of Bird and use Faried more and then we are GOLDEN NUGGETS
Slurm Soda::I think Karl is getting sick of Bird.
Ty Lawson 3 Aldon Smith 99::im getting sick of bird too
wawrikmikm::ok) here is the deal! look at 76es schedule) THey played Washington 4 times now))) the only teams with the winning record they played - are their 3 loses!! Come on people!! Bucks,Kings,Hornets ... Really? Haven't played anyone big yet! Nuggets in town and get the win! Welcome to real basketball))
Jganon93::pacers
wawrikmikm::Thats what I am saying.. 76es beat all of the bad teams. look at their schedule and u will understand why their record is 10 and 4.. they havent beat a good team yet!
CornhuskerKid02::Bucks don't have a winning record....
Ty Lawson 3 Aldon Smith 99::trade iggy for monta or trade iggy and turner for joakim noah and boozer nah fuc k idont know
CornhuskerKid02::I love iggy, but as a complementary star, if I had the GM job as the 76ers I would try and trade Iggy along with Turner for _______ I am still trying to decide whom they would get any help?
Ty Lawson 3 Aldon Smith 99::dwight howard??????
CornhuskerKid02::Yeah stole my thunder haha, I am trying to think of a player just nobody seems to fit lol, they are extremely close to being a top 3 team in the east, and competitive with the big dogs
Broad Street Beatdown::Philly is a big market, if he came to Philly the fans would be there every night. He's a perfect fit for the Sixers, just don't think it'll ever happen. I want to see Kobe return to his roots before his career ends, in the end he's a Laker for life, but a Philly kid at heart.
PortlandBlazers1004::He wants a big market.
Ty Lawson 3 Aldon Smith 99::monta ellis and david lee
CornhuskerKid02::Neither of these guys play D and both are on max contracts (I think)
PortlandBlazers1004::I'd keep Turner because he has potential.
KingGeorge53::Very impressive road win for the Nuggets.    congrats to them and their fans.    Sixers are THE up coming team at the moment.
PortlandBlazers1004::Sixers=overrated
PortlandBlazers1004::Trail grazers??? Could've at least said the fail blazers, or heck even the jail blazers would've been better.
dennorayj::Trail grazers = overrated..
PortlandBlazers1004::Which good team have the Sixers beaten? They only beat the Pacers that were missing a couple of there players so that proves nothing.
Slurm Soda::lol
KingGeorge53::Blazer fans are the worst so this doesn't surprise your smugness.
Hi i love my bike::Both these teams suck. They think they are better than they actually are.
Slurm Soda::I'm gonna steal your bike.
PortlandBlazers1004::The Nuggets are a top 6 team in the west, I think.
PortlandBlazers1004::I never said the Nuggs suck so you're 'too' is unnecessary.
Hi i love my bike::Blazers suck too
PortlandBlazers1004::Other than the Bulls, i'm rooting for the sixers to come out of the east but they have proven to lose against good teams and murder bad teams. Sucks for them that in the playoffs will be good teams.
Ty Lawson 3 Aldon Smith 99::im from California but always been a diehard nuggets fan since birth!
tdawg44446::may I ask why? There are 4 other teams in that state.
Ty Lawson 3 Aldon Smith 99::well i keep getting banned so about 4 lol
Slurm Soda::How many accounts do you have lol
Ty Lawson 3 Aldon Smith 99::yes
Slurm Soda::Are you Lawson x3 or whatever?
Ty Lawson 3 Aldon Smith 99::i live in sf and grew up watching the nuggets. i just kept watching and watching and then fell in love with the team. i aint no bandwagon fan
Frank Reynolds is back 4::I hope Jamie Moyer surprises you Rockies fans and wins 15 games this year.
Eatin Turnips::Dawk is truly a fan favorite here.  We're all crossing our fingers that he can play one more year, but you can't mess with a neck injury.  He was SO missed on the field the past few games.  A great player and more importantly, a great man and class act.
Broad Street Beatdown::Hands down one of my favorite Phillies of all time, grew up in the area near me and ended up winning it all with the team he grew up watching, classic moment in the ballclubs history.
Eatin Turnips::We'll take good care of him for you!
Slurm Soda::Dawkins is done I think.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Don't forget Mr. Dawkins
Frank Reynolds is back 4::He is a good guy. They signed him to a minor league deal so it's pretty much a tryout. There really is no risk in it.
Slurm Soda::I hope he does too. I still have no clue why we picked him but we will see.
Eatin Turnips::Hope so too.  Heard him interviewed a couple of times last year and he sounds like a GREAT person.  Talked a lot about his charity work.  Just worry about his age and our altitude...
Slurm Soda::An epic moment in ESPN.com history, was when Nuggets and Sixer fans teamed up during halftime to go take over the Knicks board.
b2msbro::I will cherish this moment for the rest of my life.
Eatin Turnips::Go post that on their board!
Ty Lawson 3 Aldon Smith 99::http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=127fd00acd945995d1d4
Marlins35DTrain::I'd click it, but I have to go to bed. Good night ya'll. Remember, I called the Thunder loss! Muahahahaha. GO NUGGS!
Ty Lawson 3 Aldon Smith 99::idk random chick
Ty Lawson 3 Aldon Smith 99::http://www.google.com/imgres?q=raymond+felton+is+fat&amp;um=1&amp;hl=en&amp;client=safari&amp;sa=N&amp;rls=en&amp;biw=1680&amp;bih=838&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbnid=I1Ccu06twtEylM:&amp;imgrefurl=http://etownsgreatest.blogspot.com/2010_03_01_archive.html&amp;docid=Mnl3HY06F6Xe-M&amp;imgurl=http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_WfXPhccaHSM/S7F3FKShzzI/AAAAAAAAABk/BqyeFklUl60/s1600/Raymond-Felton_diaporama.jpg&amp;w=745&amp;h=565&amp;ei=uZcXT8K6HYHZiALSnZ3iCA&amp;zoom=1&amp;iact=hc&amp;vpx=760&amp;vpy=151&amp;dur=157&amp;hovh=195&amp;hovw=258&amp;tx=116&amp;ty=157&amp;sig=111453498077579868476&amp;page=1&amp;tbnh=138&amp;tbnw=182&amp;start=0&amp;ndsp=34&amp;ved=1t:429,r:3,s:0
Broad Street Beatdown::I always say this but the Sixers are the Nuggets of the east, not suprise this game was so close.
PortlandBlazers1004::Sixers are overrated. Nuggets are underrated. Big difference.
Ty Lawson 3 Aldon Smith 99::sefalosha should be the thunders pg since hes afraid to shoot the ball
Marlins35DTrain::SHOOT THE F.UCKING BALL!!!
Marlins35DTrain::I think Kendrick Perkins would enjoy that.
PortlandBlazers1004::Can we get Miller back? Felton is giving me a headache.
Eatin Turnips::I've haven't been following him - he played really well against the Nuggets...
Eatin Turnips::Bummer...  I was actually wishing him well.  He wanted out of Denver to be a starter and can't fault him for that.  Although I would take Lawson over him in a heart beat - and Miller was lights out tonight.
PortlandBlazers1004::Well he's shooting like 5% and turning over the ball and making stupid fouls. Pretty much sums it up.
PortlandBlazers1004::Yeah he doesn't know his place.
Slurm Soda::You guys need to replace Camby soon.
iAmBatDad::Is he taking all the shots he shouldn't be taking
iAmBatDad::Yes i do and it was terrible
Slurm Soda::Remember when he took almost a halfcourt shot with 10 seconds left to try and win the game in the playoffs? haha
Marlins35DTrain::No.
Slurm Soda::No. Is he breaking into peoples houses and stealing food there too?
PortlandBlazers1004::I wish he was eating more instead of playing on the court.
DenverDiehard35::told ya
Marlins35DTrain::So...who misses Raymond Felton?
Marlins35DTrain::besides the hot dog vendors.
mccoywajmu::nice
DenverDiehard35::Now where are all the stupid OKC, Utah, Dallas, Portland trolls talking noise after our losses? Losers
Slurm Soda::I haven't seen any Portland fans in awhile haha
Slurm Soda::lol
mccoywajmu::lol
PortlandBlazers1004::Hi!
Slurm Soda::Portland, Knicks and Thunder lost while we won. Great night. Now to make it better the Rockies better not sign Jamie Moyer.
Eatin Turnips::They signed him today, pending a physical.
Slurm Soda::Can he walk without a walker?
Marlins35DTrain::which he'll fail due to osteoporosis.
Marlins35DTrain::yessss!!!!!!! Great day indeed!
mccoywajmu::hopefully now phila fans can calm down..good solid young team...fiesty..will be in the playoffs and a tough out but not ready to compete for anything
Korzagg::it was 1 game, like you said the sixers will be in the playoffs, more then likely as the Atlantic division champs, and anything can happen once the tournament starts
AIadvocate::What is Collins saying after that game?  I would trade Iguodala for trash just to get rid of his contract.  Lord help me please, get rid of Iguodala I will go to church every Sunday.
Eatin Turnips::We don't have anyone like that in Denver either.  We'd have beaten LA in LA except Gallo missed a break away layup.  I don't know - maybe fans are just more patient here?  We're just loving and support our post-Melo team and trusting they'll figure it all out.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::I am patient personally. I did not expect this team to be this good. They are fun to watch. And if I get upset about it takes the fun out of it. So I am not really mad or upset. I am just to frustrated with the other three teams in this town being chip or bust. This team is not chip or bust.
Broad Street Beatdown::You're more patient because you guys are doing just as good without melo while as us we haven't had a guy live up to AI's standards since, and we've been waiting for Iggy for too long.
Broad Street Beatdown::No one has shown that they can provide a kobe like clutch at the end of our games. We need Iggy out of PHILA as soon as possible
Eatin Turnips::Nuggets fan here and that was a great game.  Miller was red hot and missed at the end - it happens!  Just kind of feel like we're in the same boat - no "superstar" and medai wondering all the time who will step up. Who will take over the game?  Who will want the ball at the end?  Both teams will figure it out...
Frank Reynolds is back 4::We need a closer. Someone who can take a shot and make in the final minutes. That is the bottom line
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Unfortunately Iggy is paid as if he is the closer. Thank you Mr. Snider. Yea Doug needs to find someone else. But in his defense I don't think we have that player.
TommyDigital13::Didnt see the game but let me guess.  Iggy tried to "take over" the game late and failed miserably...then appeared to show no emotion or personal responsibility.  am i right?
Eatin Turnips::Remember that time when Melo forced his way out of Denver so he could play on a winning team?
Frank Reynolds is back 4::I am a Sixers fan. And I have to say that was awesome for the nuggets fans.
tstruckzies6024::I guess the grass isn't always greener Melo...
tstruckzies6024::I wonder if David Stern was embarrassed with the officiating tonight, since he was at the game hopefully he saw it first hand for once.
