EdHart81::Boys im picking the nuggets and rockets to nmake it to the playoffs, yet i also think that the blazers have a little shot to get in! I wrote all about this on my blog as well as the 5 teams who have a shot and why! http://nbawagers.com/2012/04/who-will-capture-the-7th-and-8th-seeds-in-the-western-conference/
maxboltz619::FFukk the blazers, this team is gonna be a mediocre like this for many years!
eazyt_971::Well apparently alot of scumbag gamblers on here lost alot of money on this game thanks to Portland's last second 3 ball so that makes me feel a little better. However i'm still very dissapointed with Felton's 2 late turnovers. He just handed Dallas the game last night.
maxboltz619::What the fucc are u talking about felton just handed the game to Dallas last night with the last two turnovers, blazers were beat since the beginning of the game and actually Dallas almost handed the game to them by making silly mistakes at the end. did u watch the game at all?
EWinz117::mavs suck...look at the 4th qrt comeback without Aldridge.....Anyone can beat Dallas
OOHnirav::It's funny to see someone say that anyone could beat Dallas in the message board of a game where Dallas won.
BeezyBates::lol right?
Christo677::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
Christo677::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
eazyt_971::So Raymond Felton bailed out the mavs again with 2 late turnovers. Maybe Mark Cuban should be payin his salary.
Michaelprestby65::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
thenbatmm::Matt Barnes Postgame Interview!!!  PLAYER of the game!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FY3ruLx1bKg
MavsNation92::Can't wait for the postseason. Watch out for Dirk every playoff team in the West. Go Mavs!!!
CincoBrothers::And Miami looked unbeatable until we realized they are the same team in the fourth quarter.... crazy.  But doubt the Bulls can beat them yet with Rose being their only allstar and James being able to guard him.
CincoBrothers::Phoenix might find a way to sneak into the playoffs because Nash is a beast...   and they could beat the Spurs without a healthy Ginobli.
CincoBrothers::Me too unless Ginobli is playing near 100 percent.  He's a gamer.  I don't know how their record is so great when they've missed him for so many games and Duncan is playing his age.
MavsNation92::I think any playoffs team in the west could beat the spurs. I would rather face them then any other team in the west
CincoBrothers::Agreed but this year is such a toss-up...  not one team in the West seems like they really want to win.
MavsNation92::hopefully it's a repeat of the 1995 Houston Rockets
maxboltz619::CCrawford needs to be investigated as well as other blazers  players cause they seem to do this when the game is out of reach.
CBass1317::Its called padding your stats to get paid.  Not $@%!$@% with game so degenerate gamblers lose or get paid.  You guys are hopeless.
CincoBrothers::Crawford has been busted for tax fraud and gambling before....  agree with you totally.
okc and chi are bandwagoners::Mavericks = kardashians of nba
okc and chi are bandwagoners::mavs arent getting dwight or deron. brooklyn or la will get them
CincoBrothers::actually deron williams will go there...  dwight, well, anyone who pays for him is stupid.  He has no low post moves and isn't worth the money or drama he'll bring.
okc and chi are bandwagoners::You mean the Lakers screwed the Mavs out of cap-space and a 1st round pick for nothing
CincoBrothers::It was supposed to be 8.9 million coming off the Mavs cap space for a run at both Deron Williams and Dwight Howard.  Odom knew this, pouted and cried, selfishly pretending it was other things causing his skills to decline at such a rapid pace.
okc and chi are bandwagoners::Mavericks chose Khloe over Kim
CincoBrothers::Mavericks just wanted to screw with the Lakers...  Cuban didn't realize that Odom doesn't have balls and has been an overrated player his whole career who was the classic underachiever since his first season.
okc and chi are bandwagoners::like the mavericks....
CincoBrothers::They chose Oden over Durant?
CincoBrothers::Whoever gave you a thumbs up is a mongoloid.
LaFuriaRojaESPANA::he gave himself a thumbs up...claro.
CincoBrothers::The officials called the game so the game would meet the spread, it was obvious.
CincoBrothers::Portland apparently has a very good hockey team.  And it rains there a lot.  And it's in Oregon which would depress anyone.  I wonder why people live there.
Zforce301::I hope the Blazers travel plane goes down. shooting that 3 pointer when they can't even win the game......are you kidding me!?!?!? i know in sports you never give up, but that was the biggest joke ever.  Mavericks fukking suck to blow a 24 point lead to a blazers team without Aldridge. -3.5 spread.  nba basketball is a joke to bet on
Goku1985vegeta::I lost exactly the same way you lost! It hurts bad! Fucc Dallas! Fuccing f@gs! Wtf. Fuccing bs! I hate Dallas n Philly! F@gs!
dirtycash66::sorry for your loss
CincoBrothers::The Trailblazers won their only title when Bill Walton had his best season(and only missed 17 games.)  They should move or something, cause they're the trendy team every year for d-bags to pick and never win.
maxboltz619::FFukk the blazers, I think some of they're players are point shaving or follow the spread.
Zforce301::couldn't agree more
lawdawg93::Alright my fellow bretheren handicappers. 1. Get drunk. 2. Make Love. 3. Forget Portland's sh*tty @ss last second 3 then get up tomorrow and get it back.
jcihmhummy::amen i might add smoke a bowl for certain people not judging
Jonnycash29::Fu k Dallas i hope those fagz get knocked out in the 1st round...
lawdawg93::Moral of the story: DONT BET THE SPREAD OR OVER IN BASKETBALL!!!!!!!!! I wish I could recirculate earlier comments where peopel were urging me to bet those two tonight.
CBass1317::Next time you'll take the under, and bet on your team NOT to cover, and you will be saying they rigged that against you as well.  Just pathetic the amount of gamblers that don't want to take responsibility for the problems they create for themselves.
cardsfan012::go sleep now lol
dirtycash66::you can win in gambling, just not in basketball....last year i made 50k betting on football. cant wait to do it again
aster513::the problem is professional sports.  nba and nfl can be plain ridiculous to bet on sometimes
aster513::you're an idiiot.  the best gamblers around make the most money in mens cbb
cardsfan012::sure dont worry I believe you.
dirtycash66::trust me i did .
lawdawg93::I know man. I didn't make that much haha but I was somewhere up around 8 grand.
lawdawg93::Yeah I definitely want football season to start up again.
dirtycash66::not bad
TubbyTime334::Thank Goodness Mavs created some separation because Sunday will be hard to Win.
juno71::wesley matthews = ultimate troll
TubbyTime334::Only teams in Playoff Race that won were Suns and Mavs.
Goku1985vegeta::Fucc!
TubbyTime334::Almost 2011 playoffs, but not quite.
SouthMedTex::Portland Failblazers vs. Phallus Mavericks. Instant high school basketball
NikezOnMyFeet::I think about you every night.
NikezOnMyFeet::I want to put my 10 inch in your $@%.
SouthMedTex::C'Mon i thought u loved me
NikezOnMyFeet::Im gaay for you. i love you.
SouthMedTex::Gimme ur unmber homles. we can make loooooooooo
devils_rock1::you cant win in gambling...everyone who has the blazers is probably down money anyways...we are all in the same boat
lawdawg93::Me too. I made 4 grand off the Giants in the SB.
aster513::speak for yourself.  i make about 50 plays a week and am up in the past yr
aster513::i agree i am wasting time.  nothing else to do anyway
cardsfan012::50 plays is a lot..   if you dont win much, then you are wasting tme
NFC bEAST Division::I'm waiting for next season as a Mavs fan. Can't wait to see our new roster next season with Deron Williams and maybe Roy Hibberts. Lot of free agents and we have lots of cap space.
Thurmonatorrrr41::ERic Gordon!!
NFC bEAST Division::yea he would be a great pick up also
Goku1985vegeta::Damn man! Wow.
dirtycash66::i am sure a lot of guys who had -3.5 went to bed when mavs  where up by 20 thinking the game was over, money in the bank....they will be mad when they wake up..... lmao
CBass1317::Blazers are a team playing for nothing but minutes next year / contracts next year.  You can count on players to keep jacking shots right up to the buzzer to pad their own stats.  People claiming fix just don't get it.  Matthews is thinking about him self, not gamblers.
cardsfan012::i guess you are a small time player..
cardsfan012::why are you so happy lol. i wont too but its sickening for them... i already thought this was a loss
PadresChargersClippers::JJ hickson is a beast.
aster513::ffuck you jaredbriant.  be happy with your win and don't talk sshit
juno71::damn hella mad u need some ice cubes to chill yourself ?
TheHedonismBot::Grow up
juno71::#raging
aster513::what does that last statement have to do with growing up you idiiot?
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::It 's upsetting how much the Blazers let their fan base down after last year. Sorry Portland. I thought you would be a sleeper this year.
juno71::too many injuries
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::There really were. But Felton is a heart attack waiting to happen and Wallace really slowed down after the third game. Tough year.
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::I know they had issues. Sorry
aster513::so mavs got outscored by 17 in the 4th quarter?  i swear the blazers always step it up in the last minutes to cover the game or 2h spreads
CBass1317::Its true.  They don't actually want to win.  But they are a good enough team to outscore their opponent by 17 in quarter, on demand, in order to cover a spread.  That really makes sense.  SMH.
Goku1985vegeta::That was bs! Wtf! Fuccing Dallas is garbage! Be blowing big leads left and right. Geez! Fucc!
jaredbriant::u mad bro?
Thurmonatorrrr41::Yeah. He Mad.
Texas Rangers Own the American League::Calm down man. Rangers and Mavs won and that's what is all about
lawdawg93::I actually made money. Thank God there was a money line at -160.
TheHedonismBot::They won the game douch.e.  Settle down.
Thurmonatorrrr41::Wesley Mathews won!! Hahahah!!
jaredbriant::WESLEY MATHEWS U R THE FKING MAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dirk2XMVP::Mavs 3-0 since Lamar Odom left. Glad the virus is gone. Go Mavs!!!!
juno71::they need to play azubuike!
zipitedodaz10::too short of a season... well play him next season
cardsfan012::won blzers +3.5 but i am sorry for gamblers who lost. tough loss to take
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::Don't gamble on sports??
Zforce301::you ghey?
Goku1985vegeta::Fucc!
juno71::&lt;3333 Wesley Matthews
aster513::so stupid when people say "should always buy the hook"  maybe if i made 1 bet in my life i would do that.   sucker's lost juice money
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::The Liberals of the West: Calling someone pale is offensive.
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::It's not rude if you need a tan.
Goku1985vegeta::Wow.
G0AT420::wow i cant believe that.... glad i put money on blazers 2h but every 1 i know are pissed at that last bs rigged 3 ball
Zforce301::yeah it was rigged.....any other team would of let the clock burn out down 6 points with barely 3 seconds left
TheHedonismBot::rigged?  I hope you're not being serious.
Texas Rangers Own the American League::lol these betting people are getting mad
dirtycash66::TO ALL THE MAV   BETTORS ....... YOU MAD BRO?
aster513::lost 630 on that last shot y matthews...i want to ffucking kill someone right now.  sadly enough though, not my sickest loss
lawdawg93::Next time bet the money line like me. Dont listen to washed up bookies or handicappers who claim to make a living off this $@%!. They all boast better odds on spreads and overs and unders. Just play the moneyline in basketball.
jaredbriant::weeeeeeeeeeeeeee blazers +4 weeeeeeeeeeee
jcihmhummy::that was absolutely ridiculous and unnecessary by him......
juno71::umad?
Goku1985vegeta::Dallas is so fuccing lame! These f@gs went in the 4th with a 20 point lead and they let that happen! Wtf! Fucc Dallas! Fucc Wesley Mathews! Fuccing f@gs! Wow! Fml. Wtf! Omg.
lawdawg93::This is exactly why you just bet a straight up win. I rarely bet the spread in bball and NEVER the over or under...too unpredictable. Only bet the over or under in football or hockey.
lawdawg93::Actually they had a 24 pt lead.
jaredbriant::i had blazers , sucks to be u
jjensen1192::yeah he's mad
Thurmonatorrrr41::UMADBRO?
zipitedodaz10::you have issues
