Omar Indioci::The Warriors bench is simply not effective enough to hold it down in the West. They really need a back point guard. They should sign Kendall Marshall. He would fit on this team because of his passing and Mark Jackson could do a lot for his confidence. He plays a lot like Mark Jackson did in the league. GSW really doesn't have a player like him on the roster. His only downside is that he can't shoot but he is such a great passer and former lottery pick.
Robert::Nice win, but the Warriors still have ongoing issues: Bogut is under utilized on offense. - Thompson is a liability on offense. - Bazemore is not of NBA caliber. - Green is a fouling machine. - The fourth quarter continues to be the main reason Warriors lose games. - The starters are playing too many minutes. - Warriors continue to be at the bottom of the list on going to the line to shoot fouls. - Mark Jackson is not a very good coach.
Logic::Amazing how bad Bazemore is. You can not put the ball in this guys hands with any hope of running an offense with any efficiency. He can not ball handle, can not pass, does not see the floor and not a particularly good shooter. Good cheering section though.   This guy is a physically talented player with zero basketball IQ. The second unit needs to perform and this is a game where the starters could get a 4th Q rest, but guys like Bazemore make sure the other team gets back in the game and GS has to ride the horses again.
Joel::Iggy is the key to this team going anywhere...he is back  The worst quarter of the schedule is over.  The team is just getting a chance to gel and needs at least the rest of the season to do so.  All that and we are over .500 and I would say nobody should except much more at this point...anything is possible but I would sit back and enjoy the ride.
Robert::Since Barnes return from injury he has become more reliable and consistent than Thompson on both offense and defense. Take away Thompson's jumpshot and he hurts the team on offense, which has happened several times as of late. Barnes has more different ways to score plus he gets to the foul line a little more often. IMHO Barnes should start instead of Thompson.....
C.N.S.::If Golden State were an east coast team, Steve Curry would be getting MVP consideration.
Logic::The defensive energy when Iguadala is a huge difference for GS. The ball movement is better as well as he drives the lane and draws and kicks. Speights is showing signs of becoming a presence.   GS will be fine, esp when O'Neal returns.
Rainbow Dash::Man, this is awesome! I love it when the Warriors play with so much energy!
Alvordton::Love the victory and great to have Iguodala back but have to think if Evans and Davis were available, the Warrior starters would have had to log more minutes to put this one away.
Nat::We need a coach not a preacher. Leave the sermon to Sunday mornings.
