shut the front door please::Were it not for injuries this team would've had 3 straight ECF appearances and maybe even a Finals berth/championship...I don't know what it is about these injuries but I don't believe for a second that Thibs' handling of the players' minutes is the reason FIVE of our best players are out right now. Some of them are injury-prone, but the bigger issue here is conditioning. It's pretty clear very few of our guys are being properly conditioned and prepared for games, which I see as a black mark on the training staff more than anything. Just IMO. Can't wait for next year.
shut the front door please::Actually, well, I guess it's 4 of our best players and Rip.
Brad198622::Man, Gerald Wallace just fell off a cliff. What happened to that guy?
tripledouble916::how do you get outrebounded by 16 when Gibson and noah don't play
BigPhilly517::Brook Lopez
raider_tat_on_my_arm_version3::this season has been so fun i thought it would suck without rose but look how Jimmy G butler has been, his growth might not of came this soon if rose was playing this year THINK about it
Jaywashing::?  He was destined for a legitimate role in the rotation, but the surge would seem to have a lot to do with the injuries that have plagued the team (not Rose's, but Rip's, certainly, and now Belinelli, and I believe Deng was out earlier).
Jaywashing::Though I suppose your implication could be the necessity for larger contributions across the roster sans Rose, hence the surge...maybe. I don't really know.
chuckykillerdoll::JIMMY BUCKETS!!!!
i-miss-katt-mobley::i'm  impressed with  boozer,with  out  him  you  guys  blow -yes i'm  a  clipper  fan
raider_tat_on_my_arm_version3::u have no room to talk jordan hates blake and both hate cp3 hahahahhaha
Rekm35::Next season's starting line-up 1) D.ROSE 2) Jimmy Butler 3) Luol Deng 4)C.Boozer 5) Joakim Noah
raider_tat_on_my_arm_version3::did someobyd say championship with kirk and nate and gibson top 8 all we need
DatGuy8921::Jimmy Buckets and the Booze Cruise sounds like a 50s rock band.
KillaKane24::Vlad played 11 minutes and we won?  Nice!  Is it me or has Hinrich been different lately?  More aggressive?  Too aggressive? Or is he just struggling to keep up with these faster guards without fouling them?
DatGuy8921::refs have been screwing him over as of late too.
raider_tat_on_my_arm_version3::refs been hating on bulls for a while and i just dont know why
_DespicableMe_::Leave it to the Nets to follow up a good road trip by coming home and blowing a good sized lead to a team sporting its B squad.    Nice work fellas.  Not sure why JJ got 35 minutes when shooting 4-11, and Brooks played a whopping 10 minutes after a hot night.  Not like he missed a shot tonight.    I'd play Brooks off of potential alone.  Especially this year.   Maybe move JJ to the 3, and bring Wallace off the bench with Blatche and Watson.
ChicagosFinest91::All aboard the Booze Cruise!!
Jaguarcrazyboy::Big win by the Bulls... Boozer is on fire.
KillaKane24::If he can keep this up in the playoffs, win or lose...I'll be a fan.  I can't trust him yet until that happens.  Otherwise, keep bringing it Booze!
whatsanoa::PJ has to return to being an asst. ASAP. His management of this roster is horrible, especially that of Brooks. Not sure who Nets look for the HC position, but Carlisemo is not the man for this team.
_DespicableMe_::Van Gundy.    We can hope right?
This_Guy1::I saw the final minute of the game. I think we were lucky to come back, but a win is a win, and GG Nets.
jeditig::NBA dead last. More stats just relased on average american sports attendance. NHL still leading over NBA in average ttendance per game again this year. 3 years in a row now. In fact, the NBA is dead last (NFL, MLB, MLS, NHL, NBA). Chicago top attendance for both NBA and NHL.   NHL: 17,456 average, 21 of 30 teams over 95% Capacity (2009 was 17,460)  NBA: 17,273 average, 12 of 30 teams over 95% Capacity (2009 was 17,620)    Look, the NBA is more on the popular sport, but the NHL is more balanced. The NBA is all about thier big markets and they care less about Phoenix, Memphis, Toronto, etc. and their steady drop in attendance is proving that. The NHL is more balanced, they only have 4 teams under 90% capacity, while the NBA has 12. last year it was 5 NHL teams and 11 in the NBA.    Surprisingly, the MLS passed both in 2012 with over 18k in average attendance.
whatsanoa::What does this have to do with anything pertaining to the Nets-Bulls game?  Seriously, no one cares about attendance and stuff on a game board, post this in DD or something.
jeditig::Chicago is first for both sports
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::Perhaps you'd like to list out TV revenue for this bogus comparison. It wont seem so close then.
jeditig::this is about attendance, you want to do revenue, go ahead, i said the NBA is more popular, especially on TV, but their in game attendance is dropping steadily year over year since 2002, which is a big concern for them.  How to get peeps at the arena.
tim4w5::Nets were healthy and Bulls were in a straitjacket with injuries!!!! wow this team is amazing. Go Bulls
SECFan2002::Yet not good enough for D. Rose.... Go figure.
tim4w5::Can someone please tell me how the Bulls were able to win!!!!?! I'm lost of words
spaceicecream::Murica happened...................
chuckykillerdoll::U mad bro?
But It Was 99 Cents::jimmy buckets and boozer took care of the situation
herrlutz::5 bench points and 4 points from the 2 starting forwards. that damn d-will!
Chicago Is The Best Handsdown::GET ON THE BOOZE CRUISE!!
trza49er23::Can we please give my man some respect?  I mean damn, we all bash him so hard all year, but the guy has had some HUGE games this season when the team really needed them.  Booze cruise baby!
KillaKane24::He'll get respect from me when he plays like this in the playoffs.
shut the front door please::This is the Boozer that needs to stick around. This is a Boozer that I wouldn't mind paying 16 mil a year for...unfortunately, regression to the mean is still a thing.
atownlivin::Long as it goes in he could be as stiff as a block of wood. As long as it goes in.
.Said No One Ever::I still don't like the way he moves on the court. He's bulky and has nothing to show for it. Look at how he goes up for dunks and his footwork is not that great. I'm not really impressed with Boozer's game. He can hit that turnaround fadeaway, but even when he's doing that, he looks "stiff".
Ameero80::How the $@%! did marshon brooks only get 10 mins after his performance last night? J is clueless
chuckykillerdoll::Meanwhile Jimmy Buckets is developing quite well. Lol
jgman87::When ur young inconsistent can happen., but the Bkn coaches have been awfl with his development.  2-8 mins a game, then 30, then a week of barely playing, then 2 starts.......    Way to help a young mans confidence.  Marshon &gt; JJ.  Dude can score.  Play the ability and develop it and quit putting your most expensive lineup out there.
Kit Ramsey::Because he's inconsistant and overrated, and the coach knows it.
i-miss-katt-mobley::the nets blow,they have no bench,no heart,no IQ,1st round exit 4 these suckers,give props to the bulls
Ontario925::The Bulls are the most difficult team to beat outside of the Heat and Pacers in the EC. They are a lot better than what their record shows in the EC Standings. A lot of people forget that it wasn't the Heat who finished with the best record in the EC last year but the Bulls.  The Bulls are just couple new added very good players away from giving the Heat and the rest of the NBA a big challenge of their lives.
shut the front door please::They're tough when healthy...but if we're not healthy then we're just a tough out and nothing more. And by "tough out", I mean a tough 4- or 5-game series, like the one we had with Miami two years ago.
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::griner &gt; lebron
23 Fierce 23::Griner &gt; Kobe
ron953::Bosh had his home burglarized while he was away for his birthday party and $340K in rings, watches and purses taken, He must be so pissed about his stolen purses!!
dabulls2012::Is there a bigger pansy in the NBA than Bosh? Never seen a C/PF thrown to the ground like a rag doll by a PG like Kirk Hinrich did to him last week...was in the Jimmy Butler alley-oop poster in the same game too...dude had 4 boards as the tallest guy on the floor the whole game...kinda like Brooke Lopez' 5 boards tonight...as Stacey King says "get in the weight room!"
ron953::green_plastic - http://instntrply.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/boshflop.gif  Bosh and the Heat players are the masters of flopping
green_plastic::http://instntrply.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/boshflop.gif
ron953::Bosh is the softest player in the NBA and I knew that after he cried a couple seasons ago after a loss to Chicago in the regular season
j_blaze1::Didn't see the game but it would seem that Brooks should get more than 10 min... Play him with JJ...
green_plastic::anyone notice the attempted flop by deron williams on the last shot by lopez? haha
dabulls2012::So glad the NBA is doing such a great job dolling out all those flopping fines...Shane Battier either has epilepsy or is the biggest flopper in the NBA...ain't been fined as far as I know
wilcox1232::they only fine players with no name recognition to the casual player. Don't wanna upset the players association
geeman217::Dude was flopping all over the place all night.  Thought he was a European for a minute
305Art::Last 3 Nets plays of the game:  Lopez bad pass [stolen] Lopez miss [shot blocked] Lopez 3 pointer missed  Thanks from Chicago Brook!
dabulls2012::Nice 5 boards too Brooke!
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TX7oYvAhhTI  your average lebron fanboy
DatGuy8921::Lopez I know you scored 28 points, but getting 5 rebounds is paltry.  This is one big reason why we beat Brooklyn.
Rezo201::No, you beat us because we turned the ball over NINE times in the 4th quarter alone..
WeAreMarquette 3.0::Jimmy BUTLAAAA
WeAreMarquette 3.0::reppin MU
Rezo201::Someone needs to tell Brook to stop wearing those Adidas. All these players are dropping like flies wearing Adidas. Stick to Nike.
Mdubu21::WE AINT SCARED OF EM BULLS, Lakers still can beat there mark if they win the rest of there gamess yo
Sean88142::You should just worry about making the playoffs.
Area55andG2::Thanks Chicago for winning tonight so the Pacers have the opportunity to win the Central Division against OKC at home
ATownBrown08::Chicago won? Good... good...  I want them in that 5th seed. And I don't like Brooklyn anyways.
dabulls2012::I think the stat of the game is Brooke (added e on purpose) Lopez' 5 whole rebounds...WOW!
Henry52378::THIS BULLS TEAM NEVER HAD A 3 GAME LOSING STREAK THIS YEAR BUT THEY HAD ALOT OF PLAYERS HURT THREW OUT THE SEASON
ThomsonAndThomson::They threw out the season? LOL.
Henry52378::IF D. ROSE &amp; NOAH EVEN RIP ALSO GIBSON WAS HEALTHY THIS YEAR THE BULLS RECORD WOULD BE 56-18 FIGHTING FOR THE NUMBER 1 SEED! WIT ALL THESE PLAYERS HURT THEY STILL FINDS A WAY TO WIN BIG GAMES. THATS JUST A GOOD COACH ON THERE SIDELINES AND LAST YEAR OFFSEASON MOVES BY PICKING UP NATE ROBINSON AND MARCO
-Lalabye-::marcos injured too.
Nayrock10::I don't care about the Nets or the Bulls all I am saying every games matter to make it to the playoff that all.GOODNIGHT ALL
ChicagooBearss::How can people hate on the bulls, were playing without Noah, belleneli, rip,Taj, and the big one d rose yet we just executed a great game against a higher seed team at their own home. I don't see how there is room  to bash chicago
Kit Ramsey::Because they are scared, that's why.
Sean88142::There isn't. Just haters. You take that much talent away from Miami, and they're a below .500 team.
Marshallv84::Crazy how well the Bulls play with so many injuries, Coaches are key!   ... Wish D'Antoni would takes notes!   DWill looks back in form as well
the bomb31::Besides the first quarter this was a very good basketball game. The Bulls played with heart and everyone stepped up. Boozer stepped up on both ends of the court and just couldn't be stopped. Deng at some points was very quiet but somepoints played well down low. Jimmy Butler and Nazr really stepped up though. Jimmy continues to improve and just is unbelievable at both ends. He can score, rebund, and guard their best player. And Nazr stepped up big time. When it came down to it he stopped lopez at the end of the game when it big time. His defense at the end of the game was great. Go Bulls!
ChicagooBearss::His jump shot keeps getting better too, its crazy
Game-Predictions::IM loving the way jimmy has played as of late as well!
Game-Predictions::ITT Tech will beat University of Pheonix in the NCAA final. Book it
Lt. Dengerous::that's a bold prediction
Jackiemoonsexy::<b>Jimmy Buckets and the Booze Cruise </b>
grepilgr::I can't believe Knicks fans are actually talking trash about the Bulls lol I can understand Heat fans since they are the reigning champions but the Knicks. As a New Yorker myself the Bulls would sweep the Knicks if both teams were healthy come playoffs if they faced each other. I mean come on the Bulls Bench could beat the Knicks starting Lineup.
Nayrock10::Wrong but it ok the Knicks have 1 more game with the bulls right.
grepilgr::Yeah and it's at home, the Bulls will play the Knicks like they played the Heat with the crowd electrifying the Bulls every step of the way. You think cause you have K-Mart that ya'll could actually beat the Bulls. I will repeat it again, regardless how well the Knicks play the rest of the season they do not want to play the Bulls in the playoffs.
Game-Predictions::Got some mad Knicks fans in here. Go celebrate your win streak and and stop trying to start arguments on here. But as a bulls fan I'd much rather play Brooklyn than NY in the first round,
Sean88142::I have no preference, b/c Chicago can beat either without Rose.
raider_tat_on_my_arm_version3::Y the knickknicksnot me rather pla
Nayrock10::How dumb can people be on here, why say if don't matter when you have to win games to make the playoff.really do you know how stupid that sounds .every win matter or you would not go to the PLAYOFF
B906::I dont think Bulls are better than the Knicks just matchup problems.
Sean88142::You got it backwards. The Knicks have the matchup problems with the Bulls, not the other way around. Have you watched the games they've played. Chicago owns NY.
grepilgr::What you stated was an opinion which is completely irrelevant in the Playoffs. I know for a fact Knicks don't wan't to play the Bulls in the Playoffs no matter how confident Knicks fans feel.
FoxKat93::lol. Match up problems that has difficult for them to correct.
ohedoh::I was never a big Nate Robinson fan throughout the early part of his career.  But for this Bulls team, starving for offense, he's a useful player.  He should be signed again for next year as a backup just in case Rose decides to play.
-Lalabye-::You don't think he's going to play next year ... That's pathetic.
Nayrock10::No 1 told you the Heat own the NBA lol
