Plant Peterson::Easy win for the Cats, Howard is no match for Biyombo's wing span. Walker and Jefferson combine for 51. As the Cats win 119-87
Aaron Manuel::Cool story, bro. There only two things to look forward to if you're a Kittens fan - Jalen Rose's prediction that Jordan will suit up for one game in Kitten colors and the eventual name change to Hornets next season. To date, the only big victory for the Roberts is that they signed Jefferson, which is in and of itself says so much about this woebegone franchise.
Taylor Schoppa::wait................is this guy serious?
David Zaga::BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA OH MAN! I love a good laugh!
Denzel Boksingero::Lin in, Howard out! LOL. McHale too afraid with the deadly Howard-Lin combo.
David Han::Rockets will win 120-59
Jeff Nathan::The Rockets could score 120, but their defense will allow more than 59 points. I think 110-89 is more realistic.
T.c. Brown::Today is the day people realize Houston is only a contender on paper. Howard isn't what he used to be and in reality isn't THAT MUCH of an upgrade over Asik. The problems that existed for the Rockets last year are still there.
Goerge Hyde::Are they?  What do you suppose those problems are?    They were deficient in post defense last season.  Howard is probably the best post defender in the league.  Houston lacked scoring from the 4 position.  At least for now, Howard is starting as the 4 alongside Asik.  Seems that's an upgrade at the 4.  Point Guard?  Yeah, Lin hasn't been as great as the front office had hoped for but, he certainly hasn't been bad.  Beverley however showed in the playoffs that he's probably an upgrade at that position...
Denzel Boksingero::Howard's offense rendered meaningless because Harden is sucking. A bad game like this deserve a Harden benching, but Harden is too valuable to be benched. The offense sucks right now. The game's best player (Cisco Garcia) is still on the bench. A coach that would do anything to win should bench Harden and put in Garcia. And utilize the Howard-Lin combo. Lin or Beverly can't do anything if Harden wants to control the ball all the time.
Brady Simon::Harden was hurt
Matt Pilkington::It's one game, bro.  Calm down.  Early season jitters
Denzel Boksingero::Hats off to DWIGHT HOWARD, CISCO GARCIA AND JEREMY LIN. They were the ones who really rescued the Rockets from a horrible loss to the lowly Bobcats. Harden's 16 points---that was a bail-out. Harden sucked and contributed a lot to the early struggle. If he had been benched, the Rockets could have led by as much as 40 points, with Cisco on fire.
Steven Anacker::It wasn't Harden's best game, but you sound like you have a grudge against him. Ever since the game started.
Brady Simon::Steven Anacker For some reason Denzel thinks having a superstar is a bad thing, he also thinks they should have good games every game
Denzel Boksingero::Steven, what I wanted is a good chemistry between Harden and Lin because that chemistry contributed a lot the Rockets' dominant performance against elite NBA teams. But Harden simply does not respect Lin's contribution to the Rockets.  Last season really showed that.
Josh Jordan::Not a Rockets fan at all, but they do need to be relevant again. Good luck to yall this season  sincerely a mavs fan
James Garcia::Thanks, bro. That's really appreciated coming from a Mavs fan.
Joel Mook::Rockets by 14.
Rajondo Pierre::GO ROCKETS!
Denzel Boksingero::The bench particularly Cisco and Jeremy rescued the Rockets. Now, Garcia is doing significant damage. Howard at his best element in rebounding. The other starters are not doing too good against the lowly Bobcats.
Denzel Boksingero::Harden is shooting much better now because Lin is in the game. The opposing team can't give all their defense to Harden knowing that Lin is still a reasonable threat.
Brady Simon::No it's because Asik was out.
Denzel Boksingero::Brady Simon , LOL. First time I heard that Harden struggles because of Asik. You're a comedian, right?
Denzel Boksingero::McHale would not pair Lin and Dwight Howard:it's too deadly and might resurrect Lin's battered reputation.
David Chen::Jeremy Lin coming out with a vengence and leads the team with 8 points, 4 foul shots, and 1 three hit, LOL
Brady Simon::That's the point. A 6th man is supposed to come out and be instant offense
Law Bruin::Jeremy looked very good off the bench tonight. Looks like McHale woke up the BEAST in JLin 7!!
Denzel Boksingero::Lin plays much better when he has a grudge to settle: he had good games against the Knicks, Golden State Warriors.
William Pillow::Howard and Asik combined for 40 rebounds....are you kidding me..??
Grant Coleman::GO BOBCATS!!
Ryan Fairfield::Rockets win 124 - 68
Darnell UhatemebcusIclownyou Jackson::Only reason it won't be dat bad is becus rockets starters might sit 2nd half with game being out of reach anyway
T.c. Brown::Lmao. Man. People talking crazy. All I can say is don't kill yourselves when it's over.
Goerge Hyde::T.c. Brown, Let's say Charlotte does win.  It's certainly possible.  But, (0-1) isn't the end of the season for Houston barring significant injury.
Josh Schwartz::Well, it's not that pretty, but a win is a win. Howard is killing the boards and looks very impressive. Of course the Rockets have a few things to work on, but I think it was a decent first outing.
Jonathan Gay::Rockets have 2 of the top 5 rebounders in the league (Both statistically and skills) with a great run and gun back court that can shoot 3s. That's killer.
Dave Gigante::WOW is all I can say. If Rocket Man (what a stupid nickname) stays this motivated and pain free, watch out Western Conference.
Steven Anacker::Are we stuck with that nickname, or are people just trying it out? I agree. It's lame.
Emerald Snow::The Rockets will win over 50 games this year.  They will finish 1st in the West and make it all the way to the NBA Finals.
Ryan Richards::Said no one ever
Steven Anacker::Ryan Richards Said someone 5 hours ago.
Arrum Ghast::Looks like Howard is a dominate force in this league along with Lin and Omer.
Denzel Boksingero::Where is Cisco Garcia? Why is the sucking Harden still running the show?
Brady Simon::BECAUSE CISCO CAN'T CREATE HIS OWN SHOT! He benefits when someone is drawing his defender. My goodness you don't know basketball
Denzel Boksingero::Brady Simon, Cisco was on fire with Harden out. Are you blind?
Travis Sebastian Kirkman::Can't wait for Hack-A-Howard  to start and Houston fans start to hate Dwight....
Steven Anacker::Then they put the ball in Harden's hands. Problem fixed.
Travis Sebastian Kirkman::People will still Hack Howard if he doesn't have the ball
Ray Khan::Steven Anacker then Dwight complains about not getting the ball enough......new problem arises
Marisa Holzman::So our run to a ring begins today. Go Rockets!!!!!!
Kenson Kwok::A new trolling season begins!!
Steven Anacker::No kidding. Last year it was mostly about Lin. This year, Howard. Whatever. It's going to be a great year for the Rockets.
