GetEmJov::As I spurs fan, I personally think the Jazz are a tougher draw for us then the suns or rockets because their Front Court Rotation can Play.  Gordan Hayward is going to be a great player and Devin Harris is solid but Ill still Take my spurs in the series cause of our Backcourt, deeper bench, and outside shooting.  But I tell you what, You Jazz fans are gonna have a very very scary team over the next couple of years and are set up good for the future.
Raymie181818::Anybody know where I can watch the full game?
thawhiz47::Anybody else notice that we seem to be using more and more of a Jerry Sloan type pick and roll offense?  I don't know if I'm just imagining things, but it sees we are starting to grasp some of the concepts we used to live off of.  Was a little harsh on Harris earlier in the year.  He just seemed out of place, but as of late he seems to have found it.  He, along with Hayward, and Favors are playing some great basketball.
ofaixa::I'm really impressed with Demarre Carrol. Better than CJ and Howard.
higgibop23::miles is
Cameron63418::Howard is awful! We never should have picked him up. Get him off the team. He is there worst player by far
lll__::we always knew it would take time for the team to gel -- both together and under coach corbin.  i didn't really understand why there was trade talk about harris. the only pieces that don't fit are miles and bell.
lll__::and jefferson because he don't play no D
unknownmonkey26::I gotta say, I'm liking this big man line up that Coach Corbin has been using of late.  When the matchup  is right, Millsap is going to use and abuse those small forwards out there.
codeblu99::SVG, I LUV YOU MAN!  You are absolutely on target for calling out the GROWN MEN that play for you.  If they can't handle the TRUTH, they don't belong in the NBA!
so3icy::interested in where Steve Nash might land next year? find out :  http://thenaykedtruth.blogspot.com/2012/04/steve-nash-chronicles-perfect-fit.html
ofaixa::Orlando eh? It could happen.
tcccfrom713::its 10:05am and Utah still sucks
ofaixa::you mad bro?
72jungle::It's 9:46 am here in Utah.  I look out my window at two stunning mountain ranges, snowcapped peaks.  The trees have turned green and the sky is crystal clear blue.   I just returned from Asia / Europe / California, a 6 week business trip.    After seeing lots of the world, I know I live in a paradise.  Reasonable housing prices, safe neighborhoods, good schools, good people, gorgeous scenery.  And the Jazz beat the Magic to top it off.  It sucks to be tcccfrom713.
boardorbust::Only the people smart enough to realize it and live here.
tcccfrom713::who cares
van.muhle::so angry, so sad
adam_keefe_fan_forever::SVG's comments indicate he is a bad coach. Who would want to play for someone who publicly insults his players like that?
Rogelio90::I agree 100% he throws his players under the bus...BIG TIME!!! I don't think he'll be coaching the Magic next season..I'll be very shocked...
davidjlyon::Jazz played hard - good game and good victory.  Two comments - Hayward almost lost this game - with his 6 turnovers - driving into the lane at the wrong time, taking wild shots, throwing balls away on limply making simple passes.  Sometimes I wonder if he has a brain.   He has to get more consistent and get his head in the  game - he lost a couple of earlier games with his boneheaded play and his play may keep the Jazz out of the playoffs.  He has talent but he has to shape his game to only take advantage of the opportunities when they presesnt themselves - he's not playing for Butler anymore.     Second, look at the under when Carroll was in the game - he was a detriment just being on the floor.  When he played they couldn't guard Orlando on the perimeter - and Ryan Anderson was eating anyone's lunch who was guarding him.  Kudos to Coach Corbin for putting Favors in the game and on Anderson - so with this lineup and CJ and Howard out why not have Carroll come off the bench and get half the minutes he has been getting and start Favors and let Favors play 35-40 minutes.
influencespencer@gmail.com::Honestly though, only one big for the Jazz shows hard against the pick n roll and that is Favors. Hayward doesn't defend it well either unless he's on the shooter/dribbler. The screen/roll is tough to guard when it starts as high as Jameer runs it. Favors admitted after the game that even HE was worn out from trying to stop it all night.
nallad47::If you know nothing about basketball do not comment. You want to know who almost lost us the game?? Jefferson. His defense is PUTRID. That is what is going to lose the games in the playoffs. Jefferson has been in this league for how long?? He can not play pick and roll defense!! Maybe if our interior defense was better our perimeter defense would not have to sag down. EVERYONE on the team knows he sucks at defense so why cant the coach see that and teach him?? Is that not his job?? When the other coach says that he is going to run the pick and roll the whole game cause Jefferson can not guard it you think that is a mistake??? NO
72jungle::nallad, you are insane
nallad47::Plus two of those Hayward turnovers were Burks knocking the ball out of his hands..
tcccfrom713::who cares
openminded43::Magic win this game if Earl Clark was available!!!
MRArtman2u::most likely yes
openminded43::What the F' is wrong with a Coach being honest with his players??? He's not there to massage EGO's...... he's there to COACH A DAMN TEAM!!! If you can't take criticism you shouldn't be out there in the first place!!! The WEAK can go ELSEWHERE!!! WIMPS!!!
knicks_11::just three more loses. Magic. while my knicks go 3-0 :)
Cashmon3y88::Knicks gonna play the heat in the first round.  It's over for you b.i.t.c.h.e.s LOL
openminded43::Knicks aren't going anywhere...... CALM DOWN FOOL!!!
knicks_11::ok!!!!!!
openminded43::That's already been determined!!!
knicks_11::so is the magic..
pbwiili::For all you SVG fans out there, your man is again dumping on his team saying "they cannot guard". His job is to install a defense and to coach it, therefore he cannot coach! Dump all you want on Dwight but he's right and you should know it. And again Nelson cannot come through when needed. Dwight is right again. The Magic have no point guard. We can blame Otis for that. And Dwight is right again and again and again!
influencespencer@gmail.com::The Magic should have compensated in the backcourt for a lack of frontcourt. The Jazz are severly depleted in the backcourt...but they found a way to win.  No excuses
MRArtman2u::magic had 3 guys out who were all 6' 10" or taller.  that was the difference
fliptide....::<i>Van Gundy also had harsh words for backup center Daniel Orton, who contributed only two points off the bench.  "Daniel gave us nothing," Van Gundy said. "He went for every shot fake, he fouled every time.</i>  Why throw a guy under the  bus?  You NEVER GIVE HIM ANY GAME TIME MINUTES, then act surprised when he acts like..... (wait for it).... ..... ACTS LIKE A GUY WHO NEVER GETS ANY GAME TIME MINUTES???
Crazy Celtic Fan::Guess what? Jazz did win by 10 !?!
nicksumas1965::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month 3 straight months now following this system. I found it by Google searching the words "sports betting system" it was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting  this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that works and is tired of not winning their bets like I once was
candycandyYOU::damnn they need this  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zj60UBZmX8c
seborn10::Energy Solutions Arena.  Loudest/AWESOME Arena in NBA?
GreenDragoon38::Utah barely got by the Magic without Howard. They will get crushed in the playoffs like they always do. They're the best of the worst every year.
MRArtman2u::lol, wrong, other way around. magic will be fine with or without him, they can reload next summer. dwights got no hold on the magic whatsoever. but keep buying into that
soccergarcon::Worst of the best seems more correct. Since they're making it into the playoffs.
TskeTch33::at least our team has hope for the future. dwight is going to dismantle orlando
MBC32AMG350Z::One win and were in. Regardless what you haters want to say, let's look at facts. Last year we lost a hall of fame coach, then traded the franchise player. One season later, with no training camp, a truncated schedule, and so called experts picking us to do nothing, to finish dead last in the west, and here we are. One win away. We may not go far in the playoffs, but we have a bright future. What can you say about a small market team like Utah? Since 84, no consecutive seasons, 2 finals appearances, 24 playoff appearances, etc. teams may say rebuilding and be rebuilding for years to come. We rebuild on the fly, draft smart, and immediately were a dangerous team. Haters can hate, but I want to say, how do you like us know. Here we are again, fighting for the playoffs, just like always. Say what you want, but the Utah Jazz are a model franchise that is always going to fight to the end and will never give up. Coach Corbin and crew deserve tons of credit. From being picked to finish dead last in to the West to 34 wins with 2 games to go and a win against Phoenix on Tuesday night assures them a spot in the playoffs.
GreenDragoon38::How do you like us know. Like us know. Us know. Know.
MBC32AMG350Z::Yes we are. Like us or not, we will always be one of the best teams in the West. Have been since 1984, no reason to change know.
seborn10::WE ARE UTAH JAZZ
Eric62748::Hayward had a rough game. 6 TO's. The Jazz as a whole played smart basketball. Only 8 TO's ALL GAME! 6 for Hayward alone. 2 turnovers for the rest of the team is fantastic
seborn10::Orlando did a great job on the 3-Pointers, that team is very talented, but I noticed that they started to get worn out and started to make some big mistakes that cost them the game.  Good job Jazz on a HUGE win.  You guys earned it.
boardorbust::Live by the 3 and die by the 3....and they did.  They were gassed .  The Jazz ran with them and beat them at their own game.  This is why these unidimensional 3 point bombing teams only go so far in the playoffs.  It is a weapon but these coaches and team think that you can win just bombing 3's and playing no defense.  Talk to Mike Da Antoni about how that strategy has worked out for him.  The Jazz will take a 3 if they are open but they don't run their offenisve sets to shoot them.  The Magic looked like the lethal shooters and yet the scoreboard says the Jazz scored 117 points.  Pound it inside and get the higher % shots and THEN kick it out for an open look if the inside is not available.  Too many of these teams have it backward...and they lose because of it.
KeithDTN::Orlando... poor Magic.  This is one of the best teams when Howard and the Turk are healthy.  Considering all of the on and off court distractions, Van Gundy has coached well all season
Chris31708::Lol Turkoglu has been terrible since the year he was traded to Toronto.
rbmw263::holy sh.it this has been going on for like two hours
seborn10::Big Baby Davis had more FALLS than Points.
hurricaneharris7::Baby fall down go BOOM
lisektosoid73::Congrats Utah !  Good win.
hurricaneharris7::The Minnesota "Lost-Our-Season-When-Our-Spanish-Guy-Who-Can't-Shoot-Worth-A-Lick-Tore-His-ACL"
To many LeBron trolls::Jazz win!
Eric62748::you guys are all $h.itheads. Get your head out and start talking about basketball. The Jazz play great when Favors is at the 4 and Millsap is at the 3. It has worked well whenever we have tried it. Favors needs the minutes.
ShakedownSt1::*Too
KeithDTN::Guy above me $@% when the Jazz won tonight
ShakedownSt1::Guy above me can't even spell his username correctly.
dewdude9000::what's wrong with that?!?!?!?! :D
ShakedownSt1::No, I just bother dweebs like you with it..
To many LeBron trolls::Guy above me jacksoff to horse sex.
hurricaneharris7::The Utah "It's 1:16 in the morning and I have nothing else better to do that make up ridiculous names for NBA teams on an ESPN message board's"
OptimusPrime7.0::ORLANDO SHOULD OF WON THIS GAME
floreezie::it's should've, not should of
KeithDTN::Jazz fought hard all game and the best team won.  What a game.. the should've could've,  would've wont work in the NBA.
Eric62748::Should HAVE, or Should've. People please educate yourselves.
nicksumas1965::Utah sucks no one wants them in the playoffs, thank god they play the suns who own the jazz
MBC32AMG350Z::If Utah sucked so damn bad, why are we the only franchise to never have had consecutive losing seasons since 1984, 24 playoff appearances, etc. I guess your sick and tired of seeing Utah in the damn playoffs, 24 times since 1984 that you have to say they suck. Well, suck on this, one win, we're in. Simple as that.
hurricaneharris7::No one wants them in the playoffs because no one wants to face them OR their home crowd.
To many LeBron trolls::They have SVG for a coach haha.
MRArtman2u::yes, top 5 coach in the nba  corbin looks terrible
ShakedownSt1::http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/too
TubbyTime334::Red Sox Pitcher From 2004?
ofaixa::Utah too goods
ShakedownSt1::http://www.clearasil.us/
xXSmOkIn_KuShXx::The Milwaukee Ducks
TubbyTime334::The Phoenix McCains
To many LeBron trolls::Guy below me is a porn spammer and talks to himself.
ShakedownSt1::*Too
ShakedownSt1::Learn how to spell after you're finished flagging me.
hurricaneharris7::The San Diego Burgundy's
hurricaneharris7::News Team..... ASSEMBLE!................. Hey, Ron.
ofaixa::She was Brazilian or Chinese or something weird.
ofaixa::It has pieces of real panther in it... So you know it's good.
hurricaneharris7::The stench is pungent. It stings the nostrils. I wont lie, it smells like pure gasoline.
hurricaneharris7::60% of the time, it works everytime.
ofaixa::I'm not even mad. That's amazing!
hurricaneharris7::You ate the whole wheel of cheese?
Millslapped::The Cleveland this-team-will-suck-because-it's-in-cleveland
hurricaneharris7::The Cleveland LeBron's-Best-Teammate-Was-Fricking-Mo-Williams-No-Wonder-He-Left's
hurricaneharris7::The UConn ESPN's
xXSmOkIn_KuShXx::The Boston Celd.icks
ofaixa::The Miami No Balls
xXSmOkIn_KuShXx::The Miami Band-wagoners
To many LeBron trolls::All the good teams have band wagoners.
ShakedownSt1::*Too
hurricaneharris7::The Oklahoma Tornado. That would have been legit.
TubbyTime334::The Cleveland Burn Lebron Jerseys
hurricaneharris7::The Cleveland I'm-Burning-My-$300-Mitchell-And-Ness-Wine-And-Gold-Throwback-LeBron-Cavs-Jersey's
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::The Cleveland Burn Down This Junk Heap Of A City
To many LeBron trolls::The OKC why in the hell are we in OKCs
ShakedownSt1::*Too
ShakedownSt1::Totally, bro. Check this out:    http://horsecumshot.net
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Ya don't say?
Millslapped::Porn.
Millslapped::Utah 127 hours
TubbyTime334::The Sacramento Schwing
ofaixa::New Orleans Hurricanes
Millslapped::too late
xXSmOkIn_KuShXx::The Kansas City Q.ueefs instead of Chiefs
hurricaneharris7::The OKC First-Dumb-Move-In-4-Years-By-Signing-Fisher's
hurricaneharris7::The LA Held-Onto-Fisher-Way-Too-Long's
ShakedownSt1::Totally, bro. Check this out:  http://horsecumshot.net
ofaixa::It's too bad Fisher ditched the Jazz like he did.
Jazzfan876::The LA Odom-Ruined-Dallas-For-Us's
TubbyTime334::The Sacramento Blings
To many LeBron trolls::LA Floppers and LA Fockers
