Ricky Rodriguez::Boston is the best 1st Q. team in the NBA...LOL!!!
Aaron Cohen::Nice come from behind win by the Wizards. Way to keep the winning streak going. Nice to have a decent Wizards team again. It's been a long whole.
Tony Hartmann::Washington fans deserve a good team.
Aaron Cohen::Thank you Tony. I've suffered through over 30 years as a fan of the Bullets/Wizards. I'm a die hard fan who refuses to switch to another team. I've seen 5-6 playoff appearances in that time frame. So hopefully this is the sign of changing times for the better.
Tony Hartmann::Aaron Cohen Bravo to your dedication. I'm a Minnesota sports fan, so I know how you feel.
Chris Smith::Wow Sullinger is the most un-athletic looking fatty I've seen playing in Boston since that big baby guy
Chelo Mejias::He's way more athletic than you could ever dream to be
Colin Uza::Sullinger is the future of the Celtics at the moment. He has serious potential.  GO RAPS!
Chris Smith::You're high bro why don't you look at my profile before you open that pathetic hole in your face
Nich Obert::The Celtics were 16-21 on jumpers from 16-23 feet at one point. Wizards didn't bite and overdefend that crappy shot, the Celtics eventually trended back towards something more sustainable, and DCs superior players won out.  Not a collapse for the Cs so much as they ran up the score by playing an unsustainable brand of ball. If the Wiz had panicked and started sending doubles after 20 foot jumpers they would have lost. They smartly just tried to buckle down and weather the barrage until it inevitably cooled off.  Rare well coached game from Wittman. Wiz won't be a top 5 D like they were last year when they had Okafor, but the d is starting to look well coached and respectable
Nich Obert::I love how John Wall has made Trevor Ariza into a quality player. Walls ability to get guys open shots in their favorite places to shoot  only trumped by Paul and Rondo. His instincts In regards to how to get his own points are kinda wonky, but god he has a strong point guard gene for being as athletic as he is.
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::Tough loss for the c's, matter of fact...second tough loss in a row...I'd like to see faverani get more touches...too many long jumpers by our bigs
Anthony J Petroff::....how's a starting NBA point guard have zero assists ?
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::Anthony J Petroff   Bradley is the SG, Craw-daddy is the PG
Chelo Mejias::Celtics are becoming known for blowing big leads, Brad Stevens is too nice...i'd be calling players out
Joseph Giardina::Eh, thats what comes along with being a young team.  The inconsistency.  Hopefully they grow out of it
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::Joseph Giardina   I want to see how this team plays when Rondo is dishing out 18 assists per game
Nich Obert::Every team blows leads. The NBA is a game of runs.
Nich Obert::Wiz might tie their road victory total from last year today, right?  Maybe they won 7 on the road last year..
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::LOL.. everytime boston lead big .. put a million bucks on the other team money line .. youll be a millionaire
Bobby Williams::if the wizards can get the threes goin against a good perimeter defnse of the C's then the Wizards will win by ten
Zach Batizy::Crappy start for my Wiz, but at least we are making a mini comeback behind the legendary Seraphin!
Andrew Lipto::KEEP LOSING BOSTON!!--WE NEED JABARI!
Andrew Lipto::Alex Doub I think you're right--but a guy can dream--I'll take Embiid though
Mike Burke::Andrew Lipto C's aren't getting a top pick. this is probably a playoff team maybe as 8 seed. Unless they can Brad Stevens and rule Rondo out for entire season. (or what I would prefer--and what I would do if I somehow won GM for a day -- release or trade Rondo. I'd literally release him. Give him his walking papers. I hate Rondo that much. He's a douchebag.
Mike Burke::Alex Doub I honestly hate the C's. So I would prefer they make the playoffs as the 8 seed and get caught in NBA purgatory. thats what I want.
Jeff Brown::OK, we warm up on the Wizards before we pound Indiana. Oh, sorry, thought this was 2008
Ernie Doten::Celtics suck lets go pellicans
John Jones::First! Celtics win.
Josh Elliot Chaimson::IDK about them winning but it should be a good game. Both have something to prove  this year.
John Jones::Josh Elliot Chaimson They are at home, between these two teams I would pick the home team every time.
Bobby Hney::John Jones put your lunch money up
Matt Elmore::The Wizards have disappointed me so far. They have a solid roster and play in a weak Eastern Conference, but they haven't made any separation between them and the rest of the pack. I would've liked to see them a few games over .500 at this point (i.e. 15-10 or 16-9) and maybe make a play at home-court in the first round, but they have been so erratic in the early going that maybe they're just not that good and this is their ceiling
Gary Bush::you must not watch the wiz cause you'd know they have had to play many games without their starters (i.e. Nene, Beal, Ariza) and are only 1 game below 500
Matt Elmore::Gary Bush no excuse really IMO. with starters out, you need to find a way to win games. They lost some bad ones; Milwaukee at home is a game that comes off the top of my head
Nich Obert::Stat of the Day:  Wizards have accounted for almost 30% of the overtime games this year. A week ago, they had accounted for 6 of the 17 overtime games so far this season.  6 overtime games out of 22 total was incredible.   For a frame of reference, the Denver Nuggets only played 7 total overtime games in the 230 regular season games in the 09, 10 and 11 seasons combined. The 13-14 Wiz have gone to OT about 10x as often!  The team with the most OTs in that span (Chicago) was still only going to OT 1/3 as often as the Wizards have been this year.
John Osaki Jr.::Good win for the Washington Wizards! Big-time Washington fans, turn-back-the-clock and check out Wes Unseld and Elvin Hayes in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Dana Harris::the celtics are deeper than people think the celtics are overall a better team than the wizards enough said but the backcourt of wall and beal is one of my favorites
Marvin Fernandez::I'll give u deeper team but overall talent no. wash has a much more physical bigs and they have the better 1-2 guard combo yet they refuse to attack the rim but rather settle for jump shots that's not falling n that's why they're in this big of a hole.
Tylor Ward::I don't understand how we lose 20 point lead games .. its happened a lot this year .. Celtics need to show up in the 3rd and 4th quarter.
Andrew Lipto::its because they've gone into tank mode--scrubs playing too many minutes
Mike Burke::Jeff Green -- who is trash -- is your best player. That's all you need to know.
Joseph Swain::Andrew Lipto  You are correct Andrew. Tanking trying to get Wiggins. the team is better than Ainge wants it. i decided to close the book on them for the season and waiit until some one in management gets some sense.  if i was Rondo i would leave this team as soon as possible when healthy.
Joe Coburn::Hey, In the shithole known as the Eastern Conference, the Celtics have home court advantage in the first round of the playoffs. Think about that, is it hilarious or ridiculous, you choose.
Steve McRae::The NBA should realign the Divisions according to how teams are playing in any particular year right?. Now think about what you just said and you decide if what you said is hilarious or ridiculous.
Chelo Mejias::Ya and they beat your minnesota timberwolves...so what's that say about the under .500 teams in the west?
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::Wow, this game reminds me of the detroit game....can't hold a lead and can't score in the end
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::Washington on an improbable 14-1 run...celtics should be ashamed
Ethan Menard::get your beer ready for a celtic win this afternoon gentleman
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::Avery Bradley putting the team on his shoulders
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::agree
