ohedoh::I think Indiana expended all its energy celebrating one win against the Bulls.  Their coach is an idiot who acts like a high school coach and will be out of the league within a couple years.  Rah-rah, Frank!
91Gmoney9009::Cleveland fans: Did you hear LeBron is thinking about a return to the Cavs? Says he misses playing in that arena in front of all the loyal fans. Would you guys welcome him back?
goosu123::Nope.
shotcaller-22::Irving is a stud he makes lin look like a T.UR.D
nccanes73::Imagine is Kyrie had someone to pass to, his assists would be way up
benlikesthecavs::for all these people talking about the heat and jeremy lin!!! no one gives a $@%! the both suck i give lin 2 weeks and the if the heat are so good why didnt they win it all there is no excuse for having 3 superstars and not being able to win!! the chemistry in that locker room obvioulsy isnt as good as evryone thinks it is!!! lebron and dwade are the best players at their positions and bosh one of the best at his. their coach dosetn do anything how do u coach lebron and dwade when they know more than you. it has also been shown that they dont respect their coach as in last year when lebron gave him a shoulder when walking off the court last year. there is many reasons the heat will never win a championship with this team
BuckeyeheadKyle::Kyrie is shooting 50% that is insane. He's more clutch then Lebron.
celticsfanqweasdzxc::please stop.
goosu123::what, he is. Lebron has had MAJOR struggles in crutch time. Probably his biggest fault as a player.
Michael18577::How do u guys watch these over paid morons. I'll check the scores when I'm bored. I hate to say it, but the Heat are gonna win it all.(had to say it cause im always wrong) sorry but the heat would sweep either of these teams. The best thing you can do is lose over the next 4 yrs, until the Heat are done making there run.
ClevelandsPOWND::Heat fans just don't get it. The guy chokes in high pressure situations. I watched it for 7 years. It hasn't changed.
MrLumpz::Please remove LeQuit's Johnson from repeatedly beating up your tonsils!!!
Jaywashing::What a joke of a post.
Frank38443::Yeah, we all figured the Pacers are pretenders.
KingGeorge53::Outstanding game for the good guys.     Feel for the Pacers as they have a good team when healthy, but they'll get healthy and make the PO.  My biggest concern is the Cavs staying in this 10-7 spot in the east.    We need to start losing games at a higher rate to get at least one of those impact players in the coming draft.   However, I'm confident in the work Grant has done so far.
1mproperDancing::As much as I love watching the Cavs win, I realize losing right now is a much more viable long-term strategy.
yellowdart24::Funny thing is that the Bulls lost to this "overrated" team at home for their first home loss all season. The Pacers are good, not great, when healthy. Right now they are hurting without Hill coming in off the bench and now add in that Granger is hurt and this team is border line a 7-8 seed. When the Pacers get healthy again, they will be a tough out for anyone. I expect a first round series win as a 4,5, or 6 seed, then give Miami or Chicago all they can handle in a tight 6 game series. Maybe only 5 against the Heat but the Pacers can certainly push Chicago to 7 games. Remember this team is still young. We have seen how good they can be this year and bad all within in less than 30 games.
mikeyp2307::calm down
Kit Ramsey::No damn excuse, shut up, the Bulls have been hurt all but 5 games when all of their starters played together, so shut it, the Pacers are overrated just like i thought. On the other hand, they thought the won the championship against the Bulls and realized the season was not over, LMAO!!
spenceroll002::get Lin to CLE and trade irving........
MrLumpz::Wow, you must do Crystal Meth.
mikeyp2307::terrible
MBANDER12::huh
Mattyhans_::^lolio
spenceroll002::would be better than lebron......... and get dwight......antwan is useless
91Gmoney9009::Jamison is having a great year, Cavs are 1 player away from being a contender, and im not a Cleveland fan
hiland33::no
goosu123::exactly. Lin is on a  blaze, he will slow down. Probably  a solid starter, but not much more.
naptown1984::roy hibbert ballar!!
naptown1984::Im a pacer fan and you know that all teams go through a faz in there season so watch out indy will bounce back and next game against the under .500 cavs will loose worse then the pacers did tonight against the cavs. ya'll got lucky that yall won...cavs suck!! jeff foster,danny granger,and george hill were out for the pacers so yeah yall had every-one in the game so that just tells you that cavs arnet good and aint gunna make sh**!! Who wanna make a bet that the pacers make atleast the 5th spot in the playoffs!!
seanster89::The sad thing is that he doesn't realize that the Cavs are rebuilding and the Pacers are rebuilt.
1mproperDancing::Who is Jeff Foster?  Also, no one expects the Cavs to make the playoffs this year.  In fact, as a Cavs fan, I hope they don't.  I'd rather have another high lottery pick right now than a one-and-done playoff run.  Indiana has been rebuilding for years and are finally getting over the hump.  The Cavs started rebuilding last year and already have a player better than anyone on the Pacers' entire roster.  I'd say the Cavs are moving in the right direction.
BuckeyeheadKyle::man, people form Indiana are as Hick as seen from movies.
MBANDER12::naptown, i hope you were dr.unk when you wrote this, cause $@%! thats bad spelling. oh, and my cavs whipped the $@%! out of you tonight
naptown1984::yeah like you know what your talking about who took the fist game we did $@%!$,this game ya just got lucky,next game caint wait cause then ya haters be like damn indy damn they  served us!! Gibson hes alright danny granger better!! any that afro guy he hasnt been good since hes bf mr. games left!! Jamison is your guys best player!! hands down but hey your 11-16 yeah thats something to be happy about!! dont worrie your team as you think is good isnt really good but keep dreaming haha
MrLumpz::Take your L and wait for next game. There's no luck in beatin' someone down for 4 quarters!
Rengel12::I'm sorry... I would say something back to you but I have absolutely no idea what you are talking about. what the hell is bf mr.games? Get out of here lol
Rengel12::1. You have no idea how to speak, please learn some proper English. 2. The Cavs were without their starting SG (Anthony Parker) Starting Center and All Star Snub (Andy Varejao) and Our best shooter got hurt during the Game (Daniel Gibson.) 3. Jeff Foster is irrelevant and complete garbage. 4. You got bent tonight, suck it up.
ryankoeth4::possibly the most ignorant $@%! I have ever read in my life
Giggity.iggity::If anyone has to be replaced for the All-Star team, how could David Stern look over Kyrie Irving?  He's hands down the 3rd best PG in the east and probably the 4th or 5th best guard overall in the East in terms of how everyone is playing currently (not in the past).  The East reserves only have 2 guards but are loaded with 4 forwards.  Here's to hoping Carmelo has to sit out of the All-Star game so Paul Pierce starts and Kyrie can slide in on the reserves!  He's definitely earned it!
1mproperDancing::To be honest, Varejao should have easily been in the game over Hibbert too.  Not that Hibbert isn't playing well, but he just doesn't play with the intensity that Varejao does.  If these two teams' had the same records, I have no doubt Varejao would have gotten the nod.
FEAR_THE_HEAT::Pacers are an imposter.  Overrated
Spursdc::Ind, just throw in the towel
Robbolane::Kyrie very good... too bad Tristan is not getting his shot. When wild man went down, I thought Tristan would be thrown in there for some experience, if nothing else.
1mproperDancing::Plus Erden was playing the game of his life.
Giggity.iggity::Tristan IS getting his shot.  He keeps shooting himself in the foot though with 4 fouls in 12 minutes of play.  Hard to get playing time when you're always on the bench due to fouls..
BrutusBuckeye53::cavs need a dominate big man and this team would contend. i said contend not win it all so relax
1mproperDancing::Kaman hasn't had a good season in like four years and is always hurt.  I want no part of him on this young, rebuilding Cavs squad.
Giggity.iggity::Kaman isn't as athletic as Varejao or Erden and with this offense they need a big man that can move without the ball.  Kaman is slow as hell and would actually hurt the team defensively as well as offensively.
KingGeorge53::Yupp.   Kaman is NOT a Princeton Offense type center.   Now if this were an ISO team, then okay.
FEAR_THE_HEAT::There are maybe 1 or 2 dominant big men in the league.. Good luck
JDunifon3::Eh, Kaman is one of those guys where, when you look at his stats you think he'd be a help, but then is just god-awful to watch in person (a la 2007-9 Troy Murphy or a younger Corey Maggette, for example).  He'd be an upgrade, but it wouldn't make center a position we'd really be able to put that much more weight on.
NBA_refs_are_weak::they should try and pickup a guy like kaman. throw him in the mix with kyrie and they'd be one of those teams that you wont expect to win it all but they'll be dangerous any given night kinda like houston
rockndoc2::Notes from Sect. 208: Nice things about tonights game for the Cavs:  Everyone had assists.  That meant the ball was moving and not getting stuck.   Semih Erden.  His second good game of the year.  Scott must have lit a fire under him because he was aggresive for the first time I've seen him. Casspi    10-9    Finally got in the flow  Oh yeah, that #2 guy was pretty good too.
jc12321::vogel has to have a full practice dedicated to defending the pick and roll... we r terrible at that
Kit Ramsey::No, your just not a good team, that's all.
kfultz42::Kyrie balling on some hoes
CandySparker::Oh Kyrie Irving!
PlayaMade5::Kyrie Irving is one hell of a PG, to be producing like that, with 1 TO.......he is a prolific scorer, excellent ballhandler, and playmaking skills....he should win ROY easily and he should of been an All-Star before J.Johnson
JohnsonnnL::They don't like to give All-Star to rookies.
PlayerPresident1::pacers lose to the cavs???? yeah they overrated.  lmao!!!
adavisrc09::beginning of the season was a fluke
ZachRamsfelder::Jeremy Lin who? It's all about Kyrie Irving
mikeyp2307::someone is mad that irving raped his pacers.
naptown1984::hell yeah jeremy lin is way better then that hoe irving
RealHoosierFan::Pacers will not be legit if Danny Granger is our best player.......He is good but best case scenario for him would be 3rd best option on a championship team, and that might be a stretch.
KingGeorge53::I don't know about 3rd best option, but yeah, Pacers could need another impact player.   But at least this is normally a very good NBA team.   Not title contending yet, but it's a good team.   One good move could make the difference and propel the team towards contention.
iownamicrowave::Aside from the injuries.... there is something wrong with the Pacers.  This is not the same team that hadn't lost a back to back and was winning on the road.
Tippong21::Ryan Hollins is the best player in the NBA.
ZachRamsfelder::clown comment
yata9arasu::I wish Irving had a player like Love to differ to like Rubio does.....  30 pts, 18 reb.....  Rubio has 7 ast tonight and 6 pts.......
McKinnon42::Irving should win it no question
BuckeyeheadKyle::that's why Irving should be ROY by a land slide... Rubio just does no look passes... Who cares... Irving knocks 18+ a night, 4-6 rebounds, and a like 5 assist. Yes his assist need to be worked on, but hes 19....
MeadBucky::Irvings teammates do miss a good number of open shots
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::East Playoff Picture outside of Chicago and Miami  Hawks, Pacers, Sixers, Magic = Frauds Celtics = still dangerous no matter where they get seeded in the playoffs Knicks = still currently frauds, more potential than the aforementioned frauds though.  Signed,   Realistic Hawks Fan
Kit Ramsey::100% agree my man.
ATLhawks0::hawks frauds i nah all they need is a big man and the hawks will be dangerous
naptown1984::Are you on glass or I should say meth lil boy-or- man cause the celtics yeah possible knicks could but not likely and 3rd thing the pcers sixers,and magic are good  teams so unless you know what the hell you are talking about shut the hell up stupid non sports wanna think he knows everything ok so just cause the pacers lost tonight dosent mean sh** cause there still better then your lame a** team cavs.Let me put it this way nice and easy cavs aint sh** since mr. james left yall
tkeeton2010::Its called punctuation and grammar. You should probably learn it sometime naptown. You post like you just got out of the 2nd grade.
Kit Ramsey::Naptown shut it, he's right, and your just pissed because he's right, face it, the Pacers are OVERRATED to the 10 power! And if he's wrong, then why does he have all those LIKES, huh?
mccoywajmu::pretty much
drose chokes crys in lockeroom::Good Game. Irving is legit!
Kit Ramsey::Until he plays against D.Rose.
mypuppy747::CAVS FANS: you'll love this video.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6CKHOMKqxYw
KingGeorge53::I wouldn't show this vid too much mypuppy b/c we drafted the dude in the first round.
RealHoosierFan::Too many teams in the NBA definitely a lack of talent around the league....Contraction would be a a good idea.
mypuppy747::I laughed my $@% off when I first saw it.
Rengel12::Hahahaha Diop it like its hot
BuckeyeheadKyle::We should have a new Slogan "At least where not Charlotte".
BuckeyeheadKyle::Amen to that.
MeadBucky::Hopefully they can break our losing streak record :)
MeadBucky::Wow,Bobcats suuuuck
BuckeyeheadKyle::I can shoot better than that.
T.O.G.M.S.17::"shouldnt have ate that popcorn" -Diop
yata9arasu::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!  WTF WAS THAT!?
BuckeyeheadKyle::I'm on the New york Knicks messageboard for the Knicks, Kings game and im spamming Irvingsanity&gt;Linsanity
godson0214::find something better to do with your wed night
DavyFlo::Lame!
gkm456::who wins the big ten?
BIGBAMBEANO1::THEY ALL BLOW
naptown1984::would say iowa but not this year so imma say michigan st bby
gkm456::my top 4 seeds michigan state 1 michigan 2 ohio state 3 wisconsin 4
BuckeyeheadKyle::Ohio State beat Michigan. Twice.
gkm456::not so sure after that game there going to have trouble in ann arbor tough atmosphere
MeadBucky::Hope it is OSU, but going to be difficult to win @MSU
BuckeyeheadKyle::Ohio State :)
Bdenny1511::Every win takes the sting of drafting luke jackson away
T.O.G.M.S.17::im actually gonna watch Hot In Cleveland right now. Betty White is a G
T.O.G.M.S.17::"Great win Giants. Enjoy it while you can cuz next year my Cleveland Browns are going all the way" - Betty White on the Super Bowl
MeadBucky::I must be the only one sick of Betty White
yata9arasu::BETTY WHITE=AWESOME!
mypuppy747::Irving could be the first rookie in NBA history to shoot 50% fg, 40% 3pt, 80% ft while scoring 20ppg.
1mproperDancing::That's because Rubio's shooting percentage has dipped considerably since his hot start.  If he had kept shooting in the mid-forties, he would have had a definite shot at rookie of the year, but shooting in the thirties when your only real competitor is shooting over fifty percent just isn't going to win it for you.  Rubio can definitely make prettier passes, but Irving just seems like the better, more complete player.  He can score in droves and he can dish.  He just needs a few better teammates who can score the ball when he kicks it to them.
godson0214::yea i havent seen too much rubio&gt;irving anymore
McKinnon42::I think all those rubio fans have realized that irving is on a whole different level lmfao
mypuppy747::Rubio fans are you listening??
T.O.G.M.S.17::Cavs should look into Kwame Alexander.
MeadBucky::Damn, Irving is shooting well
Cypher545::Irving is just ridiculous.  22 points on 12 shots.  5 assists, only 1 turnover.  If he was selfish and took 20+ shots a game, he'd be top 5 in scoring.
godson0214::thats what im sayin just if who he passes the ball to makes the shot hed prolly average a double double
BuckeyeheadKyle::Irving is light years above his age of 19. That's insane. He'll be good for at least 15 years...
yata9arasu::You are 100% correct.  He is so efficient.  8/12 shooting.  50% as a rookie.  One of the best rookie seasons in NBA history.  GO KYRIE!
bjonthe492nd::irvinsanity&gt;linsanity... he's great!!!
BuckeyeheadKyle::Who here like Terrance Ross???
yata9arasu::Great game Pacers fans!  Great job by Erden and Irving tonight!  He has potential!  No way the Heat can stop Irvinsanity and the SEMIH TRUCK!!!!  Let's go Cavs!!!
NeezyFBaby8623::Morehead State #1
NeezyFBaby8623::Both my bets won big tonight, Morehead State and Cavs!!!!!
wtfiuwts::I kind of hope to see Jamison gone by the end of the year for a pick, and a frontcourt of Varejao and Erden starting the game.
D_Indians7::Nothing against Erden but Id rather see Tristan Thompson playing in the backcourt with Varejao next year
D_Indians7::I'd like to see Jamison gone too but you'd want ERDEN starting?
1mproperDancing::Honestly, the rest of this season doesn't really matter anyway.  As a Cavs fan, I totally give this team permission to tank for another high lottery pick.  Losing sucks and all, but you have to think long-term in the NBA.  Three or four bad seasons is a small price to pay for a decade of good basketball.  If the Cavs can surround Irving with the proper talent, they could easily be competitors in two to three years and be in position to be a force in the league for the following six or seven years.
wtfiuwts::Why not? He's young, has a lot of upside, and you can't teach 7 feet. Took Hibbert to the woodshed tonight.
alexanderperfection::Go Islanders!
brandomymando::Go Alexander!
godson0214::i think kyrie would have a double double evry night if only his wide open teamates would make the shot
godson0214::i wonder if he stops passing will he have 40pts tho???
1mproperDancing::Why would you want him to stop passing?  He has a really great overall game right now, and once the front office gets some better teammates beside him, the Cavs will be a really good team.
bjonthe492nd::it's true...that's the only reason rubio is getting all of the press.
MeadBucky::Like Jamison tonight
anwilson88::Well Bill Simmons predicted the Cavs would win 11 games this season so I guess that was their last W
anwilson88::ESPN's most popular writer
brandomymando::Boston's most popular writer after Bob Ryan*
Chris287907::Bill Simmons is almost as stupid as Michael Wilbon
BuckeyeheadKyle::whose Bill Simmons?
i liked this comment::simih 18pts.......woo hoooo
godson0214::bring on the heat ive been waiting for this showdown
