yawle7::SUNS organization is pathetic... Thanks to Cheap A$$ Robert Sarver...
Theironrod2012::Michael Beasley&gt; Lebron
Credil54::I've been following a system for betting lately called SportsbettingStar. In only two months time I have averaged $3,000 a month profit. I found this system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems
THEmattyj::everyone should be hoping their team trades for Vasquez, still can't believe the griz let him go so low last year.
dwighthowardsamazing::I'm so sad I didn't get to see the living legend worst NBA player of all time Wes Johnson in person
arizonasportsman::A Utah and Portland win tonight will really put the screws to the Lakers ;)
arizonasportsman::Thank god for the loss!!!!
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::5 game parlay down the drain because the suns cant cover 6.5 points against this s.hit team... pathetic
arizonasportsman::I couldn't be happier.
bighube702::where the hell did they get P.J. Tucker from. he shouldnt even be in the league. cheap suckers
mojart::game set and match......geaux hornets/pelicans
mojart::luckily for the hornets the suns only scored 9 points in the 4th quarter...
al asifyouknow::true
al asifyouknow::Love to see Vasquez play in a good team,,,,
bighube702::9 point quarter?
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::suns just costed me 100 bucks... thanks alot
Justin931380::Season is over for the hornets... Take a good lottery pick get a SF or Center then next year this is a playoff team..
Justin931380::I think they will get shabazz if they can... They just need this year to stay healthy and grow as a team.. This is still a young team with maybe 2 pieces missing.. Once they fill those holes then this team will be legit..
Justin931380::I don't think we can get lucky two years in a row would be nice but I will say between a 4 and 8 pick..
mojart::we didn't know where that pingpong balls will go.....keep our fingers crossed
Justin931380::If they get a top 5 pick they might be able to get him.. They will finish with about 20 to 25 wins.. I think they need this year to grow and bond as a team.. Hopefully this offseason they fill the voids that they have and improve a bunch..
mojart::will take either noel, len or smart......:)
Wayz112::You gotta figure the Hornets will not finish bad enough to be able to grab Shabazz though.
mojart::yeah....shabazz, noel, len and smart are right there
dwighthowardsamazing::I want Cody zeller
NolaJag::Lopez and Aminu are both close to double-doubles and have played under 25 minutes each. Not bad at all.
Wayz112::I think Anthony Davis will average something like 18 pts 11 rebounds 3 blocks in his prime.
steve_cronin61::game over
steve_cronin61::see?
steve_cronin61::yah 4   so looking bad
blakjak1298::did u know that there is still 4 minutes left?
mojart::4 mins
steve_cronin61::that 3 is game for sure
773terry::Why do the hornets refuse to close games out?
mojart::becuase monty is tanking
NolaJag::As a hornets fan, I can't stand to see the team lose. But for the sake of future success, and to improve our lottery chances, a loss wouldn't be bad either considering Phoenix is right there with us at the bottom of the western conference.
mojart::monty what are you doing with anthony davis....
tybeans3000::Nothing, that is the problem, he needs to let the kid play
jookyclutz::MONTY take the kid gloves off of anthony davis.  jesus christ
blakjak1298::Like if you are disgusted with both teams doing terrible
blakjak1298::Hi guys!
pxez34a::Gonna need OT for the over to cover in this game...
phunky58::once again beasley playn solid ball
tybeans3000::Monty williams has a terrible rotation, you can't have Rivers, Roberts and Henry on the court at the same time.
TheWalkingDead92::Jermaine Oneal is playing too many minutes
blakjak1298::suns need to put their starters in
blakjak1298::come on beasley
blakjak1298::lets go suns! put on a 4th quarter run!
blitz pick up 45::AZ Cardinals are interested in Landry Jones... WTF
bighube702::i bet he is excited about getting killed
TheWalkingDead92::hoping the Cards pick up Wilson and don't get Eric Fisher. If cards don't pick up Fisher my chargers have a great shot at getting him.
blitz pick up 45::he's slow as hell so that line is going to get him dropped so much
steve_cronin61::new orleans has owned this whole game.   poor suns.
bighube702::they need to get some bleedin stops
JDEEZY3333::suns down 6?....
blakjak1298::7
omard86::wtf ad
dwighthowardsamazing::I guess I won't get to see the living legend worst player of all time in person tonight Wes Johnson
JDEEZY3333::SUNS take this one in the 2nd half after coming off that BIG W.
mojart::what a way to end the 1st half....TO
Kenny975::I started following this online betting system called SportsBettingStar a couple of months ago.  Ive made around 3K per month since I started.  I was looking for a handicapper one day and just searched for Sports Betting Systems and it was right there on the first page.
Blitherpolecat::today is bob marley birthday
dwighthowardsamazing::Did I accidentally go to the Facebook app instead of internet on ESPN
Orange6O2::$@%! this game, I'm going to watch the Wildcats. Lose Suns!
arizonasting13::haha yep, just switched from Fox Sports to ESPN News
arizonasting13::Honestly, as long as the Lakers don't make the playoffs I'll be happy. I'd rather have two lotto picks in the 7-13 range than the number 4 pick and the number 28 pick.
TheWalkingDead92::We have minnesota's pick as well but i don't know if its lotto protected. Im guessing it is..
MichaeltheRed46::game is over.....hornets win!
Aliens Colonial Marines AZ::Month and moth sound alike :3
mojart::hopefully the hornets select shabazz or marcus smart this coming draft
Sports Schwag::There are pro games on tonight
Mr Ntense::Isn't the trade deadline coming up?
Orange6O2::Heard a rumor that the Suns were going to trade Dragic in order to get Aaron Brooks.
arizonasting13::Id only take Brooks if it meant sending them a first rounder with Dragic
arizonasting13::we better make a move or eight
Aliens Colonial Marines AZ::Month*
Aliens Colonial Marines AZ::Trade*
gary wheatley::21st of this month Mr
Aliens Colonial Marines AZ::UofA :3 game time
NolaJag::It's going to be interesting to see how much money Vasquez will get in free agency this summer
Aliens Colonial Marines AZ::Lol calling then bugs, that's kinda insulting.
Aliens Colonial Marines AZ::Lmfao yes them fricking auto correct
Aliens Colonial Marines AZ::Them* dammit
Aliens Colonial Marines AZ::Then*
Orange6O2::Them?
