riosborne::Get HB more minutes!!!
Janet_Reno_Dance_Party::Hell yeah! keep losing! the bobcats aint gettin our pick! hahaha
tmoneyinmphs::Thanks detroit for trading daye and prince to memphis.   Prince scored his 10,000th point last night.
Janet_Reno_Dance_Party::Thank u for taking him.. hes terrible.
dwighthowardsamazing::Great showing for the 6th man of the year Jarrett Jack. Maybe he will break out of his slump after that.
GodofAcid::I didn't want to admit this but... I'm beginning to wonder if our Pistons are.. god it hurts me to say this.. losing on purpose to get a better draft pick :(
csaeteurn::Tank mode
mymomdunkedonyourmom::Ive been using a betting system called sportsbettingstar the past couple of months. im making around 2-3K each month I play this systems picks. You can find the system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems
Everyday im Shufflin 290::Ryan Fitzpatrick to the colts could be interesting
Everyday im Shufflin 290::Chargers sign Derrick Cox
derek_510::thank you this information is so valuable!!!! weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
kozanski2000::Bogut is contributing nicely while he gets back into shape. Would love to see this guy have some luck on the injury front.
Walter_Jr_Loves_Breakfast_More_Than_Life_Itself::it seems like steph curry is unconscious from 3 point land.  the dude could end up being the greatest 3 point shooter of all time if he stays healthy
msu for the win2::he's a joy to watch, that's for sure
Oaktown1029::Warriors shoot 57% and only score 105pts - Detroit outshot them 89-72 - it seems to me we should be putting up more shots
_Neanderthal Hipster 3.0_::i think some of that is coming from 2nd chance points
derek_510::and points off turnovers.
msu for the win2::why? you're making them
msu for the win2::HOLY CRAP STUCKEY ACTUALLY DID SOMETHING
TheJTram::GG
Philip3664::GG Warriors fans
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::GG
giggityg0o::why? both are terrible. warriors will never get close to championship EVER
EdwinGuile::somebody is a Bobcats fan
junoNCAL::^mad
TheJTram::Well count this as a moral victory for not getting blown the hell out this time
Oaktown1029::Monroe's a lefty! he's got a nice stroke.
Boltznewera::Give the damm ball to curry if they foul again, dang...
KommoN34::Lol at detroit fouling like they can still win.. So $@%!$@% stupid
Philip3664::Too bad Stuckey doesnt do this all the time
Philip3664::Its was a victory the pistons were able to stay in this game and not get blown out
giggityg0o::yes...not get blown out like the bulls.shitters
giggityg0o::pistons get this close to the warriors????
TheJTram::Of course it's the gambler. Why the hell would you bet on us lol
junoNCAL::it's your fault for betting
giggityg0o::THIS IS THE FUKKING PISTONS
Oaktown1029::Bogut get's a little more conditioned each game.
jzalvarado2.0::sorry just tuning in.. how is Barnes 6-7 and only played 18 minutes?
OAK619::Jackson went with his 3 guard lineup most of the night. I sure wouldn't mind seeing Barnes get more minutes when Klay is having an off night. Klay seems to play 40 min regardless of his offensive output. Sorry, he's not good enough of a defender to warrant those minutes.
Oaktown1029::it seems that Jackson wants Jack to play point and have Curry and klay coming off picks but ur right, Barnes had a great game.
TheJTram::Our defense has more holes than the cheeseheads Packers fans wear
jahlove1261::Nice W for the Dubs as any win right now is a good one but am I the only one tired of Bogut's offensive output??? 1-4, 2-5 seems to be his expected shooting line - pretty bad for a 7footer, I don't care how banged up he is.
thomascedill::I'd really like to see Bogut 100% though. Hopefully by the time playoffs start he'll be close to fully healthy. He was the #1 pick so he does have talent. Just been playing like a avg big body though.
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::He's garbage and the trade was and is terrible. And I'm not even a Monta fan. Also for those that aren't aware Bogut averages less than 2 blocks per game, he's not the shot changer people seem to think he is.
ChuckGF::You haven't watched much bogut then
jblickman::Not really they don't need h to score rebound and protect the rim. Keep the ball movin on offense. I happy with that
CrabtreeWasHeld::he's fine...passing the rock great...hard to get shots in this offense...especially with a guy like klay that goes 2-15 but never stops shooting
CrabtreeWasHeld::jahlove1261 - you sound like Fitz - come on man - If Curry isn't shooting lights out - this team is offensively challenged - we need Bogut to score 12-15 pts on 50% shooting to have a shot in the playoffs.  fitz is a dweeb...did you watch bogut tonight?  He played great- line isn't great in point category but his effect on game was noticeable
jahlove1261::you sound like Fitz - come on man - If Curry isn't shooting lights out - this team is offensively challenged - we need Bogut to score 12-15 pts on 50% shooting to have a shot in the playoffs.
GeorgeTownDC29::Pistons look poised to go one a nice losing streak. Rough schedule ahead.
giggityg0o::pathetic team
junoNCAL::LOL
giggityg0o::i hate the warriors so badly
junoNCAL::you mad?
TheJTram::Ignore him. Dubs are nice this year
giggityg0o::yes because they cant cover for s.hit even in their own house
TheJTram::Well good game
TheJTram::Of course, Bynum's bursts comes with the side effect of Ball-Hogging
mattcowboys77AD::good game and good night.
junoNCAL::Utah lost, Lakers lost, Kobe injured, Warriors win  Good day
Drun2400::Seeing a player go down injured is never good imo
junoNCAL::yeah but it still helps us. i wasn't wishing it but it happened
Philip3664::Will "hold the ball too long" Bynum
Oaktown1029::big hoop for Steph.
jzalvarado2.0::Why is Bob Fitzgerald mentioning Bogut's 'Elbow' Injury as the reason that he can't shoot as well as before.. I heard of an 'Elbow' Injury a year before he was traded to the Dubs.. how is this still an ISSUE?
jblickman::Fitz is always mr excuse I hate him
EL_GRINGO_LOCO444::GS just cant close it out...
junoNCAL::-____-
TheJTram::Hey where have you been all night
CrabtreeWasHeld::This team doesnt give the r0ck to sc30 @ end of games -its a problem that needs to be fixed before the title run
TheJTram::What the hell...really...not the Hack-a-"-insert player-"
mattcowboys77AD::are we seriously doing this lol
Oaktown1029::Pistons are doing what the Magic did last night - WTF?
paul11370::Pistons cover!
ArticSquarecle::Some kid at my school was Knighted today.
mattcowboys77AD::damn big achievement to be knighted by the queen. How old is he?
GeorgeTownDC29::Hope it was a good dunk
CrabtreeWasHeld::HACKA A MOOSTASH
Philip3664::Anybody know what happen to Calderon
GeorgeTownDC29::Lets go Stuckey!
jblickman::Just wish Jackson would get better at his substitution pattern as I'm not a fan of how he handles it at all
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Oh and Bogut $@%!$@% sucks
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Another great efficient game by Lee. Gotta close this one out.
gsraider::Maxiell has been pushing all night but that last one was BS
TheJTram::We still hate him. Someone take him off our hands PLEASE
