grizz_nation_will_rise::Time for the best part of every Grizz game: ALL I DO IS WIN!!!!!!
Latinofire20::Another game the REFS took away from the grizzlies in the final 6 minutes of the game. Bayless traveled on the inbound pass at the last minute of the 4th. Also, Conley was pushed down on the final inbound pass or regulation. then the foul they called on rudy gay in OT that fouled him out where he didn't even touch him. I'm sure the raptors had some missed calls, but they cannot come within the last minutes of the game.
Plargo::Last 6 minutes you say? Hmm....Marc Gasol misses free throw 1 of 2...Marc Gasol misses free throw 2 of 2...Marc Gasol misses free throw 1 of 2...Dante Cunningham misses free throw 1 of 2...Zach Randolph misses free throw 1 of 1...Zach Randolph misses free throw 1 of 2...Mike Conley misses free throw 1 of 2    Mem: 10/17  Raps: 9/11  Memphis gets more fouls calls in the last 6 mins, can't shoot a basic free throw. Toronto called for 7 shooting fouls, Memphis: 2........Yeah this is the refs' fault
yorkallday::aquille carr 5'6 got 57 points in a game, averages 30 in high school committed to seton hall   espn sais carr is next big thing si compared him to nash.... NBA WATCHOUT  more on the little aquille carr http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
4thQuar7er::kid needs to grow a bit and work on his D  he also has an ego i do not like
SallieManda::Yeah TJ567, there was this game that set the SEC record http://bit.ly/zcantq
Hockey plus Florida equals LMAO::I dont like the raptors much but my god those refs couldnt have been more biased tonight. might as well have been wearing Grizzlies jerseys
deltarazorback::are you kidding me? the raptors got every single call all night! you obviously weren't watching very close.
royboy1978::Two losses for hoop city tonight.  Tigers and Grizzlies.  I still love my two squads regardless of their successes and challenges.
balltillifall_88::wow, even though we lost tonight, i did not expect z-bo to be this game ready already. 9 of 14 for 25 points in 25 minutes is pretty  d a m n  good after missing nearly 3 months. plus he had 6 offensive rebounds alone (led the league in offensive rebounds last year). this team is gonna suprise alot of people this year. even after last years playoff run people are still sleepin on the grizz. people dont realize, just like they said in the telecast, other than the 4 games at the beginning of the season z-bo and rudy havent both been healthy and playing together in over a year. rudy had the bad injury at the end of last season and z-bo had his at the beginning of this season. we will finally get to see what this team can do with everybody on the court. aside from darrel author of course.
Antsea91::I thought they meant Skip Bayless... :(
emthomasjr::Bad loss for us.  We just spent the entire week complaining about lack of FT's then go out and miss 20.  Hand it to the Raptors, though; they played good enough to win.  This is embarrassing though and another reminder that we have not "arrived".  I hope we can get back to playing hard and not taking any opponent for granted like we did tonight, still hung over from the Lakers game like that game counted double or triple or something.
gilflores1122::Damn boys u better be staying late shooting some free throws u should of had this game I broke even for day but I could of done good just practice I know ur gonna make me money
rc021363::Steve,  nice chatting with you.  And, thanks for the wishes for the Grizz!  Hope the Cavs go far in this year.  Nite Go Grizz!
SkinnyButPhat2::well i thought losing to get a better pick would matter, but with all these " lottery picks" playing so horribly in the NCAA tourney, I bet half of the expected lottery picks decide to stay in school. If this tourney keeps taking out powerhouse teams like Duke, it might go from being a strong draft to one of the weakest in recent memory. Dont forget that almost all of the top ten "supposed" picks are mostly freshmen and sophmores, not seniors. So go ahead Raps, keep winning games, in the end, its not going to change much. Just gives Toronto a goal to improve upon for next year when they play a full 82 games and win maybe 25 of them.
jessehill1965::Been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I've made over $3,000 each month now for two months straight following this particular system. You can find it on the first page of Google.com by searching the words "sports betting system"  This system is the best I have followed  in many years of sports betting
HEATandBRONCOSandCARDINALS::why did the memphis tigers blow it, then now the grizz
mem196530::bad point guards on both teams
rc021363::Yea, not a great night for Memphis.  I feel sorry if a troll comes in and messes with the wrong upset fan tonight.
emthomasjr::Hang over from the Lakers game.  Key players like OJ are still not mature enough to understand that a game vs. the Raptors is just as important as a game vs. LA, and it hurts.  I don't know that ZBo coming back hurt us at all.  I thought that Hollins should have considered putting Mo in the game instead of using Haddadi though.
Steven57928::I don't watch alot of Memphis games but it seems that alot of teams are playing at the level of the opponents this year.  i'm sure it has to do with the schedule.  As for the play tonight re-adding a major piece like ZBO always affects play.  Once he is in the starting line up and they a few games like that then Memphis should be set.
rc021363::Yea, you may be right, seems like Memphis plays to the level of their opponents, they usually are so good, but tonight, nothing clicked at all.  On their home court, they are hard to beat, but it was like they really were not in it.  But, Z-Bo definitely will pick things up.
Steven57928::Once Memphis gets the rotation set now that ZBO is back they will be right in the top 3 or 4 in the West.
Steven57928::Not a grizzles or raptors fan but i tuned in to see how Zach did and i have to say good game for the raptors and for the Grizzles good to see that ZBO is in shape and ready to help the grizzles toward winning the west.  with ZBO heathy the Grizzles are a playoff power.
rc021363::Thx, so, what fan are you then?
emthomasjr::So you're a Heat fan?  LMBO!
Steven57928::Yeah pretty much.  I think that it's good for him to have Dwade next to him because Wade is the type that wants to WIN and James will benefit .  I think that with their core that the Heat will win a ring but i don't know how many as there are alot of good teams with VERY good cores right now.  But I'm sure your happy to see ZBO healthy and to see Gasol, Gay and ZBO all play well together
rc021363::Yea, that is what I have seen from the reports on James.  Especially when James said, if Cleveland wanted him back, he would not mind.  I knew then, he wanted Cleveland to like him again.
Steven57928::Well last year for me the Finals were a good enough revenge for the way he left.  I think that he is a very talented player but i also think that he would rather be liked than be a great player but I'm kinda over hating the man(meet my wife in the navy we just moved to Miami) besides Irving is looking good.
rc021363::I am hoping the Cavs are having a good year though.
rc021363::Oooo, so how do oyu feel about LeBron?
Steven57928::It's very very complex but I'm a cavs fan that is married to a women from miami...............
HEATandBRONCOSandCARDINALS::GRIZZLIES  ARE STILL A CHAMPIONSHIP TEAM
rc021363::You know it!!  Go Grizz!
rc021363::Well, I have had enough bad news for the night.   I think I will get some rest and start again tomorrow. Nite all! Go Grizz!
emthomasjr::We can still finish at 39-40 and 26 or 27 and secure a solid seed for the playoffs, conservatively projecting.  It will take a little time to re-tighten the rotation with Randolph coming back.  He has lost a little bit, but his game fits what we do so well, I don't think it will take much time to get clicking.
incognitowolfeee::memphis please lose on sunday, Im in an nba survivor pool and if u lose I could win 20k AWOOOOOOOOO!
HEATandBRONCOSandCARDINALS::sorry but they want lose
miketay19::Memphis will lose on sunday like you would donate 20k to charity
Lavableman::Good game, Grizzlies.
rc021363::Thanks, you too, congrats on the win.  Go Grizz!
Raptorsfan080::Entertaining to say the least.
rc021363::Agree, Congrats on winning.
Benjamayne::grizz lost cuz of missed FTs... refs gave them a lot of calls, they gave the raps some calls too. memphis just didn't play as well as they should have.  Rudy gay is the man tho, its too bad he fouled out at the beginning of OT
mem196530::this one's on Mike Conley.......bad turnover and too many missed free throws down the stretch
balltillifall_88::mike conley didnt play as well as he usually does, but this loss is not solely on mike. thats ridiculous. just because he couldnt bail us out with 3 made free throws in the last 5 seconds of overtime doesnt mean it was all on him. the ball just didnt bounce the grizz way tonight. OJ misses the dunk, tony misses that rebound, pondexter gets the walk, mike gets the carry, and we miss 20 free throws. we had no business even bein in that game until mr. clutch rudy gay put us back in it.
Benjamayne::great first game for ZBO as well, too bad he missed FTs he should have hit
rc021363::hey Raptor fans, there are trolls coming in to the memphis boards and giving other team fans trouble, it is not real Grizz fans.
bballboi33::Good Game Raps but dont think this is gonna happen a again
rc021363::Great game, Raptors, Congrats!  Go Grizzlies!
Barry7282982::GRIZZ should just FOLD  godamn embarassment
spruce up::that makes no sense but good for you for standing up for ...  the refs?
Plargo::wait you forgot to add something racist to your post, tool.
rc021363::he is not a Grizz fan, just a troll
spruce up::You mean because the refs did everything they could to make it happen after all?
SerioRaider::1-1, how long is this series?
Qiox::The better team won, as it should be.
mem196530::remember the raptors are in the east where you can make the playoffs with a losing record
bballboi33::Better team???? hahahaha!!!!!
bballboi33::oooh ok
jays hit moonshots::i think he means better team tonight
jays hit moonshots::good game refs
1cubbiesfan::YEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Raptorsfan080::Game is finally over!  series is now split. thanks
187Raptors::Lane violation was brutal call....if Lebron or Kobe did that you think they would call it?  Officials gotta stop being biased $@% the NBA
emthomasjr::Yeah, that call was kind of horrid.  I can't even disagree.
Quickdeath2::GG Raps!
rc021363::Nice D!
davidbleitch::or is the game over
Canmon::Over now.  Raps win.
1719719719::The crowd is the Thunders 6th man giving them life.
1719719719::opps wrong board
davidbleitch::who has the ball
BleedRedandBlack93::raptors
Barry7282982::nice shooting Conley  FIRE this porch monkey
cawsnallthis::Dont know about porch monkey, but his garbage ft shooting cost us the game
Barry7282982::it's a compliment  he belongs in the circus, not the NBA
Plargo::whatever you say, racist trash
Jayswillbringit::Dumb fu ck Memphis hick!
Plargo::nice slur, you piece of trash
SerioRaider::HEY! I heard on the Sarah Silverman Program that porch monkey is offensive!
rc021363::This troll, Barry,  is a comedian, so he thinks it is ok.
Jayswillbringit::Raps should go along with the refs &amp; vegas and just lose this game already. We need the higher draft pick!
187Raptors::BALL DONT LIE MOFOS
Lebronwadebosh6334::Conley is a f@g! Wtf! Wow! Dude is garbage! Fucc Memphis!
Quickdeath2::That sounds like fear!
rc021363::Grizzlies usually hit their FT
Raptorsfan080::same with the Raps,
Sandy_Smith681349::Toronto Raptors vs. Memphis Grizzlies   a site with info:   http://bit.ly/AgoZZU
gilflores1122::Wat a tease fuc k
Jayswillbringit::What else can the refs do to help this team??? Memphis is brutal tonight!!!!!
187Raptors::Who paid the refs off?
Raptorsfan080::toronto ball! LETS NOT SCREW THIS UP
Quickdeath2::I hope they review it, that may have been off Tor,  not sure
yosemite noah::go raps
SerioRaider::There is nothing to do in Memphis on a Friday night, the refs are trying to keep this game going until their bedtime
kebojr::Memphis kept this game going with their horrific FT shooting
Raptorsfan080::LMAO
Quickdeath2::Ugggg
Raptorsfan080::HE MISSSEDDDDDDDDDDDDD
liljana123::MISSED
