Ayn Bland::Treat 'em like they're the Pacers.  Thunder up!
Bronya Vogel::Time to TTFU!!!!  If you are from Oklahoma and go to any home games in OKC then you know what TTFU is. What is surprising is that it has caught on and I see kids with TTFU t - shirts on now and heck even the grandparents are wearing them. Anyways    TTFU Big Blue Nation!!!!
Shawn Bento::Turn the f up lol
Latece K Christmon::Shawn Bento Thunder the F up
Shawn Bento::Latece K Christmon, should've guessed lol...
Anderson Daniel::Let's go THUNDER!!
Leon Debeljak::OKC really looking good this year,first time that I dont have any major remarks about their game,same old same old scott brooks,but really playing more of a team game this year,great defense and our bench is killin out there...but only problem is that adams,lamb are all unexperienced...other than that,nothing special...
Justin McElhaney::Our bench is the highest scoring bench in the league...no other bench has 30+ points in as many games as OKC...and they said we'd miss Harden and Kmart...our bench is putting up more points without those 2 then with them....
Reeves Cox::Let's go HAWKS! Beat the Thunder! Keep up this great play the last few games and come out with a win! We've been playing beautiful basketball on both ends the last few games. Keep it going!
Gejsi Marku::Westbrick
Leon Debeljak::he can brick those shots all day long as long as he's hustling back on defensive end,distributing the ball and rebounding at this rate...today shots just didnt fall for him,he missed 3 wide open layups,missed the dunk twice...couple of open threes...but in the end,he had a great team night..
Gejsi Marku::Leon Debeljak agreed!
Reeves Cox::Tough loss! But considering how poorly we shot the ball, I thought our guys played hard till the very end and even had a shot. Great make by Westbrook at the end sealed the win for the Thunder. Great game! Keep getting better, GO HAWKS!
Jake Pool::Hello,I make millions but can't make a free throw for my life,who am I? An NBA basketball player
Jimmy Wilson::Westbrick...6-21...raised his shooting %
Bronya Vogel::Yet he defense and assist are very high. As long as he keeps playing the defense he does and helps out like this. He is better then 99% of any other player. Who is your team come in tell us don't be scared.
Nick Bailey::One rebound away from a triple double. Yes he stunk it up on the shooting end, but the difference between old bad Russ and new bad Russ. He is finding ways to be effective if he is having an off shooting night.
Kellen Hansen::Kevin Durant is the MVP
Nick Bailey::He is putting up number right now that only MJ and Bird have. Too bad the media is obsessed with the Pacers in the terrible east.
Kellen Hansen::Couldn't agree more
John Osaki Jr.::I hate to admit it, but Kevin Durant is the MVP of the league right now! Big-time Durant fans, checkout his awesome chapter in the new edition 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Joel Baehler::Anyone think that the Thunder may be holding out Thabo because of a potential trade? I keep waiting for it to happen since he isn't under contract next season.
William Cooper::I don't think OKC trades him. Lamb makes the bench that much better. Why else would Brooks be starting the 3rd string SG in Andre Roberson that OKC just took out of the D-League?
Joel Baehler::Probably because Roberson fills the same role that Thabo does to a T: rangy, plus-wing defender who is limited offensively. I'm not saying it's going to happen immediately, but it won't surprise me Thabo is gone after the trade deadline. I'm just considering this game and any others Thabo misses as a dress rehearsal for Roberson.
Justin McElhaney::Another 30+ points night for our bench....anyone else notice when our bench hits 30 or more we win....
Shawn Bento::But... But they said our bench would suck without Harden and K-Mart.... :(
Trent Conheady::Considering we shot 35% from the floor, I am surprisingly content with this loss
Shawn Bento::Don't know if I want to watch this game or the Pacers stomp the Cheat... Guess I hate Miami that much.
Brandon Tigues::when you see durant with 30 points you know he has to have more than 8 ft attempts
Leon Debeljak::that is the stupidest thing I've ever read in my life...first of all,KD is almost unstoppable when he's driving to the basket,he's practicaly unguardable so that's why he gets his calls,cause they are fouling him...get that??? When you see Durant with 30 points you know he's having a typical night...that would be the right thing to say
Jake Pool::An Elton brand sighting,please retire and practice ft's
Kit Ownby::We can Thunder "around" and still win this one.  OKC by 15
Justin Taslak::I wouldn't be so sure, you confuse "home" Thunder with "road" Thunder, two completely different teams. If the Thunder lose this game they will be a mediocre 5-5 on the road, meaning you can probably forget about them winning a playoff series in which they don't have homecourt advantage.
Anderson Daniel::Justin Taslak 5-4 breakdown 1 without Russell Westbrook 1 after a Serge ejection 1 on a buzzer-beater 1 against the best record in the West  5-4 isn't great. But the Thunder are even a better team on the road than their record claims.
Arvin Ramroop::#thunderup
Jake Pool::Durant can't fuk n make them either!that's why I remember hating basketball
Joseph Bridges::still yet you post over and over and over again on a basketball blog... Do the rest of us a favor and swallow some buck shot
Aron Zoltan Laszik::wow very mature 9 year old using big boi words. I think ur computer time is up buddy...
Jake Pool::Your mother swallows,its all good,funny comin from a guy wit da cow he fu cks for his pic,
Jake Pool::Holy f u c k korver can't even make free throws! How pathetic.maybe he should run around like a chicken with his head cut off and jack it up,fuk n retard
William Cooper::Gee, for a toddler you'd think that sentence would be a lot cleaner.
Jake Pool::Really Billy,I'm sorry to offend you and Justin beiber
Forrest Wolfe::Jake Pool You have the audacity to attack someone for their personal picture yet you hide behind the computer with baby pictures. Funny, loser.
