LeQuain Franklin Shakim::Heat are shooting 63% with 3 TOs, and the Celtics are shooting 29% with 6 TOs. Shut up about the refs.
Chelo Mejias::Band wagon fans aren't allowed in here, please exit
LeQuain Franklin Shakim::Chelo Mejias I'm a sixers fan. And I was just proving how stupid your logic is.
LeQuain Franklin Shakim::Chelo Mejias So you're telling me that a fag just straight up embarrassed you..? Impressive ;)
Daymeon Craig::Celtics by 42
Charles Simpson-Brown::man you troll heat boards so much, you're just mad indy gonna be upset in the first round by the knicks
Daymeon Craig::Funny  I like that!!!!
Christopher Williams::Daymeon Craig Game over bro....I dont see a 42 point lead.
Mickey Hughes::Nice play by the refs getting Rondo to miss both ft's
Mickey Hughes::Maybe you can get Chelo a job being a ref Carol Parker?
Chelo Mejias::Celtics win in a blowout 116-90
Drew Emrich Thurman::no way, Miami wins this with D-Wade on the floor
Chelo Mejias::Drew Emrich Thurman   We'll see about that Drew
Lee Ramos::Chelo Mejias  Lol Chelo trolling on all the boards.  Go Celtics!
Alan Ogg::OK to sum up this game in a nutshell in the perspective of a 12 year old Miami heat 'hater'  Heat win by 30 - 'z0mg, the NBA is rigged! Celtics didnt even have a chance, Heat are cheaters'  heat lose by less than 5- 'z0mg! heat wont 3peat, its just not their year! Heat suck! LBJ will go to the Lakers!'
Steve Harvey::HAHA here comes ED DeSally's 2010 bandwagon Heat fan boyfriend, where's my FRIES at Ogg?? You need to hurry the fk up I've been waiting!!
Chelo Mejias::Steve Harvey   Heat fan logic  We won, we're unstoppable..  We lost, but it's ok..wait till the playoffs...
Steve Harvey::Chelo Mejias got to love new NBA fans haha.
Steve Ungar::AAAAANNNNDDDD, once again, the obsessed trolls jump on here before the Heat fans can even get a word on here.  Cholo is predicting a Celtics win.  But He has been predicting a Heat loss in each game thread this year.  He is 12 for 41 so far.  I hope he has not bet money on that, he could have used that money to buy a business shirt and interview for a job.
Evan Price::Boston Celtics 17 NBA titles Miami flamers 3 ahahah Heat fans(non existent) your all bandwagon punks and lebron will be gone next year and miami will be irrelevant
Joe Reith::Evan Price: how many more seasons have the celtics been in the league? And you won the majority of those ships with like 8 teams in the league, no free agency, and one black guy, which you had, who was a beast. Gtfoh with that weak as.s arguement. Stop livin in the past man!
Steve Ungar::Evan Price Thanks for the Celtics' opinion.  Evan Price Celtics Big 3, one title, two NBA finals in five years.  Blew it early once to the Magic (LOL) and twice to the Heat. Heat Big 3, two titles, three NBA finals in three years.  11-1 in playoff sereis over the past three years.  But hey, thanks for the idea of putting together a superteam.  We just knew to do it without a cancer like Rondo.
Saikiran Annapureddy::Its disturbing how most Heat critics care more about he Heat losing then their own team winning
Chelo Mejias::When the refs have your back in every game, it's hard to think about other teams being good
Saikiran Annapureddy::According to your logic when the Heat win, its because of the refs, but when the Heat lose its because their D-League
Chelo Mejias::Saikiran Annapureddy   The refs can have your back and it's still possible to lose the game, That's a fact.
Jabari Akil::Pacers fans talking about flopping yet Stephenson just got fined again for it.
Evan Michaelis::wait he did? lol
Steve Ungar::Yep.  And that was after MULTIPLE warnings.  Of course the Pacer trolls claim that their team never flops, but the tape don't lie.
Evan Michaelis::Steve Ungar the whole league flops so its not just one team
Charles Nicklis::Bunch of whiny folks...if you are going to throw out false stats, why bother? Miami is 14th in Free Throw Differential in the NBA at +0.4 per game. So every 10 games, they get 4 more free throws. Houston leads the NBA at +8.8. Dont look foolish.
Chelo Mejias::You're an idiot, Lebron drew 7 fouls on him in the last 3 minutes...that's vegas baby..needing the heat to win
Charles Nicklis::Chelo Mejias I'm an idiot for showing the real stats huh??.....uh, okay Where exactly did I say ANYHING about fouls in THIS game for the last 3 minutes? lol
Robert Hawley::Chelo Mejias stop whining like a four year old. there is no conspiracy to help the heat win by the refs. KD and Harden shoot free throws on a higher percentage of their shots, but I don't hear you making conspiracy theories about them.
Doug Coleman::My team sucks and we have no hope of winning anything in the next decade, so I'll just troll Heat Boards. --Chelo Mejias
Chelo Mejias::I go to a really crappy school and was a heat fan since 2010  -Doug Coleman
Jabari Akil::Chelo Mejias You live in New Hampshire.
Saikiran Annapureddy::Chelo Mejias At least he didnt drop out of High School like u
Doug Coleman::The Celtics didn't score the last 3 minutes of the game, "Refs Fault".   --Trolls
Steve Harvey::trolls? LOL all of James points at the end of the game were from the free throw line, I don't know how something can't get more obvious than that.
Robert Hawley::Steve Harvey they were all fouls you nit wit. the Celtics just fouled him at the end to make him beat them at the free throw line. name one that wasn't a foul.
Jihad Struggle Lee::Steve Harvey its obvious, but who cares, only you man
Hugo Medina::Rondo has been in the league for 8 years and he still can't shoot decently
Kervin Vancol::He's a bum.
Jabari Akil::Pacer fans act like it's a championship game very time they face the Heat.  Lance Stephenson: "This is the finals for us man, I look like an Iguana man. Man. I wear AND1 basketball shoes man. CH man. "
Shaun Mitts::Lol Im a knick fan, and i found this hilarious! hhaha lma0
Steve Harvey::Pacers >>>> Heat  It's just common sense kid, get over it. They are the SUPERIOR team this year, just like the Mavs were SUPERIOR to you in 2011.
Doug Coleman::Steve Harvey So the Indiana Pacers should not lose to the Heat in the playoffs, right?
Tony Hartmann::2-15 in their last 17 games. The Celtics are on fire.
Chelo Mejias::Heat lost to the wizards, Heat lost to the hawks, and almost lost to the c's tonight... you guys are going nowhere
Alan Ogg::Chelo Mejias oh noz! no more NBA finalz for the heatz!
Chelo Mejias::Alan Ogg   Ya, you better start crying :)
Dishant Patel::Rajon Rondo 0-8 FG .... REFS Fault!!
Chelo Mejias::Lebron with 7 fouls drawn on him in 3 minutes. perfectly normal  -Heat fans
Jihad Struggle Lee::He's driving to the basket idiot
Chelo Mejias::Jihad Struggle Lee   Celtics drove to the basket ....and no calls.
Mickey Hughes::KD gets more FT's than entire Mia team
Steve Harvey::Quit crying, NOBODY gets more free throws than the cHEAT
Mickey Hughes::NOBODY gets more FT's than KFTD!! Learn to read a stat sheet
Christopher Williams::Mickey Hughes Dont bother explaining stats to people that whine when they don't know what stats are.
Mickey Hughes::4th qtr Lebron once again!!!
Chelo Mejias::all his points were free throws, send the refs a postcard homer
Mickey Hughes::7 total ft's going into 4th qtr for Mia, Yes Bos should send a postcard homer!
Andy Hong::I  LUV HATERS  HEAT ALL DAY
Jabari Akil::Wait, man, you're from Nebraska they might try to assassinate you.
Chelo Mejias::Nebraska?????????? what the actual f***......another band wagoner!
Chelo Mejias::Jabari Akil   You should open up your own fortune telling table....crystal ball and all
Steve Harvey::Easy win for the Celtics.
Christopher Williams::It was real easy wasn't it?
Jabari Akil::"D ROSE HAD A SPRAINED ANKLE AGAINST THE HEAT IN 2011 THAT'S WHY WE LOST 4-1. IF WE HAD ROSE WE WOULDA BEAT Y'ALL LAST YEAR. UH OH WE GOT ROSE NOW, HE AVERAGED 21 IN THE PRESEASON HE BACK. HE ONLY PLAYED 15 GAMES, HE WASN'T FULLY HEALTHY EVEN DOH HE AVERGAED 15 A GAME. MY TEAM CAN'T WIN SO LET ME DICK RIDE THE PACAS. DAY DA BEST."  - Sack riding Bulls Fans
Chelo Mejias::I support flop james, boshasaurus rex, and Judas Shuttlesworth....3 of the biggest tools in the NBA  -Heat fans
Jabari Akil::Chelo Mejias 3 rings homegirl, 3 rings.
Chelo Mejias::Jabari Akil   17 rings squid!
Brandon Tigues::if rondo makes those two fts it's 88-90 with 44 seconds left to play, which means Boston didn't have to foul..they would've gotten the ball back with more than enough time to either tie or win the game, fact is rondo choked but your trying to blame the refs for it..stop making excuses.
Chelo Mejias::Refs couldn't keep the whistle out of their mouths in lebron's favor the last 3 minutes... go to the ESPN play by play page....it tells the story that's related to my point
Brandon Tigues::Chelo Mejias the part you're missing is..rondo choked
Jeffrey Nicholas::Brandon Tigues That and the fact that when someone commits a foul, its their job to call it. I wasn't the least bit squeamish when Bron got those calls because they weren't even questionable calls. He was getting hacked pretty good once he started going hard to the rim.
Treyvon Carter::I never seen a player hated like this, but hey I guess ppl have no life,
Chelo Mejias::Says a guy who's a manager at "hustlin'"  Do your homework
Steve Harvey::Treyvon looks like your typical dbag Heat fan.
Alan Ogg::Chelo Mejias says a guy from New Hampshire, is that even a state in canada?
Mickey Hughes::Chelo Mejias  Follow   Top Commenter  Salem, New Hampshire Celtics win in a blowout 116-90 Reply  10  Like  Unfollow Post   Just listen to reason Mia fans!!!
Chelo Mejias::Without massive ref help, the score would have been 116-90....don't hate the truth
Mickey Hughes::Blah-blah-blah....Broken record!
Steve Ungar::Wait, so a bunch of people have cholo metrollus on block, so you are going to echo his lies?  Weak.  Please don't do that, there is a reason we skip his comments.
Steve Harvey::Even in down years the Celtics and Bulls OWN the Heat.... Ouch, well this is it Heat fans, enjoy it. Lebron's got about 4 more months left in Miami before he packs his bags and leaves.
Karla Elden::Yeah ur right, they owned the heat during the regular season and CHOKED in the playoffs.
Saikiran Annapureddy::How did the Celtics and Bulls do in the playoffs against them? 4-1, 4-3, 4-1. Bulls 11, C's 12, Bulls 13
Alan Ogg::how about dem 2011 2012 and 2013 playoffs buddy?
Steve Harvey::Miami: full of Immigrants, Face Eating Zombies, Cheap Hookers, and horrible sports teams.
Chelo Mejias::And don't forget...Ed Desalle
Kervin Vancol::Chicago...really?
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Ed Desalle is a ladyboy
