Otto::Why doesn't  Miami give Beasley more minutes  of play he should be a starter.
Thedood::Gotta give the Magic credit, they were blown out by the Heat at Orlando on Wednesday but they came to play tonight. Heat cannot sleepwalk their way to a win here.
michaela::I don't know why Oladipo didn't have anymore minutes in this game, he makes things happen with his energy.
Thedood::It was a good win tonight against an opponent that really came to play. Big Baby is going to be huge for them. Oladipo/Davis/Afflalo/Vucevic, this is not a bad team. I just wish I can understand Spoelstra sometimes with his rotations. Beasley gives you 9 points and 3 boards on 4-4 shooting in 8 minutes then he doesn't see the floor again? makes no sense. But oh well, I'll take the win nonetheless.
Darth Apollyon::So with Rose out it will be Pacers vs Heat once again, and if nothing out of the extraordinary happens the Spurs in the West to repeat last season.  They should jump the regular season and just go into the conference Finals.  Who is ready for the next season already?
Schmitty::I bet Orlando is glad it's north of the land of syphilis where people do PCP and eat other's faces off.
John S::Score for the last 2 seasons is Heat fans = 2 championships and Heat haters = zero.
Guest::And all you sHeat fans think everyone else is wearing themselves out early. LoL. The Big 3 should have been sitting the whole 4th quarter against this sheet team. Instead they struggled and had to play all 4. Hope they don't plan on finishing watching the Spurs play because Parker and Duncan only played 15 and 16 minutes against their sheet opponent. Up by 33 at the half!!
mrmiami1354::The nba is the worst sport off all of them teams never get better same teams win all the time boring and LeBron really the guy left a team to go to a team of stars cus he new he wasn't a leader.Did uc bird magic Jordan go to other teams no they stayed and won championships.
davidson::If it wanted to, Miami can win 50 in a row.
