Niners_2012_Champs::The Mavericks are old and done, they are going to be 1 and done this year....Without Chandler,Barea,and Stevenson hahah.
griffin550::This is their rebuilding year. They aren't supposed to win the championship this year. Just making the playoffs this year is a success.
BBallfan6199::mavs have better chance of getting first pick in draft then repeat
redraiderfan35::yea i love betting against a team that had 3 shots been different would be 13-4 having swept the thunder laker and clippers thus far, not to mention the fact they have shawn marion have a career season, vince carter playing the best basketball hes played in 5 years, lamar odom waiting to actually be a factor, the deepest bench in the nba, and dirk nowitski yet to actually play like dirk.....youre either from miami, la, or the r word, they got a great shot at another title and i hope you are from miami so when dirk, dwill and d12 are double fisting lebron and hopefully respectively pushing wade out of the way (they would mess with bosh but by now hes already crying in the locker room) hope youve stockpiled enough tissues for a few seasons.  and in case that wasnt enough dirk=best playoff performance in the last decade of bball, and as fans are so quick to point out, playoffs are where the pressure etc matter most, ill take the jet, dirk and kidd, over anyone in the nba
BBallfan6199::mavs chance of repeat=zero
CaptainKirkman::Get off our board, Thunder troll. OKC has no right to speak until they do something.   4-1. Respect your superiors
R Bond::Choke-K-C? Cho-K-C   LOL
Sir Saint 93::i love what im am seeing from the hornets this year every player is playing their heart out all we need is to have a couple solid draft picks and this team will be back in the playoffs
1mythbusterfan::The 3-point line had to have been falling asleep or something.
nba is the vvorst::Way to go MAVS
drac1100::If there is one team that the Mavs absolutely own in the western conference it is OKC.  Even when they were completely listless out of the gate it took a wild 3 for OKC to win at home.  Not saying the mavs are a  better team right now, but something about the matchups.  Wish Mavs played them every night!
HurricaneHamlin::Dallas &gt; Chokelahoma City
winterfresh98::Dallas Vs Boston for the Senior Bowl
hannimanni41::thunder fans are almost as silly as heat fans.... think they are guaranteed a spot in the finals.. lol
hannimanni41::good night... come back when ur team has a champ lol
winterfresh98::Packer and Cowboy  fan talk
hannimanni41::its the championships both those teams have produced in those years that have given these fans the right to think this way......
hannimanni41::its alright buddy...... in ur deluded mind (for pst 3 years) you and heat fans actually believe....  HEAT?THUNDER ................................... .................................... ................................... rest of league
eliassteve::First get to the finals before OKC fans get to talk about it.
winterfresh98::oh semis is early, ok..and how many times did you guys choke before you finally won the big one
hannimanni41::well im out.... enjoy the championships the team has accrued the last couple years..
winterfresh98::Yeah Im going to doubt my team....idiot
winterfresh98::Sure
hannimanni41::love the thunder "fan" trolling the defending champions board making ludicrous statements about the thunder bieng a better franchise than the mavs....
winterfresh98::show me where I said Thunder were a better franchise team than Dallas?
kent432::you are a true basketball fan
winterfresh98::still waiting
hannimanni41::guarantee u werent a sonics fan LMFAO
winterfresh98::ok if you think so
hannimanni41::ha ha what???? thats an intelligent insight... words of a struggling idiot
winterfresh98::Im sure you are a tough 6'2 230 pure muscle with a 9" pee pee, right....keep assuming
hannimanni41::im sure u were buddy
winterfresh98::guarantee I was, try again
winterfresh98::Durant, Jeff Green and Collison were the only Sonics that moved to OKC....Brooks and his new team are and have formed nicely.
winterfresh98::I understand we arent an expansion team but look at the young talent that is on that team and the progression they made in under 3 years.  Semis last year and they are currently the best in the NBA...
BigDtown09::I don't even know him, but you seem to be a pot calling the kettle black.
winterfresh98::ok now you see how annoying this is right, thats your guy dirk4prez
BigDtown09::Stop moving the goal post, your original point was stupid.
winterfresh98::the team isnt a few years old but they are young...if you think I sound ridiculous please join in on the dirk4prez trollfest on non game boards...
BigDtown09::Sure,  but your point about the team only being a few years old is stupid.  And there were 6 guys who transferred to the Thunder in their first season.
nojerryfan::Don't look now but we're tied for first in the division. I think we can win with this team. Chandler can be replaced by Mahini/Haywood and if Roddy can become more consistent then you don't have to miss Barea, then you have Delonte West and Odom.. it's just a matter of time to gel... I think the Clippers though are for real....
winterfresh98::Odom hates Dallas, wont happen
texasrami::THUNDER SUCK A$$!!! Later G-N
winterfresh98::They sure do
nojerryfan::What a wierd game... first of all it was a road win without Dirk. Nuff said right? But jeez Jason Kidd is so confusing... he shoots an O-fer but he got 9 boards and what, 5 assists? Then Terry just keeps shooting without any conscious at all (3-16?!) yet we won anyway... guess we can't get hung up on the details...
winterfresh98::These Mav fans are starting to sound like  2 week ago Packer fans
the_muffinman::quit being a little beyatc...you live in oklahoma.  we bounced you last year.  remember?  you had your chance at the champs.  you just didn't, and don't, have a point guard
winterfresh98::Durant, Green and Collison were the only ones that stayed, new coach and overhaul...
BigDtown09::You are not an expansion team, stop being dumb.
winterfresh98::How old is Thunder and how old is Mavs.   Thunder has progressed heavily in under 3 years
BigDtown09::Youre a fan of a team that hasn't won anything and you're talking trash about the defending champs. You're going to get trash talked back.
BigDtown09::You relocated, you're not an expansion team.
Miguel6362::Thunder bearly been in league and how long has mavs been in league and they bearly won there first one. That's sad
winterfresh98::haha no, actually this would be my 2nd time....he trolls non game Thunder boards which is why he wont admit he has Thunder gear in his closet ready for the playoffs
BigDtown09::You troll Mavs boards just as much as he trolls Thunder boards.
Alan Hardt::Jason Kidd...time to hang them up....Worst shooting guard in the NBA.....
the_muffinman::not getting paid for jump shots.  did you watch the playoffs last year?
DirkNowitzki4President::14 straight games the Mavs have held their opponents to less then 100  *Franchise Record  Better DEFENSE then last season
winterfresh98::Cuban is using YI to make Mavs relevant this season with a new market
Snakes_::dude give it up. the game is over.
texasrami::Better franchise: Mavs&gt;Thunder
DFW2NYC::Mavs &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Hornets &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Charlotte &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Seattle &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; OKC
Miguel6362::&lt;
FanofTexas28::Mavs bought that Championship. LMAO!!
Bronsonphil::They won $@%!
Chargers_4_Sale::How can you win, when Cuban keeps writing checks?
Bronsonphil::Cuban put the team together for da win
Chargers_4_Sale::......................
FanofTexas28::Yeah, we have sooooo many all-stars.
Snakes_::what does that even mean?
DFW2NYC::Logic &gt; OKC.  I think
BigDtown09::Uggh, still 3 more games without Dirk.
DFW2NYC::At least we should get a real Dirk back after all this.
DirkNowitzki4President::Give him rest so he will be in full strength by playoff time
Snakes_::all at home though.... that should help
FanofTexas28::An ugly win against the Hornets is better than a loss against the Wizards.
winterfresh98::enjoy that 10-7
BigDtown09::It feels better when you are the defending champs.
DirkNowitzki4President::sad OKC
winterfresh98::talk about sad who trolls the Thunder board and any article relating to Thunder
Miguel6362::Who is the tall Asian guy. Never see him play
winterfresh98::Yu Darvish
Snakes_::Yi Jianlian... they just picked him up a few weeks ago.
shine_70126::Hornets lose smh saints got something 2 do with this
Bronsonphil::A win is a win
wreckem tech101::true dat....hahaha
Mavsolute Beast 41::Later MFFLs
winterfresh98::How many strokes and heart attacks were recorded tonight
antwone420::the mavs suck a fat mother $@%!$@% dick piece of $@%!$
Chargers_4_Sale::lol
Cowboys_Fan_I982::Broke beeetch
wreckem tech101::Ugly @ss games by the Mavericks, but they're still winning. lol
Chargers_4_Sale::Hornets good job taking those flukes to the limits.
FanofTexas28::2011 Western Conference Finals. You're mad.
winterfresh98::Yeah I gave them their props, this year they are feeling their true age
FanofTexas28::Aiiiiirballl!
Mavsolute Beast 41::YEAH!
allsport799::Crap that was close.
Snakes_::hahahaha.... all those extra free throws..... still couldn't get it done.
MavsFan2609::did we win? my stream died :(
DirkNowitzki4President::yea mine went and then came back but we got the WIN
Snakes_::yep
mavericksfan4life256::good win without dirk
DirkNowitzki4President::YES GO MAVS!!!!!!!!  No Dirk and No Carter
DFW2NYC::game over, nice win all things considered.
Bronsonphil::The game is over
wreckem tech101::F..k'n Jarret Jack always gives me a heart-attack.
Chargers_4_Sale::Is that Stephon Marbury?
Cowboys_Fan_I982::OMG
Cowboys_Fan_I982::he's gonna miss on purpose
DirkNowitzki4President::good foul
mavericksfan4life256::nice foul kidd
MavsFan2609::west got nailed
wreckem tech101::MAVS winner winner chicken dinner.
