1999 Knicks Number 8 Seed::What about Chandler u dumb bafoon
LeoPat11::I as a Bulls fan have been watching the Knicks highlights and the team looks in great chemistry and sync on both ends of the court.
knicksman7654::Thank u for being honest. All of these other guys say the Knicks have no chemistry. Ur one of the only non Knicks fans I have heard say that.
ohio herd::Enjoy the ride woodson ole buddy cause as soon as melo gets mad at you and starts pouting and slacks your gone!
DRose4Life01::The New York Knicks suck.
mkumar91::Sick picture bro...dumb hater
Ronyq19::what a f@cking hater !!! really
macys672003::Why?
Raymond0259::You actually think he would tell you why?
knicksman7654::And he like his own comment... F a g
stone419::i woulda guessed bulls
123abc456xxy::b/c he a heat fan
ididnotairballijustmisstheshot::Perkin hard foul on blake.griffin..retaliation???  you tell me  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fc5ct27KJB8
evolution_xx::Gary Sobers: Arguably the greatest cricketer of all time
RyanCarranza::New York fans... As much as I love how much the Knicks are improving, it only makes the East look more legit, do you all honestly believe the Knicks can take out the Bulls or the Heat considering how insane this season has been for your team?  The Knicks are nothing but streaks... No consistency
macys672003::If you believe that anything can happen in the playoffs then you have to believe the Knicks can take out the Bulls.  Underdogs are the American way of life - the reason we love them is because every once in a while the improbable happens.
beckywest19::Nobody expected the Mavericks to win it last year.  Anomalies can happen.
RyanCarranza::I picked them before the season started and won 2 grand because of it...
BrooklinInDaHouse::I love the anti-Knick fans that think the Knicks are talking smack about taking out the bulls or Heat in the playoffs.  As a Knick fan it is quite evident that they are not as good as those two teams mentioned but it would be great if they could win the first round and go from there.  Should they lose then at least it is something positive to build on.  I'm a realist and only need to see improvement and the team going in the right direction.  What happens if the Bulls or Heat lose again with superior talent?
Knicks2DaDeath::um yea we can take out the heat or bulls. we had the same streaky season in 99 when we went from 8th to almost great! i feel alot of playoff upsets this year...
RyanCarranza::No you can't.
R.Chop::Stat has been in beast mode lately.
getmine73::Lin is the poor man's Nash. this team is winning because of defense. this winning streak is much more impressive then that 7 game streak. they have been up by at least 18 in every games besides last night
yujong::Lin is a lot better than nash was in year 2.  It took about 4 or 5 years before nash became the player we saw.
BrooklinInDaHouse::Lin has a lot of upside and will get better in A) ball handling  B) Physically getting stronger, and C) his jumpshot.  He has the athleticism to suceed and a great work ethic, and most importantly he's a cerebral player!  Anyone who suggests that he get traded for a 38 yr old player does not know anything about value and long term benefit.
RyanCarranza::Lin is going to be a pretty good point guard once he develops more of his handles, but Nash is a 2X MVP who could possibly be the best point guard, no reason to compare these two right now.  Wait till Lin is in the league a few more years as a starter
getmine73::i can understand that point of view but answer this for me......why was NY so willing to trade or suggest  Melo fit in with Lin &amp; hand the team to Lin based off a 7 game win streak when you just stated....he's pretty good &amp; we need to wait a few more years when Melo has a proven 9 year NBA career
BAMA BOYZ 251::Knicks should have traded Lin(and others) for Nash. Lin has no handles a blind man can rip the ball from him
R.Chop::Nash  Year	Team	GP	GS	MPG	FG%	3P%	FT%	RPG	APG	SPG	BPG	PPG 1996–97	Phoenix	65	2	10.5	.423	.418	.824	1.0	2.1	.3	.0	3.3 1997–98	Phoenix	76	9	21.9	.459	.415	.860	2.1	3.4	.8	.1	9.1 1998–99	Dallas	40	40	31.7	.363	.374	.826	2.9	5.5	.9	.1	7.9 1999–00	Dallas	56	27	27.4	.477	.403	.882	2.2	4.9	.7	.1	8.6
BAMA BOYZ 251::Just from what I see. I just feel like Lin wants to take over the game too much by going in the paint n then throwing up a crazy shot. He was 1 for 10 until the fourth quarter when they tried to double Amare. but you have a point too.
Rdiu::lol trade Lin for Nash, Bama Boyz you should go work for Jordan , you two would become the trade master of NBA together
BAMA BOYZ 251::Lol Isiah hahahahaha thats funny. So you think that they should wait until Lin grows up? That just gives Miami enough time to get better and gives Chicago well..........Derrick Ross more time to reach his prime
R.Chop::Look at Nash's stat in his first 4 seasons, Lin is eclipsing his stats. This is Lin's first year of heavy playing time. Lin is going to be just fine. Only Isiah Thomas would trade Lin for Nash right now.
R.Chop::Why would they trade for 38 yr old Nash, when Lin has so much upside?
getmine73::where are all the D'Antoni lovers now???
yujong::He sucks when one player was trying to sabatoge you.  It takes one guy to make a defense suck.
BAMA BOYZ 251::he sucks when it comes to D!
TheArrowToTheKnee8-Is Back::no one ever liked DAntoni idiot.
TheArrowToTheKnee8-Is Back::NY was blaming both and they had a right to boo melo as well when he misses 10+ shots
getmine73::u sound like a fool. NY was blaming Melo &amp; wanted to trade him you fool. all i heard was how much his system worked in Phx.
TheArrowToTheKnee8-Is Back::read what papers??? I actually live in NY I dont know about you but all Ive read is how people want DAntoni gone, have you even watched the Knicks on the losing streak? they were booing him almost every game. How about you read some of the comments of ESPN stories on the losing streak before DAntoni got fired before making stuff up.
getmine73::read the papers before this win streak. you were probably one of the leaders
getmine73::you knick fans are funny, jumping on &amp; off the wagon. worst fans ever
Byron9163::They better enjoy it, because it won't last for long when they play against real teams
RyanCarranza::They really do hop on and off the wagon...
LouBane::Y doesn't anyone mention Carmelo directing traffic in the 4th quarter.  Asking the players to clear out for Lin....Melo is doing more than people realize...
markou06::cant tell if serious. Does telling people to clear out for somebody else count as doing something? if that was a joke, that's pretty funny.
myaulin::yes intangibles..getting the team in for the impromptu huddle, putting his arm around teammates etc even haters admit he is trying harder now in general  just wish he could finish at the rim like the old days
getmine73::cause they still hate on him.
TheArrowToTheKnee8-Is Back::The only thing Im worried about is the 2 Bull games 2 Orlando games and the Heat game, other than that the Knicks should be fine
RyanCarranza::The Bucks can sneak into the playoffs just was easily as the Knicks
TMZ sportsite::the team  u should worry about is the bucks ruining ur playoff spot
TMZ sportsite::knicks= joke, ill promise u the knicks wont make the playoffs
Derek_Jeter007::nope nobody cares loser
TMZ sportsite::dont get mad cause the knicks are under .500, they blow
TMZ sportsite::a new team lol, the fact u have to talk crap about me over the computer shows that u believe what im talking about
TheArrowToTheKnee8-Is Back::OHHHH!
Does Wayne Brdy Hfta Djokovic::they are new team, and they are a force. Get back in the kitchen where you belong
Derek_Jeter007::they are new team, and they are a force.  Get back in the kitchen where you belong
Knicks2DaDeath::nobody cares about your promises buddy
Does Wayne Brdy Hfta Djokovic::Damn...only if Dantoni had Nash in NY and coached defense. Other than that he was great
Does Wayne Brdy Hfta Djokovic::No, she'd be your transsexual aunt
Derek_Jeter007::that is true haha.  Point is D'Antoni sucked at everything..
Derek_Jeter007::If my aunt had 2 balls she would be my uncle, other than that yayaya
Derek_Jeter007::The Knicks are mean team now!  They defend, they knock down shots, If Lin would learn how to play against physical teams we could match up with anyone, but he scares me against the Mavs, Bulls, and Heat!  Last night he was getting hammered the first 3 quarters, and it worries me!
E. Jack Culator::stephen a. smith is being nig.gardly when it comes to praising jeremy lin
CalaisYaY::dantoni leaving is better than anything that has happened to the knicks this past year, even better than linsanity
Derek_Jeter007::Amen Brother, he was not a coach he was hoax!!
Ronyq19::Bucks vs celtics Tonight can not be better for my Knicks ....
mangano@dp7racing.net::Never look behind always look forward in the standings...We want Bucks to win so Boston and Phili dont get further away.
R.Chop::You're right, I was trying to figure out which team I wanted to win. Bucks to win it is
auggie2982::HOPE BOTH TEAM PLANES TAKE A DUMP
auggie2982::TAKE A GIANT DUMP ON THE STUPID NEW YORK SUBERB OF PHILLY...SIXERS ARE GARBAGE AND LIKE THE METS AND JETS
E. Jack Culator::nice sentence composition
knowledgeable_sam07ny::I gained mad respect from philly i thought my knicks were going to blow you guys out but ya are a tough defensive team .. i think philly's problem is they need a big man who can dominate in the paint &amp; a closer in tight games ... Iman Shumpert our best on ball perimeter defender had Lou Williams on lock and no one else for the sixers stepped up, they had multiple opportunities to either take the lead or tie it but they either took contested shots &amp; didnt try and draw a foul or they missed easy layups .. anyways great game
Jai22T::Only thing the Knicks know how to do is over pay players,thats it..
E. Jack Culator::twice
jesse.nile::and beat the sixers
Jai22T::NY is the 8th seed ...
myaulin::3 games back from 4th spot
Knicks2DaDeath::i hope the celtics win the division and the knicks get 7th seed, i have 3 miami heat 1st home game playoff tickets that will quadruple if the heat play the knicks 1st round
Jai22T::As a Knicks fan u should hope they win the divsion and get out the 7th and 8 spot.
RyanCarranza::and still below .500
RyanCarranza::Good for NY, they learned to play defense, but lets be honest... They are not making out of the first round against the top tier teams... Chicago and Miami.
jayklassic::I've been a Knick fan since the early eighties,  the era where Bird, magic, DR.J, ruled, M.J. began his domination of the league, So many years and many knick rosters, somehow I believe we have the talent to finally compete, However the foundation is there, just not the chemistry, as Knick fans we need to stop adding pressure to a kid who has elevated his game by leaps and bounds, Jeremy Lin is a outstanding talent and will get better as his career furthers, but to say he's a top 5 point guard right now is nonsense, this will only make him a target every time he steps in the arena, lets just be excited he fell in our laps!!! Lets go Knicks!!!!
jayklassic::Thanks Ryan!! I've had the pleasure of seeing my beloved Yankees, Giants win championships, and I'll continue to hold on for my knicks, you can have all the talent in the world but without chemistry your lost.
RyanCarranza::As a Bulls fan, I can appreciate your objective look on Lin and the Knicks.  You are a rare breed my friend.
RyanCarranza::Since when am I worried about Lin or the Knicks?
Rdiu::as a Knicks fan , why are you here at Knicks board if you have no interest at all?
Bobbyky818::As a Bulls fan, why are you worried about Jeremy Lin and the Knicks?
loc519::jeremy lin still a virgin? lol
yale203::i highly doubt that.
MichealLinello::Knicks need to sign Diaw!!!
_History_Buff_::Lin is a scrub!
MichealLinello::LinBosanity in NY!!!!!!!
1PKr::I can see the two of them now, going to each others games
Knicks2DaDeath::Knicks Playing Defense Hard Now! I can take a loss when we play hard D, but ill take the Win even more!
John Michael00::Knicks have too many pgs!
Derek_Jeter007::We really don't have any true PG's that are capable.  That is where you are misunderstood.  Lin gets dominated by physical guards and small forwards, I see us struggling in the playoffs unless he gets much better quickly!
Bobbyky818::Only 1 true point in Baron, Jeremy is still learning and actually played 2 guard in college, and Bibby just sucks at it.
Rdiu::Bibby sucks doesn't mean he's not PG , Lin played every Knicks games as a PG, he might not be in that position in college, but he is a PG in NBA
laststonerstanding::2 is too many?
Rdiu::3 actually
yale203::I saw Lin play in person last night.  The dude moves quick on that court.  He is best as a drive the the basket guy.  He is not a good shooter away from basket.
Rdiu::he'll improve his shooting , look at his FT now , seem like he had been working on it
Michael38061::Lin = Barry White
stone419::high praise
b.ball_player28::NOW the knicks are a PLAYOFF team, still not championship material.
FEAR_THE_HEAT::Funny how there were millions of knick fans during linsanity, during the losing streak nobody was around, now everyone is back
TMARTSTHENAME81::Hey a.s.s.clown there were tons of Knicks fans on the Knicks boards during the losing streak you idiot. I was chatting and arguing with tons of them you clearly have no clue as to what you are talking about. We were all arguing whos fault it was Dantoni, Melo, Amare or a combo.
New_York_For_The_Win::I was here too, but with other name. But yeah I was here so stop lying dude
New_York_For_The_Win::AWWW a Heat fan? Oh That explains it all
stone419::no thats not true, i was here and so were others.
b.ball_player28::but its true. u didnt see a single knicks fan here when they lost 8 straight
Visionsun916::BREAKING NEWS: Tebowmania sleeps on the couch of Linsanity
1PKr::Lin and Tebow together BFF in NY!
jeremylin2013allstarstarteroverrose::Who wins this matchup?   26% (1) Derek Jeter  74% (4) Jeremy Lin (Total votes: 51,737)
Michael38061::Melo was ready to tank the whole season with that groin injury. They were what, 8-15? Then Linsanity took the Knicks on a 7-game winning streak without Melo. That's what made Melo come back. He couldn't stand Lin being in the spotlight
t casey::Make up your minds, people. Before, all the Melo haters were saying he was delaying his comeback until the Knicks lost a game so it would make him look like the hero. Now, it's he was going to tank the entire season but came back sooner to steal Lin's thunder. Which one is it?  Lately the dude's been deferring quite a bit to Amare and Lin instead of looking for his own shot as well as playing good man-to-man defense and passing more for a change. The guy's trying to fit in. Give him some credit. He ain't the anti-christ.
Lorenzomax14::Lin was hated by most of those brainwashed ppl in China...actually.
raphael531::i bet Lorenzomax14 is some Taiwanese dog who is trying to spoil the reputation of China
Jlvis123::As I'm in China now,We love Lin as much as Yao. what you said is absolutely wrong.
Michael38061::sources?
jeremylin2013allstarstarteroverrose::I HAVE A WHOLE LOT OF RESPECT FOR JETER EVERY TIME I WATCH HIM PLAY ITS NEVER EASY TO STRIKE HIM OUT
fdavidson1106::You guys are bordering on delusional Lin is a very good player, but seriously, stop comparing him to guys who've had 10 all-star appearances.
lomahtw::people seem to  have forgetten he is only a 2nd year 'rookie' who has 'actually' played for not more than 30 games this season. if you stop  for a sec and take a look at those allstar players. then you should really almost of them didn't make it as allstar players in their 1st few seasons.  Linsanity was too good that made people forget this is only his 2nd seasons.  as time goes by, he will be one of those players.
wetizen::exactly that what's I'm talking about.
yujong::The biggest joke is saying Lin's success is a product of D'antoni's system.  Some joker on TV said Rubio would avg. 20 assists a game if he played in that system.  So I guess Adelman is a moron for not changing his system.  Wake up every team runs the pick and roll.  The guy doesn't need the pick and roll to get to the basket.  In the NBA your lucky if there are 30 guys that can get to the rack when they want.  NBA comes down to a handful of possessions in the 4th quarter.  If you have a guy that can create his own shot or for someone else that is huge.
wetizen::Shuu.....whispering to your ears. Someone out there sharpening his tongue to get back to that - Stephan A Smith
fdavidson1106::Senile? Over who, Derrick Rose, Deron Williams, Rajon Rondo, DWade, Kyrie Irving? I mean Rondo didn't even make it to the All-Star game this yera, he was selected after injuries to other players. If Rondo who is definitely better than Lin didn't make it, what makes you think Lin is going to be a starter. There are alot of great point gaurds in the League.
jeremylin2013allstarstarteroverrose::Who wins this matchup?   26% (1) Derek Jeter  74% (4) Jeremy Lin (Total votes: 51,737)
fdavidson1106::Derek Jeter, 5 championships, Hall of Famer, 1 of the top 5 yankees to ever play, 3000+ hits, 313 career batting average, is it even close?  Talk to me in 10 years.
wetizen::The poll is just trying to figure out who is most likely favorite players currently. You can't bring up each player statistic and compare then. Probably after 10 years, you'll be dead, who knows? Lin may quit NBA after injury, who knows?
wetizen::Linsanity Alive!!!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLPBTq0-UbQ
dontplayah8::None of these Knick wins would be possible if Melo wasn't on the court. Teams still continue to double him making it so much easier for Lin and Amare to score.
Nestor222100::Melo Haters? The guy is irrelevant, 5-15 from the field so much the AP writers have a macro to paste it in the box score.  When he hits over %50 from the field...or at least %50 I might think he is important.  The Denver Nuggets are really struggling without that 5-15 every night.
yujong::the next time I see lin guy leave to double Carmelo would be the first time.  Novak makes it easier for Lin because he stays outside leaving the lane less congested for lin to penetrate.  Melo like to stand at the free throw extended area making it easy for his guy to help on D.  Sure anyone hitting shots would help whether it is Melo or someone else.  Melo has actually been passing and playing D lately which is why they started to win.
AP Giants::The Melo hatrers don't understand that! But Melo does need to start making shots.  When he does this team will be more then dangerous.
Michael38061::Knicks can win with or without Melo. They can't win without Lin
Michael38061::The Giants couldn't have won without Eli Manning either
Michael38061::Lin is the orchestrator of this team. He sets the tone from the beginning. You can't win with this team without that kind of leadership. Ask Magic Johnson
AP Giants::I repeat. You have no clue about basketball.  Watch the game not just Lin!
fdavidson1106::I love Lin's game bu tot say the Knicks can't win without Lin is just stupid. lin is a great 2nd year player, with aobut 20 starts under his belt, you are crazy to think you can compare him to 10 year veterans who've been doing it for a decade at a very high level, you can not .
Michael38061::I know that Melo is a liability
AP Giants::Then you don't know basketball.  He couldn't even been up the ball by himself.
_History_Buff_::Lin has turned out to be a below average player.
Jlvis123::Your test about history knowledge  has passed?
fdavidson1106::Really, your dumb , Lin is well above average.  He's in top 7 PG's in all categories per 48 , except rebounding.
rubaiyatreader::Guys just trolling. There's a Cleveland fan over at SI that said it's obvious Lin doesn't have NBA material just this week. Some people just want to be contrarian or troll.
jeremylin2013allstarstarteroverrose::I HAVE GREAT NEWS ,LIN HAS OUT VOTED DERRICK JETER HAS NEWYORKS MOST BELOVED PLAYER ,,,,,IM SO PROUD OF HIM
yale203::when Lin has 5 rings, like Jeter has 5 world series (96, 98, 99, 00, 09), then you can make that comparison.  ridiculous.  plus, the Yankees are a much more beloved team than the Knicks.  The Yankees are THE New York tea.
Genx9w::Its just a popularity poll by ESPN. I dont know why its such a big deal. People are getting their panties tied up in a bunch. Lin has a bigger following internationally even though Jeter is more accomplished. I dont understand why  ppl are bashing Lin. He never said he's better then Jetter yet so many are crying about it on the beloved boards.   Basketball season is IN right now. Lin is very popular in China. That's why he's winning. Beloved does NOT mean accomplished... so stop crying already.
yale203::Lin may be more beloved in China, true.  But how can someone be so beloved who has only played 30 games.  Now, in NY, Jeter is much more beloved.  He has earned that respect from 16 years of playing about 2,500 games.  Lin might be more popular now because he is the hot commodity.  But we can only do a proper comparison if we wait 15 years till the end of Lin's career, if he lasts that long, which I strongly doubt, to assess who is more popular.  In terms of New York sports hero legacy, I am willing to bet a lot that Jeter will be much more enduring.
antiquity92::probably not true, im not a baseball fan but the yankees have a pretty substantial international following
TitanGM::Having a sword doesn't make you a warrior, having those rings doesn't make you the most beloved. You don't have a clue what is the point of his comparison. BTW, If NY might have most Jeter fans, in the other side of the world people doesn't even have an idea who he is, but that is not the same for JLin. World know him multiple times better than Jeter.
jeremylin2013allstarstarteroverrose::THATS NOT WHAT THE WORLD SAYS GO CHECK IT OUT AND U WILL SEE BUDDY,,,,ITS SOOOO AWSOME HORAAY FOR LIN
