Martín Polanco::Go Warriors!
Gino Foggia::I love watching this Warriors team play but it's too bad they have a b00b who lacks any type of sensible coaching like Mark Jacksons ability to blow any game at anytime when it's on the line. You think he would learn from his vast mistakes but he continues to cost this team nightly!
John Martin::Another poor shooting night for Thompson and an off night for Curry. Sorry, but these two are not the best pair of shooting guards in the NBA.  They have their moments and Curry has more of them, but that is about it.
Tom Totosz::In 30 minutes tonight wilson chandler has somehow seemed to have a box score like he has barely been out there. 2 rebounds? 0 assist? Way to show up to just laucnh 11 shots at the bucket and go home.
Tom Totosz::Wow. Chandler is the worst. Missing 3's at the end and Free Throws. Total piece of trash. If he could manage to do anything tonight Denver wins but he crapped down his leg. Seriously should not be paid for today but he'll get his fat check still. Any of us took a day off and we'd be fired
Tom Totosz::Ty Lawson just not himself lately. He usually can take a game over. Lately its been missing big shots and turnovers in crunch time
Duddly Jones::Harrison barnes 1/6...............what's wrong with these people?
Mason Wesley Lloyd::I'm glad Mark Jackson listened to me and has started going inside more... Seemed pretty obvious
Mason Wesley Lloyd::One day Ty Lawson will become consistent and he will usher in a new era of NBA amazingness... ... maybe...
Tom Totosz::Thought by NO ONE EV ER. He only comes to play when TY wants to come and play. Typical piece of NBA garbage
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Ty what the f-ck. Go get the ball, don't wait for it to come to you. You're better than that...
Samit Jain::ok let me get this right - these 2 teams can neither play defense nor offense?
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Eh, good game Warriors. Except for Iggy, that guy can suck it.
Sawyer Fletcher::you wish you had iggy, lol
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Sawyer Fletcher uhh, do I wish I were myself but an NBA player similar to Iggy? Hell yes. I'd be the white Scottie Pippin and it would be glorious.
John Martin::Deja vu the playoffs last year.  Or as the Nuggets might say, deja poo.
Evan Eberhardt::Inconsistent.  Denver will miss the playoffs.
Joshua Hsu::and why is darell arthur in this game in crunch time???
Gregory Houston::5 GS layups or dunks in the first 5 minutes.  The is no D in ENVER.
David Britton::including the broncos
Gregory Houston::David Britton Is a Hyundai a car-wanna-be?
Samit Jain::two bad teams living by the jumper
Samit Jain::both struggling
Chris McCarty::Dig it out Nuggets.!!
Duddly Jones::they can travel tho
Junior Ramon Hernandez Rosal::Aqui nos encontramos con un buen juego por su pariedad y hemos handicapeado muy detenidamente el mismo y creemos que GOLDEN STATE se llevara la victoria  porque personalmente pienso que ciertos facores de ANALISIS y por supuesto que CURRY, THOMPSON y LEE van a marcar la diferencia. GO GO GO GOLDEN STATE my people. They will win pues..! YOU KNOW.
Junior Ramon Hernandez Rosal::ACERTADO. ACERTADO. ACERTADO. Yes of course..!
