Jonah Swidan::LOL @ all these Pacers haters!  Gotta love them because it means the team is doing something right ;)
Andrew Parrish::http://www.facebook.com/groups/miamiheatvsindianapacers/
Bryce Morgan::looked through the comments and see almost no Pacer hater comments. Dear lord I hate all of these "hater" statements. You f*cks are getting annoying
Ray Waterman::Bryce Morgan, you should probably be concerned about your Heat. They don't look so good.
Keith Haemmerle::OK Heat trolls...Time to lay some truth on you...and this is gonna sting a little...First off, go here and look at the rankings based on game stats including strength of schedule. http://espn.go.com/nba/hollinger/powerrankings You will notice the Pacers are ranked #1 and the Heat are #8. Now, look at the line where it mentions strength of schedule and you will find the Heats sos is .470 You will also notice the Pacers sos is .486. You might want to stop with the "Pacers have played a cream puff schedule" stuff. They have also played 13 games that were the second game of a back to back and went 9-4 in them. Face it Miami fans, your boys skated by last year, they won't do it again. At the end of the season you will all be wanting your Hamster looking coach fired and Bosh on any other team and Wade to retire...You'll also wonder how you could be so stupid as to think Greg Oden was going to be of any help at all.
Darius Davis::@Darius610: Melo averages more points same assist and steals and more rebounds and the same fg% as paul george but dnt tell espn this
Dirk van Dongen::Melo plays for stats PG plays with his team mates
Zack Schooler::Lets not talk about defense, or anything like that, and yes there is more to defense than just stats defensively.
Lyle D. Groves::Dude, Melo couldn't guard a glass of water. PG averages those points while guarding the other teams player most nights. And could you imagine if PG got as many shots as Melo?? Melo is by FAR the most overated player.....would be a perfect 6th man bc all he can do is score, but needs 20+ shots to do it.
Colin Boyd::PACERS roll that AHHN tonight! Indiana by 20+  BOOK it!!!
Andrew Parrish::http://www.facebook.com/groups/miamiheatvsindianapacers/
Graham Strouse::I'm not rooting for the Pacers but they are a great, great team. Much respect.
Chris Smith::Does Lance always act like such a child? Have some class kid
Bobby Sappington::Wiz win by 10..we are going to make a lot of 3's tonight
Lindsay Crampton::Dream on..& stop liking your own comments
Jody Hbk Jracula::Joking right?
Bobby Sappington::Lindsay Crampton nice try but I didn't like my own comment hoe
Kayla Martinez::Everyone needs to look at the big picture here people....correct me if I'm wrong but aren't the PACERS a championship caliber team!! What's the knicks record?? Melo is a great scorer ( been watching him for awhile I'm a big Syracuse fan) but PG is not only a great scorer himself but is one of the best defenders in the league!!!!!! When the PACERS win it all this year Paul George will finally get the respect he deserves----VICTOR----- don't have a facebook using my girlfriends
Wild Silverback::Both these teams blow chunks.. Horrible offenses..
Jonah Swidan::Yet you keep commenting about it lol
Wild Silverback::Jonah Swidan .. Ummmm F OFF
Jonah Swidan::Wild Silverback YOU F OFF
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Indiana is becoming a Hornets Nest for opposing teams
James Belandres::pacers got a creampuff schedule to start the season and pacers fans acting like they're a dynasty lmao  indy fans are more cocky than miami fans this year and it's hilarious because they've won absolutely nothing
Mark Randy Myers::You got a weird mind that makes up junk to suit your purpose. No one cocky in Indy just happy at our chances right now to win it all.
Jonah Swidan::Mark Randy Myers exactly!  Heat fans are scared as hell cause they keep posting in here
Jonah Swidan::BTW NO fans are more cocky than heat fans, true fact
Lee Allan::Pacers are the most boring team to watch in the nba!!! Would rather watch Utah jazz v's kings. This mob hardly scores how can their fans stand to watch a team that barely scores 80 points a game
Jonah Swidan::Pacers are winning games, unless I have become senile at 28 I do believe the objective of the game is to win, and they are!!!   So go watch your Kings vs Jazz and get the F out of here
Lee Allan::Your mum scores more points then the pacers so you get the f out of here!!
Jonah Swidan::Lee Allan, lol going with you "your mum"  how original!!!   Cant fix stupid I see
Steve Broome::When people say Wizards are playoff contenders they just mean that they're in the Eastern Conference, so they are as good as almost everybody else.
Wild Silverback::ZZZzzzzzzzzzzzz... Pathetic game..
Wild Silverback::Over 92 in the 1st Half..  $$$$$$$
Danny Harvey::george is in a slump
Jay Harvey::Yep.
Marcus Grein::PG is 2-14? WTF?
Jonah Swidan::He is struggling, but thankfully the Pacers team is great
Zack Schooler::Eh, 13 rebounds, 6 assists, 2 steals, and only 1 turnover as well
Conor Walker::https://www.facebook.com/pages/Noah-Vonleh/645087895530294 like NOAH VONLEH
Andrew John Feeback::Pacers really need to knock off the slow starts and thinking they can just flip a switch late in games. We're not the Miami Heat; the refs aren't going to send us to the line the entire fourth quarter.
Andrew Parrish::http://www.facebook.com/groups/miamiheatvsindianapacers/
Joe Betz::My favorite takeaway: NBA SEASON LOW IN POINTS for the Wiz.  Nice to see Paul step up on the hustle stat line since his shot wouldn't fall.
Eddie Bley::Hey Andrew parrish did you see how the heat coughed up the game to Brooklynn. Ya the pacers have beat the nets 3 times already this season
Shaun Mitts::Without FTs, George would of only scored 4 Points on 14 shots. How is he the 3rd best SF in the league??  Carmelo >>PG
Scott Hall::lol
Anthony J Petroff::....so, now that Wall has the grind of a full season on his shoulders, where's the production and numbers ?
Jonah Swidan::Good thing the Wiz suck at the FT line, otherwise this game may be tied right about now
Chris Smith::If the wizards threes are falling tonight this one could get interesting
