Joey Jackson::50 years later and laker fans are still talking about the past lol!
Deshawn Greenfield::Is your avatar correct , you can't be serious ?. 50 years later and BU still has no pass lmao.
Vito Gutierrez::You were saying ?
Deshawn Greenfield::@ BU, the new showtime just lost and oh yeah. Lakers have more chips than Baylor and Golden state combined bro  lmao. Tell those two teams to talk about the past, you have to have one first lmao.
Kobe Vino::I'll Be Back!
Kobe Vino::Thou Shalt Not Fear.
Joey Jackson::Kobe Vino LMAO! I'm afraid the fakers will be out of the playoffs by the time you get back... just retire bro! The New showtime on the floor tonight! GOOO GS!
Vito Gutierrez::Joey Jackson's a chump , how many championship banners are hanging in your building LMFAO
Mike Dixon::The Lakers are so irrelevant that fools were trolling this convo four days before tip off.
Jose Manuel Vilomar::If people just knew how silly they look predicting lopsides games like 162-36.  They sound so dumb. We all knew that Our Lakers will have a weird seanson, but actually they are playing with heart and showing that chemistry it´s an essential part of the game. They could lose, they could win, but I am sure, they will put more than 36 points.
David Andaya Palafox::This game will be good. 130-78 Lakers!!!! Warriors suck!
Lo Samia Yap::If Gasol could play like this every night...smh.
Ryan Lee::Vintage Gasol.
Travis Pavich::I can't believe a these people counting out the Lakers. We are the greatest team ever. We have the top 12 players ever in the history of the NBA. We won in 2010 which guarantees we win the title this season. It's guaranteed. In fact, after next season when we trade O'Neal's retired jersey for Durant, pick up James, Anthony, trade Nash for Paul, trade Meeks for Curry, con the NBA into giving us the top 4 picks which will land us Smart, Randle, Parker, and a Wiggins, we will win the next 20 NBA titles. Guaranteed. Lakers for life. Guaranteed NBA champions through 2036.  Typical Laker Fans
Tomas Rainbolt::All Lakers fans are idiots.  Typical Hater and General Moron
Amir Shirazi::Travis say the Utah fan lmao
Travis Pavich::Amir, you have your team, I have my team. Unlike you, I am a die hard fan, not a bandwagon fan. Yeah, we're struggling this year, but I believe we have a bright future. Oh, and we don't but already made superstars. We draft, and build that way instead of buying players and making bogus trades(Pau Gasol).
Peter Birnbaum::I was waiting for the Warrior fans to come out with the we got injuries excuses.  Lakers have been injured all year with Kobe out and Nash still battling his back and knee.  Warriors got outplayed tonite and that's that.  Thompson is a great talent, but not productive on the road.  With Pau playing vintage Gasol from years past, Lakers deserved this win.
Daniel Mullins::I don't think a 39 year old Nash and the hobbled 36 year old Kobe make as much impact as Curry and Igoudala but I Agree that the warriors got outplayed tonight. Hard to generate offense when you don't have a point guard.
Peter Peterr::Clarence Baldwin Jr  Daniel Mullins just said Lakers outplayed the Warriors tonight. With the limited player warriors had, players were exhausted and got outplayed.  Iguodala as good as he is, he is no point guard.
Peter Birnbaum::Ok, so you've toned down the excuses.  The Lakers have beaten the Clippers and Rockets this season too as both those teams were full strength.  The Lakers were not going to lose tonight and Thompson was not going to repeat his performance in the last game that these 2 teams played.  Not sure how Kobe will fit in, but I see him obviously starting along side Blake until Nash gets back.  Having Young come off the bench will make this team solid as he will keep the bench scoring up and really not let down much when the starters rest.  Should be an interesting Laker team as I see them in need of one more elite player to make them really competitive in the West.
Aaron Rooney::https://www.facebook.com/Lakerclowns
Justin Jenkins::https://www.facebook.com/ClipperClowns
Amir Shirazi::2009 -2010 champ not too long ago..joey your team still without a ring lmao
Jody George Prats::If Kobe was healthy the Lakers would be 12-0  --Laker Fans
Kenny Lenz::I think u make stuff up I never see ppl say the things u say
Cj Vanginkel::well so far the lakers are 5-7 with every game being close but 2(gsw, dal) so wth a healthy kobe and nash its not hard to look and say the lakers could be around 10-2 or 11-1 because that dal game was close untill the end when dirk killed us. but fully healthy the lakers could/should be any were from 11-1 to 7-5 honestly if healthy a 9-3 or 8-4 is about were they would be.
Justin Jenkins::https://www.facebook.com/ClipperClowns
Aaron Rooney::LOL!   Laker fans posting about the Clippers on a Laker board!  Clippers - 1 Justin Jenkins - 0
Amir Shirazi::Arron do you even have a job,oh wait this is your job trollering lmao What a loser
Nils Headley::A'aron take yo self to Principal O Shaq Hennesy!
David Andaya Palafox::Lakers bench took out this overrated Warriors. That's just not right. I mean the bench took out this "contender" type of team. Ha ha ha ha.
Peter Peterr::Warriors are not a contender without their star player and 2 rotational players, just like how LA Lakers are not a playoff team without Kobe and Kaman. :)
Eboni Clay::3rd toughest schedule and lakers are 6-7...without kobe bryant! Good hustle lakers
Deshawn Greenfield::@Eboni Clay, that's something ppl dont look is the strength of the schedule. Only real sports enthusiast pay attention to things like that. Say it again 3rd toughest , plus missing their player and 2 contributiors in Nash and Kaman. All be it that their not what they use to be but still productive. 6-7 is not bad for a team with only 1 star in Gasol that is still struggling a bit so far this season. I'll take this over the other two teams two years past.     "Give Em HeLL Double "
Mad SammyBoy::MADSAMMYBOY'S EXPERT PREDICTION:  What a tale of two cities THIS matchup is. The Warriors look VERY impressive so far this season, and even with the injury issues they have, they're demonstrating that last season's playoff push was no fluke.  On the other end of the spectrum, the Lakers are reeling from injuries, uncertainty, and the specter of mediocrity hanging over them every night...  ...and that, my friends, is why I think the Lakers are going to SHOCK the league in this game. Call it pride, call it grit, call it frustration; call it whatever you like, but I think the boys in pink and yellow are going to play their best game of the season in this one, and as a result, the final score is going to be MUCH closer than ANYONE is expecting.  FINAL SCORE: Golden State 162, Los Angeles 36
Amir Shirazi::Mad hahaha troll
Jose Manuel Vilomar::So, What was the final Score? Ahhh, I remember... 162 - 36.....
Casa Oasis - Langosta Paradise::Pretty close prediction douche bag LOL.
Danny Ramirez::G.S  will never be close to the team that they idolize. The Lakers should let them borrow one of their banners for the holidays just to show them how a real champion does it.....
Aute Warner::MIke Breen: "Dick Baveta has been a ref for35 years and is a great story in this league...been great for a long time" Jeff Van Gundy: "........." (crickets!) So true...
Michael Malone::Lakers have beaten 3 teams that everybody says will come out of the west this year. Oh and they did it without any star power.
Matt Washburn::Why is this the lead story?  The Lakers obviously aren't a playoff team. Nobody cares lol
Corey Sharer::you took the time to click on the article...browse it...post a comment on it...clearly you care since it made you care so much to click on it and comment about how nobody cares....thats being a hypocrite.
Tony Stewart::meeks and blake together have been fun to watch..killer tandem in the backcourt
Jody George Prats::comedian in the house
Can Jay Cummins::fun game to watch
Stay Focused::I can't wait to watch this massacre LOL  I predict it will be the same score as last time Warriors 125 Lakers 94
Carlos Blancas::Looks like the tables turned on you  LOL
Stay Focused::VERY impressive win! Steph curry had a really  bad game. Oh wait....the best shooter in the game didn't play. Nevermind not that impressive.
Il Han Choi::Kobe and Nash had horrible games too...  oh wait. ..
David Squires::FG%	3P	3PA	3P%	2P	2PA	2P%	FT	FTA	FT%	ORB	DRB	TRB	AST	STL	BLK	TOV	PF	PTS Player A:  .609	0.0	0.0		7.1	11.7	.609	2.9	4.6	.639	5.5	8.5	13.9	2.3	0.8	1.8	1.9	4.6	17.1 Player B:  .560	0.0	0.1	.000	6.2	11.0	.564	6.4	11.7	.544	3.5	10.6	14.0	1.7	0.6	2.3	3.2	4.0	18.8  Those numbers are on a per 36 minutes per game basis.  Player A's win shares per 48 minutes is .227 and he makes 3.5 million per year.  Player B has a win share per 48 of .159 and makes 20.5 million.  I knew the Lakers were better off without Dwight.  I just didn't expect Jordan Hill to outplay him!
Mike Dixon::The Lakers are NOT better off without Howard.  They're better off without MWP, Jamieson, Clark, and Duhon.
Peter Birnbaum::In some ways I'd agree that overall the Lakers are not better without Dwight, but they are not that much better with him.  They are better off spending money next season on a FA that has heart and a winning mentality rather than a goofball who smiles uncontrollably at adversity.  As Kareem said in an interview, preparing for Dwight in the '09 finals was the easiest job a coach could have.  Dwight has no post moves and no midrange game.  His D is solid, but he's beatable on the inside in the paint.  He is not a shut down defender.  So if you look at Dwight now with the Rockets, he's inconsistent on offense from game to game and the Rockets give up the 3rd most points in the league.  Did anyone catch Dwight and Harden arguing after an opponent blew by Dwight down the lane for a layup?  Case closed.  Lakers are slightly better with him, but ultimately better off without him.
David Squires::Mike Dixon What did Howard give the Lakers that Hill doesn't give them for a heck of a lot less money?  Not to mention the long term commitment that would be required to have Howard.  They are MUCH better off without Dwight.
Travis Pavich::Yeah Baby. This win just solidified us as the 2014 NBA CHAMPIONS. Cancel the season David Stern. No reason to play the rest of the games. The Lakers just won the championship with this win. In fact, I guarantee we will go undefeated the rest of the way. Why? I talked to Stern and he agreed to make the refs favor us. If the don't, their fired. If we lose, it's because the other teams cheated and Stern will change the records at the end of the season and hand us the trophy. He also said we will get the top 5 picks in this years draft.   Typical Laker Fans
Brenden Elwood::not really
Peter Birnbaum::Someone's bitter about a single Laker win.  Boo hoo.
Travis Pavich::Oh, I am dead serious. That's how some dumb Laker fans think, so as a Laker hater,  I have decided to make fun of them and act like a typical Laker fan.
Peter Peterr::Bad game for the Warriors. Warriors looked gassed out, no point guard play.  Warriors bench is bad, they need O'neal and Douglas back to beef up the bench.  Speights and Bazemore both suck.   (Ps. same as wed. night against Memphis, main players got worn down)
Paul Sharpe::If you really expect Douglas & a Garbage-for-the-past 4 years O'Neal to help, you really are insane...   lol
Peter Peterr::Paul Sharpe im not saying they would have beaten the Lakers, but they would atleast played and gave their starters a breather, wouldn't force Mark Jackson to play Iguodala, Thompson and Barnes heavy minutes.
Peter Peterr::You are one of those fans that only look at stats...O'neal is not great, can't score.  But thats not his role on the team.  What O'neal can do is bring toughness, Defend the post, still able to block a shot and rebound the ball.  Just like Bogut's Role, don't need to score just anchor the defense and Rebound....btw O'neal is STILL better than Speights.
Chad Wiggins::one thing is for hecka sure... we are learning rapidly how good steph curry is.... this team looks like a cellar dwellar without him... with him, they often times look like contenders.. i guess he's really that good
Ross Meyerson::Sekou Garrett the jump shooting team is kind of an exaggeration. lee plays around the hoop and barnes drives.  tonight, they are a mess.  it's not just missing cuury but douglas as well.  they are down 2 point guards.  and o'neal is out as well.  just a thin roster with no bench and the lakers are hitting shots.  if iggy is hurt this might be a long couple of weeks till we get some bodies
Anthony Williams::Also the Lakers bench is very good this year, they did a lot with a little.
Peter Peterr::Sekou Garrett You said Douglas and O'neal are trash?!? What is Steve Nash then? hahahahaa
Zach Bergland::The Lakers record is going to go to hell once Kobe comes back.  He makes every team worse unless he has Phil Jackson and a dominant center.
Peter Birnbaum::They are 6-7 right now and out of the top 8.  Not sure your comment makes much sense, but Kobe's 28ppg during the last 2 title runs plus MVP in both finals should say something about him as a player and you as a hater.
Paul Sharpe::Peter Birnbaum  Oh, & 5 titles & 16 total vs how many Worriers?!   lol
