Elton7323::i think stan should start wafer for rich and bench nelson for r young point guard either way we beter draft or sign a quality pg or backup center.
awalker9666::My Hawks are just doing the dam thing but nothing better than 1st round
somerandomguy30::When Von Wafer leads your team in scoring, you know your team is bad.
Elton7323::fail he tied the team high so go back and look at your stat sheet
JamesRogers876765::should of traded Howard earlier
Losmonsta::herniated disc is baaaaaaad news. his career cold be in jeopardy.
Sonic_speed1::Marvin Williams had that too he'll be alright
somerandomguy30::yeah, like marvin williams is really making an impact
MikeRochNaplesFLWhat::nobody except the Tollands Care about the Magic
new york yankees 83::yeah right howad will be 100% for the playoffs. the magic will make the play offs but fall in first round
Rick-Da-Villain::No Howard the magic are done...return your playoff tickets now..
JaxZach::Bring in Howard
tyt89::Five back with seven to play?  Yay, the Bucks are going to make the playoffs!!!
Christo677::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
yousername::magic can beat anyone in the playoffs and they can lose to anyone in a series just like the heat and maybe even the bulls if howard is healthy. nobody has an answer
Rick-Da-Villain::Keep dreaming kid
Michaelprestby65::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
Michaelprestby65::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
New_York_For_The_Win::Orlando will finish 7th
yousername::they could win that
yousername::acting like thats a bad thing,,,,
Lblax31::and the Knicks will miss the playoffs.
New_York_For_The_Win::HAHA. You're such a hater LOL
thenbatmm::Matt Barnes Postgame Interview!!!  PLAYER of the game!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FY3ruLx1bKg
losdog1118::Orlando is a first round exit anyways..at this point he might as well walk it off until  next year
Lblax31::they might get to face the pacers.... probably the best possible match-up for them.
adeeblack::Dwight is faking injuries now ? What's next ?
PKfalconshomer::Can we finally give the Hawks a bit of credit - Horford out 95% of the season, Hinrich out to begin before he came back, Williams out 3 weeks, Johnson out 2 weeks, Collins our back up big man out a month, Green out a month - yet the Hawks have taken down Miami in Miami, The Bulls, the Pacers in Indiana, the other playoff contenders occassionally - at full strength this is a team that might make some noise - don't be surprised when they end up in the Eastern Conference Finals - yes I put it out there.......
1Dre8::Doubt it. Hawks need to gamble for a good player/ get rid of marvin williams
Whitesoxfan5588::Yeah the Hawks are good but you also have to admit that they've also had some very poor performances......these guys are inconsistent
UK_Basketball_for_Life1::I'm just going to point this out: J-smoove isa closet Heat fan. Keep that in mind.
TC31992::letgo Atlanta!!! good win tonight. ON TO THE NEXT ONE.
HowardWCosell::The magic are done
knicks_11::~Orlando u better get ready to lose that 6th spot~
tigertingtang::who cares...
Szopanator::Nobody  "deserves" to get injured but I, along with tons of other people, think that Dwight totally brought this upon himself. He could of say gone to the Bulls but he didn't because he wants to be the center of attention. Hope you're enjoying your decisions on your future Dwight ;)
SCDodgersRaiders::we don't want him in L.A., we have Bynum
Whitesoxfan5588::Gone to the Bulls? I think you mean he's going to LA.........
kevinrsx408::its almost like karma for dwight
kevinrsx408::the magic crushed headline seems like it has 2 meanings
gnosticat::Soooooooo glad Lakers didn't trade Bynum for Howard....  Drew will own Dwight by next year....
Nole2008::yes because the mental stability of Bynum and his solid work ethic and professionalism bode well for his future in the NBA
MagicBoltzRays::you mean while his glass knees sit on the bench?
MagicBoltzRays::Anyone see Howard lately? If I had to guess I'd say he's looking for Heart.
gnosticat::With or without Howard, Orlando is a joke...
Tsoost2::Atlanta and Orlando both suck, Enough said!
CanesBraves::Atlanta own the magic. You better hope you don't play them 1st round again.
222joco::Remember when the Hawks could not beat the Magic !
Lorenzomax14::Ryan Anderson, PF 2-12, 0-8  without Dwight he is nothing...
Kev_010::ORL can't do anything without Dwight. thats a FACT!
burdie57::Oh, my achin' back!
GrannyDanger332::Two scrub teams. Both will be out in the first or second round.
dallascwby94::hawks cant sellout a game because all people from atlanta are from PA, NY, MA, and IL.
JMoney996::Magic suck, nuff said.
J-SMOOVE2057::ACCORDING TO THE HAWKS ANALYSTS, THE HAWKS HAVE HOMECOURT OVER BOSTON AS OF RIGHT NOW.  COULD BE HUGE.
imet26::Problem with the Hawks is that all the people who want to go to the games don't have the money, everybody lives on either side of the west/ east side of I-20 and below 75/85. All the other fans are transplants who could care less about the team but have the money to go
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::My teams sucked #$@%&amp; tonight so to make me feel better lets bring up our awesome attendence stats. OK....LoL :-)
Tsoost2::Even when the Magic sucked in those few seasons, they had more than 15k in attendance
imet26::But thats the thing, i don't know what people think of as far as money in Atlanta, but it is VERY divided as far as money go, you either have it or you don't. Atlanta is in the top 5 unemployment lists for the whole country.
surfzone365::Phillips Arena = United Center South
surfzone365::Miami is the same way, but every so often you find a Heat fan...
imet26::Basically, we have a billion Chicago, Boston and New York transplants here, and NONE of them live below 285 or anywhere on 20, which doesnt matter in the long run, but it's just they can afford to hit games more than regular folks
MagicBoltzRays::15K per game. pathetic.
MagicBoltzRays::average attendance at Phillips Arena.
imet26::??
atlhawks27::espn is overrating the freaking magic dont ask me "whos overrading them" you know
Tsoost2::Can't wait to hear Stan Van Gundy's press conference (lots of profanity).
MagicBoltzRays::I can't believe idiot hawks fans are bringing up attendance.
Cashmon3y88::Keep talkin S#!+ cuz ATLANTA Isn't goin Nowhere!! ... Lemme repeat Nowhere!!! Lol If ur DUMB A** thinks that  making it to the second round is a big accomplishment then your a clown. Cuz that's ALL the ATLANTA BUM A** HAWKS are gonna do.
Tsoost2::It is not saying much to win over a Howard-less Magic
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::It's not saying much to beat them period as far as that goes but it still so damn good to blow them out of their own gym just the same though. :-)
Matt22GT::6 $@%!$
MagicBoltzRays::easy enough mistake to make
surfzone365::Hawks fans got to get their shots in when and where they can...not too often they can brag, all 5 of them
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Crazy thing is that when Dwight Howard leaves that's about as many fans that the magic will have.
atlhawks27::your team freaking sucks go die in a hole
dallascwby94::sad part is you think dwight wants to be on the magic?
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::I guess your right, with those two playing, they probably would have loss by only 15. Good point. :-)
Sonic_speed1::Don't bring us down to your level
MagicBoltzRays::Neither of these teams are relevant. plus the Magic didn't even have Howard or Hedo tonight.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Funny part is that if the Hawks are not good, what does that make the magic??
MagicBoltzRays::LOL. the sad part is you think the hawks are actually good.
Talat557::Who gets the third seed? Hawks or Pacers
TC31992::Hawks!
dallascwby94::no pacers are more dominant
Tonymojo3::hawks will get it
atlhawks27::hawks
MagicBoltzRays::has Atlanta sold out a game all year? Orlando has 119 consecutive sellouts.
atlhawks27::yet there team still sucks and overrated
MagicBoltzRays::who's overrating them?
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Ownage achieved in a major way tonight down in O-Town courtesy of the team from A-Town. Hawks dripping swag sauce all in the mouths of the Magic tonight and I betcha it was a real bitter taste.
surfzone365::That's nasty...
Talat557::Hawks will go to the semifinal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
surfzone365::For one thing, relating to Howard, you have to question anyone who wants to leave Orlando and go to the East Coast's armpit, New Jersey.  Something not right with this guy.
J-SMOOVE2057::the past 2 years atlanta has owned orlando.  10-3.
