larrybird77::Al Jefferson is an excellent low post offensive player. This is a lost art in the NBA.  However, he is a dismal and completely lazy defender.
rollinoverthetide1968::Been betting with this online betting system called Sportsbettingstar since early April. In just two months now I have doubled my money. I am still shocked at how well this system does and how accurate it is. You can find this bet system on Google if you search the words Sports Betting System, it was on the first page of Google when I found it.
manimarf09::Another Utah road game coming up on ESPN. Can't be good for their public image.
-FlyEaglesFly-::great job by tinsley tonight. i always liked him.
rengland123::It's crazy that he played 41 minutes without scoring, but still did a good job as a PG.
Giants10_Twuan89::Goran Dragic 2013 NBA Finals MVP?
45386::Worst part about being a jazz fan in China is I don't get to watch their games unless they play the Lakers or Rockets
-STRAYA-::online streaming?
Orange6O2::Gortat with 1 $@%!$@% point, what a !$@%!.
ZonaRado::Still better than kyryl
nogicat12::$@%! that guy he sucked $@% worst bball player I have ever seen
nogicat12::1?!?!?!  THAT LITTLE $@%!$
jeffwawa::Boy the Jazz need Mo Williams back. With Tinsley in the other team only has to guard four people.
apietman::He had 14 assists.
OcoroDonFiore::Does anyone know if anyone has done what Tinsley's done this game?  14 assists and 0 points...that's unreal.
TJCCARDCO::COVER!
Miami-Star1::I have Al Jefferson in Fantasy, YES!!!
Giants10_Twuan89::I Know Its Still Early But Can The Suns Make A Run At The NBA Championship This Season?
billysouth::the suns suck
Orange6O2::No.
nogicat12::did you just ask that with seriousness?
Giants10_Twuan89::Lol!
nogicat12::good game jazz fans nice effort suns see you guys on monday time for real basketball tomorrow
45386::haha I had to say something. Not often people are reasonable on comment boards
45386::what a sore loser
nogicat12::?? i thought crack was legalized in Colorado not Utah
Terrazona24::L8
Nicholas D1::lol
nogicat12::I compare the yotes last year to someone doing drugs as an outlet from stress.  they were so consistent never had to worry like with the dbacks and suns
Packers0826::I think suns might possibly lose.
MrFreese13::dudley and morris need traded
Orange6O2::GG Jazz fans. Not sure why Scola was getting so many shots in the 4th...or why Telfair was running the offense
Terrazona24::the dbacjs,asu, the cards we cant catch a fking break lets go mercury and rattlers!!!!!!
nogicat12::UA BB and yotes  I miss my yotes :(
arizonasting13::UOFA BABY!! Dbacks are good and so are the Yotes
Nicholas D1::yotes dont count lol Strike!
Pintz11::lol its gon to that now huh
ZonaRado::Good try Suns... Go Cats tomorrow!!!
arizonasting13::thank the lord!
arizonasting13::What an awful game...
AMYISARATTA::Why the $@%! would you call a time out
xenosapien::Wow.  That was some nice footwork by Big Al.
Pintz11::best footwork for a bigman in the game
82Garrett::whoever threw that trash was aiming for Markieff
AMYISARATTA::$@%! you jazz
Terrazona24::FOUL
Francis4345::In the pocket, good game Jazz
mikeisildur::Looks like the Jazz are gonna get away with a lazy 4th quarter
Orange6O2::Beasley looks completely uninterested
brun0293::Yeah, I am a twolves fan and check in on Beasley every night.  In a month or two you are gonna get why Wolves made no effort to bring him back.  When he came to Minny, dude was given every chance.  He would play awesome just often enough to keep you hoping.
AMYISARATTA::I know I'm gonna go $@%! him
Nicholas D1::this is the Minnesota Beasley...
Terrazona24::why wasnt beasly in
nogicat12::cause he sucks and doesnt care
82Garrett::Honestly Shannon should getta chance right here
AMYISARATTA::Gentry u $@%!$@%! why the fuc didn't you put shannon on?
nogicat12::Seriously guys we come all the way back and you go to scola and freaking telfair in crunch time???  DID YOU NOT SEE HOW YOU $@%!$@% CAME BACK LAST NIGHT?!?!
Orange6O2::Scola has been terrible down the stretch
rayallen1920::Telfair running the offense down 9 , unreal
Pintz11::lol.. just move the team phoenix
arizonasting13::game
Terrazona24::shoot a three
SNAKEY1217::whats the score cant see game
nogicat12::well... maybe not
xenosapien::Big props to PHX for staying with it, especially in SLC.
AMYISARATTA::But Nash and Lopez and Childress on for bunny rabbit sake
Terrazona24::RODNEY RODGERS WOULS HAVE CLOSED THIS ONE OUT BACK IN THE DAY
MacDre480::I was so pumped when that got that guy as a FA
rayallen1920::I need a thousand points for the over
nogicat12::now thats game
Orange6O2::That's it
nogicat12::WHY THE $@%! IS SCOLA SHOOTING ON EVERY POSSESSION?!?!
Terrazona24::wtf
nogicat12::thats game
0ffense::shoot it dragic.  passed up so many layups tonight for failed assists.
