Arbyrick::Long time Suns fan here. Have to say that this is the worst Suns team i can remember. Absolutely void of any first tier NBA talent. We are hoping that the Lakers some how miss the playoffs so the Nash pick will be in the lottery. Need a new coach and about 5 good players ugh.....
GeorgeTownDC29::Do suns fans get their money back
tribeguy216::free tacos
Poor Oregon::How do you figure?
Nicholas Obert::Kevin Seraphin = best hook shot in the NBA. And he can hit them with either hand in so many ways.. God it's so beautiful.  Hibbert is the only guy who is even close to hitting as many hooks, and he needed like twice as many attempts..  Seraphin is bringing the Hook Arsenal out to play, leading league in Hook Shot percentage and makes.
Real Deal Beal::his only problem is rebounding. if he could grab 7 or 8 a game, he'd be legit.
tribeguy216::its going under bench's are in garbage time whos bench warmers are better is what we are looking at
tribeguy216::ya sixers are tanking
Nicholas Obert::Did you see the rotation that almost beat the Heat today?  If you want to tank, you have to REALLY TRY TO TANK.  A bad team's bench can still get hot and win games.  You can't just count on your bench to lose you games.  Wizards:  You just played your first game against a team that was trying to lose. You know what that means? It's time to start trying to lose. This draft is way better than people make it out to be. You won't get a superstar, but there might be 6 guys who could be top 4 players on a contender in the top 10 picks. That's a good draft.
PartTimeHomer::I want to punch Larry "No S" Michael in the face. I don't know why. It just seems punchable.
m_gunners::the NBA is severely rigged....a team that beat Lakers and Rockets at home can't touch the Wizards...
Nicholas Obert::Actually the Lakers are probably better than 20-15 over their last 35 games..  Regardless. The gap isn't that big.  I love how you can make a leap from "An 82 game season comes with lots of ups and downs" to "severely rigged" though.  Is it rigged when the Bobcats beat the Celtics by 25? Why? Who would care? What's the point? Why is it so hard to understand that basketball is crazy? And when you make teams play 82 games, you're going to get wacky results on a pretty consistent basis?  rigged! go back to your tinfoil hat factory!
Nicholas Obert::Even though the Wizards have been better than both of those teams in 2013?
joe 1138 2056::that sign "i heart my pepe".  hmm....
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::HADDADI WAS FOULED ON THAT STEPBACK CALL IT OFFICIAL REVIEW IT!
Poor Oregon::What if Kwame Brown returned to DC and put up Shaq like numbers to carry the Wizards to 8 straight rings?
joe 1138 2056::didn't he already do that?
joe 1138 2056::yes thank you DC. you're helping to keep us in ear shot of that #3 overall pick.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::HADDADI WAS FOULED ON THAT STEPBACK CALL IT REFF!!!!!!!
Je5teR777::thanks dc, enjoy picking 7th
Poor Oregon::9th*
Je5teR777::my bad
Kadhirseenthe2bests::Haddadi from deeeeeeep....Yes in marv albert voice
joe 1138 2056::non contact injury for oneal's knees. gone for the season i bet that old methuselah.
Poor Oregon::What would you guys do if Kevin Seraphin turned into the next Wilt?
Nicholas Obert::He averaged something like 18A &amp; 9 after the trade deadline last year.  He's good if he doesn't take jumpers.  He has the best hook shot in the NBA- Left or right hand. The more he utilizes those, the more he'll become good.  His ceiling is like a Gortat or Al Jefferson.. Super incomplete player, but with positives.
Lake_Show13::what lineup does coach hunter have on the floor U need points??? The final 4 minutes he had a defensive unit on the floor  Tanking????? I have no issues with tanking
gary_bettman_hearts_the_coyotes::Yay! Season sweep for Washington! Go bullets!
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::HADDADI WAS FOULED ON THE STEPBACK REFF REVIEW IT!
SwKWhiteKnight22::So ya'll think Beal is out for the season?
Nicholas Obert::If they're smart? Yes.  20-15 seems like officially enough of a "This team is actually pretty darn good" statement.  Maintaining a level of play that vacillated between a 5th seed and actually hosting a playoff series (O_O) for 45% of a season  is enough for me.  Now we need to get down to the business of getting a better draft pick.  It's a shame that Wall, Beal and Nene only have like 700 minutes together this year. But if they use that as an excuse to keep trying to win.. Ugh. Just throw Seraphin, Booker Vesely and Singleton out there. They're all so bad usually, it's hard to even advocate for that.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Why isnt Marcus playing?
dimesnz::hate the nba this year
dimesnz::poor fella, did i hurt u
STDSnBeers::FKING F.AG
dimesnz::stop on gambling on gay guys, u might catch STD!
STDSnBeers::STOP BETTING
Poor Oregon::What if Lebron James joins John Wall in Phoenix next year? They just say fck it to their respective teams.
Kadhirseenthe2bests::haddadi from way downtown....Bang!
Je5teR777::tick tick boom
mistersquare::Game's over, why are you calling a timeout?
joe 1138 2056::jermaine oneal injured. looks bad. that means more PT for haddadi.
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::hahahah Suns play like if they want only 1 thing = to loose
joe 1138 2056::to "lose". if you're going to trash us, get it right.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Wizards could of had Harden LOL. Hardens a great rebounder you could of played Harden at the 3.
Poor Oregon::Anyone could have had Harden for the right weight in gold
Nicholas Obert::Then who would have played the 2? Because they would have needed to trade Beal as well as next year's 1st rounder in order to get him
Christopher Walken768::Somebody wants Ben McLemore (Phoenix)
Christopher Walken768::Phoenix is dumping
gary_bettman_hearts_the_coyotes::Smart, porter or shabazz
Je5teR777::That would be nice.
Nicholas Obert::is it so crazy that they lose to a team that's a whole lot better than them?
Nicholas Obert::Wizards are better than the Lakers too.  Ignore both their bad starts, focus just on what they've done in the last few months.. Wiz are 20-15, score more points, allow fewer points in their last 35 than LA.
Christopher Walken768::Yes after they just rolled the Lakers at home.
joe 1138 2056::we're not bad enough.
Christopher Walken768::F YOU Phoenix!  You DUMPING mofos!!!!!
joe 1138 2056::he he.
joe 1138 2056::so many close calls at the rim for the suns this quarter. keep it up.
PartTimeHomer::Touchy 3 seconds, but the right call.
Nicholas Obert::no 3 seconds is ever the right call
LilVdog88::John Wall is ELITE
adajwiz::Not yet, but he is improving steadily.
Poor Oregon::But is Eli?
LilVdog88::Ehh he's on and off elite lol
joe 1138 2056::i wish detroit and new orleans would start trying to win.
Poor Oregon::Wizards are trading their pick this year for Andrew Wiggins
Je5teR777::Send Haddadi in there to do a Jihad on their butts...
Kadhirseenthe2bests::haddadi from way downtown....Bang!
Nicholas Obert::ooh i get it, it's like a joke about his skin color and a religion that's about his close to his own as Catholics are to Baptists. O! Yay for broad racial profiling. That's what Arizona exists for!
Poor Oregon::You guys do realize Andrew Wiggins is better than anyone in this draft right?
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::Haddadi&gt;Jabari Parker&gt;Andrew Wiggins.
Nicholas Obert::Potentially, sure.  But if this was a science, you wouldn't see good players fall deep into the draft every year.  There's no way to tell until they hit the NBA.. And really.. not until a few years after then most of the time.
joe 1138 2056::suns need this loss after CLE failed to win.
Kadhirseenthe2bests::lol
Nicholas Obert::i still think the Wizards are going to lose.  We're terrrrrrrrible  at playing bad teams.  So hopefully that comes out and we drop this one. Every loss might potentially be the one that gets us a good player instead of a bad one.
Kadhirseenthe2bests::so you wanna tank
Abraar Ab::touche.
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::ALL FOR HADDADI -ALL FOR ORANGE
Francour7ATL::I have 100 on wiz pick em
Abraar Ab::anyone know the status of beal?
STDSnBeers::JESSICA GOT SORE KNEES
Abraar Ab::mmmm
Je5teR777::Jessica?
Abraar Ab::her too :)
joe 1138 2056::left ankle sprain. out.
Abraar Ab::ouch
STDSnBeers::GO RAIDERS!
JahiiCarsons-ASUSFINESTPG::HOFS&gt;LOFS
Minnysota Vikings::Go Wizards!
Poor Oregon::I didn't know you were such a big Wizards fan
Poor Oregon::How did Steve Nash average 12 assists last year but he sucks this year?
Je5teR777::all of the above...
Kadhirseenthe2bests::mike d'antoni
playmakerzam::--&gt; kobe
tribeguy216::pho +4 money in the bank
STDSnBeers::-4. ITS NOT OVER YET HAHA
DoyerBlue32::don't you mean -4?
tribeguy216::2h of course
Kadhirseenthe2bests::eddie johnson was killing mike d'antoni in that lakers suns game the other day
