Alicia Narae Miller::Golden State is for real. As a Dubs fan I have never been more exited about a Golden State team. We have a young, talented team that actually plays great defense. They have the 2 best shooters in the world on their roster. Plus, Curry, Barnes, Thompson, Green, Bazemore all all younger than 25. Golden State is a title contender and will be for the near future. I think they will contend for championships as long as Jerry West is a minority owner who helps put the roster together. J West is a brilliant basketball mind. He was the main engineer of the Lakers and their showtime teams. He also traded Vlade Divac for Kobe, got Shaq and Phil to sign and put together that team that won 3 more championships. 8 title in LA for West's teams. He also turned Vancuver/Memphis into a good franchise. The Griz were never close to being a respectable franchise till West got there. Then he went to Golden State and in just a few short years he turned the Dubs into a contender. Its not a coincidence we get J West and then we start drafting good players and making trades that actually benefit their team.
Michael Tardy::Shot 25% in playoffs against spurs.best shooters in your world
Troy Green::Michael, when its all said and done they could be the best shooting combo the NBA has ever seen. Still a long way to go. Thompsons ability to score at the basket has helped his shooting big time this season.
Rollin Salazar::Michael Tardy True, but took two games from them with an injured roster vs healthy spurs.  Overall, I agree with Alicia and Troy. Most experts will tell you who the best shooter in the league is.  Spurs are a dynasty though.  Hope it is a good game!
Robert Holcomb::Good grief.  ESPN has 8 video clips from the game - 6 about the Warriors, 2 about the Spurs - one of which was Parker missing 2 free throws...and who, pray tell, won the game.  ESPN favorites rule.
Mike Wagener::DisnESPN is a joke.  they SUCK!  I so want to be a FOX Sports supporter.
Jason Tobin::I'm a Warriors fan. But I respect the Spurs. Pop is the best coach of all time, in my opinion. Would love to see a WCF between these two teams with everyone healthy!
Darryl McMillon::Not gonna lie - I hope a better matched team takes out Clippers and Spurs, because both give Dubs a fit on the court. We can match up well against most other west squads. And yes, Pop is an incredible coach with a nasty attitude.
Troy Green::Today is a good day to end the 29 game regular season loss streak in San Antonio.
Aaron Black::you can only hope hahah
Madden Lee::Go Warriors!!!
Jason Tobin::Curry might be out for tonight's game. Also... the guy that says the Warrior's don't play defense is definitely full retard!
Dwayne Pittman::if you seen the warriors and wolves game curry only scored 5 points wit his injury. If curry doesn't play we will still be efficient . like i said warriors 110-98
Matthew Vigil::Another W for the killas in black. GS has a long way to go before they can beat the Spurs in a 7 game series.
Darryl McMillon::Long way as in 76 more games until playoffs?
Matthew Vigil::No. Long way as in when duncan, parker, n Ginobli retire.
Tony Gomez::Early Season Western Conference Showdown for 1st place on a Friday Night... Couldn't think of a better way to spend my Friday.
Steve Broome::Great effort Warriors! Good game spurs fans.
Roger Swahn::No Curry no win. If we have to lose to someone let it be the Spurs
Kemala Martin::The spurs aren't gonna know what hit em today. Dubs take it 110-99
Mike Wagener::Fail
Nerissa C. Valido::Hahaha not even close
David Garcia::All I remember is GS ans its fans holding onto game 1 like it was a blown opportunity and then get shown the exit to the off-season. The Spurs OWN the warriors and have for a very long time. This season will be no diff bcuz GS folds in crunch time.   BOTTOM LINE......
Daniel Doyle::GS is a rising team and last year was the first year their core was in the playoffs together.  Of course they folded under pressure that's what young teams do.  At least they have an excuse for folding what's the spurs excuse for choking in the finals against the heat?  Up 5 with 20 secs left and they folded under pressure.
Joe Edwards::Daniel Doyle Its no use.. He can't hear you. His head is way to far up his own rearend.
Roger Swahn::hey david, when have we been good enough to choke in crunch time ? We havn't seen the "crunch" time since the 70's. By the way until this year "owning" the Warriors was not much to brag about. get a grip
Jayrald Ratuita::Fact: Warriors have the best point differential so far this season at +12.8,  just imagine if the starters play on 4th quarters on their blow out wins. It could have been more than that,  nevertheless that stat alone is very impressive, Go Dubs!
Dwayne Pittman::gotta think we have a healthy bogut bro and iggy fits in so nice help defense,perimeter d and he shooting lights out. plus analyst spoke about oh the warriors will be predictable. curry and thompson are getting open still and lee doin his thing were winng by at least 10
Derek Hansen::sure looked like basket interference on that last shot... Ball in on the rim and the net is getting pulled left and right
Lalaine Humd::I know everyones been asking for a link, so here it is:  New Orleans Pelicans vs Los Angeles Lakers  >>.  W.atch.me/OfU0gT  Enjoy!
Derrick Alderete::Going to be a great game, the kind of game you invite people over and bbq....Go Spurs Go....and good luck to the Dubs fans
Roger Swahn::thank you without Steph we will need it
Mike Wagener::Good game, nice win for our SPURS, G State is legit, it should be interesting this post season.
Brian Liang::30 winless streaks at Spurs. Warriors are desperate need to win. Guess not.
Dantin Morgan::Go Spurs Go!!! The Spurs are 5-1!!! I know it was a close game but the Spurs rule!!!
Darryl McMillon::We will see you in OUR HOUSE soon. Got my upper half level half court tickets ready. Was gonna sell those but now I think I'll go just to watch the retribution. GO DUBS!
Ed DeSalle::Where is that Loser nba is the worst that used to be on all the spurts boards?
Ed DeSalle::NOBODY is beating the Heat in a 7 game series! NOBODY!
John Paul Wilkinson Jr::Okay troll.  If you are so enamored with the Heat, what are you doing following the Spurs.
Matt Devlin::NOBODY, except the Dallas Mavericks...
Ariana Gamboa Mimbela::Wheres the guy from last year that would say Currygod lol he was hilarious!
Zach Howard::Warriors gonna take it thompsons been a beast!
Chan Tern::Iggy on Parker, Klay on Ginobli and Barnes on Leonard, and Bogut on Timmy. Shut em down Dubs!
Vladimir Tsalyuk::Funny you say that when everyone knows gs doesn't play any defense at all
Kemala Martin::Vladimir you sir are dumber then you look, 2ND rated defense, held every opponent under 40% shooting, and we have the best point differental
Brian Garcia::Sure--ok.  Bring it to our floor here in SA and let's see how you do.  Spurs own GS--they know it.  And so do you.
Emil E. Matula III::GO SPURS!!!
