zachrlee::I want to see Kris Humphries dunk over Lamar Odom in front of the Kardashians.
Stevejw23::I said it since day 1 Marshon Brooks for Rookie of the year and I know its early but he's good. Plays like a young Kobe and has a scores mentality. Nets please don't use him in any trade bait to get Dwight
mdtuzo::btw whats up pres, havent seen you in a while
PresleyCutchTabata::good luck in the upcoming semester, im out, talk to you later
mdtuzo::later dude
mdtuzo::cool, i start school on the 23rd so i still have time for things like this
mdtuzo::math is good, but its just a foundation for the kind of jobs i like. need a lot of other skills. do you have a pretty good idea what youre doing when you graduate?
PresleyCutchTabata::I was a math major to start, but I switched into Comm studies, and I like what I am doing there
mdtuzo::math w/ minor in comp sci
PresleyCutchTabata::whats your major?
mdtuzo::lol nice! i have a year and a half left, though im not sure what i will do when i get out
PresleyCutchTabata::I only have one more semester after this one and I graduate! I can see the light at the end of the tunnel! lol
PresleyCutchTabata::how have you been?
PresleyCutchTabata::well I just went back to school after the long break, I have been busy working and going to gym from around 7 to 9, so I have been missing most of the games
mdtuzo::great game today, GO NETS lets get a nice streak going
Mets2410::idk about that lol we got OKC next but hey, they lost to the wizards tonight so you never know. but yes, great game today NETS
joe kj2::I very highly doubt the 76ers will do this deal, but how about Andre Iguodala, Jodie Meeks, and picks for Deron Williams. Nets get a 27 year old starting forward, a young guard off the bench in Meeks who is shooting right around 38% from 3 which is not a bad percentage, plus a draft pick.
joe kj2::Well I hope your right that he stays, but I don't see it. Regardless, the Nets have to improve consistently on offense unless of course they are going to be a San Antonio Spurs like team during the early to mid 2000s where they basically had nothing short of great defense.
s.molla1993::Lou and Jrue are doing excellent at point for the 76ers.
Mets2410::why are we talking about trading Deron? wtf is wrong with you guys
s.molla1993::Thats true, Thanks Bro.
s.molla1993::What do u mean ?
PresleyCutchTabata::the 76ers dont need a point guard, but that would be a great trade for the Nets
rbmw263::finally d will
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::The Jazz got the better end of the deal... NO QUESTION ABOUT IT. Jefferson/Millsap/Favors/Kanter=Best front court in the NBA. FACT. No room for Okur.
joe kj2::Johan Petro for Favors and Kantar. Nets wins your screwed.
PresleyCutchTabata::sounds like a plan! Favors and Kanter are so amazing!
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::I am a D-Will fan. He always played hard for the Jazz. But the Nets definitely helped our team out a lot in the future. The Nets hurt themselves. They gave up A LOT. And again THANK YOU for taking the 10.9 million dollar contract of Okur!!! We have 4 awesome BIGS who are younger and more valuable than Memo. I love Memo! He is the man but it's a good thing he is gone.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::you guys hurt yourselves because you pretty much gave up 2010/2011/2012 1st round picks along with a better than average point guard in harris &amp; cash.
Mets2410::Definitely you guys got a great deal but I don't see how we hurt ourselves.... if dwight isn't traded he and d-will are teaming up on the nets. and thanks for giving us Memo, he's a big expiring contract and a real solid trade piece.
PresleyCutchTabata::give us Kanter and Favors!
PresleyCutchTabata::one thing we must remember here is that names dont make talent, talent makes names, its my job to find the guys who are passed over even though they could have made a name for themselves
JDoc311::I'm pretty sure your job is asking if I'd like fries with my cheeseburger.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::JDoc? haha what do you do for work?? You sound like a guy who is power hungry. Maybe he is lobbying to be manager at the McDonalds he has been working at for 10 years?
WarriorsGO::o so ur that bum on the street randomly yelling at people your fired. I guess your right. I just thought u were a bum, but uve corrected me.
PresleyCutchTabata::JDoc, I would be your boss before I served you fries
WarriorsGO::and yours is asking "are u done with those fries?"
PresleyCutchTabata::JDoc, I hate the Heat, and I am a huge Nets fan, as a talent evaluator I am just putting trade ideas out there that would bring back true value to the Nets in a trade for the first time in a while
JDoc311::You're pushing a 51 year old Haslem and an overrated PG in Cole?  You're a LBJ-D-Wade fanboy all the way.
s.molla1993::Hell No, J Smoove will remain a Hawk for Ever, NJ is a horrible team.
PresleyCutchTabata::Smoove only wants to be in NJ because D-Will is here
PresleyCutchTabata::I really like Bass, but I doubt Boston trades with us, but maybe? I dont like Ryan Anderson because he is a jump shooting big man who doesnt do much work in the paint, when he is over 30 he will be kinda like Mehmet Okur, I really like Jeff Green, but hes injury prone
JDoc311::Josh Smith has stated he wants to be in NJ also.  He'd be an excellent get, if D-Will demanded a trade.
JDoc311::They don't have the pieces, and they're loaded with bad contracts.  I love Ryan Anderson, but we need a big who could bang.  If we were to even consider dealing D-Will, which we shouldn't, we'd look up to Boston to grab Rondo and Bass...picks, and if it was a benefit Jeff Green.
PresleyCutchTabata::I am not pushing either one, I would rather deal with the Magic and make them pay top dollar to keep Dwight in town by acquiring DWill
yankee4life372::JDoc, I like the optimism, hopefully we get D12 and DWill long term without losing Brooks.
rthaw44::I'm on the same page as you 2.  Finally.  I know these are the facts as far as what has been reported, I just hope nobody panics.  All it takes is the Nets or Magic to panic abt their respective stars leaving in FA and getting nothing in return, to accept some BS trade offer.  I know we would still have the money for 2 max contracts, but who?  I gotta get on board with JDoc's optomism.
JDoc311::I believe Dwight will sign here.  And the optimism is really just from looking at who's saying what, and questioning motives.  ESPN is going to report player movement because it generates site traffic, and they get paid bonuses on page hits.  Dwight Howard's agent said Nets first, he wants to play with D-Will.  He also wants a bigger market and stands to make bigger money from Adidas.  He wants to win.  He doesn't believe Orlando is good enough with what's going on in Miami.  The Nets are the only team that can afford both D-Will and Dwight next season.  The Lakers would be a fall back with Kobe and Gasol.  The Mavs with Dirk.  All three would bring big money.  Deron Williams doesn't have the marketing draw of Dwight, so endorsements don't mean as much, but they're still important.  Beyond that, the Nets can pay him 30 more million than anyone else.  He also has a wife and kids.  It's not about his hometown, it's about her being happy and them being happy.  Moving sucks.  He knows what's up with the shortened off-season and the big picture.  He has said as much.  I think he's all in with us.  He likes this team.  Hates losing, but likes the future.  We would trade for Dwight, but we're not going to get put over the barrel either.  The Magic want to convince Dwight he can win there.  They're winning.  They very well could keep him and let it get to free agency.  If the Magic win the championship, Dwight stays.  If they don't, I think him and Deron Williams are opening up Brooklyn next season, with Lopez, Brooks, AK-47 (MLE) and a very nice rookie draft pick.
Mets2410::For once, somebody who seems to think the exact way I do! lol I like your thinking I don't see why nobody else sees this! Even if the Magic do win the championship, Dwight could still leave, just look at Pujols.
JDoc311::It just makes too much sense.  Nothing else reported does.
JDoc311::If we can keep Lopez even better!
yankee4life372::now you're pushing it lol.
PresleyCutchTabata::Terrence Williams and John Wall are nearly the same exact player
PresleyCutchTabata::I would like the Nets to somehow find a way to get Terrence Williams back on this team and play him at point guard, he is a natural point guard but because of his size everybody tries to play him at shooting guard, but he fails at shooting guard when he would be a superstar point guard
Mets2410::why are you saying this when we have Deron?
joeman1146::I think it should be pretty clear by now, that Brookes is the next Kobe. They look so similar and the kid is a straight up scorer. and just a rookie. he has the swag of a young Kobe
PresleyCutchTabata::he fills up the hoop, and thats what the Nets needed from a first round pick
PresleyCutchTabata::JDoc, i wouldnt trust Dwight and DWill farther than I can throw them, they can say whatever they want, but if they both hit the free agent market and decide to screw over the Nets franchise in the offseason, they could make the Nets nonexistant by teaming up and going to the Warriors or something like that
Mets2410::I don't think they would go team up in golden state. adidas wants dwight in brooklyn and will give him a huge contract. d-will has already settled down here and has a wife and 4 kids. Also, I'm pretty sure the allure of Brooklyn with the possibility of a team that includes Dwight, Deron, MarShon, a top lottery pick, and Lopez is extremely hard to pass up. Dwight and Deron are smart, they know the drill. The possibility of Dwight coming to Brooklyn as a FA is just too good to pass up.
JDoc311::Aren't you a Heat fan anyway?  Talking about Norris Cole and Udonnis Haslem?  Go troll elsewhere.
JDoc311::We're the only team that can sign both of them!  And even if they did go elsewhere....fine!  We have draft picks, and MarShon Brooks, and Brook Lopez, and Hump....  We're fine.  The bottom line is, why say anything unless that's what's in your heart.  They may change their mind, but as of right now, we're the front runner for both of them.
yankee4life372::This sounds crazy but how about DWill for Westbrook. Westbrook wants out of OKC and go to a team where he's the #1.
JDoc311::Just stop!  Let's win games, and forget about playing fantasy GM.
joe kj2::You read my mind. However, I don't know if Deron Williams will accept going there even if they are the title favorite now just my opinion.
thekola::so who would be the PG in New jersey :)
yankee4life372::Magic don't care for Lopez too much, outside of that we can't offer them much other than picks. And the Nets probably will not give up Brooks. D12 is very unlikely.
JDoc311::Free Agency!  Dwight isn't getting traded.
thekola::i agree. the injury has got to scare them off. at this point, i hope they keep him past the deadline and then the nets sign him and williams in the off season
joeman1146::can someone tell me where Russian billionaire owner Prokerov has been? he hyped this team and backed them up, then he just disappeared. now that hes running for president, he doesnt care about us :(. as long as he signs the checks i know thats all he really needs to do, but i liked hearing from him. at least a phone call would be nice &lt;3
Mets2410::he had an interview the other day with some american media outlet and he said that his interest hasn't changed at all. people just don't hear about him as much because espn doesn't follow every move he makes because he's some new interesting russian billionaire owner. that's fine if Prok isn't the main man he shouldn't be he's the owner not the gm! he still cares just as much.
JDoc311::Running for the Russian Presidency!   Priorities man!
jman_5000::$@%!$@%! cow&gt; Williams
joe kj2::If the Nets do trade Williams, I'm not expecting to get as many players as the Nuggets got for Melo,  but I'm expecting to get players as least as good as some of those players. For example, Gallinari can actually score the basketball not a star at all ,but gives you roughly 15 ppg. To me a good trade to get the value you want is at least 1 proven player preferably young, 1 young player that may require work but is highly touted, and at least 1 draft pick. As a Nets fan I would want more, but I'll settle for that type of package.
thekola::Some net fans might want the nets to move DWill but they are not moving him. They gonna gamble that he'll stay. end of story.
joe kj2::It's not the best, but if I were Billy King I would explore around a little.
joe kj2::I would have to think about it.
JDoc311::Well a lot of professional basketball people would disagree with you.
thekola::not tryna start anything but no one who knows anything about basketball agrees with you. He is basically in a dead heat for best PG in the game.
PresleyCutchTabata::JDoc, DWill is overrated on this team, i just think we can find somebody else to do what he does
PresleyCutchTabata::it would have us with Cole, Farmar and Gaines to play point guard  Haslem at small forward  Humphries at PF  Lopez at Center  Marshon Brooks at SG
PresleyCutchTabata::so you would like Haslem, Cole and a first round pick?
PresleyCutchTabata::Haslem makes a lot of money
jman_5000::How the hell would Miami afford that contract?
PresleyCutchTabata::I would really like to see the Nets trade DWill to the Heat for Norris Cole, Udonis Haslem, and a first round pick
Constanza_George::You sir, are an idiot. Or delusional. Or both.
aduysbv::I think Deron will get tired of losing and will sign with a winning team next season. That sucks for the Nets and their fans...like me :(
thekola::I doubt the nets trade Dwill. Russian Mark cuban is gonna roll the dice that he can got another major peice and resign him
yankee4life372::Nets will never let it get there, they will trade him by the deadline
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::I got called a name on espn!! HAHA! That's funny! D-Will is going to want to sign with a WINNING TEAM. Not gunna be the Nets
JDoc311::Troll
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Why??? Because the Nets suck! Better chance of D-Will going back to Utah than signing with your sorry team
JDoc311::Why?  He's 90% coming back per his own lips.  Dwight Howard has the Nets at the top of his list, per his agent.  What else have you heard from a reliable reputable source?
JDoc311::I'm glad your thought process has no impact on what Deron Williams does.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Good Job NETS...The Warriors need to keep losing. Be in the worst 8-10 teams in the league and the Utah Jazz will be very happy. Thank you to the Nets for taking D-Will from us for some SOLID pieces. D-Will is going to leave your sorry team.
joe kj2::Niners huh.  You gonna cry over that too after this weekend.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::haha Just happy all my teams are winners. That would SUCK to be a nets fan. I believe in the Jazz management. Keep putting your trust into a Russian who hardly knows anything about basketball.
WarriorsGO::Dont know why we would cry. We werent even expected to have a winning record. Everything else is a bonus.
idrise12::yu mad bruh
JDoc311::Thanks for an all-star PG, who is going to help us land Dwight Howard!
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::4-11? D-Will is outta there.
joeman1146::I dont see how a core of Humph, D-will, Brookes, and Lopez is bad at all. and find that one missing piece of an awesome Small Forward, with a bench of Farmar and Morrow with memo or petro and stevenson, and a few other gel bench guys. this team is ok. theyd have 4 more wins with Lopez in the game
joeman1146::antoine wright! i knew there was a major one i forgot. if only billy king were around instead of Rod Thorn.
joeman1146::Marcus Williams, Terrence Williams, Ryan Anderson, Derrick Favors. of course terrence and demarcus did not pan out at all, but they had a lot of potential.  even courtney lee, not he wasnt drafted, but he was nice.
joeman1146::Ryan Anderson would be sweet. any TRue Nets fans for the past 5-7 years know all the young talent the nets traded?
yankee4life372::We could've drafted Kobe years ago, but they thought a high school kid couldn't be trusted.
JDoc311::Ugh!  Tell me about it.  We could have drafted Danny Granger too, instead of Antoine Wright.
joeman1146::too bad he doesnt like the nets :(. what other SF's are free agents this season? Lebron? Melo? haha,
JDoc311::I'm tired of all the panic.  D-Will is going to come back.  The Nets are actually a good situation right now.  Lots of cap space.  Nice draft picks.  Nice young talent.  Lopez getting hurt might be a blessing.  It might lead to another impact big, like Anthony Davis.  Remember how the Spurs got Tim Duncan.
PresleyCutchTabata::thats why it would have been nice if Butler would have signed here like everybody was predicting
PresleyCutchTabata::Deron Williams to Dallas for Dominique Jones, Lamar Odom, and a first round pick
yankee4life372::haha you're crazy.
yankee4life372::lol
PresleyCutchTabata::the Mavs first round pick out of Memphis, hes a good player but he doesnt get much playing time
DirkNowitzki4President::That's fine with me but that has to be a joke
PresleyCutchTabata::Dallas wont make a trade offer for Deron Williams unless they are serious about getting Dwight in free agency, then they would let Kidd retire and trade for DWill to lure Dwight there
joe kj2::Your insane if you actually think the Nets would just let Williams walk without getting anything for him.
JDoc311::Yes they are...Brooklyn!
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::He isn't going anywhere??? The NETS aren't going anywhere....which is why he IS going
JDoc311::He's not going anywhere.  He hasn't asked to go anywhere and said he's 90% coming back to NJ.
yankee4life372::Yea i think we learned from Cleveland and Toronto.
thekola::does dallas even have the room under the cap to contend in FA?
thekola::pretty sure teams can offer those two guys more than 15 mil
DirkNowitzki4President::Yes  30 Million in cap space
DirkNowitzki4President::We don't have to give up anyone.   ------------&gt; Summer 2012 Free agency   No trade needed
PresleyCutchTabata::we will sign and trade D-Will somewhere else unless Dallas makes us a good offer
yankee4life372::Nets will never let it get to free agency unless they are confident that DWill will resign.
PresleyCutchTabata::the Nets need to build around there young players and maybe add some depth at power forward and try to acquire an impact player via free agency at Small Forward
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Lopez is soooooo good! LMAO
JDoc311::The Nets need to get Brook Lopez back.
DirkNowitzki4President::Derron William come back home to BIG D  Dwight and DWILL to Dallas ------------------&gt; Summer 2012 Free Agency
JDoc311::Won't happen.
yankee4life372::not free agency, if your team wants him, they will need to offer a trade.
DirkNowitzki4President::then that's a problem for the mavs
yankee4life372::Nets are not gonna risk losing him for nothing, they will either trade him by the deadline or will most likely end up resigning him.
DirkNowitzki4President::he will be a free agent. Go look it up  Cuban has been saving up
PresleyCutchTabata::Deron Williams is not coming back next year, the best case scenario would be for him to play his way to some more trade value and the Nets try to re-acquire some of the talent level that they traded away to get him
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::D-Will was sooooo depressed to get traded from the Jazz. I would be depressed as well. He is giving you LIP service with the 90% crap. I don't study the salary cap stuff in my mom's basement like you do. I admit i don't know. But 30 million more? I don't understand how that can be true.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::How would he lose $30 million if he left? HAHA He is a FREE AGENT. There are such things called "MAX" salaries. He will get that wherever he wants. Why would he want to go to a sorry team like the nets??
JDoc311::You clearly don't know how the salary cap works.  He doesn't get the same year to year raises or a 5th year if he leaves.  or for you...The Nets can pay him 30 million more than any other team.
JDoc311::Really?  Are you his advisor?  He's stated he's 90% coming back.  He hasn't said otherwise.  He hasn't requested a trade.  He would have to move his family, and stands to lose $30 million plus if he leaves.  He's coming back.  Nothing has changed.  ESPN is just manufacturing talking points stating otherwise.  The man said, he's coming back and he hasn't waivered.  Why panic?
joe kj2::Nets should trade Williams and try to get some good young talent for him. Not the terrible trades the Nets made in the past where they got rid of Carter and Kid for garbage.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Williams SAYS it's 90%...but that's cuz he doesn't wanna $@%! people off. He is gunna leave.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::because people ask him ALL the time. He has to come up with something. My friend used to babysit D-Will's kids 2-3 times a week and she is still close with D-Will's wife...His wife doesn't like the Nets. Word on the street. The girl who babysat for them is Mormon...Mormons don't lie. hahaha
JDoc311::Why would he say anything then?
JDoc311::Williams is 90% re-upping with the Nets.  They should not trade him.  Dwight Howard has the Nets at the top of his list because of Williams.  Nothing has changed since last month, other than the calendar.
yankee4life372::exactly, I don't like the idea of putting all of our chips into one superstar(D12). It hasn't worked out well in the past, I'd rather build the right way, it will take patience but the product should be good.
CougarPrideEndures::Most Warrior fans panicked way too quickly when Klay Thompson started off poorly this year. A rookie coming in during a lockout year misses the first week of practice is going to struggle. He is long and more athletic than people give him credit for. As some of you are starting to notice, he can shoot the lights out. He will continue to make mistakes, as he is a rookie, but if Jackson continues to throw him increased minutes he will produce. He will be a good player in this league.
JDoc311::Unless said rookie is MarShon Brooks!
PresleyCutchTabata::Favors and Kanter come in off the bench for Utah and dominate the game against starters even more than Al Jefferson and Paul Milsap do, both of those guys were drafted with NJ Nets draft picks!
JDoc311::Then go root for Utah.  The trade is done.  Get over it.  We need Deron to be the man for us now.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Go JAZZ!
yankee4life372::Brooks has the potential to be a superstar in this league, I'd rather trade DWill for young talent, and build around Brooks and Lopez and save the cap space. Howard is unlikely to happen anyway.
NYturkeysandwhich13::That's crazy.
tommyg2424::and when i say brooke i mean lopez of course
tommyg2424::NOOO god no. thats another solid 3 years of $@%!. and i can't stand watching brooke play ()
Oaktown1029::GG Nets! Good luck!
yankee4life372::you guys too, hopefully you guys healthy soon.
PresleyCutchTabata::if the Nets could trade back with the Jazz and I would do that in a heartbeat
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::The Nets have helped set up the Jazz for years...the nets aren't going anywhere.
Rezo201::Me too!
netsjetsmetsdevs::sooo...just what the nets needed..MarShon o be an absolute stud to package him with lopez and picks for dwight...
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::the Nets suck
JDoc311::Just stop!  We just won a game.  Can we stop talking about trading our stud rookie, for a guy who isn't on our team?  How about we're 4-9 and 3 games out of the playoffs.  Let's make moves and get into contention.  I want to see what Lopez does when he gets back.  We had a really rocky start to the season.  If we can win a few in a row, we're in great shape.
JDoc311::and we could be a win better, because we should have beaten the Clippers.  The officiating in that game was atrocious.
JDoc311::Don't believe the hype.  We are close.  We have two very young players with very promising futures.  We have the cap space and desire to add major pieces.  D-Will has said he's 90% coming back.  The only reason we haven't added is because why hamstring yourself with Nene when you can have Dwight Howard.  We're number 1 on Dwight's list and Deron's list.  Why hit the panic button?  Let's just play this out let Brooks develop, see where we're at with Lopez back, and make a strong run for the playoffs.  Worst case we add Anthony Davis, and still sign better talent next season  It won't be Gaines.  It'll be Nash or Williams.
thekola::Nets have to look long term. like u said, we just won one game. This team is not close to contending for anything serious and DWill is gonna bail if they dont get another superstar, regardless of whetehr they make the playoffs this year. Nets mess around and lose focus on the long term and Sundiata Gaines might be starting at PG next year.
netsjetsmetsdevs::4-11...i wish 4-9... but im intrigued to see what a nucleus of dwill, brooks, and lopez can do.
netsjetsmetsdevs::you cant say faors is the next howard...you just cant.. i love brooks alot but if hes the final piece to get howard you know billy king is gonna do it
PresleyCutchTabata::Favors didnt show us much here as a 19 year old, but as a 20 year old in Utah he is the biggest reason why they are winning and we are not
PresleyCutchTabata::packaging Brooks and sending him to Orlando would be the same stupid mistake the Nets made already by getting rid of the young Dwight Howard (Derrick Favors)
Szeklinski::24pts 8reb and 10ast from D-Will.  Now that's not turrible.
PresleyCutchTabata::the Magic will want Brooks in return for Howard, they will want Brooks, Lopez and two first rounders
JDoc311::Brooks isn't going anywhere at this point.
Rezo201::I would keep Brooks and just offer 3 first rounders + Brook.
thekola::they didnt want that before. i say screw em.
yankee4life372::hell no!
yankee4life372::Brooks has superstar potential.
PresleyCutchTabata::then we dont want Howard
brian hui::who needs howard with marshon brooks?
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::because D-Will is out
JDoc311::Why not?
Rezo201::Howard + Marshon sounds much better. lol
Rezo201::Metro, how do you feel about Tebow going into next season as the starter? Do you really think the Broncos can be legit contenders with him at qb or you would rather have someone else?
49GiaWars::Good game!
Rezo201::You too man.
GsDubb12::Howard is not going to the nets!
JDoc311::I think Howard will make it to free agency.  The Magic are winning.  The Heat are losing.  If the Magic can contend for a championship, Dwight might change his mind.  If they don't he's gone.  This is why they should have dealt him pre-season.  But, hey.  Maybe a ring, makes it the thing.
JDoc311::I agree.  But, the bottom line is, they don't want Bynum or Lopez.  So they're going to give it a shot.  You can't trade Howard when you're team is arguably playing better than anyone in the East.
thekola::no way that team wins the title. howard wants out of orlando for some reason. maybe it's personal. who knows? i know his baby momma lives there and hes on bad terms with her
thekola::Orlando is dumb. They think if they wait someone is gonna empty th cupboard like the dumb knicks did but they are not gonna get any better deals. The nets offered Lopez, gerald wallace, 2 draft picks, and they were gonna eat Duhon and Turk contacts to give the magic felxibility. doesnt get much better than that
Rezo201::Thank you Miss Cleo!
thekola::Nets win. Knicks lose. NBA nirvana for a night
WarriorsGO::This is what im talking about. We can beat teams like Bulls, Miami and lose to Charlotte and Nets. We are so inconsistant. FRUSTRATING.
DPetro10::wtf^
JDoc311::We are better than advertised...  I don't know how the wins haven't come, but in all honesty.  I think the Nets are still a potential playoff team.  3 games out of the playoffs right now, with Lopez about a month away.  Getting better play from D-Will is big.  An easier schedule coming up.  MarShon Brooks continuing to develop and the team beginning to gel.  Don't be too surprised.
JDoc311::Really?  So you've watched a few?  How about Morrow's career shot % vs this season?  How about D-Will's?  I think I know the Nets better than you.  How about you talk about the Warriors?
WarriorsGO::first of all you play in the EAST. You should make the playoffs every fkin year since u dont even have to have a positive record to make the playoffs.
WarriorsGO::Ive watched a few and %s for shots dont lie about the point im making.
JDoc311::Really?  Ok...I watch all the Nets games.  Do you?
WarriorsGO::not the point im making and no your not better then advertised. Your players just hit shots tonight that they normally dont and we played like crap in the 4th.
NYturkeysandwhich13::Great win, go nets.
49GiaWars::you're welcome. NBA schedule makers made sure that you guys wif win tonight! GG
JDoc311::Wah wah....the Nets have had a rough schedule too.
JDoc311::We've lost games on the back ends of back to backs too.  It's just the breaks of a season.  Seriously?  You're going to whine about the schedule less than a month in?
49GiaWars::You guys were complaining earlier about how you needed to win this game because the warriors tired?
thekola::everybody has to deal with compressed schedule. whining is for babies. cut it out.
PresleyCutchTabata::good game Warriors fans, good luck until next time
HoosWarriors::$@%!
MetropolitanBronco::<b>NETS WIN !!!</b>
Rezo201::First home win! Anything is possible! lol
dreamhax::such a lucky win for the nets. how many horrible 3 point shots did they make?
kconn61686::what an idiot. nets out-rebounded gsw by 20 and they only shot 11-29 from 3. lucky shots? the one gsw hit before the half?
yankee4life372::they're still one of the most deadliest teams from beyond the arc
Jackbenimble77::They got a lot of bounces their way as well, specially in the fourth
PresleyCutchTabata::none, they knocked down open 3s
dreamhax::one aspect of the game? they got outshot.
PresleyCutchTabata::look at the rebounding!
PresleyCutchTabata::take off the homer glasses, your team got outplayed tonight, especially on the boards
dreamhax::did you even watch the game? bouncing off the rim 3's. pretty bad shots.
Rezo201::Do you GS fans like Jackson as the head coach so far?
WarriorsGO::I like some things. I dont like how he coaches on offense. Im not sure if I like him as a Coach or Malone. I would like to see what Malone would do with rotations.
