Cole4004::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y01ICEunKVs&amp;context=C3d6ab9cADOEgsToPDskKidIxYvfc_pejdv3IrVMpu shocking stupid footage i had to watch it twice to get it
Seps007::23,000 point club? (and nobody cares)
megadrewton5000::i wonder if dirk could guard bret favre in football and if bret favre could guard dirk in basketball?????
robertloggia16::I had no idea there was a 23,000-point club... I can't wait until he gets to the 23,100-point club.
Mavs Fan-41::They need to build a statue of Dirk at Downtown!!!
inquisitiveman::Mavs are quietly moving on up
Metta.World.Hate::23,000.  Yeah, that's a lot of chicks, but have you seen the women he dates?
iwannaho2000::What ever happened to that woman who had the face of a horse he knocked up? Is he still giving her the carrot?
mr mellow::Funny but low blow!
twinstj2008::Bogut with concussion like symptoms?  What the heck is that?  He either has a concussion or he does not!  He is the Roger Clemens of basketball...only playing home games and never on the road...just pathetic!  and what the heck was Skiles thinking putting Leuer on Dirk..yea that is a great way to destroy a young players confidence put him against one of the best players of our generation.  They should have zoned up and made the Mavericks beat them from the outside...yes they have good shooters but they are streaky!
pwgeno777::The whole Milwaukee Bucks organization should find something they are good at, they sure don't know how to play basketball. They are a joke!  They should go find another city and state to embarrass or go back on strike! It was so nice not to hear about all the cry babies! The best season in NBA is the off season! NBA is fake, the whole league sucks! What a waste of time and money!
msacksinsider::ESPN headline: "Dirk joins 23,000 club"  Funny.  Unlike other statistical clubs, I've never heard of a 23,000 club until now.  Makes it more interesting that Dirk hasn't passed anyone on the total points list since almost a year ago.  How about "Dirk reaches 23,000 points"?  That link headline was ridiculous, like many ESPN headlines
Mavsolute Beast 41::what's wrong with that? at the end of this season he will pass Elgin Baylor, Adrian Dantley, Robert Parish, Kevin Garnett and Charles Barkley. Is that enough for you?
Mavsolute Beast 41::you will have to wait for the next season then..lol
Metta.World.Hate::No, I need more!
Dirk4Prezident::Dirk = Clutch
vohnJackson::How about steve kerr...he is more clutch then both of them.
gking407::Your ma is clutch
ShaqLee_1::Robert Horry is more clutch
Mavsolute Beast 41::Beetch please....Horry was twice at the right time at the right place, wide open.If he had to carry the load for some team out there, he would have came out with the biggest choke jobs ever
Dirk4Prezident::sure he is
Snakes_::DDIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!
OCPRunsTheCops::Watch out, NBA. The Mavs are heating up!
MeryChristianMygirl::Mavericks awesome !
MeryChristianMygirl::http://viesearch.com/
MeryChristianMygirl::THK123, thanks for your post below. I joined 3 weeks ago after reading your post. Now made $1254 since.   Sports Betting Solution   We'll show you how to make $5,000 for the first 90 days using our sports betting services for NFL, NBA, NCAA &amp; MLB. Get the most reliable Vegas Insider Picks from us.
Uoflcardsboi::MAVERICKS ARE BACK!!!!
Uoflcardsboi::MAVERICKS ARE BACK!!!!
joeryan86::Congratulations Dirk! Just another notch on your legendary status. It's been a pleasure watching you play. Keep the good times coming. You're a legend! Go Mavs!
Vikeslegit::Man only if Milwaukee could get Dirk. Wait.
moneyray82::Just think Dirk was drafted by the bucks and traded to Dallas for Robert Traylor...Lol!
twinstj2008::Ok in all fairness to the Bucks...well I got nothing that might have been the worse trade in NBA history...the Bucks would have done better trading Dirk for some warm weather in December
Pete Venkman::Has Bogut played a road game this year? Wow that dude misses a ton of games
badger0130::it's frustrating as a bucks fan. The bucks are probably a playoff team in the East but Bogut MUST be on the floor for this to happen.
WashingtonStateCougs061::Dallas has the mavericks....wisconsin has the packers
NBA_refs_are_weak::they are the trailblazers of the east. seems like every year its "IF" they stay healthy they can be a darkhorse
Omagus::The recap says that Dirks is in his 14th year. It also says that Vince Carter is a 13-year pro. But they were part of the same draft class in 1998.
usafahogfan::They mean that both players have 13 years behind them and are currently in their 14th year.
TheGoodDoc365::True, they came in the same year.
jboogie2161990::Probably the greatest foreign player to come to the NBA.  7 footer with a touch of gold on his shot.
ShaqLee_1::Steve Nash
Omagus::I was debating who has had the greater career between Dirk and Nash. Personally, I think that one regular season MVP+one Finals MVP &gt; two regular season MVPs.
ShaqLee_1::Or Tim Duncan
Omagus::The Virgin Islands was a US Territory when Duncan was born So he's not technically foreign.
joeryan86::Hakeem is great but he's a Rocket lol
Omagus::I assume you're not counting Hakeem Olajuwon as foreign.
Omagus::I love Dirk. But you're crazy.
joeryan86::Dirk&gt;Hakeem
jboogie2161990::yeah that is correct.  I guess technically the Dream was born in another country, but played in college in the States before going pro.
CandySparker::Hello Dirkness, my old friend.
Snakes_::ha!
thek87::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
amads138::nowitzki=real n.i.g.g.a.
TheGoodDoc365::yeah, he's down.
TheGoodDoc365::^^^it's ok son, shut your trap when adults are talking.
thek87::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
BrianWolfskill::What the crap is going on in this board???
TheGoodDoc365::Never mind ESPN, they ban me for my little rants, but spammers are running rampant. Heck, I'll probably get a two day ban for this complaint......or better yet, my post would disappear after 10mins. Just watch.
TheGoodDoc365::.
thek87::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
clakey2::Apparently, it's okay because no one cares about people's opinion.
thek87::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
Cantonmembersonly::Time to go nightey-night :D
Gt_jackets89::Do u want the hall light on? Or your blanky?
RiSe_4_I3aTTLe::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
Cantonmembersonly::You guys helped me spam my enemy with the phone number I posted :)! He has limited texting, so thank you! Everyone likes him but I don't know why :(. Everyone but me of course :)!
RiSe_4_I3aTTLe::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
Cantonmembersonly::Just kidding I'm not a girl you lolcatz! But you probably believed me!
RiSe_4_I3aTTLe::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
Cantonmembersonly::Awww.... I'm gonna go to bed now! Everyone needs sleep! Why should anyone be different? It's my beddy time now :)! No work tomorrow! It's the weekend! And no one has even guessed my gender correctly :D! Looks like I'm a pretty sneaky gal! Well, you all should have a great night tonight and a fantastic weekend :D! I really do love you all :)!  BEST WISHES TO ALL THE FRIENDS I MADE :)!
JohnClaytonLooksLikeAnElf::You should consider sucking my co-ck then.
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
JohnClaytonLooksLikeAnElf::8 inches of pure man here folks.. I banged BRADFORDS mom after this Mavs blowout.. She could only take 6 inches
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
Gt_jackets89::This is Richard Simmons, AKA Canton:  http://www.businesstravellogue.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/04/richard-simmons.jpg
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Good game Mavs! It's nice to see the team start gelling together.
STORM13 410::What self respecting 27 year old man says bunghole?
JohnClaytonLooksLikeAnElf::I like banging your mom in your kitchen.
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
JohnClaytonLooksLikeAnElf::Funny thing is I'm not 15.. I'm 27 and your mom took 8 inches of pure man in her bunghole.
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::15 yr olds like you shouldn't have computer access
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion...
JohnClaytonLooksLikeAnElf::Suck my diiiiiii....ccccckkkkkk.. All of you
Gt_jackets89::found a friend for canton finally
Cantonmembersonly::YES :)
JohnClaytonLooksLikeAnElf::You enjoy sucking co-ck?
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
hungrymuffen::I wonder if Canton (AKA Richard Simmons) has gotten bored yet.
Cantonmembersonly::No! Boredom is for those with medication!
Cantonmembersonly::Will you be mine :)?
hungrymuffen::Hey Dick. Need a friend?
Gt_jackets89::*Dick
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
Gt_jackets89::We should get his moms number and get him in a load of $@%! haha
hannimanni41::i already have his moms number
Cantonmembersonly::Impossible.
Gt_jackets89::lol i'm sure u do but if so call it haha
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
greenbayrodgers314::I texted the number Canton posted.... the reply:  "Please stop! I won't be mad! Just don't do it anymore, I don't really know you! Thanks :)!!!"
Cantonmembersonly::Just no more! I don't want the bill! I got Verizon and I'm sure they are all nice people :D.
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
Gt_jackets89::It's ok, no one cares about your financial issues.
Gt_jackets89::Canton in a nutshell: A 12 year old with down syndrome whose mom fails to keep the medicine cabinet shut and fetal alcohol syndrome
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
Gt_jackets89::Artist's rendition of Cantonmembersonly:  http://proktorsbrainfart.files.wordpress.com/2010/09/south-park-no-life.jpg?w=510
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok son, no one cares about your opinion.
hannimanni41::HA LMFAO
Cantonmembersonly::571-527-9797! I have limited texting so those of you that are texting me from the Fort-Worth region, please stop! It's ok, I'm not mad at you :). I just want you to be polite :)! Learn your manners! If anyone wants to talk to me I'll pick up the phone!!!!!!!!!
hannimanni41::dont care.. im going to rack ur phone bill up
Cantonmembersonly:::( You're a meanie :(. I get limited income at my night shift you know!
hannimanni41::k my turn now lol
Cantonmembersonly::I'm not going to reply now that I know what you're doing :)! Can't give bullies attention!
greenbayrodgers314::Lol I texted the number to see if it was legit because I have unlimited texting, and it replied "Please stop! I won't be mad! Just don't do it anymore, I don't really know you! Thanks :)!!!"
Cantonmembersonly::"Please stop! I won't be mad! Just don't do it anymore, I don't really know you! Thanks !!!"
hungrymuffen::It's ok dude no one cares about your opinion.
Cantonmembersonly::Lies.
hannimanni41::just keep texting that number"its okay dude, no one cares about ur opnion." rack up this dudes phone bill
hannimanni41::keep texting him! just repeat... its okay dude no one cares about ur opinion over and over and over and over and over again.. lets rack up his messages
hannimanni41::Dude, just go to bed bro, i know there is no school for you since its a saturday but both me and ur mother know if you stay up too late you get all cranky....
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok dude no one cares about your opinion.
Gt_jackets89::Ay since this is Richard Simmons why dont we nickname him Dick?
hungrymuffen::I care and I agree. Dick Simmons.
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok dude no one cares about your opinion.
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok dude no one cares about your opinion.
Gt_jackets89::if i $@%!$@ your mom would you forgive me and give me a present?
hannimanni41::cantonmemebers.. if you ever get ur $@%-dumpster FAGUT self down to virginia beach lemme know.. i would be glad to beat ur $@%.... then you would care about my opinion....
hannimanni41::LOL. dudes getting fcked in the $@% right now by big gene.. hes telling him"its okay, i forgive you, were friends"
Cantonmembersonly::I do! I always forgive :).
Cantonmembersonly::Gladly! We'll go to the hospital holding hands and then I'll forgive you :)! Friends forgive :D!
Cantonmembersonly::Aww.... you're so sweet :D!
Gt_jackets89::Suspicion confirmed: we are talking to Richard Simmons.
Cantonmembersonly::I live in mountainous DC! I was going to get off, but I felt bad about you guys missing me :)! I'm here to stay! Thank the lord!
Gt_jackets89::Hey everyone, stop being so hard on Cantonmembersonly, he's just a 12 year old that got r@ped as a baby and has failed to get a girlfriend since.
Tams92::He got sanduskied?
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok dude no one cares about your opinion.
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok dude no one cares about your opinion.
Gt_jackets89::yep, i'll bet he's one of the victims that wants even more attention lmao
Cantonmembersonly::Yeah guys seriously... and it was 14.
mavericksfan4life256::8============D -----------------------------------------------------
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok dude no one cares about your opinion.
mavericksfan4life256::It ok dude no one cares that you dont think anyone cares about their opinion.
mavericksfan4life256::LOL
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok dude no one cares about your opinion.
Cantonmembersonly::It's ok dude no one cares about your opinion.
Cantonmembersonly::Had a fun night with y'all! Really great to meet you guys, I feel like I'm a better person through this experience! I love you all! I'm out, may Tebow's religion be with you!  If you guys ever want to meet up with me, just call me at 571-527-9797! Northern Virginia for the win :)!
hannimanni41::his mother must have told him to get off the computer...
Cantonmembersonly::You bet sir :)!
ATOWN45::.
Cantonmembersonly::Aww.... I forgive you :)! Tebow would! Jesus forgiveth!
THE JEFFERNATER::haha.. So you live in the mountains of Virginia. Explains it all
Cantonmembersonly::Tons of mountains in DC.
hungrymuffen::Peace out Mr. (Mrs?) Simmons.
Cantonmembersonly::That's my name! John Simmons!
hannimanni41::im in virginia beach, come meet me so i can fuKKKKK you up QUEER
Cantonmembersonly::My cousin lives down there! Maybe we can meet up :)
