Jeremy Lugo::GOOOOO!!!!!! SPURS!!!!! GOOOOO!!!!! Seems like injuries isn't affecting the Spurs! Keep it going fellas!
Jason Fleck::Really think they can win it this year if they stay healthy, keep the big 3 minutes in check and Leonard keeps improving.
John Aikins::Am I the only person who sees the jazz as a decent team. They are very inconsistent but when they play good, they compete and beat some of the best teams.
Preston Tripp::I completely agree. but it is the NBA. These players are in the NBA for a reason. any team can beat any team on any given night. but the Jazz have a ton of top potential!!!
Brendyn Scott::Just watched the video of the analysis that Tim Legler gives on this game and he says that they Jazz have the least amount of talent in the league. So I would agree with you that very few see the amount of talent on this Jazz team.
Keith Rhodes::Well, I don't think they'd be in last place in the East.
Blixa Ridgeback::teams like the jazz can be dangerous... GO SPURS GO!!!!
Jack Fierro::GSG!
Blair Ritger::Spurs are favored by 14...that might be too optimistic...Spurs probably win a close one, by 5 or 6 points.
Blair Ritger::Told ya it would be close at the end.  Big lead = Pop sits the starters = late run for the Jazz.  Spurs still win, though.  GSG!!!
Alice Soefje::Blair Ritger Sometimes I think Pop does this on purpose. He does not seem to want them to win by a big score. Doesn't want them to "get bored," But he sure is going to give some of us heart attacks eventually.
Mark Freckleton::Alice Soefje It looks to me that Pop is just keeping key players fresh by resting them. I'm sure we will see a lot of that in April and May.
Patrick Foote::FREE KANTER
David J Borg::This Jazz team are very talented. There's a lot of very good pieces here. Burke, Burks, Hayward, Favors, Kanter (he was a monster tonight!), Gobert, Neto. That's a lot of young talent to build around. Potentially, there's a very high ceiling for this group with the right drafting and free agency moves. But potential is one thing, what happens is something completely different.
Mike Hermansen::Is Hayward truly injured or is this the front office's way of keeping the Jazz from winning? I want to see the Jazz play well... and lose... and I want to watch Hayward. Can all of those things happen???
Bradford Harrison Rippe::king alec is better than hayward
Mark Freckleton::Bradford Harrison Rippe Proclamation may be a bit premature. Besides, their styles are so radically different it is difficult to compare the two. I hope both of them develop into all-stars.
Bradford Harrison Rippe::Mark Freckleton not premature. 1. Better passer 2. Better scorer 3. He is a King http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPajrnCtLiI
Mike Hermansen::Perfect game for the Jazz, and I mean that. They show everyone that they are improving and will compete with the big boys soon BUT they lose and bring us one step closer to this years goal.
Jack Suenram::quiet about losing, please....probably about tenth worst record in the league this year, and yes the players and coach wanting to win are more relevant than our dumb opinions here.
John Palmer::Jazz leading scorer (Hayward) was out injured tonite. With him playing the result may have been different.
Lavender West::Kanter had a great game because Hayward was out.  What if Hayward played tonight and played poorly while also taking away all the touches Kanter would have had.  What if Pop didn't sit Duncan for the last 15 minutes of the game.  What if Danny Green and Tiago Splitter played.  There are so many variables that you can't just say "If this guy played they would have won"
Jesse Hiatt::I'm a die hard Jazz fan, but go Spurs... the Jazz really need to drop back down to the bottom 3 if we're going to have any chance in the lottery >3<
Michael Joseph Papazian::As a Michigan and Pistons fan I'm still pissed they passed on Burke. Such a terrible move in my opinion. It was a perfect match.
Jacob Call::I guess you just have to become a Jazz fan now, right? (;
Michael Killebrew::Mhmm....TP are you with me? Cold-blooded. *Gus Johnson voice*
Mike Wagener::Spurs struggle tonight, final score SPURS 100, Jazz 91
William Mials::What the hell is going on with Marvin Williams ? 0 pts ?
Keegan Jaguar Paw::Who gets to 10 pts first parket or burke?
Keegan Jaguar Paw::Parker*
Jesse Hiatt::probably Parker... Burke will likely be the first to get 5 assists though lol
Edward Ochoa::lets go spurs put it down on the jazz
