bamberg1977::Hey guys, lost stop on the scavenger hunt. I cant believe I found a Jamal Tinsley!
fuzzjar::see you all back here tomorrow night.  with matthews out of the line-up, jazz win by 6.
funyuns72::Been using a betting system called sportsbettingstar the past few months. I doubled my starting balance the first month and made almost $3000 my second month using this system. If you bet on sports you gotta check this system out
ensign.devyn::If you reply to me, I will sign up for this website.
amiller244::Whether we're building for the short term or the long term, something really needs to be done about our bench, it's atrocious. You can pretty much attribute this loss, along with at least a few more this season, to lack of bench production. If we're hanging in the 8th seed race with this horrible of a bench, just think where we could be with a few decent bench guys.
amiller244::I would hold onto Babbitt and try to work Leonard in for more minutes, but that means less minutes for Hickson...Price and Jeffries really have no upside though, journeymen who really don't do much of anything anymore. Also, I wouldn't be against dumping Nolan Smith unless we plan on playing him more to try to drive up his trade value.
scow79::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=azzjcv7  What do you think Clipper fan?   You need a third big.  Unless you really want to risk having it be Odom in the playoffs and also deal with Jordan or Griffen's poor free throw shooting in crunch time.
fuzzjar::This trade is awesome.  I would hate to see Millsap go.  But I think I'd get over it reasonably well once Bledsoe was owning the other team's PG every night and Favors and Kanter got more minutes.
amiller244::Honestly I'm surprised Millsap is even still in Utah with all the trade talk he's been involved in.
scow79::I actually don't know how I feel about it.  I love Millsap and think he'd be great with Favors in the future.  Plus it would raise the chances that the Jazz re-sign Big Al, which makes me shudder.
JazzCeltics::Why do you shudder when thinking about Al coming back? He is helping develop both of our young bigs way more than Paul. He spends time with both of them, he handles himself well on and off the court. When the game gets tight he is our most consistent player. And right now Al is our best player hands down. True some of our young players have the potential to be better but they aren't better right now.  So why are you so anxious to get rid of our best player? Is it just because he isn't a superstar? What happens when/if kanter, favors, heyward never become superstars? Do we trade them too?
mbatkiew::What'd everyone think of the Rudy Gay trade?
ensign.devyn::Good for both Memphis and Toronto, honestly.
fuzzjar::awesome for toronto.  wouldn't surprise me too much if they were able to make the playoffs now.  But I haven't looked closely enough at salaries and contracts to understand why Memphis did this deal.
dahojas::It truly pisses me off that Kanter isn't getting any min lately. DEVELOP HIM CORBIN! He's going to be AMAZING someday!
scow79::You mean 11 minutes over two games isn't good for development of a #3 lottery pick?
ensign.devyn::Yeah, but someone we play at SG/PG doesn't really affect a backup C's minutes. I'm sure we'd all like to see both play.
dahojas::I like it too, but I would way rather have Kanter developing. Burks is too sporadic. He makes too many  bad decisions. I don't think his future is as bright as Kanters, nor is his potential as high.  Off the soap box.
ensign.devyn::No kidding, been awesome see Burks play. I still get giddy every time I see him in.
scow79::Corbin needs to Jimmer someone now that he can't really do it to Burks right now.
ensign.devyn::Kanter's getting Jimmered.
mbatkiew::Jazz should go after Eric Bledsoe.
jason21382::Jazz need somone, They need a Star on the team, to sell the Brand.
mbatkiew::Only thing is, you'd probably have to give up Kanter -- no other salaries match up. But I'd like to see a core of Bledsoe, Favors, and Kanter for the future. That would be awesome.
scow79::Tyler Hansbrough....obviously
mbatkiew::That's a fair comparison but I think the Jazz are more front court oriented (obviously you have great rotation -- that you're going to have to break up eventually) while the Pacers are more backcourt oriented.
ensign.devyn::I think of the Pacers like the Jazz of the East. Though their D is better then ours (and we all know why).
mbatkiew::Yeah, they're a good young team. Kind of a boring offense but obviously a great defensive team and watchable. Western teams are funner to watch because they're all offense. I like teams that are built well and Larry Bird did a great job there.
ensign.devyn::Do you like the Pacers? Just wonderin
mbatkiew::Diehard, lifelong (post-MJ years, I was 8 when Jordan won his last) Bulls fan. But I like the Nuggets, Jazz, and Warriors if I'm rooting for a Western team.
fuzzjar::what team are you a fan of?
fuzzjar::well Lowry has now been eliminated from consideration.
ensign.devyn::Bring a Jazz Killer to Utah? Who are we, Kobe Bryant? ;)
ensign.devyn::There a lot of good young PG's to consider, for sure.
scow79::Is it possible the Jazz are about to trade Kanter?  Could be a reason for the lack of minutes the last two games.
scow79::And that would also be how I become a part time Clipper fan.     No I would not want the Jazz to trade Kanter for Bledsoe
fuzzjar::Yes, I think it's totally possible.  I'd hate to see it happen.  Kanter is such a beast.
mbatkiew::You wouldn't give up Kanter for Eric Bledsoe?
mbatkiew::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=azkwgya  Boom. Jazz get their starting PG of the future and release Chauncey afterwards so the Clips can have him back.
mbatkiew::You could do that unspoken, "we're going to release this guy and you could re-sign him" cap-filler thing that teams do. So you acquire Billups and then let him walk back to the Clippers.
fuzzjar::well, looking at it again, the clips wouldn't drop two PGs in a single deal unless there were another team involved and they were getting another PG.  But the Jazz could possibly take someone else off their hands to make the salaries work for Kanter.  I don't see any way the Clips would want to add Jefferson to their team.
mbatkiew::I'm not a Jazz fan, so I don't know how attached you guys are to Kanter. In the games I've caught him in, he seems like a good young piece for the future. Obviously you'd want to ship out Jefferson over Kanter, but the salaries wouldn't work for a Jefferson-for-Bledsoe deal.
fuzzjar::This is the first idea that I've seen that the Clips might actually do.  Kanter would be a serious upgrade over Turiaf.  If Billups is healthy, there is definitely no need to keep Bledsoe.  They are still contenders without him.  Wow, I have mad respect for Kanter, but this....this makes me think.
KevinHate::We need a bench.
scow79::I've heard they can be useful.   Too bad your GM didn't hear the same thing.
fuzzjar::Do the Jazz sign a PG from the d-league to a 10-day contract before tomorrow night's game?
ensign.devyn::Doubt it, and I hope not. I'd rather see Burks play full backup minutes.
ensign.devyn::Oh boy, I had forgotten about him.
scow79::Blake Ahearn should be expecting a call.
ensign.devyn::He can. If Watson's MRI tomorrow shows something serious, we might sign someone then, but 'i doubt they'll play. They'll be an "in case of further injury" signing. Jazz will play Tinsley and Burks at PG, and once Hayward is back, PG by committee, which I like, with Burks, Hayward, and Foye all sharing responsibilities.
scow79::Burks can only get better.   He does look a bit lost out there though.   He's no where near as aggressive as he was last year.  Which is a bit depressing for me.
fuzzjar::I was forgetting about Foye.  He can also play some PG if needed.
ensign.devyn::I'm sure he'd be a little shaky, but if he does what Tinsley did tonight he'll be fine for 1 game.
scow79::I'd highly doubt it.   They better give Burks a chance over a D-League PG or they might as well just call it a loss and trade him.
fuzzjar::anyone know if Murphy can play PG?  I know next to nothing about that guy.
ensign.devyn::PG by committee, and Murphy actually plays.
fuzzjar::So would I.  But what happens if either Tinsley or Burks goes down in tomorrow night's game?
KobeLieS::LOL Batum only 5 points?  LOL Bench only 10 points?  LOL @ fans actually wanting to see this team make the playoffs!!!!
bshowers79::LOL @ the Clippers losing by 25 to Toronto (good sign of them "dominating" the playoffs, like you've been constantly jocking)….wait, you've probably switched back to being a Miami fan
KobeLieS::LOL Atleast the Clippers will be in the playoffs.....
scow79::Who the heck is Victor Claver and why is he getting 18 minutes in an NBA game?   And it's sad when our number 3 pick might be jealous of him for getting so many minutes.
scow79::I'd like them to start Favors and Millsap and bring Kanter off the bench next year.  There's a reason there aren't many offensive centers in the league.  It's a defensive position.   The Center is there to clean up mistakes on defense, not cause them.   Al's great on offense most nights, but usually so is the opposing team when Al is on the court.  I'd take Tyson Chandler a hundred times over before I'd choose Big Al as my starting center and he's no where near Big Al on offense.
fuzzjar::cool man.  good points.  although...dominant offensive centers have certainly had their place on championship teams.  perhaps that's a thing of the past now.  The Thunder and Heat have two the worst offensive centers on the planet.
fuzzjar::What would you suggest for Kanter to get more minutes?
fuzzjar::I have mixed feelings about Al.  He's one of the worst Centers defensively.  On the other hand, he's one of the best on offense and he consistently gets his share of rebounds.  How many centers are there out there that are great go-to guys, shoot free throws well, rebound, AND play tremendous defense?    What would you like to see?  You want them to move Al and start Kanter?  Or you want them to move Al and get someone else that has more ability and toughness on D but is less capable on offense?
scow79::You could be right.   But how long do they need to evaluate players?   They've had 3 years now to evaluate Big Al.  Would you be happy if the Jazz re-signed Big Al to a 4 year 13-14M per contract?   The guys who need to be evaluated are the young guys.  We have to offer an extension to Favors and Hayward after this season remember.   That's big money for possible unknowns.   Not so much Hayward, moreso Favors.  My hope would be that after the trade deadline passes, if nothing has changed, that management would start encouraging Ty to play the young guys more.
fuzzjar::As you said, the Jazz may not make a trade before the deadline.  But stuff is going to happen in the offseason.  I still think they are taking the evaluation of players more seriously than winning.  And if they can do their evaluations while still making the playoffs, then they are so much the better for it.  Not saying I necessarily agree with that philosophy, it's just what I think they are doing.
scow79::Take them away from Al of course.   You know, like they were doing before.   If you can make a case why Kanter shouldn't be getting around 15 minutes a game I'm all ears.   Playing a number 3 pick 5 minutes a game is a joke.
jason21382::UTAH!
ensign.devyn::LMAO ESPN giving LAL the front page because they finally ended their 8 game losing streak in Minnesota. Only ESPN is going to give an awful team credit for snapping that embarrassing of a streak, because that team is based in LA.
bshowers79::So dumb. The media continues to relentlessly flog the dead horse that is the Lakers since they haven't panned out as a "super team" and the stories of their mediocrity/outright-awfulness are no longer interesting/surprising anymore
fuzzjar::who freaking cares about the lakers.
ensign.devyn::ESPN, as always.
ensign.devyn::Every one of our starters was + tonight. If it's the same tomorrow night, we'll win.
BaySports 1.1::10 bench points, even with a starter injured.  Nice job Blazers.  Smh.
bshowers79::Babbitt was at least TRYING
ensign.devyn::Yeah, Millsap's eyes lit up when he saw they were going to put Babbitt on him
ensign.devyn::They reached 5/8's of their average
fuzzjar::So...Calderon to the Pistons.  Anyone think this means Detroit wants to get rid of Knight...and that the Jazz are going after him?
adamsbrian88::I keep hearing that he's more of a tweener, more SG than PG
scow79::Stuckey could now be available though
scow79::Actually 11.5 points and 3.9 assists per game.  His shooting percentages would be what would drive me away.  38 from 2 and 29 from 3
fuzzjar::Hope he's not what the Jazz want.  He averages about 10 points and under 3 assists per game.
ensign.devyn::He'd be a decent fit.
scow79::Nope.   It means they're going to play Knight at the SG position more.
scow79::Yeah I was about to say Detroit has to be looking to move his contract if they can.  He's due 8.5 over the next two years I believe.
fuzzjar::I don't understand the trade from Detroit's point of view at all.
ensign.devyn::You're probably right, especially with Stuckey's contract.
scow79::I guess we'll see what Detroit does.  I'd be very surprised if they trade a 2nd year player who has a lot of potential in favor of a 32 year old PG though.   Stuckey is much more likely to be on the block.
ensign.devyn::For what it's worth, I'd like Knight as a PG.
fuzzjar::Yes, but my point was he had 10 assists as the starting PG.
scow79::They won't play him exclusively at the 2.   Just more.  He's only averaging 4 assists a game.
ensign.devyn::Eh, Batum's a good example of this. He's a very good assist man for Portland, he had 2 triple dubs last month, but he plays the 3. It's just a nice compliment
fuzzjar::I dunno man, he had 10 assists tonight.  I doubt that is what they want.
fuzzjar::Glad to see some discussion on here about Jefferson getting some credit.  Jazz fans are way too hard on him.  He is such an important part of the team.
Darkflame07::And for all the crap al gets for getting burned on the pick n roll, Lillard went right by kanter twice.......
scow79::I think that speaks to Lillard's ability more than Kanter's lack of PnR defense.  When just about every PG in the league gets to the rim because of Kanter's PnR defense, then we can start comparing Kanter's terrible PnR defense to Big Al's.
fuzzjar::lillard was awesome.
tfoutz31::hes important in letting the lead slip away and gaining peoples trust of his "clutch" shooting. id like to see the young guns kanter and favors play more... he did play decent ball tonight though. ill give him some credit, but not tons
fuzzjar::Al let's the lead slip away?  Sounds like you are just a hater.  The Jazz don't lose because of Al.  They lose because of horrible team defense and settling for jump shots.  And no, Al is not the only one guilty of playing horrible team defense.  I like to see Favors and Kanter play too.  But I'd rather have Al in crunch time when the Jazz need to close out a game.  Maybe you ought to do a bit of research for us: how many games has Al helped to seal a win for the Jazz vs. how many games has he lost it for the Jazz.
mikeisildur::He did basically give them the win against the Pacers.
scow79::So I guess Corbin's next target for erratic playing time and just generally messing with his confidence is Kanter?
fuzzjar::My guess is that it's related to the Jazz coaches/management wanting to put players into different situations on the court and see how they perform so that they can make the right moves before the trade deadline and/or in the offseason.  I think that is more of a priority for them than winning games.  Besides, they pretty much had the game won by halftime anyway.
scow79::I'll agree with you when the Jazz actually make a trade.   It's my opinion that they're content where they're at.
ensign.devyn::Yeah, that was strange. Jefferson played 37 minutes tonight and Paul probably would have played more if he didn't go out with that hurt elbow.
tfoutz31::definetly
scow79::I could understand it a little bit if the guy wasn't performing when he got in the game or if the Jazz consistently lost leads.  He usually is part of the bench crew pulling the starters behinds out of the fire though.
mikeisildur::T-wolves let me down...
ensign.devyn::Randy Foye was 4/17. Took 11 three-pointers. Wow...
bshowers79::Randy Foye is pretty awful, he's on his way to career averages of less than 40% FG's
mikeisildur::Doing his Kobe impression
ensign.devyn::Once again, Millsap Millslaps Aldridge.
bshowers79::He did, but it's more like the Jazz, as a team, trounced the Blazers once again. I think every single team in the league would take Aldridge over Milsap.
scow79::I think someone is trying to push buttons.  :)
ensign.devyn::Just pointing out that Millsap won the head to head battle for the umpteenth time in a row :)
KKhan04::Any chance Hayward plays tomorrow or is he staying in SLC?
Darkflame07::He probably won't play until at least wedsnesday
scow79::Agreed
ensign.devyn::Let's give Big Al some credit for the game tonight. Played pretty good D most of the game, and was his usual self in the clutch.
scow79::Define pretty good?   Defensive rebounds are part of defense.  Also most nights where it takes 22 shots to get 21 points, we're going to lose.   We're just lucky Portland played just as badly as we did.
ensign.devyn::Yeah, I hope we don't.
scow79::If you're twisting my arm.   Sure.   I'm probably just biased by my dislike of watching Big Al play.   If they re-sign him in the off-season I am really going to have to contemplate just how far my adoration for the C4 really goes.  I don't know if I can handle watching him for another 4 years.
ensign.devyn::Agree that it was better than average though?
scow79::We'll just have to agree to disagree.   Although I will admit I wasn't able to watch most of the 1st quarter, so maybe Big Al did well then and I just didn't see it.
ensign.devyn::He hedged well, and held his position in the post. Yeah, he let Lillard go, nothing new. But compared to his regular games, this was a good one.
scow79::Are you sure it wasn't more that Aldridge just had a bad shooting night and Portland turned the ball over a lot?   I saw plenty of the same old Al.  Not rotating, not boxing out, allowing Lillard to get to the hoop untouched.  Is physically unable to guard the PnR.
ensign.devyn::Held Aldridge to poor shooting numbers, guarded him a fair amount of time, got a couple blocks, didn't allow Aldridge to do what he wanted. For the record, I always harp on Al's D and can't stand it, like most people on here, but tonight was a good defensive night for him.
tfoutz31::I agree, the first half looked pretty decent though
tfoutz31::id still rather see favors more than jefferson...
ensign.devyn::Depends on what we give up... Best thing to do still is make a trade during the season, but with Al and Paul being FA's after the season, it's going to be hard to do so, using those 2 as tradebait.
tfoutz31::could they even try to get someone like Holliday? the sixers would be crazy to get rid of him... he would be real sweet to have.
ensign.devyn::Yes, him too. He's really improved.
tfoutz31::or vasquez
ensign.devyn::I would love Bledsoe, or Jrue Holliday, or even Maynor back
tfoutz31::hes too old though, well I guess he wouldn't be as bad as I think it would be. or maybe an eric bledsoe?
ensign.devyn::Not really a better Mo Williams. If we're going to go after someone, it'll be a PG like Calderon.
tfoutz31::isn't better what we are looking for?
ensign.devyn::Eh, Ellis like a slightly better Mo Williams.
tfoutz31::yeah there are some bad things about it, I think they mostly got rid of him cause GS still has curry and they both demand the ball
scow79::You just described Big Al Jr.
ensign.devyn::I'm gonna disagree. He's a volume shooter, not a great passer, and the best thing GS did was get rid of Ellis.
tfoutz31::I kinda hope they trade him, for someone like monta ellis. I think hed be pretty good for the jazz
ensign.devyn::I would too, I'm just giving credit where credit is due
Dadsterbug::Can't shoot 36% &amp; expect to win....can't let the bench get outscored 28-10 every game.  Can't shoot in the teens 3 out of the 4 quarters &amp; expect to hear cheers.  17 wins in 80 some games...
ensign.devyn::Good garbage minutes, garbage hustle plays, garbage rebounds, garbage D, and garbage points by Carroll tonight
tfoutz31::hes a junk yard kinda guy right?
ensign.devyn::Haha
its_complicated::Jazz &gt; Blazers.  Sorry everyone.
KKhan04::I think they'll still win by like 8. Tough place to play+Jazz suck on the road.
ensign.devyn::Yeah, I would give the edge to Portland too, even without Matthews, because we're without Gordo, but we'll see.
KKhan04::Didn't know that. My bad
ensign.devyn::So now the Blazers won't kill the Jazz?
Darkflame07::And blazers won't have Matthews.
KKhan04::Jazz are on the road.
KKhan04::Tomorrow the Blazers will kill the Jazz...
scow79::Portland will still have the same bench tomorrow, correct?
Encaladitos::dont looks now but lakers trying to do what they did with Suns again.
Mancub 10::even james and the giant peach is better than tremors.
BaySports 1.1::Lame-O Game-O.  GG Utah.  Get well Matthews.
Mancub 10::Tremors 3 is cooler than 1
Encaladitos::When trolls get desperate this is what happens.
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::assblasters? Please, b¡tch, You're out of your element.
Grantox::gg blazers hope wesley and ronnie are not out tooo long! good luck with that!
BaySports 1.1::Not really worried about Price, lol.  GG.
Grantox::hopefully out tommorrow tho!
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::Well, that was a real barn burner. Go Jazz.
Grantox::well at least if the jazz lose tommorrow these 2 games were non factors now
Mancub 10::Jazz and Blazers smell
Grantox::like victory! ( jazz)
Grantox::i dont think al has hit a midrange shot for at least 20 games
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::"I don't fill my tank up with gas when it gets lows, I prefer to coast into the station on fumes."  - Ty Corbin
Grantox::lol you crack me up
Grantox::well done then!
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::That's the idea.
capnchuc::The Jazz are gona lose by 30 tomorrow.
bshowers79::Definitely not by 30, but Blazers will win.
Grantox::no 2 key players for blazers will be out so they gotta chance
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::No Matthews? Jazz can win that.
capnchuc::I have lost all faith in Corbin/milsap/Jeffy...
Mancub 10::Hah hah the blazers are gonna drop to 500
Grantox::i hate when al gets the ball then starts his footwork, you just know he is gonna force a shot and more times than not miss
capnchuc::Wow good shot big Al, you are so good.
RainingDimes::How has the Jazz crowd reacted to Lillard tonight?
bshowers79::What? Randy Foye isn't good enough???
utahandy::Jazz fans appreciate a good point guard. If only we had one.....
wingerisgreat@gmail.com::Like any other opposing point guard.
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::Positively.
Mancub 10::Blazers need to go practice how to play basketball.
Mancub 10::But the Lakers are dumb
Grantox::serious go to the lakers board plz
Grantox::dang it nuggets are gonna win!
kubxiong::whats wrong with matthews
wingerisgreat@gmail.com::Bad ankle sprain. Getting an xray
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::xray negative. Severe ankle sprain.
KevinHate::Just left the Laker discussion board. Thought I'd come here and talk with some reasonable fans for a change
BaySports 1.1::Ugly, ugly game.
ClydeTheGlide_22::Well considering they don't have all 5 starters in the game...which is basically their whole team... It probably would end up being ugly
KCmizzou852::stop scoring please utah
KCmizzou852::i just need 4 and half
Grantox::they have scored like 5 pts this quarter lol
sjmcb160::I hate how often Jefferson covers his face like someone has just poked one of his eyes out. He does it at least 3 times a game.
Grantox::lmao!!! i dont like much about jefferson anymore. sometimes he comes u p big but most the time he is a liability
capnchuc::The only time he isn't a liability is if he shoots 100% from the floor.
capnchuc::can't we just send him home like we did to Raja
