DontDenyTruth::I refuse to read any comments by people who refer to The Orlando MAGIC as "The Magic's"
taylorh19::What about Gician's...
giantsmaximuspop::this team is setup for deron
Rambomonster9::Who is the NBA's "PER" leader,  point per minute leader, FG% leader AND 3pt% leader???....MIKE MILLER $@%!$@%!
Sharter McCarter::You know he only played for 15 minutes this season, right?
LovinLavin::As long as the Magic keep winning, the closer they are to not trading him and letting Dwight Howard walk in free agency.  The Magic will make the playoffs, but they won't get far.
Magicmike321::First, let me say thanks for the vote of confidence and nobody cares what you think.  Second, if we are only going to get other teams crap for Howard I would rather take my chances with him walking for nothing and start the rebuilding process.  So, I'll take one more year of being relevant as apposed to getting a scrub from some other team and being trapped in draft pick hell.  Too good to get a good pick and too bad to win anything
Emmannuel1220::Exactly. I say let him walk. The only FEASIBLE trade scenario out there right now is Bynum, and even that is shaky considering his injury history. Also, you'll have cap space next season. There's no point in loading down your team with a bunch of scrubs in return for Dwight. Plus, Magic are playing well right now, and with this condensed season, the likelihood of injuries crippling the better teams (i.e. Wade) make the Magic more of a contender than people realize, if they can stay healthy.
Eric5667::As long as the Magic keeps winning Dwight Howard will stay with Orlando, I think if the Magic wins the NBA championship this year I think he will stay with the Magic for a few more years.
bjoellevine::Agreed.  Do what you can to get either John Wall or Steve Nash.  Ryan Anderson and JJ Reddick's trade value will never be higher.  Stick a legit point guard on the team and Dwight will resign if they keep winning like this.    BTW, California has a 10% state income tax, and NY has a 9% state income tax (as well as higher sales taxes).  Florida has no state income tax.  That adds up to significant money on a contract.
openminded43::The Magic desperately need a LEGIT PG if they expect to go anywhere!!! And a backup Center!!! That CAN happen with the right trade!!!
CandySparker::D. Howard is Sunshine Superman.
Panthersboy2009::Jordan=worst owner ever  Kemba was the first draft he has got right ever!!  Taking Adam Morrison Sean may, Kwame Brown.. BOBCATS  we skipped over insane talent in the past. With good drafting it would look like this now STARTERS: PG - Raymond Felton SG - Brandon Roy SF - Gerald Wallace PF - David Lee C - Emeka Okafor  BENCH: PG - Mario Chamers SG - Raja Bell SF - Rudy Fernandez PF - Boris Diaw C - Brook Lopez
Panthersboy2009::http://bleacherreport.com/articles/733494-charlotte-bobcats-draft-history-ranking-their-biggest-mistakes-so-far/page/3
glennray90::Offer Howard a long term deal -THis team is good.
Yearofthefish::Why the hell does he want to leave? They're doing great!
DontDenyTruth::The Magic win a championship! Why?, because we have a complete team, not a bunch of All-Stars competing for the spot-light. I questions the scope of your basketball knowledge if you look at how this team plays, and say that they cant win. The Magic fight hard night-in and night-out, never laying down for any opponent , and have some of the best pure shooters in the game right now. So for you to make the bold statement that the Magic CAN'T win a championship is perplexing.
Magicmike321::Haters hate, its what they do.  This dude is talking out his a.r.s.e to get a rise.  Best just to ignore the slow kids
hulKKNUPE::It's a good team but this team can't win a championship.
hulKKNUPE::Seriously? So that Dallas team is just as talented as this current Magic team? Wow. I know you want to wish for the best for your team but lets be honest. No way can this team beat the Bulls 4 times &amp; esp. the Heat.
Magicmike321::I hate it when people say that...  That is what people said about Dallas, how did that work out?  Every team has a chance from season to season, and as long as we have D12 we have a chance
ScootFL::Wasn't Turkoglu Mr. 4th Quarter for the Magic some years ago in his previous tenure with the team?  How is he scoring points in the 4th unconventional?  I'd say it is Heido finally doing what he was brought back to Orlando to do.
DirkNowitzki4President::Dwight Howard is going to look very good in Mavs uniform next season  The 3 D's  Dirk, Dwight, and DWILL   GO MAVS
WOW THE CLIPPERS ARE HORRIBLE AND GETTING SHAT ON::"Dwight Howard is going to look very good in Mavs uniform"  LOL @ YOU, F A G
ScootFL::Strange, I can't imagine Superman having anything to do with Texas unless it is to fix what's going wrong off the court.  I think there are plenty of innocent prisoners in your jails put in there by corrupt cops, attorneys, and judges that need saving before Dwight even steps foot in a Dallas uniform.  Of course I can't talk much as a Floridian, we have Lord Voldemort as our governor.
clint_moreno@yahoo.com::can't play with just 3 guys suited up. would have to gut your whole team to make that happen. and unlike Miami, the guys you are bringing in aren't gonna take paycuts. i do think Mavs get DWill though in offseason.
DirkNowitzki4President::Yea pretty much everyone on the Mavs roster will be cut except for Dirk. I think if DWILL takes a paycut then Howard will do it also since now all they want to do is win a title because they've made enough cash throughout their career. Dallas is a big market also and Howard will be able to get many endorsements. Mark Cuban being the owner helps also.
amyredden1::HEY WHERE SHOULD I COMMIT, UNC OR OHIO STATE???  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfVxUn1qC9k
amads138::magic going all the way, with or without dwight.
WatkinsUSMC::IF Clippers get Howard.... which will prolly happen... they said no to griffin and paul... so...... I'm trying to find out who they would trade for... has to be a three-four team deall.......
clint_moreno@yahoo.com::Otis has made some dumb moves in the past, but no way he trades D12 to the Clipps without either Griffin or Paul in the deal. don't understand how these teams that want a top 5 player and best C in the game think they can just give Orlando their garbage players for him. if this remains the case, then th Magic should just keep Dwight for the season. if he leaves than just go out with the money you were going to pay him and pick up some free agents.
WatkinsUSMC::magic played like crap tonight.... hopefully tomorrow and friday they play better.... two bigggggg games coming up...
theprodctz::Took the night off against a sh*t opponent and still won. Wouldn't be too worried about the performance tonight.  Love our chances against the Spurs tomorrow
WatkinsUSMC::Wafer looked great.... has a lot of energy and hes athletic..... Doin better than nelson... Hedo looked good though...
DTangMF::cut down the careless turnovers, we'll be fine.
volcanicmax_007::if orlando beats san antonio tomorrow and  the lakers friday i know dwight will not leave! GO MAGIIC!
clint_moreno@yahoo.com::no way they trade him before the All-Star break in O-Town. not happening.
WatkinsUSMC::I wish.... Its dumb but... he will still go... I just hate reading about it... They need to hurry up and do it and get it over with... its like they wanna sell the seats up until the march15th deadline
DaBostonStrangler10::Every time I look at the Magic's box score, Howard has at least 15 boards (key words: AT LEAST). Jesus is this a flashback to the 60's or something?
futureneck::please dont even say that.  im a long time magic fan and watched a lot of both players.  Shaq could def make those jumpers with the lakers, and he was also an excellent passer. that is something dwight is getting better at but not yet at the shaq level.  if you look at all the TOs dwight has it is bc he cant really pass of of the double teams that well.  He gets stuck offensively bc he doesnt recognize the dt coming and doesnt react quickly enough to get his shooters their shots.  he is a beast on defense but offensively he is not yet on shaq's lvl.
Eric5667::DH12 is so much better than Shaq was this past decade, DH12 can actually shoot and make a basket from 8-10 feet out Shaq never could do that.
hyperk1d::That's cause no one else was consistent on offense last year.
MagicBoltzRays::he is focusing on defense a lot more this year. he tried to do to much on offense last year, and his defense suffered.
DaBostonStrangler10::He's such a freak of nature. Second best center of this era behind Shaq.
MagicBoltzRays::Ugly game for sure. but a win is a win Three Stars: 1. Howard 2. Wafer 3. Hedo
WRONGonRED::i would put hedo above wafer but yup
openminded43::Spurs playing DEAD resting their starters tonight....... B-STARDS!!!
GOGETTA10MIL::HARD TO BELIEVE HE'D WANT TO LEAVE A TEAM THATS TOP  IN THE LEAGUE
futureneck::magic havent even offered the guy max money and years.  Otis needs to put that deal on the table and see what happens.
gumbyr2424::Dwight only cares about being in a big market.. Its all about the money. Orlando has been one of the better teams in the league for a while now, but Dwight doesn't care about that.
vitrylo::You do realize that players earn money not only from salary in team, right?
grandmaster297::You do realize he'll get a better contract staying in Orlando, right?
alessi14::how the $@%! do they score 1 point with no time left to screw up my tease ?????????? gamecast sucks !!!!!!!
GOGETTA10MIL::HELLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Masta_Da Magician::Bulls blowing the Suns out without Rose...Suns need to trade Nash.... They suck..  Just give Nash to us and let him try to win a title.
Bro-kowski::Why does Howard want to leave? This team is playing well.
hulKKNUPE::Yea but it's not good enough to win a championship. I think its safe to say we ALL know that.
gumbyr2424::Sure but its not like they are far off.. their a hell of a lot closer then Jersey.
hulKKNUPE::No FT attempts by one of the best free-throw shooters in the league. I hope Stan &amp; Otis slap the $@%! outta him &amp; make him do better.
openminded43::LAZY game by the Magic, put it on in the 4th qtr!!!
fatleg28::Well a win is a win. Good game bobcats fans if there are any here.......Ready for tomorrow to see if we can win 3 games in 3 days. See you magic fans tomorrow night and be ready for the Spurs. BLUE AND WHITE IGNITE
pelyplonkre::good game to yall to
Kjordan308::Good win for the magic... but they need to come out the gate much stronger and faster
brohani::goal is to see gerald, dj, kemba, and bismack every game improve. get a top 5 pick and fill in the holes. the young core is not bad just need experience and a tough coach
theprodctz::Look at Jameer laughing lol
Masta_Da Magician::Well it was tougher than expected but a win is a win.. 10-3 baby!!!  Go get some sleep Magic and get ready for the Spurs tomorrow.
theprodctz::DA MAGIC IS GOIN 63-3!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Chris72077::Glad to see biyombo get some playing time and putting up SOME stats. Hopefully henderson can keep  scoring 20+ and I like that kemba is getting 30+ minutes a game now. Hopefully we can start winning some games latter on in the year. We shall see.
Masta_Da Magician::Blax is at the game so I'll do the 3 stars.  1.Dwight 2.Hedo 3.Wafer  Honorable mention to Jameer..He played decent tonight.
tampasportsrule::Well only a borderline psychotic would have thought that this highschool team from Charlotte would be able to win tonight. Oh well. Next.
Magicmike321::Done and done!  Ugly but good win for the magic!!  Bring on the spurs!!!
theprodctz::&gt;tamponsportsrule
wwsi pprofit::FADE
theprodctz::Never a foul... the clock should have run down at least 5 more secs
JFox 44::any more predictions to get wrong tampa?
JFox 44::haha yeah just like henderson went 3-3 on the line after that foul
theprodctz::The Sacramento Kings will win the NBA title this season. NEXT.
theprodctz::Cats fans, don't worry, your team is going to represent the East in the finals this year. I've got this. NEXT.
Domowild::any other jokes ?
tampasportsrule::I got the Heat WINNING tonight.
JFox 44::since i dont like the heat i am glad you made this prediction
Magicmike321::Sucks for the Heat, since you are always wrong
wwsi pprofit::JORDAN BEST BALL PLAYER IN BASKETBALL BUT YOU FAIL AS AN OWNER JUST AS YOU DID AS A BASEBALL PLAYER
Chris72077::dude it is a rebuild, we are suppose to suck so we can draft awesome players
Masta_Da Magician::Clownonfire you really are pathetic.
theprodctz::eeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
neymar079::f u anderson money eating biaccchhhh you played like $@%!
Magicmike321::Where you at Tampa??  Nice call.  LMAO
tampasportsrule::90-85 dude. Next.
Magicmike321::Sorry, what was that?  ROFL!!!  You Fail!!
tampasportsrule::90-84..next.
Masta_Da Magician::wrong
tampasportsrule::It is now a 4 point game folks..90-86..next.
JFox 44::6 points you were close though
Talentsojhin::Bobcats want to be competitive while tanking ;p
Masta_Da Magician::WRONG
Masta_Da Magician::WTF..Heat are on a 23-1 run...Spurs might not be so tough after all.
JFox 44::29-7 in the second quarter....thats awful
theprodctz::That's actually good for us, Spurs might come into tomorrow night's game still shell-shocked
tampasportsrule::Folks this game is FAR FROM OVER. The Cats have 9 lives. They are still purring out there. They are still alive. Next.
CosmoKramer1444::Start Bismack. He's the only player on the team that can protect the rim
jf96avs::yup , just like last f*cking time, just decide to pull away at the end, why can't they just play a whole f*cking game, f*ck you Orlando Magic,
Iman Shumpert::don't let augustin touch the ball in the 4th.
theprodctz::says Iman Shumpert???
Iman Shumpert::kemba is way better
Iman Shumpert::yeah..
