phunky58::see what happens when drew is healthy and gets mins.    he is  by far the most efficient scorer on this squad.  its been months since he shot unda 50%.  and usually his % has been way above 50%   .    pure scorer
TheBrownestBob::Marcus Smart, Nikola Vucevic, and Tobias Harris is actually a pretty nice core group to build around.  While Vucevic will never be a big time shot-blocker, he will never distort your offense or defense.  Marcus Smart should be able to slow down any PG he plays against by year 2, if not in his first year.  I would try to trade Moe Harkless to get extra draft picks.  Either his or Harris's minutes will likely go down when Afflalo is back next year and SF is one of the weakest positions in the NBA while the Magic hold onto two starting-caliber players.
TampaBayVol::Dr Baseball is sheerly an idiot.  Orlando's organization/fans are above bandwagoning, switching over, or insulting other fan bases when we're already bad.  The Orlando organization is simply more classy and above Washington and you, more importantly.  Good day and good luck growing up.
IversonDaGreatest3::The Magic have very loyal fans...
Dog Strikes Again Woof::The wizards have a bright future it looks like john wall has turned the corner another good game  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1MOoOT7SX4g
its1929again::I thought Wizards fans said they were good after beating the Grizzlies the other day.. WTF happened?
itsover2222::john wall thinks hes monta ellis now
Elton7323::guys i think we should draft trey Burke instead of smart that kid is so clutch and his potential is amazing.
trizzo23::cant take another short point guard that plays hero ball and no defense ...just cant
OPENLYUGLY::With ALL the LOTTERY PICKS the Wizards have sucked up the last 6 or so years, you'd think they have an ALL STAR TEAM by now.
waterdrinker969::That's what happens when your GM is Ernie Grunfeld. How the hell he's still here...I couldn't tell you.
vitrylo::Wiz start their rebuild from -1(pick that goes to Rubio) Look what Magic allredy have
dr baseball1::Going to happen to the Magics too sadly. They are blind just like Wizard and Timberwolve fans have been
OPENLYUGLY::In two years they'll be contending. Get a PG to go with this young talent and they'll take off.
OPENLYUGLY::double post
dr baseball1::Thoughts on Tony Romos new contract fellas?
its1929again::insanity
csmeech::Don't care. Go away
Navy Squid45::Dr baseball is steaming mad
.Booty Loaf::11-28 for wall not too shabby
Navy Squid45::Haters gunna hate Go Magic fo life
dr baseball1::Magic probably should of kept Redick. 3-18 without him lol
trizzo23::only 18 games all lost but 2 to playoff teams
.Booty Loaf::21 games!?!?!?! geez time flies by
Navy Squid45::Tobias Harris is better
OPENLYUGLY::Do YOU "watch" the NBA?
dr baseball1::Redick isn't good but hes better than Tobias sadly
OPENLYUGLY::ALL the Magic starters are OUT! The Wizards just lost to a bunch of 19-23 yo's!
chris johnson 558::u mad bro ?
dr baseball1::No I'm happy
OPENLYUGLY::Best thing that happened to the Magic was when Nelson went out.
dr baseball1::54 losses already lol
trizzo23::this yr and next...i hope so!!
chris johnson 558::top 3 picks arleady lol
dr baseball1::You'll be picking in the top 5 every year just like the timberwolves!! GET EXCITED YAYYYYYYYYYYYYY
dr baseball1::18 wins is nothing to be proud of. Sorry but that's awful. No excuses. Even the Wizards have 26 wins
csmeech::Not to mention they lost to a team that's tanking games. The wizards can't even beat teams that are trying to lose. That's sad.
OPENLYUGLY::Wizards just LOST to them if you RECALL.
Elton7323::19 wins genius
dr baseball1::omg happy happy happy 19 wins
dr baseball1::Magic are going to be boring to watch for a the next few years. I suggest bandwagon over to the HEats
trizzo23::these games are fun!
Navy Squid45::Magic fans aren't bandwagoners
OPENLYUGLY::BS! The Magic play with CLASS!
chris johnson 558::bandwagon should have start this year but magic fans are loyal idiot
chris johnson 558::we have a great coach despite all the injuries he competes
trizzo23::without 4 starters...
dr baseball1::Uh Magic just lost to the bobcats recently.
chris johnson 558::injuries and the celtics lost twice so ?
gmenfan4life72::The teams are bad.  Go Knicks!
Navy Squid45::Learn to spell
chris johnson 558::to be sweept by the heat
dr baseball1::Well Magic fans can dream right?
chris johnson 558::harris great scorer great rebounder good blocker .stealer good freethrow shooter ,,3point shooter ,a clutch player ,20 years old = future all star
dr baseball1::JJ redick belongs in the d league.
gmenfan4life72::how the $@%! do you not cover the over on this game.  Stupid teams score 104 in the first and 88 in the second.  $@%!$@%!
gmenfan4life72::ok. At least I won on the Louisville game.  Even steven then.
Real Deal Beal::why the fck do u bet on these games? idiot...and then you cry and complain like a pu.ssy? how about you man up.
Elton7323::dr baseball u making bucks fans look stupid
Navy Squid45::Go Magic!!!
dr baseball1::Harkless sucks too lol
ravenisthebest7::11/28 and 2 assists isn't fun to see.
Real Deal Beal::that's what happens when no one can make a shot...
chris johnson 558::" we will build our team around jj redick "   - bucks fans
cflip37::Dont think buck fans are happy with redick keeping them mediocre
dr baseball1::Redick sucks
chris johnson 558::but magic fans love him
Real Deal Beal::he's better than Jennings BY FAR
dr baseball1::Harris is a Wilson Chandler at best.
Real Deal Beal::for a bucks fan, you sure seem sad about losing Harris. Want a tissue?
TMarJaC::Try carmelo lite
dr baseball1::Lol Magic are going to have to pony up $$$ for Tobias harris the stiff volume shooter in 2 years
bronbronsdad::go play in traffic already
Mickdellahyjack::Wall : 11-28 and 2 turnovers down the stretch. Not good
TMarJaC::The kid is just 20 so idk what the big deal. The magic are in rebuild mode so defensive lapses are natural to young players
Elton7323::yay he might get his first 30 point game :)
S tu pi d bit ch as s n i gg a::<b></b>
Madden0012345::Did Jammer Nelsons injury look bad?
Real Deal Beal::sprained ankle
legend_jr27::Is this game over yet? I have Wiz -5.5 on the 2nd half.
legend_jr27::Thx. Covered by 1.5.
MagicBoltzRays::yes, this game is over. Magic win 97-92
MagicBoltzRays::0-4 in the playoffs. ouch. VVVVVVV
MagicBoltzRays::your post appeared before I hit reply to the guy below me.
legend_jr27::??????????
dr baseball1::18 wins lol.   3 wins 18 losses with Tobias harris lol
Elton7323::i was hoping harris would have a 30 point game always missing it by one or 2 points :(
dr baseball1::BUCKS &gt; MAGIC TRUE STORY.  MAGIC will suck for years
cflip37::Rather suck and collect top picks then be mediocre playoff cannon fodder for miami for years
Real Deal Beal::I disagree as a wiz fan. The bucks future isn't close to that of the young magic players.
Real Deal Beal::dr baseball1 - Sanders is easily better than any player on the Magic. Jennings is alright at PG.  Magic have a bunch of duds. 18 wins lol  jennings and his below 40% shooting is not good. Sanders is good yes and so is Henson. Ellis will be gone soon and so ilyasova is decent but not great. Vucevic however is just as good if not better than Sanders.
dr baseball1::Sanders is easily better than any player on the Magic. Jennings is alright at PG.  Magic have a bunch of duds. 18 wins lol
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::"Tobias sucks SOOOOOOOOOOOO bad, we're gona go check on him &amp; see how he's doing"   - Bucks fans
dr baseball1::Magic fans sure do like to check on how Redick is doing  Just sayin
Elton7323::of course but we dont troll ur team u seem like the only one doing it.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Why are there Bucks fans here if Tobias sucks so bad???
DeerandBeer3rdaccount::What the hell are you talking about.. Nobody said Tobes suck
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::There's like 1-2 Bucks fans who troll Magic boards daily &amp; bash him.  Figured you were one too.
Mickdellahyjack::Surely not even the Magic can lose it from here right ???
enceladusMonster::lets hope they do...washington is one of my fav teams :)
DeerandBeer3rdaccount::Still have my Tobes Bucks jersey:D.
Real Deal Beal::wow that was unfortunate
dr baseball1::Tobias is the stiffest player I've ever seen. This is probably why he sucks at defense.
Elton7323::11 reb's 3 stl's 3 block's keep making ur self look stupid.
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::That's what she said.....
Elton7323::lmao
Mickdellahyjack::They don't have a three shooter. They can't hit one let alone two.
Elton7323::and thats the ball game
Mickdellahyjack::Poor game from the Wiz. Everything on Wall. Terrible second quarter
Mickdellahyjack::Magic were depleted squad too and lost Nelson early
dr baseball1::Injuries killed the wizards . Happens
