conlevis2::Sixers need to pull the trigger the Iguodala for Monte Ellis deal.
The_Iron_Fist::Sixers are getting jobbed by the referees every. single. night. Iguodala's technical was totally worth it as they completely missed a double dribble by the Grizzlies.  Sixers drove and drove all night getting contact and no foul, yet Memphis went to the line over and over again. This Sixers team can't hope to compete with the elite until the refs start making foul calls when they're warranted. And Doug Collins doesn't want to get fined so he keeps dodging it in interviews after the games. It's so frustrating to watch as a fan of the team.
jpoc13::Elite teams win on the road  Phili is good just not elite yet
Griss13ears::Would you say you agree?
Travis Berger::agree
Travis Berger::agree
Travis Berger::agree
sportsguy702::Sports tips email me at dpwolf84@gmail.com
truesportfanman::The mustard's off the hot-dog.....where's moses malone when you need him?
bizzy9790::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5BTQGLf2dw
Blitzbolt::Great job by Grizz staying over .500 with no ZBO.  P.s Pargo needs to pick it up.
Snakes_::Sixers in free fall.
jcr54321::The 76ers scored 76 points... LOL
KingGeorge53::hater
thewolf1616::Ricky RUBIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
waldo3777::philly lost again nit a surprise they beat allot of crappy teams just cannot beat the good ones
rustyburg::Can we now stop pretending that there are "untouchables" on this Sixers team?  This is a very nice team, they're exceeding expectations, but as I've been saying all along...they're out in the second round and only if the first round match up is favorable.  I would still package Turner, Iggy, Jrue for Dwight Howard.
pappydiving222::Sixers need somebody to fire some serious points!  I'd like to see some more faith in Turner too.
Jhe1125::if zbo comes back healthy then we could make a run at the WCF
Quinney44::Sixers need to trade iggy wake the hell up 76ers management cmon!
ddolph2822::He's the most complete player the sixers have.
AIadvocate::How the hell is Iguodala on the all-star team, really?
pappydiving222::Yea, he totally doesn't play lockdown defense except pretty much every night...
Ultras South::Coaches right?
champion_134::who is longest tenured player on memphis?
bballboi33::Rudy Gay i think
BowFlexTCTGP::In the league.. ZBo.. With the grizzlies.. Rudy
BowFlexTCTGP::Hopefully Selby returns from the DLeauge with a big improvement to his game.. He could b something special for this team.. Him @ the 2 &amp; OJ @ the Point could be a nice backcourt combo off the pine!!
BowFlexTCTGP::They both r combo guards.. But OJ has done really well runnin point this season when asked to.. Better than any other back up PG we have.. I wouldnt mind havin him run point with Selby as his 2 when Conley &amp; Allen need a rest.. I just don't care for pargo all that much
Jhe1125::flip them around but yes i agree.  but for now pargo is doing just fine
super_lintendo_17::PHILLY COULD USE CARMELO, THEY NEED A SCORER BADLY
AIadvocate::Sixers need a player like Melo.  Iguodala/Lou/2nd rounder for Melo
rustyburg::Noooooo....not Carmelo!  My God!
super_lintendo_17::PHILLY ISNT GOING NOWHERE WITH THIS TEAM SO WHATS THE RISK
tennesseejam80::Carmelo's teams never win... everywhere he goes, the teams get worse.. You dont want him
super_lintendo_17::PHILLY DOESNT BEAT ANY GOOD TEAMS
trizzo23::magic were short 2 starters..and 6th game in 8 nights in 6 diff citys...but ok count them
Quinney44::So the Lakers, Bulls, Magic, Hawks arent good teams?
rustyburg::Yeah, that's a pretty stupid comment...hate reading people like Super, you know, the uneducated!
miketay19::Gay/ Z-bo/ Gasol at the 5 4 3.. thats better than most teams, Add a tony allen at his prime, mayo and speights off the bench with conly improving every game and thats a problem for every team. Memphis gonna surprise all u haters! Stay tuneeed
Memphis Grizzlies-::i didn't see the game but was Z-BO PLAYING ?
royboy1978::Z-Bo is still out.
utclindsay::Former Sun Devil leading leading the Grizz to victory!! How 'bout Lionel Hollins!! I wish he would send some luck to his alma mater!!
royboy1978::I know quiet a few people that went to Chatt.  Did you go there undergrad or grad and what year did you graduate?
royboy1978::You went to both Arizona State and UT Chatt????
utclindsay::yes
naptown1984::well pacers won and the 76ers well got schooled but you gotta hand it to them grizzlies there a good team and not alot of ppl give them credit good job grizz. oh and you know its badluck for the 76ers to score the same as there name ouch!!
Griss13ears::OJ looks like DJ Jazzy Jeff with that high top fade.
Griss13ears::teehee
royboy1978::I was thinking Bel Biv Devoe but Jazzy Jeff is close enough.
utclindsay::Would the Grizz make the playoffs if they started today?
naptown1984::oh and yeah i think at the end of this season the grizz will be 6 or 7 seed
naptown1984::yeah i bet that the spurs would loose tonight against portland. they better iam playing the streak for cash here on espn.
utclindsay::I am hoping they meet the Lakers. That would be a good match up for the Grizz.
Ultras South::Yes against the Spurs, but then again the Spurs haven't finished their game.
kahl1212::oh that game is over
Dominic10002::Small market teams don't get the respect that other teams receive. For example look at the Miami-Sacremento game compared to this game.
naptown1984::memphis yeah there fo sho just started off badly they will be a 6 or 7 seed
infamous122::only a real fan know how good memphis is
utclindsay::I think Memphis is the smallest market.
FlyGuys623::well at least boston and new york suck
royboy1978::Grizz, go into hibernation mode for the rest of the week.  Get plenty of rest and prep for the Mavs.
naptown1984::go mavs bby
royboy1978::NOPE!!!!!
keithwells44::the 6ers defense is still one of the leagues best.they just need a big man and a legit shooter
tommyb2k12::If anyone honestly thinks the sixers were really good, take a look at their schedule up to now, it was the easiest, and since the past 5 games or so, they've been losing, reality is setting in... So much for a surprise season and there goes AI's chances of DPOY, dwight howard 4 in a row?
Lordkrimson::3rd best in the east? is that an oxymoron?
infamous122::they are good but not the 3rd best team in the east like most people are saying
Doggrell13::the 6ers are good. shut up. they've won a bunch of good games. and anyways, as a grizz fan, beating a good 76ers team is better than beating a bad 76ers team.
infamous122::most have been at home and really? the lakers, hawks, and rose-less bulls  play them healthy and they would lose
FlyGuys623::they have beaten the bulls, hawks twice, orlando, indiana and the lakers. also two of their starters are out
keithwells44::90% of the 6ers are kids....they dont have those big names like most teams.Brand is the biggest name on the team and hes old and washed up..still they play tough most nights....but they are a year or 2  and a big name from going anywhere
keithwells44::yea...some nights they look great and then tonight
FlyGuys623::they are definitely missing hawes and brand
FlyGuys623::i think something like 3/4 of their team is under 24
tcarre01::Embarrassing...where did this team's heart go
joshuaizme::76ers are still young. I think the Knicks will catch them, but not the Celtics.
Ultras South::Knicks are a 6 seed at best. So no.
Griss13ears::GnG all night!! Keep us alive till Z-Bo gets back.
FlyGuys623::the phillies and allstar break can not come soon enough
jank6708::nice 10 pt first quarter 76ers!
showa_1::Sixers have not shot well in the last ten games.
Dominic10002::Grizz win!!! I knew they could do it. Anyone know when Z-bo comes back?
Benjamayne::first week of march i believe
utclindsay::A few weeks I think
infamous122::2 or 3 weeks
infamous122::can make it to the 2nd round and a chance of west finals or finals
Dominic10002::When he does come back, the rest of the season will be more interesting
Benjamayne::i get the feeling that the sacramento kings would be 20-13 if they played in the east...
tommyb2k12::lolol
Ultras South::And then you woke up?
FlyGuys623::i get the feeling your wrong
picaac15::Rather be hot entering the playoffs, then the beginning
showa_1::they probably will fall to the sixth or seventh in the conference at best
jank6708::76ers are really bad, nice performance!
thewolf1616::When its all said and over....RUBIO will be holding the trophy
Griss13ears::I liked cause it made me giggle.
FlyGuys623::lol peace bro
thewolf1616::later
picaac15::Reasons for loss: 1) Get the $@%! back Hawes 2)Nocioni touched the ball 3) Lou missed every shot
FlyGuys623::the phillies cant come soon enough
K-Dawg510::rudy will never win a ring nor will grizzlies ever get to the finals lmao #FACT
royboy1978::STOP HATING YOU FOOL!!!!!!!!
Fellas2377::Fixed Game.
Ultras South::Well Memphis at home is never easy, so not too surprising a result. Both teams can be contenders though.
showa_1::Lets face it. Sixers aren't that good.
royboy1978::Good effort Philly.
