woodrow1950::Sorry Portland no playoffs this year
conlevis::how in the hell does Washington score 124 points?
tulei_yano::Blatche is like asparagus. it's good with a lot of things, but it makes the wiz stink.
Paul96857::The Wiiizzzzaaaarrrddddsss: Yeah it was back when Ricky Nattiel played over there. Lin was there too. http://bit.ly/xGmF3d
jordan6747::Kevin Durant would be looking good right about now in Portland
boo_that_man::dont worry, the wizards will go back to doo doo status when blatche comes back.\
jfratzke::Batum started in place of Wesley Mathews, not Raymond Felton as you guys stated in the story.  What?  So focused on Linsanity that we can't get the other storylines right?  Who is editing over there?
boo_that_man::i wouldnt put it past espn
Mattnimp14::WOW, the wizards have won two games in a row now and on the ROAD but that streak might come to an end when they face the Clippers but it should be a very entertaining game.  I just hope Javale Mcgee dominates DeAndre Jordan cause he's some duck.
SkinsBills8891::love the way my wiz have been playin lately.  finally i can watch a game without cursing every 3 secs
Man From UNC::Nolan Smith was a waste of a good draft pick....thought he played good defense at Duke ? all he does is play the passing lanes.....
jhbyrnes::wizards making a late playoff push
Man From UNC::LOL...now that's funny ....
bellser21::Finally a hoop game with some offensive showcasing.  Not many missed free throws and overall decent shooting.
58rhodes::No Defense though
58rhodes::Portland has sunk to a new depth. Great D tonight --LOL
milw-jay::Losing to the Wizards at home is a firable offense for whoever the Portland coach is.
terrapin3dixon::Whoever the Portland coach is? What a f'ng idiot..
James23743::i guess it shoulda been wiz -14.5
masala716::only a $@%!$@% like roymullins would say Crawford is our second best player.
Chickendoodle444::WIzards!!
roymullins::.  There is magic in this town imagine if we had a head office with a good head on there shoulders -------------------------  Magic? In Psuckland? the little one-team town? magic MLB... magic NFL... magic NHL- even though you built a multi-purpose facility to draw the NHL- how did that work out? how about your Magic Mayor and his pursuit of young men...? MAgic huh? heck of a place that Portland is- just don't let anyone know that you might be anything other than a radical left-wing wacko- otherwise you will be magically castigated as a rascist or a homophobe... oh Magical Portscum- the wanna-be west coast city that no one cares about about- or even realizes exists... the want so bad to be relevant and to be something... yet they are a backwater little cr @ p hole that barely is noticed by the rest of the region and country... magical indeed...
bojo87::dude you hav some serious problems... really if you hate a city and its inhabitants that much, why do you constantly follow the blzers and poke holes in them when you get the chance...
masala716::roydumbass is back! how have you been $@%!$@?
sportsforlife234::dude your a mariners fan... that is something to be embarrased of lol.
Kobelies247::Steve nash in portland would be interesting....
eazyt_971::Anybody know the status of Aldridge for tomorrows game? It probably won't matter because the warriors always shoot the lights out against us in Oakland.
Kobelies247::Hes out
afronius7::He's out. Not traveling with team. Should be back on Thursday tho.
58rhodes::The team shouldnt travel with the team.
mtahokie11::Ive got it. Blatche for Felton Straight deal.
mtahokie11::sam cassell?
afronius7::Haha no I don't want Guppy! Maybe get a three way trade going if your team gets involved.
afronius7::We need a point guard tho.
PacTenJunkie::Raymond Felton, last year with NY: 17.1 ppg, 9.0 apg, 42% fgp  Raymond Felton, this year with PTB: 10.5 ppg, 6.5 apg, 37% fgp  He is 27 years old.
vanillagorilla86::yeah when we got him i was excited looking at his numbers what the $@%! happended
mtahokie11::people seem to die when they come to my Wiz as well :/
Kobelies247::Portland could lose the next 7 games!   Expect the sellout streak to come to an end here VERY SOON!  Gratz blazer fans, YOU EARNED IT!
vanillagorilla86::they won't lose 7 in a row that is crazy
Kobelies247::Never say cant :)
afronius7::They'll win 3 or 4. They can't lose all 7.
Kobelies247::have you seen the next 7 games?
Kobelies247::Ill be 100 lvl cheering on GS!!!  :)
afronius7::Lucky! I want to go to a GS game sometime. I went to a San Francisco Giants game this last summer, one of the best cities in the world.
Kobelies247::And i hate on the blazers for the same reason 90% of their fans are right now!
Kobelies247::Yes ill be there with my gf :)
afronius7::Quit pulling my chain are you going to the GS game tomorrow? And why hate Portland when you live here?
Kobelies247::Nahh i live in the west hills here in portland...
afronius7::Oh no way! GS is my second favorite team. You live in San Fran?
afronius7::OH MY GOSH YOU TOO! Are you and Roy Mullins related??
afronius7::I'm going to the Thursday night game. I had school today.
Kobelies247::Did you buy a ticket tonight? NO? Thats what i thought!
roymullins::http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/draft2007/index
vanillagorilla86::hey mullins you aren't even good at making fun of the blazers; 2000 wcfs game 7, rasheed wallace, jermaine o'neal, mike dunleavy, shawn kemp need i keep going the blazers make bad decisons in the head office all the time and yet they almost always have a winning team.  There is magic in this town imagine if we had a head office with a good head on there shoulders
vanillagorilla86::it's ok he already made his millions
vanillagorilla86::ha
PacTenJunkie::Damn... it's too bad about his knee, because basketball is about all that kid had going for him. Look at that face. Sh*t
roymullins::"Oden will bring championships"  Kevin Pritchard on draft day 2007
vanillagorilla86::In the end we still have infinitetely more victory's then someone who roots for no one
mtahokie11::amen
mtahokie11::WIZ&gt;Clippers tomorrow too
mtahokie11::kick them while they are down why don't you SMH
PacTenJunkie::Hell, we could trade for john wall haha
mtahokie11::and...throw in Matthews i guess
mtahokie11::250 am ET special for you: Javelle Mggee and Andre Blatche for some Oregon homegrown..straight up
mtahokie11::Matthews and LA?!
dcr21::Special deal just for you mtahokie11.....John Wall for Felton and the 10 year old kid that holds the water bottles, but you're still ahead in this deal.  Final offer.
mtahokie11::.....No
PacTenJunkie::Matthews and Felton
mtahokie11::who are you willing to trade? my people will talk to your people...
PacTenJunkie::Package Felton and Wallace, start talking to Boston... Rondo a possibility?
mtahokie11::wtf happened to him??? couple years ago def. a top 10 PG on denver
PacTenJunkie::I know this would never happen; I'm just trying to think up some dramatic changes for Portland that might spark something. Obviously Howard would be nice, but we'd have to give them LA
vanillagorilla86::he is the worst starting pg in the league for the money he is payed
afronius7::The thing tho is that nobody wants Felton after the way he is playing right now. Almost worthless.
roymullins::Rondo is a top 5 PG- it would take a hell of a lot more than that to get him...
vanillagorilla86::i agree with you here...but I still hate you for not having a team.
PacTenJunkie::^^^I don't know man... that might help the Celtics. Grab a few role players, make another run or two before they have to start fresh.
mtahokie11::Not a Blazers fan but when I look at your team you have a solid core with LA, Wallace and  Matthews (love his game)
roymullins::why would Boston do this?
vanillagorilla86::not to mention we would have no depth at all at the big positons
vanillagorilla86::they wouldn't
vanillagorilla86::they are trying to get rid of their old players not their young ones. but that would be nice
afronius7::I'd do it, even tho GW is my favorite player.
roymullins::I actually hope Port. makes the playoffs- an 8th straight first round loss would be fitting...
eazyt_971::Our next home game is against the clippers so expect roymullins to be lighting up this board for that one.
eazyt_971::Actually I've seen roymullins OregonLive account. He is a major L.A clipper fan
afronius7::Blake Griffin, Kenyon Martin, and Chris Paul are babies.
dcr21::Oh yeah I forgot, all the Laker fans traded in their jerseys for Clippers gear.  Most bandwagon city in the league.
afronius7::I have a reason to not like the Clippers. See all players on that team.
roymullins::whoever is playing Portscum...
dcr21::He's gotta be a Laker fan.  There is no lower life form in pro sports than those who wear the purple and gold.
afronius7::My gosh that's the lamest excuse I've ever heard. That's almost like rooting against Jeremy Lin and Tim Tebow.
vanillagorilla86::so basically you are $@%!
mtahokie11::Mullins who the hell is your team?
mtahokie11::lol why does this guy hate on yall's Blazers so bad??
afronius7::The fact that you pick on the Blazers just shows how much of a $@%!$ you are.
vanillagorilla86::i'd take it over not making them at all like i assume your team is gong to because you refuse to say who you root for.  You must be embarrassed.
roymullins::Oden is not just the biggest bust in NBA history but the biggest in all of pro sports!
Man From UNC::Sam Bowie is still much worse than Greg Oden........
eazyt_971::Um Ryan Leaf had absolutely zero moments in the NFL. You must be a chargers fan too.
iamaward2::jamarcus russell...
roymullins::Leaf at least played- and had some moments-  Leaf wasn't the first overall pick AND no one every said "Leaf will bring championships"  The Portland GM actually did say, "Oden will bring championships"
PacTenJunkie::^Word
vanillagorilla86::I think bowie over jordan is still worse until durant wins 6 titles
PacTenJunkie::Ryan Leaf
roymullins::Greg comes back and is good  ------------------ A PORTLAND FAN THAT STILL THINKS ODEN CAN PLAY!
Man From UNC::The Sam Bowie curse remains.....
PacTenJunkie::Imagine Durant playing with LA... who knows, KD takes some pressure off Roy and he doesn't get hurt. What a sick team that would be.
mtahokie11::Greg Oden's story is an anti-depressant
roymullins::We're only 29 games into the season. There is no reason to count the Blazers or any other top 10 team in the west. The west is wide open and if the Mavs can win the finals last year, than I have no doubt in my mind that the Blazers can make a run like them this year.  --------------------- uh... the season is only 66 games- you are almost 1/2 way done- at this point you are what you are... to think that Portland is going to all of a sudden catch fire and become a team that can avoid what they did tonight and start winning road games is silly...
vanillagorilla86::still don't know who you root for
afronius7::Memphis Grizzlies went on a huge run after the all star break last year so I do not see your point. They were the 8 seed last season and beat the 1 seed Spurs. Any team in the west can make a run if they make the playoffs and get a good matchup.
johnnychimpoo::we are a game away form 500, but started the season 7-2. I don't think we will be getting any better ---------------------------- This mean in the last 20 games Portland in 8-12, not an upward trend
johnnychimpoo::agreed, we are a game away form 500, but started the season 7-2. I don't think we will be getting any better
vanillagorilla86::you know tonight was a home game right?
mtahokie11::How is it Nate's fault that you guys lost tonight????
PacTenJunkie::Go wizards! what is that, 7 wins? Watch as DC throws a party after their team hits ten wins in March.
mtahokie11::7 wins and 124 points tonight in the garden hahaha
mtahokie11::As a dedicated Wiz fan...LOL nick young went 7-8 from three John Wall was hitting Jumpers...I mean we played the best game we could have...
mtahokie11::Would love to know... you guys have more talent, we're at home, -15 point favorites...Wizards shot the ball 60% sometimes it's the other teams night.. Portland played like they could just show up and win...Not against THE MIGHTY WIZARDS! John Wall&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
mtahokie11::ugh i know oh well..the new ones couldnt have been worse than those ugly $@% ones from last year..
afronius7::You should bring that back after changing to the retro colors. Those were sweet.
mtahokie11:::( I wish we were still the bullets........
afronius7::Mighty Wizards sounds like something from the Magic card games or Pokemon.
PacTenJunkie::This is a classic case of overanalyzation. If the Wizards don't decide to shoot 60% tonight, the Blazers leave the court at 16-13. Let's all calm down and see what happens with LA.
vanillagorilla86::124 at home REALLY!
vanillagorilla86::he is supposed to be a defensive coach
afronius7::Wizards also shot 60% how can you put the blame on the coach for that?
johnnychimpoo::he was the one that injured LA
PacTenJunkie::Thank you... preach it.
EnricoMeli::When will they fire Nate? The most overrated coach and overpaid coach in the NBA
PacTenJunkie::Not a chance. Eric Spoelstra is the most overrated. Nate does a good job. He has been unlucky.
afronius7::I wouldn't go so far to say that. Plenty of other coaches who don't even deserve to be an assistant coach in this league. Most of blame has to go on the players.
roymullins::Pryzsucka isn't so sucka when you consider that the last time he was healthy the blazers had 54 wins --------------  so re-sign him...   by the way- that yr. you won 54 games- you lost in the first round yet again...
vanillagorilla86::only if felton and matthews go from mediocre to solid starters who can hit jumpers.  felton kills us on a nightly basis if we had a solid starting point our problems would be solved
afronius7::Yep i completely agree. We just haven't made shots and we get beat down on the other end of the floor.
afronius7::We're only 29 games into the season. There is no reason to count the Blazers or any other top 10 team in the west. The west is wide open and if the Mavs can win the finals last year, than I have no doubt in my mind that the Blazers can make a run like them this year.
afronius7::roymullins is so cool....  when i grow up i want to hate the blazers just like him....
vanillagorilla86::so who is your team? how great are they?
PacTenJunkie::Next six opponents for Portland:  -Warriors -Clips -Hawks -Lakers -Spurs -Nuggets -Heat  Get ready boys... it may be ugly if LA doesn't get healthy.
t_ripley::only two possible games i see them winning without LA...hawks and warriors
roymullins::I see 6 losses...
johnnychimpoo::Good this will be a good wake up call for us. I think if we get shut down this season and not make the playoffs then it will make the owners look harder into changing organization, hopefully nate. and it would help to have a gm
PacTenJunkie::seven*
roymullins::I would hardly say they are pathetic they have made the playoffs like 22 times in the last 25 years but they do need help.  I think they have the talent.  Hubie Brown, Jerry Sloan, Mike Dunleavy anybody to get this team excited.  --------------------------------------------------- and lost an NBA record 7 consecutive times in the forst round...  pathetic...
roymullins::wow! western conference finals! that is something to throw a parade about! big deal... no body cares who loses in the finals or conf. finals...
vanillagorilla86::uh how any teams even get into the playoffs 7 years in a row, the blazers did it 19 straight 2 finals 3 wcf how many for denver again?
vanillagorilla86::4 wcf's
roymullins::Denver shouldn't be on that list. That's one damn good team.  ----------------------------------------- with a solid front office and a hell of a coach...   Portland can't compete...
roymullins::Denver is a pretty good team with a solid coaching staff and front office- Portland is a mess...
dcr21::Yeah well, can't argue with that.
PacTenJunkie::He means in the long run. We can match up with them, but they will be more successful on the season and on the road.
dcr21::Can't compete?  We beat them by 20 in the regular season and by 9 in preseason.  That's 2-0 vs Denver.  Not following your logic here....
PacTenJunkie::We need a GM and some luck. Injuries and poor investments are killing us.
roymullins::Sloan, Dunleavy, Dwayne Casey, whoever else is out there- none of these guys are dumb enough to take this job- knowing that they will be gone as soon as a GM is hired-
PacTenJunkie::Crawford takes bad shots. I'd rather have Wesley shooting. And Batum is above average. That kid is a beast... we better hold onto him.
johnnychimpoo::i would make a bid that the some of the rest are decent role players, and a big if, Greg comes back and is good(BIG IF), then we wouldn't be in a terrible situation. but we would need a new coach. The sad fact of this season is we started 7-2 and since then haven't won 3 in a row, and now pretty much lose every other game.
roymullins::If Wallace is your toughest player- you are screwed...
roymullins::wher is Pryzsucka now?
mtahokie11::Wallace is your toughest player. Like the Wiz used to have with Caron Butler. Why would you trade your toughest, grimiest player?? Crawford (Jamal) looked awful and slow tonight to me..
vanillagorilla86::Pryzsucka isn't so sucka when you consider that the last time he was healthy the blazers had 54 wins
roymullins::wallace is inconsistent and unreliable- why do you think he was traded for Pryzsucka?
vanillagorilla86::wallace
roymullins::nope- Aldridge, Crawford and... ?? the rest are mediocre NBA talent...
vanillagorilla86::that wouldn't be true if they were successful.  This team has talent.
mtahokie11::Just draft the next Sam Bowie Portland...
pdxrovermech::too bad we're always making the playoffs 20 out of 21 seasons otherwise we would.i think nate is on his way out.. he'll be coaching the heat next year if spolstra doesnt come through.
mtahokie11::It's always sunny in Portland
vanillagorilla86::uh we already did
roymullins::Portland is screwed- the lack of a GM is a bigger deal than most think- if you continue to suck- something has to give- that is probably the coach- but who is going to come in and coach a team with no GM? you won't get anyone who is any good- the GM must come first- any coach with a clue won't take this job because they know that once the hire a GM- that guy will want his own guy... firing Cho is fine but they HAD to get a replacement- until they do they will be in a constant state of turmoil- something is seriously wrong w/ Portland's front office- otherwise they would have hired a GM by now...
dcr21::Pritchard and Cho were both great GM's, but Paul Allen can't put his fking ego aside in the interest of the team and we all have to suffer for it.  All we can do is hope that he sells.  Soon.
roymullins::Buchanan is interim- even the team says so- if he is the answer then just hire him and call it good... but nooooooooooo... again... something is terribly wrong with this pathetic franchise...
eazyt_971::Their GM is named Chad Buchannan
roymullins::Port. has the 24th best road record in the league...  teams with better road record? Toronto, New Jersey Milwaukee, Golden St. Cleveland, Indiana, Philly, Denver...  ouch...
PacTenJunkie::Denver shouldn't be on that list. That's one damn good team. But the blazers need to improve for sure.
vanillagorilla86::exactly they were 11-1 at home until the blown call against OKC and now they have 4 home loses and look like they are spinning out of control.
roymullins::the point is that Portland is not very good- good teams protect home court and win close to 1/2 thier road games- good teams might lose once in a while at home- especially if they have an injury to a key guy but they don't get blow out by poor teams...
vanillagorilla86::forget the road record we did have only one home loss and were 11-1 at home with only a loss to orlando.  Now a week later we have 4 home losses including tonights stomach churning defeat.  124 POINTS REALLY!
dcr21::Interesting stat...not sure why it's relevant since tonight's game was a home game, but okay......
vanillagorilla86::I hate to have to say this but it is time for the blazers to fire mcmillan
vanillagorilla86::I would hardly say they are pathetic they have made the playoffs like 22 times in the last 25 years but they do need help.  I think they have the talent.  Hubie Brown, Jerry Sloan, Mike Dunleavy anybody to get this team excited.
eazyt_971::Jerry Sloan is out there.
roymullins::and replace him with... ?  who would take it?  can't even hire a GM for this pathetic franchise...
johnnychimpoo::Mike Dunleavy. Lets do This!!!!!!
mtahokie11::WIZARDS!!!! oh yeah we took a poop on the blazers, smelled like roses!
eazyt_971::sure 05-08 was bad but it only took us 3 years to rebuild from a 21 win team to a 54 win team. When was the last time Washington won 54 games? The 1980's?
mtahokie11::I can't remember Portland being good since you guys used to smoke that good stuff before games
eazyt_971::I can't remember Washington being any good since they changed names.
eazyt_971::Not sure he threw them under the bus but we're not used to this kind of stuff unlike you guys. It's very frustrating
dcr21::Yeah, the Blazers (a group of athletes, none of which are actually FROM Portland) are a completely accurate microcosm of the actual city of Portland YOU FKING TOOL!  Holy F that public schooling system in DC really needs help!  At least the Blazers are actually relevant in the NBA, which is more than can be said for ANY professional sports team from DC.
mtahokie11::I dont live IN D.C....suburbs guy... and yeah the jailblazers are a perfect example of Portland not being infected with drug addicts...
eazyt_971::Atleast Portland isn't infested with HIV infected h.omos and drug addicts
mtahokie11::I dont live in DC you $@%!$@% idiot. OMG im attacking your CITY?!?!?! your a herb dude. And so is the entire Portland Blazers organization
dcr21::BUAHAHA now you're attacking the CITY of Portland?  YOU LIVE IN DC SON!  GTFO, BUD!  I've been to DC, BUD!  It's a sh1tthole!!
mtahokie11::no one cares about your rant about how stupid the city of Portland, Oregon is bud...because I think everyone here knows it
mtahokie11::LMAO. Damn I didn't know Portland fans were so sensitive. Go ahead never watch your blazers again like you claim...Go Wizards, Go Mavs too!
dcr21::LOL grow up?  Yes, my ranting is all because of tonight's loss moron.  It couldn't POSSIBLY have anything to do with the Sam Bowies, the Greg Odens, the Jail Blazers, first round playoff exits, years and years of following a team that either has the worst luck in the NBA or is just straight up cursed.  But you're right, I'm only mad about tonight's loss to the freaking Wizards you dipsh1tt.
mtahokie11::" I'm not watching for the rest of the season." :( cause you lost one $@%!$@% game? Grow up. And yes Portland is one hell of a franchise hahahahah, congrats on making the playoffs then getting beat the first round....hey wait the Wiz did this about 4 straight years 3 years ago too....
mtahokie11::I like our young team (without blatche) and well MgGee is an idiot but oh well he sure is entertaining to watch....
mtahokie11::I sir stick by my teams through thick (very thick) and thin...lol just got on though, best game I have seen the Wiz play in yearsss
dcr21::Then you of all people should know that as a fan, at times you must express your disgust at your team.  You do this by not attending games, or watching them.  Once local ratings/attendances fall, it lights a fire under the $@%!$ of the team staff.  I know I'm only one person, but I guarantee I'm not the only one in Portland who feels this way right now.  I'm still a fan, but things need to change, and the fans are the ones who have to send that message.
mtahokie11::actuually being from the D.C. area my whole life i root for the hometeam..and stick with them instead of throwing them under the bus like you did down there I see.
dcr21::Lies.  The Wizards don't REALLY have any fans.........I mean, right?
eazyt_971::Wow. An actual wizards fan? Where have you guys been?
eazyt_971::The wizards are a terrible offensive team. How do you let them come into your house and let them shoot 60%?
roymullins::how is this a surprise? Portland is a .500 team- they lose their best player early and expect to win? Name another .500/mediocre team who loses their best player and can still win?
dcr21::Uh, Batum?  Wallace (at home!)?
roymullins::nope- sorry- Portland has Aldridge and Crawford and that is it! And they are not all that special... they are just not that good...
dcr21::It's a surprise because it's THE WIZARDS.  Nate McMillan and Buck Williams could probably suit up and beat them just by themselves.  Portland has more than enough talent to wreck Washington even without LA.  I don't know what the problem is, but we could start by getting rid of Felton.  Personally, I'd trade him for a grape sno-cone.
CandySparker::Cheers Washington Winzards!
dcr21::Been a Blazer fan since I was 6.  Now I'm 30.  This straw just broke the camel's back for this season.  This should have been an easy win even without LA.  Congrats on the all-star berth LA, best of luck.  See ya next season, cause I'm done watching for this one.  Pathetic.
natesweet72::I could not watch the game but let me guess. The Blazers, including Batum did not start acting like they wanted to win until the second half. Seems like I have seen that story an awful lot this season.
eazyt_971::It was really never that close in the 2nd half. Wizards shot the lights out in the first half and shot even better in the 2nd half.
natesweet72::Happy Valentines Day Mullins. Have a Zima on me.
roymullins::Thanks Nate... I think I'll go with a bourbon instead however...
Jumane Redway::Really sad for the Blazers and their fans right now. I hope the injury to LA isn't serious. X-Rays are negative, so that's good.   I've said it here MANY times...the Blazers need a complete overhaul of their strength and conditioning program. They need to study what they're doing over there in PHX...PHX supposedly has the best conditioning staff in the league, and that's (silently) the reason Nash and GHill aren't in any hurry to leave there.
roymullins::Portland has been a far more successful franchise than the N.Y knicks. -------------------------- laughter ensues...
eazyt_971::There are alot of small market teams that have been more successful than the knicks. San Antonio,Phoenix,Utah,Portland,Seattle and Milwaukee are all in that category.
eazyt_971::If you knew anything about the NBA you would know that is a true statement.
