BHagerty::A team will never be considered good until it develops consistency!  The Bucks are one of the most inconsistent teams in the National Basketball Association.  They beat teams like the Chicago Bulls and the Miami Heat on the road and lose to the Cleveland Cavaliers and Detroit Pistons at home.
mr mellow::John has better players with him this year than any other since being drafted out of UK.  John is proving he has NBA leadership skills.  His jump shot appears to be better so I think it's this combination of things we are seeing that is contributing to their success.
Clarence2126::the pistons are 6-18 on the road and the wizards 4-21 and yet the does lost to both in back to back games, sheesh how f*uck*ing pathetic!
GeorgeTownDC29::Monte almost had a quad-double
Clarence2126::yippy
Hurricaneduane::Anyone know why T. Booker's riding the pine?
Clarence2126::here is where the milwaukee does tank their season, starting with embarrassing back to back teams that are two of the worst in the east and on the road. to lose games like this at home to sucky teams, the does should be truly embarrassed and ashamed! time to miss the playoffs yet again!
Real Deal Beal::The Wiz are no longer "embarrassing". If you still think they are, then you haven't been following basketball recently.
mudcreekmark::Wizards fans complain about Walls turnovers but if his turnovers are so bad why have you all all of a sudden started winning? John Wall. I'm a UK fan and his turnovers used to drive me crazy but you just have to live with it. He only knows one speed and I think if you try to change that you change him and I don't think he would be as effective. I think he will cut those down with some experience but you have to realize that he has been out a long time and still is just getting used to playing again. If he can stay around 4 or 5 turnovers a game you all will win alot of games next year.
Trogdor630::Rondo used to be (and still is to an extent) a turnover machine.  I'm not nearly as concerned about this TOs as some.  The offense runs through him on virtually every possession.  He's aggressive and he is always trying to make plays.  The volume of turnovers will decline as he matures, hopefully he can manage to slow his game down when the situation dictates it as well.  One thing is for sure, I'd rather have John Wall on the team than to not have him.
jwusrt11::i think if the wiz can get close say within 10 games of .500 gotta give some Coach of the year talk to Whitman
GeorgeTownDC29::No he is the reason they had a bad start
Real Deal Beal::I don't agree, it was more Wall and Nene's absence.
giguanarayg::GO GATORS! Beal gonna represent. We're looking at a future Ray Allen here.
Trogdor630::All this talk about Beal and Wall...did anybody watch the game?  Nene literally took the game over.  Dude is a stud when healthy.  One big plus from the Wiz these last few weeks is how well they are rebounding.  Nene and Okafor are doing such a great job rebounding on D, a huge plus for the Bullets and something they've lacked for quite some time now.
ahwilly42::The Wiz are on the rise for real.  I truly believe the Brad Beal will be a superstar in the league.  I am a lifelong Gator fan, and watching Beal play last year was great.  He never fully realized his potential (who does in just one year?) but near the end he started taking over games.  Wish he was still in orange and blue (Gators would be easily the best team in college basketball) but I'm glad he's starting to ball.
Ivanov21::Bucks need to get rid of Ellis or Jennings. A blind man (without offense) could tell that back-court wasn't going to work out in the long term - just too much shooting between the 2 players.
Devinhuelsmann::Bradley Beal is from my hometown of St. Louis and i watched him dominate the High school games and thought man, this guy is going straight to the league. He's come so far and to see him play to his full potential is just great. Funny story I was watching A game of Beal's against my school and he threw down the nastiest dunk on someone i've ever seen.
chandley08::That was a hilarious story.
Hines Ward Zombie::wizards are going ham right now, geez....
toshsghost::Like I said a week and a half ago.  The #8 seed is still within reach this year.  You don't think Wiz can pick up 10 games on the Bucks?  Before the break is even here yet?  Can't WIZ-AIT!!
The Joe Johnson::bucks moving to sacramento in 2017, you heard it here first.
CRobby221::Moving? Yes please take them.  But it wont be to Sacramento.
karelp::Jennings seriously needs to go to shooting camp.  Sub 40% for his career is just not acceptable.
ksmit111::He should rake a page from wall's playbook and dribble drive and if its not there kick it out.. wall's nit a great jump shooter either so he plays to his strengths
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Wall has been playing solid of late, avg close to a double double, leaving an assist or so out there.  Just needs to cut back on the TOs, but I love his PG style of play.. Hopefully Larry Sanders can come back soon for Milwaukee you can easily see the difference when hes gone, and the brick brothers going crazy.
Doctor Hook101::Two teams amid the sewage of the NBA. I understand. I am a Mariners fan. It sucks.
ksmit111::How about king felix's pay day?? Must be nice
DoctorHook66::Nice for him!
ksmit111::Happy birthday RG3 roy and future super bowl mvp!!!
Real Deal Beal::let's not go that far...the guy can't even walk atm....
big145fly::then again.. I could have qb'd in the nfc east this year. RG3 is a stud, and has all the potential in the world. but use a better metric haha
ksmit111::He won the nfc east with one leg.. i like his chances
Arigato Mr. Roboto::Soooooo Bucks=Sucks
paulleena64::Wow!  Bucks lost to Wizards.  Better get your act together.
ksmit111::Imagine this wizards team if they had drafted anyone besides vesely.. what a waste
airicad::Nene is healthy enough to do this now (and play 37 minutes): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vD3dhEwTzg
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::i just wanted to share the ball with everybody...  -John "Turnover-Machine" Wall
Clarence2126::if u think the does are a decent defensive team, u r doping!!!!!!!!
Real Deal Beal::john 10 assists in 32 mins wall
Real Deal Beal::LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden - 10/7 is a terrible ratio tho  ye but the guy has been pretty good in the TO column other than the past few games, and consider that the bucks are a decent defensive team
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::10/7 is a terrible ratio tho
knoxsouthy01::Wall is a great leader. It's fun witching him control the flow.
Real Deal Beal::Man I am good!
Mav8165::What a great comeback !! John Wall for Wizards !!
AeppsHT::I been telling ppl since the summertime when the Wizards got Nene and Ariza, they will be a playoff team with John Wall. Eighth spot here they come
stickyleaves::lol I said the same thing and told all my friends/family that Beal is for real and every game he struggled I had to reiterate he will be a great scorer with Wall able to create more  open shots. Next year, if everyone can stay healthy, I think we are a 5 seed in the east at worst. And with our horrible start, we will have a lottery pick(unless we make a run)
airicad::The Bucks and Sixers are not doing very well.  I wouldn't say the Wizards are completely out of the playoff hunt by any stretch.
Tricksta8822::Bucks starting to tank games this early. They want the lotto, not the 8th seed!
Brewcrewtilldeath20::ticket prices are about to go WAYY down :)
eLarry2001::How to figure this? Monta Ellis: 24 points, 8 assists, 7 rebounds, 6 steals, 1 block  in  43 minutes.  But ... +/- is ... -11. Wow - this stat don't work like hockey, do it?
Spinozzza::Typical casual fan looks at a 24 point total and assumes the guy had a good game, but if you look a bit closer you see he he was 9-for-21 from the field, not a very good percentage. This is normal for Ellis - one of the worst shooters in the NBA.  Actually, 9-for-21 (43%) is better than normal for Ellis.  This becomes a big problem when you play lousy defense and your opponents shoot 57%.
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::it works the same. the bucks were outscored by 11 when he was in the game.
theorangeturtle::me thinks you missed the point...
FaggenP636::I tell you what. I am eating crow. I thought this team was rubbish. Now, I am wondering how good it can be when healthy. They have beaten a slew of good teams. They are not their record. They are in the top half of the NBA now and all since Wall and Nene became healthy. Wow, I underestimated them.
GrizzCats::Is kinda scary. They are still a bit inconsistent, especially on the road, but maybe this latest win will turn the page on that as well...
MatthewCornwell::Keep jacking up those shots, Jennings and Ellis.  Are both under 40% now?
Brewcrewtilldeath20::Why didn't Jordan Crawford play?  I went to the game, and he had this i dont give a $@%! attitude on the bench lol
Brewcrewtilldeath20::The only thing he's known for is the makeout session with his wife/girl friend when he got drafted
Brewcrewtilldeath20::haha well he provided some comic relief.  I can't see the fun in cracking jokes with Jan Vesely.  For one the guy looks like a stiff, two he's terrible , and three probably hard to understand anyways
GrizzCats::Vesely has had one good game this year that I've seen - in the win vs. OKC (which happened without Wall). He might as well be planking when he's out there, but he made some big plays in the Thunder game. I've been to a couple other games where he either didn't play or looked like an idiot out there.
Brewcrewtilldeath20::it was hilarious at times.  He was cracking jokes with Jan Vesely, messing around with team mates, walking all over the place, looking at the dance team lol.  Is he in the dog house with the coaching staff of something?  Cause I thought he's a good player
GrizzCats::He can put up a lot of points in a hurry, but he can also make boneheaded decisions and is generally better as a complementary piece than a starter. He's good for short spurts, but apparently he's better at keeping guys loose on the bench. .Maybe that's where we need him...
GrizzCats::No surprises there. Most Wiz fans would rather he ride the pine these days. I don't dislike him, but he's not the guy you want out there making decisions, taking wild shots, etc...
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::i thought they were all teammates out there.  -j-wall
wilbursk8er::Good ol' Brandon Beal. Comon... in the opener? The dude deserves some respect, he't not Andray Baltche...
nelll504::*Just for fun*  If Wiz make a playoff run and get the 8 seed, is it more impressive than the Skins' run?
GrizzCats::I'd say more impressive. They'll probably need to win about 25 of their final 32, but can maybe get away with 2-3 more losses outta that, depends on how it shook out.
GrizzCats::I don't think it's impossible, but they can't really let up at all...no 2 or 3-game slides or that would pretty much spell the end of that. That said, no one should really think of a playoff run now until they manage to actually get within real striking distance. Enjoy it for now, we'll see where it goes, but either way the future looks good.
DoctorHook66::Clash of the Titans!!!
I TAKE TURDS BIGGER THAN YOU::Glad to see Jennings learning from that awful Detroit game. The Bucks should just blow up their team.
sweet_lew09::monta coulda had a quad dub LOL
CamOverRG3::Man Jennings is straight trash
YogaBeer::Wiz are PO bound in 2014.    This team looks scary good at times now that they're all healthy.   Prior to the season (I'm a Cavs fan, not a homer) I wrote the Wiz would be in the PO this season.   That's before all the injuries.  WTG WIZ.
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::actually... a cavs fan is always a homer
DX_Hoo::We might actually be a good team right now. I'm just going to savor that.  Go Wiz
-FEARTHEDEER-::Only player right now that shouldn't be on the trading block is larry.I'm fine with anyone else leaving for the right price.
Miami-Star1::Who should the wizards draft?
FaggenP636::At the way this team is playing, we'll get the 7 or 8 slot, may get lucky to advance. But I'll tell you what? Here's a name I'll throw out there. VICTOR OLADIPO. Yes, I am a Hoosier homer. But if the Wiz had him on that roster, they would be sick.
Real Deal Beal::VO is a beast, and I'll gladly admit that even though I hate the Hoosiers.
tizi6969::don't think we'll have a top 5 pick.... doubt a harrison barnes type falls to 9 or something
Shay Jacuzzi::Shabazz
YogaBeer::I agree with terpsbball.    He has talent, but I don't think he can guard NBA talent.
terpsbball10::SHABAZZ IS A SHOOTING GUARD, not a small forward. he can't guard 3's he's slow as ish
terpsbball10::Nerlens Noel, or Otto Porter
Scott Hannah::classic Bucks.....run up some wins....creep to 4  - 5 over 500.....oops.....time for our "funk".....time for the "does not make sense losses?. Be great or be bad.....these teams in the middle are mystifying. John Hammond....when Larry Sanders returns can you find a taker for Dalembert. This team has too many avg pieces to go with  its 3 or 4 legit ballers.....
Shay Jacuzzi::Imagine how the wizard will be when John wall develops a jumper, Beal becomes more aggressive and more experienced.  Draft a lottery pick (shabazz).  Playoffs!!
Shay Jacuzzi::He's 6'6" and has a big build body.  he has the body to guard small forwards
gt1master_ike::Shabazz is not the right fit on this wizards team. He would be better on a more established team with veterans where his scoring punch off the bench could help because that is the only way he helps a team(terrible playmaker). Maybe like the Bulls. Wizards are young enough as it is. They don't need this guy.  They need team first players, not me first players.
Real Deal Beal::shabazz is a jump shooter...nothing more. he is also bad blood, and the wiz don't need anymore of that. he might be a great steve novak type shooter, but nothing more.
gt1master_ike::Build? He is a gunner who does not defend. The Wizards are better off with Ariza and drafting another big man.
gt1master_ike::Shabazz plays the same position as Beal though. And he is like 6 5" so he can't really play the 3.  Kinda selfish too. The kid was mad after his teammate hit a GW shot because he didn't get the ball at the end. wizards don' need guys like that in the locker room.
terpsbball10::SHABAZZ IN AN NBA SHOOTING GUARD. is isn't athletic enough to guard 3's. simple.  wizards will not be drafting him
Same_Old_Jay::you have low standards.
terpsbball10::BRADLEY BEAL DOE!! future all star !
Same_Old_Jay::Pathetic performance yet again from the Bucks backcourt.
