Terry 1953::The Lakers are smoking Hot,
PaulBarbee::http://i.qkme.me/36d6h0.jpg
PaulBarbee::Kobe is such a girl. I can't wait until he blows his knees out...
PaulBarbee::http://www.hamperchronicles.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/sports-pictures-kobe-bryant-whining-babies1.jpg
PaulBarbee::That's what I read on google at least...
PaulBarbee::That is true but Kobe is pro baby killing...
wally7426::and your a D!ckhead!!!!!!!
LakersPacker::I wouldn't go so far as saying we're back, but at least the team is playing for a change and not quitting. MWP at pf, I wasn't sure he would work out... But it is looking good so far.
jmslivnik::"We're baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack"  -Lakers fans after wins over Wizards and mighty 76ers.
KingKobe5rings::Lakers &gt; Wizards &gt; Heat
Lakers Are Forever::Hey as of right now every team in the Leastern Conference is above .500 Hooraaay
Im Ignorant::i've never seen a team get so happy about winning 2 games in a row.
elibird54321::You must be ignorant. They have been on a losing streak winning against anyone is suppose to bring a bit of joy, good grief man.
kobepac24::Two in a row for the lakeshow. three in a row will match our season high.
LakersPacker::The Lakers don't celebrate season achievements. They don't celebrate a western conference championship. We only bring out the bubbly for THEE CHAMPIONSHIP!
ToniK24::Time to bust out the champagne!
mikeawesome09::im taking my bowling talents to colorado  - andrew bynum
ToniK24::Hey Bynum, you know what really stunted your development? Your bum knees and your immaturity. I'm sorry the Lakers didn't sacrifice titles so that you could develop your "game."
mikeawesome09::mvp= most violent person
mikeawesome09::dude..... mvp= most valuable player happy?
TheMahyn::you're a clown.
TheMahyn::I find it hilarious that people continue to bash Kobe on "ball hogging" Guess what, MJ took more shots than Kobe. Is him shooting bad? y'all act like it's a bad thing Hey look MJ has 6 rings. Hey look Kobe has 5 rings. Must be doing something right. Clowns.
Carbon-based::Kobe haters will must him when he retires that a fact
mikeawesome09::look what kobe said about his ball hogging:Kobe on his ball hog reputation: "I wouldn’t say I’m a ball hog. I’m a shooter. I don’t necessarily hog the ball, but I put them up though."
831Gangsta::Jason Kidd for MVP!
mikeawesome09::what does mvp stand for? most violent person?
Rodneycash20122012::and MVH as well as MVDUI recipient.
vicmo25::Melo = 27.9 PPG, 2.0 APG, 6.4 RPG on 47 FG% James = 25.4 PPG, 6.7 APG, 8.6 RPG on 54 FG% Kobe = 29.5 PPG, 5.0 APG, 5.2 RPG on 47 FG%  come on man........it's not even close
stormshadow2377::fg pct and efficency mean nothing there are times you have to jack it up and not worry about your fg pct. id rather have a player like kobe who cares so much about winning he doesn't care about his precious fg pct. Kobe starts jacking it up when he needs to. he doesn't just go right into a game saying hey im gonna jack up shots just because but if his teammates aren't doing what they're supposed to or they are in a hole yeah he plays hero ball Jordan did that too its called doing what you have to do to win and Kobe's fg pct is very good considering the fact he takes much more dificult shots and often has to play hero ball to give his team a chance
elibird54321::So you posted that to show that Kobe is accounting for more his team's offensive output  than Melo or LeBron?   Pts + Ast
Rodneycash20122012::Thank you for the stats, Lebronsuck.
Qzhoopin20::Like I keep saying, I'm not arguing with the stats...but I look at more than just stats alone. I have no problem with Lebron being considered MVP. RIght now, he's just not my #1. People get waaaayyy too caught up in just stats.  That's why I can't stand a guy like Skip Bayless and the way he bashes a guy like Russell Westbrook. Yeah he shoots a lot, but his style of chaos has an incredible negative impact on OKC's opponents cause you always have to account for the guy...making Durant's &amp; Martin's jobs that much easier.
831Gangsta::Knicks without Jason Kidd would be 5-16
vicmo25::4-16 without Reggie Miller free throws
831Gangsta::Kobe playing at an MVP level.
Qzhoopin20::In my world, I don't just look at stats and decide who my MVP is just based on stats. You act like it's an injustice to have a different opinion than yours. If you think Lebron is MVP, so be it. I have no problem with that. IN MY OWN OPINION, I think differently. I just watch the game a little different than you do, no problem. I guess I'm not a bean counter....but I look at intangible stuff too, which is why I mentioned Tyson Chandler too
Qzhoopin20::You can even make a good case for Chris Paul being ahead of those guys too.
HunkofButter::except for his inconsistency
Qzhoopin20::I'm not saying stats don't matter, but MVP is not just a statistical award. I have no problem if Lebron were the MVP again....deservedly. All I said was that MY OPINION has Durant 1st, followed by Melo, Bron &amp; Kobe. I don't think that's out of line at all.
vicmo25::so in ur world you would give the MVP award to the guy who does the least (in production value) over the guy who shows he did more
Qzhoopin20::It's not just purely about stats....I think Melo has had a giant impact on the Knicks' success this year....a surprise to most of us. We knew Bron was gonna dominate. I'd even put Tyson CHandler just outside the discussion, even though he doesn't have big stats. There's more to greatness than just stats alone.
desmond242486::why would they shrink, he has plenty of help
vicmo25::dude........its always about stats.........Lebron is averaging more rebounds, assists and shooting a better FG% despite playing with 2 other all-stars.......one would think his production would shrink being that he there is only 1 ball
Qzhoopin20::Kobe's not the frontrunner, but he's damn sure on the short list. RIght now, I'd say Durant, Melo, Lebron &amp; Kobe...in that order.
desmond242486::sadly you don't have a vote
vicmo25::Melo over Lebron...........LMAO........  Lebron is averaging about 4 more assists than Melo and about 3 more rebounds than Melo............while shooting a better FG%
vicmo25::LMAO.......LOL........ROFL.......
vicmo25::Laker fans should be happy................  I mean their team have a 2 game winning streak against  2 teams that had no All-Stars on the floor (Washington and Philly) while they had 2 on their side............Philly didn't even have Jrue Holiday out there last night, possibly the best player on that team................so way to go Lakers, you guys look great
Qzhoopin20::What's so big about me saying that??  I don't have a problem being objective....Laker fan or not
Qzhoopin20::5 rings doesn't mean a damn thing in 2012/2013....that's the past
desmond242486::you sound very shallow
vicmo25::thank you.........thats all i wanted to hear from a Laker fan
Qzhoopin20::I understand that...but injuries are injuries...the Lakers are playing short-handed even though they still have Kobe &amp; Howard.
vicmo25::But doesn't Kobe have 5 rings.........thats all i hear from Laker fans for everything..........oh 5 rings, 16 championships...........isn't that enought to win games
Qzhoopin20::...but it's OK if the Lakers are missing two all-stars, huh? Nash &amp; Gasol...
vicmo25::you clearly missed the point..........  LAKERS = 2 ALL-STARS PHILLY = 0 ALL-STARS  even without Nash and Gasol the Lakers still have 2 more All-Stars on the floor compared to Philly and Washington
tentray_chicago::Say what you want about who the Lakers beat.  They are playing their schedule.  What should they skip games and just play the winning teams?
LakersPacker::I haven't heard a single fan say we are back at elite status. I don't foresee that until Pau is healthy and traded. This system is not for him.
earlealston::Of course not. The annoyance comes from Kobetards who brag about how how LA just returned to "elite status" with these two wins. When in fact, there are at least 4 playoff teams in the Western Conference alone that are legitimately better right now.
Seskatchewan::In other news, the Lakers were brought back to reality after playing any other team other than the Wizards or Sixers without Bynum, in the NBA
earlealston::"The Lakers are going to be dominant this season." "Knicks are old and even crappier than the C's." "Nothing can save the Heat from the reloaded Celtics' bench." "Jason Terry is better than Ray Allen." "The Heat are going to coast all season." "Anthony Davis is a shoo-in for ROY. It's not even close."  I wonder what all of these thoughts have in common? LMAO
RRC24Kemba15::terry is better than allen at this point in their careers and the heat will coast all season.
The_Spaz_LA::Lakers 68-14 at end of season.  Mark this post.
Infinite5ammy::What color is the sky in your world?
Infinite5ammy::I was just wondering what things look like in Fantasy Land.
The_Spaz_LA::Black right now.  why?
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Who could have possibly predicted the Lakers would win 2 in a row? -- Nostradumbazz
earlealston::Surprised me too  -Everyone. Including Lakers fans
earlealston::And with back-to-back wins against offensively challenged(one of which is the worst team in the league, the other, much worse than its record indicates) teams, Marc Stein will have the "reasoning" he needs to put the Lakers in the top 10 of his rankings.....smh
SRQLivesForever::why does espn constantly talk about the overrated lakers? they suck  it's all about DA KNICKS this year  the knicks are going to win da championship
DeezBrown::If the Lakers are lucky... both teams
The Rock 5.0::Who?
DeezBrown::2nd round playoff exit
Im Ignorant::Why is Jeremy Lin ahead of westbrook in all star votes?
RRC24Kemba15::bc of China...same reason Yao led the league in votes or was near the top. Kobe and LBJ also have a major following in China
hofersf49::because fans vote and fans are dumb
vermincaine::Racism?
vermincaine::All is well in Lakers land... Mike D'Antoni is on a hiatus from his second job (He serves as the logo for Pringles) now he can truly focus on coaching...
DeezBrown::Role players played well minus Antawn. It is still going to be next to impossible  to land a seen between 4-7..
Steve91406::With like what? 57 more games to play, impossible lol
831Gangsta::Lakers will be above .500 before this month is over
nba is the worst::Let's see - 12-14 after the Bobcats, 12-15 after GS,  13-15 after NYK,  13-16 after Denver, 14-16 after Portland - so no.
Im Ignorant::LA beating Portland and New York?...Nope
DeezBrown::Get a refund on that crystal ball bubba.
Sportsfan61679::What if I was to tell you that Kobe Bryant will have the same amount of points as Jordan(32292) by taking the same amount as shots as Jordan(24537 shot attempts) did?  check out the numbers. Jordan shots attempted 24537       Jordan total points 32292 Kobe shots attempted 23221             Kobe total points 30222  This also proves that FG% is sometimes baseless.  Its about how you contribute to your team.
ron4317::"FG % is meaningless."  - Lakers fans
uclalien::"sometimes baseless" = "is meaningless"  - best reader ever
831Gangsta::Sixers=most overrated team in the nba
flyguys44::how are they overrated?? nobody even talks about them
_RocksOnSocks_::At .500 without their best player, I don't think you can call them overrated.
Im Ignorant::Holiday is their best player
LeBron - Miami Heat - James::Kobe shot 50%???? uh-oh, the 21st is Friday
_RocksOnSocks_::The Heat beat the Wizards? Uh-oh, the Mayans were onto something..
nba is the worst::Ha ha, we've been waiting
LeBron - Miami Heat - James::just wait until we beat the Knicks
_RocksOnSocks_::Clearly Kobe is the problem *sarcasm*.  Game high 6 assists to along with 34 points.
earlealston::It's weird, most of the time this season Kobe's shooting has kept games close, but at the same time his misses keep them from pulling away.
_RocksOnSocks_::Lakers are about to go on a 5-game winning streak.  Beat Washington and Philly. Now have Bobcats-Warriors-Knicks (christmas day game at home).
nba is the worst::Warriors will be a problem
hatchkelsocross::As a Laker fan this 2 game winning steak means we are back baby! ... Championship here we come! LOL.
Rodneycash20122012::sure you are.
krappie1010::Dwight looked competative against Kwame.
Rodneycash20122012::sarcasm?
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Uh-oh...a two game win streak. I can feel the winds of change sweeping throughout the NBA. The rest of the league should take warning; Los Angeles is waking up.
ruiz_luis::how is texas handling the sorry celtics?  back to back  blow outs
alexj26602::go back to sleep
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Go CELTICS.
oneandonlybabe::Yeah the Lakers and Kobe are sooo good, LOL
nba is the worst::Kobe with a game-high 6 ast?  what a ballhog
BasketHasMagic::He played very well tonight....shut up, He is still a Boss even when Im not his biggest FAN.
nba is the worst::Sorry - I realize sarcasm is sometimes tough to perceive in text
ESPN.com is my life::so many sixers trolls in here last week predicting a blow out over LAL. what a joke.
Im Ignorant::not a joke, im sure everybody was predicting the sixers beating LA. Their terrible
zackdotcomm::they're**
Rodneycash20122012::their terrible what?  and the "oneandonlybabe" shouldnt even be in here.  You should be cooking and cleaning.  You know your place.
oneandonlybabe::Quite true
5Wahzoo::Philly where crappy Laker centers go to die
I3UTTON::lol lakers are trash
belfeliandre::MWP had a huge game. I just loved the engergy on both ends. Kobe took good shots. After 5 ugly minutes (including a shot blocked by Kwame Brown himself), Howard started to play at his level. Bad news: Jamison had yet another bad game.
Marshallv84::Kwame is a great defender, he just sucks on the other end. Haha
madnesslover::True that. He's always been good at blocking shots because it doesn't require him to catch or hold onto the ball at any time.
cut it out::his back is still not 100%
flopsisback::Meh...Howard was still sub-par on defense, which was supposedly his specialty.
abbassmerchant2324::pau will practice tomorrow an will play vs bobcats
abbassmerchant2324::up next: vs bobcats
nba is the worst::The cake schedule continues
King3378::&gt; : - (
Tom Brady Ugg Boot Model Extraordinaire::stay off the patriots board. lots of clandestine ESPN patriot mods on there!
FinsCanesHeat 05::i got banned 3 times in a row lol
Tom Brady Ugg Boot Model Extraordinaire::funny cuz i been on there a while posting tom brady pics? wonder why they didnt go after me
an objective sports fan::<b>LAKERS WONT MAKE THE PLAYOFFS</b>
madnesslover::While I can't argue how objective you are, I can argue just how moronic you are.
FinsCanesHeat 05:::)
jcsurfshop@yahoo.com::Wow. The idiots are dumber than usual tonight.
PacUv::When is Brian Scalabrine finally going to be given a shoe deal?! He's the White Mamba for crying out loud!
