boldin515::<span style="font-weight: bold;">This is bold red</span>
boldin515::<span style="font-weight: bold;">test 2</span>
boldin515::<span style="text-decoration: bold;">test</span>
Terrmac2657::I saw on here last week where the T-Wolves were a plus 125 points with both Love and Rubio on the floor at the same time and actually Rubio was alittle better than Love back than. But im sure thats fallen some during the past week with this 4 game losing streak. But even than if you watch the games even against the better teams the Wolves play pretty even against the better players on the good teams. Adelman just needs to quit taking both Love and Rubio out at the same time it kills us. And yet he continues to give valuable minutes at the worst times even to guys like Wesley Johnson and Michael Beasley and also Barea needs to step the H E L L up how pathetic has he been since hes come back.
WatkinsUSMC::Sure glad all you sorry $@%! wolves fan's were talking smack.... WOW... LOOK AT THAT SCORE.......
Terrmac2657::Dude whos talking smack. It looks like your the only loser here that feels the need to go on another teams site and talk smack. How immature is that. The only reason you guys won is that Adelman for some stupid reason sat both Rubio and Love in both the third and 4th quarters for  5 or 6 minutes straight. I cant for the life of me figure out why he does that, and both times he did it the score was close or we were within 8-10 points on the road and against Orlando one of the better teams. That just doesnt make any sense to mee at all, and its cost us a few times this year allready. Our bench is not that strong to sit both them guys at the same time unless were up by 10-15 and even than we end up loseing that lead real quickly.
WatkinsUSMC::and.... boom goes the dynamite....
The North Star State::The biggest storyline from this game; Wes Johnson scores 6 points, earning himself another 10 games as a starter.
Terrmac2657::Im with you guys completely on your Wes Johnson rateing . I agree I think hes very athletic but cant make shots in trafic, and needs to work tons on his outside shooting, what is he shooting like 33 percent and even worse on his threes. I still think he may turn out OK but I say trade him and Darko and even Webster and pick up a SG. And its not to late yet if they do it in the next week or so we could make a run, but its going to be real tough after that in the west. Too many real good teams.
luvnbayes::That's funny.  Sadly probably true.  Wes Johnson is proof positive that just because you are as "athletic" as heck doesn't mean you know how to play basketball.  I think he actually tries, and is a good teammate.  He just isn't very good.
Terrmac2657::Should be a great matchup with Rubio going up against Kemba Walker tomorrow, I just might have to take that game in down at Target Center. I went to the Knicks game last week but its hard on my body down there. Im not in to good shape and there were 20 plus thousand fans that game. But hey wild crowds ill take means something good is going on down there right ?
Terrmac2657::Hey man I agree luvnbayes lets go get a SG and step up and be able to play with the big guys on a nightly basis. This lets just wait and be patient attitude is killing me. Weve been through hell the past 5 or 6 years here as T-Wolves fans enough of the wait till next year attitude right. And damb straight he should not be sitting our two best players Love and Rubio ) down for 7 or 8 minutes straight like Adelman has been doing the last 4 or 5 games. Simply put we are scoreing way more points than our opponants when those two are on the floor together. I saw where with Rubio on the floor the Wolves have scored over 100 points more than there opponants and that was like 5 games ago, and you know its the same with Love. Come on man these guys are top 20 players in the NBA IMHO and with Rubio in another year once he settles down and learns the game alittle better or the way its played in the NBA both him and Love will be top 10 players in the league . JUST SAYING
luvnbayes::Adelman should never have Love and Rubio out at the same time, like the second quarter last night.  They simply can't compete without at least one of those guys on the floor.  The game went from a 4 point to 10 point game while they were both out.  The search for a decent wing player continues.  Adelman and Kahn just have to realize it isn't coming from anyone who currently wears a Wolves uniform.  I hate this "let's wait for next year" mind set.  You have two jewels in Love and Rubio, every year they will have a chance to do some real damage in the playoffs.  Starting THIS YEAR.  Go find some help for them!
The North Star State::Exactly.  Even if getting an established wing player doesn't propel us into the playoffs this year, at least the team will have half a year to play together so next year they don't start the first 20 games trying to figure out what one another is going to do.  Kahn and Adelman seem to struggle with the idea of sooner rather than later.
Terrmac2657::I Think the Wolves did a good job on D Howard last night with Pek and Darko at times even shoved him around a bit. Hes been pretty hot lately ( Howard ) but in the 27 or so minutes he played we held him down pretty good. Our big guys were not the problem last night with Love getting 19 points and 15 rebounds and Pekovic 16 points and 13 rebounds in 33 minutes NOT BAD but bottom line is wins. One thing I dont like is a few times this year Adelman has pulled his starters when we were down by like 10-12 points with like 3 minutes left in the game when ive seen us score 10 points in less then a minute, YOU just never know right.
relentlessind127::Wolves need to keep Rubio,K-Love, Pek,Beasley, And D-Will.  Those are the players you build a little foundation under. Rubio is going to be our starting PG the next 10 years. Pek a good center.  Beasley can be a good 6th man or starting SF  D-Will will be a solid Starting SF eventually.  Other than that though we need to Trade a few of these young guys that we play we too much for a solid Veteran SG and keep Randolph i dont get why we don't play him as backup to K-Love he has a lot of talent and seems to get it done better than tolliver when he comes in or Darko come on now.
luvnbayes::I agree with both of you except for Beasley, who I think is a guy who just doesn't know a darn thing about the sport.  I simply can't understand why Randolph isn't playing.  It might be health, I just don't know.  I would take a lot of other guards for those three.  How about CJ Miles or Bellineli or either Mike Dunleavy or Stephen Jackson from Milwaukee?  Get any of those guys and the wings don't look so bad.
The North Star State::I am really hoping that today I turn on my computer and read that the Wolves have traded Wes Johnson, Martell Webster, and Darko Milicic for OJ Mayo.  A man can dream, right?
relentlessind127::7 turnovers by JJ barea that tells you all you need to know right there. Coming off the bench and doing that is pathetic
anen87::Really! I missed the game but damn that's bad. Maybe next game he goes all out.
luvnbayes::That's right.  That is why I suggested trading him right now for a decent SG, before teams realize just how limited Barea is and what a mistake Minnesota made in giving him all that dough.
The North Star State::I haven't seen him play that often, but what do you guys think about the Wolves trading for Shannon Brown?
openminded43::Timberwolves fans can make all the excuses they want, but they just couldn't match the Magic's weapons and depth!!! Howard only played 28 minutes and they still had full control of the game!!!
openminded43::But the Magic had rested starters to bring in for the second half of the 4th qtr and close the game out, while the Timberwolves starters were on the floor already for many minutes trying to cut into the lead!!! That's what I mean about depth!!! Plus, the Magic are not good at taking care of the ball most games, they have a poor PG situation and rely on a 6'10" SF to run the show down the stretch!!!
relentlessind127::We need to trade atleast one or two of these young guys you cant expect us to commit in the 20's turnovers every night and have a chance to win we are sloppy with the ball and not consistent shooting. Teams like orlando that can take care of the ball and hit there open three's can kill us. Considering we were down 8 in the fourth i was thinking we could make a run..Nope JJ getting pushed off stops playing D and allows a wide open 3.  JJ you are a little girl officially it was a foul but keep playing the game we could of had a chance
masisk33::Actually, if youve been watching the games like I have, their play has gotten far worse over the last three games in particular. Its been frustrating watching their young guys get benched, while their vets go out and commit careless turnovers. No playoffs this year, but could be a very good team with playoff expectations next season
minny snowta::it's true mate! no denying it, the magic showed the wolves how to play with a well balanced attack and did it with their best player playing alot less minutes than he usually does.  it's funny! all the t wolves fans who troll the mavs boards  and kept barking about the wolves going to the playoffs, I was one of the few telling these guys not to jump the gun.  where are you guys at now that the wolves are 13-16 and have dropped 4 in a row?  i'm a big wolves fan and went to the lakers game, which they lost.  but I see big improvement in the wolves play and excited for the future.  atleast we have the bobcats coming up, if we lose that one, the wolves go problems!!!
masisk33::O yeah///your depth is amazing....not.  Like seeing Big Baby back-up Howard at center? Thats not gonna be a depth issue come play-off time. ha
masisk33::Howard got faced by Darko several times during Darko's 4 minutes of action......ha
masisk33::the magic are very good, and if Orlando would have made a few more of those wide-open shots, they would have won by 20. Nobody is making excuses, just hoping for our extremely young players to get more playing time. weapons and depth?  hahah...
Terrmac2657::The Wolves will be fine , just gotta finish. And need to make lay ups sheesh and easy shots like the 12-15 footers Beasley is missing 7 or 8 of them every night. I still think once Adelman starts D Williams at the 3 and I still believe untill they get a good shooting guard both Barera and Ridnour can handle that and e can win some games. But yeah the only thing IMO  we need is a real good shooting guard that will make all our guys just that much better. Loves a beast out there every night and Rubio is playing real good for a first year guy.Like I said once we stop missing the easy shots Rubio will be getting 5 more assists a game.
Terrmac2657::Oh man you are sooooooo on point there masisk . I just cannot see what Adelman sees in W Johnson, this is his second year right , why is there no improvment. My God hes shooting like 33 percent from the field. PRACTICE MAYBE ALITTLE BIT how can a guy accually get worse at that level. And Beasley aint that much better, showing up one time out of 5 games aint going to get it done. But if anyone can turn him around its Adelman. We just gotta stay patient and hope they pick up an SG
masisk33::Opposing teams would actually have to guard our SF to start the game. Unlike Wes, where they can simply allow him to jack up outside shots. To me...it looks like Wes is trying depserately to "find his rhythm" or find his "shooting stroke" during the games. During the GAMES!!! How bout try to find your stroke during PRACTICE???  I understand this is a shortened season, and there is little time to work on your game. Baloney! Get your million dollar butt in a gym and shoot...that goes for everyone, not just Wes
masisk33::True that, and from watching every minute of every game this year......Williams CAN play the 3, he is undersized for the 4, too quick for most 4's....sounds like a 3 to you? does to me. Shoots better than Wes Johnson, rebounds better too. Wes might have better perimeter D, but if Williams was getting regular minutes his perimeter D would be comparable.
Marty3CupsQueenHenrikZero::moh
Marty3CupsQueenHenrikZero::.
the702shogun::love the way the magic crowd boos big baby after every miss. kevin 'inorlandotheresno' love had a good game. didn't stomp on anybody. was rubio playing?
Magicmike321::That is because he sucks, sucks bad
jddowney789::I was really hoping for a K.Love-Q.Rich throw down
masisk33::Uh, ever looked at a box score? Rubio was 2 assists away from a double-double.......   dumass
miles tarver rules::Adelman knows this isn't a sprint. He knows what he is doing with these players. He knows they aren't going to make noise in the playoffs this year. D will will eventually get minutes. Rubio will get a shooter to pass to, and will develope his own shot in the meantime. This team will be scary good in the next few years.  Look at all the haters for a team that isn't even .500 already. GO WOLVES!!!!
masisk33::Absolutely...feeling your pain here man.  Problem is....we don't have much to unload for a quality SG.....I mean, who is valuable that we can afford to lose? It would be great if we could unload all our defective players for a great SG, but no opposing GM would take our trash and give up a guy that could help.......so we may be waiting til next year for answers to these probs
Terrmac2657::Im with ya masisk Im on board for a play off run this season but it will take either Barera stepping up big like he did last season for the Mavericks or even like he was playing earlier in the season with us. He just stinks right now. But I think they need to make a trade and get a real good shooting guard and like miles tarver said that will make Rubio and all the Wolves alot better. I can see Rubio getting 20 assists in a game yet this season maybe even 25, these guys are missing way to many easy shots and lay ups. I counted 6 missed lay ups in the second half alone a couple games ago. Man thats 12 points and you lose by 5 or 6 , come on guys.
masisk33::I like your patience.  My patience is terrible right now because, unlike other MIN fans, I actually watched most every game last season.  I admit, that wasnt the smartest move, but I did it. And now I'm way to dam impatient. Love, Rubio, Williams will take us to the postseason soon.
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::trolls still hangin around eh?  smh........
KUChiefs603::mea world peace is causing problems withe lakers. brown is reading the stats and cutting down on his playing time. meta world peace is saying things to the press about this vedio control guy. sounds like  time for an exit.
masisk33::How is Wes Johnson standing in the way of DERRICK WILLIAMS??????  I just can get over the thought that Rick Adelman has no idea what he is doing with the personnel at his disposal. I mean...he started Darko for the first 20 games. Seriously? what is he doing?
masisk33::Really? I heard that from Adelman too....To me D. Will is undersized and too quick for the 4....sounds like a 3 to me
ilyak_17::D-Will can't play the 3
masisk33::D Will would be a beast by now if he wasnt getting benched every other game. wtf??
masisk33::youre an idiot
ilyak_17::D-Will can't play the 3
masisk33::Why is it so hard for Adelman to make obvious changes to the starting line-up? I was rejoicing that Ridnour had a family issue....but then Wayne Ellington didnt even play hardly at all!  At least we got to see why Martell Webster is completely OVERRATED!! Bench him. Start D. Will for Wes Johnson....sheesh
masisk33::moron
ilyak_17::D-Will can't play the 3
kzwider::Rubio is the truth...and yes you are absolutely right...Michael Beasley is a straight up goon who needs to go http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/01/ricky-rubio-is-real-deal.html
arlenalmendinger24::i use to be a fan n support beasly...but he really needs to go
masisk33::ilyak_17........kind of a one trick pony huh?  its ok if youre insane...but if not, try a different chant for a little while
ilyak_17::D-will can't play the 3
masisk33::I am thinking so too....he looks unaware out on the court. Just sleep walking out there. C-YA!  I really believe D. Williams would be a ROY candidate if he was getting 30 min a game
DirkNowitzki4President::Wolves = Troll City
MNfreakTim::There are only 2 or 3 guys who trolled the Mavs board. Just like there are 2 or 3 Mavs fans who troll our boards. Doesnt make you any better then our trolls m8....
DirkNowitzki4President::Most of them come to Mavs board to talk crap considering their team is 3 games under .500. Well they can't troll today since Mavs won and wolves are in a 3 game losing streak
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::who goes to whos board...........
Leboring_Traveled::I think the Wolves can be a good team but I don't know if they ever will. Got the pieces but nothing is guarnteed. I won't say anything negetive about better teams than us until we can prove that we can win regularly.
DirkNowitzki4President::Ok you might be the only decent wolves fan so that's good to know
Leboring_Traveled::It's just because we're 2-1 Vs you guys this year....Which doesn't really mean anything considering we're, I think 5 games behind you in the standings now...Maybe 6?
Leboring_Traveled::No, that's just Phil and some of the loser fans. Some of us are pretty normal!
.pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis.::Yet look at you.
Leboring_Traveled::Ricky Rubio will only get better. The guy is what, 21? He has 7 years tillhe hits his prime. The key for him is to start driving to the rim whne he has the ball and not take so many jumpshots. That needs to be his game.
masisk33::He needs to shoot perimeter shots when open...just needs to start making more them...Youre right it will come with time. Jason Kidd couldnt shoot his rookie year either...and he is headed for the Hall of Fame
natskivna::The Twolves fans shoulda held their victory parade when they got to .500.  They won't see that again for awhile.
masisk33::I bet you like the "ISO" offense....ha
masisk33::another fool obsessed with scoring and blind to how the other statistics affect the game
masisk33::ilyak_17:  WRONG......Rubio beat Irving for Rookie of the Month....so your opinon is merely just that.  Rubio is top 5 in stls and assists. NOT IRVING.....although I love Kyrie and he is on my fantasy team, along with Rubio
badguy40::future hall of fame? lets control ourselves here
masisk33::you think Jason Kidd is a Hof Fame player?  Compare rookie stats with Rubio. Then, just shut your mouth
masisk33::Spanish Legend, Future All-Star, Probable Rookie of the Year, Future Hall of Fame? Every team in the NBA would love to have Rubio
masisk33::see below genius
ilyak_17::There's almost no chance he wins ROY.  Kyrie Irving is having one of the best rookie seasons the league has ever seen.  Its gonna take a collapse for Ricky to overtake him.
masisk33::How can you not like Ricky Rubio? jerk
Bricky Rubio::LOL.   They are screwed.
Mr Biscuithead::I asked a fortune teller if the Minnesota Timberwolves would be the future of the N.B.A.   She just laughed.
masisk33::probably at the size of your $@%!$
themightyrule10::JJ barea is too small to be effective, can't D up most guards, forces too much,  yeah he hit down a couple open 3's....but last year he was fortunate to be on a loaded Mavs team with multiple shooters which in turn created open lanes and easier shots for Jose. It was flukey, I think the wolves made a mistake by making him almost a 6th man.   Beasley needs to start. Adeleman is treating our young guys like children and sitting them for trivial mistakes. When guys like Wayne, Anthony Randolph, and even dwill and Beas get spotty minutes, of course they will force some shots when they get the opportunity. we gotta change up the lineups, a 4 game losing streak isn't the end of the world, but it's the ugly way we lose them that is disturbing.....
masisk33::Barea is a decent back-up, but its pretty obvious his length limits what he can do on the court. I can see why Dallas said "so long" to J.J.
masisk33::Adelman tries to teach accountability to his young, ultra-athletic players....But who holds Rick accountable for putting Luke Ridnour on Vince Carter for an entire quarter! Or starting Darko! Or starting Wes! Someone needs to keep Adelman in his place, and make sure that he knows HE is solely responsible for these L's that could be W's for a coach with more patience and common sense
masisk33::Totally agree with every bit of this
Btravisc::ORL = Contenders
masisk33::ORL is legit, just need to hit their open shots and they can beat anyone
Chris31708::Yes they are when consistent.
ThePainofCanes1-10::Has anyone seen<b> the Official Troll for the New York Knicks?</b>
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
b.ball_player28::Magic Champs 12'  #MagicNation
Jonny2768::Why are people talking about football... the season starts in 7 months!
MagicBoltzRays::Hollinger had the T-wolves ranked ahead of the Magic in his daily rankings..... LMFAO.
mn_tanz::It's purely a mathematical formula.
Winnesota2012::Way too many turnovers and sloppy overall play by the guards.  As a team, 18 turnovers.  Holy shit.
masisk33::They were over 20 TO's last two games before this stinker
lash0022::Barea needs to go...7 to's 1 assist tonight...the previous loss wasn't it 5 turnovers and 0 assists?? he was supposed to provide veteran leadership and toughness off the bench...what a joke.
Winnesota2012::That's unacceptable if they want to have any shot at making the playoffs this year.  I'm hoping it's just the growing pains of a very young roster.  I don't really expect a playoff appearance this season, but not out of the question by any means.
MNSPORTS93::I think we're averaging 20 over the last 4 games.
The Amazing Chef MN3::I usually dont complain about the refs, but today is an exception. They gave the magic that game. The magic paid them. They were terrible. if the refs we 10% on our side, we woulda creamed the losers by 50. But no, the refs gotta give it to the magic cause they suck so much. DANG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! STUPID REFS!!!!!!!!!! go wolves...
masisk33::Rubio is a future all-star moron...Yes he will turn it over his rookie year because he is a PG and handles the ball alot
Bricky Rubio::Rubio had 5 freaking TO's.  Horrible player.
MNSPORTS93::Barea had 7. Rubio will get better with time, I'm not too worried about him yet.
MNSPORTS93::18 TO's didn't help.
The Amazing Chef MN3::go wolves
MNSPORTS93::Good game Orlando.  Hopefully the Wolves can fix their turnover issues and get some perimeter defense, both looked disgustingly bad tonight.
masisk33::Yes, everyone and their mom can see that Wes should be BENCHED. NOW! Or at least tell Wes to stop shooting perimeter jump shots!
jhedrich::He is a rookie averaging around 8 dimes a game with little to no perimeter shooting.  Kid gives great effort and has a Bball IQ many can only dream to have.  You would be an idiot to get rid of him.
MNSPORTS93::I just don't understand what the heck Adelman is thinking.  There's a time when you just have to give up on a player, and that time is long past in my opinion.
jhedrich::Aghh.  Wes is playing soo poorly.  It is hard to watch.
MNSPORTS93::And I agree. He really seems to make everyone else play better.  Except for Wes, but my half-eaten venison summer sausage sandwich is more of a baller than Wes.
jhedrich::You two are stupid
Malcyon1::You can start by getting rid of Bricky Rubiho and Barea...
jhedrich::Fixing turnovers and shooting will come with time.  Kid is 21.  Can't teach someone the gift of seeing the court the way he does.
MNSPORTS93::Barea I agree with, I have faith in Ricky though.  Like I said, if he can fix his turnover issues and improve his shooting (by a lot), I think he could be a pretty damn good pg.
Bricky Rubio::hahahahahah Rubio SUCKS
MNSPORTS93::False.
Visionsun916::Wow, Magic won a game with team work. Finally!
TheCronoMasterMind::This was a pretty impressive game by the Magic, especially since Davis went 1-10. He isn't known as a fantastic offensive player, but still. Wolves did have plenty of chances to get back into it, good win today. Howard wasn't a huge factor, though he was still pretty useful at times.
New York is still a JET city... the Giants can have Newark::Dwight Howard to the JETS!
TheDrunkengambler::Ron Howard to the Jets
TheDrunkengambler::These New Yorkers take a long time to write. We can all wait
New York is still a JET city... the Giants can have Newark::PeyJet Manning + Jet Pierre-Paul + Jet Allen = dynasty.
Jonny2768::Hey buddy. Your in the basketball section... not the "I WISH" section.
TheDrunkengambler::All 3 aren't playing for the Jets. Ryan and Sanchez are in bed together
New York is still a JET city... the Giants can have Newark::You down with JPP?
TheDrunkengambler::Only if they sell out like all of the Yankees players who choke in the playoffs
TheDrunkengambler::Jared Allen son. Never heard of the defensive runner ups
New York is still a JET city... the Giants can have Newark::Both of them will be on the JETS next season.
New York is still a JET city... the Giants can have Newark::GANG GREEN and BIG BLUE &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; your teams
TheDrunkengambler::Gang Green plays football like everyone on the roster literally has gangrene
TheDrunkengambler::Mad about the fact that ocassionally that terrible team is televised
New York is still a JET city... the Giants can have Newark::^ Mad Jets hater ^
themightyrule10::my hot girlfriend &gt; your hand
New York is still a JET city... the Giants can have Newark::Truth be told... I root for the G-MEN in the NFC and whenever they play the Cheatriots.
MNSPORTS93::Anyone who roots for the Pats is just a bad person, I think we can all agree.
