D. Darqwon::It's been the T. Jones show so far. He's done a little bit of everything. Patrick Beverley continues to lock down whoever they put in front of him. JLin went out early with an injury, but fortunately it doesn't seem serious. Aaron Brooks has stepped in and hit some big shots. Howard has been hitting the glass as usual and has been great at moving the ball (4 assists already). And Chandler Parsons continues to fill up the stat sheet.  Go Rox!!!
Josh::The Rockets are a deep depth team.  Lin will probably be out for a couple of weeks with the Knee Contusion.  Harden is still out.  But the Rockets are playing without skipping a beat.  The coach should just let them rest until they are fully recovered.
ft::Didn't realize there was a 4th point guard. Let see what he's got!
oldsecretary::Rockets are 6-1 since Nov 14th when Omar Asik asked to be traded and the Rockets ended their experiment of starting Dwight Howard and Omar Asik together.   I think using both at the same time was also a contributing factor with the offense being a little out of sync.
TheBigB0ss::AB is making a case to replace Beverly as back up guard when Lin and harden return from injuries. As i stated before, AB is an offensive threat at the Point.....18 minutes 7-11 shooting =18 pts so far.    Francisco Garcia found his stroke also.  Fortunately for the rockets, they have a deep bench.  ] Only weakness offensively tonight....Pat Beverly= 2-8 shooting with 2 assists.  His defense has been stellar though, holding teagues 0-5, but you have to wonder how much longer Mchale will be going with Pat Beverly now that AB has shown to be an offensive threat again.  Mchale did a good job using the right matchups against, similar to memphis.  I been stressing all season that team ball will save the rockets and take them far, ball movement, etc.  Not the iso places that were set up before for harden.  Good win for the rockets tonight (assuming their 16 point lead stands).  Need to get Lin back though to compete with the tougher teams, but good win with without your 2 top players.
BassProShops::Can you guys see what I'm seeing? I think right now the Rockets regret signing Harden that huge contract. Without Harden, Houston moves the ball way better. The team is actually playing like a "team" when Harden is not in the game. Harden is good but his flaws are almost equal. This game shows how  much the have come together as a team without ball hogging ISO Harden in the game. BTW look at the turnovers. Only 13! Weren't they averaging 20+ TO's per game?
Josh::The Rockets are so deep that Phil Jackson might be wanting the Head Coaching Job.  It's loaded with talents and ready to win multiple championships.  I still think McHail is that experienced or talented of a coach.
D. Darqwon::No Harden? No Lin? No Problem.  Good win for the Rockets. Each night that team leader Harden has been out there has been a different guy to step in and take up the slack.  Brooks, Casspi, and Garcia have been stellar offensively during this stretch and Omer Asik has been dominant on the boards and defensively, even in limited minutes. Terrence Jones continues to impress in all facets of the game. He had an amazing start tonight. Dwight Howard seems content to do whatever the team needs of him, whether scoring, rebounding, or defending. He has also shown to be a much better passer than given credit for. Patrick Beverley continues to put the clamps on whoever he encounters. Tonight he held Atlanta's leading scorer to 0-5 shooting and 14 points under his average. Chandler Parsons once again was the do-all player this team needs. A strong effort by everyone who played tonight.  Although the Hawks are a mediocre team, the Rockets performance tonight (without 2 of their top 5 scorers) bodes well for this team once they get healthy. This team will be scary once they hit their stride.  Go Rox!!!
D. Darqwon::Hopefully the Rockets learned something for the way they closed out their last game and let their defense lead the way. If they allow their defense to feed the offense Houston should beat Atlanta easily. If they simply try to outscore the Hawks it could get tight. The Beverley/Teague matchup should be interesting as should Howard vs Horford.  The Rockets win this one going away.  Go Rox!!!
Kenmandu::All I can say that w/out Harden the Rockets play much better  and move the ball with fluidity.
