Foshiz Honkizel::The Spurs Totally suck now. Their season is over, done. Forget about it.  - laker fan
imperiumd::I give the Spurs respect, but I hate that Manu. He gets so many calls but can molest people and never get called.
esstea23::How do Green and Diaw continue to get minutes? What value do they provide to any NBA lineup?
luvnbayes::Diaw has played very poorly compared to last year but he is clever when he's playing hard.  There are NO redeeming qualities about Green.  Hopefully with Leonard's return and Patty Mills emergence Green will play next to nothing from now on.
luvnbayes::Pop is halfway to correcting his rotation.  Blair is out, thank goodness.  Now he has to make the same decision with Green, who doesn't rebound, is the worst perimeter defender on the team, can't create, and basically shoots well against bad teams and poorly against good ones.  Oh, and one more change, which Pop is on the cusp of making -- Mills HAS to play.  Too explosive not to.
slam_dunk_on_u::The spurts are not about winning titles anymore they are about winning the regular season and selling tickets for the ignorant spurt fan base
NOVABuffalo::How are your Clippers tickets?
mccoy3181::This coming from a Fakers fan.  Whats their record again?  oh yeah thats right they suck so you have no room to talk about basketball.  fly away dumbo fly away!!!
Texicano10::mamon
CubicleJoe::impressive that duncan can still have games like this at 36.  hoping the spurs can gut out one more title from this group, but i don't know...
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Unless he has Perk or Serge on him then he is no threat at all. Like the Thundet game before.
NOVABuffalo::Some how this guy thinks disrespecting the premier small market team increases the Thunder's profile.  I can admit the Thunder have a greater potential than Spurs at this point, but idiots like this guy just don't have a clue.  I could say Thunder are "finals chokers", since Spurs are 4-0 in finals, but don't.  How many of us have seen potential go to waste due to various reasons.  If Thunder don't win a championship in the next couple of years ... then their team won't be remembered.
TWex2120::Guess you forgot the 1st game they played when he had 20 8 and 3 blocks against the Thunder. Troll
charlie hustle bets the over::dude he just looked MEAN last night. opened up the game by shooting tons of mid range j's.  nuggets got used to that very quickly and when they did, he just made our interior d look like high schoolers by driving in for some quasi-ferocious jams. insanely high basketball iq.
TWex2120::His 18 rebounds, 6 dimes, 5 blocks and 2 steals surely make up for that.
Pusherman3::He was 11-26 though. Meloesque efficiency for a 7 footer.
charlie hustle bets the over::nba is the worst, you're so transparent, dude. you look at a boxscore and then come on here complaining about ref favoritism.    like usual, i was at the game (section 134, row 1: better seats than a boxscore will give you). the only favorable call nuggets received was when farried went up for a dunk and was slightly pushed in the back.  should have been a no call.  timmy's 10 step walks balanced that out pretty well.  of course nuggets got more fouls, they were 10 times more aggressive than the spurs. spurs shot 36 3's!!!  36!  to nuggets 19.  how did you miss that in your boxscore analysis?   fouled mcgee all 3rd quarter a la "hack a shaq". nuggs drove the lane, spurs settled for j's... and also the subsequent loss.  /lawyered
highly debatable with extra sauce::Denver ran the spurs out of the building...Youth&gt;Dinosaurs
spur4lever::And the oldest man on the court dominated those youngsters to a near quadruple double.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Almost doesn't count. When he is matched up with someone that plays great D he is not a threat remember the Thunder game. Timmy was not a worrye for the Thunder!!!
YearOfTheSpur::Slam_Dunk_On_You Lakers get trolled every game on their boards (Im one of em) and I have yet to see you defend YOUR OWN team... All I ever see you do is go to Spurs boards (the RARE times they lose) and gargle Popovitch's kids. Oh, and whenever someone talks about your lakers and their 12-14 record, you seem to dissapear and pretend like you didint see the comment. If your gonna troll, atleast be good at it. JS.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::The rare time they do, 1-4. In the last 5 games is not rare. Lmao try again.
TWex2120::Yeah because the Thunder never lose and always win championships right?
AustinBeal::The Spurs started 12-9 last season and finished the season on a 38-6 run. I'm a little disappointed that we couldn't pull out a couple of these recent road games, but I'm far from worried about the Spurs chances at contending in the playoffs. If Tim Duncan keeps playing the way he has been playing, he'll be a serious MVP candidate by the end of the season.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Tim is playing great but we need to get the old Ginobili back to win a title.  And the young core of Splitter, Green, Mills and Leonard need to keep improving.
AustinBeal::Bruce Bowen needs to come out of retirement
Pusherman3::Nuggets finally get some home games and some rest, and the ywin 3 in a row vs. tough competition.  4 out of next 5 on the road then they are home all of January.  Watch them make their run in January.
BurnabyJoeFan::Great win by the Nuggets against a full Spurs lineup... all the early road games will pay off when they find their rhythm at home in January.
DrJack76::Kawhi is their best defender besides Timmy.
nba is the worst::No kawhi means NOT "full Spurs lineup", silly
FantasyAggie2012::42-18 in FTs. Give me a break.
NOVABuffalo::I'm a Spurs fan, but you can't just go with the FT differnce .... there are many potential reasons.  Actually sometimes the other team does foul more.  I admit I didn't see this game, but many teams at the end of a few road games lose focus, get tired and start playing defense with arms instead of feet.
msonic69::Spurs played 'hack a shaq' with McGee, so don't cry about FTs.
msonic69::One team attacks the basket, the other shoots jumpers. I wonder which one will get to the FT line more....
nba is the worst::So take off his 10, and it's still a 32-18 ref job
BurnabyJoeFan::Don't foul so much.
Mr. Nut Job::"You boys need a rest now!  See you new years Duncan!  You are all very old.  Sleep now!"  -Pop to his Crew!
FantasyAggie2012::^^^ Dumb.
nba is the worst::2nd straight home court ref job win for the nuggets (Grizzlies game was the other).  Wtf?
BurnabyJoeFan::Timmy got his usual dose of 'Super Star Calls' last night.  It's a joke to say the refs gave this game to Denver.    I doubt you even watched the game.  Your just mad because the Nuggets aren't one of your 8 favorite teams... poser.
nba is the worst::Both this and the grizz game were 5 on 8, homers.  And look again, I've got the Nuggets on my favorites list, silly
charlie hustle bets the over::i relish the fact you come here after almost every nuggets victory..  i also love when the refs turn a blind eye to timmy's 5 step travels all game long and nuggets still win.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Let him cry, we love laughing at her.
TWex2120::No.
climb171::Looks like Mr. Faried did some beasting on old Spurs last night.
SONNYBENZO3O3::Ur beast wasn't beast enough
TWex2120::More like Tim did beasting on the nuggets. Yes they lost but 31 18 6 2 and 5 is dominant in every way.
This_Guy1::Holy s***, Denver won?
Mr. Nut Job::Like in Utah.
diehardnr1::should that read "Holy s#%", Denver won three in a row?"...?
Trivial Psychic::Its almost automatic when teams come to Denver on the second half of a back to back.
washheightsboy3::down 20, and the spurs almost came back.  but the fact that they did it with their starters on the back of a B2B, justifies the fine Stern game them for resting starters.  taking them out for a national game v miami was a way to protest the scheduling.
BurnabyJoeFan::They almost won that game against Miami though.  Had they pulled it off... Stern couldn't have done crap about it.
diehardnr1::Games like this make me salivate at the thought of 31 of last 50 games being at the Pepsi Center.  Iggy is finding his role...which is aggressive basket attacker and defender...and forming a familiarity with his teammates. Gallo is quickly finding his shooting touch Brewer is becoming a viable 6th man KK is proving over and over again why he is the starting C...have said it since day 1...KK is the most fundamentally sound C on the Nuggets roster. Manimal is becoming a player other teams are having to scheme against... Ty still finding himself...but even "bad" Ty is good...  I called the slow start due to the schedule and predicted that if Nuggets are 4 games+ over .500 after first 32 (2 over with 26 played) right now) that they will indeed end up a top 3 seed...still possible...but have to win some road games...and stay hot at home of course...  GO NUGGETS!!!
NOVABuffalo::Thunder, Clippers, Grizz and Spurs are all good road teams don't see Denver hosting a first round playoff series, but you never know
69durango::Love your analysis.  I stated that if Nugs were 18-14 to start with their schedule and new player configuration they would be in very good shape.  i think they will finish 38-12 for a total of 56 wins and a 2nd-4th seed.  I also think McGee will benefit greatly from a full year of good coaching and good teammates and be more and more a factor as the season progresses.  Next year I expect KK and JM to split time relatively evenly.
BurnabyJoeFan::diehardnr1 - now if only Igoudala would turn into NBA version of Von Miller, Dre into Manning, and Karl into Fox/Del Rio............................oops...sorry, I got lost day-dreaming of that team playing in the finals...lol  Hey... Knowshon has hops.. did you see him hurdle Ed Reed?  Maybe he can ball.  Broncos got a couple former ballers like Virgil Green.
diehardnr1::now if only Igoudala would turn into NBA version of Von Miller, Dre into Manning, and Karl into Fox/Del Rio............................oops...sorry, I got lost day-dreaming of that team playing in the finals...lol
69durango::Interesting sidelight: It took the Broncos 6 games or 37.5 % of the season to gel with all the changes. &nbsp;&nbsp; 37.5 % of 82 games is 30-31 games for the Nuggets. I actually think at about the half way point they will be hitting on all cylinders consistently.
diehardnr1::Thanks...good points you made as well... I agree totally that JM is the C of the future...and am glad that he has a buffer in KK amd Mozy...plus a patient coaching staff ...as well as one that understands his asthma problems and will not let him get too unfocused because of it.   I am kind of hoping that the Nuggets season mirrors the Broncos...you know...hanging in with a tough early schedule and then hitting their stride battle tested down the stretch.
washheightsboy3::i might be misremembering but I thought hack a shaq only happened once he got the ball.  were teams fouling him in the back court on the inbounds pass?
diehardnr1::I wondered that as well...I honestly cannot remember, since I basically ignored or hated all the teams Shaq ever played for...and the Nuggets never did it to my recollection.  I think it should be taken out of the game...the away from the ball fouls that is... kinda cheap way to buy time and kill momentum for the other team...I actually lost some respect for Pops because of it...  Two simple ways to stop it 1) Pull McGee or 2) McGee stay out of bounds after inbounding ball and it being 4 on 4 offense....there is that other way...you know...make your FTs...lol
NOVABuffalo::Spurs had it used against them as well during the Dennis Rodman era.  Easy answer is make the FT, end of arguement.  As for it being basketball or not, people foul during the last minute as a strategy ---- is that basketball?
marcel1965::assess a T for intentionally excessive use of that tactic.  Its just not basketball
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Popovich will be ok without your respect.  He has 4 rings and 15 straight 50 win seasons.  I think the next closest team is the Bulls with like 3 straight.  His coaching decisions are what make him the best coach in the league.
mkwan0::Spurs have played the most games in the league, and the most road games.  They are showing that they can be vulnerable to fatigue (not having your small forwards for a long stretch hasn't helped).  Rest will be critical here, even early in the season.  I trust pop
diehardnr1::uh...DEN has played one more road game just saying...  If I were a Spurs fan I would be cherishing the unwritten Duncan-never-fouls-or-travels-rule for the last couple of seasons it will exist...
diehardnr1::when he easily could have fouled out if they would call his subtle(?) holds and pushes to gain position?  Yes...  Plus see cscobra comment above...
TWex2120::Right thats why he had 3 fouls last night?
cscobra::it is the reason why Duncan hates Joey Crawford, he actually calls him for traveling and fouls
doof54::I really hate to see the Spurs hit a rough stretch.  Pops should have given the entire team a couple of these games off.  I mean, if you suspect you're going to lose, you might as well not show up.  Right, Pops?
cscobra::just play the d-league team in place of the spurs, just make sure you notify the league and your opponent first
oneandonlybabe::People need to learn to read first, obviously comprehension is a whole different story.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Patreeky - Well firstly, seeing someone play 36 years ago doesnt make them a good coach. And I seem to recall George Karl losing a first round series to the 8th seed Nuggets back in the 90s... something that would never happen to a Pop team. George cant get past the first round without chauncey billups ______________________________________________  Pop did the samething 2 seasons ago. Spurs #1 seed Grizz #8 seed and spurs got beat out in the first round. So by your logic then pop is bad to since that's your measuring stick.
NOVABuffalo::It's not 1979
diehardnr1::I beg to differ thunder,,, that whole "something that would never happen to a pop team" kinda says you did...
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Never said it was.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Lmao spurs are just what we thought old and slow. Far from a title contender. Lmao spurs fans deserve this to.
mkwan0::You have much anger.  I know it seems like the Spurs fans think that their team is better and has accomplished more than your team.  That is mainly because it has.  A 5 game stretch in December won't change that, no matter how much stock you want to put in the first 25 games of a season.  Spurs fans are a little different in that we look at how well the team wins championships.  So far, Spurs 4, Thunder 0.
AirEdwin::Wow they lost to a 7-1 team at home on a back to back game by 6 points, yes the spurs are so terrible
AirEdwin::"7-1 team at home", AT HOME, meaning, their home record learn to read
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::1-4 in their last 5 games is, but by your logic that means they a great and one of the best. Lmao! By the way they are not 7-1 in their last 8, try 5-3. Try and lie to make your point look better, lmao weak try again.
NOVABuffalo::Thunder homer
NOVABuffalo::yes you are with trolling - read Daryell Mayberry if you desire balance
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Oh no he called me a name. Lmao weak, what are we in second grade.
PistolaRosada::What a terriblecoaching job by Pop! Instead of traveling to Denver to play a back to back he should of simply sent the entire team home to San Antonio. Then when questioned why he sent everyone home his response would of been "We got a game tonight? Since When?"
oneandonlybabe::Spurs were dealt a tough schedule to begin the season. Hopefully it will start to even out soon.
oneandonlybabe::I will not waste my time since I don't care what you think it's relevant or irrelevant to you and if you missed the point then that's on you buddy. I will post what I want and you go on continue whining, who the heck cares.
ivanfran70::THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107 - Whining about what my team being the best in the NBA, my team on a 11 game win streak. Yea I sure have a lot to cry about. What smart guy you are, smh lmao.  We shall see if your team is left standing after the NBA Finals, or if your team will even MAKE IT to the NBA Finals.  When my team makes it to the Finals, they WIN, they don't choke (4-0 all-time record).  Don't get too cocky about having the best record in the league - Spurs will probably overtake the Thunder and have the best record in the West again for the third year running.
mkwan0::If you felt secure in your team's success, you wouldn't feel the need to go around slamming other teams (for their performance in December, no less).
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Whining about what my team being the best in the NBA, my team on a 11 game win streak. Yea I sure have a lot to cry about. What smart guy you are, smh lmao.
Trivial Psychic::These two teams have played more road games than anyone else in the league.  Coming to Denver on the second half of a back to back is tough. It is relevant, quit your $@%!* and worry about your own team.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Excuses are what the fans of the losing team do. But hey thanks for the laughs.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::You implied it, and that's plain as day to see. Try and be objective, that's not what you get from that. Complaining about schedule is just funny.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Nice excuse. To bad it doesn't work. They all have to play 82 games. Try again, like spurs are not the team from 5 years ago, to old and slow.
cscobra::once again the Spurs have not played the most road games
mkwan0::Spurs have played more games than any other team, and more road games.  Yes, this team is susceptible to fatigue.  No, they are not old and slow.
oneandonlybabe::It's not an excuse. I didn't even say anything about their losing because of it. Just that they've had their share of back to backs and road games and that it should even out later in the season. Heck I don't even like the Spurs but that doesn't mean I cannot be objective! geez
I3UTTON::lol the San Antonio Boot Spurs are terrible
YearOfTheSpur::Just like the Mavericks?
mksatx::gusto to go hack ashaq on mcgee.   hee hee  lmfao!  yet somehow spurs didnt win .  all that does is delay the refs getting to the airport for tomorrows game.  get a clue
Hondo Kid::enough said.  cause u know im right.  dont mess with Hondo Kid
Hondo Kid::Spurs coach is the best.  david robinson, elliot, duncan, manu, parker, johnson, bowen, etc, blessed to have such a fine outstanding coach.  well either outstanding players play and win, or coachs get credit
Hondo Kid::tim spent 40 min getting outplayed and pop is a great a coach. lmfao
ivanfran70::Outplayed by WHOM?!?
AirEdwin::31 points 18 rebounds is getting outplayed? Show me another player not named kevin love or dwight howard that has done that recently
Hondo Kid::your an idiot. you said coach dont win without talent.
Hondo Kid::so you had your laptop on all day and night and at the game too?   yer fabulous.
Hondo Kid::spurs going to have to suck it up.  congrats nugget.  why doofus popovich played tim 40 min. on the end of road back to back dont make sense. it totally contradicts what pop has preached.  Doofus pop is confused and should decide if he should be a GM or quit coaching
AirEdwin::because this is the SECOND game back to back and they have TWO GAMES OFF until Friday
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Oh by the way, the only reason Timmy played just 24 minutes is because the Thunder was up 19 so pop through the towel in half way in the 3rd. Yea that's great coach right there, could have waited until half with in the 4th but nope.
Hondo Kid::damm pat 4 min of bonner or no blair is the samr thing.  its because splitter is starting now and spurs hoping to somehow turn that into a good? ft% fast break pts?  everybody getting time on the floor.?  you tell me what popovich did right! OK?
Hondo Kid::dam pat have u read the boxscore.  according to your logic, the spurs shot to many 3 pointers or didnt play defense or what&gt; common bro
Patreeky::Its called getting out played, you only lost by 6, and even with Timmys effort without Pop it would have been a blowout
Patreeky::Not only did i read the boxscore, i attended the game, and then watched it again on replay.
Hondo Kid::? we all agree that hack a who ever is good coaching?  not me.    admit its a desperation move that seldom changes the outcome of the game..Period
Patreeky::Well Im off to bed. Poppovich is the best coach in the NBA, when he leaves and the Spurs inevitably slide back into the mediocre team they were before Pop arrived perhaps you will realize that
Patreeky::Its the only reason you guys were in the game at all in the end, the lead was 15 and that immediately brought it down to 8....
Hondo Kid::if it was effective the spurs would have lost by fewer points!
Patreeky::Duncan only played 24 mins against OKC, thats an average of 32 a game for the two. Thats nothing too egregious, even for a veteran. Especially when you have lost 4 of 5 and dont play again until Friday...
Patreeky::sure does, as i just explained in the post you responded to. You guys need to get out of a losing streak and Matt Bonner is not the one to make it happen... Duncan only played 24 minutes in OKC and hes a god damn world class athlete, he can handle 40 minutes of basketball the next night even if he is 35...
Hondo Kid::apparently im to egregious. 1. duncan played 40 min. tonight. 2. he is one of the "old spurs that got sent home to rest etc etc. 3. pop is wishy washy. 4.  on the second night of a back to back he plays more min. than any other spur.  5. especially if bonner only plays 4 min. and 6. bliar is DNP.  make any sense?
Patreeky::hmm, deja vu
Patreeky::Only reason you guys were in it in the 2nd half is because he had the gusto to go to the Hack-a-Shack on Mcgee
Patreeky::I just want to know why you dont like Pop, apparently you dont know that you have the best coach in the NBA...
Hondo Kid::pat from what i can see, you are from colorado and a nuggets fan.  learn to take a compliment.  nuggets won 3 in a rown and beat my spurs and memphis.  respectfully
Hondo Kid::congrats denver.  spurs got beat again.  nugget beat memphis and has a pretty good record considering the played more road games than any other nba team at this point
Hondo Kid::everyone but me.   thinks pop is a great coach?  really.  how hard is it to coach duncan, parker, manu, plus most other spur players have been with team a while... and popovich treats the media.. local and national like he treats spurs fan. like their stupid.. well i have lived in SA for 40 yrs.  he aint that good.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::By the way Pop has hot bounced in the first round before most recent was 2 season.
mksatx::coach karl less talent according to you...  well nugget were somehow  obviously better tonight.!    you  dummy.  i said pop was avg.    pay attention.   you act like you know about the spurs and or coaching?   you made my point for me every time.   lol.   1. talent. 2. coaching. 3 players. So.... two  out of three,  what wins the game?  huh?  seriously  you dont know,  not even a little.
Hondo Kid::pat.  what part of my opinion dont you understand/?  and, or if you disagree make your argument .
Patreeky::I made my opinion in like 10 paragraphs, you just keep saying hes bad and wont tell me who you think is good... except George Karl which is simply ridiculous
Hondo Kid::your arguments are just impeccable...more User ID:http://sportsnation.espn.go.com/fans/patreeky
Patreeky::Haha what is that? It appears to be an empty page about me; so, I know I'm goin out on a limb here trying to get you to explain your actions but... why did you just post this?
Hondo Kid::u ever play basketball?  defend pop in so many words if u like.  disagree and tell me something i dont know
Patreeky::That second sentence is not understandable, but your arguments are just impeccable
Hondo Kid::any more questions about the spurs coaches players or history.?   your so biased u through out some red celtic bill russell nonsense.
Patreeky::So biased that I just trashed my team's coach, Im a Nuggets fan... the celtics references were a reference to your Hondo Kid name, I assumed you were a C's fan
Hondo Kid::hey pat i never said anything about a list of coaches better of worse
Patreeky::I know, I did... if you think  pop is 'avg at best' I want to know who you think is a good coach, apparently George Karl, which as a Nuggets fan I find laughable
Patreeky::Cant agree with that, he knows how to get his team to play good D and created one of the greatest team-first squads ever. No coach wins without good players... see: Phil Jackson
Patreeky::Well firstly, seeing someone play 36 years ago doesnt make them a good coach. And I seem to recall George Karl losing a first round series to the 8th seed Nuggets back in the 90s... something that would never happen to a Pop team. George cant get past the first round without chauncey billups
Hondo Kid::ive seen em all.  and all the ex spur players that coach now in their playing days.  george karl is a better coach.  i saw him play at hemisfair arena back with the spurs in 76"  got it/
Patreeky::Way to completely avoid the question and just restate your opinion sans evidence...
Hondo Kid::pop is avg at best.
Patreeky::Based on the username I'm gunna guess Red Auerbach and Bill Russel as player-coach
Patreeky::No, i was just saying nobody wins without talent, so who exactly is on your list of good coaches...
Hondo Kid::did i say he doesnt have the talent?
Votto4mvp055045::i wish i lived in colorado jus for the tacos
Hondo Kid::bonner played 4 useless min. and blair didnt play at all... wth.  splitter starts now but blair dont get in the game? wth.
Votto4mvp055045::ya i never thought of that wheres blair ? i remember he killed us in the matchup in san antonio
Hondo Kid::spurs going to have to suck it up.  congrats nugget.  why doofus popovich played tim 40 min. on the end of road back to back dont make sense. it totally contradicts what pop has preached.  Doofus pop is confused and should decide if he should be a GM or quit coaching
Patreeky::Yeah but knowing Pop he'll have him sit out the next game, its nothing too egregious
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::That hack-a-Mcgee $h!t was pretty funny,and to those who  say it didnt wrk your wrong.Mcgee didnt play in the 4th which lead to Nuggets play small.
Will Conroy.::Haha I was wondering how Denver got so many Ft's
Patreeky::Infuriating, but either way if it worked out in the end... if nothing else at least it will force him to spend some more time in the gym at the free throw line
Texicano10::lets play match the troll who says pathetic spurts popazit blah blah blah? A.rocket  B. slamk dunk on u C. albino guy
Spurs_Dyansty21::they don't need any more attention smh
jayeteee::Anyway, the Nuggets still make a lot of mistakes, but they do play hard most of the time. Let's see where they're at by the end of January after they get more home cooking. Go Nuggets!!!!
jayeteee::Not for him. He's gotten a lot of the Nuggets money and has played very little in the 2 1/2 years the Nuggets have been associated w/ him.
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::That sux
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Yes wilson Chandler...thank you
Spurs_Dyansty21::I think he had a hip injury or something like that.
Patreeky::sure does
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Naw black guy he was sf had a flat top
Patreeky::Yeah hes on our team supposedly... Im pretty sure he passed away though
Spurs_Dyansty21::Umm, Wilson Chandler?
Patreeky::Lets just hope teams dont take a hint and employ the hack-a-Mcgee...it certainly worked but it got the Nuggs fans going, I was givin Pop the business from row 14
Patreeky::Yeah I also got a good laugh that at half time he clearly just told them to shoot any relatively open three they could find, they were shooting more threes than I can ever remember in an NBA half. Poppovich always has something up his sleave
Spurs_Dyansty21::Patreeky - Haha i was much drunker then, and who doesnt love to just aimlessly yell... He is a crafty one that Pop  That he is lol
Patreeky::Haha i was much drunker then, and who doesnt love to just aimlessly yell... He is a crafty one that Pop
Spurs_Dyansty21::why you still butthurt over that?  lmao
Spurs_Dyansty21::Nah Landry is in Toronto.  And they still have Mozgov if that is who you are referencing.
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Nuggets have a good squad.I thought yall had Landry fields and that other guy from new york cant remember his name.
Spurs_Dyansty21::Yeah, I like their chances.  They are very good team and Iggy gives them a legit shot to win a playoff series or two.  Fun team to watch too.
slam_dunk_on_u::So for some reason I got banned last night because some spurt fans kept flagging my posts but you know it will be hard to actually get rid of me...I'm your worst nightmare spurt fans
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::I dnt do that sh!t...when I say anything negative about D.wade I get banned.Besides your harmless your a closet spur fan.
Spurs_Dyansty21::You get banned because you bring nothing to a discussion.  You just troll.
slam_dunk_on_u::24-hour banning will not cut it
Patreeky::How menacing, I read that last sentence in a Bane voice...
jayeteee::Wow, did a bunch of stuff get deleted?
Patreeky::I dont like their players, but I respect the hell out of their coach and what they've done over the last decade and a half
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Yo slam where's your Phx suns boyfriend at yall make a cute couple.
slam_dunk_on_u::Mods don't like spurt fans...they are too dumb
Spurs_Dyansty21::Spurs fans don't like trolls who come here just to stir sh** up and like their own posts.  Seriously, are you a closet Spurs fan?
Texicano10::yea lol
Juan_Madden::A want to have Duncans baby's
Patreeky::Whose is A and what does he want that belongs to Timmy Duncan's baby?
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::On another note Duncan became the 26th player to make the 23,000 club.
Juan_Madden::Duncan averaged 17 and 10 in last years playoffs everybody acts like he falls off.
Patreeky::Ah I see what your saying, hes certainly clutch, Robinson people questioned but Timmy could always be depended on for a 2 when the Spurs needed it. Most sure fire basket in the NBA in the late 90s, with the possible exception of Shaq
Spurs_Dyansty21::Patreeky - Well in the late 90's early 2000's he was putting up 25 and 15's with ease so its still a dropoff, everyone does a little when they get older  No one should be expecting him to put those numbers up.  People are saying that he drops off after the regular season and that is simply not true.
Patreeky::Well in the late 90's early 2000's he was putting up 25 and 15's with ease so its still a dropoff, everyone does a little when they get older
Spurs_Dyansty21::They are either trolling or don't watch the NBA.
jayeteee::It'll be more impressive if he's(Duncan) doing it more toward the end of the regular season.
Spurs_Dyansty21::Patreeky - Dont see yall winnin without a trade for a C or maybe PF, Timmy and manu cant do it all  I think if Splitter got more playing time, we are fine down low.  Don't forget that we have Parker.
Patreeky::Dont see yall winnin without a trade for a C or maybe PF, Timmy and manu cant do it all
Spurs_Dyansty21::As long as he's doing it in the playoffs, I'm happy.
Patreeky::Im sure he will, especially with the rest Pop will get him...
Patreeky::Yeah Bill Simmons swayed me on that one in the Book of Basketball, besides the obvious ring differential Karl Malone just always seemed to shy away in the biggest moments...
Spurs_Dyansty21::Tonight was the first night in his career that he had that stat line or better in the regular season.  Crazy, how he just keeps getting better!
Spurs_Dyansty21::slam_dunk_on_u - All of that and he lost the game LOL  It's December.  Basketball is a team game, so the loss is on the team, not the individual and certainly not Tim Duncan.
Patreeky::I wouldnt say hes getting better, craftier and more versatile perhaps, but young Tim was just a destructive force. The longevity is more than impressive
slam_dunk_on_u::All of that and he lost the game LOL
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Best PF of all-time no question.  Classy and very humble throughout his career.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::It's very arguable for KG, I think he would of had 3 or 4 as well if he was on the Spurs.
slam_dunk_on_u::Best PF?.....I wouldnt say that...there are others like KG and Malone who IMO are better than the tin man
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::It will always be fk Kobe,Fisher and Shaq and the Lakers but kobe still ballin.
slam_dunk_on_u::So I'm reading on the tweets that the spurts employed the Hack a McGee this time and it back fired?? LOL Cheaters and losers
fallsoversteve::cheating?  ok loser.
Spurs_Dyansty21::The aborigene of Mills?  Dude, you are weird.
Spurs_Dyansty21::slam_dunk_on_u - isn't Mills an australian aborigene?  Yup, it's the way you worded it.  You wouldnt say the Latino of Manu Ginobili.
slam_dunk_on_u::isn't Mills an australian aborigene?
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Patty for Gasol right now
fallsoversteve::mills brought the game back to reasonable reach tonight with those threes...
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Mills is a bum.  No thanks.....
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Mcgee didnt play the whole 4th qtr it wrked
slam_dunk_on_u::It was the aborigene of Mills the one who brought the spurts back not the hacking idiot!
Spurs_Dyansty21::Cheating? Not cheating when it doesn't break any rules.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Hahahahahahaha......  The Spurs wont get the 1 seed, and the Lakers wont see the 8th seed.  Most likely Spurs 2 seed and we see them in the 2nd round.....
Spurs_Dyansty21::KOBE..THE..GLOAT.. - Well, we will see what the rest of the season has in store. GL to the Spurs, hope we can get 1 more series with Kobe and Duncan before they both decide to hang it up...  Well you all could shoot for that 8th seed and we could meet in the first round :p
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Well, we will see what the rest of the season has in store.  GL to the Spurs, hope we can get 1 more series with Kobe and Duncan before they both decide to hang it up...
Spurs_Dyansty21::KOBE..THE..GLOAT.. - The Spurs have been breezing through the last couple of seasons as the top seed in the West, and when the playoffs hit they run out of gas, even though they reached the WCF last season. Yes, I'm a Laker fan, but respect the Spurs and the way they conduct business, even though the Lakers own them in the playoffs.... The Spurs window is bolted shut....  Their window is more open than the Lakers.  You all have much bigger problems than us.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::The Spurs have been breezing through the last couple of seasons as the top seed in the West, and when the playoffs hit they run out of gas, even though they reached the WCF last season. Yes, I'm a Laker fan, but respect the Spurs and the way they conduct business, even though the Lakers own them in the playoffs....  The Spurs window is bolted shut....
Spurs_Dyansty21::KOBE..THE..GLOAT.. - I realize that. The Spurs don't rely on defense anymore, when was the last time the Spurs were averaging over 100 points per game during the Championship years? They will win the 50-60 games again this year, but it wont translate to a Championship, they are all about Offense instead of D.  The odds are stacked against them, no doubt.  But they are certainly one of the 5 or so teams that can win it all.  Not sure why you are already counting them out.  Seem like a typical Laker fan tbh.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::I realize that. The Spurs don't rely on defense anymore, when was the last time the Spurs were averaging over 100 points per game during the Championship years?  They will win the 50-60 games again this year, but it wont translate to a Championship, they are all about Offense instead of D.
Spurs_Dyansty21::KOBE..THE..GLOAT.. - Not cheating. It does show you can't play D and stop the other team. Hahahahahahaha.... And we know the Spurs don't play D anymore, no reason they haven't won since 07, went away form their calling, now they want to outscore you, didn't they learn from the Phoenix team they use to always beat?  It's a great strategy that falls under the rules of the game.  Why not use it?  They are top 10 in the league in defensive efficiency so I don't know where you are going with that.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Not cheating.  It does show you can't play D and stop the other team.  Hahahahahahaha....  And we know the Spurs don't play D anymore, no reason they haven't won since 07, went away from their calling, now they want to outscore you, didn't they learn from the Phoenix team they use to always beat?
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::It was awsome,cant wait to hack a howard.Spurs were down 15 with 9 min left cut it to 3.It wrked
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::It's a cheap tactic, basically it shows you can't play good enough D to stop the other team. I'm very surprised Pops even uses this tactic. SMH!
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::It backfired against the Lakers with Shaq.  You would think would have learned his lesson, I think he has become quite senile in his old age...  Great coach still
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::I hope LA matches up with the Spurs in the 2nd round so we can own them again.
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::You got to make the playoffs first
fallsoversteve::yes the spurs will own the lakers in that scenario.
