Your Romeo!::If not for that stupid foul, they would have loss it in regulation.
Larry::Lance Stephenson, Lance Stephenson, Lance Stephenson, Lance Stephenson, Lance Stephenson, Lance Stephenson, Lance Stephenson, Lance Stephenson, Lance Stephenson, Lance Stephenson, Lance Stephenson, Lance Stephenson, I want some of that.
HIP2CLIP::I thought the Lakers played well and didn't tank in the last 3 minutes like they usually do in close games. They still look like they are slow afoot
Ben™::Cali's second best basketball team is playing next folks from Oakland!... The best basketball team in Cali already won today in Detroit!
Maria::Why don't they fire the coach already?
Rodney::Omigosh!  NBA League Pass is having a free preview until Jan 27.  So all you peons without Prime Ticket can see Clippers games!
Larry::Does everybody else suit up in football pads like myself tackling their recliner? Omaha Omaha
DC::The Chicago Bulls do something very important that the Lakers don't: play defense. It's likely going to be a low-scoring affair. So the most important thing that the Lakers need to do on the defensive end is make sure they rebound the basketball, because Joakim Noah and Carlos Boozer are both excellent rebounders. They are going to create many extra opportunities to score for Chicago since this is not a very high-scoring team. Another key as it is every night is the turnovers. Last night against Toronto the Lakers won largely because they only turned the ball over nine times. Since Chicago is a defensive team, Lakers are going to have to be especially careful with the basketball, and that starts with Kendall Marshall. Three wins in a row would be great, especially on the road, and the Lakers need every one they can get with Miami and Indiana lurking ...
Larry::@Lakers- tough way to lose, but (1) how can you allow a pass like that with less than one second left? (2) Can just imagine what D'Antoni would have "diagrammed" in the same situation? (3) Gasol holds the ball too much , is on the decline and is the reason you lost this game.
DC::I DO NOT like Ryan Kelly starting this game. Look at all the offensive boards the Bulls already gettin. He does not match up well at all with Noah and Boozer.
