Bashue Banks::I just came here to say that the Pistons Suckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Cory Nope::Stick to the video games
Geoff Starling::Mo Cheeks is awful. So are B. Jennings and J. Smith as team leaders and go to guys. They both should have been benched a ton of times for their play, and they should not be the focal point of the team. They should not take a shot in the 4th, but they take them all. They can be good role players, but they are not leaders and Cheeks thinks they are. He'd be so much better off treating Monroe and Drummond as the captains.. and even Stuckey or Singler. Not a smart team because our leaders(Smith and Jennings) are dumb players.
Jon Ripley::Nailed It Geoff! Did you read the Detroit papers today, Jennings truly thinks he is not looking for his shot enough, and that's the Pistons main problem. So he's shooting 27 percent from the field, and he is hogging the ball (Smith also), and THAT is the real problem. Jerebko shoots 50% or more, and he isn't playing much. Jennings is dumb.
Jon Ripley::Coach Cheeks seems dumb also.
Cory Nope::Jon Ripley That actually IS the problem. His offense suffers drastically as he learns the distributors role. It would be great for the team to reacquire Arron Afflalo to help lighten that load.
Taylor Manes::" what the hell stop winning we are supposed to be losing"!!! -Bucks gm  and fans
Cory Nope::its getting awfully roomy on the Piston bandwagon. #michigansportsfansaredelusionalscum
Jake Darin::hashtags don't work in here
NRV 2012 15 National::Jake Darin hastags shouldn't work anywhere
Jake Darin::NRV 2012 15 National Amen to that, brotha.
Michael Kelly::No one's in the crowd, like it's Pistons-Bucks
Jonathon Fryman::I think this is one of those losses that should get the ball rolling on major changes for Detroit. That was pathetic...  a loss to a 7-33 team who had lost 9 straight, was down by 15 with 4 left in the 3rd, and has a roster of guys that would make a bad D-league team. Its sad when you cant even come up with one good option on who should take the last shot, and send game to OT... and it clanks of the side of backboard with the guy you come up with. Terrible, terrible, terrible
Nolan Hughes::12pt lead with 4min left in the 3rd quarter, but wait they're the PISTONS. Then when we need Jennings to step it up like he did the first 3 quarters he goes 0 for 4 and Josh Smith went 0 for 1 with 2 missed FT beginning with a 1pt lead with 5min left in the game. Since the start of the 4th quarter of the Bobcats game over 30 days ago they just haven't been the same.
Charles Gates::Fire Dumars, fire Cheeks and hire a coach like Lionel Hollins. Trade Smith and Jennings for young assets(If they even can).  This team isn't going anywhere anytime soon. Should've kept Knight too, at worst he was a good sixth man.
Sean Cerreta::These teams cant play defense...they have given up on the season, and anything like playing defense is to much work for them to collect their bloated paychecks.
Hank Hoskins::Amen. The whole NBA is the same.
NRV 2012 15 National::Hank Hoskins Only a few coaches can make their players play hard.  It's a joke.  Say what you want to about college athletics....but that's where the passion is!!  That's what I want to watch.
Hank Hoskins::NRV 2012 15 National Agree absolutely. Love college B/ball
Justin Nixon::Hahaha.. Jennings may be wearing a different jersey, but he had a very reminiscent BJen Bucks game, missing all his 4th quarter FG attempts.. so like him
Evan Hollnagel::I hope this time bj7 gets a sincere welcome. he did everything he could with what he had, he just wasn't the right piece for the franchise
Justin Nixon::this sounds like sarcasm
NRV 2012 15 National::Who IS the right piece?
Justin Nixon::NRV 2012 15 National LeBron I guess
Wanda Rodgers::Whoever said that Cheek is awful so is coach drew is a babbling fooling
Cory Nope::Flip Monroe for 3pt shooting. If not- its tank time.
Wanda Rodgers::Your team has Brandon Knight but is stupid
Wanda Rodgers::Thanks mil Bucks for cheating on us
Brent B Jacoby::jennings regaining his SWAG
Cory Nope::You mean- hes not having to play primary ball distributor?
Mike Williams::bj having a game #work
William Hagness::Just lose Bucks!
Andrew Kreklow::lol
