HERD-ON::I was expecting another year like last year for Cleveland; however this team continues to surprise me, Irving especially. He's not the physical freak that James is, but he's got the finness and def the desire to be the clutch shot taker. Imagine if the Cavs still had Mo or Z in his prime. I think if they can get a few more pieces and build a team that plays as a team, they can be legit.
flybye23::losing to the Cavs, lmao !!!  almost the same record as them, lmao !!!  under .500 record !!!   celtics and theor fans have become irrelevant which is great since their core team is still together.   loving it  :)
sa330206::Cavs aren't as bad as you think.
pottttts::Go Cavs!!
Ryan_Hollins::I demand more playing time! If we are going to become title contenders this year we must put me in the game.
sa330206::If you pay me $20 I'll take your autograph!
dmarz7588::I am a C's fan but this loss really ticks me off. Just when I thought the C's turned the corner on the season they do something stupid like this. I am so tired of watching this team fail on a consistent basis &amp; not execute like they should. They are lazy &amp; cannot close out games with the lead. This has been a problem for a while &amp; I'm sick of it. It's gettin to the point that I don't even want to watch their lameness anymore. Please Mr. Ainge, we need a reboot. I know it will be ugly the rest of the year but it can't be any worse than it is now because clearly we are not going to make any kind of championship run so put us out of our misery. At least this way, we already expect to lose instead of right now hoping to win &amp; be disappointed as usual.
KungFuHustle1981::I hate to say it but you are right, lasts night loss was stupid and careless, which pretty much sums up our season so far.
jbarker311::Great win for the cavs....Irving is the real deal!
Luck Be A Brady::C's came very close to having a winning record but Cavs were just too good.
stop the duck::garnett with a good fantasy game for me :)
Birdmann._.::Cavs will never win a ring
pb367006::Yeah I can't believe Gilbert missed all those game winners in the playoffs the past couple of years
Hank5117::Owner*
nba is the worst::Well, they are at a huge disadvantage being in Cle - but "never" isn't factual...
chefcoolness11::yeah he sounds like a real jerk to me
1mproperDancing::Yes, it's terrible for a team to have a billionaire owner who is completely willing to spend his money on the team, invest in the community despite the fact that he isn't from the city, and wants to put a winning product on the court.  How awful.
Hank5117::No they are at a huge disadvantage by having Gilbert as a manager..
bannerinboston::how celtics can become dynasty  trade paul pierce, ray allen and jujuan johnson for monta ellis and 1st round pick  trade two of the first rounds picks for 1 selection. draft anthony davis sign dwight howard resign jeff green sign chauncey(or andre miller), kevin garnett, robin lopez to minimum deals draft jeremy lamb with other first round pick resign pietrus to veterans minimum draft sf in 2nd round pg- rondo/ chauncey/ avery bradley sg- monta/ jeremy lamb/ etwaune moore sf- jeff green/ pietrus/ whoever 2nd round draft pick is pf- anthony davis/ kevin garnett/ brandon bass c- dwight howard/ robin lopez/ greg stiesma  reason for the warriors in the trade: Warriors cannot win with both curry and monta. Ray allen and paul pierce makes them instant contenders. Imagine steph curry being tutored by ray allen. David lee can help develop jujuan johnson. They are very similar players. Both are hard workers drafted in late first round  the estimated salary of this total team is 71 millions which is less than many teams
ACandOJ::Cocaine is a helluva drug.....
t-roy_jenkins::lmao , are you kidding me?  thats alot of wishful thinking
bannerinboston::we get a first rounder in that deal.  Pietrus is on a minimum deal now.  A vet's minimus deal is around 3 million
Dwayne_Johnson23::My bad, I misread.  Good work
Dwayne_Johnson23::You've clearly done your work on coming up with this . . . just one question.  Does it really take Pierce, Ray, AND a first rounder to get Monta?  Plus there's no way Pietrus resigns for the minimum, or KG
mjoskar::Reading these post you would think the Cavs have beaten one team with a winning record. Nope.
1mproperDancing::The Cavs are obviously lottery-bound (I hope...it would be disastrous for this rebuilding team to sneak into the playoffs already), but Irving is already looking like a better point guard prospect than anyone made him out to be before the season, and he's playing significantly more effeciently than a lot of his veteran contemporaries.
dido24::Yes, you really read those posts right...everybody hear is declaring the Cavs a juggernaught.   Why is it NOT OK to give an extremely young team with an exciting rookie PG any props for beating a veteran team on their court? 12-0 run to end it keyed by Irving's brilliant drive and lay-in, not noteworthy at all I guess.
cajunriptide::The cavs won a game wooowwwww. There owner knew his team was going to suck so he made shure N.O. couldnt better thereselves with his wineing and crying about fairness with where players go. Funny thing is he tried to get the big three and failed if he had you wouldnt have heard a peep out of him about the cp3 trade to the lackers.
Chris287907::sounds like you need a better education
Euro-Hoops::ugh what?
NotEvenMad::Celtics aren't making it to the play-offs this year..
mark35345::The Celtics don't count this year
jayroberts59::way better driver than john wall and better shooter than derrick rose.
wusaga::Irving &gt; John Wall
jayroberts59::Everybody here knows lebron would have missed that shot he probably would have held the ball longer and jack up a three because he is not clutch. Kyrie is more clutch than lebron and he is 19.
gpovt::C'mon, LeGone wouldn't have missed the last shot. He would never have taken it. He would have passed it to some has been in the corner and then explained how he's a team player.
Unbiasedfan83::Sit down with ur stupidity.
sinatrascue::celtics still playing in the nba? lol
rosstheboss42::yeah with 17 titles what kind of joke is that?
ACandOJ::Other than the fact that 90% of the people on the boards weren't alive when they won most of the titles....4 of their titles in the last 30+ years.  Same as the Spurs....one more than the Pistons
ACandOJ::Where is Old Head Red &amp; his replica Pierce jersey at today?? He is always yapping in his special Mushmouth language when other teams lose...yet his C's are under .500 &amp; only .500 at home.  Lost at home to the Cavs???? C'mon Man!!!
KungFuHustle1981::What a careless stupid loss.
26Stanley::Boston will finish 21-45
NastyPatriot::I love HOOPS....  I love it when the big tall guys wear short shorts.....   I remember when mchale and the chief pranced around in those short things.... It made me feel strange inside.... any one else...??   PS: Went to a game once in the 80's ... Saw Larry's left ball!
barnostormer1::chief's snake head used to hang out the bottom of his
raven.5200::Too funny.
1433paul::there we go irving you finally done something
i liked this comment::damn i think i missed the nfl all-stars game..............crap!
muffinmanman1::cavs suck lol
anujshah9696::U SUCK AND Y THE "LOL"
i liked this comment::u so funni
CandySparker::Cheers Dr. K !
Heat_Fins_Marlins_Canes::I really, really hope its the Heat and Cavs first round in the playoffs haha!
sugarglyder::LeBron will make a great Pippen for Kyrie Irving.  haha!
Theclekid89::Criami Cheat fans... Established 2011
Heat_Fins_Marlins_Canes::cheat? haha!  lol so the heat "cheated" by picking up a free agent? haha typical cleveland fans...
Heat_Fins_Marlins_Canes::haha, nice try, but this isn't cleveland...
Euro-Hoops::No, it is the state where they base the History Channel show, Swamp People, who wouldn't want to surround themselves with Floridians for as long as possible?
sugarglyder::LeBron's going to opt out of his contract after next season. haha!
badger972::Greg's 2 rb(inc. 1 orb), 1ass, and 1steal for 5 min is not bad. Keep working and making money there. I'll root for you.
sugarglyder::So who's ROY so far?  Rubio?
taa2008::Not so sure it is slight.  Kevin Love and Michael Beasley are better than everyone on the Cavs roster, so the argument exists that his play is skewed by having better teammates.  Although you could argue that because Kyrie is the go-to guy on his team, that he gets a disproportionate amount of shots (especially late in games).  Being the guy tends to be a big plus by the people voting for these things, though.
Dogeater878::Irving isn't even taking that many shots. He's being efficient at the one's he's taking.
Dworm84::You know they going to find any way thay can to give ROY to Rubio. The media has been slobbing his knob ever since he got drafted.
sugarglyder::By the slightest of margins?
cphtcpht::kyrie irving
ApprenticeOfPurpleJesus::Reason one why David West went to the Pacers
i liked this comment::boston is going the way of detroit..........
401MacK::No Boston is doing pretty well. Decent economy and housing market, about average crime statistics. Oh wait you were talking about basketball? I disagree with that as well.
falseprophet2012::this was a tough loss, but I have seen a lot of improvement on offense and overall team chemistry in the last week. If this team stays healthy enough and get a seven or eight seed, they can do damage in the playoffs. I think their remaining schedule will make it hard to get higher then that though.  GO CELTICS!!!!
Magnificent Basterd::ROFL, the only damage the Celtics might do in the playoffs is by injuring someone.
Kobelies247::Thats kinda weird dont you think?
falseprophet2012::I just lost to the Cavs? Wasn't aware I was on the Celtics you freaking moron. go crawl back into your troll cave.
i liked this comment::lol
Kobelies247::you just lost to the CAVS! PLayoffs? HAHAHAHAH!!   FAIL!
Hank5117::Idiot
RayKrebbs1978::Go Cavs.  Great job tonight.  Get it done on Tuesday.  Check this out - http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_20
looneybiz::Cavs need to unload Jamison in the worst way. I can't believe Coach Scott gives him so many minutes with the crappy D he plays. He pretty much single handedly lost the series with Boston 2 years ago. He cant guard PF and he cant guard SF. Tweeners have no place with DF minded teams. He needs to head to the Suns, Knicks, or some other run and gun team.
taa2008::Problem is, he has nights like this, but will then turn around and have a night where he goes 10/13 with 7 boards 5 assists and be the sole reason Cleveland is in a game.  Plus, there is no way a team is taking on his contract.  I think it is an indictment on the rest of the team where Jamison _and_ Parker start.
i liked this comment::.
i liked this comment::i would like this twice if i could..........
jim_cash1021::alonso Gee is for real. He will be a starter by next season. I cant believe how much he has improved.
brothaman7::awww wut happened celtics?
autigers1989::As for the remark about Pierce's complaint. Most basketball players have to get into a rhythm of the game especially veteran players.  You can't expect a veteran like Pual Pierce to remain on the bench, get cold, and come off the bench with 3:45 with a feel for the game.  That Noc is on Doc!!! By the way has Doc Rivers ever one an NBA championship as a player? He got away with as a coach once because his talent, youth, and player leadership covered for his coaching and personnel changes.  Now that he has to coach and manage players assets his weaknesses are showing.  Wake up Celtics and allow the veterans to play their guts out so they can leave the game with everything left on the floor.  Start using the youth to support the veterans, you know like Larry Bird did when he tried to get the most out of everyone he played with.  You know the old saying make them better players than they actually are.
autigers1989::Here is an idea. Fire Doc Rivers.  The Celtics have been under performing and loosing leads in the fourth quarter for at least the past three years.  Yeah the Big Three are old but why is Paul Pierce on the bench until 3:45 left in the fourth quarter.  Too often I have seen the Celtics sit back and try to avoid loosing the game instead of pressing down on the accelerator and finishing the game.  The big three have been victimized by poor player management. The Celtics young talent has shown a lot of potential the past 4 games and the team has looked better and more determined.  The big three have not appeared tired and run down but instead happy.  Paul Pierce was elated over the comeback victory in Orlando that was lead by outstanding, relentless, second half defense.  Yet Rivers holds the youth out as opposed to developing them by integrating them alongside the experienced veterans. If you draft them learn to play them. That will protect your veterans.  If the Celtics keep holding out the youth they will still be rebuilding from scratch after the big three are gone with a bunch of serviceable talent with absolutely no playing experience.  There are young players in the NBA that would give their arm and leg to learn under the greatness of Allen, Pierce, and Garnett. But they can't do it from the bench.  Let's all stop blaming the outstanding talents left in the big three and start pointing the finger at the person who is responsible for helping the younger talent develop and contribute to the team. More so than just collecting a big check and warming the pine.  There is still hope but the C's need to use nearly everyone on the bench every game and wear the younger and more talented teams out.
SomeGuySays::Taking a look at Irving's splits and it is interesting:  Better on the road than at home so far.  Better on 1 day rest and falls off significantly on 0 day rest.  Maybe you can read into it that he still doesn't have his legs yet and limiting his time on some days is not a bad idea.  Of course, hard to read anything into it with the season only 19 games in.  One thing for sure:  50% fg / 40% 3p / 81% ft is pretty darn good for a rookie point guard 19 games into his career.  Take out the December games and he's playing better than that.  Exciting!
CTownHiLo::Dude - BScott is gonna wring out every ounce of potential in this kid. He did it with Kidd in jersey. Just sit back and enjoy the show cause this kid is gonna be special.
SomeGuySays::Another thought ... nice to see he's not sitting on the perimeter hoisting up 3s ... he's driving and creating opportunities.  40% 3p is pretty darn good but he doesn't have many attempts per game.  He may never have Nash/Stockton/Kidd assist numbers but I expect them to go up as he grows more comfortable with the defenses thrown at him and with his team.  Getting some more reliable teammates would help too, lol!  See a lot of should have been assists out there, especially by Jamison.
Kobelies247::Well this sure was the LOSER game of the night huh? I wonder if anybody actually watched!
convolutedthought::haha gj cavs irving is good
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Thank you for taking time with that comment. Glad to know the 'loser' game of the night was all on your mind.
BuckeyeheadKyle::Wow, we need a Center and Shooting Guard. Parker didn't make a single shot and a Center didn't even play for us.
batarilo1::somebody didnt watch the game
Rengel12::Cause Parker left in the 1st with a back injury haha
CLEVELANDCBI::Paul Pierce takes a shot at Doc Rivers with that "Maybe I should have played more" line.  I'd bench his $@% for that.  Celtics enter 4th quarter up by EIGHT.  Pierce gets long rest and enters with Celtics up EIGHT.  He then leads team turning into chokefest in the last 4 minutes he's in.  Classy guy.  I have nothing against the Celtics, but Pierce and Garnett turn my stomach.  Pierce for the whining, and Garnett for being an all around clown that only picks on PG's and ballboys.  Always loved Allen.
Carslon12::Wow Cleveland absolutely PWNS Boston lately....Browns dismantle and embarass the Pats, THe tribe works over the dirty Red Sox in the season series, and NOW the Cavs rule you too....
CTownHiLo::here's an idea - go look at you fireplace mantle and count the championship trophies there and then come back and tell us how many...
3.for.dale::how many champs u got compared to us? go home.
mhballer24::I can't believe the Cavs sent Luke Harangody to the d-league.... now we have no one to match up against brian scalabrine ...i feel like we're getting caught with our pants down now
Hank5117::You do realize scalabrine is on the bulls now ya?
BuckeyeheadKyle::woohoo go Cleveland, maybe they'll make the playoffs next year. Draft Terrance Ross from Washington.
BuckeyeheadKyle::I don't think so.
buffalotdx::Ross will be around another season.
SpikeLeeHeartsNY::just seen shaun white on espn in the snowboarding im not really into x games but taht dude is sick he just got the first ever perfect score
SpikeLeeHeartsNY::kinda killed kyries chance for top play of the day haha
BuckeyeheadKyle::ankle I believe.
Joeschmo loves Heat::With a busted leg or something too.
Luclongley_MVP::And back to sub .500 record for the Celtics.  Right where they belong.
andehhhhhhh::Right. They're all in the NBA for a reason. They can all ball.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Dude. No one "belongs" anywhere unless they're play justifies it.
andehhhhhhh::^idiot. Clearly you didn't watch their last 4 games, or the first 46 minutes of this one.
1mproperDancing::The first 46 minutes don't mean much if you lose the game in the last two.  Just ask LeBron.
Joeschmo loves Heat::Tough game for the Celts to swallow. Loss at home after blowing an 11 point lead without scoring a single point at the end. Ouch.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::There's a joke involving "swallow" and "blowing" in there, but I just can't seal the deal. That's okay, the mods wouldn't let me keep it up anyway.
Joeschmo loves Heat::You know what they say about mods and swallowing.
TeamCleveland381::I'm glad that Kyrie got a chance to take the game winning shot
fatemusthide::reeeealy now
darealtexasboi::to the person above me you act like he is the devil or somethin
fatemusthide::It's funny... My wife HATES that dribbling down the clock business after the 7 years of "he who could never seal the deal". She's sighing "heeeere we go again" and I'm like "nooo, it's different now". It was a nervous situation before, with Kyrie there's a certain confidence because of how well he creates his own shot. I'm watching him dribble in rhythm and somehow knew he was going to do something filthy. SO much fun to watch this kid...
KingGeorge53::at 22.3 seconds;    Kyrie has the ball just past the timeline.   He dribbles each second as if in perfect timing with the clock while he tells the Boston pg, "I'm going to fake left and go right, twist around KG and bounce of Bass while I throw the Hammer down."
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Instead of positions, I've been thinking more wholistically about the roles a team needs to win a game and in terms of what roles need to be played better.
fatemusthide::lol I just start yelling at the TV - "MOVE!" My wife loves gameday.
KingGeorge53::My biggest peeve is when they stand around on O.     It's like you can read their minds;   either  "I'm too tired to move" or "does anyone know what that play is?"  I get frothing at the mouth when they throw the ball down in the corner to one of the bigs and no one moves or cuts.
fatemusthide::Terrible is not even the word for it. Its been hard not to throw things at the TV lately. lol
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::For instance...our shooting's been terrible lately. Doesn't matter what position you have, if the shooters can't put the ball into the basket...
