ThiscantbeAwesomebeast222::Just like every cowboy sings his sad, sad song, Derrick Rose has it's thorn.
mdtuzo::I was so hammered last night i couldn't believe we won! Go nets baby!!!!!! Cant wait till lopezz comes back so we can smash more teams
CyBuck1::"Na na na na na.  We're in first place losers." - 2011 Yankee and Philly fans.  "We're defending SuperBowl Champs.  15-1 led by MVP to be Aaron Rodgers.  We're ROLLING everyone in the league." - 2011 Packer fans.  Being in first place by one game with 2+ months left in the season means NOTHING.  Ask the St. Louis Cardinals and NY Giants.
boudz::The best team always wins it all. Sometimes they dont play well in the regular season and sneak in. Regular/Postseason are not even close.
Jaguarcrazyboy::It really doesn't. Rankings don't matter until the finals. No reason to get caught up in rankings. I think home court advanance doesn't matter as much either. Bulls beat LA in 91 without home court advantage.
Lebron James is CLUTCH the HATERS will HATE::LMAO what an embarrassing display......I can't wait to see LEBRON AND THE HEAT show the Bulls what it's really like to GET ROLLED!
Lebron23J23::To bring up hypocrisy, you lebron haters are the ones who always say only rings matter when saying who the best player is. So yes, the heat whooped the bulls in the playoffs, thats all that matters. Youre currently 2nd best team in the east behind the heat, get used to it until the bulls beat the heat in the playoffs. Plain and simple
IlliniDave68::I don't hate LeBron.  That would imply that I fear him.
juice887::thats all Bulls fans know how to say.."ohh the bucks".. shut up already!  why bring up another team, all we say is remember ECF!!
Nanrad_91::Yeah, they do say it means nothing, and then bring up the past to justify their "greatness". Or they will say regular season games don't matter, it is all about the playoffs. Or, the most recent one, "You lost to the Nets--the NETS." But, the Bucks are only 3 games better than the Nets. lol
IlliniDave68::*SHRUG*  "ECF! ECF!" or "0-5 0-5" is all the Miami bandwagoners know how to say. Shut up already! Why bring up the past when you get on us for doing it?  Hypocrites.
CyBuck1::Heat have yet to roll the Bulls.  5-4 vs them last 9 games, with point diff being 0.  The only blowout was game 1 ECF when Bulls won by 26.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Lol, a heat fan. Remember the bucks?
boom.shaka::Sucks for Rose....I feel for the guy.  I know from personal experience your back gets "manageable" but it never gets "better".  Hopefully, he'll be able to play for another 7-10 years but I hate to say he could have a career cut short.
ilovedaheat::they also hate the pacers because they finally got some competition in their division.............GO PACERS AND HEAT
boudz::Heat fan = Ratard
Jaguarcrazyboy::Pacers have always been our rival.
ilovedaheat::beat hawks and orlando thats it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jaywashing::They took a huge $@%! on the Clippers. And--go figure--the Bulls were rocking their full lineup for that game.
ilovedaheat::Bulls are a pretty good team but look at their schedule...... tell me more than one good team they have beat... correct me if im wrong
TheRealHarding::Clippers, Hawks, Lakers, Magic, Knicks...
Jaguarcrazyboy::LOL. Heat fans and their knowledge.
MetropolitanFan::Looks like the Bulls have a ch.ink in their armor folks
joe the boss 63::Forget Lin,    remember HUMPHRIES
Cubs Apologist::So the Nets have 9 wins now 6 of them on the road?  How sad is that?
harvardandchicagobulls::Bad game by the Bulls. Everyone has a bad game. Also Roseless and Ripless. Take out Lebum and bosh thats how it is for the bulls. Yes they are deep, But they didnt have a good game. AND bulls have King James, Sorry Heat "fans". Oh wait, No I'm not sorry.
P PALMER::Sorry we have played a game without LeBron and Wade, (never made any excuses) and we won against a winning team, Atlanta when they we at their best.
giangir::Wait you are crying about rip?  I mean Rose I understand, but did you just equate Bosh to Rip?  Rip has not played anywhere close to a full season in the last 4 years.  Also you are counting on a 34 year old Rip to be your starting SG and the addition that puts the Bulls over the Heat in this year's playoffs then you are delusional.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Bad game by the Bulls. Nets came out from the beginning and blew us away. Good win by Nets.
4thQuar7er::Whuddya know?  Brian Scalabrine-not 1 minute played.
cortzone::Wow rolled up in your crib by the Netties. Without D.Rose, you look alot more like "The Bells" than da bulls. And they aint ringing either. Way to show guts and heart when your leader is out. Ginobli has been out for the past dozen games and the Spurs have won 9 in a row. Better get your boy back or not only would you be a first round out, they may not even invite you period regardless of your record... BOOZER!!!
Lomax66::Lin-Sane in the membrane!....................................Lin-Sane in the braaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaain!
nba is the worst::Note - wrong board
FranklinStrut::Blip on a screen of greatness. Bulls rule.
wolvesfansblow::bandwagon bulls fans are queers
Chi Town Stand Up::The Bulls have been top 3 in attendance 15 years straight... So I'm guessing you've seen like two...
FranklinStrut::Maybe 1.
KingofMiami30::well its offical..   NBA STANDINGS  1. HEAT 2. BULLS LMAO
Lomax66::1. Heat 2. Nets
IlliniDave68::What's up, Bojangles?
drftw42134::Thats better
mccoywajmu::you feel better?
dogs::It's sad how stupid Miami fans are just look at "juice.'' Dumbest idiot on the planet
Jubin3567::would you two just get a room already
juice887::"minus degree weather yea.  but that now what we were talking about!
Jubin3567::a) -40 is colder than -26  b) Minnesota does suck. Besides the bud and huge mall, they really don't have much going for them.
juice887::just keep reading the comments below.. if u want to laugh.
juice887::whats the capital of Minnesota???  nobody gives a f.u.c.k.
dogs::St Paul. Of course you wouldn't know uneducated idiot
dogs::PROVES MY POINT ABOVE HAHA!
juice887::ST paul =  nobody gives a f.u.c.k.
dogs::<b><i> CHICAGO &gt; MIAMI</i></b>
KingofMiami30::last 6 games heat 5  bulls 1  but its always good to dream
Oxfordian Theory::When is the last time our Bulls beat Miami though?  It's been a while, unfortunately...
Giggity.iggity::Wow, Kris Humphries.  He's been playing well lately.
ONEVOICE18::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NuYVTQfYQo   watch what espn did about jeremy lin..sigh
nba is the worst::flagged (gay bs, nothing to do with lin)
juice887::Feel free to come to Miami on ur next winter.. we love taxing out of towners.  HEAT #1
ONEVOICE18::GO TO LENOX SQUARE..
dogs::<b><i> CHICAGO &gt; MIAMI</i></b>
dogs::i used to live there moron..
juice887::ur not even from chicago!! wow.. it amazes me how wack u are
CyBuck1::My winter vacation destination is Phoenix.
juice887::i figured you would shut the F up after this one... peace out dork.
juice887::it goes up for WARMER u moron!!!!!
juice887::oh my god.. ur a f.u.c.k.i.n.g idiot.  take a break from eating dick and go to weather site.  so water boils at what? 20 degrees??  ur  so dumb
dogs::IT GOES DOWN FOR WARMER IDIOT HAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!
juice887::WOW.. not negative 40.. u $@%!.. unless u live in antartic!!  idiot!!!!!!!!!
juice887::oh yea? other way around?  are u sure?
dogs::it would be lows -40 highs -26 duh duh duh duh stupid uneducated dropout
juice887::oh yea?? other way around?  u sure?
juice887::Miami 60 and 86.. im out of here.. this is just to easy.  Basketball we can compare.. cities, not so much.  Peace out
dogs::Other way around.. idiot
juice887::LOL.. yea right.  today's average in minnesota  lows- 26  highs -40.. LOL..
dogs::yea you can go to MOA too
CyBuck1::I do.  Have family there.  Golf.
dogs::ya 70-80 degrees its awesome
CyBuck1::MN during the Summer.
dogs::come to minnesota we got everything
juice887::Phoenix?  LMAO.  have fun.
dogs::<b><i> Trash &gt; Miami</i></b>
CyBuck1::I'm out.  Play nice hoops fans.
dogs::Ignore Juice he is lonely and has no life or friends
ONEVOICE18::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NuYVTQfYQo   watch what espn did about jeremy lin..sigh
juice887::and u like ur own comments!
juice887::LOL.. damn ur corny
dogs::<b><i> Trash &gt; Miami</i></b>
juice887::did u just unlike ur own comment??  wow.. ur pathetic.
dogs::Shut up no one cares about you pathetic losers in Miami
ONEVOICE18::NO FIGHTING PLEASE..
juice887::im not the only one!!  ur from minnesota..  u have no right to have an opinion.
dogs::Who are you to be talking? Idiot heat fans
CyBuck1::I wanna know who the (bleep) was guarding Humphries this afternoon?  How do you let that guy drop 24 points on you?  I guess not having Kim K around has given him a new lease on life.
jrtall3n7::he's been doing this long before kim k came around
CyBuck1::Boozer is stealing $$ from the Bulls.  I'd rather see Taj start.
ONEVOICE18::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NuYVTQfYQo   watch what espn did about jeremy lin..sigh
juice887::that guy balls.. he always puts up crazy rebound number.  dont know about scoring 24 though.  i like Noah a little bit.  Boozer is wack.
juice887::you are a dick eater for sure.
dogs::shut up
dogs::@chicago Minnesota and Chicago should team up on the heat fans
ONEVOICE18::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NuYVTQfYQo   watch what espn did about jeremy lin..sigh
juice887::Minnesota??  who the f.uck lives there?  WOW.. ur just a dick riding f.aggot.
dogs::Miami fans of course
markos kolioulis::remember before last year when noone went to heat games, their fans are horrible miami is the worst sports city ever
juice887::not me buddy.. been fan since 92.. got alonzo mourning basketball cards and t hardaway plaques.  just cus people dont go to games doesnt mean theyre not fans.  We have beaches, parties and women here.  you guys have snow, so ur stuck eating up sports all year long.  sorrry for you.
juice887::guarantee you more tourist go to Miami than Chicago.
CyBuck1::No snow this year!
juice887::i can tell uve never been here.
markos kolioulis::id rather die then live in miami place is a sh.ithole
IlliniDave68::Total anomaly.   Bulls will bounce back and WHIP Atlanta, Monday!
juice887::only thing good about chicago is... Dwyane Wade.
juice887::cant wait to see the bulls and heat play again.  It was nice watching Drose tear up at the end of game.
juice887::agree.
CyBuck1::I'm not debating that the Heat beat the Bulls in last year's ECF.  Bulls actually didn't play well vs Indiana or Atlanta before playing the Heat.  But aside from the Bulls game 1 blowout win, the other games were close till the end.  DRose was basically playing 1 vs 3 because other guys weren't stepping up.  It will be an uphill battle for them, but it's not impossible.
juice887::no no buddy.  We lost to the bucks in 2 regular season games and then we worked them on the 3rd one.  The Heat beat the bulls in ECF.. BIG Difference.  Heat are blowing teams out lately.  I agree with one thing, the only team that can beat the Heat are the Bulls, but not without Drose.  Drose best pg in league.  Lebron best player in league.
CyBuck1::That's like saying the Heat can't beat the Bucks.  Be realistic.  Last nine games point differential is 0.  Healthy Bulls have the best chance of beating Miami then any other EC team.  Wether that happens or not, we won't know for another 2+ months.  A lot can happen in that time.
juice887::oh yea?  was that after we beat the bulls in the ECF.  When Lebron made drose look like a mediocre player?  I do respect Drose, but the rest of the bulls are sorry.  You guys depend on Luol Deng, give me a break!! Even Bosh was dogging Cboozer.  All kidding aside, you guys cant beat the HEAT.
CyBuck1::Like the entire Miami team balled their eyes out last year?
juice887::no they wont.
IlliniDave68::Keep dreaming.
chi_itbrothers::see the bulls should trade for howard...just saying
ONEVOICE18::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NuYVTQfYQo
juice887::guess who is in first place in the east and in th league??  yup.. the HEATTTT!!!
sam cassel is ET::why is everytime carlos "rubber head" boozer makes a bucket, he goes back on D talking some random sh*t to anybody?
juice887::OKC scares me more than the one dimensional bulls.
IlliniDave68::It's not the Heat board, either, then.  Is it?
IlliniDave68::Rip Hamilton? Luol Deng? CJ Watson?  Those names ringing any bells with you?
George Pa::Drunk?  Mentally disturbed?  Definitely a moron, though.   Get over yourself.
George Pa::This is an ESPN discussion post referencing the Bulls vs. Nets game.   This is NOT the "Bulls board."   Geez.
markos kolioulis::i wish i saw you at a bar id beat the ever loving s.hit out of you
markos kolioulis::your the one on a bulls board you dumb little f.aggot
George Pa::As was pointed out earlier, the Bulls are only 7-6 against teams with a record above .500.    18-2 against teams with records below .500.   They have had an exceptionally easy schedule so far, with more than 60% of their games against sub-500 teams.   They didn't make their schedule, but as their are actually 16 teams in the NBA with records above .500 and 14 without they haven't really gotten to the true tests in their schedule to the same extent the Heat have (Heat record is 13-4 against teams with winning records.)
juice887::and then we whooped them, just like we whooped on ur team's p.ussy $@%!  Best team in league hater.
markos kolioulis::and you lost to the bucks twice f.aggot
juice887::The only real injuries you guys have had is Drose.  the rest of your team sucks.  you guys lost to the nets today!!  idiot!
IlliniDave68::One dimensional teams don't get to 25-8 with the injuries the Bulls have had, dummy.  Nice try, though.
CyBuck1::That's what Yankee and Philly fans were saying last Summer.  As were Packer fans last Fall.
IlliniDave68::You care. Otherwise, you wouldn't be here.
George Pa::f.aggy 3?  What are you, 8 years old?
markos kolioulis::heat fans have no loyalty, where were you guys before the f.aggy 3 showed up oh yeah 16th in the league in attendance
juice887::its just to save u guys some time.  but, guess who doesnt care? me
IlliniDave68::You always answer your own questions?
juice887::yea. if you say so.. Were still in first place!!  Besides that, do u think the bulls can beat the Heat in a 7 game series?  i dont either!
ONEVOICE18::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NuYVTQfYQo
CyBuck1::Looks like I missed out on all the fun tonight.  Was listening to the game while driving to my kids hoop game today.  Obviously didn't miss much.  Not really concerned (yet) at this point.  If they are playing like this two months from now heading toward the playoffs, then it will be a problem.  I'm sure half way through the baseball season Philly fans thought they were a lock to win the World Series, while Cardinal fans weren't, while Packer fans thought coming off their SuperBowl win, 15-1 season, and MVP AR was going to lead them to another SB win.  Doesn't always happen that way.
ONEVOICE18::Lenox Square Mall is the best mall to find CUTE GIRLS...TRUE OR FALSE???.. im coming over this weekend
aduysbv::You were asking that on another ESPN board. Shut the $@%! up.
fliptide..::It would be amusing if he werent broke and fugly
Uncle Happy is from NYC::Contract the Nets, please.   The tri-state area belongs to the Knicks.
bronxbombers1215::the last decade begs to differ
big_lo510slab@yahoo.com::way to go nets ..ima laker fan but hey a sucky team came out wit a win all right !!!
Jai22T::what a bad L
Gogoberrymix6:::)
IlliniDave68::^ http://fansided.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/07/rickygimp-copy.jpg ^
RI8810::Nets had the game of the year. Next time they play the Bulls it wont be the same result. Should the Bulls be worried come playoff time I think not. Bulls with D Rose will shut down Williams and the score will be 100-75
drftw42134::You can say that the next time we play if you are winning by 25 by the end of regulation
crimson-knights123::Now that it has cooled down here, I would like to say good game Bulls! Finally done with the losing streak and am hoping a winning streak is started.
surfzone365::Good game for the Nets. They wanted this game more and certainly played like it.  No excuses, we got our as$e$ kicked today. I wish you guys the best of luck. Go Bulls
fliptide..::How.The Hell Do you lose to the NETS at  home???
sam cassel is ET::carlos boozer's head is made of rubber.
jkool216::still shouldve beat them... nets didnt have brook lopez..  defensively, chicago is a better team without rose.. and they still allowed 97 pts...
NBA_refs_are_weak::deron williams is on the nets lol. that alone gives them a fighters chance to win any game. its professional sports, have an elite PG,  have some guys around him play really really well, like kris humphries, catch the bulls without their best player and boom. a win at home. that'll happen, move along
Munger88::No Derrick Rose. Omer Asik and Joakim Noah both combined for 0 points. Leading scorer was Mike James. It's pretty clear to see.
drftw42134::Came back and I was listening it on the radio. When I heard that play that the Nets missed like 4 times and Brooks made it in, it pretty much sealed the deal. Very proud of how we played. But not going to talk smack despite many Bulls fans talking earlier that Nets are $@%!. Now it is time to prepare for the game against the Bucks tomorrow. Nets get some rest and get over this victory. A win is a win
bronxbombers1215::and we'll have Big Disney back!
ScalabrineSwag::Lol SNL owned Jeremy Lin
HeatIsBeastOfEast::All-Star Dung looked impressive this evening..............
ScalabrineSwag::Cool story. Everyone has off nights.
KingGeorge53::congrats to the Nets and their fans for an impressive road win
areddy22::Any chance of Howard being dealt to the Bulls before the trade deadline?
Munger88::he'll go to nets or lakers, or stay in orlando
bronxbombers1215::the Bulls definitely don't want to dismantle the team they have now
bronxbombers1215::it's much more simple than "wanting" something. every team wants Dwight
areddy22::They know they can't get past the Heat with their current squad. Imagine the defensive juggernaut the Bulls would be with Dwight.
HeatIsBeastOfEast::No, he wants to play on a contender in the West, He does not want to compete vs Miami.
areddy22::Are u serious? You think he wants to go to the Clips?
HeatIsBeastOfEast::Clippers
bronxbombers1215::actually, he has outright said that he wants to be traded to the Nets
areddy22::Dallas? LAL?
HeatIsBeastOfEast::Humphries dogged Noah..............
bronxbombers1215::he usually owns Griffin when they play too. dude is flat out underrated and will get a big payday next summer
bronxbombers1215::it's just a shame that it can't happen.  i've run through the numbers a bunch of times, and even if Dwight goes to NJ (Brooklyn) in free agency, it's almost impossible to get him without renouncing Hump's rights. and he's going to want more money than just the MLE
areddy22::I agree a lot of fans hate on him but he's solid. Him and Dwight paired together down low should yield 25-30 rebounds a game.
areddy22::Hump actually ain't that bad lol
rataurus1973::Sorry @$$ cows!
L-Phi::I find it stupid when people bash on Bulls or Heat. They are both good teams. Both teams should be respected.
matheus1989::they dont play team defence really`?? they dont play a team game?? 24-7 says other things
Chi Town Stand Up::I honestly don't dislike the Heat. I just think the whole production of the "big 3" was utter bs. Also I don't think the Heat play a team game. They don't really play team defense, they just kind of rely on the insane amount of skill on their team to win games.
surfzone365::Agreed.  Heat are good, Bulls are good.  This game was a stinker and there's no excuse for losing to the Nets.  Bulls didn't show up today and it showed.  This will not be a repetitive occurrence though. Congrats Nets fans.
thekola::Agreed. Dunno why fans of two good teams are tryna figure out who's best at the half way point of the season. How often does the "best" team at the half way point not win the title. Cardinals, Giants, whoever won in hockey last year, Mavs. None of those teams were the front runner at the half way point. Simmer down
crimson-knights123::Bruins won the Stanley Cup last year. Come on man!
thekola::Um... thank you????
brandonlee561heat2::Your username is very old, nice.
