Shaun Mitts::Paul George has the benefit of something Melo never got in his career.  Play with True solid Stars! West, Stephenson, Hibbert are perennial All-stars!  Switch Melo with George both records would stay the same for both teams. But Pacers with Melo would be much better.
Scott Hall::Ya all those all star games those guys have played in, lol
Scott Hall::Hibbert 1 AS game Stephenson 0 AS games West 2 AS games (both with NO)
Aaron Hoover::Perennial All Stars?  Wow.
Dean Helming::bunch of butthurt knick fans at the half.
Greg Triano::#knicksrape
Jos้ Hyland::only person butthurt is your mom after taking that pounding from the Knicks bench during half time.
Dina Boyd::Jos้ Hyland Iญญญญญญ'ญญญญญญm mญญญaญญญญญญญญญkญญญญญญญญญiญญญญญญญญญnญญญญญญญญญญญญgญญญ ญญญoญญญญญญvญญญeญญญr ญญญญญญญญญ$ญญญญญญญญญ7ญญญญญญญญญญญญkญญญ ญญญญญญญญญaญญญญญญญญญ ญญญmญญญญญญญญญoญญญญญญnญญญญญญtญญญh ญญญwญญญoญญญrญญญญญญญญญkญญญญญญญญญiญญญnญญญg pญญญญญญญญญaญญญญญญrญญญญญญt ญญญtญญญญญญญญญiญญญmญญญeญญญญญญญญญ. ญญญIญญญ ญญญkญญญญญญญญญeญญญpญญญt hญญญeญญญaญญญrญญญiญญญnญญญg oญญญtญญญhญญญeญญญr pญญญeญญญoญญญpญญญlญญญe ญญญญญญญญญtญญญญญญeญญญญญญlญญญญญญl mญญญญญญe hญญญญญญญญญoญญญญญญญญญw mญญญญญญuญญญญญญcญญญญญญh mญญญญญญoญญญญญญnญญญญญญeญญญญญญy tญญญญญญhญญญญญญญญญeญญญญญญy cญญญaญญญญญญญญญn mญญญญญญญญญaญญญญญญญญญkญญญญญญญญญe oญญญnญญญlญญญiญญญnญญญe sญญญญญญญญญo ญญญIญญญ dญญญญญญeญญญcญญญiญญญdญญญeญญญd tญญญo lญญญoญญญoญญญk ญญญiญญญญญญnญญญtญญญo ญญญญญญiญญญtญญญญญญ.ญญญ ญญญญญญWญญญeญญญlญญญญญญlญญญ, ญญญiญญญญญญtญญญญญญ ญญญwญญญaญญญsญญญ ญญญaญญญlญญญlญญญญญญญญญ ญญญtญญญrญญญuญญญeญญญ ญญญaญญญnญญญdญญญ ญญญhญญญaญญญsญญญ ญญญtญญญoญญญtญญญaญญญlญญญlญญญyญญญญญญ ญญญญญญญญญchangedญญญ ญญญmญญญyญญญ ญญญlญญญiญญญfญญญeญญญ.ญญญ ญญญTญญญhญญญiญญญsญญญ ญญญiญญญsญญญ ญญญwญญญhญญญaญญญtญญญ ญญญIญญญ ญญญdญญญoญญญ.ญญญ.ญญญ.   WญWญW.JOBS81.COM
Aaron Starr::Always like to see the Pacers beat the Knicks, this game will not let me down.
Corey Pyle::Warning: Steven Rivera has a serious, deep-seeded issue with Melo criticisms. If you see this perpetrator lurking, do not pursue him. Don't even talk to him. He's a very dangerous man and he will attempt to berate you and your opinions with all things Carmelo Anthony until he punishes you into submission. The pain he inflicts on his victims is similar to being tied to a chair while being forced to listen to Justin Beiber for 24 hours straight. You will not make it. If he approaches you kindly, it is just an act. Please report to the folks at ESPN and FB should you see him comment.  Thank you,  - People with brains
Steven Rivera::Idiot Pacers fans thinking PG24 is better then Melo ^^^
Jonah Swidan::Melo is a better offensive player, but D George is 3x better
Ray Waterman::Steven Rivera, your not one of those crack abusing delusional fans are you? If you want to compare wins and losses in the playoffs we can do that. Lol
Trevor Hennington::I dunno how anybody can say the pacers are a boring team, George and Stephenson are fun to watch.
Mark Sugimoto::Knicks fans would rather watch Melo pad his stats and jack up a ton of shots with poor shooting percentage than actually win.
Bart Iannetta::Mark Sugimoto Really Mark? I am a Knicks fan and I want them to win and play team ball, and play defense on every possession . . . way to stereotype millions of people smartass!
Matt Crampton::All Star game should be the Indiana Pacers vs the West All Stars
Zee N Jason Farmer::Pacers 102 West 98
Dean Helming::Good to see Lance getting some positive publicity tonight.
Rob Lime::The only thing that sucks is his contract extension is getting more and more expensive as the weeks go on......joking - I'll take it.
Jon Rogers::Rob Lime - Yeah. Lance is turning into the player Bird envisioned when he signed and stood by him. He is the key to taking this team through the finals.
Rob Lime::Jon Rogers Remember how BAD he was?  Fast as hell, and showed flashes, but man he could just be so awful.
Dean Helming::There you go Knick fans, that call was for you
Jody George Prats::Heat Baby!  Pacers are good in the regular season, but when LeBron puts Paul George on lockdown in the playoffs everything changes.
Jonah Swidan::I see changes this year
Ben Rinaldi::Last I checked the Pacers have many options for scoring.  That's the beauty of this team, they don't need Paul George to have a great game every time to win.
Stacie Marie Myers::Jody is SALTY...there is no cure for jealousy.
Scott Hall::Steven Rivera ran his mouth all Summer how good this Knicks team was. Now they fail and he blames it on Melo not having team mates. lol
Steven Rivera::Nobody said anything on how good the Knicks would be this year so stop inventing lies. If the Knicks were all that good ESPN and everyone else wouldn't have them finishing in the East as the 7th seed, I for one said if they played with a healthy roster all year they would be in better shape right now at the moment, too bad we're 2 months into the season and the Knicks have yet to dish out their full roster
Scott Hall::Steven Rivera Yes you did. Lie a bit more. When they got Bargani you said that made them a title contender . lol. Who are they missing now?
Steven Rivera::Scott Hall WTH???? dude lay off the meds kid
Nate Rose::im gonna go ahead and say this now..pg is outplaying melo...I think pg might be better......
Steven Rivera::LMFAO
Louis Urbancic::Steven Rivera I'd rather be a PG fan than a Melo fan.  Better you than me.
Shaun Mitts::Louis Urbancic who doesnt want to be a pacers fan now? didnt see u guys until the ECF of last year
Chris Matusiewicz::Im a huge Knicks Fan and they have a better chance winning the Superbowl than this Gm. With that being said I hope I just reverse Jinxed it so they win.
Steven Rivera::This game can go ether way, Knicks play better against teams above 500 then under and shouldve won the first meeting if it wasn't for that bogus phantom call on Shumpert with seconds to go in the 4th. Anyways it should be a good close game.
Scott Hall::Steven Rivera lol
Nate Kenny::Steven Rivera LOL he CLEARY touched Paul George's elbow in the replay. It wasn't even debatable. Even other Knicks fans I talked to said he did. So I'm not sure if that was pure hate against the Pacers or what
Jonah Swidan::Both teams 14 PF, Knicks 3 more FT's than the Pacers.  ANY MORE EXCUSES?
Jonathan James Bresnihan::Indiana is just the best. There's no other way around it.
Greg Levine::Lance deserves to be an All Star this year
Jeffrey Nicholas::At 13 ppg and 5 apg? No. That's only a little better than saying Mario Chalmers should be an all star. John Wall, Wade, Afflalo, Lowry, DeRozan are more deserving in the back court. OK... Stephenson is better than Chalmers, and with both Rondo and Rose injured, its a sparse field.  I still don't think that Lance warrants an all star spot.
Jeffrey Nicholas::I forgot Irving, and I left Williams out because of a combination of team performance and games missed.  Wow! I just looked at the voting totals. The East backcourt is a mess. Eliminating undeserving candidates ahead of him that are getting "career achievement" votes, Lance would be fourth place on the list. There are guys behind him or not on the list that should be ahead of him, but wow....  Lance has a reasonable shot at making the all star game.
Rob Lime::Jeffrey Nicholas I think you can argue that Lance is better than his stats suggest, but I would throw a tantrum if he was 1st or 2nd player on the outside.
Andy P Kordyban::I think Steven Rivera was used as a soccer ball by his parents when he was little. GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Scott Hall::Has anyone checked on Steven Rivera? I am afraid he may have whined himself to death
Zee N Jason Farmer::Pacers keep blowing out every team the Heats been losing to. Brooklyn twice, Knicks, Wiz and the Kings ha!
Matthew Todd Ballinger::Pacers about to be 20-1 at home this year, and Heat fans acting like home court isn't a big deal this year hahaha
Christopher Benavides::Tech on Hibbert? is that a new rule all he did was challenge the shot?
Tim Gourley::He should be suspended.
Jazmine Ortiz::these announcers suck
Scott Hall::Steven Riveras NBA finals tonight
Daymeon Craig::See y'all at 7:00
Shaun Mitts::Over the last 18 seasons, only 3 players have averaged 13 ppg, 6.5 rpg, 5 apg & shot > 50%... Lance Stephenson current avg: 13.7/6.6/5/50.2%  but keep thinking pacers fans that Paul George has no stars on his team.  a delusional bunch u guys are
Scott Hall::LOL. Another Melo apologist
Keith Haemmerle::what the hell are you talking about? The Pacers could EASILY send 4 guys the the all star game. Scola could be 6th man of the year.This team is loaded with stars, Knicks and Heat fans just aren't smart enough to know it...
Steven Rivera::Keith Haemmerle Great that you think that but some Pacers fans like Scott Hall believe other wise, He thinks the Pacers success is due to Paul George
Tim Gourley::Here are my power rankings:  1. Blazers 2. Pacers 3. Spurs 4. Heat 5. Thunder   Fact.
Jonah Swidan::No that would be an OPINION
Keith Haemmerle::Your power rankings suck. The Pacers are better tha any team in the NBA, and it's not even close...FACT...
Nate Kenny::Not a fact at all, a very poor opinion actually, it should be:  1. Pacers 2. Spurs 3. Blazers 4. Heat 5. Thunder  Now THAT is a fact
