Cyril::Bennett has not made a three-pointer in his last 9 attempts and he is 4-28 on three's overall. Yet more than one out of every four shots he takes is a three-pointer.  Either he has horrible basketball IQ or the Cavs are forcing him to shoot three's because they want him to be a small forward. You don't draft a power forward when you need a small forward, just like you don't draft a shooting guard and ask him to play point guard.  It almost never works out.  Rookies have a hard enough time adjusting to the league, but asking them to learn a new position at the same time is just a bad idea.   At this point he is going to be lucky if he can finish the season shooting 30/20/60, and that's pathetic.
pinto::First of all, Deng was an excellent pickup for the Cavs, I guess Grant finally read my previous posts. For those of you who think he's too old, just know that LeBron is a year older. So if you can't sign LeBron, then open up the check book for Deng, he's proven his worth. Keep Miles at shooting guard (another of my suggestions), and let Waiters come in as relief. One more thing, it's time to send Bennett to D-league too, the increased playing time will help him get more confidence and get better (I hope).
Richard::55.6 free throw percentage is awful.  How many games have they lost because of  missed free throws? This was a great win, but more attention has to be put on this important part of the game.
Amir::6ers are taking 2 weeks rest -20 per game, than they will decide to win few in a row against contenders.
larry s::This Chicago fan is going to miss Deng.  He does so many little things across the board that are unheralded, but necessary for a team to win.  Lots of guts and a really good teammate, Cleveland is fortunate to have him.  Cleveland now becomes a bigger threat in the East, all because of sweet Lu.
The Sports Authority::Deng is a real good player but he might not even have an All-Star appearance if he played in the West.
Brains::Cleveland is 11-23, Deng makes them a couple wins better, but still out of the playoffs. Way to play for the 9 seed Gilbert.
James::8:44 in second quarter. Look at Carter-Williams stats vs. BUST Bennett. Just remember, cavs could have had C-W instead of BUST Bennett! Also, at this time, Bennett up to his normal stats: no points, 1 foul, 2 turnovers...great pick. Hope Deng makes up for this busted pick!!
Patrick::carter-williams is a huge star!!!!!!!!!
Be+::Looks like Bynum officially leaving is already good luck for the Cavs.
