Shaun0088::How many times do I have to say it?The Celtics dont even try to rebound.
avier95::Is it just me or Duncan having a throw back year props to Timmy athleticism declines but fundamentals last forever
Excelscior1::It's called playing with a good team and coach for all these years.
TresMilagro::Timmy!
BXwarriorBX::Duncan still owns kg after all these years lmao
ThatsGoodSoup7963::$@%!. I like it better when we win. Good game SA, I've always liked you. Go CELTICS.
pico2013::Fire Doc Rivers. He's no good anymore.
TresMilagro::Maroon
abovethelies2::Hey C fans where is your DEEP bench players.....They could always bring Darko back....In the beginning of the season Darko was suppose to be the greatest find of the off season. KG was suppose to make him into something....oh well....... KG and the front line got KILLED by Duncan and gang.....Where's Darko when you need him?????? lol Good luck Celtics.......Playoffs? Playoffs?  Championship challenger......Lucky they play in the East Conf.....6th seed will be a great year with this bunch...
Road dog Red::hey.. Kiss My Hippopotamus
MrRaider509::Good Game Boston
Road dog Red::Celtics... especially Jeff Green  SUCK
Excelscior1::Celts had bad defense, whether KG was in the game or not. He was abused by Splitter, Duncan and Duan.
nba is the worst::Clearly rebounding is a huge problem
Road dog Red::Jeff Greens adds NOTHING... too laid back
giangir::And perimeter defense.  Make that any kind of defense when KG is not in the game.
Excelscior1::Besides the Bad Celtic defense, Boston's reserves got nothing during this game. Can't happen: Especially when two rotation SA players were out, and your playing in Boston. But SA "D" was tougher than Boston's, though Celts starters shot well--Reserves did not.
StevenDanger194::Celtics front office are gonna have to make some changes we need a powerful big man.
abovethelies2::Darko???
sub1200::cant let splitter beat you for 23 pts.   they deserve to lose....
Excelscior1::Yes, Embarrassing to let Splitter run wild like that.
nba is the worst::on 9-11 FGs
KinickDiaz::From what i Realize on these boards ......The winning team is great the Losing team Sucks..... if the team that Won loses the next game, then they suck.....n vice-versa...  stupid if u ask me.  Way too many GM's  in here, Everyone knows how n why this team Lost or what the coach should ave done...... why dont we just stick to being a fans ....... you lose a game oh well on to the next...cause thats what the players n coaches do.... any team can win or lose on any given night. Im just loving the entertainment of it. Last night Mavs beat us but MAN!!! what n exciting game it was....Mavs played awesome!!... better luck next time for y Knicks....same goes for the Celtics....watch some film n see where you can improve.....on to the next game
sanantoniohermit::Yeah man, that's just an ESPN thing. Way too many angry and depressed people out there, and it's easy to post anonymous hate towards any team on this site. I wouldn't let it get to you, 90% of these people wouldn't say this stuff in real life.
smokingstogies305::Not me. I'm the same person on here that I am in real life. I don't spew worthless insults. I like taking jabs at others fandom just like they take shots at mine. It makes for an interesting dump every morning. If there weren't fake internet tough guys, what would I read to entertain myself while c.rapping?
sanantoniohermit::Celtics have a lot of improvements to make, but I think they can get to where they were last year. Man,  Rondo is playing like the best PG in the NBA this year. Good game
abovethelies2::Dream on.....Rondo is the ONLY thing they have going for them....Jason Terry replace Ray .....too funny......
152Dean::W without Leonard or Jackson.  There we go spurs
Excelscior1::Celtic defense was  abysmal.   Their help, backline, and defenses on switches, cost them points all game. Doc you need to get this worked out.  Doc hasn't figured out yet, that his defense can't stop anyone, so he might as well crash the boards (outrebounded +20 I think), cause his team is going to get scored on the other end anyway. Celtics may have had 1 off rebs for the entire game. The irony is, other teams beat Bost all the time--when Bost shoots well, by getting more Off rebounds.
KinickDiaz::nba is the worst Knicks, Heat are good teams...  Dude u SUCK!!!!! .... you were just on the knick board talking smack about them and here you are praising them ... YOU DONT KNOW SHI.T ABOUT BASKETBALL S.TFU
drinkbeernow::wow!  that guy is pissed...wouldn't want to be his dog.
nba is the worst::You seem confused - how is pointing out that Melo's ridiculous hero iso shot at the end was dumb "talking smack" about them?  I love this year's Knicks and want them to make the Finals, son!
nba is the worst::Of course not - I'm talking the same kind of Karma that happened to the heat after their first asterisk title - getting swept in the 1st round!
smokingstogies305::nba is the worst - Won't happen is meaningless speculation.  (karma awaits the heat*)  If by Karma you mean another title, than I agree.
nba is the worst::Won't happen is meaningless speculation.  (karma awaits the heat*)
smokingstogies305::All I said was that's what I want, not that it's going to happen.  But it would be good for the league, and if they stay healthy is could happen.  Could happen. Won't happen. The Knicks are playing great right now. Right now has 0 bearing on where things will be in 4 months.
nba is the worst::smokingstogies305 - Have you been drinking out of that delusion infected water cooler too? Knicks in the finals....LOL!  -=-=-  All I said was that's what I want, not that it's going to happen.  But it would be good for the league, and if they stay healthy is could happen.
drinkbeernow::i have...a couple 40's with me right now running on empty.  might need to head out for 10-12 more
smokingstogies305::Have you been drinking out of that delusion infected water cooler too? Knicks in the finals....LOL!
smokingstogies305::The Boston Heat bashers that were so prevalent in the offseason have all but disappeared. Reality has a way of humbling people.
nba is the worst::It's early yet.  Heat can't get Ken Mauer's +21 ftas every game...
nba is the worst::If you look closely, there's tiny diamond asterisks on the side of those rings
smokingstogies305::nba is the worst - Sure - why would heat fans want fair officiating, their only titles have been ref-enhanced!  The rings still bling brightly on the fingers of the Heat players.
nba is the worst::Sure - why would heat fans want fair officiating, their only titles have been ref-enhanced!
smokingstogies305::I hope they do. * all you want. I like when the teams I root for win. How you feel about them is absolutely irrelevant.  FT attempts, hairline and bandwagons are what the haters arguments have been reduced to.
garnolfini::They've turned from bashing the Heat to bashing the refs.
garnolfini::Doc could step down from this mess by mid-season.
nba is the worst::Spurs on the road without any sfs dominate.  Nice job guys - proves the east is weak as usual
ImOldschool1964::I can dig it....
ImOldschool1964::only team in the east is the Criami Heat...NY has been irrelevant for a decade..until and unless they do something in the playoffs it means zip.
nba is the worst::6-4 indicates evenly matched?   Why stop  in the 90's, go back to the 50-60s, when St. Louis and Fort Wayne were in the west
drinkbeernow::past 10, its 6-4...no glaring difference, but you can make stats what you want...should we add on the 90's?
nba is the worst::This century, the west has won all but 4 titles (9-4) 2004 Pistons, 2006 heat*, 2008 Celtics, 2012 heat*
drinkbeernow::aint got time for that - on my 15th beer - but i don't recall (from what i can recall) any recent disparity over who wins the finals over the past 10 or so years.  both conferences are evenly matched - and both have teams from the other conference that they don't want to see.
nba is the worst::Look at the head to head results...
drinkbeernow::i agree - the proof is in the finals pudding...just contesting the "east is weak" comment when a team from that conference took a dominant west team in their own home
drinkbeernow::wow!  quite a statement considering the knicks owned you in your own house
nba is the worst::Knicks, Heat are good teams.    Who else in the east is in the contender convo? Not the Nets, Bulls, Pacers, Celtics, or Philly...  Knicks played a great game, Spurs choked a double-digit 4th Q lead - props to the knicks.
_I Am A Celtic_::Rondo should never lead this team in shots taken
ImOldschool1964::Did you?  nba's point is spot on...the Celtics had ONE freakin' offensive rebound, they were out rebounded by double digits....And you think Rondo's shooting is the problem?
nba is the worst::Spurs starters outrebounded the C's starters 28-12.  Rondo shooting 8-16 (and additionally his gm-high 6-7 fts) in no way contributed to the loss
_I Am A Celtic_::Yea for the most part this shots were not in the flow of the offense.  He was getting torched by Parker so he had to try to score as well.  Terry was shooting just fine, same with Pierce.  The bench is why we lost
nba is the worst::Points in the paint, 58-34.  Splitter shoots 9-11, Duncan 7-12
nba is the worst::When he's shooting 50%, why not?  This game was lost in the paint.  30th in rebounds is a serious problem for this edition of the celtics...
_I Am A Celtic_::Did you even watch the game?
Syrindge::Duncan out rebounded Pierce, Garnett, Rondo, Green, Terry, Wilcox, Lee and Barbosa COMBINED!!!.
ImOldschool1964::TImmy's a beast and he despises Garnott...KG has been his b.itch for years.
heatonomics::Timmay!!!
simsimi.jayee::Celtics should have Pick Peaches over Green...  Happy thanksgiving!
Rudy_rush20::hhahaphapphappyhappy tththathanthanksgiving spurs fans!!!!
ImOldschool1964::Backatcha bro
Srodg2::lol 3 rebounds? Nice going Garnett. And we gave this guy an extension?
Tatter92::The Celtics have the best defensive rating in the league when KG is on the court, and having the worst defensive rating in the league when he's on the bench. He had one bad game, ref's kept calling phantom fouls on him, don't overreact. Celtics would be 0-12 if KG didn't resign.
Texicano10::Anybody think kg is better than td?
Srodg2::Who ever would think that? Even when they were both in their primes TD was a better player. Its not even all that close even.
Tatter92::How are you going to say two hall of famers weren't close? They're both top 10 all time PF's.
ChargersFan4Life001::I'm gonna go also, gn all and have a happy Thanksgiving!
Go Wolves33::Later
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::gn all &amp; have a great Thanksgiving
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::gn
Go Wolves33::Later
ChargersFan4Life001::gn beza have a great thanksgiving
Go Wolves33::What the hell is bulls elite?
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::chicago thing, where do you live?
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::you don't know about it then
Go Wolves33::minnesota
ninerslakeshowdodgerstrojans::What are your biggest concerns regarding your teams so far folks? Mine would have to be turnovers and learning the new offense
ChargersFan4Life001::keith smart low assist totals offense overall rotations selfishness and chemistry
ChargersFan4Life001::the chemistry is not there, and the offense he runs has struggled
ninerslakeshowdodgerstrojans::No offense but your coach does suck lol. He should be doing better with that young talent
ChargersFan4Life001::he's been horrible lol
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::lol i like how you listed the coach
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::defensive cohesion and rebounding
ninerslakeshowdodgerstrojans::I was joking about Bynum and that trade is looking better for my Lakers everyday. It was risky as no one knew how Dwight would come back from back surgery. Kenyon Martin of old would be a good idea but im not sure that is the same Kenyon you would get.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::Haha no thanks for Bynum, he's too injury prone. But i'd rather sign Kenyon Martin than Birdman. Even though he's undersized, he plays gritty defense and adds toughness in the paint.
ninerslakeshowdodgerstrojans::Talk to philly about Bynum but he loves to go bowling lmao. Yeah theres not a lot of bigs hence why kwame brown is still in the NBA. Why not sign Birdman to a vet minimum and see how he does?
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::i agree but there aren't a lot of legitimate bigs out there and if there are, we would have to give up a lot
ninerslakeshowdodgerstrojans::I think you guys need to trade for another big which will help with your rebounding.
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::No derrick rose
ninerslakeshowdodgerstrojans::Even when he comes back he will need time to get in game shape. But the East is wide open so the Bulls will get in
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::a month and a half
ninerslakeshowdodgerstrojans::When is he coming back?
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OF_eCf-OClc&amp;feature=plcp
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::man that guy dropped him on the ground so hard
Go Wolves33::Iggy, you in HS or College?
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::HS, 17 years old
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::bulls elite, chicago team
Go Wolves33::Ok, so you a JR or SR? Please tell me you play varsity
FinsCanesHeat03-22::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isPm79xTzM4&amp;feature=related  i just saw this and had to post it, i love wade and all, but how lost does he look here lol?
ChargersFan4Life001::cool
Go Wolves33::I thought you were leaving...lol
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::my mom had to work on thanksgiving one year too, it sucks
Go Wolves33::Working on Thanksgiving....wtf?!?!?
FinsCanesHeat03-22::basically havin thanksgiving brunch tomo since moms workin in afternoon, so gotta get up early..pcee
Go Wolves33::Just stay
FinsCanesHeat03-22::i am now lol..cyaa guys!
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::i love this commercial, i just saw it today. LOL D-Wade does look lost
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eU5TBG2uGrM&amp;feature=plcp dwight got moves, lol
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::lol were those two people grinding?? lmfao
Go Wolves33::Iggy, do you really think you are going pro?
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::.
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::hell no, but i'm going to keep putting the work in
Go Wolves33::You are pathetic
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::don't hate on greatness
Go Wolves33::lol, you are dumb
ChargersFan4Life001::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrIUlp86jNI the flop that got him fined lol
ninerslakeshowdodgerstrojans::LMAO
famman1968::Been  using this system for betting called Sportsbettingstar. Ive made around $2,000 to $3,000 a month betting this sysems plays. You can find more about the system by searching for basketball betting system. If you bet on sports at all this is a must see. .
FinsCanesHeat03-22::ok im out...happy turkey day to all
Go Wolves33::Later
ChargersFan4Life001::gn
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::gn
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::see ya
Go Wolves33::Boogie, I had KLove on my bench tonight...lol
ChargersFan4Life001::ouch lol, he was balling.
ChargersFan4Life001::beast
Go Wolves33::34 points 14 boards
ChargersFan4Life001::i gave up on the fantasy bball and im 3-0 lol. I also have paul george on the bench who made 9 3's and had 37 fantasy points tonight
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::Reggie Evans first to get fined. LOL He flopped against the C's and Lakers.
ninerslakeshowdodgerstrojans::Both flops were beyond obvious. Why hasnt Dwade or Bosh gotten a warning for flopping yet?
ninerslakeshowdodgerstrojans::Or flop city players like griffin
ChargersFan4Life001::they dont call them on heat players -___-
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::same question i'm asking myself
ChargersFan4Life001::both on national TV
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::that's one messed up looking whale
FinsCanesHeat03-22::ugh too big^
FinsCanesHeat03-22::-________________________________________________________-
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::haha i know, i'm surprised D-Wade hasn't been warned yet. He's flopped a lot already.
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::must be embarrassing, imagine being asked about it in an interview
FinsCanesHeat03-22::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvQM5VYJokw
FinsCanesHeat03-22::he looks like he got shot hahaha,,
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::lmao
redsox__celtics.::Okay just checking by. And don't worry C's fans it will all work itself out. patience is key with this team and Doc...he will find a way. I see this team making a deep run as constructed. Just don't stress out.
ninerslakeshowdodgerstrojans::Its too early for you guys to panic. My team didnt get off to a hot start itself and there are plenty of games left. Jeff Green needs to get going for you guys though
ninerslakeshowdodgerstrojans::I wonder since he had that surgery if he is trying to get in game shape or what. He showed a lot of potential in OKC
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::Yes, Jeff Green really needs to step up
FinsCanesHeat03-22::wait til the HEAT turns up b4 u stress out bro
redsox__celtics.::i feel alright about the Heat. Lot's of shooters though. Going to need to do something about our defense with that.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::okay :)
Go Wolves33::Fuck Decisions, he kept calling me by my full name
FinsCanesHeat03-22::Go Wolves 53.
Go Wolves33::Idk, you weren't on the board where we set it up
FinsCanesHeat03-22::why didnt i get a invite to this league!!!! lol
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::ohhhh i see
Go Wolves33::Yeah, we are in the same Fantasy Basketball league, and it says our names on there
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::He knows your full name?
Go Wolves33::No, my real name!
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::LOL
FinsCanesHeat03-22::the best team in our conference is Vermont LOL...ugh
redsox__celtics.::Damn.... people are still here. Just checking out of curiosity.
ChargersFan4Life001::nope we left
redsox__celtics.::GL to you too.
ChargersFan4Life001::well sdsu didnt deserve to win, and I think it would have been closer indoors, but Cuse is a great team with a lot of size. GL the rest of the way
redsox__celtics.::Yeah I'll be the first to say...that game shouldn't have even counted. As A Cuse fan the wind on that damn boat blew people's shots 4 feet to one side or the other at times. Crazy stuff...
ChargersFan4Life001::hell no
redsox__celtics.::Go Syracuse?
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::What shoes do you guys ball in? I like the hyperdunks, rose 3.0 but the best are the cp3's, not gonna lie
FinsCanesHeat03-22::kobes...always kobes...THE BEST!
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::those are more for posting up and having elevation on your shots, i got no post game and i can't shoot
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::of course you would like those shoes
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::you can't play in boots
Go Wolves33::Who is Baby J Cole???????
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::it's a secret, shhhhhhh
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::decisions
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::yea
Go Wolves33::Seriously?
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::Gonzaga and St. Mary's College are in our conference, they're tough.
FinsCanesHeat03-22::thats a good conference
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::i know, i'm glad we started off well so far lol
ChargersFan4Life001::gonzaga is very tough
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo2.0::heck yea!
famman1968::have bet with a system called Sportsbettingstar. Since I started I make roughly $3,000 a month in profit by following this systems picks. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching the words Sports Betting System.  Posting this for anyone out there that’s tired of not winning their bets.
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::$@%!
