mauriceJD21::thats such a $@%!$@%! call how the hell can you call that a foul???? its like the woman ref from the spurs game all over again. $@%!$@ bag officials.
Terrmac2657::If Ridnour makes the uncontested layup in the overtime to tie it with less than a minute who knows what happens but he misses and they go down and hit a clutch shot to win it. The name of the game for us . Man hopefully Pekasaurus is ok we need him its an easy win if he plays the second half he only played like 13-14 minutes right and had what 7 pts and 7 rebounds plus a block DAMB
Terrmac2657::My God can we miss more lay ups much. GEEEZE the past few games we are missing 10 easy shots right at the basket each game. Adelman should have the guys go through the lay up drill tomorrowmdo layups till they hit 50 in a row like we used to do in college. You stay untill you as a team make 50 in a row.
VikingsRavensMN::There hasn't been a comment in 3 hours... WTH
the whitesmith::i decided not to enter or read any conversations at all about the play last night. i wanted to sleep off the anger and look at the replays not immediately after it happened. next day, it was still flat out awful. with the way they called the whole game (barea and williams battling comes to mind), and the complete absence of contact with iggy and love, that was as bad a call as i've seen all year.  i think mark cuban had a point when he said they need to do something about the officiating. at the end of the day, these guys are struggling bigtime when it matters the most and it is affecting the outcomes of games.
Terrmac2657::Say allroy are you kidding me Iguodala raked his arm completely Im surprised he didnt pull it out of socket. That is called everytime now specially when its a star player involved like Love. Plus it would have been a lay up had he not mugged him anyway.Just as your replay there showed.
allroy1313::here you go.  please watch this and tell me at what point in the clip Iguodala goes from all ball to "hacked the crap out of love":  http://philadunkia.com/?p=5649&amp;utm_source=rss&amp;utm_medium=rss&amp;utm_campaign=how-is-this-a-foul  (spoiler:  it never happens!  Love got bailed out. Having the refs hand the other team the game is a lousy way to lose.)
allroy1313::if by "love" you mean the basketball, i agree.  pretty serendipitous to get a foul call with 0.1 seconds left when the guy gets the ball knocked loose by one defender and his shot stuffed by the other guy.  pretty clutch stuff.
masisk33::Uhh...the replay clearly showed that Iguodala hacked the crap out of love on the drive to basket
mauriceJD21::HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHA  good one
the whitesmith::the other number i didn't look at last night that i saw today. philly was whistled for 21 fouls and minnesota for 12. having watched the game, barea could have been called for 8 himself. that the wolves shot 16 more free throws in that game is just plain wrong
NASCAR 24.7::It was a block. No foul.
allroy1313::is this guy one of last night's refs?
masisk33::The foul was on Iguodala.... not Brand
crabbymacintosh::ALL BALL.  Discussion over.
mauriceJD21::watch igoudala not hack the arm of love as he attempts to throw the ball into elton brands arm.
masisk33::watch Iguodala hack the arm of Love as he drives past him to the basket
R Bond::I cannot believe the call at the end of the game!  This game looked rigged by the refs at the end!    If you look at the replay from various angles, you can clearly see that by the time there is no further contact between Iggy &amp; Love there is AT LEAST 1.4 seconds left on the clock!!!!    How the heck could the refs miss that!!  1.4 seconds would have given the talented 76'ers a decent chance to win versus 0.1 secs!  Robbed?  Rigged?  RIDICULOUS!!  I am getting seriously turned off by the NBA!  One thing crazier was that Clipper-Spur game...freakin' CRAZY...rigged!!
mauriceJD21::u two are forgetting that youre both idiots
Terrmac2657::Yep your right masisk it was a foul and if he had not fouled Love, he would have made a lay up at the buzzer to win it.
masisk33::you are forgetting that Iggy hacked him...clearly...it was a good call.
starv14::im a big wolves fan, iggy reaching in looked like a foul, but really wasn't. he shouldn't have even been reaching in that situation in the first place. the referee made a the call on what looked like a foul and the wolves won. end of discussion.
mauriceJD21::at every level of basketball besides all the other levels of basketball
masisk33::ummm......if you grab or hack a player's arm while attempting to steal the ball....its a foul. That is a foul at every level of basketball
crackaplz::Was an easy call -- you can't stand behind a star player and reach around his body and not expect a call. Had he stood in front arms straight up (actual defense) there would have been no call. Complain all you want, but the Sixers have no excuse for losing that game -- considering how awful the wolves played/shot.
mauriceJD21::oh ya! well i yell at people who officaite basketball for a living. and u sir suck
masisk33::No eaglesfan1723....it seems that you are the idiot that doesnt know the rules of basketball.  Iguodala clearly hacked the crap out of Love Easy call. Good call. The right call. I officiate basketball for a living. Its obvious some of these sixers fans are NOT knowledgeable on this particular subject
eaglesfan1723::You're an idiot. Learn the rules and then talk. No foul
jank6708::T-wolves shoot 38% and still beat the hapless 76ers!!! The East Sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!
relentlessind127::funny how the philly fans are such little girls about losing to minnesota....and that article that was posted is the most unprofessional article i have ever seen in my life by another little girl philly fan haha can't wait to see them get stomped in the playoffs
masisk33::It was an easy call. I think most people think the foul was called on Brand. It was on Iggy geniuses
Fred87273::Love made the sixers play D, but that was not a foul.  Its ashame that the refs had to decide the outcome.  One thing the refs need to look at though is Kevin Love does not keep his pivot foot stationary.  Granite the game was in Minnesota and home teams do get the calls.   Congrats to the Wolves on the win.  The sixers are in a rough spot and Lou williams had a shot to make it a 3 point game and didnt.
mauriceJD21::apology not accepted you $@%
masisk33::correction: drove to the basket......sorry
masisk33::Love decided the outcome. Iggy helped by clearly hacking the arm of Love as he drove to basketball. Iggy got very littel ball. It was the definition of a "hack" or "on the arm" foul.
jank6708::Love had a terrible game &amp; the Wolves still won!   The East sucks donkey balls
klotschet::The refs screwed the Sixers out of a W.  Iggy got all ball and everyone knows it.  Even if he did there should have been more time on the clock because the foul occured with one second left on the clock.  The Sixers got screwed and everyone knows it
masisk33::Uhhh.....no. The replay showed Iggy got very little ball.....and a lot of arm.....lol
jank6708::booooooooooooohoooooooooooo Sixer Fans!!!!
eaglesfan1723::Lol we are 20-12, you are at .500. Just another game that sixers got screwed in. No BD.
eaglesfan1723::Also They shouldve put more time on the clock.
eaglesfan1723::http://www.the700level.com/pages/video?PID=gAkakY5_OOHztIgLTopZY5GsJWjdgHe8  Hahha look at the video... ALL BALL.
mauriceJD21::hey you. your dumb. end of story.
masisk33::haha....are you talking about Brand or Iguodala?.....because youre either right (brand) or completely wrong (iguodala)
klotschet::Go to this website and there is all of the proof you need.  Three different pictures proving no foul  http://www.libertyballers.com/2012/2/19/2810865/timberwolves-sixers-kevin-love-free-throws-nba-final-score-andre-iguodala
relentlessind127::i actually see him reaching around kevin love's arm making clear contact with his arm to get to the ball? but okay hah thanks for proving that there was a foul you cant just swat at the ball especially at a guy who is an up and coming star and expect no call
tuna890::Tim Donaghy is already taking care of that
jeff_schulz::You should send that link to the league. I am sure they will change the outcome of the game after that.
eaglesfan1723::Dont worry about it man... These Wolves fans are too delusional to notice it.
masisk33::no..its easy to see that Iggy hacked him
klotschet::did you even read that.  Sixers got screwed.  Love got blocked cleanly and Andre got his hand on all ball.
jeff_schulz::are you sure that's what he's saying?
jeff_schulz::Sooo, what are you saying?
crabbymacintosh::Minnesota: Even Canadians think it sucks.
travishilstad::Wolves Won. Discussion Over.
fmunozcuevas::Wolves won playing Wes as a starter. That alone should be a depressing view for any 76er fan. We should let them vent their frustration
TheRubioLoveConnection::Elton Brand stopped Kevin Love yesterday (Love 20 pts 15 Rebs)  -Philly Fans  Come on guys...
fmunozcuevas::Love shot 7-23 so he did slow him down. On the down side Brand shot  2-9 so he also slowed himself down
fmunozcuevas::my bad
jeff_schulz::shooted?
TheRubioLoveConnection::Spencer Hawes is the answer  -Philly Fans  LOL
mauriceJD21::spencer hawes would fondle kevin love because hawes' beard is better than love in showers' beard
SolitaryPine::And Iverson is not happy! Because he is "The Answer."
FlyGuys623::this conversation is getting to be worse and worse. im out
TheRubioLoveConnection::I find it funny that Sixers fans think Spencer Hawes would've been the answer last night! Hahaha. The guy is trash. He's a decent back-up on most teams in the NBA. sixers have no inside presence. Don't say Elton Brand is either, I'll laugh even more.
eaglesfan1723::You are dumb as $@%! if you think Hawes is trash. Again another $@%!$@% Wolves fan
tuna890::Rubio is overrated
klotschet::Glad you follow basketball.  If you knew anything you would know that before his injury Hawes was playing like anm elite center.  But you dont know what you are talking about so I cant take you seriously
crabbymacintosh::Sixers have beaten plenty of Western conference teams.
JRod8954::Philly is what they are.  They're one of the better teams in a lousy conference from top to bottom.  They remind me of Atlanta, they'll be a 4 or 5 seed in the playoffs but really have no shot.  Where if they played in the West, would struggle just to get in.
m4gor::thats true they are 5-7 against western conference so far, but Hawes would be better on PEK than anyone else from philly
crabbymacintosh::Sixers 12-2 with Spencer Hawes.
eaglesfan1723::No rubio looks like a caveman. Actually he looks like a  hobo that came from the streets. And hes overrated.
klotschet::Then y u only .500
TheRubioLoveConnection::Love put up 20 and 15. He outplayed Brand. Damn Philly fans, you get dumber by the minute....
SolitaryPine::20 points, 15 rebounds is "stopping"? lol.
crabbymacintosh::They traded him for Sammy D dum dum.    Prospects for starters.  Happens all the time.
FlyGuys623::apparently elton brand could
TheRubioLoveConnection::I don't know anything? You think Hawes could stop Kevin Love? You're a joke...
SolitaryPine::And you can't even remember your own posts.
crabbymacintosh::You dont know anything.
TheRubioLoveConnection::My logic is the KINGS didn't even want him. Shows he's a garbage player.
FlyGuys623::way to show your masculinity
SolitaryPine::Twolves fan logic: our team is both better than the sixers and better looking.
FlyGuys623::twolves fan logic: hes bad because he looks like a caveman
TheRubioLoveConnection::Who cares. The team started out decent. The guy looks like a damn caveman. The $@%!$@% Kings didn't even want him.
FlyGuys623::hes actually been great for them and im pretty sure elton played pretty good d on love
FlyGuys623::allen iverson has been offered a contract http://www.csnphilly.com/blog/sixers-talk/post/Iverson-offered-contract-to-play--soccer?blockID=654380&amp;feedID=704
SolitaryPine::Last three games: Twolves: 3-0, Sixers 0-3.  Enough said.
mauriceJD21::ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
novos003::At least it's a relevant point.
SolitaryPine::You're right, taking down the lame 76ers and Rockets counts for nothing.
crabbymacintosh::Yeah like 30 years ago.
novos003::At least it's a relevant point.
crabbymacintosh::Who didnt see this one coming? Great point.
novos003::Philadelphia has the worst fan community is sports. It's been proven, you threw snowballs at Santa.
crabbymacintosh::Yeah way to take down those fiesty bobcats
hoeftjm6::Think he was saying were playing better basketball as of late.... than the 6ers.
FlyGuys623::ok if your going to play that game, sixers: 20-12     twolves:16-16
crabbymacintosh::Nailed the comeback.  Go tell mom.
crabbymacintosh::WHOOAAAA BURN!
SolitaryPine::No, $@%!$@%! people ruin arguments. Seriously dude, go back to reading class.
crabbymacintosh::Bad Jokes ruin arguments.  Keep climbing.  You can almost sniff that 8 seed.  Almost.
SolitaryPine::Yeah, saying that the Wolves won't miss the playoffs "for a while" is irrelevant.  Other breaking news for you: 2 + 2 = 4.
crabbymacintosh::Youre right.  And you responded with something about Rubio and Love being young.  Which is totally irrelevant.
SolitaryPine::"crabbymacintosh Thatll mean the world when the Wolves are watching the playoffs from home"  This is what you said, moron.
crabbymacintosh::"You mean when Love and Rubio retire? Because they are pretty young so that won't happen for a while."  I said the Sixers will be in the playoffs THIS YEAR  You brought up age...
SolitaryPine::Um, you said the Wolves would be watching the playoffs from home, remember? Maybe reread what you wrote. The question is, how is the youth of the Sixers relevant to the Wolves making the playoffs?  Don't worry, I'm here to help you remember your own posts.
crabbymacintosh::I dont really get how that's relevant.  Sixers are just as young. And better.
SolitaryPine::You mean when Love and Rubio retire? Because they are pretty young so that won't happen for a while.
crabbymacintosh::Thatll mean the world when the Wolves are watching the playoffs from home
SolitaryPine::Head to head: Twolves 1-0, 76ers 0-1.
bmulli5097::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7odcd7g
fmunozcuevas::That is great, Howard would make a great back up center
The North Star State...::No.
FlyGuys623::that just shows the trade machine is a joke
TheRubioLoveConnection::FlyGuy....Kevin Love still had to make BOTH FTs to win the game. How's that giving the Wolves the game? He could've missed both or made one. The Wolves earned the win. They can't control what the refs do.
Versus07MN::haha are you sure. the absolute worst officiating in all of sports? Take a second. Think about it. DING! Matter a fact... it wasn't even a playoff game.
FlyGuys623::i posted saying that i was wrong, and that it didnt give the twolves the game, but it was an unfair advantage. my post was deleted for some reason though. i guess i have a fan club
jacobcchristian::worst officiating in all of sports
SolitaryPine::LOL. Somebody get some cheese for the Philly fans.
ProNetCutter::Everybody should take a deep breath and realize how pointless these conversations are.
ProNetCutter::yeah this is a once a year activity for me...a bunch of defensive fans screaming at each other online.  Wolves won, Philly lost.  Suck it
TheRubioLoveConnection::I'm trying to give therapy to Philly fans losing their minds over one little loss.
SolitaryPine::This is the most pointless post of them all, lol. Good luck with that. :)
The North Star State...::Did none of you Philly fans see Iguodala bring his other hand in when he couldn't swipe the ball, and resorted to grabbing Loves arm?  While Iggy may have gotten all ball when he swiped, he grabbed Love's arm when he didn't get the steal.
eaglesfan1723::Here you delusional Wolves fans who obviously werent watching the game. http://www.the700level.com/pages/video?PID=gAkakY5_OOHztIgLTopZY5GsJWjdgHe8
TheRubioLoveConnection::No because all they talk about is Brands block which was after the damn foul.
mnsportswopwopwtfespn::Thinking it over there should've been a flagrant foul on that last play he was all over Love
eaglesfan1723::http://www.the700level.com/pages/video?PID=gAkakY5_OOHztIgLTopZY5GsJWjdgHe8
FlyGuys623::he had all ball
eototal::The real foul was on Iggy not Brand
FlyGuys623::record says otherwise. u guys fought hard but the last call was unacceptable
TheRubioLoveConnection::This is one very worried Philly fan. Still crying over one loss. The Wolves have a better all around tema then the Sixers.
Versus07MN::Philly fans... /facepalm T-Wolves are a young, up and coming roster. It was a bad call in a game winning situation. But Kevin Love forced their hand by driving to the rim hard instead of settling for a 20+ foot jump shot.   But don't say the T-wolves are a bad squad because you are salty about the loss. One could maybe make the argument that the Northwest divison is the toughest in the league.
eototal::It is the toughest in the league we have a 500 record and were in last place. lol
SolitaryPine::Well that settles it. The 76ers are over rated. All they can do is whine about the refs. They kind of remind me of the Wild... start fast, hope to hang on and make the playoffs. Like the Wild, they probably won't.
SolitaryPine::As long as they get to play the crappy East teams.
crabbymacintosh::Best defense in the NBA.  They'll be just fine.
SolitaryPine::Right. And I'm sure you outplayed the other team in your other losses also. Because the 76ers are magical.  Sure, you won a few statistical categories. But you also hacked the $@%! out of the Twolves, and didn't shoot very well from the line when you did get there. That's a good recipe for losing, if you knew anything about basketball.
SolitaryPine::Compared to 89%, yeah, I'd say you were outplayed there.
crabbymacintosh::You mean 80% is bad from the line? I guess i dont know anything...
crabbymacintosh::hahahahaha ok. Thanks for further proving me right that you know nothing.  Go ahead and be happy about your regular season wins.  When it comes down to it, this is all you'll have.    I look at these games in terms of looking ahead to the playoffs, because that's where the Sixers will be. And as I've said all up and down this board, the Sixers outplayed the wolves last night.  They matched that "dominant inside presence" in rebounding, held them to 39% shooting, and won the turnover battle. Wolves won the referee battle.  Im not worried. Enjoy mediocrity.
SolitaryPine::Yeah, rule update. The Sixers have not clinched anything. (And probably won't.)
crabbymacintosh::Unlike you, I dont have to wait till next year...the Sixers are a playoff team now.
SolitaryPine::Oh come on, is that the best you can do? How about "Wait until next year!"?  You can throw that one out there too, I know you can.
crabbymacintosh::Just watch them in the playoffs.  Not like there will be much sports on TV at that time in Minnesota anyway.
SolitaryPine::And two months ago, the Wild were ranked #1 in the NHL power rankings by ESPN. Now where are they? I stand by my words.
crabbymacintosh::Then you'd know they arent overrated.  They're only setting records with fewest turnovers on average by an NBA team,  still one of the top teams in terms of margin of victory, and play some of the best defense in the league.
eototal::Owned!
SolitaryPine::Yes, I've watched them several times.
crabbymacintosh::This year?
SolitaryPine::I lived in Conshohocken for 2 years. So I think not.
crabbymacintosh::that settles it.  This guy has never seen the sixers play before last night.
SolitaryPine::Yep. And I see all the whining. If your team was better, you wouldn't let it come down to that.
TheRubioLoveConnection::You just owned him.
FlyGuys623::DID U SEE THE LAST POSSESSION
FlyGuys623::ok im wrong, the refs gave them an unfair advantage. my bad
TheRubioLoveConnection::Love still had to make the FTs...The game was in no way given to them. If Love would've had a normal game it would've been a 10 point win.
FlyGuys623::because it gave minny the game
TheRubioLoveConnection::Are you still talking about that....Why're dwelling so much over one play.
TheRubioLoveConnection::Philly fans can't get over this loss. Can't believe how many Philly fans are here still talking about the loss. This shows that you have no trust in your team and are a worried fanbase.
SolitaryPine::As did all of the baskets that Love and Rubio and Pek made. They also gave the Twolves the game.
FlyGuys623::the last call was unacceptable because it gave the twolves the game
mnsportswopwopwtfespn::Is Wes the biggest bust in Timberwolves history?  Granted there have been A LOT!  I think he is.
mnsportswopwopwtfespn::Michael Olowakandi
JRod8954::What do you mean Kandi?  He allowed the Indy Police Dept to test their taser's.  That alone is production.
mnsportswopwopwtfespn::We didn't draft the Kandi Man and I think he was still more productive than Wes
crabbymacintosh::No Kandi Man?
ProNetCutter::Everybody who is saying Minnesota is a bad team seriously needs to watch them play more.  Yeah it was a questionable call, but that's the game.  There were probably some calls that went Philly's way too, just not with .1 left on the clock.  To say that was a bad loss is ignorant, ask anyone who knows what they are talking about, and they will tell you that the T-wolves are on the rise.  They aren't one of the worst teams in the league anymore like all you Philly fans think.  Haha I thought a 'sports town' would know that by now.  Guess not.  Watch a team other than your Sixers for once.   In my opinion they are comparable to OKC when they were a young, inexperienced team.  Just wait a year or two...
ProNetCutter::Well i guess that's home court advantage.  I'm just pissed at everyone that says Minnesota is a terrible team.  Go to the twolves website, and look at our loses and then come back to this conversation haha.  lost by 3 to OKC...lost by 3 to MIA...it goes on and on
FlyGuys623::no calls went our way and refs almost never call fouls at the end of games. refs won the game for the twolves plain and simple. no doubt i would take the win if i was a twolves fan, but im just speaking the truth
eototal::you say that and yet it happened twice last night with games under 1 second left.
TheRubioLoveConnection::The 76ers got out played the whole second half of the game. Plain and simple. Get over it Philly fans, you're still in the playoffs in the weak East. Move on...
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::Love and Rubio are sick! I hope they stay in Minnesota and make this team a championship contender one day.
crabbymacintosh::Wolves fans can talk all they want.  But I can guarantee Adelman is not happy with this team in practice today.  They got held to 39% shooting and had to rely on some questionable calls to eke out a victory. For a team that you all claim is so "dominant" inside playing against a team missing it's main inside presence, to be matched in rebounding and held to such a low percentage when taking mostly high-percentage shots is not a good outcome by any stretch of the imagination.  Sure the win is nice, but in the end, anyone who knows anything about basketball knows that the wolves can't realistically expect to play the way they did and continue winning games.    Say what you will, but until you fans demand excellence from your team, and arent content to rest on your laurels with unearned victories, you wont be able to create a winning culture in Minnesota.
crabbymacintosh::Sixers with Spencer Hawes:  12-2  You know nothing
TheRubioLoveConnection::That in no way makes them any better inside. Hawes is a joke. Sixers just got off to a decent start to the season ,that's it.
TheRubioLoveConnection::If you're reffering to Hawes as their "main inside presence", you've got to be $@%!$@% kidding me.....Love and Pek would've still had the same numbers if not better.
The North Star State...::I think we played like trash last night.  For Love to start the game 2 for 15 is unacceptable.  Pek also missed some very routine layups in the 1st quarter.  That being said, however, it was nice to see the Wolves still win the game.  If the Wolves would have played like this last year the game would have ended 103 to 78.  I am happy that they don't give up even when they play like garbage.
eototal::I love how Sixers fans keep saying their team is soooo much better and yet we won. Then they go on to cry about the refs.
crabbymacintosh::Wins are always nice, I agree.  But the Wolves need to do a lot of work to get on the Sixers level.  This one loss doesnt mean much, the Sixers were clearly the best team on the court last night.
The North Star State...::For all fans whining about last game.   If Wes Johnson didn't play we would have won by 10.  The guy brings absolutely nothing to the team.  And don't try and tell me he is a good defender because he isn't.
JRod8954::The problem with Wes just goes on an on.  It's one thing to get below average production from a particular player as after all not everyone is going to be an above average player.  But in Johnson's case, he gives them absolutely NOTHING far too frequently.  Off the top of my head, I would say 80% of his games this year have been Grade A Trash.
FlyGuys623::major bust
crabbymacintosh::Although I dont agree you would have won by 10, I agree that Wes Johnson sucks
The North Star State...::It's frustrating.  The guy can go 4 games and score zero points.  And then he scores 10 against the Rockets and everyone thinks he has finally figured it out.  IT WAS ONLY 10 POINTS!!!!   If he is still in the starting lineup after the All Star break I will lose my mind.  He is the reason every team we play gets a quick 10+ point lead in the 1st quarter.
drdlh1::Just wondering. Since that foul happened with 0.1 seconds left, would Love's shot have even counted had the foul not happened?
DaRotten::the non-foul was around 1.1 seconds.  If your going to call a phantom foul atleast put the time back on the clock.
drdlh1::Yeah, I thought there should have been more time put on the clock.
FlyGuys623::it should have been a jump ball as time expired
FlyGuys623::im saying that iggy played such good defense that it should have been a jump ball
drdlh1::Assuming that it wasn't a foul. I guess I was saying that assuming that Iguodala hadn't kept Love from getting his shot off.
mnsportswopwopwtfespn::Won this one and Wes did everything possible to lose it for us with his traditional 0fer!  How is he still starting??
RJtheGator::I'll preface this by saying I'm a Philly fan, but the 76ers fans on here saying we "shouldn't be losing to worse teams" are pretty misguided. The 16-16 record shouldn't fool you, this T-Wolves team is crazy talented, young, and on the rise. They'll be a top 4 team in the West by next year and have loads of potential. That being said, as far as Doug Collins is concerned, we mind as well chalk this one up as a win. That call was literally despicable, that was a SUPERSTAR defensive play (which never get noticed like huge 3-pointers or rim-shaking alley oops) and the final score of this game was 91-90. You can say that had chances to put this game away, which is true, but the fact is that they did enough to be winning 91-90 in the final seconds, and the Sixers best player stepped up and was more clutch then the T-Wolves' best player. Love just got bailed out like his name was Goldman Sachs.
drdlh1::Yeah, Minnesota is probably better than their record, BUT the Sixers really should have won that game last night. Turnovers and bad shots down the stretch did them in.
FlyGuys623::if the refs didnt call that b.s call at the end, the sixers would have won
crabbymacintosh::Allen Iverson used to lead the league every year in steals.  Doesnt make him a good defender. Learn basketball.
minny snowta::sorry, if you watch the game Rubio goes after the ball aggressively.  I think he is top 2 in the league in steals.  keep crying about the refs buddy, you are all kinds of wrong.  time to get over it big boy!
crabbymacintosh::Wolves have a much longer way to go to be a top team than the Sixers do. Wolves have some great players on offense but lets be honest, Rubio and Love arent stopping anybody on D.  That said, there were plenty of calls (non-calls) in this game that could have gone the other way.  A 26-10 free throw disparity is huge. Dont get how anyone can seriously say the refs didnt play a big part in this outcome.
FlyGuys623::refs won the game for the twolves, last call was bs
crabbymacintosh::Rebounding: 48 to 48  Interior Dominance?
jeff_schulz::The wolves were on the opposite side  of this for so many years.  its nice to have the inside game finally...and to be a team on the rise.
minny snowta::jeff, there is no talking to a philly fan, they are known in the world as some of the worst.  they cry and cry until the tears are gone and then they cry some more.  i don't think this poor lad understands the whole inside game equals free throws and he probably never will, well unless pekovic and love go to philly. LOL!!!
jeff_schulz::The top 3 inside players for Philly had a total of 22 points and 18 boards.   Love and Pek combined had 37 and 24.  I'd say that is dominant.
jeff_schulz::The disparity is because the Wolves dominated inside.  Very simple
FlyGuys623::i know we didnt play our best game, but that last call at the end was pathetic. iggy had all ball and it should have been a jump ball. and the fouls during the rest of our game didnt go our way either, but whats new we have been screwed by the refs all year
mnsportswopwopwtfespn::not like it was a goal tending call he had to earn it at the line.  We never get home calls this year that was the first game.
FlyGuys623::we would have won the game if there was no call
mnsportswopwopwtfespn::"These next 5 games will define what team we want to be" Rick Adleman before the 5 last games of the all star break so far 3-0
eototal::LMAO I love coming to these boards and reading posts by a bunch of sore losers. Grow up Losers!
mmostello::f that. 20-11 shouldn't lose to 15-16. Sixers need to take care of business vs. losing teams.
FlyGuys623::thats not a winning team. thats a .500 team
mnsportswopwopwtfespn::correction we are now 16-16 making us a winning team
mmostello::17 point 4th quarter? I can understand losing to Dallas, San Antonio, and Orlando, but the T-wolves????? Bad loss. Sixers. You now owe an upset win vs. a team you shouldn't beat. So time to knuckle down and win @ Memphis, @ Houston, and @ Detroit before getting back a win home vs. OKC to make up for this bad loss to the wolves. Brutal.
eototal::Well considering we beat the hell out of Dallas and San Antonio maybe you should re think your opinion
eototal::If your soooooo much better then why did we win? :O
mmostello::no. I'll keep thinking that the Sixers need to stop losing to worse teams.
chazzzzz1965::Man that was a painful loss last night....Sixers gotta learn to close games out then they'll be really tough...T-Wolves r starting to look pretty tough too..
drdlh1::Yeah, the Sixers lose every close game they play. Really bad decision-making down the stretch. Time to start blaming the coaching.
minny snowta::hey thanks, you're a good fan.  most opposing team fans would b i t c h about the call that sent Love to the free but he got fouled.  it was a very exciting game.  i wish the wolves had Iguodala, then our 2 guard problems would be gone.
minny snowta::the wolves are better than their record and obviously the sixers aren't.
crabbymacintosh::hooooo rayyyyyy
bradrmpls::Wolves are .500
VikingsRavensMN::Losing teams? LOL were ..500 now BITCH
mmostello::Good call.Poor loss. The Sixers cannot be losing to losing teams.
crabbymacintosh::Thats quite a free throw disparity...  Not concerned at all though. Sixers obviously outplayed a good team, 9 out of 10 times they win that game playing the way they did.
minny snowta::off to work, it was fun.  GO WOLVES!!!
crabbymacintosh::I'll cry all the way to the playoffs. So tough to be "stuck" with this team.
minny snowta::in a 7 game series they won't.  man you are simple!
crabbymacintosh::Sixers have beaten Orlando and Chicago this year...
minny snowta::if you make the playoffs you better hope the sixers don't play Orlando, the Heat or the Bulls.  They go inside alot...oh, never mind!
jeff_schulz::Like I said, I have no idea how good he is.  He is never in the lineup.  If his injuries continue the 6ers will not go far.
crabbymacintosh::Starting centers usually help.
jeff_schulz::If teams keep pounding the ball inside against the week interior you may not make much of a playoff run.   Not sure if Hawes is a help or not, doesnt seem to get on the floor enough.
minny snowta::sure buddy! i could say the same for quite a few games the wolves lost but i don't.  The wolves hit shots in the fourth and i don't ever blame the refs.  they don't decide the games, the players do and the players, including the sixers, know this.  go cry somewhere else!
crabbymacintosh::Yeah so sad for the Sixers to be stuck with a deep core of young budding stars all under 25 who currently hold one of the best records in the east.
jacobcchristian::Spencer Hawes, who when healthy was considered to be an all star, is out moron
jeff_schulz::The fact is that minnesota has two strong inside players.  a big part of their game is going to the line.  The sixers arent strong enough inside to stop that, thus Minnesota goes to the line.  You are aware that those points count too, right?
Maddawgdan7474::minny if you watched the game, you are living in a delusion, the refs bailed out Minnesota on several occasions, thw wolves did out play the sixers slightly in the fourth, but the sixeres could have been up 15 going into the forth if the refs weren't hooking the wolves up (especially barea)
crabbymacintosh::Thank you. Minnesota got double the fouls and got to spend the game at the line thanks to the refs. Not saying every single call was wrong, but in a one-point game, it makes all the difference.
minny snowta::yea, that is a man living in delusion, 9 out of 10 hmmm? that's why the Wolves won one out of one.  Sorry Crabbymac, but your sixers got beat by a superior team.  Love, Rubio and Pek are a force to be reckoned with and they will get better.  Meanwhile, you are stuck with Brand, an old man who almost resurrected his career last year but is back to looking like a bust again, 2-7 shooting?? but i guess he shoots better 9 out of 10 times, it just didn't happen this game, LOL.
minny snowta::"you don't see me coming at Darko!" and then you did.  the hypocrisy is astounding.  I don't care if you insult the players, I won't take it personally!  Ridnour had a good game despite not really playing his position and Darko did more in his one minute of play than Wes Johnson did in 20 plus minutes.  I liked Elton, he is solid, but he's old and should retire in the next few years.  He had a bad night of shooting!  So what!  Wolves got some weak players and hopefully it will be worked out in the offseason and we will be a better team for it.
jeff_schulz::correction: they pay money to Darko.  he doesnt play.
crabbymacintosh::Why you coming at Elton? Hes old. His contract is almost up, but hes solid. He's not the guy the Sixers are relying on to win or lose games.  You dont see me coming at Luke Ridnour or Darko.    Which brings me to another point...the wolves actually pay money to have Darko play basketball.
crabbymacintosh::the part where the Sixers held the wolves to under 39% shooting (18% from 3) and won the turnover battle.  Two things that generally lead to a win.
jacobcchristian::where you got bailed out by the worst officiating in all of sports
minny snowta::until the fourth quarter where the wolves took over.  you can argue all day but the wolves won it.  the sixers have the luxury of being in the east, if the wolves where in the east they'd be a lock for the playoffs.
jeff_schulz::I'm confused.  In what aspect of the game did the Sixers "obviously" outplay the Wolves?
Maddawgdan7474::Offensively and Defensively
ibnfrey::WTG Pek :D  Adelman should be in the conversation for coach of the year. A 17 win team usually doesn't learn how to win games like this in a few months.
dmorrisjr2003::Ya and a shortened preseason and regular season should make him in the conversation.  Also, why is Pek not in that Rookie and Soph game. His numbers have been great and for a long period of time then Lin.  Not that Lin isn't deserving of it, but so is Pek.  You make room for one you should for the other.
mnsportswopwopwtfespn::but really who cares?  I'd much rather see him rest up then play in some meaningless game
eototal::Easy Pek plays for MN and Lin plays for NY...Lin = More Money and the NBA is run by greedy Beeooyotches.
ibnfrey::Go Wolves! :)
SeaDog73::I'm a Wolves fan and it's nice to see them close out a game against a good team, but the foul call at the end that put Love on the line was a bad call.  It was good defense on Iggy to get all ball.   If the whistle had to blow on that play, a jump ball is about all I can see being called.    Odd call.  Generally the refs swallow their whistles at that point in the game, especially on a something that isn't just plain obvious.    I still like the check mark in the "W" column, though!!!
RJtheGator::Thanks for taking a rational look at the game, it was certainly a good one and the Wolves could do damage in the playoffs. Rubio is so nice. It's just frustrating that Iguodala is having one of the best defensive seasons imaginable, which in and of itself is usually ignored by the media (defense, that is). So when he's making a superstar play like that to win a game, and he gets called for it, ughhhh.
bmaruco::yea thats a $@%!$@%! foul call.... he had all ball when he reached in!!!!!
minny snowta::i'm over it. hahaha!
jeff_schulz::time to get over it.
