BaySports 1.1::Keep in mind, if the Blazers pick is above 12 we don't get to keep it.  Better at this point to keep winning, or trying to win.
kiwisamespnfan::Come on Blazers back to .500 les go
portland1975::blazers should not worry so much about the draft and pay for some depth! What the hell is wrong with Paul Allen the team has so much support from the fans, Atlanta is locked into the playoffs but that stadium looked empty, it seems like Portland with a competitive team would be very financially successful and would sale lots of swag.
randvek::Portland isn't a city a lot of players want to go to. Tough to lure the free agents to a "small" market team, even if the arena is always packed.
sworthin117::yeah...the blazers are a very successful market...
Kobelies247::Blazers vs Spurs in first round would be FUN to watch...  Tee Hee
Kobelies247::Ya nice win Blazers but you should of starting this run like 12 games ago!  Always next season Portland!
Fendretti4::Keep shooting Josh. Love watchin' the Hawks lose
127decibels::Blazers have already exceeded expectations for this year. Nothing to lose at this point.
sworthin117::Playoffs would just be a huge bonus
sworthin117::Making the playoffs would show they dont need a high draft pick (which they wont get anyway).  I would rather see the Blazers in the first round than not
Kobelies247::LOL!! This team doesnt need to make the playoffs! Just hurts them in the long run... Dont be stupid
nomorten::Great win by the Blazers but i am concerned they are still having trouble in the first quarter. I am a bit less optimistic about their chances of making the playoffs than some of you but it is really good to see them having three players who have been very consistent all at once in Aldridge, Lillard and Hickson. Not ragging on Matthews either. he has been more consistent lately too.
Beaver Cowboy Blazer Believer 17::I think the goal this offseason in my opinion is too keep all are starting 5 and unload some bench players and get a soled SF/SG and PF bench player
DaHoagie.::Go Blazers!
portland1975::Best Blazer uniform on display tonight, the Blazer's  would make so much  money if they tried to make their stuff look cool!
Robot Mojo::Good play down the stretch, Blazers. Maynor was a solid pickup, and Lillard keeps on truckin.
R1P_C1TY::I wouldn't write off the blazers just yet. Most of their games remaining are against above 500, good teams, and its these kinds of teams that the blazers have actually played well against all year. seems like its the crappy teams that we have lost a lot of games to.
liquidvizions707::besides... gasol and dwight didn't work before, good chance it isn't gonna just fix itself now. and utah... yall can for sure catch them.
liquidvizions707::i for sure wouldn't count them out. they on a roll. and if Lillard keeps up what he was doing tonight... good luck with that other teams!
sworthin117::They are on a bun ;)
sworthin117::18/18 against teams above .500, 15/18 against teams below
Exoster::LILIARD OVER 21.5 PTS  Easy haha
LostAussie95::Never knew that you could get run over the top of by a team that is playing its 4th game in 5 nights. #nodisrespect
liquidvizions707::course you can. ask people that play the nuggets and miami
CBass1317::last 5 was 4-6, i believe, so Hawks got the best of them in that stretch.  Wouldn't call it owning them, though.
liquidvizions707::but you did go back 10 seasons. i was speaking more of past 5 years. so whats the record for past 5 seasons
liquidvizions707::strange... felt like we beat them way more than that in portland
CBass1317::Blazers are 12-8 against the Hawks after tonight in the last 10 seasons.  Just thought you should know.
BaySports 1.1::Lakers lose and the Blazers go to 2.5 back.  2 back in the loss column.  Haha probably too late, but oh well.
liquidvizions707::yeah the lakers will act like they won the championship tonight though by beating the wack wizards. it's funny they wait to bring kobe and gasol back against a 99.9% sure thing regardless. lol
liquidvizions707::will seattle have a team come next year? cause they need to. the kings need to go. no disprespect to sac fans... but it isn't like there isn't enough cali teams already. seattle needs a team. they deserve it. supersonics &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; kings
CBass1317::Better to not make the playoffs and keep the draft pick.  Lets be real.  Another top 15 pick and some bench help and this team could be halfway decent next year.
liquidvizions707::i'll be pulling for the blazers though. and the wizards are wack but they also one of them teams that can beat you and look like the jordan bulls sometimes. don't worry, i don't get it either. lol. but maybe it'll be one of them nights! go wizards!
BaySports 1.1::Yeah pretty lame.  We have a tough schedule from here on out too, but lots of home games after Sunday.
sworthin117::These away alternate jerseys are good luck.  We must keep wearing them
3 fans like this.::Lillard = Top 5 pg
bronxroxnugsavs::Derek Fisher, Anthony Carter, Howard Eisley, Tyrone Lue, Eric Snow, etc.
RaffiC22::your dumb as $@%! if u think that
Ill-Blaze::naw top 10 right now maybe give him a couple more seasons and he could break into the top 5
sworthin117::Who would you take over him?
GameOnDeck24::josh smith continues to shoot and miss jumpers... when will he learn that he is not a jump shooter
liquidvizions707::when he has a coach that will bench his assssss when he doesnt listen. larry drew is soft as it gets. even then i doubt it'd work. josh does what he wants.
liquidvizions707::larry drew is awful. he leaves shooters out there when they been done got cold and he can't discipline josh smith at all. id bench him faster than a heart attack. he'd learn ONE WAY OR THE OTHER to quit jacking up jumper after jumper after jumper
Ill-Blaze::well I think it's safe to say that we just took another win I swear we'd be a top 5 seed in the east cause the east sucks
liquidvizions707::nah relax. cause normally the hawks own the blazers and have for years. yall just making a good run. shoulda done this lot earlier in the season.
CBass1317::Series will be 8-8 over the last 8 seasons after tonight. SMH.  But don't let reality get in the way of your blind declarations.
Ill-Blaze::I just said in general wasn't saying your team lol really meant the talent wise on alot of the teams from the 6-8 spot
liquidvizions707::that was early years obviously. in the recent years the hawks have owned the blazers.
CBass1317::51-51 all-time after the Hawks lose tonight.  Fourth in five nights for Portland.  What is the Hawks excuse?
rdegaeta25::I swear there must be a full moon tonight.  Portland and their 10 road wins...  Ha
23germany::ist east vs west. 3 worst starters out of the 10 tonight play for ATL
BaySports 1.1::LILLARD.
steve_cronin61::wow shame on ATL, the laziest team in the NBA for losing to a horrible road team playing their 4th game in 5 days
liquidvizions707::oh well. stuff happens. they beat the bulls last night so nothing changes. we stay in 5th. and nothing horrible about portland. quit ya whining. lillard is on fire. it happens.
CBass1317::You were the one on here last night saying PDX had no chance, right?
steve_cronin61::FRE
liquidvizions707::nope but there are gonna be games like this. and we'll take out the nets. not worried about them. maybe you are, have fun with that.
steve_cronin61::first round exit attitude
hoops 112hoping::http://assets.sbnation.com/assets/2364351/georgedunk.gif
Lemuel7043::He fast.
Cannon_Reeves504339::Can you pick the best nba team:  http://tinyurl.com/challenge-free-nba2
GameOnDeck24::never been a big fan of aldrigde
R1P_C1TY::I've never been a big fan of anyone on the Hawks....
RaffiC22::what are u talking about gaysports stop fantasizing about me and your mom.
BaySports 1.1::Lol.
RaffiC22::im sorry gaysports im not gay...
BaySports 1.1::Ah I forgot I was supposed to keep it on the down low.
Joshua43786::I don't see how. Coming from an ATL fan, he's one of the most underrated players in the league
BaySports 1.1::I have a feeling you aren't a fan of life in general.
RaffiC22::im sorry gaysports im not gay...
BaySports 1.1::Looking for a date Raffi?  Last weekend was fun.
RaffiC22::baysports is a gay $@%
liquidvizions707::lol
GameOnDeck24::what makes you say that bud?
Joshua43786::Why won't ownership fire Larry Drew yet?
liquidvizions707::cause he has us in the 5th seed and 2 games out of 4th? but i agree. he makes some of the most f'd up decisions sometimes. leaving josh out there with game on line with seconds left and everyone knows they gonna hack josh.
RockyMountainWay1::Blazers make the playoffs next year
Ill-Blaze::liquidvizions707 - they should this year. i dont see how utah is in it. just looks like everytime i check the scores they geting blown out a lot. portland is a much better team. dont care what the record says. and i know utah is behind the lakers but i dont see how utah is in the top 10. lol  at this point though we lose alot of close games due to no bench
liquidvizions707::they should this year. i dont see how utah is in it. just looks like everytime i check the scores they geting blown out a lot. portland is a much better team. dont care what the record says. and i know utah is behind the lakers but i dont see how utah is in the top 10. lol
R1P_C1TY::Looks like the most part, the blazers decided to play defense today. why is it that we only choose to do this against +.500 teams...?
snackwrap123::Did lillard get hurt?
snackwrap123::Thank god
liquidvizions707::he's been out there awhile. needs a break. thankfully!
BaySports 1.1::4th game in 5 nights on the road too.
snackwrap123::Yeah but then he came out and hickson took a free throw after it said lillard got fouled
liquidvizions707::nah that was a lose ball foul on d jones
BaySports 1.1::He just hit a 3...
steve_cronin61::hawks doing their tank thing again.   nice.
GameOnDeck24::Anybody here play streaks for cash??
GameOnDeck24::way to close that quarter lillard... good job bud.... hey terry get that trash leonard out the game
ItAlwaysRainsInAutzen::yo, i just called espn Theyre now looking into your activity, so have fun getting banned from the forums
liquidvizions707::lol
liquidvizions707::whoever said Lillard was awful is mental. yall wouldn't even be in this game without him
Ill-Blaze::lillard = running away with the rookie of the year and the nba = full of $@%!$@%! anylysts for counting him out before the season started
BaySports 1.1::He's awesome.  That dude thinks everyone sucks.
liquidvizions707::i was wondering what he was talking about. Lillard out there draining them long shots left and right
BaySports 1.1::Lillard heating up.
liquidvizions707::d jones the kobe killer with the slam!
liquidvizions707::hawks are one of the best teams against the west. hawks stay killing the blazers. hawks beat lakers. hawks beat utah for 3rd straight time in utah. hawks beat okc in okc with no josh. hawks beat memphis in memphis. etc... we just cant beat the f'n spurs. lol
ATLSports101::thanks for actually trying to win hawks
GameOnDeck24::stupid b finally made a jump shot 3 FINALLY
liquidvizions707::teague just can't be stopped when he drives down the gut
GameOnDeck24::Good job lillard
sworthin117::whats an a$$ lizard?
BaySports 1.1::Mommy loves you.
Joshua43786::The streak continues
liquidvizions707::yes sir. Korver is a beast
GameOnDeck24::mayers leonard does not belong in the nba....
Ill-Blaze::dude seems like he's trying to pick apart rookies @ this point with no real logic in anything he's just throwing $@%! out there to sound like he knows what he's talking about
ItAlwaysRainsInAutzen::hes a $@%! load better than your sorry $@%
GameOnDeck24::he should be playing in china or europe... but not in the nba
BaySports 1.1::You're a miserable little lady aren't you?
GameOnDeck24::hes not nba ready he has no outside jumper... no post moves.... he gets most his points on put backs
sworthin117::Your logic is flawed
GameOnDeck24::look dude I'm not going to argue with you... i stated my opinion and that was that... end of story
Ill-Blaze::how many centers really have a great post game to begin with?
sworthin117::no jumper?  A big guy that can shoot free throws is always welcome...  As for moves, he's a rookie.  80% of rookies should not be in the NBA by your standards
Ill-Blaze::how so?
Ill-Blaze::GameOnDeck24 - what do you mean how so??? the dude sucks point blank period  quit liking your own comments and why would you say that of leonard and not talk about anyone on our bench that hasn't had consistency off the bench?
GameOnDeck24::what do you mean how so??? the dude sucks point blank period
BlackMambaMania::Lets go hawks help out the lakers by beating the crappy trailblazers they have no shot at making the playoffs its all about the lakers pulling away with that 8th seed!!
BlackMambaMania::lol they have all been injured all year now they are all healthy they will be a huge threat in the playoffs!
BlackMambaMania::Awee poor baby upset ur team blows and wont make the playoffs?
Ill-Blaze::didn't we beat you guys opening night and didn't lillard cross nash up and make him break a leg? plus your teams heading towards a downward spiral of rebuilding soon you guys are all old and nearing the end of there careers lol
Ill-Blaze::for a team with your line up there is no excuse on being an 8th seed rofl
Robot Mojo::Eighth seed sounds so impressive when Laker fans starting chanting "30 rings!" or "We're going to be champs in 2013".
sworthin117::I like how the 5th seed in the east has ten less wins than the 5th seed in the west
liquidvizions707::doesnt matter. heat owns everybody and thats what counts in the end. lol
sworthin117::You think that is the cause for the lack of diversity?
Ill-Blaze::sworthin117 - clearly...  you can thank lebron for calling up dwayne wade and bosh and asking em what team they all wanted to play for
sworthin117::clearly...
Ill-Blaze::it's called the east being less competitive
Ill-Blaze::would you like to suck off kobe or dwight first?
Robot Mojo::When will Batum stop shoveling off passes and start shooting? Is he that gutless in the paint? He's becoming the classic ambulance chaser as he blocks breakaway shots from behind. Just not enough in his arsenal to be the driving, wing man that the Blazers thought they resigned. Lillard on the other hand...
Robot Mojo::I know he's been "recovering" from a wrist injury. Still, you have 2 very capable guards that can distribute. Batum complained about being stuck in the corner to just shooting 3's. Now, he's on the perimeter just shooting the occasional 3. I really don't think that's what management had in mind when they resigned him. He gets soft...just saying.
sworthin117::He's fine.  He has been battling injury
ATLSports101::good lord...
lebronjames646::the hawks are pitiful
GameOnDeck24::Talk about a game with no energy or life to it... both these teams are pathetic
onepick8000::I was there. This couldn't be any more true. Pathetic.
sworthin117::More pathetic for Atlanta considering they are at home....and this is Portlands 4th game in five nights
liquidvizions707::nope. hawks stay killing the blazers. hawks beat lakers. hawks beat utah for 3rd straight time in utah. hawks beay okc in okc with no josh. hawks beat memphis in memphis. you failed.
