Gucci Force Four::"Oh the Knicks didn't win every game? Please tell me about how the Knicks are done and Melo can't play with Stat."- Sarcastic Wonka
KnickerBocker7681::No, it was because wolves were playing 3 guards, barea, rubio, and ridnour. So he decided to match the wolves with 3 guards as well, felton, kidd, and smith. And he couldn't sit chandler because Pekovic was still in. So he had to either sit Amare or Melo, who do you think he is going to sit?, pay attention.
Dj3garrett::Melo and Stat can't play together... That's why Stat was out during the 4th...
Gucci Force Four::Yet you forget all the moments they've done great together. It's not that hard to be informed in something if you put in the effort. Just saying.
12.21.12::wtf, why don't they update the recap thing
agoods03::Holy troll faces, Knicks win and trolls lose their composure.
Kingreggie6::The Knicks are a laughing stock they really sucks oh btw clippers will beat them at they're place
enewshan::lmao bandwagon to the max....lets say you are indeed a yankees fan, no new yorker would ever root for the pats and then you throw the heat into the mix...get outta here
12.21.12::their*
Gucci Force Four::Yankees, Pats, Heat fan? Bandwagon much LOL. If the Knicks are so bad then how awful are the Heat to lose by 20 TWICE LOL
Gucci Force Four::Yes a lot of good teams have lost to the Wizards. The Knicks faced the Wiz with John Wall and lost the Heat faced the Wiz without John Wall and got embarrassed.
Mambaholic 33::And far more "recently" Knick just got smoked by Was...LMAO
blueshirts4ever::Bandwagon fan indeed.
Mets-Jets-Knicks-Isles19::Knicks!!!!
i want bacon::Melo.......All Day.
i want bacon::Melo......All Day.
Gucci Force Four::Weird how all the Knicks haters tend to be Nets, Heat, Celtics, Lakers and Lins fans
Kobe Brick Mason::Worst team in the East are the Knicks and Carmelo is the worst in all of the NBA, he even makes Kobe look good. Two non-team players. Knicks one and done because no one want to play with Carmelo.
HectorPablo.Ortiz@gmail.com::Must be a bitter Nets fan.
vplaskan1::I love how you contradict yourself in your statement, you start by saying the Knicks are the worst team in the East, but yet in the same statement you acknowledge that they will be in the Playoffs, which is impossible for the worst team in the East to make the Playoffs, since that team would be heading to the lottery. So good job on your part of sounding completely dumb.
blueshirts4ever::Doesn't he always sound completely dumb?
Shump the Beast::You are clown shoes.
Kobe Brick Mason::Carmelo was the worst player for the Knicks on the floor, check the +/-
enewshan::if you watched the game you'd know he was the sole reason we won last night...
vplaskan1::Wow another incorrect statement, Shumpert and Prigioni were -5, Novak was -4, and Stoudemire and Thomas were both 0, so Melo's +1 wasn't the worst +/- for the Knicks.
Gucci Force Four::And yet they still won.
bstanto_08::t-wolves are a disgrace
KnickerBocker7681::It is tough to win road games no matter who you are playing, a road win is really good. It's a little strange why its so hard to win on the road, but majority of losses even for the best teams are all on the away games, Spurs have the best record and 10 out of 12 losses are on the away games
nba is the worst::Weird game. Good to see the Knicks own the 4th Q on the road for a change. Rubio hits the only three of the game for the wolves - rare!
Bobby Boombotz NYG::Aint nobody got time for the wolves
SRQisLegend::i'd love to see the knicks win the title, but after losing to jeremy lin twice - along with the wizards a few nights ago - i honestly see zero chance that the knicks win the championship this year.  the problem? all they do is chuck threes and nobody on the team plays defense.
Kobe Brick Mason::moron
Gucci Force Four::Might as well disregard the Clippers, Heat and Thunder since they lost to the Wizards too
whatsdoing::any win is a good win... dont matter what mood you are in.
HomeOfTheJETS::SAS http://espn.go.com/nba/boxscore?gameId=400278227 http://espn.go.com/nba/boxscore?gameId=400278459  MIAMI http://espn.go.com/nba/boxscore?gameId=400277972 http://espn.go.com/nba/boxscore?gameId=400278148  OKC http://espn.go.com/nba/boxscore?gameId=400278224 http://espn.go.com/nba/boxscore?gameId=400278418  LAC http://espn.go.com/nba/boxscore?gameId=400277769 http://espn.go.com/nba/boxscore?gameId=400277923 http://espn.go.com/nba/boxscore?gameId=400278261 http://espn.go.com/nba/boxscore?gameId=400278429  These 4 teams all had better records than the knicks before this game started today, all of them lost to some sorry $@% teams. Even the good teams lose too
KG7706::Can't keep waiting till the last 5 minutes of the game and down by 10 or 11 points to turn up the D , it worked tonight but that shet isn't going to work aagainst the better teams ..
HomeOfTheJETS::Knicks have done this all year. Most of the time it falls but they can put up points very quickly when things are right.
Knicksfresh::"Good NBA teams never have off nights or find themselves in a hole at any point during a game."  -dayda77
Hines Ward Zombie::lets not make this troll too famous....
Knicksfresh::Yeah good point, I'll stop there.
HomeOfTheJETS::What u seem to not understand is that the knicks are a jump shooting team. When they are on they can beat anyone, and when they are off they can lose to anyone. Good thing knicks have mostly good shooters hence the 32-16 record
kmoe332::Is Sheed gonna be back this year? I thought i heard he might be done for the year
HomeOfTheJETS::Heard they planning on his return after the All-Star Break
HomeOfTheJETS::I guess Dayda forgets that rondo was the reason they last celtic game was remotely close. And yes the C's beat us without rondo once but that was when we was without felton, shump, and sheed......
HomeOfTheJETS::Yea the Honey Nut Cheerios Game
kmoe332::and Melo losing his head haha and shooting 20%. and it was still close.
kmoe332::If you notice, the teams that are giving the Knicks problems lately are young teams with really good pgs that are pushing the ball, The Celtics are not in this category right now. Also the playoffs do not start right now so that means nothing.
dayda77::Right now, Knicks would play Celtics.  Even without Rondo-- Celtics take out Knicks.  Celtics have won 6 straight since Rondo went down. And they will play tough playoff defense.  Knicks won't.
HomeOfTheJETS::Celtics suck.... Last time the knicks played them melo missed about 8 wide open shots. He played horrible until the 4th so did JR smith. Knicks would beat them in 5 easily
kmoe332::and im pretty sure Magic Johnson said he thinks the Knicks will be in the mix to win it all.. You think he knows anything about basketball?
dayda77::You see what Charles Barkley said the other day? "Nets have higher playoff ceiling than the Knicks".  You think Sir Charles knows a little about hoops?  you think he watches more games than anyone here?  Yeah, I think so.
dayda77::and what you fail to understand is that there is a HUGE difference in the game once the playoffs start.  DEFENSE takes center stage.  Knicks 3 point shots will be contested like nothing they are used to in regular season.  A 3 point chucking team will go down hard in playoffs.  especially a 3 point chucking team that is 28th in assists and 23rd in rebounding.  Truth.
ckonas::kmoe332 - how do you think your team the Nets are going to do in the playoffs?  Nets are a good rebounding team; rebounding is important when trying to win in the playoffs.
kmoe332::really though. all you being a clown aside. How do you think they will do 2nd half and in the playoffs?
kmoe332::how do you think your team the Nets are going to do in the playoffs?
dayda77::Dayda 77: "Basketball Sucking for 200 Alex!"  Alex: "The Jeopardy answer is:  84-58".   Dayda77: "What was the score  in the Knicks- Sixers game a couple of weeks ago after 3 quarters Alex?"  Alex: Right Dayda77!  and it was the Sixers-- without Bynum, mopping the floor with the healthy Knicks!  Dayda, select again:  Dayda:  "Ignorant, foolhardy fans for 600 Alex!"  Alex: "The Jeopardy answer is: This team is 28th in assists, 23rd in rebounds, will be eliminated in first round of playoffs, and has an idiot owner who only cares about fleecing the fans" Dayda77: "who are the Knicks?"  Alex: Right again dayda77!"
dayda77::garbage time against bulls both times. also against blazers and sixers.  when the other team is up 25 in the 4th and puts in their scrubs, etc-- who cares -- games were over and done with.
Knicksfresh::I'll take worthless trolls on the internet that haven't a clue about basketball  for 1000 Alex. Do you mind if I answer before you ask the question? It's dayda77. Alex: That's amazing, you are correct.
kmoe332::nets
HomeOfTheJETS::1 game but u forget to bring up the other two times we played them when we mopped the floor with them on a back to back.
HomeOfTheJETS::1 game to the sixers. Houston is another version of the knicks. They shoot the three and they have blown about 8 or nine teams out already this year.  You can say what u want about the bulls games but the knicks dropped 40 in the 4th of both games to make the score respectible and not on backups either.And u bring up portland  MATTER FACT ALL THOSE GAMES U BRUNG UP BESIDES THE SIXERS AND ROCKETS GAMES THE KNICKS CAME BACK AND ALMOST WON THOSE.
kmoe332::and their record is still 2nd best in the east.. crazy. Knicks were down 20 in a few games, Miami lost twice to the knicks by 20. so by your logic Miami must be so awful
dayda77::not one game you moron.  down by over 20 to Bulls Twice.  down by over 25 to rockets twice.  down by 20 to portland-- gee, that's more than one game homey.
Hines Ward Zombie::crickets....
dayda77::oh!  that was the excuse?  so now that felton is back he is great right?  oh, wait, 1 assist and 3 to's tonight.  just 3 assists against the wiz in a loss the other night.  gee!  guess he's still "uncomfortable" right?  and what was excuse when felton had one assist against rockets when they were UP BY 27 AT THE GARDEN? oh, right-- he was uncomfortable even before his injury. yeah, that's it.
Knicksfresh::Felton was just getting back. Was uncomfortable, you can tell he was forcing a lot to get back into the scheme of things. Not to mention a horrible shooting night for the team as a whole.
dayda77::84-58?  lmao.  what was the excuse that night?  knicks have been down over 20 points so many times this year-- just ridiculous.  no excuse to play that poorly so many times.
Hines Ward Zombie::knicks vs clippers could be a future nba finals matchup.
kmoe332::yeah and they are stuck in Minn cause of the storm
kmoe332::knicks need to worry about getting home tomorrow.. early game sunday isnt it?
HomeOfTheJETS::1pm
HomeOfTheJETS::Clips better get healthy.... Without paul they look lost
kmoe332::why would he not play? he played against the heat..
Knicksfresh::Not likely, but is expected to be at the ASG. Probably game time decision.
Hines Ward Zombie::is he playing next game!?.
HomeOfTheJETS::We started going down hill when we lost Sheed  16-4 with him  http://www.basketball-reference.com/players/w/wallara01/gamelog/2013/
Hines Ward Zombie::i saw similar stats with felton,  forgot the numbers though.
Hines Ward Zombie::i saw something like 24-7 with him on the court.
HomeOfTheJETS::25-10
HomeOfTheJETS::16-12 Without Him
Hines Ward Zombie::why is this dayda fool here!?.
kmoe332::im having a hard time believing he is not just trolling, but either way its pretty entertaining
Knicksfresh::Needs to waste time while his porn videos are downloading.
HomeOfTheJETS::Do u really wanna compare dayda???  http://www.basketball-reference.com/players/l/linje01/gamelog/2013/  http://www.basketball-reference.com/players/f/feltora01/gamelog/2013/
dayda77::throw out the 18-5 start.  was all early season fool's gold.  and now this 6-1 streak, against the dregs of the nba-- more fool's gold.
kmoe332::why will you not respond to one thing i say to you?
Knicksfresh::25-10 with Felton. How can anyone deny Felton's importance after that stat?
dayda77::Haven't been healthy?  Who were you missing against the Wizards? Who were you missing tonight against the T-Wolves?  You were healthy right?  But got spanked my Wiz and were down 11 against Wolves late before eking out a win.  So what's the excuse now?
kmoe332::using that sample instead of the whole year for??? blown off their own home court for many of them haha, 2 games have been bad at home this year, and even the Bulls game got down to single digits.. but don't let the facts get in your way
HomeOfTheJETS::what in the hell are u talking about 8-10?
dayda77::8-10 last 18 games before going 6-1 against the worst teams in the league.
dayda77::knicks went 8-10.  they are "any team".  8-10 ain't a team that is advancing in the playoffs.  8-10 certainly isn't a team that can compete for championship.  and look at those 10 losses-- they were blown off their own home court in many of them.  Sheesh, that ain't a team that's going to get out of first round.
HomeOfTheJETS::Good teams find a way to win. The Wizards arent the same sucky $@% team they were before wall.... Most experts picked them to finish as the 7th seed in the east before wall got hurt in the preseason and are 9-7 with wall so u can calm that noise down. Any team can get beat on any given day, Knicks cant go 82-0 nor can any other team. Every team in the NBA has a loss against a bad team by now. Name me 1 who doesnt
kmoe332::well they won tonight so no excuse is needed. Losing on the road to a NBA team that has wins over most of the best teams in the league is no reason to get excited. Its the NBA. Again though you are a nets fan, and if the Knicks got destroyed, than what was that tonight for the Nets?
HomeOfTheJETS::What the clown below hasnt realize is that we havent been healthy all year. And we are 32-16. This is for a hurt team. Imagine if we wasnt hurt this year. I'm really damn sure we have the best record in the NBA
dayda77::Hey Knick idiots:  Figure it out-- as long as Dolan running team-- only caring about fleecing you for $$$, 1st round exit is knicks CEILING.  It's been 12 YEARS since knicks advanced past 2nd round.  Guess how many playoff wins the Knicks have had TOTAL in last 10 + years?  TWO.  That's right-- TWO playoff wins total in last  10 + years.  Lost 4-1 to Heat last year.  4-0 to Celts the year before.  Those 20 point wins against heat at start of season ain't happening in playoffs.  and Knicks are oldest team in nba history.  lets see if Kidd, is still standing come playoff time.  Wallace and Camby hurt because they are OLD AS DIRT.  This is a young man's game.  Knicks aren't even competitive in so many games. They will be one and done.  To even think they could win a championship is the definititon of insanity.
dayda77::He played tonight.  one assist, 3 to's-- what an amazing ratio!  he played the other night against the Wiz-- trounced.  He played at Garden against Rockets:  Lin showed all he was head and shoulders best pg on the floor.  Felton one assist-- last 30 seconds of game.  But hey! Any excuse you can come up with right?  We didn't have Felton!  First it was "we need amare!-- then wait till shump!  always an excuse.
kmoe332::has to be trolling.. nobody is this stupid
Knicksfresh::Yeah, just came to the conclusion. He can't socialize so he trolls, how pathetic.
dayda77::Felton 4-11 from the field with one assist and 3 to's!!!! wow Knicks fans-- he's the reason you went 8-10 in last 18 before going 6-1 against worst teams in the league!  Thank goodness you have him back!  Wow, he is so much better than Jeremy Lin!  Wow he is a terrific point guard!
Knicksfresh::He wasn't playing in much of the 8-10 stretch numbnuts.
kmoe332::hes saying pretty much the same thing over and over.. gets proven wrong and then posts the same garbage. pretty entertaining. This is why i almost think he is trolling because i just do not see how you can be proven wrong so much and keep going
kmoe332::the lil fella has got heart ill give him that
Knicksfresh::Damn, I woulda thought you got all of the s.hit out of your mouth by now. Maybe you should change your diet.
HomeOfTheJETS::Actually we only had 1 playoff win the last 10 years...... But you know the knicks right?
HomeOfTheJETS::Before the nets lost to the lakers and the Wizards this week do y'all know they were 19-0 against teams under .500 at the time they played them. but was 9-19 against teams .500 and above...... LMAO
HomeOfTheJETS::I dont care if the nets were the 1 Seed, they arent passing the first round. They crumble against good teams
Knicksfresh::Haha, I did not. Let's hope for their sake that they stupidly decide to take the worst 7 teams and Brooklyn into the eastern playoffs.
dayda77::Knicks 28th in league in assists.  23rd in rebounding.  suck at defense.  Rely on 3 pointers, and that reliance on the 3 is DEATH in the playoffs where teams like the Heat, Bulls, Pacers and Celtics play tenacious D.  But the Knicks will compete for the title!  They are a good team, honest!  Going 8-10 was not really them!  We just went 6-1!  ok, we got spanked by Wiz, barely escaped against Minnessota, beat Detroit, beat Orlando, beat Sacramento-- hey, we're great aren't we?  Laughing my $@% off at the total delusion of Knicks fans.
kmoe332::whats crazy is that on cbs he is not even the worst, look from the other night when they lost to Wiz.. atthewall there.. its the same exact thing after every knicks loss, sometimes even after wins.  Yeah i mean sometimes its tough to think someone can be so ridiculous on accident though, hard to really believe he thinks what he is saying is intelligent in any way
kmoe332::haha you are a nets fan, and you are getting owned after everything you say. just does not get old for you does it? This might just be an epic troll job?
Knicksfresh::You know, I was thinking that. But he is too dedicated to talking down to the Knicks. It's one bad troll job if it is one.
HomeOfTheJETS::We spanked the pacers already as well as the heat.... Bulls play us well but who's to say we even see them in the playoffs? Celtics are a Non F'ing Factor and the Nets are washed
Knicksfresh::top 10 in defense, check the knicks front page stats. By the way, did you know that players get injured? Thought I'd let you know since you seem to be clueless about it.
HomeOfTheJETS::Just wait until we get Sheed and Camby back then we will finally see the real knicks team for the first time all season
kmoe332::then they are going to be like 11 deep haha
Knicksfresh::SHEED. We're 18-6 with him. Definitely a huge part of this team.
Knicksfresh::"Any team that doesn't go 82-0 in the regular season won't make it to the second round of the playoffs."  -dayda77
felis silvestris::<sub><sub><sub>true statement</sub></sub></sub>
RNYC::He thinks its college football. Undefeated means a shot at the bcs title game
Knicksfresh::He's just another clueless observer wasting his own time.
dayda77::Here are teams that would all beat Knicks in 7 game playoff series if Playoffs were to start today: Heat, Bulls, Nets, Pacers, Celtics, Spurs, Thunder, Clippers, Nuggets, Grizzly, Warriors, Rockets.  Bulls have crushed Knicks twice at Garden without Rose.  Pacers will get Granger back.  Nets just slapped Knicks last game at Garden.  Rockets and Lin have DISMANTLED Knicks twice--including have a 27 POINT lead at Garden.  Heck, even the Blazers and Sixers led Knicks from wire to wire recently, with both teams having 20 point leads.  Knicks all about the 3-- and that goes bye bye in playoffs when Defense takes center stage.  Knicks are who they are.  They are a team that just got wasted by the Wizards, and who just struggled to get by wolves.  So they just beat the Magic and other scrubs, big deal.  The Knicks are a mediocre team and the oldest team in NBA history who can't play good defense.  Anyone who thinks they get out of 1st round is delusional.
HomeOfTheJETS::Knicks only worried about Miami. We never played the bulls with Amare or Shumpert  As well as alot of other teams. We aint even fully healthy yet. Nets never smashed us. 2 close wins, while we beat them 1 close game and blew them out another. Pacers beat the knicks when Melo got suspended for the KG incident.... Bulls played a figment of the knicks team they will face in the playoffs. Rockets shot lights out twice against the knicks this year. Celtics are no threat to the knicks without rondo. Need to take ya $@% somewhere
HomeOfTheJETS::dayda77 - Bulls were figment of themselves without Rose.  Compare rose to about 5 knicks that where hurt in those games. 3 were starters
dayda77::Bulls were figment of themselves without Rose.
kmoe332::haha its so funny cause if the playoffs started today they would not play any of those teams.. so therefor using what you just said they would get out of the first round. Which oddly enough contradicts your last sentence.. Oops
kmoe332::haha i wonder if he realizes the whole east west thing.. the way he talks im not to sure he knows how it works
RNYC::Half of the teams are in the west.
HomeOfTheJETS::go ya $@% somewhere
NY R4NG3R5 PL4N3T::dayda is getting crushed on this board. Amusement +100
kmoe332::lol go to cbssports under tonights recap... guess which one is dayda.. lol there is no way it is not him
Knicksfresh::Haha, just saw it. Mustard Rat is definitely him.
Knicksfresh::Only reason why I can't leave, haha.
4oh2HuskerNation::Knicks 4-1 against division leaders. 3 wins by double didgets. Heat got wrecked by Knicks 2 times. Spurs lost at home to the Knicks. Pacers got smashed, Nets beat us by what under 5 points both times? Where we smashed them once. Melo Is the best pure scorer in the game. Also statistically the most clutch player of all time. 2 good big men, a guy that can score whenever he wants, 2 point guards, and shumpert who can be a lockdown defender. Not to mention JR who can score off the bench easily. Oh wait and we have a deadly 3 point shooter? That sounds like everything that a contender needs and more. They hate on the Knicks cause they are scared. Go back to Boston or Brooklyn dayda.
RNYC::Look at lin's season numbers and get back to me. Look at mchale leaving Lin on the bench for toney Douglass at crunch time this year and come back to me.  Lin is a mediocre PG.
dayda77::Injuries?  First knicks fans said: wait till amare comes back.  then excuse was: wait till shump comes back.  then excuse: wait till felton comes back. now knicks win 6-7 against minnesota, sacramento, orlando, milwaukee, atlanta and detroit-- and delusionally you think the knicks are a great team?  LMAO.
kmoe332::please look at my post from a few minutes ago.. the one about Lin averaging less points, assists, less wins, more losses, more turnovers.. and come back with something somewhat intelligent.
dayda77::u don't even watch the games husker.  Felton had zero assists in rockets game until last 30 SECONDS of game-- got  one assist in garbage time.  Lin had 16 points and 8 assists at the half.
Knicksfresh::So highlights are what makes a player better? How about getting your team some wins? I'm gonna laugh when the Lakers go on another streak to bounce Houston out of the playoffs.
dayda77::you are a moron if you think felton is better than Lin.  an utter moron.  Watch some highlights of Lin this year.  you obviously have not watched him.  He came to the Garden and proved it-- showed up Felton (and Kidd) in the worst way.
RNYC::This guy is a Lin Stan get it now. He's butt hurt about Lin. He's used the Lin example 4-5 times thus far. Face it man he's in Houston and highly mediocre. We don't need him. 32-16. 10-3 since Felton Returned from injury. Shut up.  Felton is better than Lin and better FOR THE KNICKS than Lin.
Knicksfresh::Oh, so you're saying he had a better day?!?! DID YOU GUYS KNOW THAT A PLAYER CAN HAVE AN OFF DAY OR  A DAY WHERE THEY'RE ON?!?!?! THANK YOU, DAYDA.
Knicksfresh::He/she is truly an idiot. If season wins mean nothing then why does he/she keep bringing up the Knicks' record in part of the regular season? To point out the loss of momentum from injuries? What a stupid argument from him/her.
4oh2HuskerNation::He acts like losing a few games here and there is unheard of. Last time I checked you don't win 32 + games before the Allstar break by luck. This isn't college basketball, this is the NBA. Every team has the potential to win any 1 game. And everyone brings there A game at you when you're at the top, that's how it works. He doesn't understand the game.
Knicksfresh::dayda, I'm sorry but you are absolutely clueless as to the flow of NBA Basketball. Teams get hot and injuries plague teams. Sometimes teams have a difficult time adjusting to a missing piece or two, and teams can only hope that they're healthy come playoff time. Sometimes teams match up well with other teams(i.e. Houston and Chicago). It's the way the game is played, and pointing out the bad in a team doesn't mean they are less than good.
dayda77::Thanks to idiot owner Dolan-- Knicks are oldest team IN NBA HISTORY. ERGO-- Knicks will have more and more break downs and injuries.  It won't be a fluke, it will be because the are old.  Stop living on the 18-5 start.  That was built on Knicks draining an insane amount of 3's, and Melo actually playing a little bit of D for first time in his career.  That was not the reality of who this team is.  The reality is a team that just went 8-10 with amazingly lopsided losses on their own home floor.  Games where they got run out of the Garden.  Now as the playoffs come, defense takes center stage.  The team that just got toasted by the Wizards, and just "escaped" against the powerful T-wolves (lol) -- that is who the Knicks are.
kmoe332::lol you little rat.... hahaha. does it ever get old looking like a complete clown? You are a Nets fan. Toasted was what happened to them tonight by the Wizards
Knicksfresh::Yeah ok, whatever helps you get the s.hit out of your mouth.
letsgoknicks6464::Dayda all you keep doing is bringing up the wizards game and tonight (yet we won tonight). your not bringing up the fact that we were on a 5-game winningstreak before the wizards game. Wizards beat the heat and tonight the Nets as well. You sound like you're clueless and just hate the knicks so for that, we automatically suck
dayda77::Jeremy Lin and Rockets came to Garden and DESTROYED Knicks with Felton.  Up 27 points in 4th quarter.  Felton had ZERO assists until last 30 minutes in game. Lin dominated, getting to the rim AT WILL.  Have you seen Lin play any games this year?  Did you see him play Christmas day at Chicago?  He is better than Felton by a landslide.
RNYC::Who cares that's one game. He's better than Lin and more importantly he's better for the Knicks than Lin. Get a clue man seriously.
dayda77::typo-- Felton HAD ZERO ASSISTS AGAINST ROCKETS UNTIL LAST 30 SECONDS OF GAME, WHEN HE GOT ONE ASSIST IN GARBAGE TIME.  IF YOU WERE A REAL FAN, YOU WOULD HAVE KNOWN THAT-- BUT YOU PROBABLY DON'T EVEN WATCH THE GAMES.
kmoe332::k Felton vs Lin. One player is averaging less points, less assists, more turnovers, is being paid more, his team has less wins, more losses... That player is Jeremy Lin yet he is better by a landslide? Well done
RNYC::This guy is a Lin Stan get it now. He's butt hurt about Lin. He's used the Lin example 4-5 times thus far. Face it man he's in Houston and highly mediocre. We don't need him. 32-16. 10-3 since Felton Returned from injury. Shut up.
4oh2HuskerNation::5-1 against division leaders. Sup hater
4oh2HuskerNation::Ok so he didn't have an assist in the 1st quarter? YOU SOUND SO STUPID WITH AN ARGUMENT LIKE THAT.
dayda77::14-11  last 25 games.  Before winning 6 of last 7 against mostly very bad teams, Knicks were 8-10 in last 18 games.  Is that not the very definition of mediocre?
kmoe332::what is their overall record? Ok then, now think real hard and tell me if that is just  mediocre. use a sample size with any team and you make them look mediocre. Man you sound a lot like a tool over at cbssports.. you wouldnt happen to be a Nets fan would you?
Knicksfresh::Oh I'm sorry, I thought our STARTING POINT GUARD WAS OUT. Even if you only watched one Knicks game with Felton in this year, it is evident how important he is to this team.
dayda77::tell me what happened the last 2 times knicks played the Bulls at the Garden. Tell me what happened last time Knicks played the Nets at the Garden. Tell me what happened when Rockets and Jeremy Lin came to Garden. Heck, tell me what happened when Portland came to the Garden.  Knicks are 28th in the league in assists.  they are 23rd in league in rebounds.  they live and die by the 3.  and in the playoffs, you die by the 3 because teams play defense.  Get a grip dude-- the knicks are a mediocre team at best.  Oh, and the 5 game winning streak you speak of?  Atlanta, Orlando, Milwaukee, Sacramento, and Detroit? All at home?  You know you sound silly don't you?
dayda77::The games against the Heat were in november (first game of year) and early december (18th game of year). They have played 30 games since then and have been mediocre every step of the way.  It's a differerent game in playoffs.  Knicks aren't beating Heat by a point, let alone 20.  Stop living in the past.  You know the New York Giants were 6-2 at one point right?  Knicks are who the are right now.  Mark my words-- they will NOT advance to 2nd round of playoffs.
4oh2HuskerNation::We won in san antonio. And How about the 2 beat downs we gave the heat ? The Beatdown we gave Brooklyn, the Beatdown we gave the lakers, the pacers. Atlanta is a good team. This is the NBA bro. Every team competes. Knicks have one of the most impressive resumes in the NBA. Show me 1 other team in the NBA that's beaten the heat twice by double didgets. Last time I checked, the Knicks had a 5-1 record against division leaders.
dayda77::Stoudemire is back, and yet they lose to the Wizards and stuggle against the Wolves.  They were 8-10 in last 18 games (and Stoudemire was back for most of that) before winning 6 of 7 against low rung teams.  And why do you possibly think this team will get out of first round of playoffs?  Are you kidding?  This is the reality. 18-5 was fools gold.  8-10 is reality.  winning 6 of 7 against crap teams means what?
Knicksfresh::I could make any team look bad by pointing out their losses as well. Do you have any idea how biased you have sounded in your posts? I'll admit that conversation was solid before Stoudemire was back, but now that we have more low post options, there are other ways for the Knicks to score. Oh and by the way, Knicks are top 10 in defense according to their stats on their front page. You sound like you just started watching the Knicks and ran down their schedule to point out their losses.
RNYC::Seriously our starting point guard missed a month. You don't think that has anything to do with the 14-11 record?  Since he's been back the Knicks are back on track. It's an 82 game season buddy no team goes 82-0. There are bad losses sprinkled in there. My expectations are realistic. They'll finish a top 2-3 team barring injury. Get out of the first round. Probably win the second round series and see the ecf. That's huge for this city bball wise. We get it you hate NYC. U hate the Knicks but be reasonable when u post. Don't just spew nonsense about a loss here or there as the reason why a team is destined to flame out
Kobeis not the GOAT::I agree not title contenders, but you have to at least give them credit enough to say they are better than "mediocre"
letsgoknicks6464::And the reason we cooled of 23 games ago and started avg just a bit over .500 is because our pg was hurt
phlawed1::They could not even pause the game to recognize for only the second time in NBA HISTORY a player got 12,000 assist? That is one thing I do love about baseball and even football. When historic milestones are reached you stop the game and give respects.
dayda77::Pause the game? wtf?  How would you "pause" the game?  Don't be ridiculous.  They didn't even 'pause the game" in Boston when Garnett got his 25,000th point.  No class in minny?  What, you wanted them to take the ball out of play, have the fans cheer Kidd in the middle of a tight game?  Sheesh.  get a grip already.
IAMLEGEND_101::no class in minny.
O Zone Pro.::Stupid haters on here making no sense what so ever, if we beat the Wolves by 1 or by 100 it doesn't matter how we get the win. All that nonsense about the Knicks will lose in the 1st round in the playoffs is played out just like the when Amar'e and Melo can not play together. Crazy how a few says certain things base on their opinion then all the haters agree and start saying the same things others say.
IAMLEGEND_101::zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
dayda77::Here are teams that would all beat Knicks in 7 game playoff series if Playoffs were to start today: Heat, Bulls, Nets, Pacers, Celtics, Spurs, Thunder, Clippers, Nuggets, Grizzly, Warriors, Rockets.  Bulls have crushed Knicks twice at Garden without Rose.  Pacers will get Granger back.  Nets just slapped Knicks last game at Garden.  Rockets and Lin have DISMANTLED Knicks twice--including have a 27 POINT lead at Garden.  Heck, even the Blazers and Sixers led Knicks from wire to wire recently, with both teams having 20 point leads.  Knicks all about the 3-- and that goes bye bye in playoffs when Defense takes center stage.  Knicks are who they are.  They are a team that just got wasted by the Wizards, and who just struggled to get by wolves.  So they just beat the Magic and other scrubs, big deal.  The Knicks are a mediocre team and the oldest team in NBA history who can't play good defense.  Anyone who thinks they get out of 1st round is delusional.
RNYC::Woodson needs to make sure that amare gets more touches so he gets the confidence that he can get 18-22 b/c it's going to be necessary come playoff time.
IAMLEGEND_101::srucbio shoots like dwight howard
letsgoknicks6464::Wolves will always suck. Knicks are going places, wolves arent. Oh, and we owned you twice this year
IAMLEGEND_101::UNO
bradwinsall::I don't wanna jinx it because mostly likely Target Center will get swallowed by a sink hole, half the team will develop shingles or mutate into lizards but Ricky looks like hes getting back in to the swing of things. Playoffs completely out of the question but they could finish the season reasonably strong once they get all their guys back. Add a lottery pick and minus Roy and things could look up in 2014
Ameero80::Knicks will lose to the Celtics if the playoffs started today
IAMLEGEND_101::32-16 thats all
IAMLEGEND_101::the only east playoff team the knicks have  a losing rec  against is the bulls.
dayda77::what part of the Knicks team that you have seen over last TWENTY FIVE games tells you they will advance in playoffs?  Seriously-- what are you seeing?  Did what you see tonight against wolves give you confidence?  did what you see against Wizards tell you "wow- we are good!"?  Did beating the Magic give you confidence?  Please watch other teams play.  Please realize how the game markedly changes in the playoffs.  Please realize the Knicks don't play D.  Please realize they are going nowhere in the playoffs.
IAMLEGEND_101::im not being stupid man you sound like a hater. you dont like the knicks so they suck.  you're saying the knicks are the worst playoff team in the east lmao. ok im done
dayda77::Legend-- don't be stupid.  If Knicks started out 32-0, but were now tailspinning and had lost 16 straight, saying "32-16"! doesn't mean squat.  Conversely, a team that had lost it's first 16 games, but had then won 32 in a row-- that would be the team to predict would go places.  it's how you've been playing lately, and Knicks went 18-5 at beginning of season when teams not playing defense like they will in playoffs.  Celtics, Bulls, Pacers, Heat, Hawks, Bucks, Nets all &gt; Knicks when playoffs start.  If Sixers get Bynum, they too &gt; than Knicks (don't forget they just CRUSHED Knicks a couple of weeks ago.  Go look up 11 losses in Knicks 14-11 run. Most they got EMBARRASSED.
RNYC::Your post is dumb. It's an 82 game season teams ebb and flow. I bet in your heart of hearts you have the heat winning it all despite being 1.5 games better than the Knicks. It has nothing to do with trending in february. Hypocrite
IAMLEGEND_101::32-16 and your team is?
dayda77::If Knicks so great-- why have they just gotten blown out by Wizards and were down 11 in 4th before getting lucky against a woeful T-Wolves team?  You have to be kidding.
Ameero80::lol at their grit
letsgoknicks6464::We have depth, every player plays his part chandler, stoudemire, novak, smith, melo, kidd, felton, brewer. wallace, come on man, Knicks&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;celtics
letsgoknicks6464::Why? No we would not, we have more grit
IAMLEGEND_101::AND LOVE SUCKS. LOSING RECORD EVERY SEASON. OVERRATED STAT PADDER
IAMLEGEND_101::not really amare has a post game now. and rasheed wallace.
IAMLEGEND_101::wolves are trash. when they are relevant let me know
dayda77::Knicks are out in 1st round of playoffs.  That is the reality.  There whole game is the 3 point shot-- and that is eliminated in the playoffs when the teams that know how to play D ramp it up.  Get a clue Knicks fans-- James Dolan has ruined the Knicks for years to come. He gave away a king's ransom for Melo, when Melo and his wife were coming to Manhattan NO MATTER WHAT!   Dolan is the idiot who folds a royal flush to a pair of 5's!   He made that giant trade just so he could triple ticket prices early.  He could have had Melo for nothing!  Knicks fans can be so stupid.  Then he didn't resign Lin because Lin's  agents EMABARASSED the poor fool!  Lin came to Garden and was best point guard on the floor-- getting to rim AT WILL!  LMAO-- Knicks ceiling next 10 years: 1st round exit. Mark it down.
dayda77::Miami will play killer D in playoffs.  Knicks don't know how.  That is end of story.  That is reality of NBA playoffs.  Those games against Heat mean NOTHING.
pfcsnow7::so ur saying its ok for miami to lose to and have close gms with crap teams and play like the reg season dont matter but when the knicks do it and r slumping a bit, and still maintain a decent lead in the atlantic its blasphemy? and we suck and we arent a good team. u my friend need to realize that the NBA is full of double standards apparently .
King_Melo_7::I seen the BEAT downs they gave Miami TWICE by 20+ points I also seen Wins over the Spurs, Pacers, Nets, and other teams people said they would lose to easily
dayda77::What part of Knicks play since 18-5 makes you think they are any good?  Have you seen the beat downs they have taken at the Garden?  Have you seen what the Bulls did to them TWICE without Rose?  Have you seen what the Rocket have done to the Knicks TWICE?  Knicks aren't even competing in these games.  Look at last two games against WIzards and Wolves.  What's the excuse now?  First it was wait till we have Amare-- then wait till shump, then wait till Felton-- what is excuse for last 2 games?  What is excuse for 14-11 last 25?  Sheesh, grab a dose of reality-- this is anything but a good team.
King_Melo_7::Basing this on????? Go back and look at there previous 2 exits in the first round, They had major injuries. Amare played 1 game in that first playoff run and Bullups was out in that series also.  Second Playoff run, Amare just got back from being out almost 2 months with back injury, Shumpert suffered ACL injury in the first game of the playoffs, and Knicks had NO PG during that playoff run as well.
IAMLEGEND_101::love plays d lol . love is a bum. franchise player lol. wolves would still be under .500 with him. keep liking your own comments too
dayda77::You just described Carmelo.  Except Love plays D and rebounds.
King_Melo_7::Gut the team? dude shut up seriously, Gallo and Wilson have been nothing but injury prone during their time in Denver and nothing but average scorers, 11-17ppg thats all.   Mozgov is a straight up BUM and doesn't even sniff the court anymore.  Felton is back in NY and besides that Melo trade gave us the opportunity to acquire Tyson Chandler during the off season.
dayda77::If Melo cared about winning-- he wouldn't have allowed his idiot new owner to gut the team and future to get him.  You see how good Denver is the moment Melo left?  You see how the Knicks played their best, most exciting ball, with Jeremy Lin while Melo was out?  Melo can score with the best of them-- unfortunately, it's a team game-- and playing defense is a big part of that too.  Melo = lazy defender. Melo = ball stop.  Melo = someone who will never have an NBA ring.  In college one player can carry a team-- not close to happening with the talent level of the NBA.
King_Melo_7::Lebron turned down the Cavs because he couldn't be the focal point on the team anymore and couldnt bring in any other Stars to help him out in Cleveland so booted to Miami to team up with 2 other All-Stars thus making his job ALOT EASIER.  Melo has more BALLS then Lebron in fact Lebron could've joined Amare and came to NY and played with Gallo, Wilson Chandler, Felton and Amare but hey to him those guys aren't good enough and settled with Wade, and Bosh down in MIIAMI
dayda77::Carmelo doesn't care about rings-- Lebron does.  If Melo cared about rings, why would he let the idiot Dolan gut the team to get him?  Knicks still paying off Denver with 2014 first round pick.  Melo was coming here no matter what-- Dolan an idiot and just wanted to raise ticket prices early-- Carmelo only caring about money-- not rings-- didn't give a flip about Knicks gutting team as long as he got paid.  Lebron different story-- turned down more from Cavs to win.
King_Melo_7::In fact Carmelo took the worst franchise in the NBA before the 04 season right into the playoffs his rookie year, Something Lebron couldn't do in Cleveland and playing out in the weak East
King_Melo_7::Too bad Carmelo has never been on a team with losing record
IAMLEGEND_101::LOVE IS NOT BETTER THEN MELO, LMAO TWOLVE FANS  ENJOY LOVE LEAVING IN A FEW YEARS.
IAMLEGEND_101::KNICKS NEED TO PLAY WITH  MORE ENERGY. THEY PLAY THESE BAD TEAMS AND GIVE NO $@%!$@% EFFORT. GOOD GAME BY THE GREAT ONE CARMELO
nikehooper4_32::Good job Rubio, finally looking like that knee is regaining some strength, sadly not enough still to another 4th quarter colapse.
bluekaze21::why no highlights for this game ?
Bocktor::T-wolves are the hypothetical winners of every game by Minnesota fans it seems.
dayda77::So funny, Knicks fans cheering so hard just to beat the Minnesota T-Wolves without their best player Kevin Love.  When Defense rules the playoffs, do Knicks fans even think they have a chance of getting out of the first round?  Since 18-5 start-- Knicks are 14-11.  Really people, get used to a first round exit-- Knicks ceiling for years to come under James Dolan.  Bulls, even without Derek Rose, have crushed Knicks at the Garden TWICE.  Heat have lost twice to Knicks early on, but will EASILY beat Knicks when DEFENSE takes over in playoffs.  Pacers will get Granger back-and be much better than Knicks.  But keeping buying that fool's gold Knicks fans.  What's your excuse for being dusted by Wizards a couple of days ago, then being down by 11 in 4th quarter against T-Wolves without their best player? And you really think the Knicks can do anything but get swept in 1st round of playoffs? Wizards and T-Wolves and you struggle to split?  Really? LMAO!!!
pfcsnow7::its ok hes one of those type of ppl that double standards dont apply to, cuz im sure he wasnt talking crazy when miami lost to us 2xs and was and considering miami seems to be coasting and getting a free pass from everyone, but the moment something goes wrong in knicks worlds ppl like this moron are quick to jump on it. its ok i understand its easier to hate.  1st rd exit flucking moron.
kjm120::Wizards have beaten the Thunder, Heat, and  Bulls all WITHOUT John Wall so whats does one game mean??
dayda77::You make no sense.  He would have been the best player on the court.  Timberwolves have not lost because of Love, one great player surrounded by bad players isn't going to win.  Knicks got damn lucky to win this game.  were down in last minutes.  LMAO that Knicks get trounced by Wizards, then need miracle comeback to beat the Wolves.  We are talking the Wiz and Wolves and the Knicks outplayed by both those bad teams. Knicks fans = DELUSIONAL to think their team won't be swept in 1st round.  Do Knicks fans ever watch other teams play in other games?  Get a grip-- Knicks =  mediocre at best.
dayda77::An all star wouldn't have changed this game?  Knicks STRUGGLED to beat this pathetic team.  With Love, Knicks lose by 10 points at least.  Bulls leading Knicks at Garden in 4th Q by over 20 points TWICE.  Jeremy Lin and Rockets leading Knicks by 27 in 4th at Garden.  Portland leading Knicks by 19 at the Garden.  Wait till Bulls get Rose back.  Knicks are oldest team in NBA history.  Will be swept in 1st round-- mark it down.
animosity35::timberwolves= 5 years losing record with Love  what makes you think Love would have changed anything today against a red hot knicks team?
animosity35::kevin love is a proven loser. i dont see whats so great about him. not like he was going to change anything about this game.
