kirkaz72::Nice game I.T......Woof Woof
amiller244::No disrespect, I loved watching him in college, but I knew Jimmer Fredette was gonna be a bust. He's a great shooter but couldn't believe he was a lottery pick based on his other offensive limitations and horrible defense.
KJsactown::Using a bet system called Sportsbettingstar. Ive made 3K a month the past 3 months now using this systems picks. If you bet you have to see this system at work. Google sports betting systems to find out how it works
KJsactown::Playing this betting system named sportsbettingstar. Im making around 2-3K a month proifts using this systems picks. You can find this system online by searching for sports betting systems. I have bet a long time and this is one of the most accurate systems I have seen
Chargersfan4life005::DAMN
Blitherpolecat::Cousins said to Mike Beasley I know where we can get that tree I know all the sac town spots And money I have a lots There Iq is a combined 55 Beasley has prooven he cant drive
Chargersfan4life005::nice
TheTruthDontLie7::lol
playmakerzam::lets go raptors!
Krisistaylored::I feel bad for that G money guy though. Ouch.
arizonasting13::WTF did Tyreke just say in the interview?!
Chargersfan4life005::GG Suns fans, GL with the tanking
Krisistaylored::Yes!!! And I took the Raptors line tonight. And took the GS line by -2. Sooooo the Raptors is a lock.
conradbetterbettor::Unreality
arizonasting13::Thank you Kings. :) Much needed loss
undr8d::Unfortunately the Lakers won.
Dook Smells TRBL::76% of betters took the Lakers to cover -8 tonight. JOKES
Orange6O2::Gamblers are funny
arizonasting13::Gamblers, whattup
Dook Smells TRBL::Krisis, how do you make 400 a month betting on EVERY nba game?
Krisistaylored::20 bucks on each game. I get the pick the line right about 75 percent of the time... Started out with just 20 bucks, got a 200 dollar check in the mail today and still have 200 left to try to make more $$.
thunderwolves41::why foul? just let the game end!!
Dook Smells TRBL::why would they foul lol
Orange6O2::To make gamblers angry
Gmoneywinter::$@%!$@% stupid!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Krisistaylored::Comeon.. make these.
mdv1809::Beasley had $$ on the kings LOL
Gmoneywinter::no way!!!!!
thunderwolves41::make both and phoenix don't shoot
arizonasting13::haha that dude lost his bet
BLazEdTrailerz::u were saying....?
arizonasting13::that guy that took the Suns +7
TheTruthDontLie7::Beasley entered the league w so much hype all the kids would say "man he's so tight!" but little did they know, he was in love w the pipe soon as  he gets paid, its off 4 the night all the homies say come on lets score... 1 blunt 2 blunt 3 blunts....4 but now M Beazzy's no more.... mind and body trippin, in a daze on the floor
arizonasting13::fantastic
Orange6O2::Damn...
conradbetterbettor::No reason to not cover suns.  Don't mess up my wet dream
Gmoneywinter::6 teamer riding on Phoenix +7
arizonasting13::So pumped for Brittney Griner ;) Go mercury!
Gmoneywinter::I don't think
Gmoneywinter::If they miss they won't foul
knicks_112ndcoming::sacremento fans. how long will it take to get u back in the playoffs?
Dook Smells TRBL::And now we play the free throw game
thunderwolves41::Miss and foul please
Micphoria::I know Seattle will get the Kings but they would be much better off taking the Phoenix Coyotes
arizonasting13::Yotes are actually doing better with attendance this year, they aren't in last anymore
BLazEdTrailerz::I think they were trying to. But then they made the playoffs last year and the city realized it should keep at least 1 winning professional team.
arizonasting13::Dbacks and Suns are typically good.
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::Who do we Draft?
JahiiCarson-ASUsFinest::gj THOMAS!
arizonasting13::yay we lose!
Orange6O2::Such stubborn morons The Suns continue to play Like they want to win
arizonasting13::Don't get any funny ideas, Suns.
FORKWDEVIL::Love it.
Orange6O2::The gambler's folly Betting on a Suns-Kings game How stupid of them
jir9393::if i did plus 5 for suns at second half then how do i win?
jir9393::so if suns loose by 6 i win
Dook Smells TRBL::-7 for sacramento
jir9393::what was the spread
Dook Smells TRBL::if kings don't cover the spread, you win
Dook Smells TRBL::whos playing
arizonasting13::Lakers might actually lose
Krisistaylored::I need the Kings to win by 8... smh
Gmoneywinter::I need Phoenix +7 to hit a 6 teamer and make a G!
Dook Smells TRBL::you have a gambling problem if you're betting on this game
Orange6O2::That's what they all say in the beginning
Krisistaylored::Dook Smells TRBL - you have a gambling problem if you're betting on this game  Not a gambling problem at all. Just put 20 bucks on ever NBA game and am up about $400 dollars in a month. Nice little pay check for a college student when all I can have is a part time job.
jir9393::if i did plus 5 for suns at second half then how do i win?
jir9393::i cant
conradbetterbettor::Do the math broomstick
Mariagene8545::Score anyone
Orange6O2::116-110 Kings
conradbetterbettor::Are the suns covering yet?
Mariagene8545::Core anyone
Orange6O2::Yes, I do a core workout everyday
BLazEdTrailerz::What kind of workout can you do with a core? I usually just throw it in the garbage when I"m done
Orange6O2::A double-double The furious dragon strikes He is so dreamy
