Chi.Twn.Native::Noah = Best center in league.
surfzone365::Ahhh...Go Bulls!
Jackiemoonsexy::Kirk is a play-maker, facilitating the offense for Bulls
KillMeBaby::the offence runs like butter with kirk in the game.
Jackiemoonsexy::<b>Hey Reggie! haven't you seen Noah lately?</b>
Jaguarcrazyboy::Joakim Noah is having a great year.. It us utter none sense that he isn't getting attention by the media... It is disrespectful and a disgrace.
dsdkb4@comcast.net::Hey Eastern Seaboard Programming Network! Way to slight the ally oop to Jimmy Butler on your socalled top ten! What's the problem it happened to one of your teams?!?!
jamie5734::The Bulls are 6-1 against the Knicks and Nets  We run New York
louiedajet::They prefer to be called Jew York...
Rose MVP CHI::It just showed us how important that Kirk dude is...  Lets get the win in Indy!!!
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::bulls doing a good job of showing rose isn't that special.
DaFranchize11::did you watch them play the heat or thunder? they definitely need rose's offense
Ontario925::What does that make D Will now?
ice_in_my_veinz::rose is a poor mans iverson
Ontario925::The Chicago Bulls have more NBA Championships than both NYC area NBA teams and the Detroit Pistons all combined.
ice_in_my_veinz::cool what about the cubs.
sources says::86 your turn
mjtothemax3::What does the cubs have anything to do with basketball???
ChiSportsDaBest::Cool what about the mets.
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::.
Poor Oregon::Deron Williams sucks now wtf
Rob1434::Deron Williams is a punk !
bwp2bruce::He sucked all along. Why do you think Sloan retired?
Dane Kitazaki::Heat -4.5, Pacers -7, Pacers/Bulls under 179, OKC/Clippers under 204, Spurs -11
ice_in_my_veinz::lol
Dane Kitazaki::Im a Dane fan first and foremost.  If it was a bad spot for them, I wouldnt bet them
ice_in_my_veinz::MEMBER SINCE 08 AND A HEAT FAN
Dane Kitazaki::dont worry about that.  Heat fan since Zo
lakurz rock::i didn't watch the game, but did noah and boozer "combine" in a sexual way? the article title on the espn nba page seemed to suggest something a little weird went on between these two.
dogs::oh sup lakurz
garnolfini::Knicks run NYC.
Ontario925::But the Bulls run both the Knicks and Nets.
ice_in_my_veinz::BROOK LOPEZ CAN'T REBOUND. WHO CARES IF YOU SCORE POINTS. DUDE IS SOFT AS COTTON
geeman217::He can take 3-steps getting to the bucket tho...
ice_in_my_veinz::DWILL USE TO BE GOOD
sources says::Lopez with 3 rebounds. lol
NyDesire::"We're in a slump again so I want Carliesemo fired."  -Deron Williams
rmc1211::this guy needs to stop jackassing around and starte blatche, im sorry but just no offensive output what so ever from the power foward spot. i love evans hustle and tenacity on the boards but we need the starting 4 to get a few points atleast..
Prigioni4MVP::Lo
Prigioni4MVP::
Prigioni4MVP::<b> Brooklyn has been the most overrated joke in the NBA this season.  Everyone pickin' them ahead of the Knicks, what  flippin' joke <b></b></b>
OmniVersal::Brooklyn they fall hard lol
The Pick Is In Ladies And Gentleman::lol dont know why that is funny but it is
Sportaddition1314::Why does everyone who is half way decent with a first name starting with a D actually have to be called D?...hence DRose, Dwade, Dwill. People tried to do it with Howard but he was too dumb to understand that people were talking to him. Just call them by their first name for %$^&amp; sake.
geeman217::Sorry we can't help the "anal" fan in you "Sportsaddition1314".  nick names and shortening (of)athletes names have been around for years.  IT ain't gonna change cause "Sportsnation's" irritated by it...
Erica6592::It is a cultural thing! At times, I will call them by their last names so I don't get confused!
DBrownDrose::out of nowhere i started watching taj gibson highlights, now i want him to come back soon http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BmN-MIbvLks u guys remember this
BEARS_beets_BattlestarGalactica::Well, that about settles it. Noah is the second best center after Marc Gasol.
hostdude99::Lopez had three rebounds?  Seriously.  Evans has had 8 points over 7 games?  Evans + Lopez = 1 starter.
Bevente::Bottom line is that this is a very good team without Rose.  Any idiot that tries to compare them to the cavs with lebron needs to shut up.  The cavs won 19 games in their year without lebron and before irving.  Not even close to this hardworking bulls team.
Erica6592::What really separates the two teams is coaching! The Bulls haven't had Rose all year and they are STILL a playoff caliber team. The Cavs would not have made the playoffs without LBJ
DatGuy8921::In fairness, that same Cavs team completely changed the entire system bringing in Byron Scott.  Rough times were guaranteed after Bron skipped town.
Bevente::I understand that, but with this new bench and rose getting hurt there was every reason in the world for the bulls to have a poor season, but they aren't having one
RNYC_125::Nets free fall begins again
sjohnson2013_08::"We need a new coach so I can lead this team to the promised land", D-Will
max5616::Deron is a queer
Erica6592::Is it just me or is Deron Williams slightly overrated?
Sportaddition1314::I used to like that guy when he played for Illinois. Now he's a joke.
RNYC_125::90mm.  He's laughing all the way to the bank
Erica6592::Thats true!
Nervous Wreck After That Day::Playing the season with injuries that can only be fixed with surgery.
Nervous Wreck After That Day::I think Noah is turning into a god.
surfzone365::I wouldn't go that far, but we'd be in real trouble without him.  He is beast!
Stephen 45::Nets get blown out against every good team its ridiculous
bulls32032::radmanovic should be cut instead of amundson when gibson comes back
Flying Through Madison Street::true Schalabrine did more than radmonovic
Flying Through Madison Street::Boozer and deng both need 20 points tommorow
surfzone365::That's going to be a tough game.  indy is playing good ball right now.
surfzone365::This Bulls team has often played better on the road, and it's not out of the question for them to win this game.  Likely? No...  But that's why they play the games. :)  Go Bulls
Flying Through Madison Street::surfzone365 - it's @ indiana  ok well....
surfzone365::it's @ indiana
Flying Through Madison Street::Yeah indiana is a good team but will the bulls or pacers be home tommorow?  Because the pacers have a bad road record
DatGuy8921::NAh they need some good weed to ease those sores.
DatGuy8921::Because he has good weed bro!
Flying Through Madison Street::thibs will have a 3 hour practice tommorow morning
geeman217::BlackhawksOwnTheNHL Bulls could push Miami to 6 games that's it, Maybe 7 if they play the best they possibly could  ______________ Way to represent the Koka Roach Heat fans... (sigh)
Kissfromaroseontheglass::dont think ray allen would survive it
DatGuy8921::He'll probably sign a contract with another team to avoid it.
Dane Kitazaki::Id say Heat in 5
DatGuy8921::The last man standing wins.  Seriously a series that long may require IV fluids courtside.
surfzone365::best of 21...thats brutal
Dane Kitazaki::best of 21?
DatGuy8921::Heat in 11.  But seriously, as a pragmatic guy, I can see the Heat taking it in six close games.  This Bulls team, though it has heart, just does not have enough ammunition to take them out.
Dane Kitazaki::Nets have seriously spent their money unwisely
Kissfromaroseontheglass::They're in a playoff position with the mess they have now, I believe they have talent but no structure
YankeeDevs::If Deron Williams was playing like a max contract player they would be much better.  I refuse to call him D-Will anymore.  Nicknames are for stars.
nonaligned::nets would've won if they made more shots...
Flying Through Madison Street::The bulls would have scored 100 if deng was worth 14 million
DatGuy8921::They still won.  So who cares about the score.
surfzone365::anyway, good game Nets fans.  Hopefully this season is the beginning of a good Chicago/Brooklyn series for many years to come! Go Bulls!
Flying Through Madison Street::Brooklyn rival?
surfzone365::Maybe more competitive than Knicks
ScalabrineSwag::a rivalry that the bulls will dominate
surfzone365::A lot of things will improve when he comes back
ScalabrineSwag::bulls not at full strength...once rose comes back we will dominate
surfzone365::Hopefully, but it's only 2-1 right now (not counting New Jersey)
DatGuy8921::Remember when the Nets stole the Spurs color design?  Great design Jay z.
YankeeDevs::Are you sure then didn't steal the Oakland Raiders colors.  Or maybe the Chicago White Sox.  It's black and white you dope, not exactly an uncommon color scheme.
YankeeDevs::Remember when Tim Duncan stole Jason Kidd's MVP award.
ArticSquarecle::Google has a problem with Kobetards also :O) http://img89.imageshack.us/img89/1918/799421b.jpg
Dane Kitazaki::i like google better
Dane Kitazaki::No, in referrence to those BING commercials.  Its now google clear cut now lol
DatGuy8921::google is synonymous with the internet.  Nothing is going to beat Google.
NameThatScrub::lmfao holy $@%! xP
DatGuy8921::Bing will just crash if you put that.
mpaylor18::Noah's favorite city is Cleveland
DatGuy8921::Noah's favorite food is rebounds.
DavidA11429::ALL BROOKLYN NETS FANS UGLY
surfzone365::I think the Nets will surpass the Knicks as being a serious EC threat.  Knicks have been floundering ever since the Patrick Ewing days, and very hard to take serious.
JDynastyBossinUp::<a> <b> haha no. Nets suck</b></a>
Dook flops and cries.::<b>FACT: The Bobcats are the only team in the NBA who's won less playoff games in the past decade than the Knicks.</b>
Jrunes520::Kid loves his own comments
Jrunes520::No, you just troll the Knicks on a nets board...
Jrunes520::Nets have more fans on the message boards than they do in the stands  Go back to jersey
JDynastyBossinUp::No he's a Clippers fan
Merle Dixon.::he's a kings fan....
Dook flops and cries.::<b>I'm not a Nets fan.</b>
BlackhawksOwnTheNHL::Bulls could push Miami to 6 games that's it, Maybe 7 if they play the best they possibly could
DatGuy8921::Maybe we'll push them to 9 games lol.
Dook flops and cries.::<b>New York sports = JOOOOOKE!!! LMAO.</b>
mpaylor18::d rose, deng, boozer, noah only combo that can beat the heat in the East
Kissfromaroseontheglass::they only need 4 games
BlackhawksOwnTheNHL::No just No.... D Rose won't be 100% and we need another Star
DatGuy8921::Against other NBA caliber players?
Dane Kitazaki::against who?  exactly
mpaylor18::Noah is playing possessed
Dane Kitazaki::Lol, not in a 7 game series pal
Kissfromaroseontheglass::Especially two guys like that who pride themselves on their talent, if you believe your the best, you yield to no one.
Dane Kitazaki::Kissfromaroseontheglass - what professional athlete would go on tv and admit that they would lose a game to someone they will never play.  But can does not mean they will right?
Kissfromaroseontheglass::what professional athlete would go on tv and admit that they would lose a game to someone they will never play.
Dane Kitazaki::I dunno, everybody got bent out of shape when LeBron and Kobe said they can beat the dream team.
DatGuy8921::Can does not mean will Dane.
Dane Kitazaki::No, you said they canbeat them.
DatGuy8921::Depends if the refs whistle stays silent.  But hey, we play them hard so we're not ones to throw in the towel so early.
mpaylor18::didn't say they would, just saying that would be only team with a shot
