Shadow::If I were NY's coach:   1. Anthony B. permanent at PF - no doubt that he is very comfortable at this position. He outmaneuvers his competition on this spot. 2. Andrea B. at SF - he is not center material but a very good offensive player, he will dominate on this position. 3. I'll pick a defender and rebounder at C - Chandler is out so backup should have same mentality and style. 4. Defender at SG - most of my points will not come from this position so I'll make it up by assigning a defense mentality player on this spot. 5. Defender at PG - like SG, most of my points won't come from this position.  Now I'll have a problem with speed, but by controlling the game and turning it into a half-court setup (just like what Indiana is doing), I think my chances would be better than the run and gun style NY is trying to execute (with underhanded men).
Rocky::Only 5 shots and 5 turnovers for Dwight.
Jersey Boy::Loving every minute of watching the NY Dolan Knicks melting down live in front of all the phony rich NY Knicks fans who sell the Garden out each & every night to fill Dolans pockets with all this money. Average man can't afford to attend a Knicks game. The Knicks are a train wreck. No Championship since 1973. No Basketball management to operate the Knicks. Over Paying a bunch of chumps & the product is not watchable. The Knicks have no Pt. Guard, The Knicks have a collection of nobody.  The Knicks have no real big presence. They can't defend the paint & they can't defend the perimeter. Dolan is an absolute buffoon.
Gotham::Say Doland. Ready to make a guarantee again? Better for those difficult games at home instead of the easy once on the road. Remember the Pacers will come to MSG Wednesday and it could get very ugly if the Knicks sleep on them because the Pacers R like the Spurs. They will BLOW yall out!!
tony::Carmelo is a great scorer, and he was terrific last night - scoring. However, for the Knicks to get over the hump, he must involve his team-mates more with 8 to 9 assists a game and defend better (a la Lebron).   If he cannot do that, then NY will only be an exciting regular season team, and nothing more
Armand::Omer Asik got bumped off the rotation... trade him if you don't want him, lots of teams out there that need good centers. package him with another expendable bench player and you may just get a really good 6th man (sometimes Lin starts, sometimes he doesn't... we're still not clear how that works)
willie::Another steal against Felton?! Probably if they change the shape of the ball to a burger, then he would take good care of eat.
Ralph::Knicks, the team that thought a 3 year 25 million is outrageous for Jeremy Lin but check out the roster on the team and salary. It's really sad.
Coach W::The NY Knicks have still not recovered from the days of Isiah Thomas as GM.
friendly_friend::Nicks will be doomed again! This team was built for Championship.
