LSD_hookem::Hey maverchics-you still sore?
C2Poke88::The refs were given their VIP lists before the DAL-OKC game. Somehow Dirk's name wasn't on the list against OKC last night. Must have been a clerical error via the commissioners office. All night Dirk was saying, "Refs that was a foul. I'm a perennial All-Star, NBA champion and Finals MVP. I'm pretty sure I qualify as a VIP in this league. Isn't a VIP supposed to get that call?"    REFS: Sorry I don't have you on my VIP list.  DIRK: Check the list again please. I'm sure I'm on it. I have to be.  REFS: Lets see. Durant...Westbrook...Harden...Ibaka. Nope, there's no Dirk on my list.  DIRK: WTF!!! How did those guys make the list?!? What the hell have those guys ever done?!?  REFS: What can I tell you kid. I just work here. Take it up with management. NEXT!!!
I3UTTON::Lol OKC has as many championships as Lebron has. Wake me up when they do something in the playoffs
LSD_hookem::Well, consistency is why we have the record we have- and you don't!
hawaiianhonky::Alright we'll wake you up after the finals this year
I3UTTON::exactly. "nearly" meaning both games coulda gone either way. meaning Durant had to a hit a lucky fade away 3 at the buzzer to bail OKC out in the first matchup. and meaning OKC barely won last night against a Mavs team without 3 of its players and a questionable call by the official. but hey, good luck relying on all that to happen again in the playoffs lol....
RollThunder35::keyword: nearly
I3UTTON::lol ya good luck relying on "winning ugly" consistently in a 7 game playoff series. in the mean time, keep hanging your hats on regular season wins...lol
hawaiianhonky::better to win ugly then lose pretty
I3UTTON::lol OKC fans actually think seeding matters in the playoffs. How'd those number 1 and 2 seeds work out for LAL and SA last year? Lol OKC fans are funny. Mavs nearly beat you on your home court twice this year
hawaiianhonky::They could lose to any other team not mentioned as well, problem with your argument is they won't....they're gonna have homecourt and are 16-1 at home right now, i like their odds
C2Poke88::Don't change your screen name if OKC isn't in the Finals this year.  OKC can easily lose a 7-game series to DAL, LAC, SAS, LAL or a healthy DEN.
Jihad_Unit::damn, how do the thunder win so many close games? it's insane
MPerce4::It's tough to call it luck after it's happened 5 or 6 times. They know how to finish games, even when they're playing terribly otherwise.
I3UTTON::um when it happens in the playoffs, let me know lol
I3UTTON::Luck?
hawaiianhonky::superior talent?
LSD_hookem::If you don't want to be at the mercy of the refs: 1) Tape your owner's mouth shut 2) Stop fouling so much 3) Have a bigger lead when it counts.  Pretty much a direct quote from a Maverchics fan during playoffs last year- except for #1. So Dallas-back at ya!!
LSD_hookem::Don't worry little brother-Cuban will buy you a diamond ring!
LSD_hookem::Wow. And the Dallas kardashians wonder why nobody respects them!! BooHoo.
apaich5000::is anyone esle as sick of Russel Westbrrok as i am?
LSD_hookem::why do you care what he looks like? you want a date or a point guard?
hawaiianhonky::Nope not me
sportsfreak33555::Home sick is the way to go
Da-THUN-Da::always
Da-THUN-Da::you mean the all star that is top five in scoring in the league
sportsfreak33555::Quit slackin at work
Da-THUN-Da::oh he does but i dont think thats why he is sick of him but who knows lol
sportsfreak33555::And he still cant look like a mutant turtle?
sportsfreak33555::U mean the teenage mutant turtle?
RonTuna::Look the Mavs winning last season was a FLUKE...so GET OVER IT! I knew they'd take a dump in the end last night. OKC is a far better team, closes games and will win their division-period!!
LSD_hookem::Isn't it time for you to take dirk his midol?
I3UTTON::yeah just like OKC winning last night was a FLUKE too right? but again, I don't see the word "fluke" written anywhere on the Championship banner hanging in the rafters of the American Airlines Center. Don't believe "fluke" is written on Dirk Nowitzki's ring either. Lol jealous fans make me laugh. I'll be sure to call OKC's championship a "FLUKE" too , if they ever win one lol
yalcos4::Fluke or not..it happend. Mavs are champs and okc is not. 7 game serierls w a healthy team gimme the mavs again this year in 7
sportsfreak33555::To bad that Dallas couldnt get the gang back together this year. Losing Tyson Chandler, JJ Barea, DeShawn Stephenson was huge. Ecspecially Chandler.
tbest23::I admire what both teams have done or will do. That being said, dallas got hosed last night. It happens though so whatever...
airlogan23::Dont hate because its all OKC!!!!
I3UTTON::except OKC still hasn't won anything yet...lol. Until someone knocks the Mavs off in the playoffs, they're still the defending champs whether you like it or not.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Not at all. Just a rough finish. It happens.
airlogan23::hahah ik jason terry what a scrub
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::No, it really doesn't. According to my knowledge there is still plenty of NBA to play and plenty of chances for redemption.
hawaiianhonky::It doesn't matter?  Oh but it does I'm sure Terry doesn't appreciate being shown up on national TV.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Doesn't really matter. Move on. Next game.
hawaiianhonky::Like Jason Terry's jumper and legs and the Mavs season...I wish i knew what Dirk was saying after those two shots i couldn't quite read his lips but I bet it was awesome
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::And the logic has died.
hawaiianhonky::He is Mr. mackie from south parks african american twin
Gismokras::Thank jason terry for that...
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Thunder points off turnovers, and coming out of half-time getting embarrassed in the 3rd quarter (13pts to 23pts) is why we lost. Not because of a blown shot. Logic enough? Ya gotta look at a teams overall performance and discipline throughout a game and not blame a loss on a single play.
hawaiianhonky::Meh, if it wasn't such a close game i would agree with you
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Doesn't matter how many the Mavs had. When you just give 20 points over to the opposition, you deserve to lose. That's why we lost the game.
hawaiianhonky::Regardless of those points off turnovers they were still in a position to win the game, how many points off turnovers did the mavs have?  I'm sure those to numbers almost negate themselves
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::So those 20 points off turnovers the Thunder had were irrelevant to the Thunders victory? I thought you were logical.
hawaiianhonky::i am blaming jason terry, he is the one who missed the last two shots, not ODOM, not anyone else on the team
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Jason Terry was 2-6 from the 3. Why not give him the blame because of that reason alone? Odom made 3 of 9 shots. Might as well say it's his fault too. Thunder got 20 points off turnovers. Why not blame the team?
hawaiianhonky::But I remember his shot the previous possession as well soooooooooooo
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::He pretty much didn't. It was just the last attempted shot of the game, therefore being the one everyone remembers.
hawaiianhonky::Logic being, Dirk should have take one if not both of those shots
hawaiianhonky::he pretty much did, had he made one of those shots who knows what would have happened
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::He didn't single handily lose it. I thought you were going to give logic?
hawaiianhonky::Finally some logic, instead of blaming the refs how about sitting Terry down and explaining to him that Dirk should be taking those shots, i loved seeing him single handily losing them the game though
GoodLuckNot::OKC is so weak. Kevin Durant does his little pus$y drive, and purposely bumps into someone, and always draws the foul. It's more than frustrating. Never seen a worse-called game. Kevin Durant and the Thunder were obviously favored in this game. What a joke.
Kmacman::Make it a box of tissue.
LSD_hookem::Like Dirk all last season? God-quit whining!
RonTuna::Typical brokeback mountain cowboy response for another Dallas team taking a BIG DUMP!
I3UTTON::you're from Oklahoma and you're calling someone else a Cowboy? LMAO. Oklahoma makes Texas look like a bunch of city slickers
hawaiianhonky::Tissue for this guy please
Jganon93::as a sixers fan, this game was entirely rigged. OKC lives and dies by the free throw line and their opposing teams take the same amount of contact
tonyssoprano::I guess the Refs must have rigged the 76er game with the buck's too? You guy's just lay down in close games face it..You blew a late lead on Chicago a couple nights after the Thunder game.........Get another excuse ready for the next game.....I exspect the Mavs fan to Wine about every loss  ........With that cry baby coach and owner blaming the refs everytime they choke....That is Par for the course....In Big D......................
OFrog::Rigged is a strong word. I'd say there was a bias. Cuban really shot his mouth off last time they played and threw refs under bus, like he did in 06 vs. Heat. Guy never learns. Refs can completely control a game with blatant bias and no one can do anything about it.
hawaiianhonky::Still salty the sixers blew it i'm guessing
Gismokras::Jason terry just needed to pass the ball to dirk in the last 2 possessions and the game would have gone their way easily, dirk was red hot from the arc. First time he had harden on him (which is like an uncontested shot for dirk) and second time he was all alone...Terry blew it big time with NO reason at all. Who doesnt give the last shot to dirk? Only a guy who doesn't want his team to win, obviously...
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::It's alright Mavs. Y'all had a solid game. 'Till next time.  Go Mavs!
hawaiianhonky::I was right on the cry baby whine face wasn't I?
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Multiple losses to the Lakers last season, and we swept 'em. I liked it.
hawaiianhonky::You are far less talkative after a loss, i like it
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Not at all. We went through a 3-10 streak last year and overcame. We'll be more than fine.
hawaiianhonky::Keep living in the past the present will catch up to you soon
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::A sweep won't happen and we're still defending champs.
hawaiianhonky::Yea he said that so he didn't get fined, we all know what he was implying....oh well it doesn't really matter OKC won, they're 3-1 against the Mavs this year and I hope they play in the playoffs so OKC can sweep them
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Here is another opinion: Carlisle said. "They get to the free throw line a lot, but I don't want to be accusatory to the officials. But, I thought our guys were aggressive enough to deserve a few more chances."
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::So? One man giving an opinion. Get over it.
hawaiianhonky::Are you kidding me???? "Following Monday's loss to the Oklahoma City Thunder, Dallas Mavericks point guard Jason Kidd said the defending champions haven't received the benefit of the doubt from the officiating all season because they are not looked upon as champions."
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::No he wasn't.
hawaiianhonky::Did you read the article?  The video was not the point of emphasis, the point was Kidd crying about the refs
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Showing me a video of another topic at hand, yea, no.
hawaiianhonky::i could have guessed you'd say that
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Irrelevant.
hawaiianhonky::Oh but it did  http://espn.go.com/dallas/nba/story/_/id/7650880/jason-kidd-says-dallas-mavericks-get-benefit-doubt-officials
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::http://scores.espn.go.com/nba/photos?gameId=320305025&amp;photoId=1900535
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::It actually didn't. Try again.
hawaiianhonky::Oh but i was, it just came from Jason Kidd
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Nope.
raven.52::Live by the 3 die by the 3.The Mavs dont do anything else well.
iTzDiRkFoR3::Dirk needs a slashing PG so he can get wide open mid range shots.
iTzDiRkFoR3::So your a bandwagon fan then? True fans dont just jump ship when their team is playing bad.
OFrog::I'm trying to make a $. Nothing more. Weather bad this AM. I'll be out in field soon.
hawaiianhonky::then why are you arguing sports?  Go wrestle a bear or get your lure ready
OFrog::I'm a fan of $. Nothing more. I'd rather hunt or fish.
hawaiianhonky::The NBA is a business, being a fan is not
OFrog::I am in this for the $. I need winners, my heart is for my family, not for business. The NBA is business, as are all professional sports.
iTzDiRkFoR3::Hes not the same player as last year pal.
LSD_hookem::he is older and more out of shape
hawaiianhonky::Memphis - no Lakers - hell no Spurs - possibly but they're to old to win a 7 game series
OFrog::A team they do not match up with, depends on seedings I do not know. Memphis/Lakers/Spurs. Teams with inside/out games and defense.
hawaiianhonky::By your logic then no team is, who is going to beat the Thunder in a 7 game series?
OFrog::His surrounding cast is a joke at best, he is facing double teams every night now.
OFrog::They are not built for a deep playoff run.
iTzDiRkFoR3::Are you kidding? His ppg is way down..
hawaiianhonky::Every team has flaws if you want to be picky.  They have 2 of the best scorers in the league, the best 6th man the best shot blocker but still people say they can't win it all...Of all the teams in the NBA they are probably the least flawed team
OFrog::Dirk is not much different than last year, the surrounding cast is vastly different.
OFrog::You are stuck on a seriously flawed team, I move on. Had the Mavs at 22-1 last season. They are going nowhere this season with VC and Lamar K.
hawaiianhonky::Don't tell him that, he's gonna be stuck in 2011 for a while
OFrog::He did not have that last season and he was #1 in NBA vs single defenders and won it all.
hawaiianhonky::Who's first this year?  Durant or Westbrook im' guessing
BigSeanBoiDoItSmokeWeedCrack::Durant is so clutch in the paint doe
BullsHawksBears::I love Durant
OFrog::You come here kissing OKC fans butts looking for love and respect and they rip you and your team. Nice try.
BullsHawksBears::Came here for a sec to ask if you think, as I do, that Bulls vs. OKC in the finals.
Cadillac-Too-Cold::We kinda heard that last year too.
OFrog::I like Bulls chances much more than OKC.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::9-1 without your best player says something.
hawaiianhonky::So you're saying the bulls are better without Rose?
BullsHawksBears::Bulls are 9 and 1 without Rose.
hawaiianhonky::The bulls are a back spasm away from a lottery pick
relentlessind127::the thunder need to get a few other solid bench players they arent very deep thats the one thing that will keep them from winning a championship this year
OFrog::I'd say it will be the usual, Westbrook trying to do it all, playing hero and taking over game.
OFrog::I predicted a first round exit for the Spurs and the Mavs to take out OKC 4-1. I don't think OKC is as good as their record this year.
hawaiianhonky::No one thought the Spurs were as good as their record was last year
OFrog::Like the Spurs last year?
hawaiianhonky::I like their chances, they're the best team in the west, correct?
OFrog::Not built for a deep playoff run, this year.
hawaiianhonky::Again, you keep going back to last year, this year Westbrook is shooting a better percentage then Dirk and so is KD.  Ibaka is a better defensive player this year and Perkins actually looks like an athlete this year so no calls benefit OKC as much as they do whoever they play.
OFrog::Do you realize last season Dirk was the most efficient scorer in the NBA vs single man defense? I'll say it one last time, the Thunder are not built for a deep playoff run. Too dependent on guard scoring and ft visits. That gets tough in post season no call defense games.
hawaiianhonky::you do realize he's playing on a sprained ankle right?
OFrog::Just ignore the shot charts. Westbrook had 10 misses last night 15 feet and further. You are wasting my time.
hawaiianhonky::Dirk and Marion haha, half of Dirk's points were at the line.
OFrog::Dirk, Chandler and Marion all were inside scorers. When you clogged the lane, they killed you with j's.
hawaiianhonky::The Mavs won it last year with no inside scoring though, Westbrook is far from a perimeter playing guard, i'm pretty sure he leads guards in points in the paint
OFrog::I don't like perimeter or guard oriented teams to even get to the Finals. Balanced scoring and especially inside scoring is crucial. Kobe got nowhere until Gasol got there. Perk is a zero and Ibaka not much offensive game.
hawaiianhonky::This isn't last year either, last year the mavs were good
OFrog::He got benched last year in playoffs by Brooks the entire 4th quarter in the only game they won vs. Mavs.
hawaiianhonky::And that's a bad thing?  He's the 5th leading scorer in the league and just think if he can't take over Durant or Harden will be right there waiting, if i remember right Harden pretty much won that game for them last night in the 4th
netjunkie88::33-10... wow, they aren't even trying to hide it.
cowboyinorange87::im thinkin the 13 point 3rd quarter had something to do with the loss not ONE damn call get over yourselves
OFrog::33-10. Just another home cookin episode on the OKC channel.
Clarence2126::i have had so many calls go against teams i like, i dont whine about it. i realize it happens in all sports. get over it already!!!!
Clarence2126::you dont even know who my team is!
OFrog::Reading comprehension is obviously not your strongest suit.
OFrog::Something even funnier, knuckleheads making assumptions when their team is getting obvious special NBA treatment the people saying these are _____ fans, whoever is the recent victim.
Clarence2126::you NEVER hear fans and players whine about officiating when winning its ALWAYS when losing!
Clarence2126::its funny i didnt hear you all whining as you were winning the nba championship last year!
Clarence2126::hey jason kidd and mavs fans; waah waah $@%!$@% waah! you are all worse than a bunch of three year olds! grow up already!
OFrog::Damn those refs, If the NBA wanted OKC to have the best record in the West they would give them the best home cookin in the league and the best record at home.
AndySportsB::Damn those refs! If the right calls were made Mavs would be 39-0!
cowboyinorange87::bunch of sissies!!  if its against dallas its a bad call if its not its a great call... same damn story everytime they play  just because you were the champs LAST YEAR doesnt mean you should get it all handed to you on a silver platter...and respect???  how bout they quit  B!itchin to the refs and just play the game. and if Dirk and the team wanna gripe about dirk not "living at the line" then tell him to go to the whole instead of falling back on every shot.. im not sayin change his game cuz its great but its really hard to draw a fould when you fall back so far nobody can even touch you.
Trade the Hawks Front Office::Yeah... The Mavs easily would have turned around those 22 point losses to the nuggets and spurs.
OFrog::You do not have to read between the lines, it's right there in bold font. The Thunder are the NBA chosen team this season. The players drive into the lane, towards the rim and throw up the ball, knowing charity is on it's way. The bump into defenders, with no chance of even hitting the rim, to the stripe. They recklessly drive and crash, into whoever they can with zero intent of making a shot, and here comes that friendly whistle with a free trip to the line. The Thunder are 2012 Miami Heat of last season. Get them that best record no matter how obvious it looks.
LSD_hookem::If you don't like it just remember, suicide is legal if they don't catch you!
nba is the worst::Just another night in the league's agenda...  Mavs with 7 more FGs, 10 more points in the paint, a few less turnovers, 100% ft shooting - and a clearly insignificant -23 fta differential which - amazingly - adds up to a 4-pt loss...
9-11 Lies::Last play very funny. Kidd very open and alone in the paint. Stupid Terry love to dribble the ball never passed to Kidd until Kidd is almost out of bounds. Kidd pass it again to an open Terry for a 12 footer but Terry did not convert. It's all Terry's fault! Again these Mavs never recovered from there 3rd Q syndrome!   Better luck next time! Let's Go Mavs!
Lakermagicshowtime::Loooks like it was the lakers that got first round picks and a trade exeption for nothing lmao
jonathonwarriner3::DURANT AND WESTBROOK LEAD OKC TO CHAMPIONSHIP GREAT COMBO FOR OKC
Lakermagicshowtime::win something then talk, falling for the lebron's cavaliers sindrome?
Kevinbell1970::Like the fakers have any chance at all this year
Trackstar447::In your dreams brother
LSD_hookem::And no littering on your way south- little brother!
LSD_hookem::And Durant did have a bad night-- just like dirk in ALL of your MANY losses. And The CALL at the end of the game- don't be in a position to let refs beat you!!!!!!!!!! It happens to all some time! Thunder have been victims of refs changing dirk's tampon plenty of times!
LSD_hookem::Just wait til it is a full season; just wait for good refs; just wait til we have no injuries; just wait til we buy more good players,,,,,,,,,,,,,,  Really? Listen to yourselves!  Thunder own you!
Boyz_Fan1969::LOL....yeah OKC OWNS dallas...if you call having the officials in your back pocket OWNING...get real, not one but TWO OKC players had as many if not more FT attempts than the ENTIRE dallas TEAM. same in the first game... so lets recap...first game OKC has 18 more FT and needs a last second 27' three to win at home and in this game OKC has to have a phantom foul with 46 sec left and down by 1 (even though they had 19 more FT attempts) but they OWN dallas...LOL...OKC wold not have a chance if they did not have the refs helping them...
LSD_hookem::The fact is that with one exception not a single thunder player played well and you STILL couldn't beat us! The thunder did not play as a team and you STILL could not beat us. Below 40% shooting and you STILL could not beat us. Two injured and you STILL could not beat us.   That says more about your team. Perhaps you should write to their suggestion box and stay out of here!
LSD_hookem::What team has NOT been the victim of the refs? Don't stink for 3 3/4 quarters and then look to the ref
LyndonPatton::Cheese would go well with that...
Boyz_Fan1969::first game had 18 more FT attempts and STILL needed the refs at end of game...this game had 19 more FT attempts and STILL needed the refs at end of game to beat the mavs...maybe you should send some thank you cards to the officials for not letting dallas embarrass you...
nba is the worst::Note: 23 more ftas - only 3.3 times as many
LSD_hookem::Listen up Dallas kardashians- nobody- including the thunder - predicted or expected such a young team to make it to the playoffs much less win the conf or title. The thunder played much better in those playoff games than Dallas had in the last several years. The shame is your- not the thunder's!
gudda5gaines::phantom calls that hardens game or should i say hardini??? makes magic but thanks harden westbrrok and perkins first half play thats y we won not bc of some calls that all of dallas is cryin about
Trackstar447::Regardless of record, Russell Westbrook will be the reason the Thunder dont make it to the NBA finals.
iTzDiRkFoR3::Very True
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::OKC 33-10 free throw advantage. Harden getting phantom call on every play. OKC announcer not mentioning about the free extra 2 points they got during the game. The last thing is Dirk 3 with 2:44 in the 4th quarter was the last time Dirk touched the ball.   This is Dirk team and terry needs to realize he has to give it to Dirk when the game is on the line. Dirk isn't a CHOKER like Lebron so Terry needs to realize the ball has to be in Dirk hand.
xxxhawk::"I have no rival'   -  kobe Not Durant, Rose, Lebron, Shaq, Dirk,Wade, Pierce, etc.  "kobe creation......of a false living legend".   -  Fox Sports http://msn.foxsports.com/nba/story/LeBron-James-haters-make-Kobe-Bryant-Los-Angeles-Lakers-a-false-living-legend-030412
I3UTTON::Lol the Thunder are overrated. Mavs nearly beat them on the road without 3 players and a little officiating help.
gudda5gaines::were tied for first n the league!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ok_sooner82::I hate trolls like this idiot above me....and by the way if they r overrated they wouldn't b 1st in the west and 2nd in the leaague so obviously they r not overated
I3UTTON::Lol typical thunder thinking regular season record actually matters in the playoffs. Wake me up when they beat the Mavs in the playoffs, which they never have
mflores2326::well will see what happens next year when there is a full season and if we get deron willams or dwight howard or both okc and evreybody in the west kiss yall chances goodbye for awhile lmao
gudda5gaines::to bad deron stayin and howard goin to nets!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I3UTTON::ill still take the Mavs over OKC in a 7 game series this year. OKC only has 3 players that can score, Westbrook takes too many shots, and their halfcourt game s.ucks which is to their disadvantage in the playoffs when the game slows down
I3UTTON::You mad Bro?!
ok_sooner82::typical Mavs fan...U mavs fans have officially become the most annoying fans in the NBA surpassing the previous Laker and Heat fan....CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!!!!
4thstringcoach::Lol, if Lebron put up the numbers Durant did this game the entire sports world would be jumping down his throat. 33 percent shooting and 7 turnovers with no defensive stats? Come on, Durant just proved hes not the MVP in one game.
badlandsboss::Sources: Chris Brussard reports Whitney Houston's former drug dealer to file for bankruptcy
Amaze76er::Lmao dallas fans stop crying your team is done..lucky if they even make the playoffs
I3UTTON::Lol thunder are overrated dude. Mavs will beat them in a 7 game series
mflores2326::lol o well will see what happens next year when there is a full season and if we get deron willams or dwight howard or both kiss yall chances goodbye forever lmao
4thstringcoach::I remember when trolling actually meant something.
