Viktor1313::Wolves need to trade Barea now that he has gained some serious trading value, bundle him with love and the kitties will have some hope.  P.S, Im a fan of Barea but he compromises the offense too much, once he gets on the drive he doesn't stop. He needs to work as a PG and right know he is not.
Pusha Tonn::smh another loss .... :(
MinniWolves90::We just can't hit our shots. Cunningham and Shved, in particular.
HoldOnMyHeart::I started using this online betting system called SportsBettingStar couple of months ago.  Ive made approximately 3K per month just by using the systems bets.
Ogwilliams::we need redick
MinniWolves90::The Wolves just can't make shots.
Mighty Ducks.::Terry Porter sucks.  Why does Dante get 39 minutes?
Casey_Goose::and shoot it 18 times!
MinniWolves90::I understand he was wide open, but he needed to realize there was a reason for that. I know that's his shot, but it WAS NOT falling last night. Should've taken at least 10 less shots, and let DWill take 10 more lol
Gaybron Gaymes::bricky for the 3!                briiiiccckkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Crooklynism::I think Cuban is getting bored of this nba stuff, look for him to sell in 5 years if he can't convince top notch players to go to dallas
---LeTs gO mAvS---::Mavs have been top 5 in attendance (currently #2) for 12 consecutive years so what are you talking about? Mavs have been one of the most successful franchises the past decade in the NBA and have made the playoffs 12 consecutive years and 11 50+ win seasons with 2 NBA Finals appearances in 2006 and 2011. You have no idea what you're talking about
charlie hustle bets the over::"cause its difficult to make the playoffs right? 8 out of 15 get in !!"    don't say that on a twolves board.
Crooklynism::cause its difficult to make the playoffs right? 8 out of 15 get in !! anyway, this year breaks that streak and Dirk is old, they're clearing cap space for players but who's out there?  As far as im concerned, they're are officially in rebuild mode but will it be through draft or free agency, does Cuban have the patience for that?  He's a TV star now! lol
redraidersnation517::3 game winning streak!!!! Go mavs!!!
redraidersnation517::3 game winning streak!! go mavs!!
drac1100::Has Carlisle's coaching suddenly improved Collision so much?  If so, wow.  Either way he has really looked good after looking so awful.
Nowitzki.::I think it has more to do with Collison learning the offense and acclimated with his role now that Dirk is back.
I pwned all::I still remember a bunch of wolves fans was trolling the mavs last year after coming off a championship season. The funny thing is the wolves didn't even make the playoffs
Nowitzki.::they were not fans. Just some sorry a$$ trolls
rleroy1967::You have a good memory then because it wasn't me.  Take a picture next time it will last longer.
mnsportswopwopwahhh::I have this feeling Adlemans going to walk
rleroy1967::I wouldn't be surprised either.  This thing might not be worth saving.  If he did....BRING BACK FLIP!
mnsportswopwopwahhh::At least we were alive until April last season
rleroy1967::We went roughly 5-25 for last 30 games. lol
mnsportswopwopwahhh::@WolvesRadio Love, Roy, Budinger &amp; Lee aren't coming back anytime soon, this is your #twolves squad for the foreseeable future.  says it all
the majority of homers are clueless when it comes to sports::mavs are still garbage
I3UTTON::better than the Wolves
azviking101::I guess we can put to rest the crap about how the Wolves are better without Love.
Nowitzki.::they ain't better but aint worse either.K.Love just cares about his own business.Wolves are 8-9 with him and 8-10 without him.
MinniWolves90::That's a deceiving statistic. If Love is 100%, we are better than .500
Nowitzki.::vs Rockets vs Thunder @ Magic then 5 days of rest vs Spurs vs Suns C'mon Mavs let's win these games
Mindfreeze::Stern was laughing when he made this schedule.
scottpilgrim33::Are you kidding roy? We can easily beat the rockets, Magic and Suns. the Thunder and Spurs will be tough, but were due a win against both of them
rleroy1967::Yeah beat those guys...lololololololol 1-4 for sure!
Nowitzki.::we already have wins in Houston and in Phoenix with Dirk out.Now that he's back the team is coming together and everyone is getting to know his role on the team there is a realistic chance we can win all these 5 games
thunder.up.MFs::KD Massive poster tonight http://www.cbssports.com/nba/blog/eye-on-basketball/21555821/video-kevin-durant-hammers-on-marcin-gortat
Mindfreeze::If he wants to win the MVP he has to dunk on LeBron..
scottpilgrim33::Dang it I had Collison on the bench. Crap
rleroy1967::Anyone is says shit about Love didn't say it last year.  So basically they are fooling themselves because the Wolves Doctors were stupid enough to let them play while injured.
scottpilgrim33::Remember when the Timberwolves suck? o wait that's all the time
jarrollin::remember when you had bonafide insights?  me neither
jarrollin::The Wolves players did everything they could to set the table for Love's return.  They did.  He rewards them by complaining, jacking up shots and re-injuring himself.  pretty pathetic
Mindfreeze::Shame on him for rushing back and trying to be a team player..
Mindfreeze::never know what you got until it's gone..
jarrollin::lol "team player"    youd sell out vegas with that stuff
haf60::you guys are better trading his $@% to some other place. Rubio I think is a player that you can build a team around. Not Love.
rleroy1967::Think about it...Doctors fault.  They shouldn't have let him play.
dallasmavs258::<b>Oh ok Wolves fans. So you claim the Minneapolis Lakers champs because you're a "Minnesota Fan". Oh ok. Well in that case, I'm a Texas fan, so from now on I'll be counting the Cowboys, Mavericks, Spurs and Rockets championships too :)</b>
jarrollin::love duncan love olajuwon
jarrollin::but i dont love K Love
rleroy1967::You can if you want.  Congratulations on all the victories. :)
jarrollin::do whatever you want.  i dont care
dallasmavs258::So we can both agree that Texas &gt; Minnesota then? Oh good
rleroy1967::That's what she said!
dallasmavs258::And by my reckoning, that's 12 championships &gt; 5
rleroy1967::Actually, I'm still up 16- 12 Now cause I count all Laker Victories as mine! lol
rleroy1967::Dallas will never be better than Houston or San Antonio.  That's for sure!
Jon Armdog::Houston basically is Dallas, except it has a port and smells bad.
Nowitzki.::Houston is wildly overrated.
rleroy1967::San Antonio &gt; Dallas Houston &gt; Dallas
Jon Armdog::In terms of basketball...for now, he's right.  But in terms of cities:  Dallas &gt; Houston &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; San Antonio
Justinkm83::We'll see shortly. We have Houston next.
FanofTexas28::Dallas&gt;Minnesota
bradwinsall::over under on 10 wolves wins the rest of the season. im taking the under
FanofTexas28::You know your franchise is pathetic when you have to claim another franchise's championships. I guess we can count the Cowboys 5 Super Bowls, right? We're DALLAS fans.
jarrollin::theyre Minnesota championships
Mindfreeze::The stars too.
dirkaqs41::I feel like the lakers have a good thing going right now.  &gt;Mike Dantoni (as everyone laughs)
TheA-TeAm8235::the show Catfish is $@%!$@% crazy!
TheA-TeAm8235::kick his asssss!!!!
haf60::cant believe ITS A GUY   a gay one
TheA-TeAm8235::sick bro, so sikc. lay him out!
Mindfreeze::The wolves could win the title..   -nobody
jarrollin::I cant believe I pulled for you to beat Miami a couple years ago.  remind me never to do that again
dirkaqs41::Listen theres no reason to get upset. You like one team that has a title chance this year the Cuse!! (go cuse)
Mindfreeze::Because we both hate the heat no matter what..
jarrollin::It's funny how Dallas fans get hung up on the Minneapolis Lakers championships.  They find it hard to discredit them.  I guess because they came along after the Colt 45
dirkaqs41::The gun or the beer? because only one of those is accurate
FanofTexas28::You guys are Timberwolves fans, not Lakers fans.
Mindfreeze::minnesota timberwolves
jarrollin::Minnesota* fans
I pwned all::something is wrong with ESPN. They keep reposting my posts form 20 mins ago
TheA-TeAm8235::this guy is either telling the truth or he is very persistant
haf60::where are all the idiots who thought the timbs were a playoff team? This is what you get for having 5 white starters!!!!
jarrollin::they seemed like it, until K Love decided to ruin it
mnsportswopwopwahhh::If only the majority weren't all injured
rleroy1967::No it's what you get with the most injuries in the NBA.
dmdpro::the knicks are like 24-12 with the starting pg and sg missing
FanofTexas28::Dirk has more rings than the Timberwolves and Vikings.
goeast12::He doesn't have more than the Twins.
Arichter23::I win. goodnight everybody.
bradwinsall::you still gotta wake up tomorrow as yourself, i'd call it a loss
FanofTexas28::Super Bowl IV Kansas City 23 Minnesota 7
FanofTexas28::Minnesota Vikings: 0-4 in Super Bowls
Arichter23::Go shoot your girlfriend then yourself because you're embarrassed to be a member of the Chiefs
FanofTexas28::What if your dad shot your mom, then killed himself, leaving you without your real parents?
FanofTexas28::How the f.uck can you joke about that? I'm fine if you tell me my team is horrible and everything like that, but joking about death? You're a total piece of sh.it.
jarrollin::chill
jarrollin::Dallas fans claiming championships by a Minneapolis team arent Minneapolis championships = desperate
dirkaqs41::i also enjoy SU. That ist he good news. But no one cares about theGhosts of NBA Past
TheA-TeAm8235::confused by your post cat man
jarrollin::read the posts below.  youll catch up
mnsportswopwopwahhh::With or without Kevin Love this team is .400 at the end of the day
jarrollin::funny how he doesnt improve the team,  is basically what you're saying.  i agree
dallasmavs258::Lmao when Mavs fans talk about championships "Stop living in the past"  But the Wolves fans are bringing up championships won by the Lakers and Twins  <b><u>The Lakers and Twins</u></b>
47riley47::Dallas really but Memphis in a hole, they look like $@%!
mnsportswopwopwahhh::Wait til Ricky gets frustrated with this joke of a team.
bradwinsall::well hes terrible as well so hes the punch line
FanofTexas28::Oh yeah, the Minnesota Vikings lost to my Kansas City Chiefs in Super Bowl IV. Suck it.
scottpilgrim33::Yes! Go Chiefs
Arichter23::HAHAHAHAHAHA CHIEFS?!?!?!?! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA
jarrollin::Minneapolis Lakers games dont count I thought
Arichter23::Twins have been to the playoffs the 4th most in the past decade.
TheA-TeAm8235::but wrong board
Arichter23::That's why the Tigers made the world series and your Rangers didnt
TheA-TeAm8235::you a detroit fan now?
TheA-TeAm8235::with no championships? thats sad
yadda1984::Tied with with how many times i've been in your mom.
FanofTexas28::The AL Central is horrible.
FanofTexas28::T'wolves fans talking about anything but the Timberwolves.
jarrollin::that's not true.  i bashed Kevin Love
dallasmavs258::"yeah?! but the Twins are good! So there! In your face!"
thunder.up.MFs::everybody watch tonight's highlights so you can see why KD is gonna be the MVP
yadda1984::shouldn't you be on the dailythunder...
FanofTexas28::The Rangers without half their team from last year&gt;Twins
FanofTexas28::Rangers&gt;Twins
Arichter23::Rangers world series rings - 0 Twins world series rings - 2
i-just-ate-a-whole-bag-of-chips::i prefer floral scented double-ply toilet paper
dallasmavs258::Dude save me some chips next time
_Blue...::Same here. And a shower.
I pwned all::Even tho our team might suck this year. We know the Cuban is gonna do sth this off season and we'll get better. Meanwhile the wolves have hit their ceiling  and their superstar don't want to be there./n/nSad
