Frankie::So Lakers fans,,, how does it feel??  Pretty #$%$ huh?  All those years of bashing the Kings and now the shoe is on the other foot.   It's sucks losing huh??  Well, now Kings fans can finally get their just rewards because your Lakers team sucks!!!   Oh yeah, I will grant  you, the Lakers have all kinds of banners and rings, but the one thing that I relish the most is now Lakers fans feel the pain and irritation of what a bad team really is,,,, enjoy!!!
strat::Lottery Lakers. Many reacted to the label I gave them months ago with derision. It meant I was not a true fan. They were winning. And Coach Clueless might have his act together. Now what do you think. Do you have to see more of this. Can you read the trend? This is not the worst. They will fall farther and harder. Other teams, the real teams, are getting better, starting to play D and not so sloppy. That means Clueless' team needs to play D since they lack the talent to just outscore most teams. Antoni and D? Not likely. The scrubs rise to the challenge? Only fans of lousy franchises believe that. Laker fans know you get the best or you don't compete. We do not even have the replacements for the best. Nothing to see here. Wait for Jack's seat to go empty. It's coming. My seat has been empty all year.   Nash is gone. Kobe has no reason to rush his return or play all out. Season is over. Only question is what lottery pick do we get. And how is Dumb Kup going to fill all the other holes he has left with his five year march to disaster?
Truth Be Told::So hilarious that Lakers fans think they are getting Parker or Wiggins LMFAO!! Take a look at the Eastern conference standings. You think you can pass a 7 win Bucks team or a 10 win Magic team? Sixers are going to unload all their assets and Utah will be right there with them. Lakers are not picking in the top 5. It's not happening!! If the season ended today the Lakers would be drafting 8th or 9th. Stop with the Wiggins and Parker BS because you aren't getting them!
clint::I don't see the basketball difference between Kelly and Williams(gone)?
Larry::Add James Harden to the list of players who could score over 75 against the Lakers if there was an incentive. Paul George- he could break Wilt;s record against the sad sacks.
Hair Club Dooley::Remember when?
Y::James Harden has an enemy:
Justo::this is what's really wrong with the fakers team...they all wantd to be the star...which you cannot do that because in a team there should be some players that are just supporting role but this fakers team are so selfish and they learned that from ballhog....all of them wnated to shot the bal ad so worried about their stats like ballhog.....and who should they blmae but no other than ballhog.
Larry::Top ten excuses: 10) We are "tanking" 9)  3rd quarter meltdown 8) Superstars like Farmar, XHenry , Blake and Nash are out. 7) Kobe put a hex on us. 6) D'Antoni had an off night. 5)  We failed to scout Omri Casspi! 4) It's too hot to play bball in Houston. 3)  Hack-a -Howard is supposed to work. 2) Swaggy P said he is just finding his groove and we will win our next 10 games. 1) Since you were promised orgasms and none of you can "get it up", it was easier to lose the game than be embarrassed.
Wild Eyed Scientist::Haters are such idiots. The Lakers season is a lost cause but they still continue to come on this board and act like immatureturds. You Idiots always complain how Laker fans talk about the past, but isn't that the reason you losers are here. Its obvious that the Lakers success through out the years bothers all you morons. I wouldn't worry...Lakers will no doubt be successful again in the near future and the stupid haters will cry,whine and make excuses like they always did when the Lakers win....take that to the bank jackasses
