Tom Carroll::Injury Report: Nets - No Significant Injuries  Is this a joke? Their two best players are out...
Steve Broome::lmao
Chuck Chaney::Ayon got 7 rebounds in 14 minutes against Memphis. I think he needs more minutes, especially against bigs in the middle,. Perhaps they need to play 2 bigs together some of the time
Steven James::awful game so far, as expected for this overseas crap
Robert Arthur Williams III::overseas crap? pfft, what are you, like some early 20th century American isolationist?
Edmund Dantes::Niggas in Paris....oops, I mean London.
Daniel Stewart::Hawks need to win this one to help the Nets lose more games so we can get a better pick in this draft! Lol.
Mike DiMarsico::with what draft picks? 2020 draft pick?
Daniel Stewart::Hawks have the Nets' first round draft pick in the upcoming draft..
Mike DiMarsico::I thought you were talking about Brooklyn. But yes the Hawks do have that pick it will turn out to be a decent one.
Reeves Cox::LET'S GO HAWKS! Beat the Nets!
John Taylor::ill bet the atlanta hawks are missing joe johnson.  his elite game is showing more in brooklyn than it ever did.  the nets are better than the knicks.  especially with brook lopez come back.
Jason Gold::i love the nets, but Brook aint coming back this year.
John Taylor::Jason Gold yup youre absolutely right.  his foot needs to completely heal before he plays ball again.
Mike Woolley::Joe is a good player... His contract is not if you're a team owner...
Kyle White::Kinda glad Pacers have already faced the Nets 3 times already and the last one is at Bankers. Ever since the New Year they've been playing some good ball.
Joel Tallent::"Recapology" - Is that the study of recaps? Or a form of apology? I was expecting some sort of apology in that recap.
Eriko Jim::Basketball in London is way better than football in London. Seems like nba is more visible in Europe than football
Emran Qadir Ismail::WTF the nets are playing good in 2014? Joe Johnson is playing like a mad man. dude is dropping 3 threes likes 1s at a strip club.
Daniel Stewart::Schroder is playing terriblly. Please take him out of the game coach. He is pushing way too hard. Get Teague back in.
Thomas Gueli::To ask those saying nets need to get a better draft pick and lose on  purpose were in 8th place and in the playoffs
Sam Teele::are there often day time games on weekdays in the nba? ive been a bball fan all my life and cant remember one
Tom Carroll::They're in London...
Kyle White::It's in London so it's later in the day there right now.
Sam Teele::Tom Carroll duh sorry how stupid of me
Anthony Mallie::lesson learned.  Don't pick the under just because they had to go all the way to London.
Mike Woolley::Atlanta are terrible! Amazing how bad the East is at basketball
Daniel Stewart::Your grammar is worse.
Mason Wesley Lloyd::oh that's why its being played so early... It's in London.
Vlad Zhornitsky::who's going to start in place of carrolle tomorrow?
James Doran::Don't worry, Korver got his three
Trent Conheady::Come on atlanta, this is pitiful
Abdias Dorville::Who wins hawks or nets??
Rodney Sargent::Trash game in London
Naib Lis::hawks 102, nets 98
Jesus Moreno::agree with you Chuck
Casper Dizon Nicdao::go atlanta go.
