Puh_leez_ho::This is definitely a team that can play with OKC... and the thunder know it.  Harden would have been a difference maker last night, but the nuggets probably won't shoot 18-30 (60%) from the line again.  OKC played their starters all night, and they played hard.  These are very even teams when both are healthy with a slight edge to OKC because they have Durant.
okc still owns::I missed this game guys, how did it play out? did we bench our starters in the 4th or something?
anthonyamurica::no your starters played alot of minutes. they clearly wanted to beat denver. and hope dallas won tonight. trying to get a denver match up in the first round.   okc shot really well from three in the first half which made it a game in the second half.
okc still owns::I see we choked in another home game, awesome. And what's suprising is Westbrook actually did good. 50% 9 assists
zonazoo122::Thunder Up is perhaps the worst saying in sports. Nonsensical and monotonous, like the City of Oklahoma itself.
zonazoo122::the city of oklahoma city.... durrrr
okc still owns::It's unique, unlike "LETS GO SPORTS TEAM"
Troutto::I'm no Thunder apologist, but "City of Oklahoma?"
D_Compensate_Wade::Nugget fans are really bragging about this game? You shot 2x the Fts the Thunder did! Clearly the refs favor the Nuggets, also Harden's 18 pts aren't factor into the game.
TQ9475::LMMFAO!  Nuggets lead the league in FT attempts and probably still have more no calls than most of the league.  This mustve been a joke.  You cant be serious with this post.  And I would brag about this win, due to the fact that OKC in a sense disrespected the Nuggs, by basically saying, we want to win this game so we can face Denver in the playoffs, thinking Dallas would be a tougher match up.  Nothing to gain and play both superstars 40 minutes, just so they could play the Nuggets?
anthonyamurica::refs favoring the nuggets? haha do fans on big market teams/ teams with superstar nba love really blame the refs for their losses? try being a nuggets fan and seeing carmelo anthony go for a lay up, get hit in the wrist so hard it broke his wrist.... and get a NO call. its worse no than ever because we have no superstar now
lombian11::this guy is an idiot!   ALL THE REFS HATE THE NUGGETS, and you obviously just saw the box score cause I saw the game and the refs still favored the thunder&lt; I just cant wait for my nuggies to s  H it on the lakers! in the playoffs!
mountainboy32::You seriously did not just post this...
rwilliams75::Of course, bring out the Harden excuse. Let me see, the Nuggets go to the line more than most teams because they play uptempo agressive ball. If they made the free throws, this game was a blow out. And given OKC had the 2 seed all tied up, it is funny how Westbrook and Durant played 40 and couldn't beat Denver, why, because team &gt; superstars and OKC bench &lt; Denver bench.
c5a1t3s::who's bragging about this game?  it was an awesome game to watch!
Pinkycuh::Only team that has the upper hand the entire season on OKC is SA. Every other team has either less wins or tied against OKC ( in head to head play). BRING ON THE PLAYOFFS!!!
paul2285::OKC obviously wanted this game with the stars playing until the very end, and it would've been a blow out if the Nugz would've hit their FTs Faried is Denver's answer to Ibaka, only better!!!
D_Compensate_Wade::Or Thunder would of blow the Nuggets out if they didn't let them shoot that many FTs.
TQ9475::Didnt watch the game?  Pretty apparent.
anthonyamurica::you didnt see the game obviously....
c5a1t3s::better??  better offense, no question. Ibaka's paint D is second to none.
WhatchaTalkinBoutWillis5::Nuggets are the best team right now. Durant is a lanky weirdo.
anthonyamurica::they are playing good ball at the right time. thats for sure
LAKERSareTRASH::Denver fans cant seem to grasp that OKC was ho-hum about winning the season finale.  Objective was to keep everyone healthy and get KD his for the title.
TQ9475::Ho hummed their way to both stars playing 40 minutes and scoring 30 each.  Riiiight.......
c5a1t3s::okc fans stop your jawing.  you lost what was a very, very good game between two teams that will matchup well years down the road.  your only excuse is the absence of harden.  gravitate towards that one, if anything.
wakenride::sure that makes you feel better the more you say it.......40+ mins for your "superstars" each? wow ho-hum indeed....
ThunderHornz::What's the background on Faried? He looks like he could be special and he is fun to watch.
ThunderHornz::I barely have time to keep up with my team much less all the rest- that Faried though is special.
TQ9475::Broke Duncans career rebounding record in college, took Morehead state to tourney twice and upset #4 louisville one of those years.
Colbyp98::where have you been? hes a beast
Squeeezel::Rebound leader in college. Got his small school into NCAA tourney.
diehardnr1::Only negative about tonight IMO.... FT shooting!  This should have been a blow out... and would have been easily double digits if some of the bounces went DEN way at the stripe
b2msbro::Every freakin player on this team is a star,  cant wait til playoffs.  Mark my words... the nuggs are getting past the lakers in 6.  Who knows how far this magic will take us.
lombian11::I was thinking 5, specially with Metta out, he was the difference last time the nuggies played the lakeshow
wakenride::#1 in team assists.......!!!!!
b2msbro::I love you
b2msbro::And not the gay kinda love.... the gayest kinda love!
diehardnr1::I like to think of it as the Team IS the Star...
diehardnr1::Lakers...Sonics South...it does not matter which...Nuggz will be ready to rumble!  Two straight in OKC that DEN has played them to the wire...with a W and an OT L to show for it... I think Harrington is right when he said "Why not OKC?" I mean...While Nuggz can play with the LaLas they also have to play the refs (away and at home). LAL, even without RonRon,  cause DEN problems with their height in the middle...and if you ask me who I would rather face in the playoffs between KD and KB..it would be a no brainer...any time you can avoid Kobe in the playoffs is a good time. Still think LaLas are ripe for being upset...so 6 or 7...OKC or LAL...Bring it on!  I guess what I am saying is GOOD JOB on a nice team W... much sweeter with the A teams playing all game. I said Nuggz needed a statement game...and they got one.  The message being..."Hey OKC We Are Not Afraid!"  GO NUGGETS!!!
candycandyYOU::Will the Miami Heats Win The NBA Championship This Year?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5G4GgA1azg
diehardnr1::I dunno...heard they held a party and a parade though...
You Can Take My Roy But You Can Never Take My Freeeeeedom::Hey guys, just got back from a Laker fan dominated board.  I might need some emotional support.
Fire_George_Karl::Nuggets win. Even though we went to the FT line more, y'all got the star calls and couldn't win. I honestly would like to see you in the first round so we could smack you around. F.UCK YOU OKC
lspat1980::Still bitter about getting smacked around in Last Year's Playoffs (time when i Matters). OKC didn't need this game, and harden didn't play, so to me, this game didn't matter. OKC last their last game last year to Milwaukee at Home, and to make it all the Way to the Western Finals. THUNDER UP
albea23yme::so the knicks and 76ers have the same record right now at 35-30, both have their final game thursday. if they end with the same record, either both losing or both winning, who get's the 7 and 8 seeds? how is it determined  thanks
Meet Friar Manning::Doesnt matter if the sixers have the better record
Meet Friar Manning::2nd tiebreaker is conference record
albea23yme::so the knicks have the advantage in that case, they won the season series 2-1. but what if the knicks lose and the 76ers win. but the knicks have the head to head lead
Meet Friar Manning::head to head record is the first tiebreaker
68steve13::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets
soonerboomer65::I lost my money, my job, my family, three fingers and a kidney
Meet Friar Manning::Confound your infernal betting system!
RockyMountainWay1::Knick_fanatic86 probably isnt "chuloflow" but he's another reason i hate the Knicks...their stupid fans..just like the Lakers got troll fans
Martin Rodriguez677::You must not be very observant. Spurs and Mavs fans dominate the troll, multiple account posters on these boards.  Look for how many times you see the phrase, 'Laker-heads' used by multiple accounts, and you'll start to see the reality of these boards.
Meet Friar Manning::Meh everybody has them its just to what extent... big markets tend to be the worst
RockyMountainWay1::Bulls fans arent bad for the most part, Spurs fans are cool, Mavs fans are ok and even dare I say it Heat fans arent as bad as Lakers fans or Knicks on here but the bandwagon is about the same
mauisku::proud to be a nugget fan haha gotta give much respect to the mastermind himself #George Karl.
lombian11::our answer to that is on manimal and javel,
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::BTW:   GO NUGGETS!!!!!!! I'll support them to the end... just like all my teams :)   Nuggs have a promising future..... All in.... Can ya dig?!
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::I could probably write a book on GK's unaccomplishedments.... Every regular season record is negated when it comes to post season play... I don't have to write a story here boys... just look at the facts... will GK ever win a 'Ship'?!  I surely hope so.... but the odds are looking pretty bad.... HE IS JUST NOT A GOOD POST SEASON COACH!!!!!!!!
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::I'm gonna throw out a drunken counter claim.... I could be way off.... The very thing GK does very well is the same thing that haunts him in the playoffs... it's his SYSTEM..... the run and gun offense.... outscore your opponent.. push... do whatever it takes to score more points....  this SYSTEM works 'more than it doesn't' in the regular season.  right?!    Well welcome to the playoffs!! where every defensive stop means everything!... then what happens?! The opposition is matching your intensity and all of a sudden you have no clear edge in the line ups... the opposition is now clearly out hustling you both offensively and defensively!!  They were more prepared... am I making any sense?!!!!  drunk :)
Meet Friar Manning::I dont really know if its a postseason thing, its more of his inability to draw up a play/timing on timeout calls/teaching defense problem for George that in the playoffs you simply cant have... That being said i do think he can win a championship and theres no sense in wondering because he just signed and extension so get used to him, it is what it is
Meet Friar Manning::George can disappoint at times, if we're talkin masterminds ill go #Masai Ujiri
Knick_fanatic86::Holy crap how u go 3-13 with 14 pts???? Dam Gallo is another Scola LOL they're should be an award for most FLOP in a season
diehardnr1::Maybe a broken thumb thats still healing might have something to do with  his shooting?  I agree that he has been off...and a times, it felt like he was singlehandedly trying to give the game to OKC.  His drives are what worries me most....while he has always looked like a baby giraffe running, he could usually find the shot or pass.  Now it seems like he has no clue as what to do once he is in the lane,,,could be the thumb preventing him going left handed...but probably just no plan B.
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::Gallo needs to straight up perform better:...?!!! He has been playing terrible... even with the games he has statistically fared well in, he is still extremely under performing and is not looking like his old self... looks like a confidence issues to me...  hopefully he can get his confidence back for the playoffs... sadly, Gallo could become a liability on offense if he doesn't get it together fast before the first round!
Meet Friar Manning::True but he can, everyone was missin em today it was just one of those days
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::he needs to make the free throws if this is how he plans on making points ;)
Meet Friar Manning::Im not too worried, the jumpers will come and the penetration doesnt seem to be the problem, just finishing... Also hes good at getting free throws so id never really call him a liability but i just think hes still getting back into the groove and needs to just keep trying and not shy away from contact
Meet Friar Manning::hes certainly no Rocket Spur or clipper, but he does like to accentuate contact a la chauncey billups... that being said he wasnt doing that much today he was just getting fouled ... Its cool though i like to try and rile people up too
Meet Friar Manning::haha yeah a couple years ago a friend of mine had me ship him some tincture to NYC because you just cant find it there
Dented_rim::hahaha - in NY they illegally shake you down and put you away for 9 month for a green bud - devolution at its finest.
Meet Friar Manning::Yeah nothing like a over crowded city without medical marijuana to get you wound up... poor little feller
Dented_rim::New Yorkers are born riled up - just smile at them and they start to twitch. Have long hair and they wet their pants. Dick Cheney looks like a laid back hippy next to them.  Watch this, this is how you rile an NY'er; how is that trade with the M's working out... lol.
Meet Friar Manning::Wha Russel had 9 dimes? Stop the presses
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::It is so clear who the second best player on OKC team is.... thankfully he did not play tonight... fourth best player is debatable..
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::James Harden I really do believe is the second best player on the team.... then Ibaka/Westbrook
Meet Friar Manning::Serge id say, good at Post D even though he tends to get out of position and a good 15 foot jump shooter and dunker
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::oh... double like!
Meet Friar Manning::haha i want some alcohol... stupid high marijuana tolerance
Meet Friar Manning::Im neither, im a nuggets fan who thinks OKC could be unstoppable if they had a real PG, thankfully they foolishly signed Russel to an extension
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::agreed! I am drunk and wondering if you're a ballsy OKC fan? or a trash talker?
twodaysfast::Russel cracks me up for two reasons...  1)  He looks like the dancing/singing frog off the old Looney Tunes cartoon.  2)  When someone scores on him he turns on his "ima get mine" mode and will just try to score right back on them, regardless of when it is in the game, who on his team is open, if Durant has score 50 pts already.  Russel will just try to get his, and if the opposing player keeps scoring on him, like Lawson regularly does, Russel will just act like he's hurt.  Dude's an amazing talent no question, but he could be so much better if he's just play more team ball.
Meet Friar Manning::haha like when he didnt get the call and proceeded to go down the court and airball a three today.... He is Allen Iverson 2.0; a super athlete with no knowledge and awareness and an insistence on scoring for himself rather than the team
68steve13::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets
twodaysfast::Dear Denver, Memphis, Indiana, etc, you will not win the NBA title this year.  The NBA will not let you.
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::Hastings is the eponymy (sp?) of home crowd support... he does an excellent job of pointing out the bad calls on the opposing team... but never seems to mention the calls that go the Nuggets way... (most of the time)... Anyway... I really loved this long ranting comment post... I also agree, Nuggets (Pacers if u wish), or any team without a first class superstar is going to have a MUCH TOUGHER time getting to the dance 'Ship' without a real SUPERSTAR.... It will be almost impossible!!!!  (Dirk was/is a superstar) anymore brainbusters?!
booker1981::players flop, because they suck at defense. Its a pathetic way to play basketball
Meet Friar Manning::haha nice yeah i like hearing other announcers, Scott Hastings is hilarious but he sure is a homer, today it had me laughing when he was clearly angry at a call and said 'Thats not a charge!' before realizing it wasnt and he was just assuming the refs would call one
twodaysfast::I am a HUGE Villanova fan and I am starting to dislike Lowry because of his constant flopping.  The best part was in one of the Denver/Houston matchups this year, I was watching the Houston broadcast of the game; sometimes it nice to not hear the home announcers and hear what the other announcers think of the Nuggets, and the Houston guys called out Lowry and his flopping.  Whoever the color commentary guy is said "stop flopping and play some defense Kyle!!!"
Meet Friar Manning::Two worst easily... i cant stand them, houston especially because they just have no talent and fall down every other play... clippers like to as well
twodaysfast::What is it with Texas basketball.  First San Antonio, and now Houston.
Meet Friar Manning::That sentence is spectacular, but coming from a spurs fan its somewhat perplexing
twodaysfast::Bingo!  We have a winner!
booker1981::The refs in the NBA are the worst. Stop calling the game in the favor of the stars, and just call the game fair. So what if they have been stars in the NBA for years, just because they missed the shot doesn't mean they got fouled. I feel like the refs are more fans then they are officials, and that pathetic
twodaysfast::They need to just get rid of charges in general.
Meet Friar Manning::They can give superstars all the calls they want if they could ever figure out how to call blocks and charges... thats what really gets me
Meet Friar Manning::Is that you Tim Donaghy? Dallas wouldnt have beat the Heat if that were true
twodaysfast::I don't really buy the conspiracy theories either, but at the same time, sitting through this season and watching the calls and non-calls just makes you wonder.  Perfect example is how much Dirk travels when he gets the ball in the post; he changes his pivot foot all the time.  Blake Griffin constantly throwing his elbow out when he goes to drunk; never called.  Durant being award the continuation call tonight with the massive dunk on Javale; the rule clearly states there is no continuation when you dribble the ball.
Meet Friar Manning::precisely booker... also i despise your team haha
Meet Friar Manning::true but the spurs series are always low rated but they seem to make it back time and time again... I buy Stern not being as pleased with that match up as say New York LA, but i dont buy him doing anything to sabotage other teams chances. Nor do i buy Ref conspiracy theories, they are what they are
twodaysfast::Tim Duncan, Tony Parker.
booker1981::They love the Spurs, and they have had the lowest rated finals ever
twodaysfast::Haha, it was.  I am talking about an NBA finals with two teams without a "superstar."  The NBA would s.hit their pants.  It would draw the lowest ratings in as long as they could remember if they didn't have a "superstar" to pimp.  The casual basketball fan would have no inclination to turn on the game.
Meet Friar Manning::haha was that 'Donald Sterns' a Mayor Menino reference or just a mental slip... also what Denver Indiana series are you talking about,
twodaysfast::Just stating the NBA will not let a team without a "superstar" win the NBA title.  How do you think David Stern and everyone not in Colorado or Indiana feel about a Denver/Indiana series?
Meet Friar Manning::Well you just seemed to be saying the refs wouldnt let us win so i dont really see how that matters
twodaysfast::Nope, Dallas has Dirk.
convolutedthought::thought durant want going to play...
Meet Friar Manning::well you thought correct as he did
booker1981::ESPN acts like OKC won the game. They showed two made shots for the Nuggets, and the rest was OKC highlights. I understand the Durant highlights because of the scoring title, but they showed complete disrespect for the Nuggets, and the great game they played. Faried had another double double.. Miller threw a sick alley oop to Magee, and little man Lawson dunked it on a fast break. If the Nuggets win their first round match up. ESPN will show 10% Nuggets highlights and 90% OKC or LA highlight. completely bias station that it is. Get off the big makers teams nuts.
booker1981::Donagy shouldn't of been the only ref out of a job
booker1981::true they are not big market, but they get all the calls because they have the big names. I wouldn't be surprised if the refs asked for their autographs after the game.
twodaysfast::It makes perfect business sense sadly.
Meet Friar Manning::yeah welcome to basketball though... i thought the refs did a decent job today but big names will always get the calls, and certain refs will always call bad flops
Meet Friar Manning::OKCs not even big market its just big names and thats what gets ratings so thats what they care about...
sports guy12::ho-hum another double-double for Faried, again how did this guy get passed up by 21 teams?
booker1981::they didn't draft Ty Lawson, but acquired him draft night
twodaysfast::They haven't drafted anyone worth a s.hit.  Luckily for us fans, they have done a real good job of trading for talent.
DUIofMiguelCabrera::They've only had a couple of picks over that time.  They traded a bunch away.
twodaysfast::I couldn't believe Denver got him.  I remember looking at my friend and saying, "damn, Denver actually drafted a really good player for once."  Name the last good player not named Carmelo Denver drafted?
twodaysfast::Denver didn't draft Lawson, Minnesota did.
Lemons134::Ty Lawson
twodaysfast::Agree 100%
Meet Friar Manning::Two words; Masai Ujiri
LeBron James - Guardian of the Galaxy::Down 3... 12 seconds left... Durant has the ball in single coverage and he passes it to Fisher?  At least LeBron is doubled when he passes off.
Knick_fanatic86::Durant gave Mcgee a FACIAL ??? LMAO WTF how you let Bones do it to you?? Crazy its on TOP plays
twodaysfast::Or the fact the play should have never counted.  Great dunk by Durant no question, but he dribbled after the foul, and the rules clearly state there is no continuation when you dribble.
c5a1t3s::agreed. and it weird as this is, i think mcgee understood that and was then surprised when KD kept driving.
booker1981::Magee jammed it on Westbrook, and  Faried stuffed that chump too. Watch the whole game, not just the completely bias ESPN highlights.
Knick_fanatic86::NO HE SHOULDNT Durant is 180 soak and wet Mcgee is like 260 he shouldve block the living sh.it out of Durant
booker1981::Durant is  6'10" with a 7' plus wing span. he should of dunked on Mcgee. The Mcgee dunk was a sick alley oops that westbrook tried to stop and got imbaressed in the process
Knick_fanatic86::Mcgee jamming it on a PG isn't nothing to be happy about buddy SMH FAIL comment^^^
Heiroglyphic::Great win tonight Nuggets, but realistically, I don't think we can beat either OKC or LAL in a seven game series. We need to keep in mind that OKC was missing Harden, 6th man of the year tonight. I think that OKC would beat us in 6, but we could probably take the Lakers to 7 games. If Karl plays McGee and Koufus a lot and doesn't play Harrington at the 5, I think we'll have the size to compete with the Lakers. Then it just comes down to letting Kobe get his and limiting the other players. The HUGE mismatch that will go in the Nuggets favor is Gallo. With the absence of World Peace, the Lakers will have no one to contain him. Barnes is too small, and Gasol is too slow. If the Nuggets knock down their open shots consistently, we're in for a fun series.
c5a1t3s::well you can take your fair-weather, pessimistic fandom somewhere else; it doesn't belong here.
Knick_fanatic86::Knicks are 17-6 under new coach   Hate on that HATERSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Easy O::aaaaaaaaaaaaand no one cares.
GerardoE303::chuloflow...
68steve13::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets
68steve13::Totally man!
16Ncountnla4life7::that's just fucking awesome dude
16Ncountnla4life7::2nd round spurs vs grizz lakers vs thunder  bulls vs celtics heat vs pacers
ROMEOx24::hopefully memphis knocks out the Spurs
jbe1984::Can't see it again this year.   Spurs last year were worse than their record, limped into the playoffs (like 7-8 down the stretch), injured Manu, and matched up terribly against the Grizz.  This year, they match up better, are healthier, and are playing much better ball. Spurs in 6.
jbe1984::Conf finals?  Spurs - Lakers Bulls - Heat
16Ncountnla4life7::for sure
jbe1984::Would love to see it happen. See if Bron can get past Boston again.
16Ncountnla4life7::not a 100% d rose and the celtics have a bench this year, they can shut down 1 player with their defense. it will be a tough series but the celtics will win
jbe1984::Assuming unhealthy D Rose, or just like the Celtics' chances?
16Ncountnla4life7::grizz lakers heat celtics
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::MWP sheared the beard Lmmfao
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::I look at it again and again Harden did do some bullsh.it by running all up on him after the fact. Being somewhat of an a.sshole though , all though it was kind of deserving M-Dubb P did have bad intentions.
16Ncountnla4life7::HARDENS A BITCH
12_21_2012::Skip Clueless will be happy 2morrow that the Thunder lost
THA TRUTH 365::HELL BE HAPPY FOR KEVIN NO -D - URANT'S 32 POINTS
THA TRUTH 365::YOU MEAN SKIP SAYLESS AKA SKIP PAYLESS AKA WATER PISTOL PETE
12_21_2012::haaaa niice yeah that guy
Knick_fanatic86::WOW Westbrick out played Lawson tonight and still lost
16Ncountnla4life7::http://www.hotnewhiphop.com/wiz-khalifa-work-hard-play-hard-song.794363.html
RicoSuave925::Upsets in the first round Mavs over Thunder Knicks over Heat.....book it......
Flamewatcher19::This is just dumb.
Pinkycuh::Same guys trying Mack this chick, would look around in a cafeteria and eat some left over food from someone they don't know.
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::I'm just looking at the cyber melons shid lol
ROMEOx24::lol you would know this because you clean cafeterias right? haha
ROMEOx24::lmao not a kid but everyone here is half your age old man.
12_21_2012::sorry i didnt know u were a kid but if u talk shiit expect to get it back.  thats how life works.  well off to the craps tables to get paid enjoy your night people
16Ncountnla4life7::how old are you
ROMEOx24::nvm lmao but its pathetic for a 32 year old to be on here talking smack to kids.
12_21_2012::well im 32 so if you're older than that then yeah you're older than me
ROMEOx24::mom jokes ... just by that I know for a fact I'm older than you.
Pinkycuh::Cool, you can be a HIV study
16Ncountnla4life7::LOL. DUDE I WASN'T ACTUALLY THINKING I WAS GUNNA $@%! HER HAHA. JUST MAKING CONVERSATION
12_21_2012::i told your mom to swallow but she didn't listen and look what happened^^^^^^^^^^^
ROMEOx24::^^^ someone should have gave your father that advice
12_21_2012::well good luck and if it does wind up being a girl you might wanna double up
16Ncountnla4life7::i hollered at her cause her screen name said atlanta, which is where i'm from. i don't need to tell you my track record son, you wouldn't believe it either way and i could care less what you think. good talk tho
Pinkycuh::Lol
ROMEOx24::no one is hollaring, well maybe 16ncountla4life7 is but not me.
Pinkycuh::Dude, if you got to holla at a girl on a guy sport board, that's FUC kin emberassing. May as well be in the joint. Get in the real world. Only girl I ever hollered at online, I boned
16Ncountnla4life7::.......................
ROMEOx24::I got a gf son ask your mom.
Pinkycuh::I got 5 words for both of you DES PER FUC IN RATE!!!
16Ncountnla4life7::you never score if you never try..i bet your one of those guys who doesn't talk to any chic at the club cause you scared
12_21_2012::nah i live in vegas you know what's what out there
ROMEOx24::lol sounds like you have experience in that field
12_21_2012::you gotta look for the adam's apple
16Ncountnla4life7::could be. i personally think it's a girl judging by what she said.
ROMEOx24::nah some guys dress up like girls so I heard lol ....the dark and music you would probably end up dancing with a tranny haha
12_21_2012::atleast at the club you can tell if it's really a lady.  that could be a 50 yr old dude wit a pic of a girl wasting your time.  let us know which it is
Pinkycuh::U both got me. I'm speechless
LAKERSareTRASH::So what does everyone think will happen to Spurs?
16Ncountnla4life7::lose to the grizz in 6 or 7
OSUPOKES OKCTHUNDER::agreed
FlawlessVictoryKid27.0::They probably won't get knocked out of the the 1st round.
LOVENOTEAM::Tran knee...
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Lmao you cold
SouthernDiva_AtlantaChiQ::THA TRUTH 365 DO YOU GO TO ECHELON 3000 _____________________________ No, I hate Stone Mountain
THA TRUTH 365::AT THIS POINT ALL OF GEORGIA IS THE SAME, YEARS AGO IT WAS DIFFERENT BUT THAT WAS BEFORE PERDUE AND DEAL.
Pinkycuh::Is ATL even in postseason?
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Check it out dude your name proves that you sir are a hater. Trash teams don't win rings buddy. In other news I hope the Hawks eat them damn Baked Beans alive.
16Ncountnla4life7::yea they play the celts
LAKERSareTRASH::5 seed
RicoSuave925::If Durant wins the scoring title..."hahaha Durant won the scoring title" - Durant fans If Kobe wins the scoring title... " Of course he's gonna win it he shoot 30 times per game" - Durant fans
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Butthurt tell that fool you can careless about KB wining a scoring title. Damn glad the team I root for put my city on the Basketball map by wining NBA titles. Real talk!.
FlawlessVictoryKid27.0::?
RicoSuave925::Why butthurt?
LAKERSareTRASH::butthurt KOBE fan
16Ncountnla4life7::THIS IS DEFINITELY A CHIC PPL
12_21_2012::i'll take your word for it
12_21_2012::If you say so, you must really be lonely
16Ncountnla4life7::haha dude i'm in college a one of the craziest schools in the country. i might be lonely later on in life but i got plenty of company right now
ROMEOx24::lonely he is lol but thats a chick 70/30
Pinkycuh::No thunder player would give that girl the time of day, they may let her wash some dirty draws, that's about it.
SouthernDiva_AtlantaChiQ::Stephon Curry, Shannon Brown, Corey Maggette, Matt Barnes, Al Horford, George Hill, Gallanari, Dwight Howard. Those guys are sexy. Everybody on OKC IS BUTT UGLY.
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::You forgot Shawn Masters which is me Lmmfao hard.
FlawlessVictoryKid27.0::Ummmmmm....LOL!
16Ncountnla4life7::yo i look like gallinari, hear it all the time
16Ncountnla4life7::nah just italian with a killer shot
ROMEOx24::thats another way of saying ur cracker white haha
ROMEOx24::ok thats really a girl I heard my ex Gf say half of those guys are attractive haha...
LAKERSareTRASH::translates to------OKC kicked my teams a$$.
LAKERSareTRASH::97-90 is killed?
SouthernDiva_AtlantaChiQ::No, Hawks killed them.
9-11 IS AN INSIDE JOB::Did you see how Spurs Bench defeated the full force of PHX? That will say something about the Spurs!
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Don't mean nothing playoffs 0-0 New ball game.
16Ncountnla4life7::they the deepest team in the nba for sho
SouthernDiva_AtlantaChiQ::James Harden deserved it. He is so ugly with that beard and fro-hawk!
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::I look at it again and again Harden did do some bullsh.it by running all up on him after the fact. Being somewhat of an a.sshole though , all though it was kind of deserving M-Dubb P did have bad intentions.
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Lmmfao hard
THA TRUTH 365::DO YOU GO TO ECHELON 3000
LOVENOTEAM::Easy on the collagen lips...
FlawlessVictoryKid27.0::Alright fuzzy picture...average face.
LAKERSareTRASH::so he deserved an elbow for being ugly?  Maybe I should knee you in the vajayjay in that case.
ROMEOx24::lol which basketball players do you find attractive?
12_21_2012::prob the white ones
16Ncountnla4life7::you ever been to georgia southern?
16Ncountnla4life7::yea but we get rowdy down here too girl. you should visit sometime. rudy's is off the chain
SouthernDiva_AtlantaChiQ::Statesboro too country.
