Andrew Fuehring::Trade Deng and start Marquis Teague for the season, that would ensure a lottery pick.
Adam Youman::what the hell why did snell only play 5 minutes????
James Joseph::Chicago blows
Michele Martini Butz::That's pretty straight forward. True, though and even better, the Heat rule!!! ;D
Brennan Cooper::Michele Martini Butz I'm glad you've enjoyed your last four years of Heat fandom. Don't break your ankles hopping off if LeBron leaves.
Angel Zapata::Well those who said the Bulls play better without Rose look so stupid. Sucks cause Rose was starting to look more like his old self. Even with Rose this still wouldnt have been a championship team. Now with Rose done for the year, as much as sucks for Thibs (who is a great coach) & the guys on the team, they should be tanking and trade Deng for a draft pick.
Tommy Romeo::Your post lost all credibility when you said Thibs is a great coach.
Angel Zapata::Tommy Romeo He is. How is he a not a great coach given the players he has had out there playing the last 2 years?
Brennan Cooper::Tommy Romeo Thibs is the only reason the Bulls are competing with all role players in a star-driven league.
Lu Kane::snell should start the starting unit needs the spacing desperately, and jimmy would be better served coming off the bench hes too passive when playing with the starters.
Trevor Hennington::Agree with that, Butler either chucks like crazy and misses everything like tonight, or hes way too conservative and goes 3-4 or 4-6 for the night.  He would be better off the bench, might allow him to be more free offensively.
Michael John::after that blow out by the Raptors, can we PLEASE trade Deng while we can get something in return? The man is becoming injury prone and we need to dump him ASAP
Brantley Lott::Deng is a good player
Joseph Cespedes::Boozer really doesnt want to stay with the team .....he has been nowhere the last several weeks after a good start
Jay Zee::Its obvious that the Bulls are tanking.  Yes they are saying they aren't but come on.  They are on a #safariforjabari
Lu Kane::i think jabari gonna stay another year
Jay Zee::Lu Kane DigginforWiggins? lol
Josh Tritt::I thought Jimmy Butler was the next D-Wade? Thats what all the bulls fans were saying last year.
Sean Berniard::Next D-Wade?!?!? No smart Bulls fan could have said that lol
Taylor Manes::He is not the next d wade Jimmy is good and not injury prone d wade is injury prone
Chad Wiggins::perfect pass too bad the bullls have no one that can make a f******** basket... wow the are awful
Trevor Hennington::Pass was to a guy that got cut from the raptors, can't expect much when that happens...
Chad Wiggins::Trevor Hennington my point.... he's on the court in a tight fourth quarter
Bryan Neuner::They might pull it off though
Tommy Romeo::Augustin doesn't belong in the NBA no wonder he wasn't on a team.  What an awful, awful player.
Brennan Cooper::True. And sadly, he's still better than Teague.
Lu Kane::looks like snell will get the rookie treatment from here on.
Trevor Hennington::Which is a huge waste, this is the season to develop the guy for next year.
Trevor Hennington::Makes even less sense when you see Butler is 1-11...
Rocky Rosado::DJ is still a better option than Hinrich and Teague
Angel Zapata::offensively no doubt.
Brennan Cooper::Hinrich is a better player. He's probably been hurt which is why he's struggling so much with his shot. Augustin is a 3rd point guard at best on a good team. Unfortunately, Teague is D-League level at this point.
Mark Onken::Whos starting at PG ?
Michael Repko::another ugly performance by a piss poor team........where to begin?? 82 points..35% shooting.....Butler should just stay on the injured list, 1-11.....Gibson 1-7.........5-18 on 3 pointers....and all of this against a 7-17 team! good job guys, you apparently cant beat ANYBODY
Trevor Hennington::You forgot to mention Orlando was on a back to back and all their starters still played at least 32 mins...
Michael Repko::I gotta put blame on the coach, between handling the lineups and what they do in practice.............these displays are inexcusable!
Brennan Cooper::The coach is the only valuable asset on the team right now. They just don't have guys that can create any shots. Boozer is done. I do think he should give Tony Snell a little more run. He can shoot a little bit.
Michael Repko::this team better pick it up in the 2nd half...........absolutely NO reason for this piss poor play once again! either the coach is not running this team conditionally or the ENTIRE roster just stinks!!
Josh Tritt::The lack of talent might be a reason.
Adrian DiMarcantonio::can't stand the bulls or pacers. They t think they win the championship when they beat the heat in the regular season. 20 or so teams a year beat the heat in the regular season.
Trevor Hennington::Well to be fair, the Pacers have a good shot at it.
Taylor Manes::I ant stand your avatar or the heat..shut the f up..no one values your thought
Brian Peterson::That idiot doesn't even deserve his name brought up anymore...  A wide open layup for the miss.  You won't hear about him much after this year!!  His little career is over..
Agostinho Felisberto::Who?
Michael Pellegrino::Agostinho Felisberto Exacty Brian's point.
Brennan Cooper::You guys realize he was the ONLY player on the team that score AT ALL. They would've lost by 30 without him.
Kyle Griswold::Derek Rose apparently dropped Adidas and released a new pair of kicks for Christmas: http://amzn.com/B005J3HHTU
Ronnie Duke::why would I help pay his salary if he isn't playing?
Timothy Pfingsten::This is crap they cant even beat some of the worst teams in the league even at home. Time to everhaul the bulls or go out and get another great player.
Challon Perry::59 points after three quarters?!  Awful.  Even when Rose comes back, this team needs offense at 1,2, and probably the 4/5 positions.
Ronnie Duke::it's one thing to be a bad team, and another to suck. the bulls absolutely, positively, 100% beyond a shadow of a doubt suck.
Brennan Cooper::They compete on defense. There just isn't a guy out there who is a scorer.
Bob DuMars::The bulls without "CHINA ROSE" are just another also ran--Even with mr. fragile they were going to be .500
Brennan Cooper::Except they were 6-4, and had beaten the Pacers before he got hurt. So even though there is absolutely no proof or logic behind what you're saying, I'm glad you felt free to say it. 'Murica.
Paul Steeno::Wow this one was disappointing. We are having trouble beating the worst teams in the league right now.
Chad Wiggins::deng is staight funk... goofy herky jerky hard to watch, and now add lay up choker to the list... BUM
