Amaze76er::Zach go make some friends in real life...real talk lol
LAsports92656::lakers got sessions!!!!!!!!!!
edelspot::Mitch won that deal. If I'm Cavs GM I say..."Mitch you get a PG, you might make a run. I ain't takin Luke's 6.5mil off your hands too. You want me to help you now, and the offseason??? Sessions for your pick...take it or leave it."  Can't believe he took Luke off Lakers hands too. You guys get a ring, send one to Cavs GM.
DidYouSeeThat36::Did the Lakers really trade Luke Walton and a draft pick for him??? HaHaHa
DidYouSeeThat36::Like the Outcome of this game, but do you realize that between the starting PG and back-up for the Hornets...they were 19/28 for 45pts, 6 rebounds, and 12 assists.  Lakers need a defending PG more than a scoring one...
ZachC1965::Lakers need 51 more FTs than their opponents to win the past two games in OT...  Looks like Stern is back to fixing things for his favorite team...
DidYouSeeThat36::He still feels bad about screwing them over the Chris Paul deal...don't hate
Amaze76er::Wolfs have a team rating of 30 in 2k12 lmao
rickywolfio3.0::LeBron has 99 rating in 2k12...Kobe has a 93 I think we all know who is better now.
kobeair2424::well in video games, attributes like speed, vertical leap, quickness, all help the player's rating which doesn't mean the player is better.
ZachC1965::Yes, in reality James is about twice as good as Kobe, not just 6 percent better...
Shub2308::Video game not reality
Amaze76er::Lebrick chokeee again..lmao
Amaze76er::Lmao I rather have lue as a laker then the clippers in LA
ZachC1965::Is there a bigger sham in pro sports than the Lakers..?  Took 29 more FTs than their opponents two nights ago, took 22 more FTs than NO last night...  This is simply a crappy team that would be losing these games by 10-20 points without the refs' obvious attempts to help them...
Qzhoopin72::Zach....and if the Queen had gonads, she'd be the King.
Qzhoopin72::There in nothiing more narrow-minded than to simply look at a box score and assume the refs "cheated" just cause one team shot way more FT's than the other team. What that disparity shows is how the Lakers are attacking the basket with their bigs and with Kobe, instead of settling for jump shots like NO and Memphis did. It ain't about the refs helping them...it's about them waking up and playing to their strengths.
ZachC1965::I agree you can't judge everything by the box score, but Laker fans would be howling if the other team took 30 more FTs than they did...
eightbitme::Stats matter most to the losing team.  :-)
RocForceOne::Your tears are over flowing my monitor
speakmemory::Kobe's most spectacular shot came after a blown whistle -MInutes before the half, the Lakers had committed a turnover and were walking back on D -  Kobe got the ball and BOUNCED it just inside the FT line AND BANKED IT IN! - Is there any shot he can't make?  We're so lucky to have witnessed his amazing career, and it's not over, folks!!!
ZachC1965::Rape-boy is one of the most overrated jerks to ever play a pro sport.   He stinks pretty much every game. Get back to me when he actually has a good shooting night...
edelspot::You forgot the 3 FT's for attempting a pass beyond the 3pt line.
ZachC1965::I watch him occasionally but it gets sickening pretty quick if you actually know the game.  A bricklayer who never makes half his shots, and lives off whistles...often on plays where there was clearly no real contact at all...
speakmemory::Yet I bet you're watching him play every time.  Hypocrite.
edelspot::Anyone who's ever played amateur or pro has tried that at some point. Ever played "horse?" Done it myself. Seen it many, many times. KKR members impress easily.
edelspot::It's not hate. It's utter disdain for the KKR Club. If kobe took a dump on your lawn, yall would admire it as a work of art. You'd probably put a plaster cast over it and bronze it! He's a great scorer and an overglorified ball hog. I'd be impressed with his league leading scoring if he wasn't taking 5 more shots a game than the next closest guy in league. That's ball hogging by any measure except KKR Club.
speakmemory::I CAN'T WIN!!!!  HOW'S THIS????  KOBE DOES NOTHING RIGHT!!!!!!   SATISFIED NOW?????  Unbelievable.  You must really hate the guy.  HE'S JUST A BASKETBALL PLAYER, GET OVER IT!!!!!!
lvlr_l3anks::I was wondering if my son and I were the only ones that actually noticed that it went in lol
lvlr_l3anks::What's the link to the regular main Lakers board?
ACandOJ::http://espn.go.com/nba/conversations/_/id/2821260/comment-lakers
jviramontes13::Yeah, where my Laker haters at??  Did the refs give them this game too, you bunch of cry-baby haters??!!
ZachC1965::Glad you asked. Lakers are a joke...  Took 35 FTs to 4 for the other team two games ago, then took 22 more FTs last night...  This is their only chance in the playoffs...out and out fixes by the ref/league...
tmohr48::Lakers haters are in hiding now that the purple and gold have this 4 game win streak.
timh651::Jamal Crawford to the Timberwolves - http://www.WolveSwag.com
aikens97::dwight howard annoys the sugar honey ice tea out of me
rico20538::WHY IN THE HELL IS LUKE WALTON IS STILL ON THE TEAM!? HE HAS NOT CONTRIBUTE TO JACK **IT. IS IT BECAUSE OF HIS FATHER? THEY HAVE TRADED SOME GOOD PLAYERS AND LUKE IS STILL SEATING ON HIS A$$ COLLECTING A CHECK. GET HIM OUT OF THERE AND FREE UP SOME SPACE FOR HOWARD.
speakmemory::The reason is because of his contract and the obvious fact that no one wants him.  I can't understand how people can say a player is terrible and then expect another team to take him in a trade.  Don't you think other GMs know a player is terrible more than you do?  Why would you expect Walton to be desired by another squad?  Even Luke knows this.  He'll sit and when the time comes, gladly get traded and retire- That's the best way to help the Lakers right now.
eightbitme::Which team offered Rashard Lewis that 115 mIllion dollar contract?   Maybe they'll take Luke. Take Luke and we will throw in a Laker Girl. :-)
2kobeisgood4::Glad i'm not the only one who doesn't want Howard
tmohr48::Yep.... Purple and gold are doing just fine with existing team.
tmohr48::Get over it.... Lakers do not need Howard, especially his horrific free throw shooting. As for Luke Walton, Lakers tried to unload his expiring contract but no go...  go Lakers
lvlr_l3anks::#1 - We don't need Howard. #2 - Luke's contract is expiring next year which makes him trade bait then, he does have a high BB IQ #3 - We don't need Howard.
pjreiter::Luke is not trade bait.  He's dead weight.  I always laugh when I hear people say that Luke is a good passer and has a good BB IQ.  Who gives a crud.  The guy doesn't score and never plays.
dunkin57::This game was a perfect example of why we need a point guard BADLY!!!  When jarret jack can score 30 points, then you KNOW your point guard is booty!! This dude couldnt score 30 points in a gym all alone by himself!! This situation must be rectified!!
aikens97::he averages 15ppg
elibeme::im sick of all these people. Kobe and Lebron are unquestionably the best 2 players of this decade and will probably go down in the top 3, with mj. Why do all you people think it has to be one or the other. my goodness
lvlr_l3anks::You're not hearing as much about Sessions and Felton because if D12 signs in Orlando that makes DWill attainable.
Shub2308::Lebron folds like a cheap lawn chair
elibeme::Look im the biggest kobe fan ever. but if you truly think with the team he has now that they are never going to win... come on.
SeaDog73::I'm not hearing as much anymore about Felton or Sessions.  I was hoping that if Beasley comes to LA and Blake is gone, that a follow up deal involving Sessions was coming.   If Blake goes, it makes our PG situation that much worse.   It will be interesting, but I'll be dissappointed if we don't do something at PG.
elibeme::i would give anything for a pg at this point
SeaDog73::If something can happen today before the deadline that puts a decent PG, like Session for example, in a Lakers uniform, they have a great shot to get out of the west and perhaps win the chip.   Things would have to go very well for them, but it's certainly not a far fetched idea.
SeaDog73::No, this past decade it's been Kobe alone, not the two of them.   Going forward for the next decade, it's likely to be Lebron, but not Kobe..................the race against age cannot be won!   Still, today, for one game, with everything on the line, I'm still taking Kobe over Lebron.
pjreiter::You have a certain point but when a player like Kobe stays with his team for essentially his entire career you have to admit that a certain bond develops between the fans and player.  Personally, I think that is what is truly wrong with this league.  Gone are the days when the majority of players would stay on a team for a long period of time.
SeaDog73::I agree.   The thing that annoys me the most is the fact that there seem to be more "Kobe" or "Lebron" fans than Lakers and Heat fans.   I'm a Lakers diehard for over 30 years, and I don't give a crap who wears the purple and gold, I'm cheering them.  I'm completely about the team, and I'm very puzzled by the guys who cheer players and their allegiance follows them around.  Example: All the Cavs bandwagon jumpers now sporting Heat jerseys.   I hate the idea.
elibeme::Im certainly not saying Lebron is over Kobe. I am talking about all the 'kobrick' and 'lebrick' fans. who act like every time either of these people miss a shot they suddenly become awful. its so annoying
Shub2308::Lebron hasn't won don't mention him with Jordan or Kobe sorry
Shub2308::I love people that make their espn screen name in reference to Kobe.  I know he is the best in the league, 5 rings, 14 all star appearances, 9 time all defensive 1st team, MVP regular season, 2 all star MVP, 2 scoring titles, Slam dunk champion, 2 finals MVP, 81 points.
eightbitme::Tell me about it.  Instead of a screen name supporting the team they root for, they make a screen name trying to dis Kobe.  Someone should tell them that making a screen name trying to discredit someone else is nothing more than a compliment.  :-)
kyearty1::Jus Shut Up. Lakers Won. Kobe Did What He Needed Especially In Overtime. Great Win Lakeshow.
SeaDog73::I wouldn't call it a great win, but I will take it, that's for sure.   I like that they are doing a much better job of executing in the fourth quarter.  It helps that the rotations have gotten more consistent and that guys seem to know their roles better.
joemcleod83::I give Bynum 2 weeks before he gets injured and misses some time.. Dude is playing way to many minutes right now..His body is gonna break down
pjreiter::Anybody that predicts an injury to a player is a bit twisted if you ask me.
mark35345::We hope he's wrong - but history says he's right. We're not rooting for Bynum to go down - we've just seen him trip on his own running down the court before - that's all: facts are facts. Bynum is brittle!
dunkin57::or NOT. It may have the opposite effect! The years that he was injured(every year) he did not accrue many minutes(aprx. 28 per) This may be the way to handle him,.... without kids gloves!!
shaqatastic::KobME Overrated Cryant once again taking 23 shots making 10 and letting Bynum only take 17 shots while he made 10 of them. Nice!
wzawwin::If the Lakers were smart they would use Kobe as a point/shooting guard hybrid and make Bynum their number one offensive option.  If they tried to go to him like they did Shaq they would be tough to beat.  If Kobe wants a 6th ring, he needs to yield to Bynum as the number one option.  Sorry Kobe, you aren't Michael and you need a big man to win.
wzawwin::He is ready.  When Kobe sits and they pound it inside with Bynum and Pau, they look like a team that no one can match up with in a seven game series.
ACandOJ::Bynum is not ready o be a 1st option....he still has way too many problems with double teams
dunkin57::you're stooopid!! GUARDS take jumpers and threes ,hence making for lower shooting percentages than BIGS who take layups and more lay ups with the occasional dunk!! DUH!!
bgeelove::Are you serious? They won.
elibeme::23 shots 33 points. thats what you call above average idiot
SeaDog73::We'll take the win.
ACandOJ::They aren't complaining....why are you??
eightbitme::He's complaining because the Lakers are winning.  :-)
evanturnerbestshootingguardthankobe::BYNUM ALWAYS HAVE BEEN THE BEST ON THE LAKERS TEAM....AND IF KOBES SO GOOD WHY HASENT HE PASS OSCAR ROBERTSON IN ASSIST AND REBOUNDS  IT EVEN TOOK KOBE LONGER IN GAMES TO PASS THE BIG O
speakmemory::Are you serious?  Given your argument, let's say the Big O is better.  So that makes Kobe the 2nd or 3rd best of all time - THAT IS STILL AMAZING!!!!!!!  Or is he not even that good?  Eventually the numbers will stop the silliness.
pjreiter::Sir, I think you have you caps lock on.  Look on the left side of the keyboard for a button that says "Caps Lock."  Press it.  There, now you don't sound like an idiotic troll.  You are most welcome.
pjreiter::Okay, I get that this was a back-to-back game coming off a 2OT game.  But c'mon folks, IT'S THE FREAKIN' HORNETS!  Let's all kick it down a notch.  The Lakers will take the win but I'd hardly say this is a big win.
speakmemory::Can't win - If the Lakers lose, it's a catastrophe - If they win, the opponent wasn't up to par - The Lakers have to win every game and blow teams out in the process to please most people in the rooms - THE BAR IS SET HIGH, FOLKS!!!!
dunkin57::Any road win at this juncture is a BIG win, because we still havent proved that we can WIN comfortably on the road! So it may not be a big win per se, but in the scheme of things, it is big for now!!
ACandOJ::Who is saying it was a big win?? But when you're trying to climb up the standings, its a win
pjreiter::They may not be calling it a big win but I still think they are making way more out of this then the Lakers deserve.  They had to dig out from huge deficits in both games.  There's no way a championship team should trail a 10-33 team by 17 points.  They may call the resilience and experience but I call it a major lack of consistency.
Be safe...wear a Jimmer::Be safe my friends
aikens97::i wear a jimmer too
pjreiter::Stay thirsty my friends....god, I love that line.  Advertising brilliance.
Be safe...wear a Jimmer::"Having those old guys that are battle-tested and have been through it before is great," Fisher said  Stop it, you are still hurting the team more than helping
Shub2308::5 rings
chawps::Maybe the Heat should make an inquiry. They could use some championship experience.
shaqatastic::Horry 7 rings. why don't you bring him back too? Moron.
eightbitme::Stats matter most to the losing team.  They can be used to figure out wtf went wrong.  :-)
Shub2308::Laker and kobe fans rejoice, lakers won and the heat lost
dunkin57::YAAAAY!! buck da heat with a capital F!!!
gmskking::Darius Morris disappeared into the D-league.  He looked horrible when I saw him play 4 lakers. Good move.
gmskking::Now that is how u shoot free throws!
Jason Terry765::Kobe the closer,all he do is WIN WIN WIN
dunkin57::No matter what! And when the walk into the building, everybodys hands go up......and they stay there!!
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
tgtg31::I'm definitely no Laker fan but people who say the only reason Kobe scores so much is because he's a volume shooter a.k.a. ball hog either don't watch Laker games or are just anti-Laker/Kobe to begin with.  I watched the 4th qtr and ot last night and that cat is still one of, if not the badest in the league.  He's always getting doubled and tripled team and still makes those pros look like college kids.
speakmemory::NOBODY is what they used to be after 15+ seasons in the league - He's still the league scoring leader, and still blowing past younger defenders for dunks.  I'll take that any day.
edelspot::Why must card carrying KKR Fan Club members distort the facts? Correct me if I'm wrong but is this not kobe's 17th year right now? Seems to me that Lakers are better last couple weeks when kobe gives bynum the opportunity to contribute. Took him long enough. Sorry but I find it damn near impossible to include a career 44% FG shooter in any top5 list.
speakmemory::REALLY????  Who's your top 5?  If it's all about shooting percentage for you, take in account that centers have higher career FG% due to shot selection - Guards shouldn't be penalized for that -
ACandOJ::Have you ever heard of the playoffs?? Those mins count on your legs too...and if Kobe had only made 1 more shot per game in his career....he could have been a 50% shooter &amp; you would think he was great.  He must be disappointed
edelspot::My bad.16th yr. But you said 18+ yrs right??? You KKR Fan Club members know how to distort the facts!!!!
edelspot::Typical KKR Fan Club reply. I state game facts, and opinion, and the reply I get is the heat game. What's that got to do with anything I said?  You get 23 shots &amp; 11FT's you should score 30. Kobe is still a great player. But may not even be top 5 these days. Sorry if that hurts you child.
ACandOJ::He did get 23 shots &amp; 11 ft's....and score 30+.  What's the problem?? I don't see it as a slight to say that a guy that has played 18 1/2 seasons of basketball is not the best in the league but close
mhsmustang1::ur crazy ^^  ya maybe not what he used to be, but a depleted mamba is better than just about everyone else in the league.....you act like everyone can score 30 pts a game and carry their team night in and night out. the all star heat team couldnt even beat the bulls without drose.....
edelspot::Cbssports shot chart...6-7 on layups &amp; dunks...4-16 on jumpers. If you can dunk, you should go 6-7 at that range. Meanwhile...with emphasis...4-16 on jumpers. Yet still gets 11 FT's...incl 3 on the NBA's new "3 point pass" rule.  Not saying he ain't a player, just saying he's not what he used to be, and his rep is now better than his game.
eightbitme::Stats matter most to the losing team.  They can be used to figure out wtf went wrong.  :-)
ACandOJ::Damn, I could take a nap on a Lakers board after a win....
boymadog::Nice game Kobe, 30+ points again. Now if only you can do it shooting above 30%.
speakmemory::EVERYBODY EXPECTS PERFECTION FROM KOBE - CAN'T BE DONE, PEOPLE!!!!!!  Happy with 10-23 and an overtime win -
ACandOJ::10-23 is less than 30%??
SoCali4life65::Nice game Lakers. Now if only we could get Ariza back......
BlueHefner123::Lakers need a wing guard for their bench like Shannon Brown and Farmar were.
scante31::That awkward moment when you go to shoot the ball and Bynum just palms it as it comes out of your hand.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HiFEqmWY6cs
Tim Duncan is Top 5 All Time and better than Kobe::Lakers first round exit
wzawwin::Duncan won 3 finals MVPs.  He has arguably  "won" more rings than Kobe for sure.
dunkin57::tim is stuck on four rings...period! And now for his retirement dinner!
Charles55213::Like the Spurs last year to the 8 seed? Lol
dunkin57::Bull....ISH!!
Sterling2944::rose is not over-rated
2kobeisgood4::so what will the bulls be winning this year with over-rated Rose???
kimjong100@yahoo.com::Let him be he just wants attention, poor kid
Charles55213::I can really tell by the name lol. You'd be better off as a Spurs fan. Bulls haven't won anything since Jordan
Tim Duncan is Top 5 All Time and better than Kobe::Im a Bulls fan.  Not a Spurs fan
South Central Los Angeles.::LAKERS NATION TO THE FULLEST.I SWEAR MAN, COME PLAYOFF TIME AND WERE THE MOST DANGEROUS TEAM OUT THERE
Tim Duncan is Top 5 All Time and better than Kobe::Wins over crappy teams doesnt mean the Lakers are good. They are trash
Charles55213::They still have some improving to do on the road. But, their home play shows that they are elite.
Charles55213::Regarding Howard this is what I believe. He wants to be the good guy, but he will become a free agent this summer if not traded to his desired destination now. And he doesn't want that destination gutted. So pretty much, nothing has changed since a couple days ago.
Iamtheone0594::Howard has an agent that is killing him in the public relations department but might help him in the long run.   Even if he ends up staying in Orlando, if he produces then people will jump back on his bandwagon.
Charles55213::It's almost imperative though that they don't get gutted by a swap with Orlando. They need those first round picks and talent that is already there.
Charles55213::True, the Nets have stunk for a while now. But, as we've seen in the past it doesn't take much to create a culture of winning. You have two superstars like Dwight and DWill and other talent will follow. Especially playing in New York.
Charles55213::It's possible. I think the Nets are the best option though. They can offer both max deals and are moving to a larger market. Not sure how many elite years Dirk has ahead of him any way.
Iamtheone0594::My gut tells me that him and DWill have talked and it is their plan to end up in Dallas next year.
Charles55213::True. The ultimate goal for him is to end up with his desired destination (probably the Nets) without them being gutted. He will take a hit in the PR department no matter what.
Charles55213::The best advice is to ignore Chris Broussard lol. He posts the weakest sources
Fan Of Comeptition::...&amp; he's not a Kobe fan at all. He pretty much has a bias for another player. His prerogative, though.
BrainFart808::i want to slap chris broussard  silly
kimjong100@yahoo.com::What are the chances that Nash come to LA?
arvinramroop::how about that..?
boymadog::slim is on vacation
Charles55213::slim to none
Amaze76er::We dont get a pg and a scorer of the bench we wont get out the second round I And were not playing great neither we lost vs detroit n wizards and 3overtimes to beat the handicap grizz n hornets..come on now lets be real we need a trade big time
Amaze76er::Blake is going to the blazers not a pick
Charles55213::So many rumors flying around. Best to just wait till the deadline or any confirmed trades
Bruins095::last I saw was pick, with trade exception used to absorb Beasly salary. deadline approaching..............
mas93287::jeff in accounting
jcmaggi::source?
Iamtheone0594::The drunk guy at my bar.
ESPNslurpsLeBrick::<b> Kobe Bryant is 43rd all time on the NBA assists list. He's 5th all time in assists among shooting guards.  He's led the Lakers in assists for 12 straight seasons.  He's currently 2nd in the league in assists per game among shooting guards.  Kobe is a ball hog?</b>
nimble1771::Don't worry pal,he is on a pedestal so high,haterlosers cannot drag him down. 52+49 back to back with monster dunks is his answer to Abbotians.
BrainFart808::i have a strange feeling lakers not gonna make a move tomorrow
Iamtheone0594::I agree, They are playing pretty good right now.  Don't fix something that is not broken.
24wildhunter::walton is unfixable
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::our bench is broken
LAsports92656::3team trade lakers-nets-rockers Nets get from the rockets...kmart,scole, flynn Rockets get from lakers gasol (and they r willing to give up those 3 playrs for him anyways) Lakers get dwill. Who says no?
ZeaSoldier::"I post on laker boards cause my team hasnt accomplish half the thing they have nor did they ever have a great player like kobe so im going to troll on their board" --- 359manmoronyou
ZeaSoldier::"I post on laker boards cause my team hasnt accomplish half the thing they have nor did they ever have a great player like kobe so im going to troll on their board" --- 359manmoronyou
ZeaSoldier::"I post on laker boards cause my team hasnt accomplish half the thing they have nor did they ever have a great player like kobe so im going to troll on their board" --- 359manmoronyou "I post on laker boards cause my team hasnt accomplish half the thing they have nor did they ever have a great player like kobe so im going to troll on their board" --- 359manmoronyou
