Taylor Manes::Dwight Howard=Overrated Lin-Underrated since the knicks..He's ALWAYS been underrated..
Shawn Bento::When he was a Knick, he was anything but underrated.
Daron Conroy::rockets will not trade lin... he brings way too many fans in to give him the boot not to mention the kid is balling super hard + great work ethic + great attitude + the kid is freaking genius his basketball IQ will continue to rise
Deshawn Greenfield::*Rockets, remember the beginning of every sentence begins with a capitol. ........ And he calls me Dumbshawn lmao.......
Shawn Bento::Embarrassing that not Harden, not Dwight, but TERRENCE JONES is the best player on this team.
Kyle Shutic::They aren't even into the second half in ONE game. Go to the stat sheets, he's a long ways down the list, son.
Shawn Bento::Pay attention, Skippy.  Jones has been dominating since earning the starting PF spot.
Selvin Aceituno::What are smoking Shawn?
Thao Doua::Heats need to pick up lin and asik.
Daron Conroy::if that happened I would be highly upset with the Rockets organization
Mitchell Imoh::You need to pick up an English dictionary. Or at least a nba scorecard because heats is nonexistent
Mike Burke::Pre-Season: "They aren't as bad as people think." 0-4 start: Crickets 4 straight wins to get to 4-4: "SEE?!" 4 straight losses to get to 4-8: Crickets.  Celtics fans, THIS is what your team is. accept it.
Jeff Brown::Do you realize there are 70 games to play? ..... crickets
Chelo Mejias::The rockets are making 80 percent of their shots in the first quarter, hard to stop  that
John Lin::Lin is a money maker and a IVY graduate. A future US senator from CA.
Hugh Le::Amen
Phil Metalhed::Celtrix suk bals.
Jose Klatter::Boston needs to see the other teams (specially the ones that are destroying them) like if they are seeing Miami in front of them. One needs to understand that they only won that game by pure luck and some dumb play by the Heat. Back to my point, teams like the Bulls and Indiana for example, play better because the hatred they have for Miami. Against other teams they become sort of no big deal. Unfortunately there is only one superior, high above the rest Miami.
Jason Vu::Rocket's chemistry starting to gel....this team will be exciting to watch as the season progresses
Noe Jude B. Peñas Jr.::Trade Lin and Asik for Rondo + whoever. Boston needs floor general, center and scorers.
Noe Jude B. Peñas Jr.::Going to be win-win for both teams.
Ed DeSalle::Miami 8-3 Bahston 4-8   See FLUKE wins mean Nothing!
Scott Baker::Celts keep playing like this and poor Jim is not going to be able to sell those adult size medium pajamas.
Taylor Manes::BOSTON TRYING TO TANK THE SEASON TO TRY AND GET A SCORER
Taylor Manes::TANK*
Tarik Mowatt::Or maybe, just maybe, it's because they're not a consistent team? losing streak, winning streak, losing streak. Besides, the Rockets are much better than the C's.
Taylor Manes::Tarik Mowatt Lol I know..I was just saying that..How can they beat the heat than just lose like crazy..I feel sorry for this team...The heat are  bad luck..LOL
Peter Knowe::wow Celtics no show tonight, tank time begins
Chelo Mejias::Just cause they are losing doesn't mean they are tanking....no true point guard = celtics now
Taylor Manes::They trying to tank the season to get wiggens, but what if he stays COMPLETE FAILURE!!LOL
Roberto Vega::Chelo Mejias Obviously nobody is tanking but we do need to get into the Lottery rather than keep kidding ourselves with this terrible unbalanced roster.
Jim David::Rockets are trash. Celtics win this easy.
Jonathan E. Collins::Rofl
Patrick Magliaro::I don't take advice from a guy with two first names
Jim David::Patrick Magliaro not advice, its the truth.
Daniel Wong::Terrence Jones is awesome!
Hugh Le::I'll pick Asik over dh12 any day.
Brady Simon::That's why you will never be a coach or GM.
Brady Simon::Did you not see Dwights impact on the defensive end of the floor or just look at the box score?
Nathan Pak::TERRENCE JONES!
Alan Yarborough::go boston
Jonathan E. Collins::Go to the lottery
Deshawn Greenfield::@Daron you clearly do not know the meaning of comprehending a sentence kid lol. I believe the children are the future is falling by the wayside with this current generation. And you forgot the "n" in Dumbshawn because my name is spelled  Deshawn. Time for bed Lil kid, dont want missing the bus for school in the morning.
Deshawn Greenfield::*sorry, that's I don't want you to miss the bus for school.
Matt Semperboni::Well Celtics, you can only go so far with a roster full of journeymen, rookies and career bench players. They'll end up cashing in on the Nets trade though with all the draft picks while what's left of Pierce, Garnett and Terry's careers rot away in Brooklyn.
Mike Burke::the 2014 draft pick could end up being Atlanta's pick. If Brooklyn finishes with a worse record than Atlanta, Atlanta gets that pick as part of a prior trade (Joe Johnson IIRC).
Jeff Brown::If you can tell what's going to happen the rest of the season, 70 more games, based on 12 games, then I've got some water I'd like you to be walking on. lmbo
Kelley Crooks::Jared, coming to San Antonio...Buckeyes coming out to cheer you on (and also some Spurs cheering too) but especially from this Boston/OSU alumni...bring your A game to the AT&T Center and do us proud!!  Go Bucks!
Deshawn Greenfield::Dwight Howard will not go down as an all time great center. If he dont polish his offensive game and get back to his 2009 form , well close to it a least. Because that back surgery deminsh some of his explosiveness, he Wii never be the same.
Steven Christian Shaw::He'll Never get that explosiveness back to 2009 forum as injuries to your back don't normally result in a return to pre-injury form.
Daron Conroy::Deshawn Greenfield can predict the future.... he KNOWS dwight will not win multiple titles with the rockets and he KNOKWS that he will not go down as an all time great center. Dumbshaw Greenfield
Deshawn Greenfield::Yea that's why I said At least close to it but that's why he need to take the game more serious. 10yrs in and his game has not grown much at all. Just a tad bit, this dude should be in a class of his own far as big Men. Look at Big Roy , dude is becoming what Howard should be.
Chelo Mejias::This is getting pretty sad, The Celtics need a scorer...not herky jerky windy whirls and prayers from mid range. What i am seeing in not celtic basketball, but college plays failing in an NBA game
Shawn Bento::Jeff Green needs to be "the man," if nobody else will.
Chelo Mejias::Shawn Bento   The guy had heart surgery a year and a half ago. He's a good player but he can't consistently score 20 plus every night. Would be nice for the c's to pick up j.j barea for phil pressey, kris humphries, and a second round pick
