Trey Burketize Me Captin::Pistons!
hipma12::ECF preview
crtech39::Trade Kobe to the Wizards for Bradley Beal straight up. Tell Kobe Jordan played there.
Chris341276::Ive been using this bet system called sportsbettingstar. Im making between 2-3K a month profits using this system. If you search google for sports betting systmes you will find this system. I have bet for years and never seen a system this accurate.
Spursdc::Beal is a bust
QuietStormX::I think the GM and Coaches plus a few players going through the motions should just give up their pay for non performances. You fire people who are doing their job, right. One, two or three players trying to play and produce are not going to cut it. A waste of draft picks and player selections who want to win and produce. Heads should Roll for the hapless Washington Wizards. Not worth the price of a $8 ticket or effort in transpertation to the phone booth. I enjoyed the Georgetown Hoyas game over American. I think the Hoyas could take the wizards...
ButchBUVAfan1::I wondered who the next Blatche would be and wow,  Kevin Seraphin has stepped up and took his spot.  He just wants to play at the top and shoot. Unfortunately, that is what most of the team, except Nene wants to do.   And what woke up AO tonite, maybe the fact that he is getting paid to play.  Well, they have tanked the season again.  It was absolutely apparent last night &amp; tonite.  Goodbye, Randy and hopefully Ted will send the GM  packing too.  He is the worst one of the bunch.  Keeps bringing in has beens and trading away the future again.  AND WE JUST KEEP GETTING WORSE!!!!!
UNCTarHeelz725.::Jordan Crawford is just one of those guys that you love to have on your team.
trademarktaz::The Pistons can destroy the Wiz but probably lose to every other team :(
Wyatt7621::no the Bobcats are reeling now so the Pistons have a better chance now than they did at the beginning of the year so Pistons IMO will beat the Bobcats as for the Kings time will tell but i believe they can do it  but as well i agree with you on the Cavaliers Wizards and Hornets
mikenbig::Well seeing as the Pistons have 7 wins against teams who aren't Washington.....
trademarktaz::The Pistons will probably lose to the Bobcats and Kings, that's how horrible they are. They can beat Cleveland, Washington and New Orleans probably.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::45224_CollegeHill_Cincinnati - Wizards win this one easily  --------------- lulz
empiremaker5::Hey guys if anyone sports bets, check out www.winningspreads.com.  Legit site, awesome rates and picks.  Check out their daily free pick too
j_blaze1::Randy Wittman... How is he not homeless? CLE 	  1999–00 	82 	32 	50 	.390	 CLE   2000–01 	82 	30 	52 	.366 	 MIN 	  2006–07 	42 	12 	30 	.286 	 MIN 	  2007–08 	82 	22 	60 	.268 	 MIN 	  2008–09 	19 	4 	15 	.211 	 WAS  2011–12 	49 	18 	31 	.367 And now... 3-22...
FaggenP636::Wiz are a disgrace. This whole sorry sack of an organization should just go away. I mean leave town. Forever. And make sure you take Ernie Grunfeld with you.
travisxj8::John Wall is a BUST!!
hoopster_u::Kentucky PG's are like USC QB's - overrated  I am very disappointed in Knight as well
ctown8686::FACT
GeorgeTownDC29::Might be awhile till we get win #4
keydetfan21::Best chance is Cleveland. If we lose that one, we'll be headed towards 3-30 and worse.
GeorgeTownDC29::yep and Cleveland is healthy now so we might be in for a rough stretch. Cant believe we got killed in a home game against the Pistons on a b2b
mikenbig::Heckuva 4 point, 24 minute performance from Drummond.  Way to put the team on your back in crunch time Andre.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::you're a moron
mikenbig::No thanks, Beals worse.
GeorgeTownDC29::at this point lol
GeorgeTownDC29::well the Wiz will take him if you dont want him
hoopster_u::And way to dominate the boards with a team high 11.
mikenbig::Rebounding his own misses....easy way to pad your stats.
TheJTram::He also had 4 offensive boards along with his 11 rebounds leading the team tonight. Give the kid a break
general_sani::It'd be great if the Pistons could be hypnotized into believing every opponent is the Wizards.
keydetfan21::You're welcome for a couple wins.  Now, get back to a real NBA schedule.
hoopster_u::VERY, VERY disappointing night from Knight.   http://www.detroittitans.com/roster.aspx?rp_id=1649&amp;path=mbball
hoopster_u::Another double digit rebound effort from Drummond - 11.
mikenbig::I think half of his rebounds came from his own misses.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Charlie doesn't rebound because he's standing out at the three point line. Get off of Drummond's back.
TheJTram::At least Drummond got the offensive glass and key 2nd chance possessions. Im happy with his board work
mikenbig::CV, Maxiell, and Monroe were all better than Drummond.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::LMAO!!! Is that why they all had less rebounds in 4 minutes? Let me guess, you think Kwame Brown is good too? Andre per 36 stats have been the best on the Pistons so far. Quit hating.
GeorgeTownDC29::Good Game Pistons. Yall have good fans for real! wish it would have been a mid 2000's game instead
TheJTram::Well..the Wizards fought pretty hard in this one but offensively, it just wasnt their night
keydetfan21::When is it their night?
-XxxKaYDeNxxX-::its never there night lmao
TheJTram::Ah give em a break lol sure they're sucking right now but their key players are also injured which doesnt really mean much but still &lt;.&lt;
-XxxKaYDeNxxX-::merry christmas wizard fans
hoopster_u::SWEET
DoyerBlue32::The idiot passes the ball 20 feet out of bounds and says "my fault."  Really? I thought it was someone else's fault.
hoopster_u::We'rrreee BAAACCCCKKKK
smackdab0::a 2 game win streak.... there is a santa!
TheJTram::Yeah nvm...let Crawford play hero ball
-XxxKaYDeNxxX-::wizards win by 10
-XxxKaYDeNxxX-::merry christmas
keydetfan21::Webster: 1-5 Nene: 2-8 Crawford: 4-12 Beal: 7-17 (Kobe in the making) Seraphin: 3-8 Martin: 2-5  Wizards basketball, my friends.
keydetfan21::Yah, but it is a factor. In a couple years, we'll see the progress. For now, we wait and groan and complain.
GeorgeTownDC29::lol at the future Kobe reference btw
GeorgeTownDC29::Bright future.... Well at least we can use the "we dont have our star" excuse
GeorgeTownDC29::to us he is Michael Jordan that can Dougie
TheJTram::John Wall is one...sort of =l
smackdab0::whew, thats a wrap..
TheJTram::As much as I love Drummond, we gotta keep him on the bench on this one. His free throw shooting gives me shivers
-XxxKaYDeNxxX-::dirty wizards go wash ur bums
keydetfan21::You dont know how hard it is being a Wizards fan. Quit the crap.
GeorgeTownDC29::uncalled for
hoopster_u::OMG, the Wizards are killing us.  Last night they knocked Stuckey's teeth out, tonight they took out Prince, now Stuck is down for the count again.
mikenbig::Drummond back to the bench as Pistons try and protect lead.
GeorgeTownDC29::Bradley Beal with a solid 0 points this quarter
TheJTram::Lmfao at that fastbreak...Maxie also posterized Moose
smackdab0::Damn, i missed the Denver bet..
Philip3664::That was almost a failed fast break...
Drle5761::100 years ago Buynum would be recruited by circus, not Detroit Pistons.
jrockespn::New Orleans Pelicans could beat the Wizards
andrewwinters74::I think they were missing Davis and Gordon
keydetfan21::Then why did we beat them earlier this month?
GeorgeTownDC29::Jamal and Jordan Crawford must be brothers.
TheJTram::I hope that doesnt mean Joey Crawford is their uncle...
GeorgeTownDC29::Well, that would mean Stern is their father
hoopster_u::KEEP YOUR EYES ON KNIGHT -  http://www.detroittitans.com/roster.aspx?rp_id=1649&amp;path=mbball
mikenbig::Can you do one of these with Drummond and a link to Alex Len please....or hundred of them as you seem to enjoy doing it.
TheJTram::You know when i said force Crawford to play hero ball, bad idea for us...
smackdab0::Knights been watching stuckey play too much keeps driving for the contact.
smackdab0::wow, needed that.
DoyerBlue32::Andre Drummond is 7 feet tall but plays like he's 4'11.
jrockespn::11 pts 5 blks and 14 rebs in 20 minutes is awesome.
GeorgeTownDC29::Beal needs to show up for this 4th quarter
Philip3664::Pistons gonna mess around and lose this game
TheJTram::Gotta win it for pride &lt;.&lt;
Philip3664::Guys gotta step up with Tay out
Drle5761::So if you play D on Crawford that's foul and free throws? I don't wanna watch Euroleague.
hoopster_u::KEEP your Eye on Knight during these last few minutes.  http://www.detroittitans.com/roster.aspx?rp_id=1649&amp;path=mbball
