H.r. Rearden::Hard to get up for a game after your management committed salary cap suicide earlier in the day...
Eboni Clay::When and where did they do that????
Jody George Prats::Nene abusing the cupcakes.
Brennan Huff::Pau looks terrible
Jody George Prats::Yep......Pau is a softy
Eboni Clay::He held his own though 17/6/8
Jody George Prats::Wall abusing the Laker D
Eric Lopez::Haha Lakers are fighting with the Wizards... They are going to lose and it's going to make me laugh.
Steven WoLfe::U,m ur an idiot. My wizards lost at okc by 1 blowing the lead
Eric Lopez::I was talking about the Lakers. I wasn't talking about the Wizards. I hate the Lakers!
Eboni Clay::U hate the lakers so much that you watch/track their every game. They couldve done better, back to drawing board
Josh Jordan::"Well after this loss it may be months before I come back"  Kobe
Scott Cunningham::Wizards>Clippers and fakers end of argument
Michael Fitzer::If Gasol continues his star play lately the Lakers win easily.
Eric Lopez::Haha Lakers win easily if Gasol continues his star play? So you're saying that one player on the Lakers is good and that if he plays good they can keep winning games because of that player? And there is no such thing as an easy game you play.
Gejsi Marku::Your comment is bad luck. Now Lakers will lose.
Jody George Prats::Laker TV broadcaster Bill MacDonald is such a freak. He acts like every shot the Lakers make is a finals game 7 buzzer beater.
Treyvon Carter::J.Wall is an All Star this year
Jody George Prats::Can't wait for Kobe to return and help this pathetic defense.  --Nobod E. Ever
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Wall> Irving.
Carlos Blancas::Lakers win .. easily.
Steven WoLfe::Yea right
Stay Focused::'Looks like the tables turned on you' LOL
Carlos Blancas::not far off XD
Eboni Clay::I hate the cowboys with every bone in my body, and i enjoy watching romo choke. But i dont go on a cowboys fan page or anything like that trolling the fans. Makes you look thristy as hell for attention.
David Jacobs::But according to Colin Cowherd Romo is an elite QB. LOL
Steven WoLfe::Lets go wizards!! Yea baby, we're playoff bound and we don't have ur 20 ppl scorer playing for two weeks. We're young n fun and playing uptempo
Eric Lopez::Any team could beat the Lakers. I bet a D-league team can beat the Lakers
Eboni Clay::Lakers beat the clippers......................
Cory Nope::And if Washington makes the playoffs, Wall should be an MVP candidate. Hes better than Derrick Rose.
Victor Beauchamp::That's what I've been saying. If he had a better coach, he would be a better play. I think Randy Wittman has stunted his growth as a player, but the injuries didn't help either. Although this year's team is solid, I think we won't see his full potential until he's paired with a veteran PG that can show him the ways and another young star to dish assists to.
Nick Mullinix::I've said before that Wall is better than Derrick Rose, and got laughed off the board... I think someone even reported me.  Guess what... when you average one major surgery every year, you're not better than anyone.
Jason Vu::Kebo is the Laker's highest paid cheerleader after signing for 48.5mil, 2yr extension...nice!
Jody George Prats::Clearly a foul.  Farmar is so not legit.
Melvin Hall::Lets go wiz
Patrick Fiegenbaum::Farmar quoted in the story as saying that the Lakers don't think about Bryant's return much at all. Uh huh. Did L.A. start issuing the players asbestos shorts?
David Jacobs::Lakers are the last team who can afford to throw away a game against a team possibly worse than they are. Nice job Blake game losing play and -15. Sweet.
Scott Cunningham::Wizards are better then the lakers stupid man.
Nick Mullinix::The thing that actually lost this game for the Wizards was the minutes that Vessily played.  Why does he exist?
Ted Green::Laker haters are, by definition, stupid and jealous.   16 titles does that to some people
James Garcia::Celtics have 17 titles.
David G. Peterson::The road to 9-20 is paved with "playoff-type situations."
Nick Mullinix::This is not last year's Wizards.  And we haven't seen Otto Porter yet.
Zach Batizy::Wizards are playoff bound and Wall will get all-stars this year
William Cutting::Considering they're in the miserable Eastern conference where 1 or 2 teams with sub-.500 records get in every year you're probably right
Tony Stewart::lakers will keep the streak going..wiz fans disappear after game
Nick Mullinix::You still here?  Where are you, bro?
Jeeves Sritharan::wizards backcourt "should" be better than 70% of the nba teams
