Nayrock10::What really wrong Tyson
jeff050578::The Knicks season has been a very streaky season. First, they played very well and were almost unbeatable. Then they went cold and had trouble beating very bad teams. Now they are on fire again. If they can continue playing well they could give the Heat some trouble. I cant see them beating the Heat unless they shoot 50%-60% or better for four of the series games. Even then it would be tough but I think it is possible.
Ya Se Armo 2013::Knicks are garbage... playoff seeds have basically been determined...  Celtics are far better than the Knicks.... Stupid knicks trying so hard to prove themselves against the Celts... in playoff time is when you need to step up...  not some meaningless regular season game
Nayrock10::Grow up
Nayrock10::Grow up the Knicks are trying to win came for division,they don't care about Boston and the funny thing is Boston should of try there best to beat the Knicks.
Nayrock10::If you're a heat fan then why are you in the Knicks chat room,let me guess you live in NYC and your real team is the Nets but the Nets are not doing that good so you decide to run with the Heat lol.
CrimsonEyedDeath::Or Heat fans could enjoy seeing Boston teams lose.  That's my excuse, at least, I LOATHE Boston sports fans and enjoy their misery.  I also have to enjoy it when I can, because when their teams go really bad, they stop following the team and thus, aren't around to take their lumps.  Good old bandwagon Boston.
imissoakley::calling Boston fans bandwagon is laughable. I am a NYK fan, and Yankee fan, and we are rivals with Boston....but those fans have gone through hell and back with their teams. I don't think anyone could try and pull the bandwagon tag on them, and CERTAINLY not from a Heat team that has a half empty stadium by halftime.
Ya Se Armo 2013::says a Miami fan.. the kingdom of bandwagoning.... their fanbase quintupled in size mysteriously in June 2010
onlyavoice57::Lebron &amp; Co. May Not even Suit Up Vs The Knicks. 11 1/2 Game Lead, Clinched Home Court &amp; They KNOW They Can Beat The Knicks. Why Risk Injury. As A Heat Fan This Season Is Over
CrimsonEyedDeath::Eh, home court for the Finals is still a consideration.
onlyavoice57::LMAO, Knicks/Fans Still Trying To Win A Championship In The Regular Season.
miami heat the greatest::so i guess the knicks win streak is more impressive then the heats its ok to think that
Your local BBOY::Trying to snap Knicks streak tomorrow is NOT important. Rest the starters for the playoffs.
Dengue-Fever::What streak??..It ends tomorrow night..
rondo2KG::I will consider that a first round bye if we get matched up with the Knicks.
Ball dont lie but Obama does::Kenyon Martin &gt; Amare Stoudemire
I am typing this from my work computer::<b>I kind of feel bad for Knicks fans. They have been getting dumped on for so many years.  Now they finally have a good team and there is absolutely no chance they can get past the Heat.<b></b></b>
Your local BBOY::LOL
Aceman32223::Yeah totally. No wonder your on here you're so stupid its no wonder you have no job.
I am typing this from my work computer::Spelling, grammar, punctuation....where do I begin? And how could I be typing this from my work computer if I don't have a job? That's the million dollar question.
knicks_11::we will see..  if u compare both teams we have the worse team  still 2nd in the east as the oldest team in the league.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Paul Pierce and Jeff Green both had good games. At least I can take that away from this as. skicking the Knicks just handed out.
knicks_11::werent they both - in efficiency?
ytic_kroy_wen::on to South Beach.. big litmus test on Tuesday.. Let's Go Knicks! Keep it rolling
Dengue-Fever::Sorry but your streak ends tomorrow night..good push though
cparrishwsu::false
knicks_11::toughest schedule in whole league  starting tuesday
Jmello517::Let's say Chandler and KG bring each team down 20%. Celtics also have: Rondo - 15% Sully- 5% Lee is not back 100% - 3% Knicks: Sheed: 5% Amare - 10% (Let's be honest, you guys actually struggle more with him for some reason)  Knicks are at 65% Celtics are at 57%  I did not include injuries that don't change much on either side.
Jmello517::The Knicks still have the better team even with KG and Chandler. I'm just saying, the Celtics are hurt badly right now. Without Lee starting our defense is a bit worse.
vplaskan1::I get what you are saying, both teams have definitely been hurt with injuries this year
vplaskan1::To be honest though, shouldn't you eliminate Rondo because you know he isn't going to be part of the Celtics this year because of his injury? You could probably do the same with Amare and the Knicks too
vplaskan1::Yeah I get what you are saying, and you are right that Rondo got hurt during the year, with no time to prepare for it, just my way of thinking that once a player is down and not coming back, I just say well move forward with what we have cause can't count on him for this year, but of course missing Rondo does hurt, no doubt.
Jmello517::Rondo played for half of the season, the Celtics did not prepare for anything like that. I do understand where you're coming from, and agree you can't consider them part of the team, but you can still consider them a loss for the team, you know what I mean?
vplaskan1::I'll use this example, I am already not counting on anything from A-Rod this season for my Yankees cause of his injury, even if he is able to return after the All Star break, I don't see him contributing to the team, so right now I would say the Yankees are missing Granderson and Tex, but I don't count A-Rod casue I already don't consider him part of this Yankees team this year because of injury, if you see where I am coming from.
Jmello517::I don't see why that matters, we are still missing him. If anything that just makes the celtics at 85% for the rest of the year. They still are hurt from it even if it's season ending or just for 2 weeks.
knicks_11::Woody just puts Pablo on pierce  &amp; exhaustion comes on quickly for Pierce.  LOL
Syrindge::Pierce sat out the forth had had the best stat line for either team. what are you talking about?
carshawn03::There's a lot of people claiming to be Heat fans. But I'm smart enough to know that most of these people are the epitome of a bandwagon fan. Prior to 2010, I hadn't met a single Miami fan that wasn't from Miami. Now everyone is claiming them. Not hating the team, but that's pathetic people. Find a team and stick with them!!!
willnewu::i live in fort lauderdale does that mean im bandwagon?
jayVega3d::@Dengue .... Ok internet tough guy lol.
Dengue-Fever::you're the one who asked why am I responding..so I responded..poochie
_I Am A Celtic_::You're a moron.  Nothing he said is making him look like a tough guy.  You simply got put in your place and now you're all but.thurt.  Grow up
jayVega3d::That's what happens when you have a good team. Some might just be bosh or Bron fans so... it happens. Same thing happens to the Yanks. Great teams get fans from all over.
Dengue-Fever::awww..why so upset..Go Heat btw I live in Miami
Dengue-Fever::Because I felt like it poochie
jayVega3d::So then he is not talking about you.... so why respond?
G-Man_XLII::Well said, my friend!
Jmello517::Why are you knicks fans so happy? You beat the Celtics without KG or Rondo.  Lower it down.
CrimsonEyedDeath::Beating a Boston team is always a reason for celebration.  Anything to make their obnoxious, entitled, bandwagon fans miserable.
vplaskan1::I would say Chandler is as important to us as KG is to the Celtics from a defensive, toughness, leadership, and rebounding aspect. Rondo is gone for the year, so you know he isn't coming back, so that one should already be accepted
vplaskan1::I know that is why I said Chandler is as important to us as KG is to the Celtics, I din't say more, KG not being there definitely hurt them, but us not having Chandler is just as big for us too.
Jmello517::We had Bass and Green playing Center at times.
vplaskan1::The only guy we have is Martin, and he starts, you do realize at times last night Melo and Copeland were playing C? There was even one time when we had 5 guards on the floor, and I guess JR was playing the C, so we don't really have people that can fill in for him.
Jmello517::You have people who can fill in for Chandler, the Celtics have no one who can fill in for KG.
knicks_11::knicks are without alot of   players as well..  actually more important than kG and rondo
Jmello517::The Celtics have one big and he's out.
knicks_11::amare, all star chandler. Sheed, KT  4 bigs
Jmello517::Maybe if you didn't have Carmelo.  The Celtics are nothing without KG and rondo. That was stupid to say.
rainmaker2007::People (Michael Kay, Stephen Smith) were saying the Knicks want to avoid Boston in the playoffs. I wonder if they still feel that way. I think the Knicks would LOVE to play the Celtics.
vplaskan1::I think I would say I'd want to play in order:  1.Hawks 2.Bucks 3.Celtics 4.Bulls  I put the Hawks one, only because I live in Atlanta(going to the game Wed.), and I would like to go to a Knicks Playoff game.
jkub5::Yea playing boston, brooklyn, or atlanta are sure thing wins in a 7 game series (and bucks but they got the heat). I feel like drose will be back for playoffs which makes the bulls tougher (which they've already been without him).
Nayrock10::i was hoping we got the bucks in the 7th spot and boston in the 8 spot but it don't look like i am getting my wish
Nayrock10::to be honest i don't know who i want the knicks to play but i hope it not the bull
partygeorge::with out Rondo, Boston have no direction.
a617guy::You realize they were good without Rondo....missing KG is the problem
jkub5::KG can't ball bruh
knicks_11::no its without KG  hes the heart and soul of this team
JustB86::JR didn't get the all-star nod but I really hope he gets Sixth MOTY. As big an idiot as he can be sometimes, he's done a great job this season and slowly but surely he seems like he's finally coming around to becoming a "winning" type player. He deserves some recognition.
justin miles91::crawford is for sure six man of the year
jkub5::when he's hot, he's amazing. Crawford has been more consistent though.
knicks_11::not only that. I hope woodson finishes atleast top 5 iN COTY  he believed in JR and gave him more minutes than every coach  wud ever do  he changed JRs game and also teached him how to be efficient
Dengue-Fever::Hey NY losers!!...enjoy you pathetic streak today because after tomorrow night it won't exist anymore!..LMAO..garbage a$$e$
G-Man_XLII::"You mad, bro'?"
Mets-Jets-Knicks-Isles19::he's bittered up
dash2k4::I'm a Heat fan and I have to say, 8 wins in a row is 8 wins in a row. Nothing to laugh at. Our Heat's problem all year (prior to the streak) has been playing down to the level of the competition. That's why we lost to the broken Bulls. Gotta take everyone seriously and take it to them, not coming back from 10+ each game.
Dengue-Fever::That's what good teams do right?
Dengue-Fever::pleeeease..lol
knicks_11::u sound like a real fan..  unlike him
dash2k4::The Celtics, the team that was supposed to scare Miami in the playoffs, is 38-35. It's not even worth mocking or laughing at. My condolences to delusional fans who think Boston can compete with Miami.
justin miles91::they cant even win more than 5 points when they play boston
CrimsonEyedDeath::They still WIN.  You don't get anything extra for margin of victory.
a617guy::took them to the 4th quarter of game 7 last year in the ECF...but don't let facts get in the way of your thesis. You're delusional for saying they can't compete with the Heat, especially after watching games 1 and 2 and seeing how rigged the calls were. 5 technicals in game 1 and just about equal FT's for LeBron and the entire Celtics team in game 2
CrimsonEyedDeath::That was last year.  Talk about now, not the past.  I know that's hard for you, being a Celtics fan, all you have to talk about is Championships won long before you were even watching basketball.
jkub5::Nah dude, celtics blow
Dengue-Fever::My Heat can afford to rest 3 players &amp; still smack up the Spurs!!
papuchi24::i would put money if the Knicks play the celtics in a 7 game series the Celtics will win.  I'm a Heat fan, But i aggree with most you cant just depend on the three. Go Heat!!1 we will tie up the series vs the Knicks with our bench guys. Watch
AC Slater.::the threes were open shots, you take what the defense gives you.
papuchi24::the lost to the bulls was a blessing for the Miami Heat. Just made them better and are starting to lock down on defense early in the the game.
knicks_11::lebron will most likely play   idk bout wade
papuchi24::I jus believe Doc Rivers is three times the coach in the playoffs
Dengue-Fever::My Heat are have won 29 of 30 games!
dash2k4::Knicks are 2-1 against the Heat this year... and are 11 games behind Miami.
knicks_11::i thought regular season didnt matter to u guys?
anthony51073::why is dengue fever in a boston - newyork comment room if he is a heat fan ?....closet knick fan he is i bet
knicks_11::it matters to us because we like to watch wat our team does  rather than watching TV in april  during the playoffs and then being a bandwagon  fan about it  true story of a heat "FAN"
Dengue-Fever::Hooray!!!...we beat the Heat twice!!!..LOSER
anthony51073::i thought the knicks were 2-1 against the heat this year.....2 blow outs if i remember correctly.
Dengue-Fever::It matters with you guys cause ya'll ain't winning no ring..so continue your pathetic streak..lmao!!
anthony51073::LMAO...LOL...LOL.......U WOULD PICK THE HEAT....LOL...LOL...
anthony51073::my knicks are getting hot at the right time......lets start our own streak right into the playoffs......go knicks
Dengue-Fever::Your Knicks are garbage too
G-Man_XLII::The only garbage here is Dengue-Fever. Name says it all.
knicks_11::duh its the miami heat son.  hes gonna throw stats at u  watch out
anthony51073::whats your team smart guy?
knicks_11::JR SMITh  15 pts, 12 rebs, 4 assists, 2 steals
willnewu::first comment on his own post. You sir &gt; Lebron James.
knicks_11::better than ur gay a.ss bench on ur hyped up team
Dengue-Fever::He's still garbage
anthony51073::liking your own post.....classic loser ^
Syrindge::I feel sorry for the Knicks fans that don't understand that they way this team plays is fools gold. You'll be bounced in the first or second round of the playoffs every year relying on the three so heavily.
anthony51073::i feel sorry for you idiot....u sound sore....8 straight beach
jkub5::I feel sorry for Celtics fans who think they have any chance of making it out of the first round for the next 5 years
Ballin_like_jordann::the 3s they make are wide open and the players making them are 3 point shooters
57redmax::Syrindge - exactly, in the playoffs no one is wide open.  Oh shut  up its garbage
Syrindge::exactly, in the playoffs no one is wide open.
Ballin_like_jordann::......................
Ballin_like_jordann::resign kmart, resign jr smith, re sign copeland. let the old expiring guys go. get younger players  draft kabongo or dieng
Andrew James Bynum::Knicks win
Ballin_like_jordann::iman shumpert jumpshot has improved and his defense is getting back there. were are the people who said trade him for jj reddick.
LetsPlayScRyB::So i was watching the celtics game then i stopped
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Knicks kicked our as. ses. GG NY, you worked us over.
_I Am A Celtic_::I like it more when we win
BXwarriorBX::knicks 20 games over .500 Celtics 3  boston is just another avg nba team nothing special old and avg.
Ahmad4456::I guess Jason Terry has decided to let his game do the talking. Oh wait....
CrimsonEyedDeath::Is his game a mute?
t casey::Question for Knicks fans. When Tyson Chandler comes back who would you prefer to stay in the starting lineup, Prigioni or K-Mart?
t casey::Understood. Just trying to get a feel for how they've been fitting in with the starting lineup.
DanNYC1628::kmart? thats a tough question
zracer47::sorry, espn double posted.
zracer47::Hey Boston, you know you haven't clinched the playoffs yet.   Hey Boston, you realize Miami just beat the spurs without their starters?  Just making sure. Philly fan btw.
LetsPlayScRyB::nice trolling LOL
garnolfini::Celtics look ready to win the EC now.
pdiddy0622::Elephant in the room: Both these teams are dead meat Heat repeat
tungcn2010::Pacers to win it all this year...
lethrneck4::celtics fans just put on thier bruins jerseys for good
Frank Isola::This was a great win for the New York Knicks, as they extend their winning streak to 8 games. They will need Tyson Chandler for The Miami Heat though. And the Heat might rest their starters like they did against The San Antonio Spurs, and they still won the game, though the Spurs were without Manu Ginobli.
Piffman1134::No way this is actually Frank Isola tho lol
J. R. Smith::I guess he took a day off.
Gmenftw::Frank Isola created an ESPN Profile! on 3/30/2013 at 6:18 PM
Piffman1134::I heard Berman of the Post has it on "good authority" that the Heat will rest their starters....he even said it to Woodson after the game LMAO. Expect them all to play now.
jacomine12::Anthony and Pierce are such a good match up
jpejeff::I can't go to sleep without saying," BOSTON AND DANNY ANGIE SUCKS!"  ShutDaFuckUp
FridayUnknown::Knicks only have to win 4 of the next ten for a 50 win seaon. sounds easy enough. GO Knicks!
Frank Isola::OKC might be to rest their starters that game, they need to saver their energy for the playoffs.
johnryan122::no games are not "winnable" its just not an easy task. its doable, its likely, its probably gonna happen. but its far from a sure thing
johnryan122::not very easy, considering the schedule ahead. doable though, certainly
FridayUnknown::exactly^
RA_endgame::Charlotte, Hawks at home, Washington, Cleveland, Milwaukee. 5 winnable games right there
peaceregime::I'd say it's likely.  Not particularly easy, but definitely likely.
pjfitone::Put a fork in the Celtics. They're done, why did they sit back an do nothing at the trade deadline? They should have cleaned house except for Bradley, Green, Sullinger. Trade the rest of them for picks and then Use some of those picks to trade up. The continue to lose every game so that should land lottery pick.
johnryan122::didnt they just win their last two games. never count them out, especially in the playoffs. everyone was saying this same thing last year and then they gave the heat a run for their money.  with that said, all the knick hate here is retarted. they are a good team and are doing what good teams should do against bad ones. nothing wrong with that.
bigdaddymatty17::Celtics were a 3 seed last year and were a much better team.
peaceregime::Good point.  They are finished.
Ontario925::The Heat are a good team. The Pacers are a good team. The Bulls are a good team. The Knicks are a good team. All these teams have defeated the Heat this season. The Heat have dominated the West this season. West homer team fans still think the Heat are as weak now as the Heat team who were eliminated by the Mavericks two years ago.
12.21.12::Knicks sweeped the spurs this season, 1 win was a blowout win i think, lost by 1 against OKC without Melo, 1-1 with Denver, 1-1 with GSW and unfortunately 0-2 against the clips
Ontario925::That loss was very frustrating to watch. The Knicks blew a few games they should have won this season which were against the Bulls,Heat,Lakers,and others.
johnryan122::well thats obvious. knicks crushed them twice and shouldve won the third time, if they didnt lay an egg in the fourth
peaceregime::The Heat are actually 3-6 against NY, Indy and Chicago.  They can be beaten.
peaceregime::Spurs didn't have Ginobili.  The Heat are good, but they can be beaten.
Ontario925::I see you haven't watched them still beat the top West Spurs last night without Wade and Lebron.
NYK199::celtics are bum az niggz
fanunknown::i concur old chap
BigPhilly517::I love how everyone just ignores Chandler being out and talks about Garnett. You trolls are just too much sometimes. On the second night of a b2b, the Knicks blew out a fully healthy Memphis team while playing without Tyson Chandler. What's the excuse for that one?
Haterz_R_Hilari0us::I guess the Knick's wins aren't convincing because the teams that they're playing seems to somehow have injuries....well boo the f#$% hoo!!! The Knicks deal with their injuries and have a bench that can step up, sorry that can't be said about other teams!!!
Haterz_R_Hilari0us::Pathetic!
Haterz_R_Hilari0us::Celtic fans need to let it go and stop living in the past!!
37stan08::boston lives in early 2000 man
Haterz_R_Hilari0us::Knicks smacked the Spurs twice this season....but everyone wants to talk about the trash teams the Knicks beat!!
peaceregime::smacked the Heat twice as well
Haterz_R_Hilari0us::What does a championship in 2008 has anything to do with he just asked??!!!
37stan08::exactly. but thats celtics fans excuse
Ontario925::The Spurs are still owned by the Heat even without Lebron and Wade. So much for hot shot experts theory that every one from the East sucking this year worst than ever. The Bulls were able to do against the Heat what the Spurs have failed again and again this season doing.
37stan08::the excuse is that the celtics won a championship in 2008.
NYK199::that was 5 years ago, we're talking about today
iRepNY::KNICKS ARE THE BEST TEAM IN THE NBA RIGHTT NOW AND STILL BETTER THAN YOUR TEAM IS A DBAG
Ontario925::Tell that to Still Better Than Your Team. He thinks everyone in the East still sucks even after the Heat beat the Spurs again this season even without Lebron and Wade this time.
