Blat Blat BlaAaATLANTA::..
Matt25261992::I scroll down this board, and it's just amazing how idiotic and irrational some people are. Just because the knicks are really good, I guess it means all the trolls come out and say how melo will never win a ring, or a playoff series. It's really pathetic. I blame the media for how they portray melo, as opposed to lebron who's obviously the golden one..melo actually has a squad that he can count on outside of  himself, a hurt billups, a past-the-prime iverson, etc. in the playoffs. i cant wait for this team to make a deep run and shut up the doubters who continuously mock melo and doubt his ability to win in the playoffs.
Need4Speed95::Knicks look like a major threat to the Heat and I don't give a damn if Wade and LBJ were playing the other night.  Of course it would of been much closer but it's idiotic to say the Heat would of won.  Who knows maybe the Knicks would of beat them more.
KNICKSFANSINCE68::suck
KNICKSFANSINCE68::Nets
razzledazzletj81::Been a Knick fan my whole life, but I must confess that I hope JLin goes further in the playoffs than Melo.
Lemon Grab::LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
RICHIEBABY617::*state
RICHIEBABY617::just stat the obvious you dont like black ppl.... you say ur a knicks fan but u want lin to go further than the knicks... i dont get it
razzledazzletj81::Thank God for the internet for my safety. I've seen the Knicks play more than all teams combined for over 25 years up until this season.  Not a Melo or JR fan.
Need4Speed95::You are obviously not a real fan.  You are there to watch history I guess.
anthony51073::you are not a knick fan u phony, how dare you come on here and say such a idiotic thing. if i was in front of you i would slap u so hard u would be dizzy....
tallsmile28::Cowherd is just a hater.  Melo is the man.  We can beat the heat.
chicitysports4::Melo&gt;lebron
nysportsrules::Knicks look like they did in the first 2 months, We get Wallace back for the playoffs we will go far.
Matt25261992::lets hope wallace comes back before amare..amare will just screw everything up with this team
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>STILL 10 games behind the Heat! LMAO</b>
RICHIEBABY617::if we stayed healthy all year we would still trail the heat but it would be closer for sure
nysportsrules::Stupid typical Heat bandwagon fan. Knicks own the Heat. 3-1
Dennis6882::why
Nojoke954::When it comes to just strictly shooting who is a better shooter ray allen... or steve Novak...  convo between freind..
dm_schulte::IMO Ray Allen is one of the top 5 shooters of all time. Steve Novak will never be in that conversation!
knicks_11::great now throwin stats at us
knicks_11::ppl talk about Lebron in 07 with cavs.  um they were healthy, had 66 wins. in the weak east (When Washington and Pistons were their only threat) Pistons were breaking up their clan that year.  and they got swept in finals. LOL  great year for lebron tho
tallsmile28::I am looking forward to the playoff with some real optimism.  We have most of our team healthy and we are playing great!!!
tallsmile28::Its all about K-Mart and Tyson.  We have to sit them because we need them to get healthy.
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::yep.  I think Shumpert's development will be the key.  Can he limit what guys like Wade do, AND still contribute 10-12 ppg on the offensive side?  If he can do that I like our chances against anyone.    That and K-Mart has to be a goon
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::People kill me with the "Melo will never win a ring" talk.  The best player he's played with (Amare')...he hasn't really played with, because he's always hurt.  Chauncey past his prime.  Iverson past his prime.  Andre Miller (umm...yeah), Kenyon "One Knee" Martin, JR "Never met a shot he didn't like" Smith, and Birdman "What happened to that boy?" Anderson.  Only player I'll give a pass is Nene', and he isn't much of an offensive threat.  Melo has never had a Bosh or Wade
Need4Speed95::Very good point.  Melo is just as good as anyone in the NBA...it's not even a debate.  He just needs the right wing man and he's top 3 in the NBA.  LBJ knows it, and I'd take him over Wade anyday.
razzledazzletj81::I'm not a Hear fan, But Anderson ha a better chance of getting ring than Melo now that CA plays for the heat..
Matt25261992::razzle, u have half of a brain dude. just stop talking. literally everything you say is a faux. you're a fraud. good day, you little twerp
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::dell118: "Carmelo Anthony will never win a championship unless he has an all star team surrounding him." ---------------------------------------------------------------  What the hell do you call what LeBron has in Miami?
NewYorkallday73::@Caged.........Don't waste your breath on non-believers we will see what happens.
MudrunnerVA4::Hot hand or not, Melo will never win a championship because he doesn't make anyone around him better. He's a one trick pony. That will usually net you a good season, like it basically has been his whole career, but will not win playoff series or championships.   Disagree? Look at Melo's entire career. And don't make excuses about not having talent around him.
NewYorkallday73::Que the jeopardy theme...........@Mudrunner
tallsmile28::How good was Lebron when he didnt have two other All-Stars on the team?
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::...in the Wild Wild East
kapernick is squidward::They went to the finals
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::Hard to make Birdman better
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::name 1 player Melo has played with that's better than Bosh, let alone D-Wade
305champsforlife::Can't wait for the Heat to sweep there a$$ out of the playoffs. That's if they can get out of the first round.
NewYorkallday73::Yawnnnnn............you're a$$ is more likely to get swept first.
dell118::Carmelo Anthony will never win a championship unless he has an all star team surrounding him. Melo and Kobe are the same type of player, both are selfish, "me first" type of players. The reason why Kobe has had such a successful career in LA is because of the talent that has been there his whole career, otherwise he would just be another Carmelo Anthony or Allen Iverson.
Go Laker Nation::Nice scoring Melo.  Have fun when you get knocked out of the playoffs again lol
samhattan77::BEST PLAYER IN THE NBA:  Lebron James MOST VALUABLE PLAYER TO HIS TEAM:  Carmelo Anthony  NO QUESTION ABOUT IT!!
RICHIEBABY617::lets think but thats taking shots away from team statement.... chandler dis not a shot taker.. jr gets his shots by any means, novak is a one trick poney, i dont want keyon too shoot unless its a out back or alley, felton aggreesive point but should take more than 10 shots per game, shumpert mayeb 10 if hes got it going, kurt thomas dont shoot,
MudrunnerVA4::Most Valuable versus taking all of the shots away from the team are two completely different things.
dylangoldberg9::The knicks can only win if melo scores more than 30 they suck they should just have him take every shot
NewYorkallday73::And this is coming from a Celtic fan.......enough said...........LOL
claude01::Melo, I hope you get the player of the week award because you probably will never win the MVP award.  signed, Lebron 6'8", 250
andregray::You forgot the D*ck rider at the end when you signed,because you sir are clearly a lebron D*ck rider like the other rest of $@%! who claim they are die hard heat fans.
NewYorkallday73::So much hate...........eh
dylangoldberg9::Haha same with kd
dickiedave4.0::Awww 10 wins in a row... that's cute.  -Miami Heat
KnicksLastchAMPIONSHIP1973ROFL::Remember all those championships the knicks won in the 90's
Matt25261992::what a pathetic individual.
tallsmile28::Remember all those championships Lebron won in Cleveland?
ron953::Kobe said Melo was the toughest player to guard and it's true he has a way better offensive game than Lebrick and it's a fact..Lebricks baskets mostly consist of driving elbows to the rim or uncontested dunks while Melo has a great jump shot and is way more clutch
Kirby.Urbatsch::Kobe's old $@% needs to lay off the PEDs
dickiedave4.0::Your insane and incoherent post is an insult to Melo.
KnicksLastchAMPIONSHIP1973ROFL::Knicks 1973 nba champs
SC2DC::Melo has two GREAT games back to back and these fools on here talking about he deserves MVP.  He does not deserve MVP over Lebron, CP3, KD, Tony Parker.....LET's BE REAL...SMDH!!!!
Kirby.Urbatsch::lol Tony Parker? Melo is definitely more deserving than Tony "I'm a guard who doesn't take 3's and only drives to the basket which is why my field goal percentage is so high" Parker
Prospect_417::There's fools on every forum talking about their opinions.  You don't agree, ok so be it.  Melo is the mvp on his own team, not a true candidate in the league.  Anyone who truly knows basketball can figure that out.  So why get all bent out of shape over the opinion of so called fools.
Prospect_417::Get out of my feelings bro? lol, what are you saying?  I agreed with your point, lets just leave it at that.
SC2DC::Get out of your feelings...this is not Oprah bro.   I like what you said Melo is the MVP of his own team and not the league.  That would be just foolish to think he deserves the MVP.
Ted Ginn and Juice::People who think that Carmelo being on fire with jump shots is good for the Knicks, don't know basketball. You have to get your teammates involved and play defense to win a playoff series.
dylangoldberg9::Thank you I am a celivs fan
bighitman321::Yea true. But if the heat keep the number one seed overall and the spurs get those 3 straight games at home that series gets very interesting.
Finkle my Einhorn::Heat and Spurs too. Thats the match up I want to really see. Just not sure the spurs can hold up for a 7 game series. They will make it interesting, but get tired as it gets deeper in the series.
Prospect_417::Heat and Spurs seems like the best possible matchup.  I do think the Spurs can keep up for 7 games though.  They do have young players on their team and a very good system plus a great coach who knows how to get the best out of his players.  People say the Heat can't be beat in 7 games, I think the Spurs can beat them in 7.  Not a fan of either team.
bighitman321::Since I am a true heat fan I have to say the heat but the Spurs once they get Manu back do kind of scare me...wbu?
Finkle my Einhorn::who do you have in the finals?
Finkle my Einhorn::very true
Finkle my Einhorn::But Melo doesn't get phantom calls like Lebron so that is a bit harder for the rest of the league.
bighitman321::True but a lot of stars get phantom calls just ask Kevin Durant
Finkle my Einhorn::Sound like a scared Heat fan....
bighitman321::Nope sounds like a smart one...to win in the playoffs you have to get points in the paint
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>Lets Go Heat! Yes Baby!!!!</b>
Prospect_417::You should go jack it in the miami heat index.  I believe this forum is about the Knicks and Hawks.
chiledal::good run for the knicks as playoffs approach.  whether it translates into playoff success remains to be seen.  this club has not shown any playoff mettle in their last 2 tries.
Prospect_417::Yeah it's a nice run to finish the season. They definitely have to prove themselves in the playoffs as you said.  They haven't done anything when it comes to that in the last couple of seasons.  Team seems a bit more complete but still has plenty of work to do.
Its_All_About_Sports::Meanwhile, North Korea has just approved a launch to nuke the U.S. Sh!ts gettin real
FeFyeFoeRun::Hopefully it hits the knicks! Useless Team!
Prospect_417::You must be 12 years old, right?
GodSSurvant::Can someone give me one reason beside having confidence in this team that makes the knick a legit threat to the Heat? one good valid reason with a good strong foundation?
icenine1991::Yea NYK beat the big 3 by 20 in Miami without Melo the only win Princess James has against the Knicks this season was a game they were down by 14 and the Knicks LET slip if they meet in the plaoffs Knicks win in 5 games. Then LeBron can go back to Cleveland and play with Kyrie
FeFyeFoeRun::The knicks are regular season chumps(I mean champs) Heat dispose of this garbage in 4 IF the knicks get by rds 1 + 2 which I highly doubt!
NYK0107::KNICKSTAPE!  http:///tinyurl.com/GoingtotheKnicksGame
BSPN Inc::I like the Heat because of D. Wade and the fact that the PLAYERS came together on their own for the most part. When a GM does it, the GM is a genius but when the players do it themselves.... it's so WRONG! Why let somebody else control where you live/play/who you play with when you can be the one that makes that call?
Pepsolman::Except when he acts like a Dbag when he doesn't get a call and then runs down the other way and commits a Flagrent to prove a point and act like a child.
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::I can agree with your liking of D. Wade, guy was classy when he played at Marquette and when he came in to the league he was an equally humble guy.
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::At this point, I would rather root for michigan in ANY sport, than the Heat during the playoffs. Ignorance and Cockiness will only take you so far.
UMiami1994::where have you got that i or anyone else said all that what you just spouted?? u said that not me. and what you believe or not makes little difference to me and mine im afraid sir.
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::Really? Really? Reading half of your posts, I was thoroughly convinced that you don't have a high school education. Your posts have about this much depth: My team is better because I say so. Well that's cool that that's your opinion, but if Miami is so great, and godlike why aren't they going for their 3rd straight ring? Hell, why have they lost a game all year? Yeah, last 2 seasons they've played GOOD basketball but don't speak like they are a dynasty with only 2 nba titles and only 4 good seasons, I say 4 because this season will make number 4.
garnolfini::The Heat players deserve a better fan base.
Pepsolman::Yeah it sucks that your fanbase is full of trolls and bandwagoners.
UMiami1994::and we care what you think why??? in fact we like it you think this bc when we win we all know your about to jump off the bridge!!!
UMiami1994::OhioStateBuckeyes1324 - No, it just puts a bad mark on sports, that a team with talent like the Heat, have such a childish, and disgusting fan base that no one wants to talk sports with because I don't believe for a second that you have been a ticket holder since '88 because the way you carry yourself on this board and how poor your spelling is, I'd say you were born in 1994. I can stand trolls, but I can't stand ignorant $@%!$@ like you.  not even close sir.
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::No, it just puts a bad mark on sports, that a team with talent like the Heat, have such a childish, and disgusting fan base that no one wants to talk sports with because I don't believe for a second that you have been a ticket holder since '88 because the way you carry yourself on this board and how poor your spelling is, I'd say you were born in 1994. I can stand trolls, but I can't stand ignorant $@%!$@ like you.
jtru001::I agree. I actually like LBJ as a player but all the trolls this year just make me hate the Heat and to an extent LBJ...ESPN has a lot to do with that as well.
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::I liked him in high school, for ALL the hype he got, especially in Ohio he carried himself pretty well. When Cleveland took the gamble that they did and almost got the organization itself into trouble by trying to offer him deals early I thought he'd be a lifer in Cleveland. Now he chose to leave and that's fine he's a grown man and it's his choice, I don't think Cleveland fans are mad he left, I think it's more the organization risked alot in order to get him and had higher hopes that'd he'd stay his entire career.
Mets-Jets-Knicks-Isles19::Knicks are playing really well....keep it up into the playoffs
jtru001::I just hope they can get as healthy as possible....if healthy the Knicks can go far....Imagine Sheed and Kmart on the floor at the same time....
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::Hoping Jason Kidd can play like he did in NJ when they went to those 2 NBA finals. He's still a good PG.
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::I guy can only dream aye? Ha, I just want to see him win one last ring before he retires.
dead stuff on fire::he's had a long list of "zero points" in his game logs this season
RRC24Kemba15::dead stuff on fire - as long as they don't let kidd shoot, he has value  he has turned into a really good 3 point shooter
dead stuff on fire::as long as they don't let kidd shoot, he has value
RRC24Kemba15::you better just hope for a dallas j kidd. the NJ one isnt walking through that door.
RRC24Kemba15::they'll need to keep knocking down those 3s once the game slows down and there's better D on melo in the playoffs.
icenine1991::LLMiami - Like Lebron and Wade who didn't play  Like when they beat Miami by 20 without Melo right?
LLMiami::Like Lebron and Wade who didn't play
garnolfini::Better D than Battier can supply.
tallsmile28::The Knicks have beat the Heat 3-1 in the season.  The knicks aren't worried about the Heat right now.
UMiami1994::oh year bc you guys set the playoffs on fire every year!!!
h86tango::another standard troll reply.
UMiami1994::of course not bc you wont get out the first round.
Mets-Jets-Knicks-Isles19::^^^^standard troll reply
tallsmile28::He's on fire!!!
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::This board was just fine, until the trolls hit. We go from talking about how Knicks are playing good ball and hoping it goes into the playoffs, to 12 year old trolls who don't know a darn thing about basketball talking about how great the team they know 0 about is.
knicks_11::Heat Fans are very logical and very smart when talking bout Basketball  --Said No one Ever
DJT_1980::And Knick fans are?
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::On here to talk about the team's performance the last 10 games and how they hope it continues into the playoffs. Can't you read???
Barona41::This is how smart I am: Knicks only been to the playoffs once in the last 5-10 years and only won 1 playoff game. I don't have to be a genius to know that.
icenine1991::Really only once? hmm you may wanna double check that
Barona41::Players have to adapt to the changes of their sports... So they can play or either complain like some whiny $@%!$@%! little girls.
Barona41::You guys have to take a look at all sports. Over time, rules and regulations change over time... Things that were ok then aren't ok now. It's for a reason. For example, In the 70's, it was ok to use sports enhancement drugs. Today, it's not ok. Look's at what's happening to the NFL, in 10-20 years it may become flag football.
mada1986::Did the NBA do away with double dribble, traveling, carrying, and walking calls? I've never seen so many guards palming the ball and no calls. If it's a potential sportscenter top 10 play they will not blow the whistle.
BSPN Inc::I call them the New York Tricks because they can win 10 straight in the regular season and even win the regular season series against the Heat but ain't got NO CHANCE of winning 4 againt the Heat in a playoff series!
BSPN Inc::It's hard if you ain't go common sense...
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::By vaguely wording a phrase that could have multiple meanings to mean one thing, you can not attack anyone's intelligence because that would make you a fool for doing the posting.
raul7794::Jesus. They trick you into thinking they are contenders but are really just pretenders who are not gonna win when it counts. Now was that so hard?
BSPN Inc::OhioStateBuckeyes1324 - Actually, how you had that worded, it could've been perceived a few ways. Please don't try to go the intelligent route you'll hurt yourself.  Please don't use the word intelligent if you can't figure something so SIMPLE!
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::Actually, how you had that worded, it could've been perceived a few ways. Please don't try to go the intelligent route you'll hurt yourself.
jtru001::makes no sense.
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::If you are saying it is "magic" than let's put this to rest. Teams in the NBA regardless of how good or bad you are go on hot/cold streaks. The Knicks aren't an  elite team, but have players good enough to get win streaks like the one they are on every now and again. So how is that a trick?
jtru001::I know what it means it just makes no sense because trick does not fit in at all with your description.
BSPN Inc::Perhaps you should look at the definition of trick sense you can't figure it out.
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::So where does the word "Trick" correlate at ALL in that statement?
jtru001::Why is it everytime I come on a Knicks board to talk NYK ball it is full of Heat trolls....dont yall have your own boards?.............
raul7794::Lol the heat have the same amount of rings the Knicks do and the Knicks are 40 years older.
UMiami1994::you wanna a history of our team?? who cares if we didnt win in the past. we had great teams that didnt win and we have a great team now that is winning. whats your point?? no team bats 1000 buddy. but one thing for sure we are better than the knicks.
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::You had teams that were decent, like NY that couldn't win championships. You want to compare rings and such Miami has 2? And you had to buy talent in order to get last year's ring. Don't come at me with your " no one bats 1000" when all of you ignoramuses say how great the Heat are. When you can be a consistent team than you MAY get recognition until you win multiple rings in succession, you're just another wanna be Bulls from the late 80's-90's
UMiami1994::buddy i have been a heat season tix holder since 88 w my family so i very much doubt you know anything more about the heat than me sir.
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::Well than you can answer, other than '06 and last season what has Miami done other than being the NBA punching bag?
UMiami1994::your just mad bc your boy left that dump you call your home, for so be.
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::I have already taken care of you on that topic, I have made mention I do NOT live in Cleveland. You are, in fact, a Heat bandwagon fan. Hell I know more about the Heat and it's Big 3 than you do. So please boy hop off my D it's starting to get a little weird.
UMiami1994::i like to come here and see what knicks fan who hasn't won anything in 4 decades has to say. it makes my day, and makes me laugh all day.
jtru001::as this is a Knicks board we are here as fans to talk about the Knicks intelligently but I know that Heat fans are not capable of such a conversation.
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::If you have to come onto a message board to get your jollies than dude you really need to look at your life as a whole and see what you're doing wrong.
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::I would say the intelligent heat fans are on their boards, than I remembered that Intelligent Heat fans is actually an oxymoron and now all the trolls in here will go google that word to find out what it means.
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::You bring up last season which I do believe=past. You've played good ball this year, I won't say great because you've had to come back from big deficits to win games especially during that 27 game winning streak. You want to be called Elite go and win a few rings before gloating, because if not no one cares about One Hit Wonders.
UMiami1994::OhioStateBuckeyes1324 - Exactly, I don't care much about the NBA myself, I'm more of a college basketball kinda guy, but I can easily compare Miami to Kentucky fans in basketball, they live in the past and harp on how GREAT their team is year after year, EVEN if they don't win a ring.  How we living in the past moron we living in the here and now we are the champs and going to win it again, wheres the past??/
OhioStateBuckeyes1324::Exactly, I don't care much about the NBA myself, I'm more of a college basketball kinda guy, but I can easily compare Miami to Kentucky fans in basketball, they live in the past and harp on how GREAT their team is year after year, EVEN if they don't win a ring.
jtru001::nice....the bad part is they have been saying the same stuff all year...."melo dont play D"..."melo and felton are fat" etc...obvious they dont know anything about ball.
garnolfini::Fear brings them. The city of Miami is rank of fear.
mada1986::The NBA  is a showtime sport now. It is one step above the Harlem globetrotters. Zero fundamentals,  hardly any offensive sets and no defense. I'd rather watch high school basketball than the current NBA style of play
UMiami1994::then do so, so when the heat shut down melo the last 6 mins when they played and he got off no shot thats no great D??? your a clown.
dead stuff on fire::sign of the times...the other major US sports have evolved to that too
Barona41::Bye?? Nice meeting you.
Barona41::No. But I'm not gonna complain about it. All sports evolve over time. Duh
mada1986::you must have been born in the 90s if you think this style of basketball is good
Barona41::CryMelo MVP.. Ha ha ah..... That's about one of the worse picks ever for MVP. About as bad as giving Tyson Chandler DPOY last year when it should of either went to Lebron or Iblocka
UMiami1994::that and D rose bad calls for MVP.
Barona41::You have corrected me... That has to be the worst.
Kobes_been_bricking_since_96::Does anyone else hate the term "hater"
raul7794::Sometimes it's the only word to describe someone. That's the sad part
Kobes_been_bricking_since_96::probably a poor choice of words
garnolfini::it is a lazy term used by ignorant and immature people.
mada1986::stop hatin man
LosLobotologistKickUrBallzIntoOuterSpace::Oh yeah? Well at least Melo has a MOP award. Lebron cant say that
garnolfini::Melo has pried Lebron's fingers off the MVP trophy.
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>LMAO at CryMelo</b>
jtru001::LBJ is the crybaby....Melo not so much....
Barona41::How? 27 &gt; 10
jtru001::didnt realize LBJ won those games by himself....
Pepsolman::LOL right
