Mr. Nut Job::Indiana sure is a team that is being ignored.  They are neck and neck with Chi though.
amazed37::Seriously  ??   Pelicans  ??
inityminiwur::Coach Vogel should give Miles Plumlee some playing time.
kmnacke::no, just no
i Resist so i Exist::Pacers can't lose
Chris341276::I have been using a bet system called sportsbettingstar. im making between 2-3K a month profits using this system. If you search google for sports betting systems you will find this system on the first page of google.
BigHandsomeHoosier1991::As a Pacers fan who has been openly critical of the offense this season, I must say, the reason I keep watching the Pacers is because they play team basketball for the most part and play DEFENSE.  Merry Christmas to all the Hoosiers and Pacer fans from out of state!  The Bulls are next!
Mr. Nut Job::I was pretty darn amazed that they came back from that huge, huge deficit.  First time this season that it really happened!  There must be some actual passion on the team.  Impressive.
neverstoppers23::pacers showed they are a force in the east if granger is back healthy, imo 2nd best team in the nba. the knicks will fade they are a 3 point shooting team. whens the last time a team that relayed to win on threes won an nba championship.?
dwighthowardsamazing::Granger will help the team A LOT on offense but will he mess up what they have going on defense that is the million dollar question
jimmyburrell23::anybody have an idea when granger is coming back
IUalltheway9824::pg needs to keep playing strong
kdenis451991::feburary
jimmy188710::in 2k13 west and lance are awfull haha
jimmy188710::i think they are pretty good. Granger and Green are good but PG cant hit a jumper
cali_coltsfan::the whole team is crappy on that game
kdenis451991::jimmy gemino?
jimmy188710::nope
Marty.mcfly2015::pacers 12-5 last 17 gms
Marty.mcfly2015::yo the H got bamboozled 2nite
JollySwagman28::My thanks to Cleveland and Atlanta for beating Milwaukee and Chicago tonight, respectively.
duttybibs31::LANCE STEPHENSON GOT BETTER when granger comes back hopefully our bench will be good with lance and green and ian and dj and tyler
ptglj517::pacers 11 games played at home, 17 played on the road, we're without our top scorer, and yet #1 scoring defense in the league and sitting pretty at 16-12.  i'm definitely feeling better about this team than early in the year.  MUCH better.
JollySwagman28::we've been shooting horribly all year.  as good as the defense is, if we ever find the offensive touch, watch out!
JollySwagman28::Is anyone else extremely distracted by Davis' unibrow?  How can anyone not know to shave that shiz off?
duttybibs31::he trying to stay with the original look but to me it look stupid its like he dont have enough to cut it
JollySwagman28::I did a survey just now.  0.0000% of women like that look.
JollySwagman28::West was unstoppable in the 4th Q.  Beasted it!
Just one mans opinion::DWest is awesome, has been for years
duttybibs31::GOLD SWAGGER im glad i watch this whole game even though i wanted to take it off because i was getting so mad WE CAME BACK
EastCoastSurfing::I left when it was 15 30 I came back when It was 69 70 needless to say I was thrilled.
duttybibs31::u shoulda watch the whole game it was good not only west did it but lance had some put backs too
JollySwagman28::ditto.  I flipped to the football game a few times but i'm glad I watched the 2nd half
Dschmack9211::not even at full strength...wait till february with granger
JollySwagman28::let's hope he's able to get into game shape after so many months off.
jerryboy760::The Pacers the best team in the NBA!!
vandeman34::Nuggs much better. But maybe u think Iggy is a star
Taco with a Q::Much?
JollySwagman28::Pacers are definitely the best team with 0 "stars" on the team.
676Rob::next tim duncan my a.ss. davis has no d. young tim was a monster defender.
ptglj517::say what you want about the pacers very lackluster offense, but they sure can play d this year
matt25485::they also have the 2nd best defense in the NBA
jimmyburrell23::you mean first look at the stats again
jerryboy760::They allowed 107 points the first time they met to this same team?
ptglj517::so? that was also an overtime game and early in the season.  pacers are the only team allowing sub-90 per game
kmnacke::I didn't realize hornets fans existed.  Sorry to both of you
MasterOfLogic::They don't exist anymore, but Pelican fans do.
543michaeljr::If Anthony Davis is your star in the NBA your in trouble.   Proof: Hornets r 5 - 22
Just one mans opinion::And KLove won so many games for the wolves, they were able to draft rubio with the 5 pick the next yr.  That makes alot of sense.
543michaeljr::Let me add one more thing   Doesnt win games. Real star player, huh.
Just one mans opinion::14 games.  4 double double doubles.  19 yrs old.  Ever seen anybody do that?  Nope
Just one mans opinion::Oh yeah, I didnt see the typo till you pointed it out.  Point taken.  My bad.  And yet michaeljr was saying a bunch of people had done it anyway.  Thats funny
tgreeson80::I wanna know what a double double double is?  I've been watching for years, remember Hakeems quadruple double, but that double double double sounds INSANE lol
Just one mans opinion::No he didnt.  You finally said something that made sense
543michaeljr::No he didnt but i wasnt talking about his first year. Just to be fair the only players that r 19 are from UK. UK also sucks. So yeah i guess i havnt seen a 19 year old do that but i have seen players in there first year be a star rookie and actually improve their team. Anthony Davis doesnt win games u can give stats but that doesnt mean nothin in playoffs when Davis doesnt even play
Just one mans opinion::Yeah Love really dominated that first year didnt he?
Just one mans opinion::You dont care about things that dont go your way, do you kid?
543michaeljr::Yeah its called Kevin Love when he went on his Double Double streak.Nobody cares about his age because the only players that r 19 come from Kentucky where they come out of college after one year.
Just one mans opinion::Never been done.  Name one
Just one mans opinion::Nobody ever has
543michaeljr::Yeah, alot of people. Most have been busts like Davis.
19mjohn75::serious question for hornet fans, im from dayton, and a lifelong ud flyer fan.  What is the general opinion of Brian Roberts as your  backup PG?  Not too many flyers make it to the NBA but it seems he is playing well.  At least in this game the hornets were +12 i think with him on the court, not that his is the total reason but hoping he sticks with the team.
Just one mans opinion::Like anybody, hes great when hes hot.  When hes not, we need to get him out of there.  But it takes time to learn the league
19mjohn75::i know he spent four years overseas trying to improve his game for the pros, but yea, this is his first year in the nba.
Just one mans opinion::Hes really inconsistent which is common for a rook, but hes 27 I think
TimmyHardawayJr10::Let's go troll the bucks board! Getting trashed by the Cavs
Taco with a Q::Trolling is for losers
Just one mans opinion::Novoodoo does not speak for hornets fans.  Indiana is a cool place, Ive been there.  Hes a hateful kid, that wouldnt know ball if it bit him in the a s s
hoops 112hoping::11-18 from the FT line indy... come on.  George, Hill, and West all shot 4+ with PG shooting 5 and they each missed one which is okay but the rest of the team 1-5 ugh
hoops 112hoping::hey new orleans fans i thought you knew how veteran savvy west is with his post moves, stop trashing davis!! he's like 19
NGplayinskillz::Davis has been overrated. I still think MKG will be better than him.
Just one mans opinion::Thats funny
rickyoil::up 17 at half then score only 7 points in the 3rd????????  why even have a team  and cheat the fans in new orleans???? wheres that fool said anthony davis top 20 in nba already ill say it again lmao
KenY329::I guess you didn't see the defense the Pacers put down.
543michaeljr::Wow Anthony Davis is pretty horrific on defense, even for a rookie. He practically blew the game for the Hornets by letting West get those easy fad aways.
Novoodoo4409::Is Indy even a state?
543michaeljr::No duhh, thats y i said he was stupid to ask that question.
EastCoastSurfing::Indy is short for Indianapolis, a city, in the state of Indiana, a state.
543michaeljr::U must be from Louisiana to say such a stupid thing.
matt25485::what kind of question is that? did you fail your 3rd grade map test or something?
hoops 112hoping::go away please
hoops 112hoping::if the bucks win tonight, 3  way tie for the central lead
Novoodoo4409::At the end of the day, you still have to wake up in nowhere,Indiana  in the corn fields with ugly boring Midwest people...must su.ck to be a butt pacers fan...
Taco with a Q::Awwww your Bulls lost tonight!!!  But dont get mad now!  Get mad when we win again Dec 26th
iownamicrowave::so youre upset your team lost?
NGplayinskillz::Are there even any cornfields in Indianapolis? I haven't seen any in Indy.
NGplayinskillz::Once Danny Granger comes back the Indiana Pacers will be scary good.
Just one mans opinion::Great comeback pacers.  Weird game.  23 freethrows attempted by both teams.  40% shooting.  My hornets are learning the hard way.  I
nargash::David West schooled Davis. SMH..!!
hoops 112hoping::and d west can do that to a lot of people
zkline00::davis is young, give him time.
hoops 112hoping::paul george early and david west late, both of these guys should make the all star game.  George even when he's cold now has the best all around game of the night for the pacers. 17/12/4/2 West is just ballin as a clutch guy who gets buckets 25/7/2
Ireland297::The hornets lack a star. Or a go to guy. Hopely Gordan can come back
Ireland297::Ya remeber last year when he came back they actully started to play really good.
NGplayinskillz::Gordon is that star. He just has to get on the floor. Once he gets back Hornets will be a VERY GOOD team.
airic.ad::In about a week, sir!
jeremyf1986::D west!!
airic.ad::And again, Robin Lopez has a pointless very good game for the Hornets in a loss.
MasterOfLogic::His two best games were against the Pacers.
hanzerman181::David West could use a few tacos right about now
kdenis451991::hey george hit his free throws :)
colts8733::the Pacers did not win this game.......... David West won it
GEAUX SEC OR GEAUX HOME::Gosh I miss D west. Although he beat my hornets single handed, Im glad to see that he is doing good in Indiana .
zkline00::Thanks to Paul George for not letting it get too out of hand in the first half
MasterOfLogic::Thanks Davis, could always use those extra points.
Rexanilatorz::gg Hornets Fans..I know you guys thought you had the W at halftime but I warned you guys!
Just one mans opinion::No assumptions here, that for the young guys
zkline00::I assume at this point the hornets fans are gone.
mseddon12::im pretty sure at this point that hornets fans dont assume any lead is safe lol
audelo55::They cover...
NGplayinskillz::11 STRAIGHT LOSSES. GOOD JOB HORNETS.
airic.ad::Chicago loses.  Milwaukee will lose.  Indiana wins!
jerryboy760::Pacers win!!
hoops 112hoping::see? davis HAS to hit the weights or he'll be a waste of a #1 pick SERIOUSLY
