s.molla1993::The Warriors really need a Big Man (Center). Warriors should make a move at the trade deadline. If the Warriors won games that they've lost during 4th quarter or games that they've lead by 15 and more points. The Warriors would be 3rd or 4th place in the West. I'm I right?
FadethePublic::By my count, there have been 11 or 12 games (way too many) that resulted in a loss for the Warriors that were either one possession games in the final minute or two of the fourth quarter or OT, or were large leads during halftime that were blown in the fourth. One can not expect a quality center to rectify all 12 losses, but if we assume that half of these could have been prevented with a better big and better late play calling by the coach, we could postulate a 6 game improvement on the win column, which would be a 58.3% winning percentage. That would slot the Warriors in at 6th in the west, right between the Lakers and the Mavericks. I think that is a safer "what if" scenario, and would be very acceptable to Warriors fans like myself. I really wish the Dubs had a quality center, and had won half of those questionable games.
Doggrell13::you are not right. They should not be 3r or 4th or the West. The Grizz on the other hand.....
s.molla1993::The Games the Warriors were supposed to win; late 4th quarter (Jazz game and so many more) and 20 point leads (Pacers and etc.). Those games, i'm telling you the Warriors would be top of 8 (not top 3 or 4) in the West.
dcreery15::wat ppl don't get about knicks is that the problem is ther defense, lin shump walker jeffries and chandler is way better then lin fields carmelo stat and chandler  more on that here http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
SB47-Locker10::Z- BO THE TRUTH!! Randolph !!
BnaBreaker::Once again, even after last year's deep playoff run, almost NOBODY in the superstar worshiping sports media is talking about the Grizzlies as a serious threat or giving them any real respect.  The Grizzlies now have the seventh best record in the league and the third best record in the Western Conference, ahead of media darlings Clippers, Lakers, and Mavericks.  They have achieved this while playing the third toughest schedule in the league AND without their best player.  The Grizz are LEGIT...can we get a little respect Please!
titan921::I cannot agree more. Do people even know that the Grizz exist? I have not once seen a Grizz game as the first highlight shown. Please give them some respect people. They haven't even had Zach for a majority of this season. Speights has really stepped up during this time and I cannot be more please the 76ers had all but given up on him.
FadethePublic::Agreed, Memphis is a legit team and could upend any team in the west in a 7 game series. They need to get a winning record on the road though, but I'm rooting for them and hope they suceed, they deserve it as a franchise. I wish they got more respect and coverage from the media, The Clippers, Lakers, and Mavs are getting way too much press and I'd take Memphis against any of them in the playoffs.
SB47-Locker10::WARRIORS = PLAYOFFS!!! JOKE OF THE YEAR!!! DONNIE NELSON GOT MORE FIGHT THAN THIS TEAM!
SB47-Locker10::TEAM IS CURSED! Don't compare them to those teams.. Cause they are in same boat as the Clips .. Paper playoff teams .. LOL
FadethePublic::Lol, that is what people were saying about OKC a few years ago, and Memphis just recently. That is what was said about the T wolves, but they are poised to make a splash. Its a matter of time. Golden state has the cash, they just need another lucky draft pick or a solid free agent move, and to shore up the coaching situation. They will get their shot, its inevitable.
venom9247::yeah for real...he is rounding into being the 2nd best center..the other night he had like 30...    i think the warriors need to scout outside of america lol...i said it before....Africa, european leagues, serbians....    there are good players out there......
FadethePublic::I was really hoping so too, but coach MJ really made me nervous. I'd be happy with either Gasol or Bynum, even if it cost us Curry and Wright, plus a draft pick. You are right, we need a big, and it can come from anywhere, doesn't Ibaka have like 17 brothers? We need to send our scouts to  the African and Eurasian areas, as long as we don't end up with a Biedrins type of guy again.
venom9247::yeah that would be awesome..lets steal some players too hehe..
FadethePublic::Yeah that is true, our scouts are snagging some legit talent, we keep getting promising young players and good value in the draft but there is a gap between our scouts and the coaching staff, we continue to coax out underwhelming results from the young guys. Maybe that is the weak link, we need to steal some better trainers and maybe borrow some of the phoenix medical staff to keep our guys healthy. The Heat are a good example of great defensive training, so are the bulls.
venom9247::lol yeah biedrins was actually alright at first but then fell off big time.. like i was saying...its about a staff that develops players...train them to play defense...train versatility to their game like i was saying the heat rotate so well play tight man to man at times switch zones...they are undersized and have an incredible defense...
venom9247::im talking about this year like right now..because need something quick..or we just wait for next year but thats another year lost.. i really thought we were gonna make the playoffs this year
SB47-Locker10::CURRY SHOULD JUST LEAVE THE WARRIORS!! BEST DECISION HE'll ever make for his career!! No need for trade.. ELLIS AFTER 2 years will realize his team IS GARBAGE!! JUST LISTEN TO MARK JACKSON's voice !! Proof is in the pudding!!
SB47-Locker10::SURE THING FAT BOY ORCA!! GO TO SLEEP SO U CAN WAKE UP FROM YOUR BEAUTY SLEEP !! YOUR BIG DAY AS A JENNY CRAIG FITNESS MODEL IS AROUND THE CORNER!! LOL !! SMH WARRIOR FANS CRY LIKE LITTLE BABIES!! FACE THE MUSIC !! WARRIORS ARE GARBAGE!!
s.molla1993::@SB47-Locker10, Get A LIFE!!!!!!!!
venom9247::keep $@%.ming to fast to impregnant a chick man....i know your life is sad...and you wish dad didn't molest you as a kid..but bro...its okay..they got counseling
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::Lmao this kid in his free time likes to troll randomly.  Get a life.
venom9247::LOL yeah....he trolls cuz his ejaculation time is .02 sec not even enough time get a shot off man
venom9247::i dont think the lakers would trade bynum unless its for howard...  and yeah gasol is finesse player but he plays tall...he plays big..keeps the ball high from defenders.. gets offensive rebounds..blocks shots...and he draws big men outside to guard his outside shot...hes truly a tough center to defend..
tomBOMB505::mark gasol is better
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::To get a CHANCE to get Andrew Bynum the Warriors would have to trade curry, wright, 1st round pick, and another player.  Centers are hard to come by these days.  Andrew Bynum 2nd best center in the NBA.  That would be tight.
venom9247::yeah for real...he is rounding into being the 2nd best center..the other night he had like 30...  i think the warriors need to scout outside of america lol...i said it before....Africa, european leagues, serbians....  there are good players out there...
FadethePublic::True, he is a very talented big, and could play center for the Dubs. I doubt the Lakers would move Bynum too, but it sure would be nice. Gasol just worries me for the long term, I think his best years are behind him.
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::Yeah it would be tough to get Andrew Bynum.
SB47-Locker10::WARRIORS CRACKS THE TOP 5 WORST NBA Franchises!! DA TRUTH!!
zdrawkcabssa::face it the warriors are a joke now and forever
SB47-Locker10::LACOB &amp; Guber = DAN SNYDER REDSKINS !! JUST THROW $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ away without  R - eturn  O -n   I - nvestment!!
FadethePublic::According to Forbes they are the 12th most valuable franchise in the NBA. They are always in the top ten in attendance numbers, they will get a new stadium in 2017 or at least a great renovation. There is a reason Lacob and Guber payed 450 million for them, I beleive that is the highest amount paid for an NBA team to date. Not a playoff contender, but in terms of market value they are closer to a top five franchise than one of the 5 worst. How do you figure they belong in the bottom 5?
FadethePublic::Lol, Captain Jack rebuilt his career as a Warrior, Harrington has gone down hill since leaving, so has Baron Davis and Kelena. Then you remember agent zero right? His career was pretty legit when he was playing with the Dubs, last I checked he has fallen on hard times. You are dead wrong buddy, the Warriors have helped many players careers, not the other way around. And the franchise prints money with a loyal and huge fan base, you couldn't be further from the truth.
SB47-Locker10::WASTE OF MONEY!! NO CURRENT TITLE!! Everybody that leaves seems to have better Careers
venom9247::your crazy bro.. .^^^ yes the warriors are a great franchise....they have the best fan base you see how people come to games and cheer no matter what.... the nets suck and no one is even there....from nj/nyc area by the way
SB47-Locker10::WHEN WAS THAT CHAMPIONSHIP ??!!! WHO WAS ON THAT TEAM?!!! 1000yrs AGO !! PENDEJO!! WE BELEIVE!!!! LOL !!! WHAT????!! IN LOSING!!! WARRIORS = SHARKS!! POSERS!!
Oaktown1029::maricon!
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::Warriors are one of 12 franchises in the NBA who have at least one championship.  Idiot.
venom9247::curry and udoh for gasol? hahaha
FadethePublic::I'd prefer Bynum actually. Gasol is more of a finesse PF, Dubs need a true big center. Lee is too similar to Gasol IMO. I wonder if LA would part with Bynum, they could use a solid PG, Fisher is nothing more than a cheerleader and Blake is horrendous.
venom9247::i see...yeah
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::Yeah true that.  Plus idk if they would want to trade for Curry because they may be waiting to see if they can get Deron Williams.
venom9247::i dont think the lakers would trade bynum unless its for howard... and yeah gasol is finesse player but he plays tall...he plays big..keeps the ball high from defenders.. gets offensive rebounds..blocks shots...and he draws big men outside to guard his outside shot...hes truly a tough center to defend..
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::Yeah I agree with that.  Why is our GM so stupid?  He should make these offers.  I bet the Lakers would be tempted to do that.
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::Lol idk.  Maybe get a big man that is younger.  If Pau Gasol were 3 years younger then maybe.
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::Dorell Wright disappointing this season too.  10 ppg and shooting 41%.
venom9247::yeah his last good game was against the heat..when he was draining threes..  after that hes been really disappointing....
venom9247::if the lakers got curry it would be a problem..they would be in a good contention
venom9247::sometimes its the coaching staff and trainers...  you need to have a good staff to develop players...and biedris fell off big time
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::Yeah who the heck is teaching this team defense?
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::If they paid by performance instead of guaranteed money Biedrins would be making $40,000 a year.  Lmao
venom9247::LOL yeah man
SB47-Locker10::SHERA WARRIORS !! BACK TO D- LEAGUE SWAG!! = LAG!!
venom9247::you know on nba2k10 im pretty sick with the warriors...  i wish they never broke up the team we had in 2007
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::Yeah GM made some dumb trades.
venom9247::yeah...wtf...this was a sick team...
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::Yeah and Al Harrington.
venom9247::yeah seriously....we had baron davis jackon, jrich, ellis, azabuke, pietrus.....those were the days...that did not last long enough
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::General manager need to make a trade.  What you guys think?
venom9247::yeah like you saying package udoh and thompson for kaman...
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::Trade Curry for a center.  Put Monta Ellis at point guard.  Klay Thompson start at shooting guard.  Monta Ellis is a point guard.  Curry could give us serious trade value.  I like him but business is business.
SB47-Locker10::NO TEAM WANTS CURRY !! HE'S TURNING INTO GREG ODEN!
FadethePublic::He's not that extreme, though I'm sure teams are gun shy on him now. But he has a tremendous upside when healthy. There are contenders out there who need a PG and would roll the dice
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::Curry played tonight.
FadethePublic::They could move either Curry or Ellis for a quality big and get better IMO. But they need to cut a few wing players and ditch Biedrins bloated contract if they want to actually get better long term. Not an easy feat, but Andris has to go.
venom9247::that is f.uckin ridiculous..  you know what i could do with that money...pay loans off..bills......this guy does not deserve that..!
FadethePublic::9 million this year, I think it keeps going up for two or three more seasons after this too. Its really an ugly contract
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::Like $10 million a year.
venom9247::how much are they paying biedris?
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::Yeah Biedrins is pathetic.  Worst starting center in the NBA by far.
venom9247::the only thing is...curry is diverse just like ellis....curry can shoot also steal also...get his own shot off the dribble....and even pass pretty well... thompson is a straight up spot up shooter...too one dimensional i think
venom9247::yeah for real...kwame was descent...7mil down the drain...fu.ckin injured now..
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::I think he done for the year.
venom9247::what's his status? is he coming back soon?
FadethePublic::Lol, he would still lead the team in rebounding with one arm probably, maybe you are on to something here haha
venom9247::separated shoulder...that is not season ending? he needs to man up lol...
FadethePublic::I think he is done for the year. Separated shoulder. Not positive on the time table though
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::Ekpe Udoh sucks.  Except for blocking shots.
venom9247::the warriors need a defensive system...  you see how the heat rotate and each guy knows where to be in what situation...they are undersized too..yet play serious defense...
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::Trade for Chris Kaman.  Maybe Klay Thompson for Chris Kaman?  I know that would give up good talent but Warriors desperately need a center.  Kaman been playing good and he shares playing time with Okafor.  Or maybe Brandon Rush, Udoh, and Nate Robinson for Kaman and someone?
FriscoWarriors415::rather give up monta. Not klay. He has a promising future
venom9247::interesting...yeah..
gasol1883::Am I the only person here who thinks that Nate Robinson is just a punk who plays dirty. When the griz got way up Nate started throw dirty shots at players; he then hung on the rim and used his legs to to wrap up speights, then he ran down the court and checked mayo to the ground, then he shoved speights in the back while he was in the air. Dude is just out trying to hurt people. Its sad
Doggrell13::Yeah man. There's a reason he gets shipped around to 5 different teams. He might be a good scorer, but he's a punk and bad in the locker room. And he's short. And his nba dunk contest dunks were super lame Sprite commercials.
FadethePublic::He seems like he has a huge ego and a bad attitude and is a true hucker, he would make a good 3 on 3 street ball player, I've never liked him as an NBA player though.
Mole1932::Yea...... he looks like a monkey on the rim.......
FriscoWarriors415::But funny because he is so small
venom9247::honestly just get anyone i mean fu.ckin anyone to stand there seriously? ..
FadethePublic::Lol its true. Kwame seemed to be showing some life, if given 32 minutes a game his numbers suggest a 10 and 10 player a game. Not great but a huge improvement over Biedrins. He would have been a serviceable back up if healthy. Warriors can score, they don't need a Dwight, just a seven footer who gets double digit rebounds and takes up space in the paint.
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::Exactly Kwame Brown was doing good.
venom9247::they need to scout a center in africa or in the european leagues..?
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::Dorell Wright had a good season last year.  This year he gone down.  10 ppg and shooting only 41%.  Terrible.  Except for David Lee our big men suck.  Ekpe Udoh is a bust.  6th pick in the draft.
nu life::I said earlier in the year that good teams continue to win even without key pieces like san Antonio did without manu.  But now Memphis is doing it without z-bo.  Looks like the sign of a nice team.  Glad to see Pondexter, Cunningham, Speights contributing.  They are the key to this thing now too.  I was scared to death with Zach down, darell not playing, and sam on the bench.  All key components from last year, but the new guys deserve a lot of credit. O J couldn't do it all.
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::Need a dam center.  Curry needs to get healthy.
Warriors_fans_are_the_best::Either trade for Chris Kaman or draft a center.
venom9247::how are they gonna get this center?....
venom9247::free agency...?  wait for next year?  tank the season?
RyneM23::Fo Grizzle my nizzle
venom9247::there smoking too mch swag..lol...go back to haze..
venom9247::you think some of these players on the warriors aren't just smart enough? lol...  cuz the first half of season i was like ok we lost some games here and there by a play..  now its like back to the same shi.t no defense...no execution
WarriorsWarrior::lee Klay Steph That's it
venom9247::oh true...yeah...  they need a system...like a defensive system.. you see how the heat rotate so quick..
WarriorsWarrior::smart... maybe udoh too
venom9247::the smart ones? or dumb ones?
WarriorsWarrior::starting to sound like Mark Jackson is losing team
The_Boomtown_Rats::M.E.M.P.H.I.S  MAKIN EASY MONEY PIMPIN HOES IS SERIOUS
Gambling and Rambling::What GS doesnt have this year is a Small Forward that can shoot and drive to the basket. Their entire game is based on perimeter shooting and as we all know they dont have a big man either
venom9247::yeah for real... their is no set plays or a go to guy...like a guy in the post to dominate and center presence
Oaktown1029::agree
royboy1978::It's bed time for me peeps.  Big sports day tomorrow here in Memphis.  The Tigers (both men's and women's team) begin their quest to become the conference champions and I need to comsume all the energy I can to cheer them on.  Until Saturday night.
testname5::Why does everyone hate Monta??? I know his shot selection is iffy, but its because he feels he needs to put the team on his back, especially when Curry is out. And on a sidenote, Monta is passing, leading his team in assists. I understand frustration, just not the hate. :(
WarriorsWarrior::beats me smh
venom9247::yes...exactly...ellis is premier scorer....unguardable....this guy is a rare player...we need to keep him... and curry is just being a bi.tch right now..  but the backcourt is fine...its the center and power forward...we need
testname5::we dont even really need a pf, we really need a center. if there is one player we should trade it is biedrens. worst waste of money everrrrr
Oaktown1029::Jackson will be calling his buddy Van-Gundy and he'll beg for his TNT job back!
FadethePublic::Lol, He was a terrible announcer, I really hope he doesn't go back to ESPN and ABC. He ruins our team as a coach, but at least I don't have to listen to him and his little one liners on the bench.
venom9247::lol you mean espn...  tnt is better though...way better..
venom9247::lol really ...my god...i feel for him...we feel for him....  we were doing fine in the first half of the season....things are slipping
WarriorsWarrior::Lol
Oaktown1029::oh, I'm listening to Jackson now on his post-game show and it sounds like he's about to kill himself.
WarriorsWarrior::lol
venom9247::we were having close games in the first half...we could have won alot of those games man...they were close as hell.....just a play here a play there...now they look terrible...
born0516::As a Lakers fan, who is highly pissed right now because we lost to the f'n wizards tonight, I DO NOT want to play Memphis 2 months from now in the playoffs. Might get swept. Please God.......................... NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! OKC vs. Memphis in the western conf. finals, unfortunatley.
The_Boomtown_Rats::Memphis doin it........OKC you ready?
Kuddish::Last 4 minutes of the 3rd and 4th quarter combined to have 10 Points. P I S S Pore.
Mole1932::Maybe they can get  Odom.....
The_Boomtown_Rats::Go Memphis
nu life::To the earlier post that said Memphis wouldn't/couldn't move into 3rd place because they wouldn't get to the top of the southwest division.  Take a look at the standings dog.  It may not last, but I'm enjoying the hell out of this while it last.
royboy1978::Damn Right About That!!!!!
nu life::Whazzz up there bar tender.  Glad to say that I haven't had to get too many strong shot of rum from you lately.  Our boys have been playing pretty friggin' good.
WarriorsWarrior::Good Game Grzzly fans y'all are good fans
Mole1932::Lee to-many turn overs......
Oaktown1029::Jackson's intention was to instill defense! defense! defense! - then he got to see up close Andres Beidrins, and so he said f**k it! let's go back to the Warrior way - inconsistent bball night after night.
venom9247::we were having close games in the first half...we could have won alot of those games man...they were close as hell.....just a play here a play there...now they look terrible...
venom9247::yeah he should be stressing defense...what the fu.ck happened??
Oaktown1029::IMO, no inside presence - it all starts with Beidrins, he's a bona-fide bust - he'll be gone.
ApolloBravo::Guess who's the three seed in the west.
royboy1978::Pick Me, Pick Me!!!!!!!!
Kuddish::2nd half over does not hit because these dooch bags milk the clock to end in the last 3 minutes. You won't see that in another GS game. What happend to them actually playing fast? Why are they trying to play half court? $@%!$@% Morons!
venom9247::they shouldn't trade ellis..  but you think they should tank the season or something..  i think mark jackson system is gonna take sometime...  its weird..sometimes they look so good..and sometimes they look like sh.it
Gambling and Rambling::Ellis is not a pure shooter and is too small to guard at his position. Yes he can score 30-40 but he needs to take at least that many shot attempts kinda like Kobe, but Kobe can defend cause he is 6'6
ImCheatn2win::why keep ellis    the season is over he wont  improve  us any and there is a guy   capable to start in his spot trtade him end of story
venom9247::ellis is a premier scorer.....the most underrated player in the nba...  you can't trade this guy...the backcourt is good...this is the backcourt you build around...
Gambling and Rambling::im sorry but Marc Jackson does not have a system he is learning on the job
venom9247::yeah true...  but he does stress defense...something the warriors fu.ckin need....DEFENSE..  if they could at least try or have a system and rotation on defense...it would help even a bit man ..it annoying watching them at times
