Travis Pavich::The Lakers will win the championship this year. It's guaranteed. Marshall is the next Stockton. Kelley is the next Durant. Sacre is the next Bill Russell. Hill is the next Karl Malone. Xavier Henry is the next Jordan. Nick Young the next Kobe!!!  Typical Laker Fans
Chris Orlob::The championship of what?
Travis Pavich::The NBA championship. The refs have caused us to lose all those games because they hate us. I mean, seriously, what team can match up against this squad of the greatest players ever?  Typical Laker Fans
Randy Dixon::You Jazz idiots gave Paul and Al...for Kanter and Favors yeah Utah is real bright lol don't worry about what the lakers do..obviously were injured...you scrubs are healthy and still can't best us
Minh Nguyen::Kendall Marshall is seizing the opportunity and does what he does best, moving the ball. Great first start! Hope he continues to deliver.
Leon Debeljak::Kendall Marshall!!! Tar Heel Nation represt!!!
Leon Debeljak::represent*
Kerryonne DukeBoy Bowens::As a Duke fan happy for Kendall Marshall
Leland Wong::The last thing the Lakers need is Kobe back. He is too much of a ball hog.
William Cutting::The derp is strong in you
Leland Wong::Kobe is bad for the league period, The issue in colorado still stinks pretty bad.
Matt Ramsey::Keep in mind that the BALL HOG Kobe Bryant is ranked #32 IN ALL TIME NBA ASSISTS!!!!!!!!!!!! Bet you didn't know that did you? You know how many PG's are behind him?
Brendyn Scott::UTAH, STOP WINNING!!!!
Matt Ramsey::Dantoni has a personal issue vs Kaman. Those 2 games Kaman started when Gasol was out, Kaman had 10 and 17, and 19 and 10. How do you play 30 mins and put in 10 and 17 and then play 10 mins the next game, come back the next get 19 and 10 at 30 mins, then play 10 mins the next game again? Those games Kaman started, he played far better than Shooting guard Gasol and Hill. How does Sacre get more minutes than Kaman? Makes no sense. It's obvious Dantoni has personal issues vs his players. He has had issues with past players. You don't bench good players for any other reason than it being personal
Steven Kim::Agree 100%.  If you look at Kaman's production-per-minute in most of his Lakers' games this season, it's actually pretty good.   Dantoni has to be the dumbest head coach in the NBA - like you said it's obvious he has a personal dislike of Kaman, despite his decent per-minute numbers.  Dantoni doesn't care one iota about defense, rebounding, and having bigs on the floor to grab those rebounds and block shots.     He'll do anything to make sure a stretch PF is in the starting lineup, always sneaking Shawne Williams in at the starting PF spot, until he starts to feel pressure from the media to insert a bigger player at the PF spot, usually Sacre, in order to grab more rebounds and have some interior defense.   That's why it seems like every single game there's a new player starting at the PF spot.
Leland Wong::Kaman is too slow for D'Antoni's system.
Steven Kim::Sacre isn't exactly light speed either.  He's barely faster than Kaman, if that.   Hill is noticeably faster than Kaman, since he's young, so you would think he's the perfect PF to start in MDA's "system", yet look at the box score tonight.   Hill didn't start and has only played 11 mins so far.
John Davis::Kendall Marshall - Do we have a PG? Best numbers from a PG in a long time.  Lets see what's happens next game.
Jerry Morgan::Former UNC point guard. Lakers should keep him
Travis Pavich::Yeah baby. This win solidifies us as the favorites to win the NBA championship.  Randy Dixon and typical Faker fans everywhere.
Jesse Hiatt::Jazz are just off tonight. Getting a lot of open shots, they're just all missing, and there's a clear last of energy in their step. Oh well, after the Lakers got embarrassed by the Bucks I didn't think this was a game the Jazz were going win, the Lakers were going to fight too hard. Luckily for the Jazz, a loss is beneficial cause we've won too much lately lol
Cory Gardley::the Jazz are 11-27 they've been off all season lmfao wtf are you Utah fans smoking i need some of that
Jesse Hiatt::Cory Gardley The Jazz were without multiple starters for 11 of those games with an entirely new team. Since Trey Burke and Marvin Williams have been back, fully healthy, starting and playing together, the Jazz's record is 10-14, not great but about as good as the Lakers record. The Jazz have also won 7 of their last 13 games lol If you don't know what you're talking about, stop talking Cory cause you're just making yourself look stupid to though who have actually done the effort lol
Cory Gardley::Jesse Hiatt The Lakers have been injured all year and we loss 6 games straight because we were playing with no pg then a injured Farmar who re injured himself no excuses tho but you guys suck... Burke is overrated he plays off ball alot and Hayward is the point-Forward, Marvin Williams is a bum that never lived up to the hype of being the number 2pick in the draft, Favors has no post moves,Gordan hayward your best player. Utah can't shoot, yall should've kept Milsap and let Katner go,and your bench is garbage.... I didn't even know Utah actually had fans yall will never win a championship in your or my lifetime
Joseph Swain::time to "blow this team up like boston did" there"s too many good young teams in the west in front of you lakernation. your best player Kobe is old and injury prone. blow the team up be patient and rebuild. you"ve got 16 nba titles. boston has 17. no other team in the nba is going to catch the lakers or the celtics in titles or greatnest any time soon or ever. the lakers and celtics are the greatest nba teams of all time. let the Heat ,the bulls,spurs play catch-up for the next 75 years for it will be a long time befor they do. besides in the next 75 years , the celtics and lakers will have won even more titles. P.S. I am a celtic fan with great respect for the lakers.....GO CELTICS AND LAKERS!
Brenton Saylor::If you can like both the celtics and lakers there is something mentally wrong with you.
Joseph Swain::I said I have great respect for the Lakers Brenton not like them.
Brenton Saylor::Joseph Swain .... My bad. I just seen the " GO CELTICS AND LAKERS! " Which tells me that you like the Celtics and Lakers.
Josh Jordan::I'm actually surprised that Mike D'Antoni hasn't made any "The season starts today" Statements the entire season despite all the losses
Mike Hermansen::I'm so torn. I want to see the Jazz do well but I also want to see them get the best draft picks possible this year. But when you play the Lakers, you have to put that all aside and beat them.
Cory Gardley::Jazz suck
Rene Covarrubias::i need this game to go over 194 so my 7 team parlay hits, this is the only game that i got left to hit on my bet and its not a good start from these teams
Darius Campbell::what u like tonight
Randy Dixon::The jazz are on year 30 of rebuilding give them another 30 years and they might actually have a decent team
Francis Gagné::Thanks Lakers got 20+ pts lead in the first quarter. We need to lose, we play for .500 since Trey is back. Utah got 26 playoffs appearance in their last 29 years... we got decent teams.
Adam Youman::Francis Gagné yea last 30 years the jazz have been phenominal..'97 and '98 ring any bells?
Francis Gagné::Adam Youman Nothing to complain about. Utah is not a big market like L.A. For us the fans, to do playoffs so many years, doesnt really matter to get a real bad season. Future is bright with the coming draft and our young talented team. Lakers should make a move to trade Gasol and get draft picks for this year.
Mike Dixon::Yeah, it's just the Jazz, but we can't be getting all boojie about Ws this season.
Shoot Jung::why jazz are deliberately losing? i'm starting to hate this game now.
Cory Gardley::the Lakers are better than the Jazz
Shoot Jung::better? they are the worst team at the moment. if jazz lose today, then we should understand this game was pre-fixed.
Cory Gardley::Shoot Jung your crazy the Jazz has no dominate player your best player is Gordan Hayward if the lakers play Wesley Johnson on him you guys have nothing your only hope is offensive rebounds because you guys can't shoot
Andy P Kordyban::I just wanted to congratulate the Raptors on another big win.
Zach Batizy::Lakers might pull off the upset
Cory Gardley::the Jazz are worse than the Lakers
Shawn Bento::Kendall Marshall > Chris Paul
Jimmy Diaz::Paul w/ his separated shoulder > marshall. lol
Cory Gardley::don't be stupid Marshall is average i need to see more
Yoram Farokhzadeh::LAKERS WIN TONIGHT
Travis Pavich::Marshall is the next Stockton. I am surprised the Dubs dumped him. O'Well, he came to us, and has immediately made us champions. Nobody can beat us know. 2014 NBA Champions Los Angeles Lakers. Parade down Figuora this June baby. No doubt in my mind. In fact, I am driving to Vegas in the morning to put my life savings, my wife's life savings, and my kids college funds on the line because I know their is no way possible anybody beats the Lakers. No way.   Randy Dixon and Faker fans everywhere!
Kyle James Maclellan::You got issues.
Leland Wong::The Lakers actually have a good nucleus of young players and Pau can still play. D'Antoni just need to upgrade his coaching.
Hugo Medina::Honestly I want the Lakers to keep losing their is only 3 game difference from the Lakers record to the second worst record in the entire NBA. I would rather have the second or third worst record than the worst seems like those win the lottery more often. Common Lakers play sorry for Jabari.
Steve Furse::I love that the Jazz are tanking, And are still better than the Lakers. I'm with Mike H. Utah needs to lose more games. But you can never give in to the Lakers. Nothing i love more than seeing the Lakers lose.
Jonathan Ascencio::I'd rather the lakers be the worst team in the West by being genuinely bad rather than have a team with talent take the easy way out and tank like the Jazz, but if thats the only way your franchise can bring hope to your team so be it, we got Mitch Kupchak.
Ryan Strebel::Recent reports show that the Lakers are tanking as well!
Nick Astorga::You really don't have a clue of what you're talking about. The Jazz are 10-10 in the past 20 games due in large part to Trey Burke's return and the veteran play. The Jazz's top 5 scorers are 23-years-old and younger. The Jazz decided to let their young guys finally play extended minutes this year, so they could evaluate them and decide if they're worth signing, size of contracts and of course to let them grow and gain experience. They've talked about doing this for a couple of years now and have finally committed to it. If they really were tanking, then they wouldn't be feeding 30 minutes a night to the two veterans Jefferson and Williams who've had a lot to do with their current .500 play.  You're talking about the Jazz tanking when there's a lot of talk that the Lakers might trade for Bynum and full on commit to the tank. Your... team looks like it's wanting to tank more than the Jazz at the moment. Now, if the Jazz decide to trade their veterans Jefferson and Williams to a playoff team before deadline, then we can honestly talk about the Jazz throwing in the towel and tanking on purpose.   I'm a die hard Jazz fan and as much as it pains me to say, I want the Jazz to full on tank. I hope they trade their veterans before the deadline and freaking give Kanter the minutes he needs. Instead, he'll have some amazing game and then Corbin gives him 15 minutes the next game. The Jazz DO need good draft picks to become relevant again. We aren't Los Angeles and never will have that kind of draw, so yeah our teams live in different worlds and need to do what they can, however they can, to compete the best that they can. See More
Anthony Montagwane Mansergh::After an 0-11 Start to their Last game,How will the Lakers start this Game ? I get the Feeling a Kick in the Pants and a Stay at home since that last game MAY just result in a Lakers win
