markshiu::MKG fouled Bargnani at the last attempt. League confirmed: http://www.nba.com/official/
Sonics Fan since 2004::Bobcats 6-4 &gt; Lakers 6-6 LOL
KentuckyAlum2012::6-4 through 10 games. Not a bad start for the Bobcats. I don't think they make the playoffs this year, but they will be competitive. I'm no Rockets fan, but I'd like to know why they let go of Kyle Lowry? This guy is a beast, maybe the most underrated PG in the NBA. Jeremy Lin is solid, but Lowry is better.
Excelscior1::So Kemba may actually be a good NBA player after all?
murfee1::Great example of the leagues whistles are blowing USA they are trying to kill the League in Canada what a joke, just heard grievance will be filed to the NBA who cares though. Raptors are junk, NBA is junk, African Handball is junk. bring on the Blue Jays
Mizzle85::I agree that the game was physical, but the Raptors got away with a lot too. There may have been a little contact but I'm not seeing an overwhelmingly blown call in the last 25 seconds of the game.
Mizzle85::I don't think we're high on the NBA priority list either.
markshiu::The problem with the Raptors was the offensive settings. - Lowry was new to the team, and he is trying to get everyone involved (better the last game). - Jonas was trying to get touches in the paint, and no one can drive if he just rolls hard without setting hard picks (better since last week). - Bargnani wasn't getting his shots at his spots with Lowry.  Against the Charlotte, they showed better team work, and Casey finally made the adjustment of having a shot blocker and go big even against small lineup.  However, it is hard to win when 3 out of 10 games was controlled by the refs.  The Bargnani shot was a clear foul, and they should have video review.  NBA has their priority, and Toronto is not one of them.  This is why Vince Carter, Chris Bosh, and etc want to leave.
Mizzle85::The Fields' signing was questionable as well. Yeah, they need more players that can drain the 3. I'm sure Calderon will be gone soon as he has an expiring contract. If he's not traded, he won't be retained. Yeah, we went through a few years of playing McGuire. He's just not starter material.
murfee1::Calderone, Barganani need to go. Valanciunas looks like an actual big guy player something the Raps havent had since Antonio Davis. Derozan is alright but he cant shoot. They have no small forward Mcguire? who? i understand landry fields and anderson are injured but they are awful as well. its just the same thing. It also doesnt look like a good NBA draft so its just no end in sight.
Mizzle85::It's hard to tell exactly what the issue with the Raptors is. They have solid players all up and down the roster. It may be in their best interest to begin rebuilding around Valanciunas, who I think is going to be a major player. Derozan is ok, but I'm not sure that he's anywhere near the $40 million they signed him for. Ed Davis isn't aggressive enough. I think Bargnani just needs a change of scenery at this point. He's still flourishing, but it's starting to get stagnant like it was in Bosh' last few years. They just got to find a better fit for what they are trying to do. And 19 of the first 25 on the road? Wow. That's ridiculous.
murfee1::i thought the foul on Lowry the drive before was worse than the one on Bargnani. Im not blaming the refs as the Raptors have a lot of issues its just very frustrating up here with no improvement in sight and a brutal start to the schedule with 19 of the first 25 games on the road.
1TruCat::Good block on Bargnani, great lock down D. Go Cats!
markshiu::lol, it was clearly a foul.  Bargnani's release point was clearly higher than any of the defender.
markshiu::League confirmed that it was a missed whistle: http://www.nba.com/official/
Scottsm45::LOL.... you lost, quit crying and get over it.
murfee1::lol
DGoods87::Please review the recap. Andrea Bargnani took the last shot of the game and was blatantly fouled on the hand by Kidd-Gilchrist on the shot. Really no call? this is just depressing you would think the league may have fixed the officiating after the Donaghy fiasco.
Scottsm45::WAAAAAAH :(
robertbennett852::What are the chances of the bobcats going to the playoffs?
DGoods87::Terrible. They have no shot. They need to win at least 40 games to get in. So they have to play .500 basketball the rest of the way. Considering that, I think its a pretty safe bet that they don't get in
Mizzle85::I don't think they will, and I hope they don't (we need more lottery picks), but to say they have no shot while they are 6-4, 5-1 in the last 6 with the only loss being a close one to the hottest team in the league, I just can't agree with. This team is also 5-0 in games decided by 4 points or less. They aren't using their youth as an excuse to lose the close ones.
Mizzle85::Pretty decent actually.
UNCfansince72::MJ is looking pretty good right now (which is subject to change without much notice), as this young team is fragile and could have their confidence shaken by some bad losses.  Citing his reasoning for getting back to basics really makes sense - but Mike Dunlap appears to have instilled "giving a dam.n" about winning in his guys.  I am thoroughly impressed so far.  Keep up the good work guys!
jrhayes92::Agreed! The Bobcats seem to play every game, and I never have to question whether they players are giving 100% or not.
Rdiu::Mike Dunlap is going to win Coach of the year if Bobcats can keep it up.
Leafsfankenny67::Hey Raptors, I will continue to cheer for you. But, PLEASE, get us some WINS. Trust me, if hockey doesnt come back this year, it will be a LONG winter . But you can change that. How???WIN,thats how. Cause once the Blue Jays ,Toronto Rock , and FC are back, unless you win, I will watch you next year. Your NOT the LEAFA so in order for my support, you HAVE to WIN. I know that sounds though,but this is Toronto,which à good minor hockey team will get more attention than you bums. Unless, you WIN.
Leafsfankenny67::Hey , trust me, my opinion of the refs towards the Raptors ,well .......lmfao
markshiu::MKG obviously fouled Bargnani on the last attempt, and how can the Raptors wins more game if the game was decided by the refs.  MKG nor other defenders jumped higher than Bargnani's release point at the last attempt, and the shot wasn't close to hit the rim, it is obviously a foul, and the Raptors feed showed this is the case.
en4cer3009::If they keep winning, I might attend a game or three this year! I'm very impressed with their play so far this season and I'm thankful they continue to play hard. At least they aren't as bad as the Pistons and Wizards.
lbenzcaptain::It looks like that was a smart coach hire by the Bobcats.  Right now.
warrdizzle::keep it going Bobcats!
Mizzle85::CATS BABY!
Blazelover13::Ouch on the 3-point shooting, but still another great win for an improving Charlotte team. Really nice to see this team getting better and building confidence. We have the Wizards to be this season's laughingstock. Go Bobcats!
Dwayne8621::Are you joking me... I saw about 10 fouls in the last 2 minutes that weren't called. The last was on Bargnani's arm... feel good with that win???
tross12-0::Great win , great officiating .... And I am not joking you
Mizzle85::Absolutely. I seen several games last year in our 7-59 season where fouls could've changed the aspect of our season. Had we won 1 or 2 more games, we wouldn't live in the record books. But since those fouls were missed and those games were lost and in the end, we finished as the worst, I share no sympathy when the opposite happens.
Blazelover13::Yes. A win's a win.
famman1968::Been betting with an online system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months. I have made over $3,000 a month now for three straight months since I started following it. This system was on the very first page of Google when I searched terms like Baseball Betting System or Sports Betting System. It is extremely popular and if you have not heard of this system I highly recommend it.
chckn440::dunlap can turn $@%! into gold. COY easy
ChiGuy1002::I agree- Great coaching hire for the Bobcats, for once.
Lofton222726::Charlotte had a good draft this summer. MKG and then getting Jeff Taylor in the 2nd round. 2 guys who know how to defend, and both are contributing immediately. I like in Nashville and kept up with Vandy, so now I've been keeping up with the Bobcats and they have been impressive thus far. Winning close games
Mizzle85::We need all the support we can get.
Braktooth::Just another game the refs give the Raptors no respect. I honestly don't know how they've won ANY games this year with the calls they aren't getting.
jrhayes92::The NBA is holding Toronto down?????? Did you not turn your TV on at all last season..... 7 wins... stop complaining
tross12-0::The league has a conspiracy against the raptors.... They focused the entire off season at Sterns office on ways to keep Toronto down this season.  Give me a break the officiating was all star caliber tonight
QuickChameleon::Boo hoo. Would like some crackers to go with that wine???
panth3rfan4life::I've been reppin the Bobcats since the beginning, so I will reserve my judgment on this team. But I do love the effort and intensity they bring on D!  Hopefully they can continue to improve as the season progresses
Stevejw23::No he's been reppin the Bobcats since Okafor
ChiGuy1002::I noticed you didn't mention the Hornets. I'm guessing you're about 16.
Murray State Overrated::COACH DUNLAP!
mrkennedy23::How about trading Calderon for a competent SF or SG?  Toronto doesn't need him.
JayFLo47::Bobcats is 5th in the East?? wohhh
OSUcowboys358::I want to know why John Lucas III didn't play?!?!?!?!!??!?!!
OSUcowboys358::Ha. Maybe on the eastern conference all star team
Can-I-Get-A-Hot-Tub::Because he's the 3rd PG
FuriousSoundbyte::After the season(s) I've endured over roughly the past decade as a Bobcats fan, most notably last season, I will personally see to it that whoever calls me a bandwagon fan gets... I don't know. Something very unpleasant. I'm a featured columnist on a certain major sports website, and all before this season I wrote about how the Bobcats are a team to watch this season, and every article got laughed at like I was a mental case.  And that was me only saying ~35 wins. At this rate we'll win 45+. Not saying it'll happen, but a severely deprived fan can dream, right? GO CATS!
kiefw15::45+ is a bit optimistic, but I would love for it to happen!! It's nice to watch games and expect to see a W, as opposed to last year hoping they would keep it close. I can see 35 wins and finishing a few games out of the playoffs.
Mizzle85::I write too. I said 30 wins and was laughed at. Laugh now clowns.
nflpro95::Watch out for the Bobcats once we get arguably our best player Gerald Henderson back! Were are gonna be scary good!
CallawaY_x_GolfeR::they're overachieving.. watch out for the mid-season losing streak.. and please don't say scary good yet.. we just won 7 games last season
CallawaY_x_GolfeR::it wouldn't hurt, but no team turning the corner is going to try to lose on purpose.. they might even have a chance to sneak into the playoffs if kemba and mkg keep improving
InCubaWith2Pac14::Yea, they should try to get back in the lottery one more time..
supersportsman123::Not a fan but happy to see this. Even if they didn't get Anthony Davis, it's good that they're getting out of turmoil.
InCubaWith2Pac14::What if the Sixers let Bynum go.. Do y'all think the Bobcats should give him a max deal? If I was Jordan I would take that chance..
Mizzle85::Rich Cho wouldn't do it.
InCubaWith2Pac14::Kemba Henderson MKG Noel or McAdoo(if they get into the lottery) Bynum.
AvengedByCats::I wouldn't take McAdoo on a pro roster. Not a chance.
CallawaY_x_GolfeR::no, bynum shows little passion already.. you think he'd want to come to the bobcats? and he's an injury waiting to happen.. there's no chance they get the lottery this year either
CallawaY_x_GolfeR::no. no no nononononoonononononnonnoooooooooooooooooooooo  never
OSUcowboys358::The raptors need to realize they aren't going to start winning until John Lucas III gets more touches. I would have liked to see him with the ball more down the stretch. He's easily one of the most clutch players in the NBA
clayton_basketball::Is this was football they will contenders
csmithuncw14::every word in that sentence was wrong
CallawaY_x_GolfeR::One more win cats...
Sportsfan61679::Bobcats will be a top 15 team in the Power Rankings
sports guy12::they just need one more win
SoulBrotha7::If the Bobcats keep making this much noise throughout the year, they'll have to start calling them the ThunderCats...
KanedaX9::HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
dickerson1268::GO CATS! Finally giving fans something to talk about. Any fan that sits through Primoz Brezic, melvin ely, missing out on dwight howard, drafting adam morrison, passing on brook lopez for dj augustine, wearing bright orange jerseys, drafting alexis $@%!$ ajinca, trading tyson chandler for erik dampier and eduardo najera, trading crash for scraps and then watching portland trade him for a top 10 pick, sean may, fat boris diaw, signing matt carrol to 7 mil a year, knowing no marquee FA will sign, signin tyrus thomas, and last years record.....deserves to be called a bandwagon fan. we just havent had much room to say anything to anybody. QUEEN CITY CATS!!!!!!
dickerson1268::yup, you never pass up a dime for 2 nickles
MasterWangkee::I still feel the biggest mistake was not trading up for Chris Paul and keeping those 2 picks to draft Felton at 5 and Sean May at 10 or 11.
King of the QC 21::hey guys just posted my recap of the game. Would really appreciate it if you'd take a look at it: http://charlottesportsblog.wordpress.com/
murfee1::Casey and Colangelo its time to go. also will trade bargnani and calderone for a bag of pucks. the refs were awful tonight but i will not blame that
GeorgeTownMan29::Bobcats look so much better with guys like Henderson, Augustin, Carroll, and Tyrus Thomas no longer playing for them
Mizzle85::What? Gerald Henderson is a baller. The rest are scrubs though, no doubt.
FuriousSoundbyte::Sorry, I take a little bit of issue with thist statement.  1 - Henderson is a good player and a great leader. He's an excellent defender, and aslong as he's inside of the three-point line, he can score. He's an adequate passer and rebounder, and he's an excellent defender. This is going to be a much better team when he's back.  2 - Augustin was horrible, no arguments there.  3 - Carroll was there simply for morale purposes, and everyone in the locker room loved him. Basically a coach in a uniform. Didn't play. Wouldn't surprise me if he came back in some sort of coaching capacity in the near future.  4 - Thomas has stepped up big time this year. His interior defense is as good as anyone in the game and he's finally starting to hit his hotspots as far as shooting goes. He's made a big improvement this year.  5 - The real problem with this team last year was relying solely on guys like that. Now that we have Hendo and Thomas, they'll add to the team. The problem last year was having fat slobs like Boris Diaw and DeSagana Diop actually get playing time, and a coach who had given up. The problem last year is that our rookies were raw, we didn't have MKG, we didn't have a great coach, and we didn't make the moves we did this offseason. This team looks great because everyone is fitting in together.
Wiffleballpassion2::Kemba keep up the work. UCONN ALUM.
pride4jc1222::The Bobcats are already just one win away from matching their win total from all of last season.
AvengedByCats::Nice going Captain Obvious
Wiffleballpassion2::LOL
SoWhyYouMadBro::I bet Anthony Davis wish he was a Bobcat now. We cool unibrow we don't want or need your services, we have the Rookie of the Year in MKG.
rbmw263::Bobacts +.500?  Give that coach coy
gasoline417::6-4? Mayans.
.antistratfordian.::What is going on in Charlotte!?  Wow.
cb12490::coaching
CallawaY_x_GolfeR::I also thought he was a steal.. reminded me of a young Iverson.. last year was disappointing, but he's shown he's on the way up now! Go Cats!
MasterWangkee::I always felt he would be the steal of the draft at spot 9 or 10.  I thought he should've been a top 3 pick.  But teams are too scared of shorter players.
MasterWangkee::Walker's game improved drastically after his first year or so at UCONN as well.  He really wasn't dominant until his junior year.  He's a hard worker and a smart basketball player who makes adjustments.
.antistratfordian.::Must be some kinda coach.  Walker is playing a lot better this year as well.
JrueRandallHoliday::Agreed...
ChicagoSportsxl::Wow, the Bobcats are 6-4 this season. Nice way to bounce back after having the worst winning percentage in NBA history. Good luck for the rest of the season.
Tnayshuss::I hope that D-Rose can come back for you guys strong.  Love the humility of that kid.
cb12490::LOOK OUT BULLS WE'RE COMING FOR YA (not really but hey it sounds cool to think about)
ChicagoSportsxl::Haha, I wouldn't be surprised if we lost to you guys though. We haven't really had the best of luck on the offensive end this season.
Big M.A.C::It's a good time to be a Bobcats fan!
CobranamedPedro::nice loved the bobcats from the start, is it a coincidence i like the texans when they started and now look, things will look up quick for these bobcats
Big M.A.C::Ah sick! That's what I call a committed fan :D
Tnayshuss::My wife laughed at me last year because I loved a team that sucked so bad.  Now she goes with me to the games.  hehe.  She is the bandwagon fan now.
Big M.A.C::Sure I'm not a long time fan like when they used to be the Hornets, but I don't join any wagons
cb12490::22K at The Hive gave a standing o after the final buzzer of a 40 point blowout loss to the cavs. charlotte was the original OKC. dangit benson, change new orleans' name already
Tnayshuss::I was in middle school when the Hornets came about 88-89 baby, Robert Reid, Rex Chapman, Kurt Rambis, and Kelly Tripucka. 20 wins were never as sweet as that first year.
Big M.A.C::lol you wish bro, been a fan since the Okafor, Wallace and Felton days
AvengedByCats::Okafor, Wallace, and sometimes Felton were solid.
junoNCAL::bandwagon
Sir Gunner::uR A JELLYFISH.
Tnayshuss::Thank you so much for saying this.  Last year I kept saying I can't wait untill I get called a bandwagon Bobcat fan.  :)
cb12490::salty
cb12490::last year diop was airballing free throws...this is fun...
Tnayshuss::LOL
Tnayshuss::A couple games ago Diop got a steal and then a block on consecutive possesions.  Mayans.
cb12490::Diop was in the game. Mayans
TCluvcarpanthers::Puts everything in perspective.
