msdavid12::i hope "heat are the best ever 3" is watching his "team" get beat by a true team. kobe is showing them why 5 rings looks like
scottpilgrim36::See what happens when Odom plays?? The Mavs win. not that he did much but now that he's back, maybe the locker room issues are finished and we can take care of business. Thundercats on Monday. Lets beat them down. Go Mavs GO
oa92000::European players are far better than black players here  Dirk, 21 shots , 40 points in 28 mins last night...black players are so overrated
BarkBarkForPig::who was asking?
harvardandchicagobulls::who scores 41 in the 4th and loses?
boom.shaka.::Teams that score 16 in the 2nd?
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
BarkBarkForPig::-14 from Harris, +8 for Watson.. Whyyyyy take Earl out with 2 minutes left????
JosePabloMontoyas_Car::sad, having problems with a below 500 team. 1st round exit loss for the Mavs against the spurs LOL . People already forgot the mavs won it last year except their fans... LOLOLOL losers.
netjunkie88::No trouble with the Spurs last time we played 'em.
Tams92::Your jaw must hurt from the amount of crap that comes out of it. You should take a break.
nflprimetime32::funny how Lamar Odom has played terrible, looks like he could care less about playing, and yet has managed to receive two standing ovations this season for not doing $@%!
tarumpaw::the kardashian is leaving him. he really shouldn't have sulked when the no-trade happened.
Kennyprager::Dallas beats a tired Utah team that just beat the Heat by a whole 6 points......not that impressive!!!!  Especially considering it took 40 points for Dirk to get it done.....Dallas is/was a ONE HIT WONDER...enjoy that championship....because unless you get lucky enough to get D Howard and D Williams you are an old team that is DONE!!!!
netjunkie88::Heard all this last year. Try some new insults - these don't work anymore.
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::lol what is up with you laker fans and alway coming into Mavs board talking sh.it. It seems like fans from every team that got beat by the Mavs from last season in the playoff come to mavs boards to remind us we have no chance. LMAO  Last I checked this season was supposed to be a year when Mavs free cap space and sign big time free agents like Dwill and Dwight Howard and even they said they wanted to play for the Mavs since they have the best owner in all sports Mark Cuban. The Mavs are still doing good considering it is a rebuilding year and 22-16 is a pretty good start for the defending champs. I remember the 07 heat and they were in worse position then the Mavs after winning the nba title. Stop hating bro cause you know Mavs scare you or you wouldn't be here to talk nonsense.
MavsNation92::That no look pass by Jason Kidd to Shawn Marion was sweet.
mavericksfan071::good game for the mavs tonight. nice to see that dirk can still score 40. this team will be a tough out in the playoffs.
Kennyprager::Key word OUT....in the playoffs!!!
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::Yea just like the Lakers last season in the 2nd round  SWEPT 0-4
EMCanada::Utah's only quality road win this season was against Memphis. (That is a win against a team record better than .500 at home) This scares me if we sneak into the playoffs, because if the Jazz ever manage to do anything with a playoff series they will have to be road warriors to do so. The number of teams that can do that feels frustratingly small to me as someone who enjoys watching upsets and cheering for the underdog.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::we beat Denver on the road you retar^d
BarkBarkForPig::I don't wanna make the playoffs, isn't our first round pick top 14 protected? so if we make the playoffs we don't get it
Phat_Freida_Bosh::LOLOL!  Don't worry my friend. You ain't making the playoffs.
t casey::Lamar knows best. You can't hold onto a Kardashian in the D-League.
Garrett7872::$250 Fantasy Basketball Free Roll League Tomorrow! - Pick Your Team Now http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=jb
oa92000::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifhppk-JRyU top 10 play by the Chinese NBA player - Yi Jianlian.  that guy can play!! Not getting time
t casey::He's another one of those guys that only seems to get garbage minutes, yet everytime I see him play he seems to shine.
I pwned all::off to sleep GN my fellow Mavs fans and NBA fans
RickyWolfio::Love got more points than nowitzki!
lovedgun::2 more points with almost 15 more minutes played. yeah, great job, love.
mbatkiew::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eOmJF7CmZ4  Haha, when they make fun of the Heat it's the best.
SPORTSGURU2001::Thats how a real MVP closes a team out, he doesnt leave it to the final posession
rgthunder::That's nice...Jazz have won 3 games on the road all year.
Poop_Deck_Captain::Cant wait til the mavs dont get deron or dwight and mark cubans like "oh $@%! now what?".........
mbatkiew::They're getting both. Hopefully. Maybe. I'm not even a Mavs fan.
I pwned all::At this point I won't mind if Howard gets traded to Chicago, cause he might join NJ if Orlando don't trade him and Deron is def coming to Dallas w/o D12. That way My favorite Team and my fav team in the East can both beat the Heat
Manak25::lamar played well tonight.
BNS224::German Gunner way too much. I think Utah should trade Joesph Smith for Dirk Nowitzki.
bacapo24::if you ever even took the time to get to know someone who is Mormon you would like them, and see that we arent weirdos, i gurantee that. sorry that we have annoying byu fans making us all look bad. ask Blake Griffin. his girlfriend is Mormon, hot and normal.
BarkBarkForPig::I prefer comedy that only requires simple minded wits.. Like puke. That's a funny word
mbatkiew::I gave you a like because I thought the Joseph Smith thing was funny.
BNS224::Awesome usually people don't get my comedy. It is over their simple minded wits.
JeremyGoogLIN::Who each team should draft - http://hoopsgrind.com/2012/02/25/blogging-through-ncaa-saturday-2-25-12/
Wanna Be Harvard Grad.::Go Harvard
Poop_Deck_Captain::Mavs need to keep stinking it up so their pick they gave to LA is lower, Rootin hard for a season ending injury for dirk.
Kennyprager::Rootin hard for Poopdeck to have a season ending injury.....Hope the Lakers pick is a good one!!!!  mbatkiew.....First of all....to clue you in on a few things:  Shaq's number is being RETIRED by the Lakers next season....Shaq is a Benedict Arnold...playing for the hated Celtics....Shaq spoke a lot of trash near the end and forced Jerry Buss' hand to deal him or Kobe........Shaq is an arrogant jerk.....While I as a Lakers fan appreciate his services.......he did not leave in good terms.....
DKizzy::Gotta keep my game tight like Kobe on game night. I'm happy for Lamar, he was getting a lot of flack, some deserving some not. When you are married to a kardash you will always have stress and drama thats for sure.
I pwned all::Kobe= Most Overrated Player in NBA History. Is he a great player? Yes but do any other Elite Player's miss 11 shots every 9 makes? No
oa92000::black player does not know how to shoot...
nunya1218::Haha, yeah.. Heat fans are in a class of their own.
I pwned all::With Lakers long tradition there are def  more diehard Lakers fans than Heat Fans who are mostly......
nunya1218::I agree. Too many spoiled, fair weather fans in this city. But, there are plenty of reasonable diehard fans as well.
I pwned all::I just always think that Laker fans doesn't appreciate Gasol enough. Kobe was one foot out the door when lakers traded for Gasol, and what happened? 3 stright Finals appearances and 2 Titles. Kobe can win you guys alot of games, but he can also lose you guys a lot of games. He shoots sth like 7-22 way too often, but when he does somehow Gasol is the one who got the most criticism
nunya1218::There are plenty of Lakers fans who do undervalue Gasol and want him gone. Lakers fans like myself get mad about that type of stuff though.
nunya1218::Gasol played great on those title teams, but no way was he more valuable than Kobe. I almost always give Gasol the benefit of the doubt and understand his importance to those titles. I'll admit I did get down on him after his performance in last season's playoffs, but I think he deserved a lot of criticism. As did Kobe and the rest of the team.
I pwned all::I can't understand how is always Gasol's fault when he is consistant 18 and 11 shooting high %
I pwned all::But Gasol always gets undervalued. He had the better series against boston in the Finals, but who get the mvp? I can understand Kobe getting it because he's the leader, but most laker fans always throw Gasol under the bus when things don't go rite and never blame Kobe
nunya1218::I think he's #2 among shooting guards. probably either 9 or 10 when considering all positions. and he can always move up before all is said and done depending on whether or not he can win another title.
nunya1218::Shaq was without a doubt the best player on that team. I think just as many people undervalue Kobe's contributions on those three peat teams as overvalue them.
I pwned all::He's top 15,def Top 10 and ahead of Dirk when it's said and done. but most people think he's number 2 behind Jordan. That makes him overrated. and shooting % is the single most important element in judging a scorer.
mbatkiew::Kobe's great. Maybe a top-5 player of all-time, probably more like a top-10 player of all-time. What I don't like, however, is how the Laker fans have completely disowned Shaq, one of the greatest bigs to ever play the game. They want to rewrite history with Kobe getting an equal share in Shaq's three-peat. But they need to go check those stats and watch those games again, Shaq was DOMINATING back then, Kobe was nothing more than an asterisk on Shaq's dominance.
nunya1218::It's not all about shooting percentage. That's all I'm going to say. Most people in the know consider him a top 10 all-time player in the bottom half. You are more than entitled to your opinion.
tonyssoprano::Time for the Troll Heat fan to go to bed before her Mommy Notices she's not in bed....
jharrison2090::Worse Lakers troll fan
nunya1218::Classy dude
jharrison2090::He is just trolling.
bamafan1980331::"Rootin hard for a season ending injury for dirk."  - You're a trash NBA fan
nunya1218::Haha.. fair enough
mbatkiew::You're alright nunya1218, I regret my "Lakers stole Gasol" post now, even if I do believe it's completely true.
nunya1218::Pft. I'm a Lakers fan. Don't group us all together with this guy. And about the Gasol trade.. it's obvious now that it was a fair deal. Just took the Grizzlies longer to realize the returns which was the intent. It was a trade intended for the future on Memphis' end
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::On a "season ending injury" that might hamper his performance for years to come?
Poop_Deck_Captain::hey at least i didnt say career ending, just want him to have some time off to eat brats and discriminate against jews or whatever they do.
mbatkiew::Nah, just a typical Laker fan. They can't do anything the legitimate way, remember when they stole Pau Gasol for his 2nd-round drafted, stashed away in Europe brother and called it a "fair deal"? Meanwhile, the rest of the NBA didn't even know Gasol was on the block and Jerry West was advising the Griz organization at the time. These kinds of sketchy situations are the only way the Lakers win titles.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Take note Kobe: 41 points on 21 shots is how it's done.  Not 40 points on 40 shots
Kennyprager::Dwayne.....not so long ago Kobe was outscoring Dallas by himself after 3 quarters...too bad Kobe did not finish the game...maybe would have had 85 to 90 points....BTW....wonder how many 40+ point games Kobe has had compared to Dirk.....How about that wonderful game Dirk had the previous night.....Dwayne......such a short memory....
Poop_Deck_Captain::5 rings, take note on that muthafuckaa, get on his level. dirk is at success but kobe is at success to the 5th power.
Kennyprager::The league kissed shaq's assh all those years.....could have easily given Kobe an MVP here or there....
Kennyprager::Poop....you are right...Magic Johnson is the GOAT!!!!
I pwned all::MJ=Greatest all time I stated watching NBA as a Bulls fans during the MJ era when I was just 7
Poop_Deck_Captain::mj is the goat
I pwned all::Kobe was not the GOAT the first 3 rings that's all I'm saying
Poop_Deck_Captain::the only true thing you said was shaq got the finals mvp, and thats mostly because those east teams had no big men to guard him. Kobe got them there in so many series.
I pwned all::He got the first 3 basically because of Shaq. Kobe first 3 finals series was like 20 point per game on 40% shooting and many TO's why did you think Shaq was 3 times FInals MVP?
Texas10056::Dirk would've had those 3 titles if he had Shaq too.
jharrison2090::Did you see the score and how many minutes did he play.?
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::dsupertech Think about it. You can't go to 1 message board and the Heat not be mentioned.   ---------  That's because Heat fans spend more time on oppositions board then their own.
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::Dirk scores 40 points in 29 minutes. UNBELIEVABLE. Dirk is a BEAST!!!
jharrison2090::Dirk gets no assist because he is the #1 # 2 and #3 scoring option.
AlejoTorresPR::Because before he even catches the ball hes already shooting.
I pwned all::Because he's playing off the ball, and don't have the ball in his hands most of the times like other scorers
mbatkiew::I want to see some cool trades this trade deadline.
Poop_Deck_Captain::dwight and deron to la for luke walton, thatd be cool
AlejoTorresPR::Love or hate Lebron last night he made a play perfectly that usually is set for Bosh in a normal pick and roll play drawn out by coach Spo when Haslem bricked the shot. Lebron did not blame the coach nor did he blame Udonis nor did he blame Wade who was no where to be found in the play or the rebound. He took sole responsibility for the play, the miss and even the loss. The Heat have as many loses as you favorite teams and even less so. Lebrick shooting 50% and 0 turnovers in the last 2 games. Why not complain about Wade? Rested Jazz beat them by a point and yet could not beat the cold Mavs. Lebron is up there with Rose as the only active players who care about team first
I pwned all::I actually thought he made the rite play. I actually like Lebron more than selffish Kobe. Atleast he's a team player, but i can't stand Wade the flopper and banwagon heat fans
I pwned all::lol He miss the game winning 3 in  game 2 of the finals last year and flopped to the floor covering his eyes as if anyone foul him.
mbatkiew::Agreed. Worst fans in the NBA and this:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFA5vSjvzGk
mbatkiew::I hate Lebron and I think it was a decent play. There were three guys between him and the rim, it was a decent play. Who cares?
EatmyShitBraunYouphockinjewbag::The media is making this guy out to be some sort of cancer or something. I havent heard one Maverick player complain about him. This is one of many "made-up" media stories...another example of espn pushing their agenda.
mbatkiew::Nah, Odom sucks. I can understand going through everything he went through and not being able to handle it. But why is he on a reality show? To dramatize all of it so he can make money off of his personal struggles? What an a$$-clown.  Plus, how are they making it up if Carlisle came out and said that he's tired of Odom's sh*t?
cellus24::Dirk was talking about lamar odom's return. He didn't sound to happy about the whole thing but it still was a good interview http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Tcx3LMRN9k&amp;feature=channel
dsupertech::Think what you want about the Heat and LeBron, but they are making the NBA right now. ESPN, NBA, and mostly all the major networks will air a Heat game for the ratings. Like'em or Hate'em they are driving the League right now.
dsupertech::Think about it. You can't go to 1 message board and the Heat not be mentioned. Hell, before haltime of every Heat game, there are already 5000+ post. The Heat Index, Skip Bayless, every talking head from here to Tim Buk Tuu has something to say about LeBron or the his teammates. Everyone has an opinion about them and not just serious basketball fans. David Stern is no slouch in marketing a Brand. Contraversy sells and that team, LeBron especially, gets people talking and discussing. Even you guys debate emphatically about them. You can't help it. That's why they will be driving the NBAs success for years to come.
justinkm19::I would rather watch the Mavs
Sealanta Vegas::Driving the NBA, I would rather watch the Clippers or Thunder
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Nope. They are only a portion of what's driving the league.
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::No one gives a sh.it about the Heat. A crappy NFL game between the browns and seahwaks produces higher ratings then the NBA
I pwned all::It's funny how people say Dirk doesn't rebound. He's avg in 100 playoff games is 25.5ppg  11reb. He clearly rebounds when it matters!
The Amazing Chef MN6::DIRK SUCKS!
The Amazing Chef MN6::nope love is
mbatkiew::Not yet he's not.
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::Best PF in the game
I pwned all::Dirk&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;poo&gt;you
AlejoTorresPR::Dirk tonight 40 point 0 assists. Thats how you win dont pass  ~~Kobe
I pwned all::When kobe scores 40 points he take 35 shots what's your point?
nunya1218::He could shoot a bit less though when he's cold. The Lakers need him to score though
nunya1218::yep, 3rd among shooting guards. only DWade and Ray Allen are higher
nunya1218::not really. his shooting pct is right where is should be as a shooting guard. think he's 3rd or 4th in the league in FG% among shooting guards.
I pwned all::And he shoots way too much when his cold, just like AI
I pwned all::He had his moment, but the truth is that Kobe's shooting % is the lowest among players who people think is Elite
nunya1218::he averaged over 35 ppg on 27 attempts per game that season. next season 31.6 ppg with under 23 attempts per game.
I pwned all::how abt we talk abt season avg and not game avg? oh wait we can't have an avg with one game
nunya1218::how about 81 pts on 46 attempts? ha
Sealanta Vegas::0 asts yeah I believe Jason Kidd is the Point Guard not Dirk...
mbatkiew::Yeah, that's exactly the lesson that I'd expect Kobe to take away from this.
I pwned all::lol
PlayaMade5::Dirk is a Ball-Hog....  ~Kobe Bryant.
msdavid12::plus, that's like saying love is a rebound hog because he gets 20+ rebounds consistanly
I pwned all::taking 24 shots per game when you're shoting just 44% and have Gasol and byum on your team shooting 50% is not very smart basketball
PlayaMade5::Ok, but ppl knock Kobe for scoring and not passing, saying he is going for a scoring title, like he hasn't had that before
msdavid12::ball-hog? anyone that can score 82 in a game is a ball-hog
I pwned all::He made it to 2 Finals without an allstar beside him when Byrant was the 8 seed in the west
PlayaMade5::Lol, thats fine seeing that most of them years they were 5-10 games in the playoffs....so it isn't that impressive,
I pwned all::That's why all the leading assist players are pg than sg rite? how ignorant can you be
mbatkiew::Dirk was shooting 68% tonight. When Kobe shoots that, he's off the hook for dishing out assists.
I pwned all::btw Dirk's number in the playoff is 25.5ppg and 11 reb.one of the the Best rebounding PF in playoffs
PlayaMade5::scoring is scoring, he is a 7 footer avg just 1 more rebound than Kobe.....weak
I pwned all::Dirk is scoring playing off the ball. Kobe is scoring with the ball in his hands all the time. Do you even watch NBA?
PlayaMade5::so, both scorers, and Dirk don't Rebound like a PF....he is one of the weakest rebounders ever.
I pwned all::Dirk is a FORWARD not a GUARD that handles the ball all the time like kobe
world series in boston::dirk a power forward.  kobe is a guard
I pwned all::Kobe is King of bricks and airballs  -Dirk
PlayaMade5::at least he had some assist.....Dirk scores 40 with NO ast, it that was Kobe, ppl be having a field day.
Anthony Davis Eyebrow::Lebron had more points in the 4th by himself yesterday, than the thunder had today.  Lebron = MVP.  Durant averages less assists than Melo and Kobe.  Lebron shoots way higher FG% Best statistical year in NBA history.
Sealanta Vegas::Let's not talk Oscar Robinson, Magic Johnson, or Wilt Chamberlain..
mbatkiew::Sure, Lebron deserves it (unless you make the argument that he has another top-3 player on his team and another top-15 player, which I don't) but that really doesn't mean anything for his career. The way Lebron positioned and marketed himself, he has to win multiple championships or else his career is a bust.
nunya1218::Without a doubt. And after his run with Wade, he'll have to win at least one title as the undisputed best player on the team eventually to be considered top 10 all-time
BigDtown09::That eyebrow is crazy.
world series in boston::how did that game end?  i forget the last 10 seconds
nunya1218::jordan's 35 8 8 season is hands down the greatest individual season ever. I think the only other two players you can make an argument for are Wilt and Oscar
world series in boston::yeah.  lbj cant hit crap at end
nunya1218::Haha, that last play was very forgettable
I pwned all::and Jordan is clutch unlike lechoke
I pwned all::No Jordan had a 35  8  and  8 season shooting 50%
jharrison2090::Lebron is afraid to shoot game winners in the All-Star game, how is he supposed to do it in the finals. This isnt something he can snap out of. He is having some serious mental issues.  I guess Dirk put that fear in him!
Sealanta Vegas::10 yrs to become a clutch player that's not proving anyone wrong, LeBron James currently is a last second clutch "joke" choke of the NBA
dsupertech::i don't think so. he's got 10 years if he stays healthy to prove you wrong. its ok to joke, just don't believe in your own kool-aid. remember Dirk used to be considered soft and couldn't get it done.
world series in boston::is the troll gone
adam_keefe_fan_forever::I hate it when they leave under the guise of "gonna go bang a girl" when he really means "let my mom kiss me good night".
I pwned all::I lol'd
world series in boston::for all u troll heat fans  i will shut up when u guys get a ring.  lebron "not 6, not 7, 0 rings"
AlejoTorresPR::Heat have a ring. You mean Lebron and in that case he still has many years to go before he gets desperate like Barkley or Malone.
nunya1218::Even if the Heat 3-peat, which is not going to happen, I still wouldn't even put them top 5 best teams ever. Jordan's Bulls, Kobe and Shaq three peat Lakers(first two titles), showtime Lakers, Bird's C's, bad boy Pistons. Would still rank all of those above them even if they can win multiple titles.
adam_keefe_fan_forever::They may 3-peat with Finals losses. Embarrassing ones at that.
nunya1218::Depends how quickly they can build around DWill and Dwight if they get both. In a couple seasons they'll be a serious threat
AlejoTorresPR::Darn then they shouldnt lose to the Nets right?
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Oh I have no doubt it will be the Bulls in the Finals from the easy...I mean east. The Heat won't get past them.
nunya1218::nothing would be more satisfying other than them missing the Finals altogether
mbatkiew::You don't think my Bulls can beat them to get into the Finals? The Heat barely beat them (by four points) in Miami and our second most important player was out. If Rip knocks down shots like he was brought in to do, that Heat-Bulls series gets really good. Besides, all of those ECF games were close besides the first one where the Bulls blew them out by 20 points.
dlanigan23::the Heat havent won 1 yet..........lets hold the 3 peat talk until it actually happens then revisit the conversation
nunya1218::I agree... I'm just saying even if they do all that. Not even close to the best team ever assembled
world series in boston::what about bill rusell
nunya1218::Those were great teams.. obviously very dominant. But, too hard to compare that era. A few of those teams might rank ahead as well.
saiem::Dirk just dropped 40...WOW.
NOLA Sports::what's wrong with your face dude it looks like you just saw the ark of the covenant
van.muhle::heat are the best ever 3 i have slept with over 10 women idiot ----------------------------------------------- that would only make sense if tranny hookers counted for 11
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::Heat = 2 and a half Superstar  Next Season the real Big 3 will emerge
world series in boston::officials ring tally: robert horry- 7  derek fisher- 5 adam morrison- 2 brian scalabrine-1 lebron- 0
AlejoTorresPR::Yet when Hall of Fame comes for all those players you will only remember one of them.
AlejoTorresPR::Why oh why can you not get Lebron out of your mind? This is not even a Heat forum nor a Lebron forum and they did not even play today. Thats his impact. love him or hate him you still have to mention him among those who have succeeded if not just to compare.
world series in boston::horry for 7 or lebron for 0.  ill remember lebron when he gets 1
heat are the best ever 3::isorry losers, gott go bang a girl right now f@gs
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Silly heat fan, you probably haven't even had a nocturnal emission yet. Lol.
dlanigan23::i just came in here cause im a laker fan and wanted to see how lamar did.................this heat guy just put a smile on my face
heat are the best ever 3::cant believe how g@y u guys are
msdavid12::it's probably his half sister bc his mom slept with every guy in the city
dlanigan23::yes you do..........it says you like this............your liking your own comments hahahhahahaha.......oh man thats incredible
mbatkiew::Just don't reproduce. Seriously, we don't need any more, "go read a book" idiots out there.
adam_keefe_fan_forever::I think people like him can't reproduce.
heat are the best ever 3::already made u idiot
I pwned all::stop liking your own commets, go away noone likes you
I pwned all::that's why all of your commets have 1 like? lmao ok I believe you
world series in boston::yeah u do
heat are the best ever 3::i dont idiot
world series in boston::probably bangin his sister
I pwned all::That's sad-.-
heat are the best ever 3::ur sister
Drewster2009::dirk had 40 in only 29 minutes... wow
