Richard::Knicks played really well this game and lost the game in regulation when Shumpert fouled on the 3 point attempt. They lost in regulation because they had no chance in the overtime.  The look of disgust from Carmelo and JR after the foul was called was a telling sign of the overtime result and the on the floor leadership the Knicks have.  Sure it was a boneheaded play but you have an overtime to play and chance to pick your teammate up.  Instead, you get looks of disgust.   Not a good look for a team with high hopes in the playoffs.
Yarboro::60 win team possibly if they can stay healthy. I think it will come down to the Pacers and Heat for an  Finals appearance. Out the west I have no idea.
RC::nice try knicks but paul george is a beast. people complain about carmelo shooting too much which he does, but the rest of the team is basically trash. j.r. smith misses a wide open 3 in the 4th that would have made the crowd go crazy & nobody but carmelo can really hit shots when it matters, and he can't hit enough. udrih scored some but gave up 23 to george hill which should have been more.
Got Mashed Potatoes::Wow, is the East top-heavy! You've got 2 title contenders at the top, a pretty good Bulls team and then there are going to be 5 playoff teams that have no business being there. Who is even going to be the No. 4 seed? Atlanta, Charlotte, Toronto? This is a new low in terms of the number of bad teams in the East.
Jules::Carmelo needed 28 shots to get 30 points, tonight Lebron needed 11 shots to get to 21 points. Carmelo's team loses while Lebron's team wins by like 30, without Dwayne Wade, and with no Heat player logging 30 minutes. Now you tell me why Carmelo will never escape the 2nd round.
Travis J::The Pacers haven't played well in the first half of pretty much all their games this year, it's the second half were they dominate...
Oliver::Thank God Jeremy Lin is no longer in that pile of dung called the Knicks. Or they will be blaming everything on Lin at this point.
fcbonilla::I am a Heat fan and Heat season ticket holder for nine years, but I can honestly say that I enjoy watching the Indiana Pacers play. They are truly a complete well-rounded team. They have good core players, good role players, an awesome coaching staff and a great defense mindset.  Whenever the Heat play against the Pacers I know that this is the best match-up in the NBA. Forget about the OKC Thunder, the Chicago Bulls and the LA Clippers. The Indiana Pacers are it.   I look forward to seeing them play when they come to Miami. I of coarse, will root for my Miami Heat, but I just wanted to say how much I respect the Indiana Pacers.
Yarboro::Way to regroup Indiana.
Charles D::I think there's no denying now that Paul George is a legitimate all-star caliber player. I'll give it about two more years before he reaches superstar status.
