Truth Be Told::God JR is such a ball hog! Stop forcing up so many low percentage shots! Wait why is everyone looking at me funny? What's everyone laughing at?  -Carmelo Anthony
RipeMango::Melo reaps what he sows.   He orchestrated the firing of D'Antoni and put in place a puppet-master to do his bidding, including getting rid of Lin and hand-picked his assembly of failures and has been especially Felton.   Last seasons NYK had a horse shoe up their collectively behind by living by the 3's in a weaker Eastern Division.  But as we saw, when all the chips are on the table, they barely got past the aging Celtics without their star PG Ranjo - which was about the only team Knicks could've beaten in the post season.
Gotham::Just heard the word on NY sports radio that the Knicks made a terrible mistake of letting Lin go. w the knicks r stuck with players who love to sit pretty tweeting & smoking refers, not dedicated to play hard tuff knick ball. Woodson, you & your baby boy JR need to go.
Jersey Boy::So what's tonight's excuse?? You damn right NY fans are very knowledgeable about our basketball. e know James Dolan the owner of the NY Knicks is an incompetent #$%$. We are also know the Knick players are a collection of chumps. Heartless, punk, gutless collection of over paid selfish & not very good basketball players. The only part I can't wrap my mind around is how naïve the people are who pay a future each night the Knicks stink up the garden. Its a small fortune to attend an event at MSG. The average Main St. guy can't afford to take his kid to a game without doing without for his family during that month.  Well folks here is the gods honest truth... The New York Knicks will never never ever ever win while James Dolan remains the owner of the NY Knicks. This year 2013-14 will be a disaster for the New York Knicks. The team is built by to lose.  Now we have another jerk off running the Team - Mills - second round.  SHAMEFUL
G B E M M Y!::NY fans are the most unreasonable ppl.  Fire Woodson!  Trade Melo!  and then what?! You guys fail to acknowledge the biggest problem.  your 20 mil franchise player is playing 7 mins per night on a bum leg.  get ahead trade melo as see if anybody is coming to broadway to deal with this unreasonable expectations.  oh yea k love is the target now, another star to run out of town.
Marcoantonio::NY fans are quite knowledgeable. So they have to know this team is going to be playing golf in June, right?
The Mighty Rearranger::Wow, another great performance from j.r. smith.
M Phillips::Mike Woodson needs to tell Carmelo and J.R. to lay off the horse challenges during the game. It's not working.
Jackt::Knicks really miss Chandler.  Although he isn't much of an offensive threat, he's  a very good defender who can protect the middle.  But, even when Chandler comes back, the Knicks seem to be a .500 team.   The problem is all the top teams in the East improved from last year, but the Knicks took a step backwards.
Ronald::8 players in double figures for the winning team. Team basketball with less talent wins the ball game.
