William Hendricks::"I get paid to shoot the ball. I never said anything about making them"  - Harden
Mark Antonio::"I get paid to guard nobody..." - J Harden
Chaan Epps::the rockets are no where near the talent of Indiana. they have no D.
Paul Gliori::The Pacers are a fun team to watch..
Seth Peckinpaugh::George> Harden
Laree Williams::I was gonna like this post only to find out I did last night lol
Van Gibson::Harden is a good 2nd or 3rd option, his stats are inflated because he is the number 1 option..He's a bit overrated in my opinion.
Sean Eberly::3 mistakes in the highlight reel:  1. Scola played for the Suns last season 2. Pacers didin't lead by 46 points at one point 3. Pacers won by 33 not 35   Was shaking my head after #2 and i about Lebron flopped out of my chair after #3
Joel Ivan Rodriguez::I think the more appropriate phrase would be, "I about Paul George flopped". His flop in the last heat game was arguably the most obvious to date. He had the announcers laughing at that phantom crap.
Sean Eberly::Joel Ivan Rodriguez Yeah he flopped, but most obvious flop to date goes to Queen James when Tyson Chandler almost gave him a concussion on a midcourt screen.
John Buckel::Granger's back.
Figaro Tsai::As Asik and Lin are traded, Rockets inevitably will become the second Knicks. Harden at best is the last reserve of American Dream Team. Any starter of NBA teams is qualified for it. If Rockets wants to compete for championship, Harden must be traded for player with solid defense, just Iguodala.
Thomas O'Neal::People can talk all they want about the West dominating the East. The Championship will be won by an East team, and everybody knows it.
Ayn Bland::The west will have an easier time winning it if the Pacers make the finals.  The Heat has been a bad matchup for the Thunder in the past.  The Pacers, however, don't have an answer for them.
Thomas O'Neal::Ayn Bland I have no horse in the race. The Celts are very mediocre. the Pacers are VERY capable of beating the Thunder.
Ayn Bland::When did the Pacers last come close to beating the Thunder?
Mark A. Blessing::I hope the intern who voiced the highlight video isn't getting paid.  That's awful.
Andy P Kordyban::Lance Stephenson is so handsome.
Jr Eastwood::he so black hes purple
Antonia May::Jr Eastwood LOLOLOLOLOL
Brian Peterson::Dumb a$$ Rockets thought they were playing the Bulls again tonight..  You actually have to try if you want to play the Pacers..
Zach Skeens::James Harden is going to have nightmares later about Paul George covering him
Josh Schwartz::Possible finals preview right here. Laugh if you want, but the longer the season plays out, the better the Rockets will get and I strongly believe the Pacers are better than the Heat in the East. So, I would LOVE to see this as the Finals this year. Let's go Rockets!
George Jimas::OKC will come out of the west.
Josh Schwartz::Until they can prove it, I don't buy it.
George Jimas::Josh Schwartz what does that even mean lol? they have made it out of the west before, and are playing better than the rockets. what have the rockets proved?
Chad Justice::Dannnny's Baaaaack!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Go Pacers!
Kermit Kiya Hart::Indiana Pacers made it perfectly clear to HC Mchale .. u need Lin in the backcourt, and Asik in the frontline to b contenders
Sardar Zh. Sadykov::agree...hope they amnesty Lin and Indiana Pacers pick him up
Starchild Mothership::Why do rockets fans keep pinning their hope on Lin? He can score sometimes but that's it. This team is the exact same team as the LA Lakers from last year. I wonder what's the common denominator between both?
Quinten Houston::Can't wait to see Granger tonight. If he is even 75% our bench gets a huge boost, which makes one of the deepest teams in the NBA even deeper. PACERS!
John Taylor::granger? lol.  do you forget how lebron james utterly dominated the pacers when granger tried helplessly to stop king james?  granger got so visibly frustrated he was hanging on to lebrons jersey.  youtube it.  but thats not to say granger cant play decent basketball, just that he shouldnt take it personal when failing to stop the king.  few can in the one on one match up with lebron.
Trevor Hennington::John Taylor What the hell are you even talking about, not once did anybody mention Queen James.
Corey Pyle::John Taylor So do you have an opinion on Granger, orr...? LOL. Sounds like someone has had some pent-up aggression for the past TWO YEARS.  Let it go, bro. It was LeBron's fault anyway
Yinan Chen::The only way the Rockets are contending is if they somehow figure out how to trade James Harden for LeBron James.
Marco Paz::Hard-on's best play get a screen switch, dribble and take a 3. That or drive and flop for free throws.
Eric Ross::D Wade: 34 pts vs. Pacers.  Harden: 12 pts vs. Pacers.  I'll take D Wade.
David Morant::If I had Wade and were a GM ... I would trade with you in a millisecond for Harden ... I'll bet any GM in the NBA would also.
Marcleen Bavogui::David Morant ofc u will take harden over an older wade but . no GM will take a 23 years old harden over a 23 years old wade
Eric Ross::David Morant Lol, they wouldn't for this year or next year.  Who's the better player "right now"
Bryan Connor::Ahh yeah the Pacers captain is returning tonight!  #DG33
Agostinho Felisberto::I thought the Pacers captain is Paul George.
Dan Miller::Agostinho Felisberto In a way its David West. Danny Granger was the Pacers for years...PG is taking the throne tho
Bryan Connor::The team voted Granger captain. Thats how much confidence West George Hibbert and the rest of them have for Granger.
David Andaya Palafox::Harden 3-14 is a brick machine this season.
Reng Dong Xie::he is the best SHOOTING guard in the nba. what a joke!!
David Morant::You DO realize tonight was just 1 game right?   Last time I checked, one game isn't a player's whole career. Harden is VERY VERY good.  And hey ... Congrats to George ... He did a great job on Harden tonight. Kudos.
Bronya Vogel::Phil you act like espn is right about everything. When in reality they are wrong 85% of the time. I wouldn't put to much stock in what espn thinks. Anyone that has followed sports for longer then a year knows that about espn
Jazmine Ortiz::now this is a beating
Keith Haemmerle::Good to see Granger back. I thought he was moving well. Had a nice block and was passing the ball. Hopefully as he gets his legs the Pacers bench cuts down on the empty possessions. I thought the Pacers finally played a entire good game, the first since San Antonio. Losing in Miami sucked, but it just illustrates why any team needs the HC advantage against the Heat, they get A LOT of home cooking from the refs.
Scott Auburn::They got A LOT of LeBron James!
Joe Boyle::Stop complaining about the refs, it just makes Pacers fans look like whiners. Miami won that game because they are legit and have the best player in the world (and yes, I'm a Pacers fan).
Karl Heu::Harden doesn't make anyone better.....It's either he scores alot or not......Plus, his Defense is horrible, and his Turnovers are abundant
Latece K Christmon::Harden make Kevin Martin look like a top-tier defender.
Sardar Zh. Sadykov::Hardens best diffence are flopping like Mitt Romney
Leland Wong::I do not see any way the Heat can win this game, Iso Harden will kill this game. But if JH plays both ends of the ct the game will be competitive.
Coo Chee Rodriguez::Of course the Heat wont win, they aint playing.
Marcleen Bavogui::i dint know the heat were playing the pacers tonight or that haden was on the heat lmao
Leland Wong::Marcleen Bavogui Sorry about that the Heat and Rox ,I like a lot. No Harden plays for the Rox and LBJ plays for the Heat Thank you for the correction.  It is going to be a good test for the Rox.
Ayn Bland::Did you see Harden tonight?  That's Harden in the finals.
