radonforprez::Amnesty Brand in the offseason. Decline Nocioni's option. Go after a dominant big man and this team will be a legit title contender for years.
philswin08::LETS GO SIXERS!!!
thanksalotespn::DAMN YO
CosmoKramer1444::If the Kevin Love thing doesn't work then they can go after Beasley.
salemram15::I'd pass on that. I don't think Beasley would be a good fit with this team.
CosmoKramer1444::WOW, a whole 62 points? What a joke.
xximcutawesomexx::lets not get to excited here, folks. The Sixers have been playing great basketball, but we will see how they fair against the big boys in the east. They really havent beaten anyone yet. 35 point wins over toronto and golden st, 20 points over phoenix and detroit, awesome + NO. Except not  a single one of those teams will be in the postseason
chazzzzz1965::True but 3-2 to open the season on a 5 gm western trip is good no matter who your playing in the NBA...they're gonna be tough this year imo..
tedcgegi::The days of Allen Iverson,me,me,me,me basketball are finally over----how refreshing-----a different top scorer every night. Go Sixers !!
salemram15::Say what you want, but AI is a legend here in Philly. That man put it all on the line every night for this city. He’ll always be loved and remember by Philly sports fans. He invested blood sweat and tears, and truly loved this fan base.
RyGuy102093::coming from a knicks fan, this team really scars me...such a deep team, every starter contributes something valuable, very good coach, good defense, and great guard depth. only problem is you guys don't have a dominant player to take over in clutch situations, but that may not be a problem since its better to spread the offense evenly throughout the lineup.....i look forward to a tough battle for the divison, and possibly with the old man celtics as well....good luck
Blazelover13::Man...what a performance. Another blowout win. Granted, it's over a terrible Toronto team, but...still, wow. Not one player over 15 points for the Sixers, and they still win by 35 points. This team...is deadly. If they were to trade Elton Brand and Iguodala to free up some cap space, they could get Dwight Howard and become a force in the East for years to come. Even if they don't get Howard, this team has to get SOMEONE. This team is for real. GO SIXERS!
YoungBlaza::Wow Philly looking good. Right now they are 5-2. Hope they get 40 wins.
rustyburg::Could the Sixers get Dwight Howard or Kevin Love after this season?  I don't think they are Championship contenders this year, but one of those two would change the landscape immediately!
AIadvocate::If Billy King was around, he'd definitely go after Love strictly for the marketing chances with The City of Brotherly...I mean he drafted Bobby Jones
killahs_ghost::I'm not even going to bother looking up who drafted Bobby Jones, but King was probably in about 6th grade when that went  down... so yeah... no. King didn't make that pick.
AIadvocate::I am definitely thinking they should make a strong run at Love...Howard seems like too big of a $@%!$@ to play in Philly.
PhillyPhever.FlyEaglesFly::i dont want to get rid of anybody though, and you are forgetting about Nikola Vucevic. hes a great center/power forward. its just that doug collins isnt big on playing rookies. all things considered i think that we would be worse if we tried to get love or howard. im a huge love fan though
215mike::even if you do offer the max to Kevin Love. I cannot for see the life of me why Minnesota wouldn't match he would only be a RFA. Dwight Howard wants to go play with other allstars and a big city so i doubt it. But i think all we need is a future PF.
Jganon93::i was thinking the same thing, if we amnesty brand this offseason our payroll will be 38 million, but we would need to resign hawes, so were looking at about 23 million in cap space before resigning hawes
God Amongst the Commoners::LOL Raptors are a joke
76ersEaglesFan::Im out as well night yall
Frank Reynolds is back 4::All right I am out good night. Go Sixers
Philly BOI 3::only team that didnt suprise me is CAVS
Philly BOI 3::the only team i really want is the heat we already can beat the bulls just like last year both wins at there home
Philly BOI 3::yesterday they should have won i got so heated
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Yea they should have
Frank Reynolds is back 4::It was a wizards for me lol
Frank Reynolds is back 4::The best thing for this team to do is play consistently. The bulls and heat do that in the east but that is it so far in the east. Magic and hawks are a guessing game. Pacers is a guess. Boston and Knicks were not who we thought they were.
Philly BOI 3::wow like almost 5 or 6 people could of had a double double AI EB ET SH JH an VUC
mochasmurfs@facebook.com::no u cant
dprice5811::you can say that about every team in the nba every night.
pastafasools::thanks....
pastafasools::anybody know why spencer hawes was benched in the 2nd half tonight??
pastafasools::thanks
Philly BOI 3::NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Hurt..
rrt5029::tweaked his back
adi133::Nice win sixers! Hopefully soon ESPN will get their noses out of Miami, the lakers and Chicago's $@%!$ and start talking about this team. This is the 3rd team the sixers have blown out of the Gym, and im on this site reading about how great the Clippers are? Are you serious?
215mike::Once the Sixers play the Pacers and Knicks thats when things will heat up.  Next 3 games are important.
adi133::The Clippers stunk the last 15 years and they stink now. And how about them Knicks? OVERRATED!!! they cant play together. Chandler should of stayed in Dallas but got Greedy.
Philly BOI 3::lob city vs flipadelphia 6ers win
yarasi34::orlando is $@%
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Yea I am beginning to think that too
Iladelphia::Clippers cant even grab boards despite having Jordan and Griffin
76ersEaglesFan::sixers will will be &amp; already is better then the clip show
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Yea I think so too
Philly BOI 3::the top talk about teams in the east are the top 4 or 5 seeds 6ers miami bulls an hawk or orlando
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Covering the bulls and heat is one thing.. But they do more Knicks that is bs they suck
Philly BOI 3::thank u
Iladelphia::Don't count on it.
xHumanHighlightReel::barngani is ridiculous. him, derozan, and calderon are carrying this team.
Philly BOI 3::barngani is to 24 points averaged
Slippslipp2010::We need to get these wins at home. Pretty sure we have the next 16 out of 19 at home (correct me if I'm wrong). The Sixers' schedule is brutal in February. If they want to contend for the Atlantic division, they gotta handle business early.
Philly BOI 3::monday pacers tusday kings wensday knicks....................... challenge win so so
mj8648::hibbert tweaked his ankle n thier last game......not sure if his 100% by the time they play on mon.
215mike::Pacers might be trouble. If we don't have Hawes. Hibbert is just gonna kill us.
Iladelphia::Beat Pacers and Knicks I'll be happy.
Philly BOI 3::both home games are wins an the knicks away game is the only hard one in this month
Philly BOI 3::knicks because it the third of an back to back to back
Frank Reynolds is back 4::They need to go 2-1 and that is good
gri400::alright i'm out of here, see whatever raptor fans are left here on monday and philly in april, see ya
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Night dude have a good one
THESE_PRETZALS_R_MAKIN_ME_THIRSTY::GN Phaithfuls.....GO 6ers!!!!
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Night pretzels
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Pacers will be a huge test for this team on Monday
Iladelphia::Sixers will be a huge test for the Pacers too.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::I guess we will see.. Just don't let the crap teams beat you that is it
Iladelphia::Perhaps but their next 4 games aren't going to do them any favors
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Yea but I honestly think Boston will turn it around
Iladelphia::So? By my estimates Boston isn't that good. If the thing is you have to beat good teams to be good then Boston doesn't qualify as a good team. Their 4 wins (3 at home) are against Wizards (twice), New Jersey and Detroit.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::They destroyed Boston last night
Philly BOI 3::trollin about different game but spurs suck up 15 points 4th quarter to denver now spurs up 2
yarasi34::our young legs is gonna help us withh these back to back games this year!
THESE_PRETZALS_R_MAKIN_ME_THIRSTY::Doug Collins makes you wonder what were we thinking in previous yrs
Frank Reynolds is back 4::He do.. We should had a better coach
Philly BOI 3::last year we were windows this year we are mac pros
loomus7::You mean we are overpriced hype machines? I thought that was the knicks.
kkawesome50::Alright guys im going, hope u have a good night
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Night come back next game.. Big game
76ersEaglesFan::night homie..see u monday
Philly BOI 3::did about notice iggy had a double double
kkawesome50::yea i didn't notice that
THESE_PRETZALS_R_MAKIN_ME_THIRSTY::Whos that???.....lol
Philly BOI 3::not cool
gri400::raps had 17 turnovers, if there was one thing (and there are many) i want to improve it would be that, take care of the ball!
Philly BOI 3::they have some good starters but no bench
gri400::in a nutshell, bargs jose and demar, everyone else are 7 or 8 guys at best
Frank Reynolds is back 4::They will clean it up as the season goes on
gri400::i hope so as many of these are really careless, this has gone on all year though and to me it is their biggest flaw
76ersEaglesFan::Pacers will be a good test for us..but we can do it....i wonder if we can go undefeated at home? lol to early to say but......
Slippslipp2010::No doubt. The Pacers have improved from last year's performance.
kkawesome50::ive got a lot of respect for the raptors fans, they dont get mad when their teams losing and always respect the other team
gri400::i'm used to losing so that doesnt bother me lol, as long as the other fans are cool then everythings good for me, and the people here tonight were great so we have peace, its great to see on these boards every now and then
gri400::haha i've been a sharks fan all my life, my one winning team, i just support the leafs because i'm from toronto
Slippslipp2010::At least the Leafs are looking good so far. For the most part.
kkawesome50::no i mean fanS
Philly BOI 3::u mean fan
Philly BOI 3::to pay more to air fair
THESE_PRETZALS_R_MAKIN_ME_THIRSTY::Lol
Slippslipp2010::Toronto = Canada = Hockey. Why Mr. Stern has a team up there is beyond me.
smokenLs::Total team effort tonight. I'm happy to see Lavoy get to grab some boards in garbage time too
nm344::Hawes gotta be most improved player of the year so far
Slippslipp2010::Haha it's an early year. But he does look good.
Slippslipp2010::The Center hosted 2 wins tonight. Can't complain.
187Raptors::Phillies are getting older and they been a flop in the playoffs. No comment on ur eagles dun even noe what to say about that...u acted like Miami in the preseason. Flyers are good bunch of guys who compete. Conclusion support the flyers cause the sixers aren't making it past the second or even first round
huskerdawg90::i think your a little mad bro, your team just got beat by 35, why are you even here?
187Raptors::Jus stating the truth....u guys mad? hahaha
Philly BOI 3::wat has toronto been doin oh thays right losin an no goin to the play offs
kjb304::Thanks for that wonderful insight into philly sports. You should be a writer for the Inquirer..about as insightful as those clowns
nm344::Phillies won 6 out of 9 playoff series in the last 4 seasons.  Big flop.
Slippslipp2010::Sure seems like it haha. Nice how he forgot to mention '08. How did that season end again???
FlyGuys623::dic
187Raptors::LOL i have no expectations so I dont really care
Slippslipp2010::When was the last time you did?
THESE_PRETZALS_R_MAKIN_ME_THIRSTY::U got clobbered...get used to it
THESE_PRETZALS_R_MAKIN_ME_THIRSTY::Then you think you would handle it w/class...u can learn from philly fans...lol
187Raptors::Been used it to ever since VC left
Slippslipp2010::You are a Raptors fan. Enough said.
gri400::lose to 35 what can you say? 76ers kicked the raptors @ss tonight, gotta a lot to work on with not much time to do so, it'll get there its not like we are contending this year lol. bargs still looked  good and... and... thats about it tonight. gg philly
Slippslipp2010::Show ya luv!!!!
FlyGuys623::lets keep it goin guys. peace. #showyaluv
Philly BOI 3::hello
DaKing0325::bye
THESE_PRETZALS_R_MAKIN_ME_THIRSTY::Peace
Conigman::Cant even crack 20 points in any of the quarters? LOLOL  And this team is in the NBA?
nm344::Vuc got skills.  I love the sixers depth, at some point they should be able to package something together for a star.
Slippslipp2010::Starting with Iggy.
kkawesome50::But guys before we get too excited, we are still yet to play a playoff team
blakep267::pretty much. When we would lose to bad teams we get bashed, but when we crush bad teams we get bashed for beating bad teams. Thats what were supposed to do. When the Heat crush New jersey, they get a front page highlight, but we get nothing
tank_dogg06::True story
THESE_PRETZALS_R_MAKIN_ME_THIRSTY::But they are blowing out bad teams...thats what good teams do
Iladelphia::At least the Sixers went on the Road for most of their "easy wins"
Iladelphia::Most of these teams that people will point to and say they are better than the sixers haven't beat a good team.
hhkal::We've got a chance on Monday against the Pacers.
kkawesome50::i meant beat a playoff team
FlyGuys623::portland?
Conigman::Do players like Calderon, Bargani, De Rozan look like defensibe stoppers to anyone?  This coach for the raptors is living in lalala land...  Very deluded individual.  Lets focus on defense but totally forget there is another end of a basketball court.......  F###ing pathetic goose
phillyguard::Haws experienced back pain. No word his condition. But I saw him jumping up and cheering the team effort. I don't think it's anything.
marcko::Not good if he's your starting fantasy center
phillyguard::Though season for fantasy. A lot of players are going to get mystery illness'.
Iladelphia::It's good to get him some less work load now that we're playing more often.
FlyGuys623::hes a tough white man
kkawesome50::Vuc is a beast, hes currently leading the sixers in player efficiency rating(PER)
hhkal::The balance in scoring is somethin' else. 5 guys in double figures, 2 more with 9 points each, and 2 more with 7 points each. No one had more than 14.
nm344::Holy crap +15.3 point diff for the sixers
kkawesome50::best in the leauge
