Julie Price::East really IS just MIA and IND.
Trevor Hennington::The East is so pathetic that the Lakers who are 3rd from last in the West, would be 4th in the East.
Christopher Terreros::Trevor Hennington The east just wants first dibs at the draft class! hahaha
Jonathan Ascencio::Christopher Terreros Don't try to make it seem like the East teams are tanking on purpose. The East has been weak for many years now.
Michael Killebrew::Bulls should have kept Nate Robinson. I know he is no D-Rose but dude can ball. The Bulls put all their eggs in one basket thinking that an injury prone Rose would withstand an entire season. He didn't last a month. Bad move on the Bulls front office considering Nate was arguably their best player in the playoffs last season.
Trevor Hennington::I was saying that on here last year and people thought I was crazy.  But now look at the Bulls they got nothing, no scoring off the bench no spark to keep the offense rolling, nothing.
John Allen Reave::I agree.  The Bulls acted like DRose would be indestructible this year.  They didn't really have a back up plan.
Michael Killebrew::Trevor Hennington Luckily for them, this year is a pretty deep draft. This isn't the professional thing to do but they could 'tank' and try to get one of the top 5 picks. But that is always a gamble. I think this season is over for them.
Zach Skeens::Derrick Rose is just happy he gets to make another adidas commercial when he comes back with no knees
Jay Buckets::Those blue sleeved jerseys are an eyesore.  Maybe the ugliest thing I've ever seen.  WORST IDEA EVER!
Michael Patrick Contristano::cp3 only played 27 minutes and had 16 pts and 17 ast. right now he's number 1 in the mvp race no doubt.
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Slow down, Mike...one game does not an MVP race makes! Let the season play out before we can say who's in the race or not
Danny Mac::Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts Yea other than the fact thats been a basic CP3 scoreline this entire season.
Michael Patrick Contristano::Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts, I understand where your'e coming from about the one game thing (great example is Brandon Jennings when he dropped 40 his first rookie game and well he isn't doing that much anymore.) But after breaking Magic's 10+ pts and 10+ ast, the fact that he's playing on a whole different lvl from all the other pgs in the leauge right now and how he makes everyone better on his team, it's hard not to put him as number 1.
Grant Coleman::D Rose a good player not great he has never developed a good jump shot and he isnt that great of a defender
Nick Dallio::Lol
Vladimir Tsalyuk::finally someone knows what they're talking about. I mean if the bulls other players weren't so awful offensively theyres no way theyd ever even make such a big deal about rose. Other then driving to the rim he really isn't all that great.
Marcus Marcellus::john paxson has jordanitis....meaning, he doesn't want a star player on the bulls because he has seen how a star player can be. JORDAN. You may say, rose is a star player, well I would say somewhat or half of the icing that the bulls need PLUS, he wouldn't rock the boat or stir up any ego with management like jordan did. MJ bashed the jerry brothers (documented) in the media, on the plane, on the bus and on the court. He had a ego, rose doesn't. He went at players rose doesn't....Plus MJ dictated the bulls rose doesn't. Unless paxson gets the 2nd part of the icing the bulls will win no championship with rose and HE WILL DEPART....boers and bernstein think they know it all, and now they must agree with me. Dunleavy, hinrichm deng, boozer (great job so far) and murphy? LMAO are not gonna do it....
Artemis Incorp::interesting analogy....
Adrian DiMarcantonio::The way the team is constructed it was always 1 title at best. you need another great to win multiple championships(the number rose guaranteed)  Pacers have the same problem. 1 title at best
Prince Donald::this is very truthful marcus
Evander Smart::The Clippers are good, and will only get better with time and chemistry. And now they have the leadership to take them to the next level.
Marc Pascal::They need Blake to step up his post game. I think they've maxed their talent. They'l get marginally better, but not championship better until the 4 and/or 5 position are low post threats.
Trevor Hennington::6 stinkin' points in the 4th Q and some crazy people thought the Bulls bench was deep.
Michael Repko::from the start of the season, we all knew the bench was gonna be full of scrubs......today just proves that
Craig Keller::Nate, where are you?
Michael Repko::team is a major embarrassment! these last 2 games were pathetic! from the coach to the management, they both stink and now have to face reality that when you don't make any smart offseason moves, youll end up regretting it. todays game just proves that, bench full of scrubs.
Devae Dolley::The real jerks associated with the Bulls is the Reinsdorf. This A hole gets rid of Nate Robinson, signs Duleavy oh, and refuse to sign any of the free agents out there because of Carlos Boozer contract. This team is officially a Fn joke.
Devae Dolley::Dez Ondoua that was after Jordan got him 6 championships.
James Moulton::Clippers looked great. They would have beaten anyone out there tonight. Bulls looked terrible. They would have lost to anyone out there tonight.
Kenny Sterrett::I think they'll beat Utah tonight
Alan Ogg::Bulls 'fans' before Heat Vs Bulls game: 1.25 Billion Bulls 'fans' after L number 6: ZERO
Jon Callender::People who work at McDonald's whose opinions matter: 0
Alan Ogg::People with a gay mustache = gay
Jay Zee::Thats why the Bulls lead the league in attendance yet again for like the 35th straight yr.  Don't come on here posting lies.  If you are next time at least be creative and say something like "Ferris Bueller and McCaulay Culkin will have a boxing match.
Alan Ogg::bandwgaon bulls fans hoping off quicker than Ana Nicole Smith leaving a church
Jay Zee::YOUR SOURCE PLEASE???  Bulls sold out games and were loud and crazy even when they averaged like 15 wins a season from 2000-2004.  Go troll somewhere else.  The team may stink it up and have these Rose disasters but still will have the best fans in the league.
Alan Ogg::best fans that CHEER when a BULL pushes Lebron James?
Jay Zee::Alan Ogg WHAT???  Again your source.  Yes of course the fans will cheer for Nazr Mohammed defending himself after Lebron threw him to the ground.  Stop changing the subject everytime I call you out for your false info of the Bulls having the best and most loyal fanbase in the NBA.
Julie Price::Clippers well on their well to 130+  pts if they don't let up in the 4th.
Mike Plummer::Gonna be a longggggg season for Bulls fans....
Rigg Chicoye::Nope...it's gonna be very, very short because they will be done as soon as the New York teams get their train back on the tracks.  Gar/Pax out-thought themselves this time. "We didn't think we could find enough minutes for Nate."  Lawdy!!
Shawn Bento::All trolling aside, if Rose tore his ACL again like the Bulls are fearing, it would be a devastating injury.  Hoping for the best for D-Rose.
Bobby Richardson::way to grab those rebounds Noah
Andy P Kordyban::The season is over for the Bulls
Alan Ogg::it was over with their 0-8 preseason..
Derek Mustachi::OMFG Bulls are useless.
Michal Bialek::TANK TANK TANK!!!!
Ali Lukie Ozeir::The Clippers are playing there best  Basketball of the season so far! Cp3 should be the frontrunner for MVP Award this year. The Defence is starting to become elite! Go Clippers! I hope D-Rose is alright i feel so bad for the guy. All you Bulls fans who thought Rose was a better PG then Chris Paul LOL!
John Keros::Rose has no ego??  "Why wouldn't I want to be [the face of the franchise]?" Rose asked. "That's the point of playing the game. That's the greatest thing right now.
John Keros::Rose has a ton of selfish ego, explained by that comment & demonstrated when sitting due to nothing physical, accord to him, his doctor, mgr, brother.  That means no healing, reinjury concerns.  He's just too dumb to be outspoken, so ppl say he's humble & has no ego.
Jason Corazon::whats up with the shirts ?  this is supposed to drive revenue for fan purchases ?  Who is the target, metrosexuals ?
