Commenter::If Micheal Jordan, Kobe Bryant, Lebron James, DWade, Durant, Chris Paul were benched for their first 5 shots then i can tell you that none of them would make in this league let alone becoming a stars.
WeNeedWorldPeace::Fire McHale!  His pride and personal opinions are way above the overall team benefits!  With such team lineup, Rockets should have got much better winning %.
D. Darqwon::Pretty good first half for the Rockets although the defense (outside of Howard and Beverley) leaves much to be desired.  The starters were proficient as a group but the bench (outside of Casspi) has been a bit lackluster so far. JLin has been a non-factor and seems a bit tentative tonight. I'm hoping he can break out of it in the 2nd half as his scoring could go a long way toward helping put this game away.  In the meantime, Dallas has absolutely no answer for Dwight Howard down low. I love it!
CTL::Here we go again. Lin was playing very good and scored more than 20 points for several games. This has been apparently abnormal for the coaching team. They find the ways to trim Lin’s role,  take away of the support ( he uses to have two to three player in front of him when he got the balls, and trim his playing time. Now he gets back to less than 10 points. This is what the coaching team wants to see, and perhaps on the cost of a win. I could feel that he was so disappointed yesterday and loss his aggressiveness and excitement gradually. He did not have very much time to touch the balls against Dallas.
a z::When the Rockets lost to the Lakers, Beverley was 1 for 10, and still played 33:49. Even in that game, Lin played less than Beverley (31:06). So, if Lin goes 0 for 5, would that justify Lin getting only 16:57? For some reason, McHale does not like Lin. McHale is similar to all the other Lin-Haters, Lin is their “whipping boy”. Such as blaming Lin for the lost when Lin played less than 17 minutes.
Commenter::Hey C K, if Marv starters were outplaying Houstons Starters for a comeback win then can you name more players that were not defending right when JLin obviously was not playing?
Daniel::What's with McHale not playing Jeremy Lin???  Oh well they lose when he does not.
Darth Apollyon::The Rockets bench really came through for the team in this game.
Stankus::Lin haters are so funny u have 3 so call superstars(D12, Harden, Parsons) and as C K puts it a great defender and great spot up shooter in Bev. but when Rox loses is always Jeremy this and Jeremy that.
Danh::JLin needs to play more minutes than Beverly. In games where Lin plays more minutes, the Rockets record is 7-2. When Beverly plays more minutes than Lin, their record is 0-3. You can figure out the rest. Beverly played well tonight and played better than Lin but Lin needs to be on the floor as the leader at end of game. Lin should not have to play with 2nd unit and pick up Beverly’s sloppy seconds. Congrats to Mavericks on good comeback.
