Jacob Reyes::They keep hyping Kyrie's 41 points blah blah, how about Tristan Thompson with yet another double-double?
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Kyrie owning John Wall
James Balls::Time to hire a coach... George Karl... Hollins... either Van Gundy... Jerry Sloan... PJ... hell, anybody
Anthony Williams::Kyrie is going to have to play 40 minutes and score 40+ plus a night if this Cav team is hoping to make the playoffs
George Chip Thayer::Beat wishes to the Wizard fans.  Both our teams have started off slower than we would've wanted.    Go Cavs!
Roland Cyr::I have been a Bullet fan for 40 yrs.   I am on my last string.  When are the Bullets going to win
Carl Wheaton::Same here been a fan for many years hard to stay on the bandwagon. .This is suppose to be our play off year.  Got to get better quickly.  All the parts are there.
Taylor Manes::Wizards need yeezus *kanye voice*
Travis Burk::espn the game is over.   biased mfs
Seamus Catela-Murphy::Go Cavs!!
Tony Madden::I'm disappointed in the Cavs off seasons. They bought into their own hype and have done nothing impressive this season. How do you let the #1 pick put on that much weight in the off season? Why is V playing 35 minutes but only scoring 2 points? They need to get this thing going and quick, you aren't going to play the Wizards every night.
George Chip Thayer::Good game Wiz fans.   I know you want the W just as bad as we Cavs fans do, but it was an entertaining game.  Cavs have some serious locker room issues.    Waiters has at least temporarily lost his job.   It also seem as though Bennett and Zeller have as well and wonder if they too were involved with the locker room confrontation.
Ryan Sems::All you guys complaining about Irving be a ball-hog, I hope you understand that he's pretty much the only player on this team that has some legitimate trade value... and if Mike Brown doesn't get his act together quick, you can bet that Irving will be gone at the end of his contract.
Brandon Tigues::kyrie balled out..wow, some people may call it ball hogging but when you're the only player doing anything you have no choice he took over and carried the cavs to a much needed win.
Michael Maiorano::Bynum is a mess...2 for 8 tonite..shooting 36% on the year...taking 4 foot shots and under. He should stick to bowling and video games.  Without Kobe on his team he's nothing.
George Chip Thayer::Kobe hasn't done anything since Bynum left.
Kenny Lawrence::Bennett will probably be the first ever number 1 over all draft pick to be sent down to the D-league. He is making Canadian players look bad (Tristen, Nash, Wiggins)
Tony Frenden::I've never seen a highlite reel of a whole game (OT no less) in which every single play was of one player.
Rashid Frederick Alvarado::WTF WIZARDSSSSSSSSSSSSS! Close the mutafkn game out, goddamm....UGHHHHH
Balldiñho II::John Wall is not only overrated but got SEVERELY overpaid ...Not a Max contract guy!
Scott Felsenfeld::beal and nene was gettin in jacks face for that garbage time layup..anything escalate?
Andrew Fuehring::Ouch, it sucks that Wash had to lock up 80 mil on.... wait, wait...... John Wall.... LMFAO
Scott Cunningham::Wittman must go. Please go get George Karl. He would know how to use the talent that the wiz have
Tracy Anthony Balser::Giving up a average of 104 points a game isn't gonna win you a lot of games.smh@Wizards
Alan Bonness::Why do they have some chick with a speech impediment doing the game recap ?
Michael Maiorano::Well Bynum finally is playing...bad news 0 rebounds in 14 minutes
Frank Lee::Well thank God that the Cavs pulled this one out, that team is on the edge.
