George7844::Say, lookie heah, Dawg !!  Dem Rockets bees gettin bettah n bettah !!! Dat Harden is a magician wid dat ball. Dey's gwine be hawd to beat in da neah future !!!  Sho illlz !!!
Paul Apoundstone::Harden = Kemp  Lin = Payton  Don't rush to conclusion, just think about it.  .
anti900::Lin actually was Trained By Gary Payton.
Dezagcoog::and Harden by Kemp!
76ermixer::Glad that only a few people seem to recognize the sixers are missing their best 3 players and all of a sudden everyone that plays us is talking trash... before holiday got hurt sixers were battling at 4th and 5th in the east so whatever dumb $@% said we are a scrimmage id like to see you take the best 3 ppl of any team and see how well they fair. i should know better than to try and talk sense to a texan tho LMAO. sorry for the non dumb !$@ texans you guys just have some many idiots it make you all seem a little slow
George7844::Maybe you should allow this idiot Texan correct your post. It's hard to tell if you have any edjumacation !!! Have you ever heard of capitalization ?? How about punctuation ??  [Hello, pot..........Meet kettle !!! ]  "..........see how well they FARE ~~~~~~~(not 'fair')."    "you guys just have SO many~~~~~~~~(not 'some many')."  Soooooo, before you start talking about idiocy among Texans, learn how to communicate properly so that you don't appear stuckin' foopid !!!
Dezagcoog::and you are so butthurt you have to come here and explain it so detailed like this LOL
05Xav::Was just watching some Lin highlights against the Sixers and Lin was for sure the fastest guy on court last night. He had some sweet moves including a crossover that should had been an and 1.
NguyenDragon::Greg Smith has been a nice surprise...
asian-balla::gonna need his muscle against memphis.
Jeremy Lin Superstar::People are unaware that Lin hasn't played a full season overall yet.  If he is this good, this fast, now, imagine how awesome he will be in a couple of years.  I see his career averages being: 19 ppg 7 apg 3 rpg  :-P
asian-balla::wishful thinking.....
Dezagcoog::So how is that downhil?
NguyenDragon::So you think his game will go downhill from here?  He is at the moment averaging 11/6/4...
NguyenDragon::That is a realistic prediction... I think his APG will be in double digits though...
FearTheOlympicBeard::My goodness, James Harden is good...if the Rockets stay in contention, he should get the MVP.
NguyenDragon::I don't see how he wont if he can take a young rebuilding team to the playoffs...
agoods03again::My boy Lin starting to get consistent! Keep it up, it's just too bad you chose the knicks game to have a great game.
RNYC::2 games doesn't = consistent.
NguyenDragon::I need to see more as well... It does look like he realizes that he needs to be aggressive to have any success...
NguyenDragon::Most players turn it up a bit extra playing against their former teams...
I Have The Pawaaaa::Quote from ESPN: "James Harden picked up his 7th 30-point game of the season in a win over the 76ers tonight. That's 4th in the NBA behind Kobe Bryant, Carmelo Anthony, and LeBron James. Harden had only 3 such games in 3 seasons with the Thunder."  The Rockets' story to this point would be entirely different had Harden not join the squad.  If Harden avoids injury and keeps playing at this level, he is the MVP for this season.
NguyenDragon::Harden is the closer that the Rockets have been waiting for a long time...
bwp2bruce::No he isn't. He could win an MVP at some point during his career, but not this year. He's not Derrick Rose. He will not win an MVP before Kevin Durant or Rajon Rondo, or even Westbrook. He's not winning an MVP before those guys. Stop kidding yourself bro. I understand that you're really excited to have him, but don't go too far man.
I Have The Pawaaaa::Except for Rose when he was active, Harden is still a greater Difference Maker than those you named.  We're talking this season.
latronchang::It helps if you get playing time.
foycur::So much for the Sixers and whatisname from the Lakers who's got the awesome 'fro but gets injured bowling.
shawnt92::im a knicks fan. harden needs to be on the all-star team. for real   hes game is crazy
asian-balla::exposure in asia dont mean jack shiet as far as getting all star voes HERE.
NguyenDragon::What are you talking about?  They get to vote like everyone else... How do you think McGrady got all those votes playing in a few games that one season?
NguyenDragon::He will... He is getting a lot of exposure in Asia playing with Lin...
Dawan208::He will!!!!!!
fdavidson1106::Wow Houston 9-2 over last 11. Who jnew
asian-balla::uh no they arent.
sk8er_2004_1986::To vote for Jeremy Lin and James Harden from your phone to the All Star game text either Harden or Lin to 69622.
roadano::The 76ers are a scrimmage game for other teams. Nice back-to-back L's. Why bother to watch the NBA?
Oscar Robertson::Jeremy Lin for the win!  Linsanity!
Conky Bubs::nice game James Hardees
AlphaBeta123::damn, it's too bad the Rockets aren't in the East.  10 - 2.  They'd have a much better record like some other supposedly good team (cough* Knicks cough*)
DukeBeatUNCrofl::Lin went to New York and now he remembers how to play?
NguyenDragon::Lin and Harden is playing better together...
Lorenzomax7::No... It's the Knicks came to Houston and then all of sudden Lin was shooting 50% FG%, 40% 3P%(compared to 33.3% &amp; 22.9% in the previous 12 games).
NoonGame::he was really aggressive the last couple games...
sports guy12::I say Lin is one of the top 3 fastest PG's in the NBA dribbling a basketball
NguyenDragon::His shooting percentage also rises once he get it going and it all starts with driving aggressively...
NoonGame::he also maybe the smartest...when he's aggressive, he is fast.
MontanaAggie::The Sixers played well tonight.  But the Rockets were just rolling.  Lin is looking like he's starting to settle in.  If he and Harden figure it out...look out.
asian-balla::it's easy to roll over a team without their top 3 players.
rockus_2008::LIn is a very smart player.  He can confuse the opponents by taking a basketball and split it in half before putting it together in the basket.
roccabucci::LOL wuut
Phatepiclewts::wut
TK729::Fun team to watch. They can hang with the best as we have seen against the Knicks and Spurs, and now Memphis comes to town.   Can't wait!
NewAges::Rockets game against the Knicks on Monday had the highest tv rating.....Lin still made the Knicks richer
Lorenzomax7::Lin - What Sensational happens.
joah5454_3::Another solid outing from Jeremy Lin.
Sir_Isaac_::Lin's only in the NBA so the league can have access to China's huge market. A lot of Rucker street ballers are more deserving to be in the league than Lin.
DukeBeatUNCrofl::I think basketball is not your game.
Paul Apoundstone::Street ballers? The lunch lady has more luck being a top chef at a 5 star restaurant kinfoke.  Don't kid yourself. People don't want more of the same. Street ballers don't translate into real money.   You think small.   Small cerebrum to go with it.   .
2LikeABoss6::THIS POST IS THE BOSS! SO MANY REACTIONS!
5856Rach::The only person or organization  that can determine if Lin can play in the NBA are:  1) Lin's boss 2) NBA. 3) Lin, himself Any objection, just tell his boss or NBA.  DON'T blame Lin who is the major reason for our conversation here.
thyshakes::With a handle name of Sir_Issac, you sure don't show much intelligent.  Obviously, making a statement w/ no backup only shows your intent.  Really don't need to argue since your intent is clear.
salamanderNT::It ain't trolling, if it's obvious you're trying to troll.  Come on man, do a better job.
jrddog::Obvious troll is obvious, the dude made the account 3 days ago and has no fav teams.
rEdBuLxTaSy::WHY WOULD THAT BE A PROBLEM?   AFTER ALL CHINA IS THE ONE MARKETING/PRODUCING ALL OF THE NBA'S MERCHANDISE :):):)
NewAges::Keeps street ballers on streets.....NBA players in NBA
joah5454_3::The jealousy's strong with this one
Glenagglenag::yeah, anyone can dominate the spurs, knicks and other teams like lin.
jrddog::lol ok.
Lin_Beard_Sanity::Before the preseason ended, I thought Terrence Jones and Royce White would have to carry the rockets.  boy am I glad I was wrong!   I also thought Linsanity would be Linsanity- boy was I glad I wrong again!
5856Rach::What happened to Terrence Jones?
DukeBeatUNCrofl::Nothing.  He is still a lazy sack of $@%! like he was in college.
Phatepiclewts::Felton ate him back in NY.
Lin_Beard_Sanity::He's raw or not raw at all
NewAges::Rockets should play more G Smith....He had 13 points for 13 minutes tonight.
Lin_Beard_Sanity::Greg SMith and I have the same malady,  you have to GET us the ball for us to score...but nawww Greg Smith is great and he can really finish around the basket.  It's funny but I thought Jones would be doing all that before the season started.
rEdBuLxTaSy::HEAT OR KNICKS?  :):):)
rEdBuLxTaSy::NOT SURE I CAN SAY THE SAME AFTER THE YOUNG ROCKETS SCHOOLED THEM :):):)
jrddog::Twice! Just thought i'd add that.
5856Rach::The healthier at the end.
05Xav::It looks like the Rocket coaches/management are trying to bring Lin slowly along and let him develop at a slower pace knowing that he has so much expectations put on him they don't want to rush him and put even more expectations on him. Hearing him say he doesn't want to recreate linsanity can attest to that. Looks like it's paying off so far. If Lin keeps this kind of play up Rockets can be a dangerous team this year.
thyshakes::The dude is trying to learn point and facilitate, not trying to score.  Sometimes, the plan will get influenced by the public and there is certainly an expectation.   He should stay to the plan to learn to facilitate.  It will make him a better point guard in the long term.
Lin_Beard_Sanity::Not to mention they have like 9 new players on their team and 75% of their starters are brand new and leagues youngest after the MArtin trade
salamanderNT::Isn't that crazy.  I thought this team was gonna be a lottery team for sure.  They're currently fighting for a playoff spot, and are 9-1 against the Eastern Conference.
Lin_Beard_Sanity::they could be a dangerous team this Saturday against The Bears aka Grizzlies aka Grizz
rEdBuLxTaSy::HMM YOU KNEW HIM THAT FAR BACK? YOU'RE REALLY AN OLDIE :):):)
salamanderNT::Grizz are tough.  Penetrating guards have problems with them.  The Rocket's jumpers will have to go down, for them to have a chance.  But what do I know, I thought Lin's ceiling was a back-up PG three years ago.
Lin_Beard_Sanity::Rockets have a bad $@% team...first year team basically and already 8th seed.  harden is the main man ...but Lin could be an x factor
Glenagglenag::i think they both can be the main guy. harden is the better sg but lin is the better pg and more popular/media coverage, they are both good players.
3rdCoastTexan281::Man I wish we could have tricked OKC into taking Royce White instead of Jeremy Lamb...
3rdCoastTexan281::The whole point is: I'm pissed we wasted a pick on that scrub Royce White...doubt he ever dons a Rockets uni.
Lin_Beard_Sanity::stop bringing up lamb, rockets were lucky to get harden..stop being greedy beaches :) and he aint doing shi t in OKC   rockets dont need a spot up shooter, they need a ray allen that can shoot off screens and picks
3rdCoastTexan281::Lamb is way more than a spot up shooter...  OKC is very deep....they have no reason to play him. He would be much better depth for the rockets.
rEdBuLxTaSy::OKC WOULD HAVE TAKEN ROYCE WHITE BUT HE TOOK TOO LONG ON THE FREEWAY SO THEY PASS :):):)
Lin_Beard_Sanity::i said that earlier but i dont think this team lacks in shooting the way toney douglas is shooting.
salamanderNT::I know what position he plays, but his play style is that of a SG, not PG.
3rdCoastTexan281::He is a combo guard, but he backs up Lin at PG.
salamanderNT::TD is a back-up SG.  If he can maintain his 3PT %, he'll be a very pivotal player for the Rockets.  He's doing well this season, and I'm his biggest critic.
3rdCoastTexan281::TD is inconsistent, and he is really the backup PG. lamb would have been a perfect backup for Harden at SG. Not to mention, White will never see an NBA court...he is a freaking joke. Wasted 1st round pick.
Glenagglenag::lin and harden will be a good backcourt if rox coaches use them correctly, let them do their jobs, let lin run the point and harden be the sg scoring. and they will be winning more games,it is really not necessary favoring one player over the other. they can both shine and share the spotlight. if harden is not a jealous type like melo, lin is always fine sharing the spotlight with teamates.
Glenagglenag::still, nba is all about stats, he can't do too well playing as a spot up shooter, his shot is improving though after the injury.
Sector1019::Yep. And Harden isn't a "jealous type", so he's fine. Lin just needs to play aggressive with confidence and he'll be fine.
salamanderNT::Lin can run a team, I saw that last year with the Knicks, and against the Spurs last Monday.  His shot needs the most work, but that's my opinion.  Once the shot gets there, that opens up the entire court, and then the cooking will happen.  No shot, defenses will play off you, taking away your speed advantage.  You become reliant on the P&amp;R to get separation.
Glenagglenag::why? he can still shoot if he's the pg, he can't develop his pg skills if he's played as a spot up shooter.
salamanderNT::I did like Lin playing spot up shooter.  Granted his effectiveness went down, but his biggest weakness is his jumper.  I would've loved for him to be forced to play a shooter, and learn to shoot.  Even if it would make all the Lin fans unhappy.
Glenagglenag::he can't play well not playing his natural position. that's too much to ask, will great pgs like nash or rondo play well if you ask them to play sg instead?
Lin_Beard_Sanity::lin 's half court game is improving and i think this team will settle in with both scoring 40-50 points a game! the question is will it be enough to get to next level
salamanderNT::It is.  If they could collapse defenses like they did today and on Monday, that is a formidable back-court.  The hard part is doing it consistently, but they've proven that they can do it.  It'll take time, but I think they'll get there.
slawsondawson::Ive been using a betting system called Sportsbettingstar the past few months. Im making about 2-3K a month profits using this systems picks. You can find this system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems. I have bet on sports for years now and this system is the best I have seen yet.
Lin_Beard_Sanity::noone listen to this spammer..this is a thief stealing marketing hah hah  auto-ignore this guy
Lin_Beard_Sanity::im just tickled pink an Asian kid "got picked up" on the Rockets and is more exciting the Yao Ming
nbafanatic69::I kinda feel bad for Harden.  He got owned by his old team, but Lin got to see his old team get spanked twice.  Something's so wrong about that.
rEdBuLxTaSy::WELL YOU CAN'T FEEL TOO BAD FOR HARDEN WHEN HE PRACTICALLY HAD THE BALL IN HIS POSSESSION 80% OF THE TIME AGAINST HIS OLD TEAM. THAT SHOULD BE A CUE THAT STRICT ISO ARE NO MATCH AGAINST MULTIPLE PLAYERS :):):)
salamanderNT::Harden can't ISO against great teams, especially ones with Ibaka and Perkins at the helm.  I think Harden was trying to prove something that game, and he tried to do too much.  He'll learn to trust his teammates in the future, they're all playing better lately.
NewAges::When the Rockets played OK, Lin didn't play his role. He was spot shooter...blame the coaches
nbafanatic69::sorry, lin was practically non-existent in that first win.  parsons and harden were the MEN in that game.
Lin_Beard_Sanity::notice in both the wins, Lin played better
Lin_Beard_Sanity::I just love what HArden has done to this team but I often wonder if Harden wasnt here, would Lin be forced into leading and thus be a  better player by now?   this is the million dollar question or dilimena
Glenagglenag::i am sure he would have great stats being the go to guy and winning. he's always a winner and good leader. not saying harden is not as good, he's a good player too.
Lin_Beard_Sanity::I play more bball then the Rockets..no rest for the weary, I guess...
LinGoGoGo::just 2000+ comments!
Lorenzomax7::Houston is not a BB town.
MJs Cargo Shorts::2034th
MJs Cargo Shorts::Man if Royce White just starts playing, the dude can rebound and pass pretty good. Rockets would be even better.
nbafanatic69::they just gotta find the right sedative that'll hold off all the negative thoughts during play until, well, garbage time...
InStint733::Lin's still basically a rookie, he'll get better. Harden is a great player and he's also in a new position of learning how to be a leader, in OKC you had Durant and Westbrook as leads. Now in Houston he's got to learn how to get the best out of his teammates and not just go out and get his but like i said he's new at this and will get better. Young team, lots of questions still but big potential when things come together. Give it time guys, this will be a great team in a year or two.
SingingSwanSongs::Right, I like the Houston Rockets game. Lin, Harden &amp; Parsons are all selfless players. All they need to go is gel a little bit more and play better defense and I can see them sniffing 7th seed. They're a young team though so anything is possible. I believe they are one of the youngest.
salamanderNT::These guys have a lot of potential.  Parson's has had several monster games.  Getting compared to Larry Legend when the Knick's were in Houston.  Smith is also showing signs of being a very efficient player.  Great part of this team, a lot of their stars weren't highly accoladed prior to their NBA career.  Parsons drafted in 2nd round, Lin and Smith were both undrafted.  Pulling for these underdogs and quality kids to create some big things.
salamanderNT::Harden and Lin are both selfless players.  It's a great combo, I saw Harden waive off the ball several times, and this is a typical behavior for him.  They just need to mesh better, and they'll have a lethal backcourt.
Lin_Beard_Sanity::i like the 8th seed we got now despite the tie.  Rox should get in the playoffs NOW and thats pretty exciting!  right now!
MJs Cargo Shorts::Lin is more like a sophomore.... But you're right, plenty of room to improve with Harden and grow as a team.
Lin_Beard_Sanity::Rox are such a satisfying team to watch in their evolution ..
salamanderNT::Houston has the components of a very good basketball team there, the future looks bright for Houston fans.
Lin_Beard_Sanity::are you not a Houston fan? per se monsier?
salamanderNT::Nuggets fan.  Following Linsanity, just because I like the story.  Drama has been following this young man sine February 14th.  It's a great story, and even the haters add to story.  It's basketball, and this is some "fun to watch" and "interesting to follow "basketball.
DangeRus2012::as soon as Lin and Harden learn how to play together this team is gonna be scary. With the supporting cast getting better every game, I think they should have no problem making it to the playoffs.
Sector1019::Harden is fine. Lin just needs to play aggressive...when he does, he's fine too.
salamanderNT::I think Lin's injury is no longer nagging him.  He's been steadily improving for the last several games, shooting over 45% in the last 10 games.
Glenagglenag::lin is fine if the coaches just let him run the point as a pg not as a spot up shooter
nbafanatic69::whoa, slow down there.  they're getting better, but they have a serious consistency issue.  get rid of mchale and you might have a chance.
MJs Cargo Shorts::Do you think Bynum will cut his hair when he starts playing or not? A Center with an afro could be an advantage though lol.
EaglesFan_4-Life::LMAOOOO SIXERS suck. HAHA
nbafanatic69::Minus 3 of their top players, they did ok.
earlealston::The Houston Rockets: The Most Schizo Team in the NBA....
USAKnicksfan::There is no need for racism and hating on anyone. please stop the hating. its is sad that they say so many evil things about players and races.
nbafanatic69::Anyone know the status of Patterson?
NewAges::Lin's 85% ready was a lie....His performance was still poor through preseason and beginning of regular season, can't you tell?
JLinNASA::If Lin came back from surgery in the Heat - Knicks playoff, he would not have help because he was not game ready.  Then fans would boo him for being bad.
5856Rach::He is getting better. Please be patient ..unless you really hates the fact Rockets offered  him a good contract.  No body will turn down the only job offer he has.  And Lin just goes from there.  If he is not improving, he will be waived, don't worry. fair?
5856Rach::I would not wish Jeremy Lin to play when he was not ready.  It is sad if you had a 2nd injury and ended up like Shump. Your career is almost over as a rookie. Health = Career. Lin made a right decision.
nbafanatic69::Think he'll play if he's , say, 85% ready?  I know of a former Knicks player who wouldn't, and that let us down big time when we needed him... :(
JLinNASA::How is Baron Davis doing?  What is his recovery time?  And Shump?
salamanderNT::Let it go man.  Lin went back to MSG with his new team, and spanked your Knicks.  Move on.
3rdCoastTexan281::Out indefinitely
5856Rach::WHY?
Xnmt::As an Iowa State fan, I want to apologize to Houston for Royce White's over-the-top behavior. I'm glad Houston has enough personnel without him.
Glenagglenag::it's mchale's fault i read he's the one wanted to sign him.
salamanderNT::Houston's winning so this is a forgotten story, and should remain so. Hopefully White will get it together and start playing B-Ball again.
Lin_Beard_Sanity::the guy has no issue getting tattoos but cant fly   something aint adding up here..
rEdBuLxTaSy::THERE'S A REASON FOR EVERYTHING.  JUST GIVE THE KID A BREAK FOR HIS MENTAL ISSUES :):):)
nbafanatic69::White's a monster, but he's also his own worst enemy.
aggieslovemen::do you know what's happening with that? I haven't heard anything since the whole flying hting
Xnmt::Well, I just read this: http://houston.cbslocal.com/2012/12/19/royce-white-continues-to-dodge-questions/  Basically, he's continuing to whine about mental illness not being taken seriously, while giving no specifics as to what Houston has done or has failed to do.
aggieslovemen::Harden is nasty
