Scooter-BA-69::Ok hear me out maan...... I dont care what anybody thinks about him, but Rodney Stucky is the best damn basketball player in the NBA..... I have never seen a more underrated player in my life. I dont know why he dosent have the fan support that lebron has. He is easily a better man, player, and lover ;) #the best
Noondog112378::that ball just zips around w/o that melo in there...
coolio198::When JR smith was broke in the beggining of the season he was shooting in the mid to high 40% and has gradually sunk to 39% shooting .   looks like he is back to partying since the checks been coming in
Angelo3359::Bench was a plus 65 and starters a minus 15.  Felton is so inconsistent, 7 turnovers to 4 assists.  With the wildness of JR Felton needs to be more careful with his ball handling and wild drives.  Defense down the end was great with steals and turnovers, but as a team need to be more consistent and move the ball around.
DaPhillies::Amare is very efficient.  His FG% has to be at least 60.
Alabamian666::Knicks much better team without Melo.
L.A Fakers::Pretty much proves how overrated Melo is. And the idiots who say he is even close to MVP don't know what they are talking about.
Mets-Jets-Knicks-Isles19::I'll agree he's not in the MVP race anymore...but to call him overrated is not accurate. He's a TOP 5 player.
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::kinda interesting that neither K-Mart or Copeland saw any minutes last night when we're short at the forward spot
Donnie Walsh::In addition, I wouldn't play Melo until next week - we've been rushing guys back too early (Shump, Felton &amp; Sheed) and now we're seeing the impact of those decisions !!
Donnie Walsh::Still don't understand why we haven't picked up a young Point that can get up &amp; down and defend while Felton gets a 15 mpg blow !! We're gonna run the guy in the ground before the Playoffs !!!  I'd cut No Flight White in a NY second ! Meanwhile Boston has picked up Crawford, Terence Williams &amp; DJ White to go with their younger backcourt!
Donnie Walsh::I'm scratchin my head also - Woody has a plan - it's just not that clear to us and I have my doubts that it'll work in the end !!
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::lol true.  I don't think the lineup he's been using will look anything like what he uses in the playoffs anyways, so its not a huge concern I guess.  But you would think he'd at least want to see how usefull those 2 can be, especially if Melo goes out again, and especially against a team like Detroit, while we're not in a "must win" situation...
Donnie Walsh::Maybe they're both in Woody's doghouse for some unknown reason !!
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::yeah I'm begining to wonder.  I figured Cope wouldn't play much but given Melo is out, I figured this would be a good test to see where Kenyon was at physically
Donnie Walsh::Would anyone trade for Tyrus Thomas (lots of potential BUT head case) seeing how Knicks have a string of older Bigs that are either ineffective or unhealthy ?
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::no
Donnie Walsh::Ur prob rite just tryin to figure out to get more athletic &amp; younger in order to challenge OKC, Miami &amp; The Clips down the road &amp; this team does NOT do it from a matchup perspective. But Playoff Bball is primarily half court execution so.......
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::believe it or not, Camby and Kurt are still 2 of the best post defenders in the league...its about all they do well at this point, but a team that is trying to make its name on defense needs guys like that
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::its tempting, but I think we'll need a guy like Novak in the playoffs.  If he doesn't show up (like last night lol) then I guess it'll be a you told me so kinda situation, but I love having 3 point shooters off the bench..."snipers on the roof" I call them.  As for Camby, I really think we'll need him and Thomas to be goons in the playoffs as well.  I'm not really looking for anything offensively out of them.  Just keep Amare and Tyson out of foul trouble
Donnie Walsh::Not even if it meant moving Camby &amp; Novak &amp; Taking back a pick from Charlotte?
1973Iceman::Short-handed Knicks?  I know they were missing Melo, but the Pistons were without their best player, Monroe, Head Coach, and not to mention really missing the presence of Drummond.
Donnie Walsh::True !!
Donnie Walsh::In all fairness - Amare, Felton &amp; Shump played solid Bball last nite aside from the TOs!!
TheAvenger007::How the $@%, did Jose get 16 boards?
Slangin bricks::dimes not boards
giofls6871::A win is a win is a win in the NBA, especially on the road.  The Knicks played horribly and without their star player and still managed a victory.  End of story...  for this game.  Next game will be another story.
flag_me_if_you_can::ugly win, better step it up tonight
Randy1720::Go KNICKS!!!!!!         http://GameHighlightsKnicks.qr.net/freshsportnews
Honey_Badger_Dont_Care::Wow, the Knicks are so much better without Melo.
dmdpro::lol how
and1baller753::HAHAH I LOVE IT!! Where is Mr. Bill Simmons now? This dude talking like he knows basketball saying how Ray Ray has been absent since his injury....well how's 26 4 and 6 Mr. Simmons...dude is a straight clown
Fl_Cerberus::knicks are .500 without melo. If we use laker fans standards that is a great record.
Hawkins694life::im currently shoving my Panis into a warm apple pie while thinking of my sexy 24 year old math teacher who is only 6 years older than me
ShillJackson::'are you gonna eat that?'     --Melo
richiemets7::even other trolls dont think thats funny nice try tho man
jack frrom the titanic::Knicks future looks good:  Camby 38 Kenyon 35 Rasheed 38 Pirgerioni 35 Kurt Thomas 40 Kidd 39  Looks good abd capped out with no draft picks
RO7NY::what's even more funny is how the people he named are only on one year deals... some of them on 10 day deals.  They will not even count towards the Knicks cap next season.
and1baller753::Melo 28 Ray Felton 28 Tyson Chandler 30 Iman Shumpert 22 JR Smith 27 Steve Novak 28   .......what are you talking about my man....
richiemets7::ur spelling proves ur knowledge  u hav no life
Fahim58::all bench players
jack frrom the titanic::and capped out with no draft picks
richiemets7::jack get some friends man
richiemets7::no one likes ur comments bc no one likes u
jack frrom the titanic::will you be my friend, friend?
jack frrom the titanic::Hey Guys, I'm back and Melo is still a ball hogging chucker
richiemets7::no1 responds... bc no1 cares
richiemets7::jack u r the classic stereotypical fan who has no idea what hes talking about
jack frrom the titanic::Sometimes that happens
Alpine2285::40-22, which team is that?
richiemets7::i love melo but i think hes gonna play tomorrow (which i am going to) i love him and im sure hes kindof hurt but i think embaressment played into it a little bit. these guys hav crazy egos
jack frrom the titanic::man love with Melo
Fl_Cerberus::you love him?
Alpine2285::you got me there Richie, we'll see what happens next week, hope Melo can play
richiemets7::the same team that lost to the knicks
richiemets7::37-21  33-29  guess which team is which (hint, one has melo, one has lin)
richiemets7::fun question! jack ask us one now!
jack frrom the titanic::what tean is younger and has draft picks and is under the cap?  Oh yea, Harden or Melo
t casey::lol No one can be that bad.
DanNYC1628::i'd rather melo, harden makes Melo look like bill russell on defense
8988james::harden obviously isnt that good, or else okc would be worse without him...not better than ever
richiemets7::james.
8988james::oh oh oh pick me!!!
Alpine2285::The Nugz rejects won't get out of the 1st round....book it
richiemets7::what r u talking about
jack frrom the titanic::thay didn't with melo for 8 years
richiemets7::the knicks beat the nuggets this season
8988james::12.8 and 6.2  14.5 and 6.0  one player makes 9 million, the other makes 3 million.....guess which player is which(hint, one player the knicks didnt sign, the other they did)
richiemets7::trying to be funny bc he sounds like an idiot
DanNYC1628::i was just guessing, who are they?
richiemets7::dan u idiot
jack frrom the titanic::Dan Issel from denver?
richiemets7::jack he was making fun of u
jack frrom the titanic::who was?
jack frrom the titanic::It must be Roy and Rubio
DanNYC1628::is it lin and felton by any chance?
jack frrom the titanic::If Lin would have resigned with the Knicks, Melo would have destroyed his game like last year
richiemets7::u just dont know sports
richiemets7::yeah jack bedtime bud. because now they are implementing the luxury tax. dude study up
jack frrom the titanic::you Melo lovers have no idea what team play is like the last time the Knicks won in 73
richiemets7::jack dude stop telling us things we already know. yes thats what makes them different players. good job! and james i agree completley they made the right move we need jr novak kidd and felton and the system is working
8988james::not to mention, they wouldnt have had money to sign either jr, novak, kidd or felton  btw, how is houston doing again?
8988james::so lets recap  knicks with lin = 7th seed  knicks without lin = 2nd seed  run along now, dont wanna be cranky for mom in the morning
jack frrom the titanic::Dolan has more billions, just like he went over the cap with Isiah, money means nothing to him, plus what do I care if he has to pay cap penalties  Houston is 7th or 8th seed west
richiemets7::yeah like seriously whats ur point. obviously, they r two completley different players.
jack frrom the titanic::One shares the ball, the other doesn't
8988james::get a new argument....this is so 15 months ago
8988james::does JR know what a set shot is? why does he feel the need to fall away on every single shot
oh ok 28::i can't stand how many times jr shoots honestly those shots should be going to stat stat shoots a higher percentage jr needs to stop chucking
oh ok 28::yea but as a player you need to be smart and realize when your not hot cut the crap and stop shooting a guy like amares putting up 9 shoots a game and shooting 590 and averaging 14 per give him some of those shots
richiemets7::im so glad hes a knick. he wins us so many games
Alpine2285::sounds familiar, so glad the Nugz got rid of that guy
richiemets7::thats what u get with jr. he wins u games and loses u games. his shot selection is often frusturating but he can get hot quick
jack frrom the titanic::agreed, he is wild at times when the Knicks should be countin down the clock
jack frrom the titanic::I would like to see Melo in Dancing with the Stars
jack frrom the titanic::I used my IBM program Galaxy and plugged in the game w/Melo in, Pistons 95...Knicks 90
richiemets7::the knicks killed the pistons earlier in the season with melo
Alpine2285::Funny how neither the Knicks or the Nugz skip a beat w/out Melo
richiemets7::see u attempt to be funny bc u cant make any valid arguments.
richiemets7::not on sports
jack frrom the titanic::My major was ball hogging
richiemets7::thats not how we play. we play a spread pick and roll, we play melo iso if draw the double team move it and find an open 3. dude u ignored every point i just made bc u dont know what ur talking about
jack frrom the titanic::I have my GED though
richiemets7::if u think lin wouldve been the answer long term ur insane. linsanity was awesome the energy in the garden was crazy but he cant be the star. if you watched the games u would know melo is not the knikcs ball stopper. melo draws double teams then passes, and spreads the floor for the spread pick and roll
jack frrom the titanic::then plays ISOMelo while the other four guys stand around
jack frrom the titanic::Melo is the Knicks ball stopper
richiemets7::u dont know sports clearly. the knicks hav a .500 record without melo this year, so clearly they have skipped a beat
Fl_Cerberus::if you as a laker fan .500 is very good.
Alpine2285::they did just fine without him last year when Lin stepped in
Jganon93::i dont understand the point of starting kurt thomas and james white. Can a knick fan help me out here?
richiemets7::i watch every knick game and i can't find a reason for it but i dont mind it bc jr and sometimes amare go in like 4 minutes into the game anyway
richiemets7::idk jr smith is my favorite player but somehow im fine with that move.
Dave Knows Best::" Good win tonight... who's down for some Krispy Kreme? I'm buyin' "  - Ray Felton
msu for the win2::23-40.......23 and f*cking 40
thyshakes::Yup, with Sticky Ball Melo out, NY Nuggets once again will have a chance at wining.
KG7706::lets not forget we were playing the Pistons tonight and they were missing players also
AmareRax::Ya they only have a top 7 record when he plays and couldn't win a game when he missed 5 games earlier this seaosn
NoleEngineer::That Knickerbocker defense :-D
Philip3664::Good thing about this being the last game against the Knicks this season is we dont have to see the idiotic posts by Isola.
GeorgetownDC39::@ Detroit you are not going to out tank us
Philip3664::lol....
msu for the win2::Fck you...we've got this
Dun157::Where are the highlights ESPN? Somehow you're showing the Cavs highlights from the other day. Get it together!
63Stanley::Start stat tomorrow in case melo sits again and they have to go against durant
ROID TIDE::1- Knight 2- Mayo 3- McLemore 4- Drummond 5- Monroe
msu for the win2::no way we get McLemore
Scott50559::Been betting with an  online system called SportsBettingStar for a few months.  Ive made over $3,000 a month now for 3 straight months since I started following it.  This system was on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
Scott50559::I started playing an online bet system called Sportsbettingstar. Since I started I have made an average profit of $3,000 a month. I hope that this reaches someone that is looking for an online betting system that really works well. I found this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.  I strongly encourage you to check this out if you bet at all.
SenorPapino::Seriously Detroit needs a wing that can score in the worst possible way.  Get Porter, Muhammad, or Oladipo.  77 points in inexcusable.
mattcowboys77AD::would be a miracle if pistons can lure AI away from Denver. With the rest of the money the pistons have they need to resign calderon and get monroe a new contract.
Hi There_::Another AI from Denver will save the Pistons huh?
ROID TIDE::or McLemore?
ROID TIDE::my BPA for this draft is McLemore, Porter, Muhammed, Oladipo. Smart and Noel are useless, and im pretty sure we can land 1 of the 4. Hopefully Porter, unless we win the lottery.
SenorPapino::Unfortunately, even if the Pistons go in full tank mode I don't think they will get a top 2 pick to get McLemore
jake4659::detroit will be good in a few years... they have a lot of talent just too young and inexperienced but like you said when they add one of those guys man watch out their building the right way
kidqayumi::SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEDD
Best-Market-for-sports-wins-1-playoff-game-every-13-years::Bed sheets a little rough and itchy? Throw them in the wash with some MarshMelo for that extra soft and fluffy feeling!
chickenshack95::ur knees will hurt to if u had to carry a team on ya back
mattcowboys77AD::PISTONS FANS WE ARE ON THE FRONT PAGE BABY!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol
