jaredthedrummer::Lets be honest, both teams have talent and it would be an entertaining series match-up if/when it happens. True OKC has some stars and true DEN has depth. It will be interesting to see what wins down the stretch. Most would say you have to win with a superstar, but there is an exception to every rule. (04 Pistons)
COLOTIME4114::DEMVERBOIL1993******, AWSOME LINK MY FRIEND, AWSOME. What a typical WESTBRICK TANTRUM.
CrownTheKing6::how can anyone say westbrook sucks? He is the only reason that OKC had a chance in this one. He would be undoubtedly the number 1 option on at least 25 other teams.
COLOTIME4114::That's why Brooks and the front office should trade him. If they do Westbrick would be able to take his tantrums with him
012garrett::really thats the only thing he did and i thought it was pretty funny you guys mad u didnt get your chips and queso that game russell is a great person and player all he was doing was having alittle fun
COLOTIME4114::What would you be saying if roles reversed. But don't care really. It's Westbrick , would not expect anything different from him.
denverboi1993::Nobody outside of Oklahoma likes Westbrook regardless of what your clouded judgement tells you. Any fan base will tell you what the Nuggets fans have been saying. Don't be so nieve.
denverboi1993::Russell is a great person? hahahaha  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wLTGvp5ctU
colosportsman::Westbrook does not suck as a player. The guy is extremelly talented.. But he does as a person. Thats why nobody is going to root for the little baby.
colosportsman::Nuggets fans will forever hate him for that.. He needs to stop messing with other teams entertainment, that have absolutely nothing to do with him.  Rocky hits that shot..and the fans get Chalupas.
SOONER.FAN86::I agree. He embarrasses me sometimes but other times he inspires me. He just needs to channel his emotions better. And stop messing with other teams mascots.
COLOTIME4114::Wait to go DEN. Awsome WIN. Keep flying under the radar. Gotta get that 4th seed. GETTER DONE DENVER
COLOTIME4114::DENVER is ruling this year. No so called SUPERSTARS yet we keep winning. Gotta love it
TWex2120::No but the way people talk about Denver is annoying as hell. This dude can praise them to the high heavens but as history has shown they have failed in big ways OVER and OVER again. You dont get to have it both ways. "oh we are the team nobody is talking about but we are just as good" then when the predicatable happens and they get killed in the playoffs "oh well we are a lower seed middle ground team nothing was expected of us". Its lame as hell and Denver has been playing this track for a decade now. The NBA is run on stars and while i like that Denver has a deep team and all it just doesnt win in the playoffs. Stars run this league whether we like it or not.
Judge Smails.::Tough to choke when you are the lower seed.
TWex2120::What the f.uck are you ranting about? Are you high? Denver has been the epitome of chokers for a decade now. Get out of the first round on a regular basis and people might take them more serious.
COLOTIME4114::Don't live in the past. You know how that has worked out for you guys. And we like our chances against anyone. Why should we say any different. We have beat all the "so called great teams" this year. Don't get to worried yet about DENVER. We will have to see where they are all seeded.. Oh if you want to go on about "7 game Matchups" the Sonic-Thunder does not match up at all against the HEAT. Right? And Westbrick sucks on "D".
012garrett::you know if you play okc in the playoffs you have no chance how denver plays basketbal doesnt work in playoffs and it has showed for the past many years
COLOTIME4114::How does Denver play basketball. Ill tell you what ESPN doesn't and since you don't look at standings here it is ,,,,,,,,DENVER WINS. That's how they PLAY BASKETBALL . They WIN. You need me to comment again on "how they play basketball" OK one more time ,,,, they WIN. Just helping you out. Thank me later Sonic-Thunder fan.
COLOTIME4114::Oh OK, you must get ALL your material from THAT ESPN CHANNEL. LMAOFF
SOONER.FAN86::Man you Nugget fans are ridiculous. You act like OKC doesn’t stand a chance because you beat us twice at home but barely? And didn’t OKC destroy you in OKC? I guess you guys are getting home court against us.
012garrett::well when its 2-2 and okc blows denver out agian we all will know who the better team is which is okc
SOONER.FAN86::I dont think you guys are getting what Im saying....
colosportsman::2-1  series advantage is a 2-1 advantage. In a playoff series i would take 4 close wins against 3 blowout wins every single time.
TWex2120::Long nba tradition of what? Denver has NEVER won an NBA title. Not even a NBA conference title. The Thunder franchise (Seattle) at least has something and they are the better team. Only a fool would use the regular season as an indicator of playoff success.
COLOTIME4114::HE11 YA PARTNER. Remember the Sonic-Thunder fans are NEW at this NBA stuff. DENVER has a LONG and HISTORIC ABA/NBA TRADITION. Most, not all but most don't understand that. GETTER DONE DENVER.
SOONER.FAN86::Do you know what home court advantage is?
denverboi1993::So you're saying you'd rather be down 1-2 with your one win coming as a blowout then be up 2-1 in the series? What a clown.
COLOTIME4114::Most of these Sonic-Thunder fans have to bring up the past couple years to validate their existence as a dynasty. Yes some Sonic-Thunder fans believe they are in the middle of a dynasty run. Thought you had to win multi-championships to be considered as a dynasty. And YES Sonic-Thunder fans the City of Denver does HAVE a LONG HISTORY of PRO basketball TRADITION. Check it out Sonic-Thunder fans. Remember how the OKC seasons first started out. I used to like the Sonic-Thunder, coming from a small market, geographically situated and a darn good coach. But after the last 3 years your bandwagon fans make it hard to pull for them to represent the Western Conference or other WC teams if DN is out of it. Remember the Sonic-Thunder use to be cellar dwellers. GETTER DONE DENVER
Epicurusxm::And again a game where the Thunder lose, and it's Westbrook getting the criticism. I'm not gonna say sometimes it isn't warranted, but since the all-star break Westbrook has been hot, and Durant has looked as if he is in a lull. I also get that Durant is going to take the last shot most of the time, but they need to start giving Westbrook a shot at a couple. Specifically in a game like this, when he played such a big scoring role and shot the ball well. I thought the same thing after the Houston game too. Durant was way off that whole game, Westbrook had just made a contested 3 to get them close, but Durant still got the chance to tie the game.
Judge Smails.::The fact that those triple doubles stand out for Durant as much as they do should end any debate as to whether he is as good as James.
012garrett::durant always seems to go in a slump about this time but picks his game up he will have a huge game and ide it into the playoffs but what funny is a slump for kd is haveing 2 triple doubles in like the past 5 games since the all star gam
colosportsman::Durant hit that last shot. His problem is he is pretty dumb giving the Nuggets 17.8 seconds to run the clock down and take the shot..Like Lawson said..No way was the Thunder going to get another shot. He was either going to win the game or they where going into OT. He took the shot with about a second left. .2 was on the clock for the Thunder. Thats as close to impossible as you can get.
Judge Smails.::Nuggets made the same mistake on their previous possession.  With a quick shot they could have had a 2 for 1.
kobelovespassing::KD chocked
012garrett::kd never chokes his shot just wasnt falling hes in a slump right now he will get out of it
bobbydigital5280::As coach Carl said in an interview a few weeks ago. "We are gonna shock the world and win a title without a superstar"  Nuggets play team basketball, score fast and at will. We lead in almost every offenisve catagory. Points, rebounds, points in the paint, dunks, points off turnovers, fast break points.       Denver will be playing in June watch out!
ryanspradlin::Why is it that every time these teams play, OKC gets twice as many free throws despite being totally out hustled? It's ridiculous. Lucky for the Nuggets, they managed to have enough in the tank to be all 8 OKC players on the floor.
ryanspradlin::My favorite one from last night was when Chandler had his hand out on Westbrook on the perimeter and Westbrook took the shot. Chandler was at least 12 inches away and the ref blew the whistle before the ball even left Westbrook's hand. That was hilarious. The thunder were down by 6 in the 4th at that point but they sure had to get creative to help them erase that deficit.
ryanspradlin::Call it what you want... it's 2-1 in spite of extremely favorable officiating .
012garrett::ryan r you forgetting the blowout in okc where okc dominated denver denver is not a faster team then okc it was just horribe defense by okc in them first three quarters
Judge Smails.::No, Denver is absolutely the faster team.  It isn't very close.
ryanspradlin::In 3 games this season the Thunder have shot 108 FTs. That's averaging 36 FTs per game. That's crazy considering the Nuggets are faster and out hustled them in every game so far. I wish I could see the stat for how many FTs they've had in the 4th quarters because (like last night) that seems to be when the refs feel like they need to give OKC a chance to get back in the game.
epitome1986::it is not just against the nuggets. any time it is a close game, the thunder tend to get crazy amounts of calls go in their favor. i remember durant had back to back 20+ free throw games earlier in the season. one against the mavs who barely lost and i forgot who the second team was.
SouthStander132::I read somewhere that Westbrook had as many free throws as the whole Nuggets team.
BurnabyJoeFan::Same FT percentage too
Vaughnz011::Scott Brooks has to go !!! His rotations are terrible. Stop feeling entitled to play Perkins and Fisher they are trash.
012garrett::you are so stupid without brooks this team is no where near who they are now perkins plays becuase hes a great defender down low and defense wins games
COLOTIME4114::VERY TRUE, like I said above, the Sonic-Thunder fans are all new at this NBA STUFF. They have a fantastic coach and they want to get ride of him. It is LAUGHABLE.
ffac789::Way to represent for the Tarheels Lawson!
Boston17rings::the nuggets style is good for reg. season but come playoff time it'll be the same ole' nuggets.  They can't function at a playoff "grind it out" pace.  George Carl is a joke.
SouthStander132::Yawn...
beavis4play::celtics.....lol.......what, EXACTLY, are the celtics going to do in the playoffs? denver is BETTER than the celtics.
Genghis Kittah::According to the fans of the ever delusional Boston team they are the only legit contenders to Miami
Genghis Kittah::Thank you for your input smart celtics fan
iwantfrysREBORN::do you know how many times sefolosha has let someone shoot those low shot clock jumpers? ALOT
-tpac_12::ESPN logic: this was a good game so lets have 30 second highlights and talk about what LeBron had for breakfast for 5 minutes
iwantfrysREBORN::it didnt happen, so I guess your logic sucks
oblique15::actually it did, notice how the Heat game is listed after this one even though this game was later and better
diehardnr1::Westbrook is what JR Smith would have been without George Karl...a streaky, arrogant, egotistic starter...one who will lose as many games as he wins for you...and makes sure he gets "his", regardless of team flow...
012garrett::russel is way more athletic better scorer more talented knows how to win games good passer i can go on and on
Dipsom4ania::You're right.  JR Smith is taller.
Vaughnz011::you sound stupid.. westbrook and jr are nothing alike
-tpac_12::I hope the Thunder (mostly Westbrook) continue to get humbled that officiating was awful Westbrook blows up at the smallest things. I am astonished  the Thunder haven't sent him to anger management classes
2705chase::He's still a kid that needs to grow up.....
-tpac_12::Very true. Being upset is one thing. Blowing up at your teammates and yelling like a $@%!$ is another. Which is why I hope he never gets a ring.
Genghis Kittah::All mock drafts have the thunder grabbing Michael carter-Williams with their pick from Houston, he leads the nation in assists for those that don't know.... So maybe this is then ousting Westbrook if they actually get him
012garrett::russel is a starter for a long time on this team haers just need to go away russels goods out way his bads
ryanspradlin::I'm more interested in which officials OKC is going to draft for next season.
Genghis Kittah::Then don't comment here
ffac789::He's a bench player until he gets some experience, no one ever said he wasn't an all-star.
charlie hustle bets the over::That's them realizing that derek fisher is not the answer at the backup 1
Genghis Kittah::This was way before they had fisher, and carter Williams isn't a bench player he could be an all star
segunm1::if only the thunder had a guy like kyrie smh
Dipsom4ania::Yeah, if only the Thunder could draft first overall picks every year!
Phatepiclewts::Rockets fans feel for you, OKC. Same thing happened to us with Monta Ellis.  But yeah, Westbrick sucks, trade him for a pass first point guard so Durant gets more looks.
012garrett::what the f is your problem with russel he was the reason they had a chance in this game russel is the most athletic pg in the game right now
Jonnyb8717::On a night when we saw the most athletic PG in the NBA, you come in here and claim the guy on the other team was he...  LAWSON is the most athletic PG in the NBA!  Westbrook is a better scorer though....
Genghis Kittah::And also I agree on the trade Westbrook part, but then again as a nuggets fan I love watching him take shots from durant
Genghis Kittah::Ty Lawson made a shot, he didn't throw up a prayer and get the luckiest bounces this side the Mississippi
SouthStands::A lot of disparaging conversation on here...don't really understand it.  I'm a huge Denver fan and was really excited about the victory last night. That said, the Thunder are a very talented team and are in the mix as the best team in the NBA. A lot of Westbrook hate...I have to admit I'm not a fan, but it has nothing to do with his talent. He is a great scorer and kept the Thunder in last night's game when Durant's perimeter game was not as reliable as it typically is (9 for 20).  Denver has work to do, but this Nuggets' team has all the tools to run with and hang with anyone. Lawson is developing into the player we all hoped he would and I am 100% confident with him in crunch time. Whether he is taking the shot or collapsing the defense and kicking the ball to the perimeter, I have confidence that Ty will make the right decision with the game in the balance.  Great game all around...I'm hopeful the basketball world gets to see these teams do battle in the WCF...what an entertaining series that would be!
SouthStander132::I agree - last night's game was between two similar teams - young, fast, hard playing.  Westbrook is amazingly  talented, but he's such an $@%!$@%.  I know he thrives in being the villain, so be it.  Just makes him easy to hate when he behaves like such a jerk.
COLOTIME4114::ESPN when speaking about the DENVER NUGGETS that pitiful Inside the NBA or what ever the lame program is called said "who exactly is the face of the Nuggets?" Who really cares I thought it was a team game so the "face of the Nuggets" should be a poster of all of them. The face of all the teams are popular scorers and now they don't know what to do with DEN as they don't have a MR. POPULAR on the team. THEY JUST KEEP WINNING. GETTER DONE DENVER
Genghis Kittah::It's espn bro you can't actually listen to them about this kind of stuff, only reason I watch that is for details on trades or signings
COLOTIME4114::Don't watch anymore, watched to get injury updates on teams in the western conference and that was about 5 weeks ago. I do agree
mcook813::Good riddance to the Thunder. I was at the game last night and the amount of calls they get is simply ridiculous. Westbrook and Durant get more ghost calls than anyone else in the league. Luckily the Nuggets put that immature idiot (Westbrook) in his place. Can't wait to watch him cost the Thunder a championship every year.
chrisausten1203::Tough loss for the OKC. Why so many fans hate Westbrook? Give the boy a break. He is a great player.
VonDoomSquad::Same reason people hate DWade, he's arrogant and entitled, and also destroys your team.  From a Nuggets fan.
Genghis Kittah::Wade is nowhere near Westbrook Westbrook is in Kobe territory wade is a good player that accepte the role of 2nd option on his team
BavarianM3::read my post below
pipclooney6_realNBA_analyst::There is honestly no team in the East or West which pose a threat to Miami.  Miami Heat repeats this year and takes the Finals in 5.
diehardnr1::Indy will end the repeat talk...book it
bearsbball12::Miami struggled with Memphis at home last night. There are at least 3 teams in the west better than them. The Heat are a great team, but they aren't gonna just destroy whoever they face in the finals.
DownloadFirefox::Spurs
charlie hustle bets the over::lol
BavarianM3::if u say
pipclooney6_realNBA_analyst::Miami was in the Finals last season, so they've seen first hand what to expect from a team like the Thunder. As it stands now, the Spurs and Thunder will most likely be fighting for that Finals appearance.
BavarianM3::pipclooney6_realNBA_analyst - The Western Conf has better teams than the Eastern Conf. but none of them pose a threat to Miami. Miami can handle anything out of the West soundly.  It's the regular season. Wait for them to make the Conf Final to make that prediction.
pipclooney6_realNBA_analyst::The Western Conf has better teams than the Eastern Conf. but none of them pose a threat to Miami. Miami can handle anything out of the West soundly.
climb171::Nuggets owned the Thunder.  KFaried beasting.
DonksRocksNuggs::Awwww poor thunder boy is upset his team can't beat the Nuggets. Kick rocks loser.
ThunderPokes405::Troll... Acting like an idiot... Hates himself on the inside... never beasted on anybody but his sister... troll.
climb171::You seem to be projecting your thoughts and basic instincts regarding family relations onto others.  You seem very angry.  But it is just one game.  Thunder has a great team but they got owned last night by my Nuggets.  Move along little boy.;
DownloadFirefox::Owned is blowing a 12 point lead in the 4th quarter and winning with a 5'10" point guard hitting a step back jumper to win?
climb171::Yep....pretty amazing that the little guy got the shot off.  Owned.
climb171::I dont understand your concern regarding liking my comments.  I like my comments very much but I dont have a need to like them to make myself feel better.  I feel very good actually.  My Nuggets owned the thunder last night.  Thanks for your concern.
BavarianM3::Nuggets didn't owned anybody. They won, yes, but owned, really?
COLOTIME4114::The Sonic-Thunder are new at the NBA.
BavarianM3::climb171 - Owned.   Thunder leaves the court with heads down...tails between legs...hating Westbrook.......Owned.....KFaried beasting.  If liking your own comments make you feel better, go right ahead.
climb171::Owned.   Thunder leaves the court with heads down...tails between legs...hating Westbrook.......Owned.....KFaried beasting.
BavarianM3::climb171 - Beasting....and owned.....check score.  lol they won by 2 points.
climb171::Beasting....and owned.....check score.
bombina::Derek "Airballing" Flopper - signed to try to collect a ring, oh, but you wanted veteran leadership right? Guess he brings the right approach to the game, when he asks to be released by Utah and Mavs for family reasons and then stabs each team in the back.
npersonett::His daughter has autism or something like it and wanted to move to cali from utah for better treatment.
Genghis Kittah::Which is why he plays on OKC, where I can promise they have terrible care for that stuff
BavarianM3::????
BavarianM3::You have the best scorer in the NBA, 6-10 dude with long a.s.s. arms, basically length, who's won the scoring title 3 times, and is almost impossible to stop, waving his arms up and down the court, begging, literally, begging westbrick to give him the ball, and what does westbrick do? He's JACKS up a three that barely grazes the rim and Denver hit a three at the other end. The fact that westbrick, almost every game ignores KD when he's wide open, almost 98% of the time to jack up his own shots is ridiculous. There's so many people to blame for his behavior and decision making. For crying out load, the two coaches are former PG's. What the hell are they doing in OKC? We can barely keep a lead, defense has dipped, offense is atrocious, everything about this team does not convince anybody that they can beat MIA. Westbrick takes more shots than the 3-time scoring champion? Really? Really? REALLY? How does that happen? Oh wait, KD allows it and even encourages it. Deep down inside, I know KD is frustrated at his so called PG. I feel OKC would be better off if they let KD handle the ball from now one. He's shown that he can deliver. My point is that Skip is right, OKC will fail because of Westbrick, I truly believe that now. Don't agree with me, fine, but watch, tension will arise in the playoffs if Westbrick is still allowed to take those stupid pull up threes that hit the rim, backboard, and then the shot clock.
bombina::What Westbrook is doing is nothing new. This has always been the case, and OKC should have thought about it before giving him the max. Harden would have been a better keep at the max than Westbrook, since he is a better playmaker and can also score as well.
bombina::There is nothing to see, OKC doesn't have the veteran leadership (I won't take Fisher seriously) or the talent to take down Miami. You have clutch players in LBJ, Wade, Ray on Miami. They have been there, done it, and know what it takes to win. OKC is still a spring chicken when it comes winning anything. I hope the Celtics can beat Miami, but even I have my expectations set realistically.
BavarianM3::bombina - Even if you had Harden over Westbrook, you are still not taking down the Big 4 from Miami. This is coming from a Celtics fan. Right now, I can't see many team beating them and LBJ is playing on a whole different level.  We'll see.
bombina::Even if you had Harden over Westbrook, you are still not taking down the Big 4 from Miami. This is coming from a Celtics fan. Right now, I can't see many team beating them and LBJ is playing on a whole different level.
BavarianM3::I would have loved to see harden stay over westbrick. Harden actually makes his shots. He will cost OKC a trip to the final and prove skip right.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::I just want to thank thunder organization for trading Harden to Rockets.  It was a stellar move for both teams initially and now we are seeing the fruits of Harden's labor(Rockets) or not(Thunder) as the season ages and playoff talk is upon us!!
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::If thunder need a new or good bench, wasn't Harden on that bench?    Harden should have gotten Ibaka's money if you ask me..
twasbury::And lose their defensive presence on the inside? Say what you want about who is the better player, but Ibaka's role is more vital to the Thunder.
DonksRocksNuggs::Thankfully for Houston.
charlie hustle bets the over::thankfully no one asked you
Jaboopsta::Westbrook is taking too many shots and they MISS HARDEN!!
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::ditto on the miss Harden.
Qzhoopin20::If you're gonna take shots, then MAKE THEM!! Westbrook shot 52% last night, and never stopped competing. I don't think he was the problem. Those missed FT's did hurt though, but they need more from others!
no.37::westbrook took enough shots. did you watch the game. he was a big reason the thunder were even in the game. dont just look at the box score.
no.37::thunder need a bench and a new coach. they were really badly out coached, either that or the players dont know how to run any sets. the offense basically appears that westbrook and durant take turns going iso. with little if any movement from the other players. further, it is becoming increasingly obvious presti made the stupid and wrong decision of trading harden and keeping ibaka. there are several ibaka like players in the league, and few if any players like harden.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Should have kept Superstar James Harden. This will be the reason why OKC will not win a NBA Championship this year.
knicks_112ndcoming::this team needs to be durants or westbrooks team. i dont think they can mesh  together as leader.
Qzhoopin20::Why does it have to be anyone's team?? Just do your job!! I do think Westbrook is more of a natural leader than Durant, but Durant is a better player.
charlie hustle bets the over::Yeah they have a terrible record.  /s
MythDaEmcee::Why I hate announcers: "The refs aren't calling the fouls when the bigs are  going straight up." - says the astute Jon Barry.   Between stuff like that and when they always question a charging call because a players feet aren't anchored into the ground, read the rulebook! Your feet don't have to be set, you just have to be in a legal defensive position which is defined as being in front of the offensive player, there is no mention of the feet!
Qzhoopin20::You shoud've gone to broadcasting school!
LJG2612::Was Gallinari still hurt yesterday? he looked slower than usual, and not as agressive he only took 7 shots. Nuggets need him and chandler to produce to make a run in the playoffs.
Jonnyb8717::Yes Gallo was coming off of a thigh bruse which kept him out of the last 2 games prior to this one.
Sir Coopalot::QUIT BEING SO BIASED ESPN!  YOU DON'T COVER TOP PERFORMERS OR TEAMS, JUST SHOVE LEBRON AND KOBE DOWN EVERYONES THROATS!  ESPN IS PERVERTING A GREAT TEAM SPORT AND MAKING IT ALL ABOUT THE INDIVIDUAL... IT'S ALL ABOUT MONEY!  NUGGETS PLAYED GREAT TEAM BALL AGAIN LAST NIGHT AND ARE FUN TO WATCH... TOO BAD ESPN HAS THEIR OWN AGENDAS...
MythDaEmcee::Can't agree more. Its like the Nuggets are not in the NBA based on ESPN's coverage. The Lakers aren't even a playoff team yet they get more coverage than anyone. Is this a sports website or TMZ?  The laser like focus on the teams in the 4 biggest markets, hurts the league in my opinion.
no.37::actually it is what the makes the league profitable.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::great game...nuggs keep coming..
coloradoxplant::Can the Nuggets get any respect yet?
DonksRocksNuggs::Big flaws? You must be talking about OKC. How does 71-11 sound??
no.37::what do you want them to say? that they are now title contenders? they beat the thunder in the reg. season. the nuggets are a team with big flaws and without a go to scorer. they are a good team, which espn has been readily admitting (almost too much so) for the past month.
Sir Coopalot::Sadly, ESPN doesn't promote skill and team competitiveness.  They just tell you who to like and make a HUGE dollar off it.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::wow it looks like westbrook was the only one that showed up last night
stgoat::We need more out of Martin.
MythDaEmcee::He was a complete non-factor. I didn't even realize he was playing until the 4th quarter when he hit a three with his odd looking shot, up until that point I just thought he was a no-name scrub running around the court.
theGronk87NE::I put this on everything when I say Thunder miss Harden and his 26.xx ppg!!!
theGronk87NE::I put this on everything when I say Thunder miss Harden and his 26.xx ppg!!!
theGronk87NE::I put this on everything when I say Thunder miss Harden and his 26.xx ppg!!!
theGronk87NE::I put this on everything when I say Thunder miss Harden and his 26.xx ppg!!!
theGronk87NE::heck yeah buddy! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Zy23pvkobU
theGronk87NE::I put this on everything when I say Thunder miss Harden and his 26.xx ppg!!!
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::I put this on everything when I say Thunder miss Harden and his 26.xx ppg!!!
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::he never avg 26 ppg with us.. he avg less than kmart.
Alpine2285::They miss Harden, no doubt
Alpine2285::OKC's bench is god awful, Denver outscored them by over 50pts!!! With Chandler now coming along, that's just another weapon for this loaded team!
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::i know ive never seen our bench play like that..
Czeren7390::If only Gallo AND Chandler could both produce. It seems like it is only one or the other.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::good game last night nuggs.. we'll get ya next game
awesome0_3000::OKC is a fraud team
Jaboopsta::exactly Alpine2285, the only thing is they won't miss him until lebron kicks their butt in the finals
Alpine2285::Their bench is terrible, they will miss Harden come playoffs
Czeren7390::I am a Nuggets fan, and this couldnt be more wrong
leon sandcastles69::how does someone play 40 minutes and doesn't get a PF? This league f'in sucks, clearly these refs were pulling for the thunder to win.
International_Tractors::Yeah. He didn't play that much. I watched the game and the announcers commented on how he was on the bench for the last 4 minutes.
Nargash35::Just that? How about 6 games without any PF. Thats easy..!! ---Lebron..!!
MythDaEmcee::To me this the biggest problem of the NBA. Stars don't get fouls called on them, but then get the benefit of just rushing toward the basket out of control and getting bailed out.   Despite how god Lebron is...there was no way he was going to finish last night's game against Memphis under 10 points. Sadly, I didn't think that because he's such a great basketball player. I thought that only because I knew the refs would bail him out.
