Samuel Baffour::yes Raptors playing solid so far, hope they play the same throughout the 3rd and 4th
Carl D Hill::This is what happens when you change Coaches just because....
Greg Bosgraaf::It wasn't just because. The Front Office did not agree with Lionel's view of the game. I didn't either really, the man played a horrible rotation and never let anyone develop. I'm not sure that Joerger is the guy, and it really is looking less likely that he is the guy, but Hollins wasn't it either. Apparently we need someone who can motivate like Hollins could but has a better sense of the x's and o's.
Mark Ifurung::The return of Rudy.  No seriously, can we return Rudy to you?
Hayden Williams::He's yours. But can we return Ed Davis to y'all?
Greg Bosgraaf::Haha
Graham Horobetz::3-5 with 4 on the road coming up ....... well, what's the excuse going to be this team? Are these just small "kinks" that'll work themselves out? No excuses, we're playing like garbage, no defense, no ball control and all at the cost for nonexistent offensive flow. Meh, I watched the Grizzlies when they sucked, but boy is it fun to watch them like they were last year.
Graham Horobetz::Philosophical differences, we have taken on the philosophy of losing. The number of problems with this team are numerous and Joerger may have been a winner in the D-Leauge, but when you inherit a team that went to the WCF, 3-5, especially the way in which we lost those 5 games, is indicative Hollins should have stayed.
Chase Ennis::Well I guess it was fun while it lasted. This team sucks! Get blown out by the Pelicans and the Raptors... ON OUR OWN FLOOR? THE TEAM THAT WENT TO THE WCF LAST SEASON??? Speechless!
Landon Pike::Who agrees with me that tayshaun should not start anymore, please comment?
Tommy Romeo::Two pathetic teams.
Tim Wollas::you should not talk if you don't like the teams
Tommy Romeo::Tim Wollas You shouldn't be allowed to comment if you don't have a picture.
Micheal Johnson::your pathetic
Micheal Johnson::lets goo raptors
Graham Horobetz::Disturbing fact, last year, Memphis gave up 100 points or more only 11 times. This game, when Toronto hits 100, that makes 5. New Orleans scored 99 against us. Does not bode well and is certainly not the Grit N Grind mantra of this team. Say it all you want, but please show it. Thanks
Micheal Johnson::no defense either they gave there best scorer to us hurt them  then they fired the coach who is the coach know lol memphis has nobody that could get to the line might not make playoffs
Steve Broome::I could have sworn Canadians spoke English. I stand corrected.
Micheal Johnson::Steve Broome lmfao
Kenny Newhouse::What the hell is with all the fouls Grizz! Get it together. Seriously starting to get pissed with Joeger.
Graham Horobetz::Tigers please save me from mediocre basketball tomorrow against Austin Peay.
Steve Broome::I can really see the benefit of firing Hollins now. Great job Hollinger.
Gary Cunningham::Should have keep coach Hollins.  We suck again!
Memphis Tenn::Go Grizzlies!!!
Graham Horobetz::As poor and lopsided as the officiating has been, we certainly don't look anything like the 2012-2013 Memphis Grizzlies. The misplaced confidence Tony Allen has on offense should be transferred to Marc Gasol. Every offensive rebound he got, he'd look to pass. Marc, just like Mike, you need to become more selfish.
Lance Busch::cmon where are those regular nba refs!! the home team should never have less fts then the road team.. the grizz only have 7fts attempts  to the raps 25.. grizz offense doing surprisingly well without too many fts so far
Athan Manuel::This game features 2 members of the 2009 NCAA champs and 2 former members of the Greek national basketball team
Graham Horobetz::Grizzlies need to get it together defensively, doesn't help though when the refs are incompetent.
Adrian DiMarcantonio::these coaches going to new teams and assistant coaches becoming coaches wish they were as great as phil
Graham Horobetz::What exactly does Psycho T bring to a team other than pseudo-toughness?
Kenny Newhouse::Only reason Toronto is winning is free throws. How the hell is it so lopsided.
Greg Bosgraaf::The Raptors are attacking the rim and the Grizz are fouling them. It's not really on the refs here.
