WarriorsWarrior::Question: if the warriors finish with the 12 worst record but won the 3 pick in the draft would they keep their pick??
caseygreer2::False, any lottery team has a chance at the top pick. A lottery team is a team that didn't make the playoffs. The odds are REALLY low to get a top 3 pick if you finish 12, but if that happened, the warrior would get the pick. This is actually bad for the warriors, cause if the warriors finish 7th, you'd hope they could keep their pick, but if a number 8 or 9 team wins the lottery then there pick is bumped up to #8 and the jazz get it.
Oaktown1029::hey warriors, I think only the bottom 7 teams get a chance at the top pick - i think that's the way it is.
zachrlee::It's about f*ckin time Derrick Favors had a breakout game. This guy is too good to be putting up mediocre numbers and playing minor roles.
GsU -3000-GsU::good win jazz! big game for Favors... 4 straight double doubles for Young Millsap!
yorkallday::the real big 3? scalabrine luke walton and kwame brown http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/p/best-nba-memes.html
PASS__THA__SWISHA::Hope you took Gold Coast United like I said ...
supe540::I think the Jazz have GS's lottery protected pick.  I suspect the Warriors are going to end up tanking a lot of games in order to retain that pick.  They have the Spurs #1 and their own and Atl's #2s.  But to take advantage of this talented draft they need their own lottery pick.  W's are three games out of the lottery.  I don't think we'll see Curry for the rest of the year and the young guys plus Biedrins will play big minutes in an effort to win only a few more games.
BMoretti19::Top 7 protected only.
GoTmJazz52::The luck of JAZZ and my SON's BIRTHDAY TODAY! For ERIC, "Way to go JAZZ" Great pull out WIN!! Now it's the Lakers in L.A. "Go JAZZ Go" beat the Lakers?!!!  D. Favors step up for "Big Al" Jefferson. Go team Jazz- JazzNation.
mikeisildur::I was at the game tonight and I'm surprised the highlights don't mention Hayward's epic block and dunk on the other end in the 4th quarter.  The previously agitated ESA crowd absolutely exploded.  The Warriors tried to call a time out to calm things down but it didn't really work since everyone just stood and yelled at the top of their lungs for two minutes.
BarkBarkForPig::champions from when? you are a dipsh*t
caseygreer2::You are a Dumb A. How about this stat. How many playoffs have the warriors gone to in the last 25 years, and how many have the jazz gone to? Who is the winning organization now. Even your oaktown guy is embarrassed for you dum dum
supordupor23::cool but who are champions?
NBA_refs_are_weak::?? neither team are champions. that would be the dallas mavs. and thats until this june. see how that works?
BarkBarkForPig::^^ cool but who won tonight??
supordupor23::too bad the jazz still suck, and will never win a championship.  when the warriors head home to oakland, they will do so proudly knowing that they already have a ring
ryensgin::Cougz that is the funniest comment I've ever seen on ESPN boards.  What an idiot supordupor
Oaktown1029::as a Warror fan, i'm even embarrassed for you - what a stupida*s statement!
Cougz4Life::Yep I'm sure that was what they talked about in the locker room after the game, "Ain't no thang yall, dudes who played on this team 40 years ago got rings, we good."
BMoretti19::Cool story bro
DORES22::Wish the Jazz would play Kanter more. Hes going to be a big time center
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::He is 19...he has plenty of time
blanding1988::totally agree. love Kantor. That guy will be a beast with favors down low. no one can out rebound us
NBA_refs_are_weak::its funny how guys just arent the same once they leave the nets. look at vince with the magic, RJ on the spurs, and now devin harris with utah. just arent the same players. must be something in the water? idk lol. but seriously is RJ ever going to come back? I figured his stint with the spurs didnt work out b/c he didnt fit that system, lets see what he does with GS. terrible game tonight, but if hes able to get out and run and have the green light I hope he comes through
sfy2004::i think it was actually the Kidd effect that made Jefferson look so good.
NBA_refs_are_weak::I couldnt argue against it. until he starts improving, you gotta wonder how much Kidd (and somewhat vince) covered for his faults
PASS__THA__SWISHA::If you lost money on this game or on other games, make some back ... Take Gold Coast United ATS in A-League soccer tonight. You'll get a push at worst.
lll__::look what happens when favors has his minutes! can we please trade jefferson this summer? :)
blanding1988::Favors is a 4 anyhow. no worries
WarriorsGO::He played against a center that shouldn't be in the league. I don't think u should start him at cebter
msuspartsnumberuno::I have bet on sports for a few years using different handicappers but never had success. I recently started using this system called Sportsbettingstar.  I have won over  30 bets between Hockey and Basketball and only suffered 1 loss. It  is a double down betting series system but I have made more profits doing this system since I started betting years ago
msuspartsnumberuno::www.fadethebookie.com
Registeratsportsbettingstar::Sthu
dcenate2012::Golden States excuse for sucking - Warriors are tanking the season-
WarriorsGO::i dont think we tanking yet.
JSTranzzlation::The warriors will even f tank ing up. My spell check changes d ubs to rubs... convenient... jerkovs.
FrankPistachiosHairline::lolwut
dgbaldridge::Is anyone talking about the 65 rebounds?
FrankPistachiosHairline::Alec Burks for MVP!
PASS__THA__SWISHA::Remember degenerate betters ... Take Gold Coast United pick 'em (ATS) tonight in A-League soccer.
hi_do_me::lin all day
FrankPistachiosHairline::No.
Registeratsportsbettingstar::Whenever I see someone say they are a Knicks fan I assume they know nothing about basketball, and are gay
FrankPistachiosHairline::Like if you think the Lakers suck.
Ruby6381::the shorty NATE wanna tie the spread
WarriorsWarrior::Good game "classy" Utah Jazz fans!
blanding1988::oh wait you mean about how GS shot about 20 more FT's right?
Kristian3609::jazz won a 5 on 8 game!
moto_4::thanks for sucking
FrankPistachiosHairline::Like if you think I like my own comments.
Quezy82::Tomorrow tank fest continues!
FrankPistachiosHairline::MEOOOOOOOW!
hi_do_me::do you know what's worse than being a utah fan? living in Utah.
bacapo24::obviously you've never lived in utah. and you have no friends
BarkBarkForPig::you know what's worse than making a bad joke? congratulating yourself after making a bad joke
hi_do_me::haha good one
moto_4::i know gay fa.g
moto_4::you know whats worse than stepping out side and seeing moromons? Seeing gay fa.gs in SF
PASS__THA__SWISHA::Gold Coast United ATS tonight, my fellow degenerates.
WarriorsWarrior::Jail Alec Burks please!
jzalvarado::wow and the 49ers just agreed to terms with Mario Manningham.. I picked a bad year to be a fan of the Arizona Cardinals
caseygreer2::the Lakers are the yankees of basketball, Real Madrid the yankees of soccer, Duke and NC the yankees of college basketball. Agreed, I hate all those teams.....
Cardinals542::you have no idea how I feel, actually, I feel like I'm a good fan because I have only been a fan of 1 team that has won a championship (college is excluded) and that team is the flyers. I think it is dumb to cheer for teams that are always good and always talked about (yankees cough cough).
thawhiz47::Wait until we get Peyton.   The whole league has to be a little scared.
Quezy82::fact
FrankPistachiosHairline::Bandwagon alert
WarriorsWarrior::Haha
WarriorsWarrior::Manning!
moto_4::Denver is gunna get him
Retro Snapbackz::Too bad the Jazz can't play all their games at Home.  Road loss vs the Lakers looms
scow79::You're not saying much that we don't know there
JSTranzzlation::Ydoes frank like his own comments?
moto_4::i was just gunna say that
FrankPistachiosHairline::@JSTranzzlation  A fake what?
JSTranzzlation::ydid frank just admit to being fake?
scow79::This win is making me happy and depressed at the same time?
scow79::If Bogut works out and they actually tank enough to get their pick this year, then they're going to be good
moto_4::its never happened in my life time... there is no reason to think it will start anytime soon
moto_4::naw Warrior fans just know their place... Free wins.
WarriorsGO::I don't understand why Rj got more minutes then Rush. Either Jackson is really trying to tank or he making a dumb move. Hope it's a 1 time thing.
sfy2004::actually, it may be that Jackson is just that dumb.
sjmcb160::Players have no incentive to throw games. Management does.
scow79::A point lost on many fans it would seem
jzalvarado::The NCAA tourney is s.uckin b.alls this third day
Quezy82::Warrior loss &gt; Warrior win
Quezy82::Warrior loss &gt; Warrior win
moto_4::you have been saying that ever since 2001, keep on believing.
FrankPistachiosHairline::True Dubs and Jazz fans don't hate each other. The idiots provoking arguments on here are trolls or fake fans.
Free Alec Burks::See yeah Jazz fans. Have fun in the fucking lottery for the next 20 years Warriors fans.
WarriorsWarrior::go to sleep kid
lightbulbthinh::utah is so dumb for winning the game haha
moto_4::naw you jsut mad LOL
FrankPistachiosHairline::Free Alec Burks is an a-hole. FACT
moto_4::FACT!
Free Alec Burks::I'm not an asshole I'm just telling the truth
FrankPistachiosHairline::Shh! Dubs fans don't need to know......
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::It's ok to be whiteeeeee Strength and pride you have inside, it's ok to be white It's ok to be whiteeeeee Loyalty you have with your kin, it's ok to be white
Free Alec Burks::Warriors got raped in the playoffs by the Jazz a few years ago and the Warriors will never return   FACT
moto_4::made it easy to get to the WCF, and they got raped by Dee Brown HAHAHA
WarriorsWarrior::It would be funny if the warriors finished in the bottom seven draft by one game! Blame yourselves Utah Jazz!
sanctie170::Even if they manage to get top 3 pick, they will probably select a player like Michael Sweetney or Kwame Brown or Michael Olowokandi.
jzalvarado::i guarantee u the Warriors end up with the 7th worst record and they get the 8th pick based on ping pong balls knowing their luck.. But i dontthink they are the 7th 8th or even 9th worst team right now
WarriorsWarrior::u think like I do.... too bad!
msuspartsnumberuno::I found a betting system called Sportsbettingstar a couple of months ago. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I found this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. Its a double down system and is by far the best system I have followed for betting in years of betting on sports. Posting this for anyone that is looking for a legit system to win money on your bets
Ruby6381::fk u nate robinson why you have to hit that 3... u idiot... pointless scum wanna get on the scoresheet
Free Alec Burks::You guys can have your $@%!$@% pick, how many first rounders do you need before you can make the playoffs. lmao
Quezy82::just 2
FrankPistachiosHairline::Good point. :/
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::Our holy creed of racial purpose, a mighty race to defend When we fly our German flags their oppressive reign shall end   14/88
