metall1c1ne::watch out NBA, Wizards are going on a playoff run!!! hah
parafal::John Wall is so underrated ... WAS looking like a nice upcoming team
Barrk_40::The only solution for the Wolves' problems is to draft another point guard
I have no legs::Minnesota sucks at sports.
Jamal22066::Wizards are not your average crap team anymore. Since getting Wall back they can hang now!
jsn_trx450::They could hang without wall, they can actually win now
Tiny1ota::They had the worst record in the NBA without Wall.  Losing virtually all your games, including a few nailbiters, does not constitute "hanging" with the rest of the league.
jank6708::Wolves are unwatchable
Enri006::jajajajajaja it seems like every wolves fan is a Barea hater and a Rubio COKSKR.   Who the Fk does Rubio thinks he is?  He hasn't proven anything and still gets upset because he didn't play enough minutes in the 4th quarter the other night.  He is a joke.  Barea is playing a lot better.  By the way he is the best wolves best 4th quarter scorer even when Love and everyone else was playing.  Or didn't you watch the Oklahoma game?  The reality is that Barea has been very good this season.  I guess that everyone just hates him deeply and no matter how good he plays they will still hate him.  I bet everyone is a Rubio CSKR.  Well let me tell you that he hasn't proven himself yet.  Last ;year he played well but over 30 something games you don't prove yourself.  Always with the knee excuse.  FK him
dpierre0223::Just realized that the TWolves have a roster filled with only Point Guards and Power Forwards
Enri006::Yes point guards Barea and Luke.  Rubio doesn't really fit anywhere.
Kev_010::T wolves suck more than suck!
TDRwolff::Break up the WIZ
scoopjackson_21::Instead of showing live wolves games on tv, can they show games from the 2003 2004 season?
intothevoid6::If any NBA team's roster consisted of half D-Leaguers, they too would struggle to win.
YogaBeer::There's some good PGs in this draft again.
badger972::Greg: 6 assists and 2 steals but 2 rebounds? Point-center?
bradwinsall::hopefully minny finishes with the worst record in the league so we can get the 9th pick in the draft
mnsoccerguy::the  Minnesota clowns i mean trembler wolves drop another, i thought they were happy with last place in their division, but now it looks like they are shooting for the  NBA leagues worst record
PoRtEr_24::We basically only have 1 or our normal 5 starters not injured.
T.E.R.P.::The one night they don't show a home wizard game on tv.  Instead they are showing the spurs-mavericks.
slammyhome::I have fios they show both games the caps game was on 576 and the wiz game was shown on 575 which is the second comcast channel but it was still in hd
XXRUSERIOUSXXX::Yeah They showed the caps that was it and they usually always show wizards games
dante2900::use to have fios. they have a comcast sports channel, but you're right i think they only have one comcast channel on which they probably showed the caps hockey game. have comcast now...miss fios
T.E.R.P.::I have Verizon and only one nba game was being show on espn.
T.E.R.P.::not in my area.
dante2900::it was on tv...
dante2900::comcast has two channels on which they show sports. on one they had the hockey game on the other they showed the wiz game
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Good Game Wizards Fans! You guys got a very nice future, lots of talented players!
Minnysota Vikings::"Wolves season starts tomorrow"  --Mike D'Antoni
MinniWolves90::X24theshowX - Those were his stats when he played overseas. I thought it was funny when many people were calling him a future superstar last year. -- Rubio averaged 10 points and 8 assists per game and Wolves were 18-13 with him in the starting lineup last year.
kwheels22::oh
kwheels22::who?
MinniWolves90::Lol I edited it.
ball 5o hard::sigh...at least I get to watch lebron
Grantox::well twolves hope things turnaround for you before its too late! better hope they make a few solid trades!
kwheels22::or somebody gets healthy...
BayFinest510::easy overs win
Viktor Karelin::I didn't watch this game and haven't really seen Rubio play at all this season. Is he still not 100% or is something up, seems like he should be doing better than 5ppg and 5 apg.
X24theshowX::Those were his stats when he played overseas. I thought it was funny when many people were calling him a future superstar last year.
Skylander14::He played better last year.
Grantox::scroll down i asked same thing
Viktor Karelin::ok thanks
Minnysota Vikings::Once again I don't understand why Dante and Dwill got more minutes than Johnson.
mnsportsmaan::I do to hes been the best big guy off our bench
mnsportsmaan::Hes on a 10 day contract right?well i spose they want dwill and dante to get more minutes becaues they will be here more long term
Minnysota Vikings::Johnson will probably get signed for the rest of the season though (or at least I hope)
ball 5o hard::they don't play the same positions homeboi
Minnysota Vikings::Chris Johnson shouldn't be playing center being only 220 pounds. He seems much more suited for PF.
ball 5o hard::derrick williams is a 3 sometimes 4....dante is an undersized 4 and an underskilled 3.  Chris johnson is a center.
Grantox::uhhh yeah they do
kwheels22::Wizards have a nightmare roster for their cap.  Why not just trade away Nene Okafor and them for WHATEVER you can get and just draft.    Wolves found Alexey Shved this off season, Pekovic was a second round pick, so was Malcom Lee.  I dont get why the Wiz waste so much time and money on these guys for an extra win here and there (in games like these)
dante2900::give both of them to the lakers for dwight...never happen but i can dream
kwheels22::if you throw in Crawford they'd probably do it to shed Blake as well
Knight13951::Okafor yes, Nene heck no.
BaltimOre1576::dante2900 - yes they are. wiz are 10 and 31 charlotte is 10 and 32  Did you really just say that?
dante2900::i was being playful. a little sarcastic. lighten up. the fact is though, the wiz are better than their record would indicate
tha mook::now you say that.
Grantox::wiz are pretty solid with Wall back
mnsportsmaan::I would love to have bradley beal on our team....would you take derrick williams and barea for him
BENGAL_BOY_85::no
WellUmmDurr::i still think derrick williams can be decent... i can part ways with barea for sure though.
Grantox::whats the deal with rubio?is he a bust now? or just takin time to get back to it?
MinniWolves90::55 career games. And he's not 100% this year. Way too soon to label him anything.
Grantox::hope so, loved seeing his flashes of brilliance last year! he was truly in a league of his own
Minnysota Vikings::He's definitely not 100% but at the same time the talent around him right now is not very good. Hard for him to make things happen when we can't make shots.
Grantox::thats what i was figuring!
phil80804::I think it will take time as you said.
akklocek::Him and Love just werent the same this year. Its too bad because we will never know what would have been when Pek walks in FA.
phil80804::I think that Derrick Williams is a good player. He's been playing well the last month. Just too many injuries for the Wolves to succeed.
MinniWolves90::Derrick is 47% shooter, 16 points 6 rebounds and 2 blocks per game when he plays over 30 minutes. Not a coincidence. He needs more time.
akklocek::You cant expect a team to win when there top 2 scorers and Rebounders(Pekovic and Love) are out,and there top 2 bench scorers(Budinger and Shved). Plus they dont have Malcom lee, i mean come on has there ever been a more injury riddled team?   If i dont see Rubio start to improve then you heard it from me first that he is a BUST!
X24theshowX::Wizards would be a playoff team if wall was never hurt.
dante2900::in the east  which we are in ...yes. if we were in the west no
dwighthowardsamazing::I agree
cyborgi312::nope
X24theshowX::Why not, they've beat denver in denver which is very tough to do, they've also beat portland in portland, miami, and okc.
Mattnimp14::Wizards are 10 games away from 8th place ya'll.
cyborgi312::Bulls report. Minnesota sucks badly w/o rubio and glass face kevin love the wizards suck also that is all
Joakimnoahisgay::Cyborgi312 .. liking your own post should be a technical foul
cyborgi312::i will now
GeorgeTownDC29::Shouldn't you be whacking it to the Heat?
GeorgeTownDC29::Liking your own comment. According to Bulls report that is
cyborgi312::no to your mom but her hairy face tickles my a ss
MinniWolves90::Okay you got that out of you, move along.
Joakimnoahisgay::lol
Grantox::i see derrick williams had double double..... did he play as good as it looks?
kwheels22::nah he played okay.  like 5 of those misses were tips which just didn't fall tonight
Grantox::stats show better than it was eh?
Grantox::when i have seen him play( briefly) i liked his style.
cyborgi312::he sucks
lookitsdeco::one of his blocks shouldn't have count but he had an ok game
Minnysota Vikings::6-17 from the field
MinniWolves90::Lost by 13. And how many FTs we miss?  Plus the layups! F***ing fundamentals guys.
JERRY JONES LOVES BERNIE FINE::you deserve cancer.
Joakimnoahisgay::Would not help your lame team .. bottom line is the Wolves suck .. AS USUAL !!
Wayz112::At least you rebounded.
WizSkin95::WIZZIES
dwighthowardsamazing::It's official the wolves season is now over blown out by the wizards
Grantox::come on minny!!! reqlly! the wiz L
lookitsdeco::ay REAL DEAL BEAL   was rainingdimes in here tonight or did he take a night off?
Real Deal Beal::he was too busy crying while wishing he had a team to root for
Bowski93::IS ERIK NORTH CENTRAL CROSBY SCROOB HERE?
Minnysota Vikings::Good game Wizards fans. You guys got a nice future with Wall and Beal.  Oh and btw....Lakers suck :)
Bowski93::ERIK YOU THERE
dante2900::with this victory the wizards are no longer the worst team in the league!
WizSkin95::we never were
Knight13951::They haven't been the worst team in the league since Wall got back.
dante2900::yeah charlotte is that bad. don't know why, they started of well i think
Knight13951::Oh didn't know we were moving up in the basketball world. Bobcats that bad?
GeorgeTownDC29::We've been a top 8 team in the east since his return for sure
dante2900::true but i mean record wise
Wayz112::Moving on up!
dante2900::yes they are. wiz are 10 and 31 charlotte is 10 and 32
Wayz112::I'd give the Wizards an A for this game but the way they've been destroyed on the boards I'll give them a b-
lookitsdeco::john wall was cookin tonight
phil80804::GG Wizard fans.
GeorgeTownDC29::I'll take the win but I'd rather play you when you have Shved, Love, Pek
lookitsdeco::Shved is very important to you guys when you guys get healthy you'll be back no doubt
DakWolves2::Just try about 33% of our team
WellUmmDurr::and pek... and love.. and budinger.
Mattnimp14::This team is freaking coming back man wtf
GeorgeTownDC29::Teams always make come-backs like that in the NBA. Its too late
Knight13951::Um we have been playing all bench players this entire quarter.
Mattnimp14::No reason for them to be scoring like this they should play like the game isnt wrapped up yet that's the problem with this team
lookitsdeco::hey wizard fans bradley beal aint lookin like a bust everyone said he would be right. its a block party
vaplaya0::why is vesley gettin more mins then booker?
dante2900::mostly garbage minutes aren't they?
lookitsdeco::he runs very well with Wall if you noticed when wall was out on injury he got a lot of DNP-CD
