Does Wayne Brdy Hfta Djokovic::Just looked at the Bobcats shot chart.  It was more interesting than the recap.
Miami-Jstar::Tyrus thomas got ejected and didn't even touch the guy, well he probably did it on purpose so he could leave the game right away and told the refs to eject him
Miami-Jstar::when you lose to the wizards by 28 it is time to pack up your bags and think about a new career
the702shogun::silas said the other day his job was to point out the mistakes to the players and today he said it was on them. the job of the head coach is to win games and teach. meanwhile, jordan was wearing a chicago blackhawks jersey smiling with his new wife while chicago got swept. maybe deep down jordan hates charlotte for some reason and wants them to suffer, who knows. but the team has quit on the coach
espnsucks73::How Jordan can look himself in the mirror everyday is an act of God in itself.  Dude is such a terrible owner and executive... http://wp.me/p1gCK6-nM
betwinsboys::Breaking news: Michael Jordan come out of retirement to join the bobcats
Phylidia Featherbottom::Losing by 28 to a team with 18 wins? Time to move to the WNBA, Charlotte....maybe you could at least win 10 games there
Miami-Jstar::maybe, maybe not
amiller244::I feel bad for Silas, he shouldn't be taking much of the blame...look at what he has to work with. A starting lineup featuring Byron Mullens and Derrick Brown? How many of the players on the Bobcats roster had we even heard of before the season started? It's simple to see why they're so bad. Their best players are DJ Augustin and Gerald Henderson, who probably wouldn't even start for just about all the playoff teams and even some of the lottery-bound teams.
marcpru60::three to five days ago i enjoyed article that made point that Stern has blown it by having too many teams... you might be right, this article didn't go as far just stating that no one on team would be in rotation (which i took to mean start plus two that rotate in for real minutes) on any of top ten teams this year
The Lakers are good at basketball::BYRON MULLENS MVP
nin10do1::wow bobcats. giving new meaning to the term terrible
charlesshumway1962::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets like I once was
MightyBama::How is it possible for a team of professionals to be this bad? SMH
stuartscottneedsnewglasses::obviously we all know Michael Jordan is the best Owner in the nba i mean come on on now he used the first pick to get kwame brown as wizards g.m. and drafted Adam Morrison as Bobcats Owner. he knows what he's doing (sarcasm).
tigerwoodsneedstogetlaid::with a win can charlotte go to the playoffs?
hcp04140::Charlotte Silly Nannies
WatEvasCleva24::Sadly one of this teams needed to win good thing it wasnt the worst one
cb12490::There is an odd sense of pride in knowing that you root for what will officially be the worst team in NBA history.
IAmAMatrix::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
DuceSkywalker::i knew i shouldve put 2 grand on this game.....shizz....
Joe Raygor::Could the Washington Generals beat the Bobcats?
CARMELO4LIFE14::HEY ATLEAST THE BOBCATS  HAD 73 POINTS
dubsworth9993::I just read Paul Silas' comments and was a bit surprised.  I feel like it should be more like this:  "Seriously, we're 7-57.  Do you honestly think I'm coming back next year? I couldn't give 2 sh*ts if we lose the rest of our games."
___slickSixtySix___::lmao this team is  F.UCKING JOKE  my sister's JV team could take them
ejhova217::Easy there man. Bobcats would beat the WNBA champs by 30 points
sanity check::I like watching the women's game, but I think ejhova actually underestimated the final score in such a game.  I remember when Diana Taurasi, one of the best women's players (some would say THE best), when she played at UConn. She once skirmished in practice with the men's team and gushed about how quick and athletic they were...and that was a college team.
Miami-Jstar::i don't think so
wizzzzkid::4 game winning streak. Let's get 20 Wiz.
bzg2392::Jan Vesely is my new favorite player
Joe Raygor::You know, the Bobcats did start the season undefeated (1-0)
WaterPistolPeteJr::Just beat the Magics Bobcats
They Be Derpin::KING JAMES
LAKERSRUNTHENBA::u callimg a grown man a king lmao quit slurping
tennesseejam80::Yeah no kidding... Im a grizzly fan, but when im asked who the best player on the planet is, i'm not gonna say rudy gay... i'm gonna say Lebron James... He does everything better than Kobe except shooting free throws.. he has some flaws... Just not as many as anyone else in the league....
They Be Derpin::No I am a Celtic fan... I am just a fan of certain players also. Lebron has been the best player since 2007 and I am a fan of his game.
LAKERSRUNTHENBA::u probaly have a poster of lebron above your bed lmao
They Be Derpin::You have probably been a Faker fan since 2000.
LAKERSRUNTHENBA::im a laker fan not a lebron lover like u hahahahahaha
They Be Derpin::Shut up Kobe fan.
LAKERSRUNTHENBA::wow i just seen the game highlights and tryus got ejected for a elbow that didnt even touch him' im getting sick and tired of flops and the refs falling for it get your damn eyes checked
toshsghost::Lakers = Weak Sauce
toshsghost::Lakers = Trolls Laker Fans = Troll other teams boards
LAKERSRUNTHENBA::lakers=titles  your team=losers
toshsghost::Lakers = flagrant fouls when losing
LAKERSRUNTHENBA::your breath has me weak
adeeblack::7 wins ? Is that a typo ?
Sonicdawg96::I've played on YMCA pickup teams that could beat the Bobcats.
Soul Sector JF::If the Wizards are 11 games up on you, you know you are really really bad, possibly the worst ever.
tarunsathish::I feel bad for the Charlotte fans, they deserve better not a bobcat fan, just saw the score
jlreinhardt::"I don't flop."  Yeah sure dude.  Video doesn't lie.
Nicholas Obert::Singleton is a beast.
Bala88::The video doesn't show the first elbow. Thomas said they made contact....
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::imagine losing 21 games in a row..... knowing every city you go to, you will most likely lose. But at least they get paid
ejdomingo::The Washington Generals would whip the Bobcats
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::I feel bad for charlotte, I can't imagine having to play on the worst team in nba history..... wow
WaterPistolPeteJr::yea has to be tough getting paid millions of dollars to lose some basketball games
dystopia12::I''m the Whiz !
Xarr9::I guess they kicked the Bobcats out of the playoffs?
MD-Saints-Fan::Playoffs? Don't talk about playoffs.
KENNETHPOWERS69::the Bobcats started the season 1-0.......
caniac999::almost 2-0!  but that lead against Miami was blown pretty epically.
MD-Saints-Fan::Could the Bobcats beat a WNBA team?
TYLILMAX::11-14-24-56-9 oops !! wrong lottery
KENNETHPOWERS69::clearly the Bobcats are better at home........................
dougtrav1::go knicks and ron paul for president
milw-jay::Charlotte   "basketball"  ??    LOL
Sparty_2013::MICHAEL JORDAN IS A HYPOCRITE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Back when he was a player he would have forced the owner to fire his coach and GM if this was happening. But now that he is the co-owner he is just laughing about this. Greatest player of all time is the worst management owner/president of all-time
Sambo8964::What do you expect? The vast majority of those UNC people are hypocrites.
Tomirvin::MIchael is just being the normal human. It is the exceptional one that remembers the roads they have traveled.
Sparty_2013::Another way he is a hypocrite is by not signing the CBA. As an ex-player and a greedy player he decided to put himself as an owner ahead of agreeing with people he use to be. If back in the '90s this was going on he would be going crazy asking for his money. But when it happens when he is the owner he just sits back and only cares about his money.
Sparty_2013::John Wall is probably talking to the Bobcats and telling them: "You do know the lottery doesn't always work in your favor. I thought I was gonna have Jay-Z as my co-owner and now I am stuck in the capital with this crappy team"  ---Washington had the 5th worst record that season and got the 1st overall pick. Nets finished worst in 2009-10 (tied 5th worst ALL-TIME...at the time) and got the 4th pick. Year before that when Blake Griffin went #1 the Kings thought they would win that Lotto ball and they got pick #4
caseyc2008::I actually feel bad for the Bobcats. Theyre depressing to even read about.
CandySparker::Consecutive 21st Nervous Breakdown
awesomespoon::At least the Cats are #1 in something.
