Danie Lan::Wolters looked impressive. Showed a huge difference on defense from Preseason game 1 to today. Alot more confidence.
Justin Burwell::I must say, Nate Wolters looks as if he should start until Knight gets back, not Neal.
Danie Lan::he looks better than knight has too
Mirnes Sibalo::I love watching the Celtics no matter who is playing for them
Andy P Kordyban::Was Jeff Green smoking some Green?
Chelo Mejias::With Sullinger back, i like Boston in this one 103-94
Alex Javad Assadipour::Only 2 games in but Faverani has been a great pickup at the PF/C spot
Lukas Knepfel::You were close, just picked the wrong team to win!
Chelo Mejias::Lukas Knepfel   Swing and a miss, i know...the c's gave up in the second half
Andrew Lipham::lmao eat it celtics
Paul Kraft::Just came to see the box score and see how Faverani is doing and he is grabbing boards like it's nothing. After seeing him play in preseason and how he knew how and where to position himself on the floor to be dominate I am glad to see his game transferring over to the regular season. He is a real smart player.
Julie Price::Boston does tanking right. Philly doesn't know how to tank.
Will Schmitz::NBA Fantasy draft at 12:00am ET (11:00pm CT) tonight. It's a 16-team league, so help me out and join, please!  http://games.espn.go.com/fba/tools/join?leagueId=278823
Phillip Nollner::Green looks like he's asleep this whole quarter...he has no intensity...afraid he never will
Ryan Weltzin::watch the bucks get the worst record in the league and not get the first pick.
Justin Burwell::That is exactly why I don't believe in tanking.
Danie Lan::Justin Burwell i wouldnt mind jabari parker or julius randle. but i dont want them to blow it up
Matt Herzfeld::Looks like Gary Neal is the tank commander tonight for the Bucks.
Anthonie Perez::That Giannis kid is wayyy overhyped
Justin Nixon::-No one ever
Danie Lan::Was never much hype to begin with.. He got physical tools but we will see how his offensive game grows the next few years. Hes only 18 anyways
Lukas Knepfel::What hype?
Jon Giles::Go Nate W!
Liam Sibson::I'm sorry...they lost this?  How do you blow a 22 point lea to one of the worst teams in the league at the end of the game? It's not physically possible  Fucking balls. Celtics won't win 20 games this year.
Denis Wotton::It's going to be a long, disappointing season, Boston fans. If they cannot hold a 22 point lead against the Bucks, they aren't going to win more than 25 games all season. I'll still watch them and support them, but, it's going to be a tough pill to swallow.
Luc Whissell::We gutted the team, what else can we expect?
Dustin David::Luc Whissell once we get rondo back and gain some expierence and chemistry we'l be alright. 30-40 wins
Lyndon Modin::That Wolters kid was much improved from opening day.  Definitely the best guard the Bucks had available last night.  I really hope he continues in the rotation once ridnour gets healthy.
Judson Tomaiko::Taking defeat from the jaws of victory... People saying "wiggins", that's not happening. There are clearly worse teams and one of them (the phoenix suns) has FOUR first-round picks.
Tony Mangan::Bill Russell, fake beards and the WS trophy in the house and it was the kid from South Dakota State University, Nate Wolters, who helped seal the deal for the Bucks. Love it.
Chelo Mejias::congrats, the bucks beat a young inexperienced celtic team
Tony Mangan::But they beat them. No excuses.
Dan Peters::Wolters was a huge surprise to start the season, great player and only his 2nd NBA game, could not be more impressed. Bucks have 3 really good point guards.
Bob Ottaviano::Nothing the Celtics do this year will dampen my cheer about anything. This team is playing for a lottery pick. They are going to stink worst than Boston Harbor at low tide.
Michael Gonsalves::Had the bucks not missed so many damn layups and pulled their heads from their asses, they should have beaten NY. Beating Boston will  sorta make up for that
Clay Morris::HaaaahaaaaHaaaaHaaaa... get use to it at least the REAL Celtics (Brooklyn) won
Chelo Mejias::Troll some more loser, celtics will get better and aren't getting blown out like expected
Clay Morris::Bill Russell was in town to watch these schleps... my lord.. why not just slap him in the face
Danie Lan::bucks need a big guy like jabari parker next year. too many skinny dudes on this team and parker if true to his name can score.
Justin Nixon::a comment like this makes me think that you don't know who Jabari Parker is
Danie Lan::Justin Nixon Aight why?
Danie Lan::Jabari is 6'8 241 lbs.. Dude got size at SF.
