johnfrancis74::Let's see, PP was 5 for 13 and a -8 plus minus rating, the team as a whole had ZERO blocks.  Kris Joseph with some playing time at SF and Melo at C could have easily improved on those stats...oh wait, they're in Maine...never mind.
dooalot13::Terrible loss, but I love the people who are saying the Celtics are done for the season after this game. There's too much talent on this team for them not to put together a decent playoff run. Conference finals? Maybe, maybe not. Once the bulls get rose back they'll be tough, the Knicks look good, the Pacers are sleeping, and of course the Heat so it's not gonna be an easy road at all, but this team has a good blend of veteran leadership and young athleticism, it's just gonna take some time to find their identity. Kind of like a certain team out west that was slow out of the gates.
TresMilagro::Complete moron fans, as usual, predicating everything on one game. A-holes and idiots. lmao at lucky 2-9 team finally playing for one game
RayNy2ATL::No legs and their only 11 games into the season... LMAO
garnolfini::Worst Celtics team in decades.
nba is the worst::seems wrong.
trademarktaz::The Pistons beat down the Celtics, just another good old fashioned Detroit on Boston butt whooping. Bill Laimbeer is somewhere smiling.
SouthFLAnative::haha @ Bostonians. You got trounced by the Pistons and lost meathead Gronk.
Oscar Robertson::Rondo acknowledged that the end of the game had been a bit strange, but didn't feel bad about it.    "I don't think that much about the streak, but I know that down the road, it will be something that I'm very proud that I accomplished," he said. "People will probably talk about what happened tonight, but I don't know. I wasn't born when Magic had his streak, and I wasn't watching yet when Stockton had his. There might have been games when they stayed in with a 30-point lead to get their streak going, but there wasn't as much attention paid back then.
Oscar Robertson::Rajon Rondo is the best player in the NBA.
Young5King::Naive little girl lmaoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Philip Rivers Needs To Stop Choking::LMFAO
Oscar Robertson::Boston Celtics
C2Poke88::I see that you edited your post.  Nice to know you had a change of heart after thinking about what you wrote.  Rondo is not the best PG in the NBA.
C2Poke88::CP3 is clearly the best PG in the NBA.  Rondo is too limited as a shooter.  He's also not anywhere near the leader that CP3 is.  Heck, considering overall game, I would take Westbrook and Rose over Rondo.
lbjlovesthemcowboys::SO THIS CELTIC TEAM IS SUPOSE TO GIVE A RUN AT ME AND MY BOYS!!!!!!! LOL LOL LOL LMAO LOL LMAO MAN HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO DESTOY THESE BUMS!!!!!!!!!!  LEBRON JAMES
Seskatchewan::Stephen A. Smith is in the building. LEBWONN JAAAMES
TheAvenger007::Not trolling but Celtics are not strong anymore. Too many of these experts go on the past. Every year its a new season. Too many people were acting like Celtics and Heat for ECF. Thats done. Celtics need a true backup PG. They need a true Center. Garnett playing Center is not going to cut it. Too many SGs that don't have any versatility. Losing Ray Allen was a major blow.
Jwalks46::Celtics lost nothing with Ray Allen lol. Jason Terry isn't veteran your saying? Bench has plenty of depth especially when Avery Bradley comes back who also brings great D and intensity to every game. You just gotta keep things real. Remember when the heat were bad and inconsistent after they got new players? Next time don't be so quick to judge cause I can see the C's getting better and more consistent later this season.
TheAvenger007::The only position you have depth is at SG. They are all undersized. Thats not going to cut it. You cant have a bunch of young shoot first players and expect to be anywhere near ECF.
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::We might be undersized but we have versatile players at all those positions such  as Jeff Green Brandon Bass and even Sully ....WIlcox is also a decent player coming off the bench for KG... the only thing we are lacking is a back up PG
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::I believe in Jason Terry ...hes a fine replacement for Ray Allen and will show wat hes capable of just like he did in the 2011 Mavs playoff run
TheAvenger007::You guys are different without Allen. Even though he wasn't playing a lot as usual.. just having that veteran leadership in the team helps a lot. There are too many Shoot first players on the squad now. All those undersized SGs are not going to cut it. Theres no depth at PG SF PF and C.
t casey::No offense, but  biggest reason the C's made it past the second round though was because Chicago was missing Rose and Noah and got knocked out early .Otherwise Boston islikely out in the 2nd round in 5 or 6 games. If there's another legit team or two in the east besides MIami this year, like Chicago was, Boston's not going anywhere. They  just don't have what it takes to beat teams of that caliber anymore as they're currently constructed.
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::And no depth??? really we had far less depth last year and went to the ECF as the worst rebounding team in the league
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::Also when KG moved to center, the Celtics went on a 35-20 run
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::Everyone said that last year and look how far we went
Treydey10::That was his point, that people are judging the Celtics on the past.
_Furious_::The loss is meaningless - anybody can lose to anybody on a given night.
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::i had a feeling Detroit had this game
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::wat a beatdown but whatever this was the 4th game in 5 nights for the Celts and on the road too...at least rondo kept his streak alive
Arjay411::good ol' beat down
Dj3garrett::I said this after the signing of Barbosa and I'll say it again... Why do the Celtics have so many undersized 2 guards on the team... When Bradley comes back (he's the starting SG) how do they find minutes for Lee and Barbosa? Rondo is going to average at least 37 minutes a game... Terry, Lee, and Barbosa are not PG's, they're scorers... Bradley came in as a PG but was moved to SG because he couldn't run the offense... That's their problem, lack of a back up PG...
ozob37::Pistons look far better with Singler as a starter and Stuckey off the bench. Monroe is becoming a legitimate star, with some improvements or help in the back court we'd a be a solid team.
BostonCsFTW::We got something good out of this Rondo has his streak and Sully scored 16 nice job
ozob37::His streak of doing what -- handing out assists while the team loses? Boston is way over the hill.
_I Am A Celtic_::I like it more when we win
DA_Mack_Goldie::Rondo needs to average a triple double this season so we can win
Its_the_refs::Rondo padding his stats. Pathetic.
BostonCsFTW::what was rondo supposed to do if your down 19 and 2 minutes if you cant get the win get something else .. a record
TigerMichLion111::Beat the Cs by 20???!?  Keep it up pistons
Swish3And1::Pistons finally won a game against a good team
Arjay411::BOS is not a good team
nba is the worst::Yep - Wizards in sole possession of "most pathetic"
James52217::C's looked flat. http://wp.me/p1XJE8-15p they played so well on saturday... what do you think
RyanBeantown1243::saturday was great on all accounts, good stuff
duro.::KJ and Hondo have to step up their game
KinickDiaz::Boston didn't come out to play it seems....kinda expected Detroit to roll over, but these kids were desperate for a win. Last year Boston started the same way n got it together after the allstar break, I hope they're not relying on that magic again.... no offence but they look older than the Knicks out there at times!!..... Rondo is great but he dominates the ball to get his assist numbers.... the team relies on him wayyyyyyyy to much. who is the back up PG?? ...def not Terry or Barbosa.....  Get it together Celtics, the east is more interesting when you're at your Best!!
BostonCsFTW::Avery bradley is our backup pg but he is hurt so we are just waiting for him to  come back he is one of the best defenders in the league and can put up a solid 10-12 points a game and some assists
Dj3garrett::Bradley is the starting 2 guard...
Excelscior1::Love how silly Knick Fans love to talk stuff about the Celts after one game. Figures.....Rondo only played 32 min the game he had 20 assist (sat out last 10 min of 4th quarter). Barbosa is the back up point and has done fine. Celtics lost today, after playing their 7th game in 10 days; nothing else.  They'll be fine.
rmh61284::i completely agree... Bradley comes back, whos the odd man out???
KinickDiaz::I mean im obviously a Knick fan but love good basketball, Celtics the past few years were known for that, but i watched the celtic Nets game .. they looked good but i was wonering who's the back up PG.....Ainge needs to call somebody..... and they need Avery Bradley back in a bad way ...Terry, Barbosa and Lee are poor perimeiter defenders
rmh61284::I think the celtics have an identity problem and certain players do not know their role on the team.  Lee, Terry, some of these guys are confused out there...
rmh61284::No, they dont, haha.  Barbosa I like as a SG, because he's just a scorer, thats all, not much of a distributer
KinickDiaz::Yup!..... but then who is the back up PG???? ....do they even have one?? ...
rmh61284::Terry is NOT A BACKUP PG.. Barbosa filled in nicely though as the backup PG... Can't knock Barbosa when hes only getting 15min a game, and they give Terry and Lee a combined 50 mins and score less than 10 points, thats garbage....
rmh61284::Celtics need to give Barbosa more than 15 mins.  Give Terry (30 mins) less mins and Courtney Lee who has done absolutely nothing this year, less minutes as well...
rmh61284::Terry was 0-4 from 3 pt land and only 1-6 in 30 mins of play.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::That's a sad thing that you just said =(
ThatsGoodSoup7963::What a joke.
.New_York_For_The_Win.::LMAO at the Celtics losing to the Pistons HAHA
Anom.::Aren't you a Knicks fan? How can you talk smack when your team has been a joke of a franchise the past 30 years?
kingtai01::Lmao truth
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::DEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEETROIT BASKETBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAL
Brent195573::it's only one game - your record still sucks!!!  Although I'll admit you have a good balance  of young bucks and older veterans
Oscar Robertson::Rondo acknowledged that the end of the game had been a bit strange, but didn't feel bad about it.  "I don't think that much about the streak, but I know that down the road, it will be something that I'm very proud that I accomplished," he said. "People will probably talk about what happened tonight, but I don't know. I wasn't born when Magic had his streak, and I wasn't watching yet when Stockton had his. There might have been games when they stayed in with a 30-point lead to get their streak going, but there wasn't as much attention paid back then."
Excelscior1::Very Well Said Rondo.   The issue/or problem is, when you try to break a record in the middle of a game your contending in. Celts were still trying to come back most of that game anyway (Detroit has blown leads against good teams). They only went for the record the last few minutes, when you knew the Celtics couldn't come back anymore. Plus, Detroit scorers jipped Rondo out of about 4-5 assist anyway.
sa1251::rondo $@%!$@% himself and his team out for assists. solid stuff.
knicks_11::melo &gt; pierce. fact!
BostonCsFTW::yea every1 would say that but if pierce was still 28 i would pic pierce over melo
LukeFondleberg2::We won't say we were tired but boy were we tired. What a bunch of old jerks. Terry fits this cantankerous old bunch perfectly. I can't wait for the Heat to eviscerate this bunch once and for all. Shut up Doc, and shut up KG. You are both DONE. Sadly, Im sure you're not, I just wish you were both gone. I'm so sick of you both and the loser Boston writers and pink hats idolatry of you.
Syrindge::Miami's fan base = 95% Pink Hat Boston's fan base = 20% Pink Hat LukeFondleberg2 = 100% A-hole
junoNCAL::LMFAOOOOO CELTICS ARE FKIN TERRIBLE!!!  WHAT A FKIN TRASH ORGANIZATION HAHAHAHA THEY SHOULD BE CONTRACTED!! a.sshole of america deserved everything it got, 20 point loss LOLOLOLOL losing to the PISTONS the worst team in the league!! AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA so lucky i had work  AHAHAHAHAHAHAA such a sad fkin organization boston is GARBAGE, won't make the fkin playoffs, are now the WORST team lmfaoooo how does detroit's a.ss taste boston???? ahaha fans prolly left early, crying to sleep baahahahhaa. oh man what a beautiful day. the highlights of this game are sooo good  CRY boston fans CRY. your team is irrelevant and WON'T, i repeat WON'T make the playoffs this year lmfao
luckeyes4u::glad some one from NoCal could show us how it's done, Such witty remarks, such flair, a such command of all 10 synapses. It's probably time for a power nap and some juicing, followed by some light cardio and a masage w hot rocks. You do know not to bang them on your head.  Have a splendid evening.
LukeFondleberg2::Not as smart or as funny as you thought but good story brah
ukfan4life0551::Cool story.
simsimi.jayee::Oh my Celtics, am I going to be optimistic to see you in the Playoff series?
simsimi.jayee::Goodnight guys... Oh my Celtics, am I going to be optimistic to see you in the Playoff series?
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::Too much lag, gn all :)
garnolfini::Impressive loss against a 1-9 team.
ChargersFan4Life001::and is lagging like a MFer
ChargersFan4Life001::board died
Go Wolves14::All right......dogs.......signin out........peace #gn
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::gn
ChargersFan4Life001::gn
andrew bynums bowl cut::regardless of wins or losses Celtics fans cant speak for a week after this. losing to Detroit by 20? Rodney king called. he wants his $@% whupping back.
Brent195573::It only counts as one loss at the end of the season- in the playoffs or near the end of the year they would have Avery Bradley back to help against their guards and Garnett would play more- they still are learning to play w/ each other and they were tired tonight against a young team that played well- every dog has his day- too early in the season too be to concerned about one blowout loss- See you in the olayoffs!
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::don't worry, if the C's beat the Spurs and Thunder this week, this loss will be irrelevant
BostonCsFTW::iammyfatherson - yeah like thats goin to happen  WATCH US BEAT THE SPURS THEN COME CLOSE TO THE THUNDER
iammyfatherson::yeah like thats goin to happen
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::Boozer for Lebron
Dwight - GOAT Center - Howard::damn, I was born 5 years later on the exact date Len Bias passed away
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::damn
kozanski2000::I think there is something wrong with my laptop. It says that the Celtics lost to the Pistons. Surely that can't be correct.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::sorry but it's not a mistake :(
Go Wolves14::Dwyane?
Dwyane Wade Flops More Than Magikarp.....::lol what
Dwyane Wade Flops More Than Magikarp.....::stop talking to me bro
Go Wolves14::Pics or gtfo
ChargersFan4Life001::jimmer for rondo straight up
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::wtf boogie?
ChargersFan4Life001::lol
Dwyane Wade Flops More Than Magikarp.....::Monroe would be the perfect fit for the Celtics too bad tey have nothing really to offer
denn19641::Monroe is the Pistons cornerstone until the next 5 years. If Pistons still sucks in the next two year, then Greg will surely ask to be traded.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::i know, he would be great for us
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::Boozer for Love and Derrick Williams
Go Wolves14::Idiot
Dwight - GOAT Center - Howard::Boogie, will the Kings re-sign Reke?
ChargersFan4Life001::doubt it
