TheOperaGhostLives::At least one L.A. team's going to have a chance at a championship next year.
mdtuzo::ioko
smack9090::HOWARD is SOME TRASH..i feel sorry for the lakers
DefensiveRebounds::Whoa, he did all that in 25 minutes?! He used to average those numbers man.
Clipper Ian::Five reasons for the beatdown:   http://fullyclips.com/2013/02/11/los-angeles-clippers-dismantle-76ers-five-takeaways-from-the-win/
ash2nash::Nice season for the Clips!!!!! Hope they can keep Paul away from the Knicks!
diepacheco::the clippers should have kept young
nargash::Very inconsistent shooter..!!!
Beanslams46::Hey Sixers, are you gonna make the playoffs? -- Playoffs!?!...PLAYOFFS??! -- Actually, the Sixers should have knocked blake griffen on his keester, that would keep him from slamming. -- Bynum needs to get back in order to grab that playoff spot. Speed it up Andrew!
inphinity7::lol you didnt watch the game. did you not see Blake shut it off, and gave up on the dunking? He cut this pathetic Sixers team some slack. Maybe instead of knocking him down, the sixers should have built a gameplan to stop him. Give it up.
underpiker::Ya i saw the same, BG took it easy on them
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::C. Paul should be consider for league MVP especially if the Clippers finish strong.. Just look at how horrendous they were without him.
Beanslams46::It's forbidden to have any modern era clipper as mvp. That would be too ugly.
airicad::I feel bad for the Sixers http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkxZpU_GmSg
71Minnesota::Vinny is graduated by coach Pop....He will be succeed if he has a chance in this league ....just give him time...he has proven that he can coach in this league !!! Look at what he has done with young Derrick Rose and Blake Griffin ...when these guys just out of college,,,
71Minnesota::Named all the coaches who had guided the clubs win 17 games straight ...not many....even coach Erik Spoelstra of Miami has the big 3 LBJ, Dwade and Chris Bosh can't do it either....
DrewSnow11::Bynum is goin to leave for free agency he doesn't even like Philly. He used the sixers to rehab his knees and get paid 17 million to sit on his $@% and go bowling. He screwed over the whole organization. It's time to move in a different direction. Don't trade Evan turner he never gets any credit.
LA Hair Clippers::He didn't want to be traded. He can walk if he wants. He will join the Clippers.
CoreyGallagherArt::Well you can't acquire him so who cares?
trollvtroll2::Clippers don't want Bynum
CoreyGallagherArt::Can't sign Paul, Griffin, and Bynum lol
CoreyGallagherArt::You can't get credit when you do nothing, Turner needs the ball and demands the ball, however he is a black hole when given the ball, seems like a detriment to the team, but keep giving it to him please.
Neil826::the 76ers look worse than their record.
CoreyGallagherArt::They are worse now, JRich whom was our starting SG until he got injured is out all season, Thaddeus Young whom is our starting PF and only consistent player is out for a few weeks which is absolutely killer, also our bench was already thin to begin with. Losing players for a significant time will hurt any team (except the Celtics obviously), but for a team that has very few players whom actually contribute it's going to be worse.
Danadude69::If Blake Griffin played for New York or Boston he would be hailed has the best forward in basketball
Ustna9::He IS the best PF in the game...
diepacheco::dude he plays in the biggist market
winalabama777::Chris Paul is LA Clippers team without him they suck. CP3 is a great.
BobGriffin666::Blake &gt; Malone
BobGriffin666::Blake &gt; Barkley
BobGriffin666::Blake &gt; Duncan
CoreyGallagherArt::Well, only 3 games back, there's that at least, if we can somehow win in Milwaukee we'll be only 2 games back going into AS Break, not bad given, well our current situation and the $@%! that is this team.
chazzzzz1965::True stuff but I just 'aint feelin no hope man
BRAY5150::God I hate the spurs but you guys are good really good. Much respect but still hate you! Lol
Supa Saiyan Chris::should i buy $100 pillows to go with my $170 sheets?
Keith Closs::dont forget the $5000 bed
BRAY5150::Sure why not
RZA_CONSOLE::good lord  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkxZpU_GmSg
amarefan2007::Cleanest video I've seen on this laptop. Great pass by cp3 as well.
Soonerhopeful1::Wow.....Nasty....!
potato623::Worst player in Basketball right there!
BRAY5150::As smart as a sports town as philly is suppose to be you guys should know when its not the coaches fault
Soonerhopeful1::I think Philly just ran into a motivated Clippers team coming off injuries and many losses...  Clippers were up for a big game, and 6'ers just happened to be in their path..!  Pent up motivation won this game.
potato623::We know it's not the coaches fault, look at the players, but when we get efforts like tonight, Doug's gonna get heat
BRAY5150::coming into this year I thought philly would be a contender so I get the frustration. Hell I'm a clipper fan! Lol
potato623::This has been 2 months straight we've played like this
BRAY5150::I agree with that. But hopefully they sit back and look at it and say who can we get that's better... I don't think they can at least right now
Soonerhopeful1::No fan really hates Griffin;..   they are just Jealous that they don't have one themselves...  If Griffin played for their team..   They would be giddy and excited like a virgin.
RZA_CONSOLE::exactly.  i hate matt barnes and odom far more.  i think the sixer fans packed the arena to see lob city. they looked disappointed when griffin made a layup lol
Deaneer32::Spurs playing without Manu, Duncan and Parker and still up against the Bulls in Chi town...This is why I fear the Spurs... Coach Pop &gt;&gt;&gt; Vinny
potato623::Patriots of the NBA
potato623::Just without the cheating and excitement haha
Deaneer32::True
bballdon32::Is Kareem the best scoring Center of all time?
chazzzzz1965::Wilt once averaged 50 PPG for an entire season..end of argument...Wilt's the greatest scoring center. Ever.
BRAY5150::nobody had the moves like kareem period. Definitely the best center. Kareem could guard wilt but I don't think wilt could guard kareem
chazzzzz1965::No Wilt was the best
Ustna9::*best Center
potato623::Wilt
MJ the greatest ball hog::He had the best glasses ever.
Supa Saiyan Chris::do the ladies prefer white bed sheets over other colors?
Ustna9::All women have different tastes bro...
MJ the greatest ball hog::Why do people glorify the past so much?
amarefan2007::Because MJ was the greatest ever!
Soonerhopeful1::Talk about Candy and Nuts...;           If Allen Iverson had the Assist of Chris Paul, and defense of Michael Jordan, he would be the best player ever...!
joe quack::so would i....
BRAY5150::The biggest mistake philly will make is to fire Collins. No bynum and all The all the other injurys they have makes it tuff to win even in the east. Holiday is sick though
Soonerhopeful1::Maybe 6'ers would trade   Collins...for... for...VDN..!
potato623::F### Doug, he needs to get his s### straight, or get his s### out the door
potato623::No, would rather have nobody, sell the team to Seattle, let the Kings stay
BRAY5150::Ok u can have vinny and we will take Doug
Ustna9::Agreed. Collins is a good coach, I wish the Clips had him.
71Minnesota::just a good but not great !!!!
Ustna9::If Matt Geiger played in todays NBA he would have been an Allstar. THAT is how bad that position is these days.
Ustna9::I believe he would have.. He was already respectable back when there were good centers.
potato623::He sucked in Philly, poor man Hawes in today's game
potato623::No
MJ the greatest ball hog::Anthony Davis is the center of the future.
gt1master_ike::Davis is not as good as people thought he would be as a rookie but I am still holding out hope as a Hornets fan. He is not awful by any stretch.
A Drunk Monk::Along with Oden and Bynum right?
Soonerhopeful1::That's what they said about Bradley...!    Skinny people don't last long.
Ustna9::Sure buddy...
Soonerhopeful1::Dwight Howard is an   " reverse M&amp;M "...he melts in your hand not your mouth...    Where ever he goes, he leaves disappointed fans in his wake...Thank God he is with Lakers..!
Soonerhopeful1::If you had to give half your team to get him...you wouldn't be happy.
potato623::I'd take him here in Philly!!
Soonerhopeful1::Dwight Howard is physical...But he is a Moron as to Basketball I.Q.
Soonerhopeful1::Moron   as to context of other Centers...So a " dumb center".
potato623::Wouldn't go as far as moron, but most big men suffer in that category
BRAY5150::I love how people keep hating on Blake but don't watch the games and how much he brings other than just dunks. The dunks have started to become extra credit to his game
Soonerhopeful1::People don't really hate Griffin,,, They are just angry that they also don't have one...!
A Drunk Monk::Those are East coast fools who don't watch the majority of west coast games. Box score watchers and highlight eaters
Ustna9::no doubt
MJ the greatest ball hog::Every athlete from the 80s would struggle to make a good college team today.
Keith Closs::not sure if serious
john 214::Of corse man they're seniors by now lol.
Ustna9::Ok...i just realized that you are just trying to troll.  Good one...you got me
MJ the greatest ball hog::Jk, bros.
john 214::I'm hungry
chazzzzz1965::My God I feel sorry for Dougie Collins
chazzzzz1965::Yeah ok put Nick Young and Kwame Brown in your starting lineup and see how that works out Phil Jackson
potato623::Why, he doesn't do dick, just sits there and tells them to run in circles, Andy Reid of Basketball
potato623::Robinson was a better runner, but Dwight vertical was much better and he is much stronger
Keith Closs::u kids implying that dwight would body drobinson obviously have no clue
Ustna9::Hmmm...  How old are you?  Robinson was a BEAST and VERY strong
potato623::No, I'm saying Dwight's attributes were just as good if not better
Ustna9::Are you saying Robinson DIDN'T have those skills? I suggest you go back and do a little research.
potato623::And a mean a## vertical, incredible shot blocking skills, amazing defensive presence.  You aren't giving him near the credit he deserves
Ustna9::Dwight has shoulders...that's about it.
potato623::Very strong yes, strong as Dwight...no
potato623::All this said, Robinson was better than Dwight, but Dwight would give him trouble easily
MJ the greatest ball hog::Is there a serial liker, or is everyone just making great points?
Supa Saiyan Chris::Blake Griffin 9-14, how did he miss 5 dunks?
Soonerhopeful1::The guy must not be good, if he only dunks  9 times a game..he's a bum.
bballdon32::Howard is prolly the best athlete to ever play at his position.
bballdon32::*one of the best athletes.
Soonerhopeful1::I can think of many better...Russell,  Olyjuwon , Robinson.. the list is long
Ustna9::-_-  kids...lol
mrrbi4u::Good coming home after these last two wins. Can't look past Houston, but the truly big game will be when we virtually knock the Lakers out of the playoffs. That will feel really good.
MJ the greatest ball hog::Lebron and Durant would terrorize the league 20 years ago.
john 214::I wouldn't say terrorize.
Ustna9::Lebron would ...  Durant is just a scorer.
MJ the greatest ball hog::I mean he would wreak havoc on the score board.
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Soonerhopeful1 - A healthy Bynum, is probably the best NBA Center...!     --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Thats like me saying "A smart J. McGee is probably the best NBA Center...!"     (Meaning its never gonna happen)
potato623::Howard would give David Robinson and Patrick Ewing a lot of trouble
gt1master_ike::Dwight would hang with those guys on Defense. I always felt there wasn't any good centers for Dwight to really show how good of an on ball defender he really is. But he is not just a rim protector/weak side shot blocker.
Steveforprez04::Dwight Howard = Poor Man's Mutombo
Steveforprez04::Howard Eisley was beast back then
Ustna9::omg...
Ustna9::Also...my opinion has nothing to do with the Lakers
Ustna9::Robinson was just as if not MORE athletic than Howard.  Come on now...
potato623::Dwight's a lot more athletic than those guys, I know you hate the Lakers, but don't deny that Howard isn't an elite player
MJ the greatest ball hog::Acting like players of today couldn't compete in the past, makes you look out of touch with reality.
Deaneer32::Funny how people were writing off the Clippers a week ago.
Deaneer32::Still...Every team goes through stretches where they struggle.
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::A week ago they didn't have Paul and were playing Horrendous.
Ustna9::Howard, Bynum and Gasol would not be allstars 15 years ago.
BRAY5150::Gasol would be are u kidding me? Short memory I guess
BRAY5150::I'm talking about Pau not Marc
potato623::We are talking about a guy who put up 20-15 last year
Ustna9::against who?   lmfao...exactly
potato623::A healthy Howard would be easily
gt1master_ike::Willis is not the defender Dwight is.
Ustna9::premiere player TODAY.  Big difference.
potato623::You are outta your damn mind my friend, Dwight is a monster when healthy and one of the premiere players in the game.
Ustna9::no  He is basically Kevin Willis without a jumper
Soonerhopeful1::A healthy Bynum, is probably the best NBA Center...!   Mark Gasol is good though.
Soonerhopeful1::If we were all drinking in a Bar....Shaq said..Bynum is best....!      Every one would raise their glass and hail  " Shaq is right "...    Of course he could say what ever he wants, and we would all still agree.." Shaq is right ".   The Guy is big.!
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::I like Al Jefferson, Al Horford, and Greg Monroe,  not saying the best but some off my favs, based on attitude and the way they play.
BRAY5150::Horford on the right team could be the difference
gt1master_ike::Bynum has never been the best center.
john 214::Has Bynum ever been healthy?
Ustna9::the Center position is a joke these days
Soonerhopeful1::That's what shaq says..!
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Will if shaq said it it most hold some weight.. lol
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Seriously? or Trolling?
