rainmaker2007::You have to feel bad for the Spurs. They'll have the best record again, and then lose in the conference championship – again.
Lisa-Cruz-USAF::they're up 3-0
RNCoyote::Fact without three stars Spurs still came and whip Bulls $@%. Spurs are team to beat
rainmaker2007::They can't beat OKC or Miami, for that matter. Not in the playoffs, anyway.
polocash::Take away the big 3 and this is still a playoff team that continues the consecutive 50 win seasons going. Take the salary room you have after Duncan and Manu leaves and fill in some blanks and you still have a winner. This is  a winning system.
I hate Jerry Jones::you swept a much worse clipper team. this clipper team has a much better bench  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  That's just it though, the Clipper bench is not as good as the SPURS...the SPURS bench is the difference in that series.    As far as OKC goes, the SPURS were up 2-0 last year. This year this SPURS team is better because Splitter is twice as effective as LY and Leonard is too. Also, Green disappeared in that series - I don't see that happening again. Minus James Harden from OKC.... I think the SPURS have more than just a good chance this year.
I hate Jerry Jones::hey NBA let me introduce you to the best TEAM in the league, the San Antonio Spurs!
ThunderHornz::Hey slam- shouldn't you be turning tricks? I mean, just look what your p.imp did to your ears! Go on now, ride the wild pony before he hurts something other than your face!
RespectForTex::no.37 their last championship was 5 yrs ago. that is a very long time in the nba.  --------------------------------  All teams have had a drought of at least 5 years once or twice...Lakers took  from 03-09, heat 06-12, and it has been decades for any other franchise.
Brice162::Bulllllllllllls noooooooooooooooooooooo
papercut1980::The Spurs execute for 48 minutes. Even the best defensive teams like the Bulls can't defend it for the full 48.
Egr_Troll_Nation_3.9::slam_dunk_on_u So much boredom talking about the spurts that's why      Really!!!??? Why the $@%! do you come in here then? Maybe what you wanna say is that your fakers are boring! Look where they're at idiot!
el_dude00::"But Karma is a bi.atch and is going to bite them in the a$$ sooner than later." -slam_dunk_on_u  So if you are a believer in Karma, and this move is Karma biting the Spurs in the rear, what is happening to the Lakers' backside is straight out of Oz. Thanks Karma!
lynn20186::Ricky, if that's you're real name, the only thing you ever persuade me with is your constant immaturity.  Not that this will sink in, but as a woman who loves basketball, and namely the Spurs, you're exhaustingly inane comments day in and day out make me feel sorry for you.  Find a new way to express yourself....a new venue....a purpose that doesn't make you appear to be a 11 year old boy who's parents don't monitor him.  Please.
el_dude00::He mops floors at a rub n tug with limited Wifi. I'd feel bad for him if I cared. Fortunately, I don't.
slam_dunk_on_u::So when Pepe Lepeu got injured?  LOL  Classic Popazit move.
mccoy3181::You are a disappointment to your family
JFF4Heisman::slam_dunk_on_u - So when Pepe Lepeu got injured?  LOL  Classic Popazit move. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Why don't you just worry about your s.hitty Faker team that won't even make the playoffs.
SPIZURS::he sprained his hip riding your sis
SPIZURS::slam_dunk_on_u = but thurt mod
slam_dunk_on_u::LOL@Popazit playing the "injury" card not to get fined again by the NBA...the owner probably told him to take them to the road trip  not to make it so obvious and getting another stiff fine. LOL
Vaquero In The House::Just like your mamma told your daddy to take you out on the road so you could flop your Dumbo ears.
mccoy3181::You have no friends and no one likes you
slam_dunk_on_u::So by reading the recap of this game I see that the brazilian stiff got hurt a little bit but even though he finished the game and look normal, that will be enough for the crater man to sit him 2 to 3 weeks knowing his reputation on resting players for the hell of it, that will make the spurts short 5 players with fake or very mild injuries, what a sissy team!!!  But Karma is a bi.atch and is going to bite them in the a$$ sooner than later.
polocash::why play everyone when you can win with less??? fresh legs will make a difference in the end
thebrunostrange::Karma????
mccoy3181::You have been hit with the ugly stick really hard
TAMU09SEC::sissy team?? coming from a lakers fan...lol.  Why dont you worry about getting into the playoffs scrub
milwaukeemonster2::scrub???  ROTFLMAO!!!
milwaukeemonster2::Tiago Splitter = leag mvp, all-star mvp, nba finals mvp and defensive player of the yr
wslaton::GO Spurs Go!!!! rocking it baby!
WeAreTheMenInBlack::Spurs are still under the radar, I see...good...  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
Spursfan92120::Who are the Lakers?
slam_dunk_on_u::So much boredom talking about the spurts that's why
SpursManiac4Ever::Howdy Spurs Nation !!  I just love the "pundits", especially the ones on ESPN who continue to IGNORE the Spurs and how good this team really is. All they talk about are the Thunder, the Heatles, the the failing Flaker soap opera. LOL  Stern must be doing twists in his sleep at the thought of yet another Spurs Champeenship run. I love it.  Pop is a B-Ball master, and a great inverview subject.  :o)  Go Spurs Go !!
I hate Jerry Jones::you swept a much worse clipper team. this clipper team has a much better bench -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- That's just it though, the Clipper bench is not as good as the SPURS...the SPURS bench is the difference in that series.  As far as OKC goes, the SPURS were up 2-0 last year.  This year this SPURS team is better because Splitter is twice as effective as LY and Leonard is too.  Also, Green disappeared in that series - I don't see that happening again. Minus James Harden from OKC.... I think the SPURS have more than just a good chance this year.
no.37::the problem is the spurs do this every year. they have the best record, look great, their bench looks performs incredibly well and then they lose to a more athletic or bigger team come playoffs. the spurs win bc of the system, during the playoffs the system while still great can be better planned against by opposing teams. the spurs lose their edge and then lose the series. the spurs will lose in the second round this yr. (but they should be glad the grizz have basically decided to give up on this season).
thebrunostrange::a SA-LAC series would be a monster. Hopefully, we'll get one.
no.37::TAMU09SEC - no.37 - thebrunostrange - I dunno, I think you're being too harsh. Yes, the Spurs lost last year, but they made it to the WCF before they did. That's not too shabby. I'm not ready to make them the favorites to win it all yet, but they've got as good a shot as anyone else.  === they have a shot. but the clippers are better than last yr. and okc while missing harden are still extremely good.  Good thing we swept the clippers last year lol....And yes okc is still really good but come on, we were 2 games away from being in the finals.  === you swept a much worse clipper team. this clipper team has a much better bench.
TAMU09SEC::no.37 - thebrunostrange - I dunno, I think you're being too harsh. Yes, the Spurs lost last year, but they made it to the WCF before they did. That's not too shabby. I'm not ready to make them the favorites to win it all yet, but they've got as good a shot as anyone else.  === they have a shot. but the clippers are better than last yr. and okc while missing harden are still extremely good.  Good thing we swept the clippers last year lol....And yes okc is still really good but come on, we were 2 games away from being in the finals.
no.37::thebrunostrange - I dunno, I think you're being too harsh. Yes, the Spurs lost last year, but they made it to the WCF before they did. That's not too shabby. I'm not ready to make them the favorites to win it all yet, but they've got as good a shot as anyone else.  === they have a shot. but the clippers are better than last yr. and okc while missing harden are still extremely good.
thebrunostrange::I dunno, I think you're being too harsh. Yes, the Spurs lost last year, but they made it to the WCF before they did. That's not too shabby. I'm not ready to make them the favorites to win it all yet, but they've got as good a shot as anyone else.
karelp::It's just one game, but it doesn't help Parker's case for MVP.
I hate Jerry Jones::Parker doesn't have a chance for MVP -- he plays for San Antonio, Stern and the powers that be would NEVER allow that to happen.
no.37::parker was never going to win mvp.
milwaukeemonster2::thats splitters award to lose
mkwan0::can people please put to rest this ridiculous argument that a team whose core has won 4 rings, who went on a 10 game streak in last years playoffs, only wins in the regular season?
I hate Jerry Jones::people believe what they want to believe....forget the fact that the SPURS came 2 games from going to another NBA Finals, and in all seriousness, if the SPURS had gone, the Heatr would have never hoisted the Larry O'Brien - Spurs would have handled them.
thebrunostrange::I agree wholeheartedly. What other team goes to the WCF the previous year, only to be met with cries of "they're just a good REGULAR SEASON team." Absurd. Especially when the core has won 4 rings.
no.37::their last championship was 5 yrs ago. that is a very long time in the nba.
boomer6227::I saw that +5000 and thought I was on the wrong site.   ESPN still amaze on their coverage of the spurs.
masongates87::SPURS win again, not even a blip on the radar of ESPN's homepage or even their freakin' basketball homepage...I love it. Keep hyping up the sorry A$$ Knicks/ Heat and keep talking about the Fakers' troubles with that crybaby Howard, SPURS are just moving right along to another Finals run. Sorry Mr.Stern, can't wait to see you cry when that little "small market" team wins another one.
masongates87::I guess we'll have to see...the only other team in the west that is a SERIOUS contender for the title this year is OKC. LAC are a good team but I still have my doubts that they can make it to the title this year. Denver is good but they have no inside presence/ defense.
SpursManiac4Ever::For the sake of my viewing pleasure; I hope the Spurs draw the Nuggies in the playoffs (because I live in Denver). It is always a blast listening to the local sports guys on the radio whining about all their teams; Rockies, Broncos, Nuggets, and Avs.  And when the Nuggets play the Spurs, the enjoyment  is heightened because the Spurs OWN the Nuggets in the playoffs.  LOL  Clips are not ready for prime-time. Good team nucleus, but lacking in team play and mentality. OKC is in the crosshairs for us; payback is a $@%!$@ !!
masongates87::Oh, and where is SlamDunk when you need him?? Keep posting trash on SPURS boards you troll..everytime you do the SPURS WIN! Gotta love it!!
Sinistersedan847::Slamdunk? Spurs board? Last time I checked two teams played last night. As for the Spurs? They'll make the playoffs... Then $hitI the bed like they did last year.
mkwan0::Spurs winning is not news.    'Breaking news...the sun came up today'  Take it as a compliment
masongates87::But Lakers losing AGAIN is news?? seriously???
Sinistersedan847::Who cares?
flexylexy7::Are they still going to fine the team?
I hate Jerry Jones::What a stupid a.ss question....these players all have legitimate injuries, why would the league fine them?  C'mon people you're not that stupid....are you?
flexylexy7::I agree with you all.
Cool Sun 13::They weren't playing against Stern's favorite team, the Heat. So there will be no fine.
Randy Johnson stole my petunias.::It wasn't a nationally broadcasted game so probably not.
mccoy3181::Fining a team is so stupid.  I mean how do you know that they arent really hurt if they sit out?  Stern needs to retire already.  He has ruined the NBA.
Randy Johnson stole my petunias.::I didn't agree with the fine but I somewhat understand it as well.  The league gets a TON of money from TV rights and that was a marquee matchup between two of the leagues top teams.  Yes the game ended up being close but I think it was more of a message to SA saying you can do it but not for national TV games where the whole league makes money from.
Randy Johnson stole my petunias.::I'm not a Spurs fan (Mavs fan here) but man I have a hell of a lot of respect for that organization.  They've built teams the right way and they've gotten supporting casts that fit their system so well that even now they're still championship caliber.  And I have to give props to Parker.  I never thought he'd develop into what he's become today but I give him credit for working on his game and getting better.  I don't know why there isn't more MVP talk when it comes to him.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Popovich has tried to get rid of Parker many times too and tried to sign Jason Kidd year's ago over Parker when Kidd was a free agent.  I'm glad the two stayed together....3 rings later they're still together.
Randy Johnson stole my petunias.::I think he tried to do that because I think he thought what many of us probably thought but I give him credit for getting better and becoming an elite PG.  Wasn't there even slight talk after 05 and 07 of getting rid of Parker if the right deal came along?  I remember something like that coming up that was being rumored.
ThunderHornz::hwsparks - If you're not a fan, are you just here to hurl insults?  I am a fan of the Thunder first and any other good basketball second. I have not insulted the Spurs team on any board. I may get in a scrape with some fans that show up on aThunder board hurling insults but I won't do that here,  on YOUR board. I have behaved as a good guest.  Go ahead punk, SHOW ME INSULTS I POSTED lol! Didn't think you could!
Cool Sun 13::I'm calling it right now, Kawhi Leonard is going to be a star after Duncan and Ginobili retires.
SpursManiac4Ever::I think Kawhi is already a star. He just doesn't get any press to speak of because he is a Spur. But he doesn't care about accolades; again, because he is a true Spur.
detus::called it from the start of the season~ everyone said he didnt have the offensive game? kawhi has the potential to be the best spurs ever because his ceiling is so high and look at all the resources he has at his disposal, spurs just need to let kawhi play just like they need baynes to play.
Andrew23135::bit too late to just call that like it's something impressive if you've ever watched spurs play
Andrew23135::got to love buford and how great of a system he runs. look how the way he runs an organization has two of the best teams in the nation. just fantastic buford and presti
mccoy3181::Go Spurs Go
Sinistersedan847::Yes... please go.
Redskins_Spurs_SEC::I missed the game last night because in my area they broadcast the Mavs game... How did KaWOW do on defense? Was he guarding Deng?  Did KaWOW hold Deng to such low points or was Deng just off?
SpursManiac4Ever::If you had NBA League Pass you wouldn't have that problem.  :o)
Redskins_Spurs_SEC::damn you... lol
detus::he limited Deng to 11 points on 4-13 shooting while also scoring a new career high 26 points
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::People commenting earlier were stating Leonard shut down Deng pretty well with his on ball defense, however I did not watch the game either.
FightinMs::how the spurs dont get more recognition is beyond me
FightinMs::4 titles... spot on comment
MudrunnerVA3::Cause they bow out come playoffs.
SpursManiac4Ever::MudrunnerVA3 - In that case, why don't you give the Lakers some love?  Spurs fans giving Flakers love? Buahahahahahahahahahahahaha  What are you smoking bro'?
FightinMs::because this is a spurs bulls board
MudrunnerVA3::In that case, why don't you give the Lakers some love?
arbor86::Except the four times they won the championship.
FightinMs::every year they're never mentioned then all of a sudden you look up and they have at least the best if not one of the 5 best records in the league, its just incredible
nicehair27::it's amazing how they just keep winning, and no one even seems to notice.....
ThunderHornz::I notice!
rollin up paper planes::Yo dog pass me da ball so i can do da bounce bounce moves wid it...yeeuhh uhhhh yeeeuuhh nomsayin?
incredibeau::wait... where is the spurs index? rapid reaction? you mean the spurs aren't as good as the celtics, bulls, mavericks, lakers, clippers, knicks, or nets? 48minutesofhell &gt; espn(insert big city with crappier team than the spurs).com
Get your foot off the boat::Wow...sit Manu, Parker and Duncan and beat Chicago on the road and almost beat Miami on the road.  How freakin' scary is THAT?
detus::they said the heat game was a fluke and that the heat played down to their level , so is chicago a fluke too? the bench players know how to play,   @Mia - TP/TD/Manu/Green/ Jackson/ Kawhi = loss by 5 @Chi - TP/TD/Manu/Jackson = almost got them by 20 until bulls got it pretty close (final W by 14)  sounds like green and kawhi made all the difference in both games
MudrunnerVA3::More like a fluke.
SpursManiac4Ever::I think the "fluke" here is you mudrunner....
MRcantholdmedown::I am not sure if I like this new Spurs unis or not.
6in6::Road alternates. At least the Spurs won't be wearing soccer uniforms on the 22nd against the Golden State Football Club.
MRcantholdmedown::Chip, chip cheerio
Dominique_Olajuwon_Ewing::they are throwbacks
CU11mdupnic::they are the new alternates
rgcctx::Great win for the Spurs last night. Leonard and Green will be the keys to a deep playoff run. They kind of dissapeared against Oklahoma City last year.  I think with that experience behind them it will be a different story this year. And of course the big three need to be healthy.
luvnbayes::agree completely about Leonard and disagree about Green.  He has not shown the ability to compete in big games yet.  i think besides Leonard the key guy is Splitter, who also disappeared in last years playoffs.  And totally agree about the big 3 needing to be healthy.
Jackson Zeller::Oh yea I agree.
Jackson Zeller::Spurs Fan since they won thier first NBA Title.
LosHeatSonLosMejores18::Bulls are a joke!
osubudman::Anyone wondering if Stern is gonna threaten to fine the Spurs again for sitting their stars?
osubudman::Yeah. 'Hurt'.
Get your foot off the boat::What?  No more:  Tim Duncan -----DNP - Old ---------  in the box score?
lsiberian::They are all hurt right now.
mpascal333::Only team standing in the way of the Spurs is OKC. THey gotta figure something out there.
Jackson Zeller::HA OKC is not in the way of the Spurs HA ,HA, HA, HA.
ThunderHornz::Don't be ugly sugar!
Cowboys N Spurs Dynasty::No Harden for OKC so it's going to be easier for Spurs to knock them out
lsiberian::I'll hold off on crowning this team. You got the Clippers, and Grizzlies too.   When does DRose return?
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::I agree that this SPurs team is better than last year's team with an improved defense.  The keys to the improvement has been the play of Leonard, Green, and Splitter.  If they keep playing at a high level and there are no major injuries I like the Spurs chances at getting number 5.
lsiberian::I disagree with the analysis. The Spurs really don't rely on the open 3 that much more than OKC. Sure we get an extra 3 a game, but we also have a lower percentage. Also our defense has vastly improved from 16th to 8th. Pop makes players better defenders over time and that is the secret to winning in the playoffs. The real problem is nerves. The spurs got nervous in OKC and the veterans tried to bail the team out, but they simply weren't efficient enough to beat OKC.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::My main concern about the playoffs is the 3 ball. There aren't nearly as many open 3's in the playoffs because everyone actually plays defense. The Spurs live and die by the 3 a little too much in my opinion which hurts them in the playoffs. Also, most teams play their starters more minutes in the playoffs so the great Spurs bench is less of an advantage.  With all of that said, I'm only worried about the Thunder and Heat in the playoffs.
A Drunk Monk::That's a pretty bold statement considering there's still half a season left and the West is stacked with developing teams/talent. This isn't the East. Remember the Memphis series?
A Drunk Monk::No one said the Lakers are making the playoffs- it was a theoretical. The point is, it's a long NBA season with a ton of games left. I'd rather see the Lakers play- and lose- in the playoffs because it'd have more entertainment value than a boring Utah team. And there's no denying the top seeds would wake up more for a Laker matchup than a Utah one.  All I know is the West looks to be very exciting this year, a ton of great talent and teams. There will be upsets in the playoffs- the question is who will it be?
lsiberian::I don't think the Lakers make the playoffs, but they should.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::I would prefer the Spurs didn't play the Lakers in the 1st round because 1) it would mean the lakers are hot and have been playing well to even get into the playoffs, and 2) that big front court could cause some problems.  But the Lakers are slow and can't defend the pick and roll which is something the Spurs do well.
Jackson Zeller::Cowboys N Spurs Dynasty - Hey drunk monk. Saying the Lakers will make the playoff automatically makes it no reason to keep reading your comments. Lakers are a JOKE. JOke of the NBA  I agree The Lakers are a JOKE of the NBA.
Cowboys N Spurs Dynasty::You must be a closet Lakers fan. No wonder you don't list your favorite teams. Lakers are irrelevant to postseason talk
iplaydrunk247::yea i dont think the lakers will advance that far, not if houston can be consintant on the "W's"
A Drunk Monk::Or maybe your blind hate of the Lakers automatically makes your NBA comments irrelevant?   They've been playing absolutely terrible with a ton of injuries yet still can sneak into the 8th seed. Do you know how long the NBA season is? And I hate the Lakers as much as the next guy, but if I were to play a lower seed I wouldn't want it to be a Laker team compared to a team like Houston/Utah.
Cowboys N Spurs Dynasty::Hey drunk monk. Saying the Lakers will make the playoff automatically makes it no reason to keep reading your comments. Lakers are a JOKE. JOke of the NBA
A Drunk Monk::Obviously injuries like you said are a huge factor, yeah.   But aside from that who's to say what team could be hot entering the playoffs? Warriors with a healthy Bogut could be scary once they figure it out, Memphis is still trying to gel, Clippers are finally getting healthy (and have swept the Spurs so far this year), what if the Rockets make a trade? The Lakers come together and sneak into the 8th seed?  Still a lot of season left. You'd think Spurs fans of all people would understand regular season victories shouldn't lead to bold proclamations of playoff dominance.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::When healthy, I would agree with this bold statement but you never know when one of the big three will go down in the playoffs.  Manu was injured in the Memphis series and Memphis had the 3rd best record in the league that year (not season) when they beat the Spurs so they were hot.  The Clippers are still the Clippers and Timmy owns Blake.
Matty Ice Ice Romo::wow, impressive win on the road Spurs!!! And without Tim, Tony, and Manu? DAYYYUUUMMMM!
manimarf09::14 points is not a rout. Bulls kept this one close at various points.
Dj0_five::how could the bulls play down to the spurs level if the spurs won by 14?!?!? tell me that ddd007ddd..lol
Cowboys N Spurs Dynasty::Would have been a 40 point win with Timmy, Manu, and Parker.
ddd007ddd::Bulls realized Spurs didn't field its best,so they played to d opponent's level
Gucci Force Four::It is when it happened without Timmy, Manu and Parker
Jackson Zeller::"Black and Silver" www.youtube.com/BlackandSilverSpurs
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::No Tim, no Tony, no Manu, no problem!
ddd007ddd::really?
Jackson Zeller::Who thinks that the LA Clippers are going all the way?
WeAreTheMenInBlack::Clips play monkeyball.  That ish don't cut it in the playoffs.
manimarf09::I could go on and on about how they won't.
A Drunk Monk::But then you realized 99% of your points were unfounded and decided against writing them out.
A faixa azul::nobody. all flash, when it comes down to winning in the playoffs, they'll fail.
Gucci Force Four::Well when a large part of your offense is lobs just saying
A Drunk Monk::How is top 5 in offensive and defensive efficiency pre-CP3 injury "all-flash?"
A Drunk Monk::They have a chance, but who knows in the playoffs. Still half a season left.
Jackson Zeller::The Chicago Bulls had no Chance at all when they played the SPURS.
ddd007ddd::playing2opponent's level,backfired
Cowboys N Spurs Dynasty::Miami will lose to either the Pacers or Knicks. Plus the Knicks have already proved it earlier this year they can beat the Heat.  Spurs vs Knicks NBA Finals. Spurs in 5
Jackson Zeller::No, Spurs vs Miami Heat in the NBA Finals.
ddd007ddd::an OKC fan,but i like Chicago BBall too................... always rooting 4 OKC,but appreciate a good team dt is Bulls
Gucci Force Four::Ya ok then how does that explain the other 28 teams?
Gucci Force Four::Yeah I think it might be Spurs vs Knicks too.
Gucci Force Four::In this one. I can understand you'd be shocked that it's not your team the Thunder/Bulls/Clippers/Heat/Pacers/etc.
ddd007ddd::in wot universe?
TRUUU_SPURZ::Exposed
ddd007ddd::d Heat  of a month ago is nt d Heat of last week,they will beat any team rt now,even my OKC
Gucci Force Four::He likes all teams just so he can't be wrong when someone wins a title. The saddest bandwagoner around
Cowboys N Spurs Dynasty::You just said you're a bull fan and now your telling me you're a OKC fan?  #BANDWAGONER
Jackson Zeller::All of you LA Laker Fans out there, the Lakers really SUCK this season, I mean Kobe(Garbage).
Jackson Zeller::Kobe is causing a problem for his team, he's not pssing the ball, all he is doing is shoot the ball.
lsiberian::Kobe isn't the problem. The coach is. Just let Kobe run the team and they'd be in the playoffs.
TRUUU_SPURZ::Its crazy what a team can do when there well prepared no off the court distractions and limit turnovers.
