bamberg1977::Pistons lost, but they had several tough whistles at end of game against them.   I love seeing Pistons play decent with Monroe and Knight leading the way. Points to a very strong future, especially when the best youngster is out. Pistons will make playoffs next year.. and  if they keep Calderon, they might even challenge for a mid-seed spot and win a series.. Pistons were leading NBA in points in paint before Drummond got hurt. They need his presence bad, especially on D. But both ways he's huge.
DTownSportsLions::Freaking Pistons
NolaJag::Dang it we won! Gosh darn it!   At least Phoenix won to where we are only behind Sacramento in the western race for ping pong balls
guerillakush::yayyy we finally won a game! lol
guerillakush::we never $@%!$@ win lol
sk1mrsteve::yay! double fries at mcd's tomorrow !! For those of us who live in nola lol
guerillakush::really? lol nice might have to get me some fries haa
haf60::how has anthony davis turned out?
guerillakush::ya he needs to put on some size, learn how the nba works this year, stay healthy..and helll next season he will be top class.
4480William::When healthy, this kid is a true star.  Remember, he's just 19.
4480William::What the Detroit Pistons need:  (1) Joe Dumars to go and replace him with John Hammond.  (2) Let Lawrence Franks go and replace him with Bill Laimbeer.  (3) Trade Greg Monroe for Al Jefferson.  (4) Get rid of Brandon Knight and draft Isiaish Canaan of Murray State.
RocHawks::Are you serious? Get rid of Greg Monroe and Brandon Knight? You must be joking
4480William::Too much Austin Rivers won this game for the Pelicans.
Tdavis2304::Drummond will be ROY
guerillakush::I think hes being sarcastic
Philip3664::He only had 7 points lol
Philip3664::Ummm i believe there is a kid out in Portland named Damian Lillard who will win ROY.....and idk about the rest of that
4480William::Rivers not only will be the NBA Rookie of the Year this year, I expect him to be first team All NBA next year.  This kid is the next Kevin Johnson and Penny Hardaway wrapped in one.  His 7 points were the difference in this game.
Philip3664::Sacramento just got killed by the Spurs tonight. Hope the Pistons have a better game.
Aceman32223::The Nba needs to review the officiating in this game.
Buddhaboi32::only people the pistons should keep are.: Knight, Drummond, Monroe, Singler. haha they have the most potetial. Pistons need to figure out knight though. is he going to be a shooting guard. or scoring point. managment has to figure ths out so we can decide who to draft.
rp40291::Haha Monroe, the guy who just dropped almost 30-10 on 50% shooting?
4480William::Stats lie with this guy.  He gets those nights against nobodies and disappears against good talent.  The Piston will never win with him because he is too soft defensively and he doesn't have any toughness or dog in him.  Detroit needs someone who will bring out the best in Drummond and Mr. Softie AIN'T the answer.  Drummond needs some Laimbeer type coaching.
4480William::Get rid of Monroe.  He is too soft and too inconsistent.  The Pistons need a dog up front to teach Drummond how to enhance his skills.  The Pistons need a mentor like Al Jefferson to work with him.
rp40291::Nancy Karrigen? Are you an official here? Cause you have officially given me a boner!
ccgagnon365::lol come on ESPN it's not the beginning of the 4th quarter. Get your sh*t together!
Ferda24::Is a midseason firing out of the question?
smackdab0::simgle addition by subtraction.. waive stuckey.. give him 4 mill.. and tell him to go on..
rp40291::I can honestly say that he quite literally has not gotten better since we drafted him.
smackdab0::simple*
TheFinalPlay::Jim Leyland can make a better lineup than Frank
NOLABarca::Wow the Pelicans (Hornets) actually won a game.
guerillakush::hey now we win every now and then lol
Buddhaboi32::if frank doesnt start drummond when he comesback.. heads will roll
TheJTram::Frank...lemme make this clear....RODNEY STUCKEY IS NOT RAY ALLEN
Buddhaboi32::frank sucks.but does anyone else hate dumars also?
rp40291::I'll reserve judgement until he gives OJ Mayo a max contract then I can fully hate him
Buddhaboi32::he has made crucial mistakes in our rebuiling process
TheFinalPlay::yes
Ferda24::Frank has to go. I don't know how he got the job in the first place
TheJTram::Why am I not surprised Frank managed to scr ew this game up...#FireFrank
t casey::Typical. He almost botched the last game with that nonsense.
TheJTram::Played Jose for like only 4 mins of the 4th quarter. Drew up a final play for a 3 with RODNEY STUCKEY, and most of the starters didn't play much of the 2nd half
t casey::I didn't get a chance to watch the game tonight. What did he do this time?
t casey::You got that right.
rp40291::Classic Frank lol
TheFinalPlay::Also left the starters on the bench way too late in the game
rp40291::Drew up a three pointer for Stuckey to tie the game at the end lol
Buddhaboi32::ive had enough of stuckey
JimDetroitFan95::GG Hornets fans..
TheFinalPlay::Fire Frank
SoyMejorQueTu::Grande Greivis!!!!!!!
JimDetroitFan95::Excellent player management tonight Lawrence....... GTFO of here....
TheJTram::smh good game Hornets
Clayton98022::hornets win!
LiqureAgain::By?
Clayton98022::YES!
smackdab0::WE got 4 or 5 guys that shoot a better 3 than stuckey.... calderon, bk7, CV, even singler.. maybe jarebko.. i hate that ball hog.
evanb1990a::Stuckey either being ball hog or a play seriously drawn up for him. Either is idiotic.
rp40291::Pistons trying to lose games, drawing up plays for their worst 3-point shooter haha. I love it though.
s2kyang::this game so stupid all the scores are wrong
SdotPaul504::This draft class may not be the best but im still excited to see the first ever drafted Pelican
4480William::Seth Curry, Duke.
Ptball0::Hornets really won by 5?!?!?!
TheJTram::Knight or Calderon should have taken the last shot
Packers Fan 29::$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
smackdab0::DAMN, i didnt even cover..
LTC908::hornets gonna cover -3.5?
michael porter::yes
Ferda24::F.uck Rodney Stuckey. Not even because of tonight. Dude has been a huge bust
rp40291::It's called tanking guys, when the play is designed to get your worst three point shooter a three pointer lol. Good call Coach Frank.
SdotPaul504::Free French Friesss muahahaha.
michael porter::Hornets win by 5
Clayton98022::B Knight should take last shot
lazers97::$@%!$@
evanb1990a::Why um, do we run a play for Stuckey to shoot a 3 when Knight and Calderon are much better at it? Curious
smackdab0::i dont think the play was run for stuckey.. atleast i hope not.. the guy shoots less than 30 percent from 3
Ptball0::YES!!!! Hit these FT's...make my degenerate $@% some money!!!
smackdab0::OH YAH, YALL GOT THE FOUL
michael porter::Hornets up 3 going to the line with 2 sec
UVA_Drew::but it's aminu..... uh oh
Ferda24::haha Stuckey jacking up a terrible shot with 4 seconds left. I'm so sick of this dogs.hit team
Philip3664::Why was Rodney the one shooting it....
smackdab0::he got it and didnt give it up.. idk why.. hate that dude.
