BJSaxMan93::Knicks are overrated
Ucannotbesirius::If the Nets can sustain this competitve play until the Allstar break ticket sales are likely to go through the roof!
BK HOTSHOT::I'm not buying it my fellow BKNets fans. I say the owner was right to fire Avery Johnson &amp; I say the owner will be right to keep making improvements, even if they are winning now. I said several weeks ago they need to trade Kris Humphries for Bargnani in Toronto. Let's make it happen! I still say trade for Dwight Howard. Sorry Lopez, but Reggie Evans has proved me right. You need to improve your rebounding. I was right that Joe Johnson must stay aggressive &amp; take over games like Kobe, Lebron, DWade, Carmelo &amp; Durant. I believe he's good enough. Stop looking for DWill, cause he's going to get his. I said trade for younger players, for more energy in the 3rd quarter(our worst period), but letting the young ones (Brooks) we have get more playing time is working out. Let's play San Antonio again &amp; win, then we'll talk about not making more moves. I say, keep the heat on!
capclip9::Let's just enjoy the team, Nets fans. Don't start in with whether or not the Nets are better than the Knicks, or fret over whom they've beaten as opposed to whom they lost to. They're playing good ball right now. PJ may have been able to help find the correct synergy for this bunch, and now the talent is showing. I feel very good about this team, top to bottom. Just don't get carried away and start pounding your chest yet. We've seen more downs than ups with this franchise over the years and have had a bad wake-up call already this year. I'm just glad that the team has begun to rewrite its course. Were they the 11-4 November team? Or the 5-10 December team? For now, it seems like the former. But, the fact that the Nets stood strong and won these games, regardless of whom they beat, is a testament to the fact that they WILL be a factor down the road, and a tough out in any given 7-game series. Just forget the Knicks, the Knicks fans, the level of competition, and enjoy our team.
arizonasportsman::Every time the Suns AND Lakers lose all is good.
pastelpaul::The start of being a winning team is to beat the bad teams every time out. The Nets are doing that. Now the next step is to win some of the games against the top competition. Right now in the East that is Boston, Indiana and Chicago, especially the Pacers. I will really be impressed if they can beat Indiana.
jrosales10::People are saying Nets are only winning because they are playing bad teams. But good a good team should blow out the suns like the Nets did. They've won the last three games by 20 pts, but even if they were all under .500 teams that is impressive. And they did blow the thunder in early this month in OKC. Besides going to double OT against the wizards the Nets have started the New Year red hot. If they beat the 3rd place Pacers on sunday they will have the same record as them.
Ontario925::The Nets are playing very good right now but their biggest test since their last loss against the Spurs will be against the hot Pacers. The Pacers are the hottest team in the East Conference in their last 10 games..
eluna2122::they beat the thunder after the spurs lost
roastbeafman87::If I were Brooks I would want out of that team...he literally might be better than JJ and yet he plays 11 minutes a night.
eluna2122::ur crazy
Crooklynism::umm, what? no
FORKWDEVIL::suns suck
TheWalkingDead92::Its a struggle to watch this team.... im still a fan though and i know that you can't rebuild a team overnight. Definitely looking forward to the draft. Hopefully we get the number one pick and draft Shabazz Muhammad. Sorry if his name was misspelled
Super_Ultra_Mega::"haha yea yea game ovah baby who coming wit me to da strip club!?"  -blatche
jeff050578::Everyone please do the right thing and vote David Lee to the All Star team.
BravesPackersCougzSounders::So do people over in New Jersey still go to the games? Just curious...
djny2k12::Yup...true Net fans still show up at games. It's not as if Brooklyn is across the coast from Jersey.
Celtics_Red Sox_Pats_Mavs::The Knicks are scared shitless right now
jeff050578::Which Nets team is the real Nets team? The one that started the season on fire and is hot right now or the one that was very bad in between? I say they are some where in the middle and are a slightly better then average Eastern Conference team. Maybe 5-7 seed
djny2k12::Nets have tons of talent...it just takes time to gel and build chemistry. Avery didn't help that cause. I think majority of the wins in November were due opponents not having info. to scout the Nets and coach not making any adjustments. Plus there was a lot of hype with a new arena and location.
42antoine56::http://www.worldstarhiphop.com/videos/video.php?v=wshh5kMtFXb9XH5xedg9 please if they doin this players n the nba need too get back to the game n make the ALLSTAR GAME WAT IT USE TOO B EVERYONE LOOK AT THIS
Super Bowl NFL 11 11 93::Again, you won because you played another $@%!$@ team.
SPGCPA::says the front running Heat fan....
sixfive77::Beat the teams you are supposed to beat and split with the others. that is the name of the game.
dandegregs::Doesn't matter how you win, or who you face. A win is a win
i-just-ate-a-whole-bag-of-chips::the original Gorilla must be rolling over in his grave
Deshawn Williams II::The suns are seruiously pathetic
eaglesnumb20::NETS &gt; KNICKS...obviously
gemstar828::if ur a catarac patient...or u just can't count..they're good, but not better the the knicks....right?
SPGCPA::who might that be ???...the HEat ???.....they're still the class of the East obviously....but the Nets are uniquely positioned in that their 2 best players.....are where the Heat are the weakest.......
Super Bowl NFL 11 11 93::Just wait, the real test is coming for you!
Jglauda::The Nets won and will keep winning now
Birds can fly backwards::Phoenix is just a God awful sports town  Suns: garbage D-backs: garbage Cards: LOL Coyotes: LMAO
BravesPackersCougzSounders::Ummm the Arizona Cardinals play in Glendale, not Phoenix. Shows how much you know about sports.
jawn01::most of that is true but the yotes made the western conference finals and lost to the eventual champs LA kings. Sadly I cant argue with much else of it. The college sports with ASU are a bit better though at least.
eaglesnumb20::Phoenix has better $@%! to do than worry about sports clearly
NYChe21::Like sit in 3 hours of traffic to get to work.
jasondean1909::I love people who Like there own comment.....pretty pathetic!
jasondean1909::Hey I hear our indoor soccer team is pretty good.=)
dubzcheckem11::I knew the Nets couldn't hang with a contender like the Suns.  Robin Lopez really showed his brother how to ball tonight!
Porkchop8920::would've been funny if Robin Lopez was still on the Suns...
Boyanime2K13::lol
rayjayisle::ok nets 15-1 versus teams with losing record, name the one without looking it up
jcob0507::at the time min was 1-0 though, so didn't count as a loss to a team with a losing record.
eaglesnumb20::Minnesota , 3rd game cause I remember them having a 23 point lead and losing it all of a sudden, they just collapsed and boom went the dynamite
Boyanime2K13::No,The Nets are undefeated vs teams with losing records..
Starling Marte always a boss::during the Nets 5 game winning streak, they have won by 20 points 3 times and by 17 or more in 4 of those 5, the Wiz game in 2OT was the only close one
NYChe21::I'm gonna have class and not troll the Knicks board tonight.
eaglesnumb20::Knicks fans are garbage
eluna2122::ur a better man then me
NYChe21::lol
rayjayisle::if philly continues slide then the 8 playoff teams are set in the east, all that remains is positioning.  personally just don't take 8th, any team from 7th to 2nd can beat the other
kirkaz72::When did the Suns last draft a meaningful player?
MrFreese13::They drafted all kinds back in the day but instead of keep them, they trade them away for crap talent
NYChe21::Good question.
thekola::Billy King has put together a really good team in a short period of time. Props to him
rayjayisle::jason skid looking his age lately
NYChe21::Thought the same thing.  He's not pushing the ball at all 2nite.
The Brooklyn Dynasty is Legit::ight peace beastles. gonna troll some fans of the worse team in NY
Thedevil25::My question is this.  If you had the opportunity to get a good quality shooter and it involved giving up Brooks, would you pull the trigger?
Antonio1747::Brooks is already a good pure shooter. As he continues to get more playing time, he'll become even more automatic. I watched him in Providence and saw him drop 40 on gtown. dude can shoot.  Now if you can get someone who is as good a shooter and can defend...i might pull the trigger.
rayjayisle::got to be a small forward that starts and scores over 15
Starling Marte always a boss::nobody is going to give up Andre Iguodala for Marshon Brooks
The Brooklyn Dynasty is Legit::Hell no
Starling Marte always a boss::Brooks is a good quality shooter, so no
Starling Marte always a boss::I watched him at Providence for years, he can slash, but he is a great pure shooter, just a great all around scorer, but defense has always been his weakness
Thedevil25::Brooks is more of a take it to the basket type of player
jaybos0::26 points n a half that sad suns
rayjayisle::marshon in trade to dump humphries and his useless 12mil salary, got to give the other team something in a trade, nets should lock up blatche now for 3 years, he is making less than 1 mil and is easily the 4th or 5th best player on the team
spcoon::if we could land a solid three (thad young type), i' do that in a heartbeat. move crash to the four with reggie, blatche and teletovic coming off the bench...
SPGCPA::so why do we have to dump Hump now ???......he will bring back more in trade next year....I'm not giving away Marshon just to dump Hump..
NYChe21::As good as he's played, I'm not signing Blatche to more than 2 years.
The Brooklyn Dynasty is Legit::in retrospect i wish the nets made moves to keep gerald green and morrow.... but i still like this team a ton
Starling Marte always a boss::not a big Morrow fan, he never met my expectations, and as a Net he tried to do more than his abilities allowed him to, but Gerald Green is an amazing athlete
Starling Marte always a boss::yeah, maybe a Lopez kickout pass would help him
The Brooklyn Dynasty is Legit::morrow would have more open looks with this team. last year he had no open shots
eluna2122::agree
Starling Marte always a boss::Chicago is waxing the Bricks, so a chance to gain a game tonight
JonahNYC::Wow, great D by the Nets for once. 26 in the second half?
eluna2122::top 5 D in the league
JonahNYC::Except they usually forget to play D in the 3rd Q.
The Brooklyn Dynasty is Legit::but really... any nets fan who puts marshon in a trade is dumb
Starling Marte always a boss::Brook and Brooks are my two favorite players on the team
JonahNYC::I miss Brian Scalabrine :p
The Brooklyn Dynasty is Legit::same
thekola::thank you
Starling Marte always a boss::Marshon Brooks player of the game
UNCHeels725::Sun fans: Don't shake your head.  You played well.
UNCHeels725::Broooklyn!
The Brooklyn Dynasty is Legit::who is this Zeller lmao
Starling Marte always a boss::another brother
Porkchop8920::the oldest one, he played at ND
Starling Marte always a boss::Luke Zeller is Tyler and Cody's brother
BJSaxMan93::I had no idea there was a third
UNCHeels725::<b>KENDALL MARSHALL IS IN THE GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  COME ON NETS, LET'S LET HIM SCORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  #UNC4LIFE.</b>
Starling Marte always a boss::this is kinda crazy
nets1fan_::TOGO!!!!
DanMar1324::toko
Boyanime2K13::K, Time to watch the Circus, sorry I mean Knicks game...
UNCHeels725::Toko!
Boyanime2K13::Toko 4 QUICK POINTS
