dychen::Jeremy will learn this year and get better next year and be phenomenal in his 3rd season where he will be traded to the Lakers and reunited with D'Antoni to replace Nash in his last year of contract.  Book it!
NguyenDragon::I can actually see Morey doing this knowing how much he likes to stash assets...
FootballKingFrans::so if we add a dwight howard or another big player to our team we can be contenders?
NguyenDragon::Most likely...
Basketball Enthusiast::I think it's a cool story that Harden is putting up big scoring numbers with his new team. But as we've seen in NY with Carmelo, scoring 30, 35, 40, whatever it is on 20, 25, 30 jacked up shots isn't a recipe to get you far in this league.   Ex. Harden has been going off but the Rockets are a .500 team so far.
NguyenDragon::You do realize the Rockets is a young rebuilding team right?  The scoring will come from Harden for now...
NguyenDragon::I am hoping he is smart enough to realize that team basketball is what wins championships... They are still building trust... You could be right though... He did play with Westbrook...
Basketball Enthusiast::True, but if the coaches let him loose now like they have been and allow him to play hero-ball game in and game out, I think it'll be hard for him to change that mindset about his place on this team.
AdamMcD1536::He hasn't really been going off, he has three games over 30 points two of which he shot less than 40% also to reiterate your point if you don't win you're irrelevant.
Basketball Enthusiast::He is the second leading scorer in the league. Ahead of global superstars like Durant and LeBron. If that isn't going off, tell me what is lol
grungewasfun::WE'RE NOT  RACIST PEOPLE!!!!! - SAS + JEMELE HILL WERE CAUGHT MAKING OUT IN THE BACK SEAT..
grungewasfun::WHY ARE THERE SO MANY jLIN HJATERS OUT THERE??......IT'S LIKE EVERY YOUNG PLAYERS ARE ALLOW TIMES TO LEARN AND GROW....BUT jLIN CAN'T?.....SERIOUSLY.....  THE ROCKETS ARE THE YOUNGEST TEAM AND THEY'RE 4-4.....jLIN IS FACING jACKIE ROBINSON TRIAL AND TRIBULATION.....WALLS NEED TO BE BROKEN DOWN......ENOUGH IS ENOUGH ALREADY......
Megatron1k984::Jlin will be an all star this year but not bcuz of his gm, he'll get voted in
bwc2000::I think it's because he got a 25 million contract and also the fixated on the 15 million in the 3rd year..   They don't know how to do math.. 25/3 = average 8 millions per year which is still less than Tyson 14 million per year.. and..you know who -Melo's contract.  So 8.3 mill a year ia like for an nba player which is fine.  They are just hoping that by 3rd year JLin is going to be an all-star.
Basketball Enthusiast::Interesting Jackie Robinson comparison. The courts on my campus are flooded with Chinese international students, wouldn't be surprised if we see a lot more Chinese in the league in the next couple decades
NguyenDragon::People in general just like to hate...
thekinks1965::Paul McCartney was performing down the street from the Rockets game. the streets were packed!!
JustinTimeHeHe::If I have a hurt player in fantasy B-ball, should i put him on the bench or UTIL? What is UTIL?
Emoney321000::You could drop him and find another player to take his place. Only one player in my league still has a man that is out (Bynum)
CandySparker::LeBron James Harden
khufstetler3::If the trade off for a lack of offense from Lin is a Asik getting double-doubles, then I'm cool with that. Lin will start doing better overall once he's fully recovered.
bwc2000::good point
SBaller74::Recovered from what? Smh Lol
Dawan208::Remember last year they were ready to trade Dwayne Wade because he was non productive.  He could not even shoot his free throws.   They said they should trade him or that he was washed up.    Finds out he needed to have his knee drained.  Later on he got surgery and now he's almost as good.  I wonder if  lin still has some more healing .   Because Lin can't  shoot shots that were easy for him last year!
Spursdc::wishful thinking
Machine from future::Jeremy Lin has not fully recovered from his knee injury, but he is doing something remarkable again and transforming himself as a player to better his team.  He's playing better defense which is much needed by the Rockets.  A hallmark of a great athlete is adaptability.  As been said before, Jeremy is Lin it to win it.  Jeremy's teammates and the game announcers recognize this.
SBaller74::Lol??? Lin hasn't recovered? In his own words he was 85% last year when he and his agent decided it was best he not play in playoffs against Miami fearing he would be exposed and wouldnt get paid that big contract. During the playoffs everyone is banged up with nagging injuries but he couldnt go. Its not like he tore his ACL or something he had minor surgery that heals in a month. I think Lin has skill but what kills me is you fans who only saw the highlights of the 8 games he played on espn trying to make excusses for him. He has skill but he is no more than a backup and thats it. What you see now is all you will get from Lin while his agent laughes his way to the bank.
bwc2000::I think he is recovered already in a way.. at least that's what he said.. or he meant he doesn't think about it..so he should be fine.. UNLESS the docs know something he doesn't or they had misdiagnostic as a little torn meniscus.. who knows.. But something might be bothering him.. mentally maybe.
Moogtoog5000::Lin get paid more because he sells tickets.  Didn't you get the memo?
bwc2000::true.. I mean take a look at JIanlIang, or ZhiZhi r whatever his name is.. his asian..but he doesn't get the same treatment as Yao Ming or Lin.
Dawan208::I don't think so he's not Yao Ming.   You have to be productive or even the Asian people won't come out.    And the Houston Rockets aren't saling out.
NoonGame::in all fairness, sure he is in a shooting slump but in away he's making it up by being top 5 leaders in steals and play very hard.
NoonGame::lets hope he get his swagger back when his shots start falling again that was fun to see last season. but so far this season he also cut down the turnovers less than 1/2. got to get ready to go work now, we'll chat at the next game.
Machine from future::AKA adaptability.  Sure any bona fide athlete can make the proverbial "switch" in their head to go from offense to defense or vice versa.  But their numbers have to back them up.  In Lin's case, the numbers do back up his increased defensiveness.  Personally, I'd rather see Lin return to great offense once he's at full health again.  And if he maintains his defense, all the better.  Rajon Rondo is a good role model for Lin.
NoonGame::not  the new orlean  announers and some of the guys in espn said he overpaid...but I agree with you that he is alot better on defense stronger/faster/assist/passing but you have to agree his shooting is stink right now...
Machine from future::SO many athletes are overpaid.  Big names that come to my mind are Alex Rodriguez, Jason Werth, Albert Pujols, Michael Vick and so forth.  The onset of an injury does play a part, I admit.  In any case, overpaid is overpaid but does not directly equate to a bad athlete.  As for Lin's crappy shooting to date when compared to last year and especially before his injury, yes that's something that needs to improve.  He knows it as well.
BXwarriorBX::Vasquez dropped 24 on lin how is that better defense ?
bwc2000::If using your logic of 1 on 1, well, you can say he had 'shut down' chamler for the Heats.
bwc2000::he has 3 Steals.. it doesn't have to be 1 on 1.. because bball is a team sport moron.
jackp16::I believe "Linsanity" has collapsed and will never return. He was, however, smart enough to see the writing on the wall and made himself a multi millionaire just in time.
bwc2000::well, if that is the case, have to give him thumbs up for that anyways... right.. afterall he is a Harvard Econ major so he took 'Dolan to buisiness school'. lol
rex_coach::Harden was MARVELOUS last evening!  Great trade! ;)
Dawan208::Yea he is so athletic!
Emoney321000::You guys sound kinda gay. Yeah, Harden is good but you should be paying attention to the way your saying it.
Cool Sun 13::What do y'all think of this trade?  Rockets receive: A-Davis, Ryan Anderson, Darius Miller. Hornets receive: Asik, Patterson, T-Douglas, and Parsons.
bwc2000::we should keep Asik.. he has potential.. he just have to learn to shoot! And shooting is an ability that can be learn by muscle memory... Other things like intellect, court vision, natural PNR and stuff are harder to learn
NguyenDragon::You guys can have Douglas for free...
bwc2000::LOL
DuaneXC::I'm a Rockets fan and no
sotapopinski::you're a moron if you think the hornets would do that
TotalDominator::LOL you'd have to drug the Hornet's GM first
EDDIE12LUO::I would rather have Davis, potential all-star. The rest are solid/decent players in the NBA
rex_coach::Crickets
Heritage Champion::How many airballs did Jeremy "TurnOverRated" Lin launch last night? I'm waiting for sports analysts to finally start calling a spade a spade concerning this guy.
George7844::You are a trolling MF. Everyone shoots an air ball occasionally. You are SOOOO butt-hurt over losing him. GET OVER IT, DAWG---HE'S GONE !!! He's a Rocket now, and a darn good one. After a few more games you will be even MORE butt-hurt!!! HAR, HAR, HAR ~
zackdaddy85::wow okc fans are actually saying on their fan website that they would bet on okc vs the grizz in a playoff series and that it's crazy to say harden is half as good as westbrook,  im a diehard okc fan, but I think america can agree that grizz ould smoke the thunder in a 7 game series starting tomorrow and that every gm outside okc would take harden over westbrook, Am I right?
DuaneXC::It is a long season but, I think the Grizzlies have a higher ceiling (never thought I'd hear myself say that).  Regarding the Harden / Westbrook debate, I'm not sure who is better but, I'm happy with who we got.  He has a much better attitude too.
azwildcat6867::I started following this online bet system called Sportsbettingstar a couple months ago. I have made about $3,000 a month average so far.  I was looking for a handicapper one night and just google searched the words  Sports Betting System, it was there on the first page. Didnt seem legit at first but ended up being awesome
jackp16::Your gambling addiction will overtake you eventually and you will be broke and a loser. Gooberment assistance is just around the corner for you.
Boyanime::Lin!  4 POINTS!!!
wHiTeTiGeR586::Peace out Fans...after it's all say and done, we're still humans :)
JustinTimeHeHe::Bye white
pogi_mavs::trade patterson and douglas get cousins... waived jones get oden...
JustinTimeHeHe::but he is amazing, you really think they would do that? They as in the Kings
JustinTimeHeHe::I know Cousins has been a cancer to the team or atleast WAS
JustinTimeHeHe::Mets fan, how do I get into a fantasy league? Ive always wanted to try it out but i dont know how
Metsfan1534::I need an opinion from a rockets fan. In fantasy would you do a trade Chandler Parsons for Marcus Thornton. I get parsons and I give away thornton would you guys do it cause I know parson is playing well?
Metsfan1534::Thanks I think i'm going to do it
JustinTimeHeHe::B ut im not a rockets fan
hurricaneaaron::The problem with C-Par is inconsistency. Tonight, he had a pretty rough shooting night. If you can get a more consistent scorer right now, strike while Parsons is hot
JustinTimeHeHe::Yes bro Yes
JustinTimeHeHe::How about them Knicks-Spurs? Be honest guys, what you think?
jackp16::The Knicks will collapse as the season rolls along. They may barely back into the playoffs only to be swept in the first round.
Dawan208::Unfortunately the Knicks will win:(.
Dawan208::They have improved 100%  on their defensive !!!!!!!
JustinTimeHeHe::Its gonna be a close game and a good game, that im sure of. But the memphis knicks day after game I think will be somewhat of a blowout
wHiTeTiGeR586::hard to say but I would say Spurs gona put an end to the Knicks streak. THey still one of the best offensive/defensive team in the west
JustinTimeHeHe::Thanks
pistol111847::Quote from Kelvin Sampson: Jeremy Lin had a rough night shooting the ball, hitting just two of his ten attempts from the field, but after the game Kelvin Sampson praised Lin for the tough defense he provided on the other end of the floor. Lin came into the game ranked fourth in the NBA averaging 2.43 thefts per game and that number will go up after he collected three more steals Wednesday night.  “I thought Jeremy Lin especially was tough on defense tonight. Jeremy is tough; he doesn’t get enough credit for that. He sticks his nose in there and gets on the floor after loose balls and is always in good position and he moves the ball, too.”  Sampson also shared his thoughts on how he envisions Lin’s role expanding as the season goes on and how much confidence the entire Rockets’ coaching staff has in the 24-year-old’s abilities.  “As the season goes on, we’d like to get Jeremy more involved in pick-and-rolls. Teams jump on him and force him to his left hand a lot and Jeremy is not as effective going left as he is going right. But as individual development he’s got to continue to work on that left hand so we can play pick-and-roll with him to different sides of the floor.  “I didn’t think Jeremy took a bad shot all night. I liked every shot he attempted. I always look at him and give him a little fist bump and tell him, ‘Keep shooting, hoss – the next one will go in.’ I want him to have that confidence because I have that confidence in him.”
jackp16::"Linsanity" is dead in the water.
wHiTeTiGeR586::That's the right tone for Lin right now...hopefully his shooting confidence will come back.  His defense right now is on track.
pistol111847::Douglas as the starting point guard?? Get serious - he lost that job to Lin last year in NY. Douglas is a shooting guard,
Ismael0627::if they switch Douglas to the starting pg, the defense is gone
Phoenix Wright Says The Heat Gonna Win - No OBJECTION::lol.... edge.
JustinTimeHeHe::Knicks-Spurs tomorrow. Should be an excellent game, however they have a double header playing the grizzlies the next day and will probably lose that one
KU-19-88::While everyone argues about Lin.... I've had to tell Rocket fan friends of mine for the last year just how good Marcus Morris could be. Not only can he shoot lights out, he's tough as rocks and will give Houstan an edge (no offense but Asik, Lin, Harden and crew aren't the most intimidating starters in the league).
KU-19-88::I loved Asik off the bench here playing for the Bulls. Just don't know if a team can get to far with him. He's no Bynum, Noah, or Jefferson, but has his nights.
hurricaneaaron::Well, they need to develop Montiejunas. The two of them together would be enough to get by
hurricaneaaron::Marcus can be good, but he's inconsistent. I like his game better than P-squared, but he's not on Harden's level.  On another note, I am very pleasantly surprised with Asik. Everyone said he would suck, but he's played fairly well - a monster on the board, and he's been shooting better lately. Between Asik and Lin, Asik looks to be the better pick-up imo.
KU-19-88::He's got such a smooth shot. Are they playing him at the 3 or 4? I don't get Rockets game here in Chicago.
jeremyG1995::ya dude I was really surprised by how good of a shooter he's been this year
jeremyG1995::man if the Rockets get that one more max contract player that they have the cap space for, they will really light it up. I'm thinking maybe like a Lamarcus Aldridge-type player cause he would be a good fit
pistol111847::Judging a point guard by how many points he scores is ignorant and shows no basketball knowledge.
Public Gym Locker::He took ten shots. I don't care what position you play, four points off ten shots is bad.
JustinTimeHeHe::White, why do you say its racism? Just curious. Somebody said earlier Lin was blamiing racism for his poor play and I didnt know what the story was on that. Are people saying racist things to Lin or is it just expectations?
Ismael0627::Rajon Rando been like the only player still acknowledging Lin's breakout and wants to play against him again.
wHiTeTiGeR586::I've already post my response but I will do it again.    During Linsanity, all the critics ever talk about is about Lin's TO problem, even while they were winning games. Every sports article from ESPN to BR, etc. were in on it.  They claim Lin's a flash in a pan and his 25 games is too small of a sample size.  Yet you have someone like Harden who plays 2 good games and OMG he's an All-star already.  NObody's talking about his 5 TO's a game and how he cost 2-3 game losses after shooting bricks.  Just look it up, not one bad article on Harden after being called "a foundational player".  If that's not racism, I don't know what is????  HYPOCRISY and DOUBLE STANDARD AT ITS FINEST!!!  Oh yea about that air-ball by Lin, every obsessed haters reacted as if they have NEVER seen an "air-ball" in their entire life LOL!  And then you have Harden who took the final shot with 8 secs left.  Instead of getting a open look, he ran down the clock to 1 secs and forced a contested 3...yet nobody say a DAMN THING!!!  RACIST MUCH!!!    p.s. OOps I forgot Harden's black, my bad! :)
wHiTeTiGeR586::And to top it off, most obsessed Lin haters are using the same talking points to bash on Lin fans and they're outright racist at the same time.
Ismael0627::When Lin gets good at scoring, haters bash his turnovers(now Harden and Asik are the ones becoming Turnover prone)  When Lin gets good at assist and steals(even rebounding and blocks), haters bash his scoring(since Harden now the first option scoring 20 to 30 almost every 8 games)   There's something wrong with this picture.
Dawan208::Thank you !!!!
Ismael0627::Lin gets a contract of almost 30 million while Harden gets nearly 80 million(Hell, he's getting richer after getting the Thunder into the NBA finals)  Haters gonna hate
wHiTeTiGeR586::This is the truth about OBSESSED Lin haters:  They are racist...anything they say usually included a racist reference in them.  THat's their way of getting the LIn fans to respond and when they do, obsessed Lin haters call them all sorts of racist names.    How to exposed OBSESSED LIN HATERS:  THey will criticized LIN and praised others for the same thing.  TO's was a good example. :)
JustinTimeHeHe::Oh and i dont think there racist by the way...thats just stupid
JustinTimeHeHe::Dude is this all you talk about? Your just a big of troll as them lol
wHiTeTiGeR586::Im just pointing out the hypocrisy and double standard being used by obsessed Lin haters...which of course is something the haters will never admit :)
JustinTimeHeHe::Nice try but I like Lin.
wHiTeTiGeR586::Gee, never thought I would hear that from a obsessed Lin hater :)  That's all we ever want all along...how did you know?
JustinTimeHeHe::Your obviously worried about what they think so what I said before wasnt as stupid as you made it seem. 3 years from now nobody will even remember this guy and your look dumb just for bringing him up. You said that was dsumb but obviously you care what everyone thinks because its all YOU EVER TALK ABOUT
JustinTimeHeHe::Well Newsflash: You are obsessed with the "obsessed" Lin haters. Talk about basketball for once
wHiTeTiGeR586::the INCONVENIENT truth...something the OBSESSED Lin haters doesn't want to hear about :)
JustinTimeHeHe::Douglas lost his confidence when D'antoni started playing him at PG. Hes not a pg, hes a SG although hes short, he used to be pretty good. D'antoni has a way of ruining players...
pistol111847::So I guess TD is not a better point guard than Lin despite what some are saying?
pistol111847::They didn't have anyone else at the time - except Lin. When Toney failed Lin got in and the rest is history.
JustinTimeHeHe::They had Bibby but yeah like you said lol... Baron Davis was injured
karelp::It's just a slump.  -- Lin fans
jeremyG1995::ur a slump
miggs41::i'm dumb, insecure and need anger management classes.  -lin haters
hostdude99::Nice to see Toney Douglas have a good game.  He completely lost his confidence in NY when he was injured and thrust into the starting PG duties.  He's really a backup, but if he has his confidence back, can give Houston some good minutes.  He's a great guy so its good to see him start hitting those 3 pointers again.
jeremyG1995::he sure did play terrible to start off the season and missed almost all his shots, including some wide open layups
godsent224::houston just plays better when TD is in the game
godsent224::heat played 3 good teams this year and got smoked by 2 and getting smoked by another. smh
Dawan208::Miami wasted all their money on bosh, wade, and lebrone.  They are getting cooked!!!!!!!   LOL
Ismael0627::Well, tonight, I find the Clippers exposing more of the Heat's weakness after Houston almost won that game against them.
Dawan208::Just kidding.   They won a championship!!!!!
knickstape82::the heat is getting their $@% bust
miggs41::heat'll be fine.  they always are... eventually
Jimmy45795::Hate to say it but Lin is overated. He is overated because of these dum.b fanboys. Don't get me wrong hes not bad but some people are obseesd with him. Give it a break its the same thing as that Tebowmania crap. Linsanity is dead and will never happen again. Rate now just Fear the Beard
karelp::So far this year, he is bad.  Bet he'll stillbe an All-Star starter regardless how poorly he plays though.  The voting's a joke.
miggs41::he didn't make the voting system
pistol111847::Judging point guards by how many points they score is like judging defensive tackles by how many passes they intercept.
pistol111847::One games stats are not proof of anything. I remember a recent game where Lin was +23.
pistol111847::It's not a fact they are better with TD on the floor. He is better as a shooing guard than point guard.
pistol111847::You spell it "they're" genius. BTW you're theory is wrong.
AlxZa10::If you're going to be the grammar police, then at least have to good sense to be grammatically correct yourself. "BTW you're theory is wrong", the correct statement would have been "BTW your theory is wrong". You see "you're" is a short for for "you are", whereas "you" is the possessive form of you.  Again, if you're (see that?) going to be an $@%!$@% about grammar on the internet, then at least have the good sense to check your (see this?) own comments for stupid errors.
buimonster::Stats are facts not theories.
godsent224::yeah whatever.
godsent224::lin -4 td +7. there better when he's on the bench
Toto1080::wow houston may have overpaid for lin
jeremyG1995::whoever is in that picture may have overpaid on plastic surgery
Ismael0627::He doesn't even have Harden's contract though. =p
Dawan208::Thank you!!!!!!
pistol111847::If Lin sucks so much and he ran the offense all game and Houston won what does that say of his critics?
Ismael0627::When critics go harsh on Kobe at the time he CHANGED and help his teammates get better(Shut up. He DID just that for them to get into the triangle and win two championships), they all continue to compare Lebron with Michael Jordan. That's saying much about critics. Now Kobe has to face another problem, his bad start and Mike Brown.
godsent224::lin -4 TD +7. that tells me their better when lin sits
JustinTimeHeHe::I like Lin, the dude went to Harvard, how can you not like him? Its just that his fans are so obsessive and mean. They say the nastiest things to you when you speak on Lins poor play even though its true
wHiTeTiGeR586::YOU FORGOT TO SAY MOST OBSESSED LIN HATERS ARE SELECTIVE...THEY WILL CRITICIZED LIN AND PRAISED OTHERS FOR THE SAME THING.  THAT'S THE ABSOLUTE TRUTH ABOUT OBSESSED LIN HATERS :)  Oh by the way, most came off that way because they were responding to racism.  Stop sugar coating obsessed LIN haters..they're the most obnoxious and nastiest of them all.
pistol111847::Unfortunately I'm afraid a lot of the criticism is racist.
knickstape82::very true
miggs41::another thing haters don't understand because they're so stupid is that there's nothing wrong with being a lin fan because he's asian.  he's the only gd asian american in the nba.  are these haters that stupid to think that people can't back the ONE player that represents them.  because this country is divided by race and asian people are not the ones that did that.
Ismael0627::I'll be Linsanity if blacks are hating asian rappers like T-ara, Big Bang, 2ne1, PSY, etc. Jazz singers like Ailee, because they were all inspired by Black singers.
miggs41::not sure why minorities are hating on each other.  we all agree that there's race issues and that's how we vote but then we're at each other's throats otherwise?  makes no sense.
wHiTeTiGeR586::miggs it's not about being a Lin fan...it's more about obsessed Lin haters unfairly judging him as a player when 90% of the players in the league are worst...yet they get a pass.    That's called DOUBLE STANDARD and race plays a role in it.
wHiTeTiGeR586::Seriously, here's a recent event for you to think about:  Remember when Harden played all-star in his first 2 games and flop in the next 3 with low scoring and high turnovers?  Everybody say nothing of his bad performances. NOt one bad article on him.  THen you have Lin going on a 7 game winning streak, scoring 38 against the Laker and everybody say he's a flash in a pan? Or how  LIn got lucky against weak teams? Really?  ANd he did it with bench role players? RACIST MUCH?  Stop pretending obsessed Lin haters are not racist because they are deep down whether they admit it or not.
miggs41::the lin haters don't understand what lin represents to lin fans.  they just look at him in a basketball sense.  they have no sense of context.  they're just too thick skulled which makes little room for brains.
JustinTimeHeHe::Lol dude there all sports fans who critiscize him because hes just as popular as kobe yet isnt good at basketball. YOUR THE ONES OBSSESSED lol ever think of that? You guys just about breastfeed him for christ sakes, you come here just because of the haters
JustinTimeHeHe::You too Dawan, read my last comment please. It goes for all of you
JustinTimeHeHe::wow...ok I tryed. sry it made you mad bro
miggs41::too dumb.  illogical.  the fans are what keeps you haters coming back.  go see a shrink cuz you need help.  anger issues.
JustinTimeHeHe::MIggs, please read my last comment, its for you too
JustinTimeHeHe::Miggs dont you have manners? Stop calling me names, I was talking about everyone else who will forget who Lin even is because he isnt very good whatsoever. Whatever man im sry I pissed you off
miggs41::but you think lin fans care if he's not anything later?   only a dumb person would think that
JustinTimeHeHe::Thats not at all what I meant. Go ahead and act stupid if you want but you know its true because soon, people arent even gonna care about hating.
miggs41::justin, you're dumb.  ou think the haters are what makes jeremy lin popular?  it's the fans, $@%!$@%.
Dawan208::Dragic only got 12 points tonight .    Pheonix is so stupid they wasted their money!    "sounds familiar"!!!!!!!
JustinTimeHeHe::Elugpo-"What the haters don't get:  Hype or not, I and many others will support Lin forever...whether he plays well or not." Lmao thats funny, its been 9 months since Linsanity, wait 2 or 3 years down the road, people will look at you funny just for bringing up the irrelevant name  Jeremy Lin. You can hate how haters come here but really you should be grateful. Its when everyone forgets who Lin even is that should scare you.
elguapo195::I'm not concerned about what you or anyone else thinks.  I only know what I want to know.  Why should it scare me that no one remembers Lin.  I did not bad-mouth anyone.  If anyone is a joke it's you.  It boggles my mind why you would spend time on someone or something you dislike.  I don't like looking at or smelling crap so I flush the toilet.  What you're doing is smearing it all over your face.
wHiTeTiGeR586::speak for yourself...life is not as dull as you make it out to be lol:)
JustinTimeHeHe::Thats hurtful man, you should relax. You treat lin like hes your baby or something, get off the guys dick you disrespectful jerk, its just absketball.
wHiTeTiGeR586::Dude nobody wants to be around a guy who thinks as dull and boring as you..you should take that as a compliment :)
JustinTimeHeHe::Its the truth man. You should take these haters as a compliment
karelp::Lin is what reasonable people thought he would be...a below-average PG.
DaBeardedAsian::SOMEONE IN HOUSTON NEEDS TO CALL WASTE MANAGEMENT CAUSE THIS GARBAGE LIN NEEDS TO GO, STINKING UP THE WHOLE TEAM!!
jeremyG1995::he's their facilitator he's a big reason why they're above .500
wHiTeTiGeR586::WARNING :  Attention seeker still in the house :)
JustinTimeHeHe::Wow.... I was a huge Lin fan..now im not :(
xx3825::Imagine if Harden had help.
Dawan208::Wow  chalmers sucks as a point guard he has 6 points!!!!!!!
knickstape82::lol and they get no pass
knickstape82::to tell you the truth I didnt like Chalmers because when he was all gased up when they put Lin on lock last year...but they are good...you cant leave Chalmers open
pistol111847::You don't judge point guards by how much they score. Point guard doesn't mean they should score a lot of points(Duh). Just the opposite or else they would be the shooting guard (Get it?).
wHiTeTiGeR586::It was more like Chalmers/Cole BOTH COMBINED for 6 pts against Lin :)  Yet they get a pass as usual
knickstape82::I dont like Chalmers he is too cocky...but cant leave him open
elguapo195::What the haters don't get:  Hype or not, I and many others will support Lin forever...whether he plays well or not.
knickstape82::however when you support somebody doesnt mean you have to put down somebody
knickstape82::we know that...but when you talk basketball have to make sense
knickstape82::you got a point...its a two way street...thats why I say lets talk basketball...but alot of Lin fans dont want nobody to say anything negative about Lin
wHiTeTiGeR586::I think we both can agreed that most Lin haters do not make sense. They prefer to just bash without considering that bball is a team sport.
pistol111847::Houston is in every game and doing well for the youngest team in the league. It takes time to build teamwork  look at Miami and the Lakers. A lot of people are dumping on Lin because of his shooting but he's leading the team in assists and is 4th in the NBA in steals. I think his shooting will come back and this team is going to take off because everyone is improving.
UncleSamiAm23::youngest team in the league
knickstape82::Lin has to get his confidence back...its alot of pressure on him because of his contract and the hype...but if he settle in to his role houston can be a good team
Ismael0627::Yeah, it's only 8 games now. He still have time to get comfortable with the system and revive his explosive O.
Ismael0627::John Stockton been in the same boat decades ago and later became an All Star just for those two sweet underrated stats in Assist and Steals. Karl Malone can't win without his pick n roll guy. He said so on NBA TV.  Jazz chemistry was a nightmare to beat for Lakers in 98'
wHiTeTiGeR586::For a Black Lin fan, I have to say you have real common sense...unlike some of the obsessed haters that just pull stuff out of their a$$ :)
