ETY1019::Boy, Jeremy Lin would look great in a Knicks uniform right around now......just sayin'
setrue::Actually, Lin has not been allowed to play true pg.  He used as sg alot as Harden is ball dominate.  When Harden was out injured for one game, Lin played true pg and dropped 38pts on Spurs.
ttooom22::I would love to have lin right now, a quick pg is what we need.  Love felton but not very quick
ttooom22::He definately would, but he's not putting up huge numbers in Houston
savetheplanet10021::oooh whoas me,....as a knick fan and a jet fan, this has been a miserable year.it never fails... something would come along and ruin a good knick team. lets hope melo and chandler get healthy quickly and both ready for the playoffs.
NothingButHoopsHoopsHoops::great Knicks article on StraightHoops c.om yesterday
NothingButHoopsHoopsHoops::"The Knicks. A Love Story." lol
kapernick is squidward::Knicks won't win the title in june this year, that's ok though they already won the championship in november
Mets-Jets-Knicks19::This blows....another season down the toilet
flybye23::a knicks fan and a Jets fan.  really sucks to be you !!!!
ttooom22::thanks for not mentioning mets!  and the season isn't over, don't live in the moment, lots of bball left
BravoManiac::i just wanna see Griffin make a shot farther than 2 feet. it would be a miracle
LA_dominates::I actually dont think he saw this game.
ltozzi81::you don't much clipper basketball do you...
be nice guise::$@%!$@%
be nice guise::fap
RiseAgain75::Started betting with a system called SportsBettingStar now for a couple of months.  I found this on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.  Since I started, Ive made around $3,000 a month just following it.
jtru001::This is turning out to be the most disappointing Knicks team in recent memory. Mainly due to all the hype at the begining of the year. Seems like they are playing with no heart, just lack energy all together.
ttooom22::It's injury man, they have had to make a lot of adjustments and are having a tough time changing their game plan night in and night out and during games.  Things were a lot easier when the knicks were healthy, need some good coaching to get the most out of these guys!!!
I have popcorn in my ears::They are old.
mcspinelli::Having fun with JR Smith yet? This game is why the Nuggets let him go. He is either red hot and nobody can stop him or he's ice cold and can't buy a bucket. The latter seems to happen when the pressure is on. He's perfect for New York: All flash, no substance.
DavidA11429::Knicks aren't done yet. We still have the playoffs.
smokingstogies305::Just the first round remember. You guys always lose in the first round.
ttooom22::HI HATERS.  LIVE IN THE PAST
YaImFromCleveland::Poor Knicks.. playing like a small market team (bad)
SBaller74::Where are all of you the knicks are better without Melo fools? Iso ball as you clowns call it dont look bad after all, after watching JR "Chuck Em Up" Smith and the gang who cant score against your local High School team for four games huh?
MMMMMMMeeeeeeLLLLLLLLLooooooooo::Me and the Knicks aren't done yet. Not lookin so good but there's bball to be played yet!!!
GodofAcid::Unfortunately I don't think they'll let Melo use crutches on the court.
Jmac4539::Clippers have no half court game most likely going to be a second round exit
scape228::Now everybody including many of you guys my fellow fans who I consider sometimes smarter than the media automatically include the Pacers in the conversation with contenders. I have a problem with that. Granger and George. Sorry doesn't ring the same bell as the other guys I mentioned. This team is like the Ewing Knicks if even. More like the Hardaway, Mourning Heat. Just a tough out. Nothing more. Do you people who keep mentioning them as dangerous not see it? Cause I've typed enough.
ttooom22::So funny how players leave for the Knicks and their old teams just keep crying.  The raggin never stops, I thought it was only supposed to be for a few days each month but it is all year long with these people!!!!! When my Mets got rid of Reyes, Beltran, I didn't go to their teams board and cuss them out and the team.  I got made at ownership and all I worry about is my mets team.  So funny how so many people worry about this knicks team and the players!!!!!!!
I am a follower::Nuggets are crying?  Sounded more like they were laughing last Wednesday.  Portland is shedding no tears after kicking Fat Boy Felton to the curb.
ttooom22::HI HATERS!!!
Ustna9::they do?
ttooom22::Their is definitely a chance for the Knicks to hold on to this, but the schedule is goin to be tough!    Knicks got a few games left on National TV and guess what, most of them are on the road, just like all year long! The national televised games are twice as hard to win on the road, between the sold out arena's to the favorable calls all games long by the Refs!!! Celtics have had a few national televised games this year but it's like they are all at home! Nets had a few too and they were almost all at home! Knicks had such a harder schedule then those 2 teams!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have popcorn in my ears::lol - blame the refs  Have you not watched the Knicks shoot bricks game in and game out?  Melo gets calls cuz he flops, but you aren't gonna get fouled shooting jump shots.    They have been smacked around by the western division on this road trip because the west has younger, faster, smarter teams, not cuz of the refs.  Just stop.
ttooom22::Talk to me when you actually watch the games.  You and your haters are to cute likin each others comments
scape228::I'm a long time Heat fan and Knick hater. But if my Heat lost Wade, Bosh, and James where would they be? If the Celtics aside from Rondo also lost Pierce and KG where would they be? Thunder (Durant and Westbrook), Clippers (Paul and Griffin) so forth and so on. Injured teams and players are always thrown under the bus by both fans and the media. When those guys get healthy they're going to win again. It's very simple.
ttooom22::Good to hear from a realist and someone who knows what they are talking about!  I'm a long time Knicks fan and don't like the Heat so much lmfao!  But we have great fans our 2 teams.  The bandwagon heat fans are a little much for me but the diehards, man we go back.  Great playoff series we used to have!  Would like to see some more in the near future!
ttooom22::Really have to worry about these Celtics, they are only a couple games back and have the experience to navogate to the top. They also have a very favorable schedule! Nets have a favorable schedule too and we obviously have to worry about them. Just got to take this day by day and get our guys healthy and hope they can get back to good health cause that really is the only chance we have. Bron and Wade had their injuries last year towards the end of last season but they weren't as bad obviously, but they got healthy and won it all. That's all we got to think about. What is good now is our role players are getting some huge mins which can only help as long as they stay healthy!
alex2454367::Kobe Bryant Career Per Game Stats: 25.5 points, 5.3 rebounds, 4.7 assists, 1.5 steals and 0.5 blocks on 45.4 percent shooting    LeBron James Career Per Game Stats: 27.6 points, 7.2 rebounds, 6.9 assists, 1.7 steals and 0.8 blocks on 48.4 percent shooting  STATS DONT LIE   #HEATNATION
Ontario925::The Knicks are screwed bad for at least another 4 years from now by another stupid Dolan trade contract move with the Nuggets. Nothing has changed with his stupid ownership since Isiah Thomas. Even Walsh cannot save the Knicks from the mess they are in the next 4 years. Once again for another decade idiot James Dolan messes up the Knicks chances at ECC success potential.
j hartmann91::Another game another a-pounding for the Bricks. What an epic road trip.
ttooom22::Really have to worry about these Celtics, they are only a couple games back and have the experience to navogate to the top.  They also have a very favorable schedule!  Nets have a favorable schedule too and we obviously have to worry about them.  Just got to take this day by day and get our guys healthy and hope they can get back to good health cause that really is the only chance we have.  Bron and Wade had their injuries last year towards the end of last season but they weren't as bad obviously, but they got healthy and won it all.  That's all we got to think about.  What is good now is our role players are getting some huge mins which can only help as long as they stay healthy!
Ontario925::Those guys are on a page level much higher than anything the Knicks have in the foreseeable future. Even the Pacers,Bulls, and Celtics have a more powerful Eastern Conference team than the Dolan Knicks now.
Ontario925::Hang on Knicks fans. I promise you we are going to win the Eastern Conference Championship in a few years -Knicks owner James Dolan 2010
ttooom22::Their is definitely a chance for the Knicks to hold on to this, but the schedule is goin to be tough!  Knicks got a few games left on National TV and guess what, most of them are on the road, just like all year long!  The national televised games are twice as hard to win on the road, between the sold out arena's to the favorable calls all games long by the Refs!!!  Celtics have had a few national televised games this year but it's like they are all at home!  Nets had a few too and they were almost all at home!  Knicks had such a harder schedule then those 2 teams!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ontario925::James Dolan still has Knicks fans brainwashed again by fools gold believing in his 5 year long great success plan since 2009. Reminds me of what he said when he first brought Marbury to them and the early Isiah Thomas days with them.
floyd1243::Houston got blown out by 30, I love it. Nets lost tonight, I love it. Knicks stay a game ahead with a winnable game on monday.   This thing is not over. Knicks can still end up with the second seed and a better chance to do something in the playoffs. Its not over yet.
Ontario925::Is that you again Knicks owner James Dolan?
setrue::Well done.
Rtnotes::Bedtime.  Goodnight all. Good luck in Utah.
Ontario925::Same to you.
ttooom22::Really having some bad luck this year with our players!  Tough enough losing your best player here and there and now longer but to lose your second best player and third, best defender, man we have some obstacles to manuvere!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ttooom22::People love to live in the past and not worry about their own team, they would rather worry about the knicks and the players who used to play for them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ontario925::Just who gets hot at Postseason time only matters. Right Brother?
Rtnotes::Thank you Ontario, I was not aware.
Ontario925::The Heat are on a bigger streak now.
Rtnotes::I live in the present, 11 wins in a row for Nuggets.  I will not reference any other team here to avoid controversy.
ttooom22::Yeaaaaa, live in the moment.  That's what you Den fans doooo
Ontario925::They have 6 more weeks left to get out of the stinken crappy funk they are in.
ttooom22::I tell ya, happier it happened now and not 6 weeks from now
ttooom22::JR really needs to stop shooting so much, he gets so much done when he drives to the hoop
ttooom22::Gotta get Novak goin at some point, he has only had 2 good games all year!!!
ttooom22::Melo lead his team to the WCF, just got to get him healthy to lead the NYK to teh ECF!
chocolate-bay4-3::I would say it was more chauncey that lead the way, not melo, not as good of a leader as chauncey
chocolate-bay4-3::Are you saying that Felton is fast?
ttooom22::That's why it's called a team game!!!!!! Melo lead the team, imagine if melo had a pg that was quick and moved the ball around the court quickly, never had one, chauncey was prolly the fastest he has had and he isn't that fast, well not when he was with him, to late in his career
chocolate-bay4-3::Melo couldn't even get the Nuggs out of the first round until chauncey got to denver.  I have no hate for melo at all, just saying without chauncey melo never would have got to the WCF.
ttooom22::Chauncey lead the pistons yes but Melo lead Den, you can't get by your hate hater
ttooom22::I wouldn't want to play in Den or Port either after hearing what some of their fans say
ttooom22::People who live in Dev and Port must be the most miserable around!!!  Sorry our players didn't want to play there!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rtnotes::It's ok, we accept the apology and have somehow moved past the heartbreak.  It wasn't easy but my therapist is excellent.
ttooom22::Where's all the crybaby haters, oh here they all are!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rtnotes::Those are tears of joy.
ttooom22::Ok mr. maxipad, you soak up the vag
Rtnotes::It's been said before but I feel it  must be repeated. Thank you NY for taking Melo off of our hands. With love, Denver Nuggets
Joey7478::You guys are not doing any better basically the trades cancelled each other out
Rtnotes::Hey bartender, id like to buy my friend Joey another beer.
marcos977::remember when knicks fans thought the overrated knicks were winning it all
Joey7478::lay off the crack no Knicks fan said that
ttooom22::If we get Melo and Chandler back, we will get back to dominating everyone like when they were healthy
Rtnotes::You are right, as long as those Felton for C Paul and Kenyon Martin for LeBron trades go through.
NCAA Bracket Guy 3.1::A good Knicks game now is losing by less than 10 points. They are getting bounced in the 1st round 100% guaranteed.
jack frrom the titanic::but that will happen if Melo plays
NoThanks2U_26::Knicks lose by 20+ points. Lose by 10-19 points without melo
The Original HmrHed::The entire conference except Miami should lose in the first round. What crap.
jack frrom the titanic::There is no parity in the NBA, especially with the superstar foul treatment goes with the refs
jack frrom the titanic::Any team that has a fast point guard will kill the Knicks, they have no one to stop that
The Original HmrHed::Can they salvage one?
I am a follower::West is tough...
jack frrom the titanic::I think Utah has young guys, so no
jack frrom the titanic::These old timers were meant for 10-15 minutes a game
The Original HmrHed::0-5 roadie. Ugh.
jack frrom the titanic::Maybe when Melo returns, he will average 30 points a game on 20 shots, avg 8 assists and 9 boards for the rest of the year
Elyemon::Just win i don't care how.
I am a follower::lol
jack frrom the titanic::and I thought I saw pigs flying outside my 31 floor apt window lol
jack frrom the titanic::If Riley did not do what he did (collusion via wade), Lebron would have been on the Knicks and Wade on the bulls and Bosh, whocares
Elyemon::In the 90's i wanted Jordan here the best EVER.!!!!
jack frrom the titanic::yep, him and Akeem stopped the Knicks from winning a title
I am a follower::Lebron never would have gone to the Knicks.  He's too smart.  And talented.
jack frrom the titanic::I wanna dream, I want lebron here, he is the complete player from end to end
floyd1243::Melo has to be Bernard like , shoot a lot but at a hi % (50) . I'm surprised Kidd has'nt been able to get Melo to  buy in to team ball.
ttooom22::Melo has been taking good shot selection this year and doing some good passing at finding the open man.  Shows how much bball you bums watch!
jack frrom the titanic::I am surprised too but I think that Melos head is so huge that if Kidd tried to talk to him, Melo would tell dolan to trade Kidd and get anther x nugget lachey of his
sportsreality::How did the Knicks get Kidd?  Didn't he commit to the Mavs and then left at the last minute because he didn't want to be the old guy coming off the Mavs bench and didn't he ask to be traded from the Nets and faked migraines so he wouldn't have to play.  Also, didn't he get Byron Scott and Avery Johnson fired.  His past isn't perfect either.  As a matter of fact, he's a lot like Carmelo.  He would probably try to get traded from the Knicks since they're losing too if he had any value.
jack frrom the titanic::he fits in with the Kbicks roster then
sportsreality::Kidd has a few of his own demons to deal with.  He has not always been the greatest team player either.  He faked injuries when he left the Nets and the Mavs.  So he's not the best role model either.  Wait and see.
I am a follower::He's never played team ball.  If Chauncey couldn't talk him into it, no one can.  He's just sticky.
jack frrom the titanic::Why is the question asked?  Will Melo be able to play with Amare?  When the heat signed Lebron, no one said...will Wade be able to play with Lebron......
ttooom22::Yes they did, they were talking about trading one of them all of the first year
Elyemon::When lebron ditch the knicks.
Ontario925::Lucky for the Knicks and Nets they play in a Conference with present powderpuffs like the Magic,Pistons,Cavaliers,and Bobcats so with those type of teams remaining on their schedule their chances of still making the Postseason this year are still good. Both the Knicks and Nets Postseason chances would already be dead now if each were in the Western Conference.
