dmbase::Poor Brandon Knight.  Guy is giving full effort with his team down by almost 20 and all he gets for it is ridiculed.  Knight is 8 inches shorter than Jordan is, and yet he still went up high to try to contest the shot.  Where's Greg Monroe?  Wasn't he supposed to be guarding Jordan?  If anyone deserves to get posterized there it's Monroe for being out of position and leaving his teammate out to dry.
p0sdnus@aol.com::My mom walked in on me watching this dunk, I had to quickly switch it to pornhub. It was nasty.
Judd7333::Let us not forget DJ is left-handed.  That' kinda power for an off hand is nucking futs
wolfe-pack35::It was a nice dunk, but i dont know if it was dunk of the year let alone greatest of all time. I still think D Wades dunk over Varajao was crazy.
I Drink Vino For Breakfast::That dunk is the reason why Dwight Howard don't want none of DeAndre.  We all know DeAndre had two highlight dunks on Dwight Howard's b.itch a.ss
laneclark13::That was a sick dunk.
PhillySportsFan7-ACCT2::If that was Wade Jordan tried it on, Jordan might be the one on the not top 10 and the "play of the year" would be a block, reverse of a dunk in a way..
greenbean47::does this make sense to anybody?
ThtRbtX::I think he's trying to say that Wade would have blocked Jordan's dunk. And Jordan would be on the not top 10 instead of the top 10 plays.  Obviously a Heat fan, Wade can still dunk but I doubt he could get up as high as Jordan did.
Tnayshuss::ESPN is doing a great job ruining the game I love.  They actually had a headline of Best Dunk Ever?  Please.  Don't insult my intelligence.
BJSaxMan93::You sound like you haven't even seen the dunk
GBE 300 . bang bang::it was a crazy dunk. deandre is crazy athletic, he has alot of potential. his problem his, he has no moves or IQ, he has bad freethrow shooting. he can be in a game and just disappear, thats just not acceptable for someone that has his size/athleticism
B0SSaL1Nie::Jordan should have pulled a Kemp and pointed at him...
kugutsumen81277::Welcome to the club Brandon.  --Mark Jackson and Alton Lister.
Steven037131::Brandon Knight made this dunk special. Take Knight out the picture then it's just a regular alley oop.
Daytona_600::genius
yin315::Jordan posterized Knight &gt; Griffin posterized Perkins.
DownloadFirefox::According to ESPN, the Lakers, Clippers and Heat are the only teams in the NBA
htnba2003::don't forget OKC, Boston, Chicago, and NY!  They tolerate San Antonio! Those are the only teams the NBA and ESPN care about.  Those teams have their big market stars.  San Antonio plays that no one player is greater than the team concept.  The NBA doesn't like that.  No real marketable players.  Since the late 80's, there has been only a handful of teams to win the championship; Boston, LA Lakers, Chicago, Miami, San Antonio, Dallas, Detroit and Houston.  Compare that same time frame to the NFL and you will notice that a number of NFL teams won a championship.  In this day and age, only 8 or so NBA teams have a shot at winning a title out of 30.
Tnayshuss::I thought it was the Lakers and Heat only.
Daytona_600::Spurs
Daytona_600::The last time I saw a dunk like that, I was watching the KING KONG movie
djforrestgump::I've been watching DeAndre Jordan all season I haven't seen anyone play and dunk with his intensity since Shawn Kemp when he was in his prime with the Sonics.
crondito::Vince Carter playing with intensity?  Now THAT is a joke
Yungdubz27::This comment has to be a joke right? Never heard of Vince Carter?
Daytona_600::They should remix this dunk with Street Fighter. OOoaahh Ooaaahhh Oooaahhh.........YOU WIN
Daytona_600::That was the type of dunk that if your girl was to see it, she'd probably cheat on you.
I Be Sam Sam I am::Poor Brandon Knight.  First, Kyrie Irving victimized him continuously during the all-star break, now this.
chrismgator::Anybody who plays enough basketball is going to get crossed and dunked on at some point.  Even the best of all time.  Is it still impressive and funny - sure it is.  But it is the clowns like you that live for this and the streetball crap that are a joke.  Soft hip hop chumps.
Daytona_600::did you just learn that phrase, soft hip hop chumps? its terrible, return it. I enjoyed the dunk, but I dont live for it, its just nice to see everyone in a while. Hard hits in the NFL, dancing in the endzone, trucked defenders, its all good man. Have to keep the sport entertaining, if not it'll be like BOXING, DEAD
chrismgator::Again, soft hip hop chumps.  Irving made 1 crossover and jump shot.  Only a big deal if all you care about is style rather than substance.
I Be Sam Sam I am::I'm sure Knight appreciates your continued attempts to minimize this.
chrismgator::WOW.  Insane dunk.  Much respect to B Knight for having the stones to try and challenge that play.   Most of today's soft hip hop chumps get out of the way.
I Be Sam Sam I am::Nah he gets no respect for that.  That was foolish.
Internet Tough Guy::Bigger highlight:  Jordan made the free throw!
xfilehead13::I'll be impressed when Jordan makes more than 50% of his free throws.  Considering his height, he ought to be able to dunk over Brandon Knight.  To stand over the sprawled Knight and preen like he'd done something makes him less of a player.
Daytona_600::nah, you cant take away from the dunk, next game bash him, but for today, let this one live yo
J1133B::The NBA needs to look at it the video of DeAndre Jordan dunking on me.  - Brandon "Snitch" Knight
ONLYRINGSMATTER::I wonder if Brandon Knight has asked the league to look at the replay of that dunk?  Snitches get Stitches
Jedi_Mind_Meld::Great dunk by Jordan, But not the best . when you are a center  Dunking on a PG in the NBA is relatively easy. Try D Wade's dunk on Jermain O'Neal
I Be Sam Sam I am::Um no, this was better.
heisenberg_3::I respect a defender taking on a challenge but I don’t want to live in a world where we can’t make fun of a guy who gets dunked on.
wvubrad09::If this is what is now considered extraordinary, no wonder the NBA is tanking.
Bizknuckle::It sounds, to me, like your eyesight might be tanking.  That was as powerful an in-game dunk as you'll ever see.   Ever.  Regardless of whether it was an oop, or if it was on a point guard...   that damn thing was chock-full of AUTHORITY.
Gornax::Best dunk in the history of the world! No one need ever dunk again now. All other dunks are automatic fails compared to this public execution.
tim tebows disciple::at least knight tried to block it unlike 98% of the rest of the players who would have otherwise ran off and pussed out
Tnayshuss::Big deal, Knight got dunked on.  At least he made an attempt to play defense.  Too bad the center for the Pistons was absent.
heat fan since moses parted the red sea::is ESPN going to televise the live Brandon Knight memorial service today?
3stacks7.0::If he had actually dunked on someone his size, it would be impressive....the fact that it was an oop takes some of the luster off too....
Daytona_600::nah bro, he got funked on, point blank, cant take away from it now, its viral, and the nation loves it, it will def be on sportsnation
GentleS78::It's what makes it funnier than heck!!  Next time Knight needs to stay out of the paint, maybe stay on the bench!!
Tnayshuss::Exactly.  A center dunks on a Point Guard, big deal.
winnumber101::Chris Smoove predicted the death of Brandon Knight
Ustna9::The FACT that this makes Laker fans bitter is the best part.
B-Baller2478::Every "home" game they play is in the Lakers arena. They have to see all of those banners every time they look up to catch one of those oops.
Ustna9::history=old news  Is your television still B&amp;W because those were the "good old days"?
winnumber101::but it doesn't
Ustna9::Find someone to read the posts below to you. It's obvious that you are illiterate.
skipbizzle::goofiest mean mug ever lol
tankarmystrong::D. Jordan should be able to claim Knight on his TAXES after that S#!+ !! lol
Party With SLUUTS::im more impressed that he swished the free throw tbh
PatriotsHeat::If defender didn't go up to try to make a play on the dunk, it doesn't look that good. If that is dunk of the year, that is not saying much. Would give it a 7 at best. Was one of those "throw-in" dunks.....don't care for those. Much ado about nothing.
LeadoffHomer53::throw in dunk? his hand touched the rim. heat fan just cant give credit to others. smh
will99099::Pistons let up 129 points.  Did they play with skates on?
mathw01::"That dunk wasn't that special, I'm only  6' 3""   -Brandon's ego
0702dave::"I gave Brandon a little taste of the family jewels." -jordan talking to reporters after game
EMU41::I can't even replicate this dunk on NBA 2K13.
My87thAcct::I think Dikembe's new Geico commercial went to Knight's head
spursdcmdva::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJPjeOR5IBI
starwheat::Brandon Knight is going to need therapy along with Derrick Rose!
iceweasel69::All is fair when you're in the lane. He got highlighted. Furiously highlighted.
0702dave::Brandon was succumbed to the pressure of his teamates to defend the rim, f u monroe u woulda nvr tried to block that. Drummomd woulda tho maybe singler on a good day
iceweasel69::All is fair when your in the lane. Common sense seems to apply here. Knight got highlighted! Furiously highlighted.
_Norris_Cole::Am I the Only one who felt sorry for Brandon Knight and entire Pistons Franchise?
mathw01::I read his parents are in the witness protection program.
iceweasel69::not all all....i felt it for him.
