Memphis Tenn::Go Grizzlies!!! GrizzNation stand up!!!
Karen Vu::It's way too early in the season, and neither one of these teams are playing at their highest level. Both are missing crucial pieces (Gasol, Redick, Barnes). The Clippers will get better as they gel -- especially on D they are still not very good on D. Memphis will get better as well -- nobody wants to play either of these teams in the playoffs. A Doc Rivers team is always scary in the postseason regardless of where they finish in the standings, and Memphis is so physical in a 7 game series.
Pete Beamer::In 7 hrs or so.......Clips will be 0-2 on this trip.
Wild Silverback::No they won't.
Morgan Dillon::Do they pick nationally televised games before the season starts? I would so much rather watch this one than the Nets and Knicks on national tv. Both teams coming out of NYC are a joke. The eastern conference as a whole is a joke. It is pathetic when you know in December who is going to the ECF. Anyways.... GO GRIZZ!!!
Graham Horobetz::Nets vs. Knicks should be moved to Comedy Central instead of TNT, those payrolls have given them a combined record of 8-26. People talk about the whole "rivalry" between them, it is nothing really. Maybe that's me being ignorant, but Brooklyn even before the injuries never seemed that threatening to me and the Knicks have been irrelevant for so long. Since they are large markets, they get the Nationally televised games despite being garbage.
Monte Jenkins::Griz fans complaining about refs is hilarious. Do you remember last years playoffs? Or even look at the stats for this game?
Lindsay Frischenmeyer::Go Grizz! Hope everyone in Memphis stays warm!
Dana Greer::Suck on that Jizzlies
Mike Wagener::I truly feel sorry for Grizzly fans.  Their front office SUCKS - they had a very good coach in Lionel Hollins and now look where they are. Yes, I know, Marc Gasol is injured, but this team seems to be in an emotional depressive state this season.  They played much better for Hollins.  Nice job Memphis F/O.
Greg Bosgraaf::Honestly Mike I'm not convinced that they made the wrong move in getting rid of Lionel. I was all for the move when it happened and I'm not going to condemn them with a game of speculation. His rotations were horrible and he drew up horrible set plays. I do think to his credit that he was probably a fantastic motivator though. I'm not sure that Dave is our guy, but I don't Lionel was either.
Mike Wagener::Greg, well, seeing as how you're a Grizzly fan, your assessment is better than mine.  I have alot of respect for the Grizz (Spurs fan here), I think Gasol and randolph have the potential to be beasts (i think thats where Hollins motivation came in).
Greg Bosgraaf::No doubt that he got those guys to play above their potential, especially defensively. There are some nights when I see a lack of energy and I am certain that that would never have happened under Lionel. I think Lionel was a good coach and that there are some teams in the League that could use him. I also think however that the Grizz had reached their potential under Hollins. Your Spurs exposed a lot of weaknesses in my boys last year, and I think his failure to adapt sold me on having to get rid of him (which I admit may be unjust on my part). BTW when are your Spurs going to let someone else have a turn at the SW division, haven't you guys had enough fun ;)
Graham Horobetz::Tony Allen has a hip contusion and is out for tonight's game. Memphis is outplaying LAC without Gasol, a rusty Randolph, and no Tony Allen, but the Clippers are getting favorable calls. Griffin flops and Koufos gets a tech, Paul pushes Conley out of bounds, simply a normal personal foul etc.
Angel Payano::Thats nice
Edwin Baez::thank you sir
Steve Rosset::No one whines like a grizzly fan
Graham Horobetz::Miller has not made the 3's we brought him in to do. Joeger has a tough job with rotations, but when scoring is as difficult as it is for us without Marc and Z-Bo being rusty, don't put in Calathes and Leur.
Steve Rosset::Any of you Grizzlies fan know if Quincy Pondexter is any relationship to Roscoe or Cliff Pondexer who played for Long Beach State in the 70's?
Graham Horobetz::Probably, he is from the Fresno, California area
Kevin D McCormack::Roscoe's son
Kevin D McCormack::That CSULB team gave UCLA and Bill Walton as good game.
Samit Jain::grizzlies will collapse this year and might finish with one of worst records.. they just dont have the talent
Graham Horobetz::It's like we just stopped playing defense, Tony Allen was needed for this game tonight.
Michael Maiorano::Chris Paul-8 seasons in the league and zero trips to the nba finals ouch babe!!
Lee Brantley::Kobe never did it by himself.
Danny Mac::From a Lakers fan. How cute.
Rocky Nenshati::i guarantee clippers make it to finals this year.
Samit Jain::grizzlies should refund tickets.. this is terrible
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::if grizz wnna win.. pls take this fat turd outta the game
Samit Jain::grizzlies are such a bad team..
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::offensively challenge
Chase Ennis::Hope Z-Bo can go. Go Grizzlies!!
Graham Horobetz::Clippers fans, what do you think of Doc Rivers? To me, he isn't that much of an improvement over Del Negro (if any improvement at all). VDN would have gotten so much of the blame for the Clippers loss against Memphis a week and a half ago. I think Rivers is overrated and when he was in Boston, Thibs was the reason the defense was so good, and he had great floor leaders like Garnett. Memphis has had a tumultuous start and is still 9-8 without Gasol. LAC is 12-7 and was hailed as potential WC champs. I know Reddick has been out, but still, I doubt this is the start you guys expected.
Angel Payano::U have to wait. Too soon to speak. Plus the difference comes in the playoffs
Greg Bosgraaf::Well that was a rough second half. The Grizzlies can complain all they want about injuries, but that complaining means nothing after 82 games and they tally up wins and losses. I don't expect the Grizz to tear through the standings with marc out, but I was hoping to see great effort and be in position to make a push for the playoffs once Marc gets back. Let's go Grizz act like you want to be there!
Greg Bosgraaf::I'll be honest, I kind of miss all of the trash-talking garbage that used to exist on these boards in the playoffs last year before they delegated these duties to Facebook. There is a nice sense of civility on here, but a bit more chaos could be used :)
Ikenna Nwaghanata::If I am Doc, I am still concerned about how I am going to get through the next 3 weeks with WIllie green and Jared Dudley as my starting wings. Lets be serious, this tandem is a bottom 5 2-3 starting combo in the entire NBA right now.
Hugo Villegas::free h2h matchup in nba fantasy tonight, if u win u win 5 bucks. New users join always free, here is the link -> https://www.draftday.com/go/hugo613 120 have joined from espn.
Angel Payano::Gotta ask cuz I couldn't watch the game. Are the grizzlies offense this bad or did the clippers actually put forward some effort and had a good defensive night
Greg Bosgraaf::A little from column A a little from column B.
Joey Maritato::the grizzles coach is awful he never plays the right people he plays the scrubs and not the talented players i mean quincy and leurer come on their not explosive
Graham Horobetz::the grizzlies coach, doesn't even know his name, didn't know Ed Davis was hurt with an ankle sprain and that's why he wasn't being played this half, c'mon dude, I don't act like I know stuff about your teams
Greg Bosgraaf::Graham Horobetz You beat me to it, if you can't even name who the head coach is you can't comment on the team.
