Gamham34::Knick won!!! WHATS NOW HATERS!!!
dabulls2012::I have a question for Knicks fans...I hear/see a LOT of Melo hate...what about Amare? Dude MISSED 18 shots last night and dished for ZERO assists AGAIN...that's the 4th time in just 7 games he's done that. Most people call Melo a "ball stopper" but he's leading the Knicks with 4.4 dimes while Amare is at 1.1 with 8 assists in 7 games including 4 in one game. Just wondering...
Thong_Pounder::Melo is such a piece of $@%!. I wish that $@%!$@% played for my team.
KeepHatingOnMelo::Baron Davis and Iman Shumpert. Watch for this back court in April and May, if both are 100%. They will do damage in the playoffs for the Knicks.
dabulls2012::Don't you mean damage TO the Knicks? Just kidding...Shumpert has looked pretty good...I have ZERO confidence Davis is going to do much in a positive way for the Knicks.
KeepHatingOnMelo::Knicks are above .500, now the sky's the limit for this team.
dabulls2012::Maybe even catching the 76ers...
peezyfreshbaby57::Its sad when Knicks fans have to be excited about a win against the Bobcats!  So sad........
dabulls2012::And they did lose their last one against the same lowly Bobcats just last week...
Rmr0924::a win is a win, right?
chubby rain::Man, the Knicks stink, blow it up.
lob_angeles::What is so hard about playing/learning to play defense?  I don't get why players like Melo or Amare can't be decent to good at it.  Playing defense to me seems easier than trying to create your own shot.
dabulls2012::You just don't get paid as much to play D...look at these two prime examples...HORRENDOUS defenders their whole career yet max contracts for both...it just doesn't pay to defend...unless of course you actually want to win...
KeepHatingOnMelo::Amare and Chandler are doing their thing on the boards. Chandler is a major upgrade over 2010-2011's Knicks center Ronny Turiaf. Amar'e is not 100%, he still looks stiff, especially on his drives. Amar'e still needs a few more weeks to get to Carmelo's level.
ambelgra::I dont kno what Amare has been doing all year, on both ends of the court. horrible shot selection, poor field goal %, and just lets dudes run by him to the rim. i was hoping that with Chandler on the court, Amare could at least get backside blocks and be decent guarding the lesser bigs on certain teams. But it's apparent Amare is even trying. smh
nysportsrules::Melo is playing better D', it's Amare who looks not in tune with the flow. Knicks have improved a ton over last year on the defensive end.
_misterfurious::I've only seen two Knicks games so far, but I have a question - why does Amare take so many jumpers? I mean seriously - is he injured?  Because last time I checked, he is the most athletic PF in the league not named Blake Griffin - take the ball to the HOLE Amare.
nysportsrules::Last 3 games he is taking it to the basket alot more. and rebounding. But still needs to pick it up on the D'.
D-Nice 2.0::the point is that we played good defense yesterday... but it's just one game against a sub-standard team that dropped 118 on us the last time...    our big test will be in the coming weeks, when we face OKC, Orlando, Miami, &amp; Denver... if we want to be considered an elite team, we have to @ least beat 3 of them... with defense...
nysportsrules::Last 3 games Knicks have played good D' ( 87.6pts a game). First 6 ( 99.7pts a game). Defensive flow looks so much better.
BustaRhymesYo::Shump is the key
ohio herd::Knicks are much improved in defense. Mike can't help it when his two superstars missed most of their shots last night. Chandler is a huge upgrade. Once the offense gels the defense will be alright IMO.
Ball-aholic::Defense is the key and Dantoni refuses to demand it. He's out of a job soon.
NYFranc::dantoni to lose or give up his job coaching the knicks, that would be sweet. but, i won't hold my breath for that anytime soon.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Fouls:  Bobcats - 24, Knicks - 22. Yeah, the refs really blew this one, right?  Stop whining. Melo had 2-3 offensive fouls. Do you want the Bobcats to get FT attempts for those too?
nysportsrules::Refs did make some bad calls on both ends.
BustaRhymesYo::Great Post!
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::i my self dont to much like the nba ...to many trades of good players ...watch shumpert will be traded just like all the others
NBASantas::Man, the Knicks really AVENGED their loss to the Bobcats. They made the Bobcats look MORTAL. Looks like the Bobcats ought to try their luck again on a THORsday. http://nbasantas.blogspot.com/2012/01/santa-needs-thor.html
nysportsrules::Yo Santa some teams match up well with other teams, so chill. A win is a win. Top teams win the ugly ones. Knicks won on a blow out and a close one ( Detroit and Bobcats).
Baron Harkonnen::Your team's stars shot 13-for-43 .... no, you're not in Dallas any more, Chandler.
Thetimpanikid16::yet*
Thetimpanikid16::and yeah they still scored 20 or more points? what's your point??
rsause74::Its a victory and thats kudos to the defense cause stars cant do it everynight and besides i like seeing wins like this. It shows we are gelling as a team not just big 3
FRANKX30IX::STAT please no 3's ur strength is from the key &amp; below
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Amare needs a real big-man coach ASAP. I have not seen him post up anyone this year. He can;t eat off of his speed and explosiveness much longer.
McNabbOWNzthaNFC::He needs to get deep in the block. He tried to play too much on the perimeter and that simple is not his game.
Dave34613::Post-up moves aren't cool, they aren't on ESPN top plays. Those died with McHale!
Thetimpanikid16::he's really not that quick. It's his strength that he should be using more. His ability to face his big men and basically will his way to the basket is what makes him great. He also has a pretty good mid range jumper. But he's stronger than most pf in the NBA so he will eat of his explosiveness and strength all season...
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::so that's reason to not have ANY post game? hmm, maybe if he had an inside game he wouldnt take so many horrible shots and be able to extend the life of his knees and back. Antoni is party to blame, but dude's gotta make adjustments on his own.
Dave34613::Guys who come out of high school don't post up...They just dunk! and then when they get to the NBA and realized they can't dunk on everyone because they aren't playing against 6 foot kids who are playing high school basketball for fun they shoot from the outside....a la Kevin Garnett!
Knickerbockers.MTA::I think it's safe to say that TD is going to be a role player from here on out... Especially when BD comes back. Iman has to be the front runner for ROY if he's able to stay healthy all season.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Phoney Douglas is a hack of an NBA guard...as is Antoni as coach.  Shumpert was devouring Walker and Augustin on defense all night.
nysportsrules::Douglas is not a point guard, He's a 2 guard of the bench.
RickyBobby84::You are right on about Shump for ROY.  The reason he isn't in the convo early on is becuase he missed those games.  After a couple of weeks people will see that this kid was the steal of the draft.
rsause74::I agree with you all the way Knickerbockers.MTA. He brings more intangibles than the other rooks
Dave34613::Free throws 40 to 15, Yikes....Amare missed 87 shots within 6 feet of the rim....20 Million for that? And the vaunted Knicks D stops the powerhouse also known as the Charlotte Bobcats
rsause74::The knicks took it to the hole last night and thats why they got the calls. They finally didnt depend on the 3 and only attempted 10 made 1 and still pulled it out. I think we can be a good half court team as well as running. I love defensive effort so i can deal with mistakes if we show play hard cause like Shump said good things happen. WOW im taking quotes from the rook. LOL
jbo101::watched the game and the knicks definitely did NOT deserve 40fts...they were in the penalty like 5min into the 4th qtr...guess they needed that "6th" man to insure the win
Thetimpanikid16::you have no idea what you're talking about. Learn the game before you decide to talk...
nba is the worst::Same here - the 1st quarter set the tone, ridiculous ref help never stopped
Knickerbockers.MTA::Thanks, we know we played a great game.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::try watching the game instead of reading the box score. the FT disparity is not what decided the game. Diaw was launching from outside all night.
nba is the worst::Tough, gutsy 4-pt win, with a mere +25 ft margin - awesome!
dysraw1::the sixers are the real test for these knicks, believe me after wed. we will know where we are at.
AC1583::the real key players in the game were Amar'e and Chandler, carmelo did nothing at all.
Thetimpanikid16::yeah the glue to this team is Shump and Chandler. The Knicks need to take this season to build a bench....Douglas along with some scrub for a solid bench player is exactly what the Knicks need
Dave34613::No, sometimes he goes 4-17 like last week. LOL!
Dave34613::No, sometimes he goes 4-17 like last week! LOL
RickyBobby84::Dave, everyone has a bad game here and there.  You acting like Amare goes 7-25 often.
Dave34613::Amare was like 7 for 25?????????????????????
RickyBobby84::Melo always comes through late but this game was really Shump and Chandler's.
rsause74::He did nothing but score like the last 9 points for us, but who pays attention to stuff like that.
nba is the worst::Man, these ref job wins sure get old.  Diaw 19/10/7 and zero fta's. Entire Bcats starters given just 3 fta's. Home team starters 38. Unreal!  40-15 fta margin for the Knicks who "somehow" managed to "avenge their loss" by 4 pts...
RickyBobby84::Blaming the Ref's isn't cliche?
Kimsky1::Amar'e took more shots than the entire Bobcats front line. The Bobcats took twice as many threes as the Knicks. Jump shooting teams take fewer foul shots. Teams that play in the paint take more.
Thetimpanikid16::actually it does....you take more jump shots and 3's instead of attacking the basket and going up strong, you'll never get the foul call unless it's obviously a foul. Anyone who's played the game knows that...
nba is the worst::Sure, fall back on the standard BS cliche's.  Anyone who has actually PLAYED THE GAME knows that teams play D the same as they're being defended. When it's not called the same on both ends, this is the result.  Sure, the Bcats took more jump shots, but that in NO WAY accounts for 38-3 discrepancy between the starting units.
aburks181::kemba needs to start for the bobcats.. if he played 35 minutes he would score about 30 points
Merriweather Brown::Bench Scoring - 3 points.
Marcos4486::Barkley said it best on the daily show there must be something in the water to make knick fans think their team is the best
BustaRhymesYo::I dont give a flying f  u  c  k what he says.
chubby rain::Because he's right, the truth hurts huh?
DAnnyPrImetIme15::Melo can't carry your team. Fact.
rsause74::No one can carry a team by themselves, hell Bron couldnt do it with Wade and Wade could only do it with Shaq.
J-SMOOVE2015::Knicks only have beaten 1 decent team.
rsause74::Yeah like when we didnt have Amare or Billups last year in playoffs. Yeah thats what he means
Dave34613::You mean the Celtics missing Paul Pierce when the refs decided NY needed to win the game?
Bubba.Winders::10 games into the season, right?
formaggio jones::Dantinonio stinks....no defense....no ball movement on offense....just like old times that I want to forget
s.molla1993::Glad to see Tyson being the top performer: 20 Pts &amp;1 Ast, Offensively and 3 Stl and 3 Blks, Defensively and don't forget 13 Rebs. Big Game, Big Win for Chandler and the Knicks, especially losing to the Bobcats earlier, which also caused rumors about D' Antioni being coach. Lets go Knicks !!!!!
I am Dirk Nowitzki::Good game for Chandler but I would still rather have Dwight Howard then Chandler any day of the week
rsause74::Howards team is just a playoff team and quite a few players can say "im in the playoffs" so whats your point?
CoDeeNYC::I'm going to be happy with the core we have.  Howard is a phantom. A mirage. Your muse even. He's good but It's a waste of energy gushing over a player that's not coming here. Besides, Dwight Howard has yet to take his team to a NBA Championship. Chandler has. Everything that glitters, is not always gold.
whatsdoing::I like everything about your comment except...  Chandler didn't exactly "take" the mavs to the championship...  important player and maybe a more important locker room presence to be sure but that wasn't "his" team like orlando is howard's team.
wasted_101::DUH WHO WOULDNT. NOT EVERYBODY CAN HAVE HIM THOUGH
formaggio jones::Has Carmelo and Amare stopped chucking yet?
rsause74::How is 18 shot attempts chucking? He has to shoot the ball to keep defense honest. If he make them its a different story. This is how Melo became the scorer he is. The man also passes and rebounds better than alot of small forwards
dash2k4::"There's going to be definitely nights where we've got to lean on our defense, but I think once we start clicking we'll be in the upper 100s and these games will be blowouts," Chandler said.  The bright lights of MSG have blinded him.
CoDeeNYC::He believes the coach will start letting him shoot threes soon.
CoDeeNYC::Still our defense can turn Boris Diaw into Larry Bird. Too many scrubs get their CAREER highs on us. Gotta' break that habit if we plan on going anywhere this season.
wasted_101::CAUSE AMARE CANT PLAY D
CoDeeNYC::Still that's my dude. I hope he get's better on defense.
CoDeeNYC::Not going to get a whole lot of arguing there. Really needs to get prescription goggles if you asked me. Sometimes it's like he just can't see.
Daniela South Beach::Boris Diaw &gt; Larry Bird  Now, would you like a hit of my crack pipe? :-)
CoDeeNYC::LOL. It feels like I'm on something, watching this guy shoot the lights out.
bmosheman::My computer is telling me that the knicks won.  Should I log a trouble ticket with IT?
WilmersDorferSaints::The Bobcats can NEVER finish smfh.  This team could have at least 5 wins at this point; they have heart, but need better execution down the stretch!!
u neeD a MURAcle::Finish what? They never led after the first quarter I dont think...
jcooks1@yahoo.com::Heat Fans: Your big 3 has just as much to prove as The Knicks do..  Both haven't won JACK.. So keep LeBrick, Chris $@%!$ and Defag in Miami and do us a favor... Leave your mouths and your words there too
fortwintee1::Knicks suck!!!....Lakers fan
JetsYanksPSU::Wades a boss hes got a ring. Lebron James is a scrub.
CanesFinsHeat12::lololol, the post of the night.
dash2k4::Wade won a ring already. LeBron has been to the Finals. What has Melo and Amare got? Er...
whatsdoing::WOW!!!!! that is fantastic...   but THIS heat team hasn't won anything yet... on that regard they and the Knicks are in the same boat.  I dont think they had a "thanks for the participation trophy" parade in miami after they lost... or did I miss it?
Daniela South Beach::they won the Eastern Conference ... you actually get a banner and trophy for that, you know.
Daniela South Beach::Reading comprehension skills aren't your strong suit, huh?
jcooks1@yahoo.com::OK Rex Ryan.. I didn't realize teams celebrate losing the title..  LOL...
HeatAllDa::lmao how many times the sicks have to SURVIVE?
2524thomas::And LeBrick has how many tittles??
wasted_101::KNICKS DEFENSE LOOKS ALOT BETTER WITH SHUMP AT THE 1.
NyKnicksFan03::I don't care what you trolls say.  The Knicks will be a far more established team in a month from now, and  very dangerous.  I'll take 5-4.  This team hasn't even started to gel yet.  When they do, it's a Wrap!!!!!!!!
Daniela South Beach::From what I've seen of the Knicks, their guard play is subpar and their defense is pourous (even with the addition of Chandler) ... I'll be at the Sixers game, which should be a challenge for them. I want to see how they react.
wildcatman78::Was anyone unfortunate enough to watch the NChamp game tonight?
fortwintee1::Nice BIG reference....lmaoooo
wildcatman78::how you been doin?
Daniela South Beach::In mansions and benzs. Giving ends to my friends and it feels stupendous!
wildcatman78::kind of, watched a little of the first quarter. got bored so i switched and then didn't comeback until midway through the 4th
Daniela South Beach::Did you snore through the BCS championship game?
NyKnicksFan03::Tony D is still recovering from that Shoulder surgery looks like.  He's going to need time, but Tony D will be a player coming off the Bench.  But someone else has to help out from the Bench, totally agree.   Where the hell is Jefferies?
CoDeeNYC::Think Fields is still looking shaky. Hope that Kid gets his mojo back. Tomorrow.  Douglas never really had any at the PG. He's just a score not a facilitator. Shump is a well rounded combo. Loving his game at the point. He's going to be big for us going forward. Lastly, this bench needs help. 3 points is not going to cut it against an elite team. We barely beat these bums tonight.
NyKnicksFan03::What the hell, the Game was at the Garden again?  lol
Legend12395::STAT is looking out of rhythm. He and Chandler are getting in each others way. Amare shuold not be shooting 3's
Daniela South Beach::Rick Ross
VickTheGlitch::How easy has the Knicks schedule been so far?
CoDeeNYC::Yeah. Very easy.  Lucky for us. There's a lot we still need to work on.
NyKnicksFan03::These are Exhibition games, remember they had no training camp or ex games to gel and practice.  This is all on the run.  Give them some time.
Thetimpanikid16::eh I think they've got you here. There really isn't any excuse...of course I've believed that Toney Douglas was the problem all along and he proved to be the problem yet again tonight. Mike Bibby had 0 anything tonight and was still more productive lol But c'mon....the Bulls, Heat, OKC, Atlanta and Denver all have winning records...and so do the Knicks. So...while there's no excuse, I would say the Knicks finally figured out what works and what doesn't although I still don't see why Douglas still plays...
NyKnicksFan03::dude, have you seen the playoff teams from last year play this season?  They are struggling as well.
jondoe2008::no time.  every team on the league was "all on the run"...no excuse for these knicks
Joeschmo loves Heat::They are not exhibition games. They are regulation games and count fully as regular games. Funny how the actual good teams haven't needed time to adjust.
Joeschmo loves Heat::Not easy enough to give them the same illusion that they are playoff-worthy that they got last year.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::VERY
Joeschmo loves Heat::Another close call against a bad team.
jondoe2008::melo going 6-18 and stoudamire 7-25 wont help against good quality teams.  This knicks have to get good on their shooting.  luckily shumpert didnt go 4-13
stone419::u mean another clutch performance by melo
jcooks1@yahoo.com::C'mon man...  The Heat crumbled under pressure and you're calling out the Knicks...  They look a lil shaky granted, but no worse than the Heat starting 9-8 last season...   Give em a chance
Thetimpanikid16::did you forget the Hawks near loss to the Nets tonight? or how about NO beating Denver by 13? Care to explain that?
Joeschmo loves Heat::No I mean another near-loss. Did you forget how you nearly lost to a winless Washington Wizards? Your team is a joke.
NyKnicksFan03::How did Shumpert Look today?
NyKnicksFan03::That Kid is looking like the Real Deal.. I love his explosiveness.  I hope he stays healthy.  I think we found a Gem.
jcooks1@yahoo.com::No doubt. Looks like a great pick thus far..   Great skill and athleticism..
Krash0882::like ROY 16pts 6reb 4 ast 3 steals beast
CoDeeNYC::He's not built that way MENTALLY but he seems to have some physical things, that may not be a problem,  but they sort of raise my eyebrows.   Never seen a young player cramp up as much as he does.  Especially, a kid, who appears to be, in such excellent physical condition. Not putting too much concern into it. The 'rook plays very hard and I'm sure his body needs to get use to this NBA pace.
Thetimpanikid16::he's quicker and stronger and a better defender and scorer....he's not going anywhere but up
jondoe2008::lets hope his performance doesnt dissappear like landry fields.  lol
denny62651::7 for 13, 16 points, 6 boards, 4 assists. As always a strong and efficient performance.
NasEsc0::Real Good.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::YOU CAN ALSO TRY, NBALIVEONLINE . COM, TO WATCH ONLINE
denny62651::25 shots for Stat and 18 for Melo?  Are you kidding me?
Daniela South Beach::ATTENTION Knicks fans:  I'm going to the Knicks-Sixers game on Wednesday, and I wanted to know what's a good place near the Garden to go for post-game drinks. Please help!
wildcatman78::gotta watch out for those Europeans...........
Daniela South Beach::LOL, I'm staying in a hotel with many europeans ... they have the cheesiest pickup lines and ice-breakers.
NyKnicksFan03::17.50 for a coors light?  lmaoooooooo
denny62651::Always go the bottled stuff, just watch as they take off the cap.
jcooks1@yahoo.com::The beer in Penn Station is reasonably priced.. I think Coors Light 16oz cans are like $17.50 each..
NyKnicksFan03::lol, Yeah, it's expensive out there.  But there are a lot of bars all around the Garden Area.. Just Bar hop until you find your type of crowd and atmosphere.
Daniela South Beach::My crowd for post-game drinks would be sports dudes who aren't douchey, won't ask me for my number (if I'm interested I ask), and who aren't from Europe (ewwww).  Denny, I have a general rule never to accept drinks from men ... roofies or individuals trying to purchase your attention.
denny62651::She's probably a pretty girl and won't have to buy drinks.
denny62651::I haven't been to the Garden in a while but there was an Irish bar on 31St across the street heading east on the right hand side. There's a wooden front, good food, a variety of beer and a ton of Knick fans. Enjoy.
CoDeeNYC::That's Ok. You can still get pretty drunk at The Blarney Stone if you wind up on 33rd then. LOL
denny62651::The Blarney Stone is on 33rd.
denny62651::No problem, and its not a Blarney Stone.
CoDeeNYC::LOL The Blarney Stone. Gotten drunk enough time there to know.
Daniela South Beach::Thanks for the recommendation!
NyKnicksFan03::Go to a Deli, the beers are more afordable.. lol
Daniela South Beach::LOL, I know ... I spent like 200 dollars yesterday in the meatpacking on lunch and some cocktails
Daniela South Beach::The BCS title game is so boring, I tuned into an Obama speech to get fired up.
2524thomas::Are you sure you weren't trying to make yourself throw up??
