Jody George Prats::The Lakers should pay Kobe an extra 5 million to just stay away.
Rob Horton::LOL... I don't care either way but LOL again.
Rob Horton::Kurtis Harrison Point is he could just retire... be done.
Leland Wong::Stephen A. Smith is right, the Lakers may not even make it to the playoffs and they may be worse with Kobe, he is a ball hog and not a team player.
David Andaya Palafox::Another troll that doesn't know crap about basketball. If you listen to Steven A. Dmith about basketball, you shouldn't be on here talking crap.
David Seleno::They WILL make it to the playoffs, and then we will be seeing highlights of Russell Westbrook dunking on Kobe Bryant and crossing him over 2-3 times a game until Kobe suddenly pulls his hamstring and refuses to return to the game until Westbrook leaves him alone.
John Reyes::And your source of reference is Stephen A. Smith you are a Genius
Jody George Prats::Lakers shooting 62% without Kobe in the lineup? Well there's a shocker! (kidding of course)
Corey Sharer::you trolling of course
Eboni Clay::Lol this dude hate kobe with everything in him
Wm Salyers::I'm a die hard Lakers fan, but it is time for the Lakers to say, "Good bye, Kobe." he is a detriment to the team.
Chris Paisley::He brings in a ton of revenue in an otherwise faceless franchise which allows the Lakers to have ridiculous TV deals worth half a billion dollars, which in turn lets them spend money well over the salary cap and pay the luxury taxes on them.  How is he a detriment again?
Renee Pantoja::Chris, have you read the new CBA? Not even the Buss family has the money to go way over the cap any more. If they are over again this year they will get dingged with the addition repeater offence tax. You might want to check it out. http://www.sbnation.com/2013/11/21/5126774/nba-luxury-tax-2013-repeater-chicago-bulls. Let's use Youngs player option for next year which is 1.2 mil. if the laker payrole is around what it is now, which it won't be, the combinde taxes  would cost the Laker's $6.25 for every dollar they pay Young so the 1.2 went up to around 6.4 mil...I'll give you another number just in case your computer doesn't have Google. The Nets payroll this year is 102.2 mil the cap is going to be less net year but we'll use this years cap. With all the taxes and penalties they have to pay a total of 219.8 mil. in taxes and payroll. If you don't have a calculator that over doubles their payrole. Little Jimmy is pretty stupid, but not that stupid.
Craig Keller::Chris Paisley okay there are alot of people with money that don't have a clue but Lakers are better at the present without Kobe and it's been that way for 3 years and father time will take care of the rest, he should retire for the good of the team!
Leland Wong::The Lakers play worse with that Iso-Kobe stuff. Too much dribbling and no passing.
Aj Iceberg::Your crazy, he lead them in assist. Assist means passing the ball. Does your brain not work or something?
David Vickery::Aj Iceberg He also dished out an outstanding number of turnovers because every possession was a bad jump shot or a 50/50 pass with him distributing. Having the most assists doesn't mean you're actually making the best passes, and Kobe also does not like being the first or second paser in a multi pass set play.
Mike Plummer::Kobe's out and the Lakers are winning. Lots of fanboys are beside themselves.
Matt Ubben::You mean the trolls are beside themselves. First, haha the lakers lost kobe again they suck. now oh they better without kobe. lol. they not real ball fans.
Joe Coburn::Before the Kobe injury, I would have said Wolves win. Now, without kobe, the whole Lakers team will be invigorated and focused on proving themselves. Now before you Lakers fans go on some rant let me explain myself. Will the Lakers be a better team overall without Kobe? No way, a Kobe Bryant led Laker team ONCE they gel is far better than an already gelled kobe-less Lakers team. I am only speaking in reference to this particular game.
David Andaya Palafox::Lakers point guards are all injured. Every single one. So, Kobe had to play the Point, which is not his natural position and you haters talk crap about him? He was playin SF in MDA offense and still trying to get back into shape and you guys still talk crap? You guys don't watch the games at all. Jodie Meeks, Nick You g, Xavier Henry, Wes Johnson, Pau, and Jordan Hill are playing 39 minutes per game and the higher PPG is 13.4. You guys are morons to think that this roster is better without their superstar! Pau got better when Kobe came back, only because Kobe forced Pau to go into the paint. This team could be better if they had a different coach. I hope try higher Lionel Hollins.
David Andaya Palafox::What do you mean Kurtis? Hollins hate LA or something? He needs a job bruh. Coaching the Lakers would only make him successful.
Renee Pantoja::Hey David when are you and Kobe getting married? Are you going to wear white? Good God I hate Kobe lovers more than I hate Kobe and the Lakers.
David Mersault::TWolves are just impossible to watch.  No heart, no teamwork, no F'in defense.  Had high hopes for this season but.... to paraphrase Jim Mora:  "Playoffs?  Are you kiddin' me?  Playoffs????"
Tony Hartmann::Unfortunately, I think you are right.
Bryan Cauthon::Is it just me or are the Lakes better without Kobe?  Seems like the ball moves better and team energy is better without him.
Joe Schnipke::I feel the same way.
Cj Vanginkel::its just you. they play free with out kobe they shoot when ever they want and do anything they want on the court. with kobe the need to fall in line and its going to take some time to work together.
Aj Iceberg::Just look at the comments, the haters changing their mind by the second. Making up different excuses. They Lakers suck now they don't have Kobe. Then, the Lakers are better without Kobe. Then they blame the wolves and so on and so on. It's really funny.
Pablo Young::GO TIMBERWOLVES
Andy P Kordyban::The refs can pick up their paychecks at the Lakers front office after the game.
Cj Vanginkel::25 ft for the wolfs compared to 15 for the lakers ok yep the refs gave this game to the lakers.
John Anhalt::It's funny.. I'm not sure the last time I saw FOUR out of bounds plays that were pretty obvious go the wrong way in one game. Sometimes you'll see one or two, but FOUR. And at least three of those were beyond obvious that they were Laker ball but were given to the wolves.   Think the refs did their part to keep the wolves in the game.
Steve Carroll::Kobe doesn't play, Lakers win....enough said. $48.5 million well spent....NOT
Chad Everett Dooley::i can think of 5 reasons... get it "5" reasons why you are wrong.  you're are foolish enough to think that 20 games into a season is definitive as opposed to15 years.  Sure bud, this year is truly the yardstick to measure ones worth with.  Go tell your friends haha I told you so, they are actually better without him and maybe, just maybe if they are in the 3rd grade they will still probably call you an idiot
Steve Carroll::Chad Everett Dooley- when are you going to stop living in the past, and his 5 rings. If he was more of a team player, who knows how many rings he would have had.
Chad Everett Dooley::Steve Carroll yeah totally man.  45% FGP, 5.5 APG, numerous All 1st team defence awards.  Finals wins and MVP's.  but, but but if he would have only done more.  "I would totally respect him"  sorry buddy, had this conversation too many times   8)
Wild Silverback::Big 4th quarter from Love and Minny,... t wolves win it by 8... The Lakers will choke.
Chris Burns::What a choke eh?
Owode H Caulcrick::you are silly...
Lee Barnes::Is it just me, or do the Lakers seem to play better..without Kobe?
Pablo Young::Ricky Rubio > Steve Nash
Jesse Hiatt::Nash now or in his prime? Cause Nash in his prime would dribble circles around Rubio... and I say that even though I don't like Nash.
Pablo Young::Jesse Hiatt, I'm just a troll
Pablo Young::Kurtis Harrison, Look at ur self
Jeffrey Reed::Go Wolves! :)
John Martin::Wake up Laker fans. Kobe Bryant wants to play on so as to pad his stats so that he will be recognized as an even greater player.  He also wants to get another ring and has the ego to think he can bring it about with this team. Bryant is all about Kobe all the time. The Laker managerment wants him to play so that they can make more money selling tickets and Kobe merchandise. The Lakers without Kobe are a faceless and boring team. The Hollywood celebrities would also stay away in droves. Putting together a decent, competitive team for the benefit of the fans is the farthest thing from managment's mind. If you are a real Laker fan support the team not Bryant.  .
Aj Iceberg::Worry about your own team, you wake up, we don't care what you have to say.
Aj Iceberg::Bryant is apart of said team. Dude grow up, oh never-mind...
Leland Wong::You are absolutely right John Martin, KoMe is the biggest nightmare for the Lakers.
Edmund Wight::The longer Kobe is out, the better the chance the Lakers have of making the playoffs. The team plays harder without Kobe. When Kobe is out, the team loses it's selfishness. Now you have all the players just trying to win the game instead of 4 players trying to win, and one player trying to be the GOAT. Go Lakers!!!
Mike Dixon::You got all that in 6 games?
Edmund Wight::Mike Dixon I got all that from Kobe's career. He is the most overrated, selfish player in the history of the NBA.
Mike Dixon::Of course he is pooky....feel better now?
Zach Bergland::It's funny what can happen when Gasol actually gets touches.  21, 13, 8 assists, 2 blocks...I remember 2 years ago Kobe missed a few games and Gasol went 20 20 two games in a row.
Chad Everett Dooley::no its funny what can happen when people manipulate stats to bolster their own biased opinion.  Because totally you're right bro.  "insert sarcasm".  Scottie Pippens numbers were amazing the year he took the Bulls to the playoffs while Jordan was out and not hogging up all of those stats..... go back to clown college.  Oh and again, all those games in the early 2000's that Kobe shined while Shaq was hurt and hoggging all those stats too..... go back to clown college.  And aside from that if you truly want to talk "touches" which you are insinuating Kobe is a hog.  Look up the stats for assists for players at his position, wow pretty selfish huh.  How dare Kobe ball hog while averaging more assists than most at that spot.
Chad Everett Dooley::and Gasol averages around 14 shots a game career wise.  But all of those touches that he has missed because of Kobes inability to share the rock has led him to a shot avg per game without Kobe on the floor..... is now...... wait for it...... wait for it.........14 shots a game.  Wait a minute on or off the court, Gasol is shooting just as much...... weird.  Ballhogging Bryant!!!
Travis Pavich::I am so sick of these refs and Stern. Kobe out again, which was caused by the refs and Stern. But it's all ok. We have the next Shaq in Sacre, the next Durant in Kelly, the next magic in Marshall. Guaranteed champions baby, 2014.  Typical faker fans.
Renee Pantoja::Man, I thought you were serious for a second. You sounded exactly like a Laker Fan except you didn't say 5 rings, 5 rings. Ha ha ha. I have to keep reminding them that 5 rings is good enough to be tied for 14th place along with 11 other guys that have 5 rings.
Jesse Hiatt::I laugh every time I see a Laker fan complaining about refs and Stern considering till Lebron joined the Heat, the Lakers were Stern's baby and he made sure they got everything handed to them. I'm not even going to dignify your Sacre/Kelly/Marshall comparison with a response cause that's just... a horrible thing to acknowledge lol
Travis Pavich::Jesse, just acting like a typical Faker fan. I hate the Lakers
Jason Benjamin Poag::Like I said now that kobes out again the lakers can get back to playing team ball.
Chad Everett Dooley::5 rings in 10 years.  please elaborate on this team ball that you speak of.  you referring to the days of success without Kobe because there isnt alot of room for that argument considering 5 rings..... 10 years in a decade....... 7 Finals appearances..... do the math, "OR" the team ball that you speak of that did so well for them in that time.   FYI Kobe ranks amongst the highest APG per players at his position.  Totally bro, screw him and his unwillingness to play "team ball".  what a jerk... put down the crack pipe Jason
Christopher Almeda::It is true that lakers playing better without kobe right now. But when it comes to when it counts the most you need kobe's skills for those moments which is why he is top 10 best ever. If you are a fan pf another team you wish that you had a superstar with kobe mentality.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::why the hell u shooting tough 3s for... its ok if ur open . making it harder for urself. if i was the coach of this team im gonna go crazy. go for the easy buckets and be patient
Shek Leone::love has a smaller man on him the whole on the pick and they refuse to see him
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::Shek Leone they havent gone to love more often in the 2nd half.. just 3s and 3s after 3s.. its sickening especially early in the shot clock
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::wolves not gonna win this game. biggest lead is 2
Ben Black::The Wolves are a team made of losers. Since Kevin Love is their leader, he's the biggest loser of them all
