luvnbayes::Key play of game:  50 seconds to go, Spurs down two.  Manu whips the ball to a wide open, hotter than hot Matt Bonner on the 3 point line, and Bonner....FUMBLES the pass.  Gives it to Neal, who forces up a bad shot, and Spurs were never a threat again.
kingyoshi2424::clips got luckyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy as hell
JoeClipplet::How?   All that S you were talking about before the game.... now we're just "lucky" ?  I know it feels bad... hurts even... but let it go.  - JC
Td4mvp3::Just disgusted..that is all
robdiaz2191::LOL THE CLIPPERS ARE STILL GARBAGE, SPURS WILL SWEEP THESE CLOWNS IN THE PLAYOFFS
muncieplumbers::the clips are much stronger than they were last year, and the spurs are still highly susceptible to injury problems due to the age of Duncan and Ginobli.  I respect the Spurs , especially the greatness of Duncan and Ginobili, but you need to accept the fact that they are nearing the end of their era....
robdiaz2191::i know man lol, and sadly i never got to see them win a title, i didnt start watching bball unti the 08-09 season lol
socialsatyr11::Best teams in Los Angeles:  The Los Angeles Clippres The Los Angeles Dodgers The Los Angeles Sparks Any local High School Team My Saturday morning open pick up teams  The Los Angeles Lakers..
Excelscior1::Lakers better watch out!!
Ustna5::Hopefully OKC will challenge us...
admins for espn are d.o.u.c.h.e bags::that shot that iced the game chris paul hit, was absolutely pathetic. first tony parker fouls him trying to play what the spurs attempt to call "defense", then he flops as a last act of desperation to save their puny team from another home loss. absolutely embarrassing to be a fan of this team after they way they have been playing the last few years. get ready for another disappointment in the playoffs this year folks. nothing to see here, just tim duncan and a bunch of scrubs.
mark35345::Will Parker get a "flop" warning for his weak attempt on Paul at the close of the game? Maybe he should be like Bledsoe and try to block the shot instead?
Mr. Bradford::Good game between Tim and Blake. Griffin might want to clean up that 0-4 from the line though (he's at a career .594%). .Just to put that into perspective, Shaq was a .527% from the line.
admins for espn are d.o.u.c.h.e bags::funny how good blake can handle a basketball for 6'10/251 especially on the fast break, yet acts like his hands are covered in peanut butter when he tries to shoot free throws.
coljetsfan::Plus forgot to mention the Clipper are also the 2nd highest scoring team in the West with OKC (101.5 to 101.7)
coljetsfan::The Clippers have the best bench in the NBA, them and the Knicks which is probably why they are sporting the best records in the conferences right now.  Memphis is not a sleeper, they can ball and will be there at the end but the Clippers have a better bench and they play pretty good defense (2nd in the West @ 92.6 per game, Knicks @ 90.00)
fallsoversteve::dude its been like 10 games. lol stf.u
coljetsfan::The Clippers are for real and I think right now it's a toss up between them and OKC for best team in the West and even with that said, I give the edge to the Clippers.  They play better defense than OKC.
fallsoversteve::grizz is playing better than okc right now. and SA is better than both okc and clipps. more like grizz and spurs
necks_itsk::I dont know about just them 2.. grizz, clippers, spurs, okc and lakers are playing good basketball.
JWayMac42::NBA best team so far early in season and IF they buy in defense they can win the ring this year.  Best team 1 thru 12 hands down.
handsomened::Take a deep breath and then a cold shower, then come back to this board dude
kingyoshi2424::no just no
nba is the worst::Clipps with another huge bench scoring game (42 pts).  Bledsoe/crawford could start for most teams
coljetsfan::Hey Spurs fans and Clipper's non believers.....do you believe now?
Damasta959::(spurs fan) i always thought they were going to be good.... so i don't really understand why you are asking if we believe now (false perception?)
coljetsfan::They'll be there
eightman2303::no...its november. listen to Chris Paul "we are only 10 games in"....... I will believe when they get in the playoffs and do this....but I understand that you are wearing your Chris Paul pajamas and are currently on google looking for all the cool lob city highlights. And, of course, none of those things matter now...show me what you got in may and june of 2013
coljetsfan::By the way, I don't wear pajamas (you can come over and see) and I don't need lob city highlights (I don't even know what that is so you must be watching) .  You don't have to hit me in the face with a skunk three times before I smell it.  This is a good team.
eightman2303::its a board about the spurs and clips game and you have the local crack dealers on here, after getting lit up, talking about kobe, shaq, D Howard and MJ......  Get a life or find another board........
EL P0LL0 L0C0 RISES::Biggest win in Clippers history. Parade scheduled for tonight.
HVHURRICANE252::EL TROLLO EVERYO BOARDO STRIKES AGAINO
nba is the worst::Man - bad luck for the Spurs at sf - time to get Blair minutes, apparently.  Good game for the Clippers.
WddNews.com::Jordan is more valuable to his team than Kobe..  I'm talking DeAndre Jordan!!!
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Good game for the Clippers and a much deserved win.  With that said, this is the 5th game in a row that Tim Duncan abused the "all-star" Blake Griffin.  Sad the way all-stars are determined.  What happened to players actually having to play defense?
necks_itsk::Spurs can have the PF battle, we rather get the "W"! Thank you very much
kezmicdust::Define "abused".   This game - Duncan narrowly wins: Duncan: 20 pts, 14 rebounds Griffin: 16 pts, 12 rebounds  Last game - Griffin destroyed Duncan: Duncan: 10 pts, 6 rebounds Griffin: 22 pts, 10 rebounds
TireBiterUSC::Duncan scored anytime he wanted to... 6 out of 16
lakers2013champsssz::dwight best center ever kobe best player ever = best duo ever
nba is the worst::lakers2013champsssz - dwight best center ever kobe best player ever = best duo ever -=-=- Dumbest post ever.  Well done!
TLF-TrueLakerFan::heell yeah, bro, shaq cant touch dwight, shaq wasnt even an all-star last year. plus, kobe averages 81 points and he has 16 rings  dwight and kobe &gt; everyone else ever
TLF-TrueLakerFan::hell no im pumped about the lakers winning 5 rings this year bro
lakers2013champsssz::u mad bro?
TLF-TrueLakerFan::wilt russell never even won a slam dunk contest, lol, and people have the nerve to say hes the best center of all time. lol, swight won a slam dunk contest and he has 16 rings, like the rest of the lakers  dwight  &gt; wilt russell  u mad, haters?
TLF-TrueLakerFan::dwight &gt; shaq  shaq wasnt even an all-star last year, lol, and dwwight has 16 rings, just like the rest of the lakers  eat it, haters lol
lakers2013champsssz::dwight = best center ever, best defender ever
lakers2013champsssz::even though you're being sarcastic you're 100% right
TLF-TrueLakerFan::hell yeah, thats why hes better than shaq or even wilt russell. russell never even won a slam dunk contest lol
lakers2013champsssz::jordan + lebron &lt; kobe
Ustna5::Kobe is surely a better rapist than MJ... So, yeah, he's got that going for him.
Dwight - GOAT Center - Howard::if you wanna call out Kobe for something, then call him out for something he did. Like snitch on shaq
sniper13xxx::The "immortal" Jordan's numbers against the Sonics in the finals, the only tough D he ever faced. Payton and McMillan some. Had McMillan not been injured Sonics win.    27.3 PPG, 5.3 RPG, 4.2 APG, 1.7 SPG, 0.2 BPG, 41.5 FG%, 31.6 3P%, 83.6 FT%, 3 TO
TLF-TrueLakerFan::kobe averages 81 points a game, and he has 16 rings, so that alone makes him better than mj. plus, he's shooting 53% so far this year, and thats something mj NEVER did.  kobe &gt; mj  deal with it, haters
sniper13xxx::wow you have everyone fooled.  clearly you are a lakers fan...
Great Year In Sports Brothers::I OWN THIS BOARD!
nba is the worst::Self-ownage, agreed
Great Year In Sports Brothers::Are you blind kobe victims actually comparing jordans teammates to kobes? seriously are u that stupid? there was no hack a pippen. horace grant and rodman never won freaking finals MVPs or led the team in offensive categories. shaq to the bynum/gasol/odom frontcourt and now howard. kobe is a 2nd round knockout without a GREAT frontcourt playing at the TOP of its game. mike never needed that, even lebron got to the finals without it. kobe is hilariously overrated by the faker bandwagon
1Realthing::The 90s Chicago Bulls dynasty is the only dynasty in the history of the game without a dominant Center.
Great Year In Sports Brothers::Are you blind kobe victims actually comparing jordans teammates to kobes? seriously are u that stupid? there was no hack a pippen. horace grant and rodman never won freaking finals MVPs or led the team in offensive categories. shaq to the bynum/gasol/odom frontcourt and now howard. kobe is a 2nd round knockout without a GREAT frontcourt playing at the TOP of its game. mike never needed that, even lebron got to the finals without it. kobe is hilariously overrated by the faker bandwagon
sniper13xxx::You are ignored, can't even debate.  LOSER
sniper13xxx::The "immortal" Jordan's numbers against the Sonics in the finals, the only tough D he ever faced. Payton and McMillan some. Had McMillan not been injured Sonics win.    27.3 PPG, 5.3 RPG, 4.2 APG, 1.7 SPG, 0.2 BPG, 41.5 FG%, 31.6 3P%, 83.6 FT%, 3 TO
1Realthing::Teams don't even play defense anymore. After Jordan left the league ratings dropped so baddly that Stern changed the rules in favor of the offense, nobody has played defense since...
Ustna5::Omg.... The idiocy of LAKER FAN is truly 24/7 isn't it.... Wow.
Great Year In Sports Brothers::In what way is kobe better than jordan? jordan won 72 games and he was the only player that averaged more than 14 points per game that year. he won 6x with 6 finals mvp’s and has how many regular season MVP’s ... 5 and Kobe has 1 that he didn’t even deserve. Kobe will never be Michael stop being a huge laker homer. Hahaha Kobe's career is no where even close to MJs career...lets examine&nbsp; Jordan 6 rings - Kobe 5&nbsp; Jordan 6 finals MVPs - Kobe 2&nbsp; Jordan 5 MVPs - Kobe 1&nbsp; Jordan 10 scoring titles - Kobe 2&nbsp; Jordan 1 defensive player of the year award - Kobe 0&nbsp; How does that sound close? Because Kobe rode a gigantic leviathan to 3 rings early in his career?
sniper13xxx::are you copying and pasting that shiet from a list?  weak $@%
sniper13xxx::Thats right, ignore me putting you in your place scrub.  The "immortal" Jordan's numbers against the Sonics in the finals, the only tough D he ever faced. Payton and McMillan some. Had McMillan not been injured Sonics win.    27.3 PPG, 5.3 RPG, 4.2 APG, 1.7 SPG, 0.2 BPG, 41.5 FG%, 31.6 3P%, 83.6 FT%, 3 TO
TLF-TrueLakerFan::kobe bryant beat the celtics in the nba finals, and michael jordan never even played against the celtics in the nba finals  kobe&gt;mj
junoNCAL::wait. artest? hall of fame? ok i'm out. this board's IQ is remarkably low
lakers2013champsssz::"i wish i was as good as kobe" -michael jordan
TLF-TrueLakerFan::steve nash is the best point guard in the nba, thats why he won 2 mvp awards last year, and now hes teaming up with kobe, who averages 81 points. lakers gonna kill everything in thier path.  deal with it, u haters
Great Year In Sports Brothers::Lebron took this bunch of scrubs to the finals... 2006/2007 Eastern Conference champions Cavaliers starting lineup (playoffs)&nbsp; PG: Daniel Gibson&nbsp; SG: Pavlovic&nbsp; SF: LeGoat&nbsp; PF: Gooden&nbsp; C: Big Z&nbsp; Backpacked that team to the Finals  Let’s hope kobe can take this group   PG: Nash (Hall of Fame) SG: Kobe (Hall of Fame) SF: Artest (Hall of Fame) PF: Gasol (Hall of Fame)  C: Howard (Hall of Fame)  Because he couldn’t take this group to the finals  PG: Sessions (Only Position Not An All-Star Yet Idiots Say Lebron Needs Help) SG: Kobe (All-Star Hall Of Fame) SF: Artest (All-Star Hall Of Fame) PF: Gasol (All-Star Hall Of Fame) C: Bynum (All-Star... Top 2 Center In The League)
sniper13xxx::That pack of scrubs would lose to 1-6 in the west that year.  Leastern conference sucked donkey nutz
Dwight - GOAT Center - Howard::he got Shannon Brown 2 titles, the same guy who won nothing with LeBron
sniper13xxx::The "immortal" Jordan's numbers against the Sonics in the finals, the only tough D he ever faced.  Payton and McMillan some.  Had McMillan not been injured Sonics win.  27.3 PPG, 5.3 RPG, 4.2 APG, 1.7 SPG, 0.2 BPG, 41.5 FG%, 31.6 3P%, 83.6 FT%, 3 TO
1Realthing::It's funny that you think this is a bad stat line...
sniper13xxx::What, no rebuttal?  You really did think Jordan walked on water didn't you?
ChargersFan4Life001::well im gonna go, gn all you lakers fans can think that game 6 wasn't rigged, when it was
sniper13xxx::Jordan shot 26.3% in game 6 against the Sonics, the only tough defense he ever faced in the finals.  He shot just over 40% for the series.
nba is the worst::41.5% - still 1% better than kobe's FG% vs the celtics (twice)
TLF-TrueLakerFan::kobe &gt; mj  mj NEVER averaged 81 points a game like kobe did, plus kobe has 16 rings  kobe &gt; mj  deal with it, haters
Great Year In Sports Brothers::wow... speechless
junoNCAL::Greatest moment of all sports  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7V0Hm2Sh_AU
junoNCAL::^ laker and king fans were warriors fans that year
ChargersFan4Life001::your trolling has made me hate them more, but ive never liked them. I did like b davis
junoNCAL::keep lying, im pretty sure you didnt hate the warriors before you met me
ChargersFan4Life001::i didnt give a damn about them
Dwight - GOAT Center - Howard::no matter how much you whine or throw around the word idiot, the Lakers are still the 2002 champions
ChargersFan4Life001::even though they didnt earn it
Dwight - GOAT Center - Howard::whaaaaaa, you're all idiots  -Kings fan on every post
ChargersFan4Life001::kobe's elbow never hit bibby -lakers fans
ChargersFan4Life001::typical lakers fan
Dwight - GOAT Center - Howard::he should have knocked Bibby out
lakers2013champsssz::kobe &lt;---- at the top mvp/goat dwight&lt;--- 2nd best player in the nba, best defender ever . . . . everyone else&lt;----- inferrior to kobe and dwight
junoNCAL::slurp.. slurp.. slurp
lakers2013champsssz::lakers&lt;----- . . . . . rest of the teams&lt;----
