mosesbyu::Free Jimmer.
cityofrain11::"It's the franchise's longest winning streak since November 1996, when it won 11 in a row as the Seattle SuperSonics."  Why does the media keep combining the two (Seattle and OKC)? Don't give me the technically it is the same franchise. It's not. Plain and simple. OKC's fans don't want to be associated with us and we don't want them claiming our teams history. It's bad enough how we lost our team. But to be reminded by them clumping our history with there's, is just f'd up. STOP!
Jordan tha GOAT::OKC on a 10 game winning streak.....the fakers just won their 10th game on some suspect calls as usual. .....Kobe shoots 29 times to get his points.....yeah the Lakers are the team to beat.....get the heck out of here......smh.....im so sick of these Fakers fan's
oblique15::Fake fans and Heatwagon  fans are the worst
ouchmeloisoutnowwhat::I know this is a could of, should of, and would of troll, and I know it is last year and old Business. But during the NBA Championship last year it seem like OKC just became cold shooting, they played erratic also like going to the Basket, and also more than usual turnovers. So if they get there this year I think they got a good chance of winning it all. Yes MIami Fans KIng James was awesome but also OKC did not play to their potential.
Olivia2920::OKC is a team I don't mind seeing win since my team sucks! Lol. I love KD he's such a great player and very humble and that's something I can appreciate.
Olivia2920::Good Job Thunder! Woohoo!
cujo300000::The thunder should try starting Thabeet for a few games!
uncallday252::OKC is the best team right now in the NBA, I like Durant and Westbrook. The only thing is that Westbrook scares me alot from time to time, he trys to be the man to much, instead of knowing his role. He's the second option, but everything goes through Durant. Defense not that good either, but they're winning
Qzhoopin20::Agree 4 Petes....the way Westbrook plays is totally perfect for OKC because it keeps the game and their attack in a level of chaos at all times!  That clearly works AGAINST their opponents and only makes the job easier for guys like Durant and Martin.  You have to account for Westbrook at all times, and whether he shoots 9-13 or 2-13, his style of play will always impact the game....and now at age 24, the guy has learned how to be an effective passer!!!  Skip Bayless is a little slow, but he'll learn!!
4 Petes Sake::Did you know that the way Westbrook plays is the way he is TOLD to play by his coaches?  NO YOU DIDNT.  Did you know that OKC ranks in the top of the NBA statistically for points allowed, which means OKC is a good defensive team?  NO YOU DIDNT.  These answers to the questions are all the same because its likely you dont watch games and dont research your talking points.  Another BAYLESS drone.
speakmemory::Wow.  Lakers fan here.  This thread has only 854 posts.  I think your Thunder is the best in the NBA right now.  My Lakers are not very good right now.  Our thread has 5,000+ posts, probably TWICE that!  Only saying that people don't talk basketball, they talk trash.  Wouldn't mind OKC winning it if my Lakers can't -
4 Petes Sake::Thats because THE WORLD enjoys the Lakers misery and OKC was playing a stank team in the Kings.  How does the amount of chatboard comments translate to fan support.  You sound like a typical Laker fan.  Totally uninformed.
oblique15::Hes not sayen OKC has no fans. Hes sayen people just like to talk trash to the Lakers or any team they hate. OKC just doesnt have as much people who hate them cause Durant is a humble guy.
goostate24::It's embarrassing, but I could bet money right now that there are millions of people out there that were more upset yesterday that their team lost than what happened in Conn. I love sports, but they are not important. They keep us entertained and that's it. Some people need to figure this out.
Homer Bailey is Batman::10 game winning streak and 10 scoring titles in a row in the year 2019.
goostate24::"Man Russell Westbrook ONLY had 13 assists tonight? He's such a ball hog and doesn't know how to pass!! OKC needs to trade him ASAP." --every $@%!$@%! fan in the world that thinks they understand basketball, and skip bayless.
Asif11111::wow the thunder have 10 straight wins, the best record in the entire league, and only have about 800+ comments on the board, whereas the laker board has over 5000+...smh
Okcin2013::1.2 mill in okc metro.3.5 mill state.you can probably add a couple hundred thou if you add illegals.
secisnotateam::Los Angeles area - 12 million people   State of Oklahoma - 1.5 million people
918Pokes::Get your facts straight before you talk.
Homer Bailey is Batman::People don't hate the Thunder yet. Once they start winning titles like Alabama football then people will come on these boards and hate.
crimson-knights123::Cause the Lakers are a joke and their fanbase is full of jack a**es, so everybody trolls them.
Asif11111::lol...true
striker10::Someone who watched the game: what did KD get a tech for?
ForeverGrapeOKC::f-bomb to ref
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::dont know bro
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::Thunder Up!
Levarien::God, this team has 2 first round picks this year.
goostate24::3, maybe 4.
amiller244::Why does Sefolosha start over Kevin Martin?
jefarr::still need strong players for your second unit.
BEARTIMZ::Sef is a defensive player his job is to gaurd and shut down the other teams #1 scorer I.e. Kobe,  Hardin,  LeBron (depending on the match up). There are already enough points on the floor to start the game I.e. Durant,  Westbrook so his points aren't needed. Plus he adds fuel when the bench comes in. If you start all your good players and save none for reserve you look like The "Lake Show" . All good teams do it I.e Ginoblli.
Matt25261992::harden* cmon dude. he was an integral part of the team for a few years, and you spell his name wrong lol
UndeniableTruthTeller::Looks like Durant is going after another scoring title.
Matt25261992::Thunder v Knicks title matchup would be unreal
crimson-knights123::The Knicks will not make it. I just dont think they will have the stamina to finish the whole year
BEARTIMZ::*Have
BEARTIMZ::Hace a feeling its the championship but if the scoring title comes he won't decline.
ThunderHornz::Wrong. Durant is going after a championship for his team. Anything else is just gravy.
UndeniableTruthTeller::He could be going after both.
ALLforthelulz::best offensive player in the league shooting 70% in a game and he gets up 14 shots?? no comment
blackhook777::The OKC "Thunder"? ...sounds like a lesbian softball team.
BEARTIMZ::Who doesn't like Lesbians? Reallyn I've seen your porn collection
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Weak try again kid. That lesbian softball team has the NBA best record #1 offense and #2 Defense. If that's what the Thunder are then your team must be a squad of jokes and scrubs.
ThunderHornz::Call us whatever you like sugar!
topdropkilla44::Skip Bayless. Please kill yourself and make your family's christmas better.
CaptainObvious20122012::It only took 23 games, but Durant finally took more shots than Westbrook in a game.
dabears744::mad respect for KD...classy and im a nola fan....seriously great player, great guy, and his comments show the class act he is....such a sad day for everyone in this country
markdexter11::Westbrook is the shiznit. Stop talking like he isn't. He's a dangerous and explosive player.
NYKWitness::KD puts up 31 on 14 shots.  Meanwhile Kobe puts up 30 on 29 shots... yikes.
speakmemory::Two different players, uncomparable - Nobody can do what Durant does.  Not fair to compare what Kobe does to Durant, a different skill set at this stage in their careers.
Zippppppppp::26 points in 16 minutes. Why did he only play 16 minutes?
dahojas::When your center is leading your team in assists, your offense sucks.
idontcareaboutyou99::OKC is a wild west town can't believe they have an NBA team there--heck South Dakota might as well get a team, too
Matthew Borba::wild west town? Come on now, at least attempt to know what you're talking about.
ThunderHornz::I have spent more time in Dallas and also lived in Houston before moving to OKC. I'm also a Longhorn fan and as such and being a Texas girl, am predisposed to insult anything OKlahoma but these comments knocking the state and it's people are ridiculous. I have enjoyed my time here with the good people that live here.
streidl::way to be IT...woof woof
JoeyFloyd3699::Fu ck you Clay Bennett you slime bag
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::I just have to say Thank You Clay Bennet for out smart the whole city of Seattle, the whole state of Washington and all the fans that didn't go out and support the sonics. Oh and Thank You for bring the Best Team in the NBA to OKC. Oh and thank you for making Seattle people cry.
cityofrain11::At least do some actual research on it so you can have an opinion of your own and not just what the media told you what happened.
Asif11111::amen
roadglider2011::One word "tool". Get over it your ex-girlfriend has.
Asif11111::lol
Okcin2013::I always get a chuckle when I see these kind of posts.ThunderUp!
savelando::its funny because if the team sucked, they wouldnt care.
michael107115::Not a Laker fan but I've been saying since D'Antoni was hired Isaiah Thomas would be a great backup PG for the Lakers. He's quick pushes the ball and is a much more under control Nate Robinson with more Point guard in him. He would be a great  fit it in LA
ChargersFan4Life001::win the 3rd Q by 5 and the 4th Q by 4, too bad we lost the 2nd Q by 16
thenextgreatest21::I remember this article about the Thunder offense struggling a few weeks back... LOL FAIL.
schmavis::Good game for the Thunder as usual.   For the Kings, Isaiah Thomas has a 23 point quarter or whatever it was,  showed leadership signs last year as a rookie, and they can't figure how to use this guy.  What a joke.
karelp::Kobe needs 29 shots to score 30 pts;  Durant needs 14 to score 31.
itsatrap123::Gahhh! I missed another one! Good game Thunder fans: your team is the true team to beat in the Western Conference.
war_eagle_one::Cousins.  Character issues.  Mental case.  Good luck SAC.
fball8088::IT, Jimmer, Tyreke, Thompson, Cousins
surasosa::wow terrible defense
surasosa::refs fffffn up the game with two cheap ace fouls on gay
leex5048::If the world does indeed end just know Westbrook finished in the top 5 for Ast per game this year. OKC!
surasosa::conley butter but get ur damn toe back... worst shot in basketball
surasosa::zach make that u scrub
surasosa::miller has such an old white mans game... I'm white its cool
ForeverGrapeOKC::KDs shoe tonight  http://www.dailythunder.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/Screen-Shot-2012-12-14-at-9.39.23-PM.png
Ontario925::There is only one team that can beat the Thunder all the way to the NBA Championship win this June and that is the Thunder themselves. Stern might as well get that Trophy ready for them now shined up for this June. Destiny appears in the Thunder this time like the Heat last June.
Matt25261992::lol
smiley4284::Damn I was wrong.  OKC's rotational bench is legit.   Thunder is a force.
supe540::Heard rumors the Kings don't want to move Evans.  Don't understand that.
earlealston::Durant: 31pts on 10-14 FGs(71%), 2-3 3pts(66%), and 9-9 FTs...  Kobe: 30pts on 9-29 FGs(31%), 1-8 3pts(12.5%), and 11-13 FTs....  "Kobe is STILL the best scorer in the game!"  -Kobetards
thenextgreatest21::THANK YOU LEEX. I've been saying this for ages now.
leex5048::I'm a KD fan and I think Melo is the best all-around scorer in the game
Trufant232008::Kobe is the best scorer in the game since he leads the leauge. Durant is just far more efficient. I expect Durant to take the lead though when Nash gets back.
Oklahoman2424::Durant would have 50+ every game if he threw up as many shots as Kobe.
ThunderUpUNCPokes::Westbrook had 13 assists tonight and people STILL say he needs to pass more.  SMH
The_JTrain::he's a $@%!$@% great passer.   He needs to be more efficient with his shots tho.  He has so many gifts and he's only 24.  He's going to get even better
