DavidP::On a totally unrelated note, whatever happened to 1/2 games in the Yahoo standings?  No more 2-1/2 or 3-1/2 games back.  Everything is rounded off the nearest game, or is it?  Some of the numbers in the Games Back column I can't figure out at all...
jbones43::If the Jazz win then they are in business for the rest of the season, but I think the Clippers are more hungry for a W tonight.
creep::The Clippers are barely beating the Jazz. Just goes to show one that the Clippers are an overrated group. I think Charles Barkley might have been apologizing to fans all over the world after his hasty prediction that this team goes to the finals. Too many flaws. Not enough confidence. Not enough bench. I could go on and on. Don't tell a staunch Clipper fan this though. They've already penciled them in to win the title. Facts in your face once again!!
Hair Club Dooley::I got this suit from Value Village they said a funeral home donated it.
clint::it's not entertaining to watch Blake play bully ball with NBA condoning. if Hayward is the best player on the Jazz then I'm John Homes without the size.
creep::Chris Paul runs the show while the rest of the group follows along and hopes they somehow get the win! Of course, to a Clipper fan this is a team of superstars!!
creep::Just think folks. Where would the Clippers be today if Chris Paul would not have signed with them? I shutter to even think of the result. The Clipper bandwagon would disappear into the sunset!!
The Three Stooges::Clippers downplaying the competition again.  Look for the Suns to be in first place if the Jazz win tonight and the Suns win in Clipperland Monday night.
creep::Highlight reel dunks do not win championships. Just ask Vince Carter and Dwight Howard.
BendGod::Piece of Shiht Dooley troll is a #$%$. Why ruin a service  for everyone else with your nonsense? It's disgusting and  it's wrong. You have no scruples nor integrity and I find you  repulsive. Grow up little man and go play in the street loser
