rl75742::Is Lawson the most underrated point guard in the league?
Idris5249::LOL oh wow that kid Leonard dunks on Miller who is half leonard's size and leonard thinks he's the s.h.i.t for dunking on him lololol gtfo try and dunk on someone like Duncan, Ibaka, Randolph, Deandre Jordan, or any other big guy and then you can pound your chest like if you're a tough. Can't stand little chicken s.h.i.ts like that.
wilcox1232::andre miller just does work. One of the most underrated careers ever
creative_screenname21::The Nuggets are one of the most exciting teams to watch in the NBA
nuneee2::pretty sure lawson is the fastest guy i've seen on the break in the nba this year, including lebron... not nearly as scary, but i think faster.
Devinhuelsmann::no doubt.
MTN_HIGH_CO::Nice!  Playing without high scorer and getting a road win are two pluses from tonight.  Let's keep rolling to the 4th playoff spot.
JustineS04::Mets, you talkin' 'bout HIGH SCHOOL? Not even NCAA, but HIGH SCHOOL.
ThunderHornz::Well done Nuggets-tough loss Blazers! Seems like it would have been entertaining to watch! Good health all.
diehardnr1::Another Wow!...  I came on here to read and comment on this game and DEN Nuggets...but the board seemed to be hijacked by some guy (MetsxNLxChampsx2013) who apparently was the guy that Faried used to send  for Gator-Aid after replacing him on his HS team.  Mets also thinks the All Time NCAA rebound king is a scrub and feels that he was wronged somehow and is still waiting on his chance.  This is worse than a Vampire Diaries script!  But you cannot make this stuff up.  Dude...if even a shred of this is true...suck it up and get back to dominating your "coulda, shoulda, woulda" YMCA league...and start looking in the mirror to see who to blame for your mistakes...if you do NOT see a reflection of yourself, then this IS Vampire Diaries...with out the hot chicks...
yoitsbrandon::scrolled down just to read the comments.  me thinks he was a bit drunk
diehardnr1::GG Blazers...  Wow! A road Win! WoW! Two road Wins in a row! WOW! A road Win in the Rose Garden!  Excuse me,  I am getting giddy from all the recent "success" away from the Can...  All in all, a good gritty road win.  Good to see DEN close out a game in a tough place to play...BUT the FT shooting is going to bite them come playoffs time.  If there is a coach for FT shooting, he should be fired!  If there is no coach, then maybe they should hire one.  There has to be some way to fix this glaring problem!  Love the fast breaks and PIP but also fear that DEN will become stagnant when forced out of their running comfort zone in playoffs...frankly, the outside shooting is spotty...so that leaves developing the half court offense.  Uh oh...   Outside of the lob, the DEN half court offense consists of Ty or Dre penetrating and/or kicking it out to an iffy shooting option...Nuggets MUST get better outside shooting or MUCH better at passing, to have any playoff success.  Kudos to Ty and Dre for icing this one.  BIG home game coming up! Sonics in town!  GO NUGGETS!!!
JustineS04::Nuggets' outside shooting goes from struggling to practically nonexistent without Gallo. When he's on, he really helps spread the floor.
DAnnyPrImetIme15::If Ty got half the calls that other PG's get in the league, he'd be averaging 25+ a game. It will happen at some point.
diehardnr1::If I was a San An fan I would say he needs to accentuate (read flop) more on contact.  But as a DEN fan I love the physical play and once his rep gets bigger,  then he will start getting the calls...
JustineS04::I agree. It seems like it's already started in the last few games. He isn't getting launched into the first or second row without a call nearly as often. I think the Ts GK earned on his behalf and the respect Lawson is getting have finally helped.
1502blue::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNVBZuFaQvY
040Carter::been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar the last couple months now. I am making around $3000 a month just following this system. You will find this system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems. If you bet on sports you have to look into this,.
denverboi1993::Well done Nuggets. This game had a loss written all over... they really showed maturity tonight.
Andy Eggroll Gets it Done::Yea and god said to abraham you will kill your son isaac, and abraham said i can't hear you, you'll have to speak into the microphone. And god said oh im sorry is this better check check check Jerry pull the high end out im still getting some hiss back here
jayeteee::MetsxNLxChampsx2013 still has his letter jacket w/ the patch from his championship in the 3rd &amp; 4th grade YMCA Children w/ special needs league.
remy 88::somehow Faried's two mommas raised a better man than MetsXNSxChamps by Mets' own admission
Silverio60::5 point 3 dimes three dimes from the snack box where he gets 3 dimes from the machine after he puts in 3 dollar needs some stale chips
Silverio60::It was its on you tube It was on 9news tv in denver
remy 88::granted I think Mets is some sort of reverse troll but I'm not sure for what purpose, but Faried really is a great guy and a silent hero for gay parents. I'm sure he doesn't necessarily want his upbringing to be politicized to have that distraction for his career but his parenthood scored a clear cut victory.
JustineS04::Except he's been publicly outspoken about the cause, which I also respect him for.
Silverio60::you can pick you friends and your nose but not your Parents!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Dood he is proud.
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::Dont forget even though my playing days are behind me i still know what im doing on the hardwood... anyone want to see me at the rec center ill pin your $@%!, my IQ is through the roof. 5 points 3 dimes speaks for itself. I still give teens that work when they step to the ZEUS OF ABUSE in the paint. Sleep on that slampigs
the_ascent::So you're that has been dirt bag at the rec who acts like he's playing in game 7 of the finals.  Your life must really suck.
jayeteee::He sleeps there.
Andy Eggroll Gets it Done::Lmao u should not troll because you are a funny fellow
bearsbball12::Are you done yet?
remy 88::Either of Faried's mommas &gt; MetsxNLxChamps
Silverio60::great
jayeteee::It was probably Faried's dad that schooled MetsxNLxChampsx2013, and he's in his 60's.
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::Just go night night, i toe tagged each and every one of you scum sucking lowlifes
Silverio60::IS that a Threat or a promise jerk off.
theanimal53::Don't get too many nightmares about that game 7 in 2006 bro.
DENuggetz303::Ooooooooooooooooooo $@%! shut it down!!!
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::Hurt half the year and only had 3 less errors, sad bro... Tulo got his contract and said $@%! it. Face it hes just a shell of his old self now and will never recover, similar to Jimenez and his one year wonder
bearsbball12::While we're on the topic of Tulo and errors: http://www.baseball-reference.com/leaders/fielding_perc_ss_career.shtml
DENuggetz303::Your Butthurtness is on another level
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::Ruben Tejada hit .290 last year with only 11 Errors... Tulo only hit .287 with 8 errors... 3 less errors and batted 3 points less but how much more does he get paid?
Andy Eggroll Gets it Done::Rube Tejada is kind of a scrub bro!
jayeteee::He was hurt for half the year. LOL. That's life.  *2/3 of the year he was out, to be exact.
DENuggetz303::Because he is the best SS in the league unlike whoever the hell Ruben Teja is
charliharper::And in China, a bag of rice just fell over.
bearsbball12::LOL. This is the worst analysis I have ever seen in my entire life.
Andy Eggroll Gets it Done::"playing for the mets were some of the worst years of my life and i had to deal with clinical depression"  Michael Piazza's sad recount of his time with the mets
jayeteee::"Where would the Mets be if it wasn't for me?"  -Billy Buckner
high kennedy::The game was tied on that play. Would have gone to the 11th inning if he had made the out. Then who knows.
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::Faried is a bum who has two mothers... his life is a train wreck just like the organization he plays for. Nobody thinks your team is relevant outside of Colorado, deal with it. Also did i say wheeler didnt play for the Mets? I said we got him for Beltran so we won that deal
Devinhuelsmann::i dont live in colorado
Silverio60::80085
Silverio60::knicks suck how did that trade go. Nets suck. mets and Yankees suck should i start with the jets or Gia ants they have $@%!$
the_ascent::You sound like a whiny $@%!$.  If you really did play with Kenneth Faried I bet he slapped you like a @%!$@ too.
DENuggetz303::Why you so butt hurt?
Andy Eggroll Gets it Done::"id rather get my left nut pierced than play for the mets"  mikey bourn
Andy Eggroll Gets it Done::although what Mikey said was a bit vulgar and unnecessary he conveyed his point well
charliharper::Stop talking baseball. That's worse than taking a valium.
charliharper::Lol. Watching a baseball game works even better
NickBenCor::U fail, valium is awesome
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::Me and Mike Mcfadden couldve been the best front court in the state of NJ but Faried took my spot and our school never won state because of it. I respect Mcfadden who now plays for Iona but $@%! faried
NickBenCor::MetsxNLxChampsx2013 fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice..... you cant be fooled again!
remy 88::nicely played
Andy Eggroll Gets it Done::"I hate the Mets and every thing they stand for"  -Carl Beltran and Jo Reyes
Andy Eggroll Gets it Done::But now u r stuck with Ruben Tejada
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::We got a few solid years and Zach Wheeler out of Beltran and a batting title out of Reyes... we used em and kicked em to the curb
jayeteee::You mean they used you. The Mets never did anything w/ either of those players, but I'm pretty sure Wheeler's stilll there. He was scratched from his start today. Geez, you don't even know your own team.
Andy Eggroll Gets it Done::Carl Delgado 2 probably
charliharper::How has this chat turned into a baseball board? I am out. F uck baseball.
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::Faried is the primary reason i got cut from the varsity squad 3 straight years even though i averaged 5 points, 3 dimes, and 2 boards for the JV squad. $@%! that gorilla in the mist, id kick his teeth down his throat if he ever disrespected me in school. I played just like Tom Chambers but because hes more athletic he got the nod
jayeteee::Okay, Cinderella, but aren't you late for your pumpkin ride?
remy 88::so, are you a reverse troll? I don't get your point? LOL
Andy Eggroll Gets it Done::your statline sucks bro!
bearsbball12::Hahahahaha. This is great.
Andy Eggroll Gets it Done::Carl Beltran left u because he didn't love u
DENuggetz303::R.A Dickey is the Mets best player..............................oh wait
theanimal53::Troll my fellow Nuggets fans MetsxNLxChampsx2013, and I will keep mentioning how my Cardinals made your Mets cry in the NLCS in 2006.
Devinhuelsmann::no they are my cardinals. Straight out of STL OG
jayeteee::Shhh, you don't want to hurt cyber bullies feelings.
theanimal53::Lmao
Andy Eggroll Gets it Done::I saw dat
bearsbball12::I hope he keeps going with it. It's hilarious.
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::Faried is a bum, he couldnt get us past Science high back in his high school days yet coach belanne worshipped him... Michael Mcfadden was a million times better yet was overshadowed by this scrub
remy 88::Faried represents everything a Knick fan doesn't know and can't respect: scouted talent at a decent price.
theanimal53::October 20th, 2006, Yadier Molina hits a 2 run shot to lead the Cardinals to a 3-1 win in Game 7 over the NY Mets in the NLCS to advance to the World Series, and later win it.
charliharper::U have never seen a school from inside d umba ss
NickBenCor::im so confused. what are u talking about?
bearsbball12::Obviously this guy went to HS with the Manimal. Can't you tell?
bearsbball12::Keep it coming please. This is comedy gold.
DENuggetz303::I also went to highschool with Lebron James Kobe Bryant Kevin Garnett and Monta Ellis they all were so dumb they didnt go to college
charliharper::Lol. Burn
charliharper::Please ban the baseball trolls.
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::Im here in Colorado with family in Colorado Springs so if anyone wants to get in a scuffle with me meet me at the Cheyanne zoo or mr. biggs complex
theanimal53::October 20th, 2006, Yadier Molina hits a 2 run shot to lead the Cardinals to a 3-1 win in Game 7 over the NY Mets in the NLCS to advance to the World Series, and later win it.
charliharper::Just ignore that piece of s hit
Andy Eggroll Gets it Done::go to bed crazy man!
Andy Eggroll Gets it Done::I remember Rocktober!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
theanimal53::Yo, Mets fan, remember when my Cardinals knocked the Mets out of the NLCS? I believe it was my man Yadier Molina who made you guys cry for hitting that 2-run home run.
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::Went to school with Faried at technology high in NJ, the guy got punched in the face in spanish class. Hes one of the dumbest players in the league besides Mcgeek, thats why he went to morehead
remy 88::you're so amateur. If you want to attack a guy's intelligence go troll DRose on the Chicago boards.
bearsbball12::You went to school with Faried? I went to school with Tyson Chandler! What a crazy coincidence.
2419clippard::he was going to UK before Tubby got fired
charliharper::Troll on baseball boards u $@%!$@.
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::Buying championships, and you dont? Tulo is a major bust and cargo only bolsters his numbers at home, but it goes both ways hence the poor record. Yes the hitting will look great but the loss column will be ugly as usual
jayeteee::Mets big payroll w/ no results. They spend way more than the Rockies do.
2419clippard::Reuben Tejada...and both teams suck
Andy Eggroll Gets it Done::Look bro I've never even heard of your shortstop!
DENuggetz303::Coming form a Mets fan LOL
RoidRage1986::WHO CARES
bearsbball12::Tulo a bust? LOL. Who's your SS?
bearsbball12::29/8/7/5 is a really good line for Iggy but I have no clue what's happened to his FT shooting. All of his first 6 seasons he shot at least 72% at the line but the past 3 seasons it's been steadily declining and now is all the way down below 58%. Doesn't make any sense.
remy 88::unprofessional outsider's opinion? I don't think the guy works that hard at his game. I think he's got a ton of talent and doesn't work as hard as a certain crowd does.
bearsbball12::There's a great article about Iggy's D that includes videos of him narrating how he defends certain top players in the NBA. It definitely doesn't just come naturally to him, he watches a lot of film to learn their tendencies and what they like to do. Of course that doesn't mean he puts the same amount of work into his shot.
remy 88::I think that probably comes to him pretty naturally. I think he hasn't worked hard at his shot and his offensive game.
bearsbball12::He works hard at his defense, that's for sure.
jayeteee::Needs his eyes checked, but you'd think a pro already took that into consideration.
DENuggetz303::He has lost confidence in his shot hopefully after a big game like this he can start to get it back
bearsbball12::Doubt it. He was 2-7 from 3 and 5-10 from the line. That doesn't really scream confidence.
Kobelies247::Can we stop the playoff talk now plz?
remy 88::we're within 25 games. It's time to ramp up the playoff talk.
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::Iggy couldnt hit a 3 or free throw to save his life, dude is a major f.uck up. Denver suffering from delusions of grandeur for beating a hapless lakers squad and the failblazers. Not impressed
remy 88::As a Thunder fan, don't like playing in Denver. More than anything, I HATE playing against Kenneth Faried because our defensive rebounding isn't the best. If we keep that guy off the defensive boards, we squash Denver, otherwise it's a got damn slog.
RoidRage1986::It's going to be a great game.
aquafinah20::What so good about Denver? they ain't got nobody, so how they keep winning?
2419clippard::no, that wasn't the argument though
bearsbball12::Saying they "ain't got nobody" tells me  that you don't really watch the Nuggets. Boy are you missing out.
bearsbball12::This year? Probably not. A year or 2 down the line? Definitely have a shot.
aquafinah20::are they going to win a championship?
2419clippard::statement is dumb and a half
Andy Eggroll Gets it Done::Andrew Iguodala the best to ever did it!!!!!
remy 88::the underbite?
DENuggetz303::His D is tops in the league
DENuggetz303::well one of the best
charliharper::AI don't put up his 76's numbers but he sure as hell is happy to play in Denver.
charliharper::Nuggets need home court advantage.
2419clippard::they are red hot right now though
charliharper::Don't matter. Memphis won't go far without Gay.
2419clippard::so much fun to watch...hope they can get that 4 seed though over Memphis
DENuggetz303::I doubt he will opt out of 16mil plus everytime you see him he looks very happy to be in Denver our system is perfect for him
charliharper::I ain't a Nuggets fan but that's a solid team. Good luck in the playoffs.
2419clippard::yeah, as much as his shooting/free throws and even turnovers at times have pissed me off this year, his defense is amazing and makes Denver a helluva lot better
RoidRage1986::Great defender would be an understatement but his FT shooting bothers the heck outta me.
charliharper::Helluva defender
2419clippard::hope he comes back next year
VonDoomSquad::We sure might.
bearsbball12::I doubt he'll turn down an option for over $16M.
