TQ9475::Lawson played more efficiently than Paul and both Manimal and Koufos had better games than Blake.  If you would have told me that would be the case before gametime I would have locked Nuggs in with a W.  Too bad Gallo was horrendous, going 0-7.  To me that was the biggest difference.  THe officiating wasnt great, and the flopping is ridiculous, but every team does it these days, so I guess we either get used to it or stop watching, and thats up to each individual.
grettings444::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
Stretch121092::Did anyone watch the ESPN highlights for this when they showed Faried "blocking griffin"? It was an obvious foul, he slapped Griffins wrist, didn't even touch the ball, the ref called a foul. Yet ESPN is hyping it. I think they are trying to brew a rivalry
TQ9475::I think ESPN was just hyping how hard Faried works.  He chased Griffin down, fouled him hard enough to make him miss the dunk and then Griffin missed both FTs.  Great play by Manimal.
c5a1t3s::uhhh at the very least the call is debatable.  video links are welcomed.
c5a1t3s::which is why i said at the very least it was debatable.  oh, and it was the back of his hand, dvr'd the game.
helmsey::i didn't see that particular block so I can't comment on if it was a foul or not.  However, the poster clearly said "wrist" which is different than "hand".  Hand is part of the ball but wrist is not.  Obviously it is very difficult for a ref to see "hand" vs. "wrist" contact in full speed so they often just listen for a slap and get the call wrong.  I did see a lot of very bad flopping by the Clips though which is embarrassing for the league and needs to be address.  I'm a huge soccer fan as well and the flopping has almost ruined that sport too.
c5a1t3s::actually, i retract that statement.  Incidental Contact: The mere fact that contact occurs does not mean a foul has been committed. Players are allowed to contact other players when reaching for a loose ball, or when performing normal offensive and defensive movements. The hand is considered “ part of the ball” when it is in contact with the ball and contact with a players hand when it is in contact with the ball is not a foul.  oh you need a link? word!  http://www.nba.com/features/misunderstoodrules_051128.html
c5a1t3s::Hope the association can figure out this flopping epidemic. Clipps, you're not even the worst at it. HOU and SA take the cake.  in today's game, laimbeer and c. Oakley would foul out before the game starts.
brena555::Call them what they are, its not lob city but rather FLOP CITY!  Do the slippers take acting lessons to flop like a slimy fish all the time??
Stretch121092::These flop complaints get funnier and funnier every day. It happens in every single NBA game, yes its a problem, but just get used to it. It happens in every sport now, just deal with it or go read a book
c5a1t3s::it's unacceptable when it dictates the last 14 seconds of the game.  take off your homer shades, bruh!
lou da raider hater::I watched my last NBA game for the year, even if the Nuggets make the playoffs. It reminded me of game 3 of last years game vs OKC when Durrant went over the half-court line and it was a "no call". That is why the NBA is losing their fan base.
c5a1t3s::I agree with everything but the fan base. The ratings tell a different story.
timvp007::know im going to be called a troll but I actually like the Clips and hate the nuggest cause my family is from Colorado and they hate my spurs but anyway I had to say last nights game was horribley called. I think the refs gave the game to the clips, they might have still won without the calls but it was really bad
Sister YoMama::C3PO is a piece of crap with no pride.  All he ever does is help people.  Why not try to build your own legacy.
crondito::Typical post from a Kobe fan.  "All the great players force up 30 shots a night, not even looking for their teammates!!!"
c5a1t3s::i don't understand this post.
paul2285::Flopping is killing basketball CP3 is a great player but that guy gets to do pretty much anything he wants out there
kezmicdust::Let's be honest - the biggest flopper on the court last night was Andre Miller.
Sister YoMama::It doesn't matter what the clips do.  Staples is Kobe's house and its time for them to pay rent
ulam81::I think they'll do more than just renting it by next year. I think they're going to buy it and own it. It'll be kobe living in Blake's and CP3's house. Ready to have the table switched and become a guest now?
crondito::Way to be original
SouthStands::Last night is just another example of why professional basketball is garbage. I am really tired of watching these "athletes" flop all over the place instead of just playing the game. CP3 was one of the toughest PGs when he played at Wake Forest. To see him flail as he falls to the ground when Ty Lawson puts his hand on him is an embarrassment. Truth be told, I don't have any idea how he can even look at himself when he pulls that kind of stuff. He's good enough to win games without that ridiculousness. I wish flops were called as technical fouls. Ruins the game in my mind.  As for last night's game, the score should have been knotted at 98 a piece when Denver stole the ball from Paul. Of course that wasn't going to happen...not against Paul. Denver plays good team ball and deserved a better ending than they received last night. They may or may not have won that game as the Clippers are a very good team, but the Nuggets deserved to let basketball determine the outcome.
kezmicdust::SouthStands - if you had your way and flopping was called as a technical, then that play when Denver "stole the ball" would never have happened, as Miller would have had a technical for flopping 2 seconds earlier.
c5a1t3s::SouthStands - Come on now...Paul ran straight into Miller on that one. It's the same as a screen to me, if the player is attempting to move around the screen and the screener moves, then the foul is on the screener. If the player makes no attempt and runs into the screen, the call is on the player.  If a call was going to be made, it would have went against Paul. That said, I'm totally fine with the ref not calling anything in that scenario. Just physical basketball at that point to me.  exactly! that's exactly what it boils down to. neither deserved a call, in my opinion, but the dre foul should have been called if the ref was going to call anything. when cp3 was "fouled", the ref didn't have a view of the play.  game would have been tied at 100.  "would have".  i'm not mad at the clippers or their fanbase.  they clearly know how to win games. i just wish the refs would get on board with some consistency.
SouthStands::Come on now...Paul ran straight into Miller on that one. It's the same as a screen to me, if the player is attempting to move around the screen and the screener moves, then the foul is on the screener. If the player makes no attempt and runs into the screen, the call is on the player.  If a call was going to be made, it would have went against Paul. That said, I'm totally fine with the ref not calling anything in that scenario. Just physical basketball at that point to me.
drmcfunk::Yeah i just think IF "flopping" was a foul, then the if player takes the risk of attempting it then let them. Thats why i don't mind it in hockey because sure you might get away with it once or twice but you get called on it most the time. But if you want to risk the penalty then go for it. But overall the refs call the most ridiculous fouls, and sorry to reference the NHL again but the refs are told dont blow the whistle unless absolutely certain and that doesnt seem like the case in the nba
SouthStands::I agree with c5 here. Griffen and Paul are very formidable in their own right and don't need to reduce their games to flops and whistle hunting.  Paul has one of the nicest shots in the game and is as good as it gets with his running floater. Griffen is a monster and is just scratching the surface of his game.  I can't imagine how some of these players today would play against the teams in the 80s. Jordan, Bird, and Magic all played physical...and their teams did too. Heck, I'd love to see LeBron go against the Bad Boys of Detroit...no layups on that team...EVER. LOL!
c5a1t3s::drmcfunk - That is true... although hopefully those players would be good enough to adapt. And that kind of play would make people like Blake Griffin that much harder to defend  agreed, and that's how it should be. Him and cp3 are so incredibly talented enough to drop the drama-queen mentality.
drmcfunk::That is true... although hopefully those players would be good enough to adapt. And that kind of play would make people like Blake Griffin that much harder to defend
SouthStands::Right...whistles should be for obvious stuff down the stretch. I wish the NBA was more like the NHL in that regard for sure. It would really allow the games to be decided by the players.  Of course that would take some time though as most players are (more often than not) trying to draw whistles instead of trying to make plays down the stretch. If the NBA was going to make a shift, it would wreck the 4th quarter games of guys like Paul, Ginobili, and Williams (to name a few).
SouthStands::@drmc...I agree with your post for the most part. I think come this time of year when playoff positioning is on the line, I think games should be decided with basketball, not the ability to draw cheap fouls. I remember watching UK-KU and there was some physicality in that game! I like that.  Let the players play...let that be the determining factor.
drmcfunk::And they should just let the players play like in the NHL. Every player in the league assumes they get fouled every time they get touched, let them get a bit more physical like they used to.
SouthStands::Exactly...
c5a1t3s::TRUTH!!!
drmcfunk::I agree there should be fouls for "flopping" but it shouldnt be a technical. Although i still and will always believe that drawing a foul is a skill that all players in the NBA do regularly. I still think a foul should be called one way or another but blame Stern for not doing $@%! about it. Honestly we need a commish who isnt going to let this terrible reffing continue, we need to reform the whole NBA reffing situation because this is getting out of hand. GO CLIPPERS!
drmcfunk::Once the Clips get Billups back the bench is going to be amazing. Mo williams, Randy Foye, Nick Young (SF), Reggie Evans, and Kenyon Martin. Great shooting and Great defense coming off the bench in the Clips future
ulam81::He will want that Ring. If he does the best place to stay is the Clippers.
BRAY5150::Unfortunately mo is a free agent and will cost to much for the clippers to keep him. I'm sure they will bring somebody else in but it sure would be nice to keep mo but he'd have to take less money and I doubt he will do that
Cincyfan1312::That a way Kenyon!
TQ9475::Im a Nuggs fan who loves me some Kmart.  Classless act booing a guy who gave you 7 years of his career and fought through one of the toughest injuries in sports.  It wa fitting that he sealed the win, and honestly that made it a lot easier for me to accept, because  i thought the fans that boo'd him had it coming.
c5a1t3s::i heard a mixture of both cheers AND boos. but you're right, the boos were classless.  kmart is a defensive juggernaut and always been.  he definitely played hard here in denver.
c5a1t3s::dude he basically sealed the game last game!  ahhhhhhh ahhhhhhhhh ahhhhhhhhhh UC!  ...but go NUGGS!
ICE3339::clippers keep pressure on Lakers? There is no pressure on the Lakers. Unlike scared teams, the Lakers could care less where they are seeded.
ulam81::I smell a freightened Lakers fan.
bmosheman::NBA refs stink.  They are just too inconsistant and their calls are too arbitrary. http://billsgoodread.com/2012/03/06/eeny-meeny-miny-moe/
DAnnyPrImetIme15::When have the refs not decided a game this year? The last minute was an embarrassment to any one who respects the game of basketball. I would love CP3 a lot more if he didn't flop all over the place and whine like a little girl.
brena555::At least we don't have to live in LA...and to believe that you don't whine, give me a break.  And its not just CP3 its your whole f-ing team thats a bunch of floppers!  I just wish a team would put a foot in the middle of these flop artists acting like they were tazered and have them need to skip a game or two...
sly86921::Cp3 might flop sometimes but he don't whine half as much as the whole Denver fan base does
AnnasDaddy37::I was at the game and I am a basketball official...that call was a joke...Can't believe they didn't call CP3 for a foul on the push off prior to that call...
c5a1t3s::hahaha easy to say if you're a clippers fan. denver may have still lost, but in the final seconds, you can't call that a "foul" on brewer on the cp3 inbounds play.  You can be a blind homer and still appreciate the game of basketball
nba is the worst::All the threes the Clipps made were also key.  The league LOVES it's floppers, and it's pathetic
7BAUGHLLIN7::Both jazz and nuggets en the season at 36-30...
octavius9685::i cant understand how people can hate on this team, who finally, for the first time in its long, sorry $@%! history, is an actually competitor. STOP HATING ON BLAKE, STOP HATING ON CP3....Donald Sterling will ruin this club once again, so just enjoy the Clippers winning for once
diehardnr1::Good game until the refs handed it to Paul and the Clipps.  The bail out call on the Miller steal changed the whole game.  Instead of 3 on none fast break for a tie game, Paul is protected by a ref who was BEHIND Paul and Dre and the result is 2 FTs and a 4 pt lead.... Seems like the LA treatment is not reserved only for the Lakers....  Seems like Nuggz will face one of the LA teams in the first round...hopefully they can over come the flops and star treatment that LaLa Land is blessed with.  like I said... gg otherwise and I would have been accepting of a hard fought loss...just sick of the refs deciding games  GO NUGGETS!!!
c5a1t3s::there were bad calls ALL GAME LONG, on both sides.  but calling that a foul on brewer..... wow.
sly86921::Wow you guys are worse than laker fans. At least they are arrogant and just talk about their championships. All nugget fans do is whine. You guys had 6 more free throws and 7 less fouls called on you. Yeah there were missed calls... BOTH ways! Why not blame your team for allowing the clippers to hit 14 3's!!! Wow cry some more why don't you
c5a1t3s::dude, a fan of BASKETBALL can see that call determined the ending of the game, stats irrelevant.    with the shot clock already turned off, the calls need to be correct, or reviewed.
The_ Roof::Allstar Floppers...CP3 and Snowblake Griffin. Lob City+Kim Jong Stern...Pathetic!
octavius9685::if blake was putting his balls on dudes shoulders, wearing your teams jersey, YOU WOULDNT GIVE A DAMN!!!
c5a1t3s::haha blake didn't have any of his over-the-back dunks last night.
b.ball_player28::CLIPPERS ARE GONNA BE KING OF LA.
diehardnr1::makes me kinda sorta want to root for the Lakers...but only in the LA derby
Andrew The Three Machine Bynum::flop city can suck a big fat one, where is lakerspotter? dammit i love that girl i should not get hammered and hop on here.
thenbatmm::is this cute? please support my brother for PROM contest! how was YOUR PROM??  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jW2rmEX5nLM
longhornsin2012::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching  the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that actually works because this system has really helped me to start winning finally
marat75::Griffin is the most overrated PF in the history of NBA.
The_ Roof::SnowBlake Griffin....Cousins was right on. Blake is hollywood what an actor.
1Realthing::Troll!
convolutedthought::lol..that was quite sad
sambecker1::yeah, it is sad.
sambecker1::as many times as you have been laid....which is none.  burned you!!!!
convolutedthought::lol...griffin sucks...how many times did he flop this time
sambecker1::you're an idiot.   you're just mad because he is in cool kia commercials. suck it.
GerardoE303::Flops and these corrupted as.s refs are killing the game.... Every ref in the NBA should be investigated...
sambecker1::what are you talking about? were hanging out tomorrow. don't question our friendship.
sambecker1::i know there is a period in the middle of the word, but you get the point.   you like men.
twodaysfast::You're just mad he didn't call you back sam.
sambecker1::that should say h.omo.
sambecker1::you should be investigated...for being a $@%!.
mmoore2144::Wow...are nuggets fans still crying on here?
c5a1t3s::haha "crying" is not the same as wanting the last 24 seconds of a game to be called correctly.  the shove down of andre, i'm okay with that (he flopped to try to get the call).  however, THAT play was right in front of the ref.  when cp3 flopped, that should have also been a no-call, especially because that ref, i assume, doesn't have clark kent vision.  don't say it's crying when really it's just wanting the last 24 seconds to be accurate.
longhornsin2012::I hope the Clips get the 3rd seed from the Lakers so I can watch Memphis just beat down on them Lakes in the first round
broncosrockiesnuggetsavs7620::CP3 is such a punk. NBA is a joke, refs were such crap in this game.
Stretch121092::Go watch the University of Colorado then.
twodaysfast::College basketball is done for the year smart guy.
marat75::Griffin is a fake PF.
MavsNation92::Mavs will beat Golden State on Friday to clinch a playoff spot and then tank the last 2 games. Mavs will allow the nuggets to move up in the standings so just keep winning Denver
Lakers241716::y do they want the thunder or spurs
MavsNation92::All Mavs fan were rooting for the Nuggets to win and they let us down
c5a1t3s::? Had denver won, mavs would have dropped a seed.  ?
JustineS04::We're sorry.
To many LeBron trolls::Denver has to play at Phoenix, OKC and Minny and Orlando at home. They could possibly lose 3 out of 4.
Zede51::or win 3 out of 4
Zede51::Theres no way we can have Gallo play like that and win.
knight_rider_2002::boy has the voice of the slippers opened up a can of worms
Captain Morgan.12::No team needs a sound clip to get motivated for the playoffs after what has been a hellish offseason AND regular season.
USISBEST::If the Grizz need a sound clip to get motivated then god help them.
USISBEST::So the voice of the Clippers dissed the Griz and the playoff series is between the Griz and the Clips which you will watch from your mom's basement. What are you so pumped about?
knight_rider_2002::I'm sure thats a devastating comeback in the breakroom at wal-mart
7BAUGHLLIN7::Highhooo Denveeerr haha
RockyMountainWay1::Well i think the Nuggets will miss the playoffs after that sweep and everything...Jazz will be the 7th seed and the Rockets the 8th.
c5a1t3s::great optimism.  but there was no sweep.  denver won game 2 of this series.
knight_rider_2002::Memphis is fired up for L.A...........especially after the dumb voice of the slippers said that Memphis beating San Antonio in the playoffs was a fluke
USISBEST::No idiot. He said Memphis wants to prove that the win over SA was not a fluke.
knight_rider_2002::way to look stupid
USISBEST::Out of context.
knight_rider_2002::you are pretty stupid.......considering the guys on the radio played the clip and even discussed how stupid his comment was
USISBEST::You heard it wrong dumba$$.
Stretch121092::Out of context.
knight_rider_2002::try again flunkie.....I heard the sound clip on espn radio
knight_rider_2002::Chris Paul tevo's drag race
broncosrocksnuggz::Nuggs beat phoenix and orlando to clinch the 7 seed
Stretch121092::And then lose to the Thunder
broncosrocksnuggz::That will be resting time
PadresChargersClippers::Somebody send me a video of the meanest dunk in the history of basketball by chris paul!!!
Tits_McGee_::Gallo should be deported after this game
knight_rider_2002::blake Griffin may make the cover of NBA Jam on Sega Genesis
Stretch121092::They are still making those?
imichalak2310::Grizzlies &gt; Clippers
gt1master_ike::2&gt; 1 2 being # of wins clips have vs the grizz. 1 being the # of wins grizz have vs the clips you do the math, patna.
Masai Ujiri::I say the Nuggs win the next 2 to clinch a spot
gary wheatley::they could Masi   Orlando will not have D Howard and the game is here.
b2msbro::Agreed
knight_rider_2002::fake Griffin is the most underated actor in Hollywood
NBAnuggets420::Fantastic skills? Dunking and rebounding? Yep he has fantastic skills
gary wheatley::dont forget cp3 either Knight
USISBEST::But he has FANTASTIC skills at basketball. No?
c5a1t3s::haha no.  he is an athlete that can dunk like a madman.  "skills" for a PF require a post game, mid-range game, basketball iq.  he's lacking to say the least. BUT HIS DUNKS ARE SICK!
gt1master_ike::How dare Chris Paul who has only dunked one other time this year attempt another dunk.
c5a1t3s::oh no doubt! super classy with 1 second left on the clock.  class class class.
Masai Ujiri::Clipper fans shouldnt be telling us to worry about the playoffs. Look at them before they had blake............
USISBEST::YEAH! The rafters at Pepsi center cannot bear the weight of all those Nuggets championship banners!!
gt1master_ike::Is this clown really boasting about division banners?  WOW
USISBEST::You mean one of thos banner years when the Clips whooped your a$$es in 5?
Stretch121092::I hope you don't reproduce
broncosrocksnuggz::you're RIGHT AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
Stretch121092::How mature, I bet you are well educated
broncosrocksnuggz::at least they have division title banners unlike the CLIPPERS AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Stretch121092::Look at the Lakers before they had Kobe. Look at the Nuggets before Melo. Look at the Celtics before Ray Allen and Garnett. Stupid Argument.
twodaysfast::Look at the Lakers before they had Kobe?  You're right, they were horrible.  I mean they only won 11 titles without him...
PadresChargersClippers::Clippers won, and Im not continuously whining.
Stretch121092::2006 we did, research please, I'm getting bored of these aguments
Masai Ujiri::well your on here too so.....
PadresChargersClippers::You dont have much to do, do you?
Masai Ujiri::you guys never made it to the playoffs
Millslapped::NUGGSHITS ARE TURRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
broncosrocksnuggz::Look at the standings idiot
broncosrocksnuggz::dont bet your phony mormon church on it
Millslapped::You guys will fall out soon enough
Masai Ujiri::better than the jazz
broncosrocksnuggz::Whos that?
Masai Ujiri::oh, i wish both of you grew up
Millslapped::I'm only trollin cause that stupid broncoroxnugg guy
knight_rider_2002::Lob city........where anything besides a dunk equals fail
Stretch121092::Yup, as a lifelong Clips fan this is the best year in a long time. I'll keep on pumpin and you guys can keep on crying about a dunk
Stretch121092::How about the 4th seed in the West?
PadresChargersClippers::Ill pump up the 4th seed all I want. Clippers havent had this type of season in a long time.
broncosrocksnuggz::nothing.Im not dumb enough to gloat about the 4 SEED .Only idiots are.
Stretch121092::What are you pumpin?
broncosrocksnuggz::lmao you PUMPIN UP THE 4 SEED.
broncosrocksnuggz::Classy by LA standards is Classless to the rest of the country
