Barrett Kauffman::ya that rookie sure did suck... only put up 30 pts 7reb and 8 ast
Socom Baptist::Burke #ROTY
Paul Schmidtlein::Trey Burke rookie of the year was in town tonight!!!!
Brian Bolger::I did not think 6-21 would constitute as playing good ball?
Jesse Hiatt::6-11 since the team has been healthy with all it's starters. Much better lately.
Jordan Smith::#SuckForWiggins
Kaleigh Saltsman::Trey Burke #1 rookie.
Eric Pawlowski::Orlando Sucks !
GianFranco DeZola::If the Magic lose against the sucky sucky Jazz tonight....THEY NEED TO SALE THE TEAM.....the jazz is the worst team in the NBA. No point guard no defense, etc
Brian Peterson::No point guard? He lit you up for 30, Bruh. Go home, you're drunk.
Edison Wiliski::Trey Burke is already a better point guard than Jameer Nelson.  I think the Magic are the worst team in the NBA.
GianFranco DeZola::The Magic are pathetic.... Do fans pay for their tickets or they hand them free...? bcs I won't pay a penny to go see a lousy team like that.
Jack Suenram::yeah tht lousy point had 16 in first half. and he's had all those years of nba experience....you think he'd do better...
Ruben Garzon::Meh we didn't have our leading scorer, but either way the more we lose the better we will be next year.
Joshua Nix::U guys no the magic only won 20 games last year, u guys saying the magic suck are just obvious idiots lmao
Nathan Richins::I dont follow the jazz but do they have more wins on the road this season than at home?
Mark Skinner::Victor totally outplayed by Burke. B10 flashback.
Bronson Gray::the jazz will have a better record than the magic at the end of the season.
Adam Harrison::Let the record show that I called Trey Burke being awesome.
Mark Mattson::man, if only the pistons had a GM smart enough to draft burke.
Marvin Garcia::Looking pathetic once again Magic!!!
Wild Silverback::Utah is playing much better right now.. I see a Jazz win.
Brian Peterson::#GoJazz still ballin' with the road dub!!
Matt Beggs::Derek Favors has been blocked about 5 times
Drizzlez Wang::well this sucks. r u cereal magic?
GianFranco DeZola::8=====D~~~ MAGIC
Joshua Nix::As a magic fan, go Jazz lol
Kenny Rowland::.
