Mad SammyBoy::I can see the Lakers keeping this one relatively close, considering the differences in talent on each roster.  FINAL SCORE: Dallas 185, Los Angeles 51
Tomas Rainbolt::Thank you for your insight, I'm sure everyone will keep it in mind when they're betting.
Megan Imgood Gonzales::..asshole..lakernatiion 4 ever..
Tray Day::this sammy idiot tries to so hard to be funny...this dude has no life now....he use to come on these boards ans sit here all day...now tht they r facebook comments he might as well kill himself.
Aaron Rooney::When Kobe heard that ESPN ranked him #25 he went out to his driveway, picked up a basketball, and calmly sank 9 of the 43 jump shots he took. He then dropped the ball, smiled confidently, and walked back inside.
Tomas Rainbolt::And you spent your whole day coming up with that, you sir have a sad life... I wasn't even going to mention the Clippers jersey in your pic that you wouldn't have even thought about publicly displaying 2 years ago.
Tray Day::whamp whamp...ur jokes suck
Ankur Gill::I saw this exact comment a couple days back on a different comment board. Originality is lacking my man... typical of a clipper fan though
Mad SammyBoy::According to extensive research, the Lakers are a massive joke, ya dig?
Tray Day::you suck at life.
Mad SammyBoy::Tray Day, you seem upset. Is everything alright?
Chris Bates::Tray Day lol why you so mad?? He's clearly trolling on purpose to get under your skin.
Aaron Rooney::How the hell did my Clips lose to such a horrible basketball team? Good lord the Lakers suck.
Eric Lopez::I really don't know. That is very sad loosing to the Lakers.
Eric Lopez::The Clippers will beat them down next time.
Amir Shirazi::Aaron and Eric , hahaha you both clowns sit on on the computer 24-7  You should know lakers are tanking this season , why they adding 3 stars next season in 2014  Now go cry and hold each other
Jeff Brown::The Lakers suck again, and you can just tell it will be a long time before they're ever good again. I just love the bandwagoning Faker fans (the worst in the country) being real sad because they'll miss the playoffs again. Lakers are old and Kobe is done. Bye bye Fakers
David Andaya Palafox::Keep drinking that haterade.
Tomas Rainbolt::what do you mean by miss the playoffs again? you say that like they missed last year. The Lakers have less bandwagon fans than most teams out there because they are a winning franchise. You are an idiot.
Albert Cruz::Sure Jeff, heard this whine before....lol
Eric Lopez::Hahahaha Lakers are getting beat down. That makes me laugh. They are garbage.
Anthony Martinez::If Lakers are garbage, I wonder what that makes the Clippers.
Sara Ercoli::Anthony Martinez  3-1
Anthony Martinez::Sara Ercoli  Don't worry they'll choke in the playoffs.
Michael Maiorano::if kobe was playing Lakers 131  Dallas 90 since he's not Lakers win by 7
Tyler Guest::haha okay...
Tomas Rainbolt::You make Laker fans look like idiots. Dallas is better than most figured they'd be so far and are the 3rd highest scoring team. Lakers need to play hard or they could get run out of the arena, and that's probably true of any Lakers road game this year.
Mike Gosselin::we got blown out on our only road game this year because it was a back to back and thompson scored 38 points. GS wasnt missing a shot. Wont always be the case.
Eric Lopez::Lakers will finish 2-80 this season...
Jaylan Marcus Blackshear::Pretty funny man
Amir Shirazi::And clippers will choke in playoffs it's a win win lol
Marlon Dunwell::Amir stop living in the past or the future. Eric is talking about this season, Your Lakers suck! This season and maybe many more to come
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Wanna hear a joke? The Lakers..
Kenny Lenz::lakers just need 2 good players and they will be good agin because they have kobe gasol and good back ups
Eric Lopez::LOL xD
Clay Wells::Kenny Lenz the Wizards only need 2 good players also. So does every other team in the NBA.
Mad SammyBoy::Boy, the Lakers are really sticking it to the Mavs, just like all the Laker-heads on this board said they would.
Shawn Bento::Dallas just continuing where they left off against the Lakers in the 2011 playoffs.
David C Hall::And what happened in the two years since???  Is that what passes for logic in Arkansas?
Shawn Bento::What do you mean what happened since?  Oh, you're referring to the bust that was the 12-13 Lakers who had championship aspirations?  LOL
Richard Thaxton::No, he means the Mavs only having one title in 40 years.
Travis Pavich::The Lakers would be 4-0 if the refs would stop screwing us. With that said, if the Lakers win, it guarantees us the 2014 NBA championship. If we lose, all Laker fans will fly to New York and wage war against the refs and David Stern. Lakers greatest ever. Kobe greatest ever. Guaranteed 2014 NBA champions.  Typical Laker Fans
Albert Cruz::You high Travis? You really sound stupid
Eric Lopez::Albert Cruz, that did sounded like a Lakers fan would of said. And the Lakers are still garbage. They still have a lot of work to do.
Amir Shirazi::Eric and yet you talk like a 12 year old
Clinton Kelley::There's no team I love seeing the Mavs whoop more than the Lakers.
Josh Jordan::I 2nd this
Aaron Her Na Dez::Lakers season is over... Go home.
David C Hall::After 5 games?  Are you a complete imbecile?
David Jacobs::LA lucky to win more than 35 games this year, and playoffs forget it. No, Kobe won't save you this year.
David C Hall::Been dipping into the Psychiatric meds again?
Kobe Vino::Lakers run the NBA!!!! Kobe Bryant forever!!
Eric Lopez::Yeah I agree with you that the garbage Lakers run the NBA... They are so good. That's why they got beat bad by the Warriors and that they are taking a beating by the Mavs...
Kenny Le::Eric Lopez yet they still shitted on the Clippers with just their bench...
Victor Aguilera::Kobe>finochio
John Beaney::Awesome. Rapists getting boat raced.
Jeff Brown::Lakers suck again, and grandpa Kobe isn't going to help much, so don't get your hopes up. I'll enjoy watching them struggle for a looooong, looooong time. Bliss
Michael Maiorano::grandpa?  the same kobe who was 3rd in the league in scoring and had a higher shooting % than james harden and wade last year...that guy?  nice try son
Kenny Lenz::they just need 2 good players and kobe will help a litte
Kenny Lenz::with kobe and with the back ups going good will help
Steven Anacker::Outrebounded 50 to 35? If only you had a big who was good at rebounding. Oh, right. You're all glad he's gone.
James Garcia::LMFAO Steve, you've been brutal to the D12 haters all week.
Desmond Powell::so what about pau thought he was the best skilled big man in the game
Anthony Armijo::Ya pau just needs to go he doesn't have it anymore just way too soft.
Paul Tergeist::Pau's Mike D'Antoni "secret weapon" from the 3 pt line
George Chip Thayer::How'd Kobe do in this one?   I don't see his stats anywhere.
Kenny Lenz::not funny
Michael Maiorano::he's hurt...as you know if he played he would of probably scored 50.  don't you remember that game where after 3 quarters he had 61 and dallas had 60 FACE son
Conni Turner Hanie::Its sad that Chris Kaman made moronic comments prior to the game and then showed no passion for the game.  of course this is the main reason he butted heads with Carlisle.  Listless uninspiring play!  Its amazing to me that guys that have a load of talent, waste it away with bad attitudes centering around excuses why they don't really want to play.
Eric Lopez::I am not going to bother watching this game. The Lakers are getting beat.... It's pretty sad. The Pelicans are better then the Lakers. I rather watch the Pelicans play. They can play better ball then the Lakers.
David C Hall::You aren't a Laker fan I guess
Eric Lopez::Nope.
David C Hall::Eric Lopez Then why the fk would I care whether you watch the Lakers or not?
Paige Rollins::5 games in and we are already declaring what the end of the season will look like? Come on now, you guys can't be this stupid. lol.
Anthony Martinez::Haha that's what I was thinking. The level of overreaction from most people is absurd.
Michal Wolfe::go back to school and learn some stats children...kids these days smh
Franz Atencia::At least the Lakers have got off to a better start than last year. Proves that Kobrick was the problem afterall
Jeremy Navarro::kobe is far from the problem, without him lakers would of never made the playoffs. plus lakers starters could really use him right now.the bench is out playing them almost every game
Franz Atencia::Probably not but no way he's going to be the fix of a Lakers defense that conceded 123 points to the Mavericks. Ouch!
Jeremy Navarro::Franz Atencia he might not, but he will sure boost the scoring with the starters. besides x and pau the starters cant shoot
