alexcheese27::Rubio with K Love and Pek on the floor = 2014 MVP  #WolvesNation
luvnbayes::I don't think that will be so crazy.  Of course as long as Lebron and Durant perform up to their standards no one else will be the MVP.  But i bet Rubio gets some top ten votes along the way if the Wolves play winning ball.  Because it will be obvious as to who makes them go.  (Rickey).
luvnbayes::I got the Milwaukee feed last night and Jon McGlocklin said early in the game "Rubio isn't that good defensively."  Wonder what he thinks eight steals later.  That makes the second announcing team's ignorance about Ricky, earlier this year Charlotte's announcers were saying that Rubio was a bad defender and were even chuckling about how bad he was.  Ricky had five steals that game, and just like last night, created havoc all game long.
luvnbayes::Like I have been saying since last year, if Rubio can become a decent shooter he will dominate this league.  The last six games he is living up to that.  4-2, 3 wins against playoff teams, and only he and Pekovic would start for most teams.  Get him a decent team to play with and Rubio will take them far.
milwaukeemonster2::Kev_010 - they are obviously better than the bucks whos stuck around .500  min -   (28-46, 10-27 away) mil -    (36-38, 20-19 home)  yep the wolves are def the better team...  *sarcasm*
milwaukeemonster2::bucks d was an embrassment...so many EASY pick and roll and back door baskets...  pekovic treated our post players like babies down there
Finnegan5033::It really sucks that the Wolves were completely derailed by injury this year. They are getting healthy and showing how well they can play even without Love. I know it is the same thing we all said heading into the season but they should be a playoff team next year if they can stay relatively healthy
MinniWolves90::Great team effort in this one. 33 assists?! That's fun to watch. What a coincidence, we get healthy and start playing much better. Can't wait until next year.  Just one thing, why does Dante feel the need to shoot <b>every time</b> he touches the ball. You can make the extra pass when you're having a night like this, DC.
htabbach::I did not see the game last night, was Williams bad? the stat line does not say so, why did DC play that much if he was not shooting well?
i-just-ate-a-whole-bag-of-chips::just give the Heat the trophy and get this lame NBA season over with
colobr731::Ah, remember when the Bucks played defense? This team is a freaking train wreck.
D4eden::No love from ESPN. Guy gets 8 steals and hits 5 consecutive threes. That should be worth a 20 second highlight no? His shot seems to be getting better.
rayd72::Same situation as last yr for the Wolves but totally different story. This yr the Timberwolves fight and show pride. Rubio is the true leader of this team.  Remember what happened last yr when Love was in charge?
doggbrown1::rubio shot well? wtf is going on
Bucks_fan_for_real.....::Ricky Rubio 2 turnovers away from a triple double.
Rumrunner66::almost a quadruple double
azviking101::8 steals doof
Shelton2622::Bricky Rubio? I think not.
____UVA____IS_A_GREAT_GUY_::Looks like we're gona get the 8th seed &amp; lose in the 1st Rd.  Dang.
MNkittenmittens::pek straight beasting
Jumeax::Pek-takular
Wisky Xtreme::Anyone remember when Jennings was talking about how much better he was than Rubio .....      All Talk Jennings...  Rubio schooled your A$$ and showed you how the 1 should be run...   Jennings your a hack...
Hottotrot23::Bucks are a joke. Rolled at home by the Twolves. Lol
mntwolvesvikingswild::wolves aren't as bad as you think
Kev_010::they are obviously better than the bucks whos stuck around .500
milwaukeemonster2::i think they are 28-46 bad...
HipHopJuice617 supports the Celtics::Thank you Timberwolves!!!
flexylexy9000::Because they beat the bucks...
RavensMNWild::Why? We beat the Celtics..
Corvington12::Are you serious? Ricky rubio should be talked about , He almost had a quad double .. the guy got 8 steals in a game!
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::"Breaking News: LeBron wiped with his left hand."  ESPN
BayAreaFan40::bucks=warriors the last 3 yrs
Bucks_fan_for_real.....::Except they making the playoffs
brebur19::Sometimes I feel like the Bucks don't want a playoff spot...
dogs::u a wild fan?
mntwolvesvikingswild::hi dogs
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::I am.
Ragnarisboss::I don't understand why rubio gets more credit and spotlight than pekovic
Bhens87::Both deserve but Ricky makes other players better with his passing.  He also has to be the most improved player on the team this year as well.  If he plays at a level like he did tonight the Wolves are in solid shape for the future.
adam2121::They both deserve some attention, but it all stems from the draft.  T-Wolves drafting PGs every year and whether Ricky would even agree to come here was big news that is still carrying over.  I do hear good things from visiting broadcasters on Pek during games though.
kcthoj::Where's the highlight video for this game? Who gives a crap about larry sanders!
Cynical Dog::I like Larry Sanders a lot, and I'm a Wolves fan. But, yeah. How about a highlight video for the freaking game?
Mano Dura::Oh man what happened? How do we lose when Erysan gets 29?
Mano Dura::Dump Ellis and Jennings, just have reddick run the backcourt
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::Lol.
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::Our bricklaying backcourt shot 13-34.
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::yay Wolves :)
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::With Rodgers, Matthews, and Raji getting their extensions, the Packers drafting will be more important than ever.
Minnysota Vikings::Do you want them to draft Eddie Lacy like alot of analysts think they will? It seems like the Pack using a 1st rounder on a RB when they have Rodgers is kind of a waste.
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::adam2121 - Didn't the Pack sign a FA RB?  I thought I recalled them signing a veteran big name but I could be wrong.  Cedric Benson last year.
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::Harris showed some promise. But RB will really help the Pack if the offensive line is mediocre. I'd try to improve that and get a S before getting another RB.
adam2121::Didn't the Pack sign a FA RB?  I thought I recalled them signing a veteran big name but I could be wrong.
Minnysota Vikings::I personally like that Harris guy that played last year. He's kinda slippery. I think Barrett Jones would be a nice pick for the Pack.
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::I'd want them to take the best offensive lineman or defensive end available. You can always find a good RB in the later rounds.
GaspoMinnyFan981::999 for adelman
thewolf1616::RICKYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY RUBBBIIIOOOO
FuzzySchWartzZ::Rubio made Jennings eat crow.
usman0001::Good win T-wolves.  Hope to see you guys in playoffs in next few years and make some noise.
mark3610::The bucks are lucky the sixers suck or they would be in a world of trouble in the playoff race
sportsfan0315::Perkovic has to be the strongest player in the league
Kirby.Urbatsch::we're talking about accents right?
cartercandy233::I heard he was raised by bears in the hills of Montenegro.
MAHOGMA66::He was bared by raisins.
sportsfan0315::Straight outta planet Krypton
Sir Mittens the ninth::Pekovic is the strongest player in the NBA.
Kirby.Urbatsch::He almost killed Superman
Encaladitos::he eats alot of red meat.
cartercandy233::Ricky Rubio will mess around and get a quadruple-double one day.
adam2121::And he may not even need (to pass to) his AK.  That will be a good day.
gnett4prez::Just two steals and two TOs short!
Minnysota Vikings::Since we have the Minnesota and Wisconsin people in here, let's talk about how much of a d-bag Jay Cutler is.
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::He has menstrual issues 365 days a year.
HungryGhostCat::He is such a baby
HungryGhostCat::To the wild board!
chris johnson 558::jj redick +4  jennings -11  - play jennings your coach is an idiot
Minnysota Vikings::Rubio is the league leader in steals per game now.
D4eden::Per game is better.
jltheory27::no he isnt. i love the guy but conley leads the league with 160 steals rubio has like 120.
Minnysota Vikings::I meant per game. I'll change the post so it's less confusing.
Erik76290::He's a thief!
vegasbuster10::I wonder if Jennings still thinks he's better than Rubio lol
BasketHasMagic::Isn't R.Rubio the player of the game for Minesora? 19/4/12/8  Awesome.  If only he improves his awful ( Hideus ) SHOOT...  He's a big defender, he runs the break points very well and he's good at breaking defences
wunderrr::today is not the right time to argue about his shot
Encaladitos::Still an issue, might be awhile before he hits 5 3s again.
Kirby.Urbatsch::he needs to work on his acting
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::I have much respect for the cat people after this game.
PoRtEr_24::We're not so bad :)
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::A civil fanbase is a hard to come by in these boards.
Kirby.Urbatsch::I didn't know you could get a bye in the first round in the NBA
J-Tjuan::I am still wondering why everyone who's team is horrible would rather have a high draft pick instead of an almost great team.  The way the NBA is set up, no number draft pick would stay with a small market team too long.  But, maybe the new CBA will change it (hopefully).
greenbaypackerstv2::thank god baseball has started
greenbaypackerstv2::this team has become pathetic i hope they lose by 30 points each game in playoffs
Minnysota Vikings::Pek had a great game because when he heard they were playing the Bucks, he got hungry for some venison.
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::Lol
FSoccer::Minny would be in the playoffs this year if they stayed 100% healthy
cartercandy233::If only minnesota played like they have this last week,all year..
MNsportsfan77::It is just the Bucks.  Although the last couple of weeks have been pretty good.
PK009::A rubio and steph curry backcourt with love as stetch 4 and pek in the middle would be a hard team to matchup with yes yall messed up big time with johnny F-ing flynn
carl006_1999::Curry refused to work out for the T wolves.  Why draft a player who does not want to give Mn a try?
FuzzySchWartzZ::Majority of us wanted Curry.  However David Kahn always thinks he is smarter than everybody else.
CamNewtonRising::Monta Ellis was porous tonight
