JohnnyZ::I was watching the game on WGN - it was awesome! I'm a Pistons fan from waaay back,  and Detroit Bad Boys had their era in the late 80's / early 90's (which wasn't long enough)  then the Bulls stole their crown (because of you know who) and then Detroit won it all in 04. Unfortunately right after the title we sunk pretty quickly, as that's how it is for teams/cities such as Detroit - the superstars don't want to sign for them. Anyway, hopefully we're on an upswing now, and as I've said before - I'll always put my trust in Joe Dumars. He was a great player, and has done a pretty good job in the office as well. He put the team together in '04 that got us another title, and is taking us back in that direction again.
another1::Tanks for the memories.  A lot of talent coming out.
another1::Now trade Deng and lottery is official.
RC::taj gibson is a baller...him, boozer & noah made it tough on detroits front line but when dunleavy plays 30+ minutes, your team is probably going to lose that game.
KMike::Drummond is 20 years old. According to Joe Dumars, "just think how good he'll be when he learns how to play basketball" He's already pretty scary to me. Chicago, it ain't getting any easier from here on out. No Rose and an off night for Boozer, which helped Detroit immensely. But Piston fans have no sympathy.
Anton::I always knew Deng was also another injury bum #$%$ like Rose. Last year he make up this excuse like he had spinal tap so he quit on his team to be not embarrassed by LeBron. Deng is a bigger quitter than Rose. And a choker too.
Larry::Playing without Deng and winning- amazing. Bulls GM just has to come to a firm decision as to the future of this team- there is still talent and heart on the roster.
Hooch::Both of these teams have recent wins over the Heat, however the game is in Chicago and that will decide it.  The Bulls will win by double digits.   Detroit is going in the right direction and will keep getting better.
Omar::hoped Detroit will win 45 games.
PKM::If Deng doesn't play I think the Bulls are in trouble.
