JLinNASA::Jeremy, we found that contract that we wanted to offer you.  Will you sign now?  -NY Knicks
Jackiemoonsexy::As far as I remember it was Jordan used to owned the garden but now it is Lin! This is just insane and unbelievable.
Ismael0627::I missed the game, looks like Lin scored his 3rd 20+ points this season, but darn it, he's close for a double or triple double....  This is how Houston is suppose to play....  EDIT: Did Melo even give up this game again?
ChrisL1120::Melo is 85% ready.  Tyson fragrant foul.
NguyenDragon::Good things happens when Lin is aggressive... Too bad he is so damn passive on the court with Harden most of the time...
Ismael0627::Nope, he's injured again.....
Ismael0627::Without Melo, this team need to depend on Tyson. I don't see it on the highlights.....=/   Woodson about to re adjust the rotation now.
thinctanc::"A sellout crowd that included swimsuit model Kate Upton -- who was on one fewer Sports Illustrated covers than Lin last February."  I don't exactly know why, but this is really goddamn funny to me.
JLinNASA::She is looking for the next hot athlete.  Mark Sanchez has been tanking.
NguyenDragon::She must like basketball... It seems like she goes to games often...
NMainguy10::Jerery Rin played reary good rast night!
dmotomd::Oh, I love those attempts at racist humor.  I'm glad that Jeremy's English was good enough to get him into Harvard, as was his 800 math SAT score.  Maybe if you get a chance to meet him you can try your fake accent, I'm sure he will get a big kick out of that.
George7844::Yeah, boy !!!!  He arso wants to know how you riked rosing to the Lockets trice in a row !!!
tungcn2010::Melo's 1st five years with the Nuggets = all 1st round playoff exits Melo's 2 years with Knicks = all 1st round playoff exits  Knicks fans still have 3 more years of 1st round disappointments ahead.
NewAges::Knicks fans are masturbating themselves with excuses....
George7844::<b>OMG !!! I HAD THE WEIRDEST DREAM LAST NIGHT !!! I DREAMED THAT WE GOT "OWNED" BY THE HOUSTON ROCKETS FOR THE SECOND TIME IN A ROW !!!  WHEW, I SURE AM GLAD IT WAS ONLY A DRE.....................~~~~~~~~~  OH, WAIT..........................  !!!!!!  -R FELTON</b>
YaImFromCleveland::YaImFromCleveland  Knicks blow out Heat for 2 games, Knicks are better     Rockets blow out Knicks for 2 games, um.. Knicks are still better....????  2 fans like this.    ------------------------------------    Knicks beat the Heat, but the Knicks have the best record in the East, therefore, Knicks are better than the Heat  Rockets beat the Knicks, but the Rockets are a 500 team, so yeah Knicks are still better than Rockets  I thought Asians were smart, I guess I was wrong  -------------------------  Racist
George7844::HAR, HAR, HAAAAAAAR  !!!!!  I SURE WOULD LIKE TO KNOW WHEN THE "BETTER" TEAM IS GONNA EKE OUT A WIN OVER THOSE INFERIOR ROCKETS !!!!!                HAR, HAR, HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAR !!!!
elguapo195::Yea, we're dumb.  You feel better?
Lilrob10201713::Harden is the 2nd best SG in the NBA right now.
here2win08::he's not playing SG though... he's running the point at the expense of Lin's production.
BlaedeNZ::Knicks got beat down Gangnam style. This Lin is like a maniacal samurai kamikaze from the rising sun!!! He locked down the Knicks harder than the Hanoi Hilton!!! He packed more weight than King Kamehameha!!!! This kid is the Philippine Phenomenon!!
Oscar Robertson::Jeremy Lin is the Babe Ruth of the NBA.
sportsfan1014::more like Jackie Robinson I would say
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::As far as the Amare comments go, we still haven't seen him and Melo with a full offseason together.  I admit Melo plays better at the 4 than the 3, but if Amare can come off the bench, he really doesn't have to do anything but play better than Sheed for this team to continue to be successful.
Ontario925::He is a cancer to the team.
Ontario925::Amare also has an attitude problem that can disturb even a good teams function. Breaking your hand punching fire estinguishers or whatever like Kevin Brown with one month left in the season before postseason not work well with any teams success future having jerks like him screw up their team mode.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::what have you seen out of him besides the fire extinguisher that would make you say he has an "attitude problem"?  If you saw a friend get drunk once in life, would you call them an alcoholic?
garnolfini::Amare is now a face up jump shooter. Which means iso. On second unit with JR Smith (also iso).
garnolfini::Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise - that was the whole point of working with Hakeem all offseason (back to basket player)  I hope it works!
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::that was the whole point of working with Hakeem all offseason (back to basket player)
AlphaBeta123::geez Isola is a loser.  Wtf is he talking about?  Stop talking.  His writing is as bad as his face.
garnolfini::Writer for NY Daily News says it all. He's best known for photobombing every chance he gets
.New_York_For_The_Win.::Knicks &gt; Spurs Heat &gt; Thunder Bulls &gt; Clippers
Ontario925::This applies to both Rockets and Knicks fans. A whole regular NBA season about which conference or team that is better is not determined by only November and December. I thought their were 4 months to play after that. Spurs fans bragged about being NBA champions in January last year. How did that work out for them in the postseason?
Ontario925::The Thunder are probably the only team that might finish as consistently as the Lakers teams a couple years ago that won back to back NBA championships. There has not been a repeating defending NBA champion since the Lakers. Before that the Bulls.
AlphaBeta123::then current standings don't mean much either...
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::I'm not trying to take any credit away from Houston.  A good win is a good win.  But some of you are pretending to be excited about a 12-12 record as though you wouldn't trade it for 18-6.  Yes we got blown out by Houston twice.  Yes the East sucks.  But we're also doing all of this without an All-star PF, AND one of the 10 best (if not higher) perimeter defenders in the league (courtesy of Bruce Bowen). Kudos to HOU and Lin for a great game, but I'm happy as a Knicks fan right now
Ontario925::The Knicks need to go younger. They will not be able to compete winning in a series against teams like the Thunder and Grizzlies when Dolan keeps bringing old players with just a couple years left of playing in their careers. That is the same serious problem with the Yankees future right now. Too many old players not enough very good developed young players like they did right in the early 90s after George Steinbrenner was suspended for 3 years.
AlphaBeta123::bravo, finally a gracious comment.  Considering they're the youngest team in the league, 12-12 isn't bad.  It's not like they have any expectations placed on them this year.  For Knicks it's championship or bust.
AlphaBeta123::Amare is healthier than Pau but he also can't work with Melo on the court (big surprise).  Change of scenery would do him good.  Same applies for Pau but he's so damn risky.  Can he even stay on the court for a full season?
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::@garnolfini No, No, and NOOOOO! lol.  Gasol is SOFT, and his knees aren't going to get better with a change of scenery.  Amare has proven he can play (broke the Knicks record for most consecutive 30point games)...what records has Pau broken?
garnolfini::AlphaBeta123 - trade of soft players?  Knicks need another big. Gasol won a game 7 in NBA finals when Kobe flamed out, hardly soft. D'Antoni doesn't want him.
AlphaBeta123::trade of soft players?
garnolfini::That is true about the Knicks. That's why they need to trade Amare for LAL Gasol.
garnolfini::Knickerbockers miss Shump worst of all.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::not neccessarily.  This isn't a video game, payers check other players out of position all the time.  Not to mention Shump plays SG and PG.
AlphaBeta123::^ exactly.  Btw, everyone who is saying Shump would've stopped Lin are basically saying Felton couldn't do anything.  Do people finally realize it's not always a battle of PG's? Other defenders come into play as well...
garnolfini::Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise - exactly.  You think Lin would've looked like "Linsanity" with Shumpert covering him last night?  Or would he have gone "Linsane" trying to get open?  Shump would be on Harden, not Lin
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::exactly.  You think Lin would've looked like "Linsanity" with Shumpert covering him last night?  Or would he have gone "Linsane" trying to get open?
.New_York_For_The_Win.::West team suffer against East teams 2 of the 4 Thunder losses have been to East teams 3 of the 6 Clippers losses have been to East teams See the best team in the West  dominate the West but have some trouble when they play against East teams
garnolfini::9-2 vs East and two blow out wins against the current #1 in the East.
AlphaBeta123::and yet Rockets are 9-2 against the East...uhh.....
hawkman2k13::Benji Wilson is a legend
.New_York_For_The_Win.::Knicks beat the Spurs on the road  West isn't as tough as you think
Ontario925::Lets also be real Alpha in another important area. Only the Thunder and Grizzlies are better than the East Conference. Whoever else is going to be better than the East Conference has to eliminate the Thunder or Grizzlies. Does that answer your question skippy?
AlphaBeta123::not the Spurs?  Don't even start worrying about the West until the Knicks can beat the Heat 4 times in the playoffs skippy
garnolfini::Blown out by Griz. 0-2 vs Rockets. Haven't played the Thunder, who present similar problems for the Knicks as the Rockets.
AlphaBeta123::lol, tougher than the East let's be real.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::Call me when Houston's record = a positive number value  12-12 vs 18-6
AlphaBeta123::Call me when the Knicks have a lopsided win-loss record for the West.
garnolfini::12-12 youngest team in NBA missing their coach for a month 9-2 vs East  Not bad at all.
AlphaBeta123::just like how the Knicks got spanked both times by the Rockets?  Btw, Melo played in the first one and that score was even worse.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::I like how you are ignoring the fact that we beat the reigning champs by 20 TWICE, and with their starters in
AlphaBeta123::^ I like how you ignore the Conference strength because you can't say anything about it
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::9th in the Conference at full health VS 1st in the conference minus 2 starters (3 starters some games)   Not that good at all either
rEdBuLxTaSy::CALL ME WHEN MELO DOES THIS IN THE PLAYOFFS --&gt;  9/10 1ST ROUND PLAYOFF EXIT :):):)
.New_York_For_The_Win.::YaImFromCleveland Knicks blow out Heat for 2 games, Knicks are better    Rockets blow out Knicks for 2 games, um.. Knicks are still better....???? 2 fans like this.  ------------------------------------  Knicks beat the Heat, but the Knicks have the best record in the East, therefore, Knicks are better than the  Heat Rockets beat the Knicks,  but the Rockets  are a 500 team, so yeah Knicks are still better than Rockets I thought Asians were smart, I guess I was wrong
Ontario925::Well the Knicks have defeated the Mavericks and Spurs which are better teams than the Rockets so your answer idiot troll fails.
AlphaBeta123::lmao and the Rockets spanked the Knicks both times, a supposedly "better" team so your answer idiot child fails.
Ontario925::The Knicks were 2-13 from '03-'04 to '11-'12 against the Rockets before Lin joined them. Plus the Rockets had 2 wins and 7 losses this season on the road before last nights game. I would not say that makes the Rockets a better team than a 10-0 home team and 18-5 team. Just ignorance I would say.
AlphaBeta123::you're completely disregarding the strength of each Conference.  Just ignorance I would say.  Knicks are 12-2 against the East, Rockets are 9-2....does that tell you anything? hmm....
AlphaBeta123::Knicks also play in the weak East.  Rockets are 9-2 vs. the East.  I wonder what their record would be if they were East also...
rEdBuLxTaSy::NO YOU'RE ACTUALLY DUMB AND THIS PROVES IT:  ROCKETS 2-0 KNICKS :):):)
garnolfini::Rockets are 9-2 vs the East. Not too shabby.
always_wins_at everything::Look for Melos magic season start to unwind when he comes back from his rest....its only december...he will be back to his chucking days soon
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::Spoken with hate that can't be taught...its in your blood
garnolfini::Melo is an efficient scorer now. Look at the stats.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::I didn't learn anything from last night that I didn't already know.  Lin has his best games without Melo around...
MikeInTheKeys::Melo lost to the Rockets in November by 28 and made Chuck Parsons looks like an All-star
garnolfini::Chandler
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::its a joke. He played well in NY until Melo came back. Now he has a good game in NY, but Melo didn't play...    Seriously tho, Lin is an avg player who at times can look great. But with enough tape on him, he's a non factor...
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::its a joke.  He played well in NY until Melo came back.  Now he has a good game in NY, but Melo didn't play...  Seriously tho, Lin is an avg player who at times can look great.  But with enough tape on him, he's a non factor
rEdBuLxTaSy::AND THEY'RE SG'S NOT PG SO WHAT'S YOUR POINT AGAIN LOLOLOLOLOL???? :):):)
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::Melo and LBJ avg more than 12 and 6 their rookie seasons too, so what's your point lol?
rEdBuLxTaSy::AND THIS IS LIN'S FIRST FULL YEAR AS A STARTER IN A COMPLETELY NEW SYSTEM WITH NEW TEAM SO WHAT'S YOUR POINT AGAIN?  :):):)
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::It says he's not that good.  I get what your saying, but teams "focus" on melo, LBJ, (insert superstar who makes $8mil per yr here) all the time...they don't avg 12 and 6 tho
rEdBuLxTaSy::AND ANYONE CAN BE A NON FACTOR IF THERE'S ENOUGH TAPE ON THEM AS WELL SO WHAT'S YOUR POINT?  I GUESS TEAMS FOCUSING ON LIN SAYS ALOT ABOUT THE KID :):):)
garnolfini::Melo wouldn't defend Lin though.
always_wins_at everything::melo can't defend Lin
Dengue-Fever::What happened to fat a$$ Felton last night??
garnolfini::Felton got punked in his own house of pancakes.
army of bono::6' 1" 205 lbs is fat?
army of bono::In Portland last season?  Yes.  WIth the Knicks this season?  No.
MikeInTheKeys::No, him eating on the bench shows that he's fat.
Dengue-Fever::really??..you don't see that gut dude?
army of bono::That he's not fat...
Dengue-Fever::.what does that prove??..
always_wins_at everything::Jeremy Lin owns the garden!!
Ontario925::The Rockets have owned the Knicks long before Lin joined them. They were 2-13 from '03-'04 to '11-'12 against the Rockets before Lin joined them.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::As long as Melo isn't there, yeah lol
MikeInTheKeys::Melo was on the Knicks when Rockets beat them in November and beat them worse than they did last night.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::lol thanks, but I would've rather seen that game against a 100% healthy Knicks team
always_wins_at everything::good name....Lin will always own the garden as long as he is in the NBA
Ontario925::If they have trouble with the Rockets they will have trouble with the Thunder who play a similar system but even better. The Knicks have not faced them yet. The Grizzlies and Thunder are better than the Rockets. The Knicks with their old players need to win it all this year.
army of bono::How incredibly insightful.   Didn't realize that two of the best teams in the WC are better than the .500 Rockets.
rEdBuLxTaSy::KNICKS ARE A ONE DIMENSIONAL TEAM...THEY'RE NOT BUILT FOR ALL-TERRAIN MODE :):):)
Rocket McFadden::spectacuwar!
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::"Cricket.....Cricket....(Distant single *clap*)....Cricket"
Ontario925::I'm still not ready to classify the Heat as the East Conferences next 90s Bulls type of team. The Bulls used to eat through one regular season after another. The Heat just seem weaker already this season. More like the East Conference '89 and '90 Pistons but not as good as the East Conference '91 to '93 and '96 to '98 Bulls teams.
Ontario925::I'm just replying in response to a Cleveland person who mentioned about the Heat. If the Heat are the best the East Conference has then there is not much they have stacked against the Thunder in the Finals. The Heat look worse this season. The Thunder look more experienced,hungry,determined and improved to win it all.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::There is no team as good as that bulls team.  OKC would really be the closest, just because of the age of their best players, and the potential with those 2 together for yrs to come...but they have to win some rings first before that can even be a conversation
crtech39::ESPN questions weather the NYK made a mistake in letting Lin go but that's just ridiculous the Knicks are 18-6 and a serious threat to the Heat re-peat and HOU is 12-12. Felton is avg 16 ppg to Lin just 11ppg  If the Knicks had Lin on as a PG instead of Felton they wouldn't be at the top of the East Right now even with Melo having an MVP season
rEdBuLxTaSy::THAT'S THE SAME AS SAYING WITHOUT LIN LAST SEASON, THE KNICKS WOULDN'T EVEN BE IN THE PLAYOFF LOL :):):)
garnolfini::Felton is missing almost 12 shots per game over his last 10. He's regressed.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::not to mention when Amare comes back, he'll be taking even less shots
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::Melo has missed a decent amt of those 10 too tho.  He hasn't regressed, he's just doing too much
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::Even more interesting is that everyone who didn't see the summer league games is now witness to yet another "diamond in the ruff" pickup by the Knicks, in Chris Copeland
Jazzpaws1474::You mean Brittany Griner?
rEdBuLxTaSy::"OH HELL NO...AIN'T NO WAY ANOTHER BENCHWARMER TAKING MY SPOTLIGHT AGAIN!"  ~~ meLO  :):):)
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::lol, lets just hope that isn't the case.  It doesn't bode well for Amare though, so STAT is going to have to look pretty serious when he gets back
YaImFromCleveland::Knicks blow out Heat for 2 games, Knicks are better  Rockets blow out Knicks for 2 games, um.. Knicks are still better....????
Ontario925::The Thunder are very similar to the Rockets in that area. The Knicks have not played the Thunder yet.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::12-12 &gt; 18-6  .......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................I'm just waiting for this math to make sense...............................................................................................
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::No, the Knicks aren't better than either. Neither are they. Children debate that. It's who is hot at the right time. You go by what you see. Good thing is the Rockets aren't in the East, but the Heat are. Get it. Rockets probably aren't going to the Finals this year so who care about them?
garnolfini::Knicks don't match up well against a team with two athletic, mobile guards. Miami doesn't have that at the moment.
rEdBuLxTaSy::SSHHH, DON'T SAY THAT...YOU'LL CONFUSED THEM :):):)
rEdBuLxTaSy::NO NO WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU?  LONELY?  DESPERATE?  :):):)
army of bono::"mind you?"   Wtf is wrong with you?
rEdBuLxTaSy::I'M GLAD I GOT YOUR ATTENTION...MIND YOU?  :):):)
army of bono::You have a strange obsession with caps lock and using the past tense inappropriately.  You might need(ed) to see a shrink  Oh and Jeremy Lin.
reem116::James Harden is the real star for the Rockets, so please stop with the little drummer boy already!
YaImFromCleveland::As much as I hate Lebron and the Heat, I'm man enough to admit that they are the only ones getting thru in the east.
garnolfini::No reason for a Cavs fan to hate LeBron. He brought you to the finals.
Ontario925::They don't look as good this season. Yet the Thunder look better this season. The Thunder are underestimated by East Conference team fans.
army of bono::No they aren't.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::2 20-point blowouts can't just be ignored or written off as "give away games", especially when 1 was without 2 starters, and the other without 3...  I agree MIA is still the team to beat, but NY going 7 games and winning the last wouldn't surprise me at all
army of bono::It's December.  Nobody knows what teams will look like come March.
army of bono::Not counting on anything moron.  I'm saying very clearly...nobody knows what's going to happen.  Not rocket science here.
YaImFromCleveland::So Knicks fans are counting on Lebron getting injured to make it past the heat? lol
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::TWO 20 point blowouts
army of bono::Ever hear of injuries?
YaImFromCleveland::I know Lebron will still be signed with the Heat come March.
Ontario925::I don't harbor any hate against Lin or the Rockets. I don't like losing to any team but if there is any teams I hate seeing win the most in the NBA it is the Lakers and Heat.
reem116::Both teams will be making noise in the Playoffs, yet don't sleep on the Knicks and as for Lin, no hate, he is just getting too much attention for someone who isn't even a perennial All Star in the making. 1 maybe 2, nothing more and those will be by fan votes, not coaches!
jayndsun::I think Lin fans=Tebow fans?  both fan bases are delusional and down right evangelistic in their following of these players!
garnolfini::No correlation.
YaImFromCleveland::who cares how people follow sports entertainment, its entertainment
rEdBuLxTaSy::SAS IS ANOTHER AL SHARPTON IN DISGUISE...THOSE GUYS ARE COMPLETE IDIOTS TRYING TO SOUND SMART IN AN EVER CHANGING WORLD :):):)
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::OK, YOU are Don Imus, no???
walle D_ D::Stephen A. Smith is a racist and everybody knows it, when Gallinari played well for the Knicks, he didn't say crap, but Carmelo comes over and now he's the greatest player on the greatest team ever, his outburst against lin, just add to it. How can he call some one a scrub when he roots for a team that hasn't won a championship in 40 years. I've got nothing against the Knicks but come on man.
reem116::He's no bigger racist than Fox News :/
garnolfini::fact
walle D_ D::True othing tops that
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::So?...... Don IMUS, is this you?
walle D_ D::nope, a normal rockets fan
reem116::Oh yeah I forgot about Mr. Nappy headed hoes, lol
.New_York_For_The_Win.::He didn't call Lin a scrub
ChrisL1120::He keep saying Lin is not a scrub, which is his way of saying Lin is almost a scrub.  If Lin is not, why SAS need to bring it up every time.
garnolfini::Gallo was no Melo though.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::He actually has (somewhat of) a good explanation for Love.  We all know Love is the best PF in the league, but his team has no significant wins to show for that fact.  The difference between a "star" and a "superstar" is the ability to lift your team to wins singlehandedly...  I'm not saying I agree neccessarily, but he does make a good point
walle D_ D::just saying he will support all the black athletes, and call anyone else scrubs, I cant believe he thinks Kevin Love isn't a super star.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::Gallo &gt; Melo = Hell No
.New_York_For_The_Win.::No worries. The Knicks will bounce back
reem116::That simple homey!
rEdBuLxTaSy::THE MOST HILARIOUS THING I KEEP HEARING FROM OBSESSED LIN HATERS ARE THAT THEY DON'T HATE LIN BUT JUST HIS FANS.  IF THAT WAS REALLY THE CASE, THERE WOULD BE NO NEED FOR ANY DISCUSSION PERIOD!    P.S. GOTTA LOVE THE DELUSIONAL TWISTED MINDS OF OBSESSED LIN HATERS :):):)
reem116::Like I said, you both SUCK!
rEdBuLxTaSy::OOPS DID I JUST EXPOSED ANOTHER DELUSIONAL KNICKS FAN LOL??? :):):)
army of bono::Are you seriously calling someone else a troll captain caps lock?
rEdBuLxTaSy::SAYS THE TROLL WHO COULDN'T POST A SERIOUS RETORT :):):)
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Your posts are really mindless. But whatever helps you
reem116::LIN SUCKS LIKE YOUR DRINK!
rEdBuLxTaSy::WTF IS THAT SUPPOSED TO EVEN MEAN HAHA??? :):):)
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Yeah, I just said that. You look dumber by the post
WOOPZZZ::you know lin doubters and cynics still doubting him mainly cuz he aint black. if he was black, they'd all jump on his bandwagon. FACT.
reem116::1 BAD GAME???? Real talk, he is MR. TURNOVER!
D-Rey-D::geez yall saying lin a turnover machine, yet harden turns the ball over worse than lin and yet no1 points that out.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Dumb, if he was Black he would simply be Monta Ellis, or Brandon Jennings. No one would tal about him. Instead of saying cause he ISN'T Black how about saying he is talked so much about cause he IS Asian. Get it?
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Rondo doesn't shoot because he can't. He had a Bad game after everyone realized he couldn't dribble left, or defend well. T.O. Machine forgot about that huh? What are his stats THIS YEAR???
WOOPZZZ::he had 1 bad game against miami and people like you write him off. is he the only nba player with a bad game and against a top team? and he's not playing pg on rockets team. coaches making everyone defer to harden and lin's being made into a spot up shooter. how would rondo do as a spot up shooter?
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::How many times he scored 20 since? How did he do against Miami, once they had tape? How did he do against Dallas the SECOND time after THEY had tape? What are his numbers this year?
WOOPZZZ::how many black players scored over 20 points in their first 7 nba games?
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Man stop. Look up stats. How many Black players have his stats that we talk about? How many players had a continent watching? Just stop
WOOPZZZ::people would take him more seriously if lin was black. you and i and stephen a smith and everyone knows it. FACT.
.New_York_For_The_Win.::The fact here is, the New York Knicks will continue winning Meanwhile the Rockets...
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::LOL, did we lose? Heck yeah...bad? heck yeah....it's 2 games and they are in the West. It's over and we STILL have the best record in the East
.New_York_For_The_Win.::Exactly
YaImFromCleveland::Cavs fans bashed Lebron when he returned.  Trust me Knicks fans, you haven't earned the right to bash Lin.
Ontario925::I don't think every Knicks fan was bashing Lin. Unfortunately the ignorant racist jerks make it look very bad on all Knicks fans.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Cause Cleveland got a ring?
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::There isn't really a need to bash a scrub.  If anything, he did us a favor
Money ball...::most underrated song just found it... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6LbIagFqm8
rEdBuLxTaSy::LIN COULD EASILY DO 18 PPG 8 AST WITHIN 1-2 YEARS.  HIS UPS AND DOWNS ARE DUE TO POOR COACHING, NOT UTILIZING HIM TO HIS STRENGTH AND PLAYING HIM OUT OF HIS NORMAL POSITION.  YET THE OBSESSED LIN HATERS WILL SUGGEST OTHERWISE AND IGNORED THE FACTS :):):)
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::LOL, This post is dumb. There are no Lin haters. It's the fans that make him God that we hate. He isn't on the Knicks so why do we keep hearing about him all year? THAT is where it comes from. He just isn't THAT good.
army of bono::It's the people that don't really like basketball that keep bringing him up.  They like Lin, not the game.  So annoying.
WOOPZZZ::he's not that good but scored 38 against lakers, 38 against spurs. if only all nba players can be not "that good".
WOOPZZZ::he's not playing pg most rockets games. harden is playing point.
Money ball...::most underrated song just found it... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6LbIagFqm8
cmurphy2994::It seems that most non-Knick fans need to bring up ancient history for desperate self-assurance
Ontario925::I think the Knicks can beat every team in the East Conference. Now the Bulls especially in Chicago is where the Knicks need to solve beating which they have had trouble losing 19 of their last 20. But I think they can beat the Heat.
Ontario925::It has been a very longtime since Starks and Ewing left the Knicks. It has been that long since the Knicks made it past the first round of the postseason which was the last year Ewing played on the Knicks team in 2000.
Ontario925::They got to be very careful how they evaluate their goal. How high they set the bar. They need more good young talent brought in each year. The old guys are not going to be around on the team much longer. If they blow it this Spring the door of oppurtunity closes even more in future years. Just like the Yankees big problem in the next 6 years. Not enough very good young players.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::thats the same for every team not named OKC, isn't it?
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::haha "Wrap it up, B"
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::the world is also round
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Point?
WOOPZZZ::he's from ontario. they dont have points there. they just pointless.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::paccard1331 No need to prove on a blog site. . Just know that I can tell you are some pizza eating dude who sits on the couch wishing you had 1/1000000000000 of the talent Lin has. ------------------------------------- LOL, I'm 6-4 214. I will leave it at that that
WOOPZZZ::lin alone cant always make a huge difference lin + team = team ball makes a huge difference, especially with other star players  FACT!!!
reem116::Then why he run from Miami??? MARIO CHALMERS!!!
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::I'd much rather pay $3mil to a "suitable PG" than $8mil
WOOPZZZ::i would but you'd enjoy it too much
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::I'd like to see you come through your computer and try...oh wait...
WOOPZZZ::i got plenty of woopzzz. i'll woopzzz yo azzzz any day scrub!!!
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::and you don't have "woopzzz" whatever that is.  Stop being a dumb.as.s
WOOPZZZ::you dont have $3mill, so your argument is not legit anyway
YaImFromCleveland::Lin plays team ball, thanks his team, all about the team.  Lin haters don't understand this or choose to not understand it
