Olliejam99::Warriors have to quit shooting so many 3s, Klay and Stef need to take the ball to the basket. Allow Bogut and Lee to crash the boards. the 3s so far this season has let teams into the game or allowed them to beat the warriors.
ireadespn::Warriors half court offense is looking so so so much better. Rather than a contested jumpshot with time expiring or isolation with Ellis which was the extent of it last year, we actually see the Ws attacking the paint and as a result getting rebounds, and open shots. Also, the bench has enough talent so I didn't see too  much of a fall off in production when starters were resting.
COURAGEOUSPROPHET2::CAV FAN COMES IN HERE AND SAYS THEY WERE GOING TO WORK THE W'S IN THEIR CRIB...THIS IS WHY NO ONE IN CLEVELAND IS A PROPHET.
quickbr0wnf0x::Looks like John Leuer did a decent job with his first significant playing time.  Hopefully the games missed by Varejao and Zeller will give him a chance to develop into a valuable contributor.   In 22 minutes, he shot 3-5 for 7 points, 4 rebounds, and added an assist and a steal.
unfairweather57::Actually, I hate to disagree so strongly, but he was unspeakably bad on defense, his rebounding and positioning were atrocious, and he also looked a little lost on offense at times.  He could still be the answer as a 4th big guy once Zeller and Andy come back, but he's gonna need to play better than he did last night.
quickbr0wnf0x::Oh there's plenty of room for improvement, no doubt.  But he as his first "real" game for the Cavs, at least he showed signs of potential, and he did contribute.
wrecko22::another warriors center with zero points, some things will never change
vandeman34::Cavs need SF. Gee and Miles suck so hard...
TheTristanShow::CJ Miles is the new Jamario Moon
DrawohWasHere::Cavs are just too thin.    Tough to get any momentum when Andy goes down along with Rookie sensation Tyler Zeller.    Amazing how dependent this team is of both Waiters and Zeller already.  First time I've seen the Warriors this season and they seem to have a really good, young starting five as a core group of players.    Will be interested to see how they finish this season.  Best wishes to the Warriors and their fans.  Let's go Cavs.   Get healthy ASAP so we can make a little noise.
goosu123::Kyrie Irving is incredible, it is nice to finally have a great backcourt with him and Waiters. Obviously we probably won't be making much noise this season, but another great draft pick as well as some talented FA signings and another year of development will spur the Cavs forward toward contending.
JustinBrownsCavsBuckeyes::every time C.J. Miles touched the ball I cringed.
scow79::Good to see that Miles sweet stroke has carried over from his time with the Jazz.    This is a great case of one mans trash is another mans trash.
DrawohWasHere::I didn't think I'd ever say this, but I think Luke Harangody and Luke Walton are better.
sharks_eat_ducks::"New Warriors C Andrew Bogut, still playing through soreness in his surgically repaired left ankle, was held scoreless in 17 minutes of play. He had five points and three rebounds." Great writing there.
scow79::Not according to the box score I'm looking at.  It says 3 rebounds and 5 assists
ohedsport::mr. cavaliers coach, sir:  Gee + Miles = 38 min, 5-15, 4 reb, 5 turns Casspi = 10 min, 5 reb, +7 need a math professor to help ??
ChiefWahoo1995::The Cavaliers simple ran out of gas after falling behind early.  Nice comeback though.  Look at this  http://ow.ly/f7cmb
Bayan7maestro::LAL lost!
uncle drew be ballin::UNCLE DREW still be ballin
BravesCougsPackersSounders::How's Thompson working out for you all? I knew the guy at Wazzu, hung out with the same crowd.... Sorta' stopped talking to everyone after he got drafted so stopped paying attention.
quickbr0wnf0x::Has good potential as a shot blocker too, but unfortunately he is sometimes a bit late resulting in a goaltend.
DrawohWasHere::He's made excellent strides.    A double-double machine and we love his motor and athleticism.   Other than that, he's got some room for improvement.   lol   I personally am a fan.
longgrassgrows::im liking the direction the Warriors are going...if they can just sustain their runs better they can be a real sleeper in the west...and if a couple other things turn out right of course
Its all my fault::Not trying to sound like a know-it-all but I kind of forecasted this performance by Waiters.. A headstrong rookie coming off a strong performance... yeah.. still though! love the kid!
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::I Like Harrison Barnes' role so far... I don't mind him being a role player for the next couple of years... This team doesn't need another prolific scorer.  It needs someone who can set good screens, box out his man, play good d and make a pass or two.  He is what he is..
quickbr0wnf0x::Barnes looked better last night then he did in the preseason.
Rolltide4203::yeah I like barnes.. hes just not going to give u anything other than points.. its crazy at his size that he puts up 1 reb and 1 assist practically every game in 25-30 mins. and same in college. I like him as a good scorer/jumpshooter. but there isnt anything else to his game
Rolltide4203::he cant pass. The only reason u would draft him is to score
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::look man.. Barnes LOOKS like he belongs.  He's a very fluid player.  He doesn't look like a bull trying to get to the basket.  He makes crisp passes maybe NOT spectacular.  he doesn't get caught in double teams.  He's giving the Warriors EXACTLY what they need right now.  Nothing more.  Nothing Less
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::has done an adequate job passing these first few games
yata-9arasu::Miles is still struggling....  It is so frustrating seeing him miss shots that I know he can make....  Just...  UGH!
quickbr0wnf0x::He made some of his shots, but goes hot and cold.  The question is, can he or Coach Scott find some way to get him to produce more consistently.
scow79::Miles hasn't made those shots at any point in his career.  Trust me.  I'm a Jazz fan and have had the same thoughts that you're having for the past 6 years.
Rolltide4203::Barnes is playing pretty solidly. I think hes going to be a fantastic scorer
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Scorer yes but Jesus Christ if that's all we wanted why not keep Monta?
ChuckGF::Easy, because then we couldn't get Bogut.
Rolltide4203::he is a bad all around player. but i think he can be a scorer. he cant pass or rebound, or really play def but I still like him
WarriorsWarrior::Great athlete!
yata-9arasu::Waiters started off playing well but than started to force up shots and took some bad shots when we went down.  Rookie mistakes.  On to the next game.  Badly miss Varejao...
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::How come I could Care LESS about 0 points next to Bogut's stat line.  I like the other things he's doing while his ankle is still healing (not convinced it's fully healed yet)
ChuckGF::agree, he gives us something we have NEVER had since I started following the dubs in '89
hokienation135::also, c.j miles is worthless
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::CJ Miles is pure and unadulterated NBA Roster Garbage
hokienation135::Cavs fans and Dubs fans are pretty classy. Both teams have young stars. good luck
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::We've both been trained by years of horrible teams.
WarriorsWarrior::Great post!
JohnsonnnL::Zeller and Varejao both out that's just unlucky why couldn't it have been Walton.
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Irving is a beast, good game Cavs. We got outplayed in many parts of the game, need to figure out some perimeter defense solutions with Rush hurt.
Its all my fault::Great game Warriors! I could see you playoff bound.. Our Cavs need more work but i was happy how we battled back being short handed.. good luck down the road Warriors!
Rolltide4203::yeah hes a beast.
Rolltide4203::? the warriors will without question make the playoffs.. I think they will be a top 4 seed. This team is insanely talented. so deep. I think they will finish ahead of the lakers and clippers
Its all my fault::i agree! btw... thanks for Trent Richardson
WarriorsWarrior::If we were in the east! Not the west but thx!
Its all my fault::Just like us, you are also young! future is bright! And i believe you could make a run this year! GL and GG
diarea100::cleveland suck fat nutz the cavs are garbage warriors niggurrzzz
806Andrew::He has to be a Cuban from Miami
quickbr0wnf0x::I thought Cuban was in Dallas...
Its all my fault::good game bud. go cavs
dvr2166::your a waste of space on this world and by the vocab level most likely black or mexican
Roge3471::woah there, was gonna thumbs up your post til u brought up his possible race. I'm black, my vocab level is NOT the same as that diarea idiot. Plus i doubt "blacks" spell the n-word like that. he's just a 12 yr old troll
Raiders Godfather333::Take the racist remarks out of here. Your post is worse than his!
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::"You're" "Mexican"
Raiders Godfather333::Was that even English?
Mr. Bradford::Irving taking as many shots as three other starters (Samuels, Thompson and Gee) combined. If he could just learn to play some defense...
HunterF4444::He has to no one else can score.
Oaktown1029::Bogut will only play one of the games against the Lakers or Nuggets - I'd play him against the Nuggets and take our chances against the Lakers.
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::I'm not a fan (of him or the trade) and he seems destined to get hurt but we have no real options inside other than him. Rest him BOTH games if you have to.
FriscoWarriors415::Give him time. We dont want him to get injured because he is out of shape
JohnChris109::Andrew is looking like "Bogus".
WarriorsWarrior::play every game he's key!
diarea100::ya better to win at home
Roge3471::shows how important andy is on this Cavs team. Look what happened last yr when we were on the verge of playoffs and he got injured
HunterF4444::Cavs shoot 42% Warriors shoot 53%. No Andy, Zeller, Kyrie sick. Losing by only 10 really isn't a terrible result
quickbr0wnf0x::Especially after falling so far behind in the first quarter.  They did manage something of a comeback, but of course not nearly enough of one.
FadeBackShoot2Points::cavs will beat the thunder
Rolltide4203::lol not
-Cavsfancavsfan-::again.
mikeyp2307::is there a flu epidemic going through the nba right now lol? seems like everybody is sick.
9erinsider::Everyone touches the same ball, other players' arms, their own faces.  It can spread really quickly that way.
-Cavsfancavsfan-::for real. haha
StanfordOtter 2.0::both teams will surprise people I think, good game cavs!
4NorthProductions::It's nice to see The Warriors looking like an NBA team this year, hopefully they can make the playoffs this year.
yata-9arasu::THANK GOD WALTON DIDN'T PLAY!!!
PhilMNAP::Hey, be nice to the 2 time champion!  lol
diarea100::biedrins is guna collect his 9 million and then go back to latvia and live like a king
shanefalco70::I've seen Biedrins at the clubs/bars.  Hard to live like a king if you have cirrhosis of the liver.
Raiders Godfather333::He has MAJOR tax issues. Collect yes! Go home and live like a king, HELL NO!!!
FriscoWarriors415::Kyrie Irving is really something special. Good Game Cavs!
FriscoWarriors415::It really is. He is a all around player. Its fun to watch him play. Good young looking team in cleveland!
-Cavsfancavsfan-::same to you...
PhilMNAP::His 3 point shot is money!
Raiders Godfather333::Great Game David Lee. Sick with the flu. No practice today. No shoot around and you post a Double-Double.
quickbr0wnf0x::If that is the case, I'm glad they didn't have more cleanups on the court!
-Cavsfancavsfan-::oh my goodness that stinks no wonder the game was hard to watch. haha
Raiders Godfather333::Exactly. Everyone was sick!
SB4LlFE::jarret jack has the flu too. he wasn't feeling well either
xBombScience::ya half the court was sick i think 2 guys on each team were sick
-Cavsfancavsfan-::he had the flu too?? dang...so did irving and miles
Raiders Godfather333::So did Stephen Curry. Neither of them practiced today.
Drun2400::Im impressed with both of these teams this year. Warriors can surprise people and Cleveland is way better than people think.
-Cavsfancavsfan-::28 points 6 rebounds and 6 assists isn't bad for being sick...can't believe the warriors only won by 10 with kyrie down with the flu and andy and zeller out AND waiters had an awful game
-Cavsfancavsfan-::that stinks....but I'm kind of crediting the warriors by saying they are better than that....so yeah im not excusing anyone.
49ersfan66::Lee and Jack had the flu as well
ccharvat69::bogut is a joke....????
WarriorsGO::lol?
WarriorsGO::bogut played 17 minutes relax with all the excuses
ccharvat69::dont be discouraged cavs fans, Andy makes a huge difference just by being on the court. not saying we would have won but it would have been a totally different game. warriors are an uptempo team and andy is the most uptempo player in the game.  him and zeller run the court as good as any big guys in this league
ccharvat69::and kyrie had the flu
yata-9arasu::I can't wait to here why Scott sat Waiters out for so long.
a280405::Where was Klay thompson in the fourth quarter?
diarea100::giving biedrins a lapdance at the end of the bench
WarriorsWarrior::Too selfish
TomLeee124::Fuckinnn cavs - losers - Cleveland city sucks and the team
mikeyp2307::imma guess you lost money...
Pintz11::bad betting huh
806Andrew::what lol?
-Cavsfancavsfan-::really?
PhilMNAP::Welp, the Cavs found their main problem. They need a reliable #2 option. Irving had 28 and that should usually be enough by one player to pull the game home. Nobody else stepped up to the occasion though.
JohnsonnnL::no varejao or zeller so it messed up their game plan
PhilMNAP::And Irving had the flu? Holy crap.
diarea100::lol taht fool stole boguts towel off his shoulders anyone see that lol
Oaktown1029::GG Cavs.
yata-9arasu::Good luck this year!  GG!
