medah4rick::Refs aint respecting george
Alex47666::do pacer fans actually think that iggy foul on george should have been called when the play before they didnt call the foul for Gallo he he got bumped going to the hoop
pacers2013::Anyone who believes that this game was officiated fairly, especially in the last minute, is delusional. I'm not knocking the Nuiggets, who are a well coached and dangerous team, but the no-call on Iguodala and the subsequent foul call against PG decided this game. Since when do we like (or want) the refs deciding the outcome of games?  It should have gone to OT, and let the chips fall where they may. This NBA crew, comprised of Capers, Fitzgerald, and Fraher, couldn't have gotten off the court any sooner had they been given wings. No reasonable ref calls that foul on George, and the league damn well knows it.
csallstar11::you allowing a 14 pt lead with 6 minutes also cost you the game...sorry
diehardnr1::Maybe they were fouls...maybe they were not fouls..After the 2012 part of the schedule, I absolutely REFUSE to complain about home cooking....Hope Nuggets get a lot more...
PHLYGUY555::lol..... "missed the second one on purpose"......or he just shot like he normally does
Bill.Saskatchewan::Sorry bout the sixers
PHLYGUY555::Are you saying the west is better than the east?.......like last year.....how did that work out.....LOLOLOLOL....sixers went seven with celts......celts went seven with heat and thunder went....well you know
Bill.Saskatchewan::they wont make the playoffs tho...in the EAST...HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
PHLYGUY555::sorry bout what, as long as they make the playoffs they should have a better shot than the T.U.R.D nuggets......lol....whatev.....no matter what you say iggys ft% always sucks
Bill.Saskatchewan::Sure the Nuggets shot more free throws. Maybe that would have evened out if the Pacers werent jacking up jumpers all night...I mean come on watch the game, the Nuggets attack the rim, therefore they get more free throws, and usually miss all of them lol
Jrinc242.0::heroics???  did the person who wrote the headline watch the game??
Carmelloisfake::4 missed free throws, a "steal", and a lob that had no chance of going in.
ColoradoFan5::One call does NOT determine the outcome of the game. Pacers were beat throughout the second half and calls were evened out
pacers2013::As fans, we should not want the refs deciding the outcomes of games. Let the world class athletes do that. Bad call against PG = outcome decided by refs. End of story!
diehardnr1::read the epilog above....NOW end of story
iownamicrowave::One call decided this game. come on. it should have went to overtime to be decided.
diehardnr1::this is like saying the Manning pick in OT cost Broncos the game vs BAL...or maybe more apt, that the pick-six/PI no call decided that game....when EVERYONE knows it was a combination of plays and calls that determined that (and ANY other) game....geez  seems like IND fans are reasonable...until they lose and turn into little #"%¤"s
LLindy86::For those saying the Pacers got "let back" into the game by the refs...look at the free-throw shooting totals. Very skewed in the Nuggets favor.
Carmelloisfake::Yea.  Did you notice how many threes Paul George had that barely rimmed out? Like most of his misses seemed to be half way in the basket, including that deep three he took on that 2nd to last possession. I think he finally got that "road monkey" off his back.
jayeteee::Maybe if the balls were hand grenades?????
LLindy86::Yep. The Nuggets deserved the win, don't get me wrong. It's just unfortunate it had to come down to that. OT would've been perfect.
Carmelloisfake::It was poorly officiated on both sides.  Unfortunately for the pacers, we were the ones to get screwed late in the game.
yellowdart24::Nuggets are a great home team and the Pacers are a terrible road team. This was expected. It's only January. Just win the Central and get a 2 or 3 seed to avoid Miami and the Eastern Finals are in sight. Granger is coming back as well who has been the leading scorer the past 5 seasons. It might take him a while to get back into the grove of things but I assume the only thing he could do during rehab was practicing shooting. Pacers will be a very tough out that no one will want to play in the East.
Hlee196::Nuggets really disappointed me last night even thought we won the game. 14 pts vanish in 5 minutes down the stretch? Lack of leadership on the floor almost cost us a home game. We are easily self destructive panicking n its gonna cost us...
ColoradoFan5::No Javale no Chandler. Faried Foul trouble...i'm not surprised. Sure you have Lawson AI and Gallo but it's a team effort w/out those three it can be troublesome
Pusherman3::Live by the hack, die by the hack.
DRoseNumeroUno::Wow what a bad call for INDY to get the game.
Bill.Saskatchewan::Sure those last two calls were suspect but lets be honest, the refs were swallowing the whistle on the Nuggets all night. Pacers got away with their fair share and it helped them rally from 14 down. Either way good game, the better team won
LLindy86::Hmm...The Nuggets shot 21 more free-throws than the Pacers...talk about swallowing the whistle. Robbery. However, the Pacers (George Hill) have trouble with quick guards and Lawson was no exception.
diehardnr1::might want to check the game out again...DEN was the most aggressive (by far) attacking the rim and deserved a lot more calls than they got.  Heck, if the refs had called every foul they would still be playing the game.
Hlee196::Easter Conference has been that way forever... Weak sauce from three all the way to eight.
maxtylerporter::are you forgetting that the pacers have been without their BEST PLAYER for the WHOLE season???
Bill.Saskatchewan::George is your best player, not Granger
Stan Van Gundy for Nuggets coach 2013::so? chandler has played, what, 8 games this year? it's not an excuse
iizark::Nuggets needed the refs help to beat the Pacers.  Enjoy your first round exit, again.
Tajuara::Yet the East won the NBA last season, what a bummer. I love Colorado fans, their teams are usually the big chokers from all sports, but they actually think they rule.
diehardnr1::shall we compare Pro Sports Hardware Indy? btw is Notre Dame in Indiana?
MileHigh3Leyva::the east is trash even teams with a record under 500. are still fightin for that 6,7,8 seed its a shame.
Bill.Saskatchewan::I agree i think we'd at least be three and compete with NY for the 2
MileHigh3Leyva::right if the Nuggets were in the east we easily be a number 2,3,4 seed
Bill.Saskatchewan::And if you dont think we're the better team, we beat you twice. And tonight we played without Mcgee and Chandler. Eastern Conference blowwwwssssss
MileHigh3Leyva::Exactly!!
Bill.Saskatchewan::Granger wont make that big of a difference with Paul george there
jayeteee::And Denver played without McGee and Chandler, so it works both ways.
yellowdart24::I would say the better team now maybe but won't be come April. Pacers are getting Granger back next month.
MileHigh3Leyva::how bout that and 1 by Lawson that wasnt called. The pacers were fouling the ish outta the Nuggs well thats Karma for you i guess! ahaha Nuggets win
MypostsareconfirmedbyGod::It's funny that Iguadola thinks anyone would fear his defense.  The ref bailed you out.
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::I just saw the ending to this game.  Kind of lame, but I'm happy Denver won.
MileHigh3Leyva::soo true you see that lawson and one that wasnt called
washheightsboy3::watch the whole game and you won't think it's as lame.  the officiating got Indy back in it.  Nuggets were cruising until that happened.
diehardnr1::I did watch the game (twice) and the refs allowed a physical game ALL game. The non calls were so bad that I thought I was watching a EC playoff game!  When DEN realized this and started playing physical themselves...they dominated. The refs were NOT the reason the Nuggs gave up a 14 pt lead though.  As evidenced by the reaction from Brewer and the team when Ty made the layup with 6.37 left...The Nuggets thought the game was in the bag and went into prevent D mode...something they suck at and have a hard time switching back to attack mode from. THAT is the reason the last 3 seconds mattered at all...
slimnku44::Can anyone tell me if Denver was in the bonus on that last play, because if not, i don't see how they can say he was shooting when he got hit before he caught the ball.  Also, is it me or did Paul George get raped when the ball was "stolen" from him.
Genghis Kittah::And both teams were in he bonus anyway
MileHigh3Leyva::All i know that  game was gettin real dirty and crazy a lot of muggin was going on. i really dont think these wo teams like eachother any more
rchill14::It was a designed tip shot, that's why they call it a shooting foul (but they were in the bonus anyways). I was questioning the steal as well, but if you look at it several times, it would almost be just as easy to call an offensive foul because George extends his forearm so much....that's probably why it was it no call.
MileHigh3Leyva::it was a two shot foul becaues the ball wasnt touched by anyone so its a atomatic 2 shots and idk about that still by Iggy at the end but i guess its payback for the pacers fouling the Nuggets all game.
MasterOfLogic::I love basketball but I hate the NBA.  Refs = dictators
yellowdart24::Nice to see the refs control this outcome. Denver still outplayed the Pacers for most of the game but just two terrible calls at the end. First the no call when PG has the ball waiting for a last second shot then the call against PG when he does nothing illegal and thats the game. You are entitled to your own space. Andre tried to jump over PG after the refs told him during the timeout they would give him the call. Oh well, Pacers have 11 of their next 13 at home. They will be winning the Central soon enough. In a month from now no one will remember that the Pacers lost 3 in a row all against really good teams on the road.
MileHigh3Leyva::Only someone with a $@%!$ team would make an excuess like that smh. haha Nuggets still win
rchill14::Ha! "refs told him during the timeout that they would give him the call"  lame excuse, it was a foul...get over it.
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::great work NUGGETS!!! - From BullsNation
Frankcee78::There is always bad calls going against teams that have no business wininng the way that they do . It is always going to be like this unless your in - NY, MIA , CHI , LA , etc ....
Bill.Saskatchewan::Keep crying, Nuggets are a just as small a market as Indiana, if not smaller
Frankcee78::Who's crying ? We won . next game .
Momma Pete96::Everyone is telling Pacer fans to quit crying, but I'm sure if YOUR team lost back to back games where they came back improbably and lost on two calls, you wouldn't be a little upset.
charlie hustle bets the over::quit crying
MR. JUAN_YOUR WARLOCK::The end of this game was a travesty... Anybody who chooses to deny the FACT that Iguodala mugged George is a major blinded homer... That, coupled with that BS foul called on George with .5 of a second left, on a desperation lob, only proves how corrupt the NBA's referees truly are... That BS ref should be held accountable and severly reprimanded, just like any other individual would have to go thru with such a travesty of a performance.
VonDoomSquad::Good thing you capitalized FACT, otherwise nobody would've believed you.
Genghis Kittah::He couldn't get close to a dunk cuz George wasn't even sure where he was so he just pushed him backwards... Which is a foul
chitownhusler::Last 2 minutes?? The last 2 seconds
washheightsboy3::i guess you didn't actually watch the game.  there were atrocious calls against the nuggets just prior to that last call.
washheightsboy3::The game was riddled with poor calls on each team.  The last two minutes were not the game.
diehardnr1::nice you left out the constant non-call mugging of the Nuggets bigs all game...as far as the last foul...if George does not foul it is a dunk...game over...go cry to someone who cares...
slimnku44::I would have been truly amazed if Andre finishes that lob as a dunk.
diehardnr1::Like I implied...Major Beeaatch above
MR. JUAN_YOUR WARLOCK::^^^^ Like I said; Major Blinded Homer
diehardnr1::GG Pacers...I knew you guys would get back in it the moment I saw Brewer pumping his fists like it was over with 6 minutes left.  Was it just me, or did the refs seem to be "Eastern Conference refs"?  Sure seemed like a lot of physical play was allowed to happen.  Not any real bad calls...just a lot of non-calls (on BOTH sides IamUnaffiliated).  A missed FT ironically iced the game...BUT as I have been harping on...the clutch misses almost cost DEN another game. Not sure if its mental or just plain being too winded to settle or just poor coaching/practice habits...whatever it is it needs to get fixed in a hurry.  Still think we need a 3pt and FT specialist if a trade happens.  Moz made the most of his minutes and I really like the EuroTowers playing together with Gallo as EuroTeam captain...and yes, I know KK is from Ohio. Randolph needs to go figure it out in D league  Iggy gotta stop trying to be a jump shooter!  His best way to gel with this team is to attack the basket on offense and continue playing his great D..Let Ty, Gallo, and Chandler/Brewer take the jumpers please.  Also...the only times I want to see Iggy, Brewer, and JaVale on the FT line is on "and-ones"  Nuggets really seem to be finding their groove as a team...They need to tear off a couple of long winning streaks and go into the playoffs hot with a 3 or 4 seed.  GO NUGGETS!!!
IamUnaffiliated::Terribly officiated game.  The refs gave this game to Denver.
josh.turner::bs
Genghis Kittah::So then George shouldn't have done anything, it's his own fault
DWoe23::thats right, the officiating was bs, good call. did you even watch the end of the game. that ball was way over thrown, Even if Paul didnt make contact then igaudala would have been way off.
masterjoe712::Roy Hibbert needs to get his act together 3-12 shooting for a center is inexcusable and its happening to often
mdfrg::Nuggets, please free Mozgov
sports guy12::12 minutes, why did Faried play so little?
Judge Smails.::Early foul trouble.
2419clippard::Love Iggy's defense but his free throw shooting is really ticking me off.  There is no reason he should be that bad from the line.  I know his jump shot is very inconsistent but there is no way an athlete as good as he can't shoot 75% or better from the line.  If Denver makes a field goal in the last 6 minutes I understand it doesn't matter anyways but Iggy and this team in general has to start knocking down the free one's, otherwise it will absolutely cost them in the playoffs, especially on the road
Hines Ward Zombie::the pacers lost because they scored 1 point less then the other team....
JordanFadeAway::Paul George cost the Pacers the game..
josh.turner::yea cuz he scored the most points for them
pshores1968::started following this online bet system called Sportsbettingstar a couple months ago. I have made about $3,000 a month since I started.  I was looking for a handicapper one night and just google searched for  Sports Betting Systems, it was there on the first page. Didnt seem legit at first but ended up being awesome.
2419clippard::sweet plug dude
bearsbball12::One last thing on the game tonight, isolating George against Iggy on that final play was real dumb. If there's one guy in the league you don't want to isolate against, it's Andre Iguodala.
jayeteee::I think they had to go man to man there. You can't leave anyone open at that juncture.
bearsbball12::I meant on the play when Iggy got the steal. Sorry, should've been more specific there. LOL
johnselway::Damn It got cold with the wind! Just was shoveling the walk/drive......
johnselway::it looks like this board got cold as well
jayeteee::When do they officially become the Pelicans?
bearsbball12::Next season I think.
bearsbball12::Seriously though I'd be pi.ssed and demand a refund if I went to a game and my team lost by FORTY FIVE.
jayeteee::Win 85 - 90% of your home games and stay as close to 50% as you can on the road and you'll be a top 2-4 seed(maybe 1) every year.
bearsbball12::The Nuggets have that whole winning at home thing down, just need to work on the .500 on the road thing.
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::That's why the Pacers stress winning games at home, don't want to lose what little fanbase they have. It's sad, but the brutal truth.
X24theshowX::why is the fan base so low now? I thought indiana(state) had a rich basketball history and the citizens loved basketball.
JustineS04::This Kobe Bryant commercial is like Kobe fans satire. This can't be serious.
.... Slurm soda::Deep down I'm sure Kobe thinks his fans are idiots, so i wouldn't be surprised if it was a jab at them.
JustineS04::That was a parody right?
JustineS04::Alright guys, goodnight. Good, but controversial win. Maybe the Nuggets will finally learn not to blow leads.
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::c ya!
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::Basketball is so interesting. The Pacers beat the Rockets, lose to the Jazz. Now Rockets blow out Jazz. That's why I love it though.
bearsbball12::Also, thanks for nothing Raptors/Sixers.
JustineS04::Phil is my favorite Timberwolves fan.
jayeteee::Not all the fans icons are showing up when I click on their profile name.
phil80804::Anyways, I am going to bed. Good night Nuggets fans.
JustineS04::Night Phil!
.... Slurm soda::Bye phil.
bearsbball12::Just noticed the Rockets/Jazz score from tonight. Ouch.
gary wheatley::and yet look what we did to the Rockets in Houston the other nite bears. BBall can be very strange at times lol   are the Jazz that good or was Houston just clicking on all cylinders tonight
jayeteee::Probably the latter, Gary.
jayeteee::In Salt Lake too.
jayeteee::How 'bout the Hornets losing by 58 in a home playoff game?
bearsbball12::Jazz fans should be offered a refund for that. How embarrassing.
.... Slurm soda::They would suck paying money to go see your favorite team and they lose by that much.
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::ya if this game ended like that I would have lost it. At least Pacers put up a fight.
jayeteee::The last time I felt the Nuggets really gave up on a home game was the 6th game of the '09' WCF Finals.
JustineS04::I took the dog for a 3-mile run and the vet today and he's still up. GO TO SLEEP LITTLE DOG.
phil80804::He looks pretty sad.
JustineS04::He does that too. He actually growls at the covers when he's trying to get them situated. Not other dogs. Only growls at the covers. Oh and sometimes his reflection. Tough guy this one.
phil80804::Nice, my cat is playing with the bed sheets. Cats, strange animals.
JustineS04::Yeah, I think he's waiting for me to throw the ball there.
phil80804::Okay, not when you enlarge it.
JustineS04::He's actually the happiest thing I've ever seen. That's his serious "Stop watching basketball and PAY ATTENTION TO ME!!!" face.
JustineS04::And I have to wash his ears every day, give him a bath twice a week, and his new food is $73. You're one accident away from ending up back on petfinder.
JustineS04::KIDDING, OF COURSE.
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::Next 9 of 10 pacers games are at home. Just in time, because I think the team was about to have a mental breakdown as a whole.
gary wheatley::ok  im watching the replay for awhile .  Maybe I will see her lol
jayeteee::When they focus on Scott, she's on his right, and only if they get close to scoring 110.
JustineS04::I hope the new taco girl gets the Pepsi Center promoter/giveaway girl's job because she screams into the microphone. I can't stand her.
bearsbball12::Iggy went from goat to hero in about 2 seconds of game time tonight. But whatever works.
colosportsman::Luckily 1 out of 6 is all he had to make to win the game...:)
bearsbball12::Sadly that won't be the case every night lol. We're gonna lose at least 1 important game this season because of our free throw shooting. Or lack thereof.
X24theshowX::has anyone here ever bought the tacos for 1 dollar.
.... Slurm soda::The wizard fans get free pizza if they score 100 lol
phil80804::OKAY, I'm going to a Wizards game!
johnselway::remember that game years ago when the pepsi center was booing melo because he didn't shoot the ball when the game was over and the clock was running out so these $@%!$@ could get their tacos.....I do....
jayeteee::They're about as filling as a Big Grab.
X24theshowX::I wish they had papa johns instead. I know one team that has papa johns as their restaurant if they score enough points.
gary wheatley::it wouldnt matter to me X2, they both give me heartburn either way lol
johnselway::No....I think it is the worst thing in sports!!!!!!!
gary wheatley::but I will admit I do like their tacos from time to time. wife and I could go get into seperate lines and get 8 tacos and 2 large drinks for 2 bucks. cant beat that lol
