stop the duck8::its not like the magic starters are much better
Magic are better than you::Umm yes they are.  Are you really going to tell me that Jameer isn't that much better than Ish Smith?  I'm not saying Jameer is an allstar but he is wayyyyyyyyyyy better than Ish.  That is just one example of many that could be made
Magic are better than you::All you haters need to realize this is a rebuilding year.  On top of that, we had 6 players injured meaning we only had 9 available to play.  Of course we got handled.  What is more embarrassing then this loss is that the sixers were unable to win by more than 17 points to a team made up of 2nd and 3rd string players.
CoreyGallagherArt::Not really, it was a slow paced and laid back game, we lost our most efficient and consistent post scorer in Thad Young in the beginning of the second quarter, sort of a huge deal.   First quarter we score 28 as we should and it's looking like this will be a more significant blow out than it was, he gets injured and the rest of the game we score 50... Huh, coincidence...? No.
Magic are better than you::No moral victory, we are chasing the ping pong balls.  As you state, we should have lost and by a significant margin.  I'm just saying I'm surprised it wasn't a larger margin considering the state of the Magic last night.  And just to be honest, my original post was directed at the haters talking out their asz
CoreyGallagherArt::How? 17 points isn't close, you're making it out to seem like this was a close game when it wasn't in the slightest. Sixers aren't a prolific scoring team (No Bynum, as you mentioned) so I don't see your point here aside from you attempting to convince yourself that this was somehow a moral victory, which if you want it to be than take it as that but don't demean the victory in the process.  We're missing JRich whom was our starting SG up until he got injured, we're now missing Thad whom is our starting PF, we're missing Bynum whom would be our starting Center, also Kwame whom I'm not making out to be a world beater, but he was the only other Center on this team besides Hawes.  So, Sixers without 3 would be starters, Magic without 4, 17 point margin, sounds about right.
Magic are better than you::Yea Phlyguy555 (such a great name BTW), why discuss basketball with other fans?  Makes no sense.    Corey - I'm just saying you were missing Bynum who you haven't had all year and Young after the 2nd quarter, Magic were missing 6 players, 4 of which were starters.  Now, if you were missing Young and the next 3 guys behind him then you might have a point.
PHLYGUY555::do you really need to reply to him?.....i mean come on, look at his name....lol
Mitmobile::The Thunder scored 68 in the first half...The Magic score 61 the whole game.
Mitmobile::Stating a fact. Relax.
Magic are better than you::Ok so you think the if the thunder were missing Durant, Westbrook, 2 other starters and 1 other player who is first off the bench they wouldn't look just a pathetic?  Get real.  And to your relax comment, you were trying to get a rise.  You were not "stating a fact" as it is pointless in this context.  Go act high and mighty somewhere else
Magic are better than you::Take out 4 of the thunders starters and see how many points they score.  idiot
Magic are better than you::Prove it
Seabass7489::more than 61
Demon Belly::I forget who all the Magic got in return for D-Ho, but who ever it was, it was not nearly enough.  What a wimp JJ Redick is not suiting up with a sore shoulder. Poor baby!
Magic are better than you::I'm sure he could kick your $@%.  Magic have 6 players injured so yea, you don't know s#!t
bcumm69::The Magic are bad.  This game was brutal to watch.
Momma Pete96::Yeah E'Twaun Moore!
johnnyalexis14::Sixers without a big man = borderline playoff team, probably an 8th seed. Sixers with Bynum = 3-4 seed, contender, could make noise come playoff time.
Roy3667::Vucevic and Redick are amazing Nelson is good and Moore Magic still suck 61 Points  WOW
wilcox1232::wow that starting 5 for orlando, even with that hedo still can't get on the floor and when he does cant score.
kflo13res::only 139 combined points...wow.
Snakes222::Orlando is not a viable NBA city anymore.
Elton7323::u dumb it 's tourist capital of the world and its fans are loyal even through the bad times wth u smoking.
Magic are better than you::You're a moron
LakerSince90::I'm ready for the second half
choate_sedition::If/When Bynum returns these 76ers could be dangerous
.LEBRON OWNS ALL...::The guy talking about Kyrie is wrong. LeBron James is the best PG in the NBA.
.LEBRON OWNS ALL...::LMAO
ssj2gokuvsgallade::Well, generally if you score more points then the other team then yes  its a  win.
firereidcutvick::a win is a win is a win
BootyLoaf.::but is it really a win
airicad::Call me when Kyrie's team hits .300.
BootyLoaf.::aight whats your number?
firereidcutvick::uncle drew wishes he had jrue's game
BootyLoaf.::jrue holiday? oh boy...
airicad::And Jrue with the 14:1 assist to TO ratio today!
2.3.1 Double Play::Lets be honest, the Magic aren't scarring anybody
firereidcutvick::lmao
firereidcutvick::hopefully thaddy can come back quick, best player not named jrue on this squad
airicad::Most sources say that he'll be out around a week, so that's just two games (Indiana, Charlotte).  They don't even need him against Charlotte.
firereidcutvick::im fully expecting a double digit loss but who knows with this team, maybe they can ride this hotstreak
airicad::Pacers are simply too good right now.  The Sixers will have to play very well to win that game.  David West and Paul George have been red hot and I don't see it stopping soon.
firereidcutvick::a week stretching out that hammy in the trainers office... treat em good doc. lol thanks man pacers game should be brutal unless hawes and lavoy are ready to play big minutes
firereidcutvick::when is tmac coming back ? ? ?
airicad::Nick Young and Spencer Hawes are finally playing good basketball.  Philly will make a huge playoff push from this point on (especially when Bynum returns).  Too bad Thad is injured but the Sixers only play two more games this week, and one of those is against Charlotte.
Dame Lillard::We've could've rebuilt Haiti with all these bricks today...
chrislil::easyway to begin makeing online money guaranteed FREE. no card ever needed! just watch the video and make your decision  http://instantpaydaynetwork.com/lilwig22
chrislil::easyway to begin makeing online money guaranteed FREE. no card ever needed! just watch the video and make your decision  http://instantpaydaynetwork.com/lilwig22
dcs245::Philly Sports News, Commentary, and Analysis  3DPhillySports dot com
dcs245::Philly Sports News, Commentary, and Analysis  http://www.3dphillysports.com
atlphillip::This must've been a great game to watch
Hank10593::What is this score, a college game?
YogaBeer::What do the Magic draft for with their one pick this year?
Raiders1377::Noel?
chrislil::Haha wow http://tinyurl.com/amazingnbaman
chrislil::Haha wow http://tinyurl.com/amazingnbaman
James57933::the game didnt last 2 hours not to mention 10 fouls to 5 fouls and a total of 13 free throw attempts
nothing better than a german shepherd dog8::ref's had a plane to catch
chris.winnipeg::On the bright side of Thad's injury, this will force Doug to finally let Moultrie play. Given how untalented our bigs are, it is amazing that he wouldn't let a guy they traded for in the 1st round and claimed that he was in their top 10 play.
Mumu8833::He's been playing below average in the D-league.  That is why he wasn't gettin minutes
mattcowboys77::Pistons &gt; Magic
Jimmy6504::Ive made about 3K per month on average over the last 2 months now by following this betting system called SportsBettingStar.  When I found this site, it was on the first page of google when looking up Sports Betting Systems.
Mumu8833::oh wow this is the first time I've seen this post on the espn boards.  Maybe THIS time I'll check it out.
ballerbooboo::wow blazer blew it in one quarter...LOL
justinml_17::Temple just beat South Florida, 78-61.
Texans_Knicks_2008::Hard to beleive that this team was in the finals just 4 years ago. How time flies...
soon2be777::are you stupid? jj and jameer are the only people left from the 09 team.. so... this is NOT same team that was in the NBA finals 4 years ago... moron! geeze...
nargash::Nick Young &gt;&gt; J-Rich
thunderkiss_65::beavis &gt; butthead
Jimmy6504::Ive made about 3K per month on average over the last 2 months now by following this betting system called SportsBettingStar.  When I found this site, it was on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
stopcensoring::Didn't know the wnba was back, can we keep their scores on a different tab though
potato623::Wonder if anybody took the over for this game?
thunderkiss_65::WOW the 6ers won 3 in a row ESPN!!!  meanwhile the Spurs have won 10 straight and no headline mention of that!! ESPN assmunchers!!!
joshmar16::61 points!Proud night to be an Orlando fan!Playoff team right their!GO BUCKS GO!!
chazzzzz1965::We should have kept Eddie Jordan at least we'd be stockpiling high draft picks...this team is in NBA purgatory
slickwatts100::remember when kobe scored 81 all by himself?
thunderkiss_65::i remember when kobe scored on himself......LOL
PennDrex::Royal Ivey got 20 minutes...  Please stop sucking Flyers.
Sh4k4zulu::thad strained hamstring....
PennDrex::Ya, I just saw that, so I changed the message.   In no universe should Royal Ivey play 20 minutes.
Sh4k4zulu::last hawes gif of the night:  http://twitpic.com/show/large/90r2gd
potato623::No Kwame gifs?
Sh4k4zulu::http://i304.photobucket.com/albums/nn200/nbacardDOTnet/zz%20NBA%20Photo%20Gallery/y%20NBA%20etc/Shaquille%20Oneal/VS/Kwame%20Brown/20100114vsBobcats-SHAQ-KB1.gif
Joe Namath wants to kiss you::This game was still better than soccer...
JHCASHION88.88::This was probably the worst NBA game so far this season.
chazzzzz1965::Lol i miss Eddie but he took his talents to the Lakers
potato623::Didn't like the Piston offense? :)
potato623::Ahh us 6er fans seen worse
FlyGuys623::he can die
Mumu8833::Eddie Jordan season
