Hannah Stone::the atlanta hawks will win the superbowl
Frank Kim::thats cute
Andrew Lipham::come on hawks.  close the lizards out.
Jason Peters::THIS is why I stayed away form this game... Hawks suck
Brandon Daley::Definitely that's why they are 3rd in the east lmao!!
Chris Smith::Please hurry back Mr. Beal
Nich Obert::Wall has to do more for his team than anybody in the NBA. The Sports VU numbers are crazy.   If you ever wondered if the Basketball Gods were real and if they hated the Wizards, we're halfway through December and the Wizards have still played overtime in a third of their games. That's freaking insane.
Nich Obert::Oh yeah. My point was, he's gassed. There isn't a single other player on this team who can get themselves a basket. The offense is wholly dependent on Wall. If his ankle feels a little bit tweaked, he has to hold back, because if he misses 10 games they're going 0-10.  It's still early in the year.. I'd like to see this team get on the same page before Wall goes back to hitting the deck every 30 seconds. For now, it's early enough that I'd MUCH rather him show no fear with that jumper. Obviously, he needs to employ it better, but like D-Rose in year 3, the Wizards have clearly given Wall the go ahead to bomb away in game situations no matter the outcome. It's a smart strategy. Anyone can hit 20 threes in a row in an empty gym.  Wall could solidify a slot as a top 10 player in the NBA when that jumper turns into a real weapon.. And that's the thing, it doesn't need to be great. Rose and Westbrook have mediocre jump shooting numbers, but they''re proficient enough to keep teams honest and allow them to dismantle defenses. Wall was at that level last year and has been on and off this year.
Collin Smith::Reeves cox - your are just Ignorent. I will take john wall and brad beal over anyone on the hawks. How is a healthy hawks team better then a healthy wizards team? We already beat and we are no where near healthy. Good try tho.
Collin Smith::Reeves cox- on the court key word. The hawks are at full strength. The wizards are really banged up and books should of easily had that. Wizards beat themselves with the missed free throws.
Brian Jones::the Wizard's haven't had a winning season in 10 years...
Reeves Cox::A win is a win. Not to mention, a healthy Wizards team isn't better than a healthy HAWKS team. The HAWKS best player is better than the Wizards best player. And they have two players other than Al Horford, better than your second best player.
John Reyes::Reeves Cox name a player in Atlanta  better than Horford
Collin Smith::Brian Jones - what does that have to do with this season? When the wizards had beak,nene ,and wall they were like 6 or 7 over .500. All I'm saying is the wizards are a better team if they can stay healthy.
John Reyes::Poor Horford for play Atlanta is the most underrated big man in the League, The Dude has less vote to participate in the all star game Then Andrew Bynum shame on you Atlanta
Collin Smith::Vladimir your obviously a troll. Don't pay him no mind. Wall picked it up when he needed too and he still had a decent game. Also rite now he is 3rd in backcourt voting for east all stars.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::yea probly cuz ur so pathetic you keep voting for him every 3 seconds
Daniel van der Vossen::I'm glad I missed this game, because I was watching my Towson Tigers advance to the final 4 in the FCS Playoffs!! Saw the box score, and noticed Maynor was a DNP.
Collin Smith::First off game I really seen wall play this season. I would like to see these teams play when the wiz are healthy even thought we beat them whencwe were injured
Collin Smith::Much obert- that's what I'm saying all these close games to decent team without heal and Nene.that shows something
Lamarr Gray::I'm a huge wizards fan but someone please tell john wall he can't shoot why shoot jumper take that crap to the hoop
Billy Clark::Terrible shot! He backs off his man to take a deep, contested jumper. Silly! I like Wall, but they should also be playing their PG Eric Maynor that they signed to a 2-yr deal in the offseason. He has been playing somewhat poorly, shooting terribly-but the team is 6-2 when he plays 10+ minnutes and only 5-8 when he plays fewer min...
Frank Kim::JWall is building a reputation as an extremely non-clutch player unfortunately.
Brandon Tigues::it's not that he isn't clutch..it's that his jump shot is terrible, so it's tough for him to close games when teams know he wants to get to the rim...he needs to put in a lot of work on his shot over the summer.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::over the summer? they just had a sumer and there like 6 months until next summer. maybe he shoulda learned to shoot like 20 summers ago
Brandon Tigues::Vladimir Tsalyuk yes when the season ends..he says he's worked on it a lot last summer but it doesn't show, so he needs to put in more work or either change his form..and if shooting was so easy every player in the NBA would know how, it takes time to develop a jump shot.
Alan Ogg::why do hawks funs jump around like monkeys with an OT buzzer beater? you guys are 1 game over .500....
Andrew Lipham::we are da 3 seed man.  da fuggin 3 seed dude.  we can do whatever we want lol
Alan Ogg::Andrew Lipham jump around like monkeys man
John Reyes::Alan Ogg is bitter
Reeves Cox::LET'S GO HAWKS! Beat the Wizards! Should be a fun, up tempo game. Lookin' forward to the excitement. It should be great! We almost got that W against the Thunder, but we just struggles mightily with our shots the entire first half!
Tony Hartmann::Good win Hawks and you get the Net's 1st pick this year. Things are looking up in Atlanta.
Trent Conheady::This is embarrassing as a Hawks fan, up 10 with 5 minutes left, and look what happens
Andrew Staley::John Wall drops 35 and 7 ast. Teague can not stop an allstar point gaurd like John, #wallIn
Vladimir Tsalyuk::u people are ridiculous who keep writing that wall will score 35 eveyr game. his career high is 47 points and his second highest amount of points ever scored was 38. so for him to score 35 points hed have to have the best game of the season and it would only happen once.. when he finally does do it yall need to shut the hell up afterwards because he wont do it twice. also Atlanta will beat up on wiz tonight
Aidan Listen::Vladimir Tsalyuk john wall allready scored 30 at least 30 in 4 games this year and its not even at the mid point of the year and one of the games he dropped 37 points his 3 highest points recorded in a game by him
Vladimir Tsalyuk::Aidan Listen well since he scored 37 he will definatly not be scoring 35 ever again this year. The guy is an average player if that. I saw on youtube a high school kid was taking him to school. Wall is a chump
Jason Peters::I leanred my lesson on taking the Hawks at home or anywhere for that matter.
Musti Unver::Wall with 2 points at the half...yeh u guys really know your nba players
Brandon Tigues::he's good but he's highly inconsistent
Chris Smith::@collin smith.. I believe you misinterpreted my post on the nuggets/wizards board.. I was saying that the nuggets don't have a title in response to what the kid saying about the nuggets being "better forever"
Andrew Lipham::hawks are 3rd in the east and cant get no respect.  no respect i tell ya.
Ricky Kapoor::The East has no respect
Paul Henry::Anybody know what channel the game is on for Cox in Northern VA?
