thel1195::If these two meet in the playoffs, I won't watch any other series.  Blake acting a fool in front of his home town crowd.  Who's going to be on the next poster?  Step up - don't be shy.
Soonerhopeful1::What a anti Griffin Troll
goosu123::Love watching matchups between great PGs. This night, Paul was definitely the better player.
lamriverside13::Blake Griffin another poster, this time over SERGE IBAKA!! IMPRESSIVE OR NAH?????    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aWVGN28gsA
42Wolverine21::i love my heat they finna beat the thunder in the finals
dr_travolta::yeah, maybe if the heat don't play the celtics in the playoffs lol
OutOnStrikes11::NBA rewarded Westbrick last night with 15 free throws against Paul to make this match-up look competitive
The Lakers are good at basketball::Andrew Bynum kills entire families with his thunderous jams
ustna::lol...no  he has to be able to elevate enough first
xmanfolife::Westbrook's gonna have a problem as the Thunder advance after the 1st round...he likes to hit the paint like he's a power forward..same as D. Wade does.  He's gonna get nailed going to them boards...one too many times.
thel1195::I agree.  He's going to get swatted by a big in the lane and dropped on his head.
xmanfolife::Oklahoma's looking nice since they picked up D. Fish...
USAwolf30::The Thunder will be ok. No team wants to see the Thunder in the playoffs.
ustna::Clips won 2 of 3 from them this year. I don't think they are too worried.
Deeznutz234::And Kobe dropped 81 on that niqqa jalen rose lol
xmanfolife::Gotta divey them guys up on that one....Toronto's whole squad...tried to guard that guy that night..
Deeznutz234::Lol skip might have Averaged 1.4 points but he is dead on about westbrook
BeMilwaukee3::Dont like this comment if you like Skip Bayless.
You are a biotch::Westbrook career 43% shooter haha got a max deal
Deeznutz234::Westbrook is overrated and over paid
flyingiron2463::Lakers ARE going to win the west. No way Ibaka and Perk can stop Pau and Bynum. Kobe of course is unstoppable no matter the circumstances.
JayhawkxChief::Clutch layup, doesn't sound  clutch.
You are a biotch::Skip is right, Westbrook is a gunner
flvsbsu::yes good for heat
Pinkycuh::Epitome of LA thinking transcends to their sports: "OMG, that Kevin Durant guy is like soo outta style, I mean his last win was Sooooo 2 days ago. Yea Righttttt!"
soonerfan150::OKC will find their stride in the playoffs. A) I think their defense is better than earlier in the year, now we need to complete that will our offense and we should be fine. B) Anyone that says KD isn't clutch is dumb...the dude missed one GW shot, even though he made a 3-pt shot to tie the game before Paul's amazing GW shot. C) The West is the best and Thunder fans (me included) need to figure out that the playoff run is going to be tough. Sure, 1st round we can get by Denver in 4 or 5 games like last year. But the 2nd round we might get the Grizzlies or Clippers. That will be a tough match up. WCF, it could be the Spurs whom have our number this year. Spurs are the only true team that I can say that I am afraid of matching up against in the playoffs, unless their old selves get beat out in the playoffs again.   With that said I still believe the Thunder can win this. They have great chemistry and can be unstoppable if playing like they should. Thunder up!
ekpe ronaldo::<strong>lol epic fail <a href="http://hoopsgrind.com/2012/04/11/wednesday-gameday-observations-41112/">http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYqGK2s6vW4</a> </strong>
sespi001::why is it that OKC can lose games and nobody doubts their capability of going to the finals,but if the heat lose a couple theyre pronounced officially done
balltillifall_88::its simple. because lebron chokes, and durant doesnt. im not hatin, but facts are facts.
Pinkycuh::Sespi, change your name to sespool. That's about as valuable of what. You are talking about.
Pinkycuh::Majority of OKC losses are less than 5 points. Could have gone either way. And tell me when you have seen any team besides spurs dominate top teams, point wise, in wins like OKC this year?
sespi001::BS.. a loss is a loss
sespi001::how about when the heat were blowing teams out good or bad by at least 12 points for 9 straight games, everyone was quiet then.  Its an up and down season, and OKC and Miami are having trouble winning games. I still think theyre the two best teams in their conference, I just think one teams gets a pass on the normal ups and downs of the regular season while another one doesnt.  And I've been watching ball since 93 so dont assume like you know more than everyone u pr!ck
Pinkycuh::Ok. We will see in playoffs which is easier to overcome genius, an 18 point deficit, or a 3 point deficit....since a loss is a loss. Go play bball before you comment about it.
Pinkycuh::Because OKC losses are not by huge deficits, max loss,by mavs-13, then clippers, -12. That's it. Riddle solved.
kobe bryant from the lakers now that paper::durant not going to overtake the mamba tossin up bricks like that lololol
kobe bryant from the lakers now that paper::kobe would have sinked that GW
ustna::You're right...they are still equals in that area.
hapatino::Durant/Westbrook:  10/35 combined Durant choked - again.  Please stop the MVP nonsense. Looked good for one day only. Now they are struggling to win as many games as they are losing.
Tune7::CP3 for MVP should be getting more media attention, especially for his 4th Quarter play.
xmanfolife::Only on Playstation....
Pinkycuh::Using clippers logic for this equation. Clippers beat OKC 2 times and lost once- Lakers beat clippers 2 times and lost once- OKC beat lakers 2 times and havnt lost. Therefore x+y+z= OKC must be the kings of Los Angeles since they have the least amount of losses in this triad. Makes sense.
kobe bryant from the lakers now that paper::except OKC is king of sh.itty Oklahoma, thank god i didnt grow up in a trailer park
kobe bryant from the lakers now that paper::lol uh wut? at least i have friends
Pinkycuh::Just cause you didn't grow up in a trailer park, doesn't mean you don't belong in one. I'm sure your friends even agree.
vballboy55::Griffin is a pu ssy... whenever the game is on the line DO NOT pass to him.. he is afraid and always passes it away
Pinkycuh::I don't get how the bonehead NBA fans can even make it through a day without accidentally killing themselves. Keep saying thunder won't get anywhere in playoffs, even though they went farther last year than your team...oh my bad, this is your 1st playoffs. Westbrook shooting better than last year. Newsflash, OKC hasnt been beat as many times as your so called "great team". Gimme a break.
crondito::A little bitter from the two losses?  You just got a team, calm down
kobe bryant from the lakers now that paper::you have a pretty short term view there trailer park boy
AndySportsB::Lmao, I guess the consensus was Heat Vs Thunder in finals to Thunder getting first rounded...right.
BarrelRider04::Blake's dunk on Serge was SICK! Paul was unstoppable. Good thing for Clips Durand and Westbrick had off nights. Surely, the Clipper defense is still pathetic.
CandySparker::Jesus Christ Paul Lotta Love!
izrosechinese::Ha Ha Ha Ha! OKC is going NOWHERE in the playoffs! CHOKLAHOMA!
Pinkycuh::You sir..are an idiot. How many losses does your team have again. Bulls only team that  have less than OKC. So let me get this straight, OKC is going nowhere but all the other teams with more losses are? You sir..are an idiot.
Im posting during my morning dump at work::great game. Both teams are unselfish. Westbrook will make or break the team most nights. Hes improving each year. Would be a great series if they meet in the postseason.
izrosechinese::CHOKLAHOMA!
WashFlokie::we saw your dewche post up there dork
WashFlokie::so it was Westbrooks fault? did you even watch the game? KD brick fest
WashFlokie::yeah i like CP3 since okc hornets, not a fan of clippers tho
Im posting during my morning dump at work::the haters would love to have him
WashFlokie::true, its always Russ's fault tho on these boards. getting old
Im posting during my morning dump at work::i enjoy watching both teams
Im posting during my morning dump at work::sigh....not blaming him. but if he gets into a rhythm - he's kinda unstoppable
Im posting during my morning dump at work::Blake shows that he does more than dunk. 7 assists. 12 rebs.
betcha1992::Chris Paul &amp; Blake Griffin are the best actresses in LA.  It's getting disgusting watching them play.
cp3clipp::KD and Westbrook are the best actresses IN SUPPORTING ROLES in the NBA universe.
WashFlokie::Thunder needs to runs better plays. stop dribble up and go der and then chunk bricks
Pinkycuh::I like how some clippers fan act like we got dominated when Paul hits last second circus shot to win by 2(was a nice shot though). Dont forget, last time OKC beat you by 23, that's domination.
ustna::Clips won 2 out of 3 this season....23 pt loss means nothing
Pinkycuh::This thunder not going far in the playoffs, where did you people get your education? They went further last year than every team in west except Dallas. Westbrook is shooting better this year than last, I've watched every game. Except 2, but still. It's like saying, you bone d my girl all last year, she won't do it this year. You people are beyond dumb.
cp3clipp::domination is also the confidence, coolness and quality in stretches, in tide games (the contrary is flopping in 4th quarters as OKC does - see Ardor48's remarks):  this is how you win play-offs series, cause in play-offs you ain't match a team you can beat by 25 points...
AndySportsB::You wouldn't know though, since well..you are a clips fan and all.
cp3clipp::Hopefully Clipps will end 3rd and play aganist Rockets, Mavs or Nuggs. Don't like a first round against Grizzs.. But give us Lakers and we'll make history!
Minoli87::Both interesting teams to watch. CP3 is my favorite PG in the league, and arguably one of the best, along with Westbrook and Rondo.   I'd take OKC in a 7 game series though over the Clippers.
drmcfunk::Best defense my Clippers have played in awhile. The great thing is our 3 point shooting was terrible last night, no one was on their game. It makes me wonder how well we could do if Foye, Butler, Williams, or Young had a great shooting night
Fight-against-trolling::OKC has now lost 4 of their last 6.. No more talk of KD for MVP please..Thunder Up!! I mean down..
drmcfunk::Both my Clippers and Kings beat the best teams in their conferences last night. I don't remember the last time i felt this good about my teams
markpringle2003::There needs to be a website called...IveBeenDunkedOnByBlake.com
Ardor48::KD in the 4th quarter in recent losses after the allstar game: 0-7 vs Jazz 1-8 vs Houstan 2-11 vs Clippers 1-6 vs Memphis 2-8 vs Spurs I will also research on his performance in the 4th q before the all-star game...stay tuned!
SirCrazyWolf.::K. Durant  is overrated
Ardor48::I don't know if he is over-rated but he does seem to consistently perform poorly in the 4th quarter this season.
Griffeyfreak4::KD = anti-clutch
THE TEEGEMAN::Dont type that Griffeyfreak4..anti-clutch is officialy out of your vocabulary..KD=clutch...KD=CLUTCH....KD=CLUTCH...ECT.
nba is the worst::Nice to see Westbrook only took 14 shots (officially) - too bad he missed 11 of them though (0-3 in the 4th)
THE TEEGEMAN::Westbrook shooting that bad!  He needs to get his mojo back!  Same with KD!
THE TEEGEMAN::How the hell did the clippers beat the thunder.  WESTBROOK AND DURANT MUST BE SICK...THATS THE ONLY EXPLANATION!
ACandOJ::Trap game....Thunder were looking ahead to the Kings game
THE TEEGEMAN::Trap game..well thats playing a little sneaky..Any why would they look a game ahead.  These are pros, they know better than to look a game ahead..THEY ARE ALL FIRED!
1Realthing::Know how I know the Clippers are good? They have haters. All of the laker fans that stay up till 1am trolling a Clipper's comment page are just proving how relevant the Clippes are. So keep talking trash and spewing hate, because it's only showing us how scared you really are!
Dented_rim::When I was 37 yo, I could have done as well as Fisher's April has been.  The Thunder has room for DF but not Nate-Rob?
yeahgodisgood2me::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone that is looking for a system that actually works. There is a reason this system is all over Google as highly rated, it works
.SouthCentral.LosAngeles.::GREAT DAY FOR L.A SPORTS   LAKERS MAN HANDLE THE SPURS WITHOUT THE GREATEST   DODGERS WON AND IMPROVE TO 5-1   KINGS WON THEIR SERIES OPENER AND LEAD 1-0   THE MIGHTY UCLA BRUINS RECRUITED SHABAZZ AND K.ANDERSON, 2 OF THE TOP 5 NATIONWIDE RECRUITS   THE ANA-HUH ANGELS LOST   THE FLIPPERS BEATED THE THUNDER, BUT THEIR STILL THE SORRY ASZ FLIPPERS FRANCHISE NO ONE CAN CHANGE THAT...more
kobepac24::Love the post must agree with everything including the flippers take.
kezmicdust::I was going to say the same about the Clippers, Kings and Dodgers. I forgot the Lakers played as well.
