JLinNASA::There are fake-posing Lin fans out there that post BS about Lin being a superstar and getting rid of Harden and everyone is a racist ... to incite fighting between the fans.  To those mother-fakers, GTHOH!   I'm a big Lin an, followed him from NY.  Lin is developing and exciting to watch. Make no mistake, we need Harden to be contenders.
JLinNASA::What a fantastic game for Omer!  Asik was a monster for for us. Glad to see his game improve vastly. He is catching the ball much better and dunking almost every shot now. Asik even hit a surprising 20 footer. Sweet!     He made some awesome outlet pass to Lin for easy layups (our hidden PG in a 7foot body).    Next thing for Omer to work on is the alley-oops like Tyson in NY. Yeah!    Go Omer! Go Rox!
pistol111847::How can we win this game without Jeremy and Omer looking too good?  -McHale
SalamanderGT::McHale doesn't have an agenda against Lin or Asik.  He's just an average to below-average coach that doesn't make timely in-game decisions.  His lack of experience, is the reason why the rotations are so questionable, and why there's so many head-scratchers during the game.  This team is about 2-3 years away from being serious contenders, and having a players coach isn't bad.  I'd like to see McHale coach one more year, and then Houston needs a championship caliber Xs and Os type of coach to get them to the next level.
SalamanderGT::Omer's been a rebounding maniac, but he's had some awful offensive performances.  No one on the Rockets has been consistent.  As McHale loves to state, this is a very young team.  The youngest in the league, and they're on the verge of making the playoffs.  I believe the core is there to be a perennial playoff contender.  Will they win a championship?  As long as Lebron is in the league, probably not.
jdbelite::His lack of experience? Not one person on the Rockets has been consistent besides Omer. He is consistently getting better. The questionable rotations is because of the inconsistency of the players. 2-3 years away? No way. More like 2-3 SOLID players to become serious contenders in the West.
JLinNASA::But that is just it.  How many more losses or near losses will we see.  If you have a good opponents, they will come back on your bench and can win the game.  It is scary to let a huge lead dwindle like that.  Is McHale trying to make the game more exciting for the Magic fans?
laraven1216::One thing people need forget is the Rockets would not have sign Lin if they already had Harden there games are to similar that being said it takes time for player to mesh together. OKC has two young players who need the ball in their hands and it took them a couple of years before they became elite give it time they will figure it out.
MannyTexans24::Every single post is about Lin and Mchale..  Its getting annoying.. Write bout the amazing play of asik for once.. They should jus rename it to Lin's rockets..
PurpleStorm95::Who is Asik?
JCabby25::Asik was amazing. Loved his play last night.
JLinNASA::@Manny  Asik was a monster for for us.  Glad to see his game improve vastly.  He is catching the ball much better and dunking almost every shot now.  Asik even hit a surprising 20 footer. Sweet!    He made some awesome outlet pass to Lin for easy layups (our hidden PG in a 7foot body).  Next thing for Omer to work on is the alley-oops like Tyson in NY.  Yeah!  Go Omer!  Go Rox!
SalamanderGT::Amazing how your post is also about Lin and McHale, instead of praising Omer.  You should just be relabeled, LOF or LOHs.  Whichever you prefer.
3rdCoastTexan281::It never fails; Rockets win the game, and LOF find something to whine about. Sad really...
JLinNASA::There are fake Lin fans who post idiot crap to incite all of the fans.  To these mother-fakers, stop trolling!
SalamanderGT::Sad that the Rockets won, and you have to whine about the LOFs.  Very sad indeed.
SalamanderGT::You know, sometimes you talk to someone, and they're really annoying.  You can do one of two things in that situation:  1) Ignore 2) Change topic  If you choose to talk about nonsense with people that talk about nonsense, you are only adding to the noise.
3rdCoastTexan281::There is big difference between whining about team victories and whining about a contingent of obnoxious fans. And it was just an observation about these fake fans. The point was they aren't Rockets fans, hence they want Lin traded away from the Rockets and cry even when the team wins. I love Lin, but his fanbase is pathetic. They make these boards utterly unbearable. I remember being able to come to Rockets boards and have intelligent conversations. That is a distant memory now...
Wisdom and Compassion::Jeremy Lin= Wisdom and Compassion  James Harden= Greed, Hatred, and Delusion
JLinNASA::There are fake Lin fans , like the one above, who post idiot crap to incite all of the fans.    To these mother-fakers, stop trolling!
MannyTexans24::Shutup dude.. Hating on Harden
SalamanderGT::This dude is a troll, a person pretending to be a Lin fan, to get you MannyTexans24, all riled up.  You probably already know this, but I'm pointing it out, just in case you don't.
I Am Tracy McGrady::Go Rockets
Dawan208::What's up with benching Lin in the 4th quarter every game.  I hope this doesn't happen in the playoffs.
Paul Apoundstone::They were already up by a sig. margin. No reason to pad their stats - let the bench get some work/minutes in.   I love Lin, but i'm also a realist and Harden will need to be at 100 percent if Rox want to get out of the first round of the Playoffs. Let's celebrate the win together. and unify for unity.    .
JLinNASA::@Paul  Unity my brother!  Peace!
Virgomused::I just love how, in every post game write up, Espn forgets to mention the fact that Orlando is without ALL of their veteran leaders. Jameer Nelson, Arron afflalo, big baby. The first sentence in the write up tells us that Houston is without its two leading scorers but doesn't mention that the magics starting 2guard was an undrafted rookie and that oquin, harkless, vucevic, Harris, jones, Moore and Nicholson are all first or second year players (from a lockout) and the only player with experience was udrih. They make it seem like Houston pulled off the infathomable by knocking off a more inexperienced and injury depleted team. Bravo!!
SalamanderGT::If the Magic won, that would've been the headline.  "Magic win w/o Nelson and Affalo"  They lost, so no one cares.
EasyRun18::Rockets vs Magic not exactly men vs boys, Magic really one of the worst managed teams.  Rockets overall younger than the Magic, in addition, the Magic payroll ranked #3 behind only the $100mil Lakers and free spending Nets, higher than the Heat, Knicks, etc why? stupid contracts such as Arenas, Hedo, Harrington Rockets, youngest and lowest payroll PAYOFF team Magic, highest payroll lottery team right behind the $100mil Lakers
Virgomused::I wasn't debating whether or not the rockets had rookies. I was saying that Espn made it seem like the magic were at full health and that the rockets pulled off the unthinkable without their two top scorers.  They were playing a magic team consisting of the second youngest player in the nba, 2transplants from Milwaukee that just got here a month ago, an undrafted FA rookie, and a second year center that was a reserve last year with a first year coach on a 5 game road trip. Houston was working with SIGNED FA's, low first round pics and a team that has played together all season.
trizzo23::how old are rockets players? beno only magic player over 22..with more then 1 yr exp..that played
Filthee12::The Rockets didn't have any veterans except Delfino. Most of their players are first time starters and inexperienced players. The key is that the Rockets were still able to win, the Magic couldn't win
1953cdw::Gotta give Morey credit...again. When he threw all that money at Asik...basically, a reserve, I questioned his sanity. He obviously knew something.
samnishanth::LIn is better to drop on to play with griffin!!..
sleepyhnl::If DiAntoni is coaching the Lakers next year, maybe a trade is possible for Lin.  Or if CP3 leaves the Clippers, Lin can go play with Griffin.  Either situation would be great for Jeremy, back in CA and no McHale.
Paul Apoundstone::The kind of revenue that JL7 brings in for the Houston organization is crazy. Morey is not going to let go of the "Oriental Capital Kid". He generates sooo much off his name alone and with the international sponsors on deck and what they pay the Rox group - Lin is a deal no matter how you perceive it.   He may receive a lot of backlash in his home territory, but throughout the sphere (especially in Asia)... The man is an international star at this point.
JLinNASA::@Paul  Well said.  Rockets weren't chosen to play in Phillipines and Taiwan b accidsent.  They love Lin and follow him from NY to Houston.  (such as I).  Les Alexander and Morey wanted Rockets to get more attention, Lin's name was dialed up.
rm90025::Morey has a decision to make.  Given how much Lin has improved this season and how he performed last season, he will be a bargain at the PG position for a lot of teams, especially when you consider what John Wall is looking to make.  A lot of teams are going to ask for Lin in any trade.  Lin's contract would almost have to be included in any trade to offset the contract value of the player Morey would look to buy (Pau Gasol, Dwight Howard, Josh Smith).
bassadilla05::And there's absolutely ZERO chance that Jeremy and James can learn and grow so that they can be more effective together, right? Because all teammates know exactly how to play with each other from day one and it never takes any effort, right? /endsarcasm
sleepyhnl::They could, but both take their marching orders from the coach.  As you noticed I said, no McHale.
truthu2::yep, someone has got to part way..because I don't think mcFail will change.
rm90025::I just think it's stupid to eat into the minutes of a productive young player the way that McHale has done with Lin in the last month.  In March, Lin shot 48% from the floor, 40% from 3, and was a key player in winning several important games.  Yet, he ended up playing 4 fewer minutes per game than the prior month.  That doesn't make sense.  It obviously knocked him out of rhythm when he had that 4 game stretch where he had less than 10 points per game, just after scoring 20 in 4 consecutive games.  It wasn't about Lin being a young, inconsistent player.  It was about his coach eating into his minutes and limiting his role on the court to the point where it affected his play at times.
bassadilla05::This is a ridiculous line of thought. Look up Lin's post game comments. He knows that it's easier on him when James isn't in the game, BUT he also knows how much more potent the team is when both he and James are on the court. They are still learning and growing TOGETHER and he knows how much better they can be as a pair. They have not reached the level of play that they are capable of together, but that doesn't mean they will never attain that.   Young teams and young players are rarely consistent. This season we have seen excellent games by each player individually, and excellent games together. It's not going to be perfect every game. All this early success is spoiling some of you fair-weather fans.
whosaysstufflikethat::Lin says kind comments about Harden because Lin is a nice guy and doesn't like to bash teammates. Get real, Harden runs HIS own show when he's on the court and it's all about him and his stats.   He's the worst drain on team energy and team rhythm. Very little ball movement with him and his plays are getting overly predictable. Get ball --&gt; drive with NO opening --&gt; get fouled --&gt; make 100 FT's per game.   McHale however likes cockiness and selfishness so enables Harden and now is tacking on Beverly to his entourage. Yes I agree, bball is a team game played by FIVE players on a team, but too many players play like Harden now
ChuckCharlesCharlie::McHale doesn't like his PG to dribble 2 much, he likes to have the PG pass the ball quickly or sho ot. He calls what Lin does or CP3 over-dribbling the ball.
sagematic::Mchale doesn't seem to get along very well with PGs.  I think he had issues with Lowry too.  Mchale seems to have a hard time letting PGs do their thing and appears to be very controlling.  I would say that he has an authoritarian parenting style where he doesn't give PGs much freedom to exercise their own choice making.
truthu2::he doesn't seem to have any problem with Harden or Beverley playing the PG spot.. what I mean is mcFail's tolerance level for mistakes is much higher for them than it is for Lin.
George85146::it may just be Lowry, because he's having problems up in Toronto too. They tried to trade him but no one would take him so they traded Calderon
eenz3::Smells like point shaving
Denzel7587::Go, go, go Rockets onwards to the playoffs. See you in the next games Lin &amp; Rockets fans.
AY410::Take it easy Denzel
Denzel7587::After these two excellent games, it's time for Lin to rest. He has never missed a game this season.
Denzel7587::The good thing about what McHale is doing to Lin is Lin trying hard to improve his game. Thankful for McHale and Sampson for the unfair treatment. Kudos to Lin for having the right attitude in dealing with painful adjustments.
Denzel7587::Jeremy Lin plays exceptionally when he's playing THE POINT GUARD. Make him a shooting guard, you'll see more turnovers than a score. Not playing the PG is the main explanation of Lin's inconsistent performance as part of the Rockets. I hope he plays this role from this point hereon. By the way, it's not only Jeremy Lin that suffers from bad performance. Even the league's top PG suffers from one from time to time: Chris was 2-12 today against the Pacers; 10 points, 8 assists, 4 turnovers in 30 minutes of play.
Denzel7587::The coach gambled with the team's chances today. If Lin plays poorly even in the first 3 minutes of the 4th quarter, he'll be immediately benched. Post-media statement of McHale never ever mentioned Lin's good performance today. Asik was the best player today, but it was Lin who helped unleashed the latent offensive potential of Asik. Hope Lin finally gets the respect of Rockets fans as THE POINT GUARD.
sagematic::Not sure why mchale kept the bench players in in the last minutes of the fourth quarter.  His usual pattern is to yank out the players who are not playing well, so it was surprising to see him give his bench players a chance to redeem themselves.  Too bad he doesn't have the same type of faith or patience with Lin and Asik when they aren't playing as well.
sagematic::Yea, i remember those games.  I would be scared to make mistakes if I were playing for mchale.
Denzel7587::As far as I can recall, McHale has never given Lin a chance to redeem himself when he plays poorly. Of course, we know that back in New York there were several games where Lin played poorly in the first 3 quarters but suddenly had an explosive performance in the 4th quarter. McHale does not use a merit system when it comes to Lin. It's annoying really.
tungcn2010::This game has point shaving written all thru the 4th q
bobbydagreat::It's always great when the role players can step it up and get a win when the best players are out.
Denzel7587::You were harping about these role players stepping up with Harden and Parsons out. The role players did not just step up, they dominated the opponent in the first quarter. 32 vs 14 (18-point lead) in the first quarter alone. And to think that we were beaten by 1 point by the Magic last March 1 in the first quarter (31 Rockets vs 32 Magic). Hope these role players finally get the respect they deserve from the coaching staff and people who claim to be Rockets fans first.
Denzel7587::Who were the role players you were talking about?
Denzel7587::"Beaverly plays better defense than Lin". Still questionable. Tony Parker, Chris Paul exposed Beaverly's defensive weakness. They scored (assists + points) 6 points quickly in 2 minutes with Beaverly; 7 minutes for these top PGs to score 6 points on Lin. Beaverly was given a chance by McHale to step up today: he failed. really. He's just good as a back-up PG, not a starter.
Filthee12::While I agree, saying Parker and CP3 exposed him is a joke. You're putting a rookie on 2 of the best PG in basketball. Of course he's going to be exposed. And Lin letting Parker score6 in 7 minutes isn't good either. It's possible that if Parker didn't score those 6 with Lin, he wouldn't have the momentum to score 6 against Beverly.
sagematic::Beverly has great energy.  But, today, there was a sense of chaos when he was on the court.  It's like the players didn't know where to go or what to do, especially in the 4th quarter.
NBAProphet667::Beverly is a back-up player, that's all there is to it.  This is why the PER48 stats are a joke.  Any bench player can come in for 5 minutes and score a couple of baskets and then you have "analyst" arguing, WOW, if he plays 48 minutes he can average 30+ points!  Stupid, back-up players that does something in 10 minutes is different than what he can do in 30.  Beverly is that type of player, decent for 10-15 minutes, but that's it.  Play him more, like tonight for 22 minutes, and he still gave you the same crap.  4 points 2 assists.  I guess those numbers look much better in just 10 minutes than 22 minutes.
Jason Stone Lee::I believe you could be better coach than McFail!
JLinNASA::Excellent insight.  I like Bev, but in short burst.   Lin is our PG.
Khaos0924::I think Bev plays really good D if he plays in short bursts, like a energizer off the bench.  He usually become too erratic after a long period of playing time.  But he definitely plays good D and rebounds well, he needs better court vision to trigger fast breaks more often.
Khaos0924::I watched the game live on League Pass, there's a point around the 2 min mark, when Magics pulled within 6 pts or so, Lin stood up and asked the coaching staff to see if he can go back in.  Anyhow, I am glad Houston eventually pulled it out, otherwise, imagine what would be like on this board, people will go crazy on the coach.
tungcn2010::Coach is a moron regardless...
setrue::So apparent that McFair would rather chance losing a game than let Lin play more than his "alotted time."  McFail has a clear agenda to hold back Lin.  Most likely his resentment that the Owner brought back a player he cut.
Denzel7587::Lin as THE POINT GUARD not just a point guard of the team. Finally Lin has become candid about his situation in Houston.
Khaos0924::LOL, I can't believe Lin actually said that in the post game interview when asked about if he thinks he would need to go back in the 4th qtr... "I don't know, I am pretty allergic to 4th qtr these days...", I don't think he was taking a shot at McHale, he was just being honest, he laughed about it too, I hope Lin fans don't overreact to this.  But it was funny though for sure... Even a humble guy like him, jokes about his 4th qtr benching.. LOL.
JLinNASA::In the interview after his game winning shot against the Raptors, Lin said that he likes having the ball in his hand toward the end of the game.  McHale, your job is to maximize your players' strength.  In your own words McHale, If you are doing a horsesh!t job, does someone have to tell you.
rayduhhs::yeah Feigen's response to that is totally clueless. Of course Lin is fed up with not playing in the 4th quarter. And he finally expressed it in his own non Brandon Jennings way. To think he's just joking to is nonsense.
setrue::It's a telling comment from a nice guy, team player Lin who is getting fed up with McFail jerking him around.
NBAProphet667::I don't know if Rox owner ever watch any NBA games, but if he did, tonight's game should be the final straw, he should order Morey to fire McHale.  Of course, the bad part is, he seems to love Chris Fitch, the same Fitch that drew up the "anybody can be the PG" offense the Rox runs.
NBAProphet667::By ESPN's fancy advanced stat the Rox are rated number 4 overall in the NBA, but their record is anything bu that, and an ESPN commentator points the finger at McHale's coaching.  Enough said.
Ferndale for Sale::The Rockets are a better team without Harden
Skatingseveneleven::The Heat is better without Wade ?
chrisausten1203::No, it's not. JLin said that the Rockets is a more dangerous team with Harden.
reformtheo@hotmail.com::I try not to talk about Lin because you either get label "Lin lover" by idiots, or "Lin hater" by posters from China that barely comprehends English.  However, again, watching tonight's game made me sick to my stomach about how McHale seems like he rather throw away a game then play Lin more.  Tonight there's absolutely no excuses whatsoever.  Lin was on fire, 18 points and 11 assists in 30 minutes of play.  He is +21 and when he's on the floor the Rox are running, they play with higher energy, and you can tell it's a huge different.  Players around Lin knows that as long as they keep moving and get open then Lin will get them the ball.  However, for whatever reason, McHale still rather to feature Beverly for an amazing 22 minutes despite a horrible game he put out there, -5 and shot 2 for 8, the stats don't tell the story.  He ignores runners running the floor because he knows he isn't as precision in making cross-court pass.  I don't know if you guys that watched it on TV noticed, but I was there at the game, and I counted at least 4 times when the Rox rebound there was a "gunner" running down the floor with a step open, and if the PG is Lin you can count on a football pass right into his hands, but Beverly either never looks up or looked up but did nothing but slow dribble up the floor.  Players will NOT run the open court if the PG doesn't deliver, and this is counter to Rox's run-and-gun game.  It does seem McHale thinks the time is right to replace Lin as the starter with Beverly, and the coaching staff is convinced that overall, Beverly is the better player.  This is why Morey signed Brooks, a message that Lin is exposable.
TimW57::I try not to talk about Lin because you either get label(ED) "Lin lover" by idiots, or "Lin hater" by posters from China that(WHO) barely comprehends (NO 'S') English. However, again, watching tonight's game made me sick to my stomach about how McHale seems like he (WOULD) rather throw away a game then (THAN) play Lin more. Tonight there's absolutely no excuses whatsoever. Lin was on fire, 18 points and 11 assists in 30 minutes of play. He is +21 and when he's on the floor the Rox are running, they play with higher energy, and you can tell it's a huge different(ENCE). Players around Lin knows (NO 'S') that as long as they keep moving and get open(,) then Lin will get them the ball. However, for whatever reason, McHale still (WOULD) rather to (no TO) feature Beverly for an amazing 22 minutes despite a horrible game he put out there, -5 and shot 2 for 8, the stats don't tell the story (Not a good sentence, right?). He ignores runners running the floor because he knows he isn't as precision (PRECISE) in making cross-court pass (ES). I don't know if you guys that watched it on TV noticed, but I was there at the game, and I counted at least 4 times when the Rox rebound (ED) (AND) there was a "gunner" running down the floor with a step open(?), and if the PG is Lin you can count on a football pass right into his hands, but Beverly either never looks up or looked(S) up but did (DOES, same tense that was started) nothing but slow dribble up the floor. Players will NOT run the open court if the PG doesn't deliver, and this is counter to Rox's run-and-gun game.   Maybe you are a Lin lover from China who is still getting bashed and stereotyped even though you are working very hard to learn two languages, and helping the American economy by watching the NBA?  TEEHEE!!!! Just messing. Agree w/ you about McHale's benching Lin - but last night it really seemed like he was resting him, if anything it will prove that he needs Lin in the game often.  But still, we need to move away from assumptions. There is this subtle suggestion that Chinese Lin fans know nothing about basketball, and also nothing of English and are stupid trolls. There are also a lot of Asian-American fans who love the game of basketball and love the English language as well!
whosaysstufflikethat::As much as I disagree with McHale's decisions in the past, in a game when your team has a nice sizable lead in the 4th, it's good to rest your starters. Plus you want your starters healthy for the postseason. Granted the Magic had a surge in the 4th but McHale's got lucky with his gamble of not bringing back Asik and Lin.
rayduhhs::this has happened way too many times for people to not realize that something is up, come on now.
NBAProphet667::Train the bench when playoff comes?  Any coach in the NBA knows Playoff time is Starter time, you shrink down to 8-man rotation during the playoffs.  Each starter getting at least 36 minutes or more, the key players such as Harden gets at least 38 minutes or more.  If anything resting starters is get them to play extensive minutes in the playoffs, not "training the bench" in the playoffs.
whosaysstufflikethat::Indeed playoff time is starter time but with a handful of games BEFORE playoffs, you want to rest your starters as much as you can unless you are vying for a playoff spot. The last thing you want is a starter injury when your spot is already secured.   I agree it was a gamble especially with 5 mins left, but we squeaked out a win and our starters made their point. Now if we lost...then you better expect heads to roll.
JLinNASA::Preach it, Brotha!
chrisausten1203::I don't think McHale thought Beverly is a better player--only that Beverly plays better defense than Lin sometimes. McHale does need to trust JLin more, but today's game is understandable since they have such a huge lead at the end of the 3rd quarter. McHale wants to train the bench since the playoff time is coming. Luckily they still nail the game otherwise I guess a lot of people will yell for McHale's head.
NBAProphet667::preach on brother!
lomahtw::did anyone read about Lin's tweeting about this game?
I81OICU812::He almost never tweets about the game.....  Definitely never after a loss.......  After a win, it's more about the fans than anything else.
sports guy12::he didn't tweet anything
HatersDieEnvious::he tweeted what?
sports guy12::did they fall asleep in the 4th?
setrue::McFail is horrible..............Morey can't you see it?
I81OICU812::McHale is forrible..... Uh McFail is horrible...................
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::the 4th quarter is exactly the reason why Mchale should not be the coach moving forward.  Good grief this guy is terrible at managing his personnel.
m_gunners::Ranking grades for today: Asik A++, Lin A+, Smith A, Garcia  A, Robinson,Anderson,Delfino,Beverley B+...excellent all round team effort for the 2nd game running......of course we still need our best players Harden and Parsons to be back quickly but it all depends on Frankenstein to get it right....if he can't,he doesn't deserve to coach an NBA team let alone a college team...there is already several worldwide petition asking him FO.....but let's see how he does when Harden comes back and the end result from this man!
rayduhhs::Harden always plays even with big leads and banged up, he's the main guy you would want to rest in blowouts or with big leads but McHale never does. There's been a good number of those and now it has taken it's toll on him. Wake up bro.
HatersDieEnvious::even in not blowout games.. whats up for that?
buimonster::conspiracy theories bro
HatersDieEnvious::he is benching lin.. i don't understand the idea..
JLinNASA::Yes with a blowout, you can rest the starters.  But when your opponents is catching up within 5 points and you are still gambling on your bench to pull through, you are not a good coach.  I want to support McHale but bonehead substitution is costing us games.  Btw, Is McHale a LOH too?   Sorry, couldn't resist.
NBAProphet667::buimonster - you don't understand that during blowouts teams usually rest their starters and let the bench finish the game?  And you don't understand that once the opponent made a push to within 10, which is striking distance in NBA, the head coach will immediately return their starters.  But McHale chose not to and almost blew the game.  At one point the Magic are only down by 6 with 5 minutes to go.  This isn't about Lin, this is about coaching, and he sucks as a coach.  I don't give a F about Lin, but I give a F about Rox winning, and I'm sick and tire watching McHale losing games by his dumb rotations.
Slambo12345::Not that I want to defend Mchale because he's mediocre on his BEST nights....but I had no real problem with most of his decisions late, they just didn't pan out. He can get more respect as a coach if he can incorporates Lin more and manage to keep our PF's active like they were tonight.
Slambo12345::Theoretically its not bad, but it was clear that late in the 3rd the Magic started to cover up Asik down low...what transpired after the Magic called their first TO was 1-4 from Lin with 2 assists but 2 turnovers. The numbers and flow of the game called for a change and even though the bench struggled McHale was looking to coast with Bev...lower risk less reward but he wasn't gonna blow that lead.
buimonster::playing them another 4-5 minutes is not a bad idea, but I think this was more of an issue of the bench not being able to close the game out strong like they should've. Also playoffs are right around the corner and I rather not have the starters injured playing in garbage time.
Slambo12345::Yeah...the third quarter when we were badly outplayed and they started to fill the paint to prevent us from playing insides out screamed to do it again in the 4th. SMH...The combo got us through the first two quarters with great results, the Magic countered, so McHale tried something different in the 4th. He was trying to win a game, not stick it to his PG who he will need to make any sort of a playoff run.
m_gunners::buimonster,the correct thing to do was to keep Lin and Asik for 4-5 minutes in the 4th...cushion the big lead to around 15-20pts then let them exit to an standing ovation from the supporters! That's what a real good coach will do!
Slambo12345::I guess we're supposed to forget the fact his lineups during the 1st and 2nd quarter were nearly perfect for having your top 2 scoring options out but we're only supposed to pay attention when Lin isn't in during the 4th...he wasn't needed
buimonster::you don't understand that during blowouts teams usually rest their starters and let the bench finish the game?
HatersDieEnvious::I hope McHale will be way smarter when playoff time comes..
SCalum06::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yO8PLTp7opI -McHale after the game  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SO69wuV3TlY -Lin after the game  The tension between the two is palpable... McHale completely dodges the question when he's asked a question about Jeremy Lin. Lin mentions how he "seems to be alergic to 4th quarters these days..." Lin's candidness about the drama surrounding him on the Rockets is very refreshing.
SCalum06::Good, solid, intelligent post there 19Houston75.
19Houston75::There's aliens in them thar hillz!!!!
setrue::More like in you brain.....and its winning.
NewAges::enough laugh at LOHs today good night all
NewAges::Any point guard you pick &gt; Lin ---LOHs  Any team with Lin &gt; teams without Lin
m_gunners::I had to limit the win to single digit or it would have looked bad on Harden,so don't question my 4th quarter line up,we still won right,and that makes me the best scheming coach in the NBA - Mchale after the game....
fortuitous_rapscallion::didn't see game, what did he do to the lineup at the end?
m_gunners::leading by almost 19...he kept Lin,Asik the 2 highest scorers out of the entire 4th and Magic got to within 6pts with 5mins remaining
NewAges::Talking about the experience Knicks can't beat the inexperience Rockets this season...Next, season, Rockets got more experience....what are nursing home Knicks going to do? Play with wheel chairs?
GEORGE W. BUSH IS THE MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::THE ONE THING WE COULD ALL AGREED ON, NY BRICKS FANS ARE WORSE THAN THE FAKER FANS;)
HatersDieEnvious::right
nbafanatic69::you guys do realize there's a reason for lin's benching, right?  mchale recognizes when lin's trying to pad his own stats, so he's got no choice but to bench lin.  mchale's mentioned it during interviews, face it.
m_gunners::oh no Linfanatics69 is back again.....have you seen a doctor???? That brain damage caused by Lin's departure from New York is getting bad to worse....
HatersDieEnvious::lol.. haters gonna die envious..hahaha
HatersDieEnvious::mc fails is not a good coach either.. the players are saving mc fails asssssssss
Slambo12345::Ahhh....so you are WHATUPHATER but obviously got blocked for a night...I see now
GEORGE W. BUSH IS THE MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::I BET YOU HAVE A LINSANITY POSTER ON YOUR BEDROOM WALL;)
JLinNASA::i'm from NY.  wish Lin was still here.  but watching Rox games now instead of Knicks.
chrisausten1203::Of course he does. Be sympathetic. Such degree of obsession is rare. He must have loved Lin very much last season and he is still hurt.
nbafan411::I don't think Knicks had won NBA champion in my lifetime? -Kurt Thomas
HatersDieEnvious::This is true
Skip Mindless::Any point guard you pick &gt; Lin
19Houston75::troll ignored
nbafanatic69::wanna know why knicks fans hate LOFs?  cuz they always put their guy's interests ahead of the team.  had that in NY.  now you guys have it here.  lin before the team.  so deluded, these losers.
JLinNASA::@nbafanatics.  i love Linanity in NY.  Followed him here to Houston.  Come join us.  Love watching the Rockets play.  Lin, Omer, Parson and other young guns are developing.  Great chemistry and good ball movement, and great teamwork.
19Houston75::So wait, if someone killed someone I loved, and I hate that person for killing my loved one, I will die envious?
HatersDieEnvious::i guess your just crazy.. we root for lin and for the team..lol
19Houston75::HatersDieEnvious I just love how the young rockets plays and win.. with harden and lin...hahaha  So then you admit that it is in the best interest of the team, that the ball be in Harden's hands as often as possible? That is the most successful offense they've had. It's resulted in nearly every win.
HatersDieEnvious::nbafanatic69 - you couldn't care less about the team, admit it.  it's lin's stats that you value above all.  I just love how the young rockets plays and win.. with harden and lin...hahaha
nbafanatic69::you couldn't care less about the team, admit it.  it's lin's stats that you value above all.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS THE MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::GEE, AND YOU'RE HERE BECAUSE???  THE OBSESSION IS MUTUAL LOL;)
NewAges::Next season, Knicks fans will see the Knicks are 1 year older...and the Rockets 1 year stronger
JLinNASA::please stop with all of the racist remarks - serve no purpose. I'm from NY.  Followed Lin here.   good luck to Rox and Knicks. But I'm rooting for the ROCKETS!
nbafanatic69::melo racist?  are you serious?  it's the lin fans like you that are racist.
nbafanatic69::you guys are younger but not nearly as talented.  you'll be out in the first round.  it's the experience that takes you farther.  you guys have none.
HatersDieEnvious::nbafanatic69 - you guys are younger but not nearly as talented.  you'll be out in the first round.  it's the experience that takes you farther.  you guys have none.  Melo the racist superstar will not bring you knick fans to the promise land..trust me
GEORGE W. BUSH IS THE MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::WELL IT DID TAKE meLO 8/9 TIMES TO MAKE IT OUT OF THE 1ST ROUND SO YEAH LOL;)
HatersDieEnvious::maybe patrick ewing will play for the knicks next season.lol
Skip Mindless::trolllol
19Houston75::OMG, this board is almost worth reading once you block NewAges. It's like 90% of the garbage just vanished.
HatersDieEnvious::haters?
Skatingseveneleven::19Houston75 - Do we hate NewAges? Absolutely! I drop something that looks like him in my toilet every morning.  Amazing ...
19Houston75::Do we hate NewAges? Absolutely! I drop something that looks like him in my toilet every morning.
nbafanatic69::agreed.
