BGSSGB::Gay may have been insufficient at times but he was their best player at creating a shot. Prince going to do that?
RNYC::This was a good trade  -dumb Memphis fans
texasrocks123456::The Hawks need to realize they play their best when Teague plays his best. Everyone points to Horford and Smith as the leaders of this team, but when Teague is able to distribute and make his shots everyone else plays better.
RNYC::If Teague can elevate his game. This team can make a big leap forward. If D12 is smart me signs here in the offseason
rightcoastrider::Yea so Rudy Gay looks totally expendable right about now......great trade Memphis. Good luck relying on Bayless to score 25 a night now that they are a one dimensional low post only team now. Gay Pride, Go Raptors!!!
Zeke Mansfield::Raps fan here, why is Ed Davis not getting any minutes???
moosiphoosus::Most of that trade is not getting "tick-tock" in Memphis...don't worry plenty of "garbage time" will be given to all Griz players
DBlock044::Great win Hawks not lets get in that NO as$.
Credil54::I have been betting with a system named SportsBettingStar for  only two months and have profitted about 3K each month just following its tips. You can find the system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems. If you bet on sports at all you gotta see this.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Oh yea watch out Atlanta cause Mavs are going after Josh Smith in the summer
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Thanks for OJ Mayo Grizzlies!!! You guys forgot even if Rudy Gay wasn't part of the playoff series, Mayo was still in it.
thf24::Mayo was not nearly as effective as a role player for us as he is a starter for you guys.
Dr. John Hollinger::I'm gonna bring the old Pistons championship team back together
Dr. John Hollinger::I'm gonna max out Tayshaun, We are offering 3 first rounders and Conley for Rip Hamilton, Chauncey and Rasheed are hurt, but on our radar, And Big Ben is working out for our scouts.. This is gonna work, It has too!!!
Dr. John Hollinger::Guys you have to trust me..
hmqenz::Grizzlies window is slammed shut. Tell me I'm wrong
karelp::Grizz 1-3 without Gay and only beat a pathetic Wizzards team...bad trade?
Lyvaniel::The Cavs trade was the crazy one ,,,if we where gonna get rig of gay
aise5668::The reason why the Grizzly traded Rudy Gay was because he always dribbles before he shoots
RZye::So you guys still want Pau?   lol
moosiphoosus::Never wanted  to get rid of Josh...and certainly not for old A$$ Pau
roy2daboy::Why would we want Pau back????
RZye::I was talking to the Hawks fans. A few of them on here a couple weeks ago said they'd take Pau for Smith.
emthomasjr::Bayless is scoring efficiently, but he doesn't need to spend much time at point.
roy2daboy::Looks like we're not progressing at all.  Get it together Grizzlies!!!!!!!
emthomasjr::I wouldn't have counted this as a win with the team completely intact.  I can't really take too much from this being an L.  The 30 point 4th quarter is encouraging, but yes, we need to get it together.
Lugene Parker::Ok. Just got off work.  Someone lay it on me.  WTF happened?
Grindhouse2413::Coach playing Leuer for the final 22 seconds was the funniest thing all game. Coach is just sending a big FU to the FO
Lugene Parker::While its true that we match up poorly with them at times.  What the hell is Hollins still doing running bayless at the point.  We need a change of pace point guard with wroten.  Bayless will do better off the ball.  I cant claim that I know much about coaching or line ups.  But this particular issue is glaring.
Grindhouse2413::Its our coach man. He refused to play TW as the second unit point until we were down like 20. We know they have three point threats and we cheat on defense and dont hustle back for defense and they get wide open three pointers. No way the coach makes it through the season man, no way. He did a lot for us but has a bad habit of squandering talent and refusing to play the bench to allow them to let the starters rest of develop some chemistry together.
Ismail0187::The griz. dont have the offensive firepower on the perimeter that they had with gay. this causes the opposing teams to pack it in around the paint and play zbo and gasol. Quite basically one of the worst offensives in the league just got worse.
emthomasjr::It's the Hawks.  We match-up poorly against them.
Lugene Parker::Ummm, try to be a little more constructive.  Then squirrels might give a rip.
redvictor312::GRIZZLIES ARE GARBAGE
heisenberg_3::Everyone gets mad at players for wanting more money, but nobody cares about the owner wrecking a team to save money. Strange.
A Drunk Monk::<b>Ed Davis wasting away in Memphis</b>
no.37::the grizz. dont have enough offense on their team. when you struggle to score in the first place you dont go an trade your leading scorer and best wing playmaker. the grizz are still a tough team but they are looking more and more like they will see an early exit come playoff time, unless something drastically changes.
Ismail0187::The griz. inside out way of ball was not conductive to Gays skillset; Rudy gay is now doing well with a team that works to make sure he is a cog of the offense not just a fad player who only gets the ball when zbo or gasol is double teamed.
emthomasjr::We still struggled to score with Rudy on the team.  We are scoring about the same amount of points.  The offense is just very ragged.
rede482::hollins is killing us. i used to want him to stick around bc i thought he would learn from his mistakes and become a better game management ( subs, timeouts foulstogive , lineups, positions schemes)...but he isnt and he hasnt. idk what to do ab it...but he is p*ssing me off.
Grindhouse2413::that and our starters were playing some ghost defense and not getting back to guard the three
Grindhouse2413::We go down like 20 and he FINALLY puts in TW with JB and the other new guys and they start to make a push. Faster pace, some alley oops and then Hollins yanks them and puts all the starters back in. SMH
emthomasjr::The starters are cool; the fit hits the shan when we try to run Bayless at point.
rede482::im watching the game now recorded. just got off work. still trying to force JB to be a pg. wroten should be getting backup pg minutes his hustle made up for some of his mistakes. i hate when jb and conley are in together and jb is stil running point.
Grindhouse2413::ok, on that we agree. Hollins is a stubborn, hard headed dinosaur
ATLANTA BRAVES TOMAHAWK CHOP::go hawks!!!
rede482::something is up. seems like  tony allen is the only guy trying out there
Grindhouse2413::Tony Allen is a liability on offense and makes so many dumb plays which offset his once in a while good plays. Good bye Hollins, good bye Allen. No way on any other team in this entire league does Allen start as a SHOOTING GUARD!!
rede482::allen is the ultimate hustle player tho. his will makes up for any offensive mistakes. he's alright in rhythm he shouldnt try to handle the ball so much. honestly chemistry and team morale is the problem. i think hollins is being very spiteful in the locker room. we just need to come together. prince is a great guy and high bball IQ. he actually fits great. the first few games it seemed like marc wouldnt even pass him the ball
Grindhouse2413::Ugh hello 5th place. Every game we play my contempt for the coach grows. I think he is intentionally sabotaging the team to show up the FO. He only puts in the new guys/bench when we are getting blown out by 20 points. He put in John Leuer with 22 seconds left! Coach! Wake the F up!
Grindhouse2413::Thanks Lugene, I know I said new guys/bench so I was including all of the second unit
Grindhouse2413::HA you are kidding right?. Yes I realize Prince, Daye, Davis and Leuer are the new guys. And TW only just started to get playing time after the Mo and Wayne trade to CLE. We had our first back to back 100+ games when they were allowed to play together. I would rather have new guys who are clueless on the "amazing offensive plays" play and show hustle and energy than regulars who know the plays and cant hit sh.it (DA, TA, Gasol)
Grindhouse2413::Do you watch the pace and energy when TW and Bayless play together? 10x better than the slow starters
Lugene Parker::When he means new, he means players that we didnt have last year.  We still refer to them as new guys.
mbatkiew::Yeah, TW and Bayless aren't the new guys buddy. Do you not know your own team?
mbatkiew::Uh, the new guys don't know the system or the team yet. You only give an acquired free agent free reign to do whatever he wants when you acquire a star, like Rudy Gay. Besides, these guys suck.
Genghis Kittah::Goodnight to the 4 seed jack.
evandziobak15::yeah buddyyyyyyy
nnnnuuuuugggggeeeettttssss::NGGETS GOT THAT 4TH SEED
jimi3135::Good night Griz fans. Maybe this team will gel soon.
emthomasjr::Hope so.
mbatkiew::Wojo is kind of a sensationalist and overly dramatic, but check out his article, "Rudy Gay trade shows LeBron James the future: Super team era ending" on Yahoo by Adrian Wojnarowski.    His part about the Grizzlies starts about half-way through the article.
emthomasjr::Wojo not biased?  Is that sarcasm?
Grindhouse2413::That piece was a slam against the Grizz, Pera, Hollinger, ESPN and others. I want my two minutes back for reading his crap article
Grindhouse2413::That "writer" is a biased piece of garbage. F that guy.
mbatkiew::Wojo isn't biased. A sensationalist? Sure. But he's not biased.
jimi3135::Honest there are more fans at a D-League game than were at the pistons tonight.
jimi3135::I watched the pistons/nets game in detroit tonight. If there was 4,000 fans I'd be shocked. You could hear fans talking.
jayman2255::why aren't the Grizz playing Ed Davis more???????
emthomasjr::Hollins is stubborn.
nnnnuuuuugggggeeeettttssss::Nice trade grizzles, opened up the 4 spot for my nnnnnuuuuugggggeeeeeetttttttsssssss.
AdamSaidThis::I think Hollinger was hired solely to be the scapegoat when management gutted the team.  Either that or he is 1/16th as smart as he thinks he is.  Both seem plausible to me.
mbatkiew::I think it was a, "We're gutting the team, so we expect this stat guy to find us the most underpaid talent in the league so we can make trades for them."
jimi3135::If your going to gut the team get some draft picks, don't give them away.
AdamSaidThis::they were under after dumping Mayo for nothing. The gay trade was just...idk TRYING to make the team worse.
jimi3135::basketball much more than stats.
torrtis::Instructed by owner to gut the team to avoid lux tax. Just doing his job.
jimi3135::I read an article yesterday that said the draft is kinda weak until 2015. There are like 7-10 guys that are sophomore's in high school right now that are killer. Of course the idiot Hollinger gave the cavs our number one pick in 2015.
jimi3135::ya this trade sucked in every way.
Wolfy_Pants::for what? what was that trade details??
Wolfy_Pants::nevermind its here: http://espn.go.com/nba/story/_/id/8868058/memphis-grizzlies-cleveland-cavaliers-agree-multiplayer-trade
SPURZWARZ.0::From "contenders" to "pretenders!"
j3ffan12::The Grizz probably went from title contender to first round elimination.
cross-checking::Toronto is not doing that much better with Gay
Wolfy_Pants::Toronto has had a brutal sched.. clips, heat, celtics next up is pacers.. probably go 0-4 without gay.. so far 1-2
cross-checking::In my book a loss is a loss
mbatkiew::Gay is killing it in Toronto and, besides, it's Toronto. They would have lost today's game against Boston by 25+ before.
jimi3135::Maybe we're planning on a way to get Lebron.
jimi3135::Yes I was. Hollinger thinks lebron is over rated.
cross-checking::Maybe he was being sarcastic
denverboi1993::Maybe you're an idiot.
AdamSaidThis::Israel Guteriez needs to be put in charge of the Thunder.  When they trade Durant for Deng straight up...all the commentators will call it a victory for theThunder.
mbatkiew::ESPN analysts had no problem calling the Harden-to-the-Rockets deal a travesty, even though the Thunder took back a superstar rebuilding package and did everything great in that deal. Sold high, got a former all-star who's useful and on an expiring contract, a top-10 pick for the future in Jeremy Lamb, and a lottery pick.  THIS deal though, gets universal praise because Hollinger is such a genius.
machinegunkelley80::On the bright side jb and wroten in tyre back court is exciting
Grindhouse2413::yea when coach actually plays them
jimi3135::Leuer will he be an all-star? I mean we gave up two really good bench players plus a number one for him. Somebody please tell me this is a bad dream. This Leuer guy is just getting warmed up right? I mean he's going to be good right?
jimi3135::Hollinger got hood winked big time on this trade. A number on pick that's only top 3 protected? It's as good as gone in 2015.
jimi3135::do the cavs like the new guys?
mbatkiew::Plus, you guys got a first-rounder to do the deal. Who allowed Pera to buy this Griz team? And, more importantly, should a stat nerd like Hollinger be like, "Well, this deal doesn't make sense stat-wise, basketball-wise, financially, and doesn't even pass the smell test."
Indians1028::Speights is averaging about 15 points off our bench and ellignton is also pretty good. I feel bad for Grizz fans
Indians1028::No, Im a Cavs fan and he got like 2 minutes of playing time
mbatkiew::I still don't get it. If you're getting back a developing PF prospect that you legitimately think is going to be a starter in this league, then don't you ship out Z-Bo -- who is 31 and plays the position that this "future star" plays so that he could develop?  I get that Z-Bo and Gasol are one of the best (if not the best) low-post pairings in the NBA, but still, a center like Marc Gasol could play with any PF down low and Rudy Gay is your top scorer and 26-years old. Toronto would have taken Z-Bo too.
AdamSaidThis::Gay is worth two Princes.  Different math problem.
AdamSaidThis::Randolph is worth (5) Eds.
machinegunkelley80::Mo is worth 3
mbatkiew::So how many Eds is Rudy Gay worth? 10?
Wolfy_Pants::this is why small market teams struggle.. we have owners who are afraid to take a hit in paying more.. so they get rid of the bench, but then realize hey im still gonna have to pay extra so get rid of gay for nothing.. i had no problem getting rid of gay.. but get something decent in return.. also why get rid of the bench players a week before??  teams like the lakers, knicks, heat.. would have no problem having the owner pay a little extra.. but memphis is all about saving money instead of winning the big one.. the owners are content with 8th seed first round losses i guess
denverboi1993::Speak for yourself buddy. Nuggets are doing just fine.
Wolfy_Pants::congrats with your team though they look good, and would like to see the nuggets in there in the grizz drop out here.. i think the nuggets will be dangerous for one of the top3 in the 2nd round.. just have a hard time seeing them beat two of the top 3 to make it to the finals.. be cool if they did though
Wolfy_Pants::just look at the nba champions.. boston with 17, lakers with 16, bulls with 6, spurs with 4, everyone else with 3 or less...  it just sucks that the grizz finally have a competitive team, maybe one that could knock out a spurs, thunder or clips team in a round (not saying they were gonna be the champs or anything) to this.. a team that has no clutch shooter, and somehow has gotten worse on d..   it seems like the players arent even trying out there like theyre upset with management.. two horrible trades in the past 3 weeks here..
denverboi1993::you mad?
Wolfy_Pants::when was the last time the nuggets have done something???
Atl7523::Aye Memphis since you guys giving away stars for nothing,How about we give ya'll=Tolliver,Mike Scott,and Devin Harris for Marc Gasol.
Wolfy_Pants::owners will see if thats the best deal as in terms of making the most money.. maybe just 1 for 1.. instead of taking on 3 contracts..
AdamSaidThis::WHEN Hollinger gets fired...will ESPN take him back as a stat geek hero?
GoTigers2015::He won't be fired, but murdered, dude has helped screw over this franchise
BRAY5150::Golden state loss and a clippers win ends a good day
phunky58::welp rudy leaves memphis hasnt won a game since, guess he wasnt that good or important after all
Grindhouse2413::I think he meant Rudy's impact on the Raptors and they have won one with him
gotigersmemphis87::They are 1-3 without him. If your gonna bad mouth them at least get it right
Wolfy_Pants::yeah but an unimpressive win against the wiz..  a horrid loss to the thunder (didnt have players yet, probably would of loss with gay anyway.)  a meltdown against phoenix at home..  and another horrible game against the hawks..
jimi3135::Sorry but Hollinger sucks. Getting rid of Mayo one thing but trading our bench plus a number one will go down as the worst trade any gm made all year.
Atl7523::13 dimes for Teague
