david508540::Mike Woodson on his way out.
trashami cheat::''Knick fans say that they are contenders even when they suck!"-Charles Barkley
jetzyy::Jason Kidd Won the game for them vs Phoenix, or at least put them &amp; JR in a position to hit the game winner at the end. But he Flat out LOST this game with that lazy pass to chandler vs Kings. So it evens out. Give that head case Cousins credit he anticipated the crappy pass from Kidd.
Slimslamshady::Like all teams, the knicks are settling down and becoming just a regular team.  I know melo was hurt but to be down by 27 points is outrages. When your top performer is a  center by the name of Tyson Chandler, there is a problem. I can't wait until Stoudemire comes back and see how coach woodsen incoporate him into the lineup. Now these knicks need to get healthy because you can't afford this to happen in the playoff. Injury is a problem, but it is not the only problem. This is what happens when you ride or die by the three.
The Real Andre Herring::Knicks fans can't even lie...you know that hurt your soul. But how does it feel?
david508540::This win meant alot more to the Kings than the loss did for the Knicks.
jetzyy::Yup that hurt me bad. Talk about a swing of emotions, that would of been an easier loss to swallow had the Kings kept that hot shooting up in the 2nd half &amp; won, i agree. Although coming back from down 27 will be a great learning experience for the future. Even more so then the Spurs tiny comeback.
LifeInInfrared::What, you mean losing by one point with four starters out? Yeah, I'm real hurt. How about you go to the Miami board and see how their fans are doing after a double digit loss to Detroit?
david508540::Now youre making excuses about having starters out? C'mon new yawk, you were down 27, you should have won by 27, it was the kings, your backups should have stomped kings butt.
Markiemormon::Knicks fans should be good losers, God knows they've had plenty of experience at losing.
trashami cheat::Hurts more losing to the Bulls twice without Rose.lol
The Real Andre Herring::Come back with 1 minute left and up 5 then to lose it all. I know your mad bro. You probably wanna lash out on me over the internet.
thyshakes::Injuries is part of NBA and it is no excuse. The Knicks made conscious decisions to pay for the oldest team in the nba. They will always be haunted by injuries. In addition, the rules of the nba is changing for faster pace type of games which will really limit older teams.
thyshakes::It's funny how Knicks fan keep bringing up injuries as an excuse.  But yet they barely won the last 2 won games.  They had both Melo and Felton when Knicks played a Timberwolves' team without Kevin Love.  They barely won that game.  Then they barely won against Phoenix after JR took out Dragic who is also Phoenix best player.
alexhernandezh::Imaging the Heat without James, Wade and Bosh: any team would blown them out.  Now imaging the Knicks without Melo, Stat, Felton, Wallace and Shumpert, only a one point loss.  Incredible, although loss still hurts.
1500randy::Although jimmer is a bright spot he's also a liability on defense....he would have to put up 40 a night because the guy he's guarding is putting up atleast 25...nice win though..go kings!!
souptwins::One player gets 40 and the other gets 25---- hmm I'll take the guy getting 40.  Wow, you're a genius!
russwilsonislegit::isiah thomas plays 31 min, goes 3 for 11 for 11 points, and has four assist...    in only 18 min, fredette goes 6 for 9 (3 for 5 from downtown) for 15 points.... and also has four assist...    its nice to see that keith smart has decided to go with the player who has earned more min throughout this season..... smh.... ashamed to see that there seems to be a sickening racial component at play....how a team can play so poorly. and yet sit a kid in fredette who has been the lone bright spot, is beyond me.... he is 5th in the entire league in points per min.... behind only the likes of kobe, melo, durant, and harden.... he is shooting 46% from the field. 41% from deep. and is first in the nba in ft% at like 93%.... yet on a last place team, with these numbers u can only use him 13 min a night... here's the kicker.. fredette is number one on the team in the plus minus department as well.... yet the media is completely letting this racist idiot off the hook... u mean to tell me as a coach he is oblivious as to who has the best plus minus stats... smart said he's a huge plus minus guy.... yet the kid with the best scoring and shooting stats on the team, is also #1 in this category and smart still insist he only deserves 13 measely min a night... what a crock of crap.... if the situation was reversed, and a white coach was doing this to a former black consensus POY on a all white team that sucked.... and meanwhile the former black POY was excelling in his handful of min.... there would be a damn out cry... but in this situation the oblivious media in sac town is silent as death... shame on you sacramento media.. and its all on the local media to... because no one else gives a rats behind about this selfish me first basketball team outside of sac town...
MrBillyBates::Jimmer sucks
Markiemormon::Jimmer was lights out in the first half but when the Knicks started to defend in the second half he all but disappeared.
jecdev1::not really a KIngs fan are you? If you were, you'd know that Jimmer is ONLY valuable in short spurts after which he begins to break down and then turns into train wreck  I'm not a big Kieth Smart fan, but he is using Fredette properly IMO
WowPwned::Lol exactly my point to the whole situation.
nba is the worst::Latest bricks per game update: 1. Kobrick 11.23 2. Westbrick, 11.07 (now at .399 FG%) 3. 'Melo 10.92 4. Monta 10.67 5. Felton 9.93 (out 4-6 weeks) 6. Jennings 9.89 7. Aldridge 9.54 8.Waiters 9.52 9. Harden 9.46 10. Curry 9.40
trashami cheat::Debrick Wade and Lebrick James-you forgot about those two
yankees27rings8255::if the nba sucks, then why do you take so much time to follow it?
garnolfini::Melo is Lord.
HiTekk_::James Johnson is still a bum
unitedfourlife::kings lucky to win BUT ill take it!
rickmeese::The Cheyenne, WY fans are all REALLY proud of James Johnson.....Way to go!!!!!!!!!!! First 3 of the year and to win the game...............
Ontario925::The Knicks are having problems with their free throw shooting again. They are again living and dying too much on the 3's to do all their scoring instead mixing in more variety of ways to get their scoring in.
mosesbyu::Free Jimmer.
web37182::I like Kobe.. Jimmer would easily put up 20 a game if he got the elite NBA stars minutes.. 25 to 30 pts a game no problem Free jimmer free tebow.
web37182::No doubt just saying if jimmer gets 35+ minutes a game . He would probably have a good chance to lead the league in scoring. That's all I'm saying.. Kings are not going anywhere give it a shot. Defense liability u got me but like who really plays d its the NBA.
Jim7419::I don't think Jimmer should avg.  25-30 pts a game. He could be more like Nash -avg 15 pts and 10 assists and make everyone around him better like Nash does.
mattd00015::He'll average over 20 points a game with 35 minutes... I wouldn't go as far as to say he would probably have a good chance to lead the league in scoring.... leave that to Kobe.
tgorulez::3 games because of a cut finger on non shooting hand, 2 games because of slightly sprained ankle, day to day with knee strain. come on dude we need you !!
thyshakes::Weak.
tgorulez::Kobe broke a finger ON this shooting hand, they told him not to play... He taped it to his good finger, put a piece of wood under that mutha fuka and scored 40 !! you gotta respect that.
bankerelm::thats the difference between kobe and melo.
nargash::Seriously, do people think Jimmer can play better defense than Thomas? Look @ the last play for the Knicks when JR BRICK tried to post Thomas. He couldn't even do that. As midget Thomas is, he is underrated defender for his size. He can shoot 3's like Jimmer and he can run the offense better than Jimmer. Jimmer can be productive SG in teams that don't play defense like Rockets ( They already have Harden) Bobcats, Nuggets even the Lakers can use him off the bench..!!
haydent145616::jimmer plays just as good defense as anybody else on that team
Jim7419::Nargash I don't know what games u r watching but Jimmer is only a POINT GUaRD! The problem is when he's in with IT than Jimmer doesn't handle the ball as much. I like IT but he doesn't have jimmers upside. Just wait and let Jimmer be traded to a real team with a real coach!
mattd00015::I haven't seen a single post of anyone saying that Jimmer is a good defender.  Nobody said he plays better defense than thomas.
Izzydoesitagain::Knicks are 15-9 after a 6-0 start losing mostly to mediocre to bad teams, you guys still don't think that we should be concern. It's been a combination of allot of things bad coaching decisions, bad shooting, bad defense, and some injuries, but for us to wait until Amare, shump or anyone else come back shouldn't be the reason we are accepting losses to bottom dwellers.
Ontario925::The Knicks are having problems with their free throw shooting again.
ed2700::Prigoni better than Nash, he actually plays defense.
sportsfan1014::don't go that far, but he is better than Felton as a pure PG
bankerelm::Knicks are slowly becoming a bad team again. They are #6 in the league.
ed2700::This is an alert!!! This is only an alert!!! Knicks headed toward .500 This has been an NBA Alert!!!
yanks7orang44::Please Creskin, can you tell me what the lottery numbers are so that I can make some money? Knicks are currently 12 games over .500, seems like math is a weak subject for you.
ed2700::Melo/worst team player in NBA Smith/sixth man caught in robbery in NYC Chandler/worst center in NBA, no assists, always a minus in plus/minus
ed2700::butt....butt.....the Knicks are going for the rings....butt...
garnolfini::Melo/MVP Smith/Sixth Man Award Melo, Chandler, Smith/All-Stars
RimmersForJimmer::Total bs that Jimmer is not starting yet.  5th in the NBA in PER, #1 in FT%, 45 FG%, 40 3pt%, and garbage Isaiah Thomas is still starting over him.  Keith Smart is a racist, plain and simple.  He'd rather coach his team to play "thug" ball, instead of fundamentally sound basketball.
mattd00015::Here's a great idea.... lets give just 3 minutes in the second half to the leading scorer of the first half!  Then lets leave him on the bench the next two games and give him 5 minutes in the 4th quarter after we are already loosing by 25 points.
Jim7419::Sounds like coach moron dumb smarts tactics!
Jim7419::Jimmer isn't starting because cry baby head case cousins. He Wants isiah Thomas to start and coach dumb smart  listens or cuz will pout. If cuz had his way Jimmer wouldn't play. Cuz doesn't like talented white players to name just some of the people he hates.
sportsfan1014::9 asts in just 18 mins, Prigioni is a real PG, he should be the starting PG for the Knicks
ed2700::You have to score some points when you play.
sportsfan1014::PGs job are passing but not jack up 19 shots per game
mattd00015::Nash had 10 assists last night.  I'd take a player who can get 10 assists over a player who can score 20.
seferson::seferson heat or knicks or both lose tonight December 28 2012, 6:25 AM  Stephen A. Smith. VOR riiiiiiiiiiight heat losing to the pistons .. i dont even see the knicks losing to sacramento --------------------------  how about both?
BubbaSpiker::NBA point guards PER -- #5 Jimmer 21.47 -- #35 Thomas 14.89 -- #48 Brooks 12.79 NBA per 48 minutes scoring -- #7 Jimmer 29.9 -- #49 Thomas 23.8 -- #120 Brooks 18.5  There is no logical, rational explanation as to why Jimmer isn't the starting PG.
web37182::Call me crazy if jimmer would get minutes like melo,king James, wade and westbrook fredette would probaly lead the league in scoring,definitely would average over 25 pts a  Game. Doesn't matter kings won't play him that much. Defense liability. At least we get another lottery pick for next year.
Mets-Jets-Knicks19::This one hurt. Had the Knicks not gotten into that huge hole...it would have been easier to take. Oh well...on to Portland.
nba is the worst::Chandler worse than Dwight from the ft line was the difference, damn it
yanks7orang44::Free throw shooting is a problem.
mattr1198::Might have been the only loss i was happy about. Great effort by the Knicks and too bad they got Heartbroken.
NYCSportsFan22::I'm pretty proud of the way the Knicks coming back from that deficit but I'd prefer them not getting in a hole in the first place.  But what do you expect down four starters, Amare, Shumpert, Carmelo, Felton? And Sacramento still needed a last second heave to get the win.  Kings hould be better than they are with all the talent they have on that team.  I'm not sure what the problem is but I think they need a better coach.
yanks7orang44::I don't like Keith Smart for obvious reasons
Oppossum Dynasty::Knicks got taken to the wood shed
Mr. Nut Job::That's what happens when you PLAY THE POINTS, like the Knicks did...  lol... sure glad I didn't go with this one!  Stupid Knicks!
web37182::Hello just sit back, relax its only December a Knicks loss means nothing obvious some you have no clue about the NBA,  react after a loss big deal every team loses in the NBA. Wait for the playoffs then talk...
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Wait you are talking about Carmelo and the playoffs? Good luck to you sir in trying to get out of the first round.
web37182::Sports fans react prematurely after a loss its not an issue bottom line you obvious don't get it...
njkaplan::Let's talk about the scrub NYK another year.  They are being coached beautifully.  So they lost big freakin' deal. Came all the way back from 27 down on the road without their top player...thanks feaux Superman...only to lose at the hands of a hail Mary chuck 3pter at the buzzer.   Let's leave the playoff talk for the playoffs which they will make not as an 8th seed but as a 1-3 seed.  Haters can hate all they want.  JR got lucky against PHX you say....well so did JJ against the knicks. Guess what...it's sports....it happens.  Knicks still in first.  In other NY basketball news...AJ fired as coach of the same old pathetic nj Brooklyn put them anywhere and they will still suck Nets.
Treydey10::The Knicks are the pretenders we all thought they were before the season started.
flexbs::I will be laughing because my life does not revolve hating another teams, your does. Hate and jealousy. Just like you will hate if another team takes out the knick in the playoff you will put all the excuses in the world. LOL ahhahah still laughing.
flexbs::7 &gt; 9 lol hahahaha
nba is the worst::16 road games &gt; 11, we will see who's laughing when the heat's schedule catches up
nba is the worst::104-84 112-92
nba is the worst::Damn, make your fts, tyson...
flexbs::7 &gt; 9 lol hahahahahah
JustinBooker294::Now I bet the Knicks know how it feels to get beat by a buzzer beater! Lol
acarrero50::I knew we should of never released James Johnson!  -BULLS
russwilsonislegit::isiah thomas plays 31 min, goes 3 for 11 for 11 points, and has four assist...  in only 18 min, fredette goes 6 for 9 (3 for 5 from downtown) for 15 points.... and also has four assist...  its nice to see that keith smart has decided to go with the player who has earned more min throughout this season..... smh.... ashamed to see that there seems to be a sickening racial component at play....how a team can play so poorly. and yet sit a kid in fredette who has been the lone bright spot, is beyond me.... he is 5th in the entire league in points per min.... behind only the likes of kobe, melo, durant, and harden.... he is shooting 46% from the field. 41% from deep. and is first in the nba in ft% at like 93%.... yet on a last place team, with these numbers u can only use him 13 min a night... here's the kicker.. fredette is number one on the team in the plus minus department as well.... yet the media is completely letting this racist idiot off the hook... u mean to tell me as a coach he is oblivious as to who has the best plus minus stats... smart said he's a huge plus minus guy.... yet the kid with the best scoring and shooting stats on the team, is also #1 in this category and smart still insist he only deserves 13 measely min a night... what a crock of crap.... if the situation was reversed, and a white coach was doing this to a former black consensus POY on a all white team that sucked.... and meanwhile the former black POY was excelling in his handful of min.... there would be a damn out cry... but in this situation the oblivious media in sac town is silent as death... shame on you sacramento media.. and its all on the local media to... because no one else gives a rats behind about this selfish me first basketball team outside of sac town...
dychen::Jimmer needs to be traded to Minnesota where he can get playing time.
TheAvenger007::Can we freakin have our full team healthy? Geez. I swear its like there always multiple players out every game. The day we can have Amare, Iman Shumpert and Carmelo all playing.. ill be happy.
dychen::Umm, you do realize that this was one of the problems coming into the season right?  Every analyst was wondering if the "older" Knicks were going to hold up over the course of a season.  Well guess what?  The younger Knicks, Felton, Melo, Shumpert, Amare, are missing time now.  So those older guys Camby, Kidd, Pablo, Wallace, etc are playing more minutes then they probably wanted them to.  Catch 22, will the younger guys be rested when they come back for a playoff push?  Will the other guys have nothing left in the tank by playoff time because of all the early minutes?
The God of Trolls Returns for the 6th Time::Watching the Heat and Knicks $@%-whopped by scrub teams... lol what a nice day for me!
IMAKECHICSTAPOUT::And they said Knicks was the team to beat LMAO!
IMAKECHICSTAPOUT::LIN was fun to watch when he was playing with the Knicks
dog_has_fleas::Obviously as a fan of a bad team I will take any win we get but it really is nice when it is against the NBA's better teams this year., now if only we could get back to smashing the leagues bad teams like the days of old, we would be back to a competitive level. Nice to wake up to a win.
I Ran Over Yo Grandma With A Reindeer::we were without carmelo,sheed, and felton, were also without amar'e and shumpert.  kings got lucky with the 3's, and dude hit a lucky shot at the end, but it was a good game though.
ChargersFan4Life001::gn to anybody still here, go kings JAMES JOHNSON FOR 3333333333333!
Baby J.Cole::gn
ChargersFan4Life001::J Cole sucks
