tigel18::At this point the bulls could just not play Noah, Deng, Boozer, and Heinrich until after the AS break and bring everyone back with Rose.
brooklynnets7::Bulls this, Bulls that, how about the Nets for once?
Then He Made Us Pancakes.... Pancakes.::Ehh, it was closer than I expected. Still wanted them to win but not shocked that they didnt.
SteeleKen::summary of CHI fans comments - pregame:  We're so good, we're gonna destroy BKN; aftergame: we're so good, we only lost by 4.....smh
NcalBear0722::Without 3 of our 4 best players...only losing by 4 isn't so bad. And I thought we were gonna get destroyed pregame by the way....
JLJR1154::Earlier 3 of your 4 best players played and you only won by 1 point. There are no passes for injuries. All teams will get there share, that's why it is based on 82. Let the chips fall where they may.
Ucannotbesirius::Accepted.
NcalBear0722::No one's whining. I was thrilled with how well they played so shorthanded. Just show's you how well this team has the potential to play at full strength.
Ucannotbesirius::We played who showed up!  Not a Net issue.  Stop whinning!
NYballer6969::What I've been saying for years . Thibs is the #1 reason why the Bulls are so good , every other reason is far behind this reason . His first year the Bulls had the best defensive ,rebounding and best record team in the league . Rose won MVP for that reason , by default ! His second year the Bulls had the best record in the league despite losing Rose for 1/2 the year ! This year again , w/o Rose and losing almost his whole 2nd team , he has the Bulls in 1st place in his division. Yesterday they were 1 or 2 shots away from beating the Nets on their home floor w/o 4 of their starting 5. You give him a D league team and have them play in the NBA , they will finish with a .500 record .  On the other hand you put Rose on the Wizards or Bobcats and they will still finish 40 games under .500 .
mccoywajmu::thats simply idiotic.  without rose they lost in the first round to the worst team in the playoffs...is it possible that umm maybe they are a great player and a great coach?  people always want raise somebody up by diminishing someone else..popovich is a all time great coach and tim duncan is an all time great player...and they are great together...derrick is a great player and thibs is a great coach..that simple...
NYballer6969::Seems the only way you access a player is by how many times he's on Sportscenter. ANY point guard taking 20 shots will put up points , even if he makes just 8 ,ask Nate ! Your put down of Korver, the league's best shooter , shows how you can't comprehend what role player shooters do for the court. You also fail to comprehend what Gibson does in Thibs disciplined system . I never said these role players are at the level of Rose. But they are far smarter and they stay disciplined. If every player shot what Rose shot in the last 2 playoffs, the Bulls might of not won 1 game , no matter how good the D was ! The more shots a 39% shooter shoots in the Playoffs  , the probability of your team diminishes to win . So no matter how talented Rose is , he's not capable to beat 5 defenders by himself consistently , no matter how good a 1 on 1 player he is . When you understand that , then maybe you will respect Thibs and the rest of the Bulls more .   Speaking of IQ , Rose would be in the bottom 10 in the NBA ! Keep watching And1 tapes , your brain is fixated on acrobatics rather then efficiency and discipline ! Ask John Wall and Kyrie Irving how their teams are doing !
mccoywajmu::the very fact you think that korver and gibson have an equal effect on the bulls that derrick rose a top 5 - top 10 player in the league has....well..that shows that NY IQ
NYballer6969::They lost because the players thought they would get to Miami in the Eastern Finals. Once Rose went down , they knew they wouldn't beat Miami, so they felt sorry for themselves and had their heads up their @ss. By the time they recovered after that 2nd game , Noah went down in a game where they had a huge lead and lost ! You actually believe that Philly would of beaten the Bulls, had the Bulls known that they wouldn't have Rose for the Playoffs before the Playoffs even started ? C'mon now ! Rose is overrated , but the Bulls believe in him and they had revenge on their mind against Miami . Once Rose went down , the Bulls player's hopes were dashed to beat Miami . They should of beaten Philly in their sleep w/o Rose. Rose is not much a greater influence on the Bulls then what Gibson , Boozer, Korver , Noah , Deng give to the Bulls. Thibs is a bigger influence on the Bulls then 2 or 3 of those parts collectively ! You got to be an idiot if  you don't take into consideration when someone is in emotional shock, something miniscule can push over someone that is in shock ! If you truly believe that Philly should of beaten the Bulls w/o Rose , you don't have a clue about basketball !
GetOffMeDude::The Bulls w/o pretty much starters, Brooklyn should be embarrassed.
Area55andG2::The nets should be embarrassed they only won by 4 under the circumstances
hj60BKNOAK::U should be embarrassed ur team stole an all star selection..I could see either Deng or Noah but not both...that's just criminal....smh
mccoywajmu::stole?  the coaches voted our players in dude...they guys that are as close to the game as anybody on the planet..kg "stole" a spot but he was voted in by fans..so dont get mad at our guys
ChicagooBearss::the bulls only lost by 4 without noah, boozer or rose. so im not too worried about this game
BORICUBA773::I am surprised how all of sudden there are net fans
Ucannotbesirius::Great coping skills!  You handle losing with the best of them.
Ucannotbesirius::LOL dude can't handle a compliment?
yardog59::......and you handle idiocy better than them all. The Bulls were without their 4 best players!!
funyuns72::Following a bet system over the past few months called Sportsbettingstar. Im making between 2-3k a month proifts using the systems picks. You can learn more about this system by searching for sports betting systems on google.
Windy City Stand Up::Good game on both sides with the Bulls down with injuries. NJ you will be possible contendersif you guys can just get one more piece at either PF and maybe a change at SG (No offense but I really don't think Joe Johnson benefits your team best because he's hampering Marshon Brook's development and costing you guys a lot fo money.)
hj60BKNOAK::,How is that? Jj is an all star &amp; proven clutch shot maker..Brooks is gifted offensively, but he is 1dimensional &amp; has yet to defend well enough to cut into jj minutes..we need to trade him &amp; humphries to Utah 4  Milsap &amp; we would be able to come out of the east. .he would be perfect alongside Lopez...
mccoywajmu::the bulls lost to a playoff nets team by four without boozer noah hinrich and rose....thibs is just...just incredible..damn i love this coach
NYballer6969::You echo what I've been saying for years . Most of the Players that play for the Bulls are just simple actors in Thib's directed movies. By far the number one reason where the Bulls have been positioned for the last 3 years is Thibs.
hj60BKNOAK::Hey lucas ..ur dad George called...He's ready to get f$%ked in the a$$ again on the couch by Samuel L.Jackson...
lucas hersh::the nets suck more weiner then your mother
mccoywajmu::very mature dude
papa jim swag sauce::nets would lose to the duke blue devils dont even lie
lucas hersh::do u have a brain
papa jim swag sauce::knicks will win it all if novak can give us abut 6-7 innings per start
papa jim swag sauce::no chance they win the stanley cup with that kinda of defense they showed tonight
lucas hersh::joe johnson bang
papa jim swag sauce::joe johnson hasnt been relevant since i porked ur mother
papa jim swag sauce::i cant even name 1 player on the nets who can score a basket
wink614::Make a free throw wallace. You're a professional.
lucas hersh::dont yell at him he might read these posts and you could hurt his feelings
Viktor Karelin::I don't think I've ever seen a guy play 40 mins off the bench in a non-OT game.
will-i_am::only played 8 guys - 2 played the whole game &amp; they only lost by a possession. Thibs is BRILLIANT
Viktor Karelin::true that
KevinHate::Lopez not making the all-star team is an fu.cking crime. The Nets are .500 without him
Porkchop8920::he did make it as Rondo's replacement...
LebronMvpJames23::d willams suckkk..brook lopez is carrying the team!!
Chief Weed Cloud::irving &gt; Rose
chas.sportsfan::irving???? over Drose?? u cant be a fan of basketball let alone the NBA
drdre1::come talk to us when he gets an mvp
mccoywajmu::get off that crack
I like turtles...::R.etard &gt; you
dspdevildog::The only spot the Bulls are really missing from last years "bench mob" is a back up center to keep Noah from having to play 45 minutes a night.  I'm sure they are looking into it...but it's not like 6'10" players are just hanging around waiting to be signed or available in a trade.  I hope they can find something though.
ChicagoMoe1::Oh do they need one! I miss Kurt T!
PSHS_football::They got Mirotic coming, he might play C... also had a stroke from downtown.  Not next year but year after.
Robert156877::PSHS_football - They got Mirotic coming, he might play C... also had a stroke from downtown. Not next year but year after.  Mirotic is not a center and he never will be.  Right now he could play in the NBA as a SF.  He wil need to bulk up to even play PF.
dspdevildog::WHY ISN'T HE HERE NOW!?!?!?  Damn.
dspdevildog::Anything is a step up from Nazr, no offense to him, but he is 35 and just not the answer, and for sure does not bring the energy Asik did.  Too bad Houston had to offer him all that money.  I mean, good for Omir and I hope he has a solid career.  It's just the one lone spot that the Bulls bench is missing.  I really believe with someone even comparable to Asik the Bulls bench would be just as good if not better than last year.
ChicagoMoe1::Noah is going to be out for awhile now.
FoxKat93:::-( Thibs, time to win COY again.
jeff050578::Thibs is an awesome coach. He gets his players to buy into what he is doing. The things M Jackson is doing in Golden State remind me of what Thibs is and has done in Chicago. Bulls are lucky to have him, imo
Crooklynism::Bulls most dangerous team in the east at full strength.  My Nets not contenders until they get a legit 4 and play with some emotion -.-
dspdevildog::Until someone beats the Heat in a 7 game series...they are only the most dangerous team to the Heat repeat
I like turtles...::Heat should try to rely on the refs less
The_JTrain_3000::nahhh.... look at their last couple games.  Felton came back, amar'e came back... we've beet set.
FoxKat93::The_JTrain_3000 - the knicks are the team to beat  They've fallen off, imo.
The_JTrain_3000::the knicks are the team to beat
FoxKat93::I understand the argument, but I really think that Chicago is the team to beat.
PSHS_football::Good job bum $@% Nets.  You beat us by 4 at home while we have no Rose or Boozer.  And guess who still has the better record?    Pathetic.
hj60BKNOAK::Uhhh newsflash...u don't get wins 4 keeping it close..excuses are like butt holes.. everybody's got one...u dilweed!!
FoxKat93::...no noah, no kirk.
FoxKat93::PSHS_football - Yes, didn't watch the game.  I only saw the end, but the Bulls only really played five players and kept it close.
PSHS_football::Yes, didn't watch the game.
ChicagoMoe1::Can't be mad at that effort tonight. Down Noah, Booz, Kirk and the heart, hustle and muscle never went away. Only concern is for tomorrow's game because a lot of guys played huge minutes tonight. Interesting to see how much gas they'll have in the tank. And one more thing, Capt. Kirk is on his 6th injury for the year!  Cause for concern?
SPGCPA::as a Nets fan...I'll take the win...but you guys are going to be good whenyou get your pieces back....and honestly, I don't think Noah and Boozer and even Deng are great players...they just hustle and Thibs is one of the best coaches in the league...THibs gets the most out of what he has and they play every possession as if it was a game changer...wish my Nets had some of that intensity...
hj60BKNOAK::I love the way Noah plays..but I'd still take Lopez over him..Its kind of a joke that he &amp; Deng got voted in over my guys..same thing with Chandler..take away that pick &amp; roll &amp; he's a liability on offense..Bosh didn't deserve a nod either for that matter..ijs
geepatt01::Noah is in the top 10 in the NBA in steals, blocks and rebounds. Not to mention he averages over 4 assist a game and 12 points. No other big man gives you all of that.
SPGCPA::wasn't saying they aren't good...but they're not great....honestly, I dont think any of them are truly stars - and I'm not being a diccck....I think they are all good, hard working players who win with intensity....kind of latter day Charles Oakley or even Buck Williamas types...guys you want on your team....as far as your bigs better than ours...I agree...we have the best of the bunch in Lopez...and then you have like the next 6....we are in desperate need of a PF...so Evans can go back to being a 15-17mpg role player
Porkchop8920::Brook Lopez highest PER and win shares
The_JTrain_3000::I consider noah to be a star... him, tyson an Dwight are the most effective centers in the NBA
ChicagoMoe1::Their presences were missed on the glass tonight. Good effort  but Bulls bigs&gt;Nets bigs.
The_JTrain_3000::all those payers are good players
ChiTown3452::The awesome part of being a Bulls fan is knowing that they will play their hearts out for 48 minutes EVERY single game. Thibs has done a great job this year no matter how many bad breaks they have gotten.
ynot1825::team has a lot of confidence...
ChiTown3452::Absolutely. Just look at Taj, Nate, and Jimmy as examples. They worked hard to get better and you can see the improvements this year
I3UTTON::Spurs fans are just mad they have a small market team no one cares about, even when they're good
The_JTrain_3000::spurs never get respect....kinda sad.
FoxKat93::dspdevildog - all 4 of them  lol.
dspdevildog::all 4 of them
I3UTTON::that's why Spurs fans are always whiny little b*tches lol
Jaywashing::lol I like the Spurs...might be my favorite Western team.
I3UTTON::the media doesn't care about them though lol
FoxKat93::Four players played 40 or more minutes: Nate, Taj, Deng, and Jimmy. Marco 31, Rip 17, Nazr 8, and Teague 7. Basically, only five players played. More impressive. lol
ScalabrineSwag::deng and taj played the entire game.
The_JTrain_3000::Still definitely seems like a severe decrease in talent level....  If they were effective I have to believe that Thibs would give his starters more rest.  Many NBA teams play small.  I'm not sure who Taj has payed against at center....  but larger centers should capitalize.  College is a different game altogether.    I get nervous when Jason kidd plays over 25 mins....  Noah should rest at the cost of a higher seed.  Your team is a high powered dark horse when rose gets back so seeding matters less
FoxKat93::The_JTrain_3000 -   Taj played center in college, but I guess he is better suited as a PF in the NBA. I believe he did well the first time he played center this season and even the second time. Taj isn't seeing more minutes as center because he is filling in for Boozer defensively when he plays and since he has been out with injury. If not, he would have started in place of Nazr tonight
The_JTrain_3000::Taj would be hard pressed to play the center spot....  but he could i guess.  The question is, would they be effective? Taj isn't a very versatile player (though good).  He's pretty much a power forward and only a PF.  There is a reason why those players aren't seeing more minutes at those positions.  They would have a much worse record if that were the case.
FoxKat93::The_JTrain_3000 -   Taj can play center. Jimmy can go in for Deng or play another position. when fully healthy, there are several players who can play multiple positions.
The_JTrain_3000::But remember, Rose went down last season when you had a bunch of bench players who you no longer have.  Noah's minutes will not change because u don't have asik... see what im saying?
FoxKat93::The_JTrain_3000 -   I believe something will change. Realize that their minutes have increased since Rose went down. If Rose can even be 80%, it opens up other opportunities and allows Deng and Noah to have more rest.
The_JTrain_3000::That's absolutely ridiculous..... they are all goig to run  out of gas.  Even when rose comes back, that doesn't change Noah's or Dengs minutes.  what are they planning on doing?
FoxKat93::I know. Deng and Taj: 48, Nate: 41, and Jimmy: 40.
mdtuzo::these are some interesting fans here
I3UTTON::I remember when the Spurs lost to an 8th seeded Grizzlies team in the playoffs without Rudy Gay 2 years ago. That was quite entertaining.
Your_Team_is_Not_Elite.::You trolled our board im trolling yours.
thebighallbowski2369::He's just bored.
ScalabrineSwag::dude bulls fans dont troll spurs fans.
FoxKat93::Why would we??? And I respect them as well.
Censorious::You don't even claim your favorite teams in your profile. You don't have a board.
I3UTTON::lol someone's a little b.utthurt
Derrick Roses Skittles::I never trolled yours F@GGOT  Look at me I can say F@GGOT TOO F@GGOT  F@GGOT F@GGOT F@GGOT F@GGOT F@GGOT F@GGOT F@GGOT F@GGOT
mdtuzo::and thats why you play marshon brooks guys
djny2k12::He just needs to get better as a defender and be careful when making passes.....keep his TO's down
SPGCPA::I';ll allow for the TO..and he was playing solid D tonite....he needs to play more...period..and so does Teletovic....
Your_Team_is_Not_Elite.::Bulls. Did you enjoy losing rose? Too bad he couldnt get a career ending injury
Censorious::Are you asking the Bulls or us? Also, I am sure children would be impressed with your 2nd grade trolling....
ScalabrineSwag::classless. making fun of injuries makes you a scum bag f.aggot
Derrick Roses Skittles::You are a fu.cking disgrace. Seriously.
mdtuzo::why do you have to be like that
Censorious::Lose by 4 without Noah, Boozer, or Rose (obviously) @ Brooklyn. I'm not even mad...
perez-matt::Hinrich to
Censorious::Yea, him too! Even less mad.
Your_Team_is_Not_Elite.::Did i hurt your b!tches feelings??
I3UTTON::you said you were leaving like 10 minutes ago but you stayed. obviously we got to you :)
ScalabrineSwag::yes dude. i am crying in a corner bc of the emotional abuse you have given me.
Derrick Roses Skittles::Hey, 2012 called. They want their trolling back.
Mets2410::Happy with a Nets win. Good game tonight. Tough luck for the Bulls missing some starters. See you guys March 2nd. Good luck until then. Go Nets.
djny2k12::Yup...bench stepped up with Brooks and Blatche...it was interesting to see Lopez didn't play the closing mins. in a tight game. PJ had enough confidence in Blatche to close the game out.
Derrick Roses Skittles::Later dude, GG. See you in March
ScalabrineSwag::finally some class up in here
djny2k12::No net fan trashed the bulls that they are a legit team....I was merely responding to all the bulls trolling when they claim this wasn't a real Nets win.
FoxKat93::I think Mets has been the only classy and realistic fan.
Derrick Roses Skittles::This elite dude is still here? Look dude, I don't care if you're trolling or not. GET THE FU.CK OUT OF HERE, YOU AIN'T WELCOME!
I3UTTON::he's just mad about the Spurs getting embarrassed in the playoffs the last 2 years :)
Your_Team_is_Not_Elite.::Spurs 37-11 &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;	Balls 28-18
The_JTrain_3000::I wish the knicks were named "The Balls"....  That would be a baller name
ScalabrineSwag::shouldnt you be in bed?
I3UTTON::awesome username lol
I3UTTON::who are the Balls? I'm not aware of such a team in the NBA
Your_Team_is_Not_Elite.::Bulls suck
I3UTTON::haha now thats original
Chi_Town_Everything::You can do better than that. Cmon troll I know you can.
ScalabrineSwag::28-18
Bryce2790::Nets Only beat the Bulls bench by 4 pts lol...I'm happy even though we lost :D
159Yanks::Well cya everybody and bulls fans
Your_Team_is_Not_Elite.::Bulls remain D!ckless
I3UTTON::awww that's cute, you still have no likes on any of your "creative" posts hahaha
ScalabrineSwag::We need a backup center. Noah cant be playing these ridiculous mins. It is contributing to his injuries.
no.37::pick up eddy curry. he is at least a skilled and slow big man. had a decent run in dallas earlier this season.
The_JTrain_3000::lol, the bulls still have a high seed.... they aren't desperate or anything
The_JTrain_3000::Thibs won't listen to you
Silly Goose who thinks the Knicks cant play basketball::BROOKLYN!!!!
JordanFadeAway::has no heart
The_JTrain_3000::lol
Mets2410::JTrain it's really they have no heart.
The_JTrain_3000::Compromise:  Their identity is that they have no heart
FoxKat93::The_JTrain_3000 - its really that they have no identity  They really have no heart.
The_JTrain_3000::its really that they have no identity
I3UTTON::I enjoy taking a good pounding in the @ss  -Your_Team_is_Not_Elite
FoxKat93::Bareback as well.
FoxKat93::Who are some better than Nazr centers the bulls can pick up without losing too much?
Mets2410::Air France, Johan Petro!
NYChe21::o god
no.37::anyone that can move. anderson who was recently picked up by the heat would have been perfect, but he wears a headband and has tattoos so reinsdorf would have never signed him. honestly curry would be better than nazr.
The_JTrain_3000::there aren't many centers out there.... you know that though.   I mean it couldn't hurt to pick up kenyon and have thibs whip him into shape in my view...
The_JTrain_3000::you best go with kenyon.  he is experienced and would be serviceable.
FoxKat93::Best option, perhaps. Or D-League.
Chi_Town_Everything::Mozgov, Pachulia
no.37::the bulls would have to trade for them which is not going to happen.
The_JTrain_3000::you woud have to give up some pretty big pieces to get those guys this season.
The_JTrain_3000::looked like the bulls put in effort....  what's the level of anxiety over Noah's health?
Derrick Roses Skittles::it's slightly low in my view. I think he just needs to rest.
ScalabrineSwag::planter fascitis can be bad...from getting so many mins.
The_JTrain_3000::this is why i think the Bulls aren't as good this season.  They had asik last year and he was basically a starting caliber center....  their depth isn't as intimidating
FoxKat93::The_JTrain_3000 - that's what i thought.... Thibs has to relax with these players.  I'm surprised Deng hasn't gotten injured yet... higher see isn't worth it  Noah doesn't have a competent back up center. We won't be in the playoffs with Nazr coming in.
ScalabrineSwag::deng and butler should split mins.
The_JTrain_3000::that's what i thought.... Thibs has to relax with these players.  I'm surprised Deng hasn't gotten injured yet... higher see isn't worth it
Your_Team_is_Not_Elite.::Chokeago Balls sucks Balls
Bryce2790::u should have just said bulls u made it unfunny by using balls&amp;balls in the same sentence...noobie troll
I3UTTON::haha back for more?
ScalabrineSwag::like you do!
FoxKat93::No, he gags on them. lol
FoxKat93::Why is butt.hurt censored?
Mets2410::$@%!$@%!
Mets2410::huh weird.
I3UTTON::i know right
Brice162::hurt butt isnt
Your_Team_is_Not_Elite.::Later B!tches im going to my spurs board! Later F@ggots.
Bryce2790::ur just going to get that dick out ur $@%
NYChe21::I'm confused.
JordanFadeAway::your so lame
I3UTTON::lol mad?
NYChe21::I'm honestly more impressed with Knicks fans on theses boards than the Bulls fans here.  Which is sad.
FoxKat93::Of course you are.
The_JTrain_3000::I'm a knicks fan but if your a Nets fan please recuse yourself
The_JTrain_3000::u mad?
NYChe21::Getting lamer.
The_JTrain_3000::ur post was lame, yes
NYChe21::Lame post.
