jsn23nc::What people dont understand is whatever they think it doesnt matter. All that is important is that Charlotte will get a high pick in this years draft which is deep and and they continue to rebuild. One again. Stephen Jackson, Raymond Felton, Tyson Chandler, and Gerald Wallace was not going to win any CHAMPIONSHIPS so either Jordan could except that or start over and rebuild with guys in the draft with alot of potential and upside. One terrible year doesnt make you a bad owner and the fans in Charlotte know this because of what happen to the Panthers. The Panthers won 2 games and got the 1rst pick in the draft and got Cam Newton. Without that bad year the Panthers dont get Cam and nobody called Jerry Richardson the worst owner in the NFL even though he had  done nothing in fee angency the two previous two seasons leading up to the the NFL lockout. I think fans in Charlotte are patient and will wait for both of our teams to rebuild even if it did cost us a bad year.
mnohsix::Doesn't count in a shortened season
yardog59::7 wins in 65 games is flat our pathetic, shortened season or not. And yes, it does count!!
ATLOlympicyr::Bobcats make the perfect argument for retraction in the NBA. That said, if they must stay, the NBA should go back to a strict won-loss record to determine the #1 pick when a team can't log double figure wins in a season. Just give them the big kid from KY and start from there.
marcpru60::It is all about money so until the truly dreadful teams stop getting attendance (money) and tv ratings reflect too many teams are not NBA level teams will continue to have teams not worth following. Won't ever happen but like your idea about straight up first pick. A Charlotte fan could take solice if get number one pick with "Okay, we now have one starter". In my mind though I would like to see the third team "in" from D-League get first pick and then onward. Which means a gutless guy like Stern would have the spine to start relegation program (three up, three down). In spite of what most Americans think of soccer it creates for the futbol fans "two races" in each division.
the702shogun::dwight rehabbing in cali, right. paul silas's son is the asst coach. red flag. jordan doesn't really want to work that hard to get the team to win, or really knows how to do it unless he's on the court and in his prime. that said, jj redick with the 31 points. can he do it again and be consistent about it?
d.mitch::this makes absolutely no sense.
justsayyeah7::After all the bad picks Jordan made for Washington, how did the NBA think Jordan would make a good owner?
BigEazy_BigDance::Isn't tonight's Bobcat's game nationally televised?
abzandercole1::man this team SUCKS!!!
My former account got banned for trolling::7-58... LMFAO
CARLKELSE::JJ Redick steps up for Orlando win. He has excellent stats. And is a team player, unusual on most pro teams. His talents have been wasted in the past at Orlando.
Magicmike321::Disagree.  He is great coming off the bench.  That being said, I'm ready for him to replace J-Rich as a starter
CarolinaPanthersFan8738::MAYBE WE CAN HIRE LARRY BROWN BACK FROM SMU AND HAVE MICHAEL GIVE AN APOLOGY!!! I DONT LIKE SILAS OR HIS SON
WhyUHatin47::I dont know how any Orlando fams havent shot themselves yet. They only beat Charlotte by 7.
the702shogun::when a car backfires in FL, everybody even old people hit the deck
Magicmike321::Because here in Florida we shoot other people
BigEazy_BigDance::Signed George Zimmerman
CoachHoy::Nice stat line DJ White.  8 minutes and a personal foul.  You really couldn't manage anything else???
Robert156877::The Bobcats are like the Lions.  Eventually they are going to stockpile enough No 1 picks that they are going to be pretty good.  I just need them to stay bad long enough for the Bulls to get a decent pick from them.  Next year the top 12 is protected.
CoachHoy::Then barring any major changes in their roster the Bulls will not be getting their pick.
___slickSixtySix___::my god chris berman is disgusting.................
MettaWorldJoke2::MJ sell the bobcats and move back to Orlando.
candycandyYOU::Will the Miami Heats Win The NBA Championship This Year?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5G4GgA1azg
Joe Raygor::Bobcats need Tim Tebow.
gatorfootball92::hahahahaha
___slickSixtySix___::kinda... they do need a prayer...
EMHS Seamonster::Bobcat fans should come to the last game with paper bags over their heads with eyes drawn onto them, no holes. Would be freaking hilarious.
___slickSixtySix___::lmao  players could do that too  wouldn't affect the outcome
KnightsRuleCUSA::They might shoot better...
CruzInLA::According to Larry Brown, MJ knows how to do things, but it's the people that he surrounds himself with that is messing everything up! Bobcats are horrible!
68steve13::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets
___slickSixtySix___::this site stole all my money
CandySparker::Consecutive 22nd Nervous Breakdown
___slickSixtySix___::lmao bobcats are beyond garbage  just forfeit the last game and save us all some time
Kidd Cougar::A davis to the bobcats to be traded away...
darwinislord::MJ should sell his ownership stake before he starts being included in conversations about Dan Snyder.
Basketball Good NBA Bad 5.0::"I was really happy with the way we played," he said. "We just came up a little short, but we gave it our all."  That's the losers way of saying "We just f***ing suck!"
darwinislord::Adam Morrison had another monster game for the Cats.
MettaWorldJoke::MJ sell the bobcats and move back to Orlando.
farooq_am::Hmm, when I click the Depth tab on the Bobcats' team page I get a "404 - Not found" error.
farooq_am::Charlotte's highest winning percentage all year was on Dec 26 when they were 1-0.
MetsDT18::every team who won their first game had their highest winning percentage when they were 1-0...
Counteroffer::No... Really?
E_cox310::This is absolutely pathetic...PERIOD
68steve13::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets
thelastword34::So Jordan will now have the best record of all time and the worst.  How awesome!
Kentucky wins. You lose.::Remember that time the Bobcats traded for Biyombo and he ended up being kind of awful? And wasted a pick on Harris when they could've gotten Faried? That whole organization is a garbage heap.
True Laker Fan::biyimbo is not bad, and hes only 19
MrMacross::If the Bobcats want to avoid the worst winning percentage in NBA history, their best bet would be for Jordan to step down from the executive suite, put on a Bobcats jersey, and go out and win that game himself.
EMHS Seamonster::Or you know, stop being a $@%!$@ owner and give it over to someone who has half a clue of what the $@%! their doing.
Yoyoman8167::The bobcats are so sh!tty, that calling them that is an insult to $@%!
b.ball_player28::Magic PLEASE BEAT GRIZZZZ. I NEED CLIPPERS TO HAVE HOME COURT.
nbafan22222::I don't think that's very likely based on they performance against the Bobcats tonight but I guess you never know.
caniac999::I cannot emphasize how unfair it is that we here in NC are subjected to this... I mean it has always been painful with the bobcats...but really?  What IS this season?
HOLLOW51386::LOL
SAM BRADFORDS DA MAN::Will a few days then Charlotte can address their off season needs. It shouldn't be to hard for them all they need is a Point Guard, Shooting Guard, Small Forward, Power Forward and Center and they should be good for next season
Robert156877::It's not as bad as you make it out to be, but they do need a backup point guard.  How about this trade, the number one overall pick for the Bulls protected pick and one of the Bulls backup point guards?  They get the backup point guard that they need now, and the Bulls don't have to wait 4 years before that pick is worth something.
brolide::If they have a good free agency, they might be able to compete for the D-League Championship next year.
Ctmnt08::Baby steps, Brolide. Not ready for that yet.
s.molla1993::love it
HOLLOW51386::LOL
zachzach2020::No wonder why Jordan wanted the lockout extended and the season cancelled.
DTangMF::Magic have no shots in the playoff no matter who they face(Miami or Indiana), but just happy to see some of the Knick fans didnt get what they wish for tonight~
KENNETHPOWERS69::they got the 6th seed..it will be Indiana..
KENNETHPOWERS69::give up on them if you wish...everyone else is counting them out as well...will just leave room for the true fans to cheer for their team
Elbow vs Beard................................Elbow Wins....::Get rid of the  Bobkittens Hornets Kings Raptors  and the league will be much better.
caniac999::much better how?... someone else will just take over being the worst and everyone will say these new bad teams should be taken out... and repeat until 1 team left...
Elbow vs Beard................................Elbow Wins....::MJ is a scrub owner/gm
so3icy::Could Steve Nash land in Orlando along with his former coach?  http://thenaykedtruth.blogspot.com/2012/04/steve-nash-chronicles-perfect-fit.html  good read
KENNETHPOWERS69::idk about D'Antoni's system in Orlando...
trollslivelong100::There should a minimum amount of games a team has to win in order to be allowed to play the following season
mrdoubleclick::Maybe the panthers will eek out more wins
jeterjones05::JJ... my 2nd favorite Basketball player EVER! do work!!!!
Blackhawksfan4life::The Bobcats are in great shape people...just a tweak here and a tweak there
winfield47::they currently have no core to build around
Celtics1634::They do have some decent pieces.  Maggette, Augustin, Henderson, possibly Kemba, Reggie Williams.  They rest are just too young to know or just plain suck
Celtics1634::J.J. MOTHA-F'IN REDICK!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lakerfan3902::remember these guys bobcat fans Gerald Wallace, Jason Richardson, Stephen Jackson, Tyson Chandler
b2tha2ndpwr::Their starting lineup was one obvious draft pick from being Raymon Felton, Stephen Jackson (or Jason Richardson), Gerald Wallace, Emeka Okafor, and Brook Lopez... That's would have been a solid group
winfield47::I don't get why everyone considers JRich good. Wasn't he just good at dunking?
Celtics1634::Hype and flash
ZimmermanLives::Only Wallace. The others did nothing in Charlotte.
