Orckrast::lol
George7844::Ghetto discussion about Fri. night's game: <b> LOOKIE HEAH, DAWG.....What did da Grizz do to da Knicks last night ???  WELL, DEY WHOPPED EM....UP....SIDE DA HEAD, WELL DEY WHOPPED EM UP-SIDE DA HEAD!!! HEY, HEY, HEY WHOPPED EM....UP....SIDE DA HEAD, YEAH DEY WHOPPED EM UP-SIDE DA HEAD!!!</b>
knight_rider_1983::Daaa Bears
RICHIEBABY617::i dont get why ppl are up here crying over the loss.. do i feel the refs did a horrible job and knew it the whole way  yes, but who cares its a loss this is the nba not the nfl....... 6-1 is a great start to the season.. there is a reason why the grzz have won 15 straight at home dating back to last year... who cares this is the nba 82 games move on to the next game
thenextgreatest21::Knicks got called for two more fouls than the Grizzlies, CONSPIRACY! Give me a break.
smelters::@tomBabauts, you guys with that market B$ are just copping out. If you don't know that Stern cares more about the "next MJ" then you haven't been paying atttention. Also why worry about NY when you have the Lakers in LaLaLand who get almost every player that they want, since forever ever. Mikan,Wilt, Kareem, Shaq, Gasol, now Howard.  Bron name comes up because Stern seems bent on not letting Melo outshine his boy. "the Knicks dare to be 5-0", so all of a sudden, Stern and his boys step in and Melo starts getting beat up and no calls.When have anyone seen a badly officiated game against Bron? who has a NBA low for fouls,....... alltime, yeah alltime.
RICHIEBABY617::just a poorly officiated game... who cares, memphis is not a contender i think we all know this especially in the west..... its one loss knicks fans and haters both stop trippin
tomBabauts::SO you are saying the refs favored MEM. LOL Yeah because Stern wants the Grizz to be in the finals. It will be a blockbuster.  Biggest market in the NBA vs. small market. hahaha now that's funny. Stupid but funny.  Even without Lebron playing, he still gets the blame. smh
smelters::You are only using stats to help the Grizz. Memphis 32 fts and the Knicks 21. Oh you must have forgotten to post that, somehow.. When the Grizz made their run in the 3rd, both Chandler and Melo had 4 fouls.
smelters::Stern at it again. He has tried his hardest since 2003 to make sure Melo doesn't outshine his beloved Bron. The Pistons not drafting Melo and dominating the LEast for years and even the 2003 ROY. In the last 2 games the refs have tried to stop all this "Melo and the Knicks" noise. Melo throughout his career has been dogged by refs who let him get beat up and make up very questionable calls against him on defense. If Carmelo Anthony got calls like Bron, Wade, Kobe, Durant, etc. he would be virtually unstoppable and may average at least 32 or more per year.
MegaFan012::you need Linsanity to go 7-0
KNICKS2013NBACHAMPS::we would  of lost our 4th game rt
BnaBreaker::JR Smith tweeted today that, "the Grizzlies are a bunch of fake tough guys." So, am I to assume that tweeting your insults from an airplane 35,000 feet in the air is what tough guys do?
bataylor1828::hahaha...JR Smith obviously needs to go back and look at the tape again and make sure he isn't referring it to his own guys
George7844::J R Smith is the one who started the crap that escalated into a shoving match before the refs stepped in. They should've ejected his a$$ right then and there. He is nothing but a na$$hole.
detus::i watched this game with the intent of seeing the grizzlies win and all this knicks being undefeated and people saying 82-0 would finally stop but grizzlies got all the calls at one point even though i did agree with some of the calls like when melo wrapped his arm around gasol but most of them were just momentum killers for the knicks mainly in the 3rd. shouldve been a closer game, probably with the same outcome or a win by a point or 2.   -not a knick fan
Team Nickel::THIS GAME WAS A TRAGEDY
Can I Please Get Some Butter With That Roll::Let's go crazy crazy crazy until we see the sun, I know we just met but let's pretend it's love.  And never never never stop for anyone tonight let's get some and live while were young
knickstape82::Grizz bigs made it hard for us...I think woody should of went with a big line-up. all that changes when stat gets back and shump
EaglesFan_4-Life::Wow the Knicks suck
blueshirts4ever::Yeah, we suck.. Because we have a better record than you, and because we blew you out the door, right?  Yeah, that's got to be it..
Team Nickel::NOT AS MUCH AS YOUR MOM ON ST PATTY's DAY
keonch::expected the game to be fun to watch... but refs called fouls on small contacts which made the game boring in the 3rd quarter...
GrizTitan::Why because of the hype? A team with Rasheed Wallace, Jason Kidd, Marcus Camby, and Kurt Thomas will never succeed against the Grizz.
patsRcheaters10::Refs gave the game to Memphis last night. THose were some str8 foot locker refs out there.. Talk about home court advantage. The Knicks got some bad boys on the squad and the refs dont like it.. Stop ruining the game refs!!!
George7844::"..........let them play......." usually refers to a situation where the refs don't call jack shirt (-r).  They might as well turn them back out on the schoolyard and let them "hully-gully!!" The reason that the NBA is going the way of professional wrestling is that there are no officials with ballz enough to call the game according the rules that are already in place. If they would, then the game might have a scintilla of credibility....providing that they called it EQUALLY on both ends ....and not favoring the so-called "superstars !!"
Nyjetsmetsknicks631::San Antonia refs let them play a real game....on both sides of the ball
George7844::LMFAO---I just love it when the dirtiest team in the NBA whines about the refs. Whadda you expect from your so-called, "bad boys???" You even ADMIT it yourself........soooo.....why do you call them "bad boys?" OF COURSE......IT'S BECAUSE THEY PUSH, HOLD, SLAP, SHOVE, etc.  ............<b>.......and you don't expect 'em to call it. I wonder why !!??? OH WAIT........IT'S BECAUSE THE NY REFS LET 'EM GET AWAY WITH IT !!!        RIIIIIIIIIIIIGHT !!!!!</b>
George7844::blueshirts4ever - *   "By the way, you must not be too intelligent(obviously) because the Grizzs were getting away with a lot last night. Or maybe, you didn't actually watch the game last night, and you're talking out of your @ss?"  <b>Oh.....I doooo think I struck a nerve !! HAR, HAR, HAAAAR !!!   ........and nooo, my post was just fine the way it was. As a matter of fact, you refer to patsRcheaters10 as "they" when, in fact, he is an individual, not a group, making the claim. Soooo, that makes you out as the moron, El Dolto, ..........not me !!! .........."nuff said !!!</b>
blueshirts4ever::*Lmfao---I just love it when the dirtiest team in the NBA whines about the refs. What do you expect from your so-called "bad boys"? You even admit it yourselves. So why do you call them "bad boys"? Of course, it's because they push, hold, slap, shove and et cetera, but you don't expect them to call it. I wonder why? Oh wait, it's because the New York referees let them get away with it! Right!  There I fixed your post for you. You sounded like a moron, and now you don't. :)  By the way, you must not be too intelligent(obviously) because the Grizzs were getting away with a lot last night. Or maybe, you didn't actually watch the game last night, and you're talking out of your @ss?
GrizTitan::Yet another cry baby has entered the room.
machinegunkelley80::they got out played plain and simple, no way melo can front the post vs gasol or zbo and not foul. coach shouldve made adjustments
wyatttharris::heat and spurs fans need to get out of here. this is the 2012-13 season, and as of right this second, the grizz and knicks are the two best teams. and it isn't close.
deymayor::wow, Knicks fans got really screwed up with a decade-long embarrassment.
King Lebron24::GO HEAT
GrizTitan::Cant totally blame their fans. Most of it is coming from the media. Surprised we didnt beat the Heat and Knicks by more. But according to the media we are still underdogs.
machinegunkelley80::alopham you say jr played like a ghetto punk is stupid. larry bird was a dirty $@% player and he wasnt from a ghetto. what about bill lambear. smh that type of !$@% kills me
GrizTitan::To all the Heat fans on the board.... Shut it. Just join the Manhattan Knicks in the loss column. You had your chance so stick to your conference and beat those d- league teams.
Phatepiclewts::They're about to play Phoenix without Lebron or Wade lol.
lebron-is-a-champion::goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo heattt
Td4mvp3::pretty sad lebron had to join a blockbuster team to win a title...cuz he sure as hell coudn't of did it on his own..he lost all his credability after that and no one respects him
George7844::Td4mvp3 - "........cuz he sure as hell coudn't of did it on his own......."  NOBODY RESPECTS YOUR GRAMMAR EITHER, DOLTMORE.  <b> "..........couldn't OF did...."                     Come on, dude......give me a break !!!! </b>
superbad555::Name one payer that has ever done it on his own!! PLease!!
lebron-is-a-champion::i do
lebron-is-a-champion::NEVER underestimate the heat. just look what happened last season
Team Nickel::ILL KEEP TELLING YOUR MOM THAT
Td4mvp3::yea the refs bailed out okc against the spurs and okc had no defense
lebron-is-a-champion::haha keep telling yourself that. refs refs blah blah excuses.
knight_rider_1983::Da Bears!  and I'm talking about Memphis
Td4mvp3::knicks vs spurs in 2013 championship....spurs win in 6
Td4mvp3::dude the heat woulda got humiliated if they woulda faced the spurs last finals...they're lucky they got the thunder...this year is the year of the spur!
lebron-is-a-champion::well the spurs got humiliated by the thunder, WHICH WE BEAT
lebron-is-a-champion::pahahahahha keep dreamin
lebron-is-a-champion::not at allll
Td4mvp3::its true
lebron-is-a-champion::lebron james &gt; any player in the NBA...fact
George7844::Lebron tells me that he just loves it when you lick his balls.........and he's about due for his next one......soooooo.....go git 'er done, dawg !!!
lebron-is-a-champion::heat &gt; your team....fact
Td4mvp3::spurs &gt; your team....fact
lebron-is-a-champion::not the heat!
lebron-is-a-champion::we da champs!!!!!! and spurs suck
Td4mvp3::bring on lebron and well sweep him just like in the 07 finals
lebron-is-a-champion::knicks are looking much better this year
return of the madcap::watching rasheed wallace makes me want to get ripped and go play ball
giangir::Law of averages, Knicks not going to keep up that insane 3pt % that they shot the first 6 games of the season.
WapoHeatFan::lmao.. where the dumb new yorkers at
KinickDiaz::lol... lots of comments about this memphis ending the knicks...... its not gonna end ppl we're here to stay, team has drastically improved from last year....That being said,great game Grizzles!!... your bigs did a good job!
Mike Woodsons Goatee::we still have a better record than the heat
return of the madcap::im worried sick.. 8 games in
Mike Woodsons Goatee::im not worried about anything
giangir::Dont worry about the Heat, worry about making it out of the first round first.  Regular season records do not really matter, specially not even a tenth into the season.
Mike Woodsons Goatee::wheres marcus camby at? why hasnt he been playing? is he still hurt?
lebron-is-a-champion::gooooo heatttttttt
lakers will be 2013 champs::damn grizz, 18 point victory vs heat, 10 point victory vs thunder, 10 point victory vs knicks. wow.
Ustna5::loss to Clipps.....again
Philly burbs::Size matters
Sanchez5thmostTdsin2011::Not good. Im very disapointed
GiantsKnicksYanks::Not all of these fouls were clear fouls in the sense that they weren't called on the Grizzlies end.  The game was physical but the calls were made based on reputation.  Carmelo Anthony doesn't have a reputation of playing hard defense, Randolf does and he got calls Carmelo didn't.  The Knicks received 7 technical fouls last night, including the coach.  There comes a point when even one of the better coaches in the league is getting called for a T that is has reached a point of ridiculousness.  My issue isn't the fact that the Knicks were getting calls, it was the fact that it wasn't consistent with what was being called on Memphis' end.  With that being said, I don't know how this team suddenly can't rebound, Tyson Chandler is only averaging like 7 bounds, that has to improve.
AKsparky907::Grizz fan here, I must admit that I saw 2 foul calls that I thought might have been bogus. Those kinds of things happen in the nba though. To every team. It's like GKY said, it wouldn't have made the difference anyway so why is it even an issue. The grizz played a better game and in my opinion are the better team.
GrizTitan::Another cry baby
GiantsKnicksYanks::When you start whining or punching your tv the next time your team loses, remember this moment when the cry baby dared to give his opinion.
GrizTitan::I was simply defending being called hypocritical. Now being insecure, what make you think that? I called you a cry baby which is true. So me 2 you 0. Or me 105 you 95.
GiantsKnicksYanks::You think I'm trying to take a win away from your team, because I voiced my opinion about fouls calls.  Am I using all caps, no. Was there anywhere I said that Knicks would have won if... no.  I presented my view on the foul rule, I'm not crying I watched the game I saw my team lose.  You responded simply because you were insecure because you thought that I believed your team didn't deserve to win.
GrizTitan::What makes me hypocritical? I am not the one writing short stories crying about what went wrong. Your little team was at one point losing by 20+ points. Take your lost and move on. Go Grizz
GiantsKnicksYanks::Let's pretend for like 3 seconds that you wouldn't be a little skeptical if you were in my shoes for a second.  I'm not saying the Knicks win the game if the calls are consistent, I'm just saying I would have liked to see both teams allowed to play defense.  The Knicks got overemotional yes, the couldn't rebound and got sloppy, yes.  But hypocritical fans such as yourself need to wake up and realize that you should stop doing this, because your team will have one of these games as well, and yes you will be complaining, probably more than me
Philly burbs::Truth hurts eagles tries to build like your doing it doesn't work
Philly burbs::Lakers are garbage
GrizTitan::Very $@%! like.
bankerelm::West top 5  OKC Spurs Grizzlies Clippers Lakers
GrizTitan::Exactly. Not as it stands now
Pealvin::lakers arent top 5 until their record indicates so. I dont care who you have on your team! Right now they are not top 5.
bankerelm::this is for the end of the season. Not right now
Philly burbs::West top 5   Grizzlies Spurs Okc Clippers Denver
nbabasketball1982::Clippers &gt; OKC in my opinion.
GrizTitan::As it stands now. No one said all are playoff teams. Take the tampon out.
alohapm63::Still Denver over the Lakers ??? 7 games in or 50  doesn't change reality
return of the madcap::LOL next week itll be flipped... are u guys 12 years old?.. its 7 $@%!$@% games in
bankerelm::these kids jumping on the bandwagon lol
GrizTitan::Im ok with that
alohapm63::Denver over the Lakers - What are U smoking Dude ??? Same list but Lakers over the F'N Nuggets
bankerelm::Lakers?
GrizTitan::Brooklyn vs Heat ECF  Book It!! And as usual the Manhattan Knicks will be gone by the first round.
bankerelm::knicks &gt; nets
alohapm63::Knicks should think about a trade - Amare for Pau Gasol ???????
alohapm63::Your right - Just a loud thought
bankerelm::no way. lakers dont need anymore drama with amare. plus the contracts dont match
alohapm63::I think the Gasols are even - If u had both on your team it would be awsome ...........
oneandonlybabe::nope  marc &gt; pau
Im just a stupid Heat fan but whatever::good enough for back-to-back Silver Medals....
alohapm63::That would be agreat series right now - Heat - Grizzlies I would pay to see that game - Anyone know when they  will play ea. other in regular season ???
AKsparky907::Grizz just stomped them 3 games ago.
pjoesmith::I watched a replay this morning.  The worst call was on Kurt Thomas near the end of the third quarter.  I watched that one a few times, I didn't see anything.  There were a few others that seemed kind of cheap, but I can kind of see the ref's point-of-view on those.
nbabasketball1982::Knicks every time they fouled they would complain even though it was a clear foul. I was LOL because even the guys on ESPN noticed them complaining even though it was a clear foul.
nbabasketball1982::COme one I was watching the game and most of the fouls are legit. How about that dirty guy JR Smith that try to hit this guy in the head with his elbow. Such a dirty nasty player. I really can't stand that guy. Looks like a trouble maker. You can't make excuses. Refs will makes calls that are legit and not. It doesn't mean that this is the reason why the Grizz won the game. BTW I am not a Grizz fan.
alohapm63::Your Right - JR played like a pissed of 14 year old Ghetto Punk  last night &amp; it hurt the Knicks
alohapm63::Looks like Refs wanted the Grizzlies to win last night for sure
espnmb123::Marc gasol or Pau Gasol?
AKsparky907::Marc
alohapm63::Marc I think is slightly better - the low post moves are smooth - I think he's been watching &amp; getting advice from Rasheed
bankerelm::right now marc.  Pau is older but pau has had a better career.
lebron will get_RINGS::Memphis can go to the finals but I still dont see them winning the finals.. lack of experience..this team is good tho.. I give  em credit
Im just a stupid Heat fan but whatever::they'll be just like every other small market team in the NBA except San Antonio (which is the largest small market team)....Stern will not allow them to hold his dictatorship trophy.....
Philly burbs::Espm can shut up for a little now bout Knicks being dynasty lmao
37stan08::nothing was said about a dynasty except by you
alohapm63::Lack of ball movement &amp; lack of O rebounding did them in last night.............Everyone w/ a brain knows those 2 of the main keys to success -  Refs were tough on the Knicks last night - stopped any momentum from building
nbabasketball1982::I don't think any Knick fan follows the Western Conference teams. You guys think everyone in the Western Conference sucks.
nbabasketball1982::Grizz are a better team sorry.  I don't know why every Knick fan thinks the Knicks are better. Grizz are obvioulsy better. Right now in a 7 game series the Grizz would beat the Knicks.
GrizTitan::Quit crying. Its still early in the season and the Grizz are a better team.
return of the madcap::hahaha keep em coming
GrizTitan::Its was proven last night. What more do you need?
return of the madcap::lol its still early but the griz are better?? haha ur funny
return of the madcap::the refs really hurt the knicks... that game should have been much closer... and im not a knicks fan
DanNYC2816::Bad loss, the knicks looked awful. Promising sign though that they only lost by 10. Other knicks teams would have been blown out.
nbabasketball1982::NOt really .. They were down by 15 points. Everyone from both teams empty the bench and the Knicks bench kept playing while the Grizz bench didn't care. It was really a 15 point by the time the starters got benched. So it was really a 15 point and that's a blow out to me.
Oaktown1029::I told y'all, this Grizzlies team is for real!!
alohapm63::Grizzlies will reack the finals IFFF Randolph stays healthy
bankerelm::watch out spurs, lakers, okc, miami.
GrizTitan::Right you are
bankerelm::watch out for the grizzlies, sir
GrizTitan::Watch out for what? You sir havent been paying attention.
