Kev_010::k love is so stupid in this game
minifarmgirl12::i watched the entire game, love is favoring his left hand to the point where he's afraid to reach for an entry pass. he looked terrible.  i'm a kevin love fan, not a hater, but it might be a while till he gets his shot going again, the fact it's his non shooting hand is worse.
rleroy1967::Wolves Win!  Wolves Win!  That's all that matters!
mr.sharkie::Knew we'd win.....just sayin'
arenal11::People relax, Love had a bad game and will bounce back. I'm far more concerned w/Shved's inconsistent shooting.  We sorely miss Bud, hopefully Howard gets well very fast and Lee is only out a few games, going into this stretch we are going to need everyone.
mr.sharkie::Lee sucks
arenal11::This is his first real year w/last years injuries and he's coming along nicely.  If him and Shved ever get on an even semi-consistent basis, we are going to go a long ways.
eototalt::His defense doesn't
NewOrleansPelicans504::Hey former fat boy kevin love....you ever think that maybe YOU are the problem...3-17 shooting and 5 fouls...straight trash...now shut up and play ball. maybe you need to get fat again, you were better then
eototalt::It's called 1 bad game kid.
jonnyd_94::good job Love...way to take a dump on your team after you...took a dump on your team...
ibnfrey::Go Wolves! :)  WTG Pek! :)
climb171::Faried Beasted.  End of story.
grelar::Yeah, he did what KLove usually does. . . . .  stat stuff in the face of a loss.
climb171::He played his heart out fighting on the boards for every rebound...something KLove could learn from.
minifarmgirl12::kevin love is just ruining my fantasy team, after his gaye hand injury i wonder if he'll ever find his shot again, he's been missing everything, it's like he sucks
minny snowta::shut up! you r just a hater.  his shot ill return and his rebounding hasn't escaped him and he has gotten over 30 twice in 7 games.  you are gaye as hel!
minifarmgirl12::getting over 30 means nothing when you're shooting 30%,  i'm not a hater, i'm just a realist...  i can't wait till he gets back into full form, but it could be a while
mnsportswopwopwahhh::regardless of the outcome of this game K Love couldn't stop Farried at all that kid is straight up ballin
godsent224::When will a George Karl team ever play defense? They would win so many games if they ever did.
grelar::They used to in Seattle.
SECisreelfutball::Didnt espn pick Denver to win the finals?
wrex8::Well, at least it seems like Love learned how to whine at refs while running back on D, not standing around. That's encouraging.
minny snowta::wolves beat a good team in denver.  anytime you can walk away with a win against george karl and former teammates is a good win.  also, love shot like $h!t and everyone contributed.  good job getting over .500 wolves, keep it up!
Minnysota Vikings::I'm gonna call it a night. See ya eototalt. Good talk.
eototalt::adios!
eototalt::Looks like that Thunder game is on TNT :D
eototalt::Here is a good read Minnysota...  http://www.twincities.com/sports/ci_22182274/love-gets-hear-fans-opinions-3-17-night?source=rss
MattRamsayMoore::Minnesota fans should be jumping for joy if he left. You can not win a championship with a team who's best player is Kevin Love. His poor shot selection and non-existent defense are not the makings of a winning player.   There is a reason why even though Love had better raw numbers PPG/Rebounds wise last season then KG ever did, the team was still bad. He is just not a winning type of player.
Minnysota Vikings::More proof that he should not have made those comments public. I don't blame him for the way he feels nearly as much as I do of him making them public. Now he's getting backlash from the fans, and he's not handling it that well. It's affecting his play. I think if he just takes a backseat from a scoring perspective the next couple games and just focuses on getting rebounds and the occasional putback, these feelings will subside.
eototalt::We have to see how things go. I believe him when he says he likes it here and likes the fans. He loves playing with Rubio. If things go well then it increase our chances of him staying.
Minnysota Vikings::Be honest. How much faith do you have that he's gonna resign once his 3 years is up? His 4th year is an option year remember. I don't have much faith right now. I have the feeling that even if the Wolves make the playoffs every year, he's gonna leave because he just simply hates Glen Taylor and Kahn.
eototalt::He will be fine, I think people are overreacting a bit. They just need to be patient and let things play out. Even if he didn't make it public he still is saying those things. I don't have a problem with that though, because most of what he said is true. I just think it is funny how nobody even mentions all the good he said in that interview. He said more positive things than negative.
.United We Run Divided We Walk.::Stop being an idiot. Love is the best.
MattRamsayMoore::Love is the best? HA HA he is the most overrated player in the NBA. He's not even the best PF/C named Kevin in the league.
eototalt::I didn't say anything bad about Love.
Minnysota Vikings::Any news about how long Malcolm Lee is gonna be out? I heard he had a hyperextended knee.
eototalt::I havent heard anything yet...
eototalt::What do you think Minny, 13-9 going into that Miami game?
eototalt::I am just happy we are the 7th seed with Rubio coming back. It's only looking up from here...
Minnysota Vikings::Wolves have been very fortunate to have a softer schedule along with not having to play many games so far. We'd most likely be deep in the mud if we had a schedule like the Nuggets have had so far with all these injuries.
Minnysota Vikings::Seems like a good possibility.
Minnysota Vikings::So who's the real United? There was another ".United We Run." on the Celtics board.
eototalt::Judging by how he said Phil and I are idiots I will assume he is the real one.
.United We Run Divided We Walk.::Stop lying bud
eototalt::Toooooooo late.
.United We Run Divided We Walk.::You will never get laid
Minnysota Vikings::People still here? Sweet.
eototalt::Just United and I. lol
DMSupreme::kevin love 3 for 17? sheesh seems like he has those kind of games alot
minny snowta::pretend to me, is that english? who is the idiot?
eototalt::He doesn't have them a lot. He has just been a little inconsistent since he came back. Probably has something to do with his hand still healing.
.United We Run Divided We Walk.::eototalt - .United We Run Divided We Walk. - You and Phil are such idiots  Why didn't you answer the question. That is kind of rude!  Yah cause you idiot wolves fans pretend to me and get my accounts banned idiots
eototalt::.United We Run Divided We Walk. - You and Phil are such idiots  Why didn't you answer the question. That is kind of rude!
.United We Run Divided We Walk.::You and Phil are such idiots
eototalt::Go away troll. Nobody here likes you!  Did your other account get banned?
.United We Run Divided We Walk.::eototalt - Rubio is the teams MVP... 5-25 without him... Although I do not fault him for not making the playoffs. I don't care who you are you can't lead a team to the playoffs consisting of Luke Ridnour, Wes Johnson, Michael Beasley and Darko Milicic.  You're an idiot
eototalt::Rubio is the teams MVP... 5-25 without him... Although I do not fault him for not making the playoffs. I don't care who you are you can't lead a team to the playoffs consisting of Luke Ridnour, Wes Johnson, Michael Beasley and Darko Milicic.
DMSupreme::he had games like this last year, he kind of overated superstars get there teams to the playoffs no matter how bad the team is kobe,lebron,dirk,melo,cpr,durant,even dhoward always make it to the playoffs no matter what lebron and melo were drafted 1 and 3 by lottery teams and a year later were in the playoffs ,kevin love is a 2nd option type of player on any other team
IAMLEGEND_101::NUGGETS NOW HAVE TOO MANY ROLE PLAYERS. NEED TO GET A SUPERSTAR MAN
Tpupnation22::thought iggy was there superstar.
Patreeky::Meh, they just need too not play terrible basketball
tripleteamthreat::Was this an EPIC game tonight?
Patreeky::no... unless your name is Nikola Pekovic
Patreeky::More so in the first half than the 2nd
tripleteamthreat::It looks like the quarters swung each way.
eototalt::The Wolves stand a good chance of being 13-9 going into that 3 game stretch of the Heat, Thunder, Knicks.
Patreeky::When does rubio come back?
Patreeky::Damn that's sooner than I thought, It will be interesting to see how that works out, cant imagine anything other than swimmingly.
eototalt::probably Saturday vs the Mavs.
jayeteee::Anyway, it's a shame the Nuggets got two double doubles in a wasted effort. Hopefully some home cooking gets them some wins so they can get over the .500 mark. As for the T-Wolves, I have nothing against them, but they really didn't need to pick up Frodo. Guy's a punk.
Patreeky::Theres nothing I hate in the NBA more than a whiner, and he certainly is one.
eototalt::Barea? lol
pst23.41::Amish Mafia - I would puch this dude with the goatee in the face, what a Fn pansy
pst23.41::wow, Discovery channel now, Amish Mafia........
Patreeky::Yes! I was talking about this yesterday
jayeteee::That's why I watched it. I remember you saying something about it and I came across it and figured what the hell.
jayeteee::I was watching that earlier. LOL. Isn't that kind of an oxymoron?
pst23.41::its looking funny
jayeteee::Best Billy Crystal movies: City Slickers I &amp; II.
rleroy1967::thank you...that's good too
rleroy1967::What's that movie he's in ....Fantasy, Andre the Giant was in.
Patreeky::Princess Bride
rleroy1967::Alright.  good night everyone!
pst23.41::Has anybody else wondered what that mark on Drew Brees face is
jayeteee::It's a birth mark. Probably a head first baby. Breech or whatever.
rleroy1967::Don't know
rleroy1967::Timberwolves are the team that dreams are made of.....(that doesn't really work) :)
rleroy1967::would be great if the guy from her commercial was standing next to her!!!!!!!
pst23.41::lol Sir Paul is scared of that black dude standing beside him
Patreeky::Is it Tookie Williams?
pst23.41::I think its Dave Chapelle
IAMLEGEND_101::WHAT CHANNEL IS THIS ON
IAMLEGEND_101::THANKS
Patreeky::Right under the tab key
rleroy1967::HBO, AMC, lots
pst23.41::i have it on FUSE
rleroy1967::She is an ARTIST....No Doubt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pst23.41::I would sleep with Alicia Keys
rleroy1967::I wouldn't sleep though.
rleroy1967::Alicia Keys is on now......Wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!She was amazing toooooo!
jayeteee::Alicia Keys is HOT!
Patreeky::When does Wu Tang come on? I assume they're headlining
pst23.41::BET, she sngs NEW York
rleroy1967::I think this is like some commercial?
pst23.41::Missing Jay'Z tho
pst23.41::I WAS RIGHT!!!
pst23.41::Truthfully, I would kill myself, if i could come back in the 60s, Id set myself on fire if i was allowed to wake up age 17 in 1963
Patreeky::Have fun being drafted
rleroy1967::Nice!
IAMLEGEND_101::GALLINARI IS A STAR
rleroy1967::You know it's crazy when a basketball board turns into a concert board!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Minnysota Vikings::GOD DANGIT SAN ANTONIO!!!!
IAMLEGEND_101::WHAT HAPPEN TO DENVER.
jayeteee::George Karl got a contract extension.........
Patreeky::Think what the Monstars did to the NBA players in space jam...
pst23.41::thats the headline for this season for them
pst23.41::Paul McCartney has been singing for almost 60 years, give it to the man, best singer ALIVE
rleroy1967::That's why Roger Waters, the Boss, and the Who were so good.
rleroy1967::The best I saw tonight.....Roger Waters, The Boss and The Who.
rleroy1967::No Tupac unfortunately.
Patreeky::Psh, no holographic tupac no go. Unless theres some sort of holographic Biggie Smalls involved...
rleroy1967::Check out those 3 on Youtube tomorrow!
Patreeky::This is quite the concert...
Patreeky::Was holographic Tupac there?
rleroy1967::You are right.
pst23.41::I only saw 1 song by Kanye and Paul thats it
rleroy1967::If there was one band I'd like to see that someone had to be brought back to LIFE to play in it.......It would be...........The Grateful Dead!
rleroy1967::Mostly white people in this concert too.
Patreeky::My personal favorite work by Jerry Garcia;  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ed_UXT0aju4
jayeteee::"Davis Bluestein is the name of the actor that played Jerry Garcia on the movie Half Baked. ChaCha!"
jayeteee::That looked like Will Sasso.
pst23.41::wow, theres more white people on these boards than i thought
rleroy1967::unfortunately it would have to be over 18 show
Patreeky::Blech, I cant stand the dead
jayeteee::I saw 'em and it was probably the worst concert I ever saw.
pst23.41::Michael Jackson wouldve brought alot of revenue though
pst23.41::UTah pulled one out they $@%
jayeteee::I hate that fan base.
pst23.41::is  Utah really in need of a NBA team, really
eototalt::Damn the Spurs lost!
