Michael Vann Wilson::for all you guys who think this years Bobcats are the Bobcats of old, this team is a lot better then they have been in a long time.
Joe Brooks::Warriors, a novel idea...lay off the 3's and play a little defense.
Chad Wiggins::STOP SHOOTING CURRY
Josh Schwartz::Even if the Eastern Conference (save for Indiana and [I guess] Miami) really suck, it's good to see them still beat down some teams from the West now and then. The Bobcats are honestly pretty decent this season (by Eastern Conference standards), so this honestly doesn't surprise me much. Great game by Walker and I really hope they continue to play well after so many abysmal seasons of sucking and making Jordan look like the worst owner in the history of the NBA.
Cory Nope::Things have begun to even out standings wise. Mainstream writers all suck for the most part, so theyll  justify and exaggerate something that they didnt even break down correctly and state it as fact. Whats the head to head record? Strength of schedule against inner conference? The fact that theyre only 20-something games in? There are far more creative topics to write about. This is going to be a heavy trade season.
David Garcia::These are the Warriors we all know and love. Outside looking in....
Hampton Cooper::So ready for this team to become the Hornets again.
Adam Byer::What is wrong with the Warriors all the sudden?  So much for the best shooting back court of all time haha.   Don't think the team with that would have 24 points 15 minutes into a game.
Dallas Rob Davis::they are having a slow start...it happens lol
Chad Wiggins::its so funny to me to listen to dale curry pretend like he is rooting for the bobcats.... he is not rooting against his boy in any way shape or form, i promise u that
Dallas Rob Davis::Klay Thompson' dad does the laker games, it's always fun to watch him broadcast games against his kid when we play.
Adrienne Carr Barnes::There's an interview of him and Klay and their dad's on the Warriors website, and they addressed that very question; who are they truly rooting for when their son comes to town, and plays against their team.  Dell responded his son of course (he actually said my baby...LOL), but Mychael on the other hand said his team; the Lakers.  Wow! Klay just rolled his eyes, and shook his head.  I hope he was just kidding.
John Hartley::proud of my bobcats. They matched a high powered offense tonight. Helps the panthers loss go down easier as well lol
Adrienne Carr Barnes::Giving up 50+ point in a half is starting to get real depressing.  Come on Warriors, I need ya'll to snap out of this...STAT!
Taylor Manes::What the hell...lmfao at the score...shouldnt it be the other way around
Andrew Nickels::Go Bobcats, on behalf of grateful Jazz Nation....all eyes on lottery
Ryan Zamora::Rumor is Toney Douglas could be playing tonight. Will be interesting if he does.
Jason Aschenbrenner::Worst shooting performance by GS that I've seen this year, Curry especially, don't plan on him looking for open players that might hit something though!!!
Ayn Bland::WTF, GS?  Your fall from grace is depressing.  You're leaving us in the cold while goading the likes of the Spurts and Pacers.  We miss you.  Get well soon.  ~ Fans of Fun Teams of the NBA
Dallas Rob Davis::0-8 from deep. That will get you every time
Chad Wiggins::GS is better at every flipping position...there is no freeking excuse for this.... pathetic... bring ur tail to the arena ready to play basketball
Peter Lee::No three point shooting team has ever won the NBA championship that's why
Dallas Rob Davis::lol did y'all gamble on the Dubs or something? You obviously haven't watched them much. We are built around open Klay and Curry jumpers. No iggy hurts us
Dylan Ennis::The cats will play hard as they usually do and make this a game.  Even though the cats are a little banged up I expect a close one (haha fingers crossed)
Chad Wiggins::bobcats television, please move the GD mike away from whoever that fffffn idiot is screaming at the top of his lungs
Chad Wiggins::really thats out on barnes... really.... he has it in one hand, has it knocked out, and doesnt complain... SMH
Dallas Rob Davis::Chad, why you freaking out? It's the NBA, and the Dubs are capable of raining 3's at any moment. Relax!! lol
Chad Wiggins::nba is so f********* rigged... how many of these GD off fouls have we seen on the bobcats... 0
Chad Wiggins::as bad a performance as i have seen all year... the warriors make me nauseous
Shawn-Hlee Hawj::Overrated team this year Golden State... Go nuggets!
Jean-Noël Felisot::Go Thunder!
Dallas Rob Davis::Warriors, bombs away 3rd quarter. Dubs win by 9. Dub-NATION
Jason Aschenbrenner::out of your mind, keep smoking that
