rondo2KG::As a C's fan, we were looking nervously over our shoulders for the Bucks.  You guys need to make a move soon if you don't want El Heat in the first round...
mymomdunkedonyourmom::Ive been following a bet system called Sportsbettingstar the past couple months now. I doubled my initial balance and made almost $3000 by the end of my 2nd month using the systems picks. If you search online for sports betting systems you can learn more how this systems works and will make you $
cShOx::Milwaukee should give up already! Reddick aint give them the edge yet? Why make the 8th Seed just to get swept?
CoreyGallagherArt::Yes, yes, at this pace the Sixers will surpass the Wiz, more ping pong balls for us!
m_gunners::due to vast difference between East and West standards,they should have 10 playoffs places for the West and 6 only for the East..you wouldn't want to watch this garbage team Bucks in the playoffs when the likes of Lakers,Mav,Jazz  are out .....
lester4586::And so are the mavs and jazz
lester4586::And so are the mavs and jazz
Dnton88::Lakers are pretty garbage themselves this season.
m_gunners::you got a point!
Dobby is Free::http://img.gawkerassets.com/img/18heur1z2xqvogif/ku-medium.gif  Larry Sanders...
Bhintage::2-8 shooting,  0-3 from 3 point land.  Jennings you suck.
boudz::I won't be sad to see him go.
ICulver9::q
d_bokk::Hey Jennings, maybe if you played a little defense every PG we play wont look better than you. Obviously Wall's better, but Jennings even makes Mike James and Jeff Teague look like stars.   To Jennings, the Matador Defense is pretending he's going to play defense then promptly get out of the way and let his opponent get into the paint and to draw a foul / score an easy layup. And when he's defending guys like Wall who are good, we get killed and then Jennings goes and whines about wanting to be part of a "winning organization."
lester4586::Wisky xtreme I would agree with that but since they have allowed monta to play and stopped him from watching jennnings dribble around to shoot and not running off screens shooting jumpers he is better and so is the team
lester4586::Wisky xtreme I would agree with that but since they have allowed monta to play and stopped him from watching jennnings dribble around to shoot and not running off screens shooting jumpers he is better and so is the team
Wisky Xtreme::The Bucks need to get rid of Jennings and Ellis....     these 2 guys have combined to shoot over 41% of the teams total field goal attempts..  as well as only shooting a combined 40% from the field...   and this is the sole reason why the bucks can not win or get better......
Wisky Xtreme::The Bucks cant beat the weak teams....
CRobby221::Im so done with Jennings.  I cant wait for him to get out of town.
MuayThai20::"The Bucks will end the Heat's streak"  - idiots
ICulver9::Jennings is elite........ lmao
lester4586::I remember some bucks fan said get rid of monta because of beno udrih and jennings was the back court the bucks needed when I said monta was good and the bucks needed a new coach and still do this team is talented and should not struggle to make playoffs
KswizzyD777::i said the same thing :) jennings never looked good in my eyes
lester4586::I remember some bucks fan said get rid of monta because of beno udrih and jennings was the back court the bucks needed when I said monta was good and the bucks needed a new coach and still do this team is talented and should not struggle to make playoffs
Rare Species1::Wizards should have lost this one. Gotta tank.
GeorgeTownDC29::I agree. But its Wittman. He wants to secure his job by winning meaningless games
kcchen_us::wrong post
ovechkinsgoal::huh?
ovechkinsgoal::wizards are 17-14 since starting 4-28.  not having wall and nene at the beginning of the season was a DAGGER
podunktownie::being the wizards is the real dagger.
ovechkinsgoal::lol
Milwaukee Bucks...::on to the next one
Milwaukee Bucks...::this game was a fluke
ovechkinsgoal::bucks got walled
PartTimeHomer::Hell of a fluke season series win for the Wizards.
Martell Faye::<b> Take the loss like a man.</b>
Milwaukee Bucks...::fluke
dont_hate_the_playa_hate_the_game::wait...you're down 14 at the half, take the lead by 3 at the end of the 3rd, and get blasted by 13 in one quarter? WASTE
Martell Faye::<b> 1. CP3  2.Rondo  3. K Irviing  4.Westbrook  5. Tony Parker  6. Seth Curry   7. Jrue Holiday  8. Deron Williams  9.D Lilard  10. Could Ty Lawson, Greivis Vasquez or John Wall</b>
nadivboy::Wall is not quite on that list. I am a wizards fan. I know he has the potential, but he needs to work(more than work) on his shot and minimize his turnovers. If he does those he can be number 5 or 6 on that list.
PartTimeHomer::Lillard is not a better PG than Wall. He's not a better passer. He's not a better defender.  He's a good rookie, but let's not get ahead of ourselves. If anything, he's a good passing SG playing PG. If Nene doesn't miss 50% of his layups, the assist numbers aren't even close.  And let's remember that Wall came in half-way through the season, cold and out of shape.
Martell Faye::<b> Wall &gt; Lilard only because hes a rookie</b>
Aicyla22::wow wtf happened? I was watching the heat game
Martell Faye::<b> Wizards won because of John Wall.</b>
Aicyla22::interesting
knicks_112ndcoming::John wall said, hes a top 10 Pg and he deserves a max contract.  do u guys agree??
nadivboy::He is a top 15 PG, he does deserve a big contract because of his potential and good work ethics. He will get to a top 5 pg in the next 4 years if he works on his jump shot.
PartTimeHomer::Drunk on jock confidence. He's not a top 10 or a max player right now. He's really good, but the amount of depth that the PG position has effectively forced him to take another contract at less money than he desires.  And that's regardless of what team he ends up with. If LeBron isn't making max (which was his choice, but really f'd it up for everyone else), John Wall isn't.
BALLIN_LIKE_JORDAN::no he is not a max player. why should he earn more then jrue holiday or steph curry .4/44 mill is good enough
Martell Faye::<b> I agree that he's a top 10 point guard.</b>
knicks_112ndcoming::why so?
mackmilitary::I used to think jennings was a top 10 pg....thats what i get from thinking....He's worse than mike james
BALLIN_LIKE_JORDAN::no he isn't
Martell Faye::<b> Well Wizards should make the playoffs next season, if they can maintain a healthy roster. </b>
Martell Faye::<b> How did the Bucks drop this game?</b>
DX_Hoo::JOHN. WALL. JOHN. WALL.
Intellibeam15::Does Jennings and Ellis ever play good on the same night?
d_bokk::No because Jennings rarely has a good game.
4443Alan::DO you mean play WELL
PartTimeHomer::Are Clark Kent and Superman ever in the same place at the same time?
knicks_112ndcoming::Bucks are lucky they are in the eastern confernce  and also most teams are rebuilding
mackmilitary::Jennings got to gooooooooooooooooo! asap 2 games going 2-7...8 points in 41 minutes...smh
4443Alan::Don't shake, just spank
Bocktor::can Jennings suck any worse?
4443Alan::The answer to that question can be found in..............  Kobe Bryant JK
4443Alan::And I think to myself........  WHAT A WONDERFUL WORLD
LilVdog88::John Walls last two games have been terrific!
PartTimeHomer::Last 6, really. There was that one 6 turnover game, but he's been on point for a while now. He needs to play like this when Beal gets back and not defer or press too much. I predict that the Wizards will have a top 5 back court next season if no one gets injured.  No idea what the rest of the roster will look like.
nadivboy::They will hopefully draft a small or power forward in the draft. Otto porter would be AMAZING with Beal and Wall. Nene and Okafor is a good big man combination.
kcchen_us::what happen to Jennings?
jboliv01::john wall
4443Alan::HE died
4443Alan::John Wall to the Heat
Colts_rock56::Stupidest Sh## i Have ever heard
nadivboy::the heat dont have that money
4443Alan::U not a fan u butt hurt piece of $@%!
LilVdog88::Shut up
tommygunz1989::not a wiz fan but if wall had played the whole year this is a playoff team maybe 6th or 7th
nadivboy::thats what all the experts said at the beggining of the season, bubble playoff team
Its_on_sucka::Someone explain to me how on a back to back game, you don't rest anyone the whole 3rd quarter?!?!? You make a run, your guys are tired, call a fckin time out!!!! Let them get their wind and legs back and sub out the one guy who did absolutely nothing the entire night!!! Goodness, I could coach this team better!!!
PartTimeHomer::John Wall's numbers over the last 6 games are really good. Shooting over 46%. and turnovers are down.
kcchen_us::If Derrick Rose play for Wizards, this team is a playoff team!
PartTimeHomer::Or if half the team wasn't injured for half the year.
KswizzyD777::jennings awkward playing style usually kills the heats, lets hope his confidence is ready for that game
melvin887::If my Wizards get to 30 wins this year I be happy with that
melvin887::Thats tru but next yeat we be 6th or 8th seed next season
PartTimeHomer::It will be pretty big given how the season started and how many injuries there were. Team might be 7th or 8th seed right now if they'd been healthy all season.  Big win without Beal, too. A couple of them.
brandon 095::$@%! u milwaukee.. goodbye streak
melvin887::21 wins
melvin887::Looks like Heat will have 2 wins in row tomorrow they playing $@%!$@ Bucks
michaelriggle::They have 2 wins in a row as well
melvin887::21
JMars Fan 28 9::You fellow Heat haters gonna love this video..... funny http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWYgaJAFLFs
jsl03::This is pretty sad how ESPN is so far behind in tracking this game.
PartTimeHomer::I tracked it on NBA.com and commented here. Wasn't worth the frustration.
michaelriggle::Okafor injured, picking up Booker now
