Leflop6::Blake Griffin makes LeFool James look like a Jr High wannabe...LMAO
jhatch48611::yu a lie
Danadude69::No Crawford, no Bledsoe, no problem
LobCityCP32BG32::nice to see billups play pg again
Jordanesque110::<b><p style="font-family: Papyrus;">Good game.</p></b>
Cleeepers::@BabyCrossover  Clips fans love your daddy as much as your daddy loves you!  #Chip4TheBaby
Kobelies247::Crawford ok?
sautan::he is in seattle with his wife who gave just delivered a baby girl. Congrats JC.
Steveforprez04::Clippers - Pacific Division champs!!!
FTLakerFan::wow, make room in the rafters for that banner
Cleeepers::Make room on the fishing boat for all those egos.
Jmac4539::beast griffin dragging down 5 dead bodies
rm90025::Clippers only seem to feed Blake Griffin the ball when they get fast breaks off of loose balls, steals and long misses.  They never seem to get him the ball enough in a set offense.  He can score with both hands with his back to the basket and can hit a mid range jump shot.  He is an outstanding passer from the block and the elbow.  He's actually a better interior passer than Chris Paul.  And of course, we all know about his ability to finish if he gets a step on the defender. The Clippers ticket to the NBA finals is through Blake Griffin, not Chris Paul.  Vinny Del Negro seemed to lament that they did not get Blake the ball enough during the first quarter and a half (when they were behind).
the_alba_bang::hilarious
Igevalt::AND I DON'T CARE TO HEAR ONE REPLY FROM ANY LAKER FANS BECAUSE YOU SUCK!!!!
Igevalt::Let me repeat it one more time just in case you might of missed it. THE LAKERS SUCK!!!! AND ALL LAKER FANS CAN SUCK IT!!!!!!  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHASHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  YOU SUCK!
mason8181::Deandre Jordan went 6-6 from the field. Give him a break on his free throws. If the Lakers played like his teammates, I wouldnt worry about Dwight's free throws.
Soonerhopeful1::One thing that Bobcats fans can take heart in by losing this game....All the Lakers fans are unhappy about your loss... That's good news.
Soonerhopeful1::There are some Good Lakers fans, but just not on Clippers boards, unless they can also support the Clippers... There are a few.
mason8181::You dont speak for the Laker fans. Go hide in the basement.
Soonerhopeful1::True I don't speak for them and would not suggest such a thing, but I do echo their trolls and rabid mentality....!      My basement is full, yet I do hear your mommy calling.
NBA watcher of games::If the Clippers wanna compete they gotta kick Deandre's sorryass down to the D-League until he can shoot a consistent 55% free throws
Soonerhopeful1::When other teams were just trying to get him from the Clippers... You need to keep your day job...      Jordan is the fastest big man center, in the league.
NBA watcher of games::Deandre Jordan worst FT shooter in the history of the NBA.
Soonerhopeful1::Jordan hits his FT's when it is important...!   Also to fool naive fans..!
Jmac4539::i thought dwight was
LobCityCP32BG32::turiaf
mcdonough35::I would too if I was a Mets fan
mcdonough35::Take spurs Wed night! Lock of century
okc_gambler::Moron, I bet on teams that make me money
okc_gambler::OK State -15.5 and Thunder -13
ohbust::Gamble with your head not your heart dope
okc_gambler::Take the Thunder and Oklahoma State, they both will cover
ohbust::Homer much???  My god
okc_gambler::The Spur won't cover. Pop will probably pull out Duncan, Manute and Parker out of the game in the 3rd quarter
ohbust::Rookie stop using lock
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::im gonna spend my last few bucks on a pistol and blow my brains out
okc_gambler::Don't do that, bet your money on the Thunder tomorrow and they will cover.
howdytherrrr::dude no!
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::MKG is such a bum, guy brings absolutely nothing to the table and bimbo cant catch a hot air balloon... $@%! the nba
ohbust::5dimes just graded my under 95 as a loss.  Wtf
ohbust::2nd half
Soonerhopeful1::Heard of the Saying  Lucky at cards, unlucky at love....  Well in basketball, it's   "  Lucky in bball play, unlucky in Bball management"...  MJ is not great at every thing...!
Soonerhopeful1::With Kevin Love not playing....Griffin is probably the best Big man in the NBA..!
Soonerhopeful1::Griffin and Love are friends, and respect each other... 1a and 1b... you can pick.  But both have qualities.
Twankies7::The pick and pop option with Kevin Love separates him from Griffin
A Drunk Monk::Griffin is better than Love...
mcdonough35::Our $@%!$@%! no way moron
All time leading scorer::No
marcus12grdt::Clips all the way. Defeat miami in 7 games. However, cp3 has to play like he did in all star gm if not lebron will sco rched us in 5 games...
marcus12grdt::I think clips can beat spurs in playoffs this yr. It will probably go 7 games.
A Drunk Monk::Clips match up fine with Miami- it's getting through the Spurs AND Okc that scares me more. That's a gauntlet most teams would not get through.
Deaneer32::Not even OKC...Its the Spurs and Coach Pop I'm worried about.
Jmac4539::if blake griffin and k love mix together it will be unstoppable
Soonerhopeful1::But both K Love and Griffin can Center well.
Deaneer32::they both play PF tho...
Hiroxhack::I won money  ty clippers  scared me when u put ur third string in
Soonerhopeful1::Gotta have balls, to give up 17.5 points in a game where Bledsoe and Crawford are not playing.
okc_gambler::The money is on theThunder tomorrow
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::17.5 points without crawford so i pass up a golden hockey game to cap off my parlay... never again, $@%! the nba
Soonerhopeful1::WE're not talking about beating Bobcats.. But covering a 17.5 spread.
okc_gambler::Redeem yourself by betting on the Thunder tomorrow
Hiroxhack::why u bet on cats lol
A Drunk Monk::Crawford and Bledsoe aren't needed to beat a Bobcats squad at home...and their injuries ensured the starters would show up and avoid the "trap" mentality
Soonerhopeful1::Beat  Yes;   But to win by 17.5...  Bledsoe and Crawford would help.
Soonerhopeful1::You Bobcats fans think we Clippers should trade Griffin....?
Soonerhopeful1::Ha ha....Good responses....!
SacTownManiac::The Bobcats have fans?
A Drunk Monk::Only a fool would think that. Every NBA team would take Griffin in a heartbeat.
SacTownManiac::NBA has been rigged since 2002
krazb79::Another Rigged NBA Good night............
Soonerhopeful1::I always wondered how the Goal looked lower when Griffin dunked.. They lower it for him...! and it's fixed....  Is the moon cheese also..?
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::game was fixed, bobcats play great ball for a quarter and change and then give up... also mcroberts hits two 3s and didnt get any playing time hahaha $@%! the nba
Soonerhopeful1::Ya gotta love the have nots fans....It's always rigged when they lose...But the one win, is where honest calls were made..!  Lol.
Can i get an amen::I have come to the conclusion that you are a fool. Not from your idiotic post but also from your knee slapping prediction the mets even stand a chance in 2013
lastchance0910::clips/ heat
howdytherrrr::Spurs/Heat
Talentsojhin::bobcats center spot stats: 2 pts 9 pf 6 to 10 reb... I wonder what they need in the draft....
A Drunk Monk::People are really bold with their playoff predictions. Picking the #1 seed in the West to take on the #1 seed in the East.   Bet you that won't be happening- the slate is clean and anything can happen in the playoffs.
SacTownManiac::The Heat needed double OT to beat my Kings. They're nothing special.
People Gettin Mad The Red Wings Aint Goin Away::lol don't act like that would happen repeatedly
ttooom22::haha, that was the Kings super bowl.  seasons over now
howdytherrrr::at home
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::instead of sticking with the yotes and winning 550 i lost 50... i will never forgive the bobcats for the $@%!... $@%! my life
ttooom22::gonna be Knicks Clips  Knicks in 6
rm90025::NYK will be lucky to get out of the first round. I see a second round loss in their future.  They're too old and a Melo-run offense is easy to defend in the playoffs.
Jmac4539::Knicks might not be able to past first round
ttooom22::Knicks gonna do work, heard it here first
reggiereg919::man that was the funniest thing i heard all day
Can i get an amen::We got a comedian over here
reggiereg919::lmbo
Soonerhopeful1::two years of Clippers have sell outs....!    I think the Clippers have arrived... except for that Bum Griffin...!    ha ha..
Luxor922::It'll probably be OKC vs Miami again, or maybe SA vs Miami
Jmac4539::aren't the Spurs one of the oldest team in the league? why are they so good years after years..
Deaneer32::The Coach Popovich effect
Soonerhopeful1::Any western conference team but the Clippers...right  Lakers fan...?
Deaneer32::Love my Clippers to death but coach Pop and the Spurs scare the living hell out of me.
Can i get an amen::It will be someone vs. Miami
Deaneer32::at the moment it looks like SA vs Miami
Luxor922::Yea, the Spurs have flamed out in the playoffs the last few years..so who knows. They'll def be in the mix though
ShinyGoldFronts::under hit kids
reggiereg919::damn that over was closer then it should have been
riodejeremy::i can see Clipps getting past Thunder but not the spurs. they (Thunder &amp; Clipps) better hope Grizz take out spurs
Keith Closs::everyones gotta admit its different this year if they have been watching both teams all season
Keith Closs::clipps can take the spurs in a series.  dont let that last game  do too much to your choice
rm90025::They can if they focus on feeding Blake Griffin.   Chris Paul cannot win that series as the #1 option.  Tony Parker is just better.
People Gettin Mad The Red Wings Aint Goin Away::or last playoffs either eh
Jmac4539::how far will the GSW goes?
riodejeremy::Across the bay bridge
People Gettin Mad The Red Wings Aint Goin Away::semi
A Drunk Monk::Good showing by the Clips without Bledsoe and Crawford. Looks like their matchup against the Pacers will be without them having West/Hibbert too.   Shame since it'd be fun to watch that matchup, but that's a break for the Clips.
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::cant get a $@%!$@% stop... need two threes now
Soonerhopeful1::You mean to get within the spread.....  You bet on this game...?     Head examination is needed.
Keith Closs::i never understood the good amount of people leaving the game early if their team is at home winning.   u wanna beat traffic?  u tired?  ushers gotta kick me out before i even try to get up outta my chair, but thats just me
Soonerhopeful1::The fans at Bobcats games camp out and never leave... They are proud.
Twankies7::you're
Keith Closs::seriously, loook at those empty chairs.  its not like we are used to winning year after year
People Gettin Mad The Red Wings Aint Goin Away::yea I don't ever move either, even when I'm watchin the game form home I don't turn it off til it hits 0. but yea they try n beat traffic.
Twankies7::Then your stuck in traffic lmao
Soonerhopeful1::Those were the Lakers hecklers fans at Staples.... Lakers fans enjoy being Clippers Trolls.
okc_gambler::To all the suckers that took the Bobcat, do your research next time before you place a bet
riodejeremy::I bet there was a 60/40 split on this game. 40 percent of people chose Cats to cover
ttooom22::i had clips then bought out at half.  i got scared, such a pussssss
ttooom22::i actually threw the few bucks i was up on a cats over halftime parlay
Chadwik93::alot people claimed they did +17
People Gettin Mad The Red Wings Aint Goin Away::no way anyone would ever pick them lmao
okc_gambler::People picked them, they must have been drunk when they placed the bets
SacTownManiac::I doubt anyone even picked them
Chadwik93::yep.. where is mosschillin now?
okc_gambler::Must have committed suicide
Soonerhopeful1::are the Bobcats the worst team in the League....?     Don't look like it to me..   But could be.
okc_gambler::They are
dwade for commish::hey marcus, ur not so crazy......i see a heat vs. clippers finals.  imagine the action.....but heat win.
People Gettin Mad The Red Wings Aint Goin Away::mj will be lacing them up next year
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::dagger 3 through my heart
dwade for commish::need sanctuary.....heat board chock full o nuts
Illuminaticoverup::Welcome to a nice peaceful board with a slow trickle of comments.  It's like a bucolic spring.
