PacificWinter::TNT is unable to figure out that they need to either start the 2nd game 15 minutes to 30 minutes later or start the early game earlier.  #$%$ can't they figure it out!!!
Xiurong::now why is pb rebounding so much, he is the point guard, should be guarding against the fast break, not filling meaningless stats, he should have 11 assist not 11 rebounds, what in the world is he thinking, he is the point guard, the distributer, the controller, he must be imaginative, not to just take up space, and too much hacking, he can defend but he fires up the other team emotion, and they play their best against him, just look at the stats of all who played against him this year, they are out scoring him, he is the one getting shut down, he cant even pass the ball, he needs to facilitate, he is one of the fastest guy in the NBA, He needs to drive to the basket more and draw fouls to take the starters out of the game, make the coaches from the opposing team use their bench players early in the game, just like they do to LIN,
dot::@ n!9er,  The Mortgage Bankers Association’s National Delinquency Survey reported: Using the available data, the CRL estimates that 56 percent “of families who lost homes were non-Hispanic and white, 56% of families who lost their home were white families. With specific reference to the future, this same report says that “Non-Hispanic whites represent the majority of at-risk borrowers.   National Coalition for the Homeless----people experiencing homelessness in rural areas are much more likely to be white; homelessness AS MANY AS 3.5 MILLION PEOPLE EXPERIENCE HOMELESSNESS IN A GIVEN YEAR AND ABOUT 842,000 PEOPLE IN ANY GIVEN WEEK.  23% ARE FAMILIES WITH CHILDREN—THE FASTEST GROWING SEGMENT.  51.3% ARE SINGLE MALES.  24.7% ARE SINGLE FEMALES.  5% ARE MINORS UNACCOMPANIED BY ADULTS.  So whites lead in the category of crime homeless, welfare, foreclosures, drugs and meth use, bring down property value and let’s not forget the 10 poorest cities in America a white cities even Yahoo ran a story on it.
RipeMango::Bev is shooting 39% FG vs Lin 49% Bev is shooting 33% 3PT vs Lin 38%  Bev is shooting 75% FT vs Lin 80%  Bev is averaging 2.3 assist per game while Lin doubles that despite having fewer mins. And isn't assist the hallmark of a good PG?  Bev is averaging 33 minutes per game but making only 9.3 PPG Lin is averaging only 29 minutes per game but scoring 14.7 PPG  Last season, Bev was considered the 'more consistent' 3PT shooter because he was shooting 37% vs Lin's 33%. But almost everything else, Bev was worse, including FG% (44% vs 42%), assists etc...But evidently, that was enough reason to bench Lin and elevate Bev..  Yet this season, despite Lin having better stats in every category (on a short-leash again) after 23 games, people still can't admit that Lin is the better overall PG and leader.and Bev should be coming off the bench.  Only in a twisted, world would Lin come off the bench for a worse player like Bev for a convoluted reason of better fit.. Better fit my a@@. More like these haters can't stand it when an Asian can play basketball and must do everything they can to neuter him to make their world more comfortable.   And for those arguing that Bev is only brought in to fill in deficiency in D, why then does McHale and Sampson keep letting Bev shoot with such awful shooting %, even the final shot of the game? If we were to believe their bolsh1t reason of Lin leading the 2nd team, why then do the coaches never trust Lin with the final shot despite Lin being the much more efficient shooter than Bev and able to get to the rim (and draw fouls) much better than Bev?
Eh::Great offensive half from Howard, hope the rest of the team follow suit in the second half.
D. Darqwon::Solid first half by the Rockets. They appear to be a little off after not playing for several days but still managed to hold their own against a very good Portland team on the road.  The most interesting part is that the Rockets have been able to keep remain competitive while getting next to nothing from Parsons. Lin looks a bit rusty especially on defense. He has to be mindful that Portland is going to continue to attack him and adjust accordingly.  Dwight Howard has been big in the post, collecting a double double in the first half. If Portland insists on continuing to guard him 1 on 1 he is going to have his way all night long. Terrence Jones looked pretty good early but some cheap fouls took him out of the game. Patrick Beverley has been solid as always and surprisingly has 7 rebounds in the first half. He has also done a good job on Liliard (1-5 FG), but it's on halftime and Lillard can heat up quickly.  If the Rockets can get a little more from Parsons, Jones, and the bench they should come out of this with a "W".  Go Rox!!!
Mike::Rockets too much hero ball! This loss is on the coaching or lack there of. MikeLemon
Zach::I really hope Dot, Mike, CK, #$%$ are different people. No one has that much time on their hands, right?
laker fan 1989::I think the Blazers are missing one final piece to be a legit contender. They need a strong defensive big man that will rebound. Someone like a Tyson Chandler.
Rich D::When Howard plays like that the Rockets need a win, Lin needs more than 14 minutes too be effective.  Harden and Beverly 11 for 28 and played 40 minutes, I'm not sure if this was Lins first game back!!!.
