..Brutus2012::WOW! Lebron Gaymes is such a big crybaby. He gets shoved and cries to the Commissioner.
Iloveillini407::sooo, is there any particular reason mike miller doesnt play 20 minutes a game?
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::It is absolutely amazing how selfless and badass this Miami Heat squad is.  I am witnessing some of the best basketball of my life.  Too bad for haters, they won't realize what they are missing until it's too late.
SPORTS-AFTER-LIFE-PLAYERS-TURN-BROKE::Get a new line
larshook::Hey ESPN I would like to thank you for showing this worthless who cares matchup as your nationally televised game. Perhaps you clowns could find an enthralling game of tic tac toe for next Friday.
Iknowaboutsports925::Who would I pick between Kobe and Lebron? Kobe of course, 5 beats 1 every time   -Jordan (2013 ASG week)     Kobe is the greatest of the era   -Wade (2013 ASG)     Kobe is the best I've seen   -Durant (Jan 2013)     Kobe is the best in the last 15 years   -Dirk (2013)    If I had to start a team I'd pick Kobe over Lebron   -Stephen A (2013 interview)     At this point in their career, how can you take Lebron over Kobe?   -Malone (2013 ASG)     Kobe is still the best player in the NBA  -payton (2013)    Kobe is the best I've seen, even better then Durant   -James Harden (2012)     Kobe is the only player that deserves to be compared to me  -Jordan    If I wanted to win a championship I'd want to play with Kobe. If I want to have fun, I pick Lebron   -Bird     I played with Kobe and Lebron. Kobe is better   -Shaq    Kobe is the greatest Laker of all time   -Magic, Jerry West     Lebron is the best player off all time better then Jordan   -12 year old Lebron fanboys
Bronko 44::"LeBron is in a class all by himself."  - Oscar Robertson
World B. Xxpensive::"If you were going to start a franchise with one guy, you'd take Lebron."  Jerry West
ConvicedSince06_JamesGang::I'm sorry but to me Bosh shouldn't be considered part of the big three anymore. He should be demoted, traded, something! He looks like he fits right in with Miami's reserve squad???
Jessev1823::GO HEAT
This_Guy1::It's amazing how some of these guys are  starting for the Bobcats. It's like Jordan plays some street scrubs one-on-one and evaluates talent their. The only 2 guys that should be starting are Kemba Walker and MKG.
garnolfini::Melo.
nhraven5200::mellow
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>Knicks STILL TEN games behind the Heat! How Does Dat Taste? LMAO!</b>
digimon.emperorv2::whats up
akapino7::Let me guess Heat Haters. LeBron and wade still suck while sitting on the bench?
516CHAS::HOW DID YOU GUESS THAT?
dead stuff on fire::who would win in the octagon - shoni schimmel or lebron james?
smokingstogies305::Lebron is a basketball player. In todays game, basketball players are not big slow lumbering giants that can only beat better player by being physical. Today's game is about athletes. The days of the big "tough" guys with little basketball skill are dead and gone. Lebron would get twisted like a pretzel. He's not a "tough" guy. He's a basketball player; and the best one in the world at that.
dead stuff on fire::either you don't know who shoni schimmel is or that was frieken hilarious!  i'll like it either way.
amiller244::Heat's JV Team &gt; Louisville &gt; Bobcats
NYMYAMI::Just checking in here again and see that nothing has changed.  Heat haters are still eating crow. Heat are still winning and now with the bench leading the way.  Brilliant move by Spo to warm the bench up for the players and give the 2 headed monster that is WadeJames a rest before the war that the playoffs will be.
dead stuff on fire::you get pumped like this after a bobcats game?
amiller244::Worse team: Cavs year after LeBron or Magic year after Howard?
MikeRowe1525::not too smart are ya.
dead stuff on fire::what would be considered the bigger upset:  buster douglas beating tyson?  bucks beating the heat in a series?
dead stuff on fire::yes, there have been a few - found those and also knicks-heat in 98
SupaMarlin::And don't forger the 1st time it happened when Denver knocked off Seattle back in the early 90s
nhraven5200::Nuggets beat the Sonics..
amiller244::Also Warriors vs Mavs in 2007.
smokingstogies305::Spurs. Memphis.
smokingstogies305::Buster Douglas. Heat are ballin. They are not on the same level of dominance that Tyson was at the time.
dead stuff on fire::you might be right.  trying to look at some stuff to see if an 8 seed has ever beaten a 1 seed in the playoffs.
smokingstogies305::Lebron will never win a ring. (ok.) The Big 3 will have no help and their bench is gonna suck. (Nope.) Wade is washed up. (wrong again.) Lebron has no 4th quarter.( we know about this one.) The Heat play in the weak East. (they are 25-5 against the West.) Lebron gets all the calls. ( He has more points in the paint but less FTA than Kobe and Durant) The Spurs get fined but the Heat don't. (Protocol.)
dead stuff on fire::just checked stats...heat are also 11th in FTAs - must mean there are ten teams getting "all the calls" more than the heat.
smokingstogies305::To all the F'in $@%!$@% out there, I'll type this slowly: Spurs did not follow proper NBA protocol= FINE. Heat did follow proper NBA protocol= NO FINE.  How is that difficult to comprehend? Why are there still people that ask why one was fined and not the other? You people are either stupid or hard headed. I say you're stupid.
smokingstogies305::You are still ignoring a simple thing called rules. If the Spurs would have followed the rules, they could have rested whomever they wanted for as long as they wanted. It is absolutely the teams choice, but if they are gonna do it, they need to follow simple NBA rules.
dead stuff on fire::this isn't a court of law - and sometimes even in there, the rules are broken.  but come on now...some "rules" are meant to be ignored.  makes sport and life more exciting, no?  push the edge to see how far to can get.
dead stuff on fire::not a heat fan, but regardless of protocol...in any major sport, when a team is so far ahead of the pack and has clinched "this and that", they have traditionally rested players leading up to the playoffs.  injured or not, its no big deal and certainly not unprecedented.
dead stuff on fire::if you're referring to the spurs deal, i don't care - not a fan of them either.  my view is that teams are responsible for the players on their teams.  if the spurs want to rest tim duncan the whole year, that's their choice.  what the heat is doing now...that's there choice - and don't tell me that if the heat and knicks were separated by 2 games - positive or negative - that james/wade would be resting.  just the way it is.  coaches and gms make the decisions of what's best for their teams - might get fined for it like what happened to the spurs - but they have the right to do so.
smokingstogies305::What do you mean "regardless of protocol" ?  That's what the whole issue is about. The fine was not for "resting its stars", it was for not following proper NBA protocol.
Mike91836::Who cares? You must be the stupid one to keep harping on these frauds for sitting down with fake injuries. You cheat fans have already crowned these losers as champions so why bother to even play another game? What a joke the whole Miami organization is.
Mike91836::smokingstogies305 - Mike91836 - smokingstogies305 - You sound like the fan of a losing team. And you my friend, sound like the typical Cheat fan who is sooo biased you can;t see the light thru the tunnel. I wish your team well. What light? W TF are you talking about? Dude, make at least a little sense when you type something.  Your'e the one flapping your gums about how stupid people are. Maybe not everyone on the planet wants to agree with your wisdom. It doesn't make us stupid. And the light thru the tunnel is: Not everyone likes the Cheat and as a typical Cheat fan like yourself, you believe everyone should bend over and expect your words to be the final say. I don't agree, and your opinions are sooo biased, you don't allow other opinions to matter. The sense I'm talking that you will never get is the fact that to you, the Miami Cheat organization can do no wrong no matter what. So if you can't understand what I am talking about, perhaps you are either the hard headed one, or just plain flat out stupid.
smokingstogies305::Mike91836 - smokingstogies305 - You sound like the fan of a losing team. And you my friend, sound like the typical Cheat fan who is sooo biased you can;t see the light thru the tunnel. I wish your team well.  What light? W TF are you talking about? Dude, make at least a little sense when you type something.
Mike91836::smokingstogies305 - You sound like the fan of a losing team.  And you my friend, sound like the typical Cheat fan who is sooo biased you can;t see the light thru the tunnel. I wish your team well.
smokingstogies305::You sound like the fan of a losing team.
flopsisback::Not our fault the cHeat players are pansies, who can't hack a full season...I expect it from Wade, he's always got a hangnail.
micheal3600::you are so $@%!$@% stupid its funny LMAO. Its called smart strategy get LBJ and wade healthy and rested and allow the bench to get warmed up. But of course you are an idiot
huggy1952::With James, Wade and Allen totally healed and rested I think the Heat will be blowing the other teams away.  LBJ was playing over 40 minutes every game.  Plus this playing the bench for wins is tuning them up for the playoffs.  I am just a little worried that James, Wade and Allen and maybe Chalmers will be rusty for the first couple of games.............  Was glad to see Chalmers play today and yes a little rusty 1 for 4 shooting.
dead stuff on fire::you can be rusty - even with you 9th team - against the bucks in the first round.
flopsisback::League isn't done taking the Heat's jock outta their mouth yet, huh? I find it kinda silly the Spurs get fined for pulling this for one game with a valid excuse, while they look the other way for 3 games straight when the cHeat are involved. Screw it...they've done it all along with anything having to do the the Fabulously Gay Duo...why stop now?
smokingstogies305::No. Just dumbfounded by your stupidity.
smokingstogies305::You are a stupid person. Why are you so dumb? Are you ignoring the facts on purpose, or are you not capable of reading comprehension? There's gotta be a good explanation for your stupidness.
flopsisback::You mad, bro?
greensilkdts::Sales rep ray lewis has publicly stated that someone stole his box of deer antler spray  in unrelated news 33 year old mike miller scored 26 points last night. for more on these stories tune in to stu scott on SPORTSCENTER.
1-800-KOBRICK::if walker and henderson played to their normal abilities tonight, there's actually a good chance they would have won. not that it matters now...
SupaMarlin::Okay, nobody's touching my Knicks son...not Bauston, Chikaago, not even the Heat FAAAGETABOUTIT...championship parade down Broadway this June, son!!  -Knicks fan BEFORE being nearly swept by the Heat AGAIN 4-1
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::top players on heat 1.wade 2.bosh 3.chalmers 4.miller 5.battier/allen
SupaMarlin::LeBron would make Lakers a Dynasty while Kobe would make the Heat a perennial 8th seed
Max 089::That would explain why the Heat are 25-5 against the west?
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::heat would still make the finals without lebron, east is a joke
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::lebron is a solid role player, great at stat stuffing- so he might take 6 or 7
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::lol probably
1-800-KOBRICK::i dont think anyone flags you anymore because everyone's used to you.
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::im suprised i wasnt with this one yet, i'm sure next time i check it'll be banned
1-800-KOBRICK::i went through so many i forget.
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::what name do  you use the most? lol
1-800-KOBRICK::i'm so used to your comments by now, it doesn't even make me mad anymore. you probably don't know who i am, that's cuz i get banned once a day.
1-800-KOBRICK::i've never seen mike miller so youthful in my life...  this guy was hobbling around the court during the past year...you'd touch him and he'd grimace in pain...  now he floats like a butterfly and stings like a bee!
huggy1952::This is a Great post KOBRICK I love it.
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::mike miller &gt; lebum
1-800-KOBRICK::just for tonight.
DontMessWithTheHeatUnlessYouWantToGetBurned::Empirical evidence done by all the pundits and experts actually point to the fact that defense during the Jordan era was not as strong as it is today. More to the contrary players actually played less defense. A good point of reference is the 80s celtics Jordan played against they barely played any physical defense at all look and compare those games to the defensive teams of today. It also proves that if teams played real defense like the bad boy Pistons did every season of his career Jordan may have only walked away with 1 or maybe 2 rings.
DontMessWithTheHeatUnlessYouWantToGetBurned::You call me a child wow what a rational and realistic argument you're pathetic nostalgia bias is unbelievable. If you base rationale for goat off stats or rings then its a split between the stat leaders and the player with most rings and both Jordan and Kobe fall short in those qualities.
media afraid to tell the truth about kobe game::wow the kids today...so ignorant
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::Who would I pick between Kobe and Lebron? Kobe of course, 5 beats 1 every time  -Jordan (2013 ASG week)    Kobe is the greatest of the era  -Wade (2013 ASG)    Kobe is the best I've seen  -Durant (Jan 2013)   Kobe is the best in the last 15 years   -Dirk (2013)   If I had to start a team I'd pick Kobe over Lebron  -Stephen A (2013 interview)   At this point in their career, how can you take Lebron over Kobe?  -Malone (2013 ASG)   Kobe is still the best player in the NBA -payton (2013)  Kobe is the best I've seen, even better then Durant  -James Harden (2012)   Kobe is the only player that deserves to be compared to me -Jordan   If I wanted to win a championship I'd want to play with Kobe. If I want to have fun, I pick Lebron  -Bird   I played with Kobe and Lebron. Kobe is better   -Shaq   Kobe is the greatest Laker of all time  -Magic, Jerry West    Lebron is the best player off all time better then Jordan  -12 year old Lebron fanboys
Bronko 44::"LeBron is in a class all by himself."  - Oscar Robertson
SupaMarlin::Your parents must've kicked you out again? Drugs are BAD, people!
SupaMarlin::Bwahahaha, okay a former prostitute now a customer service rep and an ex con turned Wal Mart greeter, yep you certainly have a 35 yr IT project manager and a 30 yr lawyer beaten....like I said, drugs are BAD, people!! Oh, look Kobe bricked another shot defended by 3 players with Justin Bieber wide open
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::my parents &gt; your parents.  FACT
1-800-KOBRICK:::)
fairandbalanced00::lakers won't make the playoffs at all, if by any miracle they do, then, they'll get bounce by okc in 4!!
fairandbalanced00::Perfect! They have Mike Miller back 100% healthy for the playoffs, with Battier and R.Allen in the rotation plus UD and the Birdman with the Big 3 together I see No one beating the Heat in 7 games!!....Dinasty!
Le-Goat::The goat list is between MJ and LeBron. MJ has a lot of endorsements and fans, but from a basketball perspective, LBJ has a bigger impact on the game. Better distributor, rebounder, ect.
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::kobe is better than lebron..trust me...     lebron needs alot of help.....alot....hes mentally fragile....thats why he ditched his hometown and joined 2 allstars....and 4 young athletic players for 1 ring..     he needs help....he stuffs a stat sheet.....because he has so much help....hes hyped because the nba is making him the face for the next era....so they propaganda exploit him and attempt to brainwash fans..     lebron bulldozes to the basket......run into the other player and gets free throws....he keeps his shooting percentage high with alot of freethrows..   also he has 3 good perimeter defenders...so hes able to patrol the paint and get boards...and get easy put backs...again to keep his shooting percentage high.....   he doesn't shoot well from outside....not reliable from the free throw line...and a subpar post game...where he backs down and trucks inside..if you double...he just kicks to a three point shooter   and he drives and kicks ....to 5 three point shooters.....they even have allen now...to help wade close in the 4th......he is a huge fraud..im telling you...he needs so much help and hes smart Public relations.....what he decided is..im going to stuff the stat sheet and look amazing     hes not that impressive......he needs alot of help....to win..
ssernesplayground::Dude is shooting 40% from downtown...  this joker hasn't been following the season at all, his improved jumper demands respect and therefore allows him to drive the hoop or dish it out.
DLWind90::Kobe doesn't have help? Some people shouldn't have the right to watch basketball
Tvawd::I just read this again and anybody who likes this just contributed to the dumbest post in the history of espn. Typical Lakers fans. Wow....Is all i can say.
Tvawd::dude, you are very feeble-minded, and definitely do not know much about the game of basketball. You think that free-throws contribute to your field goal percentage?. Totally wiped out any validation for me. Plus, most of what you said is just smart basketball and getting your teammates involved. And he averaged pretty much the same numbers in his final years in Cleveland with a weak supporting cast. So basically all of your points are misconstrued and have bias written all over them.
sev1024::let him get to 5 rings than go like lebron-&gt; kobe,let lebron even turn 30 and watch how his game gonna drop big time,he relys on dunks &amp; layups,still his jumpshots suck.
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::i know someone name sev i wonder if that's you lol
Dr.Clutch.::TLDR;  Lebron &gt; Kobe. FACT
pistonfanstill::You make a lot of good points but too bad the owner is not his father.  Buss Jr is the typical spoiled rich brat who inherited his position in life.  Get a bunch a players around Kobe, it will not help.  Its over.  Enjoy some fine play and occasional highlights this season.  You are still the greatest franchise of all times even over the Celtics.  Cherish that.
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::g.o.a.t. list 1. K 2. O 3. B 4. E 5. B 6. R 7. Y 8. A 9. N 10.T
Bronko 44::Now that we're  all finished laughing at your stupidity, the docs can take you back to your padded room.  We've asked them to keep the lights low and the noise down to avoid aggravating your schizophrenic delusions.  Sshhh ... it will all be OK ... sshh.....
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::your typical lebron fanboy http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TX7oYvAhhTI
Le-Goat::I'm pretty certain this is the greatest team ever assembled.  So many offensive weapons who have bought into Spo's defense.  Also they have the greatest all-around player in the game
pistonfanstill::The Showtime Lakers of Jabbar, Magic, Worthy, Wilkes, Scott, McAdoo, Woolridge was the greatest team ever assembled.  The debate would be Jordan-Pippen I, Bill Russell's Celtics.  I dont include the championship Knicks teams because of NY politics but they had 5 HOFs with Phil Jackson on the bench.  Get real!
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZA2WVOW2Pc    lebron's beautiful footwork. lol FAIL- you're not kobe, lebum!
david516x::NOPE HE'S WAY BETTER!!! HE'S LEGOD!!!!!!!
Ilovedagames::That was lame bro
LeBronHasNoFullSeasonRing::Charlotte fans must feel cheated. I mean, how often do you get the chance to see one of the Fab Five in action. And Spo didn't even play him. Juwan just rode the bench with LeBron and D-Wade. I would ask for my money back
FREEWAYE::Juwan is one of the biggest bust ever in the NBA..Don't know why Washington traded Webber and kept him..Those idiots
pistonfanstill::A 'bust' does not last this long in the NBA unless he's a 7' project.  Get real.  Howard was a good player, not great.  KG's salary brought inflation to the NBA in much the same way that A Rod's Texas Rangers contract did in the MLB.
WildcatRJMacReady::An KG is no doubt a HOF, one of the best PF of all time.  Good point
FREEWAYE::He shot o.k..But he sign a contract bigger than KG or similar at least..And always got outplayed..
WildcatRJMacReady::tough to call him a bust. from  95'-99' he averaged 19ppg an 8rpg.  but he wasn't all all star for a decade thats for sure or even half a decade
Domowild::Nice avatar bro
split_stream::LBJ:  Those guys were so mean!  Those fouls were flagrant and stuff! [wipes tear]  MJ:  [puffs cigar] What fouls?
Meaw323::jordan complained alot about fouls only thing is he had a loud mouth coach who would speak out for him
WildcatRJMacReady::Jordan took a beating for years, nothing compared to the bulldozing lebron does, and did not complain for second like lebron ever has
WildcatRJMacReady::"Those guys were so mean!"  Lol
marbleclr::The Heat will be ready for the playoffs, love it.  Spo Coach of the Year.
pistonfanstill::Yeah, Mike Brown was a great coach in Cleveland too.
flaco1980::Yeah, Mike brown couldn't win the championship bro.
Christian Keeper::Gerald henderson Kemba Walker josh mcroberts  Combined 9 for 43 from the field!   NOT BAD!! -Kobe Bryant
FREEWAYE::I read a comment written by Heratio stating: Jordan has rings because of Scottie and Phil Jackson..What a idiot.Why didn't they get any in the 2 years Jordan retired?
pistonfanstill::The Bulls were a legendary team with Jordan-Pippen and a great team without Jordan.  They still made it to the Conference Finals without Jordan which means it was a very good team.  Compare Pippen minus Jordan with the Cavaliers without James.
nathan ftwz::Why didn't Jordan get any rings without them?
WildcatRJMacReady::he was much more cerebral than artest, but jordan did mold him into who he became
FREEWAYE::Scottie Pippen was like Artest but more athletic..There's about 15 teams Jordan would have won a title in his prime..
WildcatRJMacReady::Pippen sucked his first two years in the postseason with the Bulls.  look up the stats. he didn't get good till 1990... plus the late 80's pistons were an amazing team
Johnw1104::There's not a soul on planet earth that takes Heratio seriously.
lovesports27::Mike Miller deserves to play more. Maybe they should give him Norris Cole's minutes when everybody is back to playing.
Johnw1104::I was thinking similarly, depending on who they're playing. Miller would be perfect against the Pacers.
coltranesteelkirt::Heat + garbage = garbage
Domowild::You = super garbage ! :-)
winnumber101::Gotta feel sorry for a team that can only muster 8 in a quarter and can't contain Mike Miller.
Johnw1104::Were you watching? I can't think of many teams that would have contained Mike Miller tonight, especially given many of his points were deep 3s.
WildcatRJMacReady::Lebron sure gets a lot of Jordan comparisons for a guy that takes off multiple games a season.  Jordan always played 80 games a season except for 1986
pistonfanstill::James is the best player today which brings the Jordan comparisons just like it did for Kobe even Jerry Stackhouse and Vince Carter.  James is a freakish mix of Magic-Jordan which makes a very unique player.  Love or hate him he's the best today.
Johnw1104::I think LeBron only took one day off last year. He's not a person who generally misses many games.  Spoelstra and Riley would have him sitting regardless, though.
Johnw1104::I suspect it's because should a star be needlessly injured the coach's job is immediately in jeopardy lol  Could you imagine if LeBron was badly injured against the BOBCATS tonight with the top seed? Bye bye Spoelstra lol
WildcatRJMacReady::that's a decent point, and I don't disagree with you there
Johnw1104::It should be noted that the people who usually compare him to Jordan do so with the intent of diminishing what LeBron has done by contrasting it with the GOAT's resume'.  But yeah, I'm sure you've noticed that over the last 15ish years coaches in multiple sports have gotten very cautious when it comes to resting stars for the playoffs... There's a different mindset these days.
WildcatRJMacReady::Just sayin with the nutrition in this day an age an the specimen he is, he should be playin 82 games no problem every year... plus he has so much talent around him, he doesn't have to expend a monumental amount of energy every night.. even if wade misses so many games
Miami305forLife::How the f*** is Anthony #1 in the "NBA Race to the MVP Ladder"????
rafimanzur20001::But all Carmelo is doing is just scoring. Thats the difference between him and Lebron, Lebron can make other people around him better with his passing ability, while Melo can only score because he is a shoot first player, while lebron is a pass first player.
pistonfanstill::Because he is doing it in NYC in Madison Square Garden the marquee venue of the NBA even through all the years the Knicks stunk.  LBJ did not want the pressure but MELO stepped up.  Then again he's a native NYer.  If the Knicks win a championship there may be HOF for all the starters like it was in 75 because the NBA is a NY based corporation.  Thats why.
Johnw1104::You gotta read it... He explains that it's literally already decided but the "KIA Race to the MVP Ladder" is essentially akin to Power Rankings, fluctuating from week to week based on how well a person is performing.  He dropped LeBron to third given he didn't play this week, but he explains that LeBron is the obvious MVP this year:  "When the entire body of work is considered, James has a head-and-shoulders lead on the pack."
palmervia::13 threes made in a game never happen again
Andrew29168::Hey everyone go to the houston board and troll there
too legit to quits::<a><b>I love how everyone is making fun of the Lakers. It will be even sweeter when we hoist the Lombardi trophy this year and watch all the haters eat crow.</b></a>
pistonfanstill::The Lakers problem will prove to be Buss Jr. if thats not already been made clear.
Is That All You Know::/b
Layton7888::rofl....id troll like this also when the chat is dead
Sugar Ray Robinson::Whats the point of franchise's like the Bobcats?
pistonfanstill::The NBA's recognition of North Carolina's college hoops legacy in the same manner as the Hoosier state passion for B-Ball?  A Thank You for being the native state of Jordan? The demographics of Charlotte being a growth city?
