bomborivera1::Only Michael Beasley could manage to jack up 11 shots in 10 minutes.  And miss 9 of em.  We don't miss you Beasley.  At all.
clipctb::Bayless, can really help the Grizzly bench, but Hollis has to trust him!
ESPN.com is my life::sportzgenius48 - Suns are a couple years away from building a top 4 team in the west ~~~ is that when beasley's contract is up?
minny snowta::sports genius must be one of those self professed genius'
minny snowta::LOVE that!
minny snowta::see what happens when Beasley has limited minutes and Wes Johnson doesn't even touch the court.  Wolves should have done that last year.
minny snowta::Suns still stink though and Memphis was cold, that's all!
minny snowta::Sundevils747 - You're not making it into the playoffs, so it's all good. it is all good because I guarantee you we will be in the playoffs and we will beat the suns bad this season.  How's it feel to receive the wolves trash boy boy?!
Sundevils747::You're not making it into the playoffs, so it's all good.
doof54::So... did anyone else see Rudy Gay get water shot at him out of a Gatorade bottle in the final minute? Soaked by the Suns bench.  At first, I thought it was Beasley. But, watching the replay (NBA LeaguePass), Jermaine O'Neal was behind Beasley.  O'Neal sneaks out and intentionally squeezes a water bottle pointed at Rudy while Rudy was still on the floor in front of the Suns bench, then sneaks right back behind Beasley.  Really low-class move by Jermaine O'Neal.
phxstar20::wish i could read lips Beasley was giving Gay a ear full while laying on the floor  big talk he was on the bench wearing a t shirt dude cant buy min on the floor kinda sucks big bust so far. O'Neal is O.G  does what he wants.
godsent224::This is embarrassing. Scoring only 80 points to a team that gives up 102 per game. Its ok to lose to a bad team once in a while if that team has a good game on you, but losing when they have a bad game too is just sad.
oneandonlybabe::Of all night's results, this one surprised me the most. Spurs and Heat lost close games to teams with good records.... but how did the Grizz lose to Suns? And the scoring seems pretty low.
mem196530::"Decent defense?"  Really Mark?  You guys are lethargic of late.  I'm still pissed about the performance you guys put out in the game Saturday night against the Hawks.  I am not a season ticket holder because I can't afford it.  My wife and I decided to have a great night out, so we spent over $120  for two tickets which to some isn't much, but to us right now is a lot. What a waste of money...wish there was a refund clause that states....."If the team is coming off a back to back and is just too tired to give 100% effort, then........" AAAHHH whatever.  You guys are starting to play like the rest of the league figured you would, but certainly not what I expect.    Guess I'll just be content watching on the flat screen. At least I can walk away from the train wreck as it happens.
phxstar20::stay home shut up
gt1master_ike::I hate to call out Gasol but 2 rebounds in 39 minutes is pathetic. If that was Brook Lopez, people would be going crazy. I don't why Gasol's rebounding doesn't get criticized much. 7.4 RPG in 36 MPG for a center is quite pathetic.
RevRolloGoodlove::People harp on Brook Lopez more because his rebounding numbers have always been awful for a 7 foot center with little competition on his team for rebounds.  Gasol's rebounding is down because he's next to Zach Randolph who's averaging 12 a game.  Besides 7.4 isn't that far off of average, it certainly isn't pathetic.
adrudi775::M. Beasley: 11 mins off the bench for the 8-15 Suns, 2 fer 9 from the field. Former #2 pick
eototalt::Wolves got rid of him for a reason.
J Flem::Last game got away from the Suns, glad we put this one away
Okcin2013::Great job Suns!
ChrisCashNYC718::Was this the same team that got dogged by the Mavs at home last week. FML Griz should of put these bums away early. 34pts in 2nd half Suns will never do that again.
sportzgenius48::lets go suns
FORKWDEVIL::Ha Ha.
roy2daboy::I know that we can't win them all, but we've got to break out of this hibernation mode.  Oh well, moving on to the next game.
oaktober is here::basketball = dumb nagger sport
pedrobear1::a Canadian made the sport
oaktober is here::Canadian$$$$$
slapshotcity123::You lost your $$$$$. Poor little guy
oaktober is here::you're still here??? lol move on
pedrobear1::Gave up too many Offensive rebound and have to play nuggets in denver.... have to get that corrected hollins
sportzgenius48::Suns are a couple years away from building a top 4 team in the west
minny snowta::yea right! ho do you figure? because they stink so bad they will get one good pick in the next "couple" of years.  dont get your hopes up.
sportzgenius48::Suns are better then their record suggests
minny snowta::how so? can you elaborate on that?  they have besley and wes johnson and no canadian bacon.
oaktober is here::JUST farted
oaktober is here::internet tough guys have mangina's. lol i feel bad for you
goostate24::Seems like your the one acting tough there hypocrite.
oaktober is here::you must have a small dick. my condolances
slapshotcity123::u mad bruh. go to bed
slapshotcity123::The Suns and Grizzlies ALWAYS have a tight game. You shouldn't bet on teams you know nothing about.
slapshotcity123::Was that an attempt to save face? Haha. You, sir, are a moron.
oaktober is here::what does that have to do with me farting
pedrobear1::especially with Memphis in Arizona
pedrobear1::Conley continues to suck for the past 4 games
slapshotcity123::That was pretty classless throwing gatoraide on Rudy when he was down. I'd expect nothing different of Beasley though. That guy is a punk.
phxstar20::Gay is Gay he just took it like a gay and didnt do nothin straight up punked
ccoppola13::im a suns fan and i hate that we got him... what has our franchise turned into?
doof54::Replay shows it was Jermaine O'Neal.  Hiding behind Beasley, sneaks out, point, shoot with a good hard squeeze, sneaks back behind Beasley.  Really low-class move by Jermaine O'Neal.
foohy23@gmail.com::I'm pretty sure that wasn't Beas. Maybe JO. Beas was trash talking. Nevertheless, I'm disappointed in his lousy production.
Robby1272::whats up with the grizz? 2 straight losses
pedrobear1::haven't been playing well
oaktober is here::dix in thur a.sses
dgoman::Should have been 3. Suns should have won the last one too but let it slip into OT.
1216austin::Giving Rudy the isolation was a good call, but he waited way too long.
doof54::...and Rudy cannot draw a foul.
mem196530::I disagree.  Rudy is not an ALL-STAR.  Too inconsistent. He wasted that opportunity then whined because he didn't get a call.
ccoppola13::whats the dragon  -noob
ccoppola13::f_uck you fa_ggot  answer my f-cking question dumb b.itch
oaktober is here::people who use the word noob  ......f.ags
pedrobear1::16-82 in these road trips and 2 more to go
emthomasjr::Hopefully well add 2 more to the 16.
foohy23@gmail.com::DRAGON!
Benjamayne::memphis played good defense, suns had 37 percent shooting, but those offensive rebounds/ bounces + refs won it for the suns. so im gonna go blow off steam on xbox now, $@%! the world
emthomasjr::Ridiculous number of offensive rebounds.  And we had several turnovers where we just stood around and acted like they were just going to walk it up the court after we gave it to them.
The-INFAMOUS-CRUZZZ:::-D LMFAO @ Grizzlies
oaktober is here::this lost hurts my account. whatever vegas was due tonight
Maniacpkt::you really shouldn't bet with money you will miss
oaktober is here::get a hobby.
H.J.I.C.::Good game Suns. What is up with Mike? And will Rudy ever shoot over 50% in a game? And can we get defensive rebounds and get our rotations right? And finally, why does Memphis play to the level of their competition?
pedrobear1::not sure why we didn't use the foul we had to give on dragic when he blew by conley
mem196530::That would requiire Hollins to be an consistently intelligent coach, which he is proving otherwise.
Benjamayne::congrats refs and vegas
foohy23@gmail.com::Quit crying. You played a good game. PHX played better.
Maniacpkt::good game Phoenix, go your signature win of the season
seanjohnw::Zach Randolph needed to go smoke some pot badly he didn't care if they won tonight
oaktober is here::d.icks in a.sses
Benjamayne::as soon as rudy gay stars in a movie he'll get 15 fts a game like durant
seanjohnw::Would you be surprised if a team like Memphis ranked this game ? With a scumbag leader in Randolph anything is possible
jamal -crawfor-666::as a clipper  fan  i'm  happy  4  the  suns  good  job
Orange6O2::I'm happy that Goran hit the shot, but upset that the Suns won. What the $@%! is wrong with me?
arizonasting13::haha we are in the same boat, I love Goran and if it was anyone else that hit that I'd be furious. So I guess Im not too mad he did it.
oaktober is here::2013 draft sucks anyways
oaktober is here::i cant see any of those being all stars in the nba
oaktober is here::cody zeller....?? lol please
arizonasting13::noel, shabazz, gobert, poythress, len, and yes cody zeller
arizonasting13::not for the first 5 teams, after that its garbage though... about 5-6 deep
ThunderStruck0008::Its been a great night so far! Heat and Grizz go down, and the Thunder win!! Now only if the Spurs can lose it'll be an awesome night of basketball! Thunder up!
pedrobear1::horrible movie
arizonasting13::Scoring 80 points against us is REALLY embarrassing btw.
Mr Viz::HAHAHAHA GRIZZ!!! I THOUGHT YOU WERE GOOD?!
pedrobear1::pedrobear1 Well the Suns have lost 7 straight and the coach got the dreaded vote of confidence. It means they won't cover the spread because something magical will happen may even win outright 2 Hours Ago ·
pedrobear1::called it 2 hours ago
yabooboobearskate::Memphis deserved that lose
seanjohnw::Bahahaha 80 points Grizz nice effort did you play back to back to back oh wait no you just suck
dispatcher44::phoenix gets 2  $@%!$@% points in the last 4 minutes and wins  lol another vegas win  !$@%!$ scumbags
arizonasting13::God dammit Goran I swear if that costs us a spot in the draft order then I will be pissed.
