garnolfini::The NBA has to be disturbed by the alarming number of empty seats in arenas around the league. I noticed this @ Milwaukee last night. It may be time to talk about contraction.
KazHashi13::Roughly half the teams in the NHL are reportedly losing money and they aren't even planning on contracting teams yet.  I don't think the NBA will be contracting teams any time soon.
garnolfini::Knickerbockers chocked up a nice win but the spotlight was stolen by the expansion Nets, who are all over the tabloids.
swiftandabundant::Nice road win for the Knicks.  Pablo had a good game.  Hope he can build on that.  Good to see Chandler having another really good game too.  Knicks are doin' work!  http://tinyurl.com/GoingtotheKnicksGame
PSU.Lines::If you want betting advice follow me on twitter... @cashforpicks
Mr. Bradford::Before the game, I said the Bucks needed to guard the 3 better and keep NY off the line. Well, the Knicks scored 6 more 3's (18 points), and took 4 more free throws (4 points). Could have used those 22 points...  Udrih, Jennings and Ellis all played good, and the Bucks hung in there in terms of rebounding, assists and free throw percentage. As far as defense goes, you can't have all your starters be a negative (-) and expect to come close.   Good game, Knicks.
Richard Knickson::I like this MIL team. They need help beyond Ellis and Jennings. If they had a star player like Melo...a little more depth...they would be a serious threat.
duro.::good job, good effort Bucks :)
Mr. Bradford::You're the one that said to pick the Raps over the Grizz.... You fail.
FREE_TEBOW::Tebow?????
damedllama::things i think of on the toilet
damedllama::quick question..somebody has to tell me whether its really kidds back and not the cimpletely gauged gapping whole in his heads requiring a $@%!$@% huge bandaid on the baldness???
Jkhuang12::Yeah it's good 2 c Knicks get bck to winning circle, but honestly, I still dnt c them being a threat cme playoff.  14 Games played this season, my thoughts were, they still needs to play more defence, force Melo to pass the ball more often before taken his shot and cut down their 3-point attempts.  Dnt no if any of u guys have realized, but the Knicks are the team with most 3-point attempts this season.  My memory tell me, no team in the history of NBA have ever won the title with 3-point shots.  Yes.... they rotate alot of players from their bench, but still think Melo takes too many shots, especially 3 points, out of the 4 losts so far, were because of Melo took many shots, gave up too many scoring opportunities for his teammates.  I said it before, the Knicks does not need Melo in this roster, this Knicks team are already compeitive enough to be a legit threat without Melo, which I will back up my statement over and over again.  Yes, the Knicks are better than the Nets right now, but as the season moves on the Nets will be the better team in NYC, because they play better team defence and offence than the Knicks.   1 Man (Carmelo Anthony) &lt; than 1 Team.  The Knicks are winning now, but other teams are starting to figure out Knicks offence, when this happen, they will struggle big time.  Carmelo is not LeBron, Nowitski, Durant or Kobe.  He's no a finisher, he's not a leader as well, with his Hero-Ball style, they will most definitely struggle.  They are have a great roster combining of experience and talent, however I don't think Woodson is the right guy leading this group, he is relied too much on Melo to make the big play and winning shot, when will he realize that Melo is not the answer.  You guys will see the Knicks will be a threat in the East when Melo is not the leading scorer!!
BigLu121::how could anyone like this post. All in one post u called Melo a non-finisher. U called the Knicks talentless after Melo and said Mike Woodson isnt the right coach for this team even though he has almost 30 wins with about 8 losses on this team so far. Cancel your account
PiffYankee::Go to sleep
kmoe332::wow
IllinisStudent6847::Are you serious??
hillybilly400::Wouldn't it be interesting if you get Rondo, Metta World Peace, and Rasheed Wallace all on one team........     Wonder what will happen?? Would it be all out chaos??
getwithitson::even the fans will not feel safe. hazard warnings should be put on every corner of the arena.
hillybilly400::LOL
carsmelo_anfernee::Add Charles Oakley
getwithitson::Great wins for the regular season. We know where the Knicks stand on postseason though. Amare returns and you have pre-linsanity Knicks.
Phatepiclewts::Novak should have dunked after that steal :(
getwithitson::novak cant even dunk on a midget.
Bmarleys420::Using this bet system called Sportsbettingstar for picks. I've made around $3,000 a month profit using this system. If you search for sports betting system on google you will find the system on the first page. If you bet this system is amazing
carsmelo_anfernee::Knick fans:    30% Unemployed  25% High school dropouts  45% Fast food workers
Phatepiclewts::I'm a law school student lol
carsmelo_anfernee::Out of the pan, into the fire.  You will be unemployed soon.
kmoe332::this was just as stupid an hour ago, tool
carsmelo_anfernee::Ah, you're the unemployed one.  Why don't you go apply at McDonald's?
zepfya::So most of the people who live in NYC, one of the most expensive areas in the world are bums right, you're a genius clearly.
carsmelo_anfernee::You must be one of the high-school dropouts, then.
OldskoolKnicksfan::Anyone see joe johnson make paul pierce fall lol
garnolfini::Did Pierce break his cane?
RollisWagon::Guess not much Knicks-Bucks trash talking these days...only 952 comments
carsmelo_anfernee::Knick fans:  25% crack heads 25% meth heads 25% male prostitutes 25% McDonald's employees
Thomasg2488::I guess you're in the 50 percent of re.tarded kids this generation
johndomenow::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GN06N6Qw3B0  What do you guys think? Is RONDO over reacting?
Crooklynism::Glad to see Pablo get good minutes out there, he's a real difference maker once he gets going
Victor6229::What does woodson have against Camby??? Camby is a legit starting center in this league and he doesnt even play a minute???
kmoe332::If you watched the Nets game you would know the Answer to your question. Camby looks awful right now. He is in NY to rebound and play D and hasnt done either yet. I hope he can get into playing shape soon and contribute
Jeff41456572::he was out of shape during TC apparently, he is being given more time to get ready
KellenMooreShow::nice to see big novak get a little hot
TheMassiveDolphinWake::Nice too see the knicks get back to their winning ways...solid defense and good shooting
thecusefan94::Hopefully the Knicks win the next three vs DC, Phx, and Cha before they face a stretch of @Mia, @Chi, Den, @Brk, and LAL.
itasta7::That first game was scheduled at Brooklyn too...
03MELOcuse15::@brk again?
wiqdgato::Are you $@%!$@%! Glen Rhee, they rescheduled the 1st game of the season because of Hurricane Sandy. Get your head out of the dirt.
Glen Rhee::they play brooklyn again after 8 days that game, smh at nba schedule makers
Milwaukee Bucks..::gg knicks
Till777::Nice win for the Knicks! Let's Go Orange! I can't wait to watch both the Knicks and Cuse friday!
03MELOcuse15::ohhh yeah
winterhunt::we're really missing Jeremy Lin these days.... Lol
JrueRandallHoliday::Why... Felton is twice the man Lin is.  See what I did there...
KG7706::we missed Jason Kidd agaist the Nets
BadgersPackersBrewersBucksWarhawks::laaaaaammmeee
cuddychd201326::i swear this team just needs to find ways to open up dunleavy for more threes.  he should be avg more like 4-7/8/9 for the night not 1-2...come on skiles!
ImStreaking11::knicks are legit... time to pound the wizards
SjGMEN77::The 3rd string Knicks players can beat the Wizards starters.
Jkhuang12::really........ the Wizards the team with the worst rec in the league, hw funny it ill b if the Knicks is the team who gave Wizards their 1st win, if tht happen I ill LMFAO
Empire State Sports::Good bounce back win for the Knicks. On to the Wizards on Friday.
knicks_11::damn man. i love me some Melo. he is defenitvely playing at a high level rite now.
carsmelo_anfernee::You're gay
Eli Mannings Clutch Gene::test
Murray State Overrated::The Jets suck, the Mets suck, the Isles moved, and St. John's is becoming a mid major.  Thank god for the Knicks.
Murray State Overrated::False...Cuse is closer to Canada than NYC. SJ is in NYC.
Murray State Overrated::You also have more than double our enrollment and alumni.
03MELOcuse15::sorry lets not rain on the knicks parade I was just joking when I said that
03MELOcuse15::and I live in Syracuse and have been a knicks and yanks fan all my life should I root for Toronto because we are closer to Canada
03MELOcuse15::yeah but we have more fans at st johns games than they do and there is a large contingent of su grads living in nyc, not to mention Yankees have a Syracuse day every year
Eli Mannings Clutch Gene::its still in ny but most people i know root for cuse heck I live in Queens and root for them i just do
Murray State Overrated::Cuse is not an NYC team
Eli Mannings Clutch Gene::cuse is a ny team
03MELOcuse15::more of an nyc team than st johns
03MELOcuse15::just root for Syracuse basketball
Homerdoh28::zzzzzzzz - The pro team in NY was up battling the Celtics in the block while your team shot 3's and beat the Bucks!   Knicks fans are really cringing cause they see at team like the '90s Knicks tough and deep in Brooklyn and have a college team chucking up 3's playing at the garden.
itasta7::Your tough team beat our college team at home in OT and could have lost in the final 22 seconds of regulation and that's before Amar and with no healthy Kidd. So what does that say about the Nets?
Homerdoh28::bronx - I am embarrassed that we share a common baseball team.  Please learn basketball and reply later.
bronxbomber62::Your mother is embarrassed of you
Homerdoh28::checkout Sportscenter tonight and see Brooklyn's toughness..  I will wait til the end of the show to see highlights of the Bucks v Knicks defensive battle.
VazDef32::its because they played the celtics and their was a fight. you wanna be the media darling like the Jets? cool go have that
NunE-Z23::Kris Humpries is the next Patrick Ewing huh?
bronxbomber62::Nets will be a lottery team by season end
03MELOcuse15::youre right when I think of brook lopez I think toughness
VazDef32::lmao OWNED
knickstape82::Amare a starter plain and simple
BOSullivan1234::why mess with what's working?
BOSullivan1234::Any newz on the Gasol/Stat trade?
gerald_5::in other news... kobe had another trip dub yesterday
gerald_5::so the knicks are winning thanks to 50 % from downtown... nothing to do with them being the 9th team in pts allowed, or that they're number 1 in TO/gm or the fact that they force 16 TO/gm  GTFOH  haters
csebelle::Amare better listen to Sheed...this team does not need another alpha melo
03MELOcuse15::we need someone else who wants to score the ball but in a team philosophy rather have amare shooting than jr
Eli Mannings Clutch Gene::Amare will accept 6th man role
03MELOcuse15::he better its where he belongs him and prigioni pick and roll all day
Eli Mannings Clutch Gene::http://espn.go.com/newyork/conversations/_/id/8688804/amare-stoudemire-new-york-knicks-accept-sixth-man-role-sources-say
knicks_11::we basically are killing teams that said wud kill us this season before season even started. according to espn anaylsyst and haters.   Philly indiana bucks
VazDef32::knicks grizz
IZimbra4::wizards raptors
Eli Mannings Clutch Gene::heat spurs
csebelle::10-4 = 60-16 (approx) we will take it...can we get past the 1st round of the playoffs?   Amare better listen to Sheed
ambelgra::they are not winning 60 games.....smh.....50 is reasonable goal for them tho
csebelle::Defense too...but not sure how long it will keep up...Houston put the oil burners on us
mcook813::You think the Knicks are going to keep shooting above 50% from 3? LMAO. That's the only reason they've been winning.
sidewayz7_85gsl::and defense has a big part of the winning too, they could easitly win 55 games
mcook813::You did this game. And against Miami. And like four of your other wins thus far.
03MELOcuse15::aaahh we were never shooting above 50% from 3
ktan88::You mean jack threes? ...lol just kidding
ktan88::Do the Knicks play every Friday night?
Eli Mannings Clutch Gene::thats what the song says
mcook813::Best team in NY is the Nets.
03MELOcuse15::no no if you think youre better than us by winning an ot game in your place with 3 of our players out youre delusional
Clarence2126::the does are just pretenders in first place by mistake, they will fall apart like every year
Yaviah407::thanks God... for the prediction
IZimbra4::i think larry sanders does more bad than good for the bucks, at least be a neutral player that cancels out his own mistakes
EvolutionaryMokeski::He's (barely) controlled chaos.
sidewayz7_85gsl::i would disagree, he is uncontrolles chaos , which is just choas. pretty much he is pathetic and shouldn't play anymoe
03MELOcuse15::he did that weird dribble across the lane like 3 times and turned it over wtf was that
IZimbra4::haha i don't know he shouldn't have kept trying that
BXwarriorBX::10-4
EvolutionaryMokeski::What a weird box score. Bucks front court scored 16 points... that's amazing.
gerald_5::knicks should win these next three games with ease for the showdown against miami in south beach
csebelle::my wife is a heat fan...i hope the Knicks come in and kick their arses...wife will not be happy...but what is new
