Sportsnerd89::the nets idk. its like one guy does a dribble drive, stops abruptly, all the defenders are still matched up...guy passes to teammate who is immediately swarmed by his defender. I love the team work but when you drive into the paint, take it to the house and stop always lookin to dish to players who are struggling with the jump shot.
Road dog Red::I excoriated Andrew Bynum for being a dirty player when he speared Wallace and broke 2 of his ribs... now i wish he'd do it again.. Wallace has become a prime time agitator and clown
ryyyang::Nets should have tried harder to land Howard.  Deron Williams is not a franchise PG and Joe Johnson is not even that good.
impalass543::i been sayn dwill aint $@%! be4 he got der
shaboogiebk::I tried to tell people The Brooklyn Nets are over hyped! I mean they're still the NETS at the end of the day. Outside of Deron and over-priced Joe Johnson, thats a junior varsity team roster. Gerald Wallace is a system player that is NOT worth $40 Mil and Brook "Im really a 7foot Small Forward" Lopez at $60 mil??? Highpriced losers sorry to say.. The Nets have become the old knicks with mismatched talent and bloated unmoveable contracts.
Sportsnerd89::ya brooks need to get dirty. he's scared to break a nail
Excelscior1::Is Deron Williams trying to start another Coup or insurrection?   He already complained/admitted to the media "I'm a system point guard", as opposed to one who can score and pass in any system. He claims he needs "motion", whereas Brooklyn is mostly Iso. Hmmm. I guess he's missing Sloane's PG friendly system as many have speculated?  My guess: It's because Deron has slow foot speed, and he's not a really good ball handler, except when he gets his own shot off--via the cross over. And of course, Joe Johnson's a ball hog as well. The team in Brooklyn was so intent on putting in a decent product (for the locals), that they forgot to look at how the pieces fit. Both ISO Joe and Deron need the ball (whereas Deron needs added motion as well).   Just look at Atlanta now. They're playing better (so far), with out ISO JOE.
Excelscior1::Well, everyone will be watching the game Thursday night. There are only two games broadcast the entire night.
Bammonb99::Can someone tell me, WHERE BROOKLYN AT?!
Kev_010::don't think d will is the answer at point guard. Trade him or fire the coach.
mknoegel::In my opinion, Rondo is only second to Lebron as the most valuable player.
ryyyang::Start a franchise selections (right now): 1. Lebron 2. Durant 3. Rondo 4. Howard 5. Rose
illinoisfan1987::Hands down Lebron, this coming from a huge Bulls fan.  Second, Durant.  Third Rose.  Switch Rondo out of there hes not even close to "elite".  Until he can generate his own offense and shoot better than 60 percent from FT, no way.  Howard is well on his way from destroying a second team in his short career.
Excelscior1::@Bongoman  I would not pick Kevin Love before Rajon Rondo for anything. And if you go by playoffs and big games (just check the record the past 4 yrs), I'm not sure you take anyone before him, except Lebron. Rondo can lift his game higher than almost anyone in the league.   Saying all that: Rondo's NOT MVP, up until this point this year.
Bongoman55::Let me school you! Better than Rondo.....(Apart from Lebron) Kevin Durant, Chris Paul, Kevin Love and Carmelo Anthony. If you were starting a franchise, I am sure you would not pick that hot head to build around after  Boston tried desperately to unlod him so many times.
mckayg11::Pants pulling? Not in America!
Swag Police Miley Cyrus Itty Bitty Workout Outfits::Good win Celtics fan yall still suck doe
kane FTW::Espn analysts jumping to the new york teams bandwagon.... when everyone knows Boston vs miami will go at it again at the east conf. finals.
TheRanceporter::Wallace is a joke.  He was trying to instigate something the entire game, but the Celtics weren't going for it.
Sportsfan61679::Watch out Avery Johnson; Deron Williams is not happy.  He will get you fired like he did Jerry Sloan
a617guy::Rondo &gt; CP3rd
impalass543::rondo got skool dat lil hoe tomorrw
Bongoman55::Take your Meds.
ChrisSinatra::Lets go celtics!  Rondo&gt; Williams    Next up cp lets go c's!
a617guy::Rondo takes it personally when he isn't in the discussion for top PG in the NBA. We will see Thursday who the better PG is between Rondo and CP3.
Paul1576::Lets string 3 in  a row on the road against quality teams and makes us believe!Pick it up C,s!!!
Unbiased1969::Maybe it is the name change...maybe it is the new uniforms....but the Nets seem a lot less intimidating and a lot more wimpy this year.
Jimmy30313::Because they were so good last year...
abercrombieco2::Or they should act like professionals not like little kids crying and trying to start fights because they lost
Mizzle85::These teams sharing 14-13 records at this point in the year is somewhat surprising. I expected each to be better. If there is one team I trust to recover from a slump though and perform in the playoffs, it's Boston. New Jersey? Not so much. It'll be interesting to see if Williams can justify his contract.
A MAN GROWS A BEARD::BOSTON BEATDOWN !!!!!!!!
PassionOfTheTebow::Said it before and I'll say it again..... d. Williams sukkkkkkssssss
iamjayee::Good Morning... DWILL... OVERRATED!!!
everyones-sleepin-on-the-clippers::thursday night clippers&gt;celdiks after that celdiks  fan's  purchase  another  pair  of  cp3's
Jimmy30313::no ones sleeping on the Clippers. and btw Rondo&gt;CP3
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Go CELTICS.
49ers9::"wtf buy me a new team jay" -beyonce
run_this_town::TOO MANY BORING GAMES TODAY    ONLY 2 WERE GOOD TO WATCH
A MAN GROWS A BEARD::hata
BABY IGGY..FELTONs PERSONAL ASSISTANT::.
tomBabauts::Avery must go. Van Gundy's, Nate and Phil Jax are available.
AGermanTaco::Phil, i doubt it, Nate, maybe, Van Gundy, maybe
BronyFan::What happened to all that hype about the New York teams?
highly debatable with extra sauce::way to be above 500!!!!
American League Championship Series 2004::Collins ACTUALLY took shots...
SPORTSGURU2001::So the Nets spending all that money isnt looking so good right about now...
Huskies_BaII::Erin Go Braugh !!
Steed20::Honestly, it didn't look like KG did too much oh the little scuffle
Fear the Gr0nk::What did everyone learn today?   Rondo &gt; DWill. End of story.
dash2k4::KG is the biggest pretend-punk there is, but I agree that Gerald Wallace made it a lot worse than it should have been. Wallace deserved the revenge-hack by Sullinger.
amathiowitz::Go watch his rigorous offseason routine - waking up at 5 a.m. every morning for a six-mile jog - his work ethic and passion on the court, and listen to nearly every NBA coach's opinion about him and you'll find that there's nothing fake about Kevin Garnett. Since coming into the league from high school he's been one of the hardest, most respected players in the league, and every manager wants him as a captain on their team. He's the epitome of old school. He doesn't care about his stats. There is no 'I' in Garnett. All these drama queens - Carmelo, Wade, LeBron, Westbrook, Durant - they're all children playing on Twitter and crying over what Skip Bayless said about them on First Take. They don't have a spec of dignity, guts, discipline or understanding of life compared to a player like Kevin Garnett. You better watch your language before talking about the real KING, #5.
MMoney0021::Yo Soy Fiesta
NBA1964::D Williams, 10 Pts, 6 AS, 4 TO for a max player.  Overrated.
dash2k4::People used to say he's as good as CP. Those people have since shut up.
marquies27::Well atleast G. Wallace got off tonight for the Nets if no one else did...lol...both of these teams are truly a work in progress
Jimmy30313::True. There is more upside for the C's though. I don't see the Nets getting much better
Brandon Bass Elbow Jumper::Did anyone see the NETS fans leaving at the beginning of the THIRD QUARTER??/  Some "diehard" fans you've got there.
Jimmy30313::There was also a "Lets go Celtics" chant
Brandon Bass Elbow Jumper::Have you ever wondered why Kobe wears 24?  It's because that reminds him how many seconds he can hold the ball before he can shoot.
drysalami::not me i forget about him until i happen watch him play, complain about every foul he commits (constant) then give the kobe death stare to his teammates when he does not get the ball 7 of 8 times.  then i change the channel and forget about him again.   MJ i remember.
ShiloInn1985::It's also to signify how he's in your head 24 hours a day.
Brandon Bass Elbow Jumper::^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Brandon Bass Elbow Jumper::why cant i like
Ontario925::Come on Nets. 9-7 home record losing at home to the Celtics who has a 5-8 away record
Jimmy30313::Bill?
boston8443::i had a wonderful christmas today
Lakers 33game winning streak Decisions::The C's are so bad
Jimmy30313::14-13 &gt; 13-13  17&gt;16  9-3 all time head to head in finals
04Nico22::CELTICS THE BEST. LAKERS HAS 15
Jimmy30313::They actually have 16. 11 If you wanna get technical
04Nico22::17 CHAMPIONSHIPS IDIOT
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::This would be a sick lineup: PG Rondo SG Bradley SF Pierce PF Garnett C   Varejao
a617guy::who you givin up for Varejao
jsine55::Bynum
Jimmy30313::Who'd the lakers give up for Howard and Nash?
KenPhelps88::Would the real Jeff Green please stand? 'Cuz the guy who showed up today most likely won't show up again for another 30 games or so.
impalass543::super soft
KenPhelps88::i love the C's, but when we traded Perk for this guy, it was so we could get this kind of production every night. I will shut up, if he plays like this for the next 10 games, but my gut tells me that he just doesn't have it in him.
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::hes too soft i guess
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::wat are u talkin about
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::I think picking up Anderson Varejao from the Cavs woul dhlp solve our rebounding problem
