Cali Native::Jared Sullinger is awful.  Fire him.
Justin A Barnes::Cs are doing a wonderful job of tanking and not making it obvious.  A month from now they will own the worst record in the NBA (assuming the return of Rondo does not screw it up) when in reality they could very well have been a playoff team this year.  Kudos!
Chelo Mejias::why is the game stopped??? eric gordon has been shooting free throws for 13 minutes
Cali Native::bookies calling the refs for the win!
Cali Native::I never thought a guy by the name of Chelo Mejias would live in New Hampshire.  Good job, bro.
Ron Midgette::Celtic fans, If given the choice, would you rather have Parker or Wiggins?
Cali Native::this game is sooo rigged.
Chelo Mejias::thinking the celtics will stink that bad shows you never watch the NBA. Run along now little guy
Ron Midgette::Chelo Mejias..... you're delusional. Look at their record. They do stink that bad!
Bryan J. Zerbee::Seriously? The best shot you can get out of a TO is a three by 3 -17 Jared Sullinger????
Mark Antwan::NO Wins Davis double doubles Evans scores 15
Shoot Jung::Pelicans will win!
Greg Maxwell::They never seek up matchups.  They had Green take a lob from Sully in the late 3rd quarter and you never saw it again.  Early in the 4th Humphries got a step on Stiemsma and drew a foul.  You never saw it again.  They take too many 3s and worse, they take them at the wrong time.   That last 3 point attempt was pathetic.  Bradley can shoot 3s.  Green can shoot  3s.  Lee can shoot 3s.  And Sully gets the ball? Really?   You have to practice last minute situations so you don't have to draw up a play in the huddle.  Red was always scornful of coaches that did that.  With good reason, evidently.  Fear not, Cs fans.   If Jordan Crawford and Phil Pressey are your PGs, you are tanking.  Pressey should get an honorary membership in  the masons union.  And Crawford's decision making in crunch time is questionable at best.
Bill Cole::They aren't tanking.  The 4th quarter is where you separate young, under-talented teams from playoff teams in the NBA today.  This year's Celtics often lead or compete going into the 4th quarter and then lose down the stretch when defense gets tight and whistles are few.  Anyone who saw Wallace - a veteran player who has been an All-Star, has earned many millions, and who has had 4 concussions and a collapsed lung in his career - run into Anderson accidentally while executing a full court press, would understand that the players and coach are not tanking.....GM and ownership?  That case can be made, but not the players and coach.  These haters who claim the payers are deliberately missing shots are fools.
Kelley Crooks::The Celtics, who missed 22 of 26 shots from the field in the final quarter, lost for the sixth time in seven games.  Tough to tank that bad, they could bring in Havlicek, Russell at their current ages and add 3 guys selling soda in the area and probably do better than 4 for 26.  Shameful.
Capital D Musiq::waaat how did avery bradley not get the superstar call???  can someone explain to me... why he's driving to the paint and putting it on the referees head to bail Boston out???? god this team is soo frustrating,
Jason Frederick Danahy::Appreciate all the losses.  It brings you closer to mediocrity and potentially brushes the surface of playoff ready.  We suck and it was expected.
Liam Sibson::Sullinger, Lee, and Crawford=6-39  Doesn't help at all...
Liam Sibson::Good god the Celtics might just be the worst 3-point shooting team in the league.
Jdzspace Espn::so, if Davis misses a shot....is it just automatically a foul?
John Pourciau::As much a one as if Sullinger misses one. The refs had a tight whistle all game.
Greg Maxwell::The Cs are two players away. Russell and Bird.
Paul Fratto::Russell alone will do!!!  He could make any team far better!!
Dave Gillespie::Another nice game by Sullinger. He is a bust.
Tony Hartmann::Nice win NO. The Pelicans have a good young team.
Naib Lis::Who gonna win tonight, anyone knows?
JCorey Wilde::How many licks does it take to get to the net..
Laurence Hoang Nguyen::Is this pro sport? Or child plays?
JCorey Wilde::Oh boy here we go again..
Saulo Silveira::That was clearly a foull on Bradley!!!
