Brandon Duenas::Battle of the best backcourts in the league... Curry-Thompson and Bledsoe-Dragic. Should be fun.
Barry N McCockiner::I don't think curry can stop either Dragic or Bledsoe. On the other hand can anyone stop him?
Tucker Hair::Everyone talks about the warriors back court duo, but I think we have a better one here in phoenix...
Chad Wiggins::last shot was a three
Ghivon T. Rabb::didnt matter anyway suns nation
Khetsun Tenzin::i'm a dubs fan and it is getting unbearable to watch. They have no plays offensively other than isos, and zero defense. I don't think that is the right recipe for wins but they keep f***in doing it. You only can say WTF
Brandon Bove::You GS "fans" who bash your team need to give it a rest. They are missing one of their best players and are still playing pretty decent ball. They'll come back around when he comes back.  GO SUNS and the SLASH BROS!
Jim Diveley::Solid win last night fellas.  I like the youth we have & I think were a 6-8 seed.  I also see us trading for a big name come the trade deadline, ala Kevin Love.
Brandon Duenas::Check out this article I wrote up on the Suns being potential playoff contenders. Feedback would be appreciated.. even from Warriors fans. :) http://isportsweb.com/2013/12/14/phoenix-suns-legitimate-playoff-contenders/
James A Jones::Warriors play no D and turn the ball over way to much!! Sad but i dont think we ever make the playoffs!!
Al-Jaleel Sawab::The Suns are a much better team than the Warriors this season
Brandon Bove::I'm a Suns fan and I wouldn't say they are much better…Iggy is out. They will come back around when he comes back.
Shek Leone::so dragic is not playing anymore??
Ghivon T. Rabb::it is like you cant read the box score...
Tim Abeyta::This would be a great win for the Suns! Let's go boys!
Adam Isbell::Splash Bros vs Slash Bros! Go Suns!
Brandon Duenas::http://isportsweb.com/2013/12/15/phoenix-suns-win-5th-straight-game/
Chad Wiggins::if mark jackson doesn't get that little creep out of there im litterally gonna lose my mind,,,, klay the creep thompson is a piece of garbage... if i was jackson, i would say if anybody besides steph curry shoots a jumper thats not in the flow of the offense, ur done... thompson is garbage, that last pass looked like the pass of a mentally challanged person, or a point shaver..... get that trash off the ffffffffn floor jackson, its been this way for four games
Craig Keller::Klay thompson is better guard than Curry! If you keep the ball in curry's hands he has more assists but always leads in turnovers, he is enamored with himself and his slick passes and doesn't even try on defense!
Mark Bracamonte::No.. Klay is not better than steph. and no klay is not garbage chad. You lil bandwagon busters need to go somewhere else. Warriors faithful dont hate on their own team like that.  Both of those kids are good and Steph is a top 5 point guard in the league.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::The Warriors miss Jack and Landry a lot. They get nothing from their bench each night and they can not defend the perimeter at all. I kind of feel bad for Bogut having to clean up so much of the mess on defense. WTF is Lee doing out there ? The next time he guards his man instead of getting into premature rebounding position will be the first. Truely a horrendous defender.
Chad Wiggins::what u do green...... take that ghetto thug tuff guy walk and mean mugging to rucker.... sad thing is, u didnt do ish, u got fouled and blocked.... why are  u mean mugging.... i would understand if u john starks that baby... but u did not....
Jorge L. Celis::Man whats up with GS ... they're supposed to be a top nba squad in the West, but they're barely clawing to get to the 8th spot behind Dallas.
Junior May::Suns destine to be a mediocre playoff team that exits in the 1st or 2nd rd forever.  Destine not to be a lottery team nor a championship team ever.
Ryan Ciantar::They have a plethora of draft picks and will likely have the cap room make a move at a max player or two.  It's their new GM's first year on the job, give it time.
Scott Boyle::Not sure what destine means, since you used it twice. If you mean destined, then sure, they aren't winning the West this year. But Suns fans rightfully love this team's grit. Those four possible first rounders will make a huge difference and I don't think the top 5 is that much better than the guys who will be there at 10-15. Deep draft.
Matt Callan::Scott Boyle that was a dumb comment to make. you don't think Jabari Parker, Andrew Wiggins, Marcus Smart, Julius Randle and Dante Exum (Australia) are the cream of the crop from this draft? You obviously don't watch much college basketball because those guys are going to be much better than the people at 10-15.
Chad Wiggins::turn away for litterally one sec and i should have known the weak minded hobag anything but warriors would have gone from 2 down to 10...   the warriors are SH**
Eddie Cruz::Splash brothers? haha enjoy 8th seed this year. Suns keep surprising everyone. Dragic/Bledsoe > Curry/Klay
Redmond Peiro::take it to the allstar voting...
Cvete Karamacoski::Alex Doub  Kobe being THIRD in voting 100% backs that statement
Brandon Bove::Redmond Peiro  Yeah….just like last year when Curry got left out. I'm sure you'll be really happy when Jeremy Lin gets voted in over Curry this year.
Chad Wiggins::BULL SH** fouled, hacked, and yet still called time out before he was mauled... dirty officiating  down the stretch..
Randy Dixon::Golden state basically can only play well at home...Lost Thompson might be the worst player in NBA history to average 20
Chad Wiggins::not even that of late
Chad Wiggins::get crappy klay the creep out and good things start to happy... he's a selfish kid.... I'm noticing this of late
Chad Wiggins::the one shot klay brick mason thompson actually can make, is a pure lucky double pump brick make
Alan Ogg::lmao. the suns.. i can't even name 1 starter... yet they beat the Warriors. sad sad sad team
Brandon Duenas::you can't name one starter? maybe you should go find another sport to follow then. Or just don't follow sports at all, because clearly you can't keep up with the NBA.
Alan Ogg::Brandon Duenas Typical arizonian garbage. dont you have a curfew you old man
Brandon Bove::Alan Ogg LOL Our "no name" backcourt just outplayed your "all star" back court. If you didn't know…now you know who the SLASH BROS are! Suns now 6th in the West. Watch some basketball.
