Roy::Bulls biggest problem right now is turnovers. They have been very sloppy every game so far. Averaging around 20 turnovers a game! Thibs wont allow that to keep happening. Once the Bulls cut that number in half and Rose shakes the rust off look for this team to start stringing together some 10 game winning streaks.
gary strong::Chicago gave up all their defensive chips before last season and is no longer an elite defensive team but tonight was a pretty good showing. They have a good attitude, but they don't have the defensive depth they had three seasons ago.
Anthony::This game should be titled: When 1-3 meets 0-5 somebody has to win.
Jer::You won't see many games where a team has 20 turnovers (3 more than their opponent) and still wins by over twenty points. Do that against Miami or Indy (which they did) and you will get beat badly. The Bulls were lucky to be playing the worst team in the association. Jazz wouldn't know what to do with a basketball if you picked them up by a crane and held them over the basket. Thibs must be having an ulcer over all these turnovers. Rose is still very rusty and they haven't gotten into a rhythm yet as a team. It's okay because it's only November and they have a long season to build up that chemistry.
Anthony::Ah good.  Somebody the Heifers can hang with.  Now they can go back and relieve their preseason glory days!
Chuck::C'mon Thibs!!  Give me one good reason why Deng needed to play 38 minutes tonight.  Use your bench.
Hooch::The Bulls should win this game.  It's in Chicago and Utah is one of the few teams with a worse record than the Bulls.  I firmly believe the Bulls will be fine.  It was a bit of a surprise to go undefeated in pre season and then do so poorly once the season started.   I look forward to the media forgetting about Rose and the Bulls.  Let Thibs  get this team back on track, then let their play speak for it's self.  I admit I was a very confident fan and got carried away with  some posts.   This has been humbling for all concerned.   So let's start new and work are way back up in the rankings.  Go Bulls!
billy::It will take a bit of time to gel for the bulls - they had a very hard schedule to start and will only get better and better.
Kobe Bryant::Luol Deng seems like the most valuable player on the bulls.
Devin H::as bad as Utah is  ..imagine the team without haywood....
