Raidersyeahthatsright::Spurs - Fakers......OWNAGE!!
Inconvenient Truth::ustna -Sorry. I've been in the air the last few hours. What did I miss? Has Kobe raped again while I was away ?...============= AlaskaHawksI didn't wanna be the one to tell you, but give your mother a call.... ============= grapenutz78stay classy ========= AlaskaHawksYeah that rape post above mine is all class lol... ========= OWNED
polocash::I think the Spurs let them win without Kobe the first time to embarrass Kobe and show LA they didn't need him, then killed them the 2nd time to show them they are not as good as they thought.  Pop is this smart.
Inconvenient Truth::riiiiiiiiiiiiiiight. LMAO
grapenutz78::Off topic but Charissa Thompson is WAYYYYYY too hot for ESPN
ustna::Sorry. I've been in the air the last few hours. What did I miss? Has Kobe raped again while I was away ?
AlaskaHawks::I didn't wanna be the one to tell you, but give your mother a call.
Inconvenient Truth::you owned him. nice one
ustna::Is it? Mmmmmkay......
AlaskaHawks::Yeah that rape post above mine is all class lol
grapenutz78::stay classy
grapenutz78::"We played really good last night"  -Metta World Peace
Titans are Oilers::ok lakers beat spurs without kobe = lakers great spurs suck! spurs beat lakers without kobe = lakers great spurs suck -- lakers fans
Inconvenient Truth::NOBODY has said that. What they probably said was  lakers beatdown spurs in sa without kobe = wow, embarassing spurs beatdown lakers in la without kobe = expected
grapenutz78::you didnt expect to win AT HOME after u killed them in SA???? somehow i doubt that
grapenutz78::lmao! funny how that works
Inconvenient Truth::you think its funny, but its even funnier that NOBODY said that lol
AlaskaHawks::Akers have suffered their two worst defeats of the season with Kobe out of the lineup, in just. 6 games. Only a fool thinks lakers are better without him
Inconvenient Truth::reggie miller already called them idiots last night
Inconvenient Truth::Ok this board is dead, I'm out. So to recap. Kobe has raped as many women as gary neal but kobe has slept with one less teammates wife then tony parker. Spur fans are extremely excited about beating the lakers when they were without its best player AND they dont understand how embarassing it was for that kobe less team to beat them IN sa. but all in all. good game spur fans. we'll see how the next game goes with kobe back in the lineup.
polocash::But 3 assists is not getting team involved, it was just the best on the team.
mccoy3181::Lakers without Kobe &gt; Lakers with Kobe
Inconvenient Truth::kobe is one of the greatest players of all time and has won 5 championships doing it the way he does it. who are you to talk bad about it. doesnt get his team involved? till sessions got here he had the most assists per game on the team. he's too old but he is still elite?
mccoy3181::say what you will but Kobe takes too many shots and hurts his team because of it.  He does not get his team involved.  He is too old and is now better as a coach.
Inconvenient Truth::reggie miller called you an idiot last night
LSD_hookem::LOL- now I see it is all part of the master plan Lakers have for clips winning division and SAS winning WC. As a Thunder fan I was hoping for first round against Mavs and first round of clips vs grizz- whatever the west conf standings. I can only imagine lakers fans if clips top them. I'm gonna be laughing harder than I did.......... Well...... Last night!
LSD_hookem::It's a joke. Read a laker post hat said this was a designed loss to put spurs in 1st place and found that amusing. Could be possible considering matchups but not with the clips taking up so much of your oxygen.
Inconvenient Truth::ok, i still dont get it, how does this benefit the lakers??
Inconvenient Truth::I dont get it. What are you trying to say the master plan is?
Inconvenient Truth::Is bragging about beating a team without its best player something spur fans usually do? especially after getting beatdown by that team without its best player in SA
FrankPistachio211::Bynum was out last night??
Inconvenient Truth::youre one of those idiots that reggie miller was talking about last night arent you
LSD_hookem::Well sure but only cause it upsets you lakers wagoners!
Inconvenient Truth::well sure, only cause it doesnt make sense.
Inconvenient Truth::the best part is when someone points out that gary neal was never found guilty, all the while saying kobes a rapist LMAO
Timmy D The GOAT::"Le poop on le Sessions for le fun."     --Tony Parker--
Timmy D The GOAT::San Antonio travels with their own woodshed. That was a beating!
Inconvenient Truth::just like the lakers beatdown the spurs in sa
Inconvenient Truth::all i hear is kobe raped somone. all the while they forget gary neal raped some chick in college
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Le San Antonio Spurs sont les meilleurs dans l'ouest!
LSD_hookem::But you don't  have RinGS! Lol
Julie.Again::Have a good one fellas.
jlane0049::All I hear are the FAKERS AND ALL THEIR EXCUSES CRYBABIES
jlane0049::sorry julie... I said it go spurs
jlane0049::adios
Julie.Again::Better.  Adieu.
jlane0049::adios douc...he
Julie.Again::I'd like to think with a dash of realistic in there too.
jlane0049::that was no excuse like your giving
grapenutz78::i agree. Julie is not like the other laker fans. Shes more optimistic than delusional
Julie.Again::WTH?  Dude I don't make excuses or talk $@%!.  Wrong girl.
Julie.Again::Shoulda been here when the Spurs lost.
ustna::Julie.Again - "They" is a rather broad brush.  "they" is by far your most vocal and obnoxious fans
grapenutz78::ok ill be fair, most
Julie.Again::"They" is a rather broad brush.
grapenutz78::they were planning the parade down figueroa st last week
Julie.Again::Ha.  Touche.
jlane0049::I was thats why Im here now
ICE3339::The Kobe less win in san antonio was more impressive. When he comes back san antonio won't have any answer.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::The Spurs have had answers before and have so far this season against the elite teams!
grapenutz78::Is it even definite kobe comes back Friday? who says he doesnt comeback sunday??
jlane0049::you need not worry about the SPURS anyhow you better worry about some one else that will put you guys out before the SPURS EVEN SEE YOU
Pancakes with Codeine Syrup::And for good measure: Parker &gt; Westbrook Manu &gt; Harden Leonard &lt; Durant Splitter &gt; Ibaka Duncan &gt; Perkins
GIBBY9612::no way Splitter is better than Ibaka, and I'm a Spurs Fan
Julie.Again::Splitter?
grapenutz78::splitter better than ibaka?
Pancakes with Codeine Syrup::Parker &gt; Sessions Manu = Kobe Kawhi &gt; MWP Splitter &lt; Pau Duncan &gt; Bynum
Julie.Again::Manu?  Really?  And the way Ron has been playing lately, no on that one too.  Of course, he could revert rather quickly.
ICE3339::manu=kobe? i really hope that is a joke. Kobe&gt; everyone
RicoSuave925::Kobe is the best player since Michael Jordan and it's more skill than Duncan and has more rings..That's why Spurs fans hate Kobe and the Lakers..I'm out!
jlane0049::you just cant stand it cause the fakers got thumped last night
Pancakes with Codeine Syrup::If I am the Lakers, I rape the Thunder
LSD_hookem::Beat you in both houses so far so I don't think so.
jlane0049::Kobe raping who again??
grapenutz78::this sunday! cant wait for that game
Numb1lakefan::Lakers could of beat spurs but they threw the game so that okc stays out of first seed.smart move
Numb1lakefan::kobe well rested he will come out the first round for sure
Numb1lakefan::westbrook and durant become to selfish in the playoffs.we all know that
grapenutz78::And whats Kobe?? Magic Johnson???
Numb1lakefan::okc will be eliminated by dallas or houston
jlane0049::no way
grapenutz78::that was so funny i liked it
jlane0049::I ll take the thunder anytime in that series
Numb1lakefan::yup i slept good...id rather have san antonio in the first seed
grapenutz78::OKC/LA second round. you will regret those words
grapenutz78::if that helps u sleep at night
RicoSuave925::I know why Spurs fans hate Kobe and the Lakers so much....Cause Kobe overshadow Duncan career...If Kobe didn't exist Duncan would be the best player since Michael Jordan...HAHAHAHAHA
grapenutz78::and vice versa. kobe would probably have PASSED jordans ring totals. Now hes in his 16th season trying to tie him
jlane0049::show proof thats a fact
grapenutz78::maybe. We'll never know will we.....
RicoSuave925::that's an opinion...what I'm saying is fact...
rynospurs21::TD = GOAT PF Kobe Brick Bryant = ? SG
rynospurs21::The only difference between KoMe and CarMelo is that Melo is more effecient scorer
grapenutz78::one of them has played on really good teams with hof centers, the other, well you know
AlaskaHawks::One of them has been past the first round in the playoffs a grand total of one time in 9 years, and the other, well you know
RicoSuave925::Shaq with Kobe= 3rings Shaq without Kobe=1ring  Gasol with Kobe= 2 rings Gasol without Kobe= no playoff win  Kobe rode Shaq and Gasol? HAHAHAHA you're a clown
rynospurs21::The other is that one has road the backs of dominant big men to do it.
RicoSuave925::Difference is Kobe knows how to win and play defense
grapenutz78::pretty much. two ball stoppers
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Tim Duncan needs to continue going strong to the basket.
SpursThruGoodAndBad::I guess this was a really close game. SportsCenter had 6 highlights, 3 for the Lakers and 3 for the Spurs. Oh wait, it was the Lakers so they automatically have to make them look good.  It wasn't too long ago when Kobe shot 3 for 14 in a Lakers loss and ESPN showed all three of his makes without mentioning his shooting percentage. It is all about the $$$$.
RicoSuave925::On Friday Lakers gonna win a close game and we gonna have "The Black Mamba" back.....Book it....
Two Five Savage::Sources state Kobe will not play.
nva84::I'm not sure he'll play. I think it's 50-50
rynospurs21::Black Hole will be playing Friday? Spurs will win. KoMe 6-29, Bynum &amp; Gasol combine 14-20.
RicoSuave925::yeah Kome 6-29,  Bynum &amp; Gasol combine 14-20... That's how you go to the Finals and win 2 out of 3....HAHAHAHA
grapenutz78::i wouldnt "book it"
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::The Spurs will be ready!!!!!
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Gregg Popovich is clearly the Best Coach!!!!! Coach of the Year!!!!!
Benched For Bricking::"That was just rude"            --McRoberts--
Two Five Savage::I hope Duncan doesn't retire after the championship, if they keep this team together it could be a mini-dynasty
GatorTex79::This will be Duncan's last year.  Pop has assembled the deepest team in their history to make one final push for Duncan's 5th.
Pancakes with Codeine Syrup::3 peat
Pancakes with Codeine Syrup::The Spurs are the best team in the league. They match up well with the big dogs, and if they keep denying the ball to Bynum and Randolph, the Spurs will win the championship.
Benched For Bricking::Pop is pure genius. He let the Lakers win by 20 and then beat them by 20 just to mess with their heads. Friday he'll beat them by 20 in OT just to spin them even further.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::The lakers only won by 14!
grapenutz78::Pop made some great adjustments
popsthebest::Players made an adjustment too. Especially Duncan!
Two Five Savage::1st off the Spurs are going to win the championship 2ndly, it's not even going to be close
Benched For Bricking::I like you agressive style son
RicoSuave925::Can I have the Mega Millions numbers too?
RicoSuave925::what do you call Lakers? they have won 5 times in Duncan's era?
Two Five Savage::The keyphrase is "winning Spurs" numb-nuts
Julie.Again::Yes they did.
Pancakes with Codeine Syrup::No, he hatched
nva84::No actually, I'm asking a question kid
RicoSuave925::winning Spurs? lol
Two Five Savage::<i>Didn't you get Duncan in the lottery?</i> (little kid voice)
nva84::Didn't you get Duncan in the lottery?
Two Five Savage::I associate with the winning Spurs, therefore, <b>lottery</b> does not exist.
Codeine Syrup on some Waffles::As a Spurs fan, I do like Kobe. He is cool in my book. But, I think this is the order right now Top 5 Teams today: 1.) Spurs 2.) Lakers 3.) OKC 4.) Bulls 5.) Clippers 6 (bonus).) Heat
RicoSuave925::As a Laker fan i rather face the Spurs in the second round than the Thunder...
rynospurs21::2nd round? Irrelavent. The Grizz will knock your team out in the 1st round. It will be the 4-5 matchup. Book it!
Two Five Savage::Just because you say it with confidence doesn't make you any less stupid
grapenutz78::good call
Jason1973h::Ride them Spurs all the way to the Finals. most complete west team. Book it
RicoSuave925::like last year they had the #1 seed?
RicoSuave925::The playoff is a new season....If the Lakers , Clippers , Grizzlies , Nuggets didn't think they can beat the Thunder why are they gonna play the game? I'm not saying it's impossible to beat the Thunder...I'm just saying the Thunder is the team to beat and the regular season has no bearing in the playoff..
rynospurs21::The last year definitely doesnt either. Owned.
DeanGibbz::it does when you are proclaiming that the thunder is the team to beat. The spurs have enough confidence and proof that they can match up with them
RicoSuave925::regular season has no bearing in the playoff
rynospurs21::Good thing we are 2-1 against them.
RicoSuave925::The team to beat is the Thunder...
DeanGibbz::luckily last year has no bearing on this years team
Inconvenient Truth::the spurs main 3 players are old and they have NO financial flexibility. AND they are in san antonio where no great players will go play. the future looks bright for yall
rynospurs21::No flexibility? TD's contract expires at the end of this year. That is 20 mil off the books. He will probably resign for half or less. There is you flexibility.
rynospurs21::The Lakers had lottery picks the two years they were out of the playoffs and still had KoME. What did they do with that? Also, you can find value in the late first rouond pick; Parker, Ibaka. Hell, even Ryan Anderson was a late first rounder.
rynospurs21::I'll give you that the Sessions pick up was good, they should have let Blake go and not Fish. They have zero bench players and no young talent that will develop except for Ebanks. They filled their bench with old players.
Julie.Again::I'll give you Ibaka.  Helluva pick.  Utah actually drafted Maynor though.  I'm still not entirely sure what happened with Beasley.  Wolves stopped it at the last minute.  Something to do with Blake and Fish.
rynospurs21::I agree, but they also picked good players after they were out of the lottery, Maynor, Ibaka, etc. The problem with the large market teams is that they will go over the cap and overpay players that are in the twilight of their career. If you go that route you should go all the way. They should have added Beasly for a late 1st rounder and ate the 6mil (12 mil cap hit) and then they would have a bench. He doesnt pass, but he is a one man scoring machine if you let him control the ball.
Julie.Again::Bynum.  I am in no way saying anything about the Spurs.  They are a model franchise.  The Thunder are getting there too, but my point was they didn't build their team up with late round draft picks.  It came from being horrible for numerous years.
rynospurs21::Really? It seems they are only contenders when they make a trade and overpay for a big man. They Spurs and OKC seem to find players with later draft pick and unsigned FA.
popsthebest::They still had to pick the right guy
Julie.Again::The Thunder got their 3 best players 3 years in a row because they sucked.  What are you talking about?
rynospurs21::Consistency = Building thru draft and developing players. OKC will be the most consistent team over the next 10 years.
Inconvenient Truth::the lakers cant "build" through the draft cause theyre always good. the only players left for us to draft are scrubs
rynospurs21::Bynum couldnt guard Betty White in a pick-n-role.
rynospurs21::thanks for proving my point. TD won out last night.
grapenutz78::and paus transition defense might be the worst in the league. he is clueless
grapenutz78::bynum controlled the boards last game, THATS why they started splitter last night. control the boards control the game
Inconvenient Truth::and they STILL wooped the spurs a few days ago
Inconvenient Truth::tim duncan IS betty white
33aggies::didnt know betty white could posterize somone that bad, says alot
Inconvenient Truth::spur fans are stupid if they think that getting rid of LUKE WALTON and getting ramon sessions was a bad thing. LMAO
rynospurs21::RS7 is the future of the Lakers. It sure looks bright.
Inconvenient Truth::stop being a spur troll
grapenutz78::lmao RS7!! that always cracks me up
Inconvenient Truth::do spur fans only hate kobe cause of the 4 times he's kicked them out of the playoffs? cause, i mean, its not about rape. its not like their appauled that someone would do that cause gary neal did the same. so then, what is it? its gotta be the 4 knockouts
Inconvenient Truth::how many women has kobe raped? same amount as gary neal
marat75::A poor man's Kobe Bryant.
ACandOJ::A Poor Man's Sedale Threatt
kempstylez40::What's a Gary Neal?
kempstylez40::I'm not entirely sure, but I think it's a type of musket used in the Revolutionary War.
Inconvenient Truth::whats a chuck lidell
AlaskaHawks::In all honesty the way all of you throw aroundrape lightly and joke about it is sick.
Inconvenient Truth::its spur fans being hypocrites.
grapenutz78::Will people finally admit the Sessions trade was a failure??
grapenutz78::westbrook, parker, even conley will burn this kid come playoff time
1871jupdog::and Parker just crossed him last night
Julie.Again::No they were not.  Everybody knew he couldn't play defense.  Come on now.
grapenutz78::i agree with you somewhat. however the lakers were hoping he would be upgrade defensively from dfish, which he isnt. That was a big problem last year (see jj barea and cp3) and actually dfish did a pretty decent job on cp3 after game 3 against NO last year. I dont see sessions having ANY impact defensively
Julie.Again::He adds 6 points and another playmaker besides Kobe.  Fish couldn't stop any of the elite guards either.  Obviously he's no Chris Paul, but he has helped and will help.  Why are you arguing these points?  I know you have sense.
grapenutz78::offensively he adds a little. Hes defense will be LAs achilles heel, especially against the spurs and okc
Julie.Again::Yeah, Fish was stopping them at an alarming rate right?  Come on dude.  It's what we needed.
grapenutz78::this is a guards league. you have to STOP them to win. He is also turnover prone
nva84::How is it a bust? The lakers knew he wasn't a good defender. They got him for his speed on offense because they haven't had a quick PG in almost 20 years
RicoSuave925::Can I have the Mega Millions numbers?
Julie.Again::The scoring has increased by 6 points since he got here.  It's not a bust.  It's better than what we had even though I'm still sad about Fish.  He's not a defensive player by any stretch of the imagination, but he has speed and can penetrate.  We needed that.
ACandOJ::Stop bringing that game up.....you're confusing the people that don't know that Laker haters are being witty about last night's game
grapenutz78::dont say i didnt warn you! the sessions trade is a bust
RicoSuave925::did Parker burn Sessions in San Antonio last week?
DeezBrown::and he will burn em right back, its not like he doesnt score.
ACandOJ::Mega Millions numbers please??
RicoSuave925::1 bad game and now is a failure? SMH
nva84::Its not a failure, I just think it was over hyped
Inconvenient Truth::no, they got rid of LUKE WALTON lol. thats never a failure
Inconvenient Truth::they saved cash dude
grapenutz78::could have dumped him next year
kempstylez40::How many women has Kobe raped now?
rynospurs21::He said he has been with over 100. With his previous track record, i am sure not all were concentual
Inconvenient Truth::same amout as gary neal
RicoSuave925::Was that your girl who tried to get millions from Kobe by claiming "rape" ? You can't turn a ho into a housewife bro..
DeezBrown::See you suckas friday. Lakers will have a better strategy for the pick and roll and get the W.
rynospurs21::He took you to 6 last year by himself
rynospurs21::OK then see: JJ Barea. Is that better for you?
rynospurs21::I'd say he has a little better supporting cast this year.
nva84::and did they win?
rynospurs21::Yeah, just like they have every time they faced a scoring point gaurd. LMOA! See: Chris Paul
nva84::We've beat them 2 out of 3 this year. Nice try though
ACandOJ::Because Paul beats LA so much??
DeezBrown::Beat Clips 2-1 with their scoring point guard. Dont get me wrong parker had a good game but remember he went 2-12 the previous meeting. Lakers will press him harder on that 17 footer and he will cool off.
RicoSuave925::" Brent Barry sharing is caring right?" - Tony Parker
Inconvenient Truth::LMAO at spur fans asking if gary neal was convicted!!! BAHAHAHHAHAH as if that ever mattered when it came to kobe. BAHAHHAHHAHHAH  HYPOCRICY AT ITS BEST SELF OWNAGE
rynospurs21::Was that an attempt at answer? Failed
