Ernest Bagdasaryan::I count 20 pts in the fourth quarter by Isaiah Thomas. Total of 24 pts in the game. Hope the kings extend his contract next season.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Shortest guy on the kings plays with the biggest heart. Goes out to prove that some GM'S  dont know what they are doing when it comes down to the core of talent scouting, when guys like THOMAS, slip all the way down to pick # 60. He has been playing like a first round draft pick, going all the way back to the combine.
Ayn Bland::So what you're saying is this is a typical case of short man syndrome?
Chris Sumo::He was balling at Washington!
Andrew Martin::Consistently give Thomas the minutes he deserves and maybe they'll win a couple games. Malone is an idiot, I'd want out
Stephen Smith::Sorry, but your post is a duplicate of about 40 posts after similar Kings' losses.  I feel your pain, but statistics apparently make no difference to the coach.  Gervais continues to underperform and start.  If Thomas simply had his minutes, the kings might have won.
Sam Mertens::Wanna hear a joke??? Heat lost to the Pistons 107-97
Anderson Daniel::Thunder Up! Let's go 13-3!!!
Vladimir Tsalyuk::are u a backstreet boy
Adam Youman::Vladimir Tsalyuk just mad that your pathetic heat lost to the pistons. go cry somewhere else
Vladimir Tsalyuk::ehh I posted this 18 hours ago, last night, wasn't mad about anything and still aren't mad
Corey Ledford::What a surprise, another slow start for the Thunder. This is getting so old...
Adam Youman::they like to make it a lil exciting dont worry
Willie Woodberry::Thank you Kendrick Perkins for your 1 point and 1 rebound.
Adam Youman::The thunder were losing but durant was like "ummmmmm no"
Tar Yak::Kings 92  Thunder 90
Byron Ortega::Thunder 104   Kings 90
Ayn Bland::You think Brooks will rest KD, Westbrook, Jackson, AND Lamb tonight?
Russ Harris::No offense but not this year...the Kings are just can't hang with Oklahoma City....OKC is well coached and they have Westbrook and Durant. They do their Dennis Johnson Larry Bird routine.
Christopher Cosper::I hate to say it but Durant is just as good or better than lebron the last few years he don't get the props but his all around stats points blocks rebounds and assist have been better. He doesn't have the squad Miami has ...I'm a wade Fam but Miami supposed to win they have 30 of the top 5 first round picks who were the head guys on their team...wade won championship with a decent shape older Shaq and took them ti playoffs before Shaq was there ...lebron took Cleveland and bosh put raptors in his back. Then the greased 3 point shooter and s bunch if good role players ...but lebron get all the credit but lest see him win a championship without 1 of big 3
Giannis Berbeis::he tried that.didnt work.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Long time kings fan, very excited with the new everything that's happening with the kings.  Hopefully they continue fighting every single game unlike last year. I predict we will win 30-35 games this season.  I know its not much, but still somewhat of an improvement. Hopefully we get lucky in the draft unlike the few previous lottery odd years.  Wouldnt mind having any of the top players in the draft next draft. ( Parker, wiggins, randle, exum, smart ) or sub stars ( harrison twins, gordon, robinson )
Jamey DelliCarpini::do you think they win tonight?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Jamey DelliCarpini if they keep playing like this, there is a chance.
Adam Youman::Ernest Bagdasaryan lol the thunder are sucking it up so yes there sure is a chance
Ernest Bagdasaryan::First quarter is over, score of 19-31. Kings shooting 57.9 percent to OKC 25.9 %  If this continues into the 2nd Q, thunder will be down 15-20 pts. I actually had slim hope of the kings winning.
Corey Ledford::OKC always starts slow, but finishes with a flurry.
Anthony Wing::Corey Ledford as a wolves fan i can attest to that
Tyler DuPont::this will show you all http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZgqVEmPCWg&feature=youtu.be
Vladimir Tsalyuk::dude that's the 2nd time ive seen someone post that video and it isn't funny. I just don't get it. like is it supposed to be funny or what? what is it supposed to show?
Steave Hoover::I guess they can't put fredette in because allegedly he plays bad defense and it might mess up Sacramento's 16 point deficit.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Looks like the kings best player Cousins will miss this game due to a sprained ankle, lets see how this plays out.
Don Lawrence::Well that sucks. Got Cousins on my fantasy team. I'm a Clippers fan, and KNEW that guy was gonna beast this year. Had to have him.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Don Lawrence Always a gut punch when double double players miss games. Especially on fantasy leagues, hopefully one of your other 15 has a monster game, good luck !
Ayn Bland::Funny how those who claim the refs bail OKC out all day long are never around when the refs rape OKC.
Brandon Morris::Reggie Jackson is becoming a helluva basketball player.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::kings off to a hot start, 75 percent shooting, to thunders 18 percent.
Jamey DelliCarpini::can the kings still pull this off without cousins?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::We have won games before without cousins. We will miss his rebounding and post scoring.
Keith Ketcham::Wow okc is off to their worst start of the season!
Roderick Marshall::Go Blazers!!
Nick Bailey::Thanks for stopping by.
Ayn Bland::You Blazers fans have the potential to be as obnoxious as Spurts fans.
Russ Harris::I like that the Kings are playing better defense, I like that they are playing with more intensity especially in the 4ht Q....I like Thomas, Cousins, Hayes, I believe that Williams can make a slight improvement, Fredette is still a mystery because he hasn't properly been given a decent chance...McLemore will definitely not be an elite player anytime too soon maybe next year or beyond but, shows moderate promise so far. Grevivis is okay I guess ,other than the names I just mentioned here...The Kings don't have a whole lot of talent....I believe it will be a tad long year...I hope not though...I mean there are so many...better teams in the Western Conference.I like the Kings Coach I believe he and the Gen Mgr Pete are on the right track....so far my most favorite person is the female court-side announcer.  Just my opinion.
Adam Youman::Ok Russell....your my favorite player in the NBA and its really killing me inside that you've turned the ball over 7 f_cking times. please stop. for the love of god
Adam Youman::Ummmmm wtf just happened? turned my head for 3 minutes and they almost tied the game??? Put your starters back in quick!!
Drake Hankins::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7WiotqFpfSQ check it out!
