seemebright::Yes the Grizz are better without Mayo. They had too many guys who needed to take shots and Mayo needed to go. Those shots need to go to ZBo, Marc, and Gay. They don't need another scorer. The chemistry is better without him
imasportsaholic::Wisconsin being punished for voting back in the king of socialism and redistribution
memphis kingpin::my grizz wont because of our bench in the second half 6 three pointers we killed it this year i wish rudy would be good at shooting three points as good as he is at his killer mid range game..but oh well our front court been putting up like 50 and 33 rebounds a game since the season started thats what im talking about and then when aruther comes back we gonna be even more stronger down low if we not in the western conference finals this year we need to give up someone i want that. i want a title but step by step
rcthrillers1969::I've been following a bet system called SportsBettingStar a few months back. Since I started playing this system I have doubled my money in just two months. You can find this system on the first page of google if you search the words Sports Betting System.  I recommend this system to anyone that likes to bet on sports like I do
hokienation135::Sanders is the real deal folks. I watched him play for VCU. He is the next Serge Ibaka
AKsparky907::Great game for the grizz! Lets make it 4 Ina row on Friday!
Mr. Bradford::Ellis and Jennings, come on man! A combined 11 for 38 in two point land ain't gonna cut it! But then again, neither is shooting 66.7% at the line and 38.5% from the field as a team.   Speights played some pretty good ball.
DoCtA.FlAkE::You think Sanders is going to keep this type of play through the season?
cincy132002::Can we give 10 of Rudy's shots to gasol.
Goon5832::Wow my bucks played like $@%!$@%! hope they get it together
knight_rider_1983::Clippers vs Spurs = Battle for the Flop Trophy
wareagledude5710::Great job, Grizz! You played great on the road and you made the crowd go home sad.
BeardedBeerman::Lol. A COUPLE of people may have been sad, but NOBODY was surprised.
roy2daboy::The two teams i hate the most (Spurs and Clippers) are now playing each other.  I'll be rooting for chaos and destruction on both teams to happen.
dcenate007::Hammonds has done a bad job constructing the team.
dcenate007::There is no way Jennings is worth near a max. Ellis is not worth a dime right now either.
machinegunkelley80::are the grizz a better team without o j
tigersfangoldandblue::Lol @machine you act like you saw it or we were supposed to see it. At the time Marc had barely played an NBA game and Pau was making All-Star teams so I think it is pretty logical to say that Pau was better at the time. That trade was a salary dump and the Grizzlies are fortunate Marc panned out so well but please don't act like you knew Marc would be better.
machinegunkelley80::Never said I did. Pau wasnt makingall star teams he only made one with Memphis.
El_Chupa_Nibre::how is Marc not better than Pau
machinegunkelley80::he is, guess most at the time didnt see it but hind sight is 20/20
machinegunkelley80::some of the grizz fans are  so funny.  they hated the zbo trade the marc trade was the worst trade in history they were dumb for letting o j walk dumb for trading dante for ellington etc i really like this team. this team is very dangerous top to bottom
dcenate007::Bucks need OJ. Grizzlies have a great team with plenty of shooters that I saw tonight.
roy2daboy::Juice was very inconsistent.
emthomasjr::GG Grizzlies.  It is so nice to have people coming of the bench without psychological issues holding their play back (i.e. OJ Mayo).  LOL.
CARDINALSRULE10::haha Tood Mayo ? i was in his summer school class in memphis...haha
roy2daboy::Crazy that Mayo's brother is now declared academically ineligible to play college ball.
obamaagainin2012::ZBO is my hero
MEMPHIS GRIZZZ::Yeah grizzlies Great game. Friday  Vs Rockets be ready.
michael107115::The way Pondexter's shot has improved Memphis should try moving him around coming off screens and give him some opportunities instead of just sticking him in the corner
longhornpros17::QPon &amp; Speightball are deadly efficient off the bench. Love those guys!
deathtofudge::I got pretty pumped last night thinking about our 2nd unit when Arthur comes back: Bayless Ellington Pondexter Speights Arthur Thats a legit group of backups
machinegunkelley80::they use him ellington to spread the floor with bayless running pick and rolls. its going to be crazy when aruthur gets back
dcenate007::Bucks have 2 point guards, two small forwards, and a turtle at center. Where's the defense?
emthomasjr::Sanders is a nice player.  He's a little raw, but he is a great piece.  Love his energy.
machinegunkelley80::they have some shot blockers
machinegunkelley80::not sure, they are going to have to use their advantage with athletic bigs. push the pace
dcenate007::I meant the starters. Shot Blockers are nice but who's the big body that's going to clog up the paint on defense for the bucks?
knight_rider_1983::It's good to live in Hoop City
sweetlew09::ZBo is a straight up thug double doubles all day
machinegunkelley80::guy is a monster
machinegunkelley80::very good game top to bottom for the grizz
Griss13ears::Good win, Grizz! Let's do it to the Rockets on Friday!!!
wareagledude5710::Jeremy Lin coming to the basketball capital of Tennessee.
wareagledude5710::The southwest corner of Tennessee is the corner of basketball.
wareagledude5710::Memphis wins!
WIstormchaser2119::I really hate how they have to say 'BMO Harris Bradley Center' now
dcenate007::Bucks have to figure out how to play against a bigger team size wised.
TyrannMathieusDealer::bucks should play with three 7 footers to grab ellis and jennings rebounds
dcenate007::Probably should. They'll all have record rebounds.
roy2daboy::Tigers survive a scare against CBU and Grizzlies blowout the Bucs.  Overall, a good night for Memphis Basketball.
roy2daboy::Have to worry a lot more than just FT shooting.  Listening to Coach Pastner on the Post Game show, he's not happy with the team's performance.  They'll work out the issues before Monday's season opener.
El_Chupa_Nibre::As a CBU alum, Bucs are a terrific D2 team. Tigers didn't try until the second half, and even then barely. Only thing Tiger fans have to worry about is free throw shooting.
Griss13ears::Accept CBU lost :(  They are in Memphis too
Griss13ears::I know...just joshin around. As a CBU alum it was always a fun game to go to. Hope some tiger fans will buy some Grizz tickets this year so we can sell out some more games. I know they love the basketball!!
roy2daboy::I know that CBU is in Memphis and I'm glad that they lost to my alma mater.
WiscoMase23::horrible game but the reality is that the bucks are still 2-1
emthomasjr::Speights with 18 and 9?  Deeeeeem!
roy2daboy::I wasn't expecting a blowout.
roy2daboy::Hollins also goes into hibernation mode when he forgets how to coach at times.
roy2daboy::I'm a Grizz fan dude.  I know how good they can be and how at times they go into hibernation mode.
emthomasjr::Hibernation mode - that is an unfortunately accurate term.  I hate that !!  LOL.
machinegunkelley80::he should sub in the bench as soon as that happens
emthomasjr::I dunno.  The thing is that we are so under the radar.  We have good talent but people generally tend to under prepare early in the season because we have no superstars.  This wasn't all us, part of it was them.  I think the Bucks are better than they showed tonight.
Griss13ears::THe Grizz haven't been under the radar since 2010. That time is past. No excuses now....we just have to play.
machinegunkelley80::grizz might have been underestimated 4 years ago but make no mistake about it everyone know the grizz can ball
machinegunkelley80::maybe so but from what ive seen the grizz are playing solid basketball up and down
machinegunkelley80::the grizz are a good team up and down
WIstormchaser2119::Reporter: How do you look at tonight's loss? Lebron: We just didn't win by that much
emthomasjr::Daniels 10 points in like 45 seconds.
obamaagainin2012::Memphis has some ballers.
emthomasjr::Marquis Daniels is the GTP all star.
buckspackers23::Lord knows every team has a stinker. Look at the Heat vs the Knicks the other night
Benjamayne::id pick the grizzlies to win 9/10 against the bucks
knight_rider_1983::Looks like the Buck stops here................hey O..................
machinegunkelley80::damn hollins hates haddadi
sasha_lu::He's not a fan of lazy.  Go figure.
El_Chupa_Nibre::Agreed. Love Haddadi, but he needs to work it more. Sometimes you don't deserve to simply maintain.
emthomasjr::Yes, he actually pretty much said that.
machinegunkelley80::yeah i heard. my thing is get a 5 then
Jac4Grizzlies::Nice game Grizzlies
WIstormchaser2119::one out of 82, calm down
xx3825::This game honestly went how I envisioned it going.
knight_rider_1983::Why is Gasol still in?????
MemphisTn7414::Them Bucks getting worked! Y'all losing by 20! It's not even close!
dcenate007::Glad to see the Bucks have trolls. GO BUCKS
IZimbra4::nice $@%!$@% game bucks
buckspackers23::Just one of those nights.,,,
Steelers Defense::But the Bucks are sooooo good!!!!!!!!!! HAHAH
