Keith Moon::Love Ibaka getting ejected for Barnes being a typical NBA thug....
Ayn Bland::Well, in the NBA it's thuggish.
Cambry Moddelmog::It was stupid is what it was. He thought there was going to be a scuffle, so he struck first to keep Blake out of it. Even though Ibaka was pretty much already walking away.
Bryce Morgan::Broderick Watson pretty sure in a sport where it is frowned upon, it can be called thuggish. I think I know where you are going with this, and you are failing miserably.
Michael Huang::Every team that plays OKC should adopt the same strategy by having a bench player get involved in a shoving match with Ibaka until both are ejected.
Forrest Wolfe::You should go to bed
Andrew Gregory Kragt::Clips would have lost with Ibaka in there.  Griffin is a puss and that bum Barnes would get smoked.
Jereme Zuanich::Wow. I like how you are so sure of this fact.  I have met Matt, he is a family man that loves his kids.  Surge came down hard on Griffin, even though it was a legal block, and Surge held on to Blake to.  Next time you see that reply (SC tonight) check out Surge's hand finger's up, palm out...That means he was trying to lift up, not get out.
Brian Ray::F ibaka
Dana Greer::I notice you aren't mentioning Westbrook blowing to free throws and Durant air-balling a three pointer down the stretch
Travis Cook::IBAKA EJECTED!!!! WTF!!!! He did absolutely nothing.
Brian Ray::Ibaka is a punk
Corey Ledford::No.. Barnes is.
Brian Ray::Ibaka is dirty. He punched blake down low and got ejected for it last season. Why is anybody surprised he tried to get blake kicked out? Ibaka is a punk
Shawn Bento::Ibaka got thrown out?  What a joke.  LOL
Shawn Bento::Barnes too.  Absolute joke.
Dane Hempel::Shawn Bento Should be a technical on Matt Barnes and that's it. Ibaka did absolutely nothing, nor did Blake. Barnes is came in and escalated the entire thing.
Travis Cook::Blake did the initial arm hook crap to start it, but not enough to get a tech.
Scott Baker::Barnes is a punk!
Brian Ray::And ibaka isnt
Jason Whetzell::Brian Ray right
Nate Fischer::Westbrick acting like he took a puck to the teeth
Jereme Zuanich::What a one sided discussion.  Anyone who is pissed Surge got ejected has a right to be upset with the Refs.  Anyone that is blaming the refs or the ejection for the loss is a poor sport and doesn't understand half of Sporting and especially winning a Championship is dealing with adversity.  So stop complaining, stop making claims.  Give the Clippers the respect they deserve and keep your heads-up OKC fans.  You will have your chance to get them back in about a week.
Anderson Daniel::Thunder Up!!!!
Brian Ray::Haha thunder up is so dumb
Dana Greer::Thunder oops maybe
Ayn Bland::Let's hear it for Griffin with his game changing flop.
Shawn Smith::How was that a flop? Anyway Ibaka was ejected for pushing Barnes and clinching his fist, not for pushing Griffin...
Shawn Bento::Ibaka ain't bout that life
Clint Czar Jefferson::Nah Griffin aint about that life..He needs to fight his own battles lol
Jeremy Miller::Adams = legit big man
Justin Chapman::Griffin instigated the whole thing, he could have just let ibaka's arm free but for several seconds he kept his arm tangled, and twisted his body, every player would try to get his arm free from someone holding his arm. Totally instigated and escalated by both clippers players.
Jereme Zuanich::Yeah, blame the Clippers.  Next time you see that reply, check out Surge's arm.  If I am trying to get my arm out, I know I would not be lifting my arm and pointing my fingers palm out to the ceiling.  In fact, if I had my arm under yours, and was doing just that, I would be trying to lift and throw you...
Justin Chapman::Jereme Zuanich  I don't have anything against the clippers, and I am not a fan of OKC either, it just seemed like Griffin instigated the whole thing. When you clinch someone's arm and turn your body while still clenching their arm, anyone is going to try and get their arm free.... no one should have been ejected though. Even Barnes should not have been, shoving is technical not an ejection. It really changed the game and put OKC at a disadvantage the rest of the game. Whatever though, the refs just got the whole thing wrong I think.  I don't blame the Clippers, I blame the refs, it was really a minor incident. Guys get tangled up all the time and no punches were thrown.
Cambry Moddelmog::Possibly the softest ejections ever, and Ibaka got tossed for getting held and then shoved by Barnes. What a terrible overreaction from the referees, with a chance of completely changing the outcome of the game. Neither player needed to be ejected.
John Martin::Important win for the Clippers who have to beat contenders at home to be taken seriously. Ibaka lost his cool and maybe the game for his team. Stupid.
Geoff Starling::John Martin lost his mind. What did Ibaka do? Clippers lost their cool, should have had a tech on Griffin and an ejection. OKC players did nothing. Refs messed up and should be held accountable for not calling the exchange correctly. I'm not an OKC fan or a Clippers fan. Thats just what happened.
Aaron Rooney::https://www.facebook.com/Lakerclowns  Where are you 5ammy5ammy5ammy, GrapeNutz, Frank Pistachio, Ustna9?
Tray Day::Clipper fans talking about the Lakers on a Clippers board.....someones jealous
Jason Whetzell::Title should be: "Refs outshine players tonight"
Joey Miller::"Steph Curry threads the needle with a crazy pass to Andre Igoudala for the one hand slam!!. Oracle is alive and crazy!! The fans are going nuts!! It's a 14-0 run by Golden State, and they now lead the Thunder by 24 points midway through the 3rd quarter."  Get ready, OKC.  Y'all are about to get clowned tomorrow night in Oakland.
Shawn Bento::maybe, but it's not like GS is a significantly better team, if at all
Travis Burrow::If you take the same tactic and have our best low defensive player kicked out of the game, I don't doubt this at all
Joey Miller::Stop whining, home skillet.
Dana Greer::Awesome win for the Clippers tonight, they really put it all together in the second half tonight. I don't know how Blake is getting under Ibaka's skin, but Ibaka blew it tonight for his team
Dana Greer::I hope he doesn't get suspended, I got OKC + 2.5 tonight
Mike Fuller::the Clips actually played pretty good last night
Justin McElhaney::Clippers had to resort to cheap tactics and dirty play to win...what a bunch of thugs...
Jereme Zuanich::Besides one bad call...hard to put a bad call on one team..What cheap tactics are you speaking of.  OKC was much more Physical down the stretch and still got calls on the offensive side of the ball.
Levert Collins::clipperssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
Joey Miller::I really want to see a Clippers/Warriors Western Conference Final.  I mean, we all know that when the Clippers play the Warriors, the home team usually wins.  Go Warriors.  Oh, and Clippers...I hate the Lakers, so do me a favor and show the FakeShow who really runs LA now, okay?  Thanks.
Jereme Zuanich::True that, as a Laker fan, the Purple and GOld have a lot of work to do to look anywhere near either the Clippers or the Warriors.
Lewis Anderson::the refs are trying there best to help the thunder get back in to this game
Shawn Bento::*their
Forrest Wolfe::Ejecting Ibaka was definitively for LAC
Corey Ledford::They sure didn't help out on the Ibaka ejection, which obviously swung all of the momentum out of their favor.
Daniel Tuggle::That was bs Griffin had ibaka's arm clinched
Eric Lopez::This will be a good game! 122-114 LAC. Go Clippers!
