Marcleen Bavogui::GAME OVER TORONTO WINS paul george no mvp until u can be consistent been stinking up the joint
Nick SaFfel::and Toronto will still suck, Indiana will still dominate the East.
Treyvon Carter::Nick SaFfel ok, they don't score consistently, and yesterday got lucky with kyrie going down early in the 3rd quarter
Haris Khan::Nick SaFfel Toronto will still suck? The Raptors are 8-3 since the Rudy Gay trade!
Brandon Tigues::what was the point of keeping George in the game anyway? he was playing terrible on defense..he isn't giving you anything offensively and he's turning over the ball, how this guy is a mvp candidate is beyond me when the pacers are built around hibbert's defensive presences.
Marcleen Bavogui::SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH dont say a thing pacers fans actually believe his on par with KD and lebron
Tyler Duke::Hibbert is overrated defensively as well.
Chris Brown::you got to be pretty dumb to think that....hes still 23 points a game and great D LOL internet haters
Steve Broome::Everything's better when you lose Rudy Gay.
Colin Uza::BELIEVE IN THE RAPS!!!!!!!!! We are a good team after the Rudy Gay deal folks!  Do you guys see this chemistry?????
Graham Strouse::Toronto is a fun team now! And pretty darn good!
Paul Marshall::30 more passes a night w/o Gay. This team is sharing the rock!
Billy McBride::Pacer fans are very quiet! Maybe you save the trash talk for after you have won.
Jake Downey::I mean, isn't that what you just did? What's your point? The Raptors played well tonight, but the Pacers will get them back. Hopefully this is a good series, and that the Raptors are on the ride. A more competetive East conference sounds like fun. We almost have 4 teams above .500 now!
Jake Downey::Rise* not ride. Lol
Colin Uza::BELIEVE IN THE RAPTORS!!!!!! WAY TO GO RAPS!!!!!!!!
Shareef Alikhan::It's only a matter of time before Miami is back on top of the East.
Graham Strouse::It's still up for grabs this year I think but Miami could really use that #1 seed. The Pacers are designed very intentionally to play against the Heat's weaknesses.
Donaven Murray::this is why Paul George isn't quite there yet in terms of being a superstar. a 12 pt 3 assist game with no injury or anything wrong with him just doesn't cut it.
Brandon Tigues::extactly, people jumped the gun calling this guy a superstar after one good month of basketball
Steven Rivera::BINGO been saying this all season but I get bashed upon for telling the TRUTH!
Graham Strouse::He's most definitely a star. He's a young guy who had one crummy gain. KD does it do. Do does LBj, although LeBron's idea of a bad game is more like 18-7-7...
Shoot Jung::Told you guys Raptors will win.
Alan Ogg::12 points for the 'mvp' hahahaha go paul george go!  /sarcasm
Chris Brown::when will he win the mvp? (tick tock tick tock tick tock)
ScottandKari Baderman::If any one even suggests that George is better than Lebron (or even more valuable to his team), then they clearly haven't seen Lebron shut George down and make him look like an amatuer.
Jon Zimmer::Those fries aren't going to salt themselves Alan get back to work.
Alan Ogg::lol 'best in the east'  haha.  where da pacer fans go? ran away with their tractors
Jay Wahl::At least we didn't have to run to the fry basket.  Hey man, get a mop the toilet's overflowing.
Nate Tipton::I'm starting think Alan is more of an anti-Pacer fan than an actual Heat fan.  He smells of fear (and deep-fryer).
Alan Ogg::Nate Tipton im a proud master of the custodial arts
Daymeon Craig::Indiana Pacers  nba  champion 2013-2014 get ready. Don't hate just jump on the bandwagon like y'all did Miami !!!
Jayson Glaze::Screw Miami
Joe Brooks::The West owns the title this year.
Christopher Williams::Jayson Glaze screw indiana
Jason Ouzounis::Raptors 140 Pacers 110
Zack Schooler::Then you woke up
Josh Strouth::LOL, it would be closer if you cut the Raptors score in half.
Zee N Jason Farmer::must be predicting the Pacers score for this game and the raptors total for the next 2 meetings
Jody George Prats::Pacers = Scrubs Heat = GOATS
Graham Strouse::I'm a Heat fan but the team I worry about more than any other is Indiana. They're for real.
Haris Khan::The game is not over yet so Indiana can still storm back! Although no one will deny the raptors efficient offense which is just rolling right now and the raptors did the right thing by trading Rudy Gay.
Marcleen Bavogui::game is over their down by 11 with 2 min left lmao the hell do u think will happen
Haris Khan::Marcleen Bavogui I thought they were gonna storm back like usual but it turns out Indiana is playing crap lol
Marcleen Bavogui::put hibbert in foul trouble and u beat the pacers.. miami did it and the raptors did it. others need to attack that dude when is on the floor..
Chris Brown::wow really that's genius man! you should be a basketball coach
Marcleen Bavogui::Chris Brown  yea u right i should
Rich Basa::Marcleen Bavogui The Knicks could probably use you as a head coach.
Christopher Williams::its a long shot but i hope raptors pull it off. The pacers ARE a very good team
Mark Antwan::Lol Toronto just served them
Eric Wagman::The Raptors just out Pacered the Pacers. That was one of the most enjoyable Raptors games I've seen in YEARS. Can't wait till the rematch next week
Eric Weiss::So when do we start talking about how the Pacers will now lose in the first round of the playoffs
Marcleen Bavogui::lmao come on now
Eric Weiss::Seems that's the convo every time the heat lose
Marcleen Bavogui::Eric Weiss then those guys are idiots.. but will be funny tho
Marcleen Bavogui::been telling people stop overhyping paul george into a superstar. his a star..
Steven Rivera::I said this and you bashed me too
Marcleen Bavogui::Steven Rivera lmao i dint bash u i jut said i would take george over melo.. because of what he can be.. never said his a superstar lmao are u crazy
Steven Rivera::Marcleen Bavogui Ok well Ill take Melo over George anytime, Atleast I know with a decent team I can depend on him to deliver W's all season long ( except this season first lossing season in his 10 year career )
Joe Brooks::George has 8 points, 5 TO's, and a -9 differential. Take him out!!!
Kyle White::Who cares we still don't need to take out one of our better players
Joe Brooks::Kyle White ...Even OKC would have won last night if KD had not played the second half. When a player is off he's off.
Joe Brooks::I guess to some it's more important to have certain players in a game, even if they are stinking it up and losing.
Marcleen Bavogui::if u are gunning for the first seed u shouldnt losing games like this.. im just saying.. never heard of any team goin out before the season yelling we want the first seed
Chris Brown::u shouldn't be losing games on the road? duh...that's when you normally lose your games...nt
Marcleen Bavogui::Chris Brown mayb u should read again.. i said if u are gunning for the first seed u should be winning games like this away or home..u dont come out to the world screaming and then go on  and lose by double digit to an inferior team
Christopher Williams::people say the pacers are better than the heat...GO RAPTORS GO HEAT
Vic Manlapig Arcenio::Tough game. Go raptors go!
