BexyIndy55::I'm going to postulate that Stern doesn't pull this sort of "sanction" for the rest of the season.  He made his point loud and clear and the rest of the league will follow suit unless it's the last few weeks of the season.  His behavior does quite resemble that of a fascist despot.  His has fully established the panopticon, (my apologies for the pedantry), with his executive decisions of the flopping rule (which covers up the incompetence of the officials, arbitrary fining players and this recent debacle with the Spurs.  Teams are afraid and coaches are afraid to speak out for fear of being fined.  Fascist behavior.  His argument in support of the "average fan" who spent their "hard-earned money" to see the Spurs' stars is invalild IMO.  I wonder how many tickets were purchased by Heat fans on a one-time basis to see the Spurs best players (as opposed to seeing Lebron James and company).  I wonder how many Heat fans were genuinely disappointed after watching a hard fought, close game with Allen's 3 to win the game?  In contrast, what about the Wizards fans who spent their hard-earned money to see a game?  Pop could've easily rested their players during that game instead yet I would argue that more Wizards fans would come to see with Spurs with the expectations of seeing their stars since the Wiz are obviously more of an inferior team.    Stern wouldn't oppose this.  Double standard and hypocrisy.  Favoritism towards celebrity players and marginalization of small markets.
Mr. Bradford::The Bobcats are an improvement from last year, no doubt, they just can't hang in with the big boys yet. First it was what the Thunder did to them, no this.   I love how people nark the Spurs for being old, yet they are still capable of beating any team in the NBA on any given night. 17-4.
WesTexSpur::Before this game I was talking about how awful the Spurs 3 point shooting has been in the previous games.........maybe I should b.itch more often.
DalvinSplit::Here they come  San Antonio Spurs
ImOldschool1964::-LeTs gO mAvS  -Best REGULAR season team = San Antonio Spurs -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Can anyone remember when the Dallas basketball team (can't recall their name) was relevant?    ......Ok, neither can I.
Mr. Nut Job::Finally a team that can cover the spread!  Spurs are amazing.  I wouldn't want to be the other teams in the playoffs against them at this time!
ImOldschool1964::The two biggest jokes in the league....  #1....the Los Angeles lakers!  #2....the fans of the Los Angeles Lakers!
ImOldschool1964::Mr. Stern meet the San Antonio Spurs, the most exciting and best team in the NBA.  you jacka.ss
john1schn::Stern.....The Spurs are making your league look bad by beating it.  Are you gonna fine them now?  Jerk.
ImOldschool1964::I wonder if Stern will fine the organization for sitting Tim, Tony and Manu when they go up by 30 points?  This could be an expensive year for Peter Holt.....
Dukaw12::Stern to fine SA for shooting too much 3s. . . Keep the 3s on fire SPURS!
chighfield18::trade away walker and henderson for a big...walker takes way too many shots for a point guard..if your name is derrick rose or westbrook you get a pass. ramon would be much better for our offense. hendo is nice..but he is tradable and taylor has really come onto the scene.
No-account drifter::It's just being a good PG on a bad team. Walker rarely turns it over, the thing bad PGs do on bad teams. He's looking for better options, but they just aren't there. So he takes some bad shots instead. If you plan on having any future, you don't trade a guy like that.
KevinOllieSaves::"we'll take him off your hands"  -anyone
whoseyourdaddy60::walker was the only one scoring. are you really that dumb?
Sir Gunner::Trading Walker away is stupid af.
mmg430::against one of the worst teams please dont act like you guys are the top team in the west..when L.A has nash and gasol back, howard 100 percent, watch out!!!
ImOldschool1964::Los Angeles - where delusion runs rampant.
No-account drifter::C'mon, you aren't really a Laker fan, right? You're a Spurs fan pretending to be the typical Flaker knucklehead for our amusement. Gotta be.
Dukaw12::What are you talking about mmg430? We act like such b/c we are no. 1 in the West at present and we are always in the top ten. Bryant's selfish moves is making your Lakers out of rythm.
whoseyourdaddy60::LOL yea nash with his great defense and howard with his FT shooting....
Infinite5ammy::"Please don't act like you guys are the top team in the West. Only we Laker-heads are allowed to do that, even though our team is currently 11th with a losing record."  - That r*t*rd mmg430
mdupnic09::thanks, i needed a good laugh.
Dini9999::go spurs
TannerOtt20YSARK::The best team in the NBA sets a team record with 19 3's tonight and it is not the first, or second, or even third, but the fourth video in line to be shown on the homepage... oh how I love ESPN and that bias...
Bloodarrow42::if this was miami or L.A you'd see a big fat "BREAKING NEWS" in front of the main page too.
RNCoyote::San Antonio Spurs are unstoppable like Kobe Bryant in a Colorado hotel
ImOldschool1964::NBA meet the best team in the league...the San Antonio Spurs!
ImOldschool1964::Can anyone remember when the Dallas basketball team (can't recall their name) was relevant?  ......Ok, neither can I.
Dukaw12::and you? your team is more horrible. . .
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Best REGULAR season team = San Antonio Spurs
No-account drifter::And winning more games than anyone else while resting your starters more aggressively than anyone else is a bad thing because ...?
john1schn::Where were the Dallas Ponies last year in the playoffs?
mdupnic09::let me guess, youll say just look at the last 5 years because if you go any further youll look like a complete idiot. also two wins from the finals last year, horrible.
TexasSuperFanMan::I remember I went to yesterday's game vs Houston and still can't forget Bonner's monster dunk!
No-account drifter::I've replayed that video at least 20 times. I still don't believe it. I keep looking for the little trampoline and the mascot.
minick_man83::The most consistent franchise in all of sports
t_ripley::you guys are in the same vein as the patriots i wont disagree with that
decker69::Actually, the Patriots are in the same vein as the Spurs.
robertjasoncross::and yet the Spurs are still missing Kawhi and SJax. GO SPURS!
InCubaWith2Pac14::J Cole was at this game?
Spursdc::Stephen Jax said Serge ain't about that life. If he run up on him again, he is going in his mouth. Jax is crazy
No-account drifter::Jax can say stuff like that and get away with it because everyone knows he's crazy. Or else he's convinced everyone he's crazy so that he can get away with stuff like that.
LeoA86::Doubted
ForeverGrapeOKC::bout to get a call from Stern for that
Spursdc::he tweeted it
ewwthatsmell2::Spurs are good.  Beat the thunder by two but you were at home.  Cant wait to see what happens in the OKC.
No-account drifter::That is the game. Love the Thunder when they're playing anyone else, especially now that the referees' pet has gone to Houston. Spurs-Thunder games are the best sports events in America right now.
TDuncan021::Also didn't have Manu
LeoA86::Same again. Win by two pts buzzer beater by the guy on the 15th spot of the roster. James anderson. Boo yeah suckas!
winnabow1::You have to hand it to the Spurs. They continue to build through the draft even with late round picks. They are the model franchise of the NBA. Team ball and fundamentally sound.
No-account drifter::If Stern finds you, your $@% is fined, buddy.
howdythere.::smart ^^^
decker69::"Bonner just ripped a board from Tiago. Matt's gotta be juicing -- au jus'ing."  --Pounding the Rock @poundingtherock
JohnWilkinsonJr::I wonder what Stern will fine the Spurs for now.  Playing too good and making the rest of the NBA look bad?
howdythere.::he will fine them for not being the lakers
howdythere.::lol 50 cent being lowered into the ring at the Pac fight
No-account drifter::Another one jumps the shark.
wrecko22::by far the best team in the NBA hands down
LeoA86::Thank you, thank ;you. :D
Spursdc::The Spurs still need to find an answer for Serge. He killed us last year- maybe give Blair a shot. I don't know
No-account drifter::The refs favoring Harden killed us last year.
manoocena::the refs killed us last year.
LeoA86::yeah, james harden killed us, exactly, F.u.ck serge. Guys a chummp
txbball15::nooo james harden killed us last year.
txbball15::just a good ole fashioned spurs a$$ whoopin
STEVE6163656::We can't stop the Spurs.  They're too good.  -NBA Refs
No-account drifter::I bet they're getting lashed in Stern's office today. And I don't mean chewed out.
Spursdc::A lot of people are saying trade Jax when Kwahi gets back-why? He is a solid back up that can play the 2 and 3
howdythere.::for sure cap jack is our enforcer
howdythere.::plus he's a great defender and tough as nails
Spursdc::we will need him to guard Durant more than anything else. Because Durant gets so many phantom calls, we will need the extra bodies at the 3
decker69::It's pretty obvious Pop wants the #1 seed.  Let the Thunder and Grizz kill each other in the semis.
Spursdc::Houston would be a great first round
EDDYJAU::2012-13 deepest Spurs team ever.  I think this group has a damn good chance at another O'brien.
decker69::Memphis and the Thunder are tough match ups.  If the Heat ever get it together, they would be a very tough series too.
Spursdc::yeah ,Memphis, too, of course
Spursdc::I don't think this is the deepest Spur team ever tho
Spursdc::Okc is still a hell of a match up. Don't forget we have had troubles with the Clippers early on aswell
decker69::Even though the Spurs lost the first 2 times, the Clips really don't scare me.  Spurs bench hadn't woken up yet.  Manu was horrific and so was Tony, tbh.  Tony is playing 50 times better now.  Manu is showing signs of getting out of his funk too.
dstone2962::Don't know if thats the case but the team has a good shot.
Spursdc::good chance last year too
Prometheus Guns::Nando is starting to catch on. His passing is looking Rubio like. (I didnt want to say Nash or Stockton like....)
James04311::spurs won by 30 when joey crawford was a ref thought he hates san antonio
howdythere.::he does..he's just waiting for the playoffs
decker69::I may have a soft spot for James but he's looked solid in his garbage time so far.  He's not chucking up so many 3's.  Just playing better basketball.   Probably doesn't have "Yoko" in his ear telling him he's a star every night.
Prometheus Guns::Agreed Decker. I was at a bar with some buddies for game four. We decided to take a shot for every Sjax three. He hit what six? I cant even remember. Lol
Prometheus Guns::Him catching on could give reason to trade SJax. I just would like to hang onto Jax for needed defense.
Spursdc::I wouldn't even think of trading Jack
decker69::In the WCF, Wacko's offense was pretty awesome too.  Guy loves the big stage.
howdythere.::agreed
incredibeau::bummer, i was expecting this game to hit the 5000+ mark on the conversation board
Prometheus Guns::Pop should have just played the bench and Green tonight anyway. That would have gotten everyones attention.
Infinite5ammy::thelakeshow77 - Same 'ol Spurs.  Let's see if they can last through the playoffs this time. ___________________________________________  I love it when Laker-head clowns try to insinuate that the Spurs are a regular-season team. Guess what? The Lakers aren't the defending champions, either. They weren't the defending champs LAST year, either- in fact, it's been almost three year since they've won anything, and they've been HAMMERED in the second-round of the playoffs the last two consecutive years. The Spurs were conference finalists, which is a whole lot more impressive than a weak second-round exit the season AFTER being SWEPT out of the same round.  The bottom line? The Lakers have won a title more recently than the Spurs, but it's been a while for BOTH teams, so let's not act like the Lakers have been in the title mix anymore than the Spurs have the last couple of seasons. You ought to worry about your team getting a winning record before you start acting like the Lakers are the defending champions or something.
Prometheus Guns::That CJ spin move at the end was craaazy. Too bad he is barried on the bench.
mdupnic09::actually its a good thing hes buried on the bench, embarrassment of riches
thelakeshow77::Same 'ol Spurs.  Let's see if they can last through the playoffs this time.
Prometheus Guns::Nothing good to talk about SO THE LAKERS FANS HAVE TO TALK ON A SPURS BOBCATS BOARD!!! CLASSIC FLAKERS!!!
howdythere.::also i like how the lakers fan concedes that the Spurs will be in the playoffs...again
eototalt::The Lakers probably won't even be in the playoffs.
howdythere.::lol fakeshow
decker69::Depends if Pop decides to trust the bench in the playoffs.  And if they show up if he does.
decker69::Thank you :)
Prometheus Guns::Lol. Your so realistically pessimistic
Prometheus Guns::Four rings to say yes.    ALSO! How is 11th place? LMAO!!!
HDsportsjunkie::Jesus.. it doesn't seem to matter how "old" this Spurs team is, they always find a way to remain title contenders.  Not to mention they didn't have Ginobili.  Well done.
KevinJonesUTC::kidd-gilchrist a bust?
b735player::if he is playing like this 3 years from now then you can start calling him a bust
AGirlThatLovesSports_::He's not a bust.
Prometheus Guns::Waaaay too early
mdupnic09::he is the youngest kid in the nba, and its 18 games. might be a little early to be saying anything
decker69::Way too early to call that kid a bust.  First time I've seen him in the pros tonight.  He looked OK.
timetodienow1234567::I think Captain Jack is irrelevant if Leonard can stay healthy.
Prometheus Guns::Our you crazy? Defense defense defense.
sa_spursfan20::Captain Jack is never irrelevant.
howdythere.::true...i guess the money could be handled better but at least we are looking good so far
decker69::He's miles and miles better than RJ.
mdupnic09::i disagree
howdythere.::no way...i love his toughness it adds a lot
timetodienow1234567::You're right but he's making too much money. We could have legit help that we need for his salary. If he was making less, of course I'd want to keep him.
decker69::Tony has been playing special ball these last couple weeks.
howdythere.::he's playing as well as i have ever seen him play
Prometheus Guns::Spurs are making the rest of the league look like D leaguers. AND our two SFs are out hurt! Lol
howdythere.::exactly
howdythere.::forget containing Durant...too good
decker69::But Kawhi will have his moments against Durant.  He has a chance to be a guy that can give him some fits, maybe get some key stops.
decker69::Best the Spurs can hope for is similar to what they did with Dirk.  Make him work like crazy to get his points and freeze the other guys out.
timetodienow1234567::But without a much improved Leonard, I don't like our chances against OKC and Memphis. We need him healthy and improving.
decker69::I don't see Leonard containing Durant yet.  He's got a ways to go before he'll have a chance to do that.  But he might be able to in a few years.  They're going to have alot of battles in their careers.
timetodienow1234567::If Leonard can pick up his shooting and improve his defense(although he's pretty good already) I think we can contain Durant. We will have to let Westbrook do what he wants with Parker's ineptitudes on defense but if we shut down the rest and keep Westbrook shooting jumpers he'll be cold more often than not and we can win.
decker69::especially OKC.
howdythere.::yeah we may lose in the reg season but i prefer he be healthy for the playoffs and the rest of his career
howdythere.::i hope Pop rest his as long as he needs...dude is  a special player
Hoeesayy::When is Kahwi coming back?
Hoeesayy::Hope he's back soon. When Pop says that he wants Kahwi to be a Spur for life, that says a lot about what kind of player he can be in the future
decker69::He'll be re evaluated after this road trip.
timetodienow1234567::Bonner has become a high energy player. Before the only thing he brought to the table was a 3 point shot. Now he has that(which he can shoot from 28-35 feet consistently now) plus his defense has improved tremendously and now that he can rebound great I think he can do well in the postseason even if his shot isn't falling.
decker69::Yep, I'll believe it when I see it.  Bonner = Playoff Ghost
Prometheus Guns::Again true, but I have a feeling bonner might finally have it this season. I have always been with you on matty with post season expectations. For some reason ican see him contributing this post season. I know.  Calll me crazy
manoocena::he disappears in the playoffs.
timetodienow1234567::True, but I don't think that will be the case this year. He seems like a different player. I, for one, hope you're wrong.
decker69::Tony is ramping up his game in a big way.  If Manu finds his shot, it's even more trouble for the league.
howdythere.::Manu is coming of back spasms...he's just getting his normal game back
decker69::Yeah, it's taking him longer than normal to get his rhythm back.  Lord knows I'm rooting for him.
Prometheus Guns::Manu found it game number eight. Did you see him with three or four three pointers in thefirst tonight??
Hoeesayy::I was sitting 3 feet away from him when he hit that buzzer 3 against the Grizzlies to send that game into OT. Im with you, and I cant stand hearing Spurs fans saying that we should trade him.
decker69::I did see it tonight and I was thrilled.  I'm Manu's biggest fan.  But he's been very up and down, mostly down, with his shot so far.
decker69::Spurs continue their dominance on the boards.
timetodienow1234567::The most telling stat is 38 assists to only 18 for the bobcats.
decker69::**Bold prediction**  Nando will get a trip dub this year.
