91Gmoney9009::Ay someone grab the baby powder so I can slap Joe Johnson. I drafted him in the 4th round of my fantasy league and dude gets me 9 points? I love my Hawks, but we spent too much money on this dude. Trade him for someone that will score 20+ every game please.
Toomersforever::another good win for a real good hawks team. The birds just continue to impress. Good road trip!! GO Hawks!!
markpringle2003::Things are so much better when you have a true point guard.  Go hawks!
sinatrascue::if paul was around this team would have been .500 at least
CandySparker::I like Human Teague.
FingerRoleJoeTM::Bulls fans are hilarious ya'll..
GoonSquadd::The Horns need to develop these young guys. Starting line up should be-  1. Vasq 2. Gordon (when healthy) 3. Aminu 4. Landry 5. Ayon  Trade these worthless veterans and start over. Williams and Demps jobs are safe because there is no owner.  Ayon is # 7 in the entire LEAGUE in PER right now. In limited playing time. Let's see what he can do with more minutes and touches.
FingerRoleJoeTM::We'll take him!! Plus I'm pretty sure you should start Okafor
RonoSL550::Gordon doesn't want to be there, he's leaving for sure.
GoonSquadd::Then trade him. He hasn't even played.
thadiusbrownman::Looks like were trading Kaman. If the Hornets keep trading players for first round picks were going to be the entire draft.
thadiusbrownman::Don't forget Ariza haha, now if someone was dumb enough to trade a peanut butter sandwich for Belinelli I would take it.
J-SMOOVE2019::I would also trade Okafor for picks
J-SMOOVE2019::Teague and Horford for Deron WIlliams.  Then sign Rasheed Wallace..  2012 NBA CHAMPS
darrylwd1463::WTF... D Will is overrated and  Wallace, are you kidding me?  The Hawks have a roster now to make it farther in the playoffs than they've ever had.  I def can see a conf finals, even NBA finals possible if they don't have any further injuries, meaning they can take the No. seed, just stay healthy, NO MORE INJURIES!
FingerRoleJoeTM::Pls stop with that dumb $@% Rasheed Wallace $@%!
I_AINT_EVEN_MAD::WE AREN'T TRADING TEAGUE!!!!
Demonjoe93::I like how the Hawks blew out the Hornets just two days after the Hornets blew out the Magic. :)
Demonjoe93::Loved my Hawks in this game. GO HAWKS!
Bernard2317::Let's go Hawks!
I_AINT_EVEN_MAD::#MVTeague
loubillz718::i always root for my Hawks but next month thru march will be the real test. The schedule is going to be tough throughout the whole month. this is the month they have to step up and show everyone that they can beat good teams under pressure. if not they can easily hit .500. But i'm rooting for you guys. dont let me down!! Go HAWKSSSSS!
atlhawks27::oh lord shut up the hawks all ready vsed toughs teams and some of the teams you think will be tough has slumped latley
Joeschmo loves Heat::Second round team says what?
Demonjoe93::NOT ONE... NOT TWO...NOT THREE. lol, loser troll.
I_AINT_EVEN_MAD::Sir trolls a lot is back.  Yet I'm the "ignorant" one.  What a sad, sad poster.
atlhawks27::you suck
atlhawks27::atlanta just took a dump in this game
KeMvP277::Well good job atlanta. you guys got a good team.
WinningPicks6284::i had atlanta big...im a pro capper tho...you should join my site..my packages are 50% discounted for a limited time and im over 85% every year since i started in 2002. I was the head guy at procappers. my site is www.fadethebookie.com
WinningPicks6284::WWW.FADETHEBOOKIE.COM - GREAT SPORT HANDICAPPING WEBSITE...EVERYONE CHECK IT OUT. I HAVE GREAT PACKAGE DEALS FOR ALL BETTORS...RECREATIONAL AND PROFESSIONAL...JUST ADDED A NEW SUPERBOWL PACKAGE AND LOWERED ALL MY PACKAGES FOR A LIMITED AMOUNT OF TIME. SO HURRY UP.IM 62-15 IN THE PAST 7 WEEKS AND MY PACKAGES ARE GOING UP BY MONDAY.. I USED TO BE THE HEAD GUY AT PROCAPPERS.COM. NOW I RUN MY OWN SERVICE SO HURRY UP WHILE PRICES ARE DISCOUNTED  I LOWERED MY PRICES 50% FOR A LIMITED AMOUNT OF TIME
KeMvP277::This was slightly less embarrassing than i anticipated.
FingerRoleJoeTM::that speaks volumes...thats why your squad will be in Seattle soon
KeMvP277::Not true.
KeMvP277::How many washups do the hawks have on their team? Pargo, McGrady, stackhouse, collins, radmodovic, hinrich, jeez.
91Gmoney9009::KeMvP277 makes himself sound like he is brand new to the game of basketball. Lets take a vote, who would you rather have if you were a playoff contender: A smart veteran who wont turn the ball over and can still make clutch shots, or a 19 year old that forgets to tie his shoes before going on to the court? Idk about you but I'll take a seasoned vet over a teenager any day.
taylormenczynski::Couldnt tell, their bench must play just as poorly.
taylormenczynski::and they only lost the fourth by one shot... atlanta hawks bench = hornets startes
KeMvP277::Weird, hornets starters were out in the 4th too smart one.
FingerRoleJoeTM::i didn't see Gordon out there tonight..
cecheva2::ill take our scrubs over your team.
aftern9ne::I don't know, seems like the wash ups are doing a good job scraping off the competition from the bottoms of Joe and Josh's shoes.
taylormenczynski::How many of those washups scored against your team in the fourth?
KeMvP277::Congrats, they played the whole 4th quarter
FingerRoleJoeTM::how many of those are wash ups?   Collins and Stack...T Mac and Radman could start for your weak $@% squad..
KeMvP277::We could start them huh? so rado is better than Aminu and Ariza, t-mac is better than Gordon, that's weird.
FingerRoleJoeTM::this is payback for last season
Arun22236::I need 18 points in 3 Minutes, I don't think its possible
FingerRoleJoeTM::lol u only scored 18 in 1 quarter this whole game
J-SMOOVE2019::If we could get Deron Williams to sign an extension in a trade for Al and Teague, I would do it in a heartbeat.  Deron Williams and Joe Johnson would be the best backcourt in the NBA bar none.  We would still have Josh Smith and our bench would still be solid.  Then we could flip Kirk Hinrich for a big or just sign a big on the cheap like Rasheed Wallace.
cecheva2::ummmm teague/horford for williams, who's out if they don't get dwight, is a win for the nets
FingerRoleJoeTM::pls stop with the Rasheed foolishness...and you can't flip a backup PG for a big man..its not going to happen
KeMvP277::If the hornets win this game you all owe me 1billion dollars. :)
Dawgs_Forsyth::And if the Hawks win you owe everyone here 1 Billion
Dawgs_Forsyth::Ok you owe me one billion
KeMvP277::false
ShaneP504::If we win this game I just my nut myself lol
ShaneP504::Wonder what we'll get for Kaman
FingerRoleJoeTM::we'll throw in Ivan
FingerRoleJoeTM::we'll trade you back willie greene for him
ShaneP504::nah yall can keep Willie. Give us a first lol
KeMvP277::Stackhouse is still in the NBA?
jbfreeman62::3-1 on the roadtrip hoping to end it 4-1 on tuesday bye everybody
atlhawks27::hawks have the best bench just need to get rid of jerry stackhouse
espnsucksbowlingballs::not that i know as much as you guy's do. But espn keeps saying nuggets have the best bench? just saying what i heard watching the game the other night!!
jbfreeman62::He only plays in blowouts
atlhawks27::hornets are a good team they just vsed us on the wrong night
KeMvP277::thank you sir, but they are not a good team. the future is very bright though.
ShaneP504::Bad game for my Hornets. good job hawks yall killed us.
jbfreeman62::It's tough when our bench is playing this way, bench may have scored more than starters
ShaneP504::I know bro and lets just hope we bounce back. We should have a nice draft tho
FingerRoleJoeTM::Trade Al?  For who?
Dawgs_Forsyth::1996 MJ?
FingerRoleJoeTM::Ivan Johnson has a nice touch
jbfreeman62::He does he has a high ceiling with us.
J-SMOOVE2019::I dont want to sound like an idiot, but we are doing very well without Horford.  I think we should trade Horford for something good.
jbdb1225::Besides With AL Gone That Means More Jason Collins Mins Nd He Is Not Useful Till Dwight Comes To Play
Alabamarolls4 14::Al adds depth. I hope he doesn't go anywhere.
jbfreeman62::Our schedule has been relatively light w/o horford so far we'll see how rough it gets starting in feb
falconsfan0125::Al Horford is our best player. You will see that if he doesn't come back for playoffs.
atlhawks27::you wasnt saying that when horford got injuired ive said soon as he got injuired the hawks will do just fine
falconsfan0125::Whats up with you and trades man? Every damn post you  make is about a trade.
FingerRoleJoeTM::our bench is better than NO's starters
jbdb1225::Think Hawks Draft A True Center This Year Wud Be Nice To Find A Steal Say Like Deandre Jordan
jbfreeman62::True but he is still young time to improve much cheaper than paying someone else
jbdb1225::Crawford2 Seem To Have Been Struggling This Year In Washington
KeMvP277::It's only b/c he has to shoot a lot because that team is a joke.
falconsfan0125::Hawks have only drafted 3 good players in the 2000's. Josh Smith, Al, and Jeff Teague. Needless to say, they can't draft
KeMvP277::You have a true center...
jbdb1225::Team Would Be That Much Better With A Deep Frontcourt Adding A True Center /Or Trade options Come Into Play
jbfreeman62::I hope so, but he is a natural 4 and smoove should play the 3
KeMvP277::your starting lineup is perfect as teague Johnson williams smith horford. If al's back for the playoffs, you guys will probably make a run.
jbfreeman62::Horford is def not a true center he is a pf
jbfreeman62::The Hawks draft team are pretty much the worst in the NBA and then we waste our picks, like trading crawford2 last year
J-SMOOVE2019::Magic got hammered.  Dwight should be traded very soon.
J-SMOOVE2019::Celtics lost to the Cavs
Alabamarolls4 14::If Minnesota wasn't actually doing well this year, New Orleans may be able to get the top 2 picks.
Alabamarolls4 14::If the NBA had let them do the deal for Kevin Martin, Odom, and Scola you guys would be VERY competitive.
KeMvP277::THIS year, probably next year, but the deal we got sets us up as the new Thunder.
KeMvP277::Hornets will get a top 5 pick with their own and a mid-late lottery pick w/ the t-wolves.
falconsfan0125::The difference between this year and last? Jeff Teague.
jbfreeman62::If Horford can get back for the playoffs I do
Alabamarolls4 14::Do you believe this year?
Alabamarolls4 14::It all depends on who we play. If we could get Orlando or Boston in round 1, I like our chances. Orlando will be in shambles, and Boston will be running up the court dead. In the second round, idk who I would rather have, Miami or Chicago, bbecause it will be one of them.
Dawgs_Forsyth::I expect a first round series win and maybe even second round series win Once the Hawks get there then I'll start to believe that they can take it all
falconsfan0125::nope. Hoping for a second round win. Expecting a first round exit.
falconsfan0125::I was kinda hoping that Teague would go for 30.
FingerRoleJoeTM::no point
falconsfan0125::Yea i guess. Game is over
FingerRoleJoeTM::not a single comment from a Hornets fan...they should move to Seattle
FingerRoleJoeTM::lol you are literally the 1st one
KeMvP277::hey man im here
J-SMOOVE2019::Ivan Johnson reminds me of Reggie Evans
KeMvP277::Draft Barnes with our pick in the draft, if hes not there then kidd-gilchrist. Use Aminu as a backup, trade ariza for more assets, w/ the t-wolves pick draft a big man or if gordon leaves bradley beal or Jeremy Lamb.
Alabamarolls4 14::The Hornets should put in Squeaky
jbfreeman62::Gotta love Ivan Johnson's hustle.  He comes into the game and we go on a huge run
falconsfan0125::Joe had a terrible game tonight just as I predicted. Look for him to go HAM on Tuesday night
Dawgs_Forsyth::Well ole Willie came out of nowhere
carltonrulesmelbourne::need 47 for the OVER - any chance ?
espnsucksbowlingballs::i agree with falcon! but sometimes you gotta take a shot to put steak on the table instead of hamburger on the table!!!
Dawgs_Forsyth::LOL Gambling is fine as long as you're good at it
falconsfan0125::haha. I gamble sometimes. But only with money that i can afford to lose.
falconsfan0125::Gambling is for losers. get a real job.
falconsfan0125::Dream Team, lol.
eaglesfan1723::Do it for fun not as a job. You are the loser
falconsfan0125::Who says Teague was injured?
jbdb1225::Umm Willie Green ?!
atlhawks27::wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwillie green fo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FingerRoleJoeTM::showing new orleans what they are missing
KeMvP277::not really missing his inconsistency
