DontDenyTruth::15K fans for an NBA Game!! Maybe we are spoiled here in Orlando, but why would Dwight want to go to a team that can only put a little over 15k in the stands. The last home game we had against the 76ers our attendance was almost 19k (18,846)!
BowenDT71::JJ REDICK. That is all.
gmenballing::Wow what is with the nets with their slow 1st quarter starts? It pisses me off everytime. They fall down by a lot but then it always stays the same like this game. Besides the 1st quarter the scoring in the last 3 quarters was even.
joseojr21::NJ nets fan here... lets hope the magic hold off on trading howard so we can sign him in free agency... I really like Brooks... i would hate for him to go.
treebeard431::WTF is going on up there in Bristol?
treebeard431::ESPN, you're killing me here!  Could you show even more of a disinterest in that team?   Two nights ago, the NJ Nets took out the leagues' new golden boy and his team, Jeremy Lin and the Knicks, quite easily, and tonight the Orlando Magic walk all over  NJN, and  Sportcenter's first 17 minutes lineup is 5 minutes on Knicks/Heat, then Lakers/Mavs, Nuggets/Clippers, Tiger Woods, something called Met his Match?, Celtics/Thunder, something called Awesome Twosome, Fans Want Superman, which I'm assuming might be about D12, and Career1st for Noah...Not a freaking mention specifically about Orlando taking the NJN nets down by almost 20...     Search the ESPN home page, there is not mention one of the keywords Orlando or Magic, I dare you to go look. Do a ctrl&gt;f and look, as of 8:30 Thursday AM!   Sure, they play a little uneven, but they're freakin' 22-12, people! You're letting that damned Stuart Scott's hatred for the town seep into your coverage!
heatsuck456::the miami heat suck dick and d-wade lebron and chris bosh can all get shuved up a $@%!$'s $@% hole they are all gay and suck horse dick
WhyUHatin47::Read my name
heatsuck456::Miami heat are amazing
heatsuck456::FUC.CK the heat they are all $@%'s
heatsuck456::I LOVE IT WHEN YOU SUCK MY DICK, I LOVE IT WHEN YOU LICK MY BALLS
heatsuck456::i wish you would be qiet $@%! all of you and your comment's orlando is the best\
1OtownGuy::I WISH PEOPLE OUTSIDE OF ORLANDO REALLY UNDERSTOOD HOW FAR DISNEY IS FROM DOWNTOWN ORLANDO
heatsuck456::what does this have to do with anything?
1OtownGuy::People act like its a place you pass on a daily basis in the heart of Orlando. No its far away and tucked behind a bunch of trees and long wide roads. Thats after you take I4 for about 30 or 40 min
MagicBoltzRays::True. Disney is nearly 20 miles south of downtown.
markos kolioulis::f.uck dwight he needs chicago more then chicago needs him
heatsuck456::hey F.UCK you mother F.UCKER all you ARE IS A FAT PEICE OF s.hit AND YOU CAN SUCK MY DICK YOU STUPID BITC.H
rayfinkle29::mickey mouse and goofy suck. how much does that grind your gears orlando? and espn as well?
Christopher83483::oddly enough not that much. would you like to try again?
mvp18pm::Jameer is a sorry excuse for a point guard and also JJ Redick should've been starting ages ago.
D12ONYA::You're nucking futs. Jameer is solid yo.
heatsuck456::HEY b.itch YOU KNOW ABSOLUTELY KNOW NOTHING ABOUT BASKETBALL YOUR A FAT LAZY EXUSE FOR A HUMAN BEING AND YOU LOOK LIKE DIARIGHAH COMIN OUT OF A HORSES A.SS HOLE YOU STUPID BI.TCH
Christopher83483::reddick is down right nasty shooting off a screen. he is literally automatic. if only he were in the 3 point shoot out as well....
venerican1::wow NJ fans are really dumb. magic have the option to trade to LA or NJ or any team willing to rent D12 (golden state was interested). they can allow each team to offer their best package, and if both packages dont sound good enough, you can just let him walk or do a sign and trade at the end of the season. Either for players or for cap space (which in that case dallas will be all over D12). so yes magic dont have any leverage per say. but the lakers have leverage on NJ just like NJ has leverage on LA. magic wont settle for a sh*t deal.
zachrlee::Deron Williams didn't circle this date. He should circle every date in the calendar, so he can shoot 8 3-pointers and win games.
DoubleCheeseWinkle123::Oh Please.
MetropolitanFan::If we had Hump maybe we would have won..but anyway Avery  does not have the defensive mindset to be a good coach!! FIRE HIM!! Hire a more defensive coach!!Not to mention it seems like he is just not reaching these guys!!
csmeech::next you'll be telling me the Mets will win the NL east
Christopher83483::or that this will be the year for the cubs
csmeech::Doesn't matter.  That is all irrelevant.  Back to the point.  The nets are terrible.  This is the best they can do without true starters
MetropolitanFan::It is the facts..the East is JV compared to the West!!! I never said my team is great or are contenders...i just said it is better than this!   Those teams in the west are legit 1-8 i could picture any of them winning the title! But in the east i can only see the Heat or Bulls winning the title!
csmeech::So all of these terrible teams are beating your Nets.  What does that say about them?
csmeech::Oh please.  give me  break.  Now you are just acting childish
MetropolitanFan::Yeah the Magic are contenders  because the East sucks!! Only two elite teams in the East and that is the heat and the Bulls! All the elite teams are in the west
csmeech::Deron himself said “There’s no secret about that. There’s not many starters on our team right now. We have a lot of great role players, a lot of guys who know their job, but in this league you need some top-tier guys so you can get the job done
csmeech::Well, the reality is that they are that bad
csmeech::It's not the coaches fault.  You just have horrible players.
MetropolitanFan::That is excuses!! No we are not this bad....i am not saying we should  should be 15 games over 500 but i think this team is totally capable of being a 500 team or a little below!!! Not this bad!!!
csmeech::No way you could win this game.  Magic are a contender.  Nets aren't even close
Miami Refs Fan::Where will Dwight head to after the season when the Magic don't trade him?
Christopher83483::his house in longwood
rjagz10::i sat in the stands with my D12 jersey on listening to "we want Dwight" chants...music to my ears...GREAT GAME NETS bahahahahaha
csmeech::Wow. That is one terrible baskeball team
rjagz10::i loved every minute of this beatdown
MagicBoltzRays::The Nets are Garbage.
yousername::i miss the days when jameer was an all star and turkoglu was an all star snub. im sure howard does too, but i think defense around the league has stepped up since 2009. plus hedo and jameer arent as consistent as they were that year. maybe they just need 20 or so more games to get back into things. they might look old but at least they dont look as bad as the celtics as far as contenders go.
Christopher83483::the difference between now and then between those two players is that in 09 when they were playing really well, if not amazing, they were having fun out there on the court smiling and having a good time. Now they just look like they are under pressure.
DTangMF::Orl is one All-Star Guard away from becoming a Championship Contender. New Jersey one All-Star Center and couple experienced quality role players away.
trizzo23::no they had dirk...he is not on magic or nets...chrissy...i mean some people....''sighs''
Chris31708::I know that brah, still I don't recall the Mavericks PG being anything special, and besides the Magic have been championship contenders for 4 years now, have you been hiding under a rock during that timeframe, Tricko23 or whatever you go by?   Or are you just like the other idiots on here and just bring up what happened last year to come to the theory they aren't championship contenders, that means the Mavericks were never championship contenders until last year because they lost in the 1st round too, right?  Some people *sighs*
Chris31708::The Mavericks Guard was an all-star last year right?  *Sighs* I tell you, some people.
tommyspinelli::lol at nets fans wavig theyre pom poms for dwight howard, they aint gettin' him.
Alex Bader::What if we traded Dwight and built the team around Anderson? Just look at the Nuggets..
D12ONYA::Anderson could be the next Dirk. I believe it.
DTangMF::Anderson is no Gallonari
stevehosid::If Otis Smith would get off his a** and bring in a super point guard like the star in Jersey...Dwight stays here....I know.. lets throw in Jameer, Reddick and "that golden scribe"  Bianchi
treebeard431::Managers screwing us over go back a long way, DTangMF, John Gabriel kept ripping the guts out of every lineup that could have given O'Neal the supporting cast he needed, and shaq walked.   Personally, I think Gabriel had loyalties to Philly still from his early days, and decided to sabotage us just for sh!ts and giggles.  Otis has no excuse; he played here &amp; we had every reason to believe he wouldn't turn traitor on us.
trizzo23::and if dwight would have commited...maybe otis could have done something
DTangMF::Otis is dumb sticking with Jameer when CP3 said in public that he would like to team up with Dwight in Orlando last season... this GM is getting Orlando no where.
trollslayer14::otis smith blew that when he got ur team in cap hell. magic have no tradeable assets besides howard. anderson is a stud, but u dont wana move him.
Alex Bader::STAY DWIGHT
Michael Bibby X::LOL @ Brook Lopez with 4 rebounds in 28 minutes  Why would anyone want this guy?
csmeech::After that performance I don't think the magic want him....Laker deal looks sweeter after watching this sorry group
trollslayer14::he is a very good offensive center. guy has great post moves and has an outside shot. 20 ppg last year/ he has to work on his rebounding, and has packed on muscle in the off season. dwight is a beast, he will rip a lot more boards against other centers.  He is also 23, he will continue to improve. when the magic get him ewing can really help him grow.
mdtuzo::only his second start since his injury. lets give him a couple of games please.
Michael Bibby X::We gave him 82 last year, and he barely got over 6 per game. The dude just doesn't rebound, you can see that there are plenty of guys on the floor that want it more than he does.
mdtuzo::love jersey, but i cant wait for barclays center to open. gonna be sick
thegreatone11x::Driving there yea will be bad but they have a new subway station with lirr and a Ton of lines that let off right across the street
trollslayer14::yeaa cant wait. commute to get there will suck but its worth it. bk is bringing in the stars like d12. nets play like crap at the rock too.
mikeyjm1412::Good game orlando. We will see who has howard on the March 16... Nets vs. orlando...
tampasportsrule::Would Magic fans do a LeBron for Howard trade straight up ?
Christopher83483::or would he say "its finally great to be in the second round." with a game to play in the first round and then disappear the next 3 games.
Christopher83483::not bitter about this...at all
mdtuzo::he might turn into tmac
Christopher83483::you mean he would score 30 points a game and then fall asleep on defense, and once or twice kick a ball into the stands?
mikeyjm1412::It would be a bad move. It would be the caveliers of 06-11 again but for the magic
trollslayer14::not gonna happen but im sure they would
UFKinnear::Yes, he is a great player.  I would hate having to cheer for him though.
DTangMF::Bynum or Lopez?
Christopher83483::how about neither. both are fragile as can be and have humongous holes in their games.
trollslayer14::tang talk to the blazers about greg oden b4 u risk taking bynum
DTangMF::I'll take Bynum simply because Orl's offensive strategy, take Lopez you might need a new coach too.
trollslayer14::i say lopez just cause the injury factor. i admit bynum is better but his knees are made of glass. he never played a full season in his career
mdtuzo::id cautiously pick bynum, he can be better that dwight is imo
thekola::honestly, i would take bynum but the nets have way more to add to a trade (i.e. draft picks, cap sapce)
mikeyjm1412::bynum
mikeyjm1412::Howard would be better on a more established team that has a point guard, a power forward, a small guard and a small forward in place.
Christopher83483::he pretty much has all those things in orlando. his point guard is just slumping at the moment.
trizzo23::so magic with dwill works
mdtuzo::well can can all agree on one thing: neither d-will of howard are going to the Fakers.
trizzo23::i see dwight and nelson opt out...dwight signs for 15..saving 4 mill nelson takes 3 year 15 mil to come off bench save 4 mill ..trade duhon and a pick send  3 mill for a pick saving 4 mill....trade jrich to minn for a future pick  gives magic 15 mil to give dwill
trollslayer14::yep which makes the nets odds all that much better. its nets or mavs and dallas has NO tradeable assets
tampasportsrule::Speaking of Beyonce...I had a dream I was a bicycle she was riding while she took the long bumpy road home.
trollslayer14::now ur saying shes hot and u have wet dreams about her. b4 ur saying y would he want to play where she is??? make up ur mind u jobber
tampasportsrule::You people think Dwight wants to be where Beyonce is ?
Christopher83483::in jay-z's pants?
trollslayer14::u see dwight run up to jay-z after the game? dwight clearly looks up to him and is a fan, and im sure would love to play for him
mdtuzo::....yes?
mikeyjm1412::Beat the heat! Beat the heat!  -Knick fans
mikeyjm1412::No. No I have not. I was just watching the Knicks game and they were shouting it towards the end of the game.
jVillaNyC::why are u here? lol u had to much of lin?
tampasportsrule::dh, d-will have a shot to play with dirk then they will take it. plus dwight dont like the cold weather...and d-will plays in his hometown.
mdtuzo::living in manhattan &gt; living anywhere in texas
mikeyjm1412::I heard texas is boring
trollslayer14::dwight wants the bright lights, what dont u understand about that? nyc is the best city in the world, and bball is huge here. brooklyn is where he wants to be, and its what is going to happen
thekola::exactly. d12 hates the cold weather which is why he put Brooklyn on the short list
thekola::another chris broussard. what is all this based on outside of your mind?
UFKinnear::He has said he hates cold weather.  I agree that will have next to no factor in where he signs, but as of today everyone's guess is just as good or factual as the next
thekola::my point is that the nets fans optimism is based on something he said. then someone else comes out and says he hates cold weather based on nothing.
UFKinnear::He even said Orlando
UFKinnear::So is Dallas and LA, whats your point?
thekola::um, no. how about d12 putting them on a short list with his own mouth?
UFKinnear::Its the same basis that Net fans say DH is going to play for the Nets
DTangMF::Gortat or Lopez?
WRONGonRED::Gortat can rebound.
DTangMF::I think Nets would have been a lot better with Gortat in the Middle then Lopez, Gortat know how to play with great passers.
DTangMF::I think depend on which PG u have
thekola::i dunno what people dont get abotu 20 pt. avg. im not talking abotu 20 pts in a game. im taking averaging that nigth after night
trollslayer14::HAHAHA @ that being a serious question
mikeyjm1412::Lopez...
mdtuzo::easy
tampasportsrule::Magic will let Dwight play it out this year and see how far they can get in the playoffs. Then they will allow him to go for nothing next season. You can GUARANTEE that. Otis wants it to be on DH when he leaves..not on him.
DTangMF::If that happens, Nets might be the 4th best team in the East~
UFKinnear::As a magic fan I want him to walk.  In 09 we weren't supposed to do much in the playoffs but got to the finals,  Why not take a shot one last time.    I love how Net fans are so confident he will sign, its just as likely DH and DW sign with Dallas.
mdtuzo::im confident in d-will staying. i think howard could agree to an extension with the magic... i dont really even want howard as much as most net fans do
trollslayer14::dwill marshon kidd-gilchrest(draft pick) lopez howard. starting line up next year if dwight walks away/
trollslayer14::i hope that happens. as a net fan this season is lost anyway. let him come here for nothing we keep lopez and our draft picks and brooks
mdtuzo::obviously brooklyn isnt manhattan. newark isnt manhattan but thats where deron lives.
UFKinnear::He has also said LA and Dallas and at one point Chicago
trollslayer14::dwill will NOT leave if dwight wants to come here, dwight has made every indication that brooklyn is his desired destination. so y would they both go to dallas when dwight comes here and they r both happy in bk
Cane635::Brooklyn isnt Manhattan and Knicks are always bigger than Nets
mdtuzo::i know mavs are in derons hometown, but hes not leaving manhattan for fucking dallas lmao
tampasportsrule::troll as shocking as this may be i am afraid nj will lose both d-will and dh to the mavs.
trollslayer14::nets get smoked, but i think lopez and brooks passed their auditions.  lopez scored 15 on the best defensive center in the nba in limited minuites and marshon went off for 24. he is a rookie and will be a big time player in the nba for many years. lopez+ marshon+picks should be plenty to land dwight. we can throw in another player if we have to
thegreatone11x::Why is Dallas this big landing zone and let's also go thru what needs to happen Dallas for that fairy tale for that to happen... Go read ken berger's article they can clear max 29 mil n that's if everything goes their way in being able to trade carter Marion by march 15 ..amnesty Haywood etc etc... N say it does break the mavs way n they do clear to get to 29 mil they r still 3 mil short of offering 2 max deals. Also dirk isn't getting any younger either turning 34 in June and will be 35 for 1st yr of  their contracts... I don't see it. I see swill re-upping in bk n Dwight coming aboard
DTangMF::Dwight will go either Lakers or Dallas, they have more championship hope
Cane635::not saying he stays in Orlando, just dont think he goes to Nets
mikeyjm1412::Any other trade teams for dwight howard?
Cane635::Kola, dwight isnt going to Nj
trollslayer14::u keep saying this, yet u have nothing to back it up with. has dwight made every indication that he wants to leave orlando? YES. has dwight made every indication that brooklyn is his desired destination? YES no go to bed
thekola::whatever you say broussard
jVillaNyC::wow i would not trade marshon brooks and brook lopez + picks for some1 who can walk away their team if we wait half a season ...
thekola::thank you.
thekola::frankly, i dont wanna give up brooks. shouldnt have to. Magic have NO LEVERAGE.
csmeech::of course they have leverage.  He can go to the lakers.  Then, the Nets lose Dwill and become a high school team
trollslayer14::i dont either. he is a future star. if otis smith payed any attention 2nite tho, he will want him included in any deal
mdtuzo::if brooks has to be included, i would reject the deal, idgaf
Cane635::Dwight will not go to Brooklyn, maybe Dallas
thekola::antoher chris broussard fabricating stories.
trollslayer14::a rookie that is a pure scorer. he is a future star in the nba. lopez is a 20 ppg center that just put up 15 on the best defensive center in the nba in very limited mins and is still rusty.
Cane635::top player in league cannot be had for a rookie and avg center
mdtuzo::^are you dumb?
Cane635::D League?
thekola::hes gonna be had for nothing if otis smith not careful.
mdtuzo::lopez is one of the top centers in the league
theprodctz::Flagged for posting blatant falsities
tampasportsrule::Folks it don't matter if JJ,  Michael, or Thelma is playing tomorrow night. The Hawks will still WIN. Why ? Because plain and simply they OWN the Magic. They play lockdown d and contain the Magic 3 point shooters. Expect a boring game tomorrow night with a final score of 83 -77 in favor of the Hawks.
mjedwards95::Well the Hawks D is like the Nets because when the Heat came to visit what happened?
mjedwards95::Alright if the Hawks D is so good than why are they getting stomped on by the Knicks? You know Joe Johnson is out for the Magic game right? Out for the All Star Game to
tampasportsrule::The Heat have LBJ and D Wade. Next.
mjedwards95::Sorry man but the Magic will destroy the Hawks in a revenge game and I will be at that game to witness it. Magic 104 Hawks 84
tampasportsrule::Son you need to rethink that 104 for the Magic. This ain't the Nets on d.
thekola::Picking up Lopez, a couple picks and dumping duhon and hedo isnt too bad a deal. Orlando gets a solid center and draft picks and cap space to build with. alternative is to lose d12 for nothing.
Cane635::let him walk, I dont want Lopez
trollslayer14::let him walk like they did shaq. get NOTHING. magic have no leverage thats what these dumb fans dont understand.
Cane635::on a bad team, plays no D, runs like a girl
thekola::whats the alternative for the magic?/
theprodctz::&gt;Lopez &gt;Solid center  Choose one
Cane635::LOL, thata a horrid deal.Lopez suks
thekola::he avg. 20 pts a game last year.
mikeyjm1412::At least the only lost by 17...
mikeyjm1412::The knicks are crushing the hawks by 20!
DatBoy64::It's not what u think it is.  Melo is still ATTROCIOUS
mikeyjm1412::They are about to put their starters back in...
theprodctz::The Knicks are actually letting them back into the game
Masta Da Magician::Magic are going to crush the Hawks tomorrow. I guarantee.
dave19741997::Here's hoping.....
Lc-hunter86::I hope....
kuiksilva90::With Joe Johnson out, yeah, it's likely.
tampasportsrule::Dude never make a guarantee. It doesn't look good.
WRONGonRED::Dwill to the Magic.
DatBoy64::Who is Dwill?
WRONGonRED::*rolls eyes* oh no i'm shaking in my internet boots. sorry they don't have basketball in st louis. thats all you get lol
DatBoy64::OK... thanks man... It was so easy for you to just be like "Hey man, I'm sorry.  You're right.  I didn't have to revert to name-calling cuz you simply asked an honest question."  Now you pay
WRONGonRED::lmao get real, i'm not apologizing to somebody who is on a basketball forum who doesn't know who one of the stars of the game was.. go back to your hockey forum.
DatBoy64::OK Wrong, I'll give ya 2 minutes to apologize for your insult.  Clock is ticking.  And if you don't, I can promise you that you'll be sorry.  There was no reason in the world to insult someone for a simple question, &amp; if u don't apologize, you're gonna pay for that
WRONGonRED::deron williams, ya dunce.
mdtuzo::if the nets were willing to trade him, i still couldnt see him going there. you have nothing we want besides dwight
mdtuzo::....right
theprodctz::Sure ya do... I think Hedo and Q-Rich would be great fits for Newark
thekola::just because you live in disneyland doesnt mean all dreams come true.
WRONGonRED::when you are at the bottom, everything is up
mdtuzo::things are looking up for the nets...
WRONGonRED::better than living in the nightmare that is called the nets
1OtownGuy::Did i just see dwight give dap to jay z?
theprodctz::Deron for Hedo straight up?
thekola::please.
Jamariisawesome::Everybody that said the nets were gonna win are stupid.
MagicBoltzRays::Three Stars 1. Howard 2. Big Baby 3. Anderson
mdtuzo::where are the other two?
