Bryant0086::I don't put too much into SA beating a team with a losing record, but EVERY team in the NBA is dangerous. I really think that SA will, at worst fall to number two in the West by the time play-offs come around.     Bryant
8486Chase::Breaking news: Pete Rose has been banned for life from the MSS!!!
luvnbayes::Hats off to Corey Joseph for playing with passion and poise, and to Pop for starting him.  Based on his 2 games since being brought up from the D-League, I think he truly is ahead of de Colo and should be starting.   The Spurs had NINE players last night with multiple assists.  Pretty impressive.
madrigaljuan24::I love the spurs, but we beat the pistons, not much to say there, once we beat an elite team without parker then ill be excited!
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::When Tony struggles, the Spurs cannot score.  --- i remember spurs almost winning against heat at their home, the game pop was fined for benching his starters, parker included.
masongates87::No Slam_Dunk comments??? man, he must be giving up at this point
luvnbayes::Last night goes right to the core of my 12 year love/hate affair with Parker.  When he doesn't play the ball movement becomes so much better.  Every game that Parker has missed this year it has been awesome.  Parker is the one player with sticky fingers on the team.  And I'm not saying the Spurs are better without Parker, they are not.  But if Parker could play the way the rest of the team does, the Spurs would have been that much better.  How many possessions has Parker dribbled for the entire shot clock in his career?  How many times did that happen last night?  (The answers are countless and zero).
spursdcmdva::Parker is the only guy penetrating at times. He has to have sticky fingers so the ball movement can work. If there is no inside, there is surely no outside game
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::yes, the good thing about this injury is to show him that when spurs move the ball it boosts the confidence of the whole team. they are unbeatable when ball is searching for the perfect opportunity and he is also dropping shots whenever he wants and team needs.
spursdcmdva::I said this would happen. The Spurs will beat some sucky teams and the fan base will go nuts and totally forget that we were handled in PHX. The Spurs are pretty much the same team as last year ( A little better tho). When Tony struggles, the Spurs cannot score.
spursdcmdva::I'm just not convinced thats all. Green and Bonner are no where to be found in big games
luvnbayes::First of all, the Spurs are DEFINITELY better this year. Splitter and Leonard have both improved immeasurably, and that's the reason.  Yes, the Spurs struggle to score when Parker struggles.  But if he would just move the ball instead of dominating it this would not be case.
spursdcmdva::The problem is that Ginobili is no longer a slasher. You watch all the games, so I know that you notice how out of sorts these guys look when chased of the 3 pt line.
mkwan0::spursdcmdva - I said this would happen. The Spurs will beat some sucky teams and the fan base will go nuts and totally forget that we were handled in PHX. The Spurs are pretty much the same team as last year ( A little better tho). When Tony struggles, the Spurs cannot score.  Spurs are pretty c;ose to what they were last year...and last year they were barely out of the finals.  A few bounces here and there, a better adjustment by Pop when Sefolsha was covering Parker, Ibaka not having his best game ever...and the Spurs win it in five or six.  People keep talking about last year as if the Spurs were a mile away.  They were inches, at most.
spursdcmdva::I'll give you that
mkwan0::spursdcmdva - I'm not saying that they cannot make it, but folks are making to much of a blowout win against the lowly Pistons. Okc is a really good team defensively and still have enough talent to beat us. Inaddition, folks think we are leaps and bounds better than the Heat-keep dreaming  Every win from here on out is important.  No one thinks that the Spurs are just as good without parker as with, but it is good to see the Spurs take care of business, in convincing fashion, in his absence.
spursdcmdva::I'm not saying that they cannot make it, but folks are making to much of a blowout win against the lowly Pistons. Okc is a really good team defensively and still have enough talent to beat us. Inaddition, folks think we are leaps and bounds better than the Heat-keep dreaming
BuckeyeSwag101::The Spurs are clearly the best team in the NBA. Anyone else notice that they had 35 ast? They are so deep that there is no way to diminish them. They just lost their best player, and they are the same team. Coaching is also a huge part.
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::spurs are heat`s ultimate nightmare
Jackson Zeller::The spurs are going all the way no matter what!!!
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::never understimate the refs against big market teams and poster boys like cp3, durant and lebron
Jackson Zeller::The Spurs won. YES
DalvinSplit::Take out any other team Best player for the month ,and then we can talk how you doing ? Spurs are just awesome.  Imagine Le bron is out for month or Durant is out for month  , were this teams will be ???? Adjusments  &amp; lead by coach Popovich is just unbelivable .How players play hard for him !!?  By all means Go Spurs Go .
Egr_Troll_Nation_4.1::Oh no......next game ain't till Wednesday...it'll be boring nut watching the Spurs....Goooooooooooooooooooo!!!!! Spurs!!!!! Goooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!  Is it Wednesday yet?
Egr_Troll_Nation_4.1::not*
LeBron James MVPX4::Got to hand it to the Spurs though. 114 points with TP out. 8 players with at least 8 points. Not too shabby.
8180MAURICE::ANYONE COULD HAVE DONE THAT TO THE PISTONS LAST NIGHT.  THEY ARE A JOKE IN THE EASTERN CONFERENCE.
Jackson Zeller::Oh yes. The WEST Conference is where it is(The BEST in the WEST SA Spurs)
KwameBrownIsGOAT::The eastern conference is a joke itself, kid.
jordan was overrated::2007  last time spurs won the west  they've underachieved in the playoffs every year since then due to the lack of talent. that system is great for the regular season but you won't beat the better teams when it counts
swawakening::How can you be one of 4 teams left standing and say you "underachieved"?
No-account drifter::Isn't it a contradiction in terms to say "underachieved ... due to the lack of talent"? The real point, then, is that they overachieve in the regular season - without really trying, given that nobody treats the regular season with less urgency than Pop. The key here is that the Spurs give themselves the best available chance, year in and year out.
Jevers10::This is like how people say the Patriots obviously can't win without cheating since they haven't won a Super Bowl since the whole spy-gate thing. Are you kidding me? They're one of the best teams every year. Do you know how unbelievably  hard it is to win a championship? I'd say 2 of the Spurs' most talented teams finished the season with a loss ('04 and '06).  And because they lost in 6 games in the WCF last year they "underachieved"?   I don't want to be an overly-defensive homer here, but c'mon, man. Yes, they lost in the first round to Memphis a couple years ago, but two trips to the conference finals in the last 5 years isn't exactly bad. Most franchises would kill to be critiqued the way people talk about the Spurs.
Child_Prodigy1982::This year, Heat vs Spurs finals. Lebron gets his redemption!
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Maybe LeBron will do better than shooting 35% from the field for the series and not get swept again.
nyghtmareinmi2::San Antonio,  Here's our $@%!$.  Signed, Detroit
ThunderHornz::Ouch.
Ivanov21::Spurs remembered that loss in Detroit a few weeks ago and made sure the Pistons will remember this one!
Rudy_rush20::Spurs 2013 champs
Thats Enough Skip1.5::Spurs. Best team in NBA. Period.  Just wait until the playoffs when everybody's ready to go...
slam_dunk_on_u::Parker for MVP???  LOL  little french punk try to play some game before faking injuries...then again this punk has carriied the load for the flopper and the tiin man...
Thats Enough Skip1.5::congrats on getting to .500 out there in LA.  we've been above that since we were 1-0.
slam_dunk_on_u::Feel sorry for the spurts...Parker going down..there goes your season......I hope you finally realized my predidiction...without Parker you aint kaka...
Ivanov21::U still unemployed ??
HotdogSalesman2012::..
Hollerationatory::huh? I think it's trying to communicate with us. Now, everyone, rub your stomachs and pat your heads at the same time and see if it responds.
slam_dunk_on_u::huh?
jf20219::Congrats on the Lakers being at .500, too bad they won't be after next game..
slam_dunk_on_u::you wish you could have beaten that suns team at home ...
slam_dunk_on_u::Fear the Lakers...then again the spurts may not be there in the early round
slam_dunk_on_u::and beating the bottom feeders ...mean crap..
slam_dunk_on_u::then again you are kaka
bowen649::im glad the spurs dont get the attention they deserve because it keeps us hungry... we dont need the spotlight on our way to our (16th or 17th i cant remember) straight 50 win season. Kawhi and Danny are a lot more developed this year and i think the parker injury will allow ginobli to get his game back while giving players like cory joseph some more confidence before he makes his way on the team... Injuries are always blessings in disguise for the spurs
Thats Enough Skip1.5::The whole "lul them to sleep and just keep on winning" trait that the Spurs posses is what I love about them the most.  No Top 10 highlights, no trash tweeting amongst players, just sound fundamental basketball that nobody can stop.  Love it.  No matter how much people don't want to admit it, the Spurs are the best team.  And the only reason to say that Parker doesn't deserve the MVP is because his team keeps on winning while he's hurt.
FightinMs::anyone who thinks the spurs are boring dont like basketball... could watch them play all day, joy to watch
ThunderHornz::Sheesh-I don't LIKE the Spurs but honestly, there should be highlights. The ballet of basketball. They play like its a timed choreographed dance. Good stuff there! I think we can all kiss the MVP goodbye- they will give it to LBJ.  Respectfully, Dedicated Thunder fan who can appreciate what your team does
pistonfanstill::Blame the Pistons players all u want Detroit fans.  Gore made the announcement with the hiring of Frank; "We are not serious about winning."  Frank talks a great game if u r a clueless owner like Gore and the Nets. Keep thinking what if we had Lebron or CP3 or Melo.  Take a look at the Pacers.  Hoosier Groupie Frank had every opportunity to be hired there.
GodofAcid::Spurs fans are funny after the refs handed them the win tonight. That's the only way they were winning this game and they know it.  Go Pistons!
dannygue::Your right.  The refs handed them at least 73 of those points.  I hate the NBA.
cwstags::When it's a 39 point game, the refs likely could have just stayed home
YearOfTheSpur::Spurs shot 20 free throws Pistons shot 18 free throws ... ... DUDE, YALL LOST BY 39!
ThunderHornz::I hope that guy was joking right?
Hollerationatory::It's 12:02 AM central time, the laundry pile is so high in my living room that I'm not sure all of it is mine, the Spurs are taking another huge injury in stride and still expect a first round seed which is another reason to remember that:  The Spurs &gt; your team
YearOfTheSpur::Funny how the Spurs are 47-14, they just won a game by 40 points WITHOUT their best player and it takes 2 hours to be on the NBA headlines, not even main page.  But ohhhh, the Lakers beat the Hawks by 1 point and its like humans just created fire. They put it up on the headlines 5 minutes after they win. ... ... Sh.it they made a bigger deal of Kobe making a Twitter than the Spurs' unbelievable 20 game win streak going into the WCF  typical DisnESPN
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::The Lakers are the large market with more fans and more hits to ESPN's website for posting that article versus posting an article about the Spurs.  More hits equals more advertising dollars.  It's not worth complaining about because it's simply economics and won't change.
dannygue::The Lakers suck.  Congrats to them for something I guess.
slam_dunk_on_u::Fear the Laker s...better  for the sputs to fall off the # 1  seed Popazit is making sure of that
UnclePablo66::Brilliant...and absolutely on the mark. Spurs get no respect...ridiculous!
solidla::because the lakers are in dire straits  and have the better story to offer. The spurts are perennial championship contenders!
YearOfTheSpur::so clueless^
YearOfTheSpur::ESPN: spurs win 20 in a row... anyways lets move on to NHL ... ... JESUS CHRIST HEAT ARE ON AN UNBELIEVABLE 14 GAME WIN STREAK, LEBRON IS GOD!!!  Typical Illuminati, feeding their sheep.
Josip1888::do we really have to take a look at who the lakers have lost to stop judging other teams until your own team is perfect and even in the top  8 int  the west
slam_dunk_on_u::you lost to the damn suns ..thank you you want respect??/
arbor86::Popovich could start a rhesus monkey in any one of the five positions and still win the game, that system is so well-developed. I think he should try it, Stern would s&amp;!t his pants : )
Lavender5226::Then the monkey would proceed to fling the s&amp;!t.  Greatest game ever.
HookemHorns1957::Total domination by the Spurs.  When they pass the ball like that they are a thing of beauty (in spite of what ESPN apparently thinks).   My only gripe is why did Pop allow Timmy to play so many minutes in a game that was a blowout so early?   He played as many minutes as any other Spur, and he was clearly favoring his left knee starting in the third qtr.   Don't understand that especially when Pop is typically so careful about his minutes.
slam_dunk_on_u::who cares?
Egr_Troll_Nation_4.1::Your mommy cares!!!!
marillion aire::Spurs!
Troll_Tide::1- Knight 2- McLemore 3- Josh Smith 4- Drummond 5- Monroe
runninrebels3512::God I would just love to watch SA do this to the heat in the finals and just watch ESPN absolutely lose their minds. Maybe then they would be able to pull their lips off Lebrons dick
TexanPatriot1::Spurs &gt; Sanchez
jrodchamblee::Charlotte Bobcats waterboy &gt; Sanchez
videoguy0314::Spurs w Parker &gt; Spurs w out Parker &gt; Spurs B team squad &gt; Lakers
Trace2010::You forgot to add the Miami Heat in there right before the Lakers.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Actually the Austin Toros goes right before the Lakers.
LCieParagon::I'm a Raptors fan. I know they're terrible. Don't remind me.  I think the west is head and shoulders better than the east.  With that being said, who wins a 7-game series between Heat and Spurs? I think it would go the distance.
oblique15::Don`t believe the west hype. They said same thing last year but guess what...  Teams that gave the Heat the most problems were from the east  Celtics&gt;Pacers&gt; then Thunder got toyed with
hardhitter5271::And don't forget the spurs B team
saxyman55::win by 39 lol, without parker, boris diaw and our starting point guard was just in the NBA D-league 2 days ago....time to take the heat off the front page
Daryl in San Antonio::When the Spurs are passing the ball, there is no better!
rdelperdang::Pop for Pope
pico2013::NO Parker No Problem. Spurs are the best NBA organization ever.
oblique15::ever? no  Celtics and Lakers  but a very good one? yes!
WeAreTheMenInBlack::i have read the terms and conditions - Yea I wouldnt say best ever, but if you want to say most consistent it would be hard to argue.  The Spurs are the winningest pro franchise over the last 15 years.
i have read the terms and conditions::Yea I wouldnt say best ever, but if you want to say most consistent it would be hard to argue.
trevie20::I hope Banyes gets more opportunities to play! he is a monster on the boards and a solid defender and physical presence unlike Matt Bonner
trevie20::No offense to Bonner but he can bang with the guys from the Clippers "Griffen, Jordan, Hollins" or the guys from OKC!
luckyzac00::would like to see baynes and patty getting more time while parker is out.  give baynes some game time and maybe he could contribute if needed in the playoffs.
Troll_Tide::1- Knight 2/3- Mayo/McLemore 4/5- Monroe/Drummond
jordan was overrated::detroit right now looks  like a team of backups and calderon, who could get 20ppg, thinks he's doing his job just trying to facilitate  that team is awful
runninrebels3512::Greg monroe could start on like 25 teams.  But the rest of that team is a.s.s
jf20219::She's a beauty that TD stat line
TWex2120::In only 26 minutes....scary
BanXylocaine-Tx::Anyhow Wednesday game against the Bulls is not going to be easy because Chicago wants a pay back; however this is our house so whatever!  GO SPURS GO
Coleyuco::Y'all said that in the playoffs too.
RespectForTex::dafuq you talkin about
spursdcmdva::Maybe they should send Nando to the D league for a bit
BanXylocaine-Tx::because?
BanXylocaine-Tx::I see what you mean
spursdcmdva::Joseph seems to have benifited from it
breezybaby8989::How did Cory Joseph play?
bamberg1977::Hard to judge much in a game like this. Pistons basically an exhibition team tonight. Last leg of road trip and quit. No pressure.
BanXylocaine-Tx::Well you can judge it to a degree such as did he made the proper decision, did he made his cuts, did he miss an assignment and did he move the ball.
texican_10::really really good the d league boosted his confidence
BanXylocaine-Tx::wasn't intimidated at all, focused and good +16
spursdcmdva::TheJTram That actually is true coaching and development wise. Phil Jackson's a better winner though ----------------- Jackson is a better winner than Pop? What does that mean?
bamberg1977::Well Pop and Jackson are great coaches. But they're also blessed coaches. Spurs are amazingly well run and make good decisions. Has one of best players of all time at his disposal. Great coaches, but coaching's overrated. What sets Spurs apart is they have a smart franchise, which pistons have had for most part.
hardhitter5271::So players like Ginobili, Parker, Leonard, Elliot , Johnson, Hill, Bowen, Splitter, Diaw, and a list of about 30 others, don't come from great coaching?
BanXylocaine-Tx::lol he is saying Pop sucks at winning
82Teo::id rather the spurs get the overall 2 seed
SPURZWARS::From the same guy that didnt have enough sense to wear a condom!
texican_10::I want the lakers so duncan and kobe cant be tied 3-3  in head to head playoff match ups
BanXylocaine-Tx::Well Magic Johnson wants Spurs to remain number 1 so it would be a cake walk for his Fakers when they clinch 8th seed
