Corey D. Seaton::Heat start slow every year, still the only team who can switch into an entirely other gear. expect a long winning streak some time this year.
Arlonte Duran::Only twice this season LeBron attempted 20 or more shots... both times he scored more than 30 points.......Derrick rose attempted more than 20 shots twice this season, but the thing is derrick rose have yet to score more than 18 points lol......LeBron needs to shoot more ,rose need to shoot less......
Alan Ogg::Chelo Mejias · did they arrest you after what happened in Boston?
Chelo Mejias::Yes
Justin Jenkins::The Buck have lost Larry Sanders for the next couple of weeks...Heat are still a stacked all-star team ...this one is gonna be a blow out:  Bucks 125 Heat 68
Scott Hall::Like the Celtics game blow out?
Chelo Mejias::You're giving the heat too many points
Chelo Mejias::Bucks win a close one  Bucks 119 Heat 45
Bryce Morgan::old joke is ooooolllldddd
Chelo Mejias::Bryce Morgan   Alabama is weak
Alan Ogg::Chelo Mejias why do arabs like you watch NBA? dont you have al jeezera
Brandon Tigues::this guy dropped 19 points..lol people don't understand how good this heat team will be once everybody is healthy, they haven't seen the real heat yet..still haven't seen oden, I hope he can give us at least 20 minutes a game and still haven't seen beasley yet neither for the most part wait until this guy gets consistent minutes..I love the hype for the pacers though, keep hyping them up.
Senlis Chouza::Once they get the rotation figured out, the flow and chemistryand I dont se any team beating the heat..welcome back Beasley...
Brandon Tigues::Senlis Chouza I agree, that's why I don't mind the slow start it's only the beginning of the season there's still tons of basketball to be played, Miami will figure it out and get back to championship form before the season is over.
Senlis Chouza::New Beastley in town, cant wait to see if Oden can give 5 mins on the floor, 5 mins from a big guy can wear down anybody.
Alan Ogg::typical hater logic  heat win game ' OH ITS JUST THE BUCKS! stupid regular season game'  heat lose game "z0mg!!!!!!! heat suck!! bucks gonna own them in playoffs!"
Pete Glocker::That is what Heat haters do...... Warped brains!
Chelo Mejias::Heat suck and so do people who make fake profiles to be racist idiots *cough* ALAN OGG...worker at macDonalds
Bryce Morgan::did you know you are friends with someone that has their junk on display? The picture creeps me out
Chelo Mejias::Bryce Morgan   I have over 700 friends on facebook....i can't see everyones avatar. If what you're saying is true...i hope  you and the boys of san fran enjoyed it
Alan Ogg::i didnt know back to back champs sucked. what does that make the bobcats?
Nolan Hughes::D-Rose already has the same amount of below 40% FG games this year as LeBron had all of last year, with 5. And LeBron played 76 games!  But hey, LeBron haters can keep thinking D-Rose is amazing and haters keep calling LeBron "LeBrick"
Jeffery Austin::That's being kind considering that Rose is shooting 33% for the entire year. The only thing more pathetic is his 6.8 PER.
Cory Nope::Dick rider.
Rob Loveday::Cory Nope What a classy and insightful comment to counter his stats.
Victor H. Pitts::Chalmers no-look feed for LeBron was pretty. Defender could only observe what was happening over his head.
John Angle::did anyone else notice that all the road teams all scored 95 points tonight?
Jody George Prats::The LeBron will never be a champion.   --Haters Circa 2010
Andrew Ticho::Jody Prats is the biggest bandwagon fan on planet earth.  --Everyone Circa the beginning of time
Jody George Prats::LeBron James is a vicious beast.
Jeffery Austin::Screw freeing BZ. Free LBJ! Whenever he his shooting, the Heat dominate both sides of the floor. Whenever Wade is shooting, the Heat only dominates 1 side of the floor.
Alan Ogg::Chelo Mejias · is Rony Seikaly your role model? hes lebanese like you
Alan Ogg::i was at the first heat win back in the late 80s.. best day ever.
Chelo Mejias::And i bet you were working at mcDonald's back then as well...loser
Alan Ogg::Chelo Mejias hey arab... i bet you were in pakistan
Chelo Mejias::Alan Ogg   Yes i was, making awesome music video's with the mehdi army
Lyndon Modin::I'm a huge heat fan but a basketball fan all around.  That Wolters kid has been really solid for a second round pick who was thrown right into the fire.  I followed him quite a bit in College but had my doubts when he got his but handed to him by Michigan and he choked big time in the tourney.   Hopefully the Bucks keep him in the rotation once Ridnour gets back so he can continue to develop.  He hasn't turned the ball over, he dishing dimes, not forcing things that are not there but needs to pick up his shooting accuracy a little more at this level.  Good matchup for him tonight against Chalmers and the always pesky Cole.  With that being said go Heat!
Kyle Petersen::He played just as well as the national player of the year in their tourney game.
Aaron Rooney::Where are you 5ammy5ammy5ammy, GrapeNutz, Frank Pistachio, Ustna9?  https://www.facebook.com/Lakerclowns
Igor Yank::pacers vs who in nba finals?
Shanny Salcedo::spurs or grizz...one of those two
Steven Christian Shaw::isn't it a bit early in the year to be making finals predictions? lol
Paul Snurpus::Calm down there, the road to the Finals still goes through the two-time defending champs.
Jesse Boss Lee::Naters gonna Nate!!!
Shawn Lee Minor::Nate crossin up LeBron finishing with a floater over Bosh at the rim???
Bryce Morgan::Shawn Lee Minor can Nate physically shoot a floater over Bosh?
Shawn Lee Minor::Bryce Morgan much easier than crossing up LeBron, haha
Matthew L Smith::FREE BEASLEY!!!
Jody George Prats::lol@ Bucks are trash
Art Salmons::"Yea, indeed shall our holy saviour Lord Lebron shall be immune from personal fouls, for he shall commit none." --Holy Book of NBA Referees 6:17
Steven Christian Shaw::Lebron 7 games this season Has 14 personal fouls. Sooo he does get called for fouls.
Cory Nope::"Let he who can contest at the basket sit during crunch time; For nothing should stand in Nik...I mean- LeBron's way".
JFilm Johnson::Jeff Ariano  What Games are you watching?
Brandon Little::If Beasley can get consistent minutes he will be a strong pick for six man of the year. He is shooting really good from the field....
Jake Schmeling::You can make fun of the Bucks chase for 8th seeds and what not and its all well and good, but Heat fans suck...if Lebron left half your fan base would disappear
