Binafus::Roddy is better than Mike James it is not even close dunno why Rick does not see this.  We would have beat SA Thursday if Rick would have used him instead of Mike.
Trinity0629::I agree. Carlisle likes old guys. He used Kaaman over Brandon Wright for the majority of the season.  He panics with his young players and lets his veterans make mistakes over and over again.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Come on  Mavs keep winning need them to make the playoffs. Would like to see the Thunder with another easy first round like last season.  Get some extra rest,  its is always good.
jalowry1@dmacc.edu::How did OKC do against the Heat last year?
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Lmao! Almost only counts in horse shoes and handgranade's. nice try. Dallas still got swept. Smh Mavs fans are funny, enjoy missing the post season this season and for a few more seasons after this one.
Jordanmatt1::Thunder fans are funny, they have never won any thing but yet almost get there.  They remind me of Eagle fans but know nothing about the game their teams plays. Did this post have too many big words?
Eg214::U must of not seen the first Round Last Year Every game Except game 3 was really close and mavs almost won game 1 and 2 in OKC.
oldcoach1961::The Cavs are wasting playing time playing Walton when Kevin Jones could be learning, Jones could help in future and Walton is on his last go round.
tennisfanatic0123::three more wins with no losses and dirk can finally shave that beard
Rev It Up Like Vince Carter::It will be tough to get OKC.
happyman277::Good bye Cleveland, it was fun!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysmLA5TqbIY
Yas98fin::Irving cant carry this team like Lebron did
mypuppy747::LeBron missed the playoffs in his 2nd season also...
Greygoose crew::Cuban is a moron
ToTheTop854::Ive been following a system for betting lately called SportsBettingStar.  In just 2 months time, Ive averaged $3,000 a month in profits.  I found this system on the first page of Google by looking for Sports Betting Systems.
Beanslams46::I really wanted Championship bracelets instead of Rings.  --mark cuban
Indians1028::I feel bad for Bobcat fans   http://sports.yahoo.com/blogs/nba-ball-dont-lie/brian-shaw-turned-down-head-coaching-spot-charlotte-213602630--nba.html
no look high five::dsklbjafdsasfa
YogaBeer::HOw come Ellington didn't play tonight?
Booty Loaf_::ankle injury I guess
YogaBeer::thanks.    Cavs could've used him tonight.   Esp. when they sit both Livingston and Waiters.    That rotation of $@%!.ie, Luke Walton, Tyler Zeller, CJ Miles and Speights has to be one of the slowest in the NBA.
Booty Loaf_::dammit. Im starving and still have to wait 50 minutes to eat my microwavable white castle burgers
alienboy51::Seems like Mavs fans vacillate between wanting to make the playoffs or missing the playoffs and getting a high draft pick.  If you are a Mavs fan, which do you choose - this year or next?
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::They where suppose to right  it before this season. There is nothing to show that Cuban and Nelson will get them back to the post-season.
LetsGoMavs-::Next year all the way!!! Mavs have cap to get good players this summer and a lottery pick would be nice also since we haven't had one since 1999
RUserious-2::I'm almost agreeing but it's hard to watch us miss the playoffs but I know the payout will be greater in the long run.  I can't wait until this season is over.  Just hope that Cuban and Nelson can right this ship next season.
scottkarl::its a win-win situation... Mavs get closer to making the playoffs and cavs get a better chance to get a good draft pick. Defense must be a priority of Cavs offseason
doc490::mavs need to get in lotto pick also
RUserious-2::Will help in the future if we get a good pick.  We might get lucky and get another secret like Lillard.  Depends on Nelson.
JohnsonnnL::only if they don't take the Lakers spot. we need that draft pick.
orange_63::yes...... GO LAKERS!
doc490::cavs won't win until lebron comes back
47riley47::Last year when he is 36. Doing a Pippen
doc490::he is coming back
orange_63::sad but true
orange_63::i guess the cavs did what they had to do.........yay.........ping pong balls
doc490::heat win again going for 22 next
dallasmavs258::JUST WOKE UP...... RODDY BUCKETS????????
wunderrr::Go Mavs, get that 8th seed!
no look high five::I stole your thing where  you spelled out twolves. I'm sorry. And I will give you credit if i get a chance.   Also I think it's kind of stupid for me to do it. So I'll probably take it down. I just wanted to see if I could do it.   Did I do it?
no look high five::SMV*SAM!
no look high five::...clearly. I have failed.
AdamFinesse::JUST GOT HOME....... RODDY BUCKETS???????
LetsGoMavs-::Hasaface jacked of to Roddy B
Whutitdew3::good game cavs fans
JohnsonnnL::I'm officially on the Otto Porter Jr. bandwagon.
jmkerney09::whats up with this $@%!$@% unders on nba so boring
wreckem tech101::Did somebody mentioned it sure is nice to have a 6' + Guard.....hey the Mavs have one.  <b><u><i>Chris Wright!!!!</i></u></b>
Booty Loaf_::6'7" jack as.s.. every team has multiple 6 foot guards lol barely any are under 6 foot
Booty Loaf_::?
wreckem tech101::gone on dick nose
JonMclane420::The Other Wright Stuff!!
wreckem tech101::hahah the other Wright stuff
LetsGoMavs-::Chris Wright!!!!!
Him Down Stairs1::Wright got some moves
Abner7716::Best starting five for Mavs PG roddy SG Mayo SF Wright PF Dirk C Brand
GBrink21::wright and marion, instead of brand
TheFeedMachine::When Roddy is on, he can fill up the stat sheet in a hurry.
Booty Loaf_::lol how redundant
Indians1028::The first $@%!$@% comment I see on the Heat board   The Heat if they win the title this year are probably a top 3 team all time.
orange_63::lol
Booty Loaf_::its pretty tru tho
Whutitdew3::heat fans are stupid lol
LetsGoMavs-::My prediction was Pacers beating the Heat in the playoffs. I take that back now.
JonMclane420::Game's over, bring in Chris Wright and Morrow
BleedRedandBlack93::damn it VC u couldn't make that 3 yesterday
Booty Loaf_::dion got HAMMERED no call
Indians1028::At least the Lakers won
LetsGoMavs-::Collison is too short. Mavs need a taller pg for next season
Indians1028::Well thats game
Booty Loaf_::I love dions will
Indians1028::I bet Heat fans are saying that the Heat are the best team ever and saying LBJ is better than Jordan, just like they always think
doc490::he is the doc from cleveland
HunterF4444::Yeah they are having a circle jerk
Nasser_::collison &amp; roddy look like the same person on the court
LetsGoMavs-::Lakers won tonight so mavs still 2 game back in the loss column for the 8th seed
Whutitdew3::god dayam i hate hearing that. freakin pacers can't win with no kobe
Abner7716::baby boom three
Whutitdew3::wow roddy stuffs up the stat sheet fast jesus lol
Nasser_::dion waiters can't make two free throws in a row smh
Booty Loaf_::ever
Whutitdew3::now dirk wants in on this lol nice
Indians1028::More balls in the lottery for us
Booty Loaf_::more balls is never a bad thing
Whutitdew3::wow this is tough for coach rick with collison james and roddy.
_Pyro27::Roddy is the best PG on the Mavs. Hopefully Rick sees that now.
Booty Loaf_::dions ft shooting is abysmal
