CJ_PATRIOT_FAN::wya to go grizz
Pineapple Express 12::Anthony Randolph better get more than 15 minutes tonight.
dale wrenn::Grizz dominate twolves again, no way you can win with Rubio and Barraea as your PG'S
schroer123413123::yeah and way to back up your reasoning tool i could see them working together just as good as him and ridinour barea can shoot that ball he dont need to touch it that much
Ogwilliams::Minny has already won 13 games this year.  They won 17 games all of last year without either one of them.  They are close to a playoff spot so it looks like it can work.
Atomsk_::if you want to get picky, Irving's last game was not an example of excellence. both are talented players, both have been playing well, both will have ups and downs. Irving is scoring better and Rubio is assisting and stealing better. I think it will take more than 23 games to decide who's the ROY. If you ask me, and with the stats they have now, I would give the award to the player whose team finishes higher.
_Mattyhans::Can't wait till the day Irving leaves Cleveland.
Kyrie Irving........SUCKS SACK::HAHA YUP IT WILL HAPPEN TOO, WHO WANTS TO PLAY IN CLEVELAND? F@CKI.NG S.H.I.T HOLE OF AMERICA
KingGeorge53::still posting like a big baby who had it taken away from you when the Cavs shoved it down you throat.
mnsportswopwopwtfespn::Rough game still only lost by 5 without our best player.  Now we don't have to deal without Love anymore.  How many under 10 point games does Wes have to produce before he's not a starter.  Guy is terrible!!!
jlightle02::And don't forget the key players that Memphis was missing. Zbo and Allen are just as big of holes as Love... and that not even mentioning Darrell Arthur.
fmunozcuevas::The final score is not telling the real difference. Memphis simply outplayed the Wolves. I would have preferred to loose by 25 points and save some wear and tear in some players.  The thing with Wes Johnson is a X file. I can only guess that they are hoping that he can string a few good games so they can trade him as a starter.
eototal::I love Espn's title for this...Gay Griz edge Wolves. lol
Kyrie Irving........ROY::Irving hasn't had a game with only 1 assists.   Bricky "One Assist" Rubio  His name will live in infamy.
Kyrie Irving........SUCKS SACK::MY USER NAME SAYS IT ALL............................
fmunozcuevas::Your name will live in ignorance.   Kid, you make a weak favor to Kyrie Irving as a fanboy, you really make him look bad.
jmndodge2::Rubio had a poor night.  One assist number is way off,   most of that zero belongs to Wes, Luke and Williams,  they missed open shots all night.    Luke is not a shooting guard,  I;m still waiting for someone to step up,   Wes is not playing at starting small forward level,   if his shot improves hie could play the shooting guard.   Beasley just hasn't figured out how to play as part of a team,  has no future beyond our bench,  would like to see Lee get some action after his stint with the sky force.    Perhaps he can earn some minutes after the break.   Williams needs to make the move to small forward - Beasley might have to fight for time at both forward positions.   Still need to get time for AR,  he needs coaching on offensive footwork in the paint.   His athletic ability is without question,  but he needs to play both smarter and stronger.   One more season to show the progress/potential necessary for NBA productivity
Giggity.iggity::4 pts, 1 assist, ~%20 shooting.. sounds like ROY to me!! LMAO
schroer123413123::guy out with concussion is losing his ballots every game he sits
Kyrie Irving........ROY::lmao...  Too f*ckin funny.
Kyrie Irving........SUCKS SACK::WANA FIGHT?
Atomsk_::every time Rubio has a bad game this board gets filled with guys saying that Irving is way better, then they disappear when Ricky goes over 10 pts, 10 asst and 3 steals. fascinating...
anen87::I don't remember him having a bad game before i believe this is the first
ageezeee33::Rubio's play has produced far more wins, thus Rubio &gt; Irving
schroer123413123::dont put dj augustin and rubio in the same sentence ever again
joeyxfly::OK rubio and kyrie is both great players but i got to give it to kyrie he hits his outside shot more consistently but rubio has much more potential then kyrie i think right now kyrie is better but in the future rubio will surpass kyrie to be almost like a steve nash pass first point guard and eventually become an all star
shaq422::Against the kings WOWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Giggity.iggity::It was a 2 pt win against the Kings.. who, I don't think you're aware, are the bottom dwellers of the Western Conference!  That's fine that Rubio can get 14 assists..  Thing is, DJ Augustin could get that on this team AND score around 20pts on a high percentage..  Rubio?  Shooting %30..  His offense is a detriment to this team and he knows it.
mcdog512::And the win too.
Atomsk_::I guess that yesterday's 14 asst and 5 steals count for nothing.
Diamondslugz::Not to mention Kyrie and the Cavs won the head to head matchup this year.... in Minnesota. Rubio is great... but Kyrie is better.
Diamondslugz::Rubio has a way better supporting cast... We saw what Rubio is without Love tonight... Irving is the better player and is going to be ROY.
Giggity.iggity::AGAINST THE KINGS
Jonny2768::14 assists last night $@%!$@.
Mavsolute_Beast_41::Where are all the spanish bandwagoners?
fmunozcuevas::Probably they also root for M Gasol. See, is the advantage of having several likable players. Besides, ripping off a player for a bad game is low and go to a board to troll about a game where your team is not involved is plain stupid.
natskivna::How did Love play?
ageezeee33::Lets just say, he left his mark
Diamondslugz::Kyrie ROY Irving
ageezeee33::Rookie of the east, maybe.
1ooclicck::wolves suck
ageezeee33::Just in, in fact it is you, whom sucks!
Been banned 5 times::ripping on rubio now huh?
L E G O A T::This is why Rubio is not on elite status like Rose or Paul. Take away his Forward and he gets 1 assist...4 points....1-6.  On another note.....did anyone on the Grizz get Love-stomped leaving the arena?
JeffreyBond13::he had 14 assists without love last night, get ur facts straight...
Giggity.iggity::14 assists and what.. 4 pts?  His horrid FT shooting almost cost the T-Wolves that game and realistically, they only won 1 quarter of play.. they were fortunate it was a large enough cushion.
L E G O A T::Nothing wrong with me facts. He did it on the Kings, wow thats impressive. Like I said....1 assist.
PekManiaTwinCities::Rubio is a rookie. He needs time to grow. He needs the offseason to work on his shot that's for sure! And the second part, I sure hope so!
PekManiaTwinCities::TAPHAWN. Kevin Love went to the locker room and personally apologized to Luis Scola and the whole Rockets team, NOT just on twitter. Get your facts right.
Maverick Man 33::3 solid plays for today!! picks were 5-1 for wednesday email me if interested: bakkerwillson@gmail.com
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::dogs Texas Sucks 1 fan likes this. 36 Minutes Ago · Like · Reply · Flag  ------------------------------------------  Nice attempt!! You should win on the same day you attempt to talk smack. Nice try though.
1234Mitch::Wow 7 points for Wes?  He was on fire tonight!
Been banned 5 times::rubio&gt;irving
bboorse::How many more times do we have to watch wes johnson get double digit playing time and produce single digit scoring and minimal additional stats?
127decibels::The headline read:  "Gay, Griz edge Wolves"  Good thing they remembered the comma.
dogs::should've left it out
Mr Viz::I can't wait till the Thunder sweep the Grizz this year.
jlightle02::Me too so that they blow their load before Zbo gets back and the 1-8 playoff matchup.
colemc04::minnesota sucks.
dogs::you have no life and no friends
cowboyschris50::wow. You. Are. SOOOOOOOOOOO. COOL!!!!!!!
dogs::i have 300 legit friends on facebook 27=lonely
colemc04::I have 27 friends on fb... and Im still working on getting a life, but I dont know where to get one. But I know for sure it aint in Minnesota.
vikesrock101::why is wes starting over beas?
justinxazdamavs::T'PUPS AHAHAHAH
Kyrie Irving........ROY::Rubio was exposed for who he really is. A European player.
htabbach::Didn't Irving struggled badly in few games this season to the point that some cavs fans were calling him a bust? One game is NEVER a measure my friend.
minny snowta::Wolves shot like h e l l tonight! but they came back from down 18.  Good game Grizz!!!  K Love is back and we gonna stomp the mavs again on Friday!
justinxazdamavs::Cute
rockndoc2::Kinda tough when Kyrie Irving doesnt play and gains ground in the ROY race.
minny snowta::not really! Rubio still owns the assists and steals stats, he just had a horrible game, it happens!
Blitz1821::Have to agree the Grizz are a much better team then the Wolves right now. Fiesty defense that gets a bunch or turnover and an offense that can make open and jump shots something that the Wolves can't do. I do not want to see these guys again.
Malcyon1::Wait, am I reading this right?  Bricky Rubiho with only one assist and another brick-tastic shooting day?
Blitz1821::ya, man can't shoot right now, needs to work on that in the offseason
vandeman34::Beasley with a clutch 3 at the end of this 1. Way to go!
minnyfan22::You win some you loose some wolves go 15-13 after the next two games. I dont mind a loose one game win two to three in a row situation at all.
Jhe1125::Wolves were out K Love - Grizz were out Z Bo, Tony Allen, and Darrell Arthur  Fact is Grizz outplayed the Wolves.  Quit making excuses
schroer123413123::if scolas neck breaks in minneapolis does anyone care??
Taphawn::that was so wrong what love did lost a lot of respect for the dude . then he tried to apologize on twitter. wow he was told to do that karma is a bit............ should of lost 5 to 7 games could of broke his neck
tigersfangoldandblue::That ain't true!
ricky ROY rubio::FACT: Love &gt; Z BO, Allen, and who-the-hell-Arthur
jlightle02::Fact: you are a delusional fanboy.
PoRtEr_24::Who's making excuses?
Jg2.o::You know what the ROY will come down to....what one of these guys does for his team THIS year.  And the way the Wolves are looking - Ricky is gonna get us in the dance.
Jonny2768::like this if your still here?
GoMNSports924::Like this for the sake of likes :):):):):):):):):)
Jonny2768::dislike
minnyfan22::Wolves win next two games easy go 15-13
Fullserenity::Man I just got back from the Cavs game and looking at the Cavs board and this one, things have gotten completely out of hand.  People need to grow up on both sides.
PoRtEr_24::Not having love caught up to the wolves tonight and Rubio didn't play too well.
PoRtEr_24::looks like I didn't miss much lol
Jonny2768::oh you missed a heck of a game *sarcasm voice*
PoRtEr_24::Just now...been gone all night
Jonny2768::when did you get here
dogs::If it doesn't work out for Irving in Cleveland I'll hire him to dress like a leprechaun and prance around with a fake pot of gold at my St. Patricks Day parties.
Kyrie Irving........ROY::wow youre a re t ard
vandeman34::shut up
Kyrie Irving........ROY::If it doesn't work out for Rubio in Minny I'll hire him to dress like a leprechaun and prance around with a fake pot of gold at my St. Patricks Day parties.
Jonny2768::Isnt that wat your mom does for me?
PoRtEr_24::wow you are a t ard
dogs::shut up
PekManiaTwinCities::Hey Gallinari, wouldn't you say the Nugs screwed the Knicks in that trade? Haha
Jonny2768::Did anyone here Tom Hanneman just say use the force luke on Wolves postgame
GoonSquadd::Lin &gt; Rubio
Jonny2768::Spanish Basketball players &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; asian basketball players
dogs::I almost laughed at your joke
GoMNSports924::Like this if you think all the "like this" comments are annoying :)
Jonny2768::this is like youtube... thumbs up $@%!$@
dogs::like this if you liked that ;)
Web Redemption::I met Kyrie while bartending out in Cleveland..he came in and order 6 shots all for himself, I asked him what the occasion was and he said it was his first blow job. I offered to buy him one myself for such an occasion but her refused and said "If 6 shots don't take the taste out of my mouth, than nothing will..."
Jonny2768::BOW DOWN TO THE KING OF REALITY
