Shawn Bento::Curry messed around and got a triple-double.
Kemala Martin::Should be an entertaining game, but no disrespect to Phoenix, Dubs should take care of this team at home..... On a different note, Griffin is a lil b.itch,  saying a team plays cowardly when he leads the league in  flops and the Dubs have beat the clips 4 out of the last 6.
Eddie Cruz::Haha wtf you still harping on the past? Your team won the game, go post on the right article. Suns still have a better record.
Josh Sweat::David Lee 10 strait double doubles and still everyone talks trash, what more can the guy do
Alec Gonzalez::Play defense
Lights Godown::Alec Gonzalez Says the fan of a team that gives up the 2nd most points in the NBA....
Nils Headley::Alec, you must have missed the end of the Clips game.
Jerel Jared Moral::The Warriors with and without Iguodala is like night and day, especially their defence. Held phoenix to below 40% shooting. This game was over before the end of the 3rd.
Ray Miller::Was actually over at halftime......The Warriors totally out classed Phoenix.   Everyone talks abiut Dragic like he is a premier point guard, but a true point gets their teammates involved.  I think the entire Suns team had maybe 5-6 assists.  Sure.... Dragic is a talent but they arent gonna win over tge long haul when his game is predicated on coast to coast layups.  And for all those that say the WARRIIRS don't pkay defense ...2 words......PAY ATTENTION.   The Warriors are 2nd in the lead in holding opponents under 40%.....D E F E N S E.........
Makavelli Cruz::Warriors defence is crazy warriors 95 suns 85
Colin Ziolkowski::Golden State would be Dominant if they ran their Offense through the Post! David Lee is a great scorer on the Block and Andrew Bogut can finish with both hands and is the kind of Big that will Demand a Double team after a few touches and then his ridiculous passing skills would open up the great shooters this team has! They're using their Center the wrong way! When they figure out how to use what they have, they will be unstoppable!
Nicholas Sanguinetti::Doc Rivers and Blake Griffin should be fined. At leas the coach for the Suns can admit when beaten by a better all around team.
John Martin::Stephan Curry is a great player because even when his shot is off he dominates a game as he did this one.
Peter Peterr::Warriors may have the weakest bench of playoff teams,  But when their top 7 players are healthy they are good and dangerous.  Without Iguodala Warriors go 5-7, since he came back they go 4-1 and he doesn't look 100% yet.
Harold Nations::Top 7? I can't see more than 6 that can play.  The bench is usually worthless past Barnes and he hasn't been shooting well.  but regardless, you're right, the do have the weakest bench of any decent team.
Darryl McMillon::Harold Nations - I've got a bench players name for you to scratch into your forehead so you remember when you look in the mirror the next time you think "Top 7?":   Draymond Green. He killed it as a bench player so maybe you were watching some weaker Eastern Division teams
Wayne Polk::Harold Nations, Curry; Thompson, Dre, Lee, Bogut, Barnes, Green. All 7 of those guys are heavy rotation guys that can play.
Josh Sweat::Where are the Suns fans that said they were the better team and that David Lee (DOUBLE DOUBLE MACHINE) was no good???????
Brian Peterson::I'm so confused on how the Suns ever got to 17 wins!!
Jenn Schultz::Brian Peterson  Well one of the 17 wins was against the Warriors.
Michael Paris::Brian Peterson  Obviously, you haven't been watching them play.
Alec Gonzalez::The suns are clearly the better team
Lights Godown::Dodgers trophy case getting a little dusty dont you think?
Franco Barni::Not tonight the Suns are going down Warriors too much fire power at home great at coming from behind! Harrison Barnes can only get better.
Todd Vincent::suns have no drive tonight, its like...awkward
Makavelli Cruz::Sun are gonna go on a loosing streak there overrated big time the warriors dealt wit injuries ezili barnes iggy oneil doglas
Michael Paris::Please.
Matthew Melnick's Other Page::mang mang mang GSW plays Defense Don Nelson has been gone for a while now. I mean they aren't elite yet but they sure as hell aren't a sieve like they used to be. iguodala has improved the defense allot by the way when hes been healthy he has elevated GSW to a top tier team in the West for sure and since the east is atrocious say for two teams they are a top tier team in this league. the suns have definitely surprised everybody so far though at least those of us who have been paying attention
GianFranco DeZola::COIN TOSS GAME FOR ME....DUBS ALWAYS HAVE HARD TIME AGAINST THE SUNS AND THE TWINS. IT WILL BE A GOOD CONTESTED GAME...I WON'T BE SURPRISE IF THE GAME GOES INTO OT.  WHO EVER WINS....DON'T WIN IT FOR MORE THAN 4 POINTS (CHECK THE STATS)  PEACE YA'ALL
Stanley Foster::I love your young team Warriors fans, but if they start doing petty things like the Christmas game against the Clips I may form a different opinion - They don't need to do unsportsmanlike stuff like that-
Nicholas Sanguinetti::Clips suck and are floppers
Yezurah Emmanuel::Nicholas Sanguinetti right , who started  the whole altercation
Wayne Polk::Stanley Foster that's old school basketball.  Griffin is one of the biggest instigators in the league. The Warriors retaliated plain and simple. There's a reason Griffin is not well liked in the NBA. Besides, what the Warriors did against the Clipps was old school basketball.  Griffin let the Warriors get into his head and hecgo played like the biatch that he is.
Todd Vincent::Going to be a really good game. Both very similar teams with great guards. I predict Curry doesn't go off for 30 points because of tougher defense from Bledsoe, GS will need to get scoring elsewhere. Going to be a close game till the end. Hard to say who wins.
Kemala Martin::When it's 50/50 always go with the home team
Sean Mantooth::To all the clowns who say the Warriors don't play defense, they're second in the league in games in which they've held opponents below 40 percent shooting
Mang Artemio::what happen to this game? gsw don't play defense and all they do is shoot 3 pts. cmon suns you can still win this game....
Sean Mantooth::They don't play defense? They're second this year behind Indiana in games holding opponents below 40 percent shooting
David Wilson::Bledsoe and Dragic are going to put on a show and mr Green and mr Frye will let the 3's fly with help from the Morris twins!  Go Suns!!!
Franco Barni::Not!
Alex Ko::Hoping for a close game whoever ends up winning.  It'll definitely be tough for my Suns but hope they pull it off!
Todd Vincent::suns are playing like its a preseason game... no hustle. Lets see if they pick it up in 2nd half
Alfonso Corral::who scores more tonight bledsoe or curry any way this is going to be fun basketball
Dennis R Vass::Bledsoe scares me. That dude plays HARD. Hope the Warriors can sneak one out at home.
Raymond Siu::3 more turnovers for Curry and he'll have a quadruple double!
Chad Wiggins::16 to 7 ratio is not bad
Raymond Siu::Chad Wiggins not at all. Still better than 2:1.
Brian Peterson::Keep shooting 3's Phoenix cause it's working!!  SMH..
Peter Peterr::That's their game plan, run and shoot 3s. They are the Houston Rockets of last season.
