Deaneer32::anyone know if CP is playing tonight?
EchoedTruth::Imagine if Nicolas Batum became a black belt....   Master Batum, teach us all you know!
LGR42::Dear Lakers fans,  Still 3rd best record in the NBA.  How ya like them apples? See you...oops i mean U will see us in the playoffs.
YoHongWhatUp::Well, where is C3PO???????
LGR42::He is hurt. Where is your brain?
YoHongWhatUp::WHAT is wrong with C3PO???????   WHY can't Hellboy carry the team??????
Deaneer32::lakers fans need to stop it with the ' get your own building ' talk it's not like they own the place they lease it just like the clippers do...it was originally built for the Kings NOT the lakers...
xmanfolife::Well...they really do need to get their own building.  The place was built for the Lakers &amp; Kings.....Anaheim has a nice size building that seats the same amount....get it together Sterling.
Nbrown201::no it was built for the lakers and the kings... just the kings and the clips and lakers lease.. did you read that post?
CBass1317::6-15 from the field with 5 turnovers and too many ball pounding possessions down the stretch -- vintage Crawford.  And people think this guy has changed ...
LGR42::Well said.
chitown472::He was 6-12 before he missed his last 3  and with no one else to create shots for himself his 5 tos is no more than any other player who creates most of his own shots   Its simply basketball anyone who tried to knock on that are simply haters
Deaneer32::He only looks good when his shots fall...He's always has and still is a ball hogging, terrible decision making, streaky shooter.
chitown472::you sound like a  hater I dont recall not one teammate who has ever said he s a ballhog
WestsideConnection87::Lets get it together clips! Cut the Slack!
tgreen21::Kobelies?? Have to change names since you're so hated?!!
AndeiBolkonsky::I feel like ever since Hill started playing Clippers looked worse, games got closer and games like this were lost. when Paul and Billups are back and hill sat out I believe Clippers will win every game left in season and roll through playoffs
CBass1317::Less about Hill, more about Paul.
BarrelRider04::Why do we always change our game at the end of games when it's close and slow the game down and give it to one of our players and stop moving the ball around? It drives me crazy! This has happened many tiimes now this year where we are running and free flowing passing the ball around to everyone and everyone involved the whole game, then in the last 3 min we slow it down and let either CP3 or Crawford solely handle the ball....HORRIBLE COACHING!!
mike etheridge::Clips will be ok when cp3 returns but this is a wake up call. You cant WIN a Chip without ALL your pieces in place. Diehard Lakers here but i hope cp3 stays healthy when he gets back got no hate for him hes a Baller
stressone19::Same Ol Clippers
Ron-Burgundy-Stay-Classy-3::When clippers lose , the only thing they can do is go to lakers board make fun off then . Hmmm lakers always be show time  Lakers history&gt; clippers history lmao
Rodneycash20122012::Not too much fun without your best player, is it clipper fans?
kobepac24::Tough break for the clips C. Paul case for MVP just gained some additional merit.
cooltapes777::without cp3 clipshow aint real much
smittywerb::FIRE VDN!  FIRE VDN!  FIRE VDN!
SCREW WHITES AND BLACKS LETS HATE ON PUERTO RICANS::So did the Clippers just get tired of winning or something?
SMANGANG::tired of winning???? lmaoooooooo... clippers are just the clippers...
Mr. Nut Job::"Da Plane!  Da Plane, Boss!"  Clippers basketball does remind of eventually losing steam and blowing it.
dash2k4::Congrats to Batum for getting a second triple-double. Not hating on him, but see how he kept the game ball for memories? LeBron would have close to 100 by now if he didn't sit out blowouts or miss by one or two stats here and there. While some people savor their triple doubles, for Bron it's routine. How incredible.
tgreen21::This has nothing to do with LeBron. You're point is mute and you're an idiot for trying to draw the comparison. 2nd triple double in a week and this one over the Pacific leading Clips, I'd keep it too.
CBass1317::Jesus, just let a young player and his fans enjoy a great game.  LeBron is great and all, but what does he have to do with anything?    Comparisons like this are simply not relevant.  For example, LeBron savored his Championship trophy, Jordan was pretty casual about his SIXTH.  SMH.
Permanot::Vous m'faites marrer, vous imaginez peut être que le joueur NBA "moyen" peut aller chercher 2 triple double dans la même semaine ??? Batum est très jeune et progresse de match en match. Bientôt ce mec sera un des meilleurs joueurs de la ligue, et c'est con pour vous, mais il est FRANCAIS !!!! et ça, ça vous fait mal hein les amerloques ?? Nous on s'en branle, Batum est un super joueur et on sait l'apprécier à sa juste valeur !! traduisez ...
ThinYellowLine::What he says.
mchery25::You are right, there are only two players in this league who could average a triple double every night: LeBron and Rondo.
sk0dawgs::slurpslurpslurpslurpslurp
Judge Smails.::Chris Paul for MVP.
paulleena12::Who is watching Australian Open Tennis Final b/w Andy Murray and Novak Djokovich?
xmanfolife::Don't get it twisted.....it's a b-ball board not tennis, they have their own board for that.
SGO DucksnBlazers::Hell yes!!! I just watched the game because I DVR'd it and now tennis time!
paulleena12::No.  It is a sports board and many have interests in other sports.  Two best players going at each other.
xmanfolife::Wrong bulletin board....
BlAztecMariHawks::im so glad crawford is not a blazer. you clipper fans will see in time that he takes the worst shots. and when they stop falling. you will hate him
xmanfolife::Crawford must think he's Kobe....bad offense by the Clipps n the fourth.  Crawford vs. everybody else is horrible offense by the Clipps, they deserved to lose this game.
Greygoose crew::Trade blake G for KG
671niners::"I'll take that shot 10 out of 10 and I'll make it nine out of 10," Crawford said.  Maybe he was taking about his free throws. lol
xmanfolife::He missed it tonite....that's for sure!
Cheintz091::how can espn leave out the fact that the blazers went on a 10-0 run to end the game in the last 2:30.  Really espn????  East coast bias
qdfsadf::When does Billups come back?
xmanfolife::Injury prone.....don't need him back, he should retire.
BarrelRider04::How do you not score a point in the last 2:38 while giving up a 9 point lead???? FLIPPING A that is a major choke job. Glad I didn't have to witness that one!
xmanfolife::It was kinda fun to watch the Clipps choke away a game......preview of the future?  A return to the olden days.
Deaneer32::it was a horror to watch.
BarrelRider04::C'mon Clips! 4 in a row again?? Championship teams don't lose 4 in a row twice a season. Not a good sign. That was a serious failure to close a game out tonight. Before you know it, Memphis, Golden State and Denver will be passing us up if we don't pull our heads out of our aaaaaaaaaaasssssssseeeeesssss!!
xmanfolife::Probably bcuz the Clipps aren't a championship team.  Championship teams have their own building.
LGR42::Building talk is ignorant. learn the game.
SMANGANG::yep no matter what.. Lakers &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; clips...
Seahawks Fan Banned 15 Times::Does anybody else notice that Griffin is starting to put up some seriously insane numbers?
xmanfolife::But they lost....what difference does his numbers make if the team loses.....
The Angels will win a WS with Pujols and Trout::He's a really good player.
Seahawks Fan Banned 15 Times::agreed
The Angels will win a WS with Pujols and Trout::Shadrin 19 - The only reason Blake Griffen is on the team is becuz he has freckles and looks almost white  WOW, dude, I really can't say anything to point out your ignorance better than what you wrote yourself, WOW!
The Angels will win a WS with Pujols and Trout::Liam6552 - Its a mission statement as* wipe.. A mission thats sole purpose is to help you realize what a sad, pathetic oreganian you are.......... I've failed  No, it is a manifesto of an extremely troubled person. Dude, you need help. I'm serious, no more bashing. You need to see a psychiatrist.
UCFMiamiHeat::The blazers have one of the worst benches I have ever seen. Kudos to their excellent starting unit and Terry Stotts on having them over .500
UCFMiamiHeat::Yea one injury and they are dommed they could really use a quality bench scorer like wilson chandler. I know like George karl is not a big fan of his.
yata-9arasu::Yeah.  Cavs and Blazers have the worst.  Cavs got a lot of help with that steal of deal to get Ellington/Speights/Selby/1st rounder for John Leuer.  LOL.
Deaneer32::hard to see them playing as well moving forward considering the amount of minutes the starting 5 logs in night in night out
Hmmrhed::This is not a roll of the dice - there are no independent trials - the clippers still have the same crappy owner they always had. Thus history is relevant.
Shadrin 19::The only reason Blake Griffen is on the team is becuz he has freckles and looks almost white
Deaneer32::Can't help but agree with you on that one...Don't think the Clippers will ever be able to move forward as long as Sterling still owns them.
Shadrin 19::@ Liam--- don't leave ESPN tonight. Me and you should go to a deferent place on the boards and rip it up
The Angels will win a WS with Pujols and Trout::Or you guys could just get a hotel room.
Deaneer32::Laker fans are all stuck up in the past....All right all right we get it you have 16 chips...now will you please shut up.
The Angels will win a WS with Pujols and Trout::Not me. The Lakers are playing like crap, and all those trophies score zero game points. What happens now is what is relevant.
The Angels will win a WS with Pujols and Trout::I told a guy who carries on about the past to try and bash the Lakers' history.
Shadrin 19::@angels- you are the biggest loser. Down below this you are yapping about the Lakers. Man you are a tool
heat fan swag::da lakkers suck lol
Liam6552::Okay heat fan whatever you say..... lol
The Angels will win a WS with Pujols and Trout::I'm a Laker fan, but I have to say that it's pretty pathetic that all these Clipper-bashers have to base their pointless observation on is the Clippers' losing history, smh.
Hmmrhed::"Yup. that's how the Red Sox won a WS after 86 years." I said predicting as in probability not 100% accuracy - huge difference.
Shadrin 19::And of course you are a Laker fan loser
Shadrin 19::It is convenient that you are a Lamer fan.
The Angels will win a WS with Pujols and Trout::yeah, how about you attempt to bash their history.
Hmmrhed::You're predicting what's going to happen in the future. The only thing that guides future prediction is a significant sample of past trials. From the stock market to the weather and yes to sports.
Shadrin 19::@the angels- the Red Sox won World Series becuz Steroids turned fly balls into home runs you dummy
The Angels will win a WS with Pujols and Trout::Yup. that's how the Red Sox won a WS after 86 years.
Shadrin 19::What else do you have to bash a team on you moron.
The Angels will win a WS with Pujols and Trout::There's no way to get you to believe me, but the beliefs of your simple mind are not one of my cares.
Liam6552::Engineering student? Because you said so right? bahahahahah I'm done with this fukcing clown shoe
The Angels will win a WS with Pujols and Trout::Yeah, I guess engineering students are peanut-brains.
Shadrin 19::I am seeing that haha
Liam6552::Its no use with this peanut brain, Shadrin.. It really is no use. smh
The Angels will win a WS with Pujols and Trout::How about the play of tonight's game. Also, the Blazers organization has been prime laughingstock for the past ten years.
MilesAboveYou::Over/Under: 1500  Total number of people with a cat as an avatar?
The Angels will win a WS with Pujols and Trout::Liam6552 - Good for you creepo.. You are from the cheapest state to live in... hmmmmmm I wonder why is that... Let me think.... hmmmmm... (light bulb) oh yeah because you are OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEGGGGGGGGGGOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNN.... you sorry, pathetic excuse for anything.. Do you have schools out there in the middle of nowhere where the only thing to look forward to is a cloudy day and a fukcing beaver crawling through your screen door to scavenge through the leftovers you backwood rednecks cooked with the same bonfire you use to keep yourselves warm at night.. FUUUKKKCCCC  Dude, you need a therapist ASAP! Get help bro.
Liam6552::Says the stalker whos been following me around badgering me with the same lame subject for the past hour.. Take your own advice girl
Liam6552::Its a mission statement as* wipe.. A mission thats sole purpose is to help you realize what a sad, pathetic oreganian you are.......... I've failed
The Angels will win a WS with Pujols and Trout::I left it alone, and then you wrote this manifesto. Also, do you have something against girls? I'm a man, but it seems that you associate girls with negativity.
NASH_10::Lake Show, baby :)
The Angels will win a WS with Pujols and Trout::Hmmm. that would be nice, but I don't think it's happening.
Deaneer32::Last time the Clippers lost 4 straight they ended up going on a 17 game win streak...
Hmmrhed::"The most recent activity is more relevant"  Those who don't learn from history are doomed to relive it my friend.
ShadowH2::Interesting observation.
The Angels will win a WS with Pujols and Trout::The most recent activity is more relevant.
Liam6552::@Hmmrhed.. haha nice one
Hmmrhed::Yeah - the problem is the 50,000 other times they lost 4 in a row they kept losing.
Minnysota Vikings::Alright, I'm out. Nice talking with you guys. Just remember that not all Minny fans are obnoxious :)
Shadrin 19::You are obviously the exception to that rule. Go to sleep loser
derek_510::shadrin why don't you try not being a d00.sh, it'll benefit you man thats real talk
The Angels will win a WS with Pujols and Trout::I didn't know any were.
ShadowH2::Hope you guys get healthy, your injury problems are almost worse than ours were.
ShadowH2::I've actually kind of liked facing the Clippers this year, it reminds me that we've got the GM that built most of their team, :D.
Shadrin 19::Liking your own posts gives you cancer
ShadowH2::Accept for I didn't like my own post...?
Hmmrhed::You got David stern as your GM?
ShadowH2::Lol, true.
Shadrin 19::@Rip City--- What you don't realize is 90% of the people repping the Clippers are Laker fans that jumped off the wagon to the Clips.
R1P_C1TY::When the blazers get em again tomorrow night, those fans will wish they had stayed with the lakers bandwagon!
Deaneer32::Not happening...Not at Staples
dane123646::After tonight, they might think about going back to LAL.
dane123646::Wow.  Just saw this.  Up 9 with 2 minutes to go and finding a way to lose.  The Clippers are in great danger of becoming the Clippers--that team we all know and love.
Deaneer32::You really start to realize how bad Jamal Crawfords shot selection is when his shots stop falling.
ShadowH2::Got so used to watching it last year. He dribbled it for 15 seconds and then took a bad shot, hated it.
565Zachary::The clippers were in the bonus and were down by only one, since crawford is a good foul shooter, he should of went to the basket instead of shooting a stupid jump shot
Minnysota Vikings::Who would win in a 1 on 1 between Jamal Crawford and J.R Smith?
Deaneer32::Tough one...I'd have to go with Crawford.
R1P_C1TY::Well, something we can all agree on: The Lakers are pitiful and hilariously bad this year!!!!!
The Angels will win a WS with Pujols and Trout::yup, and I'm a Laker fan.
Minnysota Vikings::shhhhhhh, you'll get banned by ESPN for talking truth about the Lakers
ShadowH2::And we're all loving every second of it.
The Angels will win a WS with Pujols and Trout::Clovis? LOL, that place is in the worst area of California. It is in the poorest area of California, aka sh ithole.
Liam6552::Whatever you say creep
The Angels will win a WS with Pujols and Trout::Yeah, whatever, Fresno meth head.
