7205Matthew::jason Terry is not giving Boston the scoring they need.
Badgerrick22::The Celtics are old, slow and devoid of talent! The 2 garbage men on the team need to apply at Waste Management! Garnett and Pierce could cover a whole city! LOL GO BUCKS! Get in the back seat $@%!$@.....
LetsGoBraves2012::im no celdicks fan, but if they want to challenge miami, new york, or chicago in the east come playoff time, they are gonna need to make a trade, a big trade. they should make lee, bass, sullinger, green, bradley, and all their picks expendable at this point to trade for DEMARCUS COUSINS. he is exactly what they need and im sure sacto would be willing to deal him for the right offer give the fact he is a headcase. once the trade is made which will probably gut bostons depth, they should sign delonte west and kenyon martin to vet min deals and maybe even chris birdman andersen. there you have it.
CrispyTear1281::Trade their whole bench and 1st rounders for 1 player.  Your $@%!$@% !$@%!$@%
HipNip2009::They should have re-signed Ray Allen.  This team will go nowhere.
Dave6673::Ya, they should have offered Ray more money than the Heat. Oh wait they did...
micheal3600::Ray knew the end was near for the celtics
nba is the worst::They tried.
ATLANTA BRAVES TOMAHAWK CHOP::Jason Terry is playing like a bum. needs to step it up for the C's.
sizzler2775::Maybe boston should explore a trade with Sac for Jimmer Fredette...thoughts? I'm not sure if it's possible or not, but maybe they could part with some expiring contracts, sullinger, or something. I believe if the C's can get a true shooter that can stretch the floor (Fredette), they would be much better on offense. Plus, Fredette would give them some youth and someone they can put in the back court with Rondo. Thoughts?
RR073Bman::@ Hugo,  I'm a Bucks fan.  If we're going to trade our youth, I'd want a pair in return that has value in the future.  I don't really see that in Lee/Barbosa.  You can have Gooden for free though.
RR073Bman::Stupid.  They need front court help.  They're already crowded in the backcourt.
RR073Bman::packersfanfrom89 - Actually my bad, I thought you were talking about Milwaukee.  Yeah I was talking about the Celtics.
packersfanfrom89::Actually my bad, I thought you were talking about Milwaukee.
packersfanfrom89::Lol fail. Try again.
Hugo Chavez is my homeboy::The real team we should be trying to explore a trade with is the one we just played.  Courtney Lee/Barbosa for Ekpe Udoh? They're so stacked at PF/C they don't really need him and they're starting Marquis Daniels of all people.
Hugo Chavez is my homeboy::Fredette is awful. Terry is a "true shooter"
SwiftyClown::The Landlord with 20 rebounds!  #LetsGoVCU
packersfanfrom89::Bucks 5-1 in the division, and more conference wins than anyone in the league.  Who woulda thunk!
nhraven52::Trade Pierce while he still has a little value.Hes only got 1-2 decent years left.
_I Am A Celtic_::nah
-LOS LAKERS::Damn.. Just like the Lakers, I thought the Celts were better than this...
dreamthr::Jason Terry stinks. He is a waste of a player. Celtics should have traded Ray Allen for O.J. Mayo when they had the chance. Jason Terry has shown nothing from game one.
-LOS LAKERS::Celtics should get DeMarcus Cousins, he looks like a good fit for the Celts.
_I Am A Celtic_::You really should educate yourself before posting.  They tried that trade, it didn't work out
eric-bledsoe-666::7  turn overs  4    jennings  guy blows clippers&gt;bucks&gt;celdiks
EuropeDude1981::Lebron, Carmelo and Durant all took their time before really blooming. I'd say the jury is still out on Jennings.Give him some time. He could still become a very usefull PG. Monta will stay what he has always been though
Barrk_40::January 15th-  Celtics trade Bass and Pierce for Gasol
_I Am A Celtic_::No, shutup
-LOS LAKERS::LOL! Never that!
Dave6673::Where are my KG lovers to tell me how awesome he is. 6-22 and no rebounding once again! Good God...Two and a half more years of that???
CTYHNTR::Everybody has a few off nights every now and then.
packwin42::Larry Sanders is a beast
garebearbobbi::yeah im not a big fan how skiles runs things...Sanders could turn into an animal very soon tho
dom5359::hes too inconsistent at the  moment, if he can be a force every night he will be an Allstar....thats my call
d_bokk::Sanders is the most consistent player on the team
marklenz24::Inconsistency could be due to the strange minutes Skiles goes through.
BearJWS::Look at him, he doesn't look like a skinny kid any more.  He's finally got an NBA build &amp; doesn't appear to be pushed around any more. Probably why he's playing the best ball of his career now.
nhraven52::Sometimes, but mostly vs Boston.
brunick1::"The trio of Rondo, Bradley and KG set an all time league high of 82 points allowed per 100 possessions during the second half of the season over an 800+ minute stretch at one point." Wow and other fans wanna act like Bradleys a scrub. Celtics strength has always been its defense and the lack there of this season is why this team currently sits at .500.
Dave6673::Hey, KG blows once again!
nhraven52::Nobody said hes a scrub, i just wouldnt put him in the hall of fame yet.
Barrk_40::We should not be losing when pierce is dropping 30+ on 50%+ shooting
nba is the worst::C's now a game behind last season's 14-12.  Why did terry shoot so bad ?
dreamthr::Because Terry stinks. Does everything wrong.
nhraven52::Last season doesnt matter, theyre also a year older.
CelticPatriot17::Please AB... Just come back soon.
nhraven52::I dont think hes the second coming of Jordan, but ok.
fuket01::I cant believe there wasnt a loose ball foul called when Green took an elbow to the face.
nba is the worst::Damn, Celtics lose again to these chuckers? Oh wait - it was another Jason Terry stinkfest.  I guess the only positive is that the defense was slightly better, at least until OT...
f0llowme::Larry Sanders should have 2 blocks but the box score only shows 1.. The play-by-play shows he blocked once in the 4th and once in OT.
_I Am A Celtic_::Gotta hand it to the Bucks . . . they have our number this season
brunick1::True
Bucky Scribner::Bucks take the season series 3-1.  Too bad we don't play them anymore this season...would be nice to pad on some more Ws against the weak, old Cs.
jeff050578::Celtics started off slow last year as well. Bucks are lucky they got the games out of the way early. Older teams start off slow and they also have to gel w/ Terry. I would not be surprised if the Celts make it to the ECF's again. They should make it to the 2nd round if they have a 6th or better seed. With that said. GO BUCKS
Bucky Scribner::2 of the 4 times they played this season, the Celtics had an off day before they met.  This game the Celts had a day off yesterday, and had played at home the night before so it wasn't a travel day.  Some teams just match up better with others, and it looks like the Bucks have the upper hand.
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Wow the Bucks backcourt cannot shoot.
nba is the worst::Bucks have 2 starters in the top 5 in bricks per game: 1. Westbrick 10.88 2. Kobe 10.84 3. 'Melo 10.77 4. Monta 10.76 5. Jennings 10.04 6. Gay 9.96 7. Felton 9.85 8. Harden 9.67 9. Aldridge 9.63 10. Waiters 9.45
brunick1::Shot good enough to beat the Celtics
brunick1::Yeah man they've been playing awful. Things arent looking too good right about now.
EuropeDude1981::seems that so far this year there's a 50/50 chance that anyone shoots good enough to beat the celtics
EuropeDude1981::I can't remeber any other backcourt ever that was simultaneously so horrible and so entertaining to watch
milw-jay::The Bucks missed 14 free throws and committed 21 turnovers, yet won.  Crazy this game we call basketball is.
dash2k4::Looks like the East is MIA and NYK this season. All the preseason predictions of Boston challenging Miami now sounds so foolish.
EuropeDude1981::I'm still not buying into the Knicks hype. They're 'new' and fun to watch but i get a sense they still need to pay some dues first
palsy360::The east belong to Miami. Boston's run is over
packersfanfrom89::Woofta.  Peirce definitely sounds like a baby from his post game quotes.  You got beat tonight.  Twice.  Complaining about fouls when you're the Boston Celtics at home vs the Milwaukee Bucks is reaching to say the least.
abdiraxman79::i agree, it almost sounds as foolish as saying the new york giants didn't beat us we beat ourselves. twice.  --a rodgers.
marklenz24::&gt;Implying Rodgers cried like a bytch after they lost to the Giants
J-SMOOVE669::im no celdicks fan, but if they want to challenge miami, new york, or chicago in the east come playoff time, they are gonna need to make a trade, a big trade.  they should make lee, bass, sullinger, green, bradley, and all their picks expendable at this point to trade for DEMARCUS COUSINS.  he is exactly what they need and im sure sacto would be willing to deal him for the right offer give the fact he is a headcase.  once the trade is made which will probably gut bostons depth, they should sign delonte west and kenyon martin to vet min deals and maybe even chris birdman andersen.  there you have it.
brunick1::Damn cant believe how many trolls were on here considering it was a friday night. Some life you guys lead.
milw-jay::Yours , too , apparently.
brunick1::I wasnt here actually try again.
ilovelamp129::Bucks fa liiiife
License to Lillard::2012:  Rough year for Boston sports in general.
Carbon-based::Ray Allen will show his second ring to kg and rondo
Carbon-based::Jason terry 4pts ? He sucks
Kobelies247::wow boston you really SUCK~
J-SMOOVE669::CELDICKS SUCK A$$ AND DICK AND BALLS.
abdiraxman79::for the people who keep saying we are losing because of the terry/ ray allen thing, that's false. the reason why doc replaced(once ray was healthy) allen with bradley was because the c's were a better team with bradley on the floor, the numbers proved that, also doc had to throw multiple screens to get ray allen open because he was much slower, and had a harder time getting separation, forcing the c's to waste valuable plays trying to find ray who couldn't shake defenders. jason terry has made a career of 4th quarter scoring, ask the miami heat...terry didn't play well tonight, and has struggled most of the season but please stop blaming him when our entire team has been inconsistent and outplayed by teams we should beat.
dash2k4::For all your essay, you didn't explain why the C's are lousy this year.  Being inconsistent is not an explanation. If you ask me, I'd say the reason is simple: age.
Basil5555::Celtics 13-13??? Wow, looks like they might be chumps.
palsy360::True
abdiraxman79::yeah it's the truth we suck right now. rondo said it best we are what are record says we are no more excuses, we either man up and play better or we'll remain the doormat of the eastern conference.
Magic was better than Jordan::Wizards are much worse than the bobcats
palsy360::Boston suck but Bobcats r the doormats of ec
dash2k4::Major respect for keeping it real.
abdiraxman79::brandon bass for larry sanders....
dawnsoto25@yahoo.com::Hell no
The God of Trolls Returns for the 6th Time::Jason Terry shooting a clutch 3 pointer... bricks...  Pierce: "Oh please Jason, you're not Ray Allen!"
Fafi-Heatle305::MY BOSTON LOSERs Hows it going ? a CHAMP IN DA HOUSE !!
Dave6673::Dude, you live in a city with the Marlins and Dolphins, I wouldn't blow my horn!
dogs::English.
Akron2Atlanta::are you Celtic fans really counting on Avery Bradley to come &amp; save the day? He's a bench player at peak. A stout defender. A nice kid. Just do me a favor and name 1 team that scared of Avery Bradley coming back to the Celtics
Rajon Rondo_::any team with a good SG
Grant672::Do you know why the Bucks won in overtime? Because Luc Richard Mbah a Moute dropped 20 points something no defense should allow! lol!
DragicDeath22::Rondo blows dick
FranklinPistachio211::The Bucks need to trade Jennings AND Ellis. Both are GARBAGE.
FranklinPistachio211::I'm not a C's fan, bruh.
TheBearsCantBeatGoodTeams::U MAD CUZ YOU LOST  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
abovethelies2::The C's look like a 7th seed lock.....
TheRealB.Young::LOL TERRY SUCKS
TheBearsCantBeatGoodTeams::FEAR THE DEER
impalass543::heat fans got beat on by the wizards so whos talkn
palsy360::Are u comparing the celts to the heat? Hahaha
Paul41066::The delusional fan is one who thinks that teams like the Celtics and the Lakers will continue playing this way thru an 82 game schedule and not make the playoffs.
TheBearsCantBeatGoodTeams::Cool. Make the playoffs and go NOWHERE. You're AT BEST 5th in the East.
