Ravi Mahalingam::Clippers deserve credit for this win. Blake Griffin was the best big man on the floor.  His play was more impactful than Dwight Howard's (Laker fans are very familiar with this).  Harden didn't have it tonight.  Clippers just got more high percentage shots and moved the ball better.  Beverley played well, but wasn't able to really impact Chris Paul or the scoreboard.  Lin had an excellent first half (and surprise they had a nice lead) and a bad 3rd quarter (and the Clips caught them).  By the time he got back in the 4th quarter, the game had entered Hack a Dwight territory and it seems that the air went out of the ball as the Clippers got good shots and the Rockets struggled to find one.  Houston just seems like a team with a lot of talent and a lot of problems.
Jean Chen::Yes Houston has Lot of talents but has a very bad coaching staff
Bredy Charles::Rockets are lucky to be 4-3. This team needs a new coach because their curet is an idiot and does not deserve to coach this team.
Bredy Charles::*current
Michael Huang::Rockets spent $88 million to sign a player whom they can't throw the ball to in the last 3 minutes of the game.  So sad.
Steve Blesson::And the Lakers were ready to pay 30M more for him! :)
Michael Huang::Steve Blesson - it was a blessing in disguise for the Lakers.
Henry Liao::This is the case with Shaq and many big men as well. Stop being bitter because Howard didn't want to play for Kobe.
Denzel Boksingero::Mchale will put Lin back in the dying minutes so he can get all the blame. mchale did that last season
Fan Cheng::ur right!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Denzel Boksingero::Fan Cheng, of course, I'm right. I was seething with anger throughout last season because of this. I know McHale's tendencies with regard to Lin:  1. Puts him in the dying minutes of losing games so he can blame Jeremy lin. 2. Plays him often with Harden so he'll not be able to play his game. 3. Subs him unreasonably when he's playing very well. 4. When Lin's chucking TOs, he'll not sub Lin but allows him to produce more TOs. 5.
Seal Rchin::Denzel Boksingero Interesting, so McHales whole plan was to pay Lin millions and do everything possible to lose games and blame Lin.  You are a GENIUS.
Brandon Donovan::Harden a no show again against the Clippers, Redick schooling him again, sad.
Fan Cheng::Lin +12 after 8 minutes goes to da bench what is goin on?
Thien Navarro::LOL, some people really thought that these two soft clowns (Harden and Dwight Coward) would be the second coming of Kobe and Shaq. Trust me, Kobe and Shaq had heart and were killers on the court. These two softies play like softies. One flops and gets a lot of bogus whistles and the other one has no post moves and can't even put up 20 points in this era. Pathetic
Michael Huang::Rockets made the playoffs last year as the 8th seed.  If they don't even make the playoffs this year, they can thank Dwight for making a difference.  Yes Dwight, you are indeed the man.
Bredy Charles::Fire this trash coach
Fan Cheng::I agree
Anderson Chua::when the rockets are losing Jeremy Lin gets Glued to the Bench.. on the other hand Patrick Beverley gets to play the full minutes even when he is shooting 1-10 so very clearly jeremy Lin is not as important to the Rockets ... expect him to be traded soon... I hope he gets traded ... this aint good for his developement.. and the chemistry for Houston aint good either..
Ayn Bland::Who else would want him?
Ares Gary::Lakers???? lol
Bredy Charles::Ayn Bland He will be included in a package
Denzel Boksingero::Lin, stop passing so much. You're not being respected as a point guard now. Just shoot.
Lap Le::Atleast he helping the team! Beverly is fking selfish and that why we losing fking do really bad when we need him
Justin Jenkins::Dwight Howard quits on the Lakers....goes to Houston....and the losses keep comin....and comin....2 straight home losses. LOL WOWWW
Marlon Dickerson::Why do the Lakers have so much hatred for Dwight. I can understand Orlando but the Lakers?
Reginald Park::Marlon Dickerson I'm actually thrilled that we got rid of Andrew Bynum in the deal - that was the real golden ticket!
Marvin R Hidalgo::Marlon Dickerson Maybe cause he left the Lakers? and Lakers are not used to anyone leaving them, Lakers let go players, not the other way around..
Denzel Boksingero::Harden and Lin on the floor really do not work. Last season proved that. The early part of the season proved that. Lin as the 6th man without Harden on the floor works much better for the team.
Wesley Cheng::Because Lin just passes when Harden is on the floor...
Michael Maiorano::dwight howard can't shoot straight and neither can harden kobe is laughing at both and anyone who thinks harden is better is a fool.  look at their #'s last year, particuarly shooting %
Bredy Charles::Kobe will be laughing watching the playoffs
Bredy Charles::Sekou Garrett laker fans living in the past lmaooo, enjoying your rebuild
Edwin Stagg::Bredy Charles naw homie houston aint never getting no rings and as of now and forever kobe 5 to cowards and hardens 0
Jarrod Schrunk::Why is Beverley starting again? Lin is an overall better player.
Bredy Charles::Bev should not be starting. Bev is can barely run…smh
Bredy Charles::Horrible coaching
Michael Huang::Not sure if coaching caused Harden to shoot 4-15, or Harden/Casspi/Garcia to shoot a combined 6-26, or Dwight to miss 6 free throws tonight after missing 11 in the previous game against the Lakers.
Bredy Charles::Michael Huang  The rockets started to iso harden and run the plays through him instead of feeding Howard. It is the coaches choice to slow down the game when the other team is shooting threes. It is the coaching decision to take out a player who commits multiple turnovers during a crucial moment in the 3rd qt.
Denzel Boksingero::Even if Lin plays 40 minutes a game, it does not matter much if he plays along with Harden. This is the issue. Harden barely passes the ball to Lin now and he does not allow Lin to run plays. Lin can play with Harden but Harden can't play with Lin. this is much clearer now. even if Lin only plays 20 minutes, those minutes are productive if he is allowed to play PG of the team. Lin should be made a back-up of harden, not of beverley. that way he can play his game with harden on the bench. not happening right now because McHale often plays lin with harden running the point.
Seal Rchin::Well the solution in that case would be a trade, but Rockets gave Lin such a huge back loaded contract (to make sure Knicks do not match) that next season Lin will be making somewhat less than LeBron. It's not that he makes as much as LeBron it's that he gets almost all of the money towards the end of the contract so any team getting this guy will have a HUGE payroll hit.
Bruce S Hirsch::McHale is a bit clueless now...if harden was so hurt ,,why so many minutes.....lin and harden don't work...okc didn't let him just leave...
Jean Chen::Yes I agree, that why it hard to get Lin traded, it better if Houston trade Lin if they not going to use him and Lin is better off with such bad coaching in Houston & McHale do not trust nor value nor appreciate Lin's ability and talent
Deshawn Greenfield::Lmao@ Harden as the top SG in the NBA, dude have a loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooong waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay to go. There's no way , he get's Alpha SG under his belt. Highly disrespectful to Kobe and Offensive to Wade.
Seal Rchin::So how many points did Kobe score yesterday? And Wade is hurt half the time.
Denzel Boksingero::10 seconds of James Harden--1 TO from Reddick steal, missed 3-point, and Reddick making driving layup. and 10-point lead for the Rockets goes 5.
Bredy Charles::Rocket fans have been through hell and when they finally get a nice team, the devil gives them a stupid, piece of trash coach.
Anderson Chua::Also .... the Patrick Beverley starting experimen does not seem to be working so great...
Denzel Boksingero::Clippers will use a Hack-a-Dwight strategy this 4th quarter.
Lon Luna::Houston, you have a problem.
