Tony::What makes Portland so lethal is they have so many guys who can shoot the three, and they are a great free throw shooting team. Plus C.J. McCollum will be back anytime now, and he will provide another great three point shooter. I just hope Stotts plays him at least 15 minutes a game. The guy has one of the best first steps to the rim I have seen in a long time, and he can light it up. It's nice to see a team that went in the dumps the last 20 games of last season spend the offseason getting a bench, a center who frees up Aldridge to play his natural position. Portland is a clutch team, it should bode well in the playoffs, but that is a ways away, just enjoy it as we go.
Chris M::Portland has now beat all the top teams and division leaders - except the Heat, bring on the Heat, they are next.  I really can't wait til McCollum laces up.  Kid is a  mix of Lillard and Matthews - Mo is going to see his minutes drop.  I want to see the Blazers go small with LA, Batum, Lillard, Matthews, and McCollum for about five minutes a game - I mean just run and gun, spread the floor, and get it on - nea is athletic enough for that five. Enjoy the RIP - RIDE.
Just Sayin::Can the Clippers at least make it to the conference finals this year?  Just Sayin
fernando::2 more things.....Rip City is for real, and they do have a big man in the middle who can take up space grab some boards and score a couple baskets....then they have big Aldridge, who is one of the best if not THE best shooting bigman in the league (Nowitzki is the  only other one that good)...he is clutch and WILL be there in the clutch, he has grown into his role...big ups to the blazers....regarding the Clippers, they are one of the most exciting teams, playing great defense with RIvers at the helm, but they will NOT go far in the playoffs until they get some help with interior D and rebounding, if they do not give up that extra 2nd or 3rd offensive rebound, they win close games they ve recently lost...and we miss Caron Butler, who was a good dfender and clutch performer, unlike the sac of #$%$ named Dudley! get RID of him!
Hair Club Dooley::I can't wait until New Years and celebrating with all of you guys doing the count down then smooching my computer screen.
Chris S::Normally I'd say a team that lives by the 3 also dies by it, but Portland has so many guys to shoot it now.  Everyone in the starting lineup but Lopez can, and 4 more guys off the bench (when McCollum is healthy).  Fun games.
Rich::I liked the Clippers better when they had Mike "Combover" Dunleavy as head coach strolling the sidelines in his cheesy looking cheap suits.  Barrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrron Davis was the point guard, and he ran any play except the one Dunleavy called.  Those 19-63 Clippers were more fun than the CP3/Blake Clips.
Brian::No freaking way. Griffin was smothering him!
Steve W::How about Portland letting Leonard go to the Nets and get another player to add for the future?   Myers COULD be a need that Brooklyn would want and also develop there with more playing minutes.
Just Sayin::Clipper fans are delusional Merry Christmas.
