dash2k4::Just for fun: Lamar Odom makes 8 mil a year and he averages 2.7ppg while shooting ~35%. I think I could do that! Where do I sign up?
The Prophet formally known as USTNA::no you couldn't... however, you DO have a better shot of sitting on the Laker bench. You might even be an upgrade.
The Prophet formally known as USTNA::9 wins in a row coming up! Thanks Milwaukee for...well...being Milwaukee.
Pau Gasol.::The Bucks are actually a decent team, can't sleep on them.
coljetsfan::The Clippers are better than Miami.  They have a better core, a superior bench and they are playing well together.  They have really gelled and they are going to be tough to beat.
coljetsfan::Where is everyone?  Maybe they're over in the Heat chat trying to convince themselves that LeBron and the Big Three are still masters of the universe.   Whatever.
coljetsfan::The Clippers are definitely for real.  The are looking so good, it's hard not  to consider them NBA Finals contenders.  They have a 7 game lead on the other LA team (forgot their name) and 8 straight wins is the most is 21 years.
Zenaholic::I keep trying to tell people that L.A.'s doing good this year...but not the Lakers!
Damilola8870::what happened to Lamar odom?
jamal -crawfor-666::he  felt  ackward  but  is  okay
Indychase22897::Good Game Clipper fans. Bobcats kept it close. Hopefully we will get y'all next time.
gfugi1111::2nd best team in LA won tonight
Ivanc365::Sorry, but the Lakers were off tonight.
jamal -crawfor-666::lol
Neil826::the clippers barely beat a rose less bulls team then barely beat the worst team in nba history but are now the favorites in the west?
witelightnin::This post shows how little you know about the NBA.
Matt83882::Charlotte already beat their record from last year and Kemba is having an outstanding season thus far.
sduke1986::It's the NBA dude, it's not like college.  They are all professionals and any team can win or play you close on any given night.  These Bobcats are not the same ones from last year either.  People who talking about barely winning show their lack of knowledge of the game.  Winning is what's important.
jamal -crawfor-666::youre mad and i like that
sduke1986::So Hendo only played 20 minutes?  Are they trying to bring him along slowly after his injury, or just that stupid?  He was the leading scorer on the team last season and now they aren't starting him?  What a joke.
ShuttupDonny::Lee&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Griffin
jamal -crawfor-666::what ever makes  u  feel  better
Td4mvp3::how the hell did we get beat by the utah jazz...I am so embarrased right now...the whole city of san antonio is hanging its head in shame...now I know how the heat felt when they lost to the wizards
kcrew123::jazz are great at home. no shame
jamal -crawfor-666::i'm glad the clippers beat the jazz at home and the spurs x2 so far
Ivanc365::That looks like the same one the Lakers fans use late May, early June.
dooder69::The Clips almost have to sign CP3. I love Bledsoe. But frankly? He's not a starting PG. Or put more correctly? He's not getting enough experience. Doesn't look like they are looking to make him their future PG.  Clips have some tough decisions to make. My guess? They sign CP3. Make BG/DJ/CP their core group going forward. Either way. DTS is going to have to reveal if he really wants to put a winning product on the court. Re-signing CP will definitely silence the doubters.
Azienkid::That lost to Oklahoma really hurt Charlotte's confidence....
matty2669::lac rocks nice win
jamal -crawfor-666::the truth  is  the  clippers  are a  great  team  this  year,but  how  will they  look  next  year,is  cp3  going 4  the  extension or  does he  go  2 another  team,thats  what  really  has  me  thinking. either  way   lets  get  a  win  in  milwakee,lets goooo clippers
TheBREEZ369::lol cp3 isn't going anywhere, doesn't anyone realize HE made this team and he's not one to back out early... but you're probably not a real clipper fan and you sound like a moron
dooder69::He will get a max contract next year. Blake's max contract kicks in next year. Bledsoe on a rookie scale contract. Next year he will want at least mid-level. Something has got to give. Not to mention Barnes will want a huge raise.
smackdog1::Well said, CP3 isn't going anywhere. He is the defacto General Manager since Oshely left last year he as full input on every new player aquisition in the past 2 years. FOLKS YOU'RE WITNESSING A NEW DYNASTY IN L.A. AND IT ISN'T THE LAKERS ANYMORE!!!!!
REDUCE523::If by any chance he leaves we  have bledsoe.
LobCityCP32BG32::yeah bledsoe is good insurance...but...I'd cry if CP3 leaves
jamal -crawfor-666::yeah true that
gigante::I've been wrong about Matt Barnes. Matt, I'm sorry. Please don't hit me.
smackdog1::It's hard to shine on a consistent basis when you have the number one BALL HOG in NBA history on your team name KOBE BRYANT.
LobCityCP32BG32::I don't blame you...he didn't look great playin' for the lakers...then again...no one looks good playing for the lakers
jamal -crawfor-666::i  know  even  when  butler  whas  there,the  only  one  that  played  good  there  was  lamar odom,not  even turiaf
Minnysota Vikings::Clippers have a great roster. Vinny Del Negro is all that's holding them back.
mrrbi4u::Disagree. Vinny is great--the best coach in the NBA.
LobCityCP32BG32::I don't know...I mean...can they be better? maybe...but they do like playing for Vinny...that has to count for something
BigBootie88::Clipper nation Baby! Lakers actually lookin UP at the clippers who wouldve thought?
HOLLOW51386::it only took how many years?lol
LobCityCP32BG32::the entire clippers roster...apparently
katx5h::How good is Chris Paul? How about a nearly FOUR TO ONE assist/turnover ratio, which a) exceeds Rondo, the only PG in Paul's league in terms of offense management and b) blows away every other player in the league who averages at least 5 assists a game.  Favorite player fashizzle.
Neil826::he's 0-8 against the bulls when d rose plays, you can't say that he's the best if he can't beat him at least 1 time.
LobCityCP32BG32::paul is that one pg that you want on your team at the end of the game...that's why he's better than rondo
kcrew123::And he can make his FTs
katx5h::Right, cuz he can shoot from multiple spots on the court, not just the left elbow.
katx5h::And you've got to see him live and in person to truly appreciate it.  Unfortunately, I've only done this once -- but IT WAS AWESOME.
sunny6jay::clippers going to the finals i dont know yet about winning it all but they gong to the finals
gt1master_ike::The depth on this LAC team is just exceptional.  Seriously, VDN gets at least a B just for having the Clippers at the record they are at without overworking any one player. Chris Paul leds them in minutes a only 33 per game.
mrrbi4u::What can Vinny do many better? Seriously. Maybe when Steve Nash gets back he'll shine???
welcum2heartbreak::Good job tonight Clips..Matty B and EBled hats off,both of you keep bringing the Heat. LO looking better, keep hustlin. Jcraw keep doing what you do. A Tribe called Bench is in full effect!
SMILEYA.K.A DOLLARSMILES::Clippers will never win with Vinny he's not a real coach..........
LobCityCP32BG32::explain how they're winning right now? and second round playoffs last season is not bad at all
jamal -crawfor-666::i know matt barnes is playing well,bledsoe and lamar is getting better,they'll be better in the playoffs this year,i just hope they stay healthy,so they can take it another notch
Kingkanyon12::That's what people said about Heat's head coach.
WareTheTDsAt::Bobcats made that way harder then it should have been! lol good game!
WareTheTDsAt::God damn it Bobcats!!! you made this game way harder then it had to be!!! lol good game!
The Real Andre Herring::huh?
The Real Andre Herring::Potato
pantherfan2488::BIZ is lookin more and more confident
SteeleKen::it's a shame that my Lakers' woes get more pub than the success of this current Clip's squad...this is not last years run n gun hope it goes in team...it's no secret who's boss of So Cal (sigh)...imagine for if the Clip's had pulled that game out against OKC....14-4 over last 18 and yet they barely get a mention on ESPN....
el_G::ESPN loves the drama.  It's getting boring seeing the same old "what's wrong with the Lakers" stuff on TV every night.  If it's truly ESPN Los Angeles, then they should give the airtime to the team that's more fun to watch, which is the Clippers.  Lakers will turn it around though, but the Clippers are so deep that they are the better team overall.
Archbob1::anyone can tell you whats wrong, they suck.
jay.r::Who cares
Nathanater24::cry about it
Kingkanyon12::I think the lakers deserve that attention, they've been that bad, actually their the only one's getting attention, I don't mind it though, Mike-D shouldn't have got hired over phil that's a joke, if not phil they should have gone with Nate, he's a far better coach. He and sloan are the best FA coaches and if they were on a team both would be top 10.
ArtieSullivan::KGW, BIZ and MULLENS look promising but I rather have CP3, DJ and GRIFFIN
Mark Serano::Idk but I'm guessing Kemba's middle initial is G...
Budd1087::Who is KGW?
Soonerhopeful1::I like to think of Bobcats as a up and coming decent team; which then makes this Clippers win, look Good on the road.   Which means Clippers are a top NBA team..  I think Bobcats have turned the corner and a  team which deserves some respect.
big1366::idk wat is goin on we just cant finish a game
dannycraq::Well you never had a lead for the most part, so im confused.
big1366::cats
pantherfan2488::Cats? or Clippers?
jamal -crawfor-666::clippers
pantherfan2488::If we have mullens come off the bench, and the coach set specific plays for him.  He will do better.  Biyombo needs to develop into a scorer.  Also, I liked that we were finishing at the rim on offense even though we lost this game.
Kingkanyon12::If their not scoring coming in the league they will never be.
Jookmon::good effort from cats to make for interesting game
MafiosoSpaghetti::+8.5 by the great bobcats ty
jezeep::Barnes was on fire tonight
Jthizz69::Ya great game 'Cats fans.  I'm really sorry for the position MJ has put you guys in, you deserve better, but the future looks bright.
Shafe95::Another good win fellas.  See ya next game.
Pau Gasol.::Bobcats are fighters, best of luck to them. Classy fans too. Good luck this season.
Budd1087::We are a garbage team. Never can draft quality players, get rid of our talents for next to nothing.
Sir Gunner::Thanks broski.
big1366::thanks man same to yall
big1366::good game clippers fans yall are good guys and have a great team good luck
Shafe95::likewise
Sir Gunner::Time to study on my finals.
Jthizz69::lol just finished my last final but I still have a 10 page take home...
Sir Gunner::Good luck to you. Brah.
dont_hate_the_playa_hate_the_game::5 sec left, up by 7...and you foul. STUPID
aussieking2::WHAT A FUCKKING SET UP GAME.....ASSHHOLLES CUNTTTTTTTTTTSSSSSSSSSSSSS
martinfairley::tired of these set up games,.
jezeep::lol
wink614::this guy is on every message board complaining about a lost bet. get a new hobby.
jezeep::so you were going for the Clippers? at +7.5?
andysherman44::like they would spend the time to fix a bobcats game
big1366::get a life dont waste ur money bettin
waldo3777::sorry man i win you lose
aussieking2::FUCKK YOU CUNTSSSS DIE A PAINFULL DEATH
Shafe95::Sucks man.  You were close.
Sir Gunner::You should find a new hobby. Betting ain't cutting it for you.
TCluvcarpanthers::Ahahahahhahahhahahahahaha.
Chadwik93::lol
wink614::HAHAHAHAHAH
DZHU96::lmfao
SteeleKen::lol..don't bet it if you can't lose it fool
aussieking2::DAMN
big1366::hahahahahahahhahahahahah
AGirlThatLovesSports_::good effort cats!!!
aussieking2::NO MORE SCORE
waldo3777::i  win you lose sorry man
aussieking2::FUCKK YOU CUNTTTTT
TCluvcarpanthers::Hahahahahaahahahahahaha.
aussieking2::FUCKKK YOU  $@%! DIE A PAINFULL DEATH
Chadwik93::haha
wink614::LOOOOOOOOSERRRRRR
jezeep::whats your bet?
LobCityCP32BG32::is that mullens or nowitzki?
TCluvcarpanthers::Oh, it's Mullens.
