clippers_own_zbo_and the cubs::globe trotters  i mean clippers are mor exciting than this wak as brooklyn team -lob city
xmanfolife::D-Jordan's was better......
BloodBard::Must of been a slow night for dunks because this one was pretty weak !
xmanfolife::Robin Lopez is weak......period.
jrtall3n7::Dunk against his twin brother though, makes it a little better
NetsMagazine8::LOVE MY NETS!!
iownamicrowave::Looks like a lot of great conversation took place here tonight.
angelgr89::Brook Lopez is so good. Wish the Nets didnt give all of that money to Gerald Wallace
TakeAChance51::I started playing an online betting system called SportsBettingStar.  Since I started, Ive made an average profit of $3,000 a month.  I really hope that this reaches someone that is looking for an online betting system that really works.
TakeAChance51::Been following a betting system named SportsBettingStar the last few months.  Ive made around 2-3k per month in profits using the systems advice.  You will find this system on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
TakeAChance51::Been betting with an online system called SportsBettingStar for a few months.  Ive made over $3,000 a month now for 3 straight months since I started following it.  This system was on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
TakeAChance51::Ive been following a system for betting lately called SportsBettingStar.  In just 2 months time, Ive averaged $3,000 a month in profits.  I found this system on the first page of google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
Ontario925::If LJ wins 6 more rings in the next 8 years can he be finally called better than MJ being that he has 7 rings and MJ only has 6 rings?
NYChe21::As long as we're speculating about the future......when Lopez has 5, will he be better than Shaq?  And will the first mission to Mars be called Operation Jetson?
Ardijan4385::I don't think he'll win 6 more. Wade is exiting his prime and the new CBA is gonna screw the Heat over pretty soon. People will always find excuses if it were to happen though. They'll bring up Jordan's two years off after each title which could have been more titles (which just might be true).
whatsanoa::Nope, there's still going to be that "Different Era, More All Stars" argument.
KLOE416::Hornets have been playing SOOOOOOO much better since Austin Rivers has been out. Coincidence? I think not.
irishpitts::Austin Rivers was playing very well before he got hurt clown. We've been playing very well since Davis started playing like a star
Mets2410::I was looking at some advanced stats to see how bad Reggie Evans really is, and I saw Rivers is last in the entire league in Value Added and Estimated Wins Added.
Ontario925::If the Heat blow this year's one it will be a much harder pill to swallow than losing to the Mavs two years ago. This time they will not be the underdogs but the favorites by the most they ever have in their franchise history. That is the difference. The Bulls, Lakers,and Spurs didn't blow their Final when they were giant favorites.
Aperazo::Did Ryan Anderson play?  Shows 1 min in the box
tani_budde::Shouldn't, he was out with an illness
Mike02414::When you have a lot of new players working together, it takes time to jell. Even the Heat had problems at the beginning. Stop bashing PJ and realize the Nets may yet win the division.
NYChe21::Playing Reggie Evans 30 minutes a game opens up the can of harsh criticism regardless of how well they're playing.
djny2k12::No one can beat the Heat right now the way they are playing....it's a rhetorical question!
fourteen dollarz the hard way::But can they beat the Heat?
fourteen dollarz the hard way::Nets and every other NBA team season will be over after playing the Miami Heat in the playoffs
Aperazo::Def
Mike02414::You mean every other EAST team. Whoever wins the west will really test them.
jrtall3n7::Spurs
fourteen dollarz the hard way::Who? They will Smash any team from the west
Ontario925::Yes we heard they will be the second coming of the 1996 Bulls this year guaranteed by Heat fans since July 2010.
fourteen dollarz the hard way::I don't like the heat i just know what I see..
Ontario925::Weird scores tonight. The Spurs are losing by 20 in the 4th against the Timberwolves and the Celtics lose by 26 to the Bobcats.
NYChe21::Duncan and Leonard not playing in that one.
fourteen dollarz the hard way::after beating the thunder classic let down game
whatsanoa::Brooks is finally getting some time. Puts up 14 pts, not looking much into +/- right now cause they ended up winning. Only if DWill can put up these #s vs top teams tho
Thedevil25::P.j is starting to go with Lopez and Blatche more.  I would just like to see this as the starting lineup
jrtall3n7::It's nice though to have Blatche come in and dominate opposing 2nd units.
21xxxv::This team, Hornets, need a stable mature and veteran Head coach. They have no idea, how to win.
njhaines::Agreed, as a Hornets fan I've been screaming how overrated Monty Williams is as a head coach. Made the playoffs with Chris Paul....big whoop. Got lauded for winning two playoff games against a sorry Lakers squad that got destroyed in round 2.   Wins 21 games last season and the media says they play hard every night and even got him some Coach of the year votes.  This year they'll win 30 games and everyone will say he did the most with less.
Mets2410::they are the youngest team in the league. in a few years they'll be mad good.
fourteen dollarz the hard way::What hap to D will, not the same player he was in Utah
NYChe21::He's been hurt until the All Star break.  Yawn.  When did you wake up?
njhaines::21 pts on 20 shots, not impressed.
djny2k12::He dropped 21 pts. 13 assists tonight!!
Porkchop8920::and an absolute beast since the ASG!!!!!!!!!!!!
fourteen dollarz the hard way::he's been a disappointment thus far
Mets2410::solid win Nets way to bounce back from last night! good game hornets fans, good luck to you guys as the pelicans.
fourteen dollarz the hard way::Thank god they covered
Thedevil25::I just think come playoff time the nets should really think about bringing Evans off the bench and going with another scorer to start.
thekola::if they're gonna make that switch, they can't wait until the playoffs start. I agree that they should start either Blatche or MT3
Thedevil25::Agree
773terry::Way to finish strong Nets!!
tani_budde::Way to go refs! Yeah!
NYChe21::Wow.  Are you a Knicks fan?
tani_budde::Don't self-like loser.
tani_budde::Free throws to go at 8:30 to go after some phantom calls that were cried about from D-Will.  Yes.
brooklynnets7::really, you're blaming your loss on the refs?
rayjayisle::and for those crying the brooks doesnt get enough playing time, look he is having a good game for him, 14 points and guess who the only net with a negative plus/minus is
TakeAChance51::I started following this online betting system called SportsBettingStar a couple of months ago.  Ive made about $3,000 a month since I started using it.  I was looking for a handicapper one day and just google searched for Sports Betting Systems and it was right there on the first page.
mikeyjm1412::I lost 5k to this betting services! It is a bunch of balogna
jmo08730::Glad to see D-Will putting up elite numbers again.
TheJTram::Trust me, Nets fans know our coach sucks. After all, he was responsible for the 12-70 season with a healthy Brook Lopez and Deron Williams. We hate Lawrence Frank too you guys are not alone lol
jmo08730::Plus when the Nets did get him he was injured and didn't really play that year, he shot like 35%.
rayjayisle::our coach was not pj it was avery johnson
Mets2410::rayjay he's talking about lawrence frank how he was the nets coach for the 0-18 start during 12-70 and he's a pistons fan and now frank is their coach
TheJTram::Oh...um well...this is awkward
jmo08730::No that was the next year.
jmo08730::Williams was on the Jazz that year.
Mets2410::that was the year after 12-70
TheJTram::Deron Williams got traded half-way through the season wasn't he? For Derrick Favors and Devin Harris
Ontario925::You never can take these Sixers and Bobcats teams too lightly to start games in the first half because they show that they can kill heavily favored opponents.
TakeAChance51::I started betting a system called SportsBettingStar.  Ive made around 3k per month for 3 straight months now using this system.  You can find this system on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
TakeAChance51::Been betting with an online system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months. I have made over $3,000 a month now for three straight months since I started following it. This system was on the very first page of Google when I searched for  Sports Betting Systems. It is extremely popular and if you have not heard of this system I highly recommend it.
where4740::2 Chainz #2 on MTV's hottest MC list, what yall think
TheJTram::Lmfao....are you serious...damn he even got NOMINATED for a Grammy. Wow our generation has fallen
rayjayisle::the pj bashing really should stop, doesn't anyone realize this nets team has had a combined winning percentage over the last 3 years of near 27%.  Joe Johnson is the only real addition this year with Reggie Evans, needless to say neither has had an awesome year yet the nets are hovering a little below 60% win percentage.  how about being happy for that
rayjayisle::lopez was on the team the previous two years and the nets win percentage in those two was about  22%
Thedevil25::It's a whole new team
djny2k12::This team has a alot of talent...previous years Nets were throwing out the likes of johan petri, travis outlaw, vujacic, damion james, need I go on....
TheJTram::According to yall, his messed up rotations are basically things our coach does. The difference though is, yall can win games despite that. We can't
Porkchop8920::Brook Lopez is basically an addition this year too, and also Blatche
GSPFEDKOBE24::LETS ALL TAKE A MOMENT TO LAUGH AT THE CELTICS FOR LOSING TO THE BOBCATS BY 26 HAHAHAHHAHAHA
Ontario925::That was bad. I mean the Nets blew out the Sixers in Philly last time they played them.
djny2k12::Yesterday's loss really hurt....Nets should've beaten the sixers and failed to take advantage. Every game matters now in the standings!
Thedevil25::The sixers shot like what from the field last night.  It was just one of those nights.  Can't do anything about it.
Ontario925::Unbelievable. That is twice this season I think by them.
Thedevil25::That's awesome.  They lose along with the hawks.  I'll take it
jaykel0621::The usual 4th at suck job by the Hornets
djny2k12::So nice to see Lopez and Blatche on the floor at the same time!!!
Ontario925::Knicks and Nets actually play a lot better when their top superstar players are out of their lineup. I say as a coach make there big paid guys sit in the seats and watch the much lower paid guys play who will play with much more heart and passion. If the owner wants to fire me then go ahead make my day. The team fallout after I'm fired is on you owner.
nets1fan_::B~LO!!!!
mikeyjm1412::The pelicans are losing? OH MY GOODNESS!
thekola::i thought you could only look at replays under 2 min?
brooklynnets7::litteraly i am so frustrated how the Nets have had like 300 comments every game for the past 4 games.
derek_510::you are frustrated because of that?  reevaluate your life my man
thekola::y?
jaykel0621::Come on Nornets had it to 2 before the 4th, have some pride, getting dominated
iNeeroX::lol triple teamed
nets1fan_::Give that hornet a metro card for his travel....
bigrihan24::did Ryan Anderson get hurt??
Pocketsixes666::Knicks&gt; Nets  (common sense)
nets1fan_::knickers=female underpants
rod567::The Knicks &amp;@$/ ballsacks!
TheJTram::On the bright side...I can get Hump on 2k MyTeam for only 250 VC lol and he's a silver player &lt;.&lt; Quite a bargain
nets1fan_::And1!!!!
TheJTram::Hmm that Brooks kid gets buckets...he should get more time though
iNeeroX::and..once pj is fired at the end of the season
nets1fan_::He will get more time when his defence improves...
iNeeroX::alright but pj is the worst coach at making rotations decisions
TheJTram::Our Frank beats him at that too lol. I remember one game where he had Maxiell's undersized a.ss guarding Brook Lopez who would clearly destroy him lol
iNeeroX::too bad our coach is a idiot
thekola::marshon usually displays questionable D and bball IQ but tonight he's been better in those respects so he's getting more time
TheJTram::Have you seen our coach? He makes your coach look like Frank Vogel lol
