Brian Sutherland::Coach...The Blazers have a coach who has them believing, everything from closing out games that are close and knowing its the blazers to win to lamarcus knowing he has another gear and he knows he can score on anyone in a clutch situation....he wants the ball. this is new, last year they gave him the ball because the coach wanted him to believe he can lead and the experience of having the ball at the end of the game and taking the shot was practice for this year and years to come. Aldridge now knows hes  the BRoy on this team now, he is getting the ball at gametime, this feeling coupled with having Lillard who can single handedly take over a game and has this instinct already in him. he knows hes good and he knows he can take over a game.....with both of these things in place, the rest of the blazers...Batum, Mathews, lopez(great addition to their chemistry..ie  Buck Williams) and crew, not to mention Mo Williams(holy s...) how did we get this guy? this team is good......RIP CITY BABY, were red hot and Rolling, were going to be very tough to beat this year
David Steinle::Gotta love another loss, Bucks fans. Keep on tanking boys. Wiggins is not a pipe dream.
Mike Barbano::Sadly I actually agree.  The only way for a small market team like our home town Bucks to have a chance is to grab a superstar in the lottery.  I hope we can get a 1 or 2 pick this year because Henson and Sanders and Wiggins/Randle could be scary!
Kyle Miller::Blazers in a blowout. My Bucks have started the season off perfectly. Let the losing continue!
Ryan Richy::its a race to the draft lol
Don Layton::For people wondering why Portland got so good all of a sudden, remember that last year, they were in contention for the 4th spot in the West for half the year. The lack of depth killed them as the season wore on. But the starting 5 were as good as any in the NBA.   This year, the Blazers are better for quite a few reasons.  1. LMA is better playing next to a true center. 2. Lopez is better (at his position) than Hickson was last year. 3. Lillard is distributing the ball better. 4. Matthews is on fire. In fact, the Blazers have shooters all over the place. 5. The Blazers have a solid bench with Willliams, Robinson, Freeland and Wright leading the way. 6. There is a renewed emphasis on defense.
Jason Schwanke::Mo Williams is the reason portland is so much better than last year. depth was the issue last year. the starting 5 was always good, but with no bench at all the blazers would wilt down the stretch in many games. Mo has been absolutely huge and his value cannot be overstated. 6th man of the year candidate. his ability to come in and run the offense to perfection, spell lillard and also play alongside lillard and wesley matthews is key.
Sean Potts::Lopez doesn't hurt and neither does freeland emerging.  Plus Wright is pretty good beyond the arc!
Ryan Etch::Sean Potts lets not forget the young PF Robinson, he won us that suns game with his energy that he brings every night, I love are young team
Sean Blaser::Honestly I like mo and all but as the season goes on we might sewe the shoot or die version of mo the one that'll either shoot you into games or completely shoot you out of games
Kevin Farmer::Milwaukees got this, they should lose by at least 15. Top five pick here we come.
Tyler Moss::Bucks need Ryan Braun
David Steinle::I'm loving every loss!
Michael Winter::GO BLAZERS!!!
Brad Burchett::I wish the Trailblazers would cross teams up and finish them off with 2's. Get ahead with the three...put em away with the two!
K.j. Keppler::Look at who we've beat on this win streak.  I'm not saying we aren't winning games we're supposed to win which is new for us. The next 10 games will tell us more of who this Blazer team is this year.  Great start but don't get to excited just yet.
Ryan Etch::people can down play are schedule all they want, we are blowing people out on their home court, every team in the nba is good they are all professionals. we are tied for the best road record in the nba right now, I think we will be fine
Adam Sowa::Ryan Etch   Didn't blow out toronto.  It was tied after 48 minutes.
Ryan Etch::Adam Sowa we dominated the whole game, we were up by as much as 17 and we let off the gas and we still won by 8. do you really want to argue this?
Brandon Tigues::the blazers used to be a terrible road team last year now they've won 6 games on the road already..wow
John Luttrell::Yes is an under .500 team again but  4 wins on the road is impressive!  Go Blazers!
Matt Johnson::Portland has something they haven't had in a long long time this year depth. :) GO BLAZERS BABY MAKE IT 8 S8
Tyler Moss::This Bucks team is so random. A lot of good pieces but no star power. Blazers should finish this road trip off with a nice easy win in Milwaukee.
Mark Lenz::I'm a Bucks fan, but I hope you're right.
Tyler Moss::Brandon Knight has a ton of potential. I'm a big fan of that guy
Ian Brennan::Alright people after reading all your comments I have to say this... First Mo Williams is not he reason Portland has done so well its because everyone from the Bench has stepped up and improved immensely.  Lopez is a big Reason were not getting blown out because he's finally a Big that can block and get physical. Freeland and Robison are a big part as well coming in to back up Aldrige and Lopez. Second Blazers starting five are producing all star numbers! Wes Wes shooting 53% from downtown is unreal, and Blazers avg. 109 points per 100possesions is good for 3rd in the leauge! Lillard has got to be stoked the way the things are shaping up around him, blazers are finally looking like a legit team plus thier all young coming to fruition. Plus McCullum hasn't even hit the hardwood yet... Rip City!
Jason Schwanke::Mo williams is still the biggest reason the bench is improved. Freeland is obviously better than last year and better than Myers was last year. Robinson is inconsistent and still makes a lot of mistakes. probably 1 out of every 3 games he is actually paying well and contributing value other than spelling LA for a few minutes. Dorrell Wright has yet to really make an impact as well. the whole bench is definitely improved but dont take away from the awesome 6th man of the year caliber play of Mo to this point. he is the key to our 4-man group coming off the bench. would love to see Wright find his rhythm with this team within the next couple weeks. that will add even more. as for the starters, they have always been good. last year they could score with anyone. lopez is huge just because of his presence in the paint obviously, but the defense is still so suspect at this point so his impact i think could be slightly over blown. regardless, i am happy to be 9-2 and have a team that looks like he could beat anyone it faces right now. gotta shore up the defense eventually though because the ridiculously hot shooting will cool off. the offensive numbers are not sustainable over an 82 game schedule.
Matt Andresen::Jason Schwanke Undersized guy who is horrible on defense!
Edo Kajan::How bout them "Rip City Rhapsody" going for 10-2 im happy for them and the #NBA #improved
Brad Glanry::RIP CITY !!!! BULLS NEXT!!!
Matt Johnson::Talent wise this game should be a blowout GO BLAZERS
Doug Ashcraft::Rip City is back!  Keep it up Portland!
Brandon Couch::Going for 8 straight!
Tony Prudom::Please explain Ridnour playing 75% of the point guard minutes. Wolters played OK in Luke's absence. If the Bucks are going to suck (and they do), why not do it with young players who may develop. Ridnour stopped developing at Oregon ... OVER 10 years ago. Same with Giannis ... either ship him to the D-League to get some experience, or give him some playing time. He's not going to get better by sitting and watching!
Dustin Wagner::Bucks have a playoff worthy team that is ravaged by injuries.  If they get healthy, they will make a run for it.  But as an avid fan, I hope they do not get healthy, and Kohl see's the truth in things.  That we as fans want to see a young team grow together and play there hearts out, even while losing, knowing that chemistry is being built and we will have a top pick.  I am one of many who are sick and tired of this push for 8th every single season.
Tony Ellis::Is Ersan playing in this game? Milwaukee still might make somewhat of a run this season once they get healthy. Ersan, in particular, is a very, very good player, and Sanders will be fine once he comes back. There aren't many better post defenders than Sanders. He just needs to learn to be less hot-headed.
John Bryan::Don't know whether the Blazers are a playoff team or not this year. But it sure is fun watching the chemistry of this team build and get better with every game. The most exciting ball I've seen out of this team in many years. Keep it up Blazers.
Nick Campbell::So far these teams are pretty evenly matched. Someone has to pull away though. (My money is on Portland) I really like watching Ridnour play ball, very fundamental player.
Ryan Richy::Trailblazers got money balled! Finding talent at its point of likely break out. Lopez, Robinson, Wright... Dont sleep on Meyers learning how to play big man D. We should be #3-4 seed easy
Eric Worstell::easy? hmmm.... even as much of a homer as i am... i would never say that
Ryan Richy::Eric Worstell  the offensive system with the players we have and ball movement is beautiful to watch. it looks easy, natural. good teams make things look easy, not rushed, confident.
Eric Worstell::Ryan Richy im not saying they aren't good or anything. but 3-4 seed easily? west is too deep to say things like that. its been a great start, but even the players know, we got a looonnngggg way to go.
