Lqlbron::The lakers have gotten at least 10 more FT's a game than their opponent the last 6 games  1st in the league in fouls for 30th in the league for fouls against..,,
kapernick is squidward::kobe shoots 50% as often as my wife has her period  and my wife's period is always late
Rambomonster9::Kobe shoots 1-5 down the stretch (Final 2 Minutes).  Typical for him actually.  CLUTCH!!!
Black Joe24::8th place and highest paid team .. Kobe system
PoorLakers::KOBE BRYANT IS WITH NO DOUBT THE WORSE "STAR" EVER....HE'S TRUE GARBAGE WITH NO SENSE FOR THE GAME...."BUT 5 RINGS...." - BLA BLA BLA....DEREK FISHER HAS 5 RINGS AS WELL, HOW COME NO ONE MENTIONS HIM FOR ANYTHING ???? FOR ALL 5 RINGS, BOTH KOBE AND DEREK WERE JUST THAT: ROLE PLAYERS TO THE STARS OF THOSE CHAMPIONSHIPS: SHAQ AND PAU G.....NOW SHUT UP AND SWALLOW KOBE FANS.
mazwine::Kobe stinks
KrayzieBone5150::I'm SO SICK of Pau Gasol  BENCH HIM!  THE DUDE is GARBAGE!  Starting Pau only messes up the rotation!
boymadog::stupid lakers.....should have traded Pau and tried to get something to energize the team...they are terrible on the defensive side.
The Real Archer::"I can't wait for free agency.  I'll be taking my talents, well....anywhere that kobe aint!"  -D12
EDDYJAU::who was guarding Ariza?
ovechkinsgoal::you sleep on the wizards, you lose.  that's been the motto since wall and nene returned.  this team, if healthy all season, is a playoff team.
Bad luck Bryant::Kobe step aside it's Dwight's time to shine
flopsisback::HAHAHAHAHAHAHA...D12? Shine??? The guy who allowed Nene to own him 2 plays in a row in the 4th quarter? People need to stop pretending this loss was all on Kobe, and start realizing this was a TEAM breakdown in defense.
L.A Fakers::Lakers fans no longer control the boards of their teams games the rest of the season
L.A Fakers::"It's Dwight Howards fault." - Stupid Lakers Fans
KevinHate::Seriously Lakers?
desmond240::our no defence coach is the problem
MinniWolves90::Should've kept Bernie.
Purpman06::Its ironic how most of the people commenting on a Lakers article are haters instead of actual fans.  You all are that concerned and threatened by the Lakers?  Would love to c how quiet these forums get if the Lakers. Actually. Flip on the switch seriously this time.
Hunter8077::Kobe in MICHAEL JEFFREY JORDAN CLASS.....................NEVER!! KoBrick is a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT all this talent and he's still fighting for the last playoff spot!! Kobe that 6th Ring you're chasing you bought for your wife when you cheated DUMMY!!
L.A Fakers::You idiot. Nash,Howard and Blake carried them. Moron!!
Legends of Past v3::actually hes carried them the whole season...
Harlem Shake::<b> so for the 2050324th time lakers season starts now </b>
naija82::Welcome back Ball Hogger
inquisitiveman::more of this and howard will give up that $30mil
Tony Bizzle::Playn' good or not at the moment I don't think anyone of the top 3 seeds in the West should take the Lakers for a joke playoffs are like a reset #LAKESHOW
inquisitiveman::no team is gonna take any team as a joke in the playoffs...whether it is lakers or philly
mesomorphicman::At least one basketball team from D.C. won, since Georgetown pee'd on themselves.
gmskking::haha. 2-10.  Yep, get rid of Pau.
Real Deal Beal::Kobe is the problem. And Pau is best at the 5 and Dwight is athletic enough to play the 4. However, the Fakers organization is too dumb to realize any of these things, and that's why they suck and will continue to suck.
Real Deal Beal::So I was pretty correct yesterday saying John Wall would destroy the Fakers.
mesomorphicman::Didn't Kobe make a joke about losing to the Wiz early this season? Or am I wrong?
desmond240::ariza&gt;artest
Scottpilgrim32::Florida Gulf Coast &gt; Lakers
jimmiesjonesen::The Lakers front office is horrible and I am calling for no more Kupchak!!The team is old and they are killing Kobe quicker!The guy is clearly rusty and first game back he has to play for other people cause they can't help the team!!3 of the starting 5 didn't show up at all!!HATE!!!
Johnnie5383::wasn't it 59-43 at one point smh and laker fans thinking they're gonna go to the finals
CarlyJoni::So pitiful what denial looks and sounds like.
MMhater1::Don't sleep on the Wizards!  Playing very good team ball and may finally be learning how to win on the road.    Mr. Stern, Please rig it so we win the lottery again.  I know you've hooked us up twice but it would be really nice to get a another big man.
Spurz2013champs::LOL, the wizards??
gmish504::"I can't explain it" is how coach D should start most of his sentences
CarlyJoni::But the season starts tomorrow, according to his logic!
-tpac_12::LMAO  thats all I have to say
No-account drifter::Not sure anyone can post this often enough::  "Lakers coach D'Antoni: Championship 'laughable'" - Lakers Lakers Lakers
CarlyJoni::He just lost his locker room with that comment.
MudrunnerVA3::So you are up by 16 on the Wiz at HOME, and you still lose. DO even Lakers fans admit now that the Lakers just suck?! Be honest now.
Real Deal Beal::It was 18 actually
Scottpilgrim32::lmao Kobe in the last 5 minutes took 11 shots only made 4 of them and had 0 assists. what a scrub
SPURZWARS::Ball hoggers anonymous?
SPURZWARS::Pretty soon Laker fans will start showing up at games with bags with eye cutouts over their heads!
robology::"Don't worry Kobe, if you guys don't make the playoffs there's a lot we can do with 1 ping pong ball.  *wink*"  - Stern
bnair14::Wrong...they gave their lotto pick to the suns for the 39 year old PG
CarlyJoni::And the Suns are salivating with each Laker loss.  Thank you Steve, we know your heart is still in Phoenix.
Scottpilgrim32::O look. Funny how the free throw count is 1 free throw away from being even 2 straight games for the Lakers and THEY LOSE. GEE IMAGINE THAT.
StoKedForever::have fun facing SA in the first round l0l
Scottpilgrim32::That is... if they make the 1st round   lololololooloololololl
Real Deal Beal::CarlyJoni - They're gifting Utah, and Utah won't take the bait.  The Mavs are charging.
CarlyJoni::They're gifting Utah, and Utah won't take the bait.
Scottpilgrim32::Man I can't hear anything. Kobe's bricks against Sub 500 teams are too loud
epochme::send kobe and dantoni packin
Jimmy2997::The Lakers just couldn't take a Wiz... Sorry
Scottpilgrim32::hahahhahaha pahhahahahahha lolololololololololololololololololololo  Lakers have officially came back to earth. what a bunch of scrubs that team is. LOSERS.  Kobe sucks and he missed the game tying shot. What a scrub monkey
JordnProc::Lol.....Howard is 8-9, Kobe goes 8-18.......how long are Kobe fans gunna act like he is that good? Not only does he shoot low %, but he has a TERRIBLE basketball IQ (not to mention plays selective defense). Taking fade-away double covered shots while his center is 8 for 9. I wouldn't even put Kobe in my current top 5, I would struggle to put him in my top 10. If i had to start a franchise with one player, he would probably be the 20th person on my list. If you Laker fans are trying to understand why you're overhyped team is so bad, look at the person you all glorify.
KatelynFabersLawyer211::Laker$ are now 6-and-12 with their "Big 4" in the line-up.  You've exhausted all of your excuses now, Laker-Heads.
Carlsbad Slipkids::when is someone going to take accountability for the lack of D 2-31 pt quarters ??
KatelynFabersLawyer211::It's Kobe's fault. He hasn't played a lick of damn defense this year.
tman8010::Washington has played good basketball lately. Nothing to be ashamed of...unless you played the Hornets.
KatelynFabersLawyer211::Every top-tier team in the West is salivating for that 1-seed, so they essentially earn a 1st-Round Bye shall they face the Laker$ in the playoffs.
