Srecko Vukovich::Here they come The Elite team San Antonio Spurs .By all means Go Spurs Go !!
Ikenna Nwaghanata::So the Spurs have now lost to the top 5 teams in the West and the Pacers. These aren't just teams over .500 , these are some of the best in the league. Looks like old age may be catching up to them.
Tim Gourley::Post of the year, if not the decade.  btw, I think they only have five losses.  am i wrong???
Lavender West::And if the Spurs were winning these games you would be on here saying about how the regular season doesn't matter and the old age will catch up with them in the playoffs.  Parker missed most of the 2nd half, this game means nothing
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Parker wasn't doing anything in the  first half. He wouldn't have made any difference. The Clippers were just better.
Taylor Manes::Why are people calling the clippers better? Who made it to the finals?
Matthew Lemieux::lets deal with this season. The lakers won a while ago, does that mean that this years team is still the best in the league? stop using the past as an excuse for one game
Tim Gourley::Wow.  I can't believe I'm saying this, but Blazers are best team in NBA.
Bronya Vogel::LMAO!! Maybe 3rd or 4th for sure not the best. The best teams are OKC and the Heat, you watched the NBA for a long period of time you would know that. Besides playoff basketball is totally different. Portland style will not work then. They will not make it out of the west. Watch and see.
Bronya Vogel::Don't forget that 16 of Portland wins are from sub.500 teams. Not really impressive if you can only dominate the weak teams. I.E. that would be Portland.
Bronya Vogel::Didn't you talk crap on OKC. You have no clue about the NBA do you. OKC had the 4th hardest schedule and Portland has the 11th yet they both have the same amount of losses. If Portland was so much better then they should have less losses with an easier schedule yet they don't. Try again_kid, oh The clippers have a harder sceschedule then Portland to. Sorry but Portland is not the best team in the NBA by no means. Saying other wise is just a bias ignorant post nothing more.
Emilio Reed::Clippers are so overrated
Kelly Richardson::Yeah game was stolen by the refs, huh
Matthew Lemieux::and that overrated team won. weird how that works
Tim Gourley::I'm hopeful that Parker's injury is more than a shin contusion.  Someone that sleeps with his teammate's wife deserves a season-ending injury, IMHO.
Marco Angeles::Wishing an injury upon another player is just wrong and a low blow IMO
Tim Gourley::Marco Angeles it's just that I believe in Karma.  Surely, you wouldn't challenge my religion, would you? now THAT'S a low blow!!!
Josh Sonoda::That has to be the worst comment ever...how can you wish an injury on anyone...that is low low class and you should be ashamed.
Tim Gourley::For all the CP3 fans out there...do you know why D-Will dominates CP3 each and every game they play head to head?  It's simple.  Dwill >>> CP3
Matthew Lemieux::did this come from "your" source as well?
Cody James Dellinger::BS foul calls like that make the NBA nearly unwatchable.
Paul Rearrick::Blazers #1 in the NBA!!!!!!! Period!
Rolanda Cowie::you make $27h...good for you! I make up to $85h working from home. My story is that I quit working at shoprite to work online and with a little effort I easily bring in around $45h to $85h…heres a good example of what I'm doing,  w­w­­w­.­Z­e­n­7­5­.­C­o­m
Bronya Vogel::Yet the only people that think that are bias Portland fans. That should tell you everything. Paul
Usc Josh::Yeah, through 2 months of the NBA season!   please
Leland Wong::I pick the Spurs on this one, yoo much experience and great team play of the Spurs will prevailed.
Ron Schaffer::Love watching the Spurs. Team ball.
Srecko Vukovich::I WILL  BE AT GAME TONIGHT  !! BY ALL MEANS GO SPURS GO !
Mike Wagener::Enjoy the game!
Emil E. Matula III::Have fun man!  Go Spurs!
Bronya Vogel::And they lose!!
Al-Jaleel Sawab::OKC in 5 over Blazers
Tim Gourley::Blazers over OKC in six.  Who's winning the season series so far this year?
Adam Youman::Tim Gourley dude who cares both have great records but the thunder and every one on the thunder team have like 5 more years of playoff experience than anyone on the blazers. Thunder win it in 5
Tim Gourley::Adam Youman again, Thunder rely on two players to score.  That's how we beat you...Durant leaves Batum uncovered and BAM!
Mike Wagener::GO SPURS!
Jack Fierro::GSG!
Clyde Singleton::The hallmark of a well-coached team is one that wins the games they're supposed to win.  Spurs are 13-0 vs teams below 0.500... But in order to be the last team standing, you gotta be able to win against playoff caliber teams.  Spurs are 0-4 vs western contenders Portland, Houston, OKC, and Clippers.  But this is typical of Popovich. Stack up the wins early vs lesser opponents, limit the minutes for his aging stars, and play with more of a sense of urgency down the stretch in March and April.
Matthew Roberts::That was quite possibly the best all around game I have seen Blake play, he was engaged from the very start and played hard on both ends of the floor. When he gets that jumper going early now you have to watch out!
Chris Borgman::No one is gonna "beat down" or embarrass the other team, that's just silly talk.  Both are good teams with the Spurs being a little sharper right now.  If Tiago plays and the bench gets going Spurs will win.  If not, LAC should win at home, and will get heat if they don't.
Mike Wagener::Spurs are a much better team then the Clippers, there's no comparison.  Don't fool yourself or try to placate the Clipper fans.  GO SPURS!
Kelly Richardson::Oopsies.....
Bronya Vogel::Yet the Clips man handled the spurts(hints the 23 points drubbing )  where was that much better team at mike, oh yea it's a myth right.
Robert Fanslau::d-will vs cp3 is one of those epic barbershop disputes... i personally enjoy watching williams more but anyone would kill to have either as their court generals
Tim Gourley::i agree, robert, but rarely are head to head matchups so one-sided as this one.  it's almost like Rafa vs. Federer!
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Deron fell off after his injury. CHris Paul came back from his almost as good as before.
Adam Youman::Heres an interesting Stat:  When Tony Parker shoots 50% or better, Spurs are 15-0  When Tony Parker shoots 49% or worse, Spurs are 4-4
Tim Gourley::guard tony parker and you beat the spurs...now that he's out for season, spurs are toast.
Adam Youman::Tim Gourley im not watching the game did he get hurt?????
Tim Gourley::Adam Youman Yes, he's out for the game.  My sources say it's serious.
Cam Perry::This is so frustrating as a Spurs fan. We haven't beat a single contending team all year yet we crush the cupcakes.
Tim Gourley::Clippers have the opposite problem.  6-6 vs. the LEast.
Cody James Dellinger::The only play-off bound team we've beaten are the Warriors...it's pretty concerning at this point.
Tim Gourley::Cody James Dellinger Warriors aren't making the playoffs.  Mavs beat them out.
Eric Lopez::The Clippers are dominating! And some people think the Clippers are overrated...
Lavender West::I think I remember 2 years ago when the Clippers dominated the Spurs in the regular season.  Sadly the Clippers didn't make it out of the first round last year so the Spurs could sweep them again
Tim Gourley::Clippers are 6-6 against the LEastern Conference.  LOL.
Eric Lopez::Yeah that was back then Lavender West. This is now.
Mike Wagener::Spurs win this one going away.  I hope Aaron Baynes plays some good minutes, he has certainly earned them.
Eric Lopez::Sweet victory Clipps! Nice domination against the Spurs
Tim Gourley::Anyone know who has the best record in the NBA?  Anyone?  ANYONE???
Marco Angeles::It is not how you start, it is how you finish that counts. BTW the answer to your question is Portland
Craig Keller::last year maybe bulls had best record in december? Might not be time to count your chickens!
