ksooklal::Kenneth Faried got DUNKED ON by Okafor... goes from the dunk contest to the DUNKED ON... lol so hard Wizards with the win
bradyandjrich::Beal with the double-double. NICE.
nollypoli::Is John Wall elite?
bradyandjrich::Like Top 10 PG elite?
GeorgeTownDC29::Damn Nuggets you guys cant play D
Stan Van Gundy for Nuggets coach 2013::This is correct.
lslsatpafb::Wiz box score pretty darn impressive.  Balanced scoring and big rebound advantage.
nba is the worst::Nuggets are horrible on the road, getting doubled up in the 3rd Q is inexcusable. Wizards at home can beat any team though, they can certainly spoil it for teams battling for seeding the rest of the way
tman8010::I'd be scared to play the Wizards right now. They proved  to everyone that they can bounce back after a tough loss.
bearsbball12::Nuggets got absolutely destroyed on the boards tonight. For some reason, I'm not surprised that it coincides with their top 3 rebounders getting 23, 20, and 18 minutes. It doesn't take a genius to figure out that you need to play your best rebounders when you're getting killed on the boards.
bearsbball12::However, it does apparently take someone more intelligent than George Karl.
Stan Van Gundy for Nuggets coach 2013::<b> </b>
Bullrush29::Why did Gallinari only take 5 field goal attempts? As of the past month+ he's been shooting and playing really well, why not put it up?
bradyandjrich::Chandler was playing well.
jayeteee::He was struggling w/ a leg injury the whole game.
petersoncooper::I would rather have Afflalo than Iggy and Nene when healthy is much better than this clown McGee.  Granted Nene is never healthy, but then why did you pay Mcgee 40 million for 20 minutes a game?  Something has to give right, maybe it is Kosta Koufas and Andre Miller?
Stan Van Gundy for Nuggets coach 2013::" I would rather have Afflalo than Iggy and Nene when healthy is much better than this clown McGee."  -said no logical nugget fan ever
diehardnr1::wow  the flat starts to halves really bite the nuggz on the road...  hint to Karl...have your team ready and limit iggy and brewer in the offensive play calling...maybe cut iggy out totally...like in he doesn't get to touch the ball unless he gets a put back out of it.  disgusted and embarrassed!  swept by the wiz...wow...smh  den going nowhere until they figure out how to win on the road...  GO NUGGETS!!!
vap88::die1- definitely agree on limiting Iggy's touches, and the embarassment of being "Wiz-swept"
NickBenCor::Haha i like that go nuggets at the end of all that
Votto4mvp005065::i passed out drunk and woke up saw we lost to wizards. not surprised. fire george karl
PartTimeHomer::Must feel like a recurring nightmare at this point. Same plot, different setting.
Votto4mvp005065::we $@%!$@ blow
jayeteee::Go Spurs and Blazers!!!!!
jayeteee:::( Both lost.
knicks_112ndcoming::wow ty lawson. 8-20
NickBenCor::Somebody had to take the shots, none of the starters were doing anything
jayeteee::Melo, 11-24, not really much better. % wise.
petersoncooper::The Nuggets really messed up with the Iggy deal, that guy is horrible shooter.  They can spend that $ better easy.
Mr. Patreeky::Iggy was 3-5 and is our defensive play maker, he was not the problem
Mr. Patreeky::Im off to eat pistachios; good talk
Mr. Patreeky::Its more of a choice of defensive style than anything, the Nuggets pack the paint with defenders to take away easy shots and eschew perimeter defense somewhat hoping that the other team doesnt get hot from beyond the arc.
Mr. Patreeky::Our defense is vastly improved over years past, which can be attributed to Iggy. Road struggles and lineup mismanagement falls on Karl's shoulders.
petersoncooper::What a second, how can there be a defensive"playmaker" on a team that gives up 119 points?  C'mon man, the Nuggets play almost zero defense.  Wake up, their guards are cherry picking, and they have Koufas down low.
petersoncooper::That and they can't be serious about playing Koufas at center.
Mr. Patreeky::Javale should probably start but Karl seems to think Koufas' more conservative style of play suits us better. As for anthony randolph wasting away on the bench when he could be a serviceable backup there is simply no excuse.
dirkaqs41::Wiz winning percentage without WALL .142 with WALL .565
dirkaqs41::WALL!!
celtsfanallday::HEY WASHINGTON! THANKS FOR CRAWFORD!
ksooklal::we didn't need crawford when we beat the Knicks, the Nets, the Nuggets, and the Rockets
GeorgeTownDC29::Washington is 1-0 since the trade
wilbursk8er::Good luck not getting him to shoot every time he touches the ball.
PartTimeHomer::Good luck if you ever need him to start.
NUNIKORI::No problem. You can have him.
Alpine2285::the starters didn't show up, horrible loss, nice one Nugz
69durango::I'm pis..sed that the Nugs didn't get Redick.
Grindhouse2413::Bwahahaha ANOTHER road loss for the Thuggets. Get used to that 5th spot girls. Good job Washington. Smh at Denver....embarrassing
Grindhouse2413::I can be a Griz fan and still feel embarrassed for Denver's woes on the road. What a bipolar team. Tough at home, soft on the road, that's Denver in a nutshell.
jayeteee::So how do you think the fans(Den) feel? LOL. That stuff flows down hill.
jayeteee::Why would you be embarrassed, I thought you were a Grizz fan?
gary wheatley::jay I just went into the knicks conversation room for a bit, lot of bashing going on in there but you want to hear one of the best funnies i think I have heard in along long time?  get this quote or post from a fan..." our goal is to win the stanley cup"--- Carmello Anthony
jayeteee::That's funny. That team just flat out doesn't compete some nights, you can't say that about the Nuggets.
gary wheatley::one more jay from another knick post.. "what is the difference between FAB MELLO and FAT MELLO??? answer:  the T,  the second one is fatter than the first one.. hmm lol
broncoroxnug::Nuggets would have lost by 30 tonight if he was still on our team
broncoroxnug::also wiz fans. NICE CROWD TONIGHT. Whatta joke
ksooklal::I WAS THERE. Shut your mouth, even as a broke college student from baltimore I still loyally support the wizards, and thousands of other fans who are better off than me do the same. Sorry we can't sell out like they sellout (or do they?) in podunk, in-the-middle-of-nowhere denver since there's nothing better to do in the lousy state of Colorado than either a) smoke week or b) watch the nuggets. In D.C. watching the Wizards (who played on the same day as Georgetown Hoyas) is one of many attractions. Hell, the last big crowd in Denver was gathered in attendance for... wait for it.... THE RAVENS BEATING DOWN THE BRONCOS!!!!!!!!!!!
wilbursk8er::Capacity is in the 18k's. Bronco, go freak a goat. That "joke" of a team pulled about 16.5 more fans in a single game than you will for anything ...  ever.
jayeteee::So it was about 83% capacity, that's pretty good considering the team's record. Washington will support a winner, just need to stay on course, you guys have some pieces of a nice team.
PartTimeHomer::Capacity's about 20k.
jayeteee::It says over 16.5k, so what's capacity? Sure seemed like a big crowd to me.
PartTimeHomer::lol @ resorting to bagging on the crowd of a bad team  I bet you're proud of yourself.
broncoroxnug::a great job of coaching by george karl and a poor job executing by the nuggets.
walle D_ D::Lets have a good game tomorrow wizards fans, not sure if the rockets will be able to run all that much, they looked pretty tired playing only 8 people.
toshsghost::Nobody beats the WIZ!  Nobody wants these guys down the stretch.  Can't WIZ-AIT until they are hanging banners!!
RZA_CONSOLE::nice win bullets!!
gary wheatley::from what I am hearing, even from Hastings at the moment is that Gallo had the injury most of the game and still Karl wouldnt bring J Ham or anyone else in the game to try and give us some points.  Totally ubsurd. I know thats Karl but lord oh mighty. you didnt move any of them at the trade deadline so play them for god sakes
gary wheatley::opps  sorry Jay. guess I dont pay much attention to that stuff but still he is a scorer and what would be the problem bringing him in.  Karl did against the Celtics and Raptors and he gave them some point
jayeteee::You know the answer, bud. :)
jayeteee::You're spot on, Gary, don't give Karl a pass by saying it's just Karl. LOL. He should be held accountable.
jayeteee::Gary, he(JHam) was the 26th overall pick by the Dallas Mavericks.
gt1master_ike::Yea but the Nuggets are a terrible road team so I am not really surprised when they lose on the road.
jayeteee::They all are, ike, especially to that team. Not saying they're bad, just that the Nuggets should be able to beat them.
gary wheatley::no pass from me Jay.  thats a plain F in my book.  Ive never seen a coach that lets players just sit on the bench and rot.  whey did they make him their number 1 pick awhile back. He was their number 1 wasnt he, from Texas right?  to me you dont pick a guy # 1 and just let him rot on the bench.  Also, let Randolph play.  my god its the Wizzards, what the hell is it going to hurt
gt1master_ike::Sup jaye, tough loss man.
gary wheatley::well yall, I guess one good thing away from the Nuggets... The Knicks lost to the Raptors. lol
jayeteee::And Houston won, so that hurts the Lakers chances once again.
jayeteee::Well, Gary, for one, we are a terrible road team. And on the other hand, nothing that goes on during the game makes much sense at all. Rotations, substitutions, you name it.
gary wheatley::you know jay, I missed the game, watched the first 5 or so minutes then wife and I went to dinner, and this game really scared me when we left.  I had a bad feeling about this game. boy was my karma right on.
ESPNisBSN3WS::I want the lakers and their fans to get as close to the playoffs as possible, and miss it on the last day
KCstills::f rudy gay. lol
KCstills::later guys, we have to realize this is a young team shown by the streakyness. its unlikely we do anyhing big this year, but we have hope.
wilbursk8er::Amen! Wizards 2013 NBA champs!
KCstills::if we lose to charlote.....
Hlee196::Nuggets fan we all here because we care... See you all tomorrow. It's over gotta move on it seems like we care more about winning then our team. Later...
KCstills::i really thought we had a shot at the 3 seed. now im convinced we are gonna stay #5. memphis is simply a better road team (what playoff team isnt?) and our schedule is far from easy here on out. 50 wins may be doubtful unfortunately.
scottkarl::Lillard
Nargash35::Terrible loss and got swept by the Wiz too. This team won't go far until they play more consistent basketball on the road..!!
oneandonlybabe::Whatever record the Wizards end up with, they ought to be proud of the scalps they took this season.
KCstills::i'd really like to see a denver nugget halftime. karl " ok boys we did alright, lets take a break and watch tv until it starts back up"
CharliesBestro::All the loser Gamblers picked Denver and now we have to hear them Cry about.....BOO HOO
robpinpa::Maybe just maybe the Bullets  will be a .500 team next year..  One can hope
ESPNisBSN3WS::they have the talent to be better than .500, especially with another top 5 pick
jayeteee::I love the way the Nuggets fought back, but they never should've gotten down as much as they did to begin w/. I swear our bigs have the worst hands in the league sometimes.
broncoroxnug::bigs were AWFUL especially koufas and faried. They were the reason the nuggets lost  in my opinion
KCstills::kenneth shouldve caught that block at the end.
JustineS04::The whole team looked half asleep except Ty and Chandler.
jayeteee::Yeah, there was a definite lack of effort, and if you follow this team, no matter which side calls a time out, the next few minutes to follow are brutal, w/ the Nuggets on the losing end 90% of the time.
KCstills::atleast we can say we are real fans. fans of the heat and okc are jokes. 85% of them are fake
Zede51::i cant tell who shows more effort my overweight  bulldog or george karls nuggets
JustineS04::Can we get an assistant coach to focus on defensive rotations? It's a huge problem. Your average high school JV team defends the pick and roll better.
Hlee196::Just fire them all at the end of the season... Find someone else sick of the same old crap.
jayeteee::LOL. Even if we did, Karl wouldn't allow him to take any kind of control.
jayeteee::Then obviously George isn't telling them that, or so it seems.
JustineS04::This is a very coachable team. They will play defense if you tell them to.
Hlee196::This game or the game tomorrow should be a gimme but to the nuggets it's so heart found that they will find a way to choke... Rockets,Jazz, Lakers, Goldenstates are chasing our A S S.
KCstills::i might quit watching denver games on the road. they all end the same. -_-
ESPNisBSN3WS::I think there are lineups we can play in the 4th that will help us close out games... I would like to see us close with TY,iggy,gallo,faried, and whoever is having the better game between McGee and Koufos.. our two 7 footers!!! teams would beg to have 7 foot big men, and GK just leaves them on the bench and goes small
masterosports_newcomp::jayeteee Then like I said, S.TFU. Don't even talk to me if you're just going to be a little smart a.ss. --------------- Jesus it's a damn joke. On the internet. Why are you getting so pis.sed about it? You used to be a pretty cool guy a couple years back too. Whatever. I'll leave your bitter old as.s alone then.
PartTimeHomer::Chocolates are usually good for these situations. Or strippers.
jayeteee::LMAO!!! He's not old enough to drive, let alone pay for a stripper.
habs fans cant stop me::lol and i thought this was a basketball board
KCstills::ty lawson is on these 25 point streak problem is. all we've been doing is lossing. ty scoring obviously has been bad for us. its because all we have been doing is coming from lead. we trailed the entire game for pete sake.
masterosports_newcomp::We're at our best when he doesn't have to be our #1 option. When he's distributing to guys knocking down shots, we're a damn good team.
JustineS04::Correlation =/= causation.
masterosports_newcomp::Haha that cracked me up.  Anywho, it's hard to blame this one all on Miller. Ty couldn't come up big either and missed a couple big 3s, plus he got a layup blocked. Faried was out of control when he knocked the ball out of bounds. Iggys usual stellar D failed him on that last play. Miller was just the icing on the cake.  The whole team sucks in the clutch.
habs fans cant stop me::clutch they blew the whole game
JustineS04::In the clutch? They played about 40 minutes of terrible basketball.
