Andres Cal::Chicago will win!
Shoot Jung::Nice joke
Liam McKenner::its no joke we r gonna win!
Adam Youman::GO BULLS!!
Shoot Jung::Haws will win!
Walter Robeson::hopefully the bulls are catching their rhythm and make the post season screw all those who are in favor of tanking for a draft pick that may not even be there. Play for now let next season play out as it should.
Aaron Earl::Glad to see the Bulls are finally getting healthy! Good win! Go Bulls!
PaThel Gutierrez::Bulls!
Lornet Prather::The Bulls are the best 'team' in the NBA.  Who else plays this good without their best players?  They will not win a championship without Deng and Rose but they are showing their depth.
Lornet Prather::Oops.  Boozer and Rose out.  Deng in.  Still the depth is amazing.
Adam Zach::LMAO!!  Bulls are blowing a perfect opportunity to get a lottery pick!!  And no, they are far from the best team in the NBA let alone the division!
Nick Mann::Lornet - Deng has been more hurt than boozer...just tonight and recently he's been playing.  And they have no depth what are you talking about?  Adam Zach - It's as easy as losing and getting a lottery pick...you just get it...they hand it to you.  Just like the Bobcats who have had the worst record how many years and never get the #1 pick...you are right about them not having a chance in the division or the east though.
CJ Yolo::It's too bad Rose is down.  Chicago was going to make some noise I think.  www.chrisinnewberg.blogspot.com
Shaun Scipio::Taj Gibson gets mugged in the paint more then anyone I've ever seen, but never gets a call. Then he gets called for a touch foul! Smh!!!
Eric Rivera::That Korver 3 was definitely a shot clock violation...hopefully those 3 points don't come back to bite the Bulls.
Leland Wong::When are the Bulls getting Jeremy Lin? Lakers do not need need Lin, they have Kendall Marshall.
Michael Slattery::Why would the want lin
Paul Steeno::P. Antic looks like Boozer's twin. LOL
Taylor Manes::That's what I said..!!!! Lol...a brother from another mother , and that dude from Cleveland cavs, the tall dude with the long curly hair is joekim Noah twin..
Paul Steeno::haha varejo i think his name is
Hodan Aden::THANK YOU BULLS SIGNED RAPTORS FAN
Trent Conheady::If Atlanta choke tonight...
Adam Youman::gotta start with the league to be able to choke
Jason Caldwell::Defense bulls
Rodney Clowers::Hawks will win!
Sokim Sorya::kim hi
Petar Liker Lazeski::where is Carlos Buzzer?why isn't he playin?
Matthew McGavin::sore knee mri negative doesnt look bad
