Tony::What's especially nice about this team, other than the fact they are surprising everyone in the league, is the fact that they seem to now be a real team. They have a vocal leader now, Aldridge, and Matthews is a floor leader. Batum does all the other things, like Pippen used to. Lopez is now comfortable in the offense. Plus, when C.J . comes back, we will have another legitimate shooter off the bench. You can tell a difference between a team who gets along and one that doesn't, just look at how the bench reacts when their players are on the floor. With Portland the bench is celebrating.
Chris M::When CJ returns, Mo's minutes will decrease and the Blazers will actually be a better and younger team.  Mo's production has been decreasing steadily and the Blazers need quality minutes from the bench or the starters will do like they did last year and simply wear out.  TRob and Dwright need more minutes in the blowout wins as well.  All in all this is one exciting, young, and quality group of players.  Everyone needs to RIP Ride - Go Blazers.
chris::Hey Anton,  did you eat lead paint chips as a kid? The Blazers are 17-4 and in first place in the toughest division of all of Basketball. First place pretty good in  my book.
HughJohnson::Utah will be looking for serious revenge tonight, let's come out strong like we did Friday and crush them!!!  (In a good way, of course)  Rip City!
Rebecca::Once  the Jazz get Favors back  and healthy the Jazz will beat the Blazers for sure next time. I'm still hoping for a miracle tonight.
Special K::Tough to win in Utah. Hard fought win for the Blazers.
will::whats wrong with batum? he doesnt shoot the damn ball..... even their bench take more FG
schmoe::I have no connections to Portland, but they are a fun team to watch. Even when they shoot poorly they don't compound it by forcing the issue and turning the ball over a lot. Definitely the best half court offense in the league. They just need to keep Aldridge healthy. I don't know if there is more than one other team out there (OKC-Durant) that depends on one player more than the Blazers do with him.
Eric::18-4 Best start in Blazers history, they brought back Rip City, I dare say is it time to bring back Blazers Believer?
Jailynn::I blame the coach not the players talent is there the coaching is not that is why the blow so bad in the third corbin takes to long to figure #$%$ out
