11aramis111::Goodbye Dwight  http://www.allfreechips.com/?ref=sapcunc
tony850867::I love to hear when haters say they have played a weak schedule, bottom line is they don't make the schedule, they play the schedule.  I'm not going to sit here and apologize for their record.  The fact remains that they are atop the Atlantic Division by 5 games.  All we continue to hear out of these prima donas is that they want to play for LA, Chicago, Dallas, New York (oh by the way we see how that's working out) and how they want to team up with other stars.  These guys need to man up and get a reality check along with haters.  The Sixers held this team to 9 points in the third quarter and 42 points at the start of the fourth quarter.  They are playing excellent defense and have a pretty coach in Doug Collins.  The haters are quick to point out schedules but don't want to point out that Doug Collins has these throughbreds running the floor, playing defense and playing as a team.  They don't look for stats, they look for wins and that's pretty much the bottom line.
Naruto34790::fahadgh
Naruto34790::rts
williamfernando_rn::BREAKING NEWS... sixers will trade for knicks amare, shumpert and douglas for brand, holiday and picks..
Hson81188::Get off the drugs bro, Holiday isn't going anywhere.
bulley08::this is a joke. these are professionals. just because someone doesn't want to play with you, that doesn't give you the right to quit. this is not your grade school team. don't blame howard. it's not his fault the other players are stealing money because they stink.  he's in the same boat as lebron was. heard an nba analyst say jameer nelson was playing bad because howard wants to leave. if you are that weak minded and can't play well because your best player wants to play somewhere else, then you don't deserve to play with a great player. nelson hasn't gotten any better since the majic went to the finals. Is that howards fault? how much extra time does nelson spend in the gym getting better? what about the other players like Turkoglu? and please don't get me started on "big baby". stop using howard as the scape goat. play better, get better, and maybe the stars will stay.
williamfernando_rn::trade d'antoni for stan van gundy.. haha
williamfernando_rn::trade howard for amare and shumpert
HeatFanSinceJuly8th2010::Breaking News: Stan Van Gundy fired; returns to adult film making.
Mopmop9999::Stan Van Jeremy!
FranciscoKern::The Magic have quit.  I don't blame them for quitting on Howard - turns out he's just another $%#$^%.
tmdm767::Well look at ewing and barkley, they never got a ring b/c of jordan.
supreme91::and Hakeem from the Rockets too
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::And Malone and Stockton. Stockton&amp;Malone&gt; Ewing,Barkley,Reggie (insert name)
adambl03::If Howard could shoot free throws they win this game.
kenfort100::This whole team quit because they are tired of having to deal with Howard.
Mopmop9999::When a team goes single-digits in any NBA quarter, trust me, it's more than incompetence at the free throw stripe!  This whole team quit a couple weeks ago.
JMurph407::Dwight Howard has adopted the Kobe System. Throw your teammates under the bus.
BurnabyJoeFan::Maybe he should.  The Magic are averaging 77 points a game in the last 6.  Somebody needs to make heads roll when you look up and your final score is in the 50's.
MSUBALLFINAL4::I like how you guys say fire SVG, but if you give any coach in the NBA that roster, they would all fail. There is no talent on this roster, Otis Smith deserves most of the blame. He has tried to make Dwight happy, but he has failed, this team is absolutely terrible
FranciscoKern::Best run-on sentence of the day - almost coherent.
FranciscoKern::You're not kidding -
Mopmop9999::Texting has dumbed down our society.
KungFuZombie75::how is Jodie Meeks a starter? dude is wretched. I wish Collins would stop messing with Evan's head &amp; just make him a starter already. This has gotten past old, Meeks sucks &amp; it shows when he is on the court.
FranciscoKern::The Sixers are 15-6.  I wouldn't question Doug Collins.
crabbymacintosh::jodie hits 3's.  Doug is all about rotations.  Jrue and Jodie play well together, Lou and ET play well together.    Its also about defensive matchups given that jrue is a taller pg and lou is a smaller sg.
WestheLegend::If D12 doesn't go for 45 points, 20 rebounds, 7 blocks and 19 assists, all these poofter bandwagon Magic fans are like WTF is up with Howard, he sucks, get him out of here, Magic need a "real center". If people are complaining how bad Orlando is NOW, watch when Howard is gone, that whole franchise is gonna be eating $@%! burgers every season, and then the "fans" are REALLY going to have something to whine about.
kenfort100::I think Magic will be a better team without Howard because they will all able to work together, build team chemistry, and have fun.
Magicmike321::Don't doubt our loyalty to our team d ick.  I've been a magic fan since the beginning and that won't change with or without Howard.  And for the record, he isn't putting forth full effort and its effecting the rest of the team.  That is our (magic fans) problem!!
WestheLegend::Indeed. Otis Smith is a bunghole
Mopmop9999::He doesn't suck.  He's the best center in the game, in a league that lacks dominant centers.  Orlando has quit as a team, and Dwight needs to go, while we can still get something valuable in return.  It was foolish to start the season with him, knowing we could not compete for a championship.  Management's mistake; not D12's.
D43C::76ers are killin it
Hson81188::I'm so sick of hearing this "weak schedule excuse." Not to mention we've been without our starting and back up centers for 5 plus games.
KungFuZombie75::Sixers are only killing it because our schedule is beyond easy (changes this week). Jodie Meeks shouldn't be a starter, Brand makes more $$$ the Howard, LBJ &amp; gives 30% of what they do &amp; Iggy can't shoot! It will all balance out eventually, Sixers are beating the teams they should (1/2 of the NBA teams suck), but don't overrate them. Beating the Magic means nothing, that team is in chaos
killahs_ghost::They're winning with Tony Battie as the starting center, and when they play the "bad" teams, they're winning by 20-30 points.  y so negative?
Mopmop9999::When will Stan Van Jeremy be shown the door?
meyer_3333::PLAY THE ROOKIES!  2 glaring issues with the magic right now are a lack of energy and a lack of scoring, specifically from the guard positions.  Put Liggins and/or Harper in and see what happens!  At this point, what have you got to lose; they can't possibly be any worse than what they're currently getting at the moment.
Mopmop9999::"Let me tell you; I've got news for you, and you'll soon find out it's true, and then you'll have to eat your lunch all by yourself! . . .    . . . Because I'm already gone . . . "  - DH
WestheLegend::Magic need to clean house, and everybody blaming Dwight Howard for these losses are dolts. I really hope Dwight gets out of Orlando and goes to a franchise where he can flourish.
Chris31708::Yeah, take the side of someone who felt <b>tweeting</b> was more important than his free throw shooting.
Magicmike321::You're a dolt!  How can you expect people to play for you when you add every team you play to your preferred destination!!  You $@%!$ troll!
Rosstafarian5371::Are the Magic really going to sit on D. Howard this entire season? his gone after this year and that's an easy guess considering all he can do is talk about what team he wants to play for next and rip his teammates in the media oh and almost forgot the deteriorating record. Orlando please don't pull another Shaq move and let him dip with out getting ANYTHING in return for him, lets learn from our mistakes.
randy7836::Hey "Superman", when you learn to shoot a freethrow,  THEN you can call out your teamates!! Who the hell would want this arrogant baby-Shaq??!!
BlazersWar::Dwight Howard 37min 11reb Ryan Anderson 27min 20reb  --- what's going on with D12???
meyer_3333::It's the Lebron effect; he's finally beginning to give up on his pathetic teammates like Lebron did in the playoffs.
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::He had a cry because stan told him too shut hes mouth
Visionsun916::You give me Westrbook, James, and Howard and I'll give you a team that would hold teams to sub-90/85 points a night.   No offensive rebounds for opposing teams, post is locked down by Howard, PG locked down by Westbrook, and the wing/weak side help is done by the best in the game, Lebron James.
Visionsun916::This is in response to: 305condor305 IF YOU HAD THIS LINEUP:     DWIGHT HOWARD  LEBRON JAMES  DERICK ROSE  RUSSELL WESTBROOK  AMARE STOUDEMIRE    YOU WOULD STILL NOT WIN A RING.    WHY?
D43C::You would win a ring
jw32988::The Magic just need to start over. New GM, new coach and new players.
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::Will it be sad for Lakers too see Andrew Bynum go even though they'd be getting Howard.
Visionsun916::Dwight Howard's play in the last couple of losses = Lebron James' televised "Decision" to go to Miam
MobileInfantry7::Dwight Howard considers himself a leader!! bwaahahaha
roadano::Dwight Howard....short attention span.
Dpraterjr::"I'm open to playing for the Sixer's now"  Dwight Howard-
adamteaguebtb::If Howard wont sign an extension, is Bynum gonna hang around and sign an extension either? If im not mistaken, there is a team option looming, and then he will enter the final year of his deal. Seems like a familiar situation.
milw-jay::9 points in the 3rd by Orlando?  Clearly Stan Van's halftime adjustments were a little off.   Just trade D Howard to the Lakers for Bynum and World Peace  now and end the agony.
Magicmike321::We don't want world peace...  Well, figuratively we do but not the player.  lol
ChiGuy1002::Why would anyone gut their team for Howard? True superstars don't let their teams go full epic fail like the Magic have been in the last week or two.
Oxfordian Theory::Dwight Howard is incredibly overrated.  Carry on.
milw-jay::I know big men dont have the best touch usually, but D Howard is shooting less than 50% at the free throw line?   That's embarassing for anyone claiming to be a professional basketball player.
Blazelover13::In the Sixers next six games, following this Orlando game, I predict a 4-2 record. I think they'll beat Atlanta, Chicago, Los Angeles Clippers and San Antonio Spurs. I think they'll lose to Miami and Los Angeles Lakers, mostly due to the fact that the Sixers have struggled against the Heat in past years, and I just have a bad feeling about the Lakers. But, I fully believe the Sixers will win all the others.
mambojevi::Sixers haven't been able to really stop elite offenses. They're mostly a defensive team, which is why they can't stop Miami. They can't shut down their firepower or keep up if necessary. I'll reassess after this road trip, since Sixers have had a pretty easy schedule so far. We'll see what they're made of here.
305condor305::IF YOU HAD THIS LINEUP:    DWIGHT HOWARD LEBRON JAMES DERICK ROSE RUSSELL WESTBROOK AMARE STOUDEMIRE  YOU WOULD STILL NOT WIN A RING.  WHY?
mambojevi::Amare Stoudemire lol. And no real PG. With that sort of talent, you'd need a Steve Nash type, not a D Rose type.
Metta.World.Hate::Dwight, you are a quitter, a traitor, and a cancer.  We all wish you the worst of luck.
kenfort100::Look at Howard's leadership which is just as good as his free throw shooting, can you really blame everybody for wanting him out of Orlando?
adamteaguebtb::Look at the roster, can you really blame him for wanting out?  Glen Davis is supposed to put you over the top?
InternetCensorship::"I hate playing for a team that made the Finals 2 years ago"
meyer_3333::There's hardly a trace of that team left anymore, as Otis decided it would be a great idea to get rid of as many of the Finals participants as possible over the last two years...
InternetCensorship::Behold the fruits of Dwight Howard's inspirational speaking abilities.
Ron3758::I have bet on sports for a few years now and have gone through handicappers like women. Two months ago I found a system sportsbettingstar.com that is pretty decent. I have only lost 1 bet so far. It is a 2 game betting system were you double down if you lose the first bet. Im 30-1 doing this so far. Thought I would post this for anyone who is looking for a good handicapper
sp0rtsjunk1e::soooo when does the 4th quarter begin???
Ron3758::No kidding what a low scoring game. You would think it was the end of the 3rd LOL
xrayspecspecialist::I have bet on sports for a few years now and have gone through handicappers like women. Two months ago I found a system sportsbettingstar.com that is pretty decent. I have only lost 1 bet so far. It is a 2 game betting system were you double down if you lose the first bet. Im 30-1 doing this so far. Thought I would post this for anyone who is looking for a good handicapper or is just tired of BS handicappers
IB6-UB9::The Best team for Dwight to go to is the Lakers.  I know alot of you will say "another lakers fan here", but this is not the case.  Lakers are always in contention for the championship, and for the few times they had to rebuild, they do it quickly because almost everybody wants to be in LA.  Dwight will have a chance @ multiple titles and he will have his chance to play in a "big city", which seems to be 1 of his wish lists along with a championship.  Never understood why the Lakers never used the amnesty clause for Ron Artest.
adamteaguebtb::Fisher, Bryant, Artest, McRoberts, Howard.  Not exactly Championship material.  Still no one who can make a play off the dribble but Kobe.
305condor305::LAKERS DO NOT WANT DWEEB HOWARD.  I THINK THEY MADE THAT CLEAR.
Broad Street Beatdown::Lakers losing Gasol and Bynum for Howard is not an improvement, it's very much a downgrade if you ask me. Think the Lakers need to realize it's time to get role players who are dependable, rather than superstar talent. You can't steal Kobe's show, so you might as well make it more entertaining for him.
scottiepippenicecream::76ers - no player scores 20 ppg and they are 15-6
adamteaguebtb::Yeah but the Celtics didnt start Elton Brand and Spencer Hawes at PF and C
Jthizz69::celtics used this model and won a championship.
bobHALO 30.1::Its what we do.... ad spreading the ball the 1st ranked Defense and 1st in turnovers.  We win for a reason... Haters will soon understand we are not a flash in a the pan
305condor305::NO YOU ARE NOT
scottiepippenicecream::blame hedonism...
305condor305::BLAME IT ON THE RAIN
Broad Street Beatdown::We need a commanding big man if we want to go far in the playoffs, and more specifically one thats last name isn't Howard.
I Make Sense::I guess that speech from Howard worked.....oh wait.  LOL
ThreeKingsMIA::I foresee a new team being added to Howard's list soon.  Happens after every embarrassing loss.
Golf Jock::69 points for the Magic.  Good thing that they have Howard there to inspire them!
joshisfirst1::I have bet on sports for a few years now and have gone through handicappers like women. Two months ago I found a system sportsbettingstar.com that is pretty decent. I have only lost 1 bet so far. It is a 2 game betting system were you double down if you lose the first bet. Im 30-1 doing this so far. Thought I would post this for anyone who is looking for a good handicapper or is just tired of BS handicappers
