Vermin_cain::How does a jump shooting team shoots so many free throws???
-tpac_12::! word....refs
BostonFansCryAlot2013::If you ever seen a thunder game u would know that they drive to the hoops like mad men
KiD.Clutch.35::To me...Brooks was the biggest reason we lost the Finals last year.  I feel pretty strongly that it'll be the same as last year, unfortunately.
Vermin_cain::Was Brooks playing? You don't have the personnel to match up with Miami, and your PG is erratic.
EuropeDude1981::scotty brooks has played ronnie brewer like 3min. since he got to okc. Who needs perimeter D when you can let orlando come into your house and score 100+ right? I just think brewer could be a valuable piece if he gets playing time, and they'll need all the help they can get if they want a shot at the heat
stgoat::The Magic didn't have one block.
Lik mees ballz::We still had more steals.
JimineyCricket69er::Thunder constantly jerked off by the refs.  KD shoots a bunch of jumpers and gets to the line 10+ times in the 4th.  He's so weak that the slightest of contact looks like a flagrant 2.  Lebrons gonna beat that az.z. again in the finals.
ThunderUpUNCPokes::If you watched the 4th quarter, you would've seen that he drove to the hole almost every time. This is why he got those free throws.  Try again
jeff050578::I am not an OKC fan but enjoy watching them play because Durant is a scoring machine and so much fun to watch. I would love to see him get greedy and shoot the ball more often because if he touches it and doesnt shoot he wont get a chance again most likely. I also wish he would slap westbrook around when westbrook starts forcing his game.
jefarr::How is it that someone can play the 4 or 5 position but have NO low block moves?
jeff050578::Because basketball at the nba level has changed so much over the past 15 years. PF's play 15 feet away and face the basket nowadays
ToTheTop854::Been following this betting system called SportsBettingStar.  I doubled my initial balance my first month and made almost $3000 my 2nd month just following its bets.  You can find this system on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
Rocketswin2013::Has OKC been using that zone defense?
lance_baldwin_lbst::We have some actually
AndrewOKC::should we?  probably
AndrewOKC::no
Yup I am here.::43 free throws????  DAMN!
Jeffy5168::my thoughts exactly, so what presti should have done is to pay harden the money and make him, perry jones, reggie jackson the second unit. They should develop their bench and make MO cheeks the head coach.
AndrewOKC::I might add, for those who note that Harden left to make "20 more million" in houston....that involved an entire EXTRA year of contract that the Thunder could NOT offer him bc they had already offered the two 5 year contracts that NBA teams are allotted.  So it wasnt 'lost' money, he could have resigned and that extra "20" million would have all of a sudden been like an extra 4-5
AndrewOKC::And about paying the money, that is the negative aspect of being a small market team.  That small amount harden wanted more would have resulted in several more million in taxes by going over the cap.  its a money game, and the Thunder have to play that game as best they can
AndrewOKC::I love Mo Cheeks but Brooks is the right coach for us.  Players love him, and he does NOT get the credit he deserves bc he actually has made sevearl adjustments.  Like for instance we dont' do our "5 in 5 out" rotation anymore we stagger our starters coming in and out of the game bc he realized our bench was not going to be as strong.  that is good coaching.  never noticed though.
Jeffy5168::Spurs beat us because their bench was playing good and not turning the ball over both of which okc struggles with
AndrewOKC::Valid point.  I would add that it shouldn't be a surprise that Sam Presti came from teh Spurs, we play very similar styles with Role players supplementing our starters.  But they were the original, the real deal, they are the best.  Spurs are the best coached and assembled "team" consitently for the past decade
AndrewOKC::Maybe 2nd to the Spurs.  Who also beat the hell out of us more than once and awhile
Jeffy5168::what happens when they face the heat and don't get calls? They lose
stgoat::All the Heat did in last years finals was drive and flop.
AndrewOKC::heat are one of the best at not allowing the Thunder to drive the lane.....once again....it follows the pattern
gorillaplus2000::And Thunder only hit 67%. Off night.  Driving to the basket will draw contact.
AndrewOKC::yeah this comes back to the classic OKC vs DAL FT escapades.  Dallas shoots jumpers and never goes to the rim.  How are Refs supposed to find FT shots in a bunch of jump shots?  Thunder drive the rim more than any other team and we get the most FT shots....it is pretty logical
chris johnson 558::they are good
Jeffy5168::43 is just too much
AndrewOKC::My biggest fear:  Somehow we dont play houston the first round and get stuck with  a streaking Laker team......anyone can beat anyone and that is ateam that (if streaking) i just dont want to see in the first round
Jeffy5168::Denver has won 10 straight games
Boomtown405::Spurs?  Eh maybe..  Denver?   Of course not!
gorillaplus2000::Spurs can win on the road, but Denver struggles on the road.  Have to be able to win on the road in the playoffs, which is where the Lakers struggle as well.
gorillaplus2000::Spurs are the primary competition for the Thunder.  Not too worried about any of the other teams in a 7 game series, especially if the Thunder have home court.
Jeffy5168::okc should fear denver and spurs
Rocketswin2013::The Lakers are tough to judge. I really don't know what to expect out of them. But i doubt they get past the 2nd round.
AndrewOKC::If they meet the Spurs in the 2nd round I agree they may not, but its all about t he match ups.  We see Denver?  I think we take them in 5
Hayden Hullett::i dont want to play Houston at all!! we own the lakers.  Houston matches up with us pretty good..so does denver.
gorillaplus2000::Lakers just don't play well as a team with Kobe running the offense.  If they had another really good spot up shooter and Nash running the offense full time and keeping everyone involved, I would be more worried.
Hayden Hullett::i really wish brooks would mix it up a bit and maybe throw reggie a few starts at 2 guard to see how it works
AndrewOKC::I mean anyone should be impressed with Reggie its just hold your guns a little bit about changing the best starting unit in the nba....
Hayden Hullett::damn. sorry i mentioned it guys..just trying to say that ive been impressed with reggie lately!!
Hayden Hullett::i was glad he played good!
Jeffy5168::fisher is old and sluggish he suks as a backup pg
Jeffy5168::fisher has been jumping from team to team  to be either in LA or a championship caliber team
gorillaplus2000::Hoping Fisher is there for more of a "just in case", but Brooks does love him some Fisher.
AndrewOKC::old, and sluggist, yes.  He's been playign well as of late but I dont trust him as far as i could throw is huge $@%
gorillaplus2000::Teams right now are getting their rotations set a bit more, so players get into a flow of when they usually come into and out of the game.  Part of the reason I was surprised at Jones playing tonight.
Hayden Hullett::fisher?
AndrewOKC::why mess with a starting unit that puts up the most ppg in the nba and is the most efficient offience in the nba?
AndrewOKC::note:  "starting unit"   Reggie get MORE minutes in general?  Couldn't agree more
Jeffy5168::who is going to be their backup pg ?
Hayden Hullett::why?
AndrewOKC::= dumb
chris johnson 558::jammer is clutch but he takes to many unnecessary shots afflalo take to many shots and threes and his not clutch we need two new guards
Elton7323::sence when either of them was clutch? we should draft smart and eric green for the replacements
Elton7323::he does that all the time and havent learned to stop which is why we should ditch him
chris johnson 558::jameer hit great shots at the end but he need to be controlled
Jeffy5168::who will get their championships first? THUNDER or NUGGETS?
Jacks_Link::Thunder can win on the road, Nuggets can't.
gorillaplus2000::Good point.
Elton7323::i would say thunder sense nuggets doesnt have that star player to take them over the hill
Hayden Hullett::thunder..a team cant win without a star player sorry
chris johnson 558::magic in the future = thunder now
LHICHAOUI1::vaughn is a great coach!!!!!
MagicBoltzRays::just need to draft Smart and Wiggins and it will be pretty much a sure thing.
LHICHAOUI1::Vucevic is a future HOF
gorillaplus2000::If they get Smart in the draft, it would be a very good start.
Elton7323::if we get rid of nelson and afflalo than we could say that
Jeffy5168::nuggets are the future of thunder
chris johnson 558::nuggets are good now
Jacks_Link::That's a bold statement.
LHICHAOUI1::Lakers w/gasol after all-star superior to all teams in west..fact!!!
gorillaplus2000::Maybe if Kobe stays on the bench, so Nash can run the offense.
Elton7323::opinion
GrapeOKAllDay35::KD needs to chill with the turnovers  6 pastries tonight my goodness
TheMagicFanGuy::Harkless did a good job on defense, he's crazy athletic and has good length.
Jeffy5168::who would have a better chance to beat Heat? OKC with Harden or OKC with Westbrook?
AndrewOKC::Last year Rocketswin...and no rockets will never win (without a new GM)
Jeffy5168::and u think the bench now can compete with spurs bench?
AndrewOKC::yes, because its about the ROLE not the PLAYER.  Martin is putting up similar ppg as Harden. Its not about the player its about the role.
AndrewOKC::our starting rotation is purely based on the fact that KD and RW take control of the starting unit and our bench players  play their role to take control of the game.  Starting a  3rd person who needed the ball in his hands totally destroyed our rotation and ended up being som eof the worst games our franchise has ever played
Rocketswin2013::That too. Both teams made good moves and it was good for both teams.
gorillaplus2000::It was a win for both teams, with Reggie coming up, they had a distributor coming off the bench, they just needed another shooter, and Martin fits the role great.  Getting Lamb and the pick were great bonuses as well.
AndrewOKC::well at least you can admit that, thank you for being a rational NBA fan, I truly didn't see that coming
Rocketswin2013::Honestly, K-Mart coming off the bench is pretty much the same thing as Harden coming off of it. So i don't think they lost the trade. I just think the Rockets won it well.
AndrewOKC::This is a partly the reason the Thunder were OK with trading Harden.  So what if he scores 25 a game as a starter for the Rockets, he would have NEVER gotten the minutes/touches to put up that stat line on the Thunder.  For better or worse he just was not a starter on our team due to the touches that RW and KD demand
Rocketswin2013::Lol wow, what year was that?
AndrewOKC::No she hsould not have been a starter.  Brooks started him for a couple of games to try it out and it totally destroyed our bench production.  get your facts straight please
gorillaplus2000::Westbrook plays better defense than Harden overall as well, but OKC couldn't pay a max contract to a bench player, and Harden deserved to be a starter, so they had to let him go.
BMITCH333::OKC with Russ.  Harden did not show up in NBA Finals vs Miami
Rocketswin2013::James Harden killed the Spurs.
Jeffy5168::He was the main reason in the playoffs against spurs
gorillaplus2000::Harden seemed a bit lost, but it was his occasional flopping that made me cringe.
Jeffy5168::that was one reason why i hated Harden, but he did make plays for his team and he should of been starter
Jeffy5168::lakers can't get past spurs, denver, clippers
LHICHAOUI1::none...lakers will beat miami in6
MagicBoltzRays::Harris - 19 points on 10 shots Afflalo - 20 points on 24 shots
cflip37::is there a good pg in the d-league somewhere
Elton7323::we can start udrih or moore but the coach wont allow it
Elton7323::we need to trade these selfish players
Elton7323::bucks getting owned by boshasaurus lmao
Rocketswin2013::OKC fans i've been debating this with Lakers fans for while but be honest who do you guys think is better... Harden or Westbrook?
Rocketswin2013::Nice replies, i guess they're just two different animals that are both great players.
gorillaplus2000::Hard to compare players sometimes, it always depends on the players around them, as well as the offense and defensive set the team runs.
Jeffy5168::thats why KD is showing his frustration this year getting 13 technicals
gorillaplus2000::He has been trying to become more of a vocal leader for his team the way Perk has been the last couple of seasons.
LHICHAOUI1::harden beard&gt;westbrook
Elton7323::i think harden better than westbrook
gorillaplus2000::I cannot argue that point really, and do not totally disagree.  Both are great shot creators, and All-Stars.
Jeffy5168::Harden makes plays for KD and so he gets better open shots
BMITCH333::love 'em both.  but I am a Russ West cat.
gorillaplus2000::Harden is a better shooter, Westbrook is more athletic, and quicker to the basket.  Depends on what your team needs more.
LHICHAOUI1::lakers&gt;okc
BMITCH333::What?  lachers wil be lucky t make playoffs where they will get killed by OKC.  Like this year and last year.  10 out of 13 games o/c has beaten them.  no contest
LHICHAOUI1::Spurs&gt;wizards
Jeffy5168::heat &gt; every team
mark48424::Wizards&gt;Heat
mark48424::Spurs&gt;Lakers
mark48424::I told you Thunder fans that the Heat werent going to lose to the Bucks.
cflip37::Miami streak should of ended at 14/15
cflip37::exactly, should of never came down to that lay-up, robbed of a and-1
MagicBoltzRays::should have ended against the Magic.
Elton7323::we should trade nelson and afflalo for some draft picks they are so selfish
trizzo23::magic never quit  played hard..go magic !
stairwell13::Durant 6 turnovers, 3 assists.  Pretty typical night for KD when it comes to taking care of the basketball.
gorillaplus2000::If Westbrook and KD combine for 6 turnovers, that isn't a horrible night overall.
82Teo::43 free throws, lmfao. garbage team
MagicBoltzRays::last chance for USA, down 4-3.
KDisNotNice35::Bucks are garbage letting Bosh hoop on them.
kobelovespassing::1-5 3p,  6TO
Jacks_Link::A win is a win.
Aron3411::who went 0-4 today?
gorillaplus2000::Kobe?
Jeffy5168::KD is so amazing with those stats
gorillaplus2000::When you say Harden is better than KD, yes that is obviously a statement of ignorance.   Go tell that to any pro basketball player, and they will laugh in your face.
Jeffy5168::u obviously r  an OKC fan so whatever i say is stupid for u. If u don't like it stop reading my posts simple.
gorillaplus2000::I know, that is why you have no credibility.  You obviously don't understand basketball outside of your PS3
Jeffy5168::i am being sarcastic
gorillaplus2000::You were just telling us how stupid Presti was, and how Harden was better than KD.
Aron3411::26p 9reb
Gabriel Night::We'll be back
Jacks_Link::Good game Magic fans. You guys gave us a run for our money late. Good luck the rest of the season util we meet again.
JDAnderson94::You as well!
KDisNotNice35::Westbrook 0 turnovers.
gorillaplus2000::Perry Jones showed up tonight too.
Gabriel Night::GG OKC
Elton7323::gg okc fans hope u guys win it all but if u guys dont have the killer instinct to finish teams off ur in trouble.
Snorkel Whacker::Hell of a game, Magic.
cflip37::JV needs to make the team realize to never play hero ball
BarkingPants1::Has there ever been three 20 point scorers on each team in the same game?  If so, must be rare...
JDAnderson94::GG Thunder!
Elektrolysis::Poor performance by the Thunder, but a win is a win.
JDAnderson94::Free throws really the difference in this game. We aren't athletic enough to keep up with them.
Elton7323::fail of the year belongs to afflalo for his effort in trying to be like kobe
cflip37::welp thats games proud of the team except for nelson &amp; afflalo
Lavableman::Oh man, Westbrook might finish a game with no turnovers!
MagicBoltzRays::we killed ourselves with dumb shots tonight.
PINKYCUZ-OKC::Told you, When....not If.
JohnsonnnL::Perkins running the fast break like magic johnson
Marshall7584::he missed didn't he? what's the current score?
chris johnson 558::what is meaning of the word clutch  - aaron afflalo
Elton7323::afflalo and nelson would kill us like this just wow
PINKYCUZ-OKC::PEEEERRRKRKKK!!!!!
Marshall7584::what happened?
