KYRIEALLTHEWAY::hOW MUCH DOES HOLLINS SCORE LIKME 3 HIS HIGHEST SCORE WAS 7 SO SHUTUP
ChiTown All Day All Night::Clippers are so underrated.
mark35345::The Hawks still haven't learned ball control. After that playoff clinic they put on against Boston (how to blow games with too many TO's), they're the same even w/o J Johnson.
No-account drifter::Clippers should see whether Phil wants to come coach them.
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::I would not wanna go to the lakers if i was anybody in the NBA not even RYAN HOLLINS AND WE ALL NO HE AINT GOOD AT ALL
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::F*$KN HOLLINS SUCK $@% AND YOU KNO THIS MANNNNN
Ustna5::Actually, Hollins is a decent big off the bench.
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::BLOUSE YOSELF
oldsurfdawg::Lamar will excel when he is released and then goes back to where he really belongs.  Lakers of course.
Ustna5::Right. Because everyone there is playing spectacular basketball.   Gtfo here you damn clown.
jmar2233::Clippers fans, i'd like to introduce you to the real Jamal Crawford.  A strange man who can score efficiently and sometimes passes was wearing his jersey the last few games.  Thankfully, the actual Jamal is back now.
Constantinius III::Is Lamar Odom even going to make an NBA roster next year?
jratman1::Constantinius III - Is Lamar Odom even going to make an NBA roster next year?  Will he finish this year is a better ??
Lakermagicshowtime::Whats funnier is that he called himself a Laker today.HAHAHA still butthurt Lamar? The Clippers are the home of whatever Laker reject they can find
jasondmce1978::Odom averaging 2 points and 2 rebounds for the season.  What a waste of talent.
i-jizz-on-u::i cant wait to beat the heat on wednsday -chris paul
i-jizz-on-u::dude spurs fans u guys won't make a far run,papb*tch has to limit minutes,for duncan,glass ginobli,parker-i just don't see a old a$$ team being a threat in the playoffs may in the season ,i fear memphis more cus they want revenge
aftern9ne::This was a terrible day.
BRAY5150::Seems Like the hawks are tanking this season for a good draft pick, then go after d12 and cp3
Ustna5::"Solid strategy"  - Clippers when they were awful
NbaNflBoxing Lover::As a basketball fan, my only problem with the NBA is that it seems that the Lakers are not allowed to be touched by defenders in this league. Howard is getting the Shaq treatment when he's not the Shaq player... The same can be said for Kobe when compared to Jordan. Sad to see.
NbaNflBoxing Lover::I'd rather see those guys win it on their own rather get help.... they are already 2 talented.
WareTheTDsAt::well nothing you can do about it lol
WareTheTDsAt::lol yea that too... ive learned not to even get mad when lakers get that kind of treatment
NbaNflBoxing Lover::Yep... Nothing but quit watching.
brandonstephensy::You got lucky.. Spurs will sweep you in the playoffs AGAIN :)
WareTheTDsAt::cry about it lol
i-jizz-on-u::clippers should amnesty lamar odom and get kenyon martin back,i thought he was good,plus 1ce chuancy gets going he knows how to make him better
inphinity7::kenyon martin was garbage.
WareTheTDsAt::offensively he was... good on defense though
DoCtA.FlAkE::Question: When will Josh Smith get his stuff together?
i-jizz-on-u::nah hes lame
cmpledger::Clippers should trade Lamar Odom for Hill from the Lakers
theLALshow::rofl the Lakers would never trade for his sorry $@% again. Hill is like the only good thing coming off the bench for the Lakers too.
WareTheTDsAt::id do that ina second but i dont think it would happen
MoFudder::Best bench in the NBA - Clips
i-jizz-on-u::it would be nice if clippers beat the heat in the finals and cp3 gets mvp,and we hang  up our 1st banner lol and lebron tells spoelstra im taking my talents back to cleveland ,that would be price less
i-jizz-on-u::u never know,no 1 ever thought lebron would get 1 ring,or nashh and howard go to the lakers,or bobcats being better than the lakers,or clipps being a threat in the west,u just never know lol
joe quack::everyone thought lebron would get a ring and the bobcats are not better than the lakers. yes they have a better record, but if they played a 7 game series it would be a laker sweep with the average win by 15
jwdog88::Not going to happen
HEAT_FAN_SINCE_2012::Delusional
stingfan1985::Yet another VERY solid game against a tough playoff calber team. This one reminded me of the Memphis game, in that we were in lock-down mode in the fourth quarter and easily pulled away for the victory.  Pacific Division Leader - Clippers.....Last in the Pacifc Division - Lakers  What a nice ring to that statement!!!!       May it continue ALL YEAR!!!!!!!
oczonie::Clips =  Premier round ball team in LA. Lakers = 2nd Fiddle, even with Zen Meister on board.
Kobelies247::Clippers vs Miami in finals!  BOOK IT!
bleupit::clippers held the hawks under 20 in 3 of the 4 quarters i love that stat..
i-jizz-on-u::i hope we get a ring ,but if not as long as the heat and celtics don't get 1 i can live with that
DAntoni to the Lakers::<b>Clipper Nation in full effect, folks.</b>
ClipsRunLA::Clippers &gt; Lakers = Lakers PANIC = Mike Brown fired
DisgruntledSpursAndHeatFans::LA&gt;Mormonville.
JuMueller::typical...
HeatleHitMane::I know it's only 7 games, but the Clippers are for real. They may just be the team to beat in the west.
dude you are so high::"Sit there and say my hair ain't luxurious when you know it is, bxtch"
i-jizz-on-u::yeah clippers need to stay healthy,and get chauncy and grant hill going,and  i won't lie if we never face spurs in playoff time we can go far
JuMueller::Last stat of the night: Clippers franchise percentage: 36.8%... that's just turrible. Barely beating out the grizzlies and bobcats for the worst spot. Have only made playoffs 8 years out of 43? The true Beta Franchise
mrjack117::What's their wining percentage this year? That's all that matters.....now be gone goat
mrjack117::How about the clippers win 74.1% of their games while the Utah $@%! wins 42.9% of theirs.....that's called a fact
JuMueller::I was waiting for one of your team's neanderthal fans to show a hint of IQ
mrjack117::I thought you were leaving?
JuMueller::your tears sustain me
JuMueller::peace out scrubs
YinBallaz::Honestly, the clippers have a great team this year. Expecting them to at least get to the western conference finals vs OKC. lakers look crappy compared this this squad.
mrjack117::The west looks wide open right now, but it's very early in the season still
i-jizz-on-u::jazz will be lucky if they make it to playoffs
i-jizz-on-u::yeah u have to compete with wolves,gsw,rockets,and maybe mavs and nuggets 4  8th spot lol
JuMueller::Aw, the poor little clipper fan made an account just for me, I feel honored
JuMueller::The Jazz franchise keep me perfectly satisfied, nothing you can say about their current or past teams can make me feel otherwise
mrjack117::Jazz do suck though
i-jizz-on-u::i love haters,i won't lie i was  bummed 4 years with the clippers but i've been enjoying them the  pas 4 years and my squad was the 2006 clippers i still think clippers&gt;miami if refs dont call every flop and let lebron travel and not tuurnover the ball more than 15 times
Lavender5226::A Clipper fan complaining about flops.  Did you even watch Paul and Griffin play last year?
DisgruntledSpursAndHeatFans::Why the $@%! is a jazz fan talking $@%! on the Clippers?
bleupit::Clips help them by sending them mo williams and randy foye and this is the thanks they give...
mrjack117::He got tired of wacking it to Stockton and Malone highlights
JuMueller::because the clippers ARE that pathetic
TheBREEZ369::lol $@%!$@ ur team sucks D
airic.ad::Time to get hyped up for Clippers vs Heat:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMlxSCarmBk
JuMueller::Clippers Fans: Like OMG we are so legit, we are finally going to get our 4th playoff appearance in the last 20 years in a league where more than half the teams make it!
JuMueller::Know your place, scrubs
mrjack117::I know the clippers are atop their division
airic.ad::I can guarantee that the Clippers are more legit than your team right now.
bullterrier1349::mrjack117 - He likes the jazz, he's just a troll  nah he probably likes the J***, not the jazz. gtfo of here Jumuller and go back to your mormon compound.
mrjack117::He likes the jazz, he's just a troll
bleupit::stop hating, and get out of here.
Arrow in the Knee::What does that have to do with the current season?
mrjack117::I don't live in past....but I guess the past is all the jazz have right now
bleupit::Go clippers!!!!
DisgruntledSpursAndHeatFans::Clips will beat the Heat. 98-90 Clips
gt1master_ike::Heat are on a long road trip. Wade may not play that game.  Clippers are at home. Clippers have a good chance to beat them especially if Blake and Deandre continue playing the way they have playing.
mrjack117::Probably, if not by more
airic.ad::What's up with Josh Smith and free throws?  0-4?  He's literally the worst free throw shooter in the league at this point.
DisgruntledSpursAndHeatFans::.
s-murphy17::clippers suck
pappydiving222::Disappointed w/ LouWill's performance so far, was definitely expecting more from him.
JuMueller::clippers have overtaken the spurs as most boring team in the league
Arrow in the Knee::Clippers actually have an exciting team.
mrjack117::Yeah bg32 and deandre Jordan are soooooo boring.....the clippers are a highlight machine
JuMueller::aw, did I hurt the temperamental lone clippers fan's feelings?
mrjack117::Mueller you're a goat straight up go troll somewhere else......either you're serious and a moron or just a dou.che bag
JuMueller::The sad thing is your sarcasm is very true
mrjack117::Cp3 is a snooze fest
JuMueller::at missing free throws
mmoore2144::Yeah, and watching Jamal Crawford cross guys up is just dumb to watch.
gt1master_ike::Spurs most boring? Apparently, you have not seen the Pistons in quite some time.
JuMueller::haha very good point... Clippers are the most boring hyped team
mmoore2144::Still waiting for your list of current NBA "stars."
JuMueller::Also I would want to see this lineup:  Kobe Favors Gay Love Sessions
JuMueller::Bron, Durant, Rose, Wade, DWill, Love
mmoore2144::I'm liking the 6 players in double figures. I think they had 7 players with double figures last game.
airic.ad::I hope we blowout Miami on Wednesday to shut up their pathetic fans.
Arrow in the Knee::It's just a regular season game. Step at a time, the goal is to get a top seed for the playoffs.
.antistratfordian.::You can only shut them up if you beat them in the finals, otherwise you'll just get laughed at
Arrow in the Knee::Clippers D is much improved this year. A strong bench, an elite PG, this is a dominant team.
mrjack117::They're looking good this year.....very good
DBeezy313z::As terrible as Lamar Odom has been offensively, I'm still glad he keeps up on defense.
airic.ad::"Keeping up" is not good enough at this point.  We expected him to be the first big man off the bench.
DBeezy313z::Patience is key. He won't have a choice but to get better. Ryan Hollins is too foul heavy and Trey is injured. He's working on his game and losing weight. It'll more than likely improve.
mmoore2144::Hahaha! You can't be serious.
mmoore2144::You must be watching reruns or something.
TheJTram::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=haXxLgajLIY Start watching the vid at the 5:00 min mark. He can play D
Sir Fappington::Yes Lamar Odom is going to carry you to the finals!
DBeezy313z::Seriously. He's been putting heavy D on.  Still, we need the old LO. If we can get that, it's an easy cruise to the Finals.
gaterules::why doesnt louis williams get more playing time
gt1master_ike::Man when did the Clippers get so many haters?. Guess that is a by product of being good again.
nba is the worst::So many haters?  The board is DEAD
HEAT_FAN_SINCE_2012::lmao exactly
Sir Fappington::Clippers fans think they're good. Everyone else laughs and says no. Clippers fans think they're getting hated on and have a good team.  lmao
gt1master_ike::You're not very bright,are you?
Sir Fappington::They are not a good team. They have had a good starts. That's it.
gt1master_ike::Anyone with a brain can see the clippers are a good team.
HEAT_FAN_SINCE_2012::There is nothing to hate on
gt1master_ike::Apparently there is.
