EPL is still king::Please Celtics, you're the only hope we have now.
WillGonzo::Where's slam dunk dork ? He's probably cryin' himself to sleep on his huge pillow. Good win for the Spurs!!! They might be able to extend their winning streak to 10+ if they keep it up. But it won't matter because national media outlets like ESPN won't bother to mention anything about the Spurs. They would rather talk about D Howard having a hissy fit like a spoiled child over who is the teams coach. Or they would rather talk about the Knicks even though they are barely an eighth seed playoff team..........from the friggin' EAST. What a dumb minded society.
johndoe5699::Skip bayless says Tiago Splitter is the best pick-setter in the NBA.
KashMunee::Floppy whiney spurts
Raidersyeahthatsright::Waaaaaahhhh!!!!!
KashMunee::Freaking flopping Eurotrash and caribbean cokaroaches
Raidersyeahthatsright::Waaahhhhhhhhhh!!!!
WeAreTheMIB::The Spurs are just TCB...continuing their relentless march toward title #5.  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
huskers49ers10::I love the spurs! Year after year they just keep winning and let's get number 5
Rickvaughn2181::The celts are going to continue losing tonight against the chi town boys!! Im picking this game to be a chicage victory as well as a low scoring affair! So if u wanna know why an want to learn how to make a few bucks come to my blog!! http://nbawagers.com/2012/04/how-to-wager-on-boston-celtics-at-chicago-bulls/
BabyHandsBob::"San Antonio who? What do they have to do with the Heat or Tim Tebow?" ~ESPN
ChimeraLycan::in other nba news, the Spurs win yet again but continue to get ignored in the media. back to you guys in the studio!
scoot tre::My commentary on the game...Bradley back door cut for the layup, Bradley back door cut for the layup, Bradley back door cut for the layup, Bradley back door cut for the layup, Bradley back door cut for the layup...
green solution::Which is exactly how the game was meant to be played. Keep lovin' Doc. Bradley will be soon forgotten by Doc. Watch for it.
scoot tre::Last night was $@%!$!  But it was also beautiful.  Reason...Championship teams win the $@%!$ games!!!
luvnbayes::How good are the Spurs this year?  They beat the second hottest team in the league, at their place, with Manu possibly playing his poorest game in years and years.  That combination would have been laughable (Spurs winning against  a great team with Manu stinking) for the past 4 years.  SA can win it all.
TexasBoi98::add the fact that is was the second night of a back to back for the spurs and boston hadnt played since sunday.
wrduardo::I saw someone talking about the Easy, I mean East now having a chance of winning and then getting criticized...but please tell me how many times since 1999 they have won the NBA championship...it is still west dominance until the East makes any real run at things
Choose your member name::Celtics going to get a beatdown tonight again.. by John Lucas III
Reality_And_Truth::The Spurs are the most under rated and over looked team in the NBA....they just win.....
Choose your member name::They have such a great organization from top to bottom.
green solution::Kinda like the Celtics were long ago - before Danny and Wyc started their Doc man-crush.
Zo3313::If the Spurs win 9 in a row on local television Does it make a sound?
HEELTARWARRIOR::SPURS 2012 CHAMPS!
_nba is the worst_::Rondo needs to step up his rebounding if the Celtics are gonna beat good teams...
MColby611::Hes a point guard, it shouldnt be his duty to get boards.
green solution::But that's Doc's coaching for you. Doc = 0.
joemcleod83::15-2 on the road (which includes a Portland game where no starters played) for the Spurs after an 2-8 start,  That's what you call dominance!!
forgetmenot433::They get no respect tho.
WeAreTheMIB::Under the radar...that's how they roll...
green solution::The old players run the Celtics, not Doc. Doc has no guts.
scoot tre::Couldn't disagree more.  Doc's coaching is the reason they had a chance last night.
green solution::Read the comment above about rebounding. Doc has produced a team where they need a 6'-1" guard to handle the big rebounding. Recipe for playoff success, I'd say. Keep lovin' Doc. Ray should have played 5 min. off the bench. He will never defend again - if he ever has.
Celtics1634::You just know everything
green solution::Not everything. But even you should know this one.
neymar079::fuc.k the celtics they are overated puto sssssssssss
rudedogg1::Puto = Manwhore = $@%!$@
bjm51388::explain how they are overrated? all year everyone said they are too old and had no shot. Then, they went on an impressive winning streak (including crushing the heat),  and now they lose to the spurs by 1 on a last second missed shot. You would have to admit they have a team capable of winning. And what is a "puto"
CandySparker::I like Team Duncan.
RL Timbers::Celtics1634 your a f@g
Celtics1634::FU.CK YOU
Raidersyeahthatsright::Waaaahhhhhh!!!
pettsmagee::can everyone agree duncan is probably the lamest, most boring superstar to ever play the game?
coupy1000::@Syrindge-No racism at all, just stating the facts. The media is own and run by white people and 99% of the news writers and reporters are white. Also understand and realize that I live in the NY Metro area and I hear all of the negative criticism about black athletes all the time. I'm just giving Duncan his well warranted props because the media surely doesn't! All I ever hear about Tim is that he's boring, old and tired. Why? he plays fundamental bball, doesn't talk trash and just beats his opponents into submission.  As a Black man raising a son in America today, Tim is a breath of fresh air and a role model for my student-athlete son. He doesn't make the headlines for infractions against the law; he makes headlines for being a champion! I don't want my son being the next black athlete to be water cooler conversation in a negative light and the negative joke of the week, or worse the next Trayvon Martin!
Rummpd::LOL pettsmagee C fan still bitter the pingpong balls did not go their way i the bright and hardworking TD had gone to Cs and given them 4 titles he would own Boston.
The_Devlin::I agree with coupy1000, Tim Duncan plays fundamentally sound basketball which is far more rare in this day and age then a flashy player who dunks hard.  I love watching the offensive ball movement of the SPurs and to a lesser extent these days the defensive rotations.  But the Spurs play basketball the way it is meant to be played and it is all anchored by Tim Duncan and to me that is exciting to watch and not boring at all.
coupy1000::I totally disagree! He's just a lowkey guy. No confrontations with police,DUI's or the embarrassing BS that normally follows sports stars,especially Black stars, and as a proud and intelligent Black man I couldn't think of a better role model for my 12 year old son! You can have the Plaxico Burress,Pacman Jones,Jamarcus Russell,Eddie Griffin,Allen Iverson,Jason William and Darryl Strawberry idiots. those were all supremely gifted athletes but were made a mockery by white media! Always walk softly but carry a big stick and Duncan does it with aplomb!!! You sound like a hater to me...
Syrindge::Love Duncan's game and demeanor, couldn't agree more coupy1000. What's up with the racism though?
twinsfan184::It is always fun to watch how ESPN makes sure to trumpet each and every win by the Celtics, but when they lose, it becomes a rumor. Amazing how that works.
lamriverside11::ramon sessions vs CP3!!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDXdnZpxqQ4
Reality_And_Truth::The Lakers are one and done this year....just like last year.....Kobe and the Lakers look old and slow.....
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Lol stop hating do you even no what one and done means ?. 35-20 is good, giving the fact fhat its a compact season, new coach , new system, new pg, Kobe playing with injuires yet agaiin, do everyone realize that the Lakers have only one sg and that's Kobe . And Oyea no depth at all. 35-20  for a slow and old team ill take it.
lamriverside11::Kobe Bryant Lights up the Clippers for 31 Points IS HE BACKK?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLir2enNEnM
Yeah Well You Know Thats Just Like Your Opinion Man::Slam duck on u = my little B I T C H
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::He's everyones b....itch
lamriverside11::the black mamba is BACK!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zveicCrFSNk
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::The Spurs will crush the lakers come april 11!
Reality_And_Truth::Kobe Bryant is a Rapist and should be in Jail today in Eagle, Colorado.......
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Decided to come our from your closet idiot? Keep predicting your useless predictions....you're just making a fool out of yourself! Fly away with those dumbo ears!\/
slam_dunk_on_u::spurt fans rejoicing after a 1-point win against the underachiving Celtics? and after giving up a 17-point lead?  Just Die already!
MColby611::A win's a win, and they played horrid in the second half. If anything I think it shows how good they are after losing all momentum and the lead at the end, but still pull out the win!
RL Timbers::Spurs coming off back to backs to win on their 9th in a row against a Celtic team playing their best ball of the year? Stop being a sore loser you lil bTtch
NOVABuffalo::You ride the short bus
cristo.1::Hey Celt fans, it must really suck to have "slam_punk_on_u" as your official spokesperson
Yeah Well You Know Thats Just Like Your Opinion Man::Theres my b itch. Thought you shot yourself over this lost. Way to show up when everyone else is gone. What a $@%!$@
jtango32::It still killing you celtic fans that you had Duncan ready for the green in '97 huh?   Death by the way will come quicker for the leprechauns...  The Spurs cannot be killed...  They are a systematic machine...
NOVABuffalo::don't forget they attempted to get both DR and TD in free agency, but these two men aren't like many other players and stayed with the Spurs to WIN
daboafadem::You predicted a Celtics win by 10.  Just give up already.
black people will take over the world i promise you::Black people are interesting: they kill each other for no reason, then america makes a black person president.. how is this possible? this is possible because black people are threatening the voters with weapons of mass destruction.. how the black people have weapons of mass destruction? that is because people dont realise how far black people have come in society, they are getting smarter than people think, they are already faster stronger etc.. but smarter? i think yes! due to the threatening obama is the president.. and he will be re elected due to more threatening.. what im worried about? that the mayans are correct, but they are correct because black people will be the reason the world ENDS!!! and you know why? because black people have evolved, adapted to the enviroment better than us, they are a hybrid of gorillas, no DOUBT IN MY MIND.. people be worried, be very worried, as long as there are black people in this world, we arent safe at all, thes spear chuckers are a HUGE threat! im WARNING ALL OF YOU!!!!!!!!
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::I knew it was you Rick Santorum!
newyorksportsfan100454::Go see a psychiatrist
newyorksportsfan100454::The Knicks were lucky in the '73 Seven Game playoff series that John Havlicek was missing from the Celtics lineup from injury. The Celtics were a much tougher playoff team than the Lakers that year.
newyorksportsfan100454::Sports is weird with bad luck-good luck and a game of inches. Like Franco Harris's immaculate reception. Doug Flutie's hail mary throw
newyorksportsfan100454::I experienced many of those with my teams too. I will not repeat the curse words I said posted here.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::Sorry those are still fresh.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::And $@%!$@% Bernard Pollard hurting Gronk in the 4th quarter of the AFC Championship and David Tyrees $@%!$@% helmet.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::Cowens Jojo White Don Nelson Paul Silas...  Even without Hondo the Celtics should have won.
green solution::They'd run past and over Doc's Celtics of today. All rebounds and lay-ups for them. Doc needs to read a book: Basketball 101.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::Eh, Coulda Shoulda Woulda
newyorksportsfan100454::I think they also would have beaten the Lakers easily that year
Post Facts and Get Banned::<b> There hasn't been a small forward to lead a team to a championship (except perhaps 2008, but that was more of a complete team effort) since Larry Bird's Celtics in the mid 80's</b>
33aggies::kobe?
daboafadem::I still love watching old highlights of 1980's basketball.  Lakers and Celtics of that generation were like the Globe Trotters - except it wasn't staged or faked.  They actually did those things in real games.
newyorksportsfan100454::Sorry '89 and '90 Pistons fans but I thought the Lakers and the Celtics had by far the best teams of the 1980s.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::'86 Celtics would crush the '89 '90 Pistons...  They had Bill Walton coming off the bench.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::I'm ok with this.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::I like how this became an actual basketball convo after the Thunder fan left.
black people will take over the world i promise you::PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCMENT: You need to realize the threat black people have on us, they are unstoppable if used correctly, they can shut down water supply, they can kill our children, its really bad people! look at the slavery times, the black people adapted to the whether! it was hot as hell but they survived! howd they do it? i believe it is because black people are a hybrid from gorillas, they have the features of gorillas and the strength of gorillas and they have the traits! the world will end due to black people, black people will kill us all because black people have a ridiculous amount of resources! these blacks need to be stopped!~ NOW
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::Rick Santorum, is that you?
newyorksportsfan100454::What the hell are you talking about?
daboafadem::WTF?
cp3andcompany::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
newyorksportsfan100454::Will you get out of here
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::Just flag him, he's a Clippers fan anyway.
newyorksportsfan100454::There was a time in the years after the Lakers three peat from 2000 to 2002 that I thought the Spurs were going to be the next big thing in the NBA like the Lakers and the Bulls prior.
newyorksportsfan100454::Re:daboafadem  It would also be very entertaining to see the 1980s complete full unretired top players Lakers teams square off against the 1990s Bulls team with Jordan.
daboafadem::Agree 100%.  The only time MJ faced Magic, half the Laker squad was out due to injury.  There are a lot of fun "what if" scenarios.  Let's enjoy this generation while they are still around.  Quite a few big names with only 1-3 seasons left.
daboafadem::The whole back to back thing is way over-rated.  Winning 4 titles in 9 years is impressive.  Let's see, who has equaled or done better?  We all know Boston had 8 in a row back in the 1960's and 11 out of 13 which is tops.  Zero back to back winners in the 1970's.  The Lakers got 5 out of 8 in the 1980's.  The Bulls got 6 out of 8 in the 1990's.  That's it.  A whopping 3 teams out of 30 have surpassed the Spur's 4 titles in 9 years.  So right now, there are 26 teams that would gladly trade places with the Spurs.  I just don't see how Detroit winning 2 in 89-90 and Houston winning 2 in 94-95 is more impressive.  I'll never understand that thinking.
daboafadem::It would have been very entertaining to see the Rockets and Bulls square off.  MJ never had to face a game 7 in the finals.  Olajuwon might have made that happen.  Spurs fans hear the lack of repeating as a slight all the time.  It's just a dumb argument.  What's better?  A flash in the pan that was good for only 2-3 years or a team that dominated a period of 8,9,or even 10 years?  I'm going with the latter.
newyorksportsfan100454::@daboafadem  Neither do I with the Pistons and Rockets. Jordan was temporarily retired in '94 and '95 so it is unfair to compare the Rockets up there with the Bulls with Jordan.
newyorksportsfan100454::Bird didn't take as long. Neither did Magic take as long to reach that Championship ring.
newyorksportsfan100454::I know very well. Before Kobe did
bballfan6767::you do know the spurs won in 99 right? Duncans second year lol.
newyorksportsfan100454::Jordan had Pippen but Pippen without Jordan was not as effective. Jordan before Pippen the Bulls were still not quite there yet for another 5 years. Kobe too took awhile until 2000 when he finally reached that Championship
daboafadem::And they were.
bballfan6767::they did win 3 in 5 years man. teams could do a lot worse than that. there was a time after the Carmelo trade where i thought the knicks would be better than an 8 seed(sorry couldn't help myself)
newyorksportsfan100454::If you want to mention the 3 best championship winning teams since 1990 it has to be the Bulls,Spurs,and Lakers. You are a bias fool to argue for others as good or better. If you want to mention 1980 to 1988 it has to be the Lakers and Celtics
mespin018::Lebron's all around game is better than Kobe but Kobe is a better pure shooter and is Clutch.
bballfan6767::I know i thought you were a knicks fan. I took your original post as a slight to a spurs team that won 3 championships in 5 years. very impressive and something every fan base would kill for since 2003, since no other team has done that.
newyorksportsfan100454::No way Melo is not on the same page as Duncan and those Spurs teams. Lebron is not even on the same page as Duncan and those Spurs teams. That is like the argument of people making Lebron greater than Kobe.
cp3andcompany::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
newyorksportsfan100454::I would definately say Malone was the best NBA player to never win an NBA Championship in his career. Sorry Ewing fans but that is the truth.
Portside387::Reggie Miller?
mot5082::i would also put barkley in the convo...it's not a simple argument man...no reggie??
newyorksportsfan100454::Ahhh the comparison with Baylor and Malone is like apples and oranges.
Flop City::No. Elgin Baylor was better.
newyorksportsfan100454::Duncan is up there on top with Malone
wrduardo::I'm sorry, it is not even close when it comes to the best power forward...and the reason isn't just championships but defense...
newyorksportsfan100454::It's hard to top Duncan. No doubt. But Malone did it with poor teams. But I would say Malone was a close 2nd and for the mediocre team he had he did better than anyone else except Duncan. Duncan is the only one who I could say beats Malone. But it is close.
bballfan6767::big gap between 1 and 2. No expert or player would tell you otherwise. To say Malone is better than Duncan is to say Robertson was better than bird. Its not all about the numbers.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::Malone I'll just give him the benefit of the doubt because he lost to the Bulls, which were arguably the best team ever (not better than the '86 Celtics).  Lebron couldn't play on the same court as Bird.  But Oscar averaged a triple double for an entire season.  I'd obviously take Bird, but I can't hate someone who take Oscar.
bballfan6767::you are making very reasonable posts, my only question to you is, shouldn't playoffs count for something? because looking at your argument. Bird becomes the 3rd best SF ever, behind the Big O and LeBron. ANd i certainly believe bird was better than both of those players.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::We love Pierce in Boston but he's nothing compared to Duncan, especially in '03.  I'll admit that.  But it was in fighting that killed the Shaq and Kobe team. And Malone and Duncan are basically even. Malone was the offensive PF Duncan was the Defensive PF.  Completely different players, both great.
mespin018::Don't forget the Mavs were very competitive all those years with Spurs those series were Battles.
bballfan6767::They had won 3 straight NBA championships. A lot more talent than anyone else in the NBA at the time. Pierce was playing by then to, i know thats not the argument but Boston fans love him. If the NBA sucked so bad then where was he?
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::Kobe and Shaq were falling apart by that time.  Too much ego for one team.
bballfan6767::And there is the hole in that argument. A crappy Nets team vs the Jordan led bulls. But i would tell you to look at who he beat in the western semis that year. a Kobe/Shaq let Lakers team. Coming off a 3 peat.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::But they only beat the Nets that year, the East was real weak then.  Not to take anything away from Duncan because I think he is one of the greatest players ever.
bballfan6767::2003. Yes the team had at least 3 HOFers probably 4(not trying to start another debate but Ginobili gets in on international accomplishments alone, and i believe the international part of the Hall puts parker in for being the best European guard of all time) but anyways. Robinson was 40, Parker was 19 and Ginobili hadn't quite figured out the game yet. It was literally Duncan vs Everyone else and he came out on top lol.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::It's honestly 1 and 1a.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::I agree its all about rings and nothing else.  But it was literally Stockton and Malone vs the Bulls.
bballfan6767::i agree with that. But i think history views Duncan and Bird much differently. All great players. Duncan and Bird were great players when it "really" mattered. The other two were not. Simple as that.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::Different type of players.  Both Great.
elcherry::If somebody told me Duncan is the 2nd best player ever, I wouldn't think they're crazy.
mespin018::Everybody in the NBA former and present say Duncan is the GOAT except anybody related to the Jazz. I think Malone is more of a SF if he played today like Durant or Nowitzki. Duncan was so Dominate those first 5-6 years he was unstoppable.
bballfan6767::And apparently Boston fans. I wouldn't be upset if we had just played the Jazz, of course thats what they think. I don't understand why Boston fans feel that way. Not trying to come off to harsh I guess I just don't understand their argument.
bballfan6767::Just because he wasn't selfish doesn't mean he wasn't the best. I guess you choose to believe 1999, 2003, 2005, 2007 didn't exist. Im sure Jazz fans are happy with there no championships.
goatlost::Duncan was never thhe best offensive player any year ever. Heck not even top 5 any year.
goatlost::malone. Rodman was probably best defender rebounder tougher than Duncan.
mespin018::He is the Best PF ever to play the GAME.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::If anything it's 1 and 1a.   Very different type of players both great.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::I know its about rings, but it was literally Stockton and Malone vs the Bulls.
bballfan6767::a Boston fan should know its about the rings. I hate when people say "he had to play jordan or he would have won a bunch" what about 99, or the Rockets years. There were just always better players Malone. Duncan when it mattered most, was better than everyone else in the NBA. Malone never even sniffed that distinction. And don't tell me about his two MVPs because i saw Jordan and Duncan walk away the finals MVP those years.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::They were both great hard to say who is definitively better.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::Malone averages 25 and 10 for his career.  Rebounding was a huge part of his game.  But I'll agree Duncan is better defensively.
bballfan6767::Karl there was a 4 year stretch where Duncan was the best offensive and defensive player in the NBA. Malone was never a good defender. Plus when the spurs needed it, duncan was the best player on the floor. Like 03, 05 and 99. Malone never had that greatness in him. So to say Malone is better is almost silly. I think Oscar Robertson was better than larry bird.. see what i did there
mespin018::Malone was just a scorer Duncan was bigger could shoot and play defense Better.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::Karl Malone IMO but Duncan is right there.
jbe1984::Depends on how you measure greatness, I suppose.
goatlost::there are 6 horrible 20 win or fewer teams in eastern conf. There are only 2in west! The east is garbage.Chicago has no o Miami has no bench.The east has zero chance of winning finals for awhile.
newyorksportsfan100454::@goatlost Slow down son. OKC and Memphis up there on top as the heavyweights? That is rediculous
mespin018::You don't know Basketball. Bulls offense comes from defense and the Heat have a better bench than the Thunder.
mespin018::Harden and WHO? The Heat has James Jones the best 3pt shooter in the NBA IMO, Shane Battier one of the best defensive players in the NBA and could shoot the 3 , Mike Miller who knocks down the 3 almost every time and can give you size, Noris Cole who is a good Rookie  and Udonis Haslem who is a good defender and great rebounder.
goatlost::WWWWWWWWWWWWWWhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttttttttttt! Harden Collison,Cook.Mohammed! The heat have no bench fawking idiot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
goatlost::THE TRUTH ITS CALLED THE NBA STANDINGS FOOL!
newyorksportsfan100454::What are you talking about?
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::He has no idea.
newyorksportsfan100454::Re:goatlost     You are out of touch with reality of the NBA
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::That goat sure is lost!
jbe1984::All of goatlost's obnoxious posts aside, I'm excited for the postseason. The West will be tight (OKC is a great squad, but they'll have to get past the Spurs, Mavs, and Lakers), and the East has a few heavyweights (love watching Chi and Mia, and Boston keeps fighting). It's a top-heavy league, which will make for some great late-round series. Bring on June!
jbe1984::I mean, seriously. I know this game was sloppy and tough to watch at times, but if upper-level teams are playing tight games and fighting like this in early April, I can't wait for some of the potential game 7s in a couple months.
newyorksportsfan100454::I'm still not impressed enough with OKC as much as the heavyweights like the Spurs,Lakers,and Mavs. It you are going to win the Western Conference and NBA Championship you team will have to go through any one of those clubs. It has been common in the last 10 years that the team in the Western Conference who eliminates either the Lakers or Spurs is the one who usually wins the NBA Championship.
goatlost::Why so high on Mavs they are done. Honestly I would say Okc,Memphis, San Antonio,Clippers, Lakers. I think all of them would beat Chicago, Miamji or Orlando in finals.Sorry not Buying Boston    either.
jbe1984::Obviously I'm biased, but I'd give best scoring PG to Tony Parker. Way more efficient.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::And Westbrook isn't the best PG in the league, he is maybe the best scoring PG, not the best PG
jbe1984::Dallas: Defending champs. Got a guy named Dirk.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::Celtics have a pretty solid bench.  But Chicago Miami ECF I think.
jbe1984::Westbrook: too many misses on unnecessary shots to go with too many TOs. Good scorer. Exciting player. Not a great PG. When your PG shoots more than KD, you're gonna have problems in the postseason.
goatlost::Cmon dude you really think the celtics will get past second round.I love rondo 2nd best pg in league behind Westbrook but no depth at all.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::Hw the f u c k do you see memphis or the clippers staying with miami or chicago?
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::You, sir, are dumb.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::And best of all, no Knicks.
jbe1984::Gotta keep the tradition alive
daboafadem::Where is our buddy Slam_throat_on_c_ock?
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::He buried himself!
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::As a Celtics fan I'm willing to give Ainge away for free.  Any takers?
CST73::our first NBA championship in over 20 years under the watch of Ainge and you want to throw him away?
craighaertter::That championship was compliments of Kevin McHale.
daboafadem::Mario Elie wants him!
jrent2000::nope
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::What if we throw in Jermaine O'Neal and his 8 games per season?
jrent2000::the spurs will beat okc in the playoffs our front court is stronger and our bench is much deeper we have beaten them consistently proven to be a better match
jrent2000::lol ya one game and all of a sudden your the best even the portland trail blazers won one game, you dont see them saying there gonna beat the spurs
goatlost::Beat em so bad first game we rested our starters in4th.
jrent2000::so what? they still cant beat the spurs
daboafadem::Ibaka is a stud when it comes to blocks, but he isn't a true lockdown defender yet.  Perkins is more reputation than results these days.
goatlost::Perkins is a top 5 defender at his position Ibaka too. Ibaka has improved drastically his one on one defense this season.He also averages a block more than 2nd.
jrent2000::r you kiddding? they can stand around in the paint all day if they want the spurs r the number one 3 piont shooting team in the nba
goatlost::Our frontcourt is better defensively! you dont have any defenders in Perkins or Ibaka's league.
purpl3paul::as a spurs fan the only two teams im afraid of is okc and the grizzles those two teams can create problems for the spurs if we dont execute and play some stunning defense, so come playoff time itll be like the nba if okc and the spurs face off
jrent2000::spurs would own them they match up good with them
goatlost::cmon now that is ridiculous.
jrent2000::i wish we could play a easy team like ock in the playoffs
mespin018::Blair too he had a monster game against them.
Lawbstuh and Chowduh::Perk and Ibaka are good defensivly, Duncan pwns them, even at 35.
t hartmann::The Western Conference playoffs are going to be a heavyweight slugfest
WeAreTheMIB::WCF will be the real Finals.
goatlost::westernconference is winning the Finals. Thunder are a team with more than just Durant and Westbrook.
jrent2000::its hard to see any championships with james and wayde aroung plus d rose
purpl3paul::They are a dangerous combo and will be for many years to come, but it takes a team to win a championship not two players
goatlost::Dude thats cuz they are only 3 years a playoff team and get better every game they play. Dont hate so much they are easily the best duo in Nba.It's not hard to see multiple championships in their future.
mespin018::That's what hurts them when one of them is cold they need to have someone else that can produce or else teams will shut them down and they are done.
goatlost::Nope. His job is different than most point guards we rely on his and Durants scoring and Harden off the bench. As long as  I baka and Perkins score 6p-10 points each ckome playoffs we will be fine.
mespin018::The 2 things that will hurt the Thunder is the lack of Defense and Westbrook taking too many shots instead of facilitating the ball to create open shots for other players. Those are 2 key parts of Winning a Championship.
jrent2000::thats because your fan who cant imagine anybody else beating your team
goatlost::no doubt . Still dont think anyone can handle Durant and Westbrook all series.
jbe1984::I say just let Westbrook  do his thing. All those TOs and missed FGs would help the other team without even having to try very hard.
