Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Comments are bunch of gobbly goo....glad I didn't read thru most of it.
piper at the gates of dawn::chris pauls completely overrated... he dribbles his teams into a mess and refuses to run a break... hes never been past the 2nd round and never will.. have fun with him clipper fans (if there are any)
Excelscior1::Wow, only 531 comments--as of now. Is that right? I would think The Clippers has more fans/Haters than that, for such a faltering team after a good start.
Drivebyfalcon::I love the new look hawks, we trade two overrated players for a bunch of B rated basketball players and now we are lined up to make a big free agency move. Im guessing we still finish as the five seed this year. Im curious to see what happens with Josh.
Dr. NuN::Okay, welp, that Hawks logo lewks like an Alien to me. Just sayin'...
rex_coach::Clippers are a joke!
fairandbalanced00::I thought the east was an easy road trip for the clippers and any top team in the west, what happened??
rex_coach::Seriously?
BarrelRider04::Only the Clips could win 6 in a row and look so great and then instantly go into the tank for no explained reason whatsoever.....or is the explanation that they ALWAYS suck on the road?
Excelscior1::Boy, the road in the NBA surely equalizes or separates the Contendors from the Pretendors. Least they scored more than 75 pts this time.
nba is the worst::3-3 is better than 1-4, from an LA perspective
thematrix709::Atlanta will sneak through and win an NBA championship this year......ATL stand up !!!
nba is the worst::Seems unlikely, but I like your optimism!  Good job beating a team with a winning record!
jc_sooner::Lol
skrganovich::Poetic.  A few days ago delusional Clips' fans were screaming all the way. Suddenly we're facing excuses.
doof54::One thing the Lakers and the Clippers have in common:  Neither team from LA LA can play on the road.
i-jizz-on-her::even though clips have been playing awful its still early and i think they'll figure it out,clippers still a threat hope people take them lightly cus it will hunt them we still need lamar odomto get in shape if cp3 aint having a great game let j.crawford close the games have del negro do better rotations and hope grant hill and chancy billups come back ready to play
mercedsAMG1977::Making around 2-3K a month profit using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. You can find the system on the first page of google by searching "sports betting system"
Heritage Champion::Wow after reading some of these comments, being an insider suddenly doesn't seem like such a prestigious honor... bunch of immature trolls
run_this_town::Carbon-based Knicks suck  8-3&gt;8-5
Minnie Mantlez::Break up the Hawks
thematrix709::why ? they are 8 -4 with a five game winning streak.....save that comment for April when they are stinking up the court !!
run_this_town::Clips need a new coach. stan van gundy would be good
3PeatKB24::LMAO, the Lakers cant play any worse so far and have been a mess and are only 1 and half games out of first. Once the Lakers get rolling like tonight order will be restored in LA.
doof54::So, what you're saying is that even though the Lakers are terrible - you are OK because the Clippers are almost as terrible?
run_this_town::not really. lakers will be under. 500 again
3PeatKB24::Yeah right, Lakers will run away with the Pacific. The Clippers along with the Knicks are the most overhyped teams in the league.
epamobsta650::harrison barnes http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1r6xtta-7g
AlexWest.2324::AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! clippppppppppppppppppppppppeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrssssssssssssssssssssss ssssssssssssssssuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuccccccccccccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk ddddddddddddddddddddddddiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiikkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkcccccccccccccccccccccccccc!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Carbon-based::Knicks suck
DukeLV::Clippers suck
DukeLV::I agree with every $@%!$@% word
Carbon-based::Go Irish !
Dawg119900229999::So Odom still sucks?  He needs to retire
DukeLV::Odam is a $@%!$
DukeLV::Odam just got $@%!$@
DukeLV::Screw you clippers,go to hell!
chicago d rose::what the hell theirs people
Carbon-based::Clippers suck
Road dog Red::Atlanta is for the birds,, The Hawks.. the Falcoms.. a bunch of bird brains fans to go with it
DeviouStaal_::Oh the irony. The Falcoms? Really?
Road dog Red::What is a Clipper anyway.. i mean .. REALLY
doof54::Sailing Ship.  Comes from when they were in San Diego.
Road dog Red::Atlanta straight out SUCKs,.. the Clipers should be ashamed of themselves
thematrix709::nicca please..........go to hell !!
Road dog Red::THE TRAVEL CLIPPED THE CLIPPERS
Road dog Red::Marquee matchup???? less than 500 posTs.. PATHETIC
chicago d rose::clips and hawks suck
THE-GODFATHER-22::Clippers are a joke bahhhhh
Kevin55829::still early in the season......too tough to tell
CucumberSlice22::Jamal Crawford's shooting efficiency and DeAndre Jordan actually making a presence down low are the x-factors for the Clippers.
Minnysota Vikings::Why is Lamar Odom still getting playing time?
LAwinsagain::There is no clipper nation.
Unnamed777::Hows Derrick Rose doin tonight???? Owwwwwwwwwww
Unnamed777::Hahahahaha
legodjames::Thunder will win the west again.
erthing_atl3::hawks lookin like one of the top teams in the east so far. 5 in a row, have beat some good teams, and played quite well against miami, could of won that game. im loving this team w/o joe. getting good ball movement and everybody playing well. plus teague looking like an all-star.
oldsurfdawg::Go back to San Diego.  You'll always be an LA wannabe.
sgafsetomorpnpse::Clippers are a pretender.
sgafsetomorpnpse::LMAO. Knew the Paper Clips would get exposed on this road trip.
GASC72::as if the lakers nation has room to talk.   they been waiting all week to finally win a game and the clippers to lose so they can mouth off.  yall still under 500 and yall still got dantoni as coach.  cant fall back on the past cuz your present sucks, word to oakland raider fans
GASC72::**daps**
GASC72::i bring up history cuz when ish goes south for the lakers, chumps pull the rings card, and they look the part of an idiot like the raider fans do today.  lake show "fans" hypin up their team and yelling championship history but dont even know who kareem or michael cooper  is.  dont get me wrong, there are knowledgeable people out there, but its overshadowed by trolls/fools
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Well, if you see me on the boards I never bring up the ring argument.  Cooper is one of the best perimeter defenders of-all time, but people are to young to know that and only talk about Jordan, Pip, Payton (who I consider to be the best perimeter defender because he held the mighty MJ to 41% in the Finals).  And I think Kareem gets a little overrated cause he was stuck on that 1 ring ring until Magic was drafted in 79 and Resurrected his career.  I know my Lakers history and i'm not from there...
GASC72::KOBE, i agree.  Lake show will be there.  its just hilarious when people will say that the clipps wont be.  gotta be realisitc.  im not a clipps fan but i sure as hell wouldnt wanna be in a 7 game series with them in the post season.  and if the lakes are all on point, i wouldnt wanna play them either
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Oh. I know the Clips will be dangerous when playoffs start, and are a threat to grab the #1 seed out West. I just hate when Clips fans try to bash the Lakers when the History shows they have no room to even talk. I'l admit if Billups doesn't get hurt last year, they steal the Pacific.
dane123646::Alas, the difference between the Lakers and Clippers couldn't be clearer than today's response to both of them losing yesterday.  The Clips lay another egg.  The Lakers are blowing the Mavs out by 25 at the half.
GASC72::hah still cant get over this cat sayin turmoil.  that ish is no ones fault but their own hahaha
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Maybe you should learn what the word turmoil means before you post.   smh.........
GASC72::are u talking about a season that doesnt matter again?
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Clippers 8-5  Lakers 7-7  After all the turmoil LA has been through, the Clips haven't separated themselves at all.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::I totally agree with you, I have had to turn off games sometimes watching a team with this much talent look like they have no business being in the NBA.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::We are up by 30 in the 3rd quarter, that game is over. LOL!  Only a hater and would think this team with this talent is not gonna turn it around and be a serious threat in the West.  And i'm not referring to you with this post.  This team will go on a winning streak and all will be right in LA LA land.
GASC72::with that starting 5 (4) they should be, dont ya think?
GASC72::7-7  i see ur counting that win already.  better hope they continue to shoot 60% from the field and 80% from behind the arc.  well ish, they might not need to,  dallas is doing a good job of letting vince carter lead the team
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::I'm talking about injuries, chemistry, and coaching changes. LA has been dissected on ESPN much like the Heat in their 1st year, but even through all that we are still right there with the best teams in the West, and a game and a half out of the Pacific lead.
GASC72::turmoil....self inflicted bro.  thats like pointing the finger at the gun maker after shooting yourself with their gun
lakerfan293092::Flippers are the same team from last year unlike the lakers who have had two different coaches two different offenses and 7 different players.
GASC72::are the clippers really the same team from last year?  look at the rosters son
LukeFondleberg2::CP3 still hasn't won SQUAT and he doesn't stop talking. Can play but talks way too much. He gone as soon as he can Clipper nation because nothing is his fault.
LAwinsagain::The clippers have no nation
Carbon-based::Cp3 going to Dallas or the Knicks
Carbon-based::Clippers suck
naija82::LAL &gt; LAC
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Always.....
