yeahgodisgood2me::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone that is looking for a system that actually works. There is a reason this system is all over Google as highly rated, it works
lamriverside13::Andrew Bynum 30 rebounds game, what is he trying to do at the end?????????????? shooting a damn 3?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBu-VdoXaiQ
pako1008::lol with the nba, foul with 1 second hahaha and lossing by 6
Kobelies247::Even Portland of all teams cant figure out how to lose games right......
OregonUniversity95::Because we have enough respect for ourselves to not
jzalvarado::Serious Question, if Petrino's mistress gave it up for a job and 20 grand, does that make her a high end prostitute??
gcd8::the athletic director better find a good coach because if arkansas struggles this year he's gone
Kobelies247::Makes her a $@%! and him A FREAKING MORON
jzalvarado::Heck a very smart $@%!$ .. she'll probably get a book deal out of this.  She definitely will NEVER be welcome back anywhere near Fayateville though
gcd8::nfl no way not as head coach maybe some $@%! job like the tampa coach took ,morris go from head coach to special teams coach ouch, pretrino is getting a big time demotion
gcd8::yeah a desperate program like new mexico maybe, this guy will be in some conference that's real bad, i don't know what's wrong with this guy he had a great job in atlanta and ruined that then got another great job at arkansas and ruined that, that was a gutsy firing too because arkansas is supposed to be really good this year
jzalvarado::I would say he would go to the NFL, BUT he burned his bridges worse there than he did at Arkansas
gcd8::where does this guy get another job, i don't think he could get a high school job the way he's going
WarriorsWarrior::Someone will give'um a chance... it's the American way
gcd8::she should of got knocked up to get some nice child support payments
jzalvarado::oh.  well there's still time.  She'll probably miss her period next month.
gcd8::pretty much
aster513::robinson always does that.  makes a couple shots and then thinks he's a superstar or something and ends up taking dumb shots or tunrovers last 2 min of game
brent313131::I had a parlay plus straight bet that Portland 2nd half Cover cost me 1800! What the hell was with the reff calling that?
gcd8::i take the bad beats with sports betting just like poker it will even o ut sometimes u get real lucky at end of games too,
brent313131::Iv bet heavy for bout 4 years and of course I have lost bad at times but that one stings the foul call was so late.
gcd8::i had parlay ending in portland ml and i did a straight bet golden state at half +.5 for a nice 7 point middle to win bet, was 1.2 secs away from it too, i hate losing at the very end it hurts
darwinislord::Biedrins had another big game. I can't believe we're only paying that stud 9 mill this season.
jzalvarado::I don't think he was 9 mill good tonight, but I thought he was playing a particular solid if not unspectacular game BEFORE Jackson yanked in favor of his famed small lineup
looptyloop22::I still can't get over how sick that cover was. Fouling down by 6 with one second left. BWAHAHAHAHA!! I really feel for those that took the Warriors though, that has gotta be a tough pill to swallow.
gcd8::i really believe ref didn't know how much time was left on clock that's the only thing i can think of
aster513::that was a much sicker cover
gcd8::ohh yeah very sick losses, still remember chris duhon hitting a 3 off the back board a meaningless 3 at end of game to cost me a big bet with uconn in the ncaa final, sick losses in baseball closers blowing saves with big leads, lots of nba stuff happens at end of games, seen it all, just like poker get some good beats on river and some bad ones
aster513::same thing happened in clipper game this year, except it was reggie evans and the clipper were actually up10 points and ref called foul with 1.2 sec left on inbounds play, free throws let the over hit
aster513::if you've been betting for a while, you must have had sicker losses than that
gcd8::i think the ref wasn't paying attention to the clock if he did notice only 1.2 left i don't think he calls that, i think almost 90 percent of time that foul isn't called,
looptyloop22::Fouling down by 6 points with 1 second left is pretty damn sick, definetely the sickest cover I've ever had.
gcd8::yeah i have seen a few coaches do that $@%! call a time out with a few secs left and down by more points that u can't come back, they prob do that for future games and to practice those that's the only thing i can think of cuz i see it alot
aster513::that's true but this cover is nothing compared to the last game.  blazers actually took a timeout with 5 sec to go down 7 to advance ball to halfcourt and set up a play.  wtf is that?
gcd8::nba players can make wide open 3's he had nobody around him it's like playing horse they will make those most of the time, i'm just pissed cuz 9 out of 10 times the ref will swallow the whistle with a few secs left this ref waited til after the player was by lee and it was like a touch foul not the type of foul u woudl commit if u wanted to foul intentially
looptyloop22::The site that I was on there was heavy money on the Warriors at +0.5, the rate was at -125, so I took Portland -0.5 at +105. That's a tough one for you man, better luck next time..
aster513::well that was a ridiculous 3 that rush made.  it should not have even been close for the warriors for a cover
gcd8::makes me wonder about nba games being fixed by refs
kcchen_us::Good lost, let's get a draft pick
Miami Fan 1 3 6::Good night all....
gcd8::how does that ref call that foul with 1.2 secs left in a 6 point game 99 percent of the time they let that go, just happen to call a foul that resulted in portland covering 2nd half hmm
gcd8::was 1.2 secs away from a nice payday , very questionable foul especially the delayed whistle he didn't call foul right away that's what pisses me off
gcd8::i had a parlay that ended with portland ml so i knew i had a good middle at halftime needed golden state to lose game by 7 or less to win both bets
helloem714::same thing with under over on 2nd half....why there no defend at all in the 4th qt?
Miami Fan 1 3 6::GCD8 you must bet a lot of money...
jzalvarado::OH wow... well at least one of you Won
natoregon808::but he won me 1k so its a net gain
aster513::something is up with the blazers and 2h covers
helloem714::maybe that ref from Vegas man....
aster513::the last game, blazers called a timeout down 7 with 5 sec to go.  advanced to halfcourt and crawford made shot to cover 2h bet by 0.5 pt
Miami Fan 1 3 6::Yes amazing.. I choose Portland and the -0.5 and won.... amazing how they know the odds and fouls are called at the right time.. perhaps more money was put up on GS
gcd8::thank u very much mr number 41 referee cost me 818 dollars with the foul call with 1.2 left nice job
Miami Fan 1 3 6::Do you often bet that much on the half time
jzalvarado::so did u win or lose?
gcd8::STRAIGHT BET [2521] 2H GOLDEN STATE +½-110  900 / 818  -900 LOSE LOSE 04/11/20
Miami Fan 1 3 6::Thank you Felton for hitting those 2 free throws to help me cover
camjones56::This account has been temporarily suspended for violation of the Site Rules/Terms Of Use. Reinstatement is automated after 24 hours. Please review our rules while you wait for your suspension to expire. If you are not reinstated once 24 hours have expired, please contact our Moderation Manager at ESPNReinstatement@mzinga.com. Because speed is necessary when responding to violations, we cannot tell each individual what violation was committed.
helloem714::what another $@%!$@%! NBA 2nd half!!!!
jzalvarado::If there were six men allowed per team on the court at once, then David Lee would make the Perfect 4
omgpokerin::ignorant..
chargeLINson::Lakergang
camjones56::1008th
camjones56::SagginniggaS
aster513::this is all on wesley matthews!!!!  thank you for the cover!!!!!
mrscrls03::HELL YEAH!
aster513::this still doesn't make up for that bs 2h cover by the blazers in the previous game.  wanted to kill someone after that
13redboy13::like if i had golden st 2h i don't know what i would do
Doc Emmett L Brown::Sounds like you were watching Wesley Matthews in some gay $@%!$
13redboy13::what a $@%!$@% cover baby
Echelon27::goodnight, this has been a complete waste of my life
mrscrls03::YOU WIN SOME.. YOU LOSE SOME...BUT U LIVE.. YOU LIVE TO FIGHT ANOTHER DAY!!
Doc Emmett L Brown::Don't worry Payter. That's why they call it Schmoople
BenHowlandisagenius::at least we're all wasting our lives together
BenHowlandisagenius::Joel Pryzbilla's salary:  	 $655,602
BenHowlandisagenius::Yea and he just stands there making it lol
Doc Emmett L Brown::In my defense I am not 7' tall
Doc Emmett L Brown::More than I make.
Miami Fan 1 3 6::I hate seeing Griffin... all he does is dunk the damn ball
Kobelies247::and both of you idiots would love to have him on your team...
Miami Fan 1 3 6::Yea....I dunk the ball.. lol... He is a goofy looking assss... lol
venom9247::all he does is fu.ckin offensive foul on every dunk and gets unwarranted hype
ARandolphNeedsPT::would you rather be Taylor Griffen or Chum Lee
omgpokerin::and the game will be under review for the foul at the end the reF called 2 seconds to late after he broke the trap and noone was touching him when whistle blew.
looptyloop22::LOL..
YANKEES WIN THE WORLD SERIES THANKS KENTUCKY::after further review vegas says its all good
score1 4me::DAVID LEE FOULED HIM OBVIOUS
Miami Fan 1 3 6::Now I just need Vancouver to win
Miami Fan 1 3 6::lol..  i mean the Cannucks
Doc Emmett L Brown::They play in Memphis now
Trapped in Golden State::my work here is DONE! everyone have a good night and Warrior fans check out http://www.trappedingoldenstate.com/2012/04/2013-look-ahead.html
Trapped in Golden State::yes sir!
jzalvarado::see ya on the Lauridsen Blog
SB4LlFE::oh god... can they f@cking stop showing griffin's highlights on espn
Miami Fan 1 3 6::68 points in the 4th  wow
chargeLINson::Portland HC caneles and Klay Thompson are sexy af
BenHowlandisagenius::Great line by the oddsmakers
camjones56::On a scale of 1-10 i'd rank you an 11...
camjones56::You too!!!
jzalvarado::Whoever keeps 'Liking' every single comment must either have really slow internet connection OR they forget to refresh this page every couple of minutes
Doc Emmett L Brown::My internet is so fast, I got this and two brazzers vids going at once.
jzalvarado::I paid for a trial of that s.hit once!  Best 4.95 i've ever spent!
looptyloop22::That was the craziest Portland -7.5 that I ever seen. CLUTCH SHOOTING BY FELTON WITH 1 SECOND LEFT TO WIN ME MY BET. LOL./
looptyloop22::Crazy, crazy, I thought that was a loss for sure.. Good $@%! man.. awesome stuff.
looptyloop22::HELL YEAH MAN.  RUSH MADE THAT 3 and i said NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! and then they fouled with 1 second left down by 6 points. LMAO, AWESOME.
john rule::LOL I KNOW, i can't believe they fouled, that was PERFECT
john rule::LOL hell yeah!
ARandolphNeedsPT::Never bet Warrior games..unless you want a gaping a##hole
john rule::i parlayed portland 0 and second half OVER. that was a SICK 4th quarter for me
Miami Fan 1 3 6::I always like those half point spreads
score1 4me::but its so hard when you know you picked the right side and a mircale qrt comes 68 point 4th WTF?
score1 4me::no i got lucky today as well LOL.. took lakers 76ers and under boston game for 3 team parlay boston went ot and still went under LOL under 181
john rule::LOL damn that's pretty sick, congrats
score1 4me::yeah but a win is a win congrats! IM SO PISSED RIGHT NOW LOL
john rule::lol thanks man you'll get it back
score1 4me::i thought under was good to go
score1 4me::$@%!$@%!!!! GOOD JOB THOUGH
john rule::i got so lucky lol
moneymaxx619::HAHAHAH PORTLAND WON SECOND HALF!!! THANK U FOR THAT FOUL 1400 IN MY POCKET LETS FUKKIN GO!!!!!!!!!!1
looptyloop22::GOD DAMN 1400, you degenerate. LOL, I had 100 on it...
Miami Fan 1 3 6::wow.. high scoring game
Kobelies247::Tends to happen when you dont play D
score1 4me::WOW UNDER WAS SO EASY !! BUT THE PORTLAND WANTED 2 GO OVER
tsauenshuo::david lee idiot
swimmerboy72::Touchdown Touchdown i think im Jerry Rice SWAG
13redboy13::what a treat!!!!
kluivertsoc::2nd half over
Doc Emmett L Brown::Yellow
mrscrls03::blazers didnt win by eight idiot
WonTheDay::Yer they did son
YANKEES WIN THE WORLD SERIES THANKS KENTUCKY::nba games are fixed 90% of the time
CBass1317::So the refs caused him to intentional foul with 3 seconds left?  And caused Klay and Wes to hit mutliple 3s in the last minute?  Please...
YANKEES WIN THE WORLD SERIES THANKS KENTUCKY::no its the refs.... when do you ever see a ref call that with 1 second left
CBass1317::You think D Lee was in on it?  I doubt it ...
camjones56::$@%!$@%!!!
score1 4me::DAVID LEE YOU STUPID FUKKKKKKKK
Miami Fan 1 3 6::hahah  needed Portland to win by 8 and they did... line was =0.5 for 2nd half
Miami Fan 1 3 6::i took Portland in the 2nd half.... i am not a good half time bettor
looptyloop22::LOL, that's the same line that I bet. WE ARE WINNERS.. :)
PLJosh86::LMAO, GS made sure my .5 covered. I would be so pissed if I took the +.5 halftime bet. Anyone hear someone go 'YES' when that last free throw was made? Lol, I bet someone had bet it too
Sniperpix::Yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuup !  bingo !
khop311::68 point fourth quarter.. Ill take it lol
Miami Fan 1 3 6::wow... lots of points
kluivertsoc::yeah 3rd q had me a little worried
mrscrls03::yea went the over for the 2ndd half booooyah
Sniperpix::LOL  what a way to end the 2h and cover
score1 4me::THANK YOU DAVID LEE
