Psuedohoax::I don't understand - how is Al Jefferson not considered a top five center in this league? I consider him the best center the Jazz have ever had. Not that they've ever been known for their centers, but still...
NBA_refs_are_weak::nice game from big AL, ive known since his celtic days he would be a stud, he just has to figure out a way to be consistent and bring it every night. hes got the size and skillset to slaughter dudes every night, im hoping he develops into that
toshsghost::Ahhh Wizards.  Just like death and taxes, your conversation board holds the lowest thread count every night.
adamsbrian88::What's the point of spurs fan's trolling, and starting arguments about stuff that is long past, Duncan has been fantastic, Malone was just as great, everyone has pride in their teams, stop acting like kids.
NBA_refs_are_weak::trash talking is one thing, its when anonymous trolls take it to the next level and get overly personal with it and start just going overboard and trying to trash people like we're not all just human beings. whether talking about it, or the actual players, everyone involved is a human being so just look at everything in perspective. im a celtic fan and of course I hate the lakers but personally I have no problems with anyone on that roster, with the exception of matt barnes because I think hes a punk. but like at the end of the day kobe is just some dude that plays basketball he hasnt done anything to me, I think he carries himself very well, so Im not going to wish anything bad on him. just hope he misses his shots when he plays my team
ryensgin::cause sports trash talk can be fun.  can't take it too seriously
TAC0REV::Give all CJ's &amp; Howard's minutes to Burks!
ryensgin::Sorry Spursdc but what it boils down to is that Duncan is lucky he's 7 feet cause without height he's not half as good.  Lucky he was born later and drafted when the competition in the NBA was weaker compared to Malone's era.  If he would've been drafted in 85 like Malone would he have a Championship?  Doubt it.    Lucky He never had to play MJ or Hakeem and many more when they were in their prime.  Lucky to be drafted with Robinson so he could be called a PF for a while.  If Malone and Stockton had everything handed to them on a silver platter we would be talking about their Multiple Championships.
golfwang55::as a mavericks fan, i will admit that duncan is the best pf all time.
ryensgin::Go Jazz!!
ryensgin::I hope to see you on here.  Maybye I'll go over to your board so you'll actuallly have a reason to defend your team to us (unlike this time) after you lose.  peace
Spursdc::Go Spurs!
Spursdc::I'm about to go to sleep. I will remember you little nitwits when we play Utah. This is the Spurs year mark my words. later
ryensgin::Our season SWEEP of the great (not) Spurs was pretty enjoyable in 2009-0210!!!  Is that what why your on the Jazz board?
Spursdc::What the heck are you enjoying?
Spursdc::I'm really going to enjoy watching the Spurs sweep the season series against Utah
ghettoslider::im sure you will.. especially since your still enjoying the championships your team won 5 years ago
ghettoslider::what was that?? actually get to play w/ a dominant center on his team?? (robinson)
Spursdc::Duncan did in two years what Malone couldn't do in a lifetime
ryensgin::I would say they were better than the Pippen, Smith, Wallace Robinson Portland team that you credited the Spurs with
ryensgin::IDK Those were all the hottest teams in the nba each year. 97-98 the Jazz had the best record, 96-97 Malone was MVP, Barkley was MVP, etc.  They were the best teams each year out of the west.  Drexler??  He's a two time champion
ryensgin::I would say the greatest team of any in the last 12 years with the best shot against michael would be none.  But the greatest team since Jordan is probably Kobe, shaq and the lakers of 2000
Spursdc::O.k. Only respectable person on that list is magic. All those other players couldn't have expected to win. And wasn't Magic on the decline that year.
ryensgin::Jordan is the greatest ever and no one beat him in the finals ever.  Not 5 time champion Magic, Barkley and KJ, Drexler with Portland, Stockton and Malone etc.  Who knows what would've happened with Hakeem had Jordan stayed.  It would take a lot to convince anybody that the 99 Spurs team(especially on such a short season) or the 03 Spurs team would've been different.
Spursdc::Jordan, in my opinion, is the greatest player ever. With that said, professional basketball is a team sport. I like that 99" or 03 Spurs' team against the Bulls of the 90s. I think we could have gotten 1
ryensgin::Answer me this Spursdc.  Would Duncan have beat Micheal Jordan in a Final's series?  Your honest opinion
ghettoslider::everytime the spurs were in the finals they broke records for lowest tv ratings ever in the nba finals.. they are a boring team full of floppers, cry babys and euro docuhebags.. they are the most loathed boring team in the history of the league
ghettoslider::"thats cool".. yeah im pretty sure everyone appreciates winning.. but most people/fans have enough class not to be poor winners and rub it in peoples faces over and over.. (some people would call that trolling) especially things that happened 5+ years ago
Spursdc::Thats cool. I appreciate winning. I watched. I also want to remind you that we would have won another Title if Ginobili hadn't fouled Dirk at the end in game 7. We were Spanking the Lakers until they injured Derek Anderson one of the years they put us out. Lets not talk about D.fisher hitting a game winner with less than a second
ryensgin::tru dat
ryensgin::Malone.  much much more than a pick and pop.  Duncan was a better defender but is also 7'1.  If Malone was 7'1..... you know how scary the thought is.  Sure Duncan can feast on undersized forwards (never once on Karl though)  but when he went against center's his own size and position, not nearly as dominant.  for example Shaq
Spursdc::Portland was a great team then also
Spursdc::Really? L.A is said to have one of the Greatest teams ever with Kobe and Shaq and all the other stars they had and we swept them
ryensgin::Cause Malone and Stockton were in their 16+ years after mj. Rebuilt to where we met you in the Western Conference Finals.  Since then better than you have going to the semi's twice.  Now, after d-will and boozer and sloan back to .500 but the future is so bright.  The Spurs are so old same with Popovich.  He's time is almost up just like it eventually had to end for sloan
ghettoslider::dont you mean "the bruce bowen era"??
ghettoslider::"The Duncan era" ...Lol
ryensgin::??
Spursdc::So why don't they have any championships post Jordan. What have you Done in the Duncan era
Spursdc::Swept?
ryensgin::It's not as difficult when all you have to do is make it out of the west and not worry who you play in the finals just like ghettoslider so perfectly said
ryensgin::We also swept Kobe and Shaq, beat them 4-1 the year before but quess who was waiting for us in the Finals? We beat up on Duncan and Robinson pretty good too.  MJ
ghettoslider::competing against one of the greatest teams ever (2 times) in the finals (chicago) is more of an accomplishment than winning championships against teams like new jersy and cleveland
Spursdc::Malone is a cheater and dirtbag. Both him and Stockton. Those classless losers didn't deserve to win
ghettoslider::yeah and ginobili and bruce bowen are such classy guys
Spursdc::Utah would have had atleast one ring. Please stop compairing Malone to Duncan. Thats just silly. Duncan is one of the Greatest defenders to ever play the game. Malone is a pick and pop.
ryensgin::Honestly though, the Jazz are much better this year then you probably thought they would be right?  Come on everybody had them at the bottom of the league
Spursdc::There is no hate. I'm defending my team. This is sports, its fun to talk trash. When a team suck, they hear about it
ryensgin::Then why all the hate for Utah, Malone and Stockton when we have never one anything like you said and are irrelevant cause of it?  Once again you must live in Utah which is about as bad as a bandwagon to go against your hometown team for bigger market teams with more national respect
ghettoslider::so true (the part about band wagon and he cant lose an arguement)
ghettoslider::yeah its all about malone and has nothing to do with the fact the jazz are a small market team in white bread mormon utah
Spursdc::Earlier I said David Robinson was my favorite player. And this was when Jordan was around. No bandwagon here
ryensgin::You must live in Utah if your gonna start dissing arena's and be a $@%!$@ bag band waggoner who has to like a team with championships so he can feel comfortable bragging about it when he talks sports and can never know bitter defeat.  That way you can't lose an arguement in your mind
ryensgin::?? Hornacek came over after being an all-star in pheonix and loved it enough that he's our assitant coach.  Who did Duncan bring in?  nobody.  Parker was a draft pick, dirtbag ginobli a draft pick, etc.
Spursdc::Im saying Malone was a dirtbag and no one wanted to play with him. By having Duncan on that team other players would have been happy to play with Duncan in your crappy arena
ryensgin::so your saying Duncan would've dethroned MJ when nobody else could?  Or Olijuwan?
ryensgin::you still won't answer my question.  What if Duncan had been drafted to Utah instead and in 1985?  Tell me he would've been better than Malone, please.
ryensgin::And that was a response to my original comment that you pasted in yours about how Duncan would've faired had he been drafted to Utah which was the emphasis not that Duncan always need Robinson which is how you took it
Spursdc::Two alltime 50 greatest players on one team and couldn't get it done. SMH
ghettoslider::"i dont hate" he says... why are you on this chat board again??
ryensgin::sure seems like it when your own a Jazz board at 11:30 talking smack on the Jazz.  Especially when the Spurs didn't even play tonight and they have their own board
Spursdc::I don't hate
ryensgin::It seems you hate the Jazz more than you like the Spurs.  If you didn't you wouldn't feel any need to prove something to us cause after all you have the championships and we don't.  You must live in Utah or must live by Jazz fans or something
Spursdc::if you asked me how many rings Malone has without Stockton. I would have said as many as he has with him
Spursdc::If you see my original comment, I said Duncan has multiple rings without Robinson.
ryensgin::And the Argument I was making was Duncan would not have made it in the NBA's smallest market like Malone did.  Not that Duncan had to have Robinson to win but your too @#$5 stupid to realize that
ghettoslider::i agree w/ ryen.. spursdb is a troll and knows nothing about his own team
Spursdc::I was caught off guard by your basketball ignorance
ryensgin::LOL ghettoslider
ghettoslider::i have a feeling you get 'caught off gaurd' alot
ryensgin::well you sure have shown that basketball ignorance doesn't at all apply to you! LOL.
ryensgin::Who's the idiot when you a stupid spurs fan has to get his information on his own team from a Jazz fan, cause you didn't even know at first. What it boils down to is you know i'm right and Duncan doesn't even belong in the same conversation as Malone.
Spursdc::Robinson has two rings. What it boils down to is that you are an idiot and the Jazz lose no matter what era it is.
Spursdc::How would Duncan have faired if he would've been drafted to Utah instead of San Antonio and with out another star big man? Would he have done nearly as well as Malone did with the smallest market team in the NBA? not even close. I bet he would've bailed asap --------------------------------------------------- He has won muliple championships without Robinson. If you knew anything about basketball, you wouldn't have made that comment
Spursdc::.
ryensgin::Duncan only had to deal with the lakers who were on and off in the playoffs.  Also maybe Steve Nash for a year or two,  The Jazz had to deal with magic and the Lakers at first.  Then go through barkley and the suns when they caught fire.  Robinson when he was great as a young guy.  Hakeem and Drexler when Houston were the champs.  Payton and Kemp in Seattle when they caught fire, drexler's team on Portland.  Then to top it off you have MJ waiting for you in the finals.  Could Duncan's Spurs be as dominant facing that competition?   We'll never know
Spursdc::I only remember two
ryensgin::Robinson has 2.  He retired in 2003 after beating the nets in the finals so he wasn't a part of the 2005 team.  I was wrong.  I would say he was never the top guy cause of the injuries.  They did have Parker though to do large part of the scoring against the Pistons
Spursdc::.
ryensgin::Robinson 3.  Duncan 4
Spursdc::Smh. So tell me, how many rings does Robinson have and how many does Duncan have
ryensgin::Yeah but that was in a bigger market like San Antonio.  Could he have done that in Utah??  No.  And if you knew at all what you were talking about, you would know that the Spurs only won A. ONE.  A Single championship when Robinson wasn't on the Roster and that was Cleveland buddy.
StocktonToMalone 2::Burks 6-7 and 1-1 from 3. Jeremy Lin can't touch Burks.
bradkarl22::Eastern 1. Bulls 51-15 2. Heat 48-18 3. Magic 43-23 4. 76ers 42-24 5. Hawks 40-26 6. Pacers 38-28 7. Celtics 36-30 8. Knicks 35-31 Western 1. Thunder 48-18 2. Clippers 46-20 3. Spurs 45-21 4. Mavericks 44-22 5. Lakers 41-25 6. Rockets 39-27 7. Grizzles 38-28 8. Blazers 37-29
ofaixa::Nuggets are gonna make it. The NW will have 3 teams in the playoffs. Grizzlies won't make it. Blazers might not.
Madhouse_United::Spurs should probably be 2nd. Mavs 3rd IMO in the west. Magic too high in the East.
Spursdc::Clippers are fools gold
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Tim Tebow, Chuck Norris, Jeremy Lin, and Alec Burks walk into a bar. Everyone then throws down their glasses and shouts out "Oh shit it's Alec Burks!"
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Alec Burks will lead our nation to greatness!
kosherkid-ute::He's so fearless, how can you not love the guy when all he does is drive to the paint like a young D Wade. KEEP IT UP YOUNG FELLA
kosherkid-ute::I dunno after each game I am getting cooler and cooler on Kanter and hotter and hotter on Burks. Part of it I understand is that big men have a much tougher time translating in the NBA but wow Burks just looks awesome each night and Kanter looks like a bumbling awkward mega-freak. I love Kanter but he needs to show me a lot more skill on both ends before I go crazy like a Turkish guy over him.
EMCanada::Actually the more I watch Kanter, the more impressed I am. When I look at his play I really think that he's a starting Center in this league within two years if he can evolve in this system. He won't be our primary offensive option by any means but if he gets that basketball knowledge under his belt I think he can match up with any Center in the league on a nightly basis, in the long term.
TAC0REV::Kanter has a lot going for him, he just needs experience and time to develop. He's only 19
ghettoslider::yeah he def can rebound
scow79::He is 8th in the league in rebounding rate.   You have to give the guy some credit for that.
ghettoslider::i totally agree.. during the draft all the analyst were talking about kanter like he was the next sabonis or something.. but he looks way uncoordinated to me, and not really that strong or aggressive.. favors and burks look way better right now.. im just hoping its b/c he so young 19-20??
kosherkid-ute::That's what I'm saying to myself: Young Centers take a lot longer to develop. Even Dwight Howard or Shaq (who Kanter is not close to) had growing pains.... but yes Kanter just looks big he doesn't look skilled like a Pau Gasol.
scow79::I think the Spurs version of Amazing Chef left
ryensgin::still not even close to facing MJ
kosherkid-ute::Wow between Ryen and Ghettoslider spurs got logically OWNED.
ryensgin::actually they have....
ryensgin::read my whole comment before commenting back.  I said that already.  Thanks for agreeing with me that the Nets championship was a joke lmfao
Spursdc::Your team has never won anything. You are in no position to talley credits. lmfao
Spursdc::What about all the Teams we beat to win that Nets Championship. We swept the Lakers
ryensgin::Would Duncan have beat MJ in the Finals?? No.  The Spurs first ring was during a short joke of a season against the pitiful east who let the 8 seeded knicks go to the finals.  The Championship against the Nets was when the east was a joke again.  They won the championship when they beat the Lakers in the playoffs.  The Championship against Cleveland came again when the east was pretty weak.    I can only give them credit when the beat the pistons, who were pretty good that year and a former champioship team
scow79::Good one!   lol
Spursdc::The Spurs own four championship rings.
scow79::Unfortunately Spurs doesn't deal in logical statements, so he will never comprehend that he did indeed get owned
ryensgin::Don't worry the Jazz will get their championship before the spurs win another
ryensgin::If Duncan is your center, then why do you call him the greatest power forward to ever play the game?  You can't be called a Power Forward if you only play the position when Robinson's around
ryensgin::so he's not really a PF then right??  Cause he was only bumped down to that spot when Robinson was playing and when he was healthy
Spursdc::He is our center now. He hasn't always played center.
ryensgin::O sorry, Malone is 2-0 against Duncan in the playoffs when he beat them with the Lakers, my bad
ryensgin::when did Duncan own Malone?  When Malone and the Jazz won their only head to head playoff matchup 4-1????????  Duncan started his career when Malone was finishing dumb @$#%
ryensgin::2 time MVP
ryensgin::thanks you too gehttoslider
Spursdc::Teams tried to use their  Centers to guard Duncan and he abused them just as he abused the PF
Spursdc::Ewing is garbage
scow79::If Duncan was ranked among Centers he'd be somewhere below Patrick Ewing.   I would put Ewing above Duncan, bc Ewing actually had to play in the Jordan era.   Couldn't take advantage of weaker competition like Duncan.
Spursdc::David Robinson was my favorite player long before Duncan. Hakeem is the Greatest big man over the last 2 decades. Duncan is a winner
ryensgin::How would Duncan have faired if he would've been drafted to Utah instead of San Antonio and with out another star big man?  Would he have done nearly as well as Malone did with the smallest market team in the NBA?  not even close.  I bet he would've bailed asap
Spursdc::Malone doesn't own a title of any kind
ryensgin::The reason you call him the greatest power forward is because you know how stacked the center position is with Shaq, Kareem, Chamberlin, Hakeem the Dream, David Robinson.  They all won championship's so it hurts your arguement for Duncan.  A lot of the greatest power forwards never won one like Malone and Barkley so it's an easier arguement for Duncan
Spursdc::They are both winners
ghettoslider::Lol.. great point ryensgin
ghettoslider::duncan owns the title as the best center that can only play PF and garnetts more of a center than a pf too..
ryensgin::O I thought Duncan was your center like you just said...?
scow79::What does this so-called title look like?   I've never seen it before, nor has anyone else, so I was just wondering if you made it yourself or what?
Spursdc::Duncan owns the Title of best PF in the history of the NBA. Malone is somewhere after Garnett
ghettoslider::quit liking your own comments (spursdb)
scow79::You should get used to that feeling, bc the future is looking none too bright for the Spurs friendo
ghettoslider::best team in the nba.. tell that to miami, okc etc..
ghettoslider::yeah tell that to the spurs GM
scow79::Is this Amazing Chef?
Spursdc::This is the NBA. Only fools put stock in future events. Presently, we are the best team in the NBA
ghettoslider::yep i agree.. spurs are gonna suck for years.. ask memphis
Spursdc::I like how each year the Jazz don't have a snowballs chance in hell of winning a championship
Spursdc::Duncan is our center dip $@%!
kosherkid-ute::And also your comparing young duncan to old karl. That's like saying Malone's career was invalidated because he played mediocre on the Lakers.
kosherkid-ute::Except he continues to be a PF because he is AFRAID of being owned. As soon as Robinson retired (only like one or two years) he should've been a C. But Duncan was afraid of being exposed so he chose to stay a PF.
Spursdc::Duncan owned Karl malone
Spursdc::That was back when we had Robinson. Check the facts
kosherkid-ute::DUNCAN IS OUR CENTER OMG. Do you hear what we are saying? We are saying he is such a d-bag and puss that he couldn't handle being a center (even though that's what he truly is) because he isn't tough enough. He has to have that size advantage being a PF or Duncan would be NOTHING.  Malone never needed a height advantage he just needed to be more beastly than the guy in front of him... which he was. :D (Except for Pippen, really owned my boy Karl)
ghettoslider::yeah i love how duncan is a 7ft "PF" and their "center" (blair) is like 6'7.. duncan is too much of a $@%!$ to play center
kosherkid-ute::Yeah Duncan can't handle true big men or he'd be exposed for the bank-shot fraud he is.  If it werent for the backboard Duncan would have 10 points in his career.
Spursdc::haters gonna hate. Losers gonna lose
ghettoslider::great point
kosherkid-ute::Losers? Your on a Jazz forum at night when your not even a Jazz fan.
ghettoslider::i hate the spurs so bad
kosherkid-ute::Why would you? Except for the fact that they call themselves small market (they aren't, there are millions of people in the San Antonio area), Duncan calls himself a PF even though he's a C, and they get more love from the refs than any team but the Lakers.
ghettoslider::is AK ever gonna play in the nba again?? its too bad we lost him even though he was over paid i still thought he was a great player
ghettoslider::great passer too..
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::couldn't shoot worth crap though...made Cj look like he had an amazing shot. Incredible finisher and defensive player. lots of turnovers and bad shots made me wanna pull my hair out
kosherkid-ute::True, he was a great player who had skills that were tough to quantify.
kosherkid-ute::I dunno after getting paid 17m for rehabbing and playing World of Warcraft would you want to come back to a normal NBA life? Probably way too much work for AK, though I loved him too he was truly a unique defensive stud.
kosherkid-ute::Malone &gt; Duncan.
Spursdc::I searched to see what years the Jazz won a NBA championship. The search result was 0
scow79::Stating opinions is fun...
scow79::Sloan &gt; Pop
scow79::And yet Sloan &gt; Pop.   So you do the math
Spursdc::Sloan is the most celebrated loser of all time. He has never won. Fact
ghettoslider::what has utah done?? ask deron williams.. we were on the verge of making some deep playoff runs until he single handedly set the franchise back 5 years (boozer leaving didnt help either)
scow79::Malone &gt; Duncan
Spursdc::Pop &gt; Sloan
scow79::Even in San Antonio
StocktonToMalone 2::Malone &gt; Duncan
Spursdc::Not even in Utah
ghettoslider::god i really wish duncan wouldve played in the jordan era
Spursdc::The Jordan era is over a decade ago. what has Utah done since then
ghettoslider::even though al jefferson isnt the greatest defensive player i think he is way too valuable to our under powered offense to trade him.. its fun watching him in the post (so smooth/unorthodox).. we really need some shooters to stop teams from going zone against us
ghettoslider::i think tinsley is just as good if not better than devin harris.. it just looks like devin harris just does not try at all on defense.. even if he's quicker than tinsley, he's just not a winner (harris that is)
nasty22222::FADE THE BOOKIE IS 40 PERCENT THE LAST 6 DAYS.  HIS CLIENTS ARE EMAILING EACH OTHER AND WONDERING WHAT IS GOING ON&gt;  HE INCREASED HIS PHILLY PLAY TO A 5 STAR PLAY AND TOOK A BATH.  HE HAD 3 PLAYS FOR HIS PRIVATE CLIENTS AND WENT 1 -2  HERE ARE HIS PLAYS TONITE    NCAA   7pm  Take Columbia +6      5*   7pm   Take Pennsylvania -6   3*     NBA   8pm   Take Philly -3    4*     8pm   Take Okc -10   3*
ghettoslider::kanter isnt near the player i thought he was gonna be.. he looks pretty uncoordinated to me and seems rather timid on both ends of the court.. i just have to keep reminding myself of how young he is.. but i expect alot out of him considering he was such a high draft pick.. on the other hand burks is looking like our solution at sg.. he just needs a little more experience but he has looked real athletic and aggressive and has a decent outside jumper (better than i thought).. it seems like the jazz 2nd round pick ends up being a better player than our 1st round pick (most of the time anyways)
ghettoslider::good point i forgot that burks was our 2nd 1st round pick last year
dexter4oz::they were both lottery picks
Babniki::Hopefully Burks just earned more playing time tonight.
joespreads::did u see how he let him walk in for the push -2 second half LOL this league is fixed
NateDiaz209::Burks &gt; Lin
Spursdc::2 sub par basketball teams
Spursdc::Sloan, was an under performing loser. He coached all those years without a ring. He should have been fired a decade ago.
ghettoslider::ginobli is a floppy little "------" and duncan is such a  whiny litlle "------"
ghettoslider::yeah par for the jazz is .500.. since weve had so many .500 seasons the last 2 decades
Spursdc::Depends on how you define Par. Par for the Spurs is making the playoffs. Judging by the comment likes, par for Jazz fans is .500. That is pathetic
StocktonToMalone 2::Par for the Spurs is going out in the first round against an 8th seed. That's pathetic.
StocktonToMalone 2::Spurs will go out in the first round again ...fyi
StocktonToMalone 2::You team is old and done. Get over it.
Spursdc::Our best player played with a broken arm and Memphis barely beat us
Spursdc::Done? Hottest team in the NBA.
StocktonToMalone 2::It's not a comeback, it's true. Spurs are done.
Spursdc::Weak come back
Babniki::Jazz are now 1 game over par...fyi
cracker-jack-stay away all who black::Prisons are full of you mormons
Babniki::yup, just like other people from other religions, there are always a handful of people that can make a whole group look bad.  Example:the taliban are less than 1% of Muslims yet so many people hate Muslims for what they do.
IBeatLebronIn1v1OnADailyBasis::i wish i could like this one more than once
IBeatLebronIn1v1OnADailyBasis::Now now let's not be bringing religion into this.
StocktonToMalone 2::Evans Sighting!!
fanofsports24::please Kevin O'Connor please please please trade CJ Miles
dlhouse18::We Wolves fans apologize for Amazing Chef. We don't speak for him and can't control this guy.
dlhouse18::All I ask is you don't troll our boards back.
dlhouse18::thx bro. Amazing Chef is somewhere between ages 8-12.
mikeisildur::Nah, Jazz fans have lives, wives, girlfriends, jobs, etc.
StocktonToMalone 2::Timberwolves suck, Minnesota sucks, Kevin Love has inflated numbers on a bad team. Now I know why The Amazing Chef always need to let out his anger.
The Amazing Chef MN4::Milsap's birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory
Babniki::you post more on this board than you actually do on the Wolves board.   I am glad you get your giddies from us, but its time for you to go back to your wolves board.
fanofsports24::your mom is an apology from the condom factory
StocktonToMalone 2::You can't even spell Millsap right.
mikeisildur::Don't make fun of him I think he has a genetic disorder
maxsexhammer::Holy turnovers, Lin-man!
StocktonToMalone 2::Everytime I see Burks play he reminds me of Jamal Crawford.
The Amazing Chef MN4::Paul Millsap must have been born on a highway, cause that's where most accidents happen
StocktonToMalone 2::Shut up little kid
StocktonToMalone 2::.
The Amazing Chef MN4::YOU SHUT UP LOSER
Babniki::that makes no sense.
mikeisildur::Millsap &gt; Love
fanofsports24::I would like to see burks start instead of raja
fanofsports24::get CJ out if you want to keep a lead
fanofsports24::The big boys are coming back in
ghettoslider::jazz always ease up once they get a big lead
mikeisildur::Yeah right, here comes Big Al
ghettoslider::i guarantee this will be a close game before its over
JazzOLwin::fail
Jayce_Hanson804332::Washington Wizards vs. Utah Jazz   a site with info:   http://bit.ly/yFcmKj
fanofsports24::any chance we can trade cj miles before the deadline?
Babniki::doubt it, unless someone is chasing him.
The Amazing Chef MN4::WOLVES WON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YESSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! JAZZ SUCK!
ghettoslider::i think minnesota should go w/ a line up of:  pg: ricky rubio sg: wes johnson sf: derrick williams pf: michael beasley c: kevin love  6th man/bench: luke ridinour, nikola pekovic, anthony randolf, jj barea  i know love and beasley may be just a little undersized for those positions but i think having big wing players (williams and johnson) would make up for it.. i think this is by far their best line up and i think they could win alot more games than they have been.. theyve got way..WAAAYY too much talent to be a sub .500 team.. they need a new coach.. beasley and williams need alot more playing time
The Amazing Chef MN4::We won...
sjmcb160::Which team has had more high draft picks than any other and still sucks? Minnesota.
StocktonToMalone 2::And it's past your bedtime little kid.
StocktonToMalone 2::Wolves suck.
alinsanity::I was really sad about Knicks losing, but I tuned back to the Washington game. Now i'm laughing.
StocktonToMalone 2::Burks with the SLAM!
sjmcb160::First game I ever saw in person was against the Bullets at the Salt Palace. Not sure of the year, but Malone had a full head of hair.
Babniki::POCKET GREMLIN, i DIDN'T LET YOU OUT!
The Amazing Chef MN4::shut up
Babniki::so it definitely wasn't in the 90s?
NateDiaz209::Burks&gt;Lin
The Amazing Chef MN4::Burks sucks
StocktonToMalone 2::We need to free Burks!! He is like our Jeremy Lin.
b etnies::funny
woodyattjon::The days of my youth-winning teams were the Washington Bullets(now Wizards) and Baltimore Orioles in MajorLeague Baseball....Sadly, those days are gone as seemingly are winning ways of these franchises...Washington Redskins not that far behind as well.
Allen4875::more points in 3 quarters then most teams now score in a night.   Wizards...   please trade wall so he can at least play somewhere good
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Wall= overrated
StocktonToMalone 2::Burks with the three!
scow79::Hopefully he keeps hitting those.   Jazz desperately need another 3 pt. shooter
mikeisildur::100 points through 3 quarters.
sjmcb160::Bolerjunk, you have been muted.
mikeisildur::Does he think he is on the radio?  Do I need to know that every single shot is "off the glass?"
scow79::You don't do that to the co-captain of the team
