Dustin Lepp::put in henson! sanders is garbage
Ace Spades::Bucks are in full blown tank mode
Colin Ziolkowski::How many minutes does Kris Middleton need to prove to Larry Drew that he's a middle of the road pro? It's time to trade Illyasova and Neal for a late 2014 First Round pick or really good young talent! Both those players are too good to get crap back! And after Larry Drew is done leading this unlucky but talented young team to their worst record in 20 years, I hope the Front Office finally gets a good Coach without getting rid of him right away like they did Terry Stotts! With the kind of talent that will be on the floor at the Cousins Center come September, the Bucks need a really good Head Coach that can teach these kids how to win while still knowing who should be in the Rotation! This guy is Almost as bad as Jim Boylan! Well...Maybe not that bad! But Bad Enough! Keep losing boys, and bring Bucks fans their second Super Star in as many years! GO BUCKS 2014!!!
Andy P Kordyban::I honestly can't remember the last time the Raptors just played a bad game. They are playing some really good ball.
Bethaney Coultier::and of course, they choose to be a good team in a year with a high end top 5 in the draft. The way Toronto team always do it
Xavier Harkness::Bethaney Coultier Top 5? eh. Top 3 yes.
Simonas Matulionis::Xavier Harkness Marcus smart is no joke, aaron gordon can help any team get better, and Embid will be a beast. Dont sleep on Exum either. There are 7 guys to go after in this draft
Billy McBride::Lmao at all the raptor fans who wanted to draft Brandon knight!  Also, Amir needs to stop shooting 3's.
Ryan McGonigle::I know Henson is coming off an injury, but Coach Drew's usage of him, or lack thereof, irks the hell out of me...  This guy is a like a baby Pau Gasol, with defense.. Is Coach Drew an idiot?
Kevin Potas::It seems to me you were playing better basketball with Wolters at the point position.  As of late you are hardly playing the kid.  Knight is overrated and certainly overpaid and Ridenaur brings nothing and gets $3 mill a year…Give Wolters the time so he can at least move on with a job in hand…best bargain at $500k and you let him sit on the bench
Josh Parsons::The Raptors need to build a winning culture and have to capitalize on a lousy East that no one had predicted. Let someone else draft and develop Wiggins. If the winning program is here, he'd come. (IMO)
Xavier Harkness::I would like to see the Bucks draft Wiggins and play him at SG. Him and Antetokounmpo on the wings would be good offensively and defensively eventually.
Bethaney Coultier::I fear for Wiggins or Parker, having to be drafted by this horrible basketball wasteland in Milwaukee
Daren P. Hill::It'll be fine once there's a new owner, new GM, a promise to stay in MKE and brand new privately funded arena. Which, will all be complete just in time for Wiggins to hit Free Agency.
Justin Nixon::wasteland in what way moron?
Daren P. Hill::That's an insult.  To wastelands.
Las Vegas IM::The total has gone OVER in 5 of Toronto’s last 5 games when playing at home against Milwaukee
Kyle Donlan::How is the first to 20 points odds so low for the Raptors?  This wreaks of an upset
Eric Wagman::Because while the Raps have been awesome since the Gay trade, most of their dominance has been in the 2nd half. 3rd and 4th quarters. Usually games are close going to half time. The Bucks aren't winning this game though.
William Hagness::Why would you want them to do anything but tank, it is silly to win!
Paul Marshall::We moved into the #3 seed tonight. Impressive!
Aaron Smith::Let's go Raptors! 3rd in the east, babay!!! #RTZ
Jodie Kremble::Nothing will help the sucks. I mean bucks
Don H Ashfield::My "Lock" of the night paid off !!!!
Joel Bastareche::bucks is +11.5 but raptors will win by 20
Matt Rausch::First team to 30 loses wins! lol
Matt Rausch::*losses
Kyle Miller::First team to 30 losses baby!
Ugur Altpk::How many weeks left of NBA action ??
Joel Bastareche::5 weeks,almost 40 games remaining
Carter Waller::go waptohs!!
Hussam Tehaili::Raptors by 20!
Joel Bastareche::that is true...
Kelvin Maranan::First!!
Dimitris Mastrolias::ok the Raptors it very goog team but the buks they have giannis the greek talent
