James::Johnson, Henry and Young were good pick ups in the off season. Hill has to start at the power forward to make Gasol effective. Managing the minutes of this rotation and establishing go to rotations in critical times and understanding who's hot and who's not game to game will be critical also. Kobe will make this team better and ease the pressure on this team. They can not over play Kobe and Nash to allow them to be fresh and game ready. Kamin and Hill are key pieces in the sucess also. There is a cluster on this team and a trade will be made. This trade will be critical on the Lakers rise this year. There are alot of key players out of position in the NBA team wise. If there was one mistake that the Lakers front office made was not getting something for Howard. I think that reaps of Jim Buss. Assik, Parson and or Beverly would have been great trade pieces in the re structuring process. This is a good team to build around aa healthy older Kobe. Gasol will have to get tough or be traded to make this team a contender. This trade if necessary will have to be a three to four team trade with a Power house and a weak team where they can pick up a draft pick and a journey big.
Blondie::Even point distribution - Check Average Point Differential +/-:  (+8) - Check Rebounds - Check FGs - Check Former 1st round picks showing potential - Check Bench scoring 56 points - Check Playing as a team - Check Coaching - Check Lakers win - Checkmate
Blondie::I told you guys that the Lakers have the talent pool already in place with Xavier Henry, Nick Young, Wesley Johnson, Shawne Williams, Jordan Hill, and Jordan Farmar, but you guys and the haters complain about them as being has-beens.  If these former 1st round picks can play up to their potential in jelling as a team like this game in every game they play from now on, they will a juggernaut to contend with.
Larry::@Lakers fans- I root against your team, but I don;t hate them and I respect their great players going back to Baylor and West- both of whom I saw play in MSG when I was a kid. I made a suggestion about asking the 76ers about Evan Turner- he can really help your team. BUT AS LONG AS THAT LOSER HOMEY TROLLS YOUR BOARD YOU MIGHT DO WELL ANYWAY!!!!
dan::wow the lakers second team are shooting and depending well.  this is an experiment of having 1st and 2nd team since they offensive flow is basically run and gun with lots of 3 points shot.   DAntoni is an offensive genius.
Naturally Tanned Man::I'm taking predictions now. Kobe's season debut will be 9-28 or 11-31 or 6-24?
Larry::@BG; STANFORD WINS!!! HEY THEY ARE 2-0 V OREGON SINCE LUCK GRADUATED! Oregon was thoroughly dominated on both lines of scirmmage- final score was deceiving- Oregon scored their points in garbage time and one TD was on a fluke play. As i thought would happen, Gaffney ran the ball down their throat and Stanford had the ball for, like, 42 minutes. Hard to score without the ball. Oregon=NIKE and   I hate Nike and that idiot who runs it.
PKM::Anthony Davis needs to dominate this game.
Larry::Suggertion for the Lakers- since your  team sux and even Kobe can, at best, with these players get you to 40 wins. here is a player who would help you a lot. Inquire about him- you have loads of money- give the other team ANYTHING THEY WANT AND PAY HIM MAX- YOUR TEAM WILL BE BETTER FOR IT. PLAYER IS EVAN TURNER- PHILADELPHIA 76ERS.
Homey D Clown::The Lakers MIGHT win 35 games this year, and even that's Herculean. Welcome to rebuilding. Flaker fans. It jarring, I know, when you have become fat, complacent, arrogant, and entitled.
