Steven75316::On a really good playoff team, Kevin Love would not be the #1 offensive option. The T-Wolves are not one of those teams.  5 teams or less, would not be willing to trade their power forward for Kevin Love. As for the Hawks, they are primed to lose in the second round as usual.
ashahidi80::The Wolves did get screwed on that last call, but they were up 18 late in the 3rd. There is no blaming the refs on giving up a lead that big. On the bright side, Wolves are missing a couple key pieces. Beasley, as much as some of you like to hate, he has played MUCH better defense this year and rebounded very well. He still takes a lot of dumb shots, but he is probably one of the few guys on the squad who can create his own shot. Barea has been great at penetrating and getting a bucket when we need one, which really could have been useful during that run. Webster is probably our best 2-guard and will hopefully get rid of Johnson from the start line-up. Malcolm Lee looked really good in preseason and TC and the coaches all seemed impressed by him. Not a great chance he'll have an impact, but there is potential there for the future. Not making excuses, but in a month, hoping everyone gets healthy, the team will be much improved and losses like this (beating a dead horse) teach a young team what NOT to do.
Toomersforever::Way to go HAWKS!!!
FingerRoleJoeTM::I think Jeff Teague is one of the most under rated players in the NBA
Giggityiggity::Love's a good player, and I know a lot of his field goal attempts are put-backs, but 30 pts on 26 shots with 6/6 FT's made?  I think he needs to stop playing for a max contract, IMO.
DaBu73::Love scored 30 points for the 12th time in his career and finished with a double-double for an NBA-leading 12th time, but the stoic Ivan Johnson didn't seem too impressed.  "My thing is don't really watch basketball so I don't know who anybody is," he said. "I know the main ones, like Kobe (Bryant), (Dwyane Wade) and LeBron (James). Even if I did (know Love), I wouldn't be afraid. We're playing basketball."  Sounds like a true professional... I'm sure Larry Drew likes the fact he doesn't pay attention to scouting reports... what a fool.
iDash4::Love needs to call the Whambulance!
CandySparker::Let's go, Folks!
frnorth::Looks like the NBA is protecting that unprotected T Wolves pick when they allow the bogusity that went on in that game to happen.   Officials also wiped off two points by Rubio plus the continuation for an And 1 earlier in the game. Gratz on the charity Atlanta.
kevshootit::hmmmm thats a GREAT point..i keep wondering why Minnesota keeps blowing ALL of these leads and can't seem to pull out wins in the end... after the chris paul situation, I wouldn't put anything past the league...  New Orleans loses a ton = gets a lottery pick Minnesota loses a ton = New Orleans gets ANOTHER high lottery pick  how much more valuable would that team be the potential investors with two incoming high picks and Eric Gordon  does MONEY drives professional sports ????
Giggityiggity::MONEY drives the world; don't be silly.
kshawn678::.
ksesch313::damnit i love rubio.  i seem to tune into every wolves game because of him.  the wolves need to cut everyone except for love and ricky.  everyone else on the team seems to be a poopdick.  williams sucks, wes sucks, beasly sucks.  how can so many young players with so much upside suck so bad?
jack butler505::what an idiotic statement
ATLien4ever::cut williams and kevin love? ill take both
itsaboutteam::Beasley is the suckiest good player ever.  He just doesn't have the right demeanor yet.
EmergingInThought::http://www.whatthehellbook.com/2012/01/05/fired-for-not-believing-in-hell/
Toomersforever::another good win for the birds! GO HAWKS!!!!
kenbomc::Not bad- NBA fact check: Ricky Rubio is the first Timberwolves player with at least 10 points and five assists in seven straight games since Kevin Garnett did it in 11 consecutive games spanning the 2004-05 and 2005-06 seasons.... Ricky Rubio is the second Timberwolves player in franchise history with at least 18 points, 12 assists, five steals and four rebounds in a game. Terrell Brandon did it three times, most recently in Feb. 2001, when he had 19 points, 13 assists, six steals and four rebounds in a loss at the Suns.  -twolves are coming.
ATLien4ever::thats a horrible stretch with no player averaging 10 and 5 LMAO
PoRtEr_24::We are close
J-SMOOVE2017::GO HAWKS!!!
J-SMOOVE2017::Ivan Johnson fits a good role with this team.  Come in defend, rebound, and get a few points here and there.  Every team needs a guy like Ivan Johnson.  Hawks finally have a bada$$ on the team.  I still want the Hawks management to sign a big like Przybilla or Sheed to help our depth after losing Horford.
SDFifa2010::Wesley Johnson with another stellar offensive performance.  Can we not just cut this guy ?
SDFifa2010::53-42 lead .... thnx for blowing another one Minny FFS
jack butler505::Just one of these times I'd like to see a Wolves shot at the buzzer go in
jack butler505::When is B-Easy coming back? We can't have Love going 12-for-26 every game
JamalMAllen::As good as Love has played this season I still don't believe he's a number one scoring option on a good team. Neither is Beasly, of course. Love is terrific and the Wolves may have to give him a max deal to keep him, but I don't think he will carry you far as the focal point of an offense. Good for the Wolves you can always find scorers, and Williams may even develop to be the answer.
kenbomc::Since Atlanta couldn't possibly be a good team according to you...I wonder what the cut-off is for a 'good team'. it's not that we haven't heard this before; including that 'Rubio will never be a great player' bs.
rolltide_54::who CARES about all this randomness. The fact is that Atlanta is getting wins w/o Al Horford. Hawks teams from years past would've shut it down in this situaiton. They are really starting to believe they can win in this league with the players they have.
kenbomc::That guy was on my fantasy team -injuries suck.
tarumpaw::jeff teague is good. you had mike bibby a couple of years ago.
JamalMAllen::They're winning the games they're supposed to, which is important. Just not convincing that they're ready to take the next step, to be a contender to win the conference. Not really any win this year against a good opponent besides Miami, which was kind of negated and looks a little flukey after they lost to the Heat at home when Miami was w/o James and Wade.
Atl-fan-win-or-lose::They also beat the Bulls and the game they lost to them was only by 2.
mcase94::DARREN SHARPER one of the most hard hittin safeties in da leeeeeeeeague
mcase94::its from a youtube video... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sg6QxvU5BxE&amp;feature=related
kenbomc::No way. He was never a hard hitter.
mcase94::fucck you gumby
JamalMAllen::Wrong board
JulioJonesBrother::Saints sure could've used him today.
kenbomc::I like Wesley....but this season he reminds me of Corey Brewer. :-(
Munger88::Ivan Johnson claimed he didn't even know who Kevin Love is, because he doesn't watch much basketball. I find that hard to believe...... if you are in the NBA, you should know the names of nearly every player, especially ones who are All-Stars.
JulioJonesBrother::And I know Love's a phenomenal player, but just saying, Minnesota isn't a large market and not enough people know about Love as it is anyways.
31beef34::because the freakin asians voted in yao. obviously he couldn't play, so love was the replacement. on a side note, "grow up"? i don't see what merited that?
kenbomc::THe Johnson guy obviously was bullshttttting.
JamalMAllen::I think anyone who follows basketball to nearly any capacity period should know Love. He may be underrated, underappreciated, but that doesn't mean people don't know him. Just bcuz he hardly made the All-Star team doesn't mean he isn't well-known, just not thought of as an All-Star level player by everyone. Johnson and any other pro player, whether in the D-League or NBA, should know who Kevin Love is.
kenbomc::I understand...but Love was still only in his 2nd year at the time -that happens to a lot of players trying to break into the all-star game.
JulioJonesBrother::Example, to the idiot of JamalMAllen: Last year Love should've been an automatic All-Star, but didn't make it or made it cause someone backed out if I'm correct. Point: Not enough people know about Love. I'm actually giving you a compliment. Johnson is a rookie and was in the D-League. I don't see why you're crying over it, trying to get Ivan to admit he "knows who Love is." Grow up.
JamalMAllen::I think a professional basketball player should know who Kevin Love is. That's pathetic that Johnson would say that. Can't believe you're trying to rationalize it.
kenbomc::Yeah..people who don't follow BB.
JulioJonesBrother::Ivan was in the D-league last year. Not a big deal if he was quoted saying that...
JamalMAllen::Don't even know why he would say that, just makes him look stupid.
kenbomc::Who's Ivan Johnson??
kenbomc::i missed the last part of the game -not that i really care.
JulioJonesBrother::You don't know after tonight?
yata9arasu::Who will win rookie of the year?
the_legend66::RIcky!
mcase94::you lack integrity
momo2deep::Integrity has nothing to do with humor.
mcase94::kemba
kenbomc::Don't know him either. :-)
BALABILA::The Hawks like the braves, are $@%!$@% CHEATS............They buy the officials yet cant win $@%!......  Bunch of $@%!$@% frauds......how the $@%! isnt that a charge at the end?
AtTheCircleK::"illegal contact by pushing or moving into another player's torso."  Ivan Johnson moved in like Bald Bull into Love's chest, then elbowed him out of the way.  That was one of the more blatant displays of charging I have seen.
Michael Bibby IV::Learn what a charge is
Alabamarolls4 14::IVAN JOHNSON IS A MAN. JUST LIKE M-V-TEAGUE
JamalMAllen::M-V-TEAGUE? Really?
JulioJonesBrother::SAINTS SUCK!!!
Laker Fan 17::DEFENSE!!!!!!!!
JulioJonesBrother::shut up
Laker Fan 17::LOL!
JulioJonesBrother::<b>Ivan Johnson, folks. Anything else?  Go Hawks</b>
Laker Fan 17::Gasol!
Laker Fan 17::Kapono!
iDash4::Funny, They didnt Mention IVAN Shutting down down Love as soon as IVAN came in the game.  Josh Smith held him to 24 points at Half time, Love was Unreal!.  Thanks IVAN, GO HAwks!
md7152::I am a Minn. fan But that guy is a beast!!!
ponochie::Personally tired of seeing the wolves put guys on the floor trying to increase there trade value while Williams sits
md7152::like who? Johnson, Beasley? In your opinion
kenbomc::OMG. The best thing about Wisconsin...the new MIss USA.
kenbomc::probably the only thing i like about that state right now -due to sports rivalries.
PoRtEr_24::true story
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::When is the last time the t-wolves beat the Hawks?? I can't remember, maybe when KG and Sam I am were in uniform for them. I don't know.
md7152::Good Game.  It was only a matter of time before ATL started hitting the shots they were missing in the first half.  Credit to them for fighting back. Minn has a bright future tho.  Just have to find a way to put the good teams away.
ATLien4ever::we also have 3 of the top players in the nba in our division...it is no cake walk
kenbomc::Two in the top five I think...yet Howard doesn't want to be there in Orlando...and Miami have shown to be not too hard to beat.
kenbomc::I agree. I thought Atlanta did well -especially at home. I think it'll help your team even more then it has already to have two terrible teams in your own division. Washington and Charlotte..they'll keep helping your W-L column...like they have already.
Michael Bibby IV::Very Tebow like comeback from the Hawks tonight
ATLien4ever::plus at least 10 on the boards against Love with no Horford..biggest stat of the game
PoRtEr_24::I'm actually kind of starting to like these atlanta fans, they have some fight in 'em
ATLien4ever::preessshhh!!
PoRtEr_24::Wow, I leave for 15 minutes and you guys are still arguing.....LMAO
ATLien4ever::...
ATLien4ever::it wasn't a joke..u remember u called me out and said chicago was the busiest airport in the world?
kenbomc::yeah...but i was thinking the 'mens' room in the airport joke. :-)  (tap...tap...)  ---old news..but funny.
ATLien4ever::airports!!
kenbomc::---i totally missed that joke.
eliotjanhoward::with the internet lonely men have all the time in the world to flame each other until the end of time
kenbomc::I wonder why you made the 'lonely men' comment. Usually that comes from the source.
ATLien4ever::^^^and being wrong LMAO
kenbomc::..about?
kenbomc::just discussing. :-)
Nonaligned_::did Rubio play well?...stat line looks good, how was his defense?
ATLien4ever::"i think"
ATLien4ever::he asked how was Rubio's defense...it couldn't have been very good giving up 20 points and 10 assist to your opponent
kenbomc::agreed ..but there was a lot of pick-n-rolls on both sides i think.
ATLien4ever::just look at Teagues stat line
kenbomc::Rubio's was better.
PoRtEr_24::did great
FlyGuys623::damn i feel bad for kevin love
kenbomc::Yeah...we had that game.
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport, Atlanta, Georgia, United States:  Largest number of passengers annually (1998–present);[5] Most aircraft movements annually (1999–2000, 2005–present);[6] In 2007, Hartsfield again set the world's record for most aircraft movements in one year with 994,346.[7]
Atl-fan-win-or-lose::Atlanta is a tourist town so I'm sure that's a lot of the air traffic comes from.
kenbomc::Chicago with the most arrivals and departures through 2004.
kenbomc::Alright..I'll believe ya. But is that people moving out, an easy transfer location...or is Atlanta the place to be?
Twins__FTW::A few months ago I got off the plane at Atlanta-Hartsfield Int'l Airport and I thought I was in Lagos, Nigeria. I thought the tickets I scored online were the result of one of the famous Nigerian Online Scams or that I was about to be murdered. Luckily, everything turned out fine.
ATLien4ever::did you know that Hartsfield is the busiest airport in the world?
kenbomc::My bad..they were up until 2004.
kenofga::Chicago isnt even top 3.
kenofga::The following airports make claims based on objective volume measures that are defined above:   Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport, Atlanta, Georgia, United States:  Largest number of passengers annually (1998–present);[5] Most aircraft movements annually (1999–2000, 2005–present);[6] In 2007, Hartsfield again set the world's record for most aircraft movements in one year with 994,346.[7]  Hong Kong International Airport, Hong Kong, China  Most cargo traffic by weight annually (2010).[8]  London Airports combined, London, United Kingdom  Largest number of passengers annually in all city airports combined (2010).[9]
kenbomc::Chicago is.
kenbomc::I missed the last part of the game...how'd Rubio look? Johnson need to be replaced? I cannot wait for Lee to get back.
BrettStormNYRanger1972::I pay huge respect to this young &amp; energetic Twolves team. They are the future !  Come on Rockets !     Jean, another 2 winners from Sports Betting Solution ! I parleyed 76ers -8, Rockets +2 and Lakers +3. If Lakers +3 hit, I could win $700 today.     NBA Basketball Basketball - Sat 1/14    Philadelphia 76ers -8 +103 @ Washington Wizards - Double Dime Pick (Hawes needs to play)    Houston Rockets +2 -105 vs Portland Trail Blazers - Single Dime Pick
31beef34::minnesota &gt; tom brady (6 td's and counting)
PrinceOfDaSouf::Minnesota &gt; Jordan? Is it possible?
31beef34:::)
PrinceOfDaSouf::Tom Brady 6 td passes and 11:46 left in 3rd
31beef34::time to bail. congrats on the win atlanta. no offense intended on any of my couple remarks. just messing with you guys.
Demonjoe93::See ya.
PoRtEr_24::Hey Atlanta fans, we're just MESSING AROUND, no need to get all angry about it
ATLien4ever::yeah, Im a proud survivor  :)
kastner11::my pleasure, I've lost friends and family from cancer, nothing like that should be said
ATLien4ever::thanks Kastner, youre cool in my book too..lol
kastner11::hey I said to knock off the cancer s**t  ATL and I am a MN fan, you may get it twisted when it comes to one person from a single state and then stereotype the rest..but seriously grow up if you put everyone in the same bandwagon
Demonjoe93::Damn it, you ruined the fun of this flame war we had going on. :(
ATLien4ever::you're the only cool one..the one about cancer would upset anyone, sports related or not
kenbomc::u sound like a pssy.
