Rambomonster9::Why do they insist on playing Norris Cole 20 MINUTES per night??? He cant shoot (32% Field Goals) cant score (4 ppg) cant pass (2 assists and 2 turnovers per game as a PG) cant rebound (1.3 RPG) cant defend (his worst attribute) and he is very short (6' tall with 5' wingspan). The Heat would be MUCH better off giving his minutes to ANYONE!!!
NbaNflBoxing Lover::The thing that surprises me is that Bosh has been the best player on the team so far...
sockmedock::the thing that surprises me is idiots that dont even watch games still make foolish comments like this
NbaNflBoxing Lover::Ok, I know y'all are gonna say that they constantly win without Wade, but look at the quality of teams that they beat when Wade isn't there.... A bunch of nobodys.
ruedsone10::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3hFMBh2xFk  highlight of the game.
Nibiru Rises::We need Wade long-term...but it sure is nice to see that we can lose a significant cog and adjust and win anyway.  This year's team will be SOOOO much better than last year.  We are seeing the birth of the dynasty now.
tandtk03::LeDouche pretends to be sick so he can be front page news. Way to fake it. LeDouche just keeps proving time and time again how overrated and how much of a little b!tch he really is. Some one better detatch LeDouche's mouth off his mother's t!t.
Nibiru Rises::Oh right...today is Sunday...the middle-school kids are on the board today.
Darren8732::Walk to a gas station.
Iamtheunderdog23::If you call LeBron "LeDouche", it doesn't matter what follows. You will just be seen as a hater.
NumberOneCaddy::The key to the heat championship last year was wade hurting.  when both were healthy they were embarassed by the mavs.
BigBadLakers420::To all the Heat fans NO u cannot win a.championp without Wade. James needs two superstars in order to win. Don't forget this is still Wades team!
SAFrankSU::Wade hurt the Heat in the playoffs last year. He was the liability.  Lebron took over Miami halfway through his first year there.
NbaNflBoxing Lover::If Wade don't pick it up and take it to all-time great levels against Indiana, they don't get out of that round.
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Lebron is playing the best ball on the team right now.
ButtaSports::funny how wade told james this is lebrons team. did you miss that
Almightykingdom::BigBadLakers420 was too busy with his head up his butt inhaling his own butt hash.
BigBadLakers420::When nashtys gets back we are going to be unstoppable. Look what the Lakers have Been doing since Mike B. Got fired. It looks way too easy on offense to our players to score and be effiecent and our defense looks way better than I thought. Kobe is an mvp at this point and if he keeps it up he will be our NBA mvp at seasons end!
Batteej::Steve Nash only makes the Lakers worst you idiot. Westbrook and CP3 or Conley will have a field day against Nash....
ButtaSports::mvp is lebrons to lose. doubt that happens
TreC1983::is Wade ever going to be healthy again?
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::If it was Wade's knee I would be concerned. This years problems have been flukes. Sick, rolled his ankle stepping on Chris Boss's foot. As long as its not the knee Wade should be fine once he gets past these early flukes.
Amoc21::Does Miami even need Wade at this point? I like the team is a lot better without him on the court.  Now, I'm not saying he's a bad player. Far from it. He's one of the best. I just think Miami gets along just fine without him.
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::The Heat do not win a title this year if one of the big 3 are missing.  Especially with the lack of height/size. Of course Lebron has size for his height but.........
nhraven52::Hey, Miami didnt have the FT advantage...
nba is the worst::Heat have a negative ft differential so far (lol)  Gonna be near impossible to come out of the east without the massive ref help they've been handed the last 2 years...  The league's new ft differential fav team by a huge margin:  Lakers at +10.8...
nba is the worst::<b>Go Wolves14</b> LeBron is not a top 10 player 4 fans like this. November 17 2012, 9:23 PM  <b>dogs</b> Leoverrated November 17 2012, 9:20 PM ·  _____________  And they call ME a troll·
giangir::Well your consistency at posting 24/7 makes you ESPN's #1 NBA troll.  Kudos to you sir, it takes special dedication to neglect the real world and be #1 of the interwebs...
ButtaSports::no posting idiot remarks make you a troll
nba is the worst::So posting = trolling, got it
melo kidd tyson amare rasheed felton::It's the knicks time
giangir::Still leads the league in first round exits...
nba is the worst::Still lead the conference in win pct. although the heat are tied due to the 4 more games played.  Early game today, undisputed 1st place on the line
brandonlee561heat22::Game 4 vs. Pacers down 2-1 47 rebounds Game 6 vs. Boston down 3-2 44 rebounds Game 2 vs. OKC down 1-0 40 rebounds
nba is the worst::"Just wait until last year"
nba is the worst::heat now at .428 in 3-pt FG% as a team (1st in the league as many of us predicted).  Cue the "live by the three, die by the three" cliche...  On a positive note, after last night's game the defense is up to 24th in efficiency and 21st in points against.  Still 29th in rebounding - which I understand from Riley means no ring
brandonlee561heat22::The rebounding should be better, but they put out a lot better effort on the boards when it matters
ballerbeast11::LeBron was injured for most of this season and the same for wade(LEBRON ALSO HaD FLU). Plus it's early in the season. You spoke too soon
nba is the worst::lebron was injured "most of the season"? Did he miss any time, any swelling, etc?  hawks game was the 9th...  smh
Heat_Master_Sage::even Riley knows you're not going to be a top 10 rebounding team without size.
LedgendsContinue2012::Hey what a mess college football ranking will be this week guys. lol
ballerbeast11::Isu?
Heat_Master_Sage::nd 1, bama 2, georiga 3, florida 4, lsu 5
brandonlee561heat22::This is what the BCS wanted, ND in the BCSNCG Even though they lost to Stanford, but oh well
nba is the worst::The (ridiculous) 3-pt shooting for the heat so far: Jorts 100% (I know, 1 fga) Lewis .536 Allen .512 Battier .471 Lebron .438 Miller .421  Bosh .100
Amoc21::LBJ has just learned to take less threes and better threes over the last season. His overall attempts are down but his % is way up. He's really learned to maximize his strengths and minimize his weaknesses.
brandonlee561heat22::Bosh for sure Chalmers needs to pick it up overall
Heat_Master_Sage::bosh and lebron need to stop shooting threes
nba is the worst::lebron career high so far by a LOT - he's obviously been practicing!
LedgendsContinue2012::I agree with you.
Heat_Master_Sage::ESPN claims Andrew Bynum setback was due to bowling. And you thought he'd go all season without filling the lane.  priceless by miamiheraldheat
brandonlee561heat22::Heat are 3-0 with MM starting
Treydey10::Even when Wade gets back, Spo has to get  Mike Miller some more minutes.
Heat_Master_Sage::get rid of that wade bum
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::@Heatmaster  Dont let my screename fool you.
Heat_Master_Sage::brandonlee561heat22 - yes, lol Referring to the stupid lebron fans  I pretty much just ignore fans of players now.
brandonlee561heat22::yes, lol Referring to the stupid lebron fans
nba is the worst::Miller is 5th on the heat in 3-pt fga/gm AND 3-pt FG%, surprising
Heat_Master_Sage::brandonlee561heat22 - I dont like when people say that :(  you know I'm joking right?
brandonlee561heat22::I dont like when people say that :(
nba is the worst::CUBAN HONEY. Kobe shot 10/24 against the suns so A sick Lebron is still more efficient than a healthy Kobe. 3 fans like this. November 17 2012, 9:28 PM · Like · Reply · Quote · Flag  Kobe never thanked Shaq for those 3 rings 10 for 24 is better than 8 for 20 November 17 2012, 9:29 PM
nba is the worst::CUBAN HONEY. No it's not November 17 2012, 9:32 PM  (Note to HONEY: 10-24 is .416, 8-20 is .400 = Kobe more efficient)  ;)
nba is the worst::<b>I became the ultimate pokemon master </b> U stupid dumbàss shaq was a laker before Kobe came! Get your facts straight before u run your mouth! U stupid mofo!  November 17 2012, 10:43 PM ·  ___________  Kobe was traded to the Lakers on 7/11/96. Shaq signed 7/18/96.    FACTS
brandonlee561heat22::What the heck happened, I thought the Heat was supposed to be 6-4 by the weekend?
nba is the worst::Nuggets stink ;)
nba is the worst::Gallinari "most overpaid" player so far
brandonlee561heat22::Very true, I thought they had a chance to be serious contenders in the west, but they are playing bad. Can't seem to get a full effort from everybody on the same night
nba is the worst::I became the ultimate pokemon master  U stupid dumbàss shaq was a laker before Kobe came! Get your facts straight before u run your mouth! U stupid mofo!  November 17 2012, 10:43 PM ·  ___________  Kobe was traded to the Lakers on 7/11/96. Shaq signed 7/18/96.    FACTS
Clueless Heat Fan::73 wins is a lock
MiamiHeatVito::go Miami
MudrunnerVA3::4-2 on a West Coast Road Swing....with a hobbled Wade....I'll take it.
roll_n_riot::still can't see that 15lbs of muscle that Bosh supposedly put on
MConnor8::its in his old fella, he got it stretched longer!  bosh climbed a tree, and hung it down so people could use it as a swinging rope! :)
ramerico::ttt
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::In wins kobe FG% is .463  In losses Kobe FG% is .581
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Its called teamwork.
darkangel007bond::If a team with an 8-3 record is considered struggling, I don't know what to call a team with a 4-5 record...
k_angel_iii::especially since the Heat won championship with 46-20 record last year (ration of 5-2). I said they were struggling and someone reminded me of that stat from the last year. Maybe they're struggling, and maybe they're not.
numberounofightingirish::I've been following a bet system called SportsBettingStar a few months back. Since I started playing this system I have doubled my money in just two months. You can find this system on the first page of google if you search the words Sports Betting System.  I recommend this system to anyone that likes to bet on sports
721Antonio::Dumb ppl come on here talkin about the Heat struggled.....they aren't gonna blow out teams night in and night out. They just want to win the division and get to the playoffs to compete for the chip. Now amaze delusional d heads. No need to waste a ton of energy on beating the crap out of teams
Le-Goat::This is after a brutal start to our schedule.  Now we got the next 10 out of 11 games in the AAA
Clueless Heat Fan::I kno how can they give the champs a 6 gm road trip thats beyond brutal its torture the lakers don't have any long road trips
Le-Goat::Who has the most wins in the NBA?  Miami Heat
MConnor8::washington bullets??
AussieRaven52::Whats their percentage?
AussieRaven52::They certainly dont have the least amount of losses
nealbronco87::awesome percent
johndomenow::ABOUT TIME! big congrats to the CAPTAIN!  respect! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DWuWIDtYNo
KobeThinksLakerFansAreDumb...I Agree::damn yall still here on a saturday night. smh you guys disappoint me.
Suck_my_balls...::Yet you're here to post this message.
Go Wolves14::Correction: At 1 AM on a Sat. Night
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::You know it's time to go when were talking about a washed up player in Josh Howard.  GN
Go Wolves14::f off......I mean gn
Go Wolves14::Erban how is Howard a bum
Erban Legend::What has he done in the past couple of years?
Go Wolves14::Watching the Wolves games
Erban Legend::Josh Howard is a bum.
Go Wolves14::You are a bum
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Correction.  Josh is now a bum
Great Year In Sports Brothers::LEBRON &gt; kobe
Erban Legend::The sky is blue.
Go Wolves14::hell no
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::LOL@ this guy defending Josh Howard.  Howard is not gonna make no kind of impact on the lonely Wolves...
Go Wolves14::Kobe Gloat, tell me how a guy at 28 years old is done?
FlyGuys623::pssst hes 32
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Says the delusional Wolves fan.
Go Wolves14::Whatever, he's not done
FlyGuys623::ok im tired. good debate guys. peace
Go Wolves14::gn
Kelli Loves Sports::going to bed, x-ing out,  gonna watch my knicks have a bounce back win hopefully,  never lost 2-0 in the regular season under mike woodson.
Go Wolves14::gn
Go Wolves14::Eric Decker reppin' Minny!
TimEliTebow::very competitive game, miami must have not played well or they are struggling.
FlyGuys623::bron bron was sick and wade was out
Go Wolves14::Fly who is Eric Deckers wife?
FlyGuys623::i think her name is jesse james and shes a country music singer
Go Wolves14::She's so hot
FlyGuys623::look at how much he has fell off http://espn.go.com/nba/player/stats/_/id/2006/josh-howard
FlyGuys623::i meant like the last 4 years
Go Wolves14::He's played one game you idiot!
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::You defending Josh real hard ain't you?  hahahahaha....  Howard is done....
Kelli Loves Sports::cutest athlete in sports imo is eric decker.
TimEliTebow::are you a girl!?
Kelli Loves Sports::yes :).
FlyGuys623::he has a sexy wife
Kelli Loves Sports::very cute couple.
