Rick Silberman::Looks like the Broncos stopped by the Nuggets' locker room to give a pep talk on how to get up for games they should "win easily".
Thomas Murphy::i took the jazz money +485 cmon lets go utah
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Ty should be back. I'm pleasantly surprised for the Jazz that Favors seems to be working out. To an outsider it looked like a pretty ridiculous deal. Still does a little bit, but at least they're getting something out of it.
Jack Suenram::jazz may win if favors stays out of foul trouble. that miller lawson huge point guard advantage that denver has had over utah the last three or four years...........poof....its gone.
Mason Wesley Lloyd::J-HAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
Daniel Rigby::Jazz are looking much better, very encouraged about the future with these young guys
Alex Webb::Since Trey Burke has been playing starters minutes, Jazz are 5-5. Playing much better.
Lisa Beatty::Foye should be the backup SG.... SMH    Its like Karl's lovefest of playing Andre Miller 80 minutes a game.
Jake Mac::Nuggets should trade to get Afflalo back.
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Afflalo is having a career season right now, at least last time I looked.  Would love to see him back but I just can't see a trade scenario where we don't give up too much.  Wish we would have picked up someone like Al Jefferson or Paul Millsap this off-season.
Lisa Beatty::Jake Mac   but AAA is also playing close to 38 mins in Orlando.  We dont play guys but 32 mins here so stats suffer...  Our backcourt was complete crap tonight
Daniel Smith::The Jazz are 4-2 when fully healthy, and they are healthy tonight.  This should be a good game.
Jason Peters::Anyone got Denver in their parlay?  I saw this coming, I almost put Denver in one...
Ronell Holt::i do
Dennis McBride::Let's go JAZZ.  You came through for me the other night and I am counting on you again!
Dennis McBride::Roll JAZZ Roll.....Two in a row and I'll take them tomorrow night.
Drew Grundfor::Now that is Denver basketball. Losers...but typical.
Dennis McBride::If the spread looks good, I have faith in the JAZZ tomorrow night.
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Gordon Hayward should refrain from shooting 3's
Jarret Wandrei::Gordon Hayward will be an All Star before it is all said and done!
Jake Mac::This would be an unacceptable loss for the Nuggets.
Chad Wiggins::really denver.. really... GARBIDGE
Shawn-Hlee Hawj::Nuggets are playing lazy bball.. Trash can.
Dennis McBride::Keep rolling JAAZZ.  I've got money on this one.
Mindy Derrick-Hinds::Mason wesley lloyd is a  idiot with that comment
Luca Reid::My poor Jazz. Keep playing strong, fellas.
Shawn Spalding::Jazz can't miss from long range!!
Mindy Derrick-Hinds::About tge favors dwill trade
Dennis McBride::Time to go cash in my ticket.
