clint::Hayward might be having personal problems, because his play this year has been/is awful.
Jim::I watched the bobcats last night beat the pistons and act like they won the nba championship. They cried all night on every single foul call to boot. Then they show up tonight and lose to the 2nd worst team in the league at home! These guys think they are something special. They are just a bunch of wanna be punks. You get what you deserve. Act with a bit of class and not like a bunch of spoiled brats! This team isn't going anywhere real fast! I hope Utah acted like they just beat the bulls with Michael Jordan. Act with no class and you get it in return!
J::I'm glad to see the Jazz beat the Bobcats. After getting their a**es tanned by Atlanta, I was wondering if they would be able to do it.
Michael Williams::Bad loss tonight. The arena was packed and the fans really wanted to see a win. Lost this game because of Utah shooting 47 percent from 3 and we missed 2 open jumpers and 2 put backs at the end that could have gave us the lead. It just wasn't the Cats night. Good game though Utah really came to play tonight.
Cyril::I continue to be impressed by Burke's lack of turnovers. I can't remember the last time I saw a rookie point guard take care of the ball this well.  It would be nice for him to get a few more assists though.
David::The Bobcats now need to play some truly great defense and offense. disappointing their fans at home is not a good way to win fans over; and the Cats are on the brink of really winning their fans over.
Commenter::Kemba shooting 42% with a 1.7:1 assists to turnover ratio.  Not the stats you want from a franchise point guard.  Starting to think Sessions should start and Walker should be in the substitution rotation.
Ali::Why has Hayward been shooting so bad this season? He needs to get easier shots before he settles for those outside jump shots.
matt k::I hope this game goes into overtime so I can win my spread
David::That's all the more reason for the Bobcats to make a strong effort on defense and team offense. They are the home team. They should win.
