Calioyo::Dont think we need to even discuss the Blazers tanking anymore, they are bad enough to get that 2nd decent Lottery pick with regular effort.  Lets hope they get a GM that knows what they are doing, for those 2 picks and that vast cap space.  If they do, could be a quick turnaround back to the middle of the West playoff race.
Goodbar77::LOL and Portland thought they were gonna mop the floor with us. LOL. SCOREBOARD
yeahgodisgood::I found a betting system recently called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I found this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it.Thought I would post this for anyone that is looking for a betting system that actually works
RED_GOLD_MANNING::love when other teams come on the portland / milwaukie board because they are starved for attention
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Kobelies247::The hell are you talking about?
poodagg::totally blew up that team!
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
2007 NBA Defending Champ Heat finished with a 15-67 Record::2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  2007 Defending NBA Champ Miami Heat finished with a 15-67 Record and missed the playoffs. Can you say Worst Defending CHamp EVER  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Almost Always Ignored::Delfino needs to have a nice sit on the bench for the rest of his life
Kobelies247::Nice work Blazers!!!  TANK TANK TANK
mjcarroll76::I knew I would find good humor on this message board...Bucks fans who think this team actually has something going for them...That backcourt never saw a shot they did not like inside of 30 ft.  If the Knicks were actually 100% healthy there would be no question about them making the playoffs.  Not that either team has a shot of doing ANYTHING at all in the playoffs
korn7860::Knick fans, we should stop hating each other, and start hosing the 76ers, they will be the team to miss out.  How about we both pull shockers and knock out the Bulls and Heat.
surfzone365::lol, trying to reason with Knicks fans.  Good luck.
ImonahorseIRL::How terrible has Jamal Crawford been this year?
CBass1317::3 for 11 every night terrible
carlwithacee::FEAR THE DEER
knicks_11::Fuc.k yu bucks. i thought u guys sucked
korn7860::We did......  And then we got White, then we got white, then  we got white, ooooo oo ooo.
noelito69::PORTLAND TRAIL--ER TRASH  .
QBridge96::It's only a matter of time before LaMarcus wants out...
MexiStache69::Called it blazer fans murdered by the mighty bucks lol
skumong::Is Udoh doing alright? I know he doesn't score much but he should be a plus on the defense
korn7860::Udoh is solid, very defensive minded body, will help a lot in the playoffs.
CandySparker::I think the Knicks likely roll back.
surfzone365::I'd laugh to see both NY and Philly drop out.  Philly fans were talking tough sh*t not too long ago, same with the Knicks fans during Linsanity
opethbrewcrew::To the hood with spike
surfzone365::You guys could really use Bogut this time of year.
surfzone365::Yeah, they have been quicker-paced, but he does bring size against other teams' bigs
IVI PapaDoc IVI::Well being that he hasn't played half the year even if he was still on the team it would be irrelevant
jambox5000::I was just about to say: even if he was still on the team he would be looking stylish at the end of the bench in a suit--not the warm-up kind.
surfzone365::You guys actually thin Bogut would slow you down??
surfzone365::Sometimes being able to have a more wide-open, quicker paced game is the way to go.  If the Bucks are trying to implement more of a run-and-gun game, then that works to their advantage.
packersfanfrom89::No one was a bigger Bogut fan than me, but there's a reason there best moments during his tenure came when he was hurt, he's a solid defender, but Udoh is close to the same, and doesn't demand the ball as much.
surfzone365::Youre right, dont follow the Bucks much, but i hope you guys make the playoffs
packersfanfrom89::Lol, you clearly don't follow the Bucks.  Bogut slowing them down isn't even question, it's a fact.  Bucks are much more dangerous with Monta instead of Bogut.
panther4406::Yeah, and he'd clog up the middle.
buckspackers23::I would agree, but Sanders and Udoh played lock down defense tonight.
panther4406::ha nvm
buckspackers23::I would agree, BUT....  Read a little more.
panther4406::How do you agree? Have you been watching this team without Bogut all year?
dcenate2012::Noty he would slow the Bucks down.
packersfanfrom89::Is this a joke?
UWBadgers442::I admit, I'm not a huge Bucks fan, but if they resign Jennings/monta, Ilyasova or all 3 I will be very excited about this team.
Funnyman4WI::Jennings and Ellis are under contract for next season.  I hope they can re-sign Ilyasova, I think he could become a superstar.  If he can get stronger and improve his post game he will be an all-star.
panther4406::The Knicks haven't won a title since 73.
Funnyman4WI::The Bucks haven't won a title since '71.
lebron_failed::the bucks aren't in a large market and the bucks don't have the 5th highest NBA attendance either...
surfzone365::They are a pathetic excuse of an organization, especially being a "large-market" team
buckspackers23::Very pleased with our effort tonight. Rip City -- Do you see what we were talking about with Ilyasova? Good now with tons of potential.
surfzone365::Delfino will make poster dunks of Landry Fields and Tyson Chanler
surfzone365::The Bucks are going to take over Indiana's spot as Knick-killers
Geech63::yeh rite
Vickunlovedasachild::thats paul pierce's title
Free Greg Williams::New York's biggest fan a race baiting director who made a movie about Kobe. Funny, Spike doesn't make movies about the mediocre players on "his" team.
Vickunlovedasachild::if anything, hes the racist one.
surfzone365::After MJ and Reggie Miller, youd think he'd get his cokebottles renewed.
opethbrewcrew::Good day for milwaukee
surfzone365::I'm not sure if you Bucks fans ever had run-ins with Knicks trolls like this before, so now you see what we deal with.  I think a rivalry is brewing between Bucks/Knicks.
Vickunlovedasachild::knicks fans are crying and scared obviously...
Geech63::Sixers, Knicks, and Bucks battling for two spots not one..dnt think people realize this yet since everyone keeps talking about the 8th seed
TheHedonismBot::Bucks Heat would be a good series.  And you're right, the Sixers are tanking.
Geech63::tanking or they were jus playing lottery teams at the beginning of the year
surfzone365::Good luck Bucks...take care yo bizzzzness!
ChicagoSportsFTW8510::lol you guys can still get the 7th seed and beat miami hahahahaha
IVI PapaDoc IVI::Bucks - 1 game for national tv Warriors - 5 games for national tv SMH
panther4406::It makes sense.
westbrookownsLA0::julie your hot i would bone you and your mom at the same time.
dcenate2012::Bucks are going to the playoffs.. Enjoy your early offseason Knicks
surfzone365::Madison Square Garden is where the Bulls shine, and Knicks fans finally get to see a real team play.
supreme91::Plz.....
panther4406::Every team except the Knicks shine at MSG.
_Buckster_::I can't wait to see the blank, clueless look on the face of every ESPN NBA "expert" when the Bucks lock up the 8th seed and the Knicks are at home.
Br3tt11::Time to go troll a Knick board adios!
Vickunlovedasachild::im sorry to the bucks fans having to deal with the nyk trolls...they are just scared im a c's fan and hope you shut them up.
surfzone365::The Bulls sole existence is to punish the Knicks and torment their fans.
TheHedonismBot::The only reason I hate the Knicks is because 90% of their fanbase are arrogant douch.ebags
Geech63::Thats most of every teams fanbase
Chuloflow::Knicks almost Beat BULLS TWICE WITH ROSE under Mike No Defense D'antoni, So I like my chances right now under a defensive minded coach. Im not worried at all about tomorrows game. It will be tough no doubt but Knicks have a very good chance in winning especially the way there playing of late ..
NyKnickJetsYankeesFan03::BUCKS PLAY OKC NEXT GAME, THEN THE KNICKS..   SORRY BUCK FANS.. SAY BYE BYE TO YOUR PLAYOFF CHANCES
Free Greg Williams::Jeremy Lin is faking that injury to escape the embarrassment of playing for the Knicks
NyKnickJetsYankeesFan03::KNICKS AREN'T LOSING TO THE BUCKS.. TAKE THAT TO THE FEDERAL RESERVE
Free Greg Williams::Sorry spike lee gave you the herp. Sorry, I coulda warned ya.
TheHedonismBot::People who only use caps lock are compensating for having small $@%!$
panther4406::People who use that as an insult are usually projecting.
rkuske10::The fact that we play the knicks actually helps our chances.
packersfanfrom89::Wait, what's the Bucks record vs NY this year? I forgot.
packersfanfrom89::I didn't really forget. lol
TheHedonismBot::2-1 Bucks
_Buckster_::Bulls with White Mamba at PG &gt; Knicks
_Buckster_::The Bucks will give the Heat or Bulls a better series then the Knicks will.
Geech63::Bucks will get destroyed by the Bulls..Knicks games would be way better
Geech63::wat does Celtics last year have to do with the Bulls this year?
rkuske10::yea the knicks did very well against the celtics last year.
panther4406::Not the Bulls.  The match-ups are a nightmare.
_Buckster_::The last game they played was a very good game. I think it would be a 6 game series.
Br3tt11::The KnIckes are like a circus Bibby the carcus Harrelson the bech player Lin the fallen samurai Bdiddy the obese man/Bearded woman! Not to mentio Melo the black hole
Miller Park After Dark::who do the bucks play next?  and when?
_Buckster_::They play the Thunder on Monday.
NyKnickJetsYankeesFan03::FAWK ALL U BUCK AND BULL FANS.  BUNCH OF WUSSIES
panther4406::BROOKLYNNN
Free Greg Williams::Is like a 3rd world country. Aren't the Dodgers glad they left.
surfzone365::Typical angry Knicks loser.
Free Greg Williams::Go suck off Spike Lee and harass some 70 year olds
_Buckster_::The Jets. ahahahahahaha.
surfzone365::From that goon Patrick Ewing, to John Starks, all the way to Landry Fields and Melo-noma...all property of da Bulls
NyKnickJetsYankeesFan03::OKC WILL BEAT THE BUCKS, AND THE KNICKS WILL BEAT THE BULLS, NOT ONCE, BUT TWICEEEEEEEEE  THEN SMASH THE BUCKS
