aryanhusky::Don't blame the Knicks they just suck and are not that good. Rudy Gay is a star so you can't blame the Knicks being able to defend him. Rudy Gay should be an All Star this year and if he is not its a travesty to basketball. He is top 5 player talent wise in the NBA and no reason he should not be there.   Knicks fans you will never win with D'Antoni as your coach he is a loser and a choker who couldn't win with Phoenix which was the best team in the NBA for a couple of year, how do you expect to win with the current Knicks roster lol.
aryanhusky::dude your dumb i dont have any rooting interest for the grizzlies. I have a rooting interest in great talent and great players. I am actually a UCONN Husky fan and a Spurs fan. Rudy Gay for me is the best all around talent in the NBA even better than Lebron. He is a stud.
nycpratl::gay needs to be much more consistent, reliable and maybe deliver in clutch situations every once in a while before he's viewed as an all-star.  if you like the grizzlies you have some interesting pieces but they'll have a tough time keeping their best talent long term.  randolph landed there because no one else wanted him after a history of troublemaking.  they got lucky that he came in focused last year.  wonder how long gasol and/or conley stick around?  tough building and maintaining a top tier team in a small market.
DilyDodle::Judging by the Knicks fans comments here I'd say the Beatles were right, "money can't buy you love." Wasn't it just last season that MSG was erupting with fans demanding Melo be brought in? Now that he has arrived Knicks fans are saying the trade was bad and Melo is just a selfish player. Melo is exactly the player he always was and the Knicks fans got exactly what they wanted. A team that is fun to watch, but will never make it all the way.
CUSA_NEWS::NY is lucky they dont have to play all western teams a la Memphis.  The Knicks are 6-5 and not 2-9 because they feast on the bottom teams in the east whereas Memphis plays OK, LA, SanAntonio and the likes back to back to back.  Huge difference!
CosmoKramer1444::"Top Performers New York: B. Walker 14 Pts, 3 Reb, 1 Ast, 1 Stl, 1 Blk Memphis: R. Gay 26 Pts, 5 Reb, 2 Ast, 1 Stl, 1 Blk"  GAME OVER
you gotta be kidding me......::Let me preface this by saying I live in NYC.  having said that, the Knicks are terrible.  All the Knicks "fans" have their nose wide open over Melo and he is one of the biggest reasons they will only be a .500 team and 1st round playoff exit.  Melo gives you 28 ppg's and that's it. No D, no rebounding, no assists and he takes the worst shots. A pure volume shooter. Amare needs a point guard to help him get off because unless he is 3 feet from the basket, he can't create his own shot.  Trade for steve Nash or something because BD and mike bibby are both old and don't have what it takes to keep everyone happy.  The team as a whole plays no defense.  They rank near the bottom of the league in all defensive categories and are the worst for team assists which says everyone isbout for self.  Chandler was a nice pick up but he is gonna get tired of playing D alone.  They will make the playoffs because a losing record will get you in in the east. There's nothing wrong with being a Knicks fan, but stop acting like your team is more than they are.  Average at best.
bop35045::If they trade for Nash, they basically turn into the Phoenix Suns of the past, but a lot older. I think the Knicks have made some bad moves bringing some of these players in. They were looking for instant success like the Miami Heat with Lebron and Chris Bosh. The problem with the Knicks is they took a gamble on players that cannot play any defense. The Knicks have problems and are going to be that team that hovers around .500 and maybe makes the playoffs to get knocked out of the first round.
greenlandnyk::Last night was a perfect example of [want all lose all] with Carmelo Anthony! he's a  selfish player and its been hurting the Knicks from day one!not to mention his defence which makes him a liablity to any team he's on.Rudy Gay was busting his $@% b4 his injury and Kevin Durant was gonna expose him more on saturday. This goes back to James Dolan taking over from Donnie Walsh and messing the team up for a player who don't fit the system that was working for the Knicks
bop35045::He is not going to play on Saturday and use his injury as an excuse so he does not get exposed.
you gotta be kidding me......::Amen.....
mark35345::What really makes me sick is the Knicks win their two previous games - and all of a sudden the NY Times is touting the Knicks as a potential contender. Now they lose to the Grizzlies. Big deal. This team is not very good at all. But the Knicks are the Masters of excuses. "Baron will help us when he gets healthy" Yeah sure he will. even if they do make the playoffs - count on a quick exit.
scorpionlife47::as a true Knicks fan i will say we were much,much better and deeper without Melo, dumb trade was made..Felton,Chandler,Gallinari and whoever else we gave, we had a lot more energy and skill,passion ...Oh,D'Antoni must go also! thank u for listening to the truth ...have a nice day!
jgyru88::Should have traded Amare to NOLA for Chris Paul before the Clips got him...
nycpratl::NOLA wouldn't take him.  That contract is radioactive
nycpratl::NOLA wouldn't take him.  That contract is radioactive
nycpratl::NOLA wouldn't take him.  That contract is radioactive
TheRookieOftheYear2::It would appear that melo's chubbiness finally blew out his ankle.
FadeAWade::I'm not a Knicks fan at all but people are overreacting.  They just came from a 4 game win streak, they lose without Melo.  They just laid an egg, it happens.   I'm curious to see how they do if they become 9-8, because so many people keep saying they're like the Heat when it comes to chemistry and whatnot.  But ever since Carmelo joined, Amare has been off. Apparently Chandler has made it worse and Amare isn't even near the post as much because of him.  The Knicks pre-Melo to be were better IMO. If they had gotten Chandler after I think they'd be top 4 seed easily. So deep, a Center, a PG, Amare would be the number 1 option, etc. Relton fitted really well for D'Antoni.   And now they're trying to make Melo into a point forward and people brag if he gets 4 assists or something... like it's so amazing...
crabbymacintosh::you can see every game on dantonis face how much he hates having melo on his team.
BobBobb22::Who did they beat?  How were they doing last night WITH Melo?
bop35045::The beat the 76ers at home after the 76ers were on their third game in a row.
cpfuzz2::Anybody who thinks the knicks are an elite east team is drinking the kool-aid. No passion. No energy. No cohesion. How many bad games will it take before D'antoni gets canned?
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::Look around....there are more non NY fans on the Knicks threads CONSTANTLY.....envy much? Every game thread....flooded with haters.
Texasgirl6200::I'm here to see how good Chandler is doing.
FadeAWade::oh please, when the Heat lose is 10000000000000 times worse on these ESPN convo pages.
Dave34613::thats cuz their are 8 million of you in three square miles living in 300 square foot apartments for 2,500 a month
Dave34613::Ya, I told someone I was lost and they asked me what I was looking for and I said "the last Knicks Championship, and they said "sorry, I don't know where that is!"
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::aww, did Dave have a bad experience visiting NYC? too much for ya, huh?
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::Ok Inbred Fred.
crabbymacintosh::or lack of real fans?
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::Yeah that's it.
nycpratl::The joke is on us Knick fans.  Current Knick ownership has zero commitment to winning.  The ownership group is happy as the franchise value continues to rise, games are sold out for months, merchandise and TV revenue rising as well.  Winning is incidental and matters less.  It's about money, really big money.  That's why they take on Stoudamire without insurance.  It's why the board of directors allows a buffoon like James Dolan to meddle in basketball decisions.
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::So we should all become Nets fans?
DilyDodle::Break out the vodka and the axe spray
Dave34613::My name is Stoudemire, I used to jump higher....I have an uninsured contract that no one will acquire, but I'm still Stoudamire......
crabbymacintosh::Wow the knicks suck.   See if denver will give you a re-do on that trade.
crabbymacintosh::agreed bob.   Typical new york though.  All flash no substance.
crabbymacintosh::youre right though, the knicks would be far better off with danilo felton and chandler than they are with melo.
BobBobb22::If nothing else, those guys are YOUNG, loaded with POTENTIAL and are COACHABLE.  Melo is what he is - and he's not going to change now.  Knicks should have been patient and groomed the guys they traded off.
crabbymacintosh::Hes the only guy that will actually stop playing mid-play with the ball in his hands to turn and whine to the ref while the rest of his team has to stand around watching him.   Great one on one player who will never be a part of a great team if he keeps acting like an entitled baby.
BobBobb22::That's the key Crabby - Great ONE on ONE player.  People see how many points he scores and get stars in his eyes.  He needs to do a lot more to help the Knicks win - a LOT more...
crabbymacintosh::the problem is more carmelo than the lack of danilo.    He will never win a ring unless he puts all that effort he uses whining to refs into playing d and being a part of a team.
Pusherman3::Lack of Danilo, Moz, Chandler, Felton.  You may be right about Melo.   Melo needs to pattern his game after P. Pierce, then get a good PG...keep Chandler though, he is perfect for Melo's game.
BobBobb22::Ya - Gallo is playing really well so far this year.  Tweaked his ankle in the Nets game - hopefully okay for tonight.
Dave34613::The curse of David Lee, getting rid of a good white guy
crabbymacintosh::knicks never should have traded him.  Especially for Carmelo "The second coming of vince carter" Anthony
Pusherman3::Watch Gallo tonight.  He is playing really well.
Pusherman3::Not a terrible loss to a good Memphis team at home.  However, it does put the previous 4 wins in perspective (3 terrible teams and 1 at the end of a back to back to back).
lrdThunda79::hell be back soon....but who told you that crabbypatty?
crabbymacintosh::not a playoff team without randolph
crabbymacintosh::good memphis team?  Theyre missing their best player.  But yes, it does put those wins in perspective.
AuthenticProphetic::A comma would have been sufficient for that second sentence. I thought you were calling Gasol gay.
Pusherman3::Still a pretty good team, especially at home.  Gay Gasol and conley are solid.
dysraw1::no fire no fuel no defense,an please somebody let Shump know that his name is shumpert not jordan
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::People are hilarious....Downing the Knicks and their fans CONSTANTLY! 10 teams in the last 30 years have won a title. Lakers=10 in 16 appearances Bulls 6 in 6    Celtics 4 in 7   Spurs 4 in 4   Rockets 2 in 4   Pistons 1 in 4    Heat 1 in 2     Mavs 1 in 2  Sixers 1 in 4    Their have been 18 teams in the Finals in that time. Now for the losers... Knicks, Nets, Magic, Blazers, Jazz are all 0 in 2   Sonics 0 in 1  Pacers 0 in 1 Cavs 0 in 1  One of those franchises doesn't even exist anymore. All 30 teams....12 have never even sniffed a title and 20 of them have 0 in 30 years.  The Knicks, Sonics, Blazers, Warriors, and the BULLETS are the only other teams in 50 years to win at least 1.   The Rochester Royals...Syracuse Nationals....St. Louis Hawks....Philly Warriors All won a Title  in the 1st 8 years of the league. No other teams has ever won a title. Knicks fans know what they have as a team....but all of the other teams fans want to tell us about how bad/ dumb/ variety of colorful adjectives we are. I sense an extreme amount of jealousy, envy, and contempt born from both emotions out there. You will never get over it. NY is title town in ALL sports period end of story....we can handle a little adversity. We usually end up dealing with all of your relatives who left that podunk town to come HERE in order to be successful. Sorry we are so confident and arrogant...it comes with the territory.
nycpratl::KnicksJets-the worst part is that the joke is on us as Knick fans.  The Yankees are committed to winning love em or hate em.  The Jets are trying hard as well to put together a winning culture.  Current Knick ownership has zero commitment to winning.  The ownership group is happy as the franchise value continues to rise, games are sold out for months out, merchandise and TV revenue is rising as well.  Winning is incidental and matters very little.  It's about money, really big money.  That's why they take on Stoudamire without insurance.
nycpratl::NY teams and many of their fans need a lot of attention especially in these media overexposure times.  Being scrutinized and criticized goes with the territory.
shortmac2380::new york only rules in baseball. jets? when was there last superbowl. giants have 2 knicks not since 73. dont watch hockey how are the rangers
Dave34613::You were so integral in those yankees titles from the 30's when you were negative 50
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::The 4 teams i root for have more titles than any other city in the sports.
rynodesign::Some of the best fueds in NBA are or were with the Knicks. I love when they are good and I am Chicago man. The Bulls and Knicks had a great rivalry and would love to get that going again. The Knicks and the Pacers had a great rivalry same with the Celtics. I love watching those games.
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::Last I checked the Mavs were champs...that is the ONLY team allowed to act like Kings right now!
Dave34613::J.E.T.S suck suck suck...M.E.T.S suck sucks suck. K.N.I.C.K.S suck suck suck
Dave34613::Can't wait!
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::They have a lot in common with you
BobBobb22::This is 2012...  Stop living in the past!
tdawg44446::So you're proud to not have even come close to a title in 15 years?
BobBobb22::Not sure what you mean by envy and contempt - on whose part?  No doubt the media plays a part - look at the whole Tebow phenomenom.  Difference is, you don't hear the Broncos playesr popping off about how great they are or making excuses when they don't live up to expectations.    Melo just needs to shut his mouth and play better TEAM ball.  That's all I'm saying.
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::Well...the fact is not ONE Knicks team has ever said they were gonna win it all. But so what if they did. try blaming the reporters who are reporting all of the stories....they make NY look bad just as much as the morons making the most noise....but don't get it twisted....Envy and contempt are behnd it all. ESPN is the king of doing so. Read the NY articles...the writers despise the teams they cover....most of them do. Every team wants to win it all and some even try....truth be told the NBA needs to contarct a few teams and make it a better product. But that is another story altogether
nycpratl::Right you are BobBobb.  And I'm a Knick fan.  About time Knicks deliver on their over the top promises.  Problem is NY is a very high expectation town whether it's connected to reality ot not.
BobBobb22::With all due respect, I thnk it's because NY teams yap yap and yap and can't back anything up.  Especially the Jets and Knicks.  All the world hears about is how great you are and gonna be in the Superbowl/NBA finals and you can't back it up.  It's one thing to be confident.  It's another to be cocky.  Especially when you can't back it up.
Dave34613::Congratulations, you lost the finals 11 years ago and have the 16th best team in the NBA..yay
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::I am proud to root for my team. I am just pointing out that the Knicks are better than more than half of the league....yet the entire league feels the need to try and put us down. Oh yeah....do the math....11 years since the Finals.
tdawg44446::The problem with the Knicks isn't even Melo or Amare. It's the fact that nobody else on their team can score a basket to save their lives (maybe Shump on a good day). They should've kept the lineup they had last year with Gallinari, Felton, and Chandler, they would've at least had some balanced scoring around Amare!
AP Giants::They need a point guard period and the coach needs to go.  Once that is done, the KNICKS will be fine.  Until then, we will see bad basketball.
Pusherman3::The problem is that they pay 3 guys max money and they aren't max money guys because they can't carry the team to win against good teams.  They are left with scrubs.
Dave34613::My name is Melo, I jack three's yo..sometimes they don't go in though, but I'm still Melo!.....My name is Melo, I slap Collins in the head yo, then I run the other way like a girl ho, but I'm still Melo....My name is Melo, my Denver teams never won yo, so I got outta there quick yo, cuz I'm Melo...My name is Melo, I play no defense  yo, because defense ain't cool yo, cuz I'm Melo......My name is Melo, now the Knicks stink too yo, maybe I should jack more shots though, because I'm Melo even though my teams never win yo!!!
Dave34613::about a minute!
tdawg44446::How long did you work on that?
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::Why are people blaming Melo and giving a pass on Antoni. He's the real problem.
BobBobb22::Melo needs to be a leader on the court.  Not a friggin' ball hog only worried about his own stats.  He does NOT make the players around him better.  That's why.
rynodesign::I agree with that to a point. He had a couple decent team in Phoe but I don't think his style translates well in NY. Melo is still a problem he was a problem in Denver too.
rynodesign::Melo is a ball stopper. He stops the flow of the game. I have watched him for years  and nothing changes. He doesn't make the guys around him better and that is what top players do. LeBron, Rose, Kobe, Durant, Dirk all make players better. Melo gets the ball holds and the shoots a jumper, waste time and doesn't get his team involved. He doesn't do it every game, but most. This is why you see such  games from Amare were he doesn't score a load.  Plus the both play the same are even though Amare is PF. I still think the knick were better pre-melo and if no melo and added Chandler to hand some of the D and Blocked shots, I believe you have a winner. I want NY to be relevant team. NY being good make the NBA better.
shortmac2380::knick fans said the knicks are a top 3 team. not at 6-5. knicks suck
_MagiCanes_::Next season(2011-12) Knicks will be beasting especially with Chandler...oh wait!
tyler.burris34::shumpert is a good player but he takes way to many bad shots the point guards job is to get everyone involved shumpert needs to become a distrubter rather than a do it your self guy because with guys like melo and amare and even chandler at times shumpert really doesnt need to do the scoring
BearJWS::Ugh!  Our Knicks need a freaking PG ASAP !!! Somebody tell D'Antoni to stick Shumpert on the bench where his @$$ belongs.  He can't play PG, he turns it over constantly... He's a Shooting Guard, except he can't shoot a lick... ok, a Missing Guard.   Why do they continue to let him shoot with such horrible shot selection.  He should only be in the game for defense... that's it.  He's horrible otherwise.
Uponthedownside::I'm sorry but this is a frankensteined team that sucks to watch and is painful to be a fan of. The beginning of last year this team was going in the right direction. Built from the inside. Stat was our clear leader, now he's missing. We had help off the bench, gone. We had a lot of good young players and a bright future. Were we going far in the playoffs last year with that pre-melo team? No, but that team was fun and exciting to watch. Now we have couple of allstars,  a good center, a promising rookie and a bunch of other miscellaneous pieces and none of them fit together. I'm so pissed. I waited 10 F^*$@n years for this team to go through the pains of Mcdyess, Crawford, Marbury, Curry, Jerome James and Steve $%@&amp; Francis to name a few...eh what's another 10 years I guess...
tranScend::I remember the old knicks that played better than this and had loads of free cap space.   What happened to them? Yeah, SMelo couldn't wait 6 months to sign as a FREE Agent, even tho he threatened he would. Denver will always hate him anyway. Nice job.
tranScend::Point Guard fail
Amares Goofy Goggles::what exactly does an "uninsured contract" mean?
nycpratl::And to finish the thought no insurance company would insure the contract because of his knee surgery history.
nycpratl::Unfortunately don't think that would help get him insured.  He's already been pegged as high risk
tranScend::What if he gets the Kobe Experimental knee surgery this offseason?
nycpratl::Without insuarnce if he gets hurt Knicks are on the hook for the remaining balance of the contract.  So if you want to trade him whomever takes him assumes that same risk.  If insured the insurance company pays the remaining $60 million over the next 3 years.  Who takes on a $60 million liability on a guy with 3 major surgeries on his knees, on the decline, who doesn't defend or rebound?  See why Phoenix let him go?
greenlandnyk::Since Phoenix let A'mare go! what have they done? nuff said Since the Nuggets lost Melo how are they doing? as for the money the Knicks made back that 100 mil they gave A'mare last year! A'mare brought the Knicks back and Melo stalled it.
thebattousai99::Amare is NOT playing like a max type player.. what happened to the hype coming out of Phoenix... oh yeah, it was Hype.. thats all.  Hopefully for the Knicks sake, Melo doesnt miss to much time with that ankle.
thebattousai99::yeah.. law of averages huh.. take enough shots eventually youll hit something.. kinda the same way the military sees it.. enough rounds down range youll eventually hit those insurgents lol
Dave34613::And sometimes they go in
Dave34613::Melo is a guy that scores a lot because he jacks a ton of shots!
tranScend::fans of other teams only see highlights.  melo is a cancer.
thebattousai99::That is a great point. I see that happen with the Heat all the time.. But I enjoy watching the NBA, so I catch knick, bulls, laker, okc, dallas, boston games when i can to "scout" the other teams and enjoy some good BBall..   My opinion on Melo is not so far as saying he is a cancer.. I have no idea how he is in the locker room..dont listen to NY media... but on the court, his offense is there where it should be (and you have to consider the knicks do not have viable scoring options.. amare is in love with the jump shot, and chandler handles the basketball like its a hot potato on offense).. its Melos DEFENSE, or lack there of that really has held him back. D'antoni doesnt help in the development of Melo the defender..because he has never taken Defense serious.. hence why the suns got bounced 3 years in a row from the western conference finals when he was their coach.  Top teams play D to some level, phoenix and the knicks under Dantoni never did.
Dave34613::Pfizer should make a drug for NY fans to help them realize Melo just isnt that good!
thebattousai99::Im not a Knicks fan at all.. matter-o-fact.. cant stand the Knicks, Jets, Yankees, etc... but I give Melo props.. He is an offensive machine.. if he brought defense into his game, he would be a monster.. but until he brings the D, he wont be viewed as one of the greats.    Unlike most overblown hate thrown at LeBron, I wont do the same to Melo or any other good player like Dirk just cuz I have an issue with a team.
thebattousai99::Melo is a top tier player.. Amare is on the "B" list.. I put him in the Joe Johnson category.. basically high way robbery of a franchise.  Chandler is a "C" lister in my opinion.. he has never done anything worth a da.mn.. and the success he had in the finals against the Heat was due to him being the best big man on the either team, which really isnt saying much.  And Barron? WTF is he going to do.. Knicks are DESPERATE for a point guard which is something they very much need.. but Barron?  WOW.
thebattousai99::agreed.. As a Miami Heat die hard, I was very excited when NY got Melo and already had Amare.. I was hoping the Heat/Knicks rivalry with LeBron and Wade VS Amare and Melo was back.. Unfortunately, it hasnt worked out as of yet. Knicks lack a PG who can be a distributor and score on a consistent but not heavy basis.  Amare needs to get back to what he did best in Phoenix which is play closer to the basket.. Bosh has taken 3's this year and im still like "WTF?!" every time she shoots them, even if he does a decent job of making them (ask ATL bout Bosh and his 3's). but when I see Amare drop back beyond the arc to shoot a 3 when he was set up at 15 feet .. im really like "OMG, WTF, how is this happening?".. And then they sign chandler which i almost died laughing of.  I thought that was a bad move.. but hey, might have looked good at the time, especially chandler having a 'ring'.
nycpratl::Great comparison of Amare to Joe Johnson.  And spot on with Chandler.  A foul prone, fragile, inconsistent career track with one very fortunate blip in Dallas sorrounded by skilled veterans.  Baron Davis has been poisonous most of his career.  Ask Byron Scott how he was on New Orleans.  Not the solution now that he's broken down.
nycpratl::Indeed.  Any executive worth his salt would have done that.  Expecting Toney Douglas to run this team was reckless.
thebattousai99::Barron wasnt that guy... they probably would have been better off with Nate Robinson who wasnt who was cut by OKC.. at least he was a serviceable PG.. even if he is garbage.
Amares Goofy Goggles::as soon as they got rid of billups, they needed to sign a PG who would be ready to play when the season started.
Dave34613::LeBron went to Miami so Wade could win him a title and because there are no state taxes in Florida....
thebattousai99::state tax has something to do with it.. its a huge difference when your talking about making millions compared to making thousands for example.  But, agreed, its more to do with the Team we had, the weather, the people (and beautiful at that) etc. etc.  But no state tax is def a selling point.
Robert156877::I am not sure state taxes had anything to do with it.  We know about the taxes because most of us do our own taxes.  These athletes making 20 million dollars a year have someone to handle their finances, so they probably don't think about the taxes that they pay half the time.  It was more about the weather and the party scene in Miami.
nycpratl::He was damaged goods and Knicks knew that.  Sadly he was the only name free agent willing to come to NY at the time.  Says everything about how the organization is viewed by top tier players.  There's a reason Lebron James (among others) said no.
nycpratl::That he did.  And it's uninsured that's the craziest part.
Amares Goofy Goggles::and thats how he bamboozled the knicks for 20 mil a year.
Dave34613::Ya, because they are so good with Melo I turn down no shot yo!
agoods03::It was a stinker, it will happen especially this season.  Lets rebound and put it behind us.
nycpratl::Lots of "stinkers" so far.  Charlotte, Toronto, Memphis, Golden State.  Plan on a few more coming up with OKC, Orlando and Phoenix.  Shortly after again Bobcats and that powerhouse Boris Diaw!!
Dave34613::Hey, someone tell Amare that there is a game on Thursday January 12th at 8PM vs. Memphis............
Dave34613::eh, what do you want for 20 million a year??????
Amares Goofy Goggles::alot more than what he has been giving.
Amares Goofy Goggles::i know right.
John Claytons Combover::So when the Sixers lost to the Knicks the night before (barely, by 6 points), it had nothing to do with the fact that it was their 5th game in 6 nights.....but when the Knicks lost last night (getting their a.sses handed to them), it was because they were tired from playing the night before?
rockndoc3::Cavs will be fighting the Knicks for the 8 seed it appears.  And why does Dantoni have a job?
nycpratl::Hate to agree but you're on to something.  Painful as a Knick fan to watch yet another season coming undone.
Amares Goofy Goggles::its coming undone alright, but i wouldnt worry about it too much. miami started off 9-8 last year, when they started to gel, they got better, and hopefully so will the knicks. i think the knicks started 3-8 last year, and did ok after they started to gel with amare.
Amares Goofy Goggles::and they should fire that bum for sure.
rockndoc3::Check the records
Amares Goofy Goggles::has nothing to do with the record. its a marathon, not a race.
Amares Goofy Goggles::dont bet on it, cavs are way worse than the knicks.
nycpratl::They can delay the inevitable but they'll get the same result they got last year.  Or worse, could end up in the lottery.  The team is out of control.  If there's any commitment to winning start with a different coach. The so called big three needs to be seriously re-evaluated.  Understood that it's early but watching an overweight, out of shape 3rd tier guy like Boris Diaw torch them twice in one week at home says a lot.   Moving Stoudamire probably makes the most sense but finding a taker for that uninsured contract on those knees will be a challenge.  Chandler looked much better on paper.   Anthony is what he is.  Great scorer, good rebounder, needs a ton of shots, does not defend.  Is he better under a Phil Jackson?  Maybe if he can mature enough to listen and be coached. Shumpert shows talent but needs mentoring and lot of coaching.
timgan19::It will be interesting to see how the Knicks do without Anthony. They won the fourth quarter without him, and I'm not really sure he's that valuable, especially considering how well Denver has played since they traded him.
nycpratl::Not an Anthony fan but Knicks are worse off without him.  Top tier scorer and clutch performer.  Denver has put together a better team without him but there's no way to correlate the improvement exclusively to Anthony's departure.
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::What have they won?
Go_Avs123::Since Anthony left the Nuggets are a better team.........they move the ball better and distribute the scoring around....direct correlation to Melo leaving.
GCMachine::This game was an example of what fans will see with the way the league jammed so many games into a condensed time frame.  The Knicks were clearly out of it after playing the night before in NY and looked like they all were tired and/or had jet lag.  Painful to watch, as many players on both teams settled for jumpers with little or no offensive movement.  Lack of hustle and competition for rebounds was also disappointing to see.  Real bad product to watch on TV.
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::Yeah...I know...they wanted him to leave. Let me know how DEN is doing in a year or 2.
flybye23::plus the knicks aren't that good anyways and could have easily lost the game after 3 days of rest
Go_Avs123::The Nuggets did get the better end of the trade. Good players for Melo and money under the cap. And yes, Denver fans are happy that Melo is gone.
nba is the worst::Cavs upset the Suns in PHX last night
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::Oh...expectations....got it. Who had these expectations? Nets fans expect D12...Cavs fans(owner) expect to win a title before LeBron. DEN fans expect us to believe they got the better end of that trade and they aren't sad sbout it. You expect us to believe we have no reason to root for our team. Things take time....This team hasn't even been  together 2 months yet. Not one single Knicks fan expects a Title this year.
flybye23::expectations werent high for nets and cavs fans like it was for the knicks
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::We appreciate your postulating input.They aren't that bad either...better to have half a glass than an empty one...go tell the Nets fans about their team....don't leave out CLE fans and the rest.
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::As well as a rookie PG not being told to stop shooting. He basically shot them out of the game early....then continued to do so throughout the game. Also ZERO post play. That is on the HC and Shumpert. 'Melo being hurt 2 different times and early foul troubles for him and Amare also contributed to the loss.
ChungYaoTai::Shumpert is out of control
BearJWS::... and sucks!
MacolmX::Knicks fans. Dont get excited. Amare had two fouls extremely early in the game and Melo got injured not once.. but twice. It happens.  This team will pick it up after the All star break.
Panterastang::yup, and eventually pull like a 5 or so seed and an early exit due to all the players(except 1 or 2) and the coach not having a clue wtf the word defense means.
Hair Clippers LA::Why is shumpert and douglas shooting so dam much? Don't they realize they have a big 3?
BearJWS::Because they haven't a clue how to play PG!  They never have, never will... It's always me, me, me with them.
THANK YOU BASED GOD343223::This kid is a gamer. He’s a baller.   He’s a playmaker and a shot caller.   In case you didn’t know, I got Tebow. He shattered the mold.   And all he does is win. All-all-all he does is win. Games   Listen. I got Tebow. He shattered the mold.   And all he does is win. All-all-all he, all he does is. . .   Unleash Tim Tebow! Let him go. It’s time.   Turn him loose. Let him play. Let him play on Sunday.   Unleash Tim Tebow! Let him go. It’s time.   Turn him loose. Let him play. I’m going to church Sunday.   Run, pass, option – I think that’s my game.   I guarantee you that I’m not John Elway.   He’s rewriting the book, week in and week out.   He’s a unique football player. That’s what Tim Tebow’s all about.   He’s a gamer. He’s a baller.   Playmaker. Shot caller.   He’s a gamer. He’s a baller.   Playmaker. Shot caller.   Unleash Tim Tebow! Let him go. It’s time.   Turn him loose. Let him play. Let him play on Sunday.   And all he does is win. All-all-all he does is win.   One more day, one more win.   All-all-all he does is win. Games
DaftShadow::even with melo, amare, and tyson, the knicks are still a mediocre team...
GCMachine::Totally agree.  Would be different with a better coach.  Look what Collins is doing in Philly.
J-SMOOVE2016::Baron Davis
Panterastang::lol Baron Davis
MarcusXP50::Couldn't agree more....they are so weak at the 1 and 2 and the bench is not that good as well.
Grosky1::JORTS!!!
mdtuzo::shumpert needs to relax, how is it he took more shots than anyone on the team?
BearJWS::He's a "missing guard", not even a "shooting guard".... Definitely not a PG.
MEEENMACHINE::Cause he's a dumb MF , who thinks that being athletic means you can shoot a jumper, NOT !
abenezer44::its okay knicks fans the east is so bad this year u will make the playoffs, u will probably end up as the 8th seed and get sweep in the first round like last year.
Baron Harkonnen::The Knicks defense .... the magic formula to make any struggling scorer look better.
bigzo78::the knicks are number 7 in defensive efficiency this year
Panterastang::after 10 games in a shortened season with virtually no camp and teams playing some awful basketball.....the statistics almost meaningless...just watch them and look at the players and coach...there is no defense there.
ELS2005.6::Amar'e has the audacity to call Pau Gasol soft. At least Pau has a post-up game.
Panterastang::at least KG got old before completely giving up his post game
Notorious_24::The awkward moment when Rudy Gay was in high school and the teacher used to take attendance by only calling last names,
McSorlee::I used to laugh at marvin gaye's name when I was 5.
prana19::oh yeah when was that, last year...
