Emersonjk2::wtf ESPN highlights don't even show the disputed call. This is NBA/ESPN propaganda to make the thunder/durant look good
TheWalrusnow::bad call. scott brooks, is lieing saying one play didnt change the game. yes it did. but things like that happen. should have gone to replay on something like that.
HerdInOregon::I wonder if the ref makes the same call if it wasn't Kobe, I mean Durant, taking the shot?
podirk::what a stupid post... followed by a stupider reply...  yeah....stupider
Tony91367::What a Stupid post...  Kobe doesnt get half as many calls as Durnat/ Lebron and Wade do..
dudley david::http://www.nba.com/official/   Nice that the NBA admitted they are cheaters, er their mistake
podirk::I've thought all day it was a goaltend but I also don't have the tech to see in slowmo and higher res..  I'm fine with puttin the players back in there spots and playing the last 6 secs???  All in favor....
Naledge503::"It was a tough game," Thunder coach Scott Brooks said. "It could have gone either way. I don't think one call is a difference-maker."  Sure wasn't his sentiments in a game against the Jazz a couple years back when Durant was clearly hit on the forearm attempting a three at the buzzer. He went crazy.
podirk::no he truely believed it was a foul, but after realizing it was not going to be called as such, sucked it up, and like a man he gave the right lines and wasn't a baby about it.
Naledge503::True. But he's still being hypocritical by throwing a fit on the court and then saying what he said after the game. If he truly believe what is coming out of his own mouth, he walks off the court with no complaints.
podirk::I'm not saying he didn't think it was a foul...he was not being hypocritical when he said "one call doesn't make a game"
Naledge503::That was after the game. Try watching the video of the play and see him and Durant have an aneurism on the court.
drinkinkoolaid::I saw that game. Durant reacted for a couple seconds, then walked away, not $@%!$@%! and whining like a kobe would do
podirk::http://espn.go.com/nba/recap/_/id/300406026/oklahoma-city-thunder-vs-utah-jazz  "The referee didn't call a foul. You have to go with him. He had a better look than I had," Oklahoma City coach Scott Brooks said. "Sometimes you get those. Sometimes you don't. We had a good opportunity to win the game. We didn't get a stop. That's the bottom line."  I must have missed the part where he hypocritically said "one call was the difference maker"
podirk::That was a clear play...this one not so much.
chronicom420::What, look at the reply it is clear as day.
Sir_Toonces::You have exposed Brooks as a hypocrite.  Good job.  meow!!!
The Honey Badger::Game Over. Thunder Won. Next topic.
Naledge503::I gotta see what that's about.
Sir_Toonces::no need, naledge...i got this one covered.  meow!!!
Naledge503::His name is Scott Foster and he was the official furthest from the ball. He is also implicated with Donaghy. Donaghy made more personal calls to Foster than he did to his own booky.
podirk::i hear he passed on a killer tater tot casserole recipe...
Naledge503::Love your name. My brother is a honk(Y) in hawaii.
hawaiianhonky::they were sharing recipes that is all
Sir_Toonces::Not so fast...still one item to clean up...who was the ref and where does he live?  thanks in advance.  meow!!!
Coleyuco::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIn1mNmgDjc  payback.
58rhodes::hey 6
chronicom420::"It could have gone either way. I don't think one call is a difference-maker."  Not a difference maker? What, how can a call that completely changes the outcome of a game not be a difference maker. If they would have made the correct call the game was over! They need to change the rule so calls like this can be reviewed. If you have the technology to get it right, why not get it right?
chronicom420::Kobe and Durant and every other player complain about not getting a foul call on just about every single drive they take, so get real.
podirk::Most often I see KD it looks like he is talking to them trying to figure out how to not foul next time
hawaiianhonky::I'm not saying he NEVER argues but he doesn't look to get bailed out by the refs like the other superstars in the league and you know that.
podirk::all players do it to a degree...KD would be on the opposite end of say WB
chronicom420::Bull, Durant wants a call on every play, and complains all the time. He's not the only one though, Brandon Roy did it, Lebron does it, D wade does it, they all do it.
hawaiianhonky::you don't watch enough thunder games, durant hardly argues anything...most humble  dude in the league, perkins though......
chronicom420::You guys are ridiculous with this batum stuff. He was playing great defense and he was getting pushed all night too. Pretty good, haha.
chronicom420::No you know nothing about the Blazers so stop making dumb statements.  They signed wallace because brandon was hurt, it had nothing to do with Batum. Like I said a bunch of teams want him so they must think he is better than average, it's obvious you don't know what you talking about.
hawaiianhonky::Ok so he started 3 years and is on the bench now...quality player...if Batum was any good they wouldn't have signed Wallace who is decent but like I said he's an average player on the Blazers
chronicom420::He started his first three years, at 19 years old for his first year. Not like they have someone if front of him tearing it up? You mean like gerald wallace? Obviously you know nothing.
hawaiianhonky::He's started one game this year and averages, what, 20 mins a game? He's in his 4th year and can't start for the blazers, not like they have someone in front of him tearing it up...
chronicom420::That last statement tells me everything I need to know about what you know about basketball. There have been numerous teams who want batum but the blazers ain't gonna give him up. Rides the bench, haha, what a joke.
scl1651::Harden had to get his jersey back several times after the assaults Batum put on him!!!
hawaiianhonky::no one wants him, that's why he rides the bench he's had one good game this year and is always hurt
chronicom420::Actually Batum played great d just like he does every night. Thats why so many teams want him.
hawaiianhonky::Yea that was the point where he confirmed to the world he was flopping all game, even the blazer fans were like "man, i wish you wouldn't have done that"
chronicom420::Yea like durant and just about every other player doesn't do that on every drive.
podirk::my favorite was the westbrook block to end reg...he looked around like...did you not see me fall and exaggerate no contact??
hawaiianhonky::gerald wallace played good D, not batum
hawaiianhonky::getting pushed and getting touched and flailing to the group in a heap are two different things
scl1651::I heard someone called 911 for Batum because they thought he was having some kind of fit most of the game!
podirk::These are NBA players out there...it doesn't take 5 seconds to grab a rebound. Harden had it in his grasp when the whistle blew anyway.   Speaking of being all over....has anyone seen the results of the rape kit they had to do on Harden, heard charges were coming for batum
podirk::so your saying there's a chance????
chronicom420::Yea sure they had a chance, just not a very good chance.
podirk::so your saying there's a chance????  I think they had a high chance of getting a quality shot considering that they had a 4-3 advantage
hawaiianhonky::What's any players percentage on game winning shots?  no one "excels" by whatever your standards may be
chronicom420::Yea I know it's not very high, because nobody hits a very high percentage of game winning shots.
podirk::you can google it if you want to know. who's to say that he would not have got the ball??
chronicom420::Yea whats his percentage on game winning shots? And who's to say he would have gotten the ball?
podirk::uhmmm...kid clutch was in...enough said
chronicom420::Don't really matter who was in there the chances of them scoring was not very good.
podirk::cook came in for ibaka I thought...but that might have been the end of OT not end of reg.
hawaiianhonky::i don't think Perk was in there, it was durant, westbrook, harden, cook and iblockya right?  not sure though
podirk::it would take Harden 1-2 sec at most to be at the 3 pt line...2 defenders were chasing the ball so a quick pass is a 4 on 3...we had a 3 pt specialist 2 mvp candidates and a mip candidate on the court...and I think perkins....... so yeah..I would say we had a chance
hawaiianhonky::Hell Ibaka can hit a mid range jumper too....all 5 on the court with 4 of them shooting decent behing the arc they would have had a good chance to tie or win it
hawaiianhonky::With durant, westbrook, harden and cook out there???? Pretty good
chronicom420::Ok so harden was running away from the basket and grabbed the ball at 6 seconds with no timeouts. What are the chances that they score? Not good, thats for sure.
hawaiianhonky::He's also facing charges of faking like it's a damn soccer game, I thought Ginobli was bad
chronicom420::The question still remains. Why not review it and get the call right?
podirk::yep
chronicom420::So they need to change to rule to include plays like this.
podirk::B/c you cannot review that play...  should prolly look at changing that in the future
hawaiianhonky::Because you can't review a goaltend call
chronicom420::First they would have had to run the ball down. So they could have had it at around 5 seconds without a timeout. Most likely the game was over. But the refs are all over durants nuts so....
podirk::Let's just assume the correct call wasn't made.  It's Thunder ball with 6 seconds left.
Beardedblazerfan::Block or no block, I still can't see how the refs did not review it but reviewed 2 out of bounds that were pretty obvious from the start.   I didn't think that this was playoff season already, from the looks of the officiating this year in all kinds of games (not just Portland) its pretty bad and usually doesnt get this bad until playoffs start.
Beardedblazerfan::Learn something new everday.  I thought it was all plays where a call was made in the last minute can be reviewed.
hawaiianhonky::http://www.nba.com/2010/news/10/21/instant-replay/index.html
hawaiianhonky::you can't review anything except out of bounds calls i think
hawaiianhonky::that and buzzer shots
ryyyang::Stupid story didn't even have the video of the goaltending call as a highlight.  don't you think if the title of this article is about the goaltending call that they would have showed it in the video replays/highlights?
podirk::this has boggled my mind
winterfresh98::Blazer fans still dont get that fact they were outplayed.
chronicom420::Outplayed? What, how were they outplayed when they won the game if the refs wouldn't have given the Thunder the points that tied the game. Outplayed? Thats a joke right?
podirk::so in the phrase "I should have took today off today" where is the bad call...and who wins/losses??
chronicom420::Sure, should have is when a terrible call is made that changes the outcome from a win to a loss. Good enough?
podirk::can you define the phrase 'should have' ?
chronicom420::Got out reabounded by 20 and still should have won. Obviously they were outplaying the Thunder in a lot of areas then.
hawaiianhonky::the blazers got out rebounded by 20................
chronicom420::Uh sure. I wouldn't say anyone got outplayed in a game that came down to the wire and went to overtime.
hawaiianhonky::Outplayed
Beardedblazerfan::Blazers outscored the Thunder in 3 quarters out of 5.
podirk::I like the teams in our division  Great home courts, hard fought games  doesn't get any better
willionair::all the good ones were wearing green and gold.
Beardedblazerfan::Ah, we could all argue till we are red in the face and it still wont change anything, you guys had a good game and now that we are even in the series, maybe Portland can get some revenge next time we meet. I do have to say though that the OKC fans seem pretty cool for the most part comparing to fans from around the NBA.
hawaiianhonky::yea by a total of 8 points, the two that OKC outscored them totaled 14
ryyyang::It was a close game.  The Blazers didn't get outplayed.  If you're talking about just in OT then I can maybe agree there but the game was very competitive so no one got outplayed.
hawaiianhonky::The thunder had a double digit lead twice in the game, they let the blazers back in it
willionair::cuz you wouldnt be mad if that same call was made if your team was in the same position.
hawaiianhonky::i would be more angry that batum missed a wide open layup or the fact that my team played like dookie in OT...had that call won the game I would understand blazer fans but it didn't...they still had a clear lane to win it and OT
hawaiianhonky::they never will
adamrichardson1::I understand some peoples frustration on the block/goaltending call.  I personally thought the ball hit the backboard slightly before LMA blocked it.  But that call aside, Batum flopped all night on both ends of the court.  The last play of regulation proves that without a doubt, the replay from the corner of the court showed that Westbrook had his hand on top of the ball with no part of his body touching Batum, yet Batum still falls down like he got hit from behind by Demarcus Ware.  He was just trying to draw fouls and finally on the last play they didn't buy his flop!
podirk::i watched over and over and over...still see a double bounce (one from KD one from LA) off the backboard
hawaiianhonky::but i thought the refs called it a goaltend?
chronicom420::You better get your eyes checked then because it was clearly a block.
willionair::the ball didnt hit the backboard till LA swatted it. watch the replay
podirk::100% agree   (raises hand for air high five)
spccookzane::Blazers still had opportunities to win and didn't.
texrcana24::Why has nobody on here pointed out that although Aldridge appears to block the shot he's hooking durants right arm which is a foul.  It's tough to see at normal speed (possibly one reason why it wasn't called) but slo-mo it's pretty clear.  It begins at about the free throw line and continues until the block.  Enough so that Durant's body position actually twists.
scl1651::It doesn't matter if they saw the foul or not. Batum was a serial rapist for most of the game but wasn't called for it. Most of the Thunder probably can't even sit down today because of him!
Beardedblazerfan::I would have been happier if they would have called that foul rather than the BS goldtending call
texrcana24::I don't think there is a lot of debate over the block, it appears to be a block, but there could be just as much debate over whether he was fouled before the block even occured.  Thunder fans have just as much evidence prooving it was a foul as Blazers fans have of Aldridge blocking that shot.  And what does having a 150 lb superstar have to do with anything??  That is the most irrelevant thing I've read on here.
willionair::the calls went your way the whole night dude. and always do just because you have a 150 lb superstar on your team. just admit it was a block.
scl1651::Thunder had 10 to 15 more fouls than the Blazers, so how did it go their way? If anything, we should be talking about the no calls on Batum.
Matthew Borba::You're not supposed to notice that, they want it their way and will ignore everything else that happened to make it seem they should have got it their way.
baller1016::I just find it silly that everything is tied to ONE call. Sure it was at the end, but anyone who watched the whole game knows it should not have been as close as it was. Portland didn't convert on enough of the Thunder's 20+ turnovers and didn't shoot that great from the FT line. Plus the whole game was more officiated towards Portland. I'm not saying it was a clean block or goaltend (too close for me to see), I'm just saying that Portland should have been up more than 2 at that point and won the game easily.
THUNDAboi77::we all know refs are bias to superstars.. plain and simple. if it wasnt durant going for the shot that call might have not been made. but it is what it is. bad calls happen all the time..yes bad call should have lost but that wasnt the outcome.. stop complaining about it..
baller1016::I'm not a fan of either team, but the Blazers should have won this game before "the block". Nothing can be done about this now and complaining certainly doesn't help anyone. You got 41 more games to get back into the playoff standings. Stop letting one game go to your head.
Countless512::And we could say Thunder should've been up by 20 because they didn't do this or that or the other. Fact of the matter is a great play was made to stop one of the League's best players from tying the game and it was removed because a ref at mid-court somehow had the ability to make that call while the 2 ref's closer by called it a block.
geno_eugenio::"I saw the lane to the rim and I tried to get it up there quick because LaMarcus Aldridge is a long, athletic defender," he said. "So I got it up there quick enough that it hit the glass first. It was a goaltend, so it was a good play for us." durant said   Check the replay lol i'll bet his smiling right now
Sir_Toonces::I think I can put this debate to rest since I had a good view of the action from courtside.  (1) As we all know, it was a good block.  Even Thunder fans acknowledge this...go to OKCNews.com if you want to confirm. (2) The officiating was OK up until the last minute of the game when it suspiciously became heavily one-sided.  Was Batum fouled?  Possibly...and he should have gotten free throws given the need for a makeup call. (3) Portland misses Andre...with Felton in the lineup, PDX loses by ten. (4) Nate can't coach.  After timeouts, Portland turned the ball over four times with just one basket.  meow!!!
mastercoog::Agree with three of your four points. Portland does miss Andre Miller. He was consistent. But as a Blazer fan, Miller struggled when he first got to Portland and was highly criticized by the press for being quite and removed and then gradually got better. We are hoping the same with Felton and Crawford. They both are not playing high quality ball right now.  My disagreement is that McMillan can not coach. I feel with Roy now out of the picture and Aldridge is now going through the learning process of being the man in the clutch. Couple that with Felton not having the same chemistry as Andre did with Aldridge and the lack of the second consistent go to guy which Crawford has not been yet and you have troubles in the clutch. It is more credited to the players for not being able to get it done than bad coaching. Nate has prove he can put competitive teams on court and that is why he has one of the longest coaching tenures in the nba.
THUNDAboi77::as a thunder fan...that was a bs call that was a clean block but thats not what the ref called .... it was a very entertaining game glad we won but shouldve lost
THUNDAboi77::honestly yea we shouldnt have let them come back and take the lead but they did.. and honestly i was cussing at the game all night.. but that was a bad call at the end.. which given the circumstances we honestly shouldve lost..
Matthew Borba::I disagree that we should have lost, we shouldn't have let them take the lead in the first place, it seemed we were in control of the game the entire time, if the Thunder play like they usually do the cushion would have been bigger.
Countless512::It's fairly simple. Ball was goign up with little rotation, aldridge hits it towards the glass with his hand moving downward. It puts backspin on the ball, once it hits the glass the trajectory is changed from going up to going down off the glass, it was hit hard enough that it came back off the glass quick enough to hit the tip of his fingers a second time.
natesweet72::I think with Felton in the line up they would have won, not lost by more. he has his issues but he is a better passer than Crawford by far and has been playing well lately.
podirk::first go to www.okcnews.com actually  then watch the replay to see the double bounce..goaltend
podirk::I showed up to class to late to sit by them
podirk::need one at a 90 degree right above...
TayCarson::I got an A in physics, but I cheated off the smart kids. So I got nothin'
Countless512::It'd be better to see the behind the backboard camera.
podirk::it would be cool to see a sports science over this though
podirk::See this is the only other explanation there is.  I just don't see the physics working out that way. (It should be noted I got a C in physics)
Countless512::You're right it wasn't pinned. It was hit with downward force against the glass, the spin made it come downward again where it bounced off aldridge's hand a second time.
TayCarson::From every shot I have seen - it was a clean block. For what it's worth, most people seem to agree with me. You and most OKC fans are in the minority. Doesn't take away from the fact that it was a tough call, but I simply don't see the goaltend, and I'm not going to if I don't see it the 10th time I've looked at the play
podirk::I'm not saying it was an obvious goaltend (allthough I may have sarcastically to some who were trolling).. However I do think it was a tough call...
podirk::agree to disagree...  yes the ball can be pinned, but it was not pinned.
TayCarson::Just watched it again and I just don't see it. You can pin the ball on the glass, and from every shot I have seen LMA hit the ball first. Gotta disagree with you still
jahraffe3::We were robbed. Terrible call on both ends of the floor within 5 seconds of each other. There is no debate and no emotion at play, just the fact that this game was stolen.
podirk::I can see the complaining about the questionable goaltend/block  but the flop from batum on the final play of reg should def have been called, they missed it all night
Iamtheunderdog23::Well I now agree with Cuban. I don't know what the lockout did to the refs, but it surely made them worse.
Aaron Caudill::dude, thundaboi77, props to you on stating the obvious truth even though you are a OKC fan.  Don't see much integrity on these things. And yeah, the statement made by Dus2Dus is so dumb.  Portland had the lead before the call, how was it going to HELP them get to OT?!
Countless512::Lol you are so illiterate. A call that would have helped us get Overtime? We were leading prior to this goaltending call. The goaltending helped OKC get overtime. $@%!$@%.
THUNDAboi77::yea the call helped us not portland if it was a block  game over blazers win.. which that was a very bad call. i can admit it
Dus2Dus::Listening to all you blazer fans is comical. you clown on laker fans for talking (not whinning) but talking about times in a game where officiating jerks us over, and here you all stand acting like you were robbed of a game cuz a bad call lmao! You guys act like the game wouldve been won if they didnt call it. The truth is you guys played terrible defense the majority of the game, and you got jerked by a goal tend calll that maybe wouldve helped you get o.t., not win, so by trailblazer fans own words stop complaining about the officials, none of you like it when any other teams fans complain so neither should any of you!
Justice430::Disgusting.  The NBA is a joke.
antiflagrul3s::That was a terrible call.... Come on now you OKC fans you have got to see that either way!!  Be impartial to the situation  the ball was not on the glass....  Stern needs to FINE the ref!
mynamehere1212::anybody who still claims it bounced off the glass needs to put down the crack
podirk::one does not hold crack
podirk::no see that is one bounce...first bounce is durant off glass, second is LA off glass
Agent - 0::Yeah, off LA's hand and into the glass...
Slimjimzv::………………..,-~*’`¯lllllll`*~, …………..,-~*`lllllllllllllllllllllllllll¯`*-, ………,-~*llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll*-, ……,-*llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll.\ ….;*`lllllllllllllllllllllllllll,-~*~-,llllllllllllllllllll\ …..\lllllllllllllllllllllllllll/………\;;;;llllllllllll,-`~-, …...\lllllllllllllllllllll,-*………..`~-~-,…(.(¯`*,`, …….\llllllllllll,-~*…………………)_-\..*`*;..) ……..\,-*`¯,*`)…………,-~*`~.………….../ ……...|/.../…/~,…...-~*,-~*`;……………./.\ ……../.../…/…/..,-,..*~,.`*~*…………….*...\ …….|.../…/…/.*`...\...……………………)….)¯`~, …….|./…/…./…….)……,.)`*~-,……….../….|..)…`~-, ……/./.../…,*`-,…..`-,…*`….,---…...\…./…../..|……...¯```*~- …...(……….)`*~-,….`*`.,-~*.,-*……|…/.…/…/…………\ …….*-,…….`*-,...`~,..``.,,,-*……….|.,*...,*…|…...\ ……….*,………`-,…)-,…………..,-*`...,-*….(`-,…………\ ..............f`-,………`-,/…*-,___,,-~*….,-*……|…`-,.....\
podirk::I clearly see a double bounce
NFL _Junkie::LOL--the "double bounce" is LA blocking it to the glass for bounce #1 then coming off the board and bouncing up off of LA's hand on his follow thru....I have replayed it several times in slo mo--and thats what you are seeing..not 2 bounces off the board
Vallier11::A game should never be decided by just 1 person but when that 1 person is an official it makes the league a joke!! It was obvious that Scott Foster had money on this game as he made terrible call after terrible car to get the outcome of this game to where he wanted it!! Yes I am calling you out Mr Foster!!! The league needs to look at all games his officiates and start an investigation into the gambling habits of this piece of trash ref!! Take him out the the way and this was a great game, too bad it had to be decided by such a scumbag!!!
Vallier11::Mr Foster influenced the outcome the way he wanted it by making the calls he did. He is a gambling man and I have passed that info on to the NBA. This league is a joke, the refs are horrible!! Worse then Pac-12 refs and thats bad!!!
TayCarson::If you think that goaltending call was the correct call, then you obviously lack any real basketball knowledge and probably should not be posting on basketball forums
podirk::Nope...I clearly passed my bball knowledge test before espn would let me register....
Vallier11::there was bad call after bad call the entire game but the end was the worse. There was rape kits needed on both sides!!
Agent - 0::You dont get it. It had to be an OKC win or Blazers win by 1 for Foster's bettors to win. Portland by 2 is a loss for them. He didnt even blow the whistle until he realized the Blazers gained possession of the LEGAL block....
podirk::I honestly don't think a mistake was made.A questionable call late in a game, yes (which I dispise said calls)
podirk::I think I will agree with you 100%...let's review  sent 1 !00% yes sent 2 100% yes sent 3 100% yes sent 4 100% yes (confused on how so many miss this) sent 5 100% yes sent 6 100% disagree...I would use them in iced tea...
TayCarson::I never said he fixed the game - go back and read my posts please. It was a close call, but the fact that all the OKC fans refuse to admit a refereeing mistake is pretty biased and honestly makes me question the basketball knowledge of a lot of these posts. Trust me - being a blazer fan has given me a lot of lemons.
Slimjimzv::Tay, you don't win the internets by saying the other person has no idea what they're talking about.  It was a close call.  He made the call for the Thunder.  He made other calls for the Blazers in the game.  The fact is, if he wanted to fix the game, he would have called a foul on LA as Durant drove to the basket.  He thought he saw a goaltending, so he called goaltending.  Also, life sometimes gives you lemons.  Suck them.
podirk::weird..i watched the replay a couple dozen times and see a double bounce...  no you have no idea what you are talking about
Vallier11::he touched it before the backboard !!! replays showed it over and over!! good block, nuff said!
TayCarson::See but that's the thing buddy - he hit it before it hit the glass. Go watch the replay - I did several times and it was pretty apparent. You have no idea what you are talking about
Slimjimzv::Um. . Harden had the ball after that play.
podirk::uhmm....Harden had control after the block...and he is on the Thunder...  it also isn't legal to touch the ball after it touches the backboard
podirk::prior to the "bad call" which was correct it was heavily favoring portland...after the game hardens rape kit confirmed....
podirk::ouch that hurts...take it back.
Vallier11::it was not correct!!! sorry loser!!!
Agent - 0::There’s also circumstantial evidence that the wise guys were making a killing in Vegas off some of Foster’s games.  During the 2006-07 period under investigation, seven games refereed by Scott Foster had lopsided enough betting on one team to move the point spread by at least 2 points; those seven teams were undefeated against Vegas – meaning that the big-money gamblers won a 7 of 7 times on Foster’s games; the odds of that happening randomly are less than 1%.  Statistics alone cannot convict, but it’s certainly noteworthy that seven times in Foster’s games one team was bet extremely heavily, and all seven times that team won,” said RJ Bell of Pregame.com.
podirk::can't review an unreviewable play....rules is rules
podirk::I could go with last 2 minutes...
TayCarson::That's why it should only be reviewable in the last 2 minutes of a game. No other sport gets hurt by the refereeing like it does in basketball
podirk::i agree bad rule. but then every play is reviewed and the game is unwatchable
TayCarson::Doesn't take away from the fact that it is a bad rule
TayCarson::That was a pretty tough call, but the fact that Foster refused to review it after they reviewed 2 other close calls right before is a little suspect. You know David Stern isn't going to do anything though - he is a spineless commissioner that has let the refereeing in this league dictate way too many games by not enforcing any accountability.  The NBA game has become a mere shadow of what it used to be in the 90's, and much of it comes from poor refereeing - ticky-tack fouls, super-star preferential treatment, and inconsistent calls have really changed the game for the worse
Agent - 0::It was a concidence then, you must be Tim Donaghy...
Brianhau529::odds are less than 1%, doesn't mean it is impossible.
conlevis2::bad call....
podirk::I'm partial to bacon and eggs  but lately have been taken advantage of the new breakfast burritos at Sonic
TayCarson::.
podirk::I only eat breakfast food at sonic cause locally they got rid of the 3 things I enjoy partaking in....
hawaiianhonky::you are wise to sonic your mornings
hawaiianhonky::you had mexican for breakfast too?
TayCarson::Another example of incompetent refereeing in the NBA - they need to hold these refs accountable for their blatant mistakes. Doesn't take away from the fact that McMillan was again out-coached down the stretch... at some point all the injuries and excuses become irrelevant. The Blazers have a very solid team with an offensively-inept coach that fails to draw up effective plays in critical moments of the game
podirk::same with Scott Brooks  our offense is iso KD or Westbrook....  our end game stategy is 30 ft KD 3s
TayCarson::They are pretty similar teams in that regard - young and athletic with incompetent coaching. My problem with Nate McMillan is that he has no offensive creativity, horrible substitution patterns, and doesn't know how to close out a game. Great player coach, awful X's and O's guy.
podirk::The Blazers have a very solid team with an offensively-inept coach that fails to draw up effective plays in critical moments of the game  replace Blazers with Thunder and you have the general gripe from Thunder fans for a while now.
Agent - 0::Here is why the Blazers lost. Scott Foster. David Stern needs to do some house cleaning before government authorities have to step in like baseball. its a shame... In 2008 Tim Donaghy indicated that Scott Foster was a ref that also fixed games "Records show Donaghy placed 134 calls to referee Scott Foster — more than the 126 calls Donaghy made to his bookie — between October 2006 and April 2007, the period during which he's confessed to either betting on games or passing on game information to gamblers."  "The majority of the phone calls lasted no more than two minutes and occurred prior to and after games Donaghy officiated and on which he admits wagering."  Further reading:  http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,381842,00.html  http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/news/story?id=3684129  http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/2008/writers/chris_mannix/11/04/foster/  http://www.aolnews.com/2008/07/16/the-gambling-evidence-does-not-look-great-for-scott-foster-or-th/  http://www.truthaboutit.net/2010/03/nba-referee-scott-foster-still-in-the-game.html  FYI, following the betting lines on tonights game:   Vegas line:  Monday 10:00am OKC(+1.5)  Monday 11:30am OKC(+1.0)  Monday 2:30pm OKC(even)  Monday 5:30pm OKC(-1.0)  With the line jumping moving by 2.5 points in the 6 hours before the game, Vegas must have had a large amount of money being bet on OKC, justifying that line move.   At the same time, a large number of major online betting sites saw their lines jump the same 2.5 points right before the game.  SBGGLOBAL.com:  Monday 4:30pm OKC(+1.5)  Monday 5:24pm OKC(-1)  JustBet:  Monday 4:30pm OKC(+1)  Monday 5:14pm OKC(-1)  BetOnline:  Monday 2:00pm OKC(+1.5)  Monday 5:30pm OKC(-1.0)  BookMaker:  Monday 1:00pm OKC(+1.5)  Monday 5:45pm OKC(-1.0)  Good news for whoever bet that large amount of money before the game, as OKC managed to pull out the win...   * For the line moves: http://www.covers.com/sports/odds/linehistory.aspx?eventId=838230&amp;sport=nba
Agent - 0::Slim, you read the article. It was rigged dum dum
Slimjimzv::Then stop blaming the refs.
Agent - 0::I hate blaming the refs but read this article. How is Foster still an NBA ref????
scl1651::There were some bad calls and there were a lot of seriously bad no calls. All the shoulda, woulda, couldas aren't going to change nothing!
Brianhau529::Blazers are 15-10 right now and in 4th place in the west, oh yeah.... in the NBA when your team wins an L is on the schedule
lordrevanbane::Relativism doesn't work in the NBA... sorry.  But honestly, the only point that needs to be made is that if you rebound and get those extra possessions the Blazers win that game. We wouldn't have to be talking about a "gift call."   I'm a Thunder Fan for the record and to be reasonable I can't make heads or tails out of the call even in slow motion, and in my opinion the ref should have let it go.
podirk::I'm honestly trying to figure this out.....  NBA is rigged so everyone is 50/50?? Losses happen, the Blazers are fine???
hawaiianhonky::I'm salty because i'm tattooed....i guess
podirk::I'm not never gonna understand the reason to be salty
hawaiianhonky::He's salty, and a blazer fan...double negative
hawaiianhonky::huh?
Brianhau529::hah, the only reason why I asked is because brought up education first. Therefore by your logic you are unintelligent.
hawaiianhonky::The only people that question others intelligence are those that have little to none of it.
podirk::technically your education should have taught you the end of your last sentence should read "what is your highest education, high school?"
hawaiianhonky::I have a bachelors and am taking masters classes as we speak....not that it matters though simple grammar is a skill I have had for a while now.
Brianhau529::haha, pus.sy ain't hard to come to by mayne
Brianhau529::got it before u even said anything, anyways i'm sure u are highly educated, what your's highest education high school???? lol
podirk::team has already been talked about bro....3 things were decided  1. it was a goaltend 2. Thunder are still Conf champs with NBA leading record 3. it is the internet so calm down....do some yoga
hawaiianhonky::Nah, i'm pretty white....not sure what my tattoos have to do with anything....eharmony is better for checking out dudes though I'd suggest giving it a shot
Brianhau529::I just saw your pic bro, nice tats, u must be straight thuggin
hawaiianhonky::*their  you should waste your life trying to attain some success in life that allows you to bash another team....and get paid to do so.  I'd start with an English class.   nice edit
Brianhau529::haha I love watching people struggle in life on the internet, it's fairly entertaining, who the $@%! wastes their time attempting to bash a team???? People usually go on the this website to talk about their team.
hawaiianhonky::And with the first pick in the 2007 NBA draft the Blazers select............
hawaiianhonky::i second podirk's motion and see you a 19 in the W column for the Thunder
Brianhau529::hahaha, is the only satisfaction u have in life pointing out facts that have been known for 5 years on an internet site. You really have some cool stories bro
podirk::dumb troll is def not smart...hence the adj dumb
podirk::You turned the TV off to soon...  Ald got called for a tough goaltending call...went into OT and the Thunder won.  There however is question whether it was block or gtending...however game wouldn't have been over. If it was a block there were 6 seconds left and the Thunders Harden had it at midcourt...  think that sums it up
hawaiianhonky::Kind of like the Blazers front office? jordan and durant?????????????  who's the third gonna be?
Brianhau529::huh? dumb troll is dumb
Brianhau529::they $@%!$@% won that game the final score was 106-104.
hawaiianhonky::oh i get it now, don't blame the thunder or the refs blame oden....how's that pick working for you?
Agent - 0::How do I find out the names of the refs from last night, specifically the one who called the goaltending and wouldnt review the replay to verify he made a horrible call. Cost me $1K...
Agent - 0::THIS IS ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THE NBA. IT IS RIGGED AND BECAUSE OF IT AM READY TO GIVE UP MY LIFETIME FAN MEMBERSHIP UNTIL THEY CLEAN THIS UP. SCOTT FOSTER SHOULDNT EVEN BE IN THE LEAGUE, SEE BELOW. HE TOOK THE THUNDER!!!!  In 2008 Tim Donaghy indicated that Scott Foster was a ref that also fixed games "Records show Donaghy placed 134 calls to referee Scott Foster — more than the 126 calls Donaghy made to his bookie — between October 2006 and April 2007, the period during which he's confessed to either betting on games or passing on game information to gamblers."  "The majority of the phone calls lasted no more than two minutes and occurred prior to and after games Donaghy officiated and on which he admits wagering."  Further reading:  http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,381842,00.html  http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/news/story?id=3684129  http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/2008/writers/chris_mannix/11/04/foster/  http://www.aolnews.com/2008/07/16/the-gambling-evidence-does-not-look-great-for-scott-foster-or-th/  http://www.truthaboutit.net/2010/03/nba-referee-scott-foster-still-in-the-game.html  FYI, following the betting lines on tonights game:   Vegas line:  Monday 10:00am OKC(+1.5)  Monday 11:30am OKC(+1.0)  Monday 2:30pm OKC(even)  Monday 5:30pm OKC(-1.0)  With the line jumping moving by 2.5 points in the 6 hours before the game, Vegas must have had a large amount of money being bet on OKC, justifying that line move.   At the same time, a large number of major online betting sites saw their lines jump the same 2.5 points right before the game.  SBGGLOBAL.com:  Monday 4:30pm OKC(+1.5)  Monday 5:24pm OKC(-1)  JustBet:  Monday 4:30pm OKC(+1)  Monday 5:14pm OKC(-1)  BetOnline:  Monday 2:00pm OKC(+1.5)  Monday 5:30pm OKC(-1.0)  BookMaker:  Monday 1:00pm OKC(+1.5)  Monday 5:45pm OKC(-1.0)  Good news for whoever bet that large amount of money before the game, as OKC managed to pull out the win...   * For the line moves: http://www.covers.com/sports/odds/linehistory.aspx?eventId=838230&amp;sport=nba
Agent - 0::I need that refs name...
Brianhau529::Scott $@%!$@% Foster
scl1651::Read an article! It's in just about all of them.
hawaiianhonky::Shaniqua Bonqueefa  Willams-Tarver
podirk::barack obama
Agent - 0::I had OKC over Dallas last week. it was based on their road trip and being on the road against a good home team. They got screwed we all know that...KD got a call only Jordan could get...
podirk::watch it...KG put KD and Jordan in the same sentence and it cost him some money...have we not learned our lesson?
podirk::I'm sorry I think you mean called the goaltend (whether right or wrong) and  couldn't review it because it is not a reviewable play....  1k...that's no bueno
hawaiianhonky::Well that's what you get for betting against the thunder, you cost yourself 1k
PaLmZeY::wtf?? they gave westbrooks block with 6 sec left to daequan cook?????????
podirk::well I'll be danged, that is an outrage, clearly the only blemish on an otherwise perfect game
podirk::i knew the highlight said that...but didn't check the box score...
johnnytwojay::portland  was  lucky just to be  winning   the  game  should not  even have been  that close the thunder  were  controlling  the entire  game  and the no  calls  for  obvoius fouls by  batuum changed the  game  he  was mugging  westbrook and durant   so  give  over it and  get  ready for the next  game  portland is 13-11 and  should  be  more  worried about making the playoffs than a  lost to the  thunder if the playoff  started today they  would not even  qualify
johnnytwojay::they are  not  fourth in the  west   okc,la clips san antonio den utah  la  houston and  dallas   so yes like  i said  if  the  playoffs started today they would  not  even make  it  so airkajack  you get  a  clue!!
airkajack1305::What an idiot statement....they are 4th in the West. The Blazers beat you guys at home and should have won last nights game due to a horrible call....get a clue!!!
AndySportsB::Blazers season is over
58rhodes::pretty much
T8ke_A_Picture::Was it goal tending or was the Blazer not attending to score a goal.
58rhodes::Blazers were out rebounded I agree but that play was a bad call
58rhodes::Definitely  not goal tending
podirk::That seems the only explanation. I too was rooting for harbough bowl...
podirk::I agree...no gold was tended in this game
hawaiianhonky::sustained haha
58rhodes::its early, i just got up
hawaiianhonky::so he's a 49er fan?
podirk::i think he meant gold panning
hawaiianhonky::How do you even tend gold?  I'm confused
hawaiianhonky::How mad are Blazer fans that not only did you pass on Jordan but they made the same mistake with Durant?  I was cheering for the second pick so bad that year.
natesweet72::Did anyone else think that Durant looked like he was unsure if that was a goaltend or not. The look on his face after was one that looked like he thought it was a block. He was pretty reserved considering the magnitude of the play.
podirk::sarcasm nate, sarcasm  I couldn't decide whether he was laughing at stadium reaction or 'ill take it' that too is a tough call
podirk::but he would call no fouls for he is a gracious player
hawaiianhonky::He would play whatever position and call his own fouls.  The refs have no jurisdiction over him
natesweet72::Tebow would be an NBA ref. It would give him more control over games that way.
podirk::naturally, what position would Tebow play? or would we even need anyone else on the court?/
hawaiianhonky::hahaha, and tebow has to be in any deal for KD
podirk::exactly....he must have got a promise from FO that they are trading KD before trade deadline...
hawaiianhonky::yea they hate each other so much that Westbrook signs a 5 year deal 2 weeks ago
natesweet72::That was mocking westbrook? Durant is turrible at mocking people. I hope those two hurt each other.
hawaiianhonky::That's about the only hope the rest of the league has, they're gonna be a force for a long time to come
podirk::he was clearly mocking russell westbrook rubbing it in that he is the #1.....  they don't like eachother haven't you heard?
ChimeraLycan::i saw it. it looked like he just saying "i'll take it and i'm going to keep my mouth shut".
BlazersWar::" I don't think one call is a difference-maker." - Scott Brooks Of course it made a difference, idiot! Otherwise there would not have been an OT, what a fool he makes out of himself. ... and btw  Durant is full of sh#t too, just admit you was lucky you self-complacent lil golden boy of the NBA.
scl1651::Harden was being raped by Batum most of the 4th Qtr with NO calls!!! The points Harden would have made from free throws would have made the goaltend a moot point. The Thunder got screwed by the refs too. So goaltend or not, Thunder earned that win!!!
podirk::self complacent?????   Brooks is right in that you don't win or lose because of one play.. I get your point though  However there was still 6 seconds and if it was a block Harden has a rb at midcourt.
hawaiianhonky::hahaha, it's ok at least you picked him over Oden...oh wait nevermind
Talkin_Loud_Aint_Saying_Nothin::Someone at Buffalo Wild Wings pushed the overtime button.
podirk::youtu.be/dSlykYoM260  there's a youtube video of the worst call ever
natesweet72::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMgi4F4q-gs Everybody just watch it some more. There is no double kiss of the back board. Aldridge initiate's the balls contact with the glass.
podirk::I watched it a dozen times after it happened and a dozen before replying....guess all this proves is it was a tough questionable call either way
podirk::tried that...I do not see 100 thou sitting beside my computer.  but really...I've watched dang near 40-50 times...Ald starts swinging to swat, ball bounces, ball is swatted....  it happens in fraction of a second
Talkin_Loud_Aint_Saying_Nothin::I think it proves you see what you want to see.
podirk::There is so obviously a double bounce...
natesweet72::Just watched it 4 times again. I disagree 100% with you.
spotchester::Scott Foster didn't lose the game for Portland, but it should be noted that as he got the call 100% wrong he gyrated and called attention to himself like a $@%!$@% clown.  Go home and tell your children about your horrible day at the office Scott.  But hey, you got your name in the paper, right?  $@%!$@% useless $@%!$.
hawaiianhonky::Goaltend or not the fact is that the Blazers still had 6 seconds to win the game and an entire OT period but failed to do so.  Stop blaming the refs and maybe throw some blame Batum's way or Lamarcus.  All them points but nothing in the OT = bum
hawaiianhonky::hahaha same here...Bottom line is officiating in the NBA will always be terrible.  Hawaii is way better
natesweet72::Well, I mean. I need enough money to have two homes separated by a large amount of ocean.
hawaiianhonky::Meh, it's more feasible on other islands, Oahu is always gonna be expensive
natesweet72::thanks. But luck probably wont be enough. I'll need a bunch of money too.
hawaiianhonky::Good luck haha....i'll die there just gotta wait it out.  I'm always checking my options trying to get back there.
natesweet72::I have been scheming on how to get a place there for 4-5 months of the year.
hawaiianhonky::Not Kauai but I grew up in Pearl City
hawaiianhonky::Hahaha i used to live through all of the seahawks, mariners, sonics losses there...it does make it a lot easier to deal with that is for sure
natesweet72::I was in Kaua'i in January last year. Watched my Bears lose in the NFCCG from my condo 200ft from the beach. If only I could experience all my team's losses from the comfort of such a beautiful place.
natesweet72::I am losing interest in arguing and gaining interest in day dreaming about Hawaii.
natesweet72::I am not going to blame the loss on that one call. It is just one of the pieces that added up to a loss. The lack of rebounding and fast break points hurt a lot more. It would have been nice to win in regulation right there but it also would have been nice for the Blazers to be up by 10 which would have been possible if the Blazers were rebounding like they normally do.
tcoble69::This was an awesome game to watch. Great win for the Thunder. Was not a bad call at end of regulation, ball touched the glass then blocked, check the rules thats goaltending, sorry bout ya Blazer/Sonic fans. Who else wanted to punch the Seattle fans sitting behind the Thunder bench? Not our fault your city didnt support the franchise in the end.
tcoble69::i can see where Seattle is  pretty butt hurt from losing them considering how far the franchise has come. Just not a fan of seeing the fans in the background throwing their Sonic gear in pure hatred of the Thunder. Seattle needs a team so they can take have all their accomplishments the Sonics brought back and the Thunder franchise can start their official records at the start of the 09 season and not have to hear franchise records held by players that was clearly a different franchise.
hawaiianhonky::Yea, Durant and Collison
natesweet72::Don't you guys still have at least one player from the Sonics team? Hard to forget they are the same team with him around.
spotchester::it was a bad call.  Your eyes are $@%!$@ up, son.
podirk::nate...I agree 100% and was a Sonic fan living in OK since I was young.  however OKC hate from Sea is totally uncalled for...Clay and Aubrey sure.  Only problem I have with SonicGate people behind bench is they were cheering for the Blazers...really your conf rival and your cheering for them. I couldn't do it team or no team.
natesweet72::I would be okay with the Kings coming up to Seattle. California has enough basketball without the Kings.
podirk::no doubt, I would be too.  they will have the Kings soon enough
natesweet72::@Podirk, perhaps they were a bit misguided rooting for the Blazers but they are still very devastated by the whole fiasco.
natesweet72::@tcoble , your attitude about Seattle fans is way off. They totally supported their team there. The loved that team. The owner screwed the fans on that one and for some reason Thunder fans are happy believing the Sonics fans deserved it. Maybe it makes it easier for you guys to pretend that but the harsh attitude form Thunder fans toward Sonic fans is totally uncalled for. You would be pissed if your team gets taken from you.
natesweet72::I was hoping to do something technical in a place like Germany or Japan. But it was the first Gulf War and they wanted me to go to the desert and fight over oil. Maybe it was being fresh out of HS and not wanting to go to war or maybe it was that I knew the whole thing(Gulf War) was a sham. But I changed my mind before I was locked in.
hawaiianhonky::i was an F-16 mechanic, was gonna do special forces but damn tornado hit the day i had to take my swim test and i missed out.
natesweet72::Cool. I once wanted to be a military man. When they were trying to recruit me though they wanted me to be a sniper and I am sort of against shooting people in general.
hawaiianhonky::Nah i joined the military out of high school did my six years and kind of just ended up here.  Got a job offer here i couldn't turn down
natesweet72::What's in Omaha? You a truck driver?
hawaiianhonky::I'm in omaha right now and it's pretty similar, OKC has pretty similar weather but i think they are at higher risk for tornadoes
natesweet72::I guess when you have just one pro team people will come and watch the games. Just got to hope some freak Oklahoma Tornadoes don't wipe the whole thing off the map. I have a close friend in Oklahoma and it sounds like the weather is the most chaotic in the country.
hawaiianhonky::yea, they make more money because they are finally putting together a team like the Sonics used to be, probably better.  Plus that arena in OKC is costing a lot less than being in Seattle.  Clay bennett is smart but a $@%!$ none the less.
natesweet72::I have a hard time believing the franchise is making any more money in OKC but they might be. It is a shame they were not able to get a new arena in Seattle because I liked there being another team near by that made it possible for me to go to away games.
hawaiianhonky::I was a sonics fan and am now a thunder fan...i figured it's not the players fault and I do not like Clay Bennett at all.  The city of Seattle should have done a little more in terms of getting a stadium for them but Clay didn't work with them at all.  Oh and Nate Mcmillian is just as bad F that guy
hawaiianhonky::The city did support them, Clay Bennett was set on taking them to OKC and the key arena was a dump...Seattle will have a team again someday
Logicalfan1::Im sure all you OKC fans think that ball hit the glass first. Clearly it did not. Great WIN for Portland 103-101 in regulation. HORRIBLE call by the ref. Aldridge amazing block. We all watched it in slow mo Aldridge knocked it into the Glass. Yes it was merely an inch away if that but he touched the ball first. Portland won the game in Regulation. 103-101 and if the NBA had any class what so ever. They'd review that play and overturn the results of the game. But they don't
podirk::sigh....again...no one is arguin that the ball was on the backboard.  The double bounce would be hitting the backboard twice...a bounce does not equal a swat o-physics-professor
Logicalfan1::The double bounce, as in off his hand then off the back board hence the the reason for the ball traveling so far towards the back court. See they call that Physics...
podirk::Even if everything you said was true, there was still 6 secs left and it would have been OKC ball.  No one is argueing that Ald hit the ball when it was off the backboard (obv from the ball taking off to half court) however the double bounce makes it look like it hit the backboard first...hence the call.
chooch0706::out rebounded by 20 in your owe house!!!!!!!!!
spotchester::And you still needed a gift call to win.  Kill yourself.
natesweet72::that was indeed turrible.
fast.33::I think his spelling is turrible
tboneosu1::I watched the replay in slo-mo a few times and could clearly see the ball hit glass before he grazed the ball with his fingertips. I think the ball was still technically moving upwards after hitting the glass but that is the rule, if it hits glass you can't touch it. Easy call. The only problem I have is that it took so long to call and the ref furthest from the play called it, making it look like he didn't actually know if it was right. It was clearly and absolutely the correct call though.  If I were the ref watching it live I would have called it a block, but I would have been wrong.
natesweet72::I guess it just goes to show how differently people can see things. I see a two inch gap between the ball and glass. I see Aldridge close that gap with the block. But like I said, the Blazers had many troubles closing out that game against a very good team. They could have been more in command but were not. It is how it goes sometimes. Having watched the same replays as you guys I have a different opinion on that play.
tboneosu1::This is just a fan analysis, but I agree with this guy completely and didn't find this article until after making my decision: http://sports.yahoo.com/nba/news?slug=ycn-10933536
podirk::I only watched a few replays but it looked like the ball hit the backboard once from durant putting it there and next from the block/goaltend. Tough call either way but def not the reason the Thunder won this one.
tboneosu1::You don't see his fingers move back from the contact with the ball until after the ball has changed trajectory from going off glass. Not sure what you are watching. I know it is a little confusing that the ball was moving upward, and it was, but again that is the rule.
podirk::I don't think anyone is arguing that Ald didn't hit the ball into the backboard...obviously since it went flying into midcourt there was space for momentum. The question is did the ball hit the backboard to create that space, or straight from Durants hand? The double bounce points towards goaltend.
natesweet72::His hand and the ball moves toward the glass after Aldridge makes contact with the ball. The only way for that to happen is if there is space in between the backboard and the ball before Aldridge hits it. I am not confused and their is nothing tricky about it. It is plain as day on my TV.
tboneosu1::I retract my statement of "Easy call." It was hard, but right.
natesweet72::You need glasses. If it had hit the glass first then it would be impossible for it to move the couple inches toward the backboard when Aldridge blocks it. But the ball clearly changes direction toward the glass upon contact with Aldridge's hand. Visible on several angles. It is still in an upward arc and Aldridge clearly makes it contact the glass with his hand. You are one of about 3 people who seem to think this from the videos shown.
brob715::27 personal fouls called against the Thunder, 17 personal fouls against the Blazers. Batum was mugging Durant and Harden on the defensive end and flopping like a girl every damn play. The Thunder were not getting any calls the entire game and everyone just looks at one VERY tight goaltending call to place the blame. The game was decided in OT and the better team won.
hawaiianhonky::I used to like Batum a little before this game, typical European player though floppin around and whining after every call.
C2Poke88::I'm not a Blazers fan but they got jobbed.  It is baffling that the refs would not even consider reviewing the play.  That play was the difference between a Blazers win in regulation or the game going into OT.  It was a HUGE deal.  Why wouldn't the refs take a 2nd look at the play to make sure they got it right?
podirk::at least you only lost .30 cents
chooch0706::mother $@%!$@% refs costed me 3 dimes
rockhunter45::Blazers wouldn't have needed that call if they had shot better from both the field and the line plus rebounded better. The call was huge because they didn't produce better. Its as much their own fault as any possible bad call
Slimjimzv::1. The call was very close.  Heck, people watching the reply over and over in slo-mo can't seem to come to a consensus.  The ref called goaltending because that's what he thought it was.  And he may have been right.  I can't tell no matter how many times I watch it. 2. The Blazers don't "win the game" without that call.  The Thunder have the ball with 5 seconds left.
hawaiianhonky::Harden also attacks the basket pretty good and Ibaka is a decent offensive player.  The Blazers have NO ONE that can attack the basket like the thunder, you talk about my bias yet fail to see your own.
C2Poke88::hawaiinhonky - Most of what you say is just your opinion.  The only "fact" you produced is that the Thunder was called for more fouls.  Then you give your biased opinion as to why that happened.  Maybe the Thunder players were called for more fouls because the Blazers have more players that are difficult to guard.  Outside of Westbrook &amp; Durant (who mostly shoots jumpers), the Thunder don't have anyone that can attack a defense until they bring Harden in off the bench.  ALL of the Thunder big men or good defensively, but suck @ss offensively.  So it shouldn't be a surprise that the Blazers would end up with more FT attempts.
natesweet72::Batum is playing with a bum knee. I am not sure why they passed it to him to close out the game. With three guys between him and the rim it was an iffy prospect at best. Especially since Batum is not a go to guy in the paint. I definitely had to question that choice. But as to why he did not put more into it, I think it is the bum knee. He was not elevating all night so i assume it was bothering him.
podirk::weird...hon ky....
hawaiianhonky::I'm not saying they got shafted i'm saying that the refs made more bad calls in Portlands favor that is all it just so happened the bad call that went OKC's way was at the end of the game.  You say i'm crying but that's all you have done today about the goaltend, bottom line if Batum wasn't such a clown he'd have made that layup or dunked it instead he tried to be fancy and got swatted by the best PG in the NBA
podirk::$@%!$ aint talking bout the no calls...obviously talkin bout the calls
natesweet72::The Thunder may not have been flopping but they got away with plenty of contact all night. So quit yer crying. There was nothing unbalanced about the officiating in that game . It was equally bad for both teams. If you think the Thunder only had one call go their way you are too much of a homer to interact with other team's fans. This disparity in free throws was four shots. Nothing really to complain about. Oh, and flopping is not a foul. But making contact even without knocking a player to the ground certainly. The way to look at that game is it was hard fought with both teams making errors and the team who was able to make shots in OT won. But to act like OKC got shafted during that game is weak sauce buddy.
hawaiianhonky::They called 10 more fouls on OKC...Batum should have fouled out....twice.  I know every team flops but did you see the thunder flop at all last night?  I don't think I did and I know westbrook got fouled 3 or 4 times going to the basket that didn't result in points.  The thunder got one questionable call go their way while the Blazers had the benefit of the refs the entire night
C2Poke88::hawaiinhonky, you're just being petty now.  There is a huge difference between charging/blocking calls which are often judgment calls that can go either way, and an  OBVIOUSLY good shot-block mysteriously called a goal-tend at the end of the game.
natesweet72::hawaiian , you were not watching closely if you believe that. The Thunder got plenty of no calls. Both teams did all game. The refs could have called plenty more fouls on both teams. And flopping is something every team does so give it a break.
hawaiianhonky::So do we give the refs a pass on all the Batum and Wallace flops as well?  Blazers go 10 calls, Thunder got 1
C2Poke88::No - the call was huge because it was at the end of regulation.  Despite all those things you knock the Blazers for, they still had the lead and would have won in regulation if not for a bogus goal-tending call.  Hell, BOTH TEAMS could have done things better in that game.  Don't give the refs a pass for failing to do their jobs.  If the ref had not seen goal-tending where it did not exist, the Blazers win the game.  What they could have done earlier in the game is irrelevant at that point.
natesweet72::it's true it would be no question if the Blazers had played slightly better and had a comfortable lead. But that is how NBA games go sometimes. And just because a team is in a tight game does not mean they deserve to have the refs job them and give points to the other team.
hawaiianhonky::I think they can only review out of bounds plays, if they start reviewing goaltending they're gonna have to review fouls and everything else
T8ke_A_Picture::The Blazers were out rebounded by 17 shot poorer than the Thunder, had more FTs, Thunder had more fouls called on them and you telling me that the Blazers lost because a so called goal tend?Failblazers sure do have excuses and don't look at the real problems.
natesweet72::And yes there are a lot of reasons the game was so close that the goal tend call could be considered a weak reason as to why the Blazers lost but it was the last reason during regulation that the Blazers lost. It was a terrible call. That said, the Blazers were playing one of the leagues best teams and were struggling with their shots late in the game. That is a bad time to be struggling against a team as good as the Thunder. While that last play was in a sense handing something to OKC, and it likely would have resulted in a Blazers win, there are other reason besides the bogus foul that the Blazers lost. In the Big Picture. But in the short run that Bogus call did prevent the Blazers from getting a W. The big picture was their rebounding was terrible and OKC was a tad more aggressive. The Blazers really needed Feltons energy.
C2Poke88::Picking select stats to give the impression the Blazers were out-played doesn't change the fact that the Blazers had the game won if not for a bogus call.  All that crap you posted doesn't matter.  The Blazers had the lead and earned a victory in regulation if the refs had not made a horrible goal-tending call.  The Blazers obviously did a lot of things very well if they had the lead with only 6 seconds remaining in regulation.  The Thunder did not earn the opportunity they got in OT to win that game.  The sad thing is that the refs could have easily corrected their mistake if they cared enough to go to the video and verify the call.
podirk::If the call was block...not goal tend Harden had the rebound at midcourt. 6 secs and Thunder ball
C2Poke88::He didn't get him up top, but he got him with his hip down low.
hawaiianhonky::Westbrook didn't even touch him, now you're reaching
C2Poke88::And there was a lot of contact by Westbrook on that block.  For the refs to call a bogus goal-tend on one end, and swallow their whistles on that Westbrook foul at the end, is pretty questionable stuff.
natesweet72::No the Blazers had it and failed to score with the six seconds on the clock. Durants dunk missed and the Blazers rebounded it but it was called as two points. No doubt they could have played better in OT. My point is still valid. A tight game is still a game and no team deserves to have points handed to them. The Blazers lost, but it was not exactly fair and square the way it happened. They could have a win and there would be no questionable plays associated with that.
hawaiianhonky::I thought the thunder got the ball after he goaltended, i can't remember though....regardless Batum had a clear lane to win it and Westbrook blocked him it's not like they still didn't have a chance, plus they could have played better in OT
natesweet72::refs are the reason the Blazers did well? What the hell does that mean?
T8ke_A_Picture::Refs are the reason the Blazers did well r3tard!
natesweet72::@hawaiihonky, The Blazers would have had the ball with a 2 point lead and six seconds on the clock if it were not called a goal tend. Likely the Blazers would have won.
hawaiianhonky::didn't the thunder get the ball after the goaltend anyway?  They would have had another shot
rockhunter45::That is the lament of every team that loses ... "it was the refs" ... posting factual statistics won't alter their thinking
