trademarktaz::PISTONS WIN! GTFO BLAZERS
rc021363::Portland should let Will Barton play more.  He made 12 pts. in only 21 minutes.  If Barton played most of the game, he would be in the mid 20's, which would mean more wins.
266Joe::Been using this betting system called sportsbettingstar for the past couple of months now. i make about $2,000 to $3,000 a month profit by following the systems picks. You can find this system on google by searching for sports betting systems.
LBJ6-DETROIT-313.....::DEEEEEEEEETROIT BASKETBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAL
TigerMichLion111::Well the pistons are only 4 games back of a playoff spot!
DucksRUNpac12-v2.0::lol basing a fan base off of their followers on ESPN 140's? seems about right. How many straight sellouts has the Rose Garden seen?
amiller244::Wow...the Blazers road struggles have really gotten out of control, can't even beat a 3-11 team? Watch us give the Wizards their first win on Wednesday.
amiller244::The only positive was Barton finally got some minutes and played well. Maybe he'll finally be the bench guy that steps up.
amiller244::Wow...the Blazers road struggles have gotten out of control, can't beat a 3-11 team? Watch us give the Wizards their first win on Wednesday.
cha cha chia-::Portland is terrible!
Kobelies247::Going to be a VERY long road trip!
funtorun26::kyle singler representing DUKE!
DukieBruce58::Why is Singler called the Bucket Man?
Jrange378::Hes been posting some crazy videos of him making trick shots at various famous spots in Detroit.
CandySparker::Knight's nice night
brehmevan::Damian Lillard will never lead a team to a championship because like Russell Westbrook, he looks for the shirt before looking to pass.
EasyWind004::He looks for the jersey or a dress shirt?
torrtis::So is Lillard developing into a chucker ala Russell Westbrook?
ffstudios::More Leonard and less Hickson please. Unless the plan is to tank for the lottery, then play Hickson 48
ffstudios::I mean lets be serious in our conference we probably have THE worst of all starting centers. Even the lowly Kings have cousins. I just think making your future center ride pine when your the worst, just translates to season tanking, really no other explanation.
ffstudios::That's also +8 in 21 minutes so had he been starting +16, which usually means you blew the team out. I really don't mind them taking the season though for a pick or two, with or without him in, they got holes to fill before they are elite.
ffstudios::Leonard +8 Hickson -12
ffstudios::Blazers D is sad without Leonard in the middle. Teams just carve them up for 110 every night. Only part of Hicksons game that has been better than Leonard is the boards. Other than that Leonard puts him to shame in every fashion. Better mid range shot, better down low scoring, and far far better defensively
Kobelies247::Wasnt JJ out for the suns game?  How many did we lose by?
sk0dawgs::if they're gonna tank, which is not a bad idea, they should play leonard so he gets better and makes the team better
Kobelies247::Hickson is better than Leonard lol
CBass1317::I think if the plan was to tank, you would play Leonard and not care about the growing pains.
Kobelies247::Portland is a very sad team.....
Kobelies247::hahaha~
sk0dawgs::and sad fans
sk0dawgs::at least the timbers beat the sounders this year
Kobelies247::Tends to happen when YOU DONT WIN!
dwighthowardsamazing::Portlands starting 5 is amazing but no one on the bench I say put 1 or 2 of your really good starters play them off the bench and now good starting lineup better bench
dwighthowardsamazing::So bench Kevin love Blake griffin David lee because they are better at scoring and rebounding than defense?... Dumbasss
ffstudios::Stats don't mean wins, defensively liable. He was -12 today. It's not just your stats, it's the other teams stats when your on the floor. Hickson is not making it hard for opposing paint scoring.
dwighthowardsamazing::Oh and hickson stinks a double double stinks anyone averaging it on my team would be cut (even if it is a baby one 10-10)
dwighthowardsamazing::Lillard off the bench not because he doesn't deserve to start but because the bench needs help and what better way to do it than putting a good point guard there
dwighthowardsamazing::Slightly inconsistent is better than 0 production like everyone on the bench
Kobelies247::Lillard comes off the bench? lol thats a good one...
ffstudios::Hickson stinks and Batum is inconsistent Start Leonard can't really do anything with Batum until draft day. He'd be a solid 6th man, but he's not a starter
dwighthowardsamazing::I don't know probably lillard and hickson and look at the stats the starting 5 is really good and the bench nothing
Kobelies247::And what 2 players would you bring off the bench?
Kobelies247::Amazing?  You just lost to the PISTONS!  Nothing about this team is AMAZING
127decibels::What is up with the attendance in Detroit?  That was - sad.
Sterling8673::WIN and they will come. LOSE and they will go.  They're gone!
Kobelies247::Portland will be next ENJOY
KyleFromWork::Kyle Singler.. hahahaha nice
Sterling8673::When I saw the Pistons were playing the Blazers at home tonight, I pulled out my 1990 NBA Finals tapes to watch Isiah Thomas just take Terry Porter to school and drop him off at Day Care.
Sterling8673::The Pistons would be smart to go with this lineup of young guys and play the vets off the bench to build continuity for the future with the youngsters.  PG-Brandon Knight-hire someone like Mike James as a assistant coach to teach him how to be a effective point guard.  SG-Kim English-this guy is a shooter and can stretch the court, is very athletic and can get to the foul line often.  C-Andre Drummond-the future of the franchise falls on how this guy is developed. This is why someone like Bill Laimbeer would be the perfect coach to work with his skills and toughness.  SF-Kyle Singler-this is the one player that can space the floor because he can shoot, has great range and has the size to bang on the boards. He is a former Final Four MOP national champion who is tough as hell.  PF-Greg Monroe-the guy stauffs the stat sheet passing, rebounding and scoring. I would like to see him get meaner and tougher defensively.  Bench-Stuckey, Jerebko and the big Riussian MFer.  All of the other players get rid of them and trade to winning teams who need vets to help them win titles and get a draft pick of a proven vet for leadership. Coach-get rid of Franks and hire Laimbeer. GM-if Dumars cannot figure this out, send him packing and steal OKC's or Memphis' assistant GM.
denn19641::Started as the worst team in the league, then worst team in the division and now are half a game ahead of Cavs and Raps. Stones are 4-3 after an ow ate start.
JimDetroitFan95::Defense Detroit, defense.
Dadsterbug::Lillard had an off night...it made the difference as the Blazers have too few go to guys this year!
Dadsterbug::Batum?   Not hardly...30 pts one night &amp; 13 the next 4...
Rip_City27::Hes starting to become a go too player though I dont get how you can argue that hes averaging nearly 19 a game, yes he is sometimes inconsistent but he has definitely been a bright spot this season
Dadsterbug::Besides LA...you're right!
Rip_City27::Batum
Kobelies247::Few? LOL!!!! WE HAVE NONE!!!!!!!!!!!
127decibels::"We"?   Are you serious?
JimDetroitFan95::Brandon has been told to think shoot.  I love it.
zach strauch::Good game tonight Detroit. I still love you guys even after all of these years. Hope fully this shows what we are capable of. GO PISTONS!
Kobelies247::It shows you can beat the Blazers @ home! LOL omg.......
Kobelies247::Batum is TRASH! Send him PACKING!!!!!!
127decibels::Just the fact that you think Batum's trash is, in and of itself a great reason to keep him.
Kobelies247::Still mad the crappy DUCKS lost? Sniff sniff
2215Tommy::I'm starting to see change.  I like it.  The Pistons are starting to play with a swagger.   And all the Pistons fans who are cheering your team on tonight.  Remember this.   When they are good again and when other fans start calling us out as bandwagoners.  Jumping on when the going is good.  We know that we have truly supported them through the thick and thin.
Kobelies247::You beat Portland idiot....
JimDetroitFan95::Keep shooting the rock, Brandon.
JimDetroitFan95::Nice job Detroit.  Prove you are better than your record.
bamberg1977::Man Blazers put so much in to drafts trying to get a good center and the best big they got was the one who was supposed to be soft PF.
Dadsterbug::Don't put Oden in that bunch...he's a wuss!  Much too fragile to play in this League.  We saw that even before the draft...but you know the Blazer brass...they'll kiss up to Allen no matter how hard it hits the team...and the fans..
bamberg1977::Well that Tyrus Thomas for Aldridge sure worked out.
2215Tommy::the blazers have had it rough.  Its actually kind of a sad story.   I mean Brandon Roy, Aldridge, and Oden.  If those guys were all healthy they would have a beast team.
JimDetroitFan95::The Pistons are better than their record.
2215Tommy::Nice win for Pistons.  Alot of problems still need adressing. They cannot continue to have these 4th quarter free falls.  They are lucky that they had a big enough lead on Portland to recover from.  Can't keep happening. Nice game by everybody today.   Also is it just me or does Knight seem to be playing better ball.  He seems more confident.
Sterling8673::2 assists against 5 turnovers for your starting point guard?  Not good for a starting NBA point guard.
jdoane926::They were only outscored by 2 in the 4th.
88Taron::vote monroe all star all the way.
2215Tommy::he has my vote
Philip3664::Yeah...last 3 games he has picked it up alot. Looking to score more and his decision making has been better
2215Tommy::yea definitely a difference
Detroit Everything::alright, 1 more win and we beat last year's start lol
JamesZhou13::bulls collapse in 3...2...1...
Dadsterbug::Believe it or not...this is the most points (20) scored by our bench so far this season...
Rsp2008::one in a row Pistons..3 in a row at home
t casey::Good game, Portland fans. Aldridge was a beast as usual for you guys. Biggest difference was probably the Knight-Lillard matchup.
JimDetroitFan95::Nice win Detroit.
Dadsterbug::Over half the Blazers are rookies or 1 year bench warmers...we saw this coming.  It's gonna be like a few years ago...everybody lining up to get well playing the Blazers.
Rsp2008::20 and 10...
bamberg1977::Hard to believe. Just goes to show how good he could be when he starts shooting a little. All those forced misses
feeldabern::is this a hole w matthews realy an nab guard mssing fts left and right. what a joke
Philip3664::7 in double figures for the Pistons. Nice balanced scoring tonight
jaykel0621::Ugh Blazers why cut it to 6 and then quit?
bamberg1977::We're paying this guy 1.0 million a year for the next 3 years. Take a bow, Joe  K. Singler 16 Pts, 10 Reb, 5 Ast, 2 Stl, 1 Blk
Sterling8673::HE GOT BUCKETS!
Rsp2008::he has already earned his pay
Boshingtang::You can tell the blazers are going no where when they can't beat detroit
2215Tommy::hey bro you can't knock them around too much. Detroit almost beat OKC.  We knocked out Boston.   These Pistons aren't your average bad team.  They need to fix a lot of holes but when they do they will be a good team.
Detroit Everything::i love how people use this as a measurement.
OnThePuck::Next they'll be losing to the wizards
TigerMichLion111::82-29 OKC over charlotte at one point...LOLOLOLOL WTF!!!
elakiri::really ? didn't notice it. thought they were better this year
Philip3664::Whoa
Rsp2008::Monroe...20 and 9 rebs
TheJTram::Gotta finish strong on the right end of the game
