Rjohnson19::why do the lakers have 5 SF's and none of them should start in the NBA on a high level team like the Lakers
91Gmoney9009::The Hawks last 5 or 6 games have been painful to watch. Joe Johnson has completely fallen off the face of the Earth. He goes from averaging 22 points per game last year, to what 16 or 17 this year? What a load of crap. They need to just demolish the whole team except for Teague and Ivan Johnson.
JPOUNDCAKE::Hawks under achieving again. So painful to watch sometimes. Like everyone is stoned out there. Put the chronic down Joe and practice more. Josh Smith, the reason u are not an all star is because you refuse to play to your strength. Are you in denial? Pathetic display. I guess you guys were start struck with Kobe and his all time laker greatness. Your fans expect a better effort. your all millionaires. FN play like it.
mark35345::Not to take away anything from the victory - but the game looked fixed. The Hawks didn't even try. I know they're not very good - but they looked like the worst 18-10 team ever last night. So we beat an old Boston team and a Hawk team that shot like crap - doesn't mean anything.
rhowe982::Amazing what happens for the Lakers when Kobe doesn't take 30 shots. Lakers win and Gasol and Bynum were lucky enough and Kobe nice enough to share the ball. Kobe it would be nice if you can have more points than shots though! Imagine how many games the Lakers could have won this year if Kobe wasn't jacking up garbage from space. By the way it does help to have more assist (4) than turnovers (5) Kobe but we won't count that against you because you actually had more than one assist. 5 for 18 with 10 points. Whew, there is the leading scorer of the NBA
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::Clowns..  Kobe wasnt overshooting last year, we had more talent &amp; got swept in the playoffs
DSeel23::If Kobe learned and understood this the Lakers would be a dominant force in the West
purple and gold 4ever::I can't help if it is worth trading both Gasol and Bynum just to get Dwight Howard playing for L A. Defensively, Howard has the edge BUT offensively both Gasol and Bynum have better moves in the paint than Howard. What the lakers really need is a better playmaker possibly a point guard who can utilize the talents of those two guys. Buss and Kupchak needs to add some depth in their line-up .Assuming that L A ends up trading both Gasol and Bynum for Howard. lakers pray that come summer, Nets Deron William signs-up  with the team.
xmanfolife::No matter what seed the Laker's end up they're still gonna b a tough out for anybody who plays them.
elibeme::ya are you high? Lakers will be there come play offs, Kobe knows it might be his last shot
rhowe982::Are you serious the Lakers are old they are one and done.
24wildhunter::dallas won last season! are u serious?
xmanfolife::Not a Hawks fan but why does Josh Smith settle for jump shots where he's barely average instead of getting to the paint where he usually does his best damage attacking the rim? Marvin Williams is a 6"9" 245lb athletic forward who doesn't play n the paint &amp; he's an average perimeter at best.....that's Atlanta main problem there.....
JPOUNDCAKE::well said.
Paul96857::Yeah it was back when Ricky Nattiel played over there. Lin was there too. http://bit.ly/xGmF3d
Qzhoopin72::No matter what the Lakers do, the first thing KObe critics always do is go straight to the box score to see what his FG shooting stats were!! Pure comedy, even after 16 years of a successful NBA career!! If he shoots bad and they win, then his teammates "bailed him out"....if they lose "he shot the team out of the game".... Last night, pure &amp; simple, the Lakers played lockdown defense and dominated the boards....THAT'S why they won!! It's not always about what Kobe does or doesn't do!
DSeel23::But if the Lakers win It's because Kobe is a great facilitator and pure player, if they lose Kobe doesn't have anyone on his team to help him out
xmanfolife::That's why Kobe has jewelry bcuz it's a team game...
-whoa-::lol out of so many times that kobe bailed out LA with his high shot attempt, and they win once when he shoots less and now everyone wants kobe to stop shooting, if kobe stops shooting this team wont make the playoffs. Kobes teammates made shots last night when they needed to so kobe didnt mind shooting a little bit less but when they have those games where nobody is making shots, then kobe needs to shoot 25+ times or they would get killed. clearly the lakers are one of the best teams and hard to beat when they are at home but on the road everything changes and nobody makes shots except kobe.
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::I agree 100%
-whoa-::i watched nearly every game this season, and people jump to conclusions after watching just one
Rambomonster9::Kobe stop shooting so much and turning it over.  We need Gasol and Bynum a few more touches.  We also need to pick up Arenas so we can make a top 4 seed in the West.  GASOL !!!  Kobe shoots the lakers out of games
-whoa-::lol im sure LA will be a top 4 seed in the west the way they are now in the end OKC SA LAC LAL it will be something like that
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::Lakers also won I do believe.
-whoa-::kobe had 18 gasol had 22 shot attempts?
theprodctz::The Hawks seriously need to move to a city that actually gives a toss about their teams.
JPOUNDCAKE::what do you mean "theprodctz"? how do hawks fans get a bad rap on an away game loss to a team they could beat when they are playing their best? what a knot head.
jchris_snow::Are you referring to the owners or fans?
mvelt24::im  telling u lakers are better when kobe shoots less.
boom.shaka::...and Kobe shoots less when the Lakers are playing better.  See how I did that?
tbomber2::woah.............................
-whoa-::lol people in here really think Lin is better than kobe, guys like lin tend to disappear just as quickly as they rose up
boom.shaka::I think they're just trolling to be honest.  I'm no Knick fan but I'm actually rooting for the guy - anything that bucks the status quo (like an Asian NBA player from Harvard) is a good thing.
Saints8365::Lakers :)
eightbitme::It's time they unleash the LOCK!  :-)
-whoa-::yah i love that floater, morris on the other hand is bad, but id still take him over fish
boom.shaka::Nah, Morris belongs in the D-League -- at least Fish is poised.  I'm not ready for Lock to start just yet.  I like having him as a primary option with the second unit.  I think that will improve his development more than having him as a 3rd or 4th option with the first unit.  Definitely a pleasant surprise though - I have friends in Charleston, SC who told me he'd be good, but I was like, "yeah, whatever".
tmohr48::Goudelock is an awesome story for the Lakers and he will only get better.
tmohr48::Long ago, when Steve Blake was on his half way point of being out for a total of 4 weeks, I professed and will still stick by it.... Steve Blake is the difference maker for Lakers since Blake can shoot the three and hustles up court not like Fisher who casually walks the ball up court.  Go Lakers and stay healthy Blake
SeaDog73::Well, 28 points from the bench is a nice contribution.   OK, who am I kidding, that is tearing it up for that bunch!   I do like the overall D that the team is playing this year.  Nice win for my Lakers last night!
boom.shaka::Given all the changes and no training camp, they're doing a little better than I expected this year.
boom.shaka::@SeaDog -- I'll buy that for a dollar.
eightbitme::Goudelock is capable of creating shots for himself.  I believe the Lakers should start him.  :-)
SeaDog73::I can't say they are doing better than I expected.  There have still been those games where they melted down in the 4th quarter and lost late, which is the opposite of what they've done in the past.  Games against Chicago, Indiana, Sacramento, and Philly come to mind right away.  Games they played well enough to win and had leads late in the game.    Overall, the lack of a decent PG and anyone not named Kobe who can create a shot for himself or someone else, is a much bigger hole in this team than even I suspected it would be coming into the season.  I knew it'd be a weakness, but I didn't see it as the crater sized hole it is now.
DeezBrown::Love it when Kobe stinks it up and the Lakers still win.
Davechelle::you mean a half game from the 7th seed which is right about where this team belongs this year
boom.shaka::Don't look now, but the team that's too old, too slow, has no bench and a sucky head coach is only 1.5 games out of the 3 seed in the West.
Brendan Bwady::If  Kobe had what Lebron has right now, that team would win the championship every year. Kobe is putting up a winning record with this terrible bench. AND HE'S IN HIS 16 YEAR AND STILL IS THE HIGHEST SCORING PLAYER IN THE LEAGUE. :)
hatenorv::people always say the lakers would win the title every year if they had lebron instead of kobe. No shiit, but the fact that kobe is still good enough to be a star player on a good team is an accomplishment in itself
acohn22::Joe Johnson 1-8 from three land. SMH
doc_acc::Every Laker had a positive point differential except Fisher.  He has been great for the Lakers, but he might be the worst starter in the league.  He has to go.
boom.shaka::Fisher would have been gone already if Farmar or Blake had worked out.  Lakers were/are handcuffed by Bynum/Kobe/Gasol's contracts though so not much they can do.
Man From UNC::Kobe Bryant is a Rapist and should be in jail today in Eagle, Colorado.......
eightbitme::Kwame:  When can I let the world know that you are my father?  MJ:  After i'm dead.  Kwame:  Ahh man  :-(
Asianflash7::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3X1ewxVwhug&amp;feature=results_main&amp;playnext=1&amp;list=PL455BA734433C7D89
Frank38443::everyone flag this inbred loser
DeVi0uZ::and Jesus should of been arrested for condoning people to stone children.
StompOnFailtics::Says the MJ fan. MJ should be in jail for getting his father murdered.
gogata1987::You know you just beat a s.hitty team when their entire crowd cheers for the visiting teams game-winning shot
91Gmoney9009::WOW, wrong board bro, wrong board.
SeaDog73::I think he meant Lin hitting the 3 in Toronto.
gogata1987::Yeah I meant Toronto
StompOnFailtics::Weren't they in L.A.? I'm confused.
SupaFlySupreme::Though a strong Laker fan, I have to say just because you (Kobe) can make a turn around fade away 360 jumper 40% of the time doesn't mean you shoot that shot 100% of the time -___-
StompOnFailtics::I STRONGLY agree. He needs to stop. Good thing he only took 18 shots this time.
jimmiesjonesen::Kobe sucks stop shooting difficult shots every time you are too old for that!!!!!Grow up and shoot when you are open or take it to the basket lazy!!!!
hatenorv::kobe is more efficient when he is posting up but not when he is driving. he doesnt have the speed or handle anymore to get good shots down low, and when he drives, it clogs the lane which makes it harder for the bigs to get offensive rebounds or to get open unless kobe makes a difficult pass. The only play open there is a open three in the corner, which would be good for most teams, but not the lakers, who have the worst three point fg percentage in the league
gogata1987::There's a huge difference between "sucking" and taking dumb shots
countryquarterback::Start Goudelock and let him get some more shots!
BrotherFromAnotherLin::Jeremy Lin &gt; Kobe Bryant &amp; Pau Gasol
martincruz1988::Knicks fans suddenly think their team is relevant  LOL
eliasfcb10::WTF!!!!! are you kidding me???   Pau Gasol 4 time all star, 2 time NBA champions 1x All-NBA second team and 1x All-NBA third team 18.8 PPG 9 RPG on 11 years!!!!!  Kobe Bryant 14 time all star 5 time NBA champions 1xMVP 2xMVP nba finals 25PPG 4.7APG  Is Jeremy Lin better than this 2 legend players???
Joeschmo loves Heat::You can't reason with Knicks fans... slow grunts work much better.  Ugh Ugh ugga ugh Uggggh.
Frank38443::Haha this is true. Still, must be some powerful crack.
Frank38443::yep, 5 games &gt; 16 seasons of sustained excellence... put down the crack pipe dude
phx090::And i love how people dont talk about Pau Gasols poor shooting night. 9-22. They go straight to Kobe, so sad.
doc_acc::Kobe is the one who often gets the ball from his teammates with 3 or 4 seconds on the shot clock and is forced to put up long jumpers.  At least be objective if you are going to criticize.
hatenorv::how does that reflect how little he knows? Thats at least 1 shot a game, which would bump up his average field goal percentage by 4 percent, which would turn his pretty bad 43% into a pretty good 47%
eightbitme::Is thumb wrestling a sport?     :-)
Frank38443::You can tell how little this guy knows about basketball. He should really pick a different sport although I'm sure he'd suck at that too.
Man From UNC::When you get the ball late in the shot clock because Kobe has held the ball, you have no choice but to shoot....take the ball out of Kobe's ball hogging hands......
Frank38443::yet again, you fail.
phx090::People gotta remember, Kobe has been doing this for 16 years. He's been playing since i was 2, lol. He's done so much for the Lakers and the NBA. He hit a game winner the other night as well. I think it's okay for Kobe to have an off night. The people who don't realize this are sad people. Give the guy a break. But its all good, WE played good last night. GO LAKERS.
Frank13650::wow hate him so much
ZodModule::She was bragging to her friends that she was going to get Kobe, set his $@% up good. Was found out she backed off.
eightbitme::How did she take 5 mansions, when he agreed on giving them to her?   Keyword:  agreed
SupaFlySupreme::Well, yeah Kobe's relationship ultimately dissolved but at that time who knows how he felt about his wife or why he wanted so strongly to stay with her for the time being (He spend a ridiculous amount of money on a forgive me ring). I just know personally if I was a multi-millionaire and could make my problems go away with a check, I would happily do so.
Joeschmo loves Heat::I'm sure it didn't considering the massive amount of money he has from endorsements. But his relationship with his wife didn't matter when he cheated on her so many times.... that ended up being the reason she left and took like 5 mansions from him.
SupaFlySupreme::Maybe because he didnt want to damage the already rocky relationship he had with his wife? Im sure there's plenty of personal reasons I could think of to get the case over with ASAP, and you're Kobe Bryant. Like that xxx million really mattered to him in the long run?
Joeschmo loves Heat::She had one other man's,. Never said she wasn't a $@%! (not sure if that word is blocked but if it is... you know what i mean).   My point is that an innocent man doesn't pay that much to keep someone quiet.
SupaFlySupreme::She did have like 7 different persons semen in her... But again... whatever.
Joeschmo loves Heat::He wasn't found innocent. The case was dropped because the victim all of a sudden decided not to testify... if he was that innocent he would not have given her so much money to keep quiet in the civil suit for sexual assault.  But again... whatever.
SupaFlySupreme::A rape which he was found innocent and all evidence pointed towards him being innocent. The fact that you hold onto something so weak such as that is "hatin"
Joeschmo loves Heat::I don't hate any player. That's a strong word to use on someone that you've never met and really, have only seen play a game on TV. All the information I have on Kobe is on his ability to dribble a ball and shoot it into a ring.... not enough for me to say I hate him.  I mean, there is that whole rape thing.... but whatever.
Joeschmo loves Heat::People don't give Lebron a break when he has an 18/7/7 night.... why should we give Kobe a break when he takes 18 (or so) shots and 10 points?  People love to say that great players find a way to perform. Kobe doesn't have many of these games, but Lakers fans LOVE to downplay them every time they happen. He SUCKED tonight. I just want to see some Laker fan say it. He SUCKED tonight. He doesn't always suck... he is usually amazing... but tonight.... he SUCKED.   He didn't have "an off night"... he sucked His age didn't catch up to him in one night... he sucked. It had nothing to do with his teammates... he sucked.
Brendan Bwady::Dude joe schmo if Kobe had what Lebron has on his team, they would win the championship every single year
phx090::Kobe has already proved he can score, win, and score win it matters. That's why people dont give Lebron a break, he hasn't showed me anyhting besides that he can drive to the lane and score on someone 2 feet shorter than him. Dont get me wrong, he can pass, but he has great shooters on his team...Kobe does'nt. He had an off night=Kobe did not play well. I understand where ur comin from though.
Mamba Is Chinese For Mule::The Lakers would have a good record if Kobe wasn't missing 6 out of 10 shots all season. He wastes 15 possessions every game. Time for a change in LA LA land.
Man From UNC::Kobe is done.....time to move on.....
Frank38443::Your basketball knowledge is done.. oh wait, it never existed.
mickscotland::kobe will be down to 41% if he keeps jacking up bad shots every game
Mightymoose02::Wow Metta World Peace woke up for one game.   Hopefully, he keeps playing decent because he's been a liability for awhile now.
eightbitme::The sooner the Lakers give Goudelock a solid 20-25 minutes, the sooner they'll start rolling.
eightbitme::Stats matter most to the losing team.  They can be used to figure out wtf went wrong.  :-)   "We couldn't buy a shot," Atlanta coach Larry Drew said. "I don't know how many layups we missed. We just missed a ton of point-blank shots, and we turned the ball over (at) crucial times. Obviously you can look at our stats and see that their size and length did affect us, but we gave it our best shot."
aftern9ne::That's it, blow the Hawks up. They'll never win anything with these players. Trade everything and the kitchen sink for Howard and run the ASG out of town.
KDkilla35::JEREMEY LIN &gt; KOBRICK BRYANT all day errryday
mvelt24::Duke&gt;UNC
caylees_Vengeful_Spirit_XI::please kill yourself
Black.Mamba24::your an idiot Kobe is one of the greatest ever.. dont even compare fuucckerr!!
Frank38443::do yourself a favor and just kill yourself Man From UNC you are really worthless
Man From UNC::The Yellow Mamba &gt; the Black Mamba all day long.....
Frank38443::Love watching Kobe. Such a privilege to still be able to watch one of the 10 best players to ever do it.
nunya1213::Think he could be referring to watching Kobe lead the league in scoring in his 16th season. Could be wrong though. Dude sounds like a jealous hater to me.
KDkilla35::was this sarcasm cuz watching a player shoot under 30 percent with 10 points and more turnovers than assissts is not a privelage my friend
Frank38443::Uhhh yeah, no. Kobe is either the greatest or second greatest Laker ever and top 10 all-time player. You mad hater? Or is it you just don't know much about basketball? I'll go with the latter.
Man From UNC::Kobe IS one of the Lakers best 10 players of all time....not in the NBA's top 15 though.....he takes a back seat to Magic, Kareem, Wilt, and West....barely above Baylor and Worthy....
royK619::I got bored
royK619::$@%!$
royK619::time for some late night spam since nobodies looking  $@%!$
royK619::KOBE!!!!!!
Man From UNC::SUCKS !
Frank38443::pick another sport to follow buddy..  basketball isn't your thing to put it nicely
DallasCowboysEmpireStrikesBack::Good win for the Lakers but now we need to focus on getting a point guard asap
Junked Up::Didn't you guys trade for one in December?
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::According to Stern we did no such thing
mystik-eye::Lakers win and Jordans corpse shows up Lakers lose and Lebron knobs show up
lbckhub::Come out to the coast, we'll get together, have a few laughs...
flopsisback::Damn...thx for the info, I'll have to check into any house I look at there! Gotta roll out for the rack...nite bro!
flopsisback::Hehe...we're looking at houses in Natomas right now. I start at UTI July 30th.
lbckhub::i just gotta tell you this: The natomas city managers son was arrested a couple years back because he allowed development of housing in areas that was not allowed due to flooding issues and being on the floodplain. There are hundreds of houses that were illegally built in natomas because of this guy, and those houses can never be insured, because they know, one day, they will all flood over. so, naturally, real estate prices dove, and you can see where this goes.
flopsisback::Southport? I'll check it out! I have a realtor already working for me, but thanks! I've only lived in Rancho, and that was mid-late 80's...I'd rather have the Crips back, than those damn Russians that took over.
lbckhub::omg natomas is aweful..... pretty much south sac with nicer houses.....  it borders north west sacramento, aka Broderick, aka gang central.....  better off moving to midtown imo.... at least your not buying. You can find a huge house in natomas for cheap on the rent. I will tell you, Natomas is going to be underwater again sometime in the next 50 years
flopsisback::Going to be renting, and wifey refuses to believe the school's are still full of bangers there...she wants to live near her mom.
lbckhub::Chec the Southport area of West Sacramento (the only part of west sac even worth looking at), i can give you the name of a great realtor in the area..... great guy
lbckhub::bad crime and on aq flood plain.... at least dont buy there
lbckhub::dont move to natomas!
flopsisback::I'm on the coast...2 hours south of you! LOL
flopsisback::That's right...damn, we've been on these boards a LOOOOONG time!
lbckhub::we have had the rio linda convo before ;)
lbckhub::im in sac..... prob till june lol
flopsisback::Damn, thought you were still in Long Beach...I'm in San Diego for now, moving to SacTown in June.
lbckhub::you in uhhh santa cruz or mointerrey?
lbckhub::im prob moving back to so cal this year
lbckhub::im watching die hard... i love that scene, he says those lines in a mocking voice of his wife, as he is bloodied and crawling through an air vent
burchboy21::Hawks lose when Kobe only scores 10 points. My team is in some serious trouble.
mystik-eye::Hawks need a good center,they could'nt stop Bynum inside.
truesportfanman::Kobe will simply surpass MJ when all is said and done,  probably similar to their last matchup together when Kobe dropped 55 on MJ.
Man From UNC::Kobe Bryant could not carry Michael Jordan's jock strap.....Jordan is the greatest ever....Kobe is just the 3rd best Laker ever....
ZodModule::Bill Russel, Wilt and Kareem beg to differ
Frank38443::wrong.. even MJ says Kobe is comparable. what a dummy
brisol25::In points.  At this point Jorand and Bryant have played the same amount of seasons and Jordan is still up by 4000 points
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::Kobe didnt start his 1st 2years outta hs.. MJ would not have been drafted out of hs.. MJ never had to share the ball with Shaq.. Granted Kobe may not have the amount of rings he does now w/o Shaq but if were talking about sheer points it makes a huge difference
brisol25::MJ also retired twice and went to college.  Kobe came right out of high school, has never retired, and is still down by 4000 points
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::No question Jordan had a better start to his career than Kobe..
nodonovan1377::Jordan didn't guard Kobe for the better part of that game.  Go to youtube.  Anyways how old was Jordan then??? lol  Jordan has more ppg, rpg, apg, spg, bpg and less to's per game than Kobe in both the  reg. season and playoffs.  A higher fg% by a pretty good margin.  Nevermind 6 NBA Finals MVP's.  "We all know Mike is the greatest."~Steve Smith
49erProudFan1980::jordan also shot 50% or more for an entire season 6 times in his career while kobe has none.
Junked Up::This logic is impossible to follow.
flopsisback::Watching Amistad...had forgotten what a f'ed up movie it was
mystik-eye::Race movies are pretty much a waste of time.The country has moved ahead.
Junked Up::Blech. You're awful.
lbckhub::Rock me amadeus
LAsports678::shooting percentage is overated there are to many factors that can scure the number
Junked Up::Jesus.
LAsports678::also rushed shots at the buzzer or shot clock
Junked Up::I don't know what "scure" is supposed to mean. Perhaps "skew." Anyway, yeah, the things that skew it are shooting ability, ability to get to the rim, etc.
