Kyle::The Pistons are just plain horrible.  I was flipping back between buck/pistons and spurs/thunder.  Its only Detroit that has no offensive flow, defensive structure, or desire to win.  Detroit is at full strength and cannot beat an injury-riddled bucks team with the worst record in basketball.  Josh Smith should be benched for that pathetic effort and attitude.  What was Detroit thinking when they traded away Middleton (a young dead-eye three point shooter) and taking on Smith with a bloated contract and his brick heaving ways.  He is not a small forward.  He cannot play on the perimeter, shoot from long range, help run the offense.  He is an average power forward at best.  He could help Detroit but heaving three's up is not the way.  Monroe's defense is terrible and its not getting much better with time.  I think he is also out of position at PF because he is not nimble enough to cover the quicker bigs.  He is a center with above average scoring and passing skills.  He is valuable trade asset to bring in a real small forward.  Then tell Josh Smith he is not allowed to have two feet outside the paint at any time and he must play shutdown defense.
Bultman::I just got back from the game.  Let's just say there's lots of free tickets available this year.  Some impressions: 1) For the dump truck of money he's being paid, Josh Smith should appear like he's interested in playing basketball.  Horrible player, horrible contract. 2) None of the Bucks should hold a fan's baby for a photo.  Worst hands in the NBA. 3) Butler and Ridnour are real pro's.  If the Bucks want to win, play them more.  Oh that's right, they don't want to win. 4) He has lots of competition, but John Henson is in the running for NBA's ugliest free throw shooter. 5) Both these teams are very very bad.
Amir::Bucks have no intention to win this game  but against teams like Pistons its impossible to lose.
Rufino::Should have used Monroe instead of Smith in the 4th qtr. Really bad coaching job!!!
Cyril::Greg Monroe has 18 points on 11 shots and has eaten up the Milwaukee defense, but heaven forbid that they actually try to go to him a few more times.
Brett::There's a Youtube video called MIND BENDING THUMB BENDING where the Bucks actually win a game. It is filed under the fantasy genre.
PKM::2 really good teams
Bobbyk::5 guys dont play with a coaches decision?Odd.
George::Hope Giannis Dunks and Tbags Jennings. Nice shooting % Brandon. Only game I want the Bucks to win, otherwise keep the tanking up boys.
Brian::Mayo and sanders is out and the still beat Detroit
