Al-Jaleel Sawab::There's no doubt who's in charge of the Kings offense, Isaiah Thomas has clearly established that
Daymeon Craig::When LeBron leaves the heat this off season it won't even be any more heat fans they will just go dick ride what ever team he goes to!!  Real talk
Robert Velovic::mass exodus.. and the Heat Index will be gone from espn lol
Joe Reith::You look so intelligent in your profile pic. "Real talk."
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Cousins should be the starting center at the All-Star game this year
Master Yodà::Good game, man. Good luck with the Blazers.
Fabian Garza::LeBron needs to stop being passive late in games. This loss is strictly his fault.
Al-Jaleel Sawab::When he gets trapped the smart thing is to pass ...... Basktball 101, he did take the last shot in the 4th quarter
Treyvon Carter::wow really?  Mario Chalmers was the reason, he needs to get traded
Josh Bracken::He had 11 in OT and hit three 3s to put them down 3. How is it possibly his fault with 33/8/8?
Steven Rivera::What happened to James lock down defense? Cousins 27 pts? Gay 26 pts? LOL ok...
Brandon Tigues::when was lebron ever defending demarcus cousins? and yes gay had 26..lebron had a bad night defensive..carmelo seems to have those nights every game.
Steven Rivera::Brandon Tigues Lebron does not lock down star players on a nightly bases so stop it with that excuse "he had an off night "
Treyvon Carter::Brandon Tigues Beasley was guarding rudy most of the second half, and why the hell would lebron be guarding d. cous , c'mon man think before you post
Craig Edwards::heat throwing game this is bs !!!
Marcleen Bavogui::they got outlayed
Cvete Karamacoski::They got beat by their weakness, a big man who plays well in the post
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Cvete Karamacoski True, Why was Andersen sitting ?
Jorge Bouza::The boards killed us, props to the King's big 3 and a crazy arena.
Treyvon Carter::wish our crowd was like theirs
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Treyvon Carter Kings fans always loyal to our team, regardless of wins or losses.
Kyle Bush::Lebron going to destroy the kings
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Maybe, but then again its not only the kings who have a tough time against james. Dont forget about every other team in the league.
Daymeon Craig::Destroy?? So sad . 8-19kings
Liam Sibson::9-19 now.  lol
Jeremy Gingrich::Dang Cousins is the real deal. Once Sacramento gets some more talent around him, he could becaome an MVP candidate in the prime of his career. He can just take over games
Darryl Barnes::oooooooooo k
Master Yodà::I would like for him to be a bit more mature, especially for the younger guys coming in. Other than that he is a fantastic player who should be one of the top centers in the league for a while.
Treyvon Carter::cousins can dominate like shaq, if he get the right pierces and system for him and around him
Al-Jaleel Sawab::LeBron doing this a little too late but still impressive
Steve Ungar::Miami wins this game, they tie a record for consecutive wins against West teams, held by the Boston Celtics back when they dominated.  And then they go against the top team in the West in Portland to try to break that record.    Should be great.
Cody Palmer::Which won't happen against the Blazers. Will be great to watch the Heat lose in Portland.
Aaron Fager::Cody Palmer You are on the wrong thread, hater.  This is Heat versus Kings.  We will get to you soon enough, troll.
Cody Palmer::Don't worry, I'll be there too. I'm just saying your team isn't beating mine.
Leland Wong::I have seen enough of LBJ ,he is the BOAT and the GOAT, saw those two impossible dunks against the Lakers and he only scored 19 points but he thoroughly controlled the game w/o much scoring.
Robert Velovic::dunking is not important
Cvete Karamacoski::MJ disagrees
Philip Charles::those dunks are probably where he hurt his groin...
Leland Wong::I think the Heat will win but not a blow out.
Master Yodà::Chad Wiggins ·  Top Commenter · Raleigh, North Carolina Master Yodà the fact that u make those stupid comments lets everyone know that ur not serious with anything u type... never have i said anything like that about fredette.... i simply want to see him (as a unanimous player of the year and scoring champ) get a legit shot... real min... show me he doesnt deserve to be on the floor.... dont tell me while u cont to put nothing but a loser on the floor, night after night after night.... if u ever want to talk serious basketball let me know.. im done responding to u little mormon haters... or whatever it is that keeps u blinded to this situation  When did I make a comment about me hating Mormons? You say things like I'm making stuff up yet there you go making things up. That alone shows your credibility. O Chad, you know so much. You should be the Kings coach.
Pablo Young::Sit down Chad
Chad Wiggins::o chad... please ease up with the "oh chads" that type of talk scares me...
Master Yodà::O Chad.
Steven Rivera::Lebron Cavs years is HIGHLY OVERRATED the EAST back then was FARRR worst then the EAST of today, Lebron wouldnt even sniff the playoffs if that same CAVS team played out WEST. So lets stop the over hype B/S on how Lebron took a crap Cavs team to the finals or even won 60 games with them trust me that same CAVS team that won 60 games would be 7th or 8th seeded team in the WEST
Giannis Berbeis::Exactly
Keith Haemmerle::ummm...so?
Liam Sibson::Demarcus Cousins/Rudy Gay/Isaiah Thomas>>>>>>Lebron James/Dwayne Wade/Chris Bosh
Matt Mossman::excuses are for losers....take your medicine bandwagon jumper
Christopher Williams::Matt Mossman SO if a star player doesn't play its not an excuse for playing poorly? Wow....
Joe Reith::I don't even want to dignify this troll with a response but I feel I have to.  How many championships do the kings have? Nuff said
Don Layton::What we learned tonight is that the Heat would probably be good enough to contend for the 15th spot in the West.
Brandon Tigues::oh yeah? and what did you learn after OKC loss to the raptors at home?
Don Layton::Brandon Tigues Easy now - I don't really believe that. Neither does anyone else.
Julie Price::lol the Kings are the West team to finally beat the Heat. Who would have thought...
Keith Dennis::Every Kings fan knows we can beat anyone in our house.  On the road we would lose to Columbus State Community College
Craig Edwards::heat cost me 14 grand they can go jump as far as im concerned they are crooks !!!
Marcleen Bavogui::u deserve to lose for betting on a team who takes night off when they want
Jim Yarmey::Yeh. They cost you 14 grand . As* H*ole
Johnny Delancey::Jimmer Fredette sucks at basketball
Sloto Mania::The whole kings team sucks
Cvete Karamacoski::Sloto Mania Have you seen Demarcus Cousins?
Matt Mossman::but just beat the Heat
Ernest Bagdasaryan::2013 Troll of the year Goes to... Chad wiggins !
Chad Wiggins::if u not a fan of pathetic basketball ur a troll... keep looking like a dope moron....
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Chad Wiggins Man would you stop sucking jimmers... Are you going to be here every single game annoying the hell out of people. Dont you got a ugly son to raise, go spend your time with your son and stop annoying the hell out of people. Jimmer doesnt need anymore stalkers.
Kyle White::Ernest Bagdasaryan Yeah real men bring kids into basketball conversations and make fun of them. Dude get off your high horse and I thought only doucheags wear sunglasses inside, oh yeah, they do.
Virginia Pagan-Sanchez::Heat will win tonight
Don Layton::Oops.
Matt Mossman::Nope
Mark Sugimoto::Looks like your dream to be a psychic will NEVER happen.
Master Yodà::Juwan Howard as PG > Jibber Fraudette
Ernest Bagdasaryan::LOL creative and true !
Chad Wiggins::Ernest Bagdasaryan dont the little morons look stupid tonight
Master Yodà::You're right. Juwan Howard isn't a point guard. Couldn't sneak that one by you, Chad.
Patrick Vaughan::Funny how when the Heat are winning, they're the best team ever built...but when they're losing, they're playing down to their opponents or some crap about Vegas pops up. Uninformed children who have no clue about matchups or the game itself never give credit to the other team.
Jeff Yu::best team ever built?  are you kidding?
Patrick Vaughan::Jeff Yu No...I was saying that that's what all the Bron-jockers and bandwagoner Heat fans claim...not myself.
Joe Reith::Awe. You upset? It's ok. I'm sure your team will win a championship eventually.
Jeronimo Prado::Did  you see the last shot before ot what a joke,James was scared to drive to the basket,the best player in the world yea,maybe in the first 46 minutes
Marcleen Bavogui::liking your own comment doesnt make it true moron lmao what an idiot
Brandon Tigues::lol you lebron haters seem to come up with something new every time, first he's scared to shoot the ball..then he's scared to drive the ball? lmao..come on man pick something and stick to it, fact is..with that missed shot he's still 4/11 in game winning shots in the last two seasons.
