grant7leb98::LEBRON IS TERRIBLE
Apple has released a new Rob Parker imtimidation app::.........
KillaSin515::Lets go to the new board already
Djuki 3::is everyone down to go?
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::ok lets go
brandonlee561heat22::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNb8kqmxO7I
cbbaseball19::Poor guy
Djuki 3::hahahaha!
brandonlee561heat22::thats pretty funny
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::lol ya i seen that
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::has anyone seen movie 43??????
Djuki 3::aint nobody got time fo dat
Djuki 3::oh hell yea bro! who doesn't??
cbbaseball19::Nope, I dont
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::new tosh tomorrow tho, do you have time for that smarty pants
cbbaseball19::Negative
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::aaron gray can grab 12 rebounds but bosh can only grab 5???  youre black hes white, bosh.
GaspoMinnyFan981::this ain't hockey
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::heheehhehe
Ivanov21::LOL Kleiza played 0 minutes and has -9  +/-   !
KillaSin515::Alycia is so awesome. She has puppies and I can only imagine a great kitty.
FrancoNero007::She lives in lauderdale. I know who she is.
nba is the worst::Suuuure you do
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::how about three times?
FrancoNero007::you guys are infatuated with those pics. She wasnt always like that. Before pics you wouldnt look at twice
FrancoNero007::Not really
Djuki 3::ok good
FrancoNero007::In his 20's
FrancoNero007::She used to be heavy. Lost alot of weight. Props to her.
nba is the worst::Ha ha, as if this kid knows anything - he claimed I was 60 once!
Djuki 3::is her husband a big guy?
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::lol
Djuki 3::i don't think her husband is going to like the bet i made with her
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::how come you know so much about her
FrancoNero007::27 years old and married
Djuki 3::lucky husband
KillaSin515::-__-
GaspoMinnyFan981::-__-
Djuki 3::i'll just post for her since she's not here   -__-
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::ive seen pics of her puppies im just waiting on a pic of her kitty.
brandonlee561heat22::this is amazing  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckfBGdZoR_0
Djuki 3::sad that the kid has no family, but a good heart
FrancoNero007::Spicoli from Fast Times At Richmond High?
Ivanov21::thanks for posting !
Djuki 3::wow, that's crazy
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::atleast we all wont get blue balls today if whats her face doesnt show up.
FrancoNero007::shes married
FrancoNero007::just did
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::learn to read
FrancoNero007::Alycia
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::youre the troll dummy
cbbaseball19::Whos married?
Djuki 3::although the cats will be outnumbered once Alycia shows up with her 3 puppies
GaspoMinnyFan981:::( need more cats
GaspoMinnyFan981:::)
Djuki 3::but, she's also bringing her kitty :)
KillaSin515::Those puppies are AMAZING!
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::o-------------------&gt;
Djuki 3::-__-
cbbaseball19::ROR!
GaspoMinnyFan981::2 cats here and 1 dog :) cats win
Djuki 3::although we'll be outnumbered once Alycia shows up with her 3 puppies
Djuki 3::cats unite, meoowww!
Djuki 3::haha i don't, i love the picture though
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::i didnt even know you liked jay cutler
cbbaseball19::BOOOOOOOOO
cbbaseball19::Yeah you have been identified!
GaspoMinnyFan981::Hater identified
KillaSin515::This board is all messed up.
cbbaseball19::Why?
KillaSin515::Yes I refresh.
cbbaseball19::not for me
nba is the worst::Chrome, I take it?  (empty your cache and refresh)
brandonlee561heat22::Did you refresh?
KillaSin515::Its only showing 2 posts then goes to post from yesterday.
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::wheres -___-  ,  at??
FrancoNero007::you know shes engaged or already married. 27 years old
JCDish::who?
cbbaseball19::Haha
JCDish::"Well he only scored 30, that don mean anythin"  -Reggie Evans
cbbaseball19::Who?
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::hahaha
GaspoMinnyFan981::Good meowing
KillaSin515::Morning
koke003::You've got to be kitten meow
koke003::Haha nice!
Djuki 3::you've cat to be kitten me right meow*
brandonlee561heat22::yo
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::i smell pu.ssy
FrancoNero007::that would be <b>QUEEN B.Worst</b>
cbbaseball19::Ruff meowning.....
Djuki 3::meow!
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::whats everyone doing...working?!?!!!?
FrancoNero007::<b>LMAO at QUEEN B.Worst's continual FAILED predictions!</b>
FrancoNero007::Lose 10 games and brag about the ONE they get Right <b>Get Over To GA Quick        DA</b>
FrancoNero007::thats the typical response of a <b>gambling degenerate</b>
nba is the worst::Pacers Friday - winner!!!!
FrancoNero007::Raptors + 49ers Yesterday! <b>LOSER</b>
cbbaseball19::Im here
Djuki 3::multi tasking, i'm rubbing one out while working
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::lol wtf
Djuki 3::janet reno
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::what are you jerking it to
tmoneyinmphs::Rudy gay 11 for 23 for 29 points but his team loses by 15 at home. When marc gasol was in his first years in the nba, rudy was the main player and he scored a lot but we still lost a lot. Then we got zbo and became a playoff team.    Thanks again raptors for taking rudy gay.
reallarryleslie::Really Memphis is done.........thats a joke.  No doubt Rudy has a ton of talent but he is a ball stopper. But I guess if you already have a team of ball stoppers whats one more.  And Memphis will definatly be in the playoffs let me know what seed Toronto is when playoff time starts......oh wait I think that seed is called the DRAFT LOTTERY
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::I think we saw this comment about 11 comments ago. Be assured that we saw it the first time.
KillaSin515::You are dumb. Memphis is done.
FrancoNero007::Is there a reason <b>QUEEN B.Worst Trolls + Spams EVERY Heat Article?</b>
FrancoNero007::<b>Get A life You Degenerate Loser!</b>
FrancoNero007::This has got to be one of the most <b>Pathetic Lifeless Losers On the Planet</b>
nba is the worst::You seem upset
FrancoNero007::ALL of which are <b>SPAMMING + TROLLING +FLAMING violations of the TOS!  </b>
nba is the worst::So many heat fans, so little time ;)
FrancoNero007::"B.Wade"  * Ref Help "Knicks will reclaim their rightful spot" smh "silly" asterisk titles repeat full season title 2 Knicks scores <b>Its the SAME BS over and over! </b>
FrancoNero007::Like A sample of this <b> IDIOT?</b>
FrancoNero007::<b>REALLY?  Then you must love root canals!</b>
Bamm7272::Naw, not agitate. She provides entertainment.
Dwyane Wade is a poor mans Gabe Pruitt::You caught me
FrancoNero007::another one of her aliases ^ ?
Dwyane Wade is a poor mans Gabe Pruitt::Why you talking to yourself?
FrancoNero007::To continually Come on Heat boards to agitate the fan base daily morning,noon,and night! <b>Repeating the Same BS Over + Over. What a useless PATHETIC individual!</b>
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::So who thinks that deeeep down inside Alex Smith is smiling right now?
FrancoNero007::I know <b>QUEEN B.Worst is crying her A$$ off as She Lost a BUNDLE yesterday!   Pathetic Gambling Degenerate!</b>
nba is the worst::This kid is SO clueless!
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Lost a bundle. Oh snap.
Djuki 3::i think he started masturbating once the Ravens took that safety in the 4th
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::With face paint?
koke003::I already was
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::well i know that i did.
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::i think he's smiling on the outside.
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::"That'll teach-em not to replace me."  Alex Smith
FrancoNero007::Yawn  <b>Just another day in SOLE Possession of FIRST PLACE</b>
nba is the worst::*4th place, 5.5 games out of 1st.
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::"No one fails quite like like you kid"  like like?
nba is the worst::No one fails quite like you kid.
FrancoNero007::At His Age! <b>GONE   </b>
nba is the worst::Apparently you're unaware that despite your wishing him an ACL injury, the MRI was negative and he's day-to-day.  Karma, son!
FrancoNero007::<b>WRONG AGAIN LOSER!  ALL ALONE in FIRST in the EAST  15-5 vs WEST  1-0 Over Your CRAP Spurs  Bye Bye Duncan!</b>
FrancoNero007::<b>LMAO at QUEEN B.Worst </b>
nba is the worst::Ha ha, I was right the previous game (Pacers win), remember? ;)
FrancoNero007::<b>who ONCE AGAIN picked LOSERS yesterday  Raptors + 49ers!  Is SHE ever Right?</b>
nba is the worst::Ray Allen last 5 gms:  .375	FG% overall, .353 3-pt FG%  Birdman's fault?
Dwyane Wade is a poor mans Gabe Pruitt::At least hes still a lockdown defender
nba is the worst::Terry has a full season ring, only 2 heat players can say the same, and of course that was ref-gifted
Djuki 3::I thought it was Jason "i run around the court like a 5 year old pretending to be a plane" Terry
Djuki 3::strange middle name
Dwyane Wade is a poor mans Gabe Pruitt::Jason "I outplayed Lebron in the 2011 finals" Terry has been doing great lately.
koke003::Lol probably a butt hurt Celtics fan
nba is the worst::NICE
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::how come were not on the new board ?
cbbaseball19::Its too early
Djuki 3::I beat Alycia in a 7 game series and she's reneging on the bet
Djuki 3::the bet was that the loser would have to have sexual intercourse with the winner
Djuki 3::;)
nba is the worst::I see what you did there!!!
cbbaseball19::Thats messed up!
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::whats the bet?  hand job?
Dwyane Wade is a poor mans Gabe Pruitt::Whatd u bet her?
koke003::Good morning
cbbaseball19::Koke Panthers 2 game win streak!
Djuki 3::haha damn you koke
cbbaseball19::Yeah!! CHOP CHOP HIYYAAAA!
koke003::Sabres down! HIYYAAA DURO!!!
Djuki 3::good day sir
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::i want a sausage egg mcmuffin
koke003::Me too!
Child_Prodigy1982::Gay moved to the raptors cause in Memphis he had no rights!
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::i see what you did there
KillaSin515::Good morning my HEAT NATION party people. You too worst.
Djuki 3::good day sir
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::hiyaaaaaaaaaa
nba is the worst::gm
tmoneyinmphs::Rudy gay 11 for 23 for 29 points but his team loses by 15 at home. When marc gasol was in his first years in the nba, rudy was the main player and he scored a lot but we still lost a lot. Then we got zbo and became a playoff team.    Thanks again raptors for taking rudy gay.
nba is the worst::But why did the team trade Speights and Ellington if they were going to move Gay?
nba is the worst::I like Ellington too. Management needed to get someone better in return for Gay IMO
tmoneyinmphs::Don't know that one.  Moving ellington wasn't that bad.  But moving speights for nothing was a mistake.  We could use him for backup center as well as PF and dude can score a lot of points, so  i'm not happy with that move.
cbbaseball19::Oh Duro, guess what word Alycia played against me yesterday!
Djuki 3::rusty trombone?
cbbaseball19::Thats what I said!
Djuki 3::hahah she's a freak
nba is the worst::guess that answers that ;)
cbbaseball19::D I L D O!!!
cbbaseball19::.
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::buttholes?
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::fellatio?
cbbaseball19::Incorrect
nba is the worst::voluptuous?
nba is the worst::would ESPN censor it?
cbbaseball19::Nope but it was a dirty word!
Pete Carroll likes to Dance::if there is an injury to wade, bosh or definitely lebron.. this is a non-playoff team...   depth will kill this team come playoffs
nba is the worst::This season is shaping up just like 2011, the last full season.  Except this year the heat are 1-6 vs the east contenders
FrancoNero007::and 15-5 against the West who theyll meet in the finals CHUMP!
cbbaseball19::Wade was injured last year as was Bosh........
Dwyane Wade is a poor mans Gabe Pruitt::Looks like Ray Allens slowing down hard. 1 point over the last two games on 0-6 shooting in 47 minutes. lol garbage.
cbbaseball19::Two bad games and he is terrible?!
nba is the worst::I also enjoyed the missed ft
Dwyane Wade is a poor mans Gabe Pruitt::How do you play 47 minutes and not get ONE basket???? You're a SHOOTING guard for christs sake.
cbbaseball19::Yeah because your post is idiotic.
Dwyane Wade is a poor mans Gabe Pruitt::Nice response
cbbaseball19::Dumb.
Dwyane Wade is a poor mans Gabe Pruitt::After taking 17 shots in Boston those are the two games he throws up. Looks like wear and tear to me.
Child_Prodigy1982::Heat vs Pacers in the ECF ( this can go either way, I am picking pacers. )  Pacers vs OKC in the final with this going to Thunder in 6
cbbaseball19::let me guess, you are picking the Pacers based on the regular season.  Love it!
Child_Prodigy1982::I think they are a very gritty team and play all round ball, I see a lot of weakness in most East teams, Knicks, Bulls could all be there too. Boston may run out of puff, nets are likely to implode and hawks/Bucks are not going anywhere.
Knicks Fan Since the other Week::That's not even considering the Bulls fully healthy.  They are looking like a real threat as of lately...   Pacers need to win tonight .
cbbaseball19::Brains.
Child_Prodigy1982::No, just overall solidity and yearly progression. I liked them last year and they are better this year. If they face the heat they pose massive threats!
Knicks Fan Since the other Week::What if he picked the heat?  what would he had based it on?
Knicks Fan Since the other Week::Damn I can't get a hello from my Heat fans buddies today?  It's not my fault the Heat cant beat the Pacers.   That was last week, get over it.
cbbaseball19::Cant*
Knicks Fan Since the other Week::Gooood morning..........
Djuki 3::good day sir
cbbaseball19::Hola
cbbaseball19::Trying to get some work done sir.
Knicks Fan Since the other Week::Well thank you..... about time ;)
nba is the worst::again
Knicks Fan Since the other Week::again?
kaharevic::I dont understand why the fans booed Bosh, not like he did anything wrong really. He left when he was a free agent, he had no team in Toronto.
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Players have been getting booed when they go back to their old team for some time now.
nba is the worst::Birdman's PER &gt; lebron's
cbbaseball19::Hes close but no cigar.....
Dwyane Wade is a poor mans Gabe Pruitt::"OMG Birdman must be the GOAT then. All hail John Hollinger!!!" - Heat fans
Kamera5::The Bulls have beat the Pistons 17 straight.
Kamera5::right board
Kamera5::Just trying to put the heat's 10 game win streak into perspective.
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::wrong board
nba is the worst::Birdman changed the game in the 3rd Q yesterday - largely responsible for the comeback
cbbaseball19::KAAAAAAAAAAW! KAAAAAAAAW!
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::birdman rebounds in any weather
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Superbowl hangover. That's me.
Djuki 3::i had the first quarter score for two boxes, it was a good day for me yesterday :)
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::i lost 3k using this new online betting system called bettingstar.com  you may have seen some people on this site talking about it....well they tricked me into using it and now im pissed.
Djuki 3::bahahahha!
nba is the worst::Bobcats road wins: @ Twolves, Bulls, Wizards, Pistons, Magic  Huge trap game tonight
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::aint nobody got time for talking basketball, worst!
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::how many else of you took a dump during halftime?
Djuki 3::not me, i wore a diaper so i wouldn't miss a thing
cbbaseball19::I liked the white guy with the Jamaican accent too!
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::I didn't know Minnesota had Jamaicans until I saw that commercial.
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::that one was pretty funny
vermincain2::The 49ers could have used Leon Sandcastle...
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Sanders would be proud of Sandcastle.
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::duro did you get a hair transplant over the weekend or something??
Djuki 3::yes, do you like it?
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::i like the pu.ssy in your lap too
Djuki 3::;)
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::ya you look good bro  no ho.mo of course
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Ray Lewis is now going to ascend into heaven.
nba is the worst::*heaven
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Now I must edit.
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::its monday morning, cut a guy some slack!
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::lolllllllllll
vermincain2::What happened to Rudy Gay in the 2nd half? I guess the King turned up the D on him.
nba is the worst::terrible coaching by Casey (Gray was effective on bosh, but never got back in)
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::hahaha, D
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::whats up with that weird kid making out with that hot chick. how awkward.
vermincain2::He's not weird, he's really fat.
nba is the worst::Agreed (but Bar Refaeli is delicious)
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::what a bunch of non-funny commercials!
cbbaseball19::Are you kidding?! I loved the old people in the taco bell commercial! That was awesome
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::that one was okay.
nba is the worst::Yes, but Beyonce tho
nba is the worst::Of course, there's 5 home games with no B2Bs coming up on the heat's cake schedule - with Houston on the B2B (night after the Warriors)
cbbaseball19::Heatles are on a B2B right now
Derrick Rose owes LeBron an MVP::mmmmm i love cake!
nba is the worst::As do the OKC fans
