Curtis James Bliss::Cavs have the 2nd best scoring D in the NBA, just behind Indiana. This is a very very promising sign. It has to be encouraging to Mike Brown that the team is defending at such a high level. The offense will come.
Miles Guthrie::Cavs need a month to mesh. And after they do - watch out. 5 games in and fools are playing the bust card??? Crazy...just crazy. Waiters is good and always was he's just young and had to learn. Bennet is good and will show major talent towards the end of the year he's just a step behind because he's 19, chubby,  and not freaking kobe or LeBron. Man...The biggest thing I hate about my generation is how fast we need results - so quick to give up on people. Build some character scrubs.
Brent B Jacoby::number one picks are suppose to make an impact immediately...welcome to the NBA
Terry Griffin::AGREED
Frank Lee::Brent B Jacoby : A weird comment since it bears absolutely no relation to the reality in the NBA.
Brent B Jacoby::im starting to feel bad for bennet...he had no business being the number 1 pick....it is going to hurt him the rest of his career being judged by his draft position
George Chip Thayer::best player in the draft
Brent B Jacoby::George Chip Thayer really? i can think of about at least 5 players i rather have drafted than bennet...even more if i had tristan thompson already playing the 4 position lol
George Chip Thayer::Brent B Jacoby you'll learn some day.
Dustin Wagner::Easy win for the Bucks tonight, I see Mayo being inspired by the presence of Michael Redd and going off for a Redd like game. Mayo scores 36 on 5/7 shooting from 3pt territory to led the Bucks to a  105-92 Win.
Chris Coates::wow you are psychic.  Great prediction.
Justin Nixon::go Bucks
Tazmon L'vis Sims::I think it's just being a Cleveland Fan...we are so doom and gloom this is a very young team, players have yet to figure out their roles, coaches have yet to figure out specific line-ups......Brand New Coaching Staff....(4) new rotation players.....6-7 new players....give it more then a week.....I like the pieces let's see how they fit together!!!!!!! Let's Go Cavs!!!!!!!!!!!!
Scott Bricker::Really?  Bennett sucks...he's fat and slow and can't shoot. Bynum doesn't want to be in cleveland and sucks anyways, Waiters is to immature and can't make FT's... and they are not learning to play defense.  Point is.. they need someone to be a leader on the team and to put people in their place, but as it looks, it's a free for all.
Terence Randolph::Cavs went into the Bucks game top 5 in opp FG% and opp PPG. We were bottom 5 in both categories last season. Not learning to play defense?
George Chip Thayer::Scott Bricker Where do you come up with this stuff?    Is this your mission to come up with the most outrageous comments like "Bennett sucks", Bynum doesn't want to be in Cleveland", etc.   you couldn't be more wrong about basketball.   I suggest you watch back episodes of Oprah.
Chris Doss::irving 30 points, 10 assists,.waiters 15 points,bynum 3 blocks,4 rebounds,10 points,varajo 13 rebounds 6 points,clark 9 points 4 assists..the rest will be done by the bench and the cavs will win 92 -86
Mad SammyBoy::I'm glad to see that Bennett finally scored a field goal. The best part about that is that he now has a higher career field-goal percentage than Kobe Bryant.
Chris Doss::tonight is the night cleveland gets over five hundred and stays above it the rest of the season and makes playoffs in the 6 seed GO CAVS!!!
Bmonster McCarthy::Bennett seems like a very suspect 1st pick right now. What is he, about 1-20 or something?
Joe Haas::Why has Larry Sanders not been playing? Is he in the wrong system now?
Jacob Fried::No he is under investigation involving him and a problem at a  Cleveland bar.
Patrick Donovan::Wolters gonna do it to Kyrie tonight.
Tyler Olexa::Ah.. A point guard I've never heard of vs. the 8th best player in the league. Seems logical..
Curtis James Bliss::Not sure how many truly great PGs he went against in the Summit League... but i can't imagine any of them were even close to Kyrie.
Chris Doss::yeah right ur dreaming bud... lol
Danie Lan::Wolters gonna feast tonight.
George Chip Thayer::Best wishes to the bucks fans in this early part if he season.
Ryan Hastings::I've flip-flopped repeatedly on this, but I'm convinced the Cavs blew these last few drafts.  Irving, Valanciunas, Barnes, and Oladipo would have left the Cavs a PF short (Varejao) of a great, young starting lineup.  Instead, they have Irving and Waiters starting with non-isolation threats Varejao, Thompson, and Clark to go with them.  On top of that, Waiters struggles finishing at the rim and I'm not so sure Oladipo will have that problem with his athleticism, huge wingspan, and huge hands.  Waiters, however, may always struggle at the rim as he has average wingspan and hands.  Only time will tell, but those picks could really come back to haunt this organization.
Curtis James Bliss::Hindsight is 20/20 aint it. TT was a great pick though imo
George Chip Thayer::Most of the offensive issues with Waiters, Irving and especially Bennett come from the sudden change of importance in defending.    For young players, and these are YOUNG players, this takes so much energy to play at the level of defense that Mike Brown insists (or you sit on the bench) that they have little energy left on the offense side.    If they don't figure it out, I'll agree with you Ryan, but at this early stage, none of those players you listed come close to the natural scoring abilities of Irving, Waiters and Bennett.   Not even close.    Let me remind you that Waiters was the 2nd best scoring threat out of his rookie class last season and may have been #1 in that category had he gotten more minutes from Scott, especially early on and hadn't gotten inured.  Thompson is a double double machine now and can score using either hand.    Talk about HUGE hands and a wingspan... please don't try and tell me Oladipo has larger hands or wingspan than Bennett.    Bennett has a great work ethic, at least since he's shown up to Cleveland, and once he figures out the required defense, the offense will follow.    e.g. Tristan Thompson.    I remember so many of you were down on Thompson and into the start of his 2nd year he looked like a bust, but now is a beast.    Have patience with these players.    Many times you'll get a splash or as we old guys use to say, a flash in a pan type of rookie players.   They start out great and end up like MoFlo
Lester Ayers::bucks fans ellis is gone playing with a team and fan base that wanted him and so far he isplaaying very very good. playing his game getting to the basket not running off screens for a team trying to make him just a jump shooter. this is sanders team how is it working for you so far
Kevin Farmer::We're at .500 dipshit.
Paa Hawkins::Losing to these pathetic teams only shows the Cavs aren't far ahead of them. First the Bobcats now these bums? Cleveland needs to package Bennett and Waiters for a serviceable SG. Someone who can give 15 ppg.
George Chip Thayer::Why in the world would they do that?   Waiters was the #2 best scorer in his draft class.    Did you NOT see the game tonight?    He IS that SG you want and Bennett will become an all-star.
Brandon Tigues::lmao who's going to take Bennett? nobody's that desperate
Brent B Jacoby::George Chip Thayer bennet an all star? CMON MAN.... waiters best scorer? his celing is  a poor mans jamal crawford AT BEST.  chris grant has his fan base DELUSIONAL...WOW
Tyler Olexa::The Bucks have no chance in winning this game. With no true point guard to challenge Kyrie, he'll go off for 25 tonight. There's no bigs to stop Tristan Thompson in the post, and will hopefully lead Anthony Bennett to a good game. Cavs win 102- 88
Curtis James Bliss::Larry Sanders is a great post defender, Cavs will have there hands full with him, however, they have zero depth after Larry. Something the Cavs front line has.... Also signing Larry Sanders to a Max offer sheet was the dumbest thing any GM has done in recent memory.
Tyler Olexa::Curtis James Bliss Ah yeah I forgot about Sanders. Good defender.. and that's it. Gaining Brandon Knight really wasn't anything spectacular but hey it was something for BJ. Ilyasova can't ever get over the hump to be a good player. I dunno, anyone whose leading scorer is Zaza Pachulia has a problem :P
Patrick Donovan::Curtis James Bliss You must have a terrible memory because Larry didn't get a max offer.
Ryan Sems::Anyone care to explain why the Cavs used the first overall pick to draft a guy who is not even good enough to be the starter on a 25-win team?  I mean, it's not like this Cavs roster is just packed with top shelf talent from 1 thru 5.
Frank Lee::Cleveland will suck so bad this season they'll end up with the first pick, but they won't draft Andrew Wiggins because they've already got a small forward on the roster.
Ryan Sems::I think they'll be bad, but not quite that bad.  However, I will be very surprised if they manage to get to 35 wins for the season.
Brent B Jacoby::same old cavs....there is a reason they had the number 1 pick last year....OVERRATED...irving....OVERRATED (HE COULD NOT GUARD MY MOTHER)
Chris Coates::ESPN you are pathetic.  Bucks win the game and get 2 highlights.  80% of the highlights were from the Cavs.  Very biased.
Brandon Tigues::not sure why people are calling waiters a bust..dude's good to me, he reminds me of wade..give him a another year or so he's going to be a allstar
Brent B Jacoby::wade? try a poor man's jamal crawford. wade is one of the best shooting guard defenders in the history of the game. Wade is an efficient scorer...where is ANY evidence he is like wade.  Waiters is a disgrace on defense and offense compared to wade. He does not have the killer instinct wade has either
Brandon Tigues::Brent B Jacoby  so because wade is a great player him and waiters game's can't resemble each other? clearly I'm talking offensively..both are good handling the ball, both are great slashers and both have pretty solid jumpers, waiters is just a better 3 point shooter..what does killer instinct have to do with anything? and no waiters isn't the most efficient scorer but that has a lot to do with shot selection.
Brandon Tigues::Brent B Jacoby  jalen rose also said the same thing, but I guess you know more about basketball than him though huh?
Curtis James Bliss::Also, something interesting... As the coach of the Cavs, this is the 5th straight time a Mike Brown Cavs team has started the season 2-2.
Steven Censored::The bucks are GARBAGE! Way to not show up tonight Cavs! No defense at all just pathetic! Should have been an easy win!!
Mark Dray::They are making a ridiculous amount of contested 3s.  It happens sometimes.
Justin Burwell::What makes you think the Cavs are such a great team lol.  Kyrie is awesome but one player doesn't make a team great.
