Steve Harvey::The Bulls may lack talent, but one thing they definitely don't lack is HEART.
Cory Nope::Keep kidding yourself. Best defensive mind in the GAME at the helm. The Bulls are a lottery team without coach Thibs.
Aaron Earl::Cory Nope - That response has nothing to do with the OP's comment.
Cory Nope::Aaron Earl Yes, it does. They could have all the heart in the world- fact is that they win via coaching. LeBron James couldnt get past Boston UNTIL Thibs went to Chicago. This same squad is a lottery team in the East- minus Thibs calling the shots. It didnt make sense to you because everything has to have a long, drawn out correlation between points A and point B, to most people. Heart isnt keeping this squad around .500, the X's and O's are. 75% of NBA franchises would assure that their head coaching positions were vacant, if they thought that Tom Thibideau had interest. Call it what it is. They may not have this luxury next season, because Thibs was reportedly "angry" over the Deng trade. I could see Brooklyn or the Lakers getting into a bidding war over the guy.
Ben Green::somethin snells good...
Matt Greene::Someone bench nelson until he can learn too knock down his 3 pointers efficently again ! Every game he is 1-4 or 2-6 something horrible Rather just lose badly every game and start Oladipo and affalo at the guard positions and harkless at the forward and nicholson and O quinn at the 4 The vooch at the 5 and let them play until they foul out. They need the exp. Next year we can draft Jabari Parker with the top pick and let him own the NBA . Trade or release Big Baby davis . He always gets jump shots he cant make .
Timothy Lord::They'd easily be 12-26 if he could make some shots.
Matt Greene::Timothy Lord they would easily be 26-12 if he made his missed 3 pointers
Matt Greene::Timothy Lord although i see what you tried too do there it just wasnt that funny
Andrew Choe::Moe Harkless played 46 minutes and shot 100%. Unbelievable efficiency
Kyle Towne::how does boozer only get 1 rebound? i could stand out there and probably get 1
Nick Mann::My guess is because Taj/Noah had 30 between them, and our 3 SF size players combined for another 20....  It's easy to RIP on Boozer for the Bulls problems but people got to realize other than Noah he's been the best player on the court the last 3 years...primarily because Deng is inconsistent on offense even more so than Boozer and Rose being injured.  But still doesn't change the fact that he's been there just about every game which was a concern when the Bulls signed him.  Regardless...a 1 rebound performance in this game is of no concern by Boozer.
Daaim Shabazz::Nick Mann Boozer consistently get 8-9 rebounds per season. You're right that Noah, Gibson and Deng share the boards. Not sure why this is even a point being made.
Nick Mann::Daaim - I agree man, people hate on boozer but you know what....he's not the guy and never has been the guy.  It's been Rose's and Noah's.  Those two in the playoffs have failed to get it done and make it easier for their teammatets, primarily Rose.  Boozer's failures in the playoffs have been there as well but I never realistically looked at him to be the top 1 or 2 guy on the team.    Boozer, even though he's over payed slightly, has come in and done his job the last 3 years and that's all I can ask for.  1 rebound in a triple OT win is the least of my concerns as a Bulls fan.
Eriko Jim::Seems like the Bulls don't need  Deng after all
Jay Zee::Him gone have given Butler and Snell more time to shine.
Eriko Jim::Jay Zee  but they ain't  going past 1st round in April
Jake Gilliland::Eriko Jim I remember people saying that Last Year too against Brooklyn w/out Rose..........
Michael Jordan::I think bulls will cover -5 what yall think
Chris Comeaux::hope u are right,budy !!!!!!!
Denny Anastasopoulos::Bulls win and are playing better as of late. Heat lose their 3rd game in a row. It was a good night in sports.
Josh Sweat::clutch steal and block by Noah what a good game tonight 26pts 18 rebs 6asts 2 stls and a block
Josh Sweat::19rebs sorry
Josh Sweat::2 blks sorry he didnt allow the last shot
Quetcy Santiago::All i see is red
James Gagner::Three overtimes nobody must want to win this one.
Shaun Scipio::More like they both do.
Jordan Applegren::God this team has heart.
James Gagner::Let's go Magic!
Ehud Riven::There was something ironic about the whole clutch shooting in the game - Mike Dunleavy nails one big shot to force a second overtime but misses one later; Jameer Nelson hits one to end regulation, can't get a potential game winner up in time in overtime; Glen Davis sends the game into third overtime, but missed a shot that could have won the game for the Magic.
Liam McKenner::alot of Pressure
Michael Repko::SERIOUSLY??? OVERTIME.....AGAINST THE MAGIC?? Can we get a coach please?? No Boozer in the 4th quarter............no defense in the entire game! Bulls had so many chances to close this one out, but failed plenty of times because no one can step up.......unbelievable!
Matthew L Smith::how does a 3rd overtime make you feel...has your head exploded yet?
Stephen Williams::LOL Get a coach? A lesser coach wouldn't have gotten last years team to the playoffs, or even be holding close to a .500 record with this years team. We just traded away our all star forward, our star pg is out for the year again. Boozer plays no defense, Noah has about 10% offense outside of 5 ft from the basket. I think we're doing okay even if we do go into 3 OT's with the magic. Pretty much starting a B squad every night...
Michael Smith::Are you stupid the Bulls have a great coach
Matt Greene::Nelson would be a nice mentor cheap veteran backup for magic but he still needs to quit shooting 3 pointers in general work off the pick and roll and get to the line or focus more on spreading the ball out or posting up vooch more often , trade big baby davis
Patrick Foote::JImmy Butler has to be one of the 2 or 3 most overrated players in the NBA. In 60 minutes of action, this is his stat line? Somehow he was ranked ahead of guys like Demar Derozan on the preseason player rater.
Phillip Shealy::He isn't rated on his offense he is a great defender something Derozan is not.
Vin Turner::Phillip Shealy Agree. Derozan is a chucker, a taller Monty Ellis, that's all he is.
Adrian DiMarcantonio::bulls are the only team in the nba that think winning 1 game in playoffs is a close series. The only team that played the Heat in the playoffs and didn't win at least one game was the bucks.
Vin Turner::Shut up, that statement has NOTHING to do with this thread!
Nick Mann::Yup, I'm sure that's what the Bulls organization and players have thought/said.  Glad you're in the locker room talkign to the organization.  Great comment!
Jake Gilliland::Ask Deron Williams about "close series" w the Bulls in the Playoffs....
Hiep Huynh::jameer nelson, 30 shot attempts 31 pts. lmaoz.... Maurice Harkless 1 shot attempt.. what happen to this game? lol
Liam Sibson::Seeing Jimmy Butler play 60 Minutes makes me snicker...  Who am I kidding, that's impressive.
Jay Zee::With Luol Deng gone now Jimmy Butler will take up those minutes.
Virl Seribo::way to grind it out.  Big Bulls win coming back from Monday's lackluster performance.  Good job guys
Frank Lee::I guess the positive thing here is that the Bulls have a really good team behind Derrick Rose.
Rocky Rosado::Anybody else think its time to replace Boozer and Hinrich in the starting lineup
Robert Janousek::What's your point?  Gibson has played 5 more minutes than Boozer and yet has 19 less points.
William Vogler::Jabari parker here we come dipo an parker together will be next westbrook durant
Jonah Swidan::Your kidding right?  Bulls aren't getting a lottery pick
William Vogler::I'm a magic fan dude lol
Jonah Swidan::William Vogler my bad, from here it looked like a Bears jersey you were wearing
Liam Sibson::Jimmy Butler basically just played 2 full games.
