ijussoill::No one will ever read this message!
wowfie::You're right!
djrashn::Stan Van Gundy is the greatest coach ever.............
David722249::Washington beat Orlando? WTF! Who does Orlando think they are... the Lakers?
damn334::dwight howard after the loss talking on sportscenter http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-M4XB8JyUc&amp;feature=channel
LETS GO CAPS15::GO Wizards (Bullets)
CandySparker::Seraphin USA
Ian 202128::This team looks ready to make a run in the playoffs!
dbackssunsrattlers::I started betting on sports last year and tried a few pros for picks and never had any real luck. I found a sports betting system called Sportsbettingstar a few months ago surfing the internet one night. It is a 2 game betting system and I have won more money using this system than any other system I have tried so far. I am making the income of a part time job now just following this system. Thought I would share this if anyone out there is trying to find a betting system that actually works
Arigato Mr. Roboto::How about your take a Horse's C.O.C.K up your B.U.N.G. - H.O.L.E and we'll take bets on how long you'll last....
yousername::otis smith, take a hint from the celtics switch positions,  and let dwight be the best pf ever. find a bigger body than dwight if possible to take on some of the physicality that dwight takes. stop bringing in shooters now, we have enough.
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::Dwight should try out for the Wiggles
fliptide...::"<i>....when the Magic suspended Chris Duhon for conduct detrimental to the team. </i>"  The Magic suspend people who are 'detrimental to the team?  My short list:  Otis Smith Bob Van der Weide Stan Van Gundy Jameer Nelson Hedo Turkey Glue whats his name
MiloSmalls96::Dwight Howard could run for office after his career in DC.  Championships and Presidencies!
MiloSmalls96::DC man, Orlando is nice, but DC is where it becomes official.  Stop playing Dwight.  Wake up!
MiloSmalls96::Dwight Howard needs to be in DC.  Think about it.   Obama and Howard!
fliptide...::both have a year left on their current contract --- coincidence?
MiloSmalls96::Wizards need to propose the following trade ... Nene and their 1st Round Pick, to the Magic for Howard.   Done deal, let's go.
Arigato Mr. Roboto::A Vision of the Future Perhaps? ORL needs to get used to this, as they will see more in the Loss column once Howard Leaves. Man the Magic are TRASH w/out Howard.
marat75::Suck it, Magic.
ZaZaFlockaATL::lmao...ORL...to the wiz?
Killabeez93::YEAH do the John Wall. Finally
glenbenstein::Best fantasy site I've ever used, give it a look http://www.fanduel.com/?invitedby=juice03585858&amp;cnl=da
fliptide...::If your 'fantasy' does not include Khloe Kardashian, it is not worthy of this site.
danger321::Just shows how bad we are without dwight. Please trade him and get something in return before he leaves us for nothing.
Edawg7115::MAGIC 2012 -13  world champions      i said it first , just give me credit when its due.    who agrees
damn334::dwight howard after the lost talking on sun sports in florida http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-M4XB8JyUc&amp;feature=channel
yorklinks::bynum shoots 80% in crunch time, is the 3rd most clutch nba player... after irving and melo.... NO KOBE OR LEBRON HAHA FULL CLUTCH RANKINGS http://bustasports.com/?p=784
alternative91::i like the 10 days contract.........KEEPS every players hustling, bustling, begging, and actually PLAY DEFENSE...
GrannyDanger332::The Magic wont make it out of the first round.
kulatan2138::That first round exit this year is going to mean serious house cleaning IF they can find a sucker to take some of these bad players. They might be better off moving dwight in a package with a couple other big contracts to create cap space and start the rebuilding process.
toshsghost::Think anyone wants Dwight now they know he has back issues?  He is Shaq Diesel when Shaq was old and useless.  Should have got Gasol or Bynum when you had the chance Orland-Ho
KingGeorge53::Hey now Orlando.   It's a bit late to get in the lottery.
robm78stoners::did Howard run away or something?
pacocassidy::until lebron realizes that he needs to be robin/alfred for this team the HEAT WILL NOT WIN A TITLE!!  if lebron can never realize this (I dont think he ever will his ego "chosen one" is too large) then the HEAT NEED TO TRADE HIM for Dwight!!!
ic0n2900::weren't you just on the charlotte clevevand chat with this garbage. your infatuation with lebron is weird
pistonfanstill::See, what too many people forget in comparing Jordan with these High School wonderkinds is that he was fundamentally sound from 3 years of study with one of the master teachers of the game, Dean Smith at a college seeped in tradition.  If there were a NBA team with NC ALUM they would be a dynasty.  High Schoolers even Kobe with his dad's legacy dont have that.  KG is known for his respect of older players and deferred to Pierce even though he was the bigger star.  Boston belonged to Pierce and KG to his credit realized that.  James did the same and people call him a Egotist?  Wade is a Superstar who's won a ring and is playing with the same team he came into the NBA with.  An egotist would go to a totally different situation.  James knew he did not have what it took to be an Alpha on a Knick or Brooklyn team expected to win championships.  He deserves credit for realizing his limitations.  He's proven twice he can take bad teams to the Finals.  He just cant finish but its a TEAM sport remember?
pistonfanstill::Look Hater.  IF James had so much of an ego (everyone does you know) he would not have Decided to go to the Heat where Wade is the Alpha.  His Decision was tacky but in fact he made the right choice by realizing his limitations.  Few people can get beyond the hate to realize that James can get any team to the Finals but it will take someone else to close the deal.  IF he had the ego Haters claim he would not have joined Wade.  Miami is Wade's team just like the Celtics were Pierce's team when KG got there.  So u make no real pont at all and just using James as a cover for whats really bothering u because at the end of the day how does it really keep food off ur table?
robm78stoners::Lebron CLEARLY runs Miami... end of story
RockyMountainWay1::Did the Wiz really just beat the mighty Magic?
tizi6969::Wiz w/o Nene and Booker..starting 4 and 5...
Nikoloz3::Without Howard.
Nikoloz3::Wizards are masters of Magic, see what I did there?
tizi6969::If wizards could get a scoring SF, and add Kidd-Gilchrist...they'd be playoff contenders in the east
thabrandon::So is D-12 taking the rest of the season off or something?
lamriverside13::WHAT IN THE WORLD IS HE THINKING??? you tell me  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vO92Q-ZCjm4
huskerfan_03::P-------E-------N---------I---------S
phunky58::orlando ur whole franchise is a mess
CandySparker::Washington with us always
TTTTimm::been a fan since arenas butler and jamison..been painful but next year looks bright!!
TTTTimm::go wiz go!!
Damion62795::Wizards Fans, we have a lot to look forward to next season. Go Wiz!
toshsghost::We do?
GeorgetownDCman::Wiz strike again our winning streak keeps growing!
Mike5790::Roger Mason stunk tonight, or it would have been another 50% PapaJohns deal for Wiz fan.
TheRealBillyWalters01::Dirty deeds done dirt cheap
bigherm11112514::bullcrap , no excuse Orlando Magic. lost $ . you guys owe me bigtime . ya sorry muthasuckas
TheCOR311::yeahp, sorry bigherm...that was a trap game. i woulda never bet on Orlando on that one without Howard. Wasn't confident in the Wiz either, but i bet on Wiz ALOT because Vegas often assumes too much that Wiz will blow. I've made a lot off betting on the Underdog (Wiz)
Jagada209::BigPerm...U have to see those kind of plays. DId u think the Magic was only 4.5 pts better than Wizzards..of course, so the line should have "alerted" you!!! Like Utah last night....you know they werent supposed to be 4 point favs, so U jump on that fake line~ Juss like Jumpin on the Wizzards money line~
_MagiCanes_::$@%!$@% gambler.
KyrieBro::HAHAHAAHAHHAAHAHAH PATHETIC
JJ.Redick4MVP::The Magic have now lost 6 straight on the 2nd night of B2B's.
_MagiCanes_::JJ.Redick4MVP - The Magic have now lost 6 straight on the 2nd night of B2B's.  You would think gamblers would know this.
TheCronoMasterMind::Wizards have beaten OKC already, as well as the 76ers when it meant something, so I guess this doesn't hurt as much. Either way, come on Magic, you need to win these games! Yeah Wall had a great game, so did Seraphin, but you guys need to step it up next time.
Pooie222::lol  ham sammich
Nicholas Obert::Lol McGee was the worst defender of all time. He accounted for about negative 10 wins because he would ignore coaching and hunt for blocks until getting benched repeatedly. Young shot 40percent, never passed or played d. Nene made wiz about a million times better before wiz shut him and booker down in order to do some tanking
Mike5790::the Wizards dumped both of those guys for a ham sammich and picked up 2 guys playing in China that came in, and in their first week looked better with them than with McGoober and Young
Swagger.N.Pomp::yea , but that was when they had javale mcgee and nick young.  i'm pretty sure they accounted for at least half their wins this year.
bluesenator::Replace SVG with JVG and lets go!
Swagger.N.Pomp::no way, jvg too entertaining to listen to.
TheRealBillyWalters01::Wager details for ticket number 117059565-1: Wager Type: Money Line  Wager Status: Win  Risk / To Win Amount: 705.00 / 1,128.00 (USD)    Accepted 4/10/2012 8:09 PM - EST  Won:    1,128.00  Amount Paid:    1,833.00    Sport / Period: NBA Basketball  /  2nd Half   Line:  Washington Wizards  4/10/2012 7:05:01 PM - (EST) +160 Opponent: Orlando Magic
_MagiCanes_::Smart gambler. Not many in here.
