coltranesteelkirt::Lol, at all the Heat fans pumping their chest like they just won the Superbowl....   Twill be a different story when they get Kyrie back and Heat have to face Cleveland in the Playoffs.
RogerHarries::LMAO
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::MANN I WAS SALTY I THOUGHT THE CAVS WOULD WIN AND NOBODY SAY THAT THEY KNEW THE HEAT WAS GONE WIN CUX THEY WAS GETTN THEY $@%!$ BEAT BY THE CAVS  BELIEVE
addis95::Simply put LBJ will never be as great as Jordan. Jordan 6-0 in Finals (6 MVP's). LBJ 1-2 in Finals (1 MVP). Enough with the comparisons already. It's not even close. LBJ will never get those Finals losses off his resume (1 with Cleveland, 1 with Miami - so city can whine THEY BOTH LOST)
warfreakbix::Not getting in the finals before 28 years old is better than getting in the finals before 28 years old and losing?  WTF kind of rationality is that? Logic fail.
jj232830::I agree that LBJ will never be as great as Jordan, but under the above statistics niether will Kobe. LBJ didnt land on a top team, but he made them a playoff team even a finals apperance in his time there. LBJ has 3 season MVP awards, has led the league in scoring, has over 19,000 career points already &amp; after this season it will be 20,000 pts in 10 seasons. His assists, rebounds and steals are almost what kobe has in 16 seasons. Lbj brings to a team what jordan brought, the ability to make teammates better.
Dj3garrett::@ Worst  I bet you blame LeBron James as the reason the US took Bronze home in 2004, huh? Even though he was just finishing his rookie season, 19 at the time and only averaged 5 minutes a game... My point is you hold LeBron and the Heat to a higher standard than everyone else... It's understandable from my point of view because I believe they're a great team but it's confusing from your view because you think they're not that good and rely on ref help...
nba is the worst::Not at all.  lebron is a great player - but after 9 seasons, doesn't compare favorably to MJ with the 1-2 record and the alltime Finals scoring decline.
.antistratfordian.::LeBron's first two seasons were no different than Jordan's years in college.  He was still learning the game... just in a different league.  But both won their first ring in their 7th consecutive year in the playoffs.  LeBron just happened to make it to the finals 3 times in his first 7 years and Jordan only once.
Skynet33::He's obsessed with lebron, probly a disgruntle Cleveland fan even though he won't admit it:)
Dr Killapatient MD::The Phins really needs some receivers. Can't wait till the draft.
Dr Killapatient MD::Ta'o, yeah he would be a nice piece.
Jubin3567::I'm all for solidifying the defense and nabbing that LB out of Notre Dame
Skynet33::Is it just my phone but I can't get on the dolphins blog.  Has anyone tried?
cbbaseball19::Bummer same thing is happening with the Panthers board. Oh wait..............................
Dj3garrett::nba is the worst Why wouldn't the spurs sweep the Pistons? They swept the team that beat them, right? ------------------------------------------------ It's called match-up... The Pistons that year matched up better with the Spurs because of no athletic player like LeBron... The Pistons had no answer for LeBron and they kept leaving Tayshaun by himself (he hasn't been the same defensive player since)... The Spurs had Bruce Bowen and they tripled teamed LeBron... Just better coaching on the Spurs side...
nba is the worst::meaningless speculation. No way to tell what "would have" happened.
Yup I am here.::Exactly. If the Pistons had gone it would have went 6-7 games that year
oneandonlybabe::With all this stat comparison, I'd like to know what are the chances of my slumping Giants repeating next February... slim to none?
nba is the worst::Good team, I wouldn't bet against them after last year's performance
oneandonlybabe::we'll see....
nba is the worst::Not true - still more games left, and they lead the division
oneandonlybabe::worst, I just know how to pick them... Eli and Lebron can find amazing ways to annoy me. All of the sudden Eli's forgotten how to play!
cbbaseball19::They are going to lose tonight!
oneandonlybabe::Yes, I already decided I wasn't worrying about it, it's useless.
Jubin3567::I think we all know whose winning it this year. Lakers are a ticking time bomb with Ko-me ready to explode any second, Boston is past their contending days, and NY is well....NY
oneandonlybabe::Oh how I would love to see the Grizz as champions!!!
Jubin3567::History says LeBron doesn't lose in the 1st round comrade !
nba is the worst::Since you seem to give history an unreasonable amount of weight, the heat will lose in the 1st round just like in 2007!
Jubin3567::They usually run into some post-season woes. I feel like the Clippers or Spurs will give them some turbulence. Maybe the Lakers face them in the first round and beat them only to lose in their patented 2nd round elimination.
Jubin3567::Grizzlies are my only concern. The Clip show is manageable
nba is the worst::Grizzlies or Clippers?
LeWade Dwyames.::i think we can all agree that nba is the worst is a joke and instead of watching games he goes straight to the box score and judges the outcome on FT difference, this guy should not be taken seriously, he also suffers from an extreme case of biasedness
nba is the worst::Only a heat fan would claim I'm going straight to a box score DURING GAMES I'M ONLINE DURING AND COMMENTING ON THROUGHOUT
raul7794::nba is the worst - And just psychically commenting on wade's flops and waiters' threes...  smh  Dude you are the biggest troll
LeWade Dwyames.::congratz you know how to read comments
nba is the worst::And just psychically commenting on wade's flops and waiters' threes...  smh
LeWade Dwyames.::apparently doing everything except watching the game
cbbaseball19::10-3 &gt; 8-3
nba is the worst::MIKE &gt; JR
cbbaseball19::Oh yeah!!!
Dj3garrett::EAGLENATION98 Im not saying that everyone else on the mavs sucked or that the cavs were good, but lebron could never finish... he choked. --------------------------------------- How is it considered him choking if he lost to superior teams? The only time LeBron choked was during the 11' finals... The Cavs were just a regular season team like the Bulls the last two seasons... How was LeBron supposed to beat a prime Duncan, Ginobli, and Parker with Popovich coaching? What about Garnett, Rondo, Pierce and Allen with Doc and Thibbedeau coaching? Or when Howard, Hedo, Nelson, and Lewis were all allstars with Van Gundy coaching?
EAGLENATION98::Listen, i'm not saying that lebron isn't good or that he didn't play good teams, but he got his team to the finals (i give him props for that) but he just couldn't finish it off.
nba is the worst::so the '11 Finals choke isn't enough?  How about the '07 choke (# 4 alltime Finals scoring decline at the time)
Sacjai::Cleveland featured B00bie Gibson, Larry Hughes, Eric Snow, Damon Jones, Donyell Marshall, and Drew Gooden at the time.
Yup I am here.::LOL. No one, but you, considers 2007 a choke by Lebron.  The Spurs were no joke then. Give them the respect they deserve.
Dj3garrett::He was 21 at the time and the Spurs tripled him in every game cause B.ooby Gibson and Larry Hughes couldn't do anything...
Dj3garrett::EAGLENATION98 listen, lebron needed wade for his first ring.  who did nowitzki have? ------------------------------------------------------ The Mavs payroll that year was at 94 million I believe... He had a whole lot of help including a massive choke job by LeBron James... If LeBron plays average they sweep the Mavs... Anyone who says Dirk is better than LeBron must be either high or re.tarded... Which one are you?
Jubin3567::Lets just overlook Tyson Chandler, Shawn Marion, Jason Kidd, JJ Barea, Wade's injury casued by The Custodian, and Terry !
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::To <b> 'worst' </b>  Repeats without Phil Jackson as head coach: 1987-1988 Lakers: Started 11-6, Repeat 1989-1990 Pistons: Started 13-10, Repeat 1994-1995 Rockets: Started 13-8, Repeat
nba is the worst::Why keep changing the total of games?  21 games on 2, 23 on the '90 pistons
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::Compare the Heat to those teams after 21 and 23 games.
nba is the worst::So if it's not a consistent number of games, how will  we compare this year's heat?
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::To prove that teams can start out slow and still repeat.
oneandonlybabe::"1989-1990 Pistons: Started 13-10, Repeat "  Ah... good memories!
EAGLENATION98::nowitzki&gt;lebron
EAGLENATION98::I'd like to know how Magic has anything to do with this.
Yup I am here.::Shows how a Superstar can overcome anything... As we saw last year against OKC
EAGLENATION98::Wow. If you think that the NBA would actually be rigged. Dirk played like the all-star that he always has been.
Yup I am here.::Bought
EAGLENATION98::Im not saying that everyone else on the mavs sucked or that the cavs were good, but lebron could never finish... he choked.
Yup I am here.::lol. Not talking about 1980.  So you never heard of the term "Tragic Johnson"  Look it up
nba is the worst::Err - Magic led the Lakers to the title his rookie season with Kareem hurt - not tragic at all.  In comparison lebron has the alltime Finals record scoring decline in '11
Yup I am here.::Well he finished last year. If you recall Magic used to be called Tragic because of his performance in the Finals
EAGLENATION98::That's what i'm trying to say... dirk is so hard working and he has tons of natural talent and talent that he has worked for. Dirk was amazing in 2011 and I think that he carried his team without another all-star... something i don't think lebron can say.
nba is the worst::This type of "would have" speculation is 100% meaningless - and you seriously want to claim any argument is "invalid"?  Heat played the Mavs the previous year, right?  Laughable!
Yup I am here.::Wow. Match-ups make fights. If you were as seasoned as you say you would know this. Pistons vs Spurs went 7 the previous year. They match-up well with the Spurs.  Your argument is not valid
nba is the worst::Why wouldn't the spurs sweep the Pistons?  They swept the team that beat them, right?
Yup I am here.::Worst you are so off.  So you think the Pistons would have gotten swept that year against the Spurs?  You are off your game today buddy!
Yup I am here.::What did Dirk do when he was 27? OR  When he had another great player with him?
nba is the worst::the east was ridiculously weak in '07, as the Finals sweep proved.
oneandonlybabe::Well maybe we can give Lebron time and if he goes back to Cleveland later on he may be able to carry the team to a championship without other all star players ? Dirk was older and had been around longer then.
Yup I am here.::lol. Cuban bought that ring. Real talk  The one condition was he had to bust up the team afterwards
LeBron to Allen for the win......BANG::Do you not remeber LeBron getting the CAVS to the finals?? That team was so much worse than the MAVS. He just couldnt get anyone to contribute to ANYTHING.
oneandonlybabe::Seriously though Dirk was pure gold in that finals and I was truly happy he got his ring.
EAGLENATION98::listen, lebron needed wade for his first ring. who did nowitzki have?
Dj3garrett::Dirk needed a huge choke job by the best player in the game...
oneandonlybabe::Ironically enough, Lebron on the other team.  Now you made me remember how annoyed I was with his performance.
Yup I am here.::lol. lol. What was Dallas' payroll that year?  Lowest in the NBA?
miami360x::Giants &gt; Redskins &gt; Cowboys &gt; Eagles
EAGLENATION98::at everything
nba is the worst::"Well, he was in the 2011 post-season.    Led all players in pts+rebs+ast"
Yup I am here.::you did no such thing. Where in yours do you say which one is the better player all-around?  The dude said in everything....
nba is the worst::I did in mine.
Yup I am here.::lol. You are silly. I asked you a question straight up and you dodged.  Did he put a year on his initial post?
nba is the worst::You certainly can't argue that lebron outperformed Dirk in the '11 postseason, can you?
Yup I am here.::Wait. He said Dirk is better period... In everything.  You agree Worst? This will tell me really what's up
nba is the worst::Well, he was in the 2011 post-season.  Led all players in pts+rebs+ast
Yup I am here.::lol. Comedian you are.
Yup I am here.::At 3-pointers?  I agree
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::According to 'worst', all the Bulls titles in the early 90's are irrelevant, since they happened over 20 years ago!
nba is the worst::I never said irrelevant - I'm pointing out that repeats without Phil Jackson are quite rare.
nba is the worst::You inferred it erroneously - I implied nothing of the kind
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::You said "18 years ago". Clearly you are implying that it is irrelevant, since it happened so long ago.
nba is the worst::You are claiming I'm "ruling something out".  Not true.
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::Repeats without Phil have happened. And you can't rule them out just because it makes your opinions false.   The 89-90 Pistons started 13-10, had no problem repeating.
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::You see people, when 'nba is the worst' is proven wrong, he starts spewing nonsense. It's not helping you in any way.
nba is the worst::Seems like you're the one "posting nonsense".  Please continue!
nba is the worst::hey, I already admitted I was wrong.  My sincere apologies!
HeatleHitMane::Provide your source for the Ray Allen/Jason Terry stats. (Please Continue!)
HeatleHitMane::Amen
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::To Worst: The 01 Lakers fresh off an NBA Championship, actually ended up starting the season 14-7.   The 94-95 Rockets started the season 13-8. They had no problem repeating.  Also, the 97-98 Bulls, fresh off a back-to-back, started the season 12-8.     All 3 went on to win the title. This proves that it doesn't matter how the teams start the season (which btw, the Heat are 10-3), it's how they finish it.
nba is the worst::IMO it proves that Phil Jackson knows how to coach teams to repeats or in the case of the Bulls, a threepeat, not that how focused the team is isn't an indicator of playoff success  Spurs started out 15-6 after their asterisk title...
Yup I am here.::Why did the Heat win game 1? Oh yeah they had 14+ more free throws.....  REFS cheated for Boston in game 3. They had more free throws. that's why they won that game.  The Cheating in game 5 was those bogus calls on Lebron to foul him out. Cheating for the celtics. But hey, we are used to that. Hawks vs Celtics anyone?  Celtics should not have even made it past the Hawks, lol.
nba is the worst::Finals, heat +17 ftas.   games 1-3 of the ECF, heat +14 fts total  gm 5, c"s 27 fts, heat 25 - cheating?
Yup I am here.::Wait. Why didn't you list the free throw discrepancy for games 1-3?  And against the Celtics, since we are playing if...  The Heat would have won game 5, but the REFS cheated for Boston.   You still think one or 2 instances makes a series. Look against OKC the Thunder got outplayed. There were many missed calls for both sides in that series. Forget that. You need to talk about the things the Thunder could control and why they didn't execute.
nba is the worst::Rose was healthy in '11, and the bulls had won every meeting without a double-digit ft margin.  In the playoffs up 2-1, Heat get +18 and +13 fg margins in gms 4 and 5.  last season, Celtics missing their starting SG get hosed gm 2 with the heat handed 47-29 fts, huge no-call when wade hit Rondo in the face with the score tied in OT. Series "would have" been done in 5.  Finals, gm 2 tied, lebron fouls KD in a tie game, no call.  gm 4, westbrook 3 fts on 32 FGs, etc, etc
Yup I am here.::Key members out? In the East it would not have made a difference who was there. Rose was healthy in 2011... What happened? That Orlando team in 2012 would not have beat the Heat WITH Dwight either.  Massive ref help? Please. They just had the better players. The REFS didn't make OKC miss all those shots or commit all those turnovers. Nor did they make Harden stink up the joint.
nba is the worst::Key members of other teams out for the season, massive ref help in the playoffs.
Yup I am here.::How was it paved?
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::Why does it matter? So all the Bulls titles in the early 90's don't matter since they were 20 years ago?
nba is the worst::Tomjanovitch, 18 years ago.  heat had the way paved to the Finals last season, not gonna happen this year.  ('95 Rockets only won 47 games, clearly an exception)
Yup I am here.::A few coaches do. There have been quite a number of back to backs.
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::Rudy Tomjanovich?   And who are you to say that Spolestra isn't capable of getting this team focused? Remember, the Heat lost in the Finals in 2011, but regrouped and ended up making the Finals the very next year.
HeatleHitMane::Shhhh. Worst might actually learn something. On second thought.......
HeatleHitMane::nba is the worst  Last team to repeat, the '10 Lakers, went 18-3 through Dec 11th and 26-6 by Jan 1st.  Heat will play their 21st game Dec 15 and their 32nd Jan 6th - we will soon see if they measure up -----------  Measure up?.....To what? Your delusional opinion of what a "repeat" should look like early in the regular season. You and the rest of the hater trolls continue to make yourselves look stupid beyond repair.
J DOGG942::It has only happened 4 or 5 times. Bill Russell, Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant, Bad boy Pistons, Housten Rockets, Shaq, so what are you talking about it is rare. It has happened 6 or 7 times because i forget if Magic, Bird, or Duncan did.
Yup I am here.::Magic did
nba is the worst::Ever hear that it's rare to repeat?  There's even a term for it, the championship hangover.  The heat's 26th in opponents' points isn't real positive, is it?
brandonlee561heat22::Andy Varejao = Justin Guarini ?
J DOGG942::Ya is he on the Wizards
nba is the worst::Who's Justin Guarini?
brandonlee561heat22::I think he was on American idol or something
LeBron to Allen for the win......BANG::My name says it all for the 2nd time this season!!!
J DOGG942::or 0 more times. JK
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::I wouldn't be surprised if that happens again 3-4 more times this season.
Yup I am here.::I agree oneandonlybabe. That's why I didn't get why some Celtic fans were saying Ray would have a horrible year. I guess they didn't fully realize that He was going to play with Lebron, lol
oneandonlybabe::I hope it does.  In this Terry vs Allen argument, one thing hasn't been mentioned and that is Lebron's role which to me makes a big difference.
nba is the worst::"kaboom"
Yup I am here.::Ray is having a better year than Terry. Ray is shooting better and Averaging more points, assists, rebounds, steals, blocks while averaging less turnovers than Terry.
oneandonlybabe::Ah I used to take Worst's stats at face value. Don't tell me I have to start doubting him. And I thought that was the one thing he was good at.
oneandonlybabe::Oh it's Ok. I'm just too lazy to look up the stats for myself. I will just take yours a little less literally.
nba is the worst::Ha ha, nobody's perfect.  and feel free to doubt, this wasn't the 1st time and I'm sure it won't be the last
nba is the worst::False.  FG%, Terry .515, Ray .510 PPG, Terry 15.5, Ray 12.8 Ast, Terry 2.3, Ray 2.2
Yup I am here.::And how are you going to correct me? I said he is averaging 1 assist. You tried to be smart and say something like 2.3, lol.  Get out of here
Yup I am here.::You are so off. You can take 3-point shooting out. Ray is close in all-around field goal shooting and killing Terry in 3-point field goal % while shooting more
nba is the worst::3-pt shooting is a subset of fg shooting.  So you were wrong to say ray is shooting better, since terry is.
Yup I am here.::And Ray still beats him in all those categories. ANd I said shooting better. That indicates I was talking about 3pt shooting as well. You were ALL they way off with your posts though.  Read my original post. I said Ray is shooting better. That shows I was talking about 2's and 3's
nba is the worst::You didn't say 3-pt shooting until now.  Also, Terry's avg 1.7 ast/gm, not 1
Yup I am here.::When I said shooting better I am talking about FG% along with 3-point percentage. Ray also shoots more shots than Terry and he tops terry. Now if you just look at FG% then yes Terry has him by a hair, but Ray kills him in 3-pt shooting
nba is the worst::Terry at .515 FG is ahead of ray at .510, right?
Yup I am here.::Ray shoots more 3's and is much more efficient that Terry.  not even close
nba is the worst::my bad - I was using basketball reference .com, eyes slipped a line.  I'm still right about fg% ;)
Yup I am here.::I do not get why you just won't go look up Terry's stats while you are here on ESPN
Yup I am here.::No. Dude. What are you reading? Terry is averaging 11. You are looking bad right now  He is also only averaging 1 assist
nba is the worst::I posted wrong info -  you were right about the ppg, ast, rebs, steals, blocks, and turnovers
Yup I am here.::Like I said Ray is beating dude in all those stats
Yup I am here.::Are you insane? Go look at his stats. I am looking at both players' stats tight now.  You can read I know
Sacjai::The story about Irving meeting Battier, "a fellow Duke product", is kind of silly.  Battier was a real college student there for 4 years.  Irving stayed on campus for six months, played 12 games, and probably barely attended classes.
KobeBryant_got_chin_slapped_ByDrexlersBags::And the Boston Celtic fans are crying like babies this morning. Saying we want Ray back!
J DOGG942::He has not been as spectacular as last year
Excelscior1::I will acknowledge Ray has been good for the Heat. But he's also had his silent/quiet days where he doesn't do much. It' s just that when he plays well, he's usually clutch or spectacular. Now, Terry has had his good and quieter days like Ray as well. However, he can also handle, pass the ball and get his own shot off the dribble. Ray may be a little taller with more spring off of his jumpshot, but Terry's high archer, quickness and cross over and/or step back ability, make up for that.
nba is the worst::Terry's out shooting Ray so far, with slightly less ast and ppg.   Ray's won more than 1 game on an ast from lebron.  Seems like both teams are happy
nba is the worst::I was wrong - incorrect transcription of stats is different than making stuff up. I'll edit!
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::@Worst  What were you saying about Heat fans making stuff up. I've seen more than a handful of invalid post from you. lol
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::@Yup  Correct
Yup I am here.::Wrong. Terry is averaging 11 and Ray is out shooting him. Where do you find your stats?
Excelscior1::Cough Cough  Ahhh. NO!!
StreetKingofHtown::Condolences to Kevin McHale on the lost of his daughter.
brandonlee561heat22::Thats horrible
nba is the worst::+1
Excelscior1::Wow!  God Bless K. McHale.
oneandonlybabe::That's a tough one.
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::I guess that's the personal matter he was attending. Heart goes out to him and his family.
I Am Eminem::Kwame Brown &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; LeBron James
J DOGG942::Wow someone dosent like LBJ
KobeBryant_got_chin_slapped_ByDrexlersBags::^Bwahahaha what an idiot!
nba is the worst::Last team to repeat, the '10 Lakers, went 18-3 through Dec 11th and 26-6 by Jan 1st.  Heat will play their 21st game Dec 15 and their 32nd Jan 6th - we will soon see if they measure up
nba is the worst::Or perhaps it proves that Phil knows how to coach a team to repeat (or in the case of the '98 Bulls, threepeat).  Spurs started out 15-6 after their asterisk title...
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::Interesting you say that, because the 01 Lakers fresh off an NBA Championship, actually ended up starting the season 14-7.  Also, the 97-98 Bulls, fresh off a back-to-back, started the season 12-8.   Both went on to win the title. This proves that it doesn't matter how the teams start the season (which btw, the Heat are 10-3), it's how they finish it.
Excelscior1::MMmmmh. Miami has stolen quite a few games out of the jaws of death at the last minute this year. Some, against not so great teams as well.
oneandonlybabe::They look like somewhat undisciplined so far, having to step it up when their backs are against the wall. It may come back to haunt them.
nhraven52::Thats a good sign.Winning close games will prepare them for the playoffs.
oneandonlybabe::I like how we posted totally opposite opinions at the same time. It can go either way I guess.
nba is the worst::That's a bad sign. They should be destroying 3-win teams
Yup I am here.::Shuttlesworth
nhraven52::Varejao is having a great season.Maybe an All Star??
Yup I am here.::Tough game, but the Heat pulled through it
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::Would not be surprised if the Pistons beat the Knicks today.
J DOGG942::Ya detroit has alot of talent in Greg Monroe, Brandon Knight, Rodney Stuckey, etc.  They just don't use all their talents
Excelscior1::Detroit will play hard and spirited defense. They just lack firepower. However, if Detroit has the lead late, Knicks may panic, self destruct and lose the game.
nba is the worst::Ha ha, Knicks are 11.5 pt favorites
nba is the worst::true, but irrelevant.
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::Bottom line is, they were favored in both games.
nba is the worst::Big difference between being favored by 3 on a road B2B and favored by 11.5 at home coming off an embarrassing loss.  Knicks will roll over the Pistons.
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::They were favorite vs a mediocre 5-7 Houston team, and still lost. It's the NBA, sh*t happens.
nba is the worst::Yes and after reviewing all those facts and analyzing them, the knicks will win decisively tonight, coming off B2B road losses vs a 3-win team at home.
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::Were the Knicks not 8-2?  Were the Rockets not a mediocre 5-7 and 3-3 at home?
nba is the worst::Are the Pistons 1-7 on the road?  Are the Knicks undefeated in MSG?
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::Were they favorites vs Houston?
nhraven52::nba is the worst Short season asterisk title - bfd  Youre the only one who uses the asterisk.Until i hear players or coaches use it, then its useless to post that garbage.
nba is the worst::Only one reason for such a defensive post.  <b>The truth hurts!</b>
Yup I am here.::Lol. What would those 16 games have done in the regular season? The Heat would have missed the playoffs? They would not have gotten the number 2 seed?
koke3599::Playoffs genius.....
oneandonlybabe::12/21/12 is less than a month away anyway.
nba is the worst::So 66 is the same as 82?  ludicrous.
nhraven52::I never said it about the Spurs, and i'll never say it about Miami.They all played the same amount of games.
koke3599::The day people are affected by your posts is the day the world ends
MSU SPARTAN PRIDE - PISTONS RULEZ::I think my pistons ill beat the knicks today.
oneandonlybabe::Really? Ok. hehe
oneandonlybabe::Not one compelling game today (to me at least) Spurs and OKC should win with relative ease.  I guess I can try Portland/Broklyn
oneandonlybabe::Meant to say Spurs and Knicks not OKC
nhraven52::Nowhere near as many Heat haters on these boards as there were in the past.As long as they keep winning, haters will run and hide.
Dr Killapatient MD::Yep, that's how it's always been. The haters just need to find a new job, because they suck at their bitterness. Back to the unemployment line.
Trent taking it to the house::think again.lol
nhraven52::oh its a fact.You losers are being exposed.
nba is the worst::Treydey10   Stars have always gotten the benefit of the whistle, fair or unfair that's the way it is. As a Knick fan, you must have hated the 90's Jordan got every call there was lol. -=-=- Funny you should bring up MJ, here's a couple of enlightening stats:    MJ most fts in a Finals game, 21, Wade 25.    MJ least fts in a Finals game, 0, Wade 5
koke3599::Just a difference of about 4-5 FTs? Nice......
nba is the worst::Yet wade had MJ beat in both categories in just 11 Finals games.  How many Finals games did MJ play in, while supposedly "getting every call", to have his best come in well below B. Wade's alltime ft record series?
Trent taking it to the house::Will never respect Lequit no matter how many rings that girl gets. Good day.bye.
Trent taking it to the house::Lequit is all about himself,he doesnt care for his fans one bit. He will leave Miami soon when things arent perfectly aligned for him. The most arrogant athlete ever.
oneandonlybabe::It's good that you stand by your convictions no matter what.  I wonder if most people in Cleveland will feel the same or they will forget and kiss and make up.
nhraven52:::(
oneandonlybabe::What if he goes back to Cleveland? Not that you have to respect him but will you be happy for that? just curious.
oneandonlybabe::No I wasn't joking, like I said I was curious. Fair enough. I still think he'll end up back there but of course you don't have to like it. Totally your choice.
Trent taking it to the house::you are joking? I dont want him anywhere near Cleveland.
Trent taking it to the house::and he is not even top 20 of all-time
MSU SPARTAN PRIDE - PISTONS RULEZ::truth big ticket  celtics sux bro
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::Wrong board.
Excelscior1::True.   Pierce should be played 33 min a game, and even skip some back to backs against scrubs. And/or Green should definitely play more. He can be the Celtics X Factor. He should only get better.
Dj3garrett::Hell no...
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::Pierce has lost a step on defense, and he would still be playing in the 4th. I just don't want to see him playing 33-35 minutes a night for 82 games.
Dj3garrett::Green is inconsistent who plays no defense and Pierce is a champion that knows how to get it done... Pierce is one of the best players in the 4th quarter...
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::Why not?
Dr Killapatient MD::The Heat still gettin it done at home. Man I can't wait for the playoffs.
Dj3garrett::nba is the worst What about differential and per game don't you get? --------------------------------------------------- The Heat have won a combined 30 playoff games out of 44 games played the last two seasons... The Heat are normally leading late in those games which forces other teams to foul in order to stop the clock... When that starts to happen the Heat get any where from 6-12 extra (intentionally) free throws... On top of that, the Heat have to superstars who struggle with jump shots but love to drive and only drive... Also teams go into series looking to get physical with the Heat... Physical play means more fouls on that team...
nba is the worst::So any of that essay change the facts?
nba is the worst::Short season asterisk title - bfd
Dj3garrett::hahaha no it didn't change the facts... The Heat are still the Champions... I see you got your little sidekick mad Cavs fan... haha
Trent taking it to the house::nope
Bamm7272::Are you trying to reason with "worst"?   Good luck.
warfreakbix::Eh, I'm letting the troll go.  Boring, he needs a new M. O., he's becoming predictable and there's nothing more boring than predictable.
Trespayne::Glad to see Lebron is still owning the $@%!-hole Cavs.
RNYC::3 all stars should win a title. LBJ raising his game and elevating the team why are the heat paying Spo?
MSU SPARTAN PRIDE - PISTONS RULEZ::Dude. He is Riley's protege and he won one. He's not going anywhere anytime soon so there's no use in complaining.
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::'worst', I see that once stats prove your points wrong, you go on to blaming the refs as to why Miami won. The bottom line is, Miami has been winning games without any ref help this season.
nba is the worst::What stats "prove me wrong", exactly?  I've been saying since the beginning of the year that the league has dialed back the ridiculous ref help for the heat this season, now that lebron got a ring*
nba is the worst::6 pts, from 1 player in 1 game, vs defensive totals from 11-13 games.  Which dataset has more value?
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::25 on 8-17 shooting.   He dropped 31 on 13-17 shooting vs the Knicks.
nba is the worst::How many pts did Parsons score on the heat, son?  Please "prove" how the heat are "better defensively".  I'll wait!
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::You're a Knicks fan who is calling the Heat a poor defensive team, when the Knicks can't even guard a guy like Chandler Parsons.
nba is the worst::Did I say the Knicks were better defensively?  It's a fact that the Knicks are 17th in defensive efficiency, to the heat's 23rd. 12th in points against, to the heat's 26th.  You were posting 3-pt defense only
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::You started bringing up stats pertaining to how Miami is a poor defensive team, and then I proved to you, they're better defensively than the Knicks.
RNYC::Coach Spo is such a tool. His best play is "lebron make something happen for us"
MSU SPARTAN PRIDE - PISTONS RULEZ::ur an idiot and if he drew up more plays and they fail ull say why doesnt spo just let lebron try and create something
RNYC::"D wade your turn"
Dj3garrett::So NBAisTheWorst is on here b.itching about refs again... Who would have thought???? Hahahaha this guy (or girl because he/she whines a lot) is on a Heat board 24/7... Literally!!!
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Why would Heat fans bring up FT differential of the 2012 playoffs? All they can say is <b>champions</b> Lol
nba is the worst::yet, if you scroll down, nidadan brought it up
nba is the worst::I didn't bring it up, heat fans did.  Carry on!
nba is the worst::Funny you should bring up MJ, here's a couple of enlightening stats:  MJ most fts in a Finals game, 21, Wade 25.  MJ least fts in a Finals game, 0, Wade 5
Treydey10::nba is the worst - So hack a shaq is the same as "breathe on Wade"? no alltime record ftas in a finals series for Shaq - but 97 (in just 6 games) for wade is!  Stars have always gotten the benefit of the whistle, fair or unfair that's the way it is. As a Knick fan, you must have hated the 90's Jordan got every call there was lol.
nba is the worst::So hack a shaq is the same as "breathe on Wade"?  no alltime record ftas in a finals series for Shaq - but 97 (in just 6 games) for wade is!
Treydey10::nba is the worst - because in the Finals the heat got +17 fts?  How about Shaq going to the line 39 times in 2 of the 2000 finals and 38 times in game 4. You never talk about that, it's only about the Heat.
nba is the worst::because in the Finals the heat got +17 fts?
Treydey10::Worst why don't you ever bring up the amount of times Durant goes to the line??
Bamm7272::I'm proud of "worst".   She shows up to troll after every Heat game win or lose. Sadly for her, she is always trying to blame the refs, the opponent, David Stern, and maybe Obama? For every Heat win, and boy are there many...  But it's fun to laugh at her and her "unbiased" breakdown of HEAT games :)
warfreakbix::She prolly's not getting much attention at home, so she's here to troll everything Heat.
nidadan::Basing refs siding on teams by looking  at FTA attempts in the playoffs is laughable and biased as hell. Obviously the team that made it farther would average more FTs....
warfreakbix::Knicks is synonymous to futility &amp; ineptness in the past years.  I mean webster is thisclose to adding that to the dictionary.
nba is the worst::three new starters this year. Past is irrelevant.
nba is the worst::So you can't comprehend that looking at avg per game and differential per game normalizes the numbers?  heat lead all teams that got out of the 1st round in those stats.  smh
nba is the worst::+27 fts in one half, got that?  8 on 5 is hard to beat, silly
warfreakbix::The K-N-I-C-K-S, got that?
nba is the worst::32 fts in one half - that's the definition of massive ref help.  "Let that sink in"
warfreakbix::The Knicks, let that sink in..............
nba is the worst::Funny you would mention the Knicks, when the refs handed the heat a 32-5 ft differential IN THE 1ST HALF of playoff game 1...
warfreakbix::They played the Knicks, please comprehend that.
warfreakbix::There's this thing called math, the troll doesn't understand.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Nba is the worst, since you are still here.   YOU KNOW it is a proven fact that Lebron and Wade's ft go up in the playoffs AND you know that we are BETTER SHOOTING team than last year, so why are you trying to say that we are worse when you know that defensively we will improve? Other than Ray Allen, you have no solid reason why our team defense cant improve? <b>We are essentially the same team! lmao</b>   So anyways, another championship unless the Grizzlies get past the Spurs. Then I will have to think about it.
nba is the worst::How's Rashard's defense? ;)  Perhaps you don't get how rare repeating is - it's been 18 years since a team that didn't have Phil Jackon coaching did it
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::nba is the worst - I can agree with "we will see" - speculating on the future is meaningless, especially with potential health situations in full seasons...  ------------------------------------------------------------- Goes both ways. You dont know if Marc Gasol or Rudy Gay can injure themselves once again..the Grizzlies had their chances but were spoiled because of injuries.   I know you would hate that but that is the nature of the game.
nba is the worst::I can agree with "we will see" - speculating on the future is meaningless, especially with potential health situations in full seasons...
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::I know but you are bringing up this defensive numbers to say that it is the reason that the Heat will lose, but you are forgetting that the Heat are a defensive minded team! They know their mistakes, and they will fix it. The offensive improvement is icing on the cake!   Also, as long as Rashard commits to defending and rebounding IN THE SECOND QUARTER lol, I dont see him being at fault if we lose.   I know it is rare, but I am taking the chance. The only teams that can beat us are in the Western Conference (as of right now) so if that stays, we will see.
