Alexander Banks::That's the difference between Pacers fans and Heat "fans":  1) We don't care that George didn't score a boatload of points, because you don't need a star to do everything when you play TEAM ball.  2) We understand basketball, so we realize the best thing George did all night was occupy two defenders.   19-3/10-0
Jonah Swidan::Well said my fellow fan!
Bryce Morgan::from reading most of the responses...the Pacers fans came out first screaming about George. being better
Jose Klatter::Jonah Swidan You meant dreamer? I agree.
Alec Legg::"I've been following Lebron since he was in college"-Heat "fans"
Amir Shirazi::Lmao
Piper Collins::Start working from home as of today... You can work for 3-5 hours a day and earn $3000 a week... Weekly payments, simple job for which you only need a computer and a reliable internet connection>Sign up today on following website and get your first paycheck by the end of this week >>   WWW.WAMJOBS.COM
Jeremy Pastrick::Pacers win!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Suck it Heat!!!! lmao
Adam Bennett::Try beating us in the playoffs then you can talk...until then, enjoy your regular season win.
Jeremy Pastrick::I will soooooooooooooo much. You enjoy your loss tonight. When you wake tomorrow remember we beat you just yesterday!
Michael Jenkins::Jeremy Pastrick also jeremy make sure you tell adam to get them tissues and excuses ready for the playoffs!
Alexander Banks::I'm loving the post-game interviews from the Pacers.   They're saying, "This game is over. It's time to focus on the Bobcats."  It's one thing for the Heat to say this game doesn't matter . . . then come out playing like it's life or death only to lose. It's way better for the Pacers to say EVERY game is a big deal . . . then come out and get the win only to brush it off and move on.  I love this team!
Yoonki Ethan Park::But what celebrities say to the press and actually think are very different if you've noticed. Players have publicists and each team has media personnel watching over them.
Mark Randy Myers::Yoonki Ethan Park ..Media personnel,, watching over them.. laugh at that.. if it was angels that might be good , but Media personnel.. might as well say paparatzi
Alexander Banks::Yoonki Ethan Park, I don't know what planet you're from, but here on earth, athletes say stupid sh*t in post game all the time.  Even if these are prepared answers, it just demonstrates how well coached and coachable they are.   That's even better!
Mark Sugimoto::"Who is this Alonzo Mourning you speak of?" Miami Heat fans since 2011
Keith Haemmerle::He was LeBrons coach in college...
Amir Shirazi::Keith hahahhaha
Matthew Joseph::Big Zo is that dude though. Block mastaaaa
Julie Price::So funny when people say Lebron won with an all star team....then say Bosh is weak and overrated and Wade is washed up. lol Which is it?
Nima Soleimani::Stop making sense. These people won't understand!
Gennie Dovic::Whichever is most convenient at any given time, haha
Jonah Swidan::Nima Soleimani who you talking about?
Shawn Bento::LeBron quitting... not the first time we've heard that.
Brandon Tigues::well the games over now..it was loss on that air ball he shot up..smh
Josue Tamarez::Lebron's 2 rings what?
Andreo Miller::Josue Tamarez Kobe five rings what?
George Jimas::i think indiana wins because this means so much to them and their fans. for some reason they feel what you do in the regular season actually matters. look for hibbert, PG, and west to play 40+ minutes, while lebron, wade, and bosh will play in the low to mid thirties. after the win, pacers fans will declare that they're the best team in the league and talk about how they will win the championship, just like chicago fans did in 2011. if the pacers lose, their fan base will either say this game doesn't matter, or they will blame the refs.
Zack Schooler::I think it is funny that Heat fans keep accusing other fans of making the claim that they talk about how the regular season not mattering. The Heat fans were the ones that were all over the place talking about how the regular season doesn't matter, and whenever they didn't win they just used the excuse that the Heat clearly weren't trying when LBJ and Bosh went there. It is really one of the funnier things to see Heat fans doing this.   Also, zero percent chance Hibbert plays 40+ minutes unless this goes to about 6 overtimes.
Dereck Johnson::George, its funny bc you are talking about Pacer fans talking about winning championships b4 they've even won one. The Heat players would never do that would they. Also its funny that you're already making excuses for losing b4 the games even played. Then u act like the Pacers are the only ppl who care about winning this game. The Heat want 2win this game just as bad as the Pacers do. Its clear that it will be the Pacers vs the Heat again in the ECF and with everything that's happen between these teams, this game matters a lot 2both teams. Its not the end of the world for the losing team or anything but for confidence & bragging rights it does matter. The crowd will be loud & this will have a playoffs feel 2it. Whoever wins this game their fans will most def be on here talking trash. I love how most fans only see things one way. U sir need to open ur eyes & realize it goes both ways. I'm sure u believe Heat fans have never blame refs either. Like when LeBron fouled out or when they see right thru ur players flops. Everything u said was clearly biased. I admit the truth either way and see things for what they are. Every fan base has stupid ppl and u hopefully u know that. This game will come down to which team makes the other play they're style. If the Pacers need 2go small they probably lose and if the Heat need 2go big they probably lose. I feel like its that simple.
George Jimas::Dereck Johnson ya because the regular season really means anything come playoff time right? take a look at past years ECF, in 2013 miami beat indiana (indiana won the regular season series), in 2012 miami beat boston (boston won the season series), in 2011 miami beat chicago (chicago won the season series). does lying to yourself make you feel better? i hope pacers win the season series again and you guys talk a lot, because come playoffs you will see a completely different miami heat team.
Aaron Lampkin::LMFAO Lebron went down the court like he was A.I and airballed a Three
Aaron Lampkin::Sekou Garrett Im sorry more like Steve Francis
Angel Payano::Aaron. Im a clippers fan. But im sure laughing at lebron for that doesn't take away his 2 chips and his mvps and how great hes been playing. What have u done in the nba?  Whos laughing now
Brian Hampton::Sekou Garrett I agree A.I. would have atleast hit the rim..LBJ still the best on the planet with 2 chips but congrats to Pacers tonight
Matt Cauthen::"We could go 10-72 and it doesn't matter. It's just the regular season." -Heat Fan
Alexander Banks::Lol!
Shawn Blond::Go Pacers.  Signed,  Bulls Fan
Anand Parekh::aww...look at the failed teams teaming up..boston, chi, and indy now. I guess misery needs company
Ray Waterman::All three teams that beat the Heat. Lol somebody is still mad.
Shawn Blond::Anand Parekh More like with our entire starting lineup out with injuries minus boozer, might as well cheer for a non-collusive team
Nate Rose::"this game doesnt matter"  -all teams who lose  "were still 3 games behind pacers"  -heat
George Jimas::"we just won two back to back championships"  -heat
Ed DeSalle::Two time defending champs! 3 finals in a row! ELIMINATED the Pacers the past 2 years when it counts! LMAO Nancy!
Nate Rose::George Jimas i know congrats on that..you guys earned it..but dont be a laker fan and worry about anything but this year..
Dishant Patel::Lance : i m treating this game like The Finals....... LMAO this guy has never played a finals game and he is talking about playing a finals game in DECEMBER lmao wtf!!!
Lucas Campbell::HAHA LANCE STEPHENSON SUCKS LETS FACE IT HE'S LIKE 14TH MAN WATERBOY ON HEATZ NATION
Scott Hall::Lucas Campbell LOL. A guy from North Dakota who is a Heat fan
Laree Williams::Lucas Campbell  Name 6 people on the heat roster not named Wade Bosh or Lebron
Alexander Banks::My favorite part about this game is how the Heat players spent the last few days talking about how the Pacers are irrelevant and they're just another team . . . . . . then they come out playing like it was Game 7.   I see where the "fans" get their arrogance.
Jonah Swidan::They are so brutal, I hate talking with them.  Can NOT talk logic with those fools.
Alexander Banks::Jonah Swidan, it's because they don't really understand basketball.   You can't talk physics with a child that watches Looney Toons either.
Jonah Swidan::Alexander Banks lol true talk
Aintz Nation::lance says hes treating tonights game like the finals cuz he aint gonna reach the real finals! hiyaaaaaaaaaaaa
Lucas Campbell::last time i checked the finals go thru the GOAT  ALL HAIL KING LEBRIAN
Adam Youman::Lucas Campbell lol lebron the GOAT? keep dreaming
Lucas Campbell::Adam Youman id call you a hater but you got a smokin chick and thats what heatz nation is about. btw lebrian is the GOAT
Andrew John Feeback::Heat fans in the first quarter: "this team is supposed to compete with us?" Heat fans after the game: "it's the regular season. it doesn't matter."   Morons.
Lawrence Maurice Hurtt::The Pacers can win every regular season game, this is just an extended preseason.  You saw what happened to the Pacers the last 2 year in the playoffs by the 2 time defending champs.  LMAO!!!!
Justin Bourgerie::It's like a broken record with Heat fans. Especially the bandwagon ones from nowhere near Miami.
Lawrence Maurice Hurtt::Justin Bourgerie I'm no ones FANATIC, I'm too much of a man for that.  I'm just stating the facts.  The Pacers have been sent home by the Heat the last 2 years on their way to the Championship.  There is no disputing that.  Until the Pacers have a ring/trophy you may want to pipe down a little bit.  I'm just saying.
Scott Hall::Lawrence Maurice Hurtt I cant believe how bad Scola played in those 2 series. Oh wait. Nevermind
Pierre Aviles::I'm so glad we drafted Lebron James - Heat fans
Alexander Banks::Lol!
Robert Hawley::that joke wasnt funny the 1000th time it was posted on here.
Adam Youman::Robert Hawley i still think its funny
Ben Rinaldi::I'm pissed.  Where's Jeff Ariano and his bathroom selfie tonight? I wanted to hear his ridiculous statistical rationale as to why the Pacers shouldn't have won tonight.
Alexander Banks::LMAO!
Jacob Sharar::i agree to some extent, there is nothing like getting to rub it in the face of what I like to call a "mega troll" except maybe when that mega troll disappears, which seems to be what we have accomplished... yay us.
Andrew Wills::its past his bedtime, he has 7th grade in the morning
Will Posters::Lebron doesn't like shooting too much unless they're easy. He is the most field-goal % conscious player ever
Josue Tamarez::That is not true. He shoots it when he thinks he can make them. Nothing wrong with that. Why force a basket if you can find a open teammate?
Lu Kane::been saying this for years dude is so worried about his per
Andreo Miller::Josue Tamarez No. He shoots layups and dunks. He only makes a shot when they are open.
Nick Stevenson::Heat fans 1st half:   These guys think they can compete with us? Heat fans 2nd half:  It's just December.  The playoffs is the only thing that matters  The only thing better than watching the Heat lose is watching their fans squirm.
Lance Bowen::I wouldn't even dignify them as fans.
Alexander Banks::There is so much trolling on these boards, because most Heat "fans" genuinely CAN'T speak intelligently about basketball.   Hoosiers live and breathe this game from birth.   Meanwhile, Heat "fans" weren't even aware of the existence of basketball until 2010.  All Heat "fans" know about basketball is that the dude in all the commercials shoots a bunch of free throws all winter and spring and then we get to have a parade that summer.
Andreo Miller::Wow I can't wait till I see the heat's "dynasty" end like this:  http://espn.go.com/nba/recap?gameId=310508006
Chev Chelios::Speaking of TROLLS ! ...I think this guys A Banks wrote the book....Just to refreash your tiny Pacer fan brain....Heat 3 world champinships...Pacers 0. What are you going to do when your mighty Pacers get tossed onto the side of the road like a bag of trash again this year by the Heat ?  Oh yeah...please put down the gun boy it's not worth it.
Alexander Banks::Chev Chelios comment: Case in Point  See, here in Indiana, we know our basketball history, so we know about the existence of the ABA and our multiple titles and acknowledge and respect that history -- just like the Basketball Hall of Fame does.   It's because Hoosier territory was built on basketball, kind of like Miami and cocaine or Florida and idiotic jury verdicts.
Booboo Bear::It is very easy to root for this Indiana franchise no matter where one is from.  Have to respect so much the way the team was put together.  On the other hand, so easy to loathe the Miami franchise.  Based on the way that team was put together.
Andreo Miller::Build > Bought
Doug Coleman::Whatever, so from now on, there shall be no team trading away players and no one can leave the team that drafted them. FOH with that noise.
Mark Randy Myers::Alex Doub  thought you was a Miami fan.. that was a slam on you..lol
Alexander Banks::Alan Ogg, put down the gun, man. It's not worth it. You have so much to live for!  Blue Collar Gold Swagger
Lu Kane::that might actually be lamer than saying thunder up
Jonah Swidan::Ogg is such a chump, seriously has major issues
Alexander Banks::Lu Kane, your opinion means a great deal to me and Pacer nation, so I guess that's the end of that movement.  Blue Collar  Gold Swagger . . . oops!
Alan Ogg::lmao. cant wait until this board is free of all 'pacer fans' as they FLOCK to the next mia-ind game board...  such a sad fanbase. much like the bulls 'fans'
Ray Waterman::What's funny is want to compare fan bases.  You won't be here after the game tonight as usual.
Ray Waterman::*you
Adam Youman::wow a shot at the bulls fans coming from a heat fan lol thats just sad
