Jimmy Tresser::Six in a row. Hottest team in the NBA. We're knocking out all you bums.
Jimmy Tresser::See you on Thursday LeBron.
Tony Sanchez::Well now, that was a well played 1st H by Orlando, wonder if they can do as well in the 2nd or if they are gonna crumble.
Kemala Martin::Dubs should blow this team out 109-92
John Osaki Jr.::The Golden State Warriors are rolling with Steven Curry leading the way and has a chance to join Chris Mullin and Rick Barry as the all-time Golden State Warrior greats! Warrior fans, check out Mullin in Barry's chapter of the latest book of basketball, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Robert Farnsworth::iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Harold Nations::Ain't gonna happen against the Heat, most likely (though the Heat have played some awful games at home this year).  The Ws have to stop playing the Little Sisters of the Poor sometime!
Jeffrey Kinneman::You do realize that Orlando was only the 6th game they played against the East all season. They beat OKC already and would have beaten them in OKC if Westbrook didnt make a low percentage 3 pointer. They will have have played 8 more road games than home games by the time this current road trip is over. The schedule will actually get easier for them. Plus, they are in the Western Conference. Not many bad teams in the West. Please know some facts before you post. You could easily avoid looking ignorant next time by simply looking up the subject you are posting on, instead of making an incorrect and random statement.
Harold Nations::Jeffrey Kinneman yep, I knew all that.  my remark is about their first and current long eastern road trip where they barely beat a bad Cleveland team and ran off this Magic team..  lighten up!  If they lose to ANYONE other than the Head and Pacers in the east, it's a bad loss.  if they lose to the nets on the last game on this trip, I'm giving up on them.  glad to see Green finally have a game where he could actually find the basket though.
Jmark Ma::Jeffrey Kinneman i go to warriors games and they still can't play defense at times against the elite teams.  They are a 3 point shooting team.  Like Charles Barkley said; if the long 3's are going in it's beautiful; if they aren't; it's darn right ugly.
Rene Covarrubias::i need this teams to keep scoring need ovr 185 but it definitely dosn't look good at all, cuz they starting to shoot bricks both teams, smh
Joshua Kush Backwood McCulley::Stephen gone shake this cold streak against then and put up big numbers watch
Shoot Jung::Warriors gonna win!
Jr Eastwood::I LIKE GS BUY 12 POINTS
Jeffrey Kinneman::Pretty good prediction. Who you got winning when they play Miami?
