cSSk2011::i dont know whos a worse gm, joe dumars or otis smith..
69Lakers2012::THIS CHICAGO TEAM IS AS GOOD AS 90'S CHICAGO TEAM WHEN JORDAN WAS PLAYING WITH THEM....DEREK ROSE IS THE NEXT JORDAN OR WHAT???.......
The AnomaIy::They aren't CLOSE to those Bulls. You're out of your freakin mind!  They're a very good basketball team, but you're comparing a dynasty to a team that has yet to even get out of their own conference. The 90 Bulls won the most and 2nd most games ever in a reg season between 96-97. Led the league in both points scored and allowed for most of that 96-98 era.   These Bulls are a good team with a top-5 player who aren't likely to even make it past Miami, let alone Jordan's Bulls.
_bulls1drose::i have to disagree wit that....these bulls r a totally different team than the 90s bulls and shouldnt even be compared to them until they win at least 3 ships...and rose isnt the next jordan....rose has a totally different game than jordan...hes unique just like jordan was...he has his own style and it is a lot of fun to watch...but hopefully ur right and these bulls do go on a run and win multiple championships which i think they will...there just not there yet
dabulls2012::These Bulls are very good and yes, Miami is literally the only team they are truly worried about in the East...and they're not worried about anyone in the West because they don't have to until June. BUT they are NOT as good as the MJ-led Bulls teams from the 90s...Derrick is not as good as Michael, Luol is not as good as Scottie, Boozer is not as good as Horace or Rodman, Noah is not even as good (at least the way he's playing right now) as Cartwright or Longley, and Rip hasn't proven himself yet to be better than Pax/BJ/Harper. Plus Miami is better than any team the Bulls faced in the East back then.
dabulls2012::How about releasing the Caps Lock on your computer man? Seems like you're screaming or something...
69Lakers2012::IM A LAKER FUN...BUT IN THE EAST I LKIKE TO WATCH THE BULLS AND I THINK THEY ARE VERY CLOSE TO WIN A  CHAMPIONSHIP...THE ONLY TEAM THAT WILL BE IN THE WAY IS MIAMI......
fortwintee1::or what
scamnewton40::Ahhh always feels good to destroy detroit.  Garbage city with garbage teams
dabulls2012::How does Joe Dumars (aka Matt Millen) still have a job? He's even worse than Millen because the Lions were horrible before Millen got there...the Pistons used to be good!
_bulls1drose::the bulls didnt even play that great...detroit was just so bad it made the bulls look amazing
perrypete::true!  rose with 2 steals and only 2 turnovers!  detroit is horrible!
sportspotpourri::Has Dumars been fired yet? How's that payroll doing in Detroit?
P PALMER::Rose played for 40 minutes, I thought they were going to cut down on his minutes to avoid burn-out?
momo6995::The game was very slow yesterday night. It seemed like Detroit had no energy, so the Bulls were pretty much jogging though the game. He really wasn't going to get tired. Plus they have a break of a day or two.
The_Exuberator::Pure execution by the Bulls in this game. Good to see the rhythm coming around.  Recaps, GGBUs, and live blogs at http://bullsarena.blogspot.com/
JLew-TheClick73::A lesson should be learned when you go for the money. Ben Gordan had a more than fair offer from the Bulls. But for some reason Dumars threw money at him, so he left. Not to say anyone was really hurt because the Ben you have is what we had here. 28pts one night and 7-15pts the following 3 games.........Atleast he got paid though
sportspotpourri::Actually, Gordon deserved the 50 million the Bulls overpaid Hinrich. I wanted him to stay but couldn't blame him for walking after Chicago made a dumb move like that, then refused to pay him. Detroit was a bad choice however.
barronBep::I'm building my Perfect Bracket at Perfect Streak . c o m and it is so cool! It's just like the March Madness Bracket except for the NFL Playoffs and the person with the best bracket wins $300 in cash! You pay just $4.95 and someone wins guaranteed! I am also playing their dailystreak where you just pick which teams win each day with no spreads involved and again, a winner is guaranteed each day. The site is so awesome and just wanted to let you all know! Good luck to you all.
mgnfcnt2K::Morning haters
Freddie4246::vote for brian scalabrine for allstar game
jekinnunen::Even though Rip only had 14 points, it was still more then his replacement. Ben Gordon is a over paid joke. Stukey is another Iverson, ball hog, ball hog, ball hog. Jerbeko is white. I use to love watching the Pistons but now I can't. It's so horrible.
sportspotpourri::Stuckey is not even in the same stratosphere as Iverson. He is a ball hog yes, but he is also mediocre. Iverson was a monster, just not in Detroit
Antonio1747::...Jerebko is like their 2nd-3rd best option on any given night and a consistent F.
2 big 2 fast 2 strong 2 good::kinda ruined your argument with the color comment
moler22190::Your inability to detect humor is dumb.
XstreamINsanity::Color seriously has nothing to do with it.
conlevis2::Seriously though, the Pistons are doo doo.
johnrowley12::Detroit Pistons following in the same path as the Detroit Lions; When the going gets tough, just take a cheap foul or try to injure the other teams best player(s).  It's got to be that Cess-Pool of a city you have up there.
Counteroffer::Chicago Bulls. 2011-12 NBA Finals Champions! (Just as long Derrick Rose stays healthy :O)
superpieman802::Did i really read somewhere that the bulls only won because of the refs? Ha right pistons fans it was the refs not the fact that the bulls shot 53 percent from the field to the pistons 41.  yea it couldnt have been your terrible shooting it must have been the refs.  HAHA
TH13beast::Rip Hamilton proves his Piston haters wrong lol
Tricky Troll::LEBRON AND ROSE MAKE THE WORLD GO ROUND
69Lakers2012::LEBRON TO HATE!!!
AbyssinianLion::1 to love and 1 to hate
Freddie4246::just rose
chicagofan68::they both are, it seems
Marcos4486::i hope both are ok
Marcos4486::i wont be surprised if both lebron and rose are banged up come playoff time this lockout sucked and its giving these guys this crazy schedule where the injury bug hits hard
InsaneBlackhawksFan::This is why I am almost 100% sure Wade won't make it to the playoffs.  The schedule actually favors the Bulls with their deep bench and youth in Rose.
JK Belvi 2007::Agreed. There are times when the Heat flat out dominate. But that type of pace is really hard to sustain physically.
chicagofan68::fortunately for the bulls they have a great bench that will hopefully eat up more minutes because of it.
_TheSixthHeatle_::Are they gonna be ok???!!!
Vote for Brian Scalabrine 2012 All Star Game::I voted to send Brian Scalabrine to the All Star game in LA.  Make it happen. Send Brian to the All-Star Game on http://www.nba.com/ASB
finkle_1S_einhorn::drink another one
Vote for Brian Scalabrine 2012 All Star Game::I voted to send Brian Scalabrine to the All Star game in LA.  Make it happen. Send Brian to the All-Star Game on http://www.nba.com/ASB
finkle_1S_einhorn::smoke another one
dabulls2012::Totally different subject if anyone is still here...how do you think DWill is feeling about forcing himself out of Utah? That team is just plain AWFUL right now at 1-6 just ahead of the woeful and totally winless Wizards...
CHITOWNBULLS1991::he isn't doing much better in New Jersey :(
trackotaco::I think he lost the love for the game... He use to be a total baller on the court, and now he doesnt look interested...its almost like a waste
TheOriginalMaxMatty::Just proves he has love for the money
PeteyC25::He was one of a hand full of people to actually go overseas and play during the lockout.  Dwill still has a love for the game
dabulls2012::Ya, ridiculously good...they're still pretty darn good without him!
trackotaco::yea i honestly feel bad for Roy, he was such a fun player to watch...its a damn shame, if he was healthy the Blazers would be VERY scary right now...
dabulls2012::Too bad Brandon Roy couldn't have his knees and vice versa...
_bulls1drose::well dwill pretty much ruined that team....the bulls got three jazz players,,,sloan retired and i rly think if he stayed they would be contenders but im glad he did leave so the bulls could get booz brewer and korver
trackotaco::MJ Career highlights and awards  6× NBA Champion (1991, 1992, 1993, 1996, 1997, 1998)  5× NBA Most Valuable Player (1988, 1991–1992, 1996, 1998)  14× NBA All-Star (1985–1993, 1996–1998, 2002–2003)  6× NBA Finals MVP (1991–1993, 1996–1998)  10× NBA scoring champion (1987–1993, 1996–1998)  3× NBA steals champion (1988, 1990, 1993)  NBA Defensive Player of the Year (1988)  10× All-NBA First Team (1987–1993, 1996–1998)  All-NBA Second Team (1985)  9× NBA All-Defensive First Team (1988–1993, 1996–1998)  NBA Rookie of the Year (1985)  NBA All-Rookie First Team (1985)  3× NBA All-Star Game MVP (1988, 1996, 1998)  2× NBA Slam Dunk Contest champion (1987–1988)  NBA's 50th Anniversary All-Time Team  #23 Retired by Chicago Bulls and Miami Heat  NCAA Champion (1982)  2× Consensus NCAA All-American First Team (1983–1984)  ACC Player of the Year (1984)  Oscar Robertson Trophy (1984)  Naismith College Player of the Year (1984)  John R. Wooden Award (1984)  Adolph Rupp Trophy (1984)
scoleman67::You forgot 2x Olympic Gold Medal Winner (1984, 1992)
johnrowley12::You can add a few more lines on there if MJ wasn't caught gambling and still played the 1 1/2 years he took off to pursue the MLB.
buller23::so glad i still have game tape of him.  i got every game on vhs from 1996 through 98.  there fun to watch once and awhile.
trackotaco::On April 12, 2003, the Miami Heat retired his jersey, hanging it from the arena's rafters. As the Heat unveiled the half-Chicago Bulls, half-Wizards jersey, Riley said no Heat player will wear the number again.   "In honor of your greatness and for all you've done for the game of basketball - and not just the NBA, but for all the fans around the world - we want to honor you tonight and hang your jersey, No. 23, from the rafters," Riley said at midcourt. "No one will ever wear No. 23 for the Miami Heat. You're the best."
trackotaco::yea...you know youre the best when other teams are retiring your number...haha
dabulls2012::And that's why LeBron had to switch numbers when he took his talents to...
_bulls1drose::oh does he rly? well that makes it even better lol
_bulls1drose::not to mention tied for first wit wilt for ppg with 30.1
dabulls2012::Ya, and those two years with the Wiz also pushed his shooting percentage below 50%...awfully good for a perimeter player for a 15-year career.
buller23::would of been 32 if he didnt play 2 years with the wizzards. but even at age 39 still avg 21 a game
dabulls2012::Actually, he edges out Wilt by 0.05 ppg...:)
trackotaco::I look this over and just laugh becasue its just craziness.....  Points 32,292 (30.1 ppg)  Rebounds 6,672 (6.2 rpg)  Assists 5,633 (5.3 apg)
buller23::dont foget that he is also 3rd on the all time steals list.       and the only player in history to have a triple double at the all star game ALSO HAD 2 GOLD MEDALS.........greatest ever.  lebron will never reach JORDANS RARE AIR
chi town 69::MVP
buller23::lebron had a great reg. season last year. lebron will b judged on what he does in the playoffs.
adisaacson83::Who cares about the MVP.  Bulls and Rose goal this year is World Championship.  It is the only thing that matters.
trackotaco::Rose will win the Finals MVP this year...
antistratfordian::LBJ
dabulls2012::LBJ's PER is almost double Wade's but without Wade's late game heroics, they're 4-3 instead of 6-1...
dabulls2012::we're only 7 games into the season...take it easy on all this historical stuff...he's been unreal so far, but there's still 59 games left and their schedule hasn't exactly been all that tough to date.
trackotaco::I love Rose, he is my guy, but I can admit that Lebron's start to the season is MVP worthy for sure... If he keeps this up he will win it no problem...
antistratfordian::LeBron has a sick everything right now.  59-60% FG percentage?  If he keeps that up you'd have to go back 30 years to find a perimeter player who has done that in a season.
trackotaco::I will admit that LBJ has a sick PER right now... Its almost doubling Wades's.... 35 to 18
---..Heatster::Sight of the United Center this upcoming June:  http://basketball.ballparks.com/NBA/ChicagoBulls/interior.jpg  Anyways, I spoiled you enough with my presence tonight. Time to step away from the board. I have to go take a huge Rose and wipe my Noah, but don't worry I will flush the Boozer...Oh, I hope I didn't run out of Loul Deng paper, otherwise I would have to wipe my Thibodeau with something else  Keep it classy while I'm gone  Thoughts?  .
fightinillini32::Yeah, you're right. That's the sight of the UC the morning of game.
the bomb31::you realize that in this picture the bulls are playing that night. so what are you saying?
CHITOWNBULLS1991::except the fans that go to the United Center won't file in a quarter after the game is started like Heat 'fans'. Thoughts?
rtrevino27::no no no its i have to take a big three
johnrowley12::haha, did it feel like rape?
mattoc113::I bet you had to cry after that.
trackotaco::MJ had a boat load of struggles in the playoffs in the early part of his career, back in the late 80's there was 3 straight years he was knocked out by the Pistons (88-90) and before that he was knocked out by the Celtics (86-87)....MJ didnt run away from Chicago to team up with Magic, Bird, Isiah, he decided he wanted to beat all those guys and thats exactly what he did... He stuck with it, put the time in at the gym, developed his game, and finally overcame all those obstacles and dominated the NBA- without teaming up with other greats.... and before you all say Pippen, Pippen was a draft day trade acquisition...Pippen for Olden Polynice...I think the Bulls got the better of the deal...
The AnomaIy::Who gives a rat's $@% about how Pippen got there, the point is that he was there. Jordan has admitted several times he wouldn't have won without Pippen.  Who was LBJ's Pippen in woeful cleveland? Mo Williams? Yeah that guy's a regular hall of famer.
buller23::ur right....  MJ had a will to win and he drove that into his teammates. he helped make pip into a hof.   well said trackotaco
trackotaco::When the star of the team has the fight, its going to rub off onto other teammates...I honestly believe its contagious... MJ use to get on his teammates if they didnt work in practices for gods sake... At times he wasnt a great teammate, but thats because he wanted to win so bad and wouldnt settle for average efforts...
antistratfordian::nah, jordan was going to bolt for the knicks.  then pippen turned into a pretty great player - phil jackson turned into a pretty good coach - so he stayed.  simple as that.
buller23::were u even born then. no way jordan was ever going to play for new york. and if u think so u dont no s.h.i.t never ever considered it NEVER.
dabulls2012::Or he'd be able to win 6 championships in 6 consecutive full seasons...NOBODY thought Pippen would be a Hall of Famer...NOBODY! Pippen CONSTANTLY credits Michael with pushing him to be the player he ended up being...
ttecza::Cmon, dude. Why you make stuff up?
antistratfordian::pippen is a genuinely great player.  jordan didn't turn him into one.  that's ridiculous.  if jordan had the ability to turn water into wine his entire team would be loaded with HOFers.  but it doesn't work that way.
trackotaco::Maybe its Juanita...haha
dabulls2012::Really? When did you have this discussion with MJ? Are you David Falk?
antistratfordian::he considered it twice actually.  two different times in his career.
dabulls2012::Pippen and Jackson "turned into" or Jordan DRAGGED them to his level??? What teammate has LeBron EVER improved let alone turned into a Hall of Famer?
trackotaco::MJ was never going to NY
dabulls2012::I don't agree...Wade already has his ring...instead of scheming in order to win multiple rings together, the Three Am-EGOS conspired simply to play together down in South Beach for the fun of it...if they win a ring...bonus! LeBron is all talk about the whole ring thing and Bosh is a lap dog just going along...
_bulls1drose::finally someone who gets it...lebron and wade realized they couldnt win by themselves so they gave up plain and simple...lebron and wade are great players but they are lacking heart....and thats what rose has which makes him special
Marcos4486::who you guys got for tomorrow hawks or flyers
trackotaco::Hawks all day... especially after that last game they loss, which ill blame on Carcillo...
Marcos4486::i will say this no matter who wins it this year wont mean as much as who wins it all next year during a full season
PeteyC25::Nobody talks about San Antonio in 99 because it was over a decade ago and a small market team. Not because of a shortened season
mattoc113::A small market team that has won 4 titles over 12 years.
buller23::if i was a san antonio fan i would
Marcos4486::well who talks about that san antonio series in 1999
buller23::why not. every team plays the same amount of games in the same amount of nites. i dont think it matters
---..Heatster::This board is fading faster than the Bulls chances of stop being a joke  Who's with me?  .
Marcos4486::we need to just ignore heatster and he will go away
_bulls1drose::yea i no man....its just incredible how dumb all these heat fans are
_bulls1drose::ha no i didnt see it but i saw the highlights and yea thats just terrible they call themselves true fans? bs
buller23::did u c the game they played against the hawks.  empty seats through out the arena and fans were leaving the game with 4 mins left and the heat were still in it..... how patheic is that
buller23::dont even respond. he will go away
_bulls1drose::if anyone is a joke its lebron and the heat what they all did was cowardly...lebron or wade cant beat the celtics by themselves so they joined together and they still couldnt win a championship
Marcos4486::thats cause in chicago we have lives its called work we work 9-5
hawsfan88::You know it's been a good night when the Bulls win and Heat trolls can't even come up with a legit argument. LOVE IT
Marcos4486::dude we need to take it to PHILLY tomorrow
jared575757::wow good game bulls tonight, i kind of thought they might have a let down tonight.
trackotaco::Yea unfortunately Deng and Rose logged some heavy minutes again tonight, i thought they would get some decent rest playing the pistons...
chi town 69::You guys want to hear a joke? Heatster's life.
trackotaco::you're suppose to write Discuss under it...haha...or who's with me....
hawsfan88::and don't forget the random "."  which is two spaces below the "Discuss"
chi town 69::hahahahaha
jash100::Bulls are going to be much better this year then last year. There bench is much better, much better chemistry, players are reaching the beginning of their prime, and SCAL.
_bulls1drose::i agree 100 percent and i rly think rip will be a big key...he will take a lot of pressure off the mvp...and they got boozer and deng who are both capable of avg 17+ and once noah gets back to rebounding how he used to which im confident he will i honostly think they have the best starting five in the nba
trackotaco::BillOntario just rocked the Heat/Pacers board...hahaa
jared575757::yea, but he is not even original any more.
trackotaco::yea Heatster just uses the same crap jokes every game...
MannyJD::That is crazy, I wouldn't know who would annoy me more him or Heatster
trackotaco::My guess is that Heatster plays A LOT of Xbox Live...and probably drinks a lot of mountain dew
hawsfan88::What's it like? being a lonely virgin? I would like to know. And how many imaginary friends do you have these days? Do you try to have sex with them?
---..Heatster::^  ^  ^ Thanks.  .
trackotaco::Heatster is just ret.arded, you can tune him out......BillOntario spams boards so bad that you cant even participate or have conversations....
Marcos4486::he was all over the yankees/tigers boards during the playoffs
Marcos4486::well i wont be on the board during the eastern conf finals im at a bar watching the games and too drunk afterwards to go on espn
trackotaco::whenever there is a big, or meaningful game, he rocks the board constantly......
MannyJD::Yeah, I am trying to see where it ends.
MannyJD::That is pretty funny though
trackotaco::did you take a look? lol
MannyJD::Ontario, yeah I am pretty sure he is.
Marcos4486::he must be a bulls fan
trackotaco::dont know about that, but the guy is straight up crazy
itsaboutteam::I just got on this board and it seems like it full of a bunch of kids and their text message size opinions.  Are there any adults on here?  I think the Bulls are better than last year.  Boozer may actually have a much improved season over last year.  The odds of him staying healthy are slim, which is always the danger of getting too excited about him.  However I could see the Bulls being very dangerous to the Heat this year in a 7 game series.  Rip Hamilton is going to take and make a lot of big shots in the playoffs.  They don't seem to have any glaring weaknesses this year.    I see the Heat and Bulls going 7 in the Eastern Conference Finals.
trackotaco::I prefer to play teams healthy... I want the Bulls to play the best and beat the best --when healthy...
hawsfan88::Just like Jordan, he didn't want to play with all the other greats, he did his own thing and became THE BEST.
Marcos4486::its like a tyson-holyfield fight but one of them isnt full strength
Marcos4486::EXACTLY!!!!
Marcos4486::and that statments so dumb by that logic your saying if rose, wade, and james goes down and the atlanta hawks won the championship this year people will remember them as being the best team that year
trackotaco::I dont care about the vast majority... I would be pissed if my Bulls made it back to the ECFs and didnt get a crack back at the team that knocked them out the previous year...
Marcos4486::and what would you do if Taj and Noah really stepped up and it ended up turning into the better
Marcos4486::so people who dont know squat about basketball like you?
itsaboutteam::in ten years that is what people would remember and talk about.  The die hard fans would point out what really went down, but the vast majority would only recall who won.
dabulls2012::LeBron being hurt or even Wade or Bosh would hurt the Heat a TON more than the Bulls losing Boozer...be careful what you wish for guys...that whole karma thing can be a you know what...
Marcos4486::wishing injury on any player is classless
itsaboutteam::then I better leave this discussion board because it is just so full of classiness.
jash100::Then I hope Lebron gets hurt you $@%!.
itsaboutteam::You're allowed to hope for whatever you want.  I'm just giving the Bulls respect by saying I hope they're not at full strength.  It's not like I'm worrying and saying 'Oh God please don't let the Pacers be 100% healthy for their first round playoff matchup with Miami.
itsaboutteam::As a Heat fan I'm hoping Boozer goes down to injury once again or at least continues to underachieve.   Basically I just hope the Bulls are not at full strength come playoff time because they will make it tough for the Heat.  I think this Lebron's year.
1 Wk At a Time::As a Heat fan I disagree with itsaboutteam.... Not all Heat fan's are like that....(I hope) I rather all teams go at full strength.  Dallas was obviously the better team last year. But so were the bulls on paper because of their depth.  But taking a long long look at the postseason, it doesn't matter about the depth of the team when you have Lebron and Wade at least playing 44 min out of a 48 min. game.  Its pretty much about who came to play and who didnt.  Good pickup on Rip, he was great in the finals against the Lakers and Spurs and he is a great playoff performer, but he is also on a new team wear people don't know how he operates as much as Chauncey does.  the Heat also has Shane Battier, who, does show that he can do it on different teams, however, its a different running machine that what he is used to also.... a very interesting matchup it will be if they meet each other on the ECF again.
Marcos4486::thats dumb though i want the heat to have wade and lebron healthy so theres no fake wins
itsaboutteam::I'm really okay with that.   In ten years nobody would remember that the Heat won because another team was not at full strength.   They'll only remember and talk about who won.
Marcos4486::and lequeen just went down with a sprained ankle
dabulls2012::He's putting up some serious numbers, but still isn't finishing at the end of games...that's got to be some concern, no?
trackotaco::I would be concerned about Wade, especially knowing that they need to rest him already....
Marcos4486::thats like running a marathon and halfway through you take a bus
Marcos4486::then you cant consider yourselves the best and the championship was a moot point
dabulls2012::Well, you hit the nail on the head...Boozer and Rip are the keys...they BOTH must take pressure off Derrick during the playoffs...Boozer has been sooooo inconsistent...he drives me NUTS! Rip is rusty and I truly believe he'll be fine and become that legit secondary scoring threat the Bulls really need...if Boozer can come through too, that would give the Bulls a pretty potent three-headed monster to match-up with the Three Am-EGOS...then it comes down to the 9 remaining players on both teams...Bulls are WAY better there which should make the difference.  GO BULLS!
Marcos4486::im a bulls fan its 50/50 on who goes to the finals
Marcos4486::when its all said and done when both guys retire the better player between rose and lebron will be decided on who has more rings
trackotaco::They are both great players, they are just expected to do different things and its definitely easier to play when you are 6'8.... Lebron does have a sick PER number right now, its over 35 (Wades is just over 18)...But i love Rose, he is my guy, from Chicago and I wouldnt want the Bulls to trade him for anyone...
Marcos4486::both guys play dif positions and you have to calculate and convert other factors like roses size opposed to lebrons size
Marcos4486::well in the words of jordan i let my rings do the talking
itsaboutteam::I'll let my rings do the talking  - Adam Morrison
itsaboutteam::You are way off.  Lebron James is clearly better than Derek Rose.  Even if Rose (a great player in his own right) is a part of many championship teams, Lebron is the better player by a long shot.  If you can't see that you are not allowing yourself to to see what is plainly obvious to most
rtrevino27::i heard heatster blows the miami heat after every win
hawsfan88::He waits for them in the showers all excited like a fat kid waiting for the candy shop to open.
hawsfan88::FYI EVERYONE, the Heat message boards are empty since they have no fans. That's why they are on the Bulls boards.. I hope that helps answer many of your questions on these Heat Trolls.  Thoughts?  .
---..Heatster::It's 12:35 am here in South Florida, why would Heat fans be posting on the Heat board at this time, they do have to work tomorrow. Luckily I have the day off tomorrow  Thoughts?  .
hawsfan88::Then why are you posting on here? Oh and by the way, you don't have a job. Stop acting like you have a life.
dabulls2012::Both of the other Heat fans have jobs? That's surprising!
dabulls2012::My favorite part is how they all Like their own comments, but are literally the only ones...
mccoywajmu::i dont go to heat boards on th nights the bulls play...they are like the backup plan lol
tyronefl483::When LeBron goes to his next team, the Heat  "fans" will follow
hawsfan88::I wouldn't even call them "fans." I think that the more appropriate term to use is "groupies." No joke, I think Heatster has the hots for Lebron... And I'm being completely serious.
Stevepaullewis::so true....most of heats fan base is washed up ex-cavs fans who lost their identity when lebron gave their team the finger
god_flame::Is there a reason Daye isn't being played? I thought he was supposed to be one of the bright spots.
---..Heatster::You guys want to hear a 94.8 million dollar quote?  " It's extremely hard when a 6'8'' guy can easily defend you "  Pretty impressive huh?  Thoughts?  .
Stevepaullewis::yer i got one....aint it amazing that even tho a young kid whos only 23 and on a contract worth close to 100 million dollars and has got the potential to be the best point guard the league has seen since magic can manage to stay as humble and complimentary as drose has.....and aint it amazing how someone with such amzing physical tools and such hype and esteemed greatness as lebron has be so arrogant and such a flop when crunch time comes?
Stevepaullewis::cheers bud
hawsfan88::nicely said Steve.
Marcos4486::i know right what was the deal with his stupid bday cake that cost 3500 that he turned away
Kohnichiwa::EASY
---..Heatster::Can I start telling people that you guys are my friends?  .
hawsfan88::You have no friends, just like the Heat has no fans.  Thoughts?  .
Marcos4486::Wale, Lil wayne, Drake, Rick Ross lol
Dr.Killapatient...::Rose is really inconsistent.... 0-6 in the 3 point range will not cut it....
tyronefl483::D Rose has been lighting it up from 3 so far this season. Everyone has a bad game. Stop hatin.
perrypete::rose is as consistent as can be!  he is a great scorer, a below average shooter, an average passer, and a lackluster defender!  you get the same thing every night!
hawsfan88::average passer? HAHAHA he's gonna end up with the most assists this year. GUARANTEED.
Stevepaullewis::ur an idiot....that is all
dabulls2012::He seems to raise his level of play according to the challenge...the Pistons were NOT much of a challenge...check his games...he plays best against the best competition...5-0 against CP3...dusted DWill on the road both games last year...torched Tony Parker with 38 last year too.
adisaacson83::True story
DevilDukies4::true, true and true... didnt he do Rondo too?
DevilDukies4::his 3 point shooting cut it last night... and against the Lakers
Murphy Lucas::didn't need his 3's tonight did we?
mintzerkj4eva::Did the fans cheer for Rip
mccoywajmu::yes
MannyJD::What happened to "Detroit Basketball!!!!!!!!!!?"  What happened to all the Detroit fans?  For a second I thought the Bulls were playing at American Airlines Arena with the lack of fan base.
_misterfurious::Who is the most exciting player on the Pistons? Seriously? Rodney Stuckey? Is that what is supposed to get people to spend money to come to the arena? Their management needs to do better and the fans are making that clear.
chubby rain::It looked like an AAU game, lol!
adisaacson83::Couldn't believe how empty the Palace was tonight.  I saw they are now offering 2 tickets for $25 on Friday nights.  Pathetic
dabulls2012::Neil and Stacey (Bulls TV announcers for those out of Chicago) said they were a little embarrassed to be there in front of such a sparse crowd...at tip time they commented how all the fans in the building could fit in 2 1/2 or 3 sections. Yikes! Again...how does Joe Dumars still have a job? Did he pick Darko over Melo, Bosh, Wade and even Hinrich? Should have been fired right then!
MannyJD::Yeah I bet
_misterfurious::Detroit is a city hit hard by a recession - they have better things to do with their money than pay to see Charlie Vilanueva.
dabulls2012::How does Joe Dumars get a pass? This guy has been the Isiah Thomas of the Pistons front office...BRUTAL!
dabulls2012::Pretty good...ya, AAA looked pretty sparse especially down in the lower bowl the other night...of course, not surprising since there's really no such thing as a Heat fan...
Metta World Hate::We love you, Rip.    Coach Q, Ben Gordon, Charlie Villanueva, and Rodney Stuckey can suck it.
Marcos4486::who wins a 7 game series heres the thing though  Heat - Lebron, Dwyane Wade wont be playing Bulls - Rose, Luol Deng wont be playing
Murphy Lucas::Our bench is better than the heats so the bulls would win without the core players. Who would score for the heat?
_misterfurious::Who would score for the Bulls is the better question.
_misterfurious::Cole is going to have a bright future - very nice rookie.
---..Heatster::Norris Cole and Bosh would eat the Bulls for lunch  Who's with me?  .
hawsfan88::No one is with you. You have zero friends. hence, you are once again, FOREVER ALONE
MannyJD::Bulls because without LeBron and Wade, that Heat team is a Cleveland Cavs post Lebron
1 Wk At a Time::Thib or Spo??
hawsfan88::I have yet to see him prove anything. I am not sold at all by your comment kid.
1 Wk At a Time::Thib is a defensive minded coach just like Spo,...... it just so happens that Rose has been playing out of his mind.... What happens when Rose disappears in a game or has a bad night??? Thib's coaching didn't get them the win.... See Bulls v. every team in with Rose scores less than 20.
_misterfurious::He proved he was a good coach BEFORE Lebron got there - like getting a team with Wade and MICHAEL BEASLEY to win around 50 games and a 5th seed in the playoffs.
1 Wk At a Time::People thought Phil Jackson was only average after he only won 6 championships with the Bulls ONLY when Jordan was in. But then he got 5 more rings with the Lakers.
1 Wk At a Time::He's pretty good if you realize that the Heat's transition attack is implemented from watching College football and basketball games..... for some reason the called it the Oregon duck offense..... it works pretty well 5 out of the last 6 games
MannyJD::Please, LeBron made Mike Brown look like a great coach, he made Mo Williams look like a All-Star, he made Cleveland a contender for 7 years, and he had Miami Heat go from a first round and out to the finals.  Spoelstra has not proven he is good coach, Thibs on the other hand has.
_misterfurious::He's average - but he coached two of the biggest superstars in the game in their first season together to the finals in only his third year as a head coach. Yeah - he's just terrible.
MannyJD::He is not a good coach, he is average at best.  But not that good, specially when he has to rip a play from Doc.
Marcos4486::haha and i guess you'd say the same about del negro
1 Wk At a Time::which means more Defense... how are the Bulls without their core players going to get any points up if they are D'd up....
_misterfurious::Spoelstra's a good coach. I don't know if you realize that, but he's actually proven that.
MannyJD::Yeah but you guys have Spoelstra as a coach good luck with that
1 Wk At a Time::Without Rose and Deng I don't see any points up there with Boozer putting in 12 pts and 8 boards as the team leader
_misterfurious::And without Rose AND Deng? The Bulls are total garbage - good luck scoring more than 50 points.
dha62294::Hard to tell what the two teams would do without their core players.
_misterfurious::Bulls easily? I have no idea, but Bulls easily?
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Bulls easily.
1 Wk At a Time::But I agree with you not Bosh by himself.... Him, Haslem, Jones, Cole and Battier, all defense that can also do offense.
1 Wk At a Time::I think you underestimate Udonis Haslem, who was the Heat's heart and anchor before they got the the other 2, and Norris Cole isn't afraid to put up a shot against the defense, compared to the other players on the bulls not named Hamilton.
1 Wk At a Time::Has anyone noticed that Carlos Boozer hasn't played like that guy that was on the Utah Jazz averaging 20 and 10 every night??? Looks like someone needs D. Williams
dabulls2012::The point was that Bosh by himself would beat the remaining Bulls in this ridiculous scenario so the rest of the team is irrelevant as his supporting cast in Toronto was still better than what would be left on the Heat...
_misterfurious::Team has something to do with that - unless you're going to argue that Kevin Love sucks for example.
dabulls2012::Ya, i remember Bosh in Toronto...11 playoff games in SEVEN years...boy, now I'm scared...
dha62294::He's overrated because people rate him higher than they should. ;) He's only a third option because he's on the heat.  on any other team he would be #1/#2 option.
_misterfurious::I'm not really sure how Bosh is overrated. Nobody gives him credit for anything. All I hear is how soft he is, but all he does is consistently give you 18 points and  8 boards as a third option.
dha62294::Bosh scores more than 18/game without lebron and wade.  Remember him in Toronto?
1 Wk At a Time::This would be a low scoring game but Boozer vs. Bosh???? I doubt the bulls win easily keep in mind Bosh at least scores 18+ pts a game compared to Boozer's dismal game.  Also the Heat defense gets shredded by fast PGs and triples when there is a big threat involved. If Korver is being guarded, Korver is frozen... I respect Rip but until he can show that he can do better on another team other than the Pistons I give the Heat that W
dha62294::They're both overrated IMO and I dislike both players.
_misterfurious::He's better than boozer - that's for sure.
Marcos4486::i agree bosh spice is so overrated
Factster.::Pistons would have won if the Bulls didn't have the refs help.  <b>FACT.</b>
---..Heatster::I am not Factster.  .
hawsfan88::yes you are, it's not that hard to create a 2nd account which rhymes with your other account. you FAIL once again virgin
NBA_Highlights_23::Why don't you take your talent that you wished you had back to south beach and stay off the Bulls homepage ..
Apakalypse085::Heatster, you have waaaaaaay too much time.
DevilDukies4::was anyone else happy to see Ben Gordon suck tonight?
MannyJD::Nah, I like Ben Gordon when he played in Chicago, he had some pretty good games.  Just does not deserve the amount of money he was given by the Pistons.
DevilDukies4::i liked him as a Bull too... i was just mad he wanted so much money and wouldnt stay for less... and then said, i wanna go to the place with the best chance to win!
_misterfurious::Clippers are destroying the Rockets - they just thew about 4 lobs in a 5 minute span.   Once they figure it out, they will be scary...
---..Heatster::Let me test your basketball knowledge,  Which team lost 4 games in a row humiliation style, in the most recent ECF's, after fans of the losing team had claimed they would own the winning team since they beat them 3-0 in the reg. season?  Hint: That team and their fans are HUGE jokes  .
buller23::let me test urs... who was out scored in the 4th quarter of the biggest game of his life  by jj barea.   JJ  BAREA..
mccoywajmu::humiliation...the only game that a team was humilated in game in that series was the heat in game 1...all the games the bulls lost were decided in the final 4 mins
Murphy Lucas::What team lost to the mavericks in the finals? Hint: they have the biggest joke of all as their fan his name is heatster.
MannyJD::Wow, you talk as if your team won a title with 3 top NBA players.
superpieman802::i feel like their is a solid chance that your mom and dad are probably brother and sister as well
superpieman802::why are you on the boards lying about being at the heat game tonight? what are you hoping to gain by lying on the internet?
hawsfan88::That's his only excuse and comeback. When he knows he can't argue against someone, he responds repeatedly with "You sound hammered"
superpieman802::im not hammered i just speak the truth FACT!
NBA_Highlights_23::How come you talk so much smack about the bulls, if your team isn't any better. The White mamba has more rings than LeQueer
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Like your own comments too heatster....pathetic.
---..Heatster::You sound hammered  .
