kevbev1983::espn comment of the night.. "and charlotte wins in front of dozens"
Mizzle85::Ha, all you lames with your repeated jokes are clowns. Was this a college game, this is the battle of the two greatest teams ever (sarcasm), blah blah blah. At least be original clowns. It really shows who has no life.
hail2tharedskins_2010::Congrats to the Charlotte Hornets.... I meant Bobcats
bumeri::Bismack is going to be the next Mutombo. He will only get better and he's only 19.
workman47::WOW THIS WAS TRULY A CLASH OF THE TITANS OF THE NBA
GBM04::baby steps...
Jaggerton::Bobcats have won 2 of their last 5.  Bismack Biyombo wis smack the ball-o.  Bobcats - Wolves NBA finals in 2 years.
IamATarHeel23::73-71... was this a college or pro game?
bbomberguy::Have about as much Talent as a College team
Doop408::wow i would actually love to see this match-up for the 2012 finals
prezh601::All im saying is that Chris kahman went 6-19.. new orleons is better than this.Charlotte has to be the worst NBA team ever assembled..
Mizzle85::Explain how they are the worst team ever assembled.
charter217::Except they lost.  Succkkksss
Jaggerton::they just got hit with injuries early and had bad chemistry... they have a lot of talent.
lianggan@gmail.com::I bet any NCAA tournament team can beat either of those 2.
Mizzle85::I'll take that bet for everything I have. Exactly why would you waste your time making comments like that anyway?
pie-express::Wow, it's so quiet in this conversation room.....its like ultimate zen in here.
Steveforprez04::NBA Finals preview
THE_Snake_Plissken::And the hornets win the toiletbowl, this board has 407 posts while knicks- bulls had 5000+ in about 5 minutes.lol
Mizzle85::And your point? Are the Knicks even in the playoffs?
pie-express::Half of those are heat fans trying to chime in.
TomBradys1::Lebron... James!!!
nbanbanba12332::Nice Start to March Madness close game!
mack8432::College game...
Tr1ckSh0t::Ok, what is the story with New Orleans? Fatigue? They beat the Timberwolves in a good showing and then lose to the worst team in the league? Everytime I watch them play they look pretty decent, but a couple players short. And then 71 pts against Charlotte?  Are they a decent free-agent away from breaking through?
Mizzle85::A decent free agent away from breaking through? Lmao.
NoLa_D_504::best player/scorer out all year ? Eric Gordon?? Okafor, Smith, Landry also
sunderland13::people talking trash dont have anything better to do on a bobcats hornets board?? well looks like we know who doesnt have a life
Qzhoopin72::ESPN Instant Tragic!
crazycucker::dwights demanding orlando trade for nash... could be scary options for trades here http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
prohumanitate::did anyone order fries with that BISMACK?!?
woodyattjon::Bobcats win---and on the road...Must be a full moon this evening.
pie-express::the moons about half
woodyattjon::That would be 3 then-WOW
cecil889::Half the bobcats wins have been on the road...
TSavage79::Biyombo is going to be a solid NBA player.  he was a great pick by the Bobcats.
StudBrackman::BREAK UP THE BOBCATS
Monsieur Le Piff::two great teams battling it out for 48 minutes. No better sight in basketball.
nccanes73::This had to suck to watch
Jeff072092::bringbackthebuzz.com
cypruspelican::What the f*** happened What the f
CarlosV1323::I think NBA should cut down one team per confernce or something like that and also cut down player salary that way it would be a little better.
cgjthoma::The two worse teams in attendance are Pistons and Pacers.  Yeah, I don't see either of them getting the chopping block.
Mizzle85::But wait, shouldn't the "worst" teams be the ones contracted? I wonder where all this contraction talk was when the Celtics were going on 20+ game losing streaks?
Mizzle85::Explain how exactly it would be a little better.
WOLFPACKpride72::it's over when it's over aint it baby aint it
WOLFPACKpride72::.
mikeyp2307::ERIC CHURCH!
WOLFPACKpride72::yeah buddy!!
CarlosV1323::If this game went to 5 OT they would both have as much points as the Wizards do right now
cecil889::So? The wizards suck just as much as these 2 teams.. And they've already had one crack at the no. 1 draft pick..
Mizzle85::Ok?
Mizzle85::Lol @ a Celtics fan in here talking crap. Good luck in building around a PG with no jumpshot to speak of.
Springfresh3::71 is the amount of points Thunder dropped on the C's in the 1h, last month
CarlosV1323::The beging of the season he was pretty good the foul shots are just terrible tho, Beside that Celtics shouldnt be to bad
Mizzle85::The Celtics will be headed back to the lottery pretty soon. If not this year, definitely next.
Mizzle85::Bismack!
KENNY-----------POWERS::charlotte may have found their Big man...
coltsfanatic003::Boris Diaw needs to be traded to get a pick or two or at least another big man
Mizzle85::Reportedly N.J. is interested. I'll take Morrow.
cgjthoma::The problem is the rest of the league knows the Bobcats will dump Diaw if they can't trade him.  They might be willing to risk the open market for a shot at him.  They may get something, but it's going to be quarters on the dollar.
KENNY-----------POWERS::he keeps putting up numbers and improving his game he could turn into an all star center in the weak east....i dont think hes that far behind Roy Hibbert athletically hes just very raw..
cgjthoma::With Boris Diaw being either traded or dumped, they better hope so.
trademarktaz::420 comments
WOLFPACKpride72::welll, atleast nc state made the tourney.
Swimmastermatt::By the look of the score.......... This looked like a really good game from two powerhouses
coltsfanatic003::I am and have been a Bobcats fan through the best and the worst so far. We would be a playoff contender if we decided to keep the good players we had like G-Force, Jackson, Felton. Unfortunately we are trying to rebuild but after a couple years of good drafting we should be back in the playoffs
coltsfanatic003::thats what i meant to say we just started rebuilding a little later than should have been scheduled for
Mizzle85::Unfortunately we are trying to rebuild? Unfortunately we didn't start rebuilding sooner!
coltsfanatic003::agreed and unfortunately it's the truth but it will take at least 2-3 years of good drafting and that is where the bobcats have had trouble which is choosing good draft picks. Bobcats have picked so many busts we need some good ones to get a crowd and some energy into TWC arena
Mizzle85::There haven't been that many busts. Other than Morrison, May, and Ajincia, who else do you call a bust?
cgjthoma::The Bobcats were trapped in "competing for 8th seed at best" territory.  While I hated to see Wallace go (Jackson, eh), the team had to go down to go up.  But as I said below, despite all the salary space they're going to have, I fear MJ didn't make any friends during the lockout.
Mizzle85::Well, here's the plan from what I'm seeing..........pencil in Bismack and Kemba for the future. Henderson may be there as well. Hopefully add Davis through the draft, but even if we end up at number 4, we still will be able to get our hands on MKG, Thomas Robinson, Harrison Barnes, Andre Drummond, or some other prospect.  Add another lottery pick from next year (plus what could end up being a Portland lottery pick) and from then on all you are doing is waiting for your players to develop. There is a lot of fat that needs to be trimmed from the roster. That plan is in motion, just will take time. The Tyrus, Carrol, Diop, Najera, Diaw, and even Maggette in a way. We also have to decide what will happen with D.J. I'm seeing either Stephen Silas or Nate McMillan taking over at the head coach spot next year. I believe n the plan.
cgjthoma::The big fear is that they suck so bad and still don't end up with the #1 or #2 seed.  Getting a #4 would be painful.  As for re-signing their own, the Bobcats just don't have a good team this season.  The team as currently constituted has a ceiling of maybe 25 wins in a full season.  Even if you throw in Davis next year, you're still looking at a mired team.  That's not to say they have to sign others this offseason; there will be some players available the following year too.  But at some point, they need more than what they got.  A lot more.
Mizzle85::Doesn't hurt to aim. But if they don't get the big time players (which we won't), then I doubt they end up doing something stupid like N.J. did with Outlaw and Petro and Detroit did with Gordon and Villanueva.With Cho involved, I'm sure we won't have a problem sitting on the cap space until we have to start resigning our own.
cgjthoma::MJ had a Chris Paul and Dwight Howard plan in place when he started dumping salaries.  They have a lot of cap space going into 2012-2013 (depending on whether or not they take salary on this week).  They'll be aiming big.  They may miss entirely, but they'll be aiming.
Mizzle85::Didn't stop Reggie Williams from signing here. Plus I doubt we'll chase big name free agents anyway.
hornetsandbobcatsbothsuck::If I'm a troll why do you guys keep trying to argue with me? Face it you know your teams won't be able to get big name players. There's a reason Chris Paul left NO.
yerktekredneck::Yeah. Just take a look at the miserable failure that OKC is.  Void of talent and going nowhere. Yeah, small markets just can't compete. GET A LIFE!!!
texas931210::no he just didnt get the money he wanted thats why he asked out
bsktblfan23::without the small markets you lose a lot more fans than you realize.....the NBA would be dumb to contract teams.
hornetsandbobcatsbothsuck::Exactly....small markets = less money, less big name players
bsktblfan23::some people have no lives...
cgjthoma::He didn't leave, he got traded.  Do you even follow basketball?
hornetsandbobcatsbothsuck::He wanted out of NO did he not?
smiffers11::why are you still here?
cgjthoma::No, he didn't demand it.  He was willing to play out the season and leave via free agency.  Sheesh, this isn't rocket science.
hornetsandbobcatsbothsuck::Chris Paul demanded the trade....do you follow basketball?
CTthunder860::YOUNG TROLLINGTON
cgjthoma::Look, as bad as the Bobcats are this season, they're still outdrawing Memphis and Atlanta.  Stern and Co. know that Charlotte can be a top ten attendance city (like it was in the 90s with the Hornets), they just need time to build a roster that can compete for more than just the 8th seed.  You just have to hope that MJ didn't $@%! off too many players during the lockout.
JCollin4::LOL. This "Celtics" fan is in here trying to trash the Bobcats/Hornets fans instead of going into the Boston chat. What kind of fan are you? What are you doing here? Get out.
texas931210::WOW so many people hatin hard. the reason so many teams are bad is because nobody has comin into the league from college recently and been able to carry a franchise. So bad teams with good picks stay bad because only roll players are available. Only team in recent years to get a trrue superstar is thunder, and look where they are now.
texas931210::Heels
texas931210::Hey now I'm a die-heart UNC fan but i'm rootin for the wolfpack in the tourney. ACC baby
WOLFPACKpride72::of course since we beat texas. Your almost as bad as this "Celtics fan", haha
WOLFPACKpride72::WOLFPACK
ESPNSNY::ESPN INSTANT CLASSIC!!!
Btwixed::The NBA and all sports are cyclical, there are ups and downs. thats the beauty of it, 5 years from now these franchises may well be playoff contenders
hornetsandbobcatsbothsuck::Alright people have fun with your teams being in the lottery for the next 5 years
crackheadsteven::have fun in your moms basement alone for the rest of your life
smiffers11::thank you sir, i will continue to have a wonderful time being a Cats fan
CTthunder860::biz and drummond sounds like a great combo to me
JCollin4::answer the question duechebag? Whose your team?
WOLFPACKpride72::because he is a troll
JCollin4::hahahahahaha. Typical. Why don't you go to the celtics clippers forum if you're a Boston fan? Why are you in here trying to talk down on us from your "big market" pedestal. You're a real classless loser.
hornetsandbobcatsbothsuck::Celtics...but you'll probably assume I'm a bandwagon fan because you root for such a terrible team
allroy1313::wow, wish i would've been at this one.
gerpurman::now that's some of the worst basketball you will ever see
hornetsandbobcatsbothsuck::These Bobcats and Hornets fan can't accept the fact that most people don't even think they should be in the NBA. Alot of people have talked about how it needs to happen but David Stern is a greedy idiot who won't ever do it. Remember how much better the NBA was without all of these bad expansion teams?
allroy1313::at least nets, knickerbockers and leprechauns have something to do with basketball.
crackheadsteven::or worse a nets fan
allroy1313::or, worse yet, the Celtics or Knicks
JCollin4::Yeah, this front runner probably likes the Heat or the Lakers. What a $@%!$@ loser.
JCollin4::remember how much cooler this forum was without unemployed virgins living in their mom's basements like yourself? Get a life loser.
JCollin4::thanks man. He is the man. Favorite player ever.
UconnIsTopDog::FACT : Steve Smith is a beast
smiffers11::you screen name is $@%!$@%!
WOLFPACKpride72::and who is your team? let me guess... MIAMI?
CTthunder860::Not hating on DJ but Kemba needs to start
TSavage79::kemba is a bust.
AvengedByCats::No.
CTthunder860::hes averagin more than the starting PG and plays with 100 times more heart
crackheadsteven::Kemba shoots 37% but he might as well start
