Marco Polo2010::the hawks throwin up crazy shots that go in #ilike
ThirtySecondTO::Nets were totally disappointing tonight.  Joe Johnson and Gerald Wallace were in complete "funks" where they couldn't even make a post entry pass into Lopez. on a regular basis and that had nothing to do with the Hawks' interior defense.  When will Marshon Brooks finally "buy in" and do the things that the Nets' coaching staff wants him to do in order that he gets regular playing time?
liquidvizions707::change of subject. man im so stoked the falcons got Tony G back! plus we got Steven Jackson. im smelling a superbowl! we was soooo close!
Thatsmydawg16::BINGO Hotsauce!  Plenty of points against the "great" 49ners D.  Although, I still dont know why Abe played last reg season game???
Hotsauce1014::Our Defense was 5th best scoring D in the league..... The defense looked bad because we couldnt run the ball in 4th quarter and get 1st downs
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::not until we improve on defense
liquidvizions707::well we taking care of that in the draft
Ontario925::What else is from the east except the sunrise?
Ontario925::I pick the Orioles,Rays,and Blue Jays to be top teams in the AL East.
liquidvizions707::in happier news though im picking the blue jays to win the whole AL. yall are stacked. then again you probably love a west team. hahaha
liquidvizions707::im just trying to understand your love for the west when they do nothing but pissss on your teams. lol
liquidvizions707::btw did u lose ya wife or gf to some east guy cause your love for the west makes zero sense. why you so big about the west when all them hockey teams are better than toronto and ontario. lol
Ontario925::OK the sunrises personally to me feels a lot better over the beach than the sunsets.
liquidvizions707::you in Ontario. you in the east. helllll... you tell me.
airicad::anyone else filling out a march madness bracket?  this is seriously tough.
airicad::lol don't worry.  i know next to nothing about college bball so i'm just reading articles and guessing my way through.
liquidvizions707::if not is gators? that's my boy al's team where he won them championships and he always talking about them on his twitter. so gotta give love to them. so are they in it?
liquidvizions707::ok then! no wonder Horford been so dammmm hyped up bout them. haha
airicad::yup!  florida is pretty good this year.  3rd seed in the south.
liquidvizions707::dont follow college. way too many dammm teams. but is tech or uga in it at all?
liquidvizions707::lol @ tech stays failing. the one thing they used to be so good at was c.ball. now they cant even do that. cause they are a nightmare in football. they havent beat the bulldogs in a zillion years. lol. tech fails.
airicad::nope.  sorry.
Ontario925::45-22&gt;38-26 states the Nuggets are&gt;the Knicks since trade. Denver won in trades over NY.
Ontario925::The sunrise?
liquidvizions707::not really. no one cares about the nuggets. like i said. the east will always be more popular than west.
LetsGoBraves2012::we need zaza to come back.
liquidvizions707::yeah was wondering what his deal is. he always stays out so long when he gets hurt. he's a tough mf. but when he does get hurt its always weeks...
Ontario925::I like the younger more vibrant faster slam dunk high scoring Western Conference style more than the old slow sloppy washed up Nets and Knicks. Not as boring.
Ontario925::Cancermelo the hog jock riders I see.
liquidvizions707::u obviously a denver fan. lol if not you just a hater. cause melo is a straight up beast
airicad::not sure if it works as well in the playoffs.  last year denver was the same high-flying team as it is this year (sure, they improved defensively because they brought in Iggy).  but in the playoffs, against the lakers' half court defense, it was painful watching them.  pace really slows down so it's completely different.  of course, there are the spurs, which completely refutes the idea of excitement lmao
Ontario925::Both are old. You are blind.
liquidvizions707::as a whole team they all old. i was just f'n with ya. but melo is better than the youngest dude on them 2 west teams i named. dwight howard isnt on melo's radar. not to mention dwight will always be east to me. thats just a soap opera right now in la. dwight wont stay.
liquidvizions707::last i checked the lakers and spurs aint spring chickens
liquidvizions707::you get the spurs. lakers no. they barely hanging at 8
Ontario925::They both still can beat the Knicks and Nets.
liquidvizions707::nets are old? carmelo is old?
airicad::best part of the year was when the hawks got zero all-stars when the two teams behind them (bulls and celtics) both got two.  b/c luol deng is clearly having a better year than al and josh (sarcasm)  lol whoever harps on josh's FG% should check out deng's 42% from the field (they've played the same position for a majority of the year)
liquidvizions707::plus bosh is boring.... you pick josh over that crybaby anyway.
liquidvizions707::or for that matter. bosh.
liquidvizions707::exactly. i was watching that game and was like.. no way josh plays this horrible. josh woulda showed out. it being his 1st ASG. the east blew it by not letting that hungry mf in
airicad::lol bosh got humiliated.  spoelstra should have never put him in because cp3 and parker made a show out of him.
liquidvizions707::deng or boozer NEVER deserved to get in all star game over josh. that is just ludacris
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::On our current run of consecutive playoff years, I give this Hawks team the most credit. We traded a guy who was an all star about every year (Joe Johnson), we signed Lou Williams who's good but not as good. He got hurt, out for the season. Several other injuries. We've had more different starting line ups than ANY TEAM in the NBA. Even at full strength, this was supposed to be a rebuilding year, yet we're still 8 games over .500 and alive for home court adv.
liquidvizions707::but you right on man. this team is better than any joe era hawks team. iunno if its cause no one gave us a shot and we got a point to prove or we just much better without joe and marvin. i say both. and the good thing... it's only going to get better now that we have some cash. plus lou being back next year. man it is FINALLY exciting to be a hawks fan. i mean dont get me wrong, its always awesome to be in playoffs every year but this just feels way more than that. and we deserve it. we have been through enough man.
liquidvizions707::lol... we never had no business giving joe that money to begin with. and we didn't trade him. we spiked nj, i meant brooklyn or jay z's drink and unloaded his overpaid asssss. :P
airicad::reminds me of the rockets, who everyone thought would be lottery material too.  they got harden though.  this team has no bona fide superstars (al and josh get NO respect)
liquidvizions707::well keep in mind that could go the other way. who woulda wanted to come to play with us as a big name when joe is making more than you. it was a wreck.
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::we've got a ton of cap space. We have the money and the city itself would be very attractive to an NBA Player, but the local fan support and history of only being happy with making the playoffs might keep us from signing any big names.
airicad::If they moved Memphis to the east, it would be at least somewhat balanced.  East: Heat, Pacers, Grizzlies, Hawks, Knicks, Nets, Celtics, Bulls West: Thunder, Spurs, Clippers, Nuggets, Lakers, Rockets, Warriors, Jazz
liquidvizions707::exactly. w t f is the grizzlies doing in the west anyway? coulda sworn tenn was in the south. lol
Ontario925::The Heat now might be the best thing to happen to the NBA Eastern Conference every year since the 1990's Bulls.
Ontario925::Lakers since 1986=7 Titles Bulls since 1986=6 Titles Spurs since 1986=4 Titles Pistons since 1986=3 Titles Rockets since 1986=2 Titles Heat since 1986=2 Titles Celtics since 1986=1 Title History "what have you done lately?" only matters.
liquidvizions707::one worst teams today is still looked at as the bad boys in history. detroit pistons. reggie miller and pacers. no one in west mattered or matters but the lakers.
Ontario925::The Celtics have won it all once since 1986.
liquidvizions707::doesnt matter. history. they have won more.
Paul Sand34::one won it all once?  Learn to speak English.
Ontario925::If you combine the Lakers and Spurs the Western Conference teams won 9 NBA Championships between 1999 and 2010. 9 out of 12.
liquidvizions707::Ontario925 - If you combine the Lakers and Spurs the Western Conference teams won 9 NBA Championships between 1999 and 2010.  and no one cares though. celtics have won more than lakers. the east will always be bigger. just how it is.
liquidvizions707::more than u can say for the west where as lakers is only thing that has ever mattered there. okc are jokes. miami owns their lives.
liquidvizions707::a non jordan bulls is more popular. knicks are more popular. celtics. and tim duncan is one my top 5. but the spurs dont matter. sorry. the magic was more popular with dwight and they never won a ring. spurs are just not relevant.
liquidvizions707::no one cares about the spurs though. just san antonio and skip bayless. fact.
Ontario925::The Spurs also won 4 from 1999 to 2007. That is a lot in 8 years.
liquidvizions707::and if we lose josh smith.. so be it. i'll miss him. but fact is we cleared so much money with joe and marvin we more than good. we got al. teague. lou. we have mad loot now next season. so josh really isnt a factor. he stays, great. he walks, fine. we got the cash now.
Paul Sand34::Watch that Celtics-Hawks OT game from last week.  Smith had a huge game statistically, and he had a few highlights, but it was honestly one of the worst performances i've ever seen by a "good" player
liquidvizions707::too many turnovers. no doubt.
airicad::i wouldn't consider that one of josh's better games.
liquidvizions707::but he isnt getting max because he doesnt deserve max. neither did joe but we got a smart owner now. we wont be making dummy decisons no more. even though josh over joe all day long.
liquidvizions707::he gets no respect. it's sad. he has been shunned from every all-star game. that alone is a f'n joke.
airicad::ferry won't give him a max.  i'm sure of that.  i'm actually skeptical about the whole idea that josh wants a max, the sources seem a bit misleading.  i doubt that josh actually explicitly said that.  anyways, we all know how much the media hates josh and likes to consider him the "talented headcase".  despite poor shot selection and TO's, he's no demarcus cousins.  i've always loved his play and he's been making smarter decisions recently.
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::Where are those Nets fans who talked so much nonsense about how the Nets "blowing us out" last week meant they would win tonight? The Nets and Hawks played each other in a home and away back2back with both teams going 1-1 2 months ago. What happened a week ago proves nothing about what's going to happen in the future, obviously.
liquidvizions707::and we gonna pass them fools. they going on 8 game road trip while we smash these teams coming our way in march. i see 2 losses at best for us in march. they'll do good to finish 3-5 on that road trip
Ontario925::Like the Jets,Mets,and NY Rangers fans blowing their whole load a week before the game even starts.
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::Paul Sand34 Hawks and Nets fans, are you guys scared of the Celtics? _________________________  We beat them by double digits after being down by 27....nope. No teams in the East should be scared of each other....unless they face the Heat.
liquidvizions707::celtics and hawks is some best ball u will see. we hate them. they hate us. and its always a barn bruner when we play. id be lying though if i said i want them 1st round. give me the nets. pacers. bucks. bulls. etc anyday.
airicad::the celtics close out games well though (partially due to doc's coaching and partially due to their experience)... pierce and garnett scare the hell out of me because they take it to the next level in the final two minutes.
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::well I gotta say you're right.....Pierce and Garnett scare me in the clutch, but as a whole....We can beat em.
Ontario925::The only good thing about the Eastern Conference since 2000 is the Heat.
liquidvizions707::east still is more popular. only lakers get talked about. and sometimes okc.  east had jordan. east now has lebron. u do the math.
Ontario925::@knicks_11 That's rare. The Eastern Conference used to be good against the Western Conference in the Finals every year about 15 years ago. That's ancient history now. The Heat might be revival saviors of the Eastern Conference again in the Finals each year.
airicad::i like the eastern conference playoff atmosphere more than the west for some reason.
liquidvizions707::as you should. the west just seems boring.
knicks_11::celtics in 08
airicad::that was like a default championship though
airicad::What do ya'll hawks fans think about jamal crawford?  i know he had a good tenure with the hawks (even though he regressed the second year) but then he was mysteriously let go in the offseason with the hawks making no great effort to keep him.    it must be sorta painful to see him have a comeback year with the clippers and once again be a favorite for 6th man of the year, esp. since lou will is gone for the season.
liquidvizions707::sadly our new owner couldnt get here in time enough to save jamal. i wish him the best. and one of our worst losses ever. i mean if we got rid of him for something... fine. we got jack s...  i hope that fired front office cant even get a job at mcdonalds. they couldn't flip a burger right.
airicad::true, i shouldn't have brought it up.
airicad::anything to give a team like the hawks/pacers more attention, cause you guys deserve it.
liquidvizions707::nah its ok bro. it needs to be brought up more then maybe people would get off our backs about fan attendance. if u see this type of heartbreaks made by them moronsssss year in and year out then you'd know. so im glad u speaking on the dumb mf;s
liquidvizions707::what do we think? this is the same F.O. that gave us marvin over cp3. the same office that paid joe more than any player in the nba. just another nail in the coffin for that trash bunch
knicks_11::i cant believe how espn is not ripping this team..    one of the easiest schedule in the league,  supposed to be best backcourt in the NBA    they said we were better even b4 season started    and have a snobby owner, who is also cocky and disrespectful.
Ontario925::That describes the Knicks owner too.
knicks_11::we dont  have an easy schedule anymore.we didnt brag about our city. just went to be respectful. didnt reach teh media for exposure.
Ontario925::Western Conference teams own both NYC area NBA teams.
knicks_11::wahhh
Paul Sand34::Hawks and Nets fans, are you guys scared of the Celtics?
Skippydoo5.0::Take heart BROOKLYN at least you have the Knicks to make fun of...
airicad::I think everyone overreacted to the Hawks' midseason slide.  Losing Lou will hurt, but the main reason for their losing streaks was long road trips (especially in the West).  I mean, what ECF team besides Miami hasn't had trouble out there?  NYK has just lost 4 of their last 4 on their own road trip out West.  Now the Hawks have one of the easier schedules to round out their season while the Knicks, Nets, and Pacers have it a little more difficult.   At the end, it will be really, really close.
liquidvizions707::airicad you nailed it. you could have ran our F.O. and done much better. you just named things them imbeciles did that many dont know. or they love to say look at the fanbase. yeah, well its awful because of that F.O. marvin over cp3. that insane joe contract. u let jamal go for noithing. you also let the other jamal go for nothing. im sticking by it that they were the worst F.O ever. good riddance. now we have someone that cares. what does Ferry do? he comes in and gets Joe gone. he gets Marvin gone. and this is his 1st year!!! other owner and that crap F.O couldnt do that period. it just really feels good now that we have someone who cares.
airicad::Even though Joe is a ball stopper, at least he's a good player and he's clutch... Marvin is just downright terrible.  His coaches only stuck with him because of the money he was getting paid and his original draft position.  I feel really bad for Utah.
liquidvizions707::maybe there has been.. but you cant think of them and nor can i. yet we can think of joe. so as far as i and we know... he is it.
Paul Sand34::I'm sure there have been other teams to have the highest paid player and not win it all.  But obviously that contract for Joe was crap
airicad::liquidvizions707 - well tell me another team that had the highest paid player in the NBA yet got no ring.  I'm sure there's been some player in history tho...
liquidvizions707::well other than anyone picking someone over MJ. lol
airicad::True.  I'm not a Hawks fan btw... i just love watching your team (fav in the east, I like underdog teams in general).  But this team was definitely stalled from years of terrible front office decisions... Marvin and Joe are two prime examples (and losing Jamal too, IMO).  Last offseason was good even if the Hawks don't make it past the first round.
liquidvizions707::as far as joe... he was the highest paid player in the ENTIRE NBA when we had him. that is a joke. the hawks had the worst front office in the history of the nba imo. yeah you may say well yall always make the playoffs. well tell me another team that had the highest paid player in the NBA yet got no ring.
Paul Sand34::Obviously Sam Bowie over MJ was much worse
liquidvizions707::dont feel bad for utah. feel bad for us fans that had to watch us get him over CP3. that is the worst nba move ever. and id say that if i wasnt a hawks fan
liquidvizions707::and yes. losing Lou hurt bad..... but for us to possibly and more than likely be in the top 4 when so many said well they rebuilding. they wont even make it this year. its ok.  well just look. we doing better than when we had joe. surprised? cause i surely am not. him and marvin were a cancer to us. they gone. we're better. it feels good. it feels better than it has in ages. i love our new owner and front office. i havent been able to say that ever.
liquidvizions707::not to mention if josh wouldnt made that boneheaded play at the end and passed it to nash... we woulda beat lakers there. we beat okc in okc. we beat memphis in memphis. we beat utah for 3rd straight time in utah. trashed portland like we always do. beat mavs like we been at. but yeah its cool. we used to not getting respect. it irks the f outta me but what can ya do.
Paul Sand34::Don't forget the Celtics.  Fairly easy schedule.
liquidvizions707::not liking that game in april against spurs. that is the one team that we can not beat for whatever reason. especially there. i dont think we have won there in over 10 years. w t f hawks
IAMpunter0926::McGee &gt; Blatche
Ontario925::The Heat are too good for the mediocre NBA Least-ern Conference now. They belong in the NBA real man's Conference called the Best-Western.
Ontario925::If the NBA was fair this year 10 Western Conference teams deserve to be in the Postseason. Only 6 Eastern Conference teams deserve to be in the Postseason.
liquidvizions707::exactly. hawks done beat utah 4 times in row in utah. we stay owning the blazers. we 20-2 against them in past years. we stay busting the mavs as well. so get the f outta here with that nonsense Ontario925.  and east still gets all love. michael jordan. dominique wilkins. larry bird. lebron. rose. kevin garnett. carmelo. josh smith. etc etc etc etc... no one talks about any star west players unless they on lakers or kevin durrant or westbrook. or blake g
Chi_Town_Everything::Utah,Portland or even the sorry Mavs don't deserve to be in the playoffs more than anyone else.
liquidvizions707::well considering memphis should be in the east... there goes that theory out the window anyway. lol
liquidvizions707::so u dont support ya raptors huh. heat fan. lord at the bandwagon fans...
LetsGoBraves2012::the 6 seed is perfect cuz all we gotta do is beat indy and ny to make the ecf vs miami.
liquidvizions707::you make that sound easy. indy we own for the most. knicks could go either way. id rather have home and be in 4th against nets.
liquidvizions707::yeh true. i was just saying 4th at least. but 3rd would be f'n sweeet
airicad::but then ya'll have to play the heat second round.  get the 3rd seed.
Ontario925::As stated the Knicks and Nets are lucky they are in the Eastern Conference every year not the Western Conference. Minus the Heat the rest of the Eastern Conference now is weaker than the old ABA.
LetsGoBraves2012::hawks need to grab the 6 seed and hold onto it.
liquidvizions707::if we 4th and nets in 5th.. im loving that.
airicad::Disagree.  Hawks have a fairly easy schedule coming up - lots of home games, no playoff teams in the West.  They should go for home court at the minimum.
liquidvizions707::id sit em all if was up to me. no need in them out there killing themselves trying to get that hump off they shoulders dying to win there. too risky and just not worth it.
airicad::forget SA, that's one loss.  sit smith, horford, and teague if you can lol.  i'm sure pop will do the same with duncan, parker, leonard, and ginobili.
liquidvizions707::those are two that concern me most. that dammmm game out in san antonio hurts though. we just cant beat them there. i dont think we have in like 10 years
airicad::Two games against NY are the most crucial.
liquidvizions707::word we got our west trip done. and march is a breeze for most.
BigPhilly517::Reach higher than that brotha. The Hawks look nice.
liquidvizions707::no they dont. why would u not want home court. f 6th seed. i want 4th at least.
Ontario925::The old injury prone players and team cancers are now killing the Knicks and Nets year late in the season.
Ontario925::Stick a fork in the Knicks this year. They are done this year. I'm not a Craptors fan by the way but the Knicks will be joining the Craptors after the opening series round of the Postseason this year.
liquidvizions707::depends who knicks play. say knicks finish 4th and nets 5th. no way im picking nets over knicks. that's just one of many scenarios i like. say knicks finish 2nd and bucks 7th. u gonna pick the bucks??????????
BigPhilly517::If they get a healthy Carmelo and Tyson for the stretch run + playoffs they winning a series at least.
Ontario925::The Knicks are not going deep anytime in the near future in the Eastern Conference Postseason. Bet on the Heat,Pacers,and others before them. The Knicks and Nets are lucky they play in the mediocre Eastern Conference or they would never make into the Postseason if both were in the Western Conference every year with the crap ownership management system for their teams they have every year.
liquidvizions707::mf worry about your raptors who aint going to playoffs like always. lets us playoff teams worry about things raptors never have worry about
liquidvizions707::nets aint keeping that 4th seed. they got that 8 game road stretch out west coming where as knicks and hawks done got that out way. nets will do good to finish 7th
liquidvizions707::just checked that. i knew we had yall once more wasnt sure if twice. see that now. and yep. seeing a split right there.
BigPhilly517::Yes sir. The Knicks and Hawks have two meetngs left. One in ATL and one in NY. It's likely they split them but those 2 meetings could decide the 2 seed in the East possibly.
liquidvizions707::dammmm. really? i didnt even see who they got.  in that case i can see yall finishing 2nd and us 3rd then maybe. especially if we beat indy next. and hawks havent lost back to back games to them in eons. looking like heat. knicks. hawks. pacers.  as it should be. them 4 best teams in east
BigPhilly517::Indiana has a tough trip at the end of march as well. @Dallas, @Phoenix, @Houston @Clippers then OKC at home
liquidvizions707::melo and tyson stay balling. and nothing old about em. knicks are just fine. knicks and hawks will finish in top 4. u can bank on that.
BigPhilly517::I'm with you.
Ontario925::Neither will go deep in the Postseason for a long time with their owners team mentality system.
liquidvizions707::no one knows. thats why we play the games.
BigPhilly517::Carmelo and Tyson are not old nor injury prone
BigPhilly517::I anticipate the Nets going 8-8 to close out the season.      Wins @Detroit @Phoenix @Cleveland Charlotte Philly @Toronto Washington Detroit      Losses @Dallas @Clippers @Portland @Denver @Utah Chicago @Boston @Indiana
airicad::They'll beat at least two playoff teams...
liquidvizions707::they not winning them west games. they may beat chicago. you never know what chicago is gonna show up. the bulls vs kings chicago or the decent bulls.  and heck big philly imma even go further. they may not get phoenix. and east wise i wouldnt wanna play the wizards right now. glad we swept em all 4 games earlier this year but they kinda balling right now.
BigPhilly517::I disagree
BigPhilly517::Nets Wins: @Detroit @Phoenix @Cleveeland     Knicks Wins: Orlando @Toronto Toronto Charlotte Boston      Nets Losses: @Dallas @Portland @Denver @Utah @Clippers      Knicks Losses: @Utah @Boston Memphis
liquidvizions707::yeah these teams coming up in march we dismantle. blazers and mavs just cant beat us.
liquidvizions707::im throwing mine in. lol  rest of march.  Hawks wins next 3 games at home. dallas. we stay owning them. blazers. we stay owning them. and we get the bucks  then we gonna lose that one at the bucks house. indiana is iffy. its at they house but we own them suckaz. so im saying we getting that. if not we get the bucks. we winning one of the 2. we'll get toronto in toronto. boston hard call. we done went to straight 2 overtimes with them and both 1-1. but lets say they win it in boston. we crushing orlando next at home.  our record for rest march... i wanna say 7-1. but 6-2 at worst. i'll take it.
BigPhilly517::The Hawks got a shot at the 2 seed, Forealz
Elyemon::I"m Calling my bookie right now.
BigPhilly517::Lol
BigPhilly517::Nets will go 3-5 over their next 8 and the Knicks will go 5-3.
HectorPablo.Ortiz@gmail.com::If the knicks keep playing like this they'll be the 7th seed when it's all said and done. As a knicks fan I have to say, I think it's over. Even when chandler comes back the knicks need scorers. J.R is the other teams best player. He'll make 20 points after chucking up 4000 shots in a game, Novak has no defense and only 1 shot. Stoudemire is good but always hurt and will come back rusty. Carmelo is a good player but doesn't know when to get his team involved.  The difference between him and Lebron besides talent, is that when Lebron is having an off night (which isn't often) he learns to get his other players involved. Carmelo will go 2 for 20 and still keep launching 3's. The team is imploding and winning one game in the playoffs this off season will be a miracle.
Elyemon::Amen.
liquidvizions707::if they f around and lose to detroit tomorrow... that is gonna 8th seed them in the end. im calling it now.
BigPhilly517::That game is border-line must win for them
Elyemon::(Fact) Nets only beat sub-500 teams.
BigPhilly517::Word
liquidvizions707::you probably right. knicks winding down they west trip and hawks got theirs out way with a 4-3 finish. nets just a game up over us in 4th with that longggg road trip. they got it tough
BigPhilly517::Yeah, they're in trouble. That home loss to Dallas, that loss to Philly, and tonight's home loss will kill them in the end IMO.
Fatty Felton::1. Carmelo Anthony, 16-36, .308  2. Mookie Blaylock, 18-36, .333  3. Eduardo Najera, 20-39, .339  4. Chris Dudley, 20-34, .370  5. Brad Miller, 19-31, .380  6. Anthony Peeler, 22-35, .386  7. Marcus Camby, 30-46, .395  8. Stacey Augmon, 31-46, .403  9. Shane Battier, 22-32, .407  10. Tyron Corbin, 28-40, .412
Elyemon::Yet you would still take melo over any current nets player.
BigPhilly517::But hey, at least he's had more success than Chris Paul, am I right?
Fatty Felton::that's some good company right there
Fatty Felton::Knicks blow
liquidvizions707::oh and a HUGE shout out to the jazz as well for taking that bum duck marvin williams. thankkkk you!!!
liquidvizions707::lol.. i was on jazz board a few times and man they hate that marvin deal. better yall than us! we did our prison time!
liquidvizions707::yeah... it was tough to break they hearts when they have nver been our enemies. i tried to be nice as i could. lol
ATL_GT_riseup::I remember after the trade... they asked me how he was (as did Nets fans about JJ)  I didn't have the heart to tell them
ATL_GT_riseup::yea I'll +1 to these replies
the hawks is the word:::D
the hawks is the word::and a drink for philly and chicago giving us lou and korver
liquidvizions707::for real. Korver is just sick. so glad hindrich is there and he is here. hindrich cant stay healthy to save his life. bulls lost bad. and yeah! so glad we got lou! we'd be in at least 3rd right now with lou. suxx so bad he got hurt for season  :[
liquidvizions707::i for one wanna thank the nets more than anything in this world. thank you sooooo much for taking joe's contract. we done lost hope. i didnt see any team taking that massive mess. why yall did it... we'll never know, just know you made us the happiest we've felt since dominique and spud webb was playing. lol
BigPhilly517::Gerald Wallace is awful
liquidvizions707::he played in charlotte forever. what you expect?! :P
Fatty Felton::BigPhilly517 That's cuz you don't watch the Knicks and are totally biased. The Knicks' offense w/Melo on the floor is incredible. _________ I watch the Knicks every time they play.  They run two different offenses.  4 players run dantonis offense and Melo does his isos
BigPhilly517::And you just proved that you don't watch the Knicks
BigPhilly517::Okay you do watch them. So you don't see the countless hockey assists Melo gets out of doubles? And how awful thier offense is w/him off the floor?
Fatty Felton::that's exactly what they do, everyone runs pick and rolls and melo usually gets the ball in the post
RNYC_125::Bs.
XaosTheBeast::God I hope ATL can get a match-up with the Knicks or Bulls in the playoffs.....We may get out of the first round.
liquidvizions707::other than miami we match up with all just fine. to be honest i want the pacers. we the only team that seems to be able to beat them year in and year out. they finally beat us this year. but we beat them 14 times straight in atlanta prior
BigPhilly517::They'd lose to either
BigPhilly517::The Knicks are ahead in the standings and won the only meeting. Yeah, we'd have no chance
Fatty Felton::Nets maybe.  Knicks would be a easy win
liquidvizions707::we been getting out 1st round for years. just last year boston f'd us. more like the refs but its whatever
liquidvizions707::still cant. larry drew is worlds worst at decisions at end of games that have cost us sooooo many games by leaving al and josh out there to be hacked. no way i wanna see either out there with a tie game or a close game. i love em both, but you dammmm well have to know you dont have them out there to be hacked.
the hawks is the word::and Al couldn't hit a free throw
Fatty Felton::ATL would sweep the Knicks
Fatty Felton::BigPhilly517 CP3 is way better than Melo. Westbrook is less efficient than Melo. You can keep saying he'd score the same if he got the same number of shots, but it's not true. _______ melo only averages a little more than 4 more points a game but takes 3 more shots a game, if Westbrook took 3 more shots a game, he would probably average 27 a game
Elyemon::That's the point, Melo is by himself Westbrook is not.
RNYC_125::Incredible compared to how it looks now that's for sure. What they have out there now is a disaster.
BigPhilly517::Melo is more efficient. The numbers show it.
BigPhilly517::That's cuz you don't watch the Knicks and are totally biased. The Knicks' offense w/Melo on the floor is incredible.
Fatty Felton::actually maybe he could pass, I just never see him do it
Fatty Felton::no defense, can't pass, not a good rebounder for his size
Fatty Felton::barely, but he can only score
Fatty Felton::BigPhilly517 Westbrook is less efficient than Melo and turns the rock over constantly _________ barely shoots better and Westbrook, but westbrook can pass, and he only averages one less rebound a game then melo.  Plus you know what else Westbrook can do? he can play defense
RNYC_125::Durant would LOSE with the Knicks as constructed. He's lucky he has Westbrook. Westbrook would lose too. Two stars better than 1.
BigPhilly517::You are aware that Russell Westbrook plays w/Kevin Durant, right? I'd love to see what that guy would do w/ what Melo has around him.
BigPhilly517::Durant is also great at turning the ball over to the other team.
Fatty Felton::Durant can actually pass the ball unlike melo and Durant can rebound
Fatty Felton::Westbrook would do exactly what melo does, make it to the playoffs but nothing else.  Maybe win a series
RNYC_125::Durant on the Knicks would do exactly what Melo does score and maybe win but not  complete for a title with this roster. Are u kidding. Westbrook and Durant are the reason why they are contenders.
liquidvizions707::i'll explain why hawks have a bad fan base. though the ones that do support them like me are all out for them. joe johnson drained us. literally. throw in that f'n dumb move of picking marvin over cp3 and there you have it. ive talked to many hawks fans who dont go games and that is they main thing. they still cant forgive the dumb decisions over the years. hoping now that we got rid of them 2 cancers and with money now things will change. we'll see. but that is the MAIN reason why its lackluster. marvin and joe. now many are in the sit back and see mode of who we sign. i got a good feeling its gonna get much better. we'll know next year
liquidvizions707::but the falcons and college football is what its about here for most. braves being 3rd and hawks being a veryyyyy distant 4th
liquidvizions707::braves are nowhere NEAR the falcons/uga as far as sellouts.
ATL_GT_riseup::disagree, Braves, Falcons/UGA, Hawks veryyyy distant 45th
RNYC_125::Agreed.
RNYC_125::True, but atlanta fans are front runners. Plus you have to many transplants. The hawks need a legit star or else the arena won't be packed. The braves were consistent winners and turner is at 75% capacity most nights.
liquidvizions707::you are correct. its gonna take a star or it aint happening. joe making the most money in nba years ago made us the laughing joke. it was pathetic. and marvin is a fail if they ever was one. as far as the braves... that is the worst area ever to go to a game. seriously. after dark u walk under that long bridge which you have to if you dont drive there. you playing with your life. plus turner field is huge. give us the phillies stadium and we sell out every game. plus most philly fans are from nj. georgia is big. many cant drive 5 hours to game
Fatty Felton::FadeBackShootAirBall4 lebon durant..kobe wade...in no typical order..but after those 4 who's better than melo? lol not rose not westbrook and not cp3 _______ Rose isn't better? how many mvps has melo won?  Westbrook could score just as much as melo if he got the shot attempts.  CP3 and melo or close, but if you ask any GM other than the Knicks, they would take CP3 over Melo.
Elyemon::Melo is better then any nets player.!!!!!
BigPhilly517::CP3 is way better than Melo. Westbrook is less efficient than Melo. You can keep saying he'd score the same if he got the same number of shots, but it's not true.
liquidvizions707::still makes me sick toi this day not having him. im so glad we wiped out our front office this year. picking marvin over CP3 is the biggest f up in nba history. actually we own another. paying joe all that money. sickning.
Fatty Felton::ice cold Forte ok is dwight howard a good ofensive player no..is he a good free throw shooter no..is he good at passing no...is he a good defender yes is he a good rebounder yes...but hes top 5 on the espn rankings hows that not overrated? ________ He is overrated, still better than Melo
RNYC_125::So he didn't sign your shirt at the Pepsi center.
ice cold Forte::oooh ic your from denver...its all coming clear now
RNYC_125::Melo didn't sign your shirt at the Barclays center we get it.  It's personal.
Fatty Felton::I live nowhere near New York
BigPhilly517::Not this year
Fatty Felton::ice cold Forte ur on a nets hawks board why u even talkin about him....did he look the other way when u had your hand out when he was comin out the tunnel ________ haha I didn't bring melo up
ice cold Forte::he cant be too fat hes staring for a NBA team
ice cold Forte::lol look at ur name "fatty felton" its obvious u got hate in your blood.
Fatty Felton::Felton is fat..
Fatty Felton::BigPhilly517 He's better than Russell Westbrook you fuggin troll  _________ Melo can only score, and Westbrook would average just as many points if he took as many shots
Elyemon::The shot differential is only 3 between westbrook and melo.... who's the point guard????
BigPhilly517::Westbrook is less efficient than Melo and turns the rock over constantly
RNYC_125::Nets board and the comments are about Melo. LOL.
ice cold Forte::ok is dwight howard a good ofensive player no..is he a good free throw shooter no..is he good at passing no...is he a good defender yes is he a good rebounder yes...but hes top 5 on the espn rankings hows that not overrated?
Fatty Felton::that's cause you were talking crap about the nets and you have one of the most overrated players in the NBA on your team
Fatty Felton::BigPhilly517 Westbrook rides Durant, Rose isn't healthy and may never be again, Melo has been way better than Dwight this year. CP3, Kobe, Lebron, Wade, Durant are all legit. ________ Rose will be fine.  Westbrook would average just as many points as melo if he took as many shots.  Melo was also pretty bad playing for dantoni
RNYC_125::D'antoni is pretty bad as a coach. See Knicks now LA
Fatty Felton::I know
Fatty Felton::RNYC_125 U think this Knicks team is championship ready with Felton and the AARP squad. Please. Melo is carrying these scrubs. ______ well at least you know Felton is terrible, unlike some Knicks fans that seem to think he's a super star.
RNYC_125::Yeah he sucks. Yet the Knicks and Woodson are 51-25 when Melo plays. Can't say the same for deron or joe.
Stephen 45::Deron&gt;Lebron&gt;Durant&gt;Paul&gt;kobe&gt;Tony Parker&gt;Wade&gt;Lopez&gt;Duncan&gt;Griffin&gt;Iguodala&gt;Garnett&gt;Howard&gt;Melo
BigPhilly517::flagged
