James::Has the Lakers thrown in the towel this year. They are currently 14-21. With the improvement of GS, Port, Phx to go with OKC, SA and LAC. With the lapse of Mem, Den, and Houston trying to be something. The Lakers can still make the playoff with a healthy Kobe and Nash from Feb to the end the year. They have two things to do which will not be easy. Make the playoff and get younger. Gasol cutting his contract to a two year 8 mil or trade him. Nash restructure his deal or retire or trade. Steve Blake and Kamin traded. Young, Henry, Johnson, Meeks will make for a strong bench. D'Antoni is not the right coach and everyone knows that but finding the right coach while Phil Jackson continues to get older. Can Rambis under the counseling of Jackson be the quick fix with minimum dollars exchanged. A trade this year for a big or a gamble on Bynum with a healthy Kobe over the next two years plus a FA will turn this team around quickly. Bynum, Gasol, Hill, and Kobe can maximize this team immediately with Young and a healthy Nash, Meeks, Henry and Johnson. If Phil Jackson can savage Bynum into a effective player and the Lakers structure a pay scale to motivate him this team has a chance this year and getting a strong FA.
David::I love Steve Nash, but it you're counting on anything from him in the future, you're clutching at straws.  You might as well bring back Gail Goodrich.
DDOG::I am sitting here at a bar and see Jim Buss taking notes from a bartender, I hope for a mixed drink.
Albert::Jack must take Pepto-Bismol daily. With the cost of his seat per game, he must be senile and can't count.
Basement Larry::I just wanted to post some of my favorite comments from the past few days. Hope that you enjoy them.
Bengay::I want to troll Jim Buss, Mike D'Antoni, Jeannie Buss, Phil Jackson, Woody Allen, and Michael Keaton.
Bob::Give it up, Dotty, Jeanie has no authority to fire Jimmy. Dad made it that way.
BendGod::Just wait until we sign another super star.
BendGod::My med's I need my Bipolar med's, no I don't oh yes I do.
Zach::Imagine if Kobe were much younger and had no court sense or tenacity. Nick Young!
