raaaj989::good thing they fired their coach,it was obviously his fault not the lousy $@% players-d.cousins
DavidCdxy::Kings obviously want to get out of Sacramento; they are digging themselves straight to Hell.
schuylervillesux::kings bball.......prison ball at it's finest....no offense.....nba defense.......no team approach.................poor jimmer
schuylervillesux::who said anything about building a team around him.....have you watched a game????  You approve of their offense????  Selfish team, Evans takes circus shots and Cousins is a pretender.............
dreamks::Get outta here with the "prison ball" and the "poor Jimmer" crap.   As if a team should be built around a one dimensional rookie who is not even doing the one thing well he's supposedly great at which is shooting and who clearly looks overmatched at the NBA level.  Stop making excuses.  Jimmer is getting good minutes and fgas for a rookie.
ic0n2900::jimmer played 23 mnutes and had like 2pts...with 8 shots
nba is the worst::Looks like the Mavs are starting to wake up
CandySparker::I like a man of DeMarcus.
rsleepo::Kings worst team in the NBA together with Wizards. Attrocious. They need to get rid of Thornton, Salmons and maybe Tyreke or Cousins.
Larry Emelianenko::GO MAVS!!!!!!!!!!!!
k_nak::On this bad of a team, I would think that Tyreke would at least be putting up similar numbers as he did in his rookie year just for the fact that it seems like he'd have to shoot more.
k_nak::I don't think I remember seeing a shooting percentage by a team this low as Sacto was tonight.
marcus-s2981::its funny how people were ready to write off vince carter....talking bad about the mavs...probrably some of you on here and now all the sudden, vince carter isnt that bad.....and dallas has great defense are the comments i see.....smh at some of you fickle fans.
hioh631::Dallas will no doubt make the playoffs, but the west is so wide open the difference in seedings could be 3-4 games at the end of the season between 2-6.
Hx4r::Jason Kidd isnt a scorer. he didnt score alot last year.
Platinumseats::You think they won't make the playoffs?  You can't be serious.
grindestone1::Hahaha you think mavs will make it to playoffs! Jason kidd is getting 4 points or less a game! its all DIRK
nba is the worst::Of course they will - at least a top 4 seed
netjunkie88::Yeah, I think the Mavs will make it to the playoffs.
nba is the worst::"Not that bad"?  Wait until the playoffs
roll_n_riot::King's had bets in Vegas to take the flop
roll_n_riot::good one DeMarcus you idiot
SB4LlFE::Kings sucked sooo bad
eliassteve::They beat up a high school team. I hope this superstar moving to big cities will end soon, because NBA should be embarrased to even show a game like this.
Dirk4Prezident::No wonder DWILL and Dwight Howard wants too play in Dallas. GO MAVS!!!!
jordan6747::Dallas is yet again the deepest team in the NBA
TheGoodDoc365::VC has always been awesome, don't believe all the media crap....he did his best with the crappy teams he had.
Dirk4Prezident::I think Vince really likes it here in Dallas.
dorkybartender82::Agread... never though i'd say this but so far he's been one of the best and most tenacious defenders on the court.
Dirk4Prezident::The Mavs have a very unselfish team which means good chemistry all around and Vinsanity is amazing
dorkybartender82::if Yi plays that well on a per minute basis even every other night, I dont see the need for a single starter to log more than 28 minutes a game when playing back to backs.
JBurhenn253::Didn't see the game but why did Thomas only play 10 mins?
dorkybartender82::lets hope
goosu123::what does this have to do anything? I expect(well hope) that the average person on ESPN knows what impunity means.
dorkybartender82::Have you spent much time on these things? figured if not him than several others would.
Rand0687::Most of the kids on here probably just saw that word and then ignored the whole post.
dorkybartender82::guess i need to define that for you... impunity = freedom from unpleasant consequences: exemption from punishment, harm, or recrimination
Rand0687::Did he ask for a definition? Somebody's bored.
dorkybartender82::because he was makeing bad decisions with the ball, takeing bad shots... and dallas was scoring on him with impunity.
JBurhenn253::Thank you for the response.
JBurhenn253::Can I get a serious response? Or do I have to point out that he could prolly snatch up any female he wanted too.
laperle852::cjdean9 get off these boards, nobody cares about your ignorant comments.
cjdean9::until he dropped his pants and she laughed at him
cjdean9::because he is a short little $@%!$ with a small dick
gking407::That depth is going to help them a lot this year I think.
bobbybouche78::at least the kings picked a good year to be horrible
scottiowa30::haha - they suck just when the city needs em most - the Maloofs wouldn't have it any other way!!
treezeyforsheezey::Anyone know where I can find Coach Smart's post game comments?
tradepost25::60 points?! Really?
scv1981::25.6% shooting. Ouch!!
Rand0687::Did you march the Santa Clara Vanguard in 1981?
mcase94::DARREN SHARPER one of the most hardest hittin safeties in da leeeeeeeeague
danlawler::mavs were favorite by 12 pts ... easy $ like taking candy from a baby , i like the weak teams makes my wallet fat.... kings laid down like little $@%!$@% like they had money on dallas...lol
danlawler::mavs were favorite by 12 pts ... easy $ like taking candy from a baby , i like the weak teams makes my wallet fat.... kings laid down like little $@%!$@% like they had money on dallas...lol
beachdrifter::Mav's defense holding their opponent to 26% FG...in other news, the Knicks were -30 with Tyson Chandler on the floor against OKC. To his credit, he shot 100% to score 14 PTS.
hioh631::Knicks were dumb to give him that much money like he was going to come in there and turn the whole defense around by himself or something.Good luck to him though, he is going to need it, the Knicks are terrible and they won't get any better with D'Antoni as the coach. They need a change of philosophy.
gking407::Tyson's not a Duncan or Dirk, he can't carry the team by himself.  I wish him luck this year, except when they play the Mavericks of course.
BALABILA::How is life fair? People busting their back sides off and earn $50k for a year, yet players in this Kings lineup turn up like this, cant even put a f###ing ball through a hoop and get paid millions for it? This world we live in is one f###ed up place all because of dirty f###Ing $@%!$@% like the Kings players
Snakes_::It ain't.
n8n8n888::This game was historically awful for the Kings.  Dallas scored more points in 3 qts than the Kings did for the game.  The entire team is to blame for that mess.  Fans should demand their money back after this one.
Snakes_::Alright.   I would say good game Kings fans..... but we all know it wasn't. So.... just... see you next time.
TTU_FAN26::why couldn't they score 100 pts
Dirk4Prezident::Mavs over LA   Monday Night
Eg214::SOME1 CALL 911 ITS A MASACRE!!!! MAVS WIPED THE FLOOR WITH THE KINGS
beachdrifter::What's with not shooting on those last possessions?
Jcpanther024::professional sports...if they can't stop the other team...play some darn defense
beachdrifter::What exactly does it accomplish?
BiggestE10K::sportsmanship???
Cowboys_Fan_I982::Monday night in LA.. Should be good
Dirk4Prezident::YEA MAVS WIN MAVS WIN
bigryan73::Carter seems to be liking it here in dallas
Dirk4Prezident::everyone finds the fountain of youth in Dallas
Cowboys_Fan_I982::BALLGAME!!!
sgt616::Jumbaco!!!!
Cowboys_Fan_I982::OOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Dirk4Prezident::WOW NICE PASS BY VINSANITY
bigryan73::Two guys who need to Retire! Jerry Stackhouse and Juwan Howard!
Cowboys_Fan_I982::damnit TSF cardinal
BALABILA::60 F###ING POINTS?
J-SMOOVE2017::from 0-3 to 8-5
bigryan73::Custodian!
BALABILA::Get rid of the Wizards, Kings  and Hornets and you will have decent product.....  All what these teams do is lower the standard of the league, make fools of themselves and make people angry they paid money to watch this.....  Spare everyone the time, trouble and Embarressment........
Madhouse_United::After a rough start. Mavericks looking like the Mavericks of last year.
Madhouse_United::In time, we'll see. Too early to call right now.
austuc33::the real test is monday
Dirk4Prezident::yup the Champs are BACK!!!
sgt616::the Vince Carter role on this team sort of reminds me of Stackhouse's role many years back
Cowboys_Fan_I982::teh
DallasAreaSportsFan::if Mavs were making those open shots in teh third quarter they could easily be close to 110 at this point
Cowboys_Fan_I982::the
jeaylee::Jimmer plays like a little girl...
mavsyescowboysno::what?
braineater000::How old are you?  13?
n8n8n888::No one on the Kings wants to pass the ball.  When your leading assist man averages 3 per game, that is a sign of a team that has no leader, no game plan, and no hope.
supe540::They're still hung over from the Westphal era.  Got to give Smart a few weeks to put his system in place.
n8n8n888::No system is going to work w/that collection of players.  They are all shooters, not passers.  No one knows how to be a teammate.
