Adam Youman::Lol the knicks may be better off without melo. now they can play some defense and pass the ball around
Randy D Joyner::The Knicks are trying to get Mike Woodson fired. Nobody's playing hard. I would bust up this roster immediately. This must be James Dolan's plan: call this season and next season a wash. Melo will leave after this season, giving the Knicks an excuse to have a busted season next year. In 2015 the Knicks will have a ton of cap space, but Dolan won't spend a dime. The Knicks will go for bust in 2015 and 2016. This will put them at the top of the draft in 2017 with a ton of cap space. Dolan won't care because the Garden will continue to sell out and us Knicks fans will keep watching. We need to abandon this team until Dolan makes some good basketball moves.
Raymond Bermea::With Chandler back, the Knicks are getting back into things. The Magic are no good. Carmelo will go off for like 34 points and the Knicks supporting cast of Chandler, Stoudemire, Smith, Shumpert, and Hardaway will combined for 78 and the Knicks will win 112-90. Go to 9-18 and play against KD and the Thunder.
Mike Murphy::I wouldn't call losing at home to the Grizzlies without them having their best player "getting back into things."
Lornet Prather::All that really matters is which team will win the Championship of New York City.  Nothing else matters, certainly not a NBA championship with the Knicks and Nets.
Joshua Azenberg::The Knicks have more confidence right now... although these injuries just keep piling up...
Shaun Mitts::horrible win, but well take it. Its sad to see Melo and Felton go down.   JR smith played unbelievable tonight. 2 blks?? thats more than chandler lol.
Craig Keller::hope mello out for awhile so we can see if knicks better or worse with him
Tykeem Mitchell::The magic are 8-19 and they call the Knicks terrible, the knicks will actually be in the playoffs won't advance past the first probably but we will make it.
Andre Caesar Anderson::With Melo out, now we get to see the offensive genius that is NOT Mike Woodson. I guess J.R. Woodson-Smith becomes the Man now.  Thanks Dolan.
Andre Caesar Anderson::That would be true if only the squad had a competent Head Coach, who had any semblance of an offensive philosophy outside of "Give it to Melo, and Shoot it J.R." Woodson now HAS to develop an offense.
Charles Vogt::Jeez Andre, now your are responding to your own comments, then liking them? That's not only narcissistic, but also pathetic.
Andre Caesar Anderson::Charles Vogt Uh no, if you could see my Facebook page, then you would see who I was responding to, but it's ok, I'll let you have that one.
Randy D Joyner::Isn't it funny how JR Smith stank while his brother was in the D-League. Now, that Chis Smith is back on the roster, JR is playing for real. Say it ain't so!
Wayne Gotti::The Knicks Need to Trade for Oklahoma Thunder Reserve Point Guard Reggie Jackson He is the future we don't need Felton,Udrich,Pigioni,Chris Smith , all we need is Hardaway and Jackson as Point Guards. KNICKS MAKE THE TRADE FOR REGGIE JACKSON OKC!!!!!!!!!!!
Carl D Hill::Keep dreaming...
Jeffrey Nicholas::That Magic starting lineup has the ability to be very good. Harris is better as a stretch four than he is at the three, but still a very skilled lineup.
Tony Ellis::39 minutes for Chandler, 43 minutes for Tobias. Guess they don't have any minutes restriction anymore.
Edmund Wight::The Knicks will find out the same thing the Lakers found out. They are better without their ball hogs on the floor.
Mark Sugimoto::They played better and won when Melo got hurt and Lin was running the team a couple of years ago.
John Martin::Mark Sugimoto  But Melo is making gazillions and Lin is not.
Joshua Azenberg::John Martin pretty sure Lin is making gazillions...
John Martin::With Chandler back and Melo taking only 14 shots (and making seven) the Knicks are looking better.
John Martin::I just saw the box score, did not realize Melo was hurt. Explains why he only shot 14 times.
Yezurah Emmanuel::John Martin next time check it out first .
Byron Saenz::example here where u get ppl who tells their opinions without watching the games............u get ignorance like this
Carl D Hill::Ladies and Gentlemen, this is your 2014 Kicks without Melo, it's going to be ugly if he leaves...
Craig Keller::or he could be shown again that he's not needed, like 2 years ago when Lin got them to the playoffs
Carl D Hill::Craig Keller Lol...
Thomas Miller::Afflalo with less than 10 in the half so far... think that sump D got anything to do with that??
Will Bernanke::GREAT GAME BY KNICKS,  THIS IS THE START OF SOMETHING BIG AND WIN THE TITLE THIS YEAR!!!!
John Martin::Wanna bet?
Tung Nguyen::This is the result when Melo don't play hero ball. Oh, did he even played in the 4q?
Marcus Grein::nah, he left in the 3rd when they were up 20.
Marcleen Bavogui::they had a 20point lead when he left.. and they barely beat the magic
Tracey Johnson::lol wow definitely a Melo hater. If you maybe watched the game you would know the Knicks were winning by 25 till Melo got hurt in early 3rd quarter and without him they blew that lead and almost lost.
Carl D Hill::TheKnicksBlog, THE worst Knicks blog, EVER!!!!
Carl D Hill::...Where all of the CHUBBY Knicks "fans" hang out.....true story...
Shaun Mitts::Carl D Hill come to this website called threetothedome. com . its made by knicks fans, u can write articles, share opinions and stuff. no mods, say w/e u want. if u want to, come take a look
Carl D Hill::Shaun Mitts Bet....i'll check it out.....
Steven Rivera::Previous 10 games Melo is shooting at 48.5%  sucks to see him out this game
Andy P Kordyban::Feed the ball to the Big B (Bargnani). Let him serve up 3 after 3!
TooBig TooStrong::whats the Knicks record since Chandler came back?
Clifford Francois::well... at least the knicks are still winning.
Tyrice Harvell::Why small amout of Knicks always negative
Kenson Kwok::Very time I watched the Knicks' "Big Expectation" ad on NBA TV, I laughed
Carl D Hill::Knicks by double digits....
