tommydilz::I didn't watch this game, but I imagine it was the worst game in NBA history.
dsupertech::That 4th quarter was a hot damn mess. Just sad and pathetic. As much as tickets cost, this is the best these 2 "teams" can muster. Damn
dsupertech::And max contract Roy Hibbert is not worth to $hitty nickels. Dude you are 7', been in the league 4 years and still can't dominate. Useless muda sucka.
Erban Legend::LOL Pacers lose even when the other team only scores 5 in the 4th.
JrueRandallHoliday::You know all is not right in the world when Jose Calderon register a triple double...
thomascedill::Pacers are missing Granger badly. That, or this just proves that the NBA has good teams and no team should be taken lightly. Afterall, these people are getting paid millions so I would think that they'd be capable of winning.
Mr. Nut Job::How could you lose to 5 points in the 4th... damn!  Pacers are surely sort of STUPID this night!
zackdaddy85::Let's try to explain how bad this loss was: *toronto 1-6 *played 3 ot game night before *tornoto arrived in indy at 3am *2 raptors starters didn't play *Toronto scores 5 points in 4th quarter *toronto is on the road  This may be the worst loss in Proffesional sports history by the pacers fire vogel? wow
zackdaddy85::Wolves are a playoff team this year, and at least have a winning record, this honestly is the worst loss in nba last 2 years,
Mr. Nut Job::lol
eototalt::Ask the Mavs, they got beat my Wolves when we had no Love, Rubio, Roy, Barea, Budinger and Pekovic twisted ankle in third out for remainder of game. lol
zackdaddy85::just wow
zackdaddy85::and a decent reserve who gets time(anderson) didn;t play
zackdaddy85::forgot their best player by far(lowry) didn't play
Kinga1024::Tyler hansborogh is a fouliing machine Refs gave this game to the pacers and they still lost
dont_hate_the_playa_hate_the_game::wait...toronto scores 5 points in 12 minutes...and still wins? lolololololololololololol
Br3tt11::Any one else read that piece on grantland declaring the Raptors incredibly watchable? Not in the 4th
7810Michael::im pissed the pacers should be 6 &amp; 1 easy
SAFrankSU::Toronto scores 5 in the last quarter and still wins?  Pacers = Irrelevant
Mr. Nut Job::Not a bad assessment.
thatcrossedtheline::This Pacers team has amazing potential, but they just can't find an identity. Hibbert needs to take more shots, and Lance Stephenson has got to go.
TnWest24::So its Stephensons fault when Hill goes 8-20 and Hibbert cant walk without tripping over his own feet?
Rexanilatorz::Hibbert needs to  take more shots?? Did you watch the game tonight he kept on missing EASY layups
Jimmy_Jim_Jimbo::Hurray, our Raptors finally won a road game ... or should I say the Pacers lost it. Good thing Jose Calderon was there. He was the only guard with an assist and led the team in rebounding. Congrats to Jose on a triple double.
dickerson1268::They scored 5 points in the 4th...and won??
Jimmy_Jim_Jimbo::Pacers lost it more than the Raptors won it. But Jose Calderon did play very well.
Rdog_14::My thoughts exactly. Wow, Pacers. Wow.
ptglj517::The Pacers look asleep so far this season.  Playing with no energy; it's pathetic.  I guess they thought it would be easy just because they had a good season last year, but they clearly aren't ready for the rest of the league when they're on the radar.
Kinga1024::Jonas V played amazing in limited minutes and so did terrence ross
Jimmy_Jim_Jimbo::They weren't the only ones asleep tonight. Calderon was the only guy who came to play. The rest of the Raptors were basically no-shows.
Mickey Spillane::"Ok guys, good lead, last quarter, I've got this new Mike Brown offense we should try.."
JuMueller::Raptors scored 133 points yesterday and lost. I wonder if a 59 point decrease in scoring in back to back games as well as the win is some sort of record?
Piep152::hell yeah go raptors
NJNets_100979::craptors tried everything they can to lose this game.. unfortunately they were outdone by the pacers
minick_man83::Is that box score real?
zackdaddy85::and to a 1-6 team
Jimmy_Jim_Jimbo::It speaks volumes about the Pacers so far this year that they lost at home to a team which made only one of 15 shots in the fourth quarter.
Jeff41456572::What the hell @ the raptors posting 5 points in the 4th and winning
jc_sooner::What a pathetic score... These are nba teams right?
Minnie Mantlez::I wonder if the Toronto players still have to pay 2 taxes.
wnsj89::Raps should have won the first one as well, oh well glad they made up for it tonight
NewtJoSports::"You can trade me back to the Spurs now."-George Hill
rcole86::you're dang right they suck... we gave max contract to a guy that puts up 6 points 9 boards on the Raptors and did i mention he's 7 ft and can barely dunk. I was buying into the Paul George hype, but until he gets a man body, he's going to get pushed around. David West is the only player worth a crap on this team and something tells me he will be gone after this season.
Erica6592::Relax man there is still 75 games left!
mms1987::$@%! im still so PIIIIISSSSSSED IN THIS PACERS TEAM i cant sit, im SO FUKKKIN MAD
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::LOL@ Pacers D allowing 5 points in the quarter and still lose.  Challenge the Heat huh?  This team sucks.....
Undefeatable Online Warrior::is this a new record low for scoring in a quarter in the shot clock era?
Undefeatable Online Warrior::ROFL dude a 5 point quarter ??? HAHAHAHAH and they actually WON.
No God of mine would cancel iCarly::demar derozan has played over 100 minutes in 24 hours
rcole86::The  worst moves we made was getting rid of Collison and Amundson. Gerald Green and DJ Ausgustine are straight garbage.
rcole86::you're welcome
ColtsHoosiersPacersDude::i have hope for green. hes athletic. augustin however... id take back collison
Nowitzki.::Thank you guys for Collison ;)
Nowitzki.::5 points 4th quarter?? lmaooooooooooooooooooooo and they won?? lmaooooooooooooooo this must be historic
raaaj989::bring LARRY back!
hokienation135::As a Heat fan, Indiana is a much better team than this. Once they get Granger back they will be fine. Right now Hibbert is seeing a lot more defenders so it's tougher on him. Indy fans shouldn't worry too much. George Hill and Paul George are pretty good
gt1master_ike::Hibbert is overrated.
rcole86::I'm really glad to see big roy was worth all that money.
jerry0892::indiana sucks
Kit Ramsey::Agree.
hokienation135::<b> Raptors scored 5 points in the fourth and won? Indy fans should be embarrassed</b>
mms1987::possible to hate a team more then i do right now? these awful pacers should be looked up in a closet for 5 years and not get out before 50 years
ColtsHoosiersPacersDude::Embarrassing. I hope this is just a fluke start and not something bigger, i fear the offseason trades really screwed us. Granger being gone is obviously a problem but we shouldnt be this bad.
Erica6592::Granger is a solid shooter... I was shocked when they traded Colisson! That was a bad move...
ColtsHoosiersPacersDude::yea especially with his replacement being augustin... i wouldnt want a single player from that bobcats team lol. and to make matters worse collison has been fantatstic with dallas
ColtsHoosiersPacersDude::Its always nice when you can have a sensible conversation! well atleast i got the Hoosiers and (who woulda thought) the Colts!
Erica6592::Dude, I'm a Bulls fan and I agree!
Taco with a Q::Im glad you have common sense Erica..but Its true its been a terrible start
Taco with a Q::no we shouldnt be
Agent_Avilaz::Pacers miss barbosa....lol
Kit Ramsey::And Collison.
Kit Ramsey::With the 3rd pick in the 2013 NBA draft, the Pacers select....
rlathdus::BOBCATS &gt; PACERS FACT
junoNCAL::raptors won? after scoring 5 POINTS in the 4th? calderon got a triple double?  pacers, contract yourselves immediately
wilcox1232::the pacers are the main competition to the heat to....lol
NewtJoSports::raptors, you know ur teams bad when ur color commentator (Leo Rautins) played 31 nba games not even for your team. He averaged 1.7 ppg though!
NewtJoSports::NIce observation but no im american but i watched a Raptors broadcast via league pass the other day. Saw Rautins and had never heard of him so i looked him up.
Shwaguy::Our Colour Commentator is Jack Armstrong usually, and based on the way you spell colour I doubt you actually ever watch Raptors broadcasts
vancomfan::triple double.........thats dope niccas............
d-nyce-::Any Blue Jays fans in here? We just got Jose Reyes.   Is Reyes similar to a Jeter type of player, like for his hits and defense?
d-nyce-::I looked at his stats and it doesn't match his contract lol
Agent_Avilaz::reyes was a nym beast...not so much in fla though  nobody is like jeter...or jeter like
Agent_Avilaz::this loss is no worse than dallas losing to charlotte...
d-nyce-::tell me about it, I had Dallas for the spread.
wilcox1232::the raptors are just awful they won the game but wow. And im a huge raptors fan
Taco with a Q::As a Pacers fan...I dont know what the flip just happened to our team....we suck
