pvmountaineer::Heat beat us by 4 on their court without Deng...can't wait to play them at United Center!
RI8810::D Rose had 13 assists. He could of have 40pts but the MVP gets his team involved that is what makes him better then the rest
IlliniDave68::^THIS.
thats quagmire::bucks are just good enough not to get high lottery picks. same ol same ol
thats quagmire::Chicago took over that Bradley Center last night. You gonna let that fly sconnies?
RI8810::Bears got just as close this year as the almost untouchable team with the MVP of the league in just the regular season though B/C they lost to the crappiest team ever to make the SB
TimFerger::Yes!  Because the Bucks organization is garbage.  It has obviously been time to blow this thing up and start over for a long time.  Yet the Senator always seems to want to clinch that prestigious 8th seed.  It is hard to support a joke of a team in an even bigger joke of a league.  I guess if you are from Chicago, its the only shot you have at seeing a title in one of the big 3 pro sports in America.  I just think it's awesome it's in a league that nobody cares about.  How bout those Bears?
Sportsman45029::Cant wait until the March 4th rematch on National TV.. what will be the excuse when the sixers beat that $@% again bulls fans?
Sportsman45029::book it. its on espn that night
IlliniDave68::Hey, while you're at it, how about laying the winning MegaMillions and/or Powerball numbers on me?
IlliniDave68::YAWN.  I grow weary of you so I'll just ask this - who's #1 in the East?
Sportsman45029::bulls fan!? WHAT WILL BE YOUR EXCUSE THE NEXT TIME THE BULLS LOSE A BIG GAME? and once again philly beat your $@%, injured or not.. we didnt have our starting center until last night against the hawks.. so $@%!
Chris 5 yards after contact Ivory::Weak
IlliniDave68::Yep. Now you're bypassing the filter.  Hypocrite.
Sportsman45029::i said s.t.f.u
IlliniDave68::Funny. You accuse me of "screaming" but you're the one using language that needs to be filtered.  Why is that?
IlliniDave68::Miami trolls need to chill because their team has lost to Milwaukee, a team Chicago is 2-0 against, twice and only beat a banged up Bulls team by 4 AT HOME.  Philly trolls need to chill because their team got blown out, AT HOME, by that Miami team that lost twice to Milwaukee and mainly beat Chicago because the Bulls were banged up at the time.
Sportsman45029::16 points per game, number two scorer? you must be on crackk.. sixers dont even hav a star or number one player and were blowing teams out
IlliniDave68::You're one of those over the top Philly fans I was mentioning earlier. I keep answering you with stats and you just come back with more hostility. More stats for you -  http://espn.go.com/nba/team/schedule/_/name/phi/philadelphia-76ers  There are an awful lot of sub-.500 teams on this list (not to mention that 3 of Philly's wins came against Washington). Don't get me wrong. It's good that your boys are winning games they should win but don't get carried away and try to make more of it than it is.
Sportsman45029::three of his seasons in leauge he averaged less than 15 points per game.. and has been oft injured throughout his career. finese $@% player.. sit down
IlliniDave68::Did you miss where I said 16.1 was his CAREER average? Also, didn't you JUST say that injuries happen?  Hypocrite.
Sportsman45029::yeah because we didnt have our starting center for a few games either so stop that $@%!$@%! luol deng about being hurt.. hes not consistent at all.. and rip hamilton was dogging it all year in detroit last year, if you forgot.. so yeah..
IlliniDave68::Deng's stats -  http://espn.go.com/nba/player/_/id/2429/luol-deng  If a CAREER average of 16.1 ppg is "inconsistent", I'll take inconsistent every day and twice on Sunday. Those are good numbers for a #2 scorer.  It really cracks me up how many fans of other teams, who CLAIM to be knowledgeable, try to marginalize just how important Deng is to the Bulls.
IlliniDave68::Philly is a contender and a good young team. I said so on here the night they beat the Bulls. Some of you Philly fans are just over the top with it, though, and getting totally carried away based on the outcome of ONE game.
IlliniDave68::Not screaming. Just stating facts. Why are you even here to worry about what I'm posting? Are the Bulls and Sixers playing today and the NBA neglected to let the rest of us know?
Sportsman45029::so the bulls were never a young and up and coming team like how the sixers are now?? they were always a "contender"? i dont think so..
Sportsman45029::gtfoh with that weak as excuse.. you know on most nights rose is a one man show anyway.. and yeah we lost by 20 to the heat but we beat your bulls by 16! so what you screaming?
IlliniDave68::Fair enough. Many Bulls fans, myself included, feel that some Philly fans think their team is better than ours based solely on the outcome of ONE game where our team wasn't at full strength.  THAT is a discredit to our team.
Sportsman45029::my issue is i feel bulls fans are not giving credit where its due, you got outplayed by an up and coming team in philly, so be it. but dont sit there and discredit another teams win because of one player who missed the game.. we got blown out by the heat. our starting center was out, thats no excuse.. the heat are better than the sixers.. but match up well with chicago. except we dont have a go to scorer
IlliniDave68::Sportsman45029 and deng missed the previous 6 games prior to the one against philadelphia, where "da bulls" lost to pacers and heat  -----------------------  Right. Which proves just how important he is to the Bulls. They win those two games, for sure, and, at least, push Philly a WHOLE LOT harder with him in there.
IlliniDave68::Bulls 2011-2012 stats -  http://espn.go.com/nba/team/stats/_/name/chi/chicago-bulls  Says here the Bulls have 5 guys averaging double figures in ppg. It would very likely be 6 guys but Noah got off to a sluggish start this season.  If you want to sound dumb by calling that a "one man show", be my guest.
Sportsman45029::and deng missed the previous 6 games prior to the one against philadelphia, where "da bulls" lost to pacers and heat
Sportsman45029::and every team doesnt have injuries? so whats your point? exactly?
DrewC399::30 points (ppg) were sitting on the bench with Deng and Hamilton out. Count yourself lucky and happy to have drawn the Bulls on a night Philly could win. What am I screaming? Statistics and logic.
oogsalex::^^^^^ He who is responsible for giving the Flamers their new name!
surfzone365::I'm surprised the Magic fans haven't come back out of hiding since they finally won a game, claiming that all is well, that Howard is staying, and that the Magic will win the title!
surfzone365::Sure saw a lot of red and black in the Bradley Center last night. UC North no joke!
ladnerangela::oh and 31% from downtown  hahahahhahahaha
Sportsman45029::oh wait luol deng is the best player in nba history? right bulls fans??
JK Belvi 2008::Bushybrows isn't the total answer although you keep pounding his stats. He can however make his teammates better with his style of play. The Sixers have balanced scoring - important. And, will need depth in order to get through the conference. Stats mean squat right now when everyone is trying to keep their starters on the court with the short schedule and so many injuries to deal with.
JLew-TheClick73::Bushybrows? Now that is the epitome of LAME......i guess you hope it catches on
ladnerangela::bushybrows will never take u anywhere as long as hes ur go2 guy!  hes barely better then westbrook and we praise his 23pts and 45% shoot like its sooo great!  either the nba has gotten that bad or u peeps are blinded by it being ur team!
chitownwesst::right ecf and MVP @ 22 years old..no one can stay in front of him..dominates every opponent pretty much every game..best record in the East and is the leader of his team...yep Chicago is headed no where
CharlesPeanutTillman33::i live in chicago......
surfzone365::I was there for the Bears-Lions game when Peanut Tillman return it 44 yards for a TD.  Wish i could get back there more
surfzone365::I live in VA too. Go Bulls!
surfzone365::Not too far from there
ladnerangela::harrisonburg here...
surfzone365::So much anger!  Tone it down before you have a coronary.  Go Bulls
IlliniDave68::I didn't know gay marriage was legal in Virginia.
tbomber2::those online poker sites are a ponzi scheme which is why they were shut down
ladnerangela::oh no redneck jokes as we dont fish/hunt.  play poker all day till stupid fbi frigged that up!  stupid   USA  TAXXXXX POKER ONLINE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ID PAY 1K IN TAX 2 DROPPPPP 1K.  NOW IM GETTING A BIT WORKED UP :)
ladnerangela::nope live in the great moutains of va.  with husband,  2 dogs, cat and best part no kids :)
surfzone365::Youre a Philly fan, by default you're angry and miserable. Chicago &gt; Philly all day
ladnerangela::no anger in me at all!  go sixers!!
joshuaizme::The Suns management must be full of greedy billionaires or something. Nash has given SO much to the Suns (even without a championship) and now he is practically one of the last remaning players who DOESN"T wine about wanting to win or be traded and they can't even help him win a championship.  Suns, look at what the Wolves did for Garnett when they traded him to a contender. NOW DO THAT FOR NASH! He deserves it, and he doesn't have that much longer either that he will be playing at this level.  I'm not a Suns fan, but come on quit keeping him around to sell tickets you greedy b*s*a*r*s. You had your oportunity to try and build around him, and did nothing. NOW TRADE HIM. I wish that all the fans in Phoenix would bring signs saying they aren't going to come to any more games unless they trade Nash.
Mitchell3570::Nash doesn't want to be traded though
Bede Bears::LeBum LeBrick LeJoke LeQueen LeBitch LeQuit
rkollarndhs69::are you talking about Derrick Rose?
ladnerangela::bushybrows!  poor shoot!  cant score 40 in a game!  shoots over 25 times in a game more then any1 in the game!  31 percent from downtown   hahhahahhahahhahahahah
Jubin3567::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwDqoiQHBOk  ahahahahah
ladnerangela::has nothing 2 do where u live!  u have peeps like that where u live!  no place is different just the peeps.  meaning all types everywhere.
harvardandchicagobulls::hey lebum and "heat" bandwagons, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgfpJWUYgbg YEA!
harvardandchicagobulls::athis year their even better,. And dont make that STUPID comment about last sunday cause you can barely beat an unhealthy bulls team
ladnerangela::lebum?    ohhh and can beat u in 7 game series!  so if hes a bum what that make ur players?  guess u forgot last year?  dont worry nothing has changed.  talk smack on the king but u shoud wait till u get by them in playoffs be4 u do that!
joshuaizme::Is all this "gloating," that Bulls fans supposedly do taking place in Chicago? I"m a Bulls fan who lives in NC and have a couple other Bulls fans, and we never talk smack or gloat. We get excited when they play well and bummed out when they lose. We congradulate our friends that are fans of the teams that beat us on whatever night. I just don't get why there is so much hate. Maybe I'm just not around enough Chicago fans or something. The only annoying fans I've ever met are the bandwagon fans who claim to be Clippers or Heat fans because of their offseason movements the past two years. Guys that have never worn a jersey before of those teams until now.
harvardandchicagobulls::hey i'm a state north from you. but these "heat/flamers/flower fans" are really vexing me.
DogOnLoose::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn3RIsV9kVA
harvardandchicagobulls::haha
harvardandchicagobulls::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMTJW7h8daY
harvardandchicagobulls::thank you, LOL
Jubin3567::You're 12? Wow, you sure had me fooled with the witty replies and the original insults.
harvardandchicagobulls::i live upstairs thank you. lets see, 6 years really. Me 12 PUNK. It was funny. i saw what the heat "fans" did to the chicago bulls. the mods responded that quicker than the flowers/flamers LOL
Jubin3567::lmao this is beyond pathetic. It's one thing to hate the Heat, but you have to reallllllly have no life and nothing better to do than to edit their Wikipedia page and then gloat about as if it's some sort of significant accomplishment. Have fun living in your moms basement the next ten years.
brandonlee561heat::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COB7PDtgaTc
ProtoEarth::Btw I didn't say I was leaving...I said I was "done." Meaning I was done with that conversation. You guys are a joke.   Now I am "leaving." Peace.
JK Belvi 2008::Liar
surfzone365::Good to see Deng getting back into full stride.  He is certainly missed when he is not in.  Now it's on to cut down the Nets. Go Bulls
nachosmind::Even MJ had his off-days, in the end the only thing that matters is the W.
ladnerangela::yes i guess ur ready for the heat now?  shoot doesnt matter who comes back!  bushybrows and the baby bulls will be like alot of players in the past.  wont get a ring cause of certian team in the way!  saw it with dan in MIA.  saw it with good ewing in NY.  bushy will have 2 get alot better 2 even have a chance on the sixers.    keep on praising the 23pts a game and 45% shoot like its the best in the game!  i mean common man!!!! has the nba turnned that bad that we give mvps 2 players with stats like that?  i mean they are good but not the best the game has 2 offer!  dont give me that crap they dont have enough help!  they will have best record 2 years in a row!  now 2 say they are not good enough 2 beat heat in 7 games is the right way 2 say it!  but 2 blame evey1 else on the team instead of the player who shoots 25 times a game 2 get hes 23 points, that might be where i would start!
Jaguarcrazyboy::Getting Deng some rest really helps. That is why I hope Rip can sit as long as he can. Rest helps.
JK Belvi 2008::Deng definitely made a difference and Hamilton needs to be 100%. The Bulls win with depth and chemistry, they will both need to be 100% for them to be contenders for the title. There's not much left out in the market to make this team any better. They need to play 2 complete squads in order to compete.
Jaguarcrazyboy::GO BULLS! Good win and return by Luel"God Bless the Queen" Deng!
Jaguarcrazyboy::Chicago's finest Brew. Carlos Boozer approves.
DogOnLoose::DENGBANG and some Hotsauce.
harvardandchicagobulls::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMTJW7h8daY
harvardandchicagobulls::this is the Miami Flamers. Comment and spread every game. Someone else made it here. I forgot who.
Mania-Mar::lol we had more fans than the bucks did at their own place
Jaguarcrazyboy::Yeah we do!
DogOnLoose::UC North!!!
ProtoEarth::To be honest sports fans see the Bulls and Heat as all talk. You guys won't deliver. You troll each other, and the end result will be the same...neither of you will win anything.
DogOnLoose::Proto is a Thunder fan...lol
JK Belvi 2008::Let's see..... ProtoEarth - hmmmmm....Proto / Earth - Middle Earth?   Is your brother Froto?   Get a life - you're not that smart and obviously have too much time on your hands.
ProtoEarth::You must be intrigued by me if you following my response to another person.. I already finished my conversation with you.
JK Belvi 2008::I don't even pay attention to the Thunder. Who are these people? Am I on the wrong thread? Wait......I thought you were?
JK Belvi 2008::I thought you left. Now, click on the Thunder box score and hit conversation. You may be able to serve a better purpose.
ProtoEarth::I don't see Thunder fans gloating about a regular season record. Sit down.
Jezeble::Hahahaha, talk about hype!
ProtoEarth::I am.
JK Belvi 2008::Sorry, still no guaranteed correspondence being sent by Bulls Fans. If Queen James doesn't win this year - you'll be better served by changing your tag.
JK Belvi 2008::Sounds good. Good bye.
ProtoEarth::I'm not getting a rise out of anybody. I stated what I needed to say. I haven't deviated from that, and now I'm done. You can have your fellow fan support ..it won't change the fact what I said is true.
JK Belvi 2008::Granted. Then quit trying to get a rise out of people since you have no purpose. Talk about trolling?
ProtoEarth::You know I don't support LBJ right? You'll see this same tag next year.
Jezeble::Look who's talking about trolling.
Jezeble::Like everybody doesn't talk about the Thunder having the best record in the League every time they mention them.
ProtoEarth::It's good to have that fight in you...just stop gloating about a regular season record when you haven't achieved your main objective at all. You might as well be the Cavs of the LBJ era if you are start doing that.
Jezeble::I can't speak for the Heat, but I'll tell you this much, never count out the Bulls. They have a will to win and the hearts to fight for a championship. Even if they don't win this year, they won't stop fighting.
ProtoEarth::Trolling is just a pathetic excuse people use to ignore when something truthful is being said. Just weak. Call it trolling all you want. Both teams are hype.
Jezeble::Yes I am sad. Sad that you feel the need to come on here and troll these boards to get some attention. You must be a rather pathetic, little man.
ProtoEarth::You are just sad...smfh.
Jezeble::Wow, a delusional troll. That's something new.
ProtoEarth::This isn't trolling son. This is the truth.
Miamicantsellout::Rip/deng/rose/gibson/noah should be the starting five when rip comes back
tbomber2::The main point of Miamicantsellout's post is not that we have the best record, but that we have it DESPITE our starting lineup playing only 5 games together.  It means that when fully healthy, we are better than 20-6.
JK Belvi 2008::Bulls looked real good last night with Deng back in the lineup. Also, Boozer is the biggest problem with the Bulls offensively "and" defensively. He's soft down low which puts all the pressure on Noah. Tib's called multiple time-outs after the Bucks just cruised down the lane with no help defense. Bulls have enough outside shooters with Deng, Hamilton, Gibson, Korver etc. etc...He needs to stay down low and play some defense.
Miamicantsellout::Sam Smith: The Bulls are now 20-6, despite playing the most road games in the NBA and the most games overall, including 10 back to backs and one three in a row. They are effectively tied with Oklahoma City for the best record in the NBA and have had their starting lineup together for just five games.
Jamie5731::Heat won by 4 points with 30 points missing from the Bulls line up, i think with a healthy team the Bulls will beat the Heat
ProtoEarth::Go there. Choking was seen.
JK Belvi 2008::Choke? Are you sure you want to go there?
ProtoEarth::I say the same thing about them as well.
Jamie5731::I say the same about Miami
ProtoEarth::Don't choke when it matters...I don't want to be let down again.
Jamie5731::You will in May when it matters
ProtoEarth::I want to see that happen.
ProtoEarth::Yet they still lose to the Heat, and no...I am not a Heat fan.
ProtoEarth::The Bulls are hype..sorry. Until you beat the gutless Heat ...you are nothing but a good team glorifying a regular season record. Don't be a joke.
ProtoEarth::Fact:  The Bulls were suppose to make it out of the East by beating the Heat when it counted. Everybody had them in the Finals. Everybody was convinced that the Bulls would ...since they beat the Heat in the regular season constantly. All the analysts and Bull fans were wrong. Bulls actual Finals visit: 0.  Derrick Rose ECF: 4 Losses - 1 Win when it mattered.
Jezeble::Just like Heat trolls on Bulls boards.
tpschere::Then why whenever I hear the Bulls talked about on TV, the radio, or the papers does every 'analyst' mention the fact that D Rose is the Bulls only superstar, and teams don't win often with only 1 superstar. The expectations are far greater with the Heat, a team that has 3 all stars.   The Pistons won a championship without a superstar. They beat the Lakers, a team with Shaq and Kobe. That year do you think the Pistons were viewed by people with the same expectations as the Lakers? Hell no.
ProtoEarth::See what you want...facts are facts. You can ignore them to your heart's content...they will always be here.
JK Belvi 2008::Fact:   The Heat guaranteed a championship last year after prancing through an array of fireworks. Unfortunately, they were wrong. Actual Queen James Guaranteed Championships: 0         Losses: 1
Jezeble::Hype? We are not the ones having a victory celebration before playing even 1 game. We did not promise, not one, not two, not three, not four, not five, not six, not seven.... So you might want to rethink that "hype" comment, troll.
tbomber2::prove that we can live up to the hype?  how else do you do that but by winning games?  you going to say only playoffs matter?  then by your logic we have no way to measure how good one team is vs. another... maybe the Bucks are the best team in the league right now since we're ignoring regular season record.  You say you only state facts but all I see are illogical fallacies.
ProtoEarth::Don't be dense...everybody views the Bulls the same way they view the Heat. They just hate the Heat more.
tpschere::Live up to your hype? Come on man be reasonable. The Bulls don't have near the hype or expectations that the Heat have to live up to. In everyone's eyes but D Roses the Heat were the bigger disappointment last season then the Bulls.
ProtoEarth::The best record doesn't mean s.h.i.t. if you can't make it to the Finals and win the title...so you s.t.f.u. and prove that you can live up to your hype.
tbomber2::and having the best record puts us in a better position to do so by having home court advantage in every series.  so please, s t f u.
DogOnLoose::Last year is last year. Both teams lost when it mattered. And "Bulls gloating" I see no Bulls players here gloating about the record. I want the Bulls players to be healthy when the schedule starts to get tough.
ProtoEarth::You'll be great when you beat the opponent you are suppose to beat, so you can make it out of the East.
Jezeble::The heat beat us last year, did they win the championship?
tbomber2::Fact:  that was last year.  find something new to throw at us and stop living in the past.  like i said, you act like having the best record isn't the sign of a great team.
ProtoEarth::Facts:  The Bulls lost to Heat 4-1 in the ECF.  The Bulls lost to the Heat this season.  Bulls gloating about their winning record...just like last year.
tbomber2::we've heard it all before.  stop pretending like you dont wish your team had the best record in the league
ProtoEarth::Well when you start gloating about your record....you make yourself a target. The Bulls had the best record last year, and you saw what happened to them. They are shaping up to have the best record again, so let's see how that works out yet again.
Jamie5731::Unless they face the Bucks before they get to the Bulls
Jezeble::Break out the champagne and confetti, the Heat beat us in one regular season game. OMG, they are so going to win the championship!
tbomber2::sorry but a baseless claim does not equal a fact  and you claiming not to be a heat fan doesn't make your opinion any more factual
ProtoEarth::I only state facts. I guess that's slobbering to you...when it's not in your favor. o.o
JK Belvi 2008::At this point in the season, who cares. The Heat lost twice to the Bucks - blah blah blah blah...
Jamie5731::You sure are slobbing them though
dks211::Looks like Stephen Jackson ["Jack"] has already worn out his welcome in Milw. What a Loser.....
ncblue1987::Even when the Bulls win, their fans still talk about the Heat. I guess they can't get over a loss. Anyways, it will hurt more in the playoffs so save your complaining. Our only competition that you guys rant about is the Mavs and they just lost to Cleveland. If you can't name an Eastern Conference team besides the Bucks with the same confidence, then I have great confidence in my team's chances to win it all, considering the Bucks will probably play the Bulls in the first round.
tbomber2::the irony.  heat fans trolling the milwaukee-chicago board and commenting on bulls fans talking about the heat.  since you seem to be devoid of logic, you probably dont understand why indiana fans talk about the bulls, atlanta fans talk about the bulls, OKC fans talk about the mavs and so on.
Epicki::You wonder why we still talk about Heat fans when they make comments like that?
Jezeble::I do change my tampons, but that does not change the fact that you people are annoying, misguided trolls. Last season did not teach you anything, so let's see if this time when you lose it all, you'll finally learn some humility.
ncblue1987::Heat fans? If you guys cried about Heat fans, then you should probably change your tampons.
JK Belvi 2008::It's a good thing that Bulls fans talk about the Heat. Since the 3 Las Vegas dance queens pranced through the fireworks last year talking yang at the same time - of course Bulls fans are going to talk about the Heat. Has nothing to do with confidence - It has to do with finding ways to beat "your" team that started it. Even Queen James admitted that it's something that he regrets doing.
tpschere::And I also find it hilarious that someone with a username of "NCBlue" is also a Miami Heat fan. I suppose you also like the Patriots, the Red Wings, and the Yankees?
tpschere::If you don't care that much about 'our team' then why did you seek out a Chicago-Milwaukee game conversation to post on? Seems like you at least somewhat care about our team...
Robert156877::Not true.  I seem to remember Asik being out for most of the finals.  The real question is why do all the bandwagon Miami fans spend so much time commenting about the Bulls.
JK Belvi 2008::Fair enough. Now you can head back your "assembled team" thread. In addition, the healthiest, deepest and least fatigued team in both conferences after this tough schedule will be the ones left standing at the end. We'll see...
ncblue1987::Don't take this to heart but I don't care that much about your team. I am sorry that our celebration affected you but you had a healthy team last time around and you still couldn't beat the Lebron show. Now we have a healthier squad.
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
FranklinStrut::First team to 20 wins. We rule.
FranklinStrut::41 minutes is hard to understand but Coach was Man of the Year last year.
SniperFighter179::Deng is back.  Watch out NBA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bobicous::Wow does Rose ever touch the ball and not walk or carry the ball?  Fact is he is a made superstar just like Lebron!  Neither one would have lasted 2 seconds vs players like Oakley and Lambier from Jordans days.  Pahetic how many times these guys get bailed out by the refs who just happen to miss them constantly walking, carrying, or my fav moving both feet before they dribble!  Love the Not Basketball Anymore!
ltodaptodag@gmail.com::Lebron and Rose are bigger stronger and more talented than anyone playing those positions from that era, but I didn't say better.but yes they would compete well with that era.
FranklinStrut::Where are you from? Detroit or NY. No wonder why you think the NBA sucks. Because you team does the same. While not Jordan, Rose is so incredibly fast and good, he could play with anyone.
chicagoillini9::$@%! the d rose haters.
FranklinStrut::Hard to understand isn't it.
meats29::I saw this stat and laughed  The Bulls have more road wins so far this season (11) than the Wizards have road wins in 2008, 2010 and this season combined (10) OR in other words The Bulls have 11 road wins in 16 games this season while the Wizards only have 10 road wins in 93 games over those seasons.
Marc021556::Who is the 3pt shooting coach down at the Bucks, i would shoot a higher percentage with 1 arm.
WOORICKRUDE::challenge accepted
Epicki::He wasn't challenging anyone, just himself.
supergenius1313::Anyone else concerned that deng played 41 min coming back from a serious injury... in a huge blowout???
Isai5536::im concerned that the starters were out the until like 1 min left to play. thibs needs to start pulling them out alot earlier. no need to risk more injuries
cardseller05::Why do the Heat come on the Bulls boards to even talk?  Trying to make a case that the Bucks beat Miami twice, but the Bulls beat the Bucks twice?  Calm the sorrows son, Miami will get rolled in playoffs.  Begin to make excuses now please.
Unbiasedfan83::This post makes absolutely no sense. Why would Heat fans make a case about losing to the Bucks? You just wanted some likes. Loser
SniperFighter179::NOT 1 NOT 2 NOT 3 NOT 4 HOW ABOUT  Z E R O !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SniperFighter179::QUITNESS
SniperFighter179::LE-QUIT
SniperFighter179::LE-BUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jubin3567::Regular season victories don't mean anything. The Bulls beat the Heat 3 times last year during the regular season and if I recall the Heat "rolled" you 4-1 in the playoffs.
Unbiasedfan83::yaaaaawn
WOORICKRUDE::derp I'm a heat fan I like hairy butts and receding hair lines
Fagggs::and then the Heat lost to the old a.ss Mavs.
MEEENMACHINE::This is what I expect from Rose , if he always thought pass first ...Any NBA player will shoot a better percentage wide open , then a superstar shooting on 3 guys . Rose has a God given talent in dribble penetration , there is absolutely no reason for Rose not to have 15 assists a game. I'm even more impressed with the 0 turnovers...If he keeps this up into the Playoffs, the Bulls have a chance vs Miami ! The Heat won't be able to leave their men , once they know Rose is now a willing passer.
CAM997::OK...First things first MEEN, your stats have all kinds of obvious holes in them.  Steve Nash shot 43% through his first 4 years.  Rose is shooting 46.8% through his first four years.  Nash was also 25 at that time, Rose is 23.  Nash was not the primary scorer on his team like Rose is.  This means Nash's shots were at a lower volume therefore higher percentage.  He didn't have to take as many shots at the end of the shot clock like rose does either.  Rose was still better despite those advantages in Nash's favor.  Keep in mind that Nash has nowhere near the scoring ability that Rose does.  To say that Rose should pass and shoot with anywhere near the same frequency as Nash is absurd.  Nash also didn't average even 8 assists a game until his 8th year, Rose is currently doing that in his fourth.  Furthermore, comparing shooting %'s for Boozer and Rose is obviously flawed.  Rose takes the majority of shots at the end of the clock and quarters, Boozer takes virtually none of those.  Boozer also takes shots that are mostly high percentage shots (around the basket or open jumpers).  It's not even remotely indicative of who is a better shooter to compare the %'s for a primary and tertiary scorer.
mccoywajmu::rose is a willing passer dude i see what you are going for but this is not all on rose..his teammates have to make open shots...if korver would show up like this in the playoffs we would be in good shape..but that remains to be seen
MEEENMACHINE::Your criticism of the Knicks can be your demise come Playoff time. The Knicks did win the regular season series with the Bulls last year and the Knicks will be better suited in the 1/2 court set then the Bulls are.LIke the NY Giants and if they switch coaches now , could be a Van Gundy run to the Finals again , being the lowly 7th or 8th seed again !
mccoywajmu::rose is ready and willing to past but using the knicks as an example isnt a good sample...they arent even in the same class as the heat defensively and for some reason boozer craps his pants vs bosh
MEEENMACHINE::I'll give you they needed a 2 guard...But if Rose decides to pass on the penetration when the help comes, the Heat can't leave their men ! Which means Rose has a free lane to the basket . Like the game vs the Knicks , he drove 3 steps , Amare and Chandler came, with 1 slight of hand it was a Noah dunk ! What was the odds for Rose hitting over them ? He had a great game vs them and still didn't shoot well.
mccoywajmu::even with derrick icying deng he still got his numbers...we lost in the playoffs last year because derrick didnt have that legit 2nd scorer
MEEENMACHINE::Rose shot 40%...Boozer had 2, 50% + shooting games and shot less then 1/2 then Rose did , who shot 30%.
mccoywajmu::really..boozer shot 43% in the playoffs..avg 12 pts agame..how the hell did he ice boozer? and at the end of the day deng will never be a volume score..he will have his games but normally he will be 16 to 18 ppg..thats who he is..derrick didnt ice them...
MEEENMACHINE::I think Boozer is the whipping boy for every Rose fan , I mean Bulls fan. The fact is he's still in the top 15 in rebounds per minute. Top 10 in shooting percentage . Steals the ball twice as much as Rose does. Look at some shot charts, see how many outside shots Boozer makes and how many Rose makes and what is the percentage of the 2 ...Not even close !
MEEENMACHINE::Boozer still shot better then Rose did in the Playoffs. He's not a point guard , he can't dribble the ball from the other end of the court. Rose iced Deng and Boozer , last year when they were shooting 50% for the game , to take more shots then both of them combined. This is the ONLY reason why the BULLs can't go places. Big diff between Dirk and Rose , in being unselfish in the Playoffs !
mccoywajmu::they should be your right..but the reality is korver wasnt on the floor because he cant guard wade or lebron...boozer always disappears wouldnt you agree?
MEEENMACHINE::There is no need to shoot volume of shots if you attract defenders. The asset is attracting other people's defenders, not to be able to make an acrobatic shot over 3 of them . The shooters of the Bulls should be shooting open jump shots and the big men should be dunking the ball all day .
mccoywajmu::if we are talking playoffs boozer was awful last year..korver whose offense we need was nonexistent...that forces derrick to take more shots
mccoywajmu::right but volume of shots has to come into play...its one thing to shoot 50% on 6 shot attempts but the problem is guys like booozer wilt and disappear in big games..they dont want to shoot...and as good as nash is he has never won anything...never even been to the finals..neither has the traditional pg chris paul
MEEENMACHINE::Enough with that ...Rose shoots worse then all his teammates..Give that a break ...If his teammates shot a worse percentage , I'll agree with you , they don't ! Rose would shoot as good as Nash does(53%), if he was more selective and got more guys involved ! You also have to understand that Rose gets 3 or 4 breakaway dunks a game , which is a 95% shooting percentage. It means that his stats are worse then 44% in the 1/2 court ! How many breakaway dunks does Nash get off the Suns defense ?
cody wieseler 2012::dude theirs something that the bulls have had that the heat could never accomplish is its great history lebron-0- rings  Michael Jordan -6- rings he got more rings then lebron james mom has in her vagg
sm0klnj0e::i'm a bulls fan and even i thought it was an idiotic post
Jubin3567::typical 12 year old reply.
Jubin3567::Haha, even after a BULLS victory, the trending topic still seems to be the Heat. I guess we all know who the better team is here. LETS GO HEAT !
sm0klnj0e::so by your logic, because people are talking about the heat, that makes them better than the bulls?
Jubin3567::read all of the comments above and below.
mccoywajmu::heat fans come here to talk crap...the trending topic for us is to get healthy
cody wieseler 2012::we are the champion we are the champion no time for losing cause we are the champions of the nba
fairandbalanced00::BULLS should beware of Philadelphia and Indiana in the playoffs, if they are to meet Miami in the ECF, they would have to get by either one of them. BOTH Indiana and Philadelphia have multiple players who can score and do not need of one single player to decide the outcome of the game when it matters in the closing minutes whereas Rose wants to everything alone at the end making him and Chicago very predictable against good defensive elite teams. He has to trust his teamates more.
mccoywajmu::we will be fine in the playoffs if we are healthy....we wont apologize for having a star that can take over games...philly and indy's mehtod works in the regular but not having a star who can take over games will be their detriment in the playoffs
nutnbutnet2::Well said, playoffs much different game.
J-SMOOVE2020::The hate vs the Heat has gotten so tired and played.  It is just sports folks.  No need to $@%!$ and whine like little babies because 3 players teamed up in free agency on the same team.  It was the best option for all 3 and they are in better shape than all teams outside of Dallas right now.  Oh, and the Bucks beating the Heat in the playoffs?  LMAO!!!! NOT GONNA HAPPEN!!!
cody wieseler 2012::hay this is a bulls page so all you band wagon jumpers of the heat get the $@% outta the conversation
usmc82587::season yes, playoff run no
J-SMOOVE2020::Bucks will be lucky to get in as the 8 seed.  If they do, they will meet the Bulls cuz the Bulls are getting the 1 seed.
J-SMOOVE2020::i think the heat will beat them in the playoffs though
J-SMOOVE2020::bulls will finish with the better record
perrypete::we did not have a better season than the heat!
usmc82587::so at least your admitting the bulls are better than the heat, and will once again have a better season.
WiscKYSportsFan3::Doubt it.   Bucks &gt; Heat
WiscKYSportsFan3::"All other NBA coaches have been living under rocks. Who plays their 2nd best player now-a-days?"  Scott Skiles
