jaer04::ok the cavs do suck but they will get better
Swade_ND_Shade::Only if they draft Brittany Griener
TheAvenger007::If Nets finish 4th.. they would be a 5th seed correct? Which means they would face miami in the playoffs if they advance. Sucks to be them.
Boyanime::Yup, You're correct Nets would face the Heat in 2nd round
glenn30126::I believe they are tanking the season...do you think Dan Gilbert and Scott are on the same page but just can't tell the fans.  They certainly are loosing on purpose.  Put Noel in the middle and sign Josh Smith and this team would be formidable.
BenWilhoit::No they aren't
ThomsonAndThomson::LOL sign Josh Smith? Why? Has been diagnosed with mental retardation to consider coming to Cleveland and play for the Quicken loans moron?
Ontario925::If only the Nets could play as good against Western Conference teams as they have with Eastern Conference teams this season they would be running up top with the Heat and Knicks right now.
scottsvb1::Scott on his Job status: "Whatever happens, happens"  If Scott don't care if he losses his job or not...then why do the Cavs keep him. If I didn't care if I lost my job or not.. I'm sure my bosses would ask me to quit or fire me.  If you show you don't care about your job status, the people below you will not care also.  Scott needs to go unless the Cavs managment don't care also or are telling him to lose for their better draft pick. They get paid millions of $$$$ to go out there and perform at 100% of their ability.
jaer04::Nobody gives a F about U
YenxRenx::Nobody cares about Cleveland; that''s why they are terrible! Kyrie Irving's "feed me" game is a joke. if Kyrie hadn't flunked out of college he could have learned what "team play" is.  Did you all like how i correctly predicted the outcome of this game? I've said all along that the Cavs are a sub-.300 team! i just love being right all the time!
stellablue2131::ugly
IversonDaGreatest3::Reggie Evans is a beast on the boards,reminds me of D.Rodman...
Booty. Loaf::draft cannot come fast enough. atleast our tribe is 2-0
YogaBeer::Tanking is one thing.     But this game sealed Byron Scott's future.    And the crystal ball says he'll be in LA by July.
HEREWEGOIRISHHEREWEGO::Marshon!!!!
12.21.12::Brooks has potential
atom_UP::Why is ESPN advertising Heat vs. Bobcats on Friday? LMAO
dmdpro::because its on espn duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuurrrrrrrr
Boyanime::Lol
zachzach1010::It appears that the Cavs season ended 2 weeks ago in the 3rd. quarter of the Heat game. This team has done nothing since then.
BookValue::Can we just go ahead and move the cavs out of Cleveland now?  Can we move the Browns and the Indians too while we're at it???
Ontario925::The Indians will do OK this year but the Cavaliers will take quite a while. I think the Indians and Browns will make it back into the Postseason sooner than the Cavaliers.
YenxRenx::It is doubtful that any other city would want a bunch of losers like the Cavs, Browns and Indians... a loser city, like Cleveland, deserves to have loser teams for their loser fans.
YogaBeer::Can we just put your photo on a milk carton now and get it over with?
knicks_11::90 pts, 5assists, 7rebs in 2 nights  on just 12 FTs
YogaBeer::Must be a bad connection.    The Knicks thread is on the far side of the screen.
atom_UP::Lol, what are you doing here man?
Ardijan4385::this game is proof that we need to include Marshon Brooks in our long term future and look for ways to get rid of Joe Johnson. Commentators are always raving about his offensive prowess and Nets fans all know how underplayed he is. I don't think this game will influence PJ's opinion at all.
russianshoulders::marshon can't play defense for crap and he doesn't know what to do on offense half the time... he needs to learn to play within a system before he can start.
atom_UP::How man game winners has JJ hit this season? Now, how many game winners has Marshon Brooks hit this season?  And who will most likely draw double teams to open up scoring opportunities for his teammates?....I think JJs value will be more apparent in the playoffs, if he's 100% healthy.
Ardijan4385::unfortunately
thekinghenrik30::"In 36 years for this franchise, this is the most road wins we've ever had...that's a significant achievement." - PJ on tonight's win  LOL
djny2k12::Aww....is that the best you can do....personal attacks?   Too bad you can't have a meaningful intelligent basketball conversation....oh wait you're a Knick fan! My apologies for expecting better out of a Knick fan...
thekinghenrik30::nets = 0
djny2k12::Nets weren't even in the NBA when Knicks won a championship....they have 2 ABA championships. Some might argue ABA had just as good of a league as the NBA.
thekinghenrik30::nets = 0 championships  thats all i gotta say LOL
djny2k12::I get excited about regular season wins because I haven't experienced what a playoff series win feels like in a very long time  - Knicks fan
thekinghenrik30::i like my own comments and get trolled at the same time   - djny2k12
djny2k12::New Orleans Hornets have more playoff wins than the New York Knicks in the last 10 years  LOL
Bob-Swagg Smith.::#10inarowloser
Bob-Swagg Smith.::Duke would beat the Cavs.  Wouldn't even be close.  Duke vs. Nets is pretty debatable.
Premo S::Knicks 3rd place, Nets 4th place .. wow you are so far ahead .. dumb a s s
Premo S::got nothing better to do than Troll
YogaBeer::Trolling is trolling.    You need to google what a troll is.   If you want to diss another team, do it on your own thread.   Then it's not being  atroll.
Bob-Swagg Smith.::"Troll?"  Were ahead of you in the standings.  I have a right!  you guys suck.
Bob-Swagg Smith.::Knicks are like 6 games ahead of you.  You aint catching us.  Were just betta.
spcoon::now that the knicks play real comp and the nets get the softies at home to end the year, let's see how close the standings are in two weeks...
Premo S::Bob slobs on dudes knobs ... f a g boy go back to Knicks page
djny2k12::Enjoy the Atlantic Division title....it might be the only title your team will win this season.
atom_UP::And what will your team get? It's sad cuz nets fans and Knicks fans could've been friends. What a waste...
Bob-Swagg Smith.::Enjoy nothing.
orange_63::sorry but the cavs should be booted from the NBA...............they stink that much
Bob-Swagg Smith.::And the Nets.
Minnysota Vikings::I've felt all year that MarShon Brooks was gonna be a star if given the minutes. Hopefully this game helps that happen.
Bob-Swagg Smith.::*Marshit Bricks.
ncjcrsu::lol "shoten"
Bob-Swagg Smith.::Melo has shoten like 80% the last 2 days.
Minnysota Vikings::He has a higher FG% than your precious Carmelo
ronayersw::The cavs are a sad looking team, all the trademarks of a bad team, don't play defense, don't play hard, can't make shots, poor passers, can't create offensive, no pride or fire.......reflect the personality of their head coach.....what personality????OIC!!! Dan Gilbert wake up your team is the joke of the NBA...could you beat Louisville????
YogaBeer::Glad you took time to notice.
Bob-Swagg Smith.::Knick fan here.  Get on our level.
Premo S::basically Nets are young team on the rise and Knicks are an old team on the decline .. they better win quick before the nursing home calls ! ! ! Got that Bob-F a g Smith
djny2k12::Neither are the Knicks....
Bob-Swagg Smith.::Were 3-1 against them.
djny2k12::Miami won 27 games in a row....no one in the east is beating the Heat come playoff time. The only way I see Heat losing is if either Wade, Bosh or James gets injured.
Bob-Swagg Smith.::You arent Miami.
djny2k12::Nets have had 43 playoff wins compared to Knicks 1 playoff win in the last 10 years...you really meant Knicks need to get on Nets level. This includes Nets being irrelevant since 2006....Nets put together a nice team this year moving to Brooklyn and can very well be the one of the top 4 teams in the east.
thekinghenrik30::knicks = 2 nba championships nets = 0
djny2k12::Let's see....  Nets last ABA championship: 1976 Knicks last NBA championship: 1970  Nets weren't even in the NBA when Knicks won a championship...that's how long it's been for the Knicks!
thekinghenrik30::i wouldnt be talking about playoff wins when the nets never won a championship
Bob-Swagg Smith.::Love how you talk about the past.  We won 10 in a row.  Are we ever gonna lose?
ctowngambler78::Thank god there's only 8 more games left! I hope The CAVS get Otto Porter or Nerlens Noel in this Draft.....
djny2k12::Nets have scored 100 pts. or better on this road trip in each of their 5 wins.....maybe G. Wallace needs to sit and come off the bench. Team is a lot better when they are playing 4 vs. 5 on offense rather than 3 vs. 5 on offense with Reggie and G. Wallace.
thekola::I agree. JJ is big enough to play the 3 if Brooks can be more consistent
iNeeroX::great win 5-3 on the road not bad but could have done better. but why won't the knicks lose
thekola::doesn't matter. division is gone. nets need to just focus on getting ready for the playoffs and holding on to the four seed.
thekola::it's all good. winning the division isn't all it's cracked up to be. Knicks are gonna go into the playoffs banged up because they are old. the division won't save them from that.
iNeeroX::uggh... i know but i wanted us to get the division but making the playoffs is a nice accomplishment
Boyanime::They will this Sunday to Durant and Westbrook
BKNets123456::Good win
thebighallbowski2369::Winning road record for BKN!
miles248310::how does gee play more than irving fire scott asap
159Yanks::Our reward after finishing this road trip. Playing the Bulls next
159Yanks::Nets win. 5-3 on this road trip. Good road trip .
Melo2013MVP::whats a nets fan?
iNeeroX::a fan of the team that tied the series with the knicks after not being relevant over the past years
djny2k12::What team has only 1 playoff win in the last 10 years?  - Knicks
valpodarko::how the hell is chris quinn still in the league?!?
miles248310::coach scott is doing an awful job managing irving.. why won't he let kyrie play more when the two other scorers are not there someone needs to fire him his time is done in cleavland
miles248310::its annoying he is holding irving back and has awful line ups ... ur down yet u won't bring irving in all quarter let him play .. he is 21 and ur not going to the playoffs resting him for what
CamNewtonRising::Deron Williams killing Kyrie tonight
Boyanime::Awwwww Cavs Fans are leaving early
valpodarko::nets fans.....who would you rather play in the 1st round!  Bulls or Hawks??
valpodarko::agree completely
iNeeroX::hawks
Boyanime::Yes Nice Block indeed
BKNets123456::Good
Boyanime::3 Minutes last GAME OVER
Boyanime::MarShon The Playmaker BEAST
Boyanime::MarShon BEAST
Boyanime::MarShon Putting up Lebron- like numbers
Boyanime::Great BLOCK By HUMP
BABY IGGY..ROSE LIT TEAMS UP LIKE FELTON AT A FAMILY REUNION::Kyrie is shooting 5-16, doing his best Kobe impression
iNeeroX::16 shots isn't even that much
BABY IGGY..ROSE LIT TEAMS UP LIKE FELTON AT A FAMILY REUNION::Kobe shoots like that in one quarter
iNeeroX::too many turnovers
oldcoach1961::About time Jones plays in place of walton
Porkchop8920::KJ grew up 10 minutes from where I live
Boyanime::So sad Luke Walton could never fill his fathers shoes
24Franky1::walton is $@%!
Boyanime::Luke Walton is the most disappointing son in the NBA
oldcoach1961::Walton is a joke!
