Supa T::The bev experiment should be over. the Harden hold the ball needs to be over. He should play off the ball. He can not take iso ball as the last shot of the game or in crunch time. He can take the last shot just as another option so teams can't load up on one player knowing what is coming. This is professional basketball and there is not much separation in talent across the board as one might think or as people want you to think.
wingzrule::Dwight Howard has no business being on the court in the last 4 minutes of any game that isn't a blow out. Mega millionaire choke artist.
Xander::Lol at all those Warrior fans who said you can't win when the other team shoots 50 free throws.
JUNKUZE::Get george karl while he`s still available. He can manage these talented players. Mc Hale doesn`t know how to coach. Playing parsons, casspi & garcia at the same time when they are the same type of players. They are shooters who can`t rebound & defend. Smith earned the PF position last year as well as D Mo but they are benched over casspi & garcia who where just scrub players of cavs & kings.
RipeMango::Bev is @ the point.  Rockets down by 20 in a flash.   Opposing PG's last 2 games have been blowing past Bev like Swiss cheese, not a peep from the same media & the haters that have been criticizing Lin's every single move with their anal retentive biases.   Every steal and every block Bev makes is golden D while nothing Lin ever does is appreciated, even when he scores the 2nd most points, taking fewer shots and logging fewer minutes.  Even when Lin has been averaging higher blocks/steals.  Even when Lin shuts down some of the top PGs he's put up against - Calderon, Lilliard and Nash.. (Nobody can stop CP3, not even BevX10).       Bev makes 1 shot in 10 tries, none of the "Bench Lin" haters are anywhere to be found. Yet Bev is given all the benefits of doubt because he just got off from a "1 week" injury. YET when Lin returned from a REAL injury last season, an injury that actually required surgery and months of rehab, he was NEVER given a chance to succeed, getting benched at every simple mistake, even though his stats was still within range of many good point guards; it was certainly better than this krap Bev is putting up now.  And compared to many PG's coming back from serious injury, he did great under the circumstances - just look at DRose abysmal shooting for example so far.  And he's got a full year to recover and his coach never put a shackle on him like Mchale has:  TDouglas last season and now Bev to try to deflate the budding player's confidence as much as possible.  Most starting PG is given this respect.      McHail just want Lin to fail so he can say "I told you so, I knew he was no good"  And to cover up the fact he isn't that good of a coach to begin with.    We lost to a Lakers team without Kobe.  The same Lakers team Lin had beaten while leading in NYK and also last season without Bev.  Nobody ever wants to admit that Lin is starting PG material and Bev belongs in the Euro-league with his stats last season and his performance this season proves it even more.    Please just trade Lin Mchale.  That way, you can prove to the world that you are right with your assessment of Lin ----  but more likely, you would be fighting for 9th seed just like all your previous teams you've coached before Harden/Lin landed in your lap.
Victor Wong::Beverly started the game Rockets allowed 2 less points but score 7 less points today and ended up lost by 1 points to the Lakers.
Cyril::McHale is not going to the bench enough, especially when players are playing poorly.  Casspi, Beverley, and Garcia were all useless tonight, but Brooks, Brewer, Motiejunas, and Smith didn't even take off their warm-ups.   Smith would have been a better option than Casspi at power forward based on the matchups.  He had 12 points and 7 rebounds in 11 minutes against the Clippers the other night, and could have played a little better than Casspi against guys like Gasol, Kaman, and Hill.    Brooks should have played point over Beverley to take advantage of the bad defense of the Lakers' point guards. At the very least he could have scored a few points.  And Brewer is an elite perimeter defender who could have shut down a few of the Lakers' three-point attempts on the wing.  Considering how poorly Beverley was shooting, it would have made more sense to play Brewer at shooting guard or even small forward instead of that small ball rotation he had going with Beverley at the 2 and Harden at the 3.    All in all, there is no reason only 8 players should have played in this game when four of them were liabilities tonight.
Rick::Lets see some more of those "start Bev over Lin" articles that Houston keeps pushing down our throats. But at the end of the day, we all know what Houston fans love to do best ......BLAME JEREMY!!! No matter who is at fault, BLAME JEREMY. That is all that Clutch fans and Houston fans are good for. Seriously, how anyone can watch these opening season games and not see the total lack of respect for Lin is crazy, by the majority of this team. Harden will pass an open Lin and pad his own stats time after time. Yea you get 30+ points, but when you take over 20 shots a game you better be getting 30+ points AT THE LEAST!!!! Lin is a TEAM PLAYER, and unfortunately Houston fans are crabs in a bucket waiting to BLAME JEREMY for anything and everything. I lost count how many games last season we sat through Douglas playing and Lin on the bench and when they lost, they BLAMED JEREMY, GET THE F OUTTA HERE. You blame a guy who wasn't even on the F'N court??? Now its a new season and we have Houston pumping out the press to feed everyone about how great Bev is and tonight he got exposed. But watch the post game comments from the team and see if Jeremy gets any credit for his great D and great Offense tonight, or if it'll be the same BLAME JEREMY remarks that Houston is known for.  You all wanted Bev sooooooo bad, you got him now Houston "faithfull". Just don't BLAME JEREMY when your 3 "superstars", Howard/Harden/Bev and running crazy with BRICKSANITY!!!
John::The calls Harden gets reminds me of "Wade Rules" ca. 2008. I wish the NBA would change whatever the rules are to end what should be non-calls while rewarding players to drive out of control with the primary goal of drawing a foul instead of making a field goal. It does not lend itself to good basketball.
GoodLuck::Fire McHale!! Bring in a REAL coach and go from there.  Rockets management, are you listening?
