3ptsallday33::b
12 Percy Starvin 12::He had a whole extra month while rehabbing his broken hand to get into shape.  That article was full of excuses.  Melo, Lebron, Durant, Kobe, CP3, AK47, and many others are doing just fine after playing in the Olympics.  The players that Love is compared to in that article are not max contract superstars that lead their teams to a championship. In fact, a couple  of them (Westbrook and D-Will) are getting the same criticism Love is getting, poor team players.   If you ask me trading him for MKG and Ben Gordon would help the Wolves considerably. However the Bobcats would never do that.  Interesting how a young, struggling team wouldn't trade a young SF and an old SG for the "best PF in the world".
Vikadontis Rex::First off where did you read that the Bobcats wouldnt do that trade if offered? Secondly why would they give up on the 19 year old #2 pick so quickly, especially when the team is clearly years away from being a contender? Yeah brilliant move by the Bobcats: trade a 19 year old potential all star for a guy with 1 year left on his contract that will require a max offer...
12 Percy Starvin 12::I can see that you guys are just going to sit here and make excuses the whole time, but I have to go to work so I guess we will see over the next 3 weeks just how important Love is to this team.
ImAWitness06::On ESPN he is a PF and plays PF, as Mullens plays C.  He is 6'8" he doesn't play center.  If Bobcats traded for him, he would be gone in a year and that would one of the dumbest NBA trades in a long long time. I guess the Bobcats are glad they don't have you as owner. D-Will is inconsistent as best.
12 Percy Starvin 12::I'll take a cheaper D-Will and Dante over love. They bring more to the table.
Vikadontis Rex::The Bobcats have MKG on a 5 year contract at $4.5 mil this year with 2 of the years team options and the 5th year restricted FA. Kevin Love has a player option contract after next year and is making $13 mil. Like Witness and I both said, even with Love their team would not be a contender so why trade for him, it is a temporary fill and he will leave after 2 years. Same reason the Wolves shouldnt trade for Gasol.  Nobody is arguing that Love is anything like Durant or Lebron, because nobody else in the league is like them. Every other team needs role players to help out. Every other good team has players who step up.  Clippers: Paul, Crawford, Griffin, Jordan Knicks: Anthony, Chandler, JR Smith Spurs: Duncan, Ginobli, Parker  People compare Love to Zach Randolph. The Grizzlies are very good because they also have Marc Gasol and Rudy Gay to help him.  Last year Love had Beasley, Ellington, and Wes Johnson as his other role players to support him with rookie Rubio and Pek starting to become a true center. That is crap without Rubio.
12 Percy Starvin 12::Look at his profile in NBA.com and he is listed as a center.  Suck it nerd.  Just admit that you wouldn't take Love over MKG.
ImAWitness06::He's a PF, not a center. Your whole argument just went down the drain.
12 Percy Starvin 12::Well he can play center because he has before.
ImAWitness06::No he plays PF, Mullens is their center
12 Percy Starvin 12::Bismack plays center.
ImAWitness06::Ya. Lets just trade away our #2 pick when we are a few years from winning for a guy who won't sign with us and stunt the growth of PF we drafted 7th 2 years ago. That is a great plan.
12 Percy Starvin 12::Exactly my point.  If a potential all star is too much to give up for the 24 year old "best PF in the world", then maybe he isn't really the best PF in the world.   Also Love has 3 years left on his deal.
ImAWitness06::They also have Bismark who they drafted 7th a couple years and is only 20
Vikadontis Rex::A point that the commentators brought up multiple times last night that was so evident is just how much better Rubio makes his teammates. Derrick Williams confidence seems so much higher with Rubio on the court. I know we keep trying to get Williams to drive to the basket, but whether it's his strength or just lack of experience, he is not able to finish after drawing contact. What he is great at though is hitting open shots off of passes from Rubio. I am really excited to see what he can do this next month while Love is on the bench. Rubio coming back to full playing time will help this team make major strides. They look so much different when he plays too. Typically the offense was either Ridnour running down the court and passing as he crosses the half line, then a stagnant offense, or Barea dribbling the ball for 15 seconds then jacking a 3 off a screen or driving the lane for a layup. No ball movement. Rubio offers the exact opposite of that, which in turn creates a stronger team.
Herbin Guerilla::Excellent point on Derrick Williams
Dsk954::rubio with a game-high +10!
MinniWolves90::It's amazing how a guy that didn't attempt a FG can have such a huge impact on the game.
MinniWolves90::Rubio is playing tonight, right?
Vikadontis Rex::Yes, his first back to back of the season
Vikadontis Rex::12 Percy Starvin 12: "Trade this fool for a real superstar". Like who? Which type of superstar could we trade for that would make our team that much better and would stick around in Minnesota? We cant just go out and trade for Durant, it doesnt quite work like that.  "I bet you Lebron with two broken hands would still make the Heat a better team because that thing called defense is pretty damn important." Comparting Lebron or Durant to anyone else is absurd. Yes Lebron would do that because he is a different type level of all-star. He is a once in a lifetime type of player.  The Wolves were 21-20 last year before Rubios injury with the likes of Beasley, Wes Johnson, Darko, Tolliver, Anthony Randolph, Ellington, etc. Now we've added AK, Shved, Stiemsma, (Roy*, Budinger*), and Derrick Williams has gotten a year older, and we are 1 game above .500 again. This shows the team is capable of winning, since they have been doing it without Rubio and Love at 100%. Last year Love was an obvious all-star, nobody questioned that. This year he has been plagued with injuries to his shooting hand which have resulted in poor performances so far. Combine that with his comments (that personally I dont think were that out of line), and everyone is demanding he be traded. Are you nuts? He is our best player and is a top tier player. Trading him would solve nothing.  Finally. I suggest you read this article on Love and his struggles this year: http://www.awolfamongwolves.com/2013/01/ruminations-about-last-nights-frustrations/#more-1498
justin281429::mchale loves love though, that was his guy which is why we moved jefferson so quickly after we got him
Casey_Goose::The only reason that Kevin is getting this hatred now is b/c he bashed the front office and had this drama queen attitude, other then that everyone would be right behind him
Vikadontis Rex::Harden has had an amazing year and the Rockets have two young PFs in Morris and Patterson. There is no reason they would do that trade.
Dsk954::it's the drama queen "I dont care what you think, im going to say what I want to say" attitude which has really changed my perception of K Love.  Yes, he is one of the most unique big men in the league and I love his game/work ethic.  But with his attitude (and the fact that the wolves seem to do better whenever he steps off the court) I'll suggest the following trade:  Harden for Love?
Tamatoa0963::And that's a good reason. It is dangerous to do that in public. I don't know if and/or how it affected the team but it's risky.
Tamatoa0963::I read people suggested to trade for Gasol or Nowitzki. The only benefit I see is that they are better at creating their own shot in crunchtime. But that's about it.
Vikadontis Rex::Short term solution. Gasol does not make the Wolves a championship contender, so why make that move?
ImAWitness06::A-freaking-men
MinniWolves90::Well put Rex, I'm behind Love 100%. Just wish his health could get to 100%. Actually, I would probably not watch the Wolves for a little while if Kahn traded Love, Pek, or DWill. lol
ImAWitness06::Yep. LeBron is 1 and curry is 1a for me so you know how much I was hurting.
Vikadontis Rex::Can you imagine where the Wolves would be if we had Curry right now too? Jesus this team would be amazing.  Rubio/Barea/Ridnour Curry/Shved/Roy AK/D Will Love/Dante Pek/Stiemsma
ImAWitness06::I took almost a year break after they drafted Flynn over my boy Curry.
Rdy0Rn0t::hellooo
Rdy0Rn0t::n.n.
MinniWolves90::Go Wolves! Great game last night. That was TEAM basketball. 29 assists on 40 field goals. That's what I like to see! We need to get some momentum and go on a winning streak. But OKC is going to be tough.
MinniWolves90::oh yeah, and Dante Cunningham is THE MAN!!! He proved why he is in there at the end of games.
MinniWolves90::I can agree with that. Yeah, it p*sses me off when Love doesn't get back on defense because he's complaining to the refs, but I wouldn't trade him for the world.  And I felt so good for AT when he got that ovation. He damn sure earned it, and I'm glad Target Center took notice of that.
Vikadontis Rex::Yeah they said that when he subbed in and received a partial ovation. Just a great example of a pure hustle player. Love could learn a thing or two from him...
MinniWolves90::Me too man, I loved AT. He was such a team guy, and a good guy off the court.
Vikadontis Rex::It's amazing how many ways Dante has helped the team this year. He has been a much better version of AT (who I was cheering for last night)
ImAWitness06::Questioning management is his way of saying I want a contending team and I am not satisfied with mediocrity and its not like management has built a championship team either.
Terrmac2657::Man12 Percy you really gotta pay closer attention to the game. And also why your at it watch some other games and learn alittle better just how the game is really played. What Love has done to improve his game both shooting wise and also his defense has gotten considerably better, and Adleman has said that himself. If you think for a second this team is better without Love than they are with him than you my friend know little about the game. Nothing more needs to be said. What he did to K Faried the other night shutting down a very hot player completely is a good example and that wasnt even close and Love also had like 12-14 points and 17 reboinds in like 20minutes before leaving once again after breaking his hand. And if youve ever and I highly doubt it EVER tried to actually defend against a big guy inside ANY big guy you could understand just how tough that really is and that they all mostly take there time and do there complaining while running jogging back on defense. Watch some other games once in a while.
justin281429::Love was hardly an olympian, he barely ever got to play unless the game was out of reach.
Busta Kappa::False
12 Percy Starvin 12::So you have a team that is hovering at .500.  You then add the "best PF in the world" and the team is still at .500.  Where does he get the right to complain about mediocrity?
ImAWitness06::D-Will would never in his dreams do that
12 Percy Starvin 12::Sure.  And I can't wait for D-Will to go off for 40 against him.
ImAWitness06::Heat will take him and I can't wait until he gets healthy and lights it up
12 Percy Starvin 12::I don't give a $@%! if there are worse defenders than Love, they aren't on the Wolves.  Also, by you making excuses about his injury just goes to prove that, if he isn't scoring, he is worthless.  I bet you Lebron with two broken hands would still make the Heat a better team because that thing called defense is pretty damn important.  There is a reason the Bulls are still a legit team even without Rose, they play defense.  Also, I am not OK with .500 that is why I want the Wolves to trade Love instead of put their whole stock into him.  By making Love the cornerstone of the franchise, they are accepting mediocrity because that is all the dude is, mediocre.  Trade this fool for a real superstar.
Pusha Tonn::yes, and 5.1 shots per game from the 3 point line, with an injured hand. thats kobe's playing style, he's a ball stopper and we play better without him. secondly, I dont care if he's an olympian...Shved and AK are olympians too, and Rubio, what that has to do with this? and Love was an olympian becase he played GREAT last year, right now he sucks
ImAWitness06::KLove is an all-star and will be a perennial all-star and Olympian and he is shooting about 16 shots a game this year. There are worse defenders than Love
Pusha Tonn::sadly, I have to agree with percy. K-Love is not an-allstar and he's not the best PF in the league. Basketball is not all about offense, and Kevin Love plays absolutely no defense. And yes, he's been hurt but, why you keep shooting 20 shots per game if you know you're hurt? that's selfish basketball and I dont want that, that can only hurt the team not make it better
ImAWitness06::He has been hurt all year. Of course hes not going to perform great, when he has a fratured shooting hand. If you think being .500 is good than sure you don't need love. He could be worse, he could be Harvin.
12 Percy Starvin 12::Without Love they are 7-6.  With Love they are 9-9.  Explain why your golden boy makes them even more average.
ImAWitness06::You are just angry because he said the management hasn't created a winner yet and I can some what agree. They have not proven they can. There is more than just individual defense as team defense is more important. He can't hear you with his gold medal
12 Percy Starvin 12::You will never see me complain about his offense when he is healthy.  However there is a whole other half of basketball that he decided not to play, or maybe he is just incapable.  The setting record thing is bogus, that team was trash, if he had actually played defense he wouldn't have gotten all those rebounds.  Also this team wasn't losing by last second shots when he came back, they were getting blown out by 10+ points.  If you think this guy is a legitimate "superstar", then you have extremely low standards.
ImAWitness06::He's been hurt all year. Wow. He hasn't been healthy. He came back way too soon. If you think he is a mediocre player than you are sadly mistaken. He has the right from being an Olympian, all-star and from setting nba records.
Tamatoa0963::Weakness of Wolves was exposed again in this game. They just don't have a closer. And Kevin Love isn't the answer either. I was so hoping that Brandon Roy would be fit. I'd only play him in the last quarter like in Baseball.
Casey_Goose::while blowing multiple large leads at the same time
Vikadontis Rex::Clutch is a different type of attribute. Something I will agree the Wolves dont  have. Love has done it sometimes, but it would be great to have that cutthroat type of player. We dont really have that type of player who carries the swagger, which can be good and bad.
Tamatoa0963::But still, neither Love nor Budinger have consistently performed in crunch time. Only Roy but he is doubtful to return.
Vikadontis Rex::Without their best player and 2 of their major off season acquisitions on the IR.
Blake52908::They won didn't they?
choppinitupinAZ::Following a bet system called Sportsbettingstar. Iv'e made around $3000 each month so far I've used this system. You can find the system on the 1st page of google by searching for sports betting systems. If you bet at all on sports you gotta see this system.
kwheels22::I'm a big wolves fan but with how we keep going back to .500 , i almost feel like this Win makes it increasingly more likely OKC beats us tomorrow... haha darn
kwheels22::solid win against a team with a respectable record.  I would consider this a game we gotta win anyways but it still means a little more when they've had success.  Pekovic, AK47, Rubio and Shved have proven they have the ability to make this a contending team.  When Love gets back to his form and with Williams stepping up and Budingers return closer than ever.. this team could be scary good .
sfy2004::exactly right. when healthy this team should be a team to watch. AK,Pek and Shved are playing better than most people thought they would and give them some scary depth.
Baby J.Cole::<i>gayyyyy<i></i></i>
Hondo Kid::Quick to judge.  Quick to anger. Ignorance and prejudice.  And fear.  Walk hand in hand.
JOlsonoski33::coming from a die hard wolves fan, all you people who say we need to trade k love...smh youre delusional.  He wasnt healthy and playing with that kind of injury on your shooting hand is not easy.  In the long run we need love if we ever wanna push to be successful in the playoffs and to keep rubio around.  Why would ricky wanna stay if we get rid of our other franchise player because he played bad while being injured?  If we trade love rubio will follow him out the door I guarentee you all that.
12 Percy Starvin 12::Prove that Rubio leaves without Love.  At least us Love haters use objective reasoning as to why we don't support him.  All you can do is theorize that Rubio will leave if Love isn't here.  So all you are saying is that the Wolves have to take the good with the bad, in essence forcing us to support Love.  Judging by the game last night, Rubio was just fine playing without Love.
eototalt::Don't bother. They won't listen. lol
ImAWitness06::I remember when ppl were all on Loves nuts, now he gets hurt and he's a fraud. Smh
BillBucknersGhost::Wellllllll .... I'm not a love-hater (or a hate lover) but the fact is that when a star player publicly questions whether the team has any plan, that usually translates to "I'm gonna bolt first chance."  That leaves the fans who are paying good cash to pay his salary feeling kind of conflicted.  That's just the way the world works.
DakWolves1::no I remember being a huge fan then he took a dump on us and the fan base and then stunk it up afterwards
Will Conroy.::False info again. He took one on management but said he loved the coach, team, and fans.
ImAWitness06::They need more Pek jerseys
justin281429::already got mine
Im at work::Wolves are too white
Jumeax::Thats not true,  under the CBA, you only need at least one token black guy in your starting five ( Dante Cunningham) and at least one token black guy off the bench (Derrick Williams)  There is no explicit requirement under the CBA to have a toke white guy, But the basketball gods look favrouably o it The Celtics Rapid decline in 2011 was the punchisment for getting rid of  one of aht all time great toekn white guys... the  GREAT Scalabrine!
ThatDude1081::Jeff Teague really sucks
choppinitupinAZ::Rubio was tight tonight!
choppinitupinAZ::Been using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar the past few months. Im making between 2-3K a month each month using this systems picks. You can find this system on the 1st page of google by searching for sports betting systems. I've bet on sports for years and this is one of the better systems I ve seen.
Will Conroy.::Honestly if you don't like Love, I don't know why you have to whine about it every 5 seconds. How bout congratulating the players that played well tonight instead?
Hondo Kid::Good point.  Unfortunately the trolls who have nothing positive to say do it from multiple accounts cause they are ignorant.
bhans0184::I already did... but I said the game he was too "sick" to play in that I would bash him after every game we win without em
Will Conroy.::Ok well I am glad you have peace of mind then.
bhans0184::All of you K Love lovers are just delusional.... he put up big numbers on terrible teams!! WOW!!!! Look at him now that we had a good team that can win without em... Excuse after Excuse after Excuse!!! He isn't a winner and never will be... he kinda reminds me of Dwight... he finally has a good team with a supporting cast and choose to bash the owner and GM in the beginning of the season when he just came back, and you want this guy on your team!?! Better become a fan of wherever he gets traded cuz he isn't going to be on my Twolves much longer!
Dinameetay69::He scored 20+ against OKC at the Target Center. Is that a bad team?
bhans0184::Can you read? I didn't say he put them up against bad teams... I said he put them up ON bad teams!
Will Conroy.::Well he was putting up big number when we were still 21-20 and he had the Epic Game Winner over the Clippers
eototalt::bhans0184 - 21-20 is a lot different then 21-10... and we "had" the 8 seed, just keep proving my point... he isn't a winner!  Do you understand what a typo is?
Will Conroy.::bhans0184 - 21-20 is a lot different then 21-10... and we "had" the 8 seed, just keep proving my point... he isn't a winner!  Well technically that is a winning record haha
bhans0184::21-20 is a lot different then 21-10... and we "had" the 8 seed, just keep proving my point... he isn't a winner!
Will Conroy.::I changed it it was 21-20 and we had the 8 seed 2/3 into the season.
bhans0184::Oh wow... one shot in one game!! and when the hell were we 21-10?
Dinameetay69::Sorry I have been gone all night. Let me explain. a) The wolves always seem to win when I am not on here. It's sad, I feel like I'm a human bad luck charm b) Getting drunk to the happiness of the Wild coming back. Go Granlund!!
Tyler BarnesMNSports.::Nice win Wolves, let's get back it tomorrow and beat OKC!!!
Dinameetay69::wait we face OKC tomorrow?!?!? Ugh, this could get ugly. Hope Barea still has his shooting from the last meeting
lgsmash2k8::I dont understand how yall can hate on Love so much. The Dude broke his shooting hand and came back wayyyy to quick. Obviously thats why his shooting was so $@%!$@ this season. Now he rebroke it last week obviously it wasnt 100%
justin281429::they actually said too that he sprained his third metacarpal, which is not you thumb.
Dinameetay69::At least he came back to sit on the bench and support the team! Oh, and you hate him. I like the guy and always will. We live in the USA, it's called free speech. Don't like it, then don't talk
bhans0184::We hate him... because he is pathetic and a cry baby when the little ball hog doesn't get to take 35 shots a night... and then he realizes that we are just as good without him so he get "sick" and "hurts his finger" do you not watch the games... when he got scratched on the hand against denver and was initially reported that he only hurt his thumb... but now somehow refractured his hand?!
Will Conroy.::bhans0184 - NO! I was watching the game... he got the ball knocked out of his hand... and went back to the locker room... Marney Gellnar reported when he came back to the bench that he had sprained his thumb! not refractured his hand!  Ok so proof that his hand is beyond F'ed. Broken twice and sprained thumb, no wonder he is shooting like shittt
bhans0184::NO! I was watching the game... he got the ball knocked out of his hand... and went back to the locker room... Marney Gellnar reported when he came back to the bench that he had sprained his thumb! not refractured his hand!
Will Conroy.::hurts his finger, or breaks his hand........
Dinameetay69::I'm a wolves fan, and I love Kevin Love. All his emotions are probably what most of the fanbase has felt since KG left. Where was this team going? And yes, he came back way too early. Hopefully he comes back fully healed and ready to go
Will Conroy.::People in this town are reactionists.
bhans0184::BREAKING NEWS!!! The Wolves trade K Love the crybaby $@%!$ to the Wizards for a box of doughnuts!
ukerday00::good one...
bhans0184::Its called a joke! But sorry everyone this man has been alive since 1776 and is god and knows everything!!!
American Man 1776::my point about some of these "fans" and their "logic" concerning Minnesota basketball.
Destruct0id::This is just more proof that even the trash of the western conference can take out the best of the eastern conference.
bhans0184::except we aren't trash now that the cry baby is hurt again we will be on the rise...
bhans0184::K Love is a cry baby $@%!$ and we are just as good if not better without em! and to you AMERICAN MAN 1776, He put up good numbers on @%!$@% teams.... anyone can do that... he isn't a winner and never will be with his poor attitude and obsession with wanting to be a SG!
bhans0184::well lets see Dwight also did it on the $@%! magic... look at him now on the Lakers... no numbers... and he cant do it all cuz he isn't a winner...
American Man 1776::You make my point. Another one of these idiot fans. When is the last time anyone put up those numbers? Of course, you want wins but he cannot do it all. He will get out sooner than later and you can sit on your thumb and watch hightlights of him on youtube.
bhans0184::and careful who you call an idiot... I know alot more about sports then you do most likely... and guess what I can like my own comments too!
American Man 1776::Some of these Minnesota fans are a joke (not everyone). Throwing Kevin Love under the bus is a prime example. The dude fractures his SHOOTING hand and he struggles to put up numbers nobody has seen since the merger. Now, everyone wants to trade him. You all don't deserve a player like Love. Hopefully, he does get out and you all can rot in the cellar like you are used to.   "He cannot make a shot."  "He doesn't play defense." "He is fragile."  Kevin Love, get out of that horrid place while you can.
ukerday00::klove is a crybaby is what he is, he needs to wake up and see how good this team really is and realize he has nothing to whine about
bhans0184::^^^ way to copy what I say
MNsportsfan77::Well that's what he gets for trashing the team while at the same time showing little to no effort on the court.
jbWhatever88::You're right.  But he's not gonna leave town because a bunch of pre-pubecent rubes on a chat board whine about him.
YogaBeer::Maybe Love and Rubio aren't that good after all.    Either that or simply don't make for good chemistry on this team.   Now that those are either out or not getting many minutes, they actually look pretty good.
jmndodge2::It's not a lack of chemistry between Love/Rubio, but rather that Love has not had his shooting touch.  Even tip-ins are done with the finger tips - while he was waiting for enough healing to play through the pain,  he lost the conditioning necessary for 35 + minutes of high level competition.  Still his numbers are good enough to play starter minutes - and his rebounding remained at a high level.   The flip side of this is that Derrick Williams will finally get out of the dog-house,  because Ricky/Derrick have a special chemistry which makes magic for both of them.  Jim Peterson also commented on AK's seeming to defer to Love when he is in the game,  but takes more leadership when he isn't available.  An All-star who recognizes Love's position on this team,  and plays with ego.  What a wonderful find - When rumor's of Shved made the rounds, and I watched the video's AK was there and I though what if we could get him too.   Hang in there,  when healthy,  this team is good!
klocekak::Love is only a box score star. He cant lead a team, last year we lost so many games with him. When Rubio is starting we should be alot better.
YogaBeer::But it just boggles the mind.    A year ago and we all thought K Love was the next best thing to sliced bread.    He might just be having a rough season do to some injuries and not fully recovering.   But wOw!    They look much better w/o him.
sfy2004::a year ago you did not have Shved and Kirilenko either. those two seem to be quite boost to this team. but just wait, eventually you WILL have Rubio and Love healthy and on court together, then and only then can you make a statement about whether or not they are good for the team.
YogaBeer::This Hawk team is NO push over either.   It's not like the T Wolves played a lottery team.   Having a rubio coming off the bench makes a team better for sure.
klocekak::Rubio was a HUGE part of why we won. I do think we should move Love for a good SG like wade or someone else.
klocekak::Love for Wade. Solves Heats Rebounding problems and it gives Twolves a 25+ points a night, a guy that gets to the rim and a finisher. A sports writer brought this up and honestly it would be Perfect for both teams.  It would also allow Wade to be "the guy" again and get back to 25-30 pts a game. Love would just have to do what he does best score/rebound with no pressure on leading his team sinc they got James.
Im Ignorant::a young monster of a rare consistent Big Man for a aging All star who can't shoot to save his life
klocekak::Have you seen love play? even when he does good hes horrible on D. Wade will be a top 5 player for another 5 years and can finish at the rim.
Cherne23::Agreed, but it would never happen
Rip City Forever::I'd take nic peker over love any day
B1ouin::It isn't Nic Peker... It's BIG PEKER
Will Conroy.::You need a life.
Vega_2012::Who would be a better fit for the Rockets, Kevin Love or Josh Smith???
klocekak::Rockets wont ever spend enough money to compete. The only reason they got harden was because he was really cheap at 5mil a year. Look for them to trade him when its time for a new contract or let go of other players.
Vega_2012::They have a ton of cap space and draft picks and some young talent
rleroy1967::Rockets are full they have no one to offer.
Vega_2012:::(
MNsportsfan77::Unless we're getting Harden you should forget about getting Love.
fastfalconvick7::Smh man idk what's gone wrong with this team. Hot streak to losing to a .500 team w/o Love, giving up 108. Something needs to change
klocekak::were better w/o love this yr. he takes to many shots and misses most of them and doesnt play D
Flying wolves::wow. a hawks fan-i didn't know does exist.
fastfalconvick7::Are you kidding me? Hawks fans support the team. Are you going to try to pull that card?
PhilMNAP.::Why have my fellow wolves fans betrayed Kevin Love? He's our best player when healthy.
hach0404::Do you not realize what an injury to your shooting hand is. Yeah, he made a dumb comment but that is no reason to rip the guy who is our best player who came back from an injury early to try and help the team win.
klocekak::did you not watch him play this yr?
PhilMNAP.::Kevin Love &gt; Nick Pekovic
jarrollin::you're kidding
Tyler BarnesMNSports.::he's an imposter. ignore him
732kenny::Bricky?
Flying wolves::ESPN analysts are a bunch of idiots. Leggler picked the Lakers to make the playoffsLOL. Also i don't see them even mentioning the wolves at all.
Flying wolves::they work 24/7 on big city bias teams. i don't think fans off those teams even like their team being talked about all day. when these idiots get on a topic like Tebow they seem to never be able to cover anything else.
jarrollin::espn still cant pronounce mbakwe
jarrollin::who cares
minncharger::still can't believe the lakers are the number 1 talked about team on espn
minncharger::couldn't agree with you more
Flying wolves::every time i turn on sportscenter, these idiots are talking about the Lakers scrubs, clippers,Heat, or knicks. for gods sake can these people talk about something else-they are on 24/7. i know they tend to bias towards bigger markets. buy i don't see how someone can talk about the same teams all day.
PhilMNAP.::Bucks &gt; T-Bag Wolves
minncharger::november 30th  wolves 95 bucks 85
headbutter15::mike you're a Wisconsin sports fan
732kenny::Kyrie=brittle=leaving in two years.     I always thought you loved the Wolves Phil?   Are you racist?
headbutter15::he is not phil
PhilMNAP.::I wouldn't describe myself as racist, but I do prefer one race.
Flying wolves::troll
minncharger::hahaha no.
Minnysota Vikings::16-15 is a better winning% than 17-16. Try again
PhilMNAP.::17-16 &gt; 16-15
1ooclickTx::whhhahaaaaaaa the wolves won???!!!
minny snowta::just got home from the game at target and it was great!  We led by 12-14 the whole game but as always, in wolves fashion, they made it interesting in the 4th.  Pek, AK, Schved, Williams and even Rubio looked great.  Good game Hawks and your fans.  GO WOLVES!!!
Tyler BarnesMNSports.::Minny Snowta, you are embarrassing yourself.
minny snowta::I beg to differ, no one cares what i say, i dont care about it and i dont care what you and a very small handful of doorknobs think.  i see you arguing all the time with people who might be trolling or just have a difference of opinion.  i am the latter.  added to the fact i don't camp on here like your little gaggle.  have a great night.
minny snowta::haha! good one there minnysota vikings, i actually have been a guidance counselor for 2 years so thanks mate.  those kids are soooo f'ed up.
minny snowta::oh, like that would stop you.  and i was actually on both boards being positive and congratulating the packers/fans.  you weren't on either, dont lie.  that is all goodbye.
minny snowta::i'm not getting into fights with mn fans, just phil, who is a total $@%!.  but if you had eyes, you would notice i started on the positive and someone came at me with negativity.  I won't back down, I'm not afraid of the same 3-4 guys trying to team up on me simply for disagreeing with them.  everyone on here is entitled to their opinion and say.  so you can just STOP!!
Tyler BarnesMNSports.::Lol. That's all I have to say
Minnysota Vikings::^ someone has spent some time in a counselor's office
Tyler BarnesMNSports.::Yep, and of course, we won and love wasn't playing
Tyler BarnesMNSports.::The night we played the blazers? That was the night of the Vikings vs Packers game. Thats why i wasn't on here.
minny snowta::i knew people would be talking about that.  we need love to go to the playoffs.  we barely won and i think in the first half the wolves didnt need love but down the stretch he is a vital part of our offense and he would have helped finish off the hawks.  and i know your opinion but you pretty much hid that night we lost to the blazers, so dont come out here crying about how we won only because love wasnt there and then say nil when we lost without klove.
Minnysota Vikings::You don't need to tell us what happened. We watched the game lol
Tyler BarnesMNSports.::Just stop minny snowta. Your always getting into fights with other minnesota fans.
minny snowta::you're right, i dont need to do shi.t, i did it cuz i wanted to, so take your negativity on facebook or something, see how he likes it.
Minnysota Vikings::Saw this comment on the Lakers board that made me LOL  "Lakers 2013-2014 starting lineup    Kobe-Favors-Gay-Love-Sessions"
Tyler BarnesMNSports.::LOLOLOL thats awesome
MNsportsfan77::They probably think we would trade Love for Blake too.
PhilMNAP.::Good thing my imposter left.
headbutter15::now u should leave
minny snowta::love that!
PhilMNAP::Whatever, see you later Tyler and any other MN fans on here.
minny snowta::kiss!
Tyler BarnesMNSports.::See ya Phil
LilDwayne21::To me this game could have gone any way. These are two very good basketball franchises. I don't think a lot of people realize that about these two teams in particular in the NBA.
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::yeah good game but won't get the recognition cause neither team is in LA nor Mia.
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::WTF I feel like troll dick eater gets more responses then I do asking serious questions .. No wonder people troll for the attention cause they get it .
Tyler BarnesMNSports.::Phil, just ignore that dude. He will go away
PhilMNAP::;)
PhilMNAP.::I can't ignore myself.
PhilMNAP.::I'm not trying to be funny, I'm the real Phil Davis. The other guy is an imposter. And I hate black people.
headbutter15::u r not funny mike LEAVE!!!!!!!!!!!
Tyler BarnesMNSports.::Your not funny, you realize that right?
