Ryanbceagles::Lets Knicks
Ryanbceagles::dggghn
msw734::Remember this...
chocolatethunder.::&lt;(m)&gt; $@%!
chocolatethunder.::$@%!
sugafreee86::the celtics are so yesterdays news
nba is the worst::Check this hilarious youtube of Pavlovic getting a T for getting elbowed by Melo (twice):    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDfEqUMGAGo&amp;feature=player_embedded
buller23::yah i saw it when it happened.  patheic
oreed-tittletown-boston::Rondo is the only nba player that has all the skills to avg a triple double.
53Kevin::so says you celtic fan.
alexhernandezh::The good thing about Rondo is he pretty much started off his career with a star-studded cast and it made him a better player. I have to admit though I was a huge Rondo hater due to the fact that with all that talent on the team he didn't have to do much to succeed, but he is now proving me wrong as the team gets older and he continues to shine.  He's definitely a great player.
brooklyn badass::sounds like a man crush on Rondo i guess he is dreamy.......... no one will avg a triple double again!!!!!!!........
Luclongley_MVP::Too bad Rondo wont score that many points for the next three games combined.  Rondo caught fire against a bad defense.
alexhernandezh::Give the dude some props.  With a team that is supposedly bad on defense, he scored that many points on a good defensive night for the Knicks.  Not a great defensive game but a good one indeed.    11 Blocks, 31 Rebounds, 9 Steals and forced 18 turnovers.  Bad defense cannot be used as an excuse here.  Rondo just did his thing!
Ryan69Johnson::Im a celtics fan but yeah Lebrons right up there
bigwillie317::THE BIG "O"?
Rondo_for_Life::LBJ?
oreed-tittletown-boston::Rondo NEEDS to do what he did last night he will never be in trade talks...amazing game..even with the lost im excite for this team..when paul &amp; Pietrus play
justinbrooks509::why not trade him for a couple of high end prospects and a good pick and actually rebuild the team? he is a fantastic player but not a centerpiece.
alexhernandezh::I don't think Rondo should ever be traded.  He is the youngest of the stars on the team and will be needed when the older stars retire.  They need to start thinking about surrounding him with a good supporting cast and prepare for the collapse of this team, which should be within the next three years.
Dexter1789::Finally the Celtics are not in any body's mouth for championship this year nor the Lakers.. yehaaa
Ryan69Johnson::Clippers fan^
Road dog Red::The Knicks FINALLY won a game vs. the Tics...WHOA
jjmcauliffe92::like your own comments much Willie Wonka??? and BALLS TOn is not even a diss...so why do you keep on typing it??? you are embarrassing yourself
bigwillie317::CAN YOU SAY...UNCLE TOM?
bigwillie317::LOOK AT THIS FLIPPIN LOSER!! GOT UR BALLSTON GEAR ON AND THEIR # 1, REALLY? LOSER-A-LERT!! AND BTW....JERSEYS WERE PLAYED OUT YEARS AGO "DOG"!!
Ryan69Johnson::Your the kid who got cut freshman year arent you
Road dog Red::CELTICS.....HooRah
chocolatethunder.::Its interesting to note that despite not having Pierce, Boston still shot better from the field, out rebounded, scored more in the paint and had more fast break points than the upstart Knicks. If Boston continues to do this, especially when they get their high scorer back, they will win a lot of games. A lot.
laz1::it is also unusual for a veteran team to look for moral victories
walden781::laz1 is incapable of replying to a post in a sensible manner
chocolatethunder.::Im not on the team. Wish i was, but im not. I doubt Rondo cares about his numbers, but i do. Because im a fan. haha...
laz1::if he shot his normal ft pct he would not have had 30... and he also made his long range jumpers... the one three was a chuck to beat shot clock...
chocolatethunder.::Rondos game is always improving. Nothing he does surprises me anymore. The kid is ranked among the best ever to play the game in playoff triple doubles.. ( and yes, he won most of those games ). Some great things from Rajon are coming this season. The Knicks just got a little sample.
laz1::to me the biggest positive for celts would be rajon making 9-12 from the stripe... if he makes ft's the celts will have a chance to win
chocolatethunder.::Rondo is the biggest positive which is why i noted the company he has with Larry Bird. But it was not him making 75% of his FT's. Thats great but his defense, scoring and leadership is what is more important.
laz1::Knicks had more blocked shots, steals and fewer turnovers... they shot over 47 pct from the field despit putting up 20 tre's... lots of problems with celts vaunted half court game and d... but it is just one game...
chocolatethunder.::Nothing wrong with Bostons D. 3 out of the 4 games last season were in the 100's. Its very typical. Yet Boston was still tops in the NBA in points allowed. It has more to do with style of play matchups than anything else.
laz1::All those things in a loss is disheartening to most... glad you can see the silver lining
chocolatethunder.::Its because i understand Basketball. I realize that there will be very few games during the season where Boston controlls the game and loses. Very few. Almost any time a team wins all of those battles, they win the game. The very few exceptions are when a team hits a bunch of 3's.
laz1::remarkable how many results come up when you Google "Garnett Suspended"
chocolatethunder.::Rondo is the only Celtics player other than Larry Bird to ever have 30+ points, 10+assists and 5+ steals in a game.  Rondo does it big
sugafreee86::pathetic
bigwillie317::nothin like doing it big...and losing!!
laz1::40 and a loss is what you said would be acceptable... and it would be acceptable to me as well
laz1::read my post I said I hope next time the play rondo has 40 15 and 10 and lose again and you said it would be acceptable and sexy
chocolatethunder.::I said 40 from Rajon without their leading scorer would be sexy. Focus Daniel San.
laz1::believe me I know the Knicks are not winning the championship but I do think they have a legit shot to win the atlantic... and it has been over a decade since I could say that
laz1::losing is never sexy
chocolatethunder.::You have a hard time comprehending dont you? 40 points from Rajon would be sexy, not losing to the Knicks, or to anyone.
laz1::that's probably true... but knicks are going upwards and celts appear to be headed opposite direction
laz1::jeez I hope the next time they play rondo has 40 15 and 10 and they lose again...
chocolatethunder.::That would be acceptable if their leading scorer is out again. 40 from Rajon would be sexy.
laz1::i will mention that pierce won't be playing on tuesday either and who knows how long he won't be playing for... get used to it... these injuries linger on older players
walden781::We know the Celts arent a championship level team. Guess what, neither are the Knicks.
chocolatethunder.::Noted.
laz1::ok... lol... who cares that he had some group of stats... they lost...
walden781::Are you capable of making a sensible arguement?
chocolatethunder.::Elias Sports cares because they mentioned it in the recap. I care because im a Bird and Rondo fan. Not to mention a Boston fan. I dont give two good fu-cks if YOU care. You're a Knick fan trying to pound his chest.
laz1::I would hope any fan cares more about who won the game then some team record... although like the Red Sox perhaps personal stats are more important
chocolatethunder.::Did i say i cared more about some record than a win? I was pointing out how rare of company Rondo has put himself in. The outcome is irrelevant when talking about an "individual" achievement.
walden781::You menitoned how Pierce couldnt cover Anthony last year and they lost. So, shut up and wait until the league makes a decision about Garnett.
laz1::did bird win when he did it?
53Kevin::yep,Rondo=loser
chocolatethunder.::Who cares?
Rondo is a Bum::Test
Rondo_for_Life::Eastern Conference Final Standings:  1. Heat 2. Bulls 3. C's 4. Pacers 5. Knicks
sugafreee86::Knicks are better then the C's
AustinElli15::Heat, Bulls, Knicks, C's, Orlando are my top 5
JTrain_to_theGarden::neither are the pacers.
laz1::not crazy... but c's are not that good
rackem_smackemm::Has KG been suspended yet?
laz1::not yet... but it is forth coming
okplayer27::Knicks vs Clippers in the finals, knicks in 5. You saw it here first
justinbrooks509::d'antoni will never NEVER take a team to a championship. EVER
kret2407::Knicks will miss the playoffs!! You heard it hear first. If Melo or Amare goes down this is a sub-500 basketball team! Clippers are overrated as well I see them finishing as the 7th seed in the West.
okplayer27::Celtics beat out the pacers for 8th seed. you saw it here first
okplayer27::yeah you guys will play them in the first round and lose.
Rondo_for_Life::As a C's fan, I am not stupid enough to believe that the road to the Finals will not go through Miami.
Rondo_for_Life::And the last time.
chrislayne12::Just wanted to remind everyone that Joey Crawford MVP'd this game..
laz1::yeah can you believe he called 3 techs on the Knicks?
laz1::Everyone talking smack about Knick's D... meanwhile they scored 106 against the much vaunted (and entirely over rated) celtic d
laz1::you keep mentioning pierce not playing... but your right, that is this years story
laz1::I know pavolvic and daniels are going to have to play unless you expect jeff Green to walk through the door... you are over the cap have no exceptions... so nobody new is joining up
walden781::What point are you trying to make?
laz1::you keep talking about last year and get used to pavlovic and daniels having to guard good players... they will be doing it all year as they have to play plenty... and pierce may take several more weeks to get right... he still hasn't practiced
walden781::You brought up last year when you mentioned Pierce covering Anthony.
walden781::You live in the land of predicitons and dreams. I talk about last year when it is brought up. You ramble on about what you think is going ot happen.
laz1::when pierce guarded melo he scored more...
walden781::Wow, what an accomplsihment! That and a bag of chips can get you eliminated in the 1st round.
laz1::does past history matter? do you get wins for being good last year? 1973 was the year...
Ryan69Johnson::laz1 was the kid who never won a game in little league
chocolatethunder.::They beat Boston without Bostons leading scorer. Its a huge accomplishment.
walden781::Maybe not, but you act like the Knicks have accomplished something.
walden781::A team that had Pavlovic and Daniels gurading the opposing team's star.   BTW, refresh me again as to when the last time the Knicks won a playoff series. I knew they last won a championship when Nixon was president but forgot when they actually won a title.
BdevilFTW::Fans on both sides are making way too much out of this one game.
Rondo_for_Life::With both teams healthy, I take the Celtics in six.
laz1::if you want to compare baron and pierce you have an apt comparison...
walden781::Pierce is a NBA Finals MVP while Davis never makes it to the playoffs.
laz1::its a new year... when you get extra wins for being good last year let me know... Knicks are a different team with a lot more talent... and I am pleased to end the streak of wins... and start one of our own at 1 in a row
walden781::They have a bit more talent. Not close to a championship level team. Neither are the Celts.
laz1::and now he can't get on the court... that does look old
walden781::Just like your boy, Baron Davis.
laz1::pierce is a very old 34... and we shall see if this injury doesn't linger all year
chocolatethunder.::He avg. 22ppg vs. the Knicks just a few months ago in the playoffs. Yea he looked really old.
laz1::that is singular
chocolatethunder.::You said "ALL"   so we were correcting you. They are not "all" over 35. Neither is Pierce.
Rondo_for_Life::Bass outplayed Amare yesterday and he is a bench player (he should probably start)
laz1::We shall see... Knicks won a nice game 1... long year and health is always a big concern when your top players are all over 35
chocolatethunder.::haha beat you
Rondo_for_Life::Our top player is 25
chocolatethunder.::Top players is 25.
walden781::Knicks probaly lose to a healthy Celtics team in a series
laz1::You can have them... Knicks will beat them this year... Knicks get better while Celts get older...
Rondo_for_Life::Amare was a steal for that price...
Road dog Red::The Tics a bunch of OLD tough nosed DAWGs If PP isn't there...the play should go thru Rondo...its time for him to take the reins... C'mon Doc...wise up
Road dog Red::Go CELTICS...the baddest team in the league
53Kevin::15-14,would be 7th seed if playoffs started 2day.U R so right.
bigwillie317::you misspelled oldest
Road dog Red::Game played out like it was supposed to...the STAR of the team always takes over at the end. NY had theirz...but the Tics didn't have theirz...game to the Knicks
laz1::They despise him, and he is regularly characterized with Ivan the Terrible like tendencies. They see all of Garnett's crimes against humanity, and he is turned into the NBA's version of James Harrison: a player who plays hard with an underlying sense of rage that regularly comes out during game time. When that rage comes out during game time, it is perceived as cruel and the player is a Thug. No matter how bad the incident actually was, the villain label makes that incident take on a life of its own in the court of public opinion. - celtics blog
laz1::Garnett looked like a healthy THUG...
Road dog Red::Garnett looked HEALTHY.. JO looked healthy .Celts will be alright if Doc will play a freakin rookie once in a while
Road dog Red::CELTICS.....HoooRah
kret2407::New York's bench was Awful!! They better get good in a hurry otherwise Melo is going to have to average 37 a game for the Knicks to win. If Pierce plays the Celtics win this one easily
AustinElli15::Both Bibby and Baron Davis out, don't worry the bench will improve
53Kevin::Yeah,as if those two superstars would've made any difference.Knicks just got a break against the NBA'S sorriest teams with that fluke streak!
laz1::he was 2-2 on jumpers and he made his free throws until the 4th quarter... if Rondo makes 75 pct of his ft's he would average 20 a game... and you can laugh but what does that mean about Celts d? If they can't win when Rondo does all that... then it could be the Celts who are in for the long year...
kret2407::that was one game you have to look at the entire sample size you can't pick and choose which stats you want to use! The fact of the matter is the Knicks bench is awful and with the season being as crazy as it is I think the knicks are going to get tired fast and are going to struggle to even make the playoffs honestly!! When Melo was out of the game they got absolutely hammered!! And I laugh at people when they say the Knicks have "improved defense" Rondo scored 31 points not because he was shooting well, but because he had 6-7 uncontested layups! Toney Douglas is garbage!
laz1::Melo scored 42 with Pierce guarding him... This is a W... If... if and buts were candy and nuts... you would have something sweet to eat instead of crow...
etripp216::Carmelo was getting buckets, but he still need to be getting on the the treadmill, because he look like he gained a good 10lbs-15lbs during the lockout.
laz1::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NXSfZnoXBx8 lets put it out there... looks like a suspension to me
laz1::Given Stern's strict standard, and attention to public perception,  this will merit at minimum a fine, and in all likelihood, at least a one-game suspension
laz1::Not when their entire persona is the equivalent of James Harrison in football...
andehhhhhhh::I'm telling you dude. 17 year veterans get cut slack.
laz1::I doubt it... Stern doesn't let this type of stupidity slide... easily could have put a huge black eye on the NBA's return... stupid = suspension
andehhhhhhh::Valid point. But I think given the shortened season Stern might let it slide.
laz1::no... it happened on the court on national tv and it is all over the internet... he will be suspended. The national attention on the game means just about everyone in the world saw it over and over again.
andehhhhhhh::I do think he'll get fined. I'd honestly be suprised if he got suspended. I mean, the whole thing took place after the game. You don't think that'll be taken into consideration?
andehhhhhhh::So before this Celtic/Knicks rivalry thing gets too crazy I have to ask. Am I the only one here who misses Nate Robinson and Stephon Marbury?
kret2407::Nate Robinson is terrible!! Him and Gerald Green can go over to Europe and have cool dunks against scrubs and pretend they ever did anything in the NBA
andehhhhhhh::Well Woodson as an assistant should help. It's just tough to incorporate good defensive schemes into a quick run and gun style system the way Mike D'Antoni has his system set up. If Woodson can get the defense he ran in Atlanta incorporated into New York, the way Chandler plays defense especially, the Knicks will be pretty good. I still really dislike D'Antoni. If the Knicks made Woodson the head coach and cut all ties with Isaiah Thomas I'd be an instant Knicks fan again.
laz1::I think this team will have some elements of those late 90's teams except they have firepower to score and capability to be a mid-level defensive team... if they can be 14th or 15th in d they will win division...
andehhhhhhh::I miss Eddy Curry. And Latrell Sprewell. I actually do though. I used to be a big Knicks fan prior to Isaiah Thomas and Mike D'Antoni getting involved with that franchise. But I especially hate D'Antoni. I love the Jeff Van Gundy Knicks with Houston, Camby, Sprewell, Ewing, Larry Johnson. The first lockout I cheered for the Knicks the whole year and they were the first 8 seed to make it to the finals. Thats when the Knicks were at their best as far as I'm concerned. I don't like the run and gun D'Antoni approach at all. Defense is important. And I was a big Starbury fan and I didn't like how NY ousted him.
laz1::I miss antoine walker and rick pitino
laz1::Garnett choked and then swung... suspension awaits
laz1::he indisputably deserves it... if walker had responded back you have a brawl at the end of the first game of the season all triggered by KG... must suspend... send the message... hands off...
laz1::can't wait to hear you cry when he gets a game
walden781::You probably will cry if he doesnt.
andehhhhhhh::He'll be fined. Watch.
dboysupreme626::Even if Walker was talking thrash to KG first, does that give KG the right to put his hands on him?! This isn't street ball, this is supposed to be professional Basketball. KG seems to always forget that he's not in the hood anymore.  As far as I know thrash talking is a part of the game.
walden781::What the hell is "thrash" talking anyway. I've heard of trash talikng, but not this thrash talking you speak of.
dboysupreme626::The same kind of intensity he used to trip up Toney Douglas in the playoffs
laz1::intensity is fine... all his dirty elbows and such are fine... but when you extend your arm into someone's face you sit... plain and simple
andehhhhhhh::Garnett plays with more intensity than anyone in the league. This ain't Europe. The NBA isn't all finess. Its a physical sport and when you deal with KG you should expect that intensity.
laz1::Garnett and Pierce yapped at Knicks and no one laid hands... when you lay hands you get suspended no excuses
laz1::instigated it how... by saying something? please... he swung and will be suspended
walden781::When you run up in someone's face, you instigate them to cause a reaction.
andehhhhhhh::When you're a third year role player who is clearly talking $@%! to a 17 year veteran whose scored over 23,000 points in the NBA then you have to analyze that situation. Garnett has done enough in Walker's profession to demand Walker's respect. If Walker is going to approach Garnett and get in his face, I don't think its at all out of line for Garnett to show him whats up. Garnett deserves respect for his accomplishments.
walden781::My point is Walker instigated the incident. Getting up in someone's face after winning a season opener is pretty lame, a sign that you have never won anything before. Garnett shouldnt have put his hands on him but Walker doesnt do that, Garnett doesnt choke him.
laz1::lol as though being a vet allows you to swing at a guy... when you run your mouth for 17 years expect to hear it when you chump a wide open 10 footer
dboysupreme626::You can't put your hands on anybody period. I like to see KG do that to Tyson Chandler LOL
dboysupreme626::Lol you're funny
walden781::Chandler should try getting in his face then.
walden781::Stuff like this happened all the time in the 80's. laz1, if you think Garnett is bad, you'd crap yourself watching Laimbeer and Mahorn.
walden781::Dont get up in people's faces if you dont want them to react.
andehhhhhhh::KG is a 17 year veteran. Dude dictates the game so don't come at him if you're a third year role player and try to get froggy.
dboysupreme626::A 17 year vet should know better than that. dude still hasn't learned.
laz1::lord knows KG does more talking than half the league combined... he must be suspended
walden781::Good lord, you act like this is the Rudy T. / Kermit Washngiton incident or something. Bynum hitting Barea was 20 times worse than this. No one even got hurt.
Rondo_for_Life::Here's the real question: Can either of these teams beat the Heat?
andehhhhhhh::I'm agreeing with Laz on this one. I kind of like the Baron Davis pick-up. I'm just curious if he can stay in shape.
laz1::and more than half of his assists last year were for dunks or lay-ups highest pct of any pg in basketball and that was his average with the CAVS
laz1::he has averaged 16 and 7 that is noteworthy
walden781::Hasnt played in a playoff game in 5 years.
laz1::Davis is not fat today... saw him... he is trim... and I think he will care... and 32 is not old...
walden781::When was the last time he did anything of note?
dboysupreme626::Knicks have no offensive rebounding so easy fast break points for the Heat, and celtics are too slow Rondo will get shut down. Knicks are a better match though because of Tyson Chandler clogging up the middle and tormenting Lebron and Bosh Spice like he did in the finals.
walden781::Davis wont do anything for NY. He is fat and on the wrong side of 30 and hasnt tried in three years.
laz1::Knicks scored 106 against them... They had some break downs in 3rd that allowed celts to score easy buckets... in crunch time 17 points... if the knicks only allow 17 4th quarter points they will win a lot of games
Rondo_for_Life::They had no answer for Rondo or Bass. I would attribute the 4th quarter to poor play calling by Rivers over the Knicks' defense.  Seriously, Daniels and Garnett were the go to guys in the final minute?
John-Rocker::I don't see that team ever playing solid D either. Not as long as D'Antoni is coach and Carmelo and Stoudemire play for them.
John-Rocker::Knicks dont play D. The celtics scored 104 without Pierce. Get used to it....
Rondo_for_Life::They can't rebound either. The C's had 10 more boards. When do the C's outrebound anyone?
walden781::Neither of these teams get past the second round.
sportshead96::The Knicks match up better against the Heat than the Celtics do, plus the Knicks made the most improvements of the three this offseason.
John-Rocker::Not when he can only give you 15 mintutes a game.
laz1::Heat will be tough if they stay healthy
andehhhhhhh::We'll find out tomorrow. Celtics/Heat game.
Rondo_for_Life::First home game for the Heat is going to be a tough win.
John-Rocker::If the Celtics had a legit center I think they could.
andehhhhhhh::He's still great defensively. He can get blocks all day long, protect the paint. He gets rebounds better now than he has in a long time. He's not here for scoring. Sorry he doesn't average 20 anymore. But he knows his role and he plays hard. He competed nicely with Chandler yesterday an with the Raptors in the 2 pre-season games. Health is key for that dude.
DaBostonStrangler10::Jermaine O'Neal IS NOT legit. He is the walking wounded. I wouldn't be surprised if he retired at the end of the season. He was a terrible signing.
andehhhhhhh::He's like 32. Thats not even old. He is injury prone but he honestly has been looking in the best shape since he was in Indiana. Dude got 4 blocks in 12 minutes in that pre-season finale. I think 2 blocks yesterday. His main priority is defense anyways. But he's been getting more rebounds. idk, I'm pretty confident in JO if he can stay healthy. I know it's a big if.
Rondo_for_Life::Not when he is 50 and prone to injuries.
andehhhhhhh::A 5-time all-star isn't legit?
Rondo_for_Life::I agree.
superpieman802::if garnett grabbed my by the neck id break that has been cowards knee caps with a baseball bat and laugh
laz1::he will be suspended for at least a game... he swung
andehhhhhhh::Walker's a thug, he's as bad as Garnett, and you know it. Look at that kid with his dreads and $@%!. lol. Garnett will get a fine, i don't think he'll be suspended.
laz1::Walker did nothing and Garnett will and must be suspended
dboysupreme626::I still don't get how you guys think that grabbing somebody throat or just putting your hands on anybody period is acceptable.
andehhhhhhh::^exactly what walden said.
walden781::He got up in his face, that is quite easy to see. If he didnt do that, Garnett doesnt grab his throat. Its pretty simple.
andehhhhhhh::Well when Billy Walker was in Boston I remember the two got in a fight at practice. So the whole thing is an old thing, those two guys just don't like eachother. Walker was going after him too.
walden781::In all honesty, dont get right up in someone's face and not expect them to react.
laz1::Garnett needs to be suspended for at least a game
nba is the worst::Quick - before tomorrow, Stern!
andehhhhhhh::If that beast of a man Garnett grabbed you by the neck you'd $@%! your pants.
John-Rocker::The biggest thing I don't like about New York are the foreigners ... You can walk an entire block in Times Square and not hear anybody speaking English
laz1::we got no room for racist losers...
John-Rocker::Hell no I'm not form New York. Place sucks....
laz1::guy just trying to live up to his racist handle
sportshead96::You said the same thing yesterday, are you even from New York
laz1::That is what happens when you city is cool enough to be visited...
nba is the worst::JHOEY CRAWFORD - YOU DECIDE:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDfEqUMGAGo&amp;feature=player_embedded
laz1::48 minutes of basketball gave the knicks the win... the game was badly called both ways... Knicks should have had about a half dozen and 1's in 1st half and late on Amare as well... Celts guard with their hands... too old to move their feet
walden781::Dont forget the phantom call that gave NY the win.
laz1::plus stupid clip doesn't show joey warning him three times to quit the crap
laz1::quit acting like he did not give you an and 1 and a tech on a clear charge in first half... 3 tech's on both teams... o neal should have gotten one for demonstrative complaint as well
david gladman::I IMMEDIATELY ADDED THIS BASS KID TO MY FANTASTY BENCH-HE IS A VERY GOOD PLAYER!
Nazi.America_1.2::Fuck
Rondo_for_Life::I just want to thank Otis Smith for making another great trade and giving the C's Brandon Bass. We finally have a rebounder!
Rondo Hondo::Knicks got gifted with those game winning free throws.
laz1::it is always funny when someone point to the number of ft's as a sign of bad officiating as if the team that is fouling more should not give up more free throws
laz1::Celtics are old and defended with their hands not their feet... knicks wore em dowm... number of ft's shows it
laz1::the joke is how many no calls the celts got a way with before... they hack stat for what should have been two or three and 1's that were not called...
nba is the worst::Credit where credit is due:  4th Q fts, Knicks 12, celtics 2
dboysupreme626::It was a reach in foul, Melo was getting hacked all game, $@%! and take the loss Hondo
andehhhhhhh::No way Carmelo scores 37 if Pierce plays. Pavlovic and Daniels just couldn't do the trick. Let's face is Pierce and Pietrus being out is more of a blow to Boston than Baron Davis and Mike Bibby being out for New York. If both teams were at full health, Boston would have surely won this game.
andehhhhhhh::Yeah I'm curious as to what Baron can do. I hope the dude can get in shape.  I like seeing all these teams at full health so there are no what-ifs. lol. But I guess I definitely shouldn't expect that in a lock-out year. I think theres already more injuries than normal.
laz1::Celts got every whistle except those... quit moaning...
dboysupreme626::But Melo torched them for 42 points with Pierce in game 2 of the playoffs
laz1::Bibby is a non factor but if Baron is healthy he will be huge... a quality pg on both ends who can run D'antoni's system and an orchestrator on what could be super potent pick and roll offense
andehhhhhhh::I don't agree with that. It's not even about where Boston's offense comes from. Pierce's defense would have disabled Carmelo from torching us for 37. I mean props to Melo but Daniels and Pavlovic are NOT great at D. Pierce would have helped.
laz1::I was saying Pierce's minutes would have slowed Rondo and Bass who both had way above the norm performances... pavlic and daniels were countered balanced by those performances...
dboysupreme626::If Melo was in the 3rd quarter you guys wouldn't have outscored us like that....But that's a what if just like if Pierce played
andehhhhhhh::Mike Woodson as assistant coach and Chandler at center will help a lot. Baron Davis and Mike Bibby I'm not sold on although I was a fan of both in 2001.
andehhhhhhh::I agree. But you have to assume an addition of Pierce might have challenged the Knicks a bit more. And the Celtics straight up played soft in the 2nd quarter. I'm giving the Knicks props on their improved D.
dboysupreme626::well said
laz1::Knicks won a tough game and a game which last years team would have packed it in... It was a quality win against a quality team... pierce or no pierce...
nba is the worst::"Quality" ref job win - a RIDICULOUS technical when Melo elbows Pavlovic, and BS fts at the end.
andehhhhhhh::Jermaine wasn't out there the entire 4th quarter by any means. Maybe a play or two towards the end. But Marquis Daniels was out there in place of Pierce.
laz1::O'neal was out there
andehhhhhhh::Pierce couldn't play better than Pavlovic or Daniels? C'mon man. You know that's not even true. I'm with you on Rondo not scoring 31. but Bass might have been out there because Jermaine O'neal wasn't out there either so Bass wasn't in replacing Pierce.
dboysupreme626::Didn't Melo score 42 points against them in game 2 in the playoffs?
laz1::I love the mention of Pietrus as well...
laz1::no way Rondo scores 31 if pierce was healthy and no way bass is game at the end either... and Pierce could not have played better than either of those guys
Rondo_for_Life::Maybe not, but he would have defended Melo better than Daniels did.
andehhhhhhh::*it
laz1::Garnett needs to be suspended... it was the kind of thing the league cannot tolerate... that could ruined all of christmas for NBA
dboysupreme626::Im so sick of Mike 'Antoni (No D) and his perimeter offense. How are we supposed to get offensive rebounds when everyone is on the outside looking for a shot. Chandler can't get all the rebounds by himself. I'm happy that STAT is making 3's but he should be in the paint helping Chandler. Anything less than an eastern conference championship and Antoni is out of here.
andehhhhhhh::I'm definitely curious how both teams will play against the Heat. Hopefully better than the Mavericks did. That Mavs game yesterday was God-awful. I think they got down by like 35 or 37 in the third. And Bosh was a near non-factor. Dude had like 4 points.
laz1::The fact is no matter how you cut it Knicks are an offensive team that needs to be able to get a few more stops than last year... this is a good sign that they were able to get a bunch of key stops in crunch time against a good team... yes there are issues exposed in third quarter... but I saw tons of positives as well
andehhhhhhh::I'm a Boston fan but I need to defend Chandler here. Dude had 6 blocks. Plus Mike Woodson, the new assistant coach, is supposedly going to employ more defensive schemes this year. Idk, there are a lot of good shooters on NY too, I'm not sure offensive rebounds are a huge concern especially if Amare keeps making 3's and Anthony is scoring 30+. D'Antoni really is a God-awful coach though. If he $@%!$ up that team I'm sure he'll be out real quick, agree with you on that.
dboysupreme626::Offensive rebounding is what killed us, its a huge part of the game especially if you're playing a one man fast break like Rondo, if they get they rebound it's an easy 2 points. We won't be able to beat the Heat playing like that.
laz1::11 blocked shots and 9 steals is a nice start... The rebounding will get cleaned up...
dboysupreme626::Err- I said offensive rebounds...with all those wild shots everyone was throwing up you can't rely on only Chandler to clean up the mess by himself....we need our 2 bigs in the paint. Chandler playing low post and STAT playing high. When was the last time you saw STAT post up anybody? That's turrible for a guy his size.
nba is the worst::Err - Chandler only had 3 rebs in 37 minutes - Stat had 6 in 35 (and Shumpert grabbed 4 in 22)
Yanks for the Win::Who feels bad for KG? I mean take that dude out of a uniform or suit and in street clothes? Dude looks like a straight crack-head. Honestly, I could see him buying rock a few corners over.
david gladman::Kevin Garnett has always been a sore loser-but i think the league will let this one go-maybe a small fine-but no suspension.
david gladman::weak foul at the end of the game kinda concerns me-and dont forget no Paul Pierce-let wait and see what they do on this road trip!
dboysupreme626::Who cares about Paul Pierce?! I can say the same thing about Melo not playing almost the entire 3rd quarter and Celtics came back. you think that would have happened if Melo was in and controlling the game playing Point-Forward?!
DCOVEY8434::Garnett needs anger management, and a small suspension. His behavior is embarrasing to the league. Putting your hands on someones kneck can easily lead to a fist fight. Everyone knows the guy is dirty during games, but to do that at the end. It needs to stop somewhere.
Eternal_Sage::I agree, he will most likely be suspended a game or fine but it was a bad move
ny2nc1980::I think he will be fined. It didn't escalate into a full blown fight. The league will probably just hit his pocket and warn him that next time it will be worse.
david gladman::Tyson Chandler will definately make a difference in the middle-6 blocks -make a difference!
laz1::At the end of the day they scored 106 against one of the top 3 defensive teams in the league including blistering them in the 4th quarter
PUFFY10405::at the end of the day they allowed 104 points.... i know a win is a win but they have to improve on the defensive end if they want to be considered in the top 3 in the east
ny2nc1980::This could be attributed to the lack of practice time. Their defense was sloppy, and their offense was just not solid. The Knicks need a few weeks to get adjusted, and hopefully we'll see a more solid team. HOPEFULLY
PUFFY10405::lol yeah they also allowed 48 points in the paint that is not going to get you very far
