Justin Porter::haha this is why the NETS are a joke.. Thinking they beat a HEAT team that was only trying the last 7 minutes of the game.. They needed Wade and James out of the game to win lmao
Eric Filapello::And the nets not having d-will or brook means nothing? Shouldn't a heat team with LeBron for nearly the whole game, and bosh and crew beat this joke you speak of? That being said they have lost to that joke both times already.
Rhett Carillo::Yeah, imagine if you don't have Bush and Wade, like the Nets which don't have Lopez and Williams?
Ryan Kinghorn::thats a joke saying a team wasn't trying until the last 7 minutes. ignorant sports fan ^^^
Jeremy Johnson::LOL @ Nets winning a huge game against Miami and laying an egg against Toronto.  Of course, Toronto is a but of a surprise in the weak East this year.
Eric Filapello::You do understand the nets were coming off a double OT game last night, and 3rd game in 4 nights. Without KG and D-will, it was pretty apparent they ran out of gas in the 2nd half. Not taking anything away from the raptors, they have been a great surprise. Just don't need morons like you commenting on here.
James J. Johnson Jr.::I guess the emotional win over the Miami Heat proved to much to carry over to tonight..LOL
Andy P Kordyban::No surprise here. The Nets lost to a much better team with a lot more heart. The Raptors are the 3rd best team in the East right now. A team I could see winning their first championship this year.
Ryan Kinghorn::championship…lol nice team but really? i give them a 10% chance of not getting SWEPT by miami or indiana in a playoff series. this team is nowhere near a championship team. Atlantic Division Championship…much more likely. NBA Finals, 0% chance #delusional
Steven Rivera::Nets hav talent but they need to fire Kidd asap! This team will be a joke for the rest of the season even if they make the playoffs
Jeff Doughty::what stands out for me looking at the boxscore is that jonas was -22 while he was on the court and patrick patterson was a +40.. whaaaaat
Fans::Patrick Patterson was sensational. Raps were +40 with him on the floor. Have you ever seen a +/- number that high?!?
Jason Aschenbrenner::I don't know how this team beat Miami they look like they belong in a retirement home! All of them
Chris Patterson::One of the worst pro teams I have ever seen--coach included.....
Ryan Kinghorn::i guess you have watched the bobcats play the last 5 years
Mizta Hermanstein::Drake night was a success! http://kingpintv.net/2014/01/12/highlights-drake-night-in-toronto-at-the-air-canada-centre-kingpintv-net/
Al Asifyouknow::As much of a fan that I'm of Vaz I think he might as well pack his bag, this coach has ZERO confidence on him, I know he is still a bit hurt but the mistakes he is making are D-league type. All I can think of is that this guy doesn't not want to play off the bench and he is tanking to get out of there. This guy is not this bad, I've been watching him for 8 years since his Terps days this is the worse by far I've seen him.  As of yesterday I would of been defending the guy but after this disaster vs the Nets that he actually torched with 12 assist and 17 points a month ago with the Kings, there is no defending this ..you need a PG that can give Lowry a rest of you going to burn him out in soon. The guy is out I'm sure...I got a feeling he rather start in a bad team because next year is a contract year,,
James Belandres::people actually thought brooklyn would win this game lmao isn't it blatantly obvious that bad teams get up to play miami then slink back to being bads after?
Ryan Kinghorn::they didn't just beat Miami thought, they beat Miami, Golden State, Atlanta, and Oklahoma City within 8 days. This had nothing to do with playing down, this is a team that was gassed and needed a night off. And by the way, all 4 of those teams are better than toronto. Except for atlanta, they're all MUCH better
Mizta Hermanstein::The buzz in Toronto for this game is crazy right now. Tickets as high as $1100                                                                                                                                              http://kingpintv.net/2013/12/05/newsvideo-drake-announces-partnership-with-michael-jordans-nike-brand-for-ovo-sneakers-kingpintv-net/
Christopher Esposito::Gonna be a great game as a die hard nets fan I would like to give a lot of credit to Toronto this year there having a great year should be a great game with both teams hot right now who ever wins it's gonna be by 3 or less
Nick Evans::This game will be the 3rd game in 4 nights for the Nets.  They have a tough match up vs the Heat the night before.  The Raps will be nice and rested.    Add in the fact that the Nets are awful on the road, and I predict the Raps will cruise to a W here.
Wade Russ::Nets should just call it a night.  They're are getting hammered around the rim and the refs just aren't going to call anything.
Harman Singh Sidhu::You do realize the raps were getting no whistles from the 2nd and 3rd quarter. Calls even up in games and the Raps took it to the Nets and beat them so stop whining.
Wade Russ::Refs putting the Raptors back in this one.  They're getting away with murder on the defensive end.
Brendan Bonesso::Are you retarded or just know nothing about basketball?
Rhett Carillo::Give Reggie Evans more playing time Kidd. He is a defensive monster! That is what you need.
Mang Artemio::blatche only payed 9 mins? what is kidd doing again? you have to put a scorer on the floor... smh
Will Bernanke::HOW DOES TORONTO HAVE 1 POINT IN 5 MINUTES AGAINST A TIRED QUITTING POORLY COACHED NETS TEAM?
Ed DeSalle::A fluke win over Miami and the Nets are back to earth! LMFAO!
Drew Grundfor::Net's on a back to back equals at least a 25 point loss...at least.
Wade Russ::Raptors getting every bounce and call their way right now
