Josh Strouth::Here's a preview of the game for you Wizard fans out there (Pacer fans who have been following the Pacers this year already know what's gonna happen):  It's gonna be a back-and-forth first half and a half time score within five either way, Wizards fans are gonna be confident and talking trash, thinking they actually have a shot at pulling out the win, and then the Pacers are gonna lock down on defense in the second half and completely dominate at least one of the third and fourth quarters, outscoring the Wizards by 10-15 in the second half to win easily,  I'm gonna say the Wizards win the first half ~ 48-45 and Pacers are gonna win the second half ~ 54-39 for a final score of ~ 99-87 Pacers.
Dereck Johnson::Josh, u are spot on with everything except your scores. I know the 2nd quarter has gave us problems this year but our starters seem 2 have a lot more energy than the other teams do in the 2nd half bc of our bench. Also the bench players have a better rhythm in the 2nd half bc they got good mins in the 1st. Who said the Pacers are boring? I love watching Lance play and u never know what he's gonna do. Some great passes 2nite and I loved his postgame interview. The kid is really growing up and we need to get him resigned bc he's only gonna get better and cost more.
Gerry Miller::Hard to imagine that John Wall was the #1 pick in 2010 and Paul George was the #10 pick.
Benny Thai Tran::I know, and last week there were some writers trying to say that Washington is heading in the right direction with Wall.
Dereck Johnson::I've saw a lot of writers and experts re draft the 2010 draft and all of them have George at #1 but I wonder where they'd say Lance is now. Def Birds best draft ever.
Fritz Helio Hieb::Lance is just toying with people now.  Easily the cockiest player in the NBA but danged if i don't love me some Born Ready
Victor Beauchamp::Come on Wiz. Pull the upset and get to .500.
Melvin Hall::Lets go Wiz
Melvin Hall::My Wizards will win this game
Jonah Swidan::CAN win, but WILL is a little far fetched
Aaron Starr::Pacers by 20
Aaron Starr::What did I say!!!!
Dereck Johnson::I loved seeing C.J Watson finally get his shot down. If he can become consistent with he and Scola off the bench. Its going 2b one hell of a season. I think they're getting used to playing with our bench now. D.Sloan is a heck of a player. Everytime he gets a chance he steps up. He'd be an upgrade on a lot of teams as a backup PG. Id like 2see Bird trade him and Granger for a good young wing player. I don't see us resigning Granger after this season bc most of our money is going 2Lance hopefully anyways.
Evan Michaelis::wit how lance is playing... hes forced the pacers hand... hes leading the league in triple doubles and stephenson does it all for us...
Mike Williams::Trading Granger makes it hard to resign Lance, unless you're getting expiring contracts in return which won't happen.  It'd almost be more beneficial to let his contract expire.
Dereck Johnson::Good point Mike I hadn't thought about that. Are we that cash strapped tho? I know we don't have a lot of cash but surely we have enough to resign Lance. Who else will be FA's after this season?
Collin Smith::Nate rose I would take wall over kyrie. The only thing kyrie got on wall is scoring that's it. Now look wat wall is doing with a better team. Even though we got a lot of ppl injured rite now.
Jacob Sharar::have ever seen kyrie play? all he has is scoring? that dude has handles light years ahead of wall and has played on TERRIBLE teams. both great up and comers but that wasn't very well thought out.
Collin Smith::Yea 20 points and 9 assist isn't a top 10 pg. I'm done wit you dude you need help. Do you self a favor and look up some stats before you try and sound educated about sports.-Benny Thai Tran
James Aaron Sharp::Dude isn't even worth it...I hate when people try and talk when they clearly don't follow basketball.
David Tatro::How can anyone downplay a 15-1 start. Pointing to the schedule is the dumbest thing i've ever heard of. This team is legit.
Jeffery Austin::No, downplaying winning 27 straight games was the dumbest thing ever.
Zack Schooler::Jeffery Austin. Wrong. Heat's streak last year was as meaningless as they come, none of the teams they beat on the 27 game win streak even came close to trying.
Ed DeSalle::Zack Schooler Dumb Comment!
Christopher C. Lucas::After this weekend, we will truly know if we have a pretender or a true contender in the Pacers. I'll leave at that for now. I'm out. Peace.
Jonah Swidan::NO dude, a 5 game stretch on the west coast will NOT
Dereck Johnson::A true contender is a team that could win it all and there's only 2of them in the East. If u don't already know we're a true contender, then I don't know what u need. Are u saying that if we play bad for 1week and it happens 2b this 1 then we're not contenders? Hell we could already buy our tickets for the ECF against the Heat and they'd prob already be selling them if not for the other teams feelings. If any Eastern conference fanbase can't admit they know its gonna happen also then they're living in denial. Its funny bc the Heat fans even try 2act like we're not 4real.
Benny Thai Tran::No, Pacers are not pretender team, they proven that last  year in the the playoffs, and they are just validating it  with the current season. Any NBA team can win 1 game on a given night, but a series it's a different story.  Pacers were made to play in the playoffs.
Charles McGinley::Them Cer's come back even better in the Second Wizards dont have a chance
Sid Baxter::Almost seems like a trap game for the Pacers going against the hottest team in the NBA right now. But without Beal i think the Pacers take it within 5.
Jonah Swidan::Hottest team in the NBA?  Wiz have won three in a row being 7-8, not really the hottest team in the nba
Josh Strouth::Hahaha, the Pacers have won 14 of their last 15 games, I'd call that pretty hot, jus sayin.
Sid Baxter::Jonah Swidan I mean they've won 5 of their last 6 and have had by far a tougher schedule than the Pacers so far this year. Wouldn't be surprised if the wiz win by 5+ if they play to the potential i've seen as of late.
Zack Schooler::I had almost forgotten how over confident Wiz fans got with their team...... Thanks for reminding me guys
Dereck Johnson::I did think they'd be better after getting Gortat tho. I know they've started playing better as of late. i see them as a six seed in the east maybe five. Five might be a lil high but it all depends on what Nene has left in the tank. It was smart getting Gortat bc that allowed Nene move back to PF. I think a lot of teams in the East are going to look to get 2good bigs to match us and expose the Heats weak spot.
Zack Schooler::They have a good team. But, thinking they should be favored if they were at full strength, when the Pacers aren't even at full strength, is really funny.
Gerry Miller::I am not confident that the Wizards would win more than 2 out of every 7 games against the Pacers. Especially with the best 2 players for the Wizards (Beal is their best scorer, Nene is their best inside player) both missing.
Scott Hall::God these 2010ers are as dumb as a box of rocks
Ilya Kolodiychik::You referring to me? I was a fan when Clarence Weatherspoon was on the Heat. Do you even know who that is?
Scott Hall::Ilya Kolodiychik Yes I do and I am sure you were
Ilya Kolodiychik::Actually, I had the table sorted incorrectly (by PCT instead of AVG):  Pacers last year: 25 (are you kidding me!? Do you guys even HAVE fans!?) Pacers this year: 19 (man, you are a hard group to please. 15-1 and Pacers fans barely go to games lol)  Heat since 2001 have been below 19 twice: in 2003 (before Wade), 2004 (Wade's rookie year).
Jay Wahl::Hey right on.. we've got a new streak. 6 and counting.
Ariel Attias::has anyone had an easier schedule than the pacers? this is one of the toughest games of the season so far for them LOL
Jonah Swidan::Same can be said about the spurs and heat,  btw Memphis, Minny, Chicago twice and maybe even Toronto are better than the Wiz.  Not the Pacers fault the east blows so cut the easy teams crap
Jeremiah Jones Sr.::Will c after we head out west starting sunday
Keith Haemmerle::Yes...the Heat have had an easier schedule than the Pacers...
Sportsbettingstar.com::The Indiana Pacers put their NBA-best record and their perfect home mark on the line when they host the Washington Wizards on Friday. The Pacers have won five straight overall and are 8-0 at home, where they've won 10 in a row against Washington. These aren't the same lowly Wizards, though, as they've won three straight and five of six and are one game away from .500. Expect the Pacers to go 15-1 after tonight but I see the Wiz keeping within single digits here.
Zack Schooler::So there was a Wizards fan who wanted to talk about how weak the Pacers schedule was, then talk about how the Wizards have won 5 of their last 6. Their best win of the group was Minnesota, who the Pacers beat by a wider margin, and I guess the Lakers, other than that they beat the Knicks, Milwaukee, and the Cavs, and lost to the Raptors. That is actually really funny, that he wanted to bring up the Pacers having a weak schedule, then ignore the Wizards's easy stretch that produced them winning 5 of 6.
David Thompson Jimenez::You forgot about San Antonio, Dallas and OKC.
Josh Strouth::David Thompson Jimenez, He was clearly talking about the Wizards last 6 games, Wizards fans are claiming that they are good because they have won 5 of their last 6 games, they have not played any top tier teams during that stretch, all of those teams that you listed were earlier in the season and were all losses, which also does not prove they are a good team, they've lost to every top tier team they've played and that will continue today.
Mark Schinkel::This is a huge game for the Wizards. We are 7 and 8 right now with a 3 game win streak and 5 of last 6. Yes, we haven't beaten the best teams out there but if we pull this win out it will be huge. We reach .500 and beat the #1 team in the East. Yes, I think the best team in the east right now is the Pacers. I am a Wizards/Bullets fan for 20+ years. 18 of those years were disappointing pretty much. Sitting at 7 and 8 this early is exciting for me and we have a chance to do big things so watch out!
Wade Mason::All due respect to you and your team, but the Pacers are tough to beat at home. Unless there's some sort of dysfunction or foul trouble, I think the Pacers will take this one in with a close final score. The Wizards have been balling lately, which is why I think it'll be close, but the Pacers are just on another level, and want to remain unbeaten at home before a 5 game trip out west.
Nick Petrucci::Destond Lim. LeBron James is just getting better and better with his shot and shot selection. Unreal how far he separated himself from every other player. There is a reason why Jordan hates on him... threatened to lose his status as goat
Scott Hall::Or he could hate him because he had to jump to another team and collude witrh other players to achieve a championship
Nick Petrucci::Jordan had Pippen. Without Pippen he would still have no championships
Scott Hall::Nick Petrucci They got Pippen. Thats 1. LeBron needed 2 more.
Fritz Helio Hieb::What should we do, what should we do to keep Lance....trade Scola for a second round pick? Copeland? That means S. Hill actually better be decent...Lance getting at least 8 is gonna make this friggin tough.
Evan Michaelis::at the rate its going granger is gonna be let go after this year ... we don't need a benchwarmer and right now since hes injured thats what he is... And at the begining of the year they even said they will keep granger if he can stay healthy
Jacob Sharar::i see a lot about the pacers having no depth... this isn't 2012... when granger is back this team can go ELEVEN deep. silly people. Remember when Steven A. Smith was begging the Knicks to play Copeland in the playoffs more last year? yeah, the guy has trouble even sniffing the court in indy.
Evan Michaelis::sorry to say we don't need granger and haven't needed him...Granger did indy well when he was healthy but sorry to say i don't want him back... The team that takes the floor now is better then the team that was on the floor wit granger. Mind u if we do get him back thats great and all but he won't replace stephenson. At this point the bench unit is coming together pretty nicely and prlly if granger waits anylonger hes just gonna hurt the chemistry of either the starters or the bench unit ... which really we don't need to happen cause there in a grove on both sides of the ball and only gonna get better and its all without granger
Jonah Swidan::Evan Michaelis Granger should never start again as a Pacer, but I disagree with us not needing him,  a former all star along with Watson and Scola off the bench will just make the Pacers even more deep.  We need a little more offense off the bench and Granger can space the floor so guys like, Mahinmi, Johnson, S. Hill, can score more
Evan Michaelis::Jonah Swidan dude hill wouldn't see the floor ive watched every game this season the minutes hill and copeland are getting are the minutes granger would take
Collin Smith::Benny Thai Tran- how are the wizards not heading in the right direction with wall? He averaging 20 and 9 assist a gm. And his assist will go up wen beal,Nene,al and Otto porter comeback. You sound retarded.
Benny Thai Tran::I would rather have Lance Stephenson at a fraction of the price.
