TARHEEL064::Barnes needs more minutes...he hit 2 big shots near the end of this game.  His first step is explosive...he can get to the rack with relative ease...just needs to stay on the court.
kmillz09::Is anyone else annoyed that the highlights showed pretty much only the losing teams big shots? Where are all of the good GSW plays?! They won the game ffs.
commisheatspork::Clippers already peaked and it's all downhill from here.
xmanfolife::Griffin is quite the flopper.....needs to play more with his head up instead of bulling his way to the basket.
xmanfolife::Common on back to earth Clipps.......they look good losing though...
troy_green1::Excellent team effort by the Dubs. Even though they surrendered 110 the D looked sound.  Its hard to play good defense against a legitimate NBA team and a ref at the same time.  At the end of the day they got it done though.   I like the depth of the Warriors. Lots of different pieces for Coach Jackson to use. I also liked how Coach went with the hot hand last night. If the Warriors keep up that effort level on both sides of the floor they will be tough to stop. Keep playing a sound fundamental style of basketball at full speed, the wins will pile up.  Lots of people are going to be caught by surprise this season.   Go Dubs!
b735player::Festus Ezeli, reppin Vandy!
eggsngrits@aol.com::Late in getting in on this, but #VandyPride!  Fez will ball.  Wide body, he will clean the glass and play some hard-nosed D.
troy_green1::The rookie can play. Legitimate upside.
ZinBayArea::Cp3 got every whistle all game long...didn't deserve another at the end...
ZinBayArea::W's are a top 5 west team...
xmanfolife::Stay off the pipe....
BarrelRider04::Great game by the Warriors. They could've easily choked that game away down the stretch but they hung tough....BUT, that last play was a joke to a call a charge on CP3 at home??? Should of been a no call. Clippers showed some resiliency to come back from 12 or 14 down or whatever it was with just a few minutes left. I actually thought they were going to do it - that last play should've tied it up. The Clippers of old wouldn't even had made that game close, they would've folded like a lawn chair....
rhoppe28::The Clippers were getting calls all night. Come on maaaaaaaaan! Yall lost... Deal with it!
Rjsyufy::The fact that he is chris paul and the fact that it was at home should have absolutely nothing to do with the call.
oOARaiderOo::Legit call, legit charge. Home or not, the call was right.
WarriorsWarrior::Where can you find this win on espn news?
vusani::Nice game Warriors in spite of sketchy refereeing, Bogut's absence and Rush's injury.  These are the games they used to lose in the last quarter.  Well done.
WarriorsWarrior::Sketchy is a understatement!
Hardaway79::I liked the play where Griffin dives onto Klay Thompson's head, smashing his face into the ground and then complains to the refs when a jump ball gets called.   And Jarret Jack gets called for a technical foul on the play!!!???
kickboy face::When a teammate farts crooked in front of Bogut he gets hurt ...  what a piece of glass ...  yes, they won a game but the Warriors will never get it right ...
belfeliandre::The Western Conference is just too big for them, I agree. They should be fun to watch though!
opieprimavera::The Warriors win the game, yet ESPN shows only Clippers highlights.
SB4LlFE::Lee to Griffin : "STOP FLOPPING".   Griffin is such a disgrace to the NBA.
Omgitzdarren18k::Those are some killer FTA for CP3 lol
Fahim58::came here to check cp3's stats....3-9 and 27 points, 19/20 freethrows..DA FAKK?!??!?!?!?!?!
vikespurplepride21::started playing an online bet system called Sportsbettingstar. Since I started I have made an average profit of $3,000 a month. I hope that this reaches someone that is looking for an online betting system that really works well. I found this system on the 1st page of Google by searching the  words Sports Betting System.  I strongly encourage you to check this out if you bet at all.
Antsea91::91 free throw attempts? holy hell wth was going on?
d_bokk::yea, wtf... 3 for 9 shooting and 27 pts
jasiekforever::everyone keeps saying clippers have the deepest bench .. but actually the warriors do... probably better than their starters
Ustna2::lol
Lavender5226::Didn't see the game but was just checking out all of tonight's action.  What is up with all the free throws?
belfeliandre::Clippers playing home.
derek_510::LMAO that was messed up landry givin' beidrins a shoutout in the postgame interview.  he knows what he did
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Refs tried their best to hand the wins to the Clippers. Sucks about Rush, man our perimeter defense sucks without him.. and is below average even with him.
510baysports::really sux ... but i think warriors deep enough to over come his injury
222222222boomboom444444444::here is the thing. the clippers fans talk wild stuff when they get a regular season win over the lakers and they try and prematurely crown themselves kings of LA. they did the same thing last year but ended up with an egg on there face when the lakers finished the season series 2-1 and had a better record. before you try to take the title of king of LA win something significant. do something impressive as a franchise. when laker fans bring up what the lakers have accomplished you say that's old stuff but what have the clippers accomplished recently to earn that title? a regular season game? they sure weren't better than the lakers last year. so the clippers claim as kings of LA is winning a regular season game against the lakers or having a better record 3 games in? if that's your standards so be it lol.
belfeliandre::Clippers are a very good team, just not a championship one. Let's be honest, they would get trashed against the Heat!
510baysports::Clippers are just now relevant ...about time ?
Agent_Avilaz::?
Agent_Avilaz::funny comment  'if the playoffs started today the lakers wouldn't be in'  gladly the nba season isn't only three games...lol
andrei0810::?
andrei0810::i love you
cock2222::steve blake  should  be  amnesty,eric  bledsoe  more  time,odom should  amnesty,brown and del  negro amnesty,antwan jamison  amnesty,morris  more time,mattbarnes more time,joe johnson amnesty
510baysports::Warriors will contend for a playoff spot !!! Dont take em lightly western conf.
cock2222::my  respect  to   warriors  but  if  they  don't  stay  healthy  they'll   be  irrelavent,they  have  offense,if  they  get  the  defense  tight  and stay  healthy  than there  scary,but  i'm   still   content  with  the  clippers-the  only  team  i   fear  in  the  west  is  spurs  they  always r8pe  us
Agent_Avilaz::....
longgrassgrows::controversial finish...yeah...how about refs calling a foul if a Warrior breathes on a Clipper, namely Paul...yep, pretty controversial
cock2222::yeah cus  clips  beat  the  lakers  with  out chauncy ,grant hill,trey thompkins  and  a coach,wait  ti'll april  an  tell  me  if  the  clippers  blow haha
andrei0810::plus Kobe will never allow Lebron to beat him in the Finals that just won't happen
andrei0810::The lakers are strongest where the Heat are weak..point guard and center so i'm pretty sure we'll be able to beat the Heat
belfeliandre::andrei0810 - The lakers are strongest where the Heat are weak..point guard and center so i'm pretty sure we'll be able to beat the Heat  Not with Howard in constant foul troubles!   And, by the way, Chalmers was not that bad at all last year during the playoffs...
cock2222::youre  dumb  just  like  mike  brown  thats  no  excuse  morris  was  better  than  him,goudelock  last year  was  better,luke  walton  lol  also,u  have  a  dumb  coach,i  hate  del  negro  but  even    laker  fans  know  del  negro&gt;brown,if  phil  jackson was  coach,thats  like  giving  candy  to  a  kid
Agent_Avilaz::nash can drive to the hoop and score..nash has better decision making...blake cant and doesn't....lakers are much better with nash
Agent_Avilaz::I count on him to be healthy 80 percent of the year..lets see how that goes
supe540::You know Nash is ancient don't you.  Can't count on  him to stay healthy all year.
longgrassgrows::Nash is also terrible defensively, too slow and old...younger guards will walk around him and get howard into foul trouble
andrei0810::good enough to beat the Clippers for sure
longgrassgrows::the heat that won the NBA championship last year...doh!
Agent_Avilaz::the heat that lost to new york, or the heat  that almost lost to denver?
longgrassgrows::regardless...not good enough to beat the heat
andrei0810::we didn't have Nash and our point guard was Steve Blake..come on now
longgrassgrows::Nash will make you better...but not that much better
andrei0810::everybody was all high on the Clippers when they beat the Lakers yesterday and they lose to the Warriors....pfff new kings of L.A. my $@%
belfeliandre::The real question still remains: will the future Kings of LA get crowned at the end of the season?  The answer: I don't think so.
cock2222::steve  blake  is  the  wackest point  guard,he  looks  like  he  does  meth
andrei0810::it's gonna come sooner than you think..Kobe ain't taking this for much longer
oczonie::Not with his right foot ready to fall off.  Lakers will be on the verge of wheelchair basketball when all the injuries start to kick in.  Steve Blake leading the way as the premier starting point guard, right.
supe540::Pissing contest in LA.  Who cares. Tonight all about nocal.
andrei0810::Wait till Lakers start rolling buddy then there won't be any question who the king of L.A. is
oczonie::That will be a long wait with Nashty out and Brown still coaching.
oczonie::As if a 0-3 (soon to be 0-4) Laker team are any type of king of L.A.?  Clips own Los Angeles this season.
WarriorsWarrior::I like the fight in this team good "tone"!!!!
Pr0ject_sky::Great game for the Ws 2-0 on the road heading in the right direction. IF Steph and Bogut can stay healthy; playoffs are very possible.
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::Landry's D is NOT as bad as I once feared.
WarriorsWarrior::Underrated more than D Lee
Delontes Alter Ego::I want to see more Bucks. Ellis and Jennings? F ucking slick.
Agent_Avilaz::Jarret Jack &gt; Nate Robinson
C Rod70::As a Warriors fan, if you told me the W's were gonna shoot 39 FT's, I would be happy. Until you told me the other team shot fifty- f u c k in-two. Good game otherwise
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::Can't blame Chris Paul for going SO AGGRESSIVELY to the basket during those final few seconds.  HE knew what most of us viewers at home knew- He was getting almost every single call tonight everytime he drove to the basket.  I think IF Curry didn't have both feet set for an ETERNITY, that would have been a blocking call.
Ellis_Curry::so basically, if it wasnt a charge it wud have been a block. thanks for that insight
Oregon has no sales tax::STEPH CURRY IS A GOD, THE CLIPPERS ARE OVERRATED
belfeliandre::You're getting to emotional, man. His stats do not say so. Really like this player though.
Carbon-based::Look like team this year are going to payback Blake griffin this year , his knee are not going to last 82 games
squillythekid::Horrible calls down the stretch for CP3. Landry was literally running from him and he still got called for a foul. Even with the refs and injuries against them, the Warriors are looking good.
WarriorsWarrior::Warriors have drafted well. We will c!
supe540::Game MVP = Jarrett Jack.  That was a nice little game he put together.
Pr0ject_sky::gotta give it to Carl right now hes the MVP of the team.
supe540::Carl had a real nice game too.
jahlove1261::With Rush out - JJ will become one of the most important Warriors and he will not disappoint - Great win tonight Dubs/
Trev28nba::So Jon Barry died, I won't lose any sleep over that
insiderfreak420::look up "john Barry sucks"
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::huh??!?!?!!?
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::haha
Trev28nba::I thought I got rid of you, goddam it
adonley77::only the clippers would make about 15 references before the game about beating the lakers. what a one-sided "rivalry"
Delontes Alter Ego::Both teams look pretty awful, as far as I'm concerned.
thomas9577::wow...golden state beat the clippers and the refs?  good for them
C Rod70::Yes we did
DoubleV1369::The Warriors out-rebounded the Clippers, in LA, without Andrew Bogut. even as a Warriors fan, i am confused. but a win is a win, and this one was well earned. Go Dubs.
blazerz415::USC &gt; Raiders &gt; Dodgers &gt; Lakers &gt; Clippers
Carbon-based::Ucla 7 banners in a row
Carbon-based::Don't forget the la kings and angles
Carbon-based::Denver 0-3   Keeping up with the lakers
blazerz415::How could you lose at home vs a bad team?  - Lakers
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::Honest Opinion Warriors fans:  RIGHT NOW is Festus Ezelli (having gone 30th) better than Ekpe Udoh (having gone 6th)?
Agent_Avilaz::can't find many 7'0 men that can do what festus does..so far..in a game where the refs aren't destroying it completely, I like him better for the team
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::Now are the Warriors getting better VALUE with Ezelli than they would have with Udoh.  ABSOLUTELY.  You can't teach 7 feet with a massive frame
Pr0ject_sky::Yes Udoh isn't as strong as Festus.
WarriorsWarrior::How is ekpe playing?
Agent_Avilaz::so far..yes
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::now consider that Ekpe Udoh right now is about a 10 point 6 reb guy with great defensive skill set AND halfway decent offensive game.
