Tyler Moss::Lets destroy the Jazz
Jason Schwanke::if favors and williams are out this game probably wont be close. otherwise it could come down to the wire as portland tends to struggle in utah. either way, blazers are simply a much better and more complete team than utah and should win this game
Dave Green::Let's just hope that the Jazz don't let the Blazers hit open threes all night again.
Jason Peters::TRob=8pts,6boards and 2 blocks in 14 mins.....
Cody Palmer::Jazz will probably get blown out again
Dave Joacksom::Jazz fans us blazers fans have had some rough years as well we know how it feels to be scraping by during a season.Good luck to you all.As far as my fellow Blazers fans .....It feels good to see a great product on the floor again...Rip city baby.....Go Blazers
Ryan Strebel::I agree, and the rough and tough rebuilding years are what makes the good ones so good.  I feel bad for the teams who go out and buy their rosters, they don't get to have the same sense of accomplishment as teams who build up with young inexperienced players.
Trevor Scott Alexander::Jazz fans...we know what it's like to be very bad. We were there not too long ago. The good thing about that situation is looking forward to a lottery pick in this stacked draft! You guys might snag Parker, Wiggins, or Randle, all who will be stars, and faces of a franchise.
Brendyn Scott::Do the blazers break another record and shoot 18/23 from three instead of 17/23? Insane. Jazz arent as bad as their record or their last game against Portland.
Taylor Jensen::They need to tank this year so they can get the high caliber draft picks available. There are a few superstar grade players that will be in the 2014 draft and the Jazz need one of those to finish off creating another small market championship team like San Antonio has. They need their own Duncan level player to complete the puzzle and then they will have an amazing team that we can all be proud of and not just another mediocre team that makes the playoffs and never wins a championship.
Isaac Vern Henderson::I'd like to see Barton and Crabbe on the floor more, not just in garbage time, real minutes
Joseph Marlitt::I would prefer to win, so no.
Meron Foto::Wow--- this is pathetic on Portland's part. Why are Robinson and Lopez our only option to score??
Jason Peters::I agree, Portland doesn't hurry up and distance themselves quickly in the 3rd Qtr, their gonna  lose this game.
Adam Taberman::Chad Wiggins, dude calm down. It's a basketball game..
Meron Foto::I'm used to it by now. That's his normal routing on every game. lol
Matthan Schrock::Looking forward to a spirited game of basketball. Go Blazers!
James D. Smith::Portland played with mediocre hustle against Dallas- hope they kick it back into gear.
Jt McKenna::Why play Biedrins over Gobert?  It's obviously a rebuilding year for the Jazz.  So develop the guy that's going to be here next year.  I know that an honest front-office wouldn't tell a coach who to play.  You've got to let your coach try to win, but you've got to try to win with your eye on next year.    It just seems like in so many ways Corbin doesn't get it.  Does not have the spark needed to be a great head coach.
Louis James Flores::Win or not...I'm glad I'm not paying a monthly charge for  season tickets....I don't answer the calls...quit calling me...I won't pay 9.00 bucks for a beer ever again !
Jason Peters::TRob is going to be a big time player one day for some NBA team. Portland should hang on to him. I have watched him play for 3 years at Kansas. Kid is a beast. He is going to fully figure out the NBA and finish the adjustments and he's an All Star.
Jason Peters::I swear to god, if I don't pick Portland, their  up 19 right now on the Jazz, at the very least. I mean Favors and Williams are out for the Jazz, COME ON PORTLAND! Even if those 2 were playing I would tsill see Port up 13 -15 at half.
Justin Reed::Dallas not in your multi are they?
Jason Peters::Justin Reed ..No, I had the over in total pts in the GS/Cha game... I won my parlay though.
Brendyn Scott::Interesting that burks had 20 points and was the only guy really doing anything through three quarters yet he sits the whole fourth in a close game and minutes go to Jefferson. Does Ty want a job?
Meron Foto::So Batum is playing as a scorer, defender and..... a PG this season?? Dude is killing with his passing games this season. Especially his chemistry with Lopez!!
Jesse Hiatt::Would be a nice revenge game to win... but without Favors or Williams, I don't see it happening. Not to mention Hayward will continue to struggle, yet he'll still get 36+ minutes.
Trevor Scott Alexander::This is a big game. Our guys still have that bitter taste of the loss to the Mavs in their mouth and the Jazz don't want to get lit up again so they will come out fired up. We cannot let up on these "gimme" games. A sign of a good team is they bury lesser teams.  Ripcity!
Jason Peters::Mark my word, JAZZ WIN THIS GAME. I am the kiss of death when picking NBA teams to win. Seriously if you have a favorite team, send me your money and ill bet on the other team. NBA is fixed.
Trevor Scott Alexander::Blazers 107- 97
Justin Reed::Calm down buddy, only the 1st Qtr. Portland aren't going to go all Miami on you!!
Ron Schaffer::Jazz have a lot of good players, but no superstars. They need to make a trade, and stop hoping that one of these draft picks will be the next Stockton or Malone.
Logan Scisco::The problem is that it is just hard to attract free agents to Salt Lake City.
Chad Wiggins::the fact that this is a game makes me really wonder what is going on with this league... portland is rediculously better at every position...
Jason Peters::Diff in this game is Portland's 2-11 3pt shots. Portland shouldn't be even taking so may 3s with Aldrige,Lopez and Robinson down low.
Meron Foto::That Batum and Lopez pick n roll is becoming too good to watch. And Batum def is improving on his passing skills.
Chad Wiggins::GO TO HELL STOTTS... THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT... BUM... U LEFT THE SCRUBS IN JUST LONG ENOUGH TO MAKE IT A GAME.. DOING UR PETE ROSE IMPRESSION..
