Mike Wagener::No Duncan, Parker or Ginobili.  This is just one example of how Pop is a great coach, he understands when his older guys need rest.  Also, all pressure is on GS because now the SPURS aren't expected to win.  That said, Spurs win a nail biter by 2.  GO SPURS!
Tatyana Kuptsevich::Who knows, they just might. It should be a fun game regardless who's playing.
Emil E. Matula III::Spurs bench plays extremely well when they're the star attraction.  It will be very interesting to watch.
Kyle Matchell::I hope your right, 8 point lead get the ball to start the 4th great chance
Chris Cano::Haha I love it, a big "screw you" to Stern before he finally retires
Senad Jukic::LOL NICE !!!!!!
Emil E. Matula III::No, that was last year in Miami.  Stern knows better than to schedule that game for TV again.
Kyle Matchell::How bout them spurs second unit and patty looks five yrs better than last yr, he's really come into his own, speed, the divisiveness! I don't expect them to win but the effort will be there PROUD SPURS FAN!!!
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::u and me both buddy
Emil E. Matula III::Pop has to take a chance in the Finals with the younger guys.  Tim, Tony and Manu can't do it all.  Kawhi must become a playmaker and Pop must be comfortable enough to call his name in the clutch.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Pop is universally acknowledged as the best coach in the NBA, but I think he is still criminally underrated. Spurs are so well coached on both ends...
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::i agree
Cody Perin::If anyone has an doubt who the best coach is in the NBA, they should be banned from watching any NBA game at all. Any real NBA fans knows Pop is the best. One of the best ever at any level.
Cody Perin::A doubt**
John Martin::Spurs depth best in the league.
Tommy Romeo::you know nothing about basketball old man.  Learn what a fixed game is.
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Tommy Romeo lol the butthurt is strong in this one.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::Tommy Romeo if golden state won u wouldnt be saying that
Jason Martin::NBA = WWE
Ted Nugent::all pro sports = WWE. They're all nothing more than scripted entertainment!
Randy Dixon::Tonight is exactly why nobody takes golden state serious...you will never win anything with curry and Klay together...NO DEFENSE WHAT SO EVER!!!!
Carl D Hill::0
Geoff Starling::They also gave up 31 pts off turnovers. That didnt help their cause.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::go spurs go. obviously the warriors should win this easily without our best players playing. but hopefully the spurs can keep it close and at the very least give themselves a shot at stealing a close win. well see i just want my spurs to compete and stay as healthy as possible.
Ayn Bland::If the previous game between these two is any indication, the Warriors would win this easily even with the Spurts 'best' players in the lineup.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::Ayn Bland if life is any indication you sir, are an idiot.
Rick Cash::Ayn Bland I guess not!!
Shawn Bento::The Warriors are just a flashy finesse team.  They'll be going nowhere in the playoffs (if they even make it).
Bronya Vogel::How is gs a contender. Don't see it all, at home and have to fight like this vs a SA team missing their 3 best players. Contenders don't struggle at home vs a team that has their 3 best out.
Chris DeBusk::The only problem with your statement is that they nearly beat the Heat in Miami last year when they did this.  And guess what?  Miami won the Title...so think before you type anything.
Bronya Vogel::I did and lime i said gs is not a contender. Oh when did almost count in the NBA, oh yea it doesn't. No matter how you slice it gs is not a contender just a pretender nothing more. Anyone can see that besides bias and blind gs fans. U should think before you speak, toy made argument of how they are contender just talked about a game from a past season that's it nothing else. Smh kids these days.
Bronya Vogel::Oh and thanks for the laugh trying to compare gs with Miami. That is just stupid to do.
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Yes, the NBA is totally willing to risk the legitimacy of their entire league, just to make Las Vegas happy for one regular season game. Because after all, it makes so much sense from a marketing stand point to screw over a young, up and coming team for an old one that a lot of people describe as boring (not I). Yeah, Golden State fans have got the NBA conspiracy figured out... D-e-l-u-s-i-o-n-a-l
Vas Mehr::David Stern will bring a string of harsh punishments for Coach Pop: 1) Getting in the bus too early in Mexico. I reckon 5k fine for that 2) Once again having the Top 3 starters resting in the regular season without Stern's permission? 100k fine! ^^ 3) Messing up Stern's plans of having Miami Heat win their 3rd NBA Title? PRICELESS! XD
Bronya Vogel::It will not be the Spurs winning the finals. So #3 is pointless.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::Bronya Vogel u never know. anything is possible
John Martin::Vas you talkin' 'bout Vas?  It was a different situation.  Pay attention to what is happening and get your head out of your butt.
Robert Price::The Spurs could have Barbara Bush and Brian Boitano running the back court and they'd still win.
Emil E. Matula III::GREAT GAME SPURS!!    (Let's play the bench on Saturday!). :)
Fred Behney::What do the call the Spurs without officiating help ??   LOSERS   LOL
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::lol always making excuses
Tyron Paul S. Cabalit::So Fred, you would prefer SA's 2nd stringers bury GS in OT?! WTF!! GS has no reason to take it in OT in the first place!
Nash Middleton::Grow a pair buddy.  Tool.
Polo Max::You gotta love the spurs.
Musti Unver::Spurs too good for Gstate
Sawyer Fletcher::Naww, just too old lol
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::Sawyer Fletcher older, but still winning :)
Sawyer Fletcher::Jerry Ryuzaki Word that's why they lost to the heat in the finals lol
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Warriors need a bench and they need to start playing inside out like they did last year. They had Jarret Jack who was the only guy who could consistently get in to the paint. If you can't get guards to penetrate, let your offensively talented bigs post up, especially David Lee.  It's okay to rely on the three, but not when you have no inside presence. Also, there's no reason Klay Thompson shouldn't be a really good defender, he's just lazy. Mark Jackson needs to get this team playing like a team like they did against the Nuggets last year in the playoffs... If he keeps letting Curry and Thompson play hero ball, it's going to be a quick playoff exit if they even get there.  Just my two cents, I just can't understand for the life of me why Jackson doesn't have his team playing from the inside out, must be frustrating for Warriors fans.
Aking Balintataw::Mason, I think they already got the bench.   I just don't know why Jackson always plays his stars into exhaustion... Their bench is talented, they just need playing time.
Mason Wesley Lloyd::Aking Balintataw Who is a good player that comes off the bench for the Dubs? I'm talking someone who could start, but doesn't because there needs to be a spark off the bench. All good teams have that guy (commonly referred to as 6th man) and I just don't know who it is for the dubs
John Martin::Mason:  You can lead a horse to water but you can't make him play inside out.  Jackson is a good coach but NBA players have huge egos and do what they want,
Emil E. Matula III::"If you're Poppovich, you have 3 scorers you can rely on..."  DON'T FORGET ABOUT THEM LATER IN THE SEASON.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::THIS^^
Shawn Bento::That tip was clean.  Warriors fans, your team isn't that great and will barely finish .500.
Geoff Starling::Agreed. But the sledge hammer loose ball foul by Splitter to set it up wasnt clean. And I'm not a GS fan. It was a bad blown call. But they happen. Got to win by more than in a basket in this league, Spurs caught a break. It happens.
Shawn Bento::Geoff Starling, not only should have GS won by more than one basket, they should have beaten the Spurs by double digits.  GS did not prove anything to me tonight other than they can hit a few threes.
Ryan Thunderson Bogert::I was at the game and it was one of the worst officiated games I have ever seen with a CLEAR bias towards the Spurs. One spur got away with jumping to shoot the ball, changing his mind, landing, and passing the ball 3 seconds later. Not only did they miss the most obvious travel ever, they called a foul on us where our guy made ZERO contact with him. Just one example of about 10-15 awful calls throughout the game. Refs you suck chants started throughout the stadium and the booing and incredulity was constant. Refs 104 - Warriors 102
Jared Johnson::The Spurs scored 0 points? A little harsh don't you think? Haha. Also, was the Warriors' ability to take care of the ball as bad as it looked on TV?
Ryan Thunderson Bogert::The warriors played sloppy but if the refs were officiating fairly the warriors win by 10-15. So many phantom foul calls
Alice Soefje::Ryan Thunderson Bogert I guess you missed those bad calls that went against the Spurs. Of course you did. Fans who blame the refs never see any fouls unless they go against their team.
Donn Fisher::Let's see, your opponent is playing without it's 3 best players. Your starting PF scores 32 points. Your starting PG has 15 assists. Your starting center has 18 rebounds. And you still cannot figure out a way to win the game. Sad. Mark Jackson is an overrated coach.
Tommy Noonan::Pop is one of the best coaches of all time. Everyone talks about how great Duncan is but he would be another decent/solid PF with out Pop. Pop is what made him great along with the rest of them because winning championships is what makes you truly great and with out him as a coach all of those guys are just solid players
Mason Wesley Lloyd::He wouldn't have the same amount of championships as he does, that's for sure... As far as being a different player, I don't completely buy it.
Tommy Noonan::Sekou Garrett, far from nothing, but far from what he is. Pop gets the most out of every position on the floor. The Spurs have always been a well oiled machine. They are far from a team that has been carried by one player. Many teams in the NBA depend drastically on one or two players and although Duncan and Parker are the most important players on the Spurs, It is Pop who makes them work. There are many coaches out there that seemed to be carried by super star power, Pop is not one of them. Their GM deserves a ton of credit as well
Thomas Colon::WTH you drinking? Tim a decent/solid PF with out Pop???!?!?!  There was a reason he was a number 1 pick. Best PF ever. With or without Pops help.
Tom Totosz::Wow. Mark Jackson lost this game for them. How do you have Draymond Green in the game and Lee on the bench in that situation? If Lee was in they don't lose on that play. Golden State out coached big time tonight. Popp beating GS without his top 3 just shows you how good of a coach he is.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::if warriors win the nba is not rigged. the spurs win the nba is rigged. wow nice "unbiased" "objective" comments here. i guarantee if gsw would have won the nba being rigged talk wouldnt be taken place. go spurs go :)
Marcleen Bavogui::welcome .. if the best team wins its because of the refs , if they lose they suck or are too old
