whatsanoa::Rookie Of The Year, hands down. Anthony Davis ain't got nothing on him
Dame Lillard::Only elites can make that shot.
CBass1317::I love Monty Williams.  I wish he was the Blazers coach.  But man did he blow that.  Even casual fans know you can catch and shoot in .3.    And why would you practice executing a play at the rim when the opposing defense knows to remain at the 3 point line?
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::hey blazers fans.. congrats on getting this kid.. finally got a pick right.. this dude is sick.. congrats and gl..... THUNDER UP!!
hoseknows21::the kid reminds me so much of DRose
SteveNashForMVP::Still trying to get over this Brandon Roy, Greg Oden ish. Thank you Lillard for making it easier, you give me the same hope I felt when BRoy came into this league. I feel good about this team again, maybe the path we are going down is right this time. I don't think I'll ever feel the same about a player as I did for Roy, if I were to though, it would be for Damian Lillard. Go Blazers!
Minnysota Vikings::Congrats to Batum for the first 5x5 game since AK47 did it in 2006.
earlealston::"The Lakers are going to be dominant this season." "Knicks are old and even crappier than the C's." "Nothing can save the Heat from the reloaded Celtics' bench." "Jason Terry is better than Ray Allen." "The Heat are going to coast all season." "Anthony Davis is a shoo-in for ROY. It's not even close."  I wonder what all of these thoughts have in common? LMAO
hoseknows21::jason terry is better than ray allen
Im Ignorant::Is this kid the new derrick rose?
hoseknows21::he's got the poise of derrick rose though
Liquidplumrman::The former Derrick Rose..... let's see what Rose looks like when he comes back from injury. He might not be the same player.
mattybombatty333::Chauncey Billups faster
Liquidplumrman::Less explosive, more of a controlled PG, better shooter.
Barry660314::Typical sh*t.
KevinOllieSaves::If Lin is an Allstar... Lillard starts
_Amaru::dang, Batum had a five by five, good job!
roll_n_riot::Lillard cold blooded, look at the reaction after the shot
127decibels::Why not? Babbit set a perfect screen and Lillard had a quick shot. That shot gets off almost every time and it was over  a what - 6-9 player? The defense would have to be perfect to switch in time to get a man in his face.
sworthin117::too bad the shot should never have happened
Liquidplumrman::The shot shouldn't have happened because the Blazers shouldn't have let the lowly Pelicans back into the game.
dmanman88::can't even vote Lillard into the all-star game... wtf
CBass1317::He'll start the rookie / soph game.  That is where he belongs this year and it will be exciting to watch him play.
buddybear::but it doesn't show up with the others once you vote. how do we know it made it in the voting.
Future Primitive::You can write him in.  It's down at the bottom.
Rip City Forever::Lillard is showing signs of the old b Roy reincarnated
127decibels::Without the injuries...
brownbear541::what a shot from lillard. awesome. too awesome
brownbear541::wow nice bs foul call on batum's block on davis with 6:08 left. wow. that was a block. all ball, up against the glass. please...
Rip City Forever::That call was fu-cked up
DISandDAT6::Batum's defensive presence this year is f'in awesome.. especially on transition
brownbear541::i was watchin the football game earlier so i recorded it. im watching it now, so i just saw that play i mentioned. thats ridiculous. they were just talkin bout his blocking ability. he's gotten so damn good at it. he's getting better and better. i like it.
p1kaygee::Anthony who?
brownbear541::well i just saw nic batum dunk on him.   get that unibrow out the way!
OmniVersal::Davis. And does it matter? Both he and Lillard are on lottery teams
SteveNashForMVP::So was LeBron for 2 years. I hate the dude, but he is an elite player, capable of taking a terrible team and making them great. So I suppose it does matter.
mattybombatty333::Bottm 4 in West wide open.
Rip City Forever::I thought the blazers would be lottery bound at first. But they are 9th right now and could very well make it
sk0dawgs::maybe so, but the blazers and pelicants are incomparable
Isemann2::Lillard reminds me alot of Terry Porter.  He came from a small school and was instructed in how to play the game correctly. The only difference is Porter only started 3 day, while playing 79 in his rookie year, and Lillard is running the team from day 1.  He has proven that he deserves the ROY, so far this season.  If he maintains the development as he is,  he will be a All-Star in the near future and Portland with strong young core of Aldridge, Batun and Babbitt will be a force in the near future.
p1kaygee::Babbitt's actually not that bad... kinda like an undeveloped shane battier
bojo87::Babbitt is why this team does not have chris paul... literally. Look up draft day trades and make the track, instead of getting paul we trade back, grab martell then later on in his career trade him for a pick to select babbitt... he cant play defense, he is too slow, and his only strength is shooting three's when he is open, hes not bad, hes just not good
CBass1317::Babbit is like a poor man's matt bonner.  And matt bonner is not wealthy.
127decibels::I'm kinda like an underdeveloped Shane Battier too...way underdeveloped.
RipChipCity::Babbitt?  LOL come on maaaaaan.  But yes, Lillard is going to be a lot of fun to watch for years
tennisfanatic0123::im just glad to see J.J. Hickson put some big numbers   he is my boi since high school since we both went to high school together
OmniVersal::Word? I went to high school with Ray Rice and Kevin Love frequents the Bed, Bath &amp; Beyond that my mother goes to.
ilovecheese0707::hope fu.kking harbaugh dies of heartattack very soon
ilovecheese0707::fu.kking hope harbaugh dies of heartattack very soon.
ilovecheese0707::fu.kking hope harbaugh dies of heartattack very soon
ilovecheese0707::http://vipbox-us.chatango.com
bshowers79::It's funny to read some of the posts saying Lillard is all hype….
ilovecheese0707::fu.kking hope harbaugh dies of heartattack very soon
ilovecheese0707::fu.kking hope harbaugh dies of heartattack very soon
ilovecheese0707::fu.kking hope harbaugh dies of heartattack very soon
ilovecheese0707::fu.kking hope harbaugh dies of heartattack very soon
ilovecheese0707::fu.kking hope harbaugh dies of heartattack very soon
ilovecheese0707::fu.kking hope harbaugh dies of heartattack very soon
ilovecheese0707::fu.kking hope harbaugh dies of heartattack very soon
ilovecheese0707::fu.kking hope harbaugh dies of heartattack very soon
ilovecheese0707::hi
ilovecheese0707::fu.kking hope harbaugh dies of heartattack very soon
ilovecheese0707::hi
ilovecheese0707::fu.kking hope harbaugh dies of heartattack very soon
ilovecheese0707::fu.kking hope harbaugh dies of heartattack very soon
OffensiveRebounds::LILLARD!!!!
bergster391::Lillard is a stone cold assassin! ROY for sure!
OmniVersal::Batum, Aldrige and Lillard are a great core to build around.
brownbear541::no doubt. and same with hickson. lets sign him for another three year deal. keep that going. he's playing great.
chris99171::JJ Hickson is pretty good, too!
OmniVersal::And the Hornets GM should be fired for drafting Austin Rivers
Whitemamba-Celia Cruz Pick and Roll::ur stupid. if anything blame vasquez. NO WAY he should shoot 20 times in a single game.... EVER
lake_405::You obviously have some type of mental disability the guy almost records a triple double shooting close to 50% and you blame a loss on him.
WestCoastSuperiority::Why?  That's where he was going in mock drafts.
OmniVersal::The ONLY reason he was going that high was because of that buzzer beater on UNC. Other than that he really did nothing.
RichardSimmonsBich::Greasy-Vasquez is a complete moron
dispatcher44::WTF?  Davis lobs to Thomas at the rim for two.  With 0.3 seconds left in the game.  What?  No three-prayer to tie it?  I’m completely lost again.  All equilibrium is gone.  and this is the hornets paper talking     christ why do people make excuses  they shot the 2 to cover simple as thaat   no team in there right mind is gonna shoot a 2 they will at least try for the 3
buddybear::They were hoping for a foul on the play so they could tie it at the line. Easier than trying to inbound and shoot a three when coverage by the Blazers was so tight.
dispatcher44::did you ever see games where there is about 8 seconds left and nobody does anything they just dribble it out    why do they do that  cause its a blowout and no spread  needs to be covered
dispatcher44::there is no ref gonna call a foul on that play  but nice try
luanxiaona::It is possible to get off a 3 pointer in that much time.
luanxiaona::Clutch Klutz - It's impossible to catch and release a shot in .3 by a human being, period. Not just a 3 pointer.  It's possible to fling the ball off a pass though, why not try?
Clutch Klutz::They didn't just want to quit without doing anything. There's a glimmer of hope in tip in + drawing a foul.
dispatcher44::thats what im saying if its impossible to get a 3 pt shot off why even shoot
Clutch Klutz::It's impossible to catch and release a shot in .3 by a human being, period. Not just a 3 pointer.
dispatcher44::why you think the refs took 10 minutes to put .3 on the clock    chrip its so obvious
bergster391::What was with the flagrant fouls??? bad calls on both sides of the ball too!
Hunt0123::Chrip?
Khadeam2::I've never seen refs go check if there is time left like that and if you're monty williams, are you serious??? But you're right.
Hunt0123::Hoping for an old fashioned 3-point play
dispatcher44::yeah and like any nba ref is gonna call a foul on that play
kazam92::In what world is Hickson Player of The Game? Great game, but 5X5's are extremely rare. Kudos to Batum
Oregon_Ducks49::Did you see Hickson's statline???????
GeoffxFox::yeah got batum on my fantasy and needed those blocks and steals, also those 3 pointers helped, great game to the both of them
OmniVersal::Nice to see the CP3 trade ended up working well for the Hornets lol
marat 2.0::Just kidding.
marat 2.0::There were two Jareds playing at the same time.
marat 2.0::0:25	 	92-92	Jared Jeffries enters the game for LaMarcus Aldridge 0:00	 	92-95	Jared Jeffries enters the game for Luke Babbitt
Buezejones::Lillard is just amazing!.
OmniVersal::Down by 3 go for a 2 point shot. Hornets logic.
Chuck Spears::Tap the ball toward the ring in 0.3 like a volleyball setup. That can be done. Better than going for a 2. That was....odd.
goldtedz::a fix is a fix.  <b> NOTICE the REFS didn't spend ANY time looking if the shot went in in time..</b>
Clutch Klutz::Probably because it didn't matter. It was close though
Hunt0123::well it was pretty obvious...
Boltzsixonenine::Their crooks in New orleans thats why... says all in their record... extra money for the players...
dispatcher44::vegas logic
Clutch Klutz::What was the spread?
Clutch Klutz::.3 seconds, no time to get a shot off. What they did was a tip in layup. Probably hoping for a foul. Best you can do, IMHO
Clutch Klutz::http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20070322185530AAfmlvD  Here's a discussion about .3 vs.4
Clutch Klutz::That was .4 seconds. You can get a shot off in .4
OmniVersal::Can't? Ask Derek Fisher about that.
Clutch Klutz::You can't get a shot off in .3 seconds. Don't you know basketball? You can only tip it in. You can't tip in a 3pter
Hunt0123::Thank you
OmniVersal::No best you can do is a 3 point shot IMHO
