Jody George Prats::These kids don't seem to understand I'm here to get my shots up and that's it. Meeks, Henry and Young think this is about winning games? Kids need to wake up and pass me the ball. I'm on the clock and I ain't tryin to be late.    --Kobe Bryant
Billy Lambert::I'm just here to hate on the 5 time champ because I ain't got nothing else to do.  -Jody G. Hates
Steve Blesson::Billy Lambert Horry has 6 rings, just so you know.
Joon Yi::Steve Blesson Horry got rings but he was only a support player. Don't be jealous because LA has one of the best player ever
Samit Jain::kobe makes teams worse
Jordan Baschnagel::oh... so he made the 2000-2003 lakers and the 09 and 10 teams worse? and he made the the 2005-2006 lakers team worse right? the one with smush parker, ronny turiaf and kwame brown? u remember right? the one that made it to the playoffs somehow on his 35 ppg? Or how about his team usa performance in 2008 where he basically was the reason they won against spain.... right. he makes teams worse
Wayne Seidel::Jordan Baschnagel that was then this is now
Jordan Baschnagel::Wayne Seidel 1. that would be a valid point if the comment in which i was responding too wasnt referring to kobe making teamS worse. meaning past teams... and 2. that would also be a valid point if they were playing this horrible when he WASNT in his second game coming off seven months of intense rehabilitation which very much so did NOT include basketball activities until about a month ago... but yea ur right
Leland Wong::Kobe does not make a difference in a game , has been that way for 17 years, he plays well for himself not the team. He is no Magic, MJ, Bird nor LBJ. Don't put him too high in the pedestal, he is a good player and that is it.
Andreo Miller::lol
Randy Margrave::Are you stupid or are you stupid?
Austin Gilbreath::Nor lbj this is funny lebrick couldn't win in clevland so he had to be put around supestars lol
Ahmeen Ghani::Kobe ball hog..... Interesting. 27.3points 5.6reb 6.0assist 1.4stl. 6 assist doesn't  solidify ball hog. Some people forget his position is shooting guard. Shooting is his Job. And despite What some say..Kobe plays at a high level. And half of you kobe critics have never played at his level, and let Alone played basketball period. 30 thousand points speaks volumes. Just pay homage to a great basketball player..and stop making yourself look like cry babies
Steve Carroll::No doubt Kobe has the numbers, but there's also no doubt he forces shots when he has open team mates.
Ahmeen Ghani::That's what makes him Kobe. Like babe Ruth said...."swing big..miss big. Just as many forced, twice as many maid. The NBA would have been boring without the likes of Kobe...in the bright lights of the lakers. Didn't like Karl Malone...but I respect the chit out of him...speaking of him contributions to the game...
Carlos Redmond::Gotta luv it ,he is back !
Hoang Nguyen::if the lakers win tonight its because of kobe if the lakers lose tonight its because of everybody else
Allan Olavidez::couldn't agree more, it's all glory for Kobe and all the blame to the teammates... smh
Jerry Gallegos::Box score..? Or is Kobe hogging that too..?
Matthew T. Brown::You're an idiot man.. He's shot the ball 9 times.. GTFO here.
Stephen Reb::and made most of those, not to mention the 10 assists.
Jono Gibbs::Stephen Reb only 3 assists even look at the box score
Brian Robbins::Double-double for Kobe tonight. 10 points - 10 turnovers
Jared Keller::Double-double for Brian Robbins tonight. 10 hatred comments toward Kobe-10 fails at making any sense
Mark Platon::He's 12 forgive him....
Sai Kong::It is one of the greatest myths in Nba history. Kobe Bryant as an all time top 10 player. He has been a great player but grossly overrated. 1 mvp in 20 years. Barely .500 with Dwight Howard. Losing years in his 3 absolute prime years. Coattailed 3 rings with Shaq. Singlehandedly gave the Pistons a ring.
Mark Platon::You made me laugh thanks.....Cipllers suck,,,,,
Tim Stratton::And yet the myth will live on forever. Look at all these comments saying "20 points on 50%+ shooting. He's back at it!" as if the Lakers DIDN'T just lose 2 games in a row at home to poor teams.
Corey Sharer::Tim Stratton and yet you make it easier to see you were not watching the lakers nor heard about the lakers when we were going into the season. they ranked us 12th, so the team went 10-9 to prove we will fight no matter what or who we face. they needed a closer for some of those loses and now that kobe is back they have the closer for them he is just trying to get into game shape, so when he has a turnover its mostly cause he is passing it more rather then shot it more but why would people like trolls like you care all you care is criticizing left from right, face it hes worth the money he got, i rather have kobe and not have pau whos been playing since day 1 and has hardly helped the team with his horrible miss shots.
Anthony Matheu::Quit blaming Kobe, Lakers have no perimeter defender that can defend the PG, Bledsoe and Draic were driving at will, Farmar is a valuable piece to the Lakers and Steve Blake can't keep up with the younger, faster PG's, Gasol is not a great low-post defender and Jordan Hill has been in a slump as of late. Wesley Johnson is a very good defender but he has to guard the 2, 3, and 4 every night so it wears him down, I think they need to trade/sign for an athletic PF that plays defense and rebounds. Nash needs to retire, Kaman needs to be traded.
Darryl Hoytt::Wow nice analysis plus I forgot Kaman was on the team
Peter Peterr::Nash retire? Lakers fans say Nash is their savior lol
Gino Foggia::Peter Peterr lol Who ever said Nash our savior? Put the pipe down son!
George Riley::OK, why is there no box score?
Thuy Vincent Nguyen::No box score?
Juan Carlos Ng::there was a glitch.
Saleem Siddiqui::go Suns!
Klaniou Roulous::Gonna take like 10-15 games to regain rhythm n sync and shed 10lbs. Looks heavy n slow. Mamba legend out there. Respect. To all the non respectful trolls, please go somewhere else.
Darryl Hoytt::my thoughts exactly he has that layer of fat you get when not playing regularly.
Gino Foggia::Lakers finally have the youth that are producing nightly off the bench, they are impressive.. Not only that but youngsters are leading NBA in pts off the bench 50..
Gregory Dixon::that will change that Kobe is back
Charles Burton::Second game back off a 9 month layoff due to Achilles tear and Kobe still drops 20, on 50 percent shooting and took only 11 shots while going 8 for 8 from the charity strike. I would say Kobe is on his way back. What all these young guys on the lakers roster need to do is start playing some defense. Lakers are in the top 10  in the league in scoring but 29th in points allowed. I would like to see less 100 point games and more defense.
Steve Blesson::So Kobe shouldn't be playing defense as well? Goran Dragic had 31 points on him dude!
Dick Pie::Drops 20 while letting the Suns SG drop 31... Way to go, Kobe!
Adrien Duc-Henderson::Steve Blesson He was guarding tucker you f-ing moron, check the box score..
Jody George Prats::First half update.... Dragic laughing at Kobe while running down the court. He actually slowed down and waved Kobe up as if to say c'mon old man I'm waiting.
Kirk Logue::The only way to get Kobe close to what he used to be a year ago is to play him. Practice only does so much. Guys might take it easy on him in practice fearing he might re-injure himself. Throw him in the fire and see what he can do. He can only get better from here
Tim Stratton::It's hilarious that there are ANY up voted comments on this board that say something to the effect of "Kobe's back!" He's back alright. They were above .500 a couple nights, now he's back and they're below .500. The two games lost AT HOME to get them there? Raptors and Suns. WOW.
Tim Stratton::* Raptors w/o Rudy Gay. Excuse me.
Brandon Bove::Tim Stratton  Suns are obviously allot better than you give them credit for.
Anthony Matheu::People need to actually watch the games, Lakers offense is very good, Kobe is just getting his timing back and he has never played with so many guys who can create and knockdown shots since the 3peat era. Their weak spots are defending the point guard and defending in the post. Hate to say it but losing Dwight in the middle hurt but Jordan Hill has to step up. Scoring 108pts (more than what they have been averaging) and they have been bad on D all year long to the things I pointed out. Shawne Williams is not a 4, Gasol is not a shot-bloacker, Jordan Hll is not an Elite Defender and Sacre is still developing. This was an issue when Dwight left, when Dwight was here it was the offense but now its the defense.
Peter Peterr::atleast you watch the games and call it right, missing dwight hurts the Defense.  But when Kobe was out, Lakers were run and gunning and shooting 3s...last 2 games, they slowed it down a bit and played half court where kobe can do his thing.
Peter Peterr::with Kobe back in the lineup, Lakers now have to find a new identiy. What and how they want to play, do they wanna keep run- gunning and shooting 3s or do they slow it down for Kobe in the half court for his iso offense.
Anthony Matheu::They are just breaking him into the offense, he dropped 20 points and everyone else flourished, Blake ran the point great but your not going to win when you give up 114points and get blown by and giving up easy buckets at the rim.
David Andaya Palafox::Lakers can score, but that defense they have is just terrible!!!!
Steve Blesson::and Kobe back made it worst on the perimeter defense.
Kevin Byrd::lol.. dragic.. what a flop.
Taylor Hansen::31 points :) suck on that
Dick Pie::Dragic is bigtime.  Hornacek has turned him into an All-Star.
Jody George Prats::These kids don't seem to understand I'm here to get my shots up and that's it. Meeks, Henry and Young think this is about winning games? Kids need to wake up and pass me the ball. I'm on the clock and I'm not tryin to be late.    --Kobe Bryant
Justus Gaphardt::Nick Young about winning? Funny. Your right though. Because him saying he defines success by rings means he's a selfish ballhog.
John Starkey::Hey the ball hog is back.  the drama queen is back from his injury let everyone stop and pay homage as the world can not revolve without Kobe.
Mike Dixon::11 shots in 29 minutes is ball hogging?
John Starkey::He is still getting his feet under him wait until he starts putting up 20-25 shots in order to get 40 points while his team mates stand around and watch.
Corey Sharer::John Starkey then would that be on the teams fault for watching him? in basketball you are told not to watch but seeing how you say they do then its the coach and teams fault since they do not even know the basic of basketball. ps do you say the same thing when lebron scores 40? or westbroke, durant, curry, etc. why is kobe so special?
Cali Native::The KH* club just got bigger tonight.  As a Lakers fan and Kobe fan, I welcome it.  Kobe Haters
Sagar Rajput::I wonder how Kobe won all those championships because according to most people on here, when he plays the Lakers lose. Hmm, interesting
Brian Robbins::You must learn to turn the page. The Laker championship days are gone. Please update your calendar and note that the Lakers had won 3 road games in succession and had won 6 of their last 8 without Kobe. Currently the team is 0-2, at home, under the leadership of Kobe.
Sagar Rajput::Brian Robbins - So your basing this off what? Two games? Thats too small of a sample size to make any kind of assessment on this team or on him. Please note that the team had to learn how to play without having one of the greatest players of all time.
Tyler Alexander::Brian Robbins He's not 100% yet and he has a lot of new teammates with whom to gel. Patience. They're not a championship caliber team this year but they're also not worse off with Kobe.
Chad Wiggins::pudding slow foot pau is the reason that rebound wasnt corralled. he is trash.... sell him cheap just to get him gone
Samit Jain::hater
Gino Foggia::#2 GOAT KoBE starting to get in a grove.. give him 10-15 games he will be back to dominating the NBA
Jody George Prats::k bye
Ian Melendres::back dominating the NBA since? haha
Tim Stratton::He won't dominate the NBA. You have to win to do that. 0-2 at home to the Suns and Rudy Gay-less Raptors. $1000 says they'll do worse over the next 19 games than their 1st 19. That is if D'Antoni doesn't get some sense and bench Kobe.
