Larry K. Hartley::Down 20 and they haven't had their best shooter off the bench yet...THIS SEASON.   Where do they find these coaches!!
Shawn Bento::Jimmer is the savior of this once proud franchise.  jk nothing can save the queens
Khoo Wee Sheng::When each piece of Golden State 'clicks' together, it's scary.
Tracy Wong::look forward to see Kings at the playoff !!!
John Martin::Yeah it will be great. You can make the trip from Sacto to Oakland in about 90 minutes.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::John Martin - Playoffs or not, warriors can only dream about even reaching western conference finals, let alone making the finals and beating Miami. Only real contenders from west are Houston, clippers, Oklahoma, and spurs. Basketball Has changed alot since your days, not the 60's anymore.
Terry Melvin::Wait about 10 years and you might get your wish
Travis Pavich::GS 196 Sacramento 156  No defense and nothing but run and gun!
Ernest Bagdasaryan::LOL that would be one for the ages, kings actually stepped up there defense by a big margin thanks to coach malone. I see this game being around 100-110 score zone. Final prediction, kings defense ends up being alot better then warriors, and Sacramento wins 109-101.
Connor Coffey::Hahahahahah that's funny!
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Connor Coffey KINGS won 4 of last 5 games vs warriors.
Michael Fay::Jimmer to the Jazz and playing time and 15 points and 7 assists a game, count on it....
Sandra Pubchara::goldon state good team
Jay Dee::Is Jimmer in yet?
Larry Anderson::Is Jimmer traded yet?
Jay Dee::Great Game Jimmer..... You helped bring on a comeback at the end!!!
Alicia Narae Miller::As a Golden State fan I am always worried when we play Sacramento.  They always give the Dubs more trouble than they should. I think the Kings won 3 of 4 last season. Happy to see them get the win last night. This is going to be a fun season.
Terry Melvin::As an ex-Sonics fan, the 'Staters are now my team. They are fun to watch!
Antonio Omar Negron::I'm hoping for the Warriors to take this one. Can't really say who will walk away with it though.
Steven Anacker::I speak Sacramentan. Jimmer jimmer. Jimmer jimmer jimmer.
Gale Sindico::where's the high powered offenses now?  Someone pulled the plug?  Vegas
Bryan Michael Keaton::I know we're winning but the turnovers got to stop!!! Go warriors!!
Brent Doty::Im pretty sure jimmer could do better than 1 for 8 shooting... Isiah
Brent Doty::Make that 1 for 9.
Jolene Murphy Campbell::How about 3 for 17 between the two PG's?  Now that's ugly! And how about that D we keep hearing about?
Brad Myer::I'm excited to see the bogut cousins battle tonight. Go dubs!!!
Keith Dennis::warriors  win  this  game   by  15  pts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Keith Dennis::Vegas says 10.5.. Kings always play the Warriors tough and have won 3 of the last 4.
Jeffrey Hood::huh?
