Wolvesfan3::Even before the injury, Brandon Roy just has not looked right so far this season.  He just has no speed anymore playing on those two broken knees.  I''m not 100% confident his come back is going to be succesfull.   think once Love and Rubio are back, it may be time to package up Derrick Williams + one of the other PGs (Barea or Ridnour) and try to trade for a starting SG.
aa1401::If T-Wolves stay afloat till Love gets back..then Rubio later...I think they might be a team that will upset a higher seed in the playoffs..Look out
PocketProtectorGuy::I disagree with this because I think if the Wolves can go .500 until Love gets back, they won't be upsetting anyone in the 1st round, because they will be the higher seed.
Lets try this again::My hope was .500 ball until Love and Rubio come back then ride that to a 7 seed....I'm not sure how to handle early success like this
VANJON08::We have been waiting a long time for this Wolves Fans, I don't see us taking many L's once Love,Rubio,and JJ are back. To quote what someone said on the forum last night  "we better start losing some games if we want to be a fringe playoff team".    Go Wolves!!
travismadsen55::Timbertrolls at it again
The Power of Love 42::.
The Power of Love 42::.
Blake52908::Great Game , this has to be the most unselfish team ive seen! Time to order my Dante Jersey!
ibnfrey::Go Wolves! :)
dontknowdee::Guys that can pass and play team ball bring out the best in the rest of the guys on the floor. Even when the team is behind, they have the potential to make that sweet, beautiful play that draws players together. This is what Rubio did for the Wolves last year, and Shved and AK are doing now. The three highlight plays ESN showed were two assists from Shved and the winner from AK to Bud. Get Rubio back in there, and you have, arguably, the best passing team in the NBA, and potentially the best TEAM ball since the 76-77 Blazrs.
DakWolves::I love how were 4-1, without 2 of the best players at their position and playing better D than the amazingly coached Bulls defense and I have to scroll through ESPN to find anything
ChiSoxCheeseHead::Dear ESPN: There is a difference between 0.08 seconds and 0.8 seconds.  When I read the headline I was slightly incredulous.
The Power of Love 42::wait that can't be right haha
The Power of Love 42::ball inbounded with .8 and the shot went in at .08
MikeRowe1525::Wolves playing good ball without Kevin Love. Will be interesting to see how the chemistry works when he comes back.
cartercandy233::Serious cat thinks Timberwolves are a top 4 team in the west this year.
norag1::Difference between Wolves and Pacers. Wolves have 2 top players out and refuse to make it an excuse. It is awesome!
minny snowta::wolves are impressive, just an overall good game with everyone contributing.  it is exceptionally impressive they are doing it without Love, Rubio and Barea and Roy left the game early tonight.  Wolves will be a 6th seed atleast if they can keep this up consistently because when Love and Co. comes back....BOOM!!
Steve_Urkel_::Pacers suck!
dustay2121::We better start losing if we want to be a fringe playoff team
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::Rubio will have a slow start, and I bet....trolls come to Wolves board every game.
MNfreakTim::The mavs fans were butt hurt because we beat them often last year
dogs::yup. every game trolls are here.
PoRtEr_24::Mavs blow
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::Why did Mavs fans troll you guys..?  I have no idea
dogs::Yea. We had very intense boards with mavs fans lol.
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::I saw a lot of mavs trolls on ur board last season.....
SGO DucksnBlazers::Roy leaving after the first half with sore knees? Uh oh! Where have I heard this before?
dogs::He should return next game so we will be fine ;)
drewjohnson09::on paper, this timberwolves roster looks like a bunch of misfits and outcasts. on the court, they keep on winning even without their two best players who could easily be all-stars. they'll be exciting to watch when rubio and k-love come back!
Dsk954::agreed dogs.  you should get a wolf pic dogs.
dogs::agreed drew. you should get a cat pic drew.
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::When will Rubio return?
dogs::4 weeks i heard/late december
BHalbach10::Pretty concerned with Roy leaving early... hopefully the comeback isn't cut drastically short.
licknibby::hopefully this is the wolves just 'playing it safe,' but this does not bode well considering we a mere five games in to the season.  he is planning on traveling to chicago in case his knee feels good enough to play.
arenal11::relax dude, he smacked knees w/someone, same knee he smacked in practice last week.  it has nothing to do w/his past knee problems.
eototalt::It's just small soreness. Everyone knew that would happen. Most people had him for probably 60 games.
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::Can't wait for Wolves to take over Northwest
dogs::The less respect the Wolves get the better. I'd rather be the underdog than the favorite.
eototalt::tru dat dawg
eototalt::lol
dogs::ya dawg. Espn be jackin r swagga.
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::can any one explain to me why is wolves fans have cat pictures
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::thxs
eototalt::Last season a troll was making fun of PhilMNAP for having a cat pic during one of the games. So a bunch of us myself included went and changed our pics to cats in order to stand with PhilMNAP and Troll the Troll. then dogs started telling everyone to change their pic and it took off from there. Now we do it just to be funny and because it creeps people out coming onto a board with 10-15 people having cat pics. lol
eototalt::sure...
SteelerCeltic::They are off to a good start, and still don't have their two best players on the court.....
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::Wolves are always underdogs....
I Love Rubio Dimes.::They are the best team though
eototalt::lol
I Love Rubio Dimes.::Why is that the best part?
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::Best Part: only 5 black players
I Love Rubio Dimes.::Good bench too
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::I really like Kevin Love. I think that Wolves have a good lineup and coach.
eototalt::An AMAZING game, Wolves win late and Sportscenter has yet to mention it. NBA tonight did a 20 second run through of the game. -_-
I Love Rubio Dimes.::lol
eototalt:::(
MNPittfan::Don't Viking me Twolves
I Love Rubio Dimes.::Sup dogs
TheBrownestBob::A lot of people wrote of the Timberwolves to start the year without their 2 best players, and for good reason, really.  But this was a team that just reloaded with a great coach who knows how to get the best out of his players (Aaron Brooks anyone?).  Good luck, Minnesota!
minncharger::just keep winning t-wolves!!
Birky8::One thing to think about the Wolves... potential playoff lineup G) Rubio G) Shved F) AK47 F) Love C) Pekovic   Bench G) Ridnour (hits shots) G) Barea (energy guy) G) Roy (if healthy) F) Chase (quality player, played w/ Adelman before) F) Cunningham (played in playoffs with Memphis) F) Amundson (played off bench in Indiana in playoffs) C) Stiemsma (good defense and pick n roll)   Deep and Dangerous
famousfoot1000::Funny you forgot williams and he was a 2nd overall pick
MNfreakTim::that is a good problem to have to be honest.
Birky8::Just having the options to go deep if there's foul trouble or someone gets hurt is nice because they won't be trading away panicking to get someone.
Lamar Kardashian59::Awesome.  Realistically though, we'll use like an 8 man rotation in the playoffs.  I see Budinger, Barea, and Cunningham being our main guys off the bench, with Roy coming in in close games if we need an iso scorer.
sort0008::Great game Pacers!
jamestiland::Brandon Roy is the only reason why I watch the NBA.  Hopefully he can't reach his top form again but for now he is a great role player for minnesota.
tkidu::I called wolves a #6 seed this year......well holy hell I wish i could change that right now. #1/2 as it were.
dogs::I'll put them as a 5/6 seed still. I had them at 7 before the year started.
dlhouse18::Night ya'll.
dogs::If the Gophers win tomorrow then we can become bowl eligible!
Minnysota Vikings::So the Lakers have Steve Nash, a great passing big man in Pau Gasol (think Chris Webber), and they decided to hire Mike Brown instead of Rick Adelman? What a lack in judgement that was.
austuc33::it didnt work in clevand either so dont know why they thought it change
MormonBlackhawkMech::They hired Brown last year for the plan of having Kobe the focus of the offense seeing how Brown coached LeBron in Cleveland. They thought it would work last year, but it didn't. Now they have 4 superstars with personalities (diff style of play) that need meshing and Brown couldn't do it. Now they are cutting their losses early.
rleroy1967::Ok... see whoever tomorrow vs Bulls.
rleroy1967::Ill be there
dogs::Gophers board first :P
dogs::dl we played rockets,mavs, and clippers all 4 times. I am pretty sure u play conference teams 4 times.
MNfreakTim::last year we had that strange 66 game schedule. We played most teams 4 times, however we did only play the Mavs 3 times last year. We were 2-1 against them.
dlhouse18::Yeah I remember now. Mavs was 2-2. The rest IDK.
dlhouse18::We have no stat beasts because everything is spread lol.
rleroy1967::Wolves don't need to depend on 5, 6, or 7 guys...We got like 10 or 11!
Trexxus::We should go to the Lakers board and cheer on GS, haha.
MormonBlackhawkMech::Not if the Wolves keep this up...Warriors will be far behind.
dogs::I'd cheer on the Lakers sadly. GS is a threat to our playoff chances.
dlhouse18::I root against the Lakers first and then the rest of the Northwest.
Trexxus::Oh please, the Wolves are going to be vying for #1 seed, GS is no threat to us.
VikingsRavensMN::Umm and arent the lakers??
MormonBlackhawkMech::T-Wolves are scary...4-1 w/out Love and Rubio. Now Roy out half the game, and with no backup PG (JJ). I hate to see how they run when all are healthy.  Very defensive then only offence to follow.
rleroy1967::That Brooklyn game really made a difference.  Otherwise we'd be like,....Who knows!
thedueler1::im happy brandon roy is traveling to chicago with the team phew at the game tonight and didn't know where he was in the second half
dlhouse18::Can't wait to play Dallas, Houston, and Lob City again for old time's sake.
dogs::We beat all those teams 3-1 last year didnt we?
dlhouse18::I think 1-1 vs. the Spurs.
dlhouse18::6-1 I think. We played Dallas three times I thought. Rockets 2-0 and LAC at least 2-0
Trexxus::Yes and the Spurs.
rleroy1967::Kobe is going to get 40 - 50
dlhouse18::The problem will soon become hanging onto all of our players.
rleroy1967::Showing Lakers on NBA TV Kobe is Pissed.
