kret2407::With Burks, Haywood, Favors, Kanter, and 2 2012 lottery picks the Jazz are going to get good quickly!! Plus they have good trade chips in Jefferson, Millsap, and Harris. This team could be the Thunder in 3 years!
tbest23::Utah looking forward to the lottery again.  They're just a training facility until the players can actually play ball then they bolt for a real team asap...
801jason::Give it 3 years jazz will be back.
DAnnyPrImetIme15::Keep sleeping on the Nuggets America.
PartyLikeACaveman::just like peyton for mvp, sloan for coach of the year.
BYUsux45::I just can't believe how ineffective Devin Harris has been.  T-Wolves must have a surplus of PG's now...maybe the Jazz can get a deal done with them again.
Dal Bone::Agreed. Lawson blew by him on multiple occasions like he was an orange traffic pylon. I expected him to be quicker.
emaldonado864::Nene is best as a 4.  The biggest difference in Nene so far this season is his finishing at the rim.  That has been his biggest problem thus far in his career.  I look for Nene to channel his inner Karl Malone this year and dominate!  It looks like George Karl is going to have the luxury of finding who is "ON"  on any given night.  Some nights I expect to see Lawson and Nene tearing it up, other nights it might be Gallo or Al or Rudy or Miller or Aaron or even Corey.  Should be a fun season to watch, not sure if they can make noise in the playoffs though.   By the way, Utah is terrible, I think Butler could beat them.
NYeltigre::once the jazz are punched they lay down. I like harris but he has just lost his zing. The jazz need to establish a culture. Everyone on the team with the exception of milsap, raja and the coaching staff is a rookie or came from a team with a losing culture.. there needs to be a change in that culture. Either through a trade for someone who is from a winning culture or from within the team.
conlevis2::Utah is turrriiiibbblllee
PartyLikeACaveman::thanks charles
NuggetThugs::They didn't play Birdman enough last night. He is the hidden jewel of the team. Maybe, the Birdman will dunk on Kobe in the upcoming Laker game? That would be cool, and it would make my day.
Duckboy38::Birdman should join the circus
therealmuir::And you base this on what? He is one of the weakest players on this team. The less he plays the better this team will do.
emaldonado864::Birdman is terrible and an embarrassment.  Even his one highlight turned into a negative because he didn't get back on defense and we gave up an open three at the buzzer.  He is never in good defensive position, appears to have lost his hops, and just plain doesn't understand how to play the game.  Its good to have some hustlers on the team but we can get that out of farrid or KK.
Pusherman3::Birdman blows.  He is fun to watch at times but can't really jump any more.  He is the 10th or 11th guy on this team.
Pusherman3::BIG game tonight.  I win in the Rose Garden on the tail end of a back to back would be HUGE.
preece0315::When you have a young team like the jazz do, it is the coach's responsibility to run the team. And since corbin has been coach this has not been done. Corbin has no business being the coach the jazz have lost over twenty games with corbin as coach. The jazz need a veteran coach to come in and teach these young players how to play. Go after fratello or someone like that. If something does not change soon look for the jazz to have another bad year. The jazz will not win over 16 games this year with corbin as their coach.
phatty3327::JR, Chandler and Kenyon come back in March.  Cant keep them all.  Keep Chandler and let the rest walk.
AuthenticProphetic::They've said openly that they want to bring Chandler back. They've hinted that they could care less about JR and KMart
BobBobb22::Um - Rudy's wearing JR's #5...
Pusherman3::KMart and Jr are definately gone.  They will probably work a sign and trade for Chandler unless there are injuries.
paul2285::They don't want any of those guys....maybe Chandler
birdman._.::If the nuggets keep this up all season and keep beating elite teams (dallas supposedly not utah) then you would be stupid to not make George Karl coach of the year.
Runchamp420::They were up by around 20 at the start of the 4th.
Saynt_Raider::The best part about this Nuggets team. The Depth makes it better for these back to back games. They rested their whole team in the 4th quarter. Makes the next game much easier.
AuthenticProphetic::like 25 points i think
bikeboss::Damn. What kind of lead did they have going into the 4th that they didn't need anyone on the court for 15 minutes??
ghettoslider::players that should be benched by the jazz: heyward, bell, howard, tinsley
birdman._.::Jazz shouldnt have been stupid and dumped williams for nothing in return
xuix::Nene and Lawson looked possessed tonite. Maybe its because the Jazz are bottomfeeders, but they looked like they can cause real damage in the West.
slight31:::)
kjstainback::I agree...the only thing I would be concerned with is lack of 'star power' on the wings.  Gallinari and Afflalo are pretty solid and Rudy Fernandez is ok (more of a great athlete than a great ball player).  Assuming Afflalo and Gallinari step up big this year and they get good production out of Harrington they'll be in great shape.  Jordan Hamilton could be a key this year too.  He's young and he needs to focus on learning the pro game - but he's more than capable of contributing right away.
MissBikini::Denver looks like they can challenge for a high seed. But they'll fizzle in the playoffs.
nerdherder21::Well only because the refs would never let a team with out a superstar succeed...
mylilpony_ranger::Did someone page the rockets?
rbmw263::gotta say the Nuggets look way better than they ever did with Melo
paul2285::stating the obvious, they're much more fun to watch now
ghettoslider::the jazz are one of the worst teams in the nba.. they are trying to rebuild.. but it could take years/decades/forever to recover form losing d-will, boozer, memo, ak, jerry sloan, phil johnson and larry miller..
NYeltigre::Not horrible, just extremely young and none of them have any chemistry. Sad day
rbmw263::you dont trade a top 10 player, unless they ask. period.
xuix::D-Will was going to leave in the offseason anyway. If he's going to leave, and the Jazz knew they weren't going to win a title last year, at least they got something for him. And they got young talent and draft picks for him. I stand behind the trade. But they are a horrible team. Maybe the worst in the league.
sty34::"THE BRAZILIAN scored 11 points the rest of the half and bounced a pass to Andre Miller in the lane to help Denver take a 63-46 lead into the locker room." Lol wtf espn?  you can use his name it would have been shorter and less racist sounding
ryne3113::? Africa isn't a country....
ryne3113::But yes, your point makes sense outside of that
xuix::I agree with bearsball. It isn't racist to call Dikembe Mutombo the African, since that refers to his nationality. If they called him "THE BLACK GUY," that would be racist.
hdmilife::Africa is not a country.
sty34::meh.... just sounds odd to me i guess maybe racist wasn't the right word, i would have just said nene... it's easier is my point
bikeboss::How is saying what country you're from racist? I'm sure he's proud to be from Brazil.
5baker05::Hes a beast nonetheless
bearsbball11::It's not really racist to say where he's from lol
MSU Dragons::Good to see Big Al putting up decent numbers. T-Wolves sure could use him, they may be able to win a game with him, instead of Big Dufus. Darko! Poor Al goes from bottom feeder Celtics to T-Wolves to Jazz. The poor guy can't get a break with all the losers he's been with.
xuix::He is an excellent player. He's just never been on a winner. Doese anyone really think if he were traded to the Heat or the Lakers he would suddenly lose the ability to play?
Tanster22::Someones gotta score for crappy teams and thats all Big Al does, if he was really that great all the previous lottery teams he played on would have built around him rather then dump him trying to find those pieces
sty34::maybe he's only good on losing teams?  Nah, only kidding, i'd take him in a minute
bmosheman::Mozgov looked afraid to bang.  Finishes around the hoop suffered.  If they skid, i wouldn't be surprised to see Nene back at C.  KK isn't ready to start.
Saynt_Raider::They should try Koufus at the 5. Nene is much more natural at the 4
kgrovesBYUfan::Jazz are terrible. It'll be at least 2-3 years until they can even compete in this league.
MSU Dragons::I've been saying the same thing for over 20 years as a T-Wolves fan. At least the Jazz have hope in turning it around.
NiteOwlMom::They shoulda drafted Jimmer!
hdmilife::Nope.
DenverDiehard35::I went to the game and took some mental notes, these are all my opinion: Nene- played well, looked strong down low. had some monstrous dunks, looked like his j improved, also had a breakaway steal and was very impressed with his speed. he looked great tonight, we'll go far with him if he plays hard. Gallo- looks like hes comin on strong. shot the ball well, hit some good shots and takes it to the hole hard. he can be dangerous if he keeps improving. Mozgov- he is definitely the weakest part of our team. he needs a LOT of work. he looks weak but at times has flashes of goodness. very raw and we'll need him to improve to give nene more space on the block. Afflalo- once again looked rusty, didnt shoot well. he hit one tough shot and had a nice steal but he needs some time to get back into it, nuggs need him. Lawson- Cant say enough about him. Holy ish is he fast. We will be as good as he lets us be this year, quickest pg in the league in my opinion (yes even quicker than Rose) and he will be an all star this year if he keeps it up. what a stud. Harrington-once again he had 18 pts. Looked good for the most part, shot the ball well and hit a deeeep three. looks like he is quicker and runs the floor well, he committed two charges that would have been avoided if he made the extra pass, maybe will come with time. Miller- Solid as usual, 12 assists, good leader. I always feel confident when he is in the game. Bird- Had a sick putback dunk over kanter, but what people may miss is the few plays before he got dominated by kanter getting pushed around. he needs to stay on his feet, he is a good FT shooter tho. Brewer- I kind of like him, he hustles and can jump and d's up. You could tell he was trying to prove himself out there in his few mins but he is a solid end of bench guy. Carroll-Solid 12th man, he can shoot and penetrate. He had a nice shot off the dribble. Rudy- Shot better tonight, started slow tho. If he gets on this team will be unstoppable, we could definitely use his spark off the bench, i love his hustle as well. Kosta-Looked decent tonight, he finishes well around the hoop. I think he looks better than Mozgov around the basket, not saying he should start, just finishes better. Faried- Didnt do much. had a couple rebounds, misses a couple lobs and had a turnover. he hustled but didnt help his cause with coach not liking his rookie status. He said on twitter he was nervous for his first game so maybe I believe him. Sorry its lengthy but there is my take, I was semi impressed tonight. We let them in it to start and didnt shoot well and still had 117 pts, ill take it.
Runchamp420::Miller isn't all he is cracked up to be.  Has everyone forgotten his wild errant shots that he takes when the score is close, and the game is on the line?  He would have 2-3 defenders on him and try to make some off balance, fade away, falling down shot.  I cringe every time he shoots the ball from 3, or even a few feet inside the 3 point line....one of the ugliest shots I have ever seen.  As long as the game isn't close, he can shoot whenever/wherever he wants.  As far as I'm concerned, he should only be passing the ball, to the play makers on the team.
5baker05::Its easy, just click the "sign up" part
DenverDiehard35::haha that would do it wouldnt it
5baker05::hey denverdiehard, try denverstiffs.com great blogging site
DenverDiehard35::i read that website every day, but idk how to get to be a blogger on there.
sty34::ya dude i was so excited when kenneth came in, but then to see him play like that :( but ya probably first game jitters
DenverDiehard35::i have to admit i started the mini standing ovation. i love the guy
DenverDiehard35::sometimes i wish i could blog instead of write chapters on this board that no one reads, ha
jayeteee::Well said, but I like your comment about Miller the best.
Denverboi93::Despite Harrington's performance today I still think the Nuggets should trade him.
gw687::I would have agreed before these first two games.  But Harrington clearly took advantage of a long break.  He is healthy, has more spring than ever, running the floor, shooting well, and playing hard.  Yes, he still has a tendency to only see the hoop and no one else, but his play has been superb these first couple of games.
Saynt_Raider::Manimal should be getting Birdmans minutes
5baker05::I hope he has spring left...
npersonett::dumb.
5baker05::Hes much better.... easily our best bench scorer.. bird needs to go btw
jayeteee::Nah, he(Birdman) just starts out slow. He still has some spring left.
sty34::nnnoooooooooooooooooooo, not my boy
bearsbball11::If he keeps playing like this he's gonna be sixth man of the year
KyleFurtner::You can't let Harrington go, but I don't think he'll be the 6th man of the year....the way Miller's playing...if he keeps that up he should run away with it.
BRDenverFan626::http://youtu.be/JC4UD3XWVcA  I know i posted this earlier, but i forgot to point out how awesome Mark Jackson is. "This should be against the LAW-SON." and "Mama there goes that man." Its a shame he isn't a commentator anymore... good luck with the warriors.
sty34::chris marlowe and scott hastings comments were better haha i hate those guys but love them at the same time.... i totally forgot about that dunk thanks for reminding me
BRDenverFan626::It was a perfect end to smashing the lakers!
tanium17::I was at the game and came away very impressed with the nuggets. Seeing Ty's speed in person makes everyone realize he's gunna be an all-star... sooo fast. If nene and darth harrington can have games like this consistently I don't see anyone besides the Thunder and maybe the clippers who can beat us in a 7-game series
Saynt_Raider::LOL... Darth Harrington... I LOVE IT
cubuffs1987::GO NUGGETS! It was very fitting to see Alec Burks score his first NBA points in Colorado. I hope he has a great career down the line but not against Denver Nuggets lol.
jayeteee::Even the Buffs didn't need him tonight. They won by more than 50. I wish he would've stayed another year, but #12 in the draft made him some good money, I'm sure.  BTW, the Buffs got robbed by the NCAA last year for not getting a nod in the big dance.
van.muhle::Nuggets look good this year and as a Jazz fan, they are clearly the better team to this point. Looks like the western conference is up for grabs this year outside of the obvious contenders in LA and Oklahoma.  Hopefully the Jazz just ship out the score first players on their team in Jefferson and Harris and use the exception to get young talented team players, that work in the Jazz system. Pure Iso players who just look to score dont work in the flex offense and frankly dont work on many teams unless they are truly elite, and neither Jefferson or Harris are.  Hers to hoping Corbin gives the majority of the minutes to the rookies and sophmores on the team and O'Connor uses the trade exception and one or both of the forementioned players to secure some young talent.
2noodlekaboodle::Van Muhle Especially Harris. Dude sucks. I don't even care if they get something good for Harris. Just get rid of him. E.W. is just as good of a PG and makes 6 million less a year. Just admit your rebuilding Jazz and trade some vets for real talent. The only vet i would keep is Millsap, his work ethic is good on a young team.
bikeboss::Jordan is above all, except when it comes to baseball.
SouthStander132::Durant &gt; Kobe
slight31::Jordan is above all
jayeteee::Jordan &gt; Kobe.  And I'm not a Kobe hater anymore.
slight31::23 year old kobe&gt;any current player
bearsbball11::Michael Jordan in general &gt; All   That guy was incredible. Averaged like 35 a game in the playoffs
masterosports42::23 year old Michael Jordan &gt; All
slight31::23 year old kobe&gt;23 year old durant
bearsbball11::I don't think LA is an obvious contender...
bearsbball11::LA starts Josh McRoberts. Just saying.
StockonToMalone::Harrison Barnes here we come...
bearsbball11::Does anybody know what happened to Al Harrington during the lockout? He actually looks good I'm not used to this
Saynt_Raider::If he does average 18 and 6 he should be nominated 6th man of the year
bearsbball11::Didn't he have plantar fascitis (sp?) last year?  If he averages 18 and 6 this year though you can say hello to the sixth man of the year.
jayeteee::I'd prefer 20 and 10, but then he'd be a starter. :)
sty34::nope always was a baller
BRDenverFan626::Must of done weightwatchers with Charles Barkley
sty34::haha
jayeteee::He dropped some LB's.
BRDenverFan626::Apparently he finally got in shape, dropped 20 pounds.
BRDenverFan626::For the go-to guy question for this team, which i think is the only question for this team, I say Ty Lawson. This guy has the very rare ability to shoot the 3 and get to the rim whenever he feels like it.  http://youtu.be/rankc8FgUVk  http://youtu.be/JC4UD3XWVcA
bearsbball11::I think we should just win every game by 20 so we don't need one. That has worked pretty well so far.
bearsbball11::Well it's still worth a try I think lol
BRDenverFan626::haha, they can't do that EVERY night (i think)
801jason::Next years draft is going to be nice with utah having two picks in the top six.
btate2000::No the Warrior pick or whoever it comes by way of is top 7 protected this year I think.
kret2407::you are correct! But they should still have two lottery picks and even if Golden State makes the playoffs it should still be top 20, which in this draft will be a good pick
801jason::give it two the three years jazz will be back in the playoffs they have a good young team and next year two more top ten guys or we can trade one pick.
BRDenverFan626::This draft is going to be stacked. Too bad cleveland got the worst draft ever to get pick 1 and 4.
chubby rain::Get used to it because the Lottery will be the home of the Jazz for the next 8-10 years.
NiteOwlMom::And you base this on what crystal ball? Jazz have been a winning organization. In fact, until just a few years ago, only Portland and Utah had never participated in the lottery. Jazz made the playoffs like 23 out of the last 26 years!
jayeteee::LOL.
KendrickPerkins094::CARMELO WAS A CANCER.
TheMooseKnuckIe::Chubby Rain- you have no idea what you're talking about... Melo is a 1 time 2nd string all NBA and a 3 time 3rd string all NBA. He has never been a first teamer, and as long as Lebron and Durrant are in the NBA he will never be one.  With that said Gallo, has a great stroke... fundimentally one of the best in the NBA, next to maybe Curry. Gallo truly does have a better jumper, he just cant hit it while double teamed, on the move while fadding away. What seperates Melo from anyone else in the NBA is his versitility scoring... he can post, hit the mid, the 3, off the dribble, off the pass, he can slash... Melo is the hardest defensive cover in the NBA "according to Kobe", because he can hit any shot at any time on any one.  Gallo is a pure shooter, Melo is a pure scorer... big diffrence there bud!!!
KendrickPerkins094::HE'S A SHARPSHOOTER. HE'S A BETTER PURE SHOOTER THAN CARMELO. WHAT DOES SKIN COLOR HAVE TO DO WITH IT?
chubby rain::Dude u are an Idiot, u just lost ALL credibility when u said that sorry average ball player is better than that first team all nba player, get the hell out of here!
KendrickPerkins094::GALLO THE ITALIAN SHARPSHOOTER IS BETTER.
chubby rain::U can't be serious, oh i get it, he's white.
chubby rain::Maybe, but he was a cold blooded shooter and was feared by every team in the league.
bearsbball11::Well he was feared on one half of the court...
kret2407::wow the Nuggets look good! Add in Wilson Chandler in March and they are contenders!
The_ Roof::Chandler is worth a first rounder if he is traded for draft pick. He would be good on a team like Portland since Brandon Roy's retirement.
btate2000::He's up and coming but adding a player who wasn't good enough to be able to demand an out clause in his over-seas deal does not a contender one make.
5baker05::Who would we get?
5baker05::We will trade for a draft pick
masterosports42::Better be a pretty high pick.
masterosports42::We don't need no stinkin Chandler! Unless we trade him.....but what would we trade him for? We are stacked everywhere except Center.....and who's gonna give up a Center for him?
sty34::no
sty34::haha my bad, but which part do you think?  I just don't wanna ruin chemistry, assuming we will be amazing by march which i know we will be
bearsbball11::To which part?
NiteOwlMom::Seriously, are we ever going to see a return of the short shorts in the NBA? I miss those. Are we going to have to see the length go all the way to the players' ankles before we see a comeback of the thigh huggers?
CheeseyPal::We need shorter shorts on the Nug Dancers!
bearsbball11::Now THAT is something I can get on board with
NiteOwlMom::I like the short shorts. Classic.
bearsbball11::I think not having short shorts will be fine...
masterosports42::I now give you permission to stay.  The longer the shorts, the better. Especially when we finally get to see guys tripping on their pant legs going up for a monster dunk on teh fast break.....
5baker05::It's very important that every player who plays big minutes was under 30 tonight... especially with our first test tomorrow night
BRDenverFan626::http://youtu.be/ZdmsNA6yhXY   This makes up for ALMOST all of JR's crap.
LiftOff23::One of my favorite bball moments!!! I could watch that over &amp; over oops...meant to post this down in the Melo over Lebron post
BRDenverFan626::I live in the central time zone, so this happened around 11:30-midnight (9:30 game). And i was jumping around screaming and waking everbody up!
sty34::haha i love melo's reaction too, he's like alright cool now when can i leave
sty34::I remember so distinctively where i was at that exact moment, i was flipping over chairs going crazy
bearsbball11::I was at that game, by far the best dunk I've ever seen live. Plays like that are about the only thing I'll miss about J.R. though lol
masterosports42::Stolen from my new BFF sty34 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_MY0qUt5CM  ^^How can us Nuggets fans reeeeeally be mad at a guy that did that^^
sty34::haha high five mastero
sty34::$@%! yeah
masterosports42::ESPN: Where best friends are made lol
Rick P. Johnson::I don't think most Nuggets fans have any ill will towards Melo.
jayeteee::Now that is cheesy. LOL. But so true. Kinda' like Diedre Pujols.
CheeseyPal::I agree, no hard feelings to Melo. He was only trying to help out his wife, Yoko.
jayeteee::Don't care for him. Don't hate him, but glad he's gone. :)
Rick P. Johnson::Yeah, I'm serious. That is why I said "most" and not "all".
SouthStander132::Are you being serious?  Can't stand that selfish, arrogant SOB...
bearsbball11::Because he decided he was too good for us lol. That and he didn't play defense
masterosports42::What did I tell you bears! And I don't care about that stuff, the man showed Lebron up IN Cleveland! All is forgiven lol
GOBUFFS303::heres a question: andre miller or chauncy billups?
oguhmas::Love Chauncey, but Miller just fits perfectly.
jayeteee::Andre's got more time left, but Chauncey's the ultimate team player.
masterosports42::Right now? Miller. In there prime? Chauncey. Might be my Colorado homerism kicking in though
SouthStander132::Heart says Chauncey. Head says Miller.
BRDenverFan626::Both
5baker05::Andre miller
bearsbball11::Nuggets look great through 2 games. A win tomorrow @ Portland would be huge, but it sure is fun watching guys hustling and playing team basketball
5baker05::;)
masterosports42::GO AWAY BEARS!
masterosports42:::)
bearsbball11:::(
sty34::always is fun to watch
BRDenverFan626::I'm really excited for the rest of this season. The nuggets did all the right things to get ready for this season. They upgraded from all the baggage that went to china, this team is full of good players on and off the court, and resigned 2 of the most important pieces of the team. Karl also moved Nene to PF (really smart). With almost everybody in the west taking a step back besides the thunder and clipper and having a 66 game shortened season, who knows? could be a really, really good year!
chubby rain::None of those guys are MELO, and they don't scare ANYONE!!
chubby rain::Well then u will be mediocre for the next 5 years, don't be pissed when your team gets eliminated in the second round, year after year....... until u get a superstar that instills that fear.
Rick P. Johnson::The question you asked was who is going to be the go-to guy in crunch time? Then you stated that nobody on the roster is as scary as Melo. Well, no duh! Like I said, there are probably less than 5 guys in the league with Melo's scoring prowess. So of course we can't just replace that aspect (few teams can). And also like I said, Melo hasn't won a title either so obviously his ability to score in the crunch can't be the only factor in winning a title.
chubby rain::^^ NEVER!!
CheeseyPal::Maybe after Afflalo or Lawson or Nene makes a few game winners they will "scare" someone now that Melo is gone
chubby rain::That wasn't the topic, i said they don't have a go to guy that scares anyone, but Melo did. And whether he won a title or not is not the issue.
Rick P. Johnson::How many guys in the league are true scorers like Melo......maybe Durant. Yes, we don't have a true superstar, but its not like Melo has won an NBA title either.
Dublelucky77::Depends on the points needed... But I think Afflalo has some cold-hearted killer in him...
CheeseyPal::Afflalo had a game winner last year
sty34::here's the deal... saw this work wonders tonight... Lawson with the ball top of the key, points to nene for a pick to one side and then bam the quick first step to the opposite way and Lawson straight to the basket for and one baby
Rick P. Johnson::Wilson Chandler could be the go-to guy when/if he comes back. Also, Lawson is really becoming the man on this team as well.
BRDenverFan626::I want to say lawson. He has the rare ability to shoot and get to the rim.
5baker05::afflalo or gallo
chubby rain::Please, they will get eliminated in the first round if they dont't win by 10 points or more.
anderscw::This compressed season is going to favor a young team like the nuggets towards the playoffs too!!
chubby rain::I agree, i just think when the game is close, who is their go-to guy?  Because they are not going to blow everyone out, they need that one go-to guy to get them over the hump.
CheeseyPal::How bout whoever is open? Team play works in the last minute as well as the first minute
GOBUFFS303::question: where did ak-47 go?
btate2000::He got some crazy dragon tatoo stretching clear across his back.  Google it.  You can sign him and give Birdman a a little play friend.
NiteOwlMom::We have only had a handful of losing seasons in three decades.
NiteOwlMom::I doubt it. We were never in lottery before 2005. We quickly made it back to the playoffs, and we will again. We have a culture of winning.
NiteOwlMom::Jazz getting rid of Boozer in '10 and AK in '11 are really going to pay dividends on fewer team physicians needed ;-)
chubby rain::And your jazz will be in the lottery for the next 10 yrs. Welcome to Clipper land!
TAC0REV::He's a free agent, and probably won't get signed because he got injured playing in Russia
GOBUFFS303::why thank you sir
5baker05::russia
chubby rain::He was missing the best Vodka.
CheeseyPal::I've heard the argument that Nene deferred to Melo too much and I truly hope that the assertiveness we saw from him tonight is going to last the whole season, but I'm still skeptical of him. He's showed flashes of brilliance before only to vanish for games on end. And one counter argument to that is that Nene wasn't exactly battling Melo for rebounds as neither of them exactly overachieved on the glass. We shall see. I hope the switch to PF really does unleash Nene's inner beast because he is so damn physically imposing when he turns it on.
Dublelucky77::Rebounding shouldn't be an issue for this team... Faried coming off the bench is a great solution to any future problems
CheeseyPal::. . . If George plays him . . .
SouthStander132::He was playing out of position - now that he's at PF where he SHOULD be he'll be tough.  He and Ty have some great chemistry.
5baker05::he should rebound better at PF.. hopefully... hes so much bigger than most other PF's that he should just bulldoze but...
jayeteee::It's early, but I like what I see. The schedule is going to hold everybody back from time to time. If Karl can contain his ego, the Nugs will be fine.
curtisgardner43::Karl's ego? Are you serious?
jayeteee::Yeah, I don't know what it is, but I think he can be stubborn at times. Maybe it was just the guys he had to work with. We'll see....
asko84::Lawson=All Star
masterosports42::Nene = All Star as well
NiteOwlMom::Why do the Jazz never have a decent center? I don't think Al Jefferson is a natural center. He seems undersized there and can't seem to finish close to the basket.
sty34::free agent
GOBUFFS303::where did ak-47 go?
NiteOwlMom::He's a PF.
sty34::he played great tonight, I like him, maybe he could use a position shift who knows
jayeteee::The Nuggets org decided to rid itself of troublemakers, and it's so much more fun to watch.
Rick P. Johnson::I gotta say I'll miss JR.....for every moment he made me want to rip out my hair and cut him immediately after a bad game, he really can do some simply amazing things on the basketball court. And there was nothing like watching him get hot behind the arc and completely bury another time with outrageously deep 3's.
curtisgardner43::There wasn't anything like those games where he got hot. He was such a bipolar player.
BRDenverFan626::The question is: Will he step foot on the court this year? no
Rick P. Johnson::Hamilton will be the new JR......and I'm so excited for it!
masterosports42::Even has the #1 JR used to have! lol can't wait until Karl gets into it with him.
masterosports42::Better keep our eye on Hamilton.....
BRDenverFan626::At first i didnt like the nuggets replacing JR with Rudy, but hes starting to change my mind. The guy can shoot, pass, and play pretty good D. I even found myself chanting Rudy, Rudy, Rudy when he was draining 3's and throwing those alleys to Brewer!
cordovader::Rudy can be a brilliant player if he feels comfortable with the game style of his team. He is going to electrify denver. A couple of memorable plays: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47VLce11WDM Rudy posterizes Superman Howard at the Olympics  5 points in 3 seconds. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=769KGjxPO2s
Broncomeister7::It's not really like he REPLACED JR.  JR CHOSE to play in China with no opt out clause so F$#% him, he deserves to be thrown to the wolves
jayeteee::I love our core of back court players, the depth of this team is unreal.
masterosports42::Maybe he'll learn some.......wait it's JR he never learns.....nevermind
Marlins35DTrain::I always hated him when he was with Portland, but ya know, I can handle him on the Nuggs considering we got him and Brewer for a second rounder five years down the road. He doesn't need to do anything and he's worth more than what we gave up, haha.
jayeteee::He hustles the whole time he's out there and doesn't complain, that's 180 degrees difference than JR right there.
SouthStander132::Better?  Did JR pass at all?  ;-)
GOBUFFS303::edit: he PASSES THE BALL
GOBUFFS303::his passing is SO MUCH BETTER
CheeseyPal::And he hasn't been arrested even once yet!
masterosports42::KNOCK ON F*CKING WOOD!
yankees1323849::I will suck a DI*K or 5 dollars. Anybody intrested?
