Mike Dixon::What happened to all the "the Lakers are better without Kobe" posts?
Thien Navarro::Lakers aren't better with Kobe.
Bill James Nelson::A record of 11-11 is better than a record of 2-4...
Mike Dixon::There they are.  And here I was starting to doubt the trolls' resolve....silly goose.
Jody George Prats::During this busy holiday season we should all take time to have a moment of silence for the Lakers.
Corey Sharer::and for you seeing how you have no life except for trolling, I've seen better jokes in a first grader joke book.
Eboni Clay::Lol you're a consistent laker hater. I can alwas count on you to be on the boards
Dale Yang::time to tank.  please don't trade for Jeremy Lin lol.  idiot Jim buss
Gino Foggia::As long as the wrong family members are running the Lakers it will be long years.. It's all ego with family until Jeanie and Phil run this team like they were meant to it's gonna be a long year!
Chris Burns::Gasol has a couple of good games and everyone praises him saying "Keep him" well here is a reality check... Plumlee (Who?) 17 pts and 16 boards. While Gasol 10pts and 4 reb..
Gino Foggia::There's no one besides Gasol on the Lakers who can stop a very average Plumlee...Who never puts up these #s when he goes up against the best centers..
Laz Finezt Imdaddy::###LMS### Phukem tradem ???  Sign Griffen problem solved n hopfully kobe retirez n salary cappp can go upp ???
Carl D Hill::Gasol has NO Alpha Dog in him, it's games like this where he should exert himself....
Laz Finezt Imdaddy::###LMS### I think Gasol suckz thatz juz me tho ???
Sheldon McPherson::I don't understand whenever I hear people say, "the Clippers blew it when they let Bledsoe go".  Let's be real, Bledsoe would have ended up going somewhere else.  He was not going to have this kind of production on the Clippers for 2 reasons; being in the shadow of CP3, and fewer minutes.  CP3 already gets a certain respect level from his teammates.  Not that the Clippers didn't respect Bledsoe, they would have a different chemistry with him.  Bledsoe needed to be on another team, any other team.  He obviously has done some work over the summer.  Let's give Coach Hornecek some credit in getting the team to buy into his philosophy
Ryan Kenneth Leddy::Why couldn't the Clippers of started Paul and Blesoe together? The Dragic and Bledsoe backcourt has arguably been the best backcourt in the NBA. The era of Michael Jordan/Kobe Bryant shooting guards are over. This league is now driven by point guards (Paul, Curry, Wall, Irving, Parker, Lawson), point forwards/hybrid PGs/SGs (James, George, Durant, Westbrook, Harden), and power forwards (Love, Aldridge, Duncan, Dirk, Griffin, Davis).   After Jordan, we had a generation of players like him in Kobe, Carter, McGrady, Allen, and Wade. T Mac is gone, Carter and Allen are now reserves, and Wade and Kobe have past their primes. Now, we have teams using the two in a totally different way. Either, they use it to play role players or speciality guys that either play defense or hit the three like Willie and Danny Green, Thabo Selfolosha, To...ny Allen, Kyle Korver, Marco Bellini.   Point is, the convential backcourt of the past three decades is gone. The backcourt of the future is going to resemble what we see in Phoenix, Golden State, Houston, and Dallas...Basically the template of what we have seen from Parker and Manu. Backcourts will be smaller, sleeker, faster, with two guys who can run the offense. That way, you never see what sometimes happens to the Clippers or the Steve Nash Phoenix Suns teams....Whenever Nash and Paul sit, the offense struggles, allowing teams to either build their lead or come from behind.  Coach Hornacek does indeed deserve credit...However, do you really think Bledsoe wouldn't of responded to Doc Rivers? He is one of the better motivators in the game. He Is the ultimate players coach...Who, is very lucky to have Alvin Gentry on his staff, another ultimate player's coach.See More
Jeff Brown::Lakers are just gawd awful. lol
Jim Diveley::I always enjoy when the Suns can beat the Lakers but not even close to a competitive team there in LA.  Mike D has no control of that team & is not a good coach.  People figured him out & it is showing.  Nice to see our young team coming together.  Look for the Suns to package their 1st Rd picks & maybe Len into a trade for K Love.  That would be awesome!
Brandon Tigues::gerald green has transformed into danny green..I guess 3 point shooting runs in the family
Jody George Prats::Phoenix has to be the surprise of the year in the NBA. Nice Job Coach Hornacek. Coach Of The Year so far imo.  Suns 102 Lakers 95
Eboni Clay::I wouldnt wish coach of the year on any coach
Harold Nations::First year coach Hornacek consistently out coaching the thing sitting at the head of the Lakers bench.
Eboni Clay::Coach of the year carries a curse though, its called getting fired.
Jacob Goldstein::If I was the owner of the Lakers, I would fire Mitch Kupchak... and hire Phil Jackson as general manager.. this team needs a completely new organization.. then I would take a private jet to Hawaii, and not come back for 2 or 3 years, and start collecting my rings again.
Gino Foggia::lol Jake we can only wish and dream.. Phil and Jeanie are the keys to bringing back the good ole days and it's only been 3 years but seems forever..
Jacob Goldstein::Kurtis Harrison I'm going to list a few blunders under Kupchak..1) He hired Mike Brown 2) He allowed the "Stay" Campaign 3) He gave Kobe 2 years of our Salary cap money, that should have gone to real impact players.. That's 3 strikes.. he's out!
Doug O'Cracka::On the bright side laker fans, at least there is zero chance of Kobe quiting on his team this time.
Corey Sharer::how in the hell has he quit on us?? that does not make sense. they have made the playoffs nine times in a row. plus last yar he was the reason we made the playoffs stop being a kobe hater i swear hypocrites.
Arizona Jim::Tomorrows headline: SUNS DESTROY LAKERS
Jonah Swidan::Wow Plumlee and Green doing work!  I'm a Pacers fan and I was hoping Plumlee would get a shot in the NBA, but sadly on the Pacers their is no room for him with West and Hibbert in front of him.  I love Scola for our second unit, HUGE BOOST!   Good luck Suns with the rebuilding stage (if you wanna call it that) very good start so far for you guys!
Gino Foggia::It hurts to watch Kobe on the sideline knowing he can't add to his #2GOAT 1st ballot HOF career.. But yet again no one currently playing in the NBA can touch his all time numbers.. so that's a big relief, someone worthy will come along and break them!
Dakota Mckenzie::Actually Lebron has better numbers..... And when it's all said and done due at prolly will too lol
Dakota Mckenzie::Durant*
Eric Lopez::Clippers fan here: The Suns are actually fighting for the Division :o. They are 2.5 games back. We still have a long season to go. Going to be interesting. I say the Suns wins this one. No doubt about it because they're playing the Lakers.  Suns 108, Lakers 95
Dylan Peace::just because kobe is injured again
Coliseum PizzaRoma::Dylan Peace No, Kobe being injured is the only reason that the Lakers have a shot to win this.
Dylan Peace::Coliseum PizzaRoma yes it is
Joe McGivern::hahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Eboni Clay::When the lakers are winning, mindless people usually say the lakers are better without kobe. Phoenix is playing good ball and those comments are no where to be found.
Joel L Mehler::27 points to the Suns??!! Forget the Kobe comparisons.....I doubt they would be better if they competed in the NBA Development League.
Jacob Goldstein::Lakers need to know when to hold'em and when to fold'em.. this hand is not winning, and we can't bluff our way out of this one..
Victor Aguilera::Clippers really blew it letting Bledsoe get away. This lack of depth will really hurt them later in the season.
Matthew Lemieux::are Laker fans still saying "at least we aren't the Clippers"? haha losers
Jose Armando Oviedo::Lakers 100 Phoenix 96  Yeah I know I find these predictions silly as well.
Brandon Bove::More like:  Lakers 100 Suns 196
Jose Armando Oviedo::Brandon Bove wow man my Lakers just got smacked up hard.
Michael Lanphere::Don't have the Laker's on TV where I am. Sounds like they've started to fight.
Romeo James::They have a D league slash streetball team mixed with no chemistry
Romeo James::This team will get blown out on the road and want be able to close out games at home
Romeo James::Its awful to watch an I'm a Laker fan
Trae Jones::I see we have another fake fan...lakes all day...get lost
