Reeves Cox::GO HAWKS!
Josh Jordan::Come on Mavs get that 1st win
Andrew Guest::GO MAVS!
Adam Joslyn::Go hawks! Hope we have a good season. It'll be tough with everything being so new but i think we can pull through.
Abner Alingbas::mavs lets do it!
Bhingboy Robles::easy win by DALLAS! 1-0....
Brian Jones::Not looking so easy Dbag
Pavel Knutsen::Is that so?
Billy Cross::I'm, think so Brian...
Daniel Stewart::LET'S GO HAWKS! Excited for this season. Disappointed that I won't be seeing any games while here in Oxford. Should be a fun first game to watch. Seeing how our players will do in a game that counts will make for better ideas of how games will turn out. I think Atlanta has a unique team that will actually surprise some teams this season. Not expecting a blowout win by either team here.
Albert Nguyen::NICE MAVS! http://freshpatrol.com/things-dallas-mark-cubans-new-look-mavericks/
Rolando Mercado::mavericks looks really good on offense. defense is decent so far, dalembert is doing a good job. when brandan wright comes back the defense should be a bit more solid.
Phil Veasley::Let's Go Hawks!
Fjodor Balla::Mavs basketball! The season can't come soon enough #MFFL.
Anthony Wing::is that why theres only 30 comments?
Tony Moncada::LETS GO HAWKS!
Geoff Starling::Hawks fans who think J. Smith was just a 'talented' guy who played inconsistent are in for a rude awakening. He was an impact player on D, a play maker and a created on offense. Milsap is a good solid grinder who puts up consistent numbers, but he does not have the same impact on a game.
Michael Sanders::Mavs looked pretty good tonight, only gonna get better as the season goes on and they continue to gel. They're gonna shock a lot of teams and people this season. Flying under the radar, which is a good thing.
John Osaki Jr.::check out the greatness of Dirk Nowitzki's in the new 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Steven Ukwenya::The Mavs definitely have offense..now lets work on that perimeter defense.
Daniel Stewart::Teague is having him a night. Almost at a double-double. Keep it going Hawks!
Josh Jordan::Excellent win Mavs. Let's keep this going. Next up is the Rockets. Let's get em
Juan Berlanga::Let's go mavs!!! Time to prove something!!
Abelardo Briones::Ellis looking good! Mavs rolling!
Tim M Shinabery::Monta Ellis good frist game with dallas
Anthony Wing::7 turnovers  is not good.
Robert Sipraseuth::Anthony Wing He probably meant offensively.
Michelle Harris::lets go mavs!!
Josh Boswell::easy win for atl
Wayne Yeager::easy loss you mean
Toby Miller::Mavs! MFFL!
Sam Nguyen::Turn up mavs
