Big Dan 2773::Figuring on a Utah-Miami final.
_Pippen aint easy_::In three of Utah's last five games, they have had at least three starters go SCORELESS.
jalfmar29::Okay, here's what I need from Utah and Golden State. I need you to stumble just enough to let the Rockets pass you to 6th seed. So far, Utah has handled that function admirably. Here's the tricky part though, you both have to win enough to keep the Lakers out. To that end, and I can't believe I'm saying this because we actually hate the Jazz more than the Mavericks in Houston, go Jazz. Notice the small "g."
A Depressed Milwaukee Bucks Fan 5.0::Jennings, Ellis, and Redick have meshed very well together so far.
milwaukeemonster2::i knew my bucks was going to win this game...thats why i made that promise of a utah jazz face tatt..  we need more people to come out to the brad!!!
jeff050578::As a Golden State who has watched Ellis play for most of his career I have to admit I have never seen him play this well at any point.
avanhokie7::Dang some of these stats are ridiculous Jennings 17 assists and Sanders 16 boards with 6 blocks? Man the Bucks got some pretty beast players ( forgot to mention Monta's 34).
A Depressed Milwaukee Bucks Fan 5.0::Good to see some fans of other teams noticing. ESPN sure doesn't.
Brewcrewtilldeath20::Illyasova can not play in clutch moments.  On the offensive end he throws up stupid shots in critical moments, he doesn't get ANY offensive rebounds, and he's a terrible decision maker.  Defensively it's even worse.  He had no business guarding Paul Milsap or Favors last night.  For that matter any post player that's bigger or quicker than him.  He doesn't play physical enough.    John Henson should be playing at the end, not him.
gaxkt4::He actually gets A LOT of offensive tap-ins.
Sportsfan61679::Thanks Bucks;  Lakers fan
Queen88022::I don't think I could help a lot.  - Bucks
Queen88022::Thx, Bucks!  - Rox Fans
Sportsfan61679::Not sure why Bucks had Illysova gaurding Millsap at the end of the game; Millsap was bulleying him; should have put in Gooden or Samuel
uwmpdon::Sportsfan61679 - Not sure why Bucks had Illysova gaurding Millsap at the end of the game; Millsap was bulleying him; should have put in Gooden or Samuel  GOODEN?!?!?!? HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Miller Park After Dark::PUT IN GOODEN!
jayokafor::Call me crazy but if and when the lakers make the playoffs, mark my words they will do some damage
wilcox1232::is winning one or 2 games considered damage?
Meow Mix and Kibbled Bits::dude what the hell, I just noticed Jennings is suddenly a godly point guard the last two games.
wilcox1232::he knows an almost max offer is waiting from dallas if he plays good. I wonder if the bucks will match
1502blue::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNVBZuFaQvY
Ilovechicken2::Fact: the last play during regulation was a foul, and Haywood should have been rewarded 2 free throws. Lebron, Kobe, Wade, Durrant, Melo, and even Lin would have got the call.
Billy 630::Poor excuse. They gave them four chances to score and couldn't. That's the jazz fault not the refs.
Nervous Wreck After That Day::Refs don't call fouls at the end of regulation. Look back on late game situations only the most inexperienced of refs will call that late game foul.
spursdcmdva::Excuses
Wombat1247::Well done Bucks  just hope we can keep the Lakers out of the playoffs, but it does not matter who finishes 6,7 or 8 none of them will get past the 1 st round  Go Jazz
Aritie123::what is with jennings and passing all of a sudden?
Broken j::Woo hoo! Bucks one step closer to playoffs. Ellis needs all the playoff experience he can get.
dahojas::Also, 3 starters with goose eggs and all the bench that played in double figures. Hmmm.....
dahojas::Kanter and Favors have now shown what will happen when they have faith put in them: dominate. That's what they've done the past two games. Millsap sucked. I want him gone. HIs best is gone and lets trade him while he's worth something.
alohasnow::Milsap missed the game winning free throw, and had a crucial turnover. My thing is why we have 4 BIGs that could start in this league and 0 guards.  Watson, Williams, Tinsley... Allergic to the basket!!! Burks can score but look at his turnovers as a point. guard. Horrible team management. Jazz will miss the playoffs.
apietman::His line was better than Favors and Kanters, and he sucked???
dahojas::He lost the game for us. He didn't step up when needed. And Favors had more rebounds and points... how was his line better?
DuaneXC::Too late
dahojas::Not sure why Millsap was getting the minutes Favors was so obviously deserving. Stupid Corbin, that was a mistake. Millsap choked bad in OT
espnrodeostar::Come on Utah we are counting on you to keep the Lakers out of playoffs.
roll_n_riot::disgusting, Lakers will make the playoffs cause Uta has a harder schedule to finish the season.
GBE 300 bang bang.::yes. i agree. especially with the way lakers have been playing lately
GBE 300 bang bang.::SOSA
pmerlihan::Solid win for the Bucks.  JJ might have actually been a good move after all.
GBE 300 bang bang.::hes a solid offensive player
torrtis::Interesting fact: Favors led the Jazz in points and rebounds, but did not get to play in the 4th or OT. Major LOL. Lakers paying Ty Corbin?
topdropkilla44::a pass-first PG since HS...that's a good one jennings
WashingtonHusker27::I thought the Bucks needed to trade Ellis or Jennings, but it seems both have been playing better since JJ got here.
torrtis::Contract year, for all three.
Smoove Rocket::just bring sloan back already
scorpsnake::jazz suck in 3rd what happens others make adjustments and corbin cant
heyman110::I'm not a Bucks fan (who is) but ESPN needs to talk about Larry Sanders, he's the man. He's probably the second best center in men's basketball behind Brittney Grinner.
torrtis::He is the best interior defender in the NBA, and statistically backed. Check out Grantland.
boudz::Go Bucks!
NASH_10::Good job Bucks!
ensign.devyn::korn7860 This Jazz team plays a lot better both offensively and defensively without Big Al, hope the Front Office notices that, and lets him walk, but does what they can to keep Milsap.    A healthy Mo Williams will be enough to keep this team in the playoff picture, but they really need help at the SG and SF spot overall to take that next step, I love me some Hayward, but they need more depth then that.    First round exit is probable, but the future looks very bright for the Jazz.  Amazing when other team's fans can see it too, after 2 games.
thesteezy1josett::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Jazz lose..Suck it easy
junoNCAL::Warriors win clown  Jazz are 1.5 games back and in the 8th spot LOL  Spiraling down.. down.... down...........
ensign.devyn::Your tanks will pull through to fall out of the playoffs. Tanking is what you do best.
insiderbffs::FIRE CORBIN!!! WTF IS HE THINKING. THAT'S 2 OUT OF 5 GAMES MARVIN WILLIAMS AND RANDY FOYE GO OUT FOR DOUGHNUTS AND CORBIN WOULDN'T EVEN THINK ABOUT BENCHING THEM!!!
Topher78110::Corbin's fine and everything will be okay when Mo an Al get back
dahojas::Stupidest thing said all night.
Jumeax::Corbin just got a Huge Raise!.... From the Lakers
insiderbffs::TYRONE CORBIN SUCKS!
insiderbffs::RANDY FOYE SUCKS!
insiderbffs::MARVIN WILLIAMS SUCKS!
EspnHead21::This game should have been on national television. Shame on you ESPN, TNT and NBA TV. Shame on you. Put your heads down.
EspnHead21::NBA TV opted to air the Heat/Wolves game over Jazz/Bucks. I don't get it. SMH.
WatfordFTW012::It's always about the King and his partner in crime. Even though their playing against the Timberwolves in a relatively boring game...
torrtis::If the Jazz FO did something to shore up their backcourt using those 2 unrestricted FA, this game would have been much different.
cbenni::Free $10. This is a pretty cool blog. http://mythirteencents.blogspot.com/2013/01/personal-capital.html
patrice lumumba the leader::the fix is in big time for the lakers this year, scripted like a book lol
fajardous::Keep choking ladies because the Lakers are on your trail. At this rate, the Lakers might end up as the 6th seed, something that would have been unimaginable a few weeks ago.  GO LAKERS!
bsimon30::They won't pass the rockets. Jazz and GS I can see
HeHateMeToo22::Laker fans everywhere are smiling tonight
Shub2308::Yes sir
rbmw263::Start the Vets, miss the playoffs anyways!!  Go Jazz!
darenphill::I wish the same fate for MIL.   Unfortunately, the East has 7 teams full of absolute garbage, preventing us from getting in the lottery.  Maybe that's the Bucks new tagline "Better than Garbage"
Bucks_fan_for_real....::Yeah and the draft sucks this year.  Plus our young players need playoff experience.
WiscoMase23::you are an idiot. go to the lottery and get the 13th pick in the draft? no thanks. this team could actually win a playoff series if they dont have to play the heat
van.muhle::Maybe if we miss the playoffs, we could get Stern to swing some lotto magic for us, basti'd knows he helped the Warriors job us out of our pick last year, maybe he will make amends...
MShadows17::Jennings is averaging 18 assists in his last 2 games. Not too bad.
van.muhle::hopefully he can keep it up, its always been his biggest knock that he doesnt get others involved
FlopFloat::Utah lost.  YEP LAKER TO THE FINALS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ShiloInn1985::A powerful tornado sweeped through a Mississippi trailer park yesterday, taking many mobile homes with it.
van.muhle::lol, I doubt the Lakers would beat SA/OKC or LAC in a series
Azienkid::Nor Denver and Memphis as well.
caseygreer2::oh good lord. I can't stand laker homers. I can't wait til they get sweeped in the first round by san antonio.
Legends of Past v3::THANKS BUCKS FOR BEATING THE JAZZ FOR THE LAKERS
Matty_hans::Jennings can pass the f.uckin rock
van.muhle::about time he figured that out
korn7860::This Jazz team plays a lot better both offensively and defensively without Big Al, hope the Front Office notices that, and lets him walk, but does what they can to keep Milsap.  A healthy Mo Williams will be enough to keep this team in the playoff picture, but they really need help at the SG and SF spot overall to take that next step, I love me some Hayward, but they need more depth then that.  First round exit is probable, but the future looks very bright for the Jazz.
rbmw263::it took you one game to notice this.  Welcome to the life of a Jazz fan
caseygreer2::it's a hard life sometimes.... :P
Utah Is All Bark. All Bite.::out of playoffs is probable.
van.muhle::perhaps, but the Lakers still have to go better than 14 - 9 and even then Utah owns the tie breaker, closet Laker fan I assume?
van.muhle::Still amazed at how poorly Marvin Williams is playing, to be fair he doesnt get a lot of consistant looks but man has he struggled
