Darth Apollyon::The Blazers do have a realistic opportunity of reaching the playoffs, not the Suns.  They will have difficulty beating above average teams, and they will lose against the very good teams.  They will be fun to watch though.
AZ Jim::Fry had a lousy overall game..He couldn't hit outside, and inside he showed his defensive weakness. Markieff was recovering from flu like symptoms, but nobody really stepped up in this game to help out. Marcus needs to emulate his brother a bit more, and get his inside game going..Too bad that Dragic missed the last 8 minutes, as the Suns really needed his grit down the stretch..
HughJohnson::Myers, has been outplayed by Joel and perhaps "lost" his spot in the rotation, he's got talent, he just needs to toughen up some, I say give him time.
Cyril::I guess Markieff Morris got his one good week over with early in the season.  Every year he has one or two weeks where he plays well and everyone gets excited, and then he goes back to being a 3/7, 8 points, 3 rebounds guy.  Lots of potential there, but he is not consistent enough.
Iwvelez::Ugly game and a crazy finish. Respect to the Suns. They're scrappy and resilient. Go Blazers!
Joey::Yuck! What an ugly win - but still better than a pretty loss! Way to hang tough Blazers.  Scrappy game both ways.
Doug::Wow..... WTH Blazer fans? Have we sold out a game this year? I expect these sub-par crowds from other cities, but in a season where we should at least compete for the playoffs, we usually sell out at least until the all-star game. Cmon man. Show up and be loud......
Pete::The Sun's played a good game. But the Blazers did just enough to win that game.
HIP2CLIP::I don't think there is any question the Blazers will make the play-offs. Neal Olshey and Terry Stotts are going to be a potent combination for years to come
Ronnie M::Take dragic the waste of money player out of this game and they win, this joke and his 5-12 performance's is going to kill the Suns get rid of this piece of #$%$.
