charlie hustle bets the over::.
davethewave91::Important question:  How's Dirk going to be able to play next year without stepping no his beard?
ESPNcasualaccount92::That was a very good game but being a neutral fan this time around lol, I wonder if that was the right call at the very end of the game...It was too close to call but I just hope we don't see an article later this afternoon about how the league is sorry for another missed call. Either way, I'm still rooting for the Jazz to knock off the lakers for that 8th playoff spot...
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::BTW, Karl traded Dirk to the Mavs when they drafted him in Milwaukee and he was Bucks HC. If not for that move, Karl would have never coached the Nuggets..!!
Jonnyb8717::Karl choice to draft Dirk shows him identifying talent.  The GM of MIL is responsible for moving him to Dallas.
BurnabyJoeFan::How much did Karl have to do with that?  Isn't that really a GM activity?
BurnabyJoeFan::I get ya
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::It isn't misidentifying talents. Dirk when he first came to the league he was as raw as it gets and remember in the late 90's, PF and C like Shaq,Ewing,Malone,Duncan, Robinson were all still playing. The thought of stretch 4 at that time wasn't really what coaches liked at that time..!!
BurnabyJoeFan::I get the necessary chain of events to get him in Denver you are referring to.. I just don't want to put misidentifying a talent like Dirk on Karl.
broncosroxnugs::Yeah i didnt realize karl was the general manager
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::I know but the coach has a say in the players they draft too. It wasn't probably Karl call but I am just glad Bucks did that move..!!
-tpac_12::This has been an awful last 2 weeks injury wise 2 of the top players hurt. Yes the Nuggets are deep but Gallo was key piece
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::Karl needs to take a page out of Popovic and start Jordan Hamilton. Pop never put Joseph in the rotation and when Parker got hurt, he didn't start Neal or De-Colo, he started Joseph. Karl needs to start J-HAM and keep the bench rotation as it is..!!
rolandftw::Karl isn't going to give Hamilton minutes.
Jonnyb8717::My original idea was W. Chandler to start, and A. Randolph off the bench for Defense with J. Hamilton off the bench for Offense (depending on what is needed more at the time).  But this is interresting...  Kind of like maybe start E. Founier so A. Miller can maintain his awesome chemistry with the 2nd unit and keep his older legs more fresh to close games out, and Fournier is a faster more explosive PG (closer to what TY brings to the table).  Either way I trust GK.  GO NUGGETS!
broncosroxnugs::jham i think will be in the rotation though and I think randolph will be as well late in games cause of his length and rebounding.
charlie hustle bets the over::man i like that a lot.  i don't think it will happen, i see chandler starting.  but that's a great idea.  especially when ty comes back, keep the defense honest and make them respect the in and out game.
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::Chandler was injured all season long so he has no business of expecting to be starter over Gallo. If ILL WILL have a great run here and we go deep in the playoffs, Gallo will probably come off the bench next season just like this season situation..!!
BurnabyJoeFan::broncosroxnugs - chandler has wanted to start all season and will start.  Exactly... managing egos is a part of this deep Nuggets team. We have talent, guys want to play.  You don't bypass Chandler to bring up a guy who get 0 mins.  I trust Chandler in the clutch too... JHam needs some more experience.
broncosroxnugs::chandler has wanted to start all season and will start.
Jonnyb8717::Never thought about this, but it might actually be the best way to approach it, if any depth player (10-15) can produce at the laevel of Gallo, it would be JHam.  That would keep C. Brew and W. Chandler coming off the bench to maintain second unit dominance.  Great suggestion Nargash!
broncosroxnugs::I think hamilton is key cause he can stretch the floor. Whether it be from the bench or as a starter.
sbanuelo88::I've never been so down after a Nuggets win. Gallo's injury sucks!
broncosroxnugs::true that.
sbanuelo88::That's true but I honestly felt like we could win it all a couple weeks ago. Now with Lawson iffy and Danilo out, it is going to be really tough for the Nuggets to do so.
sbanuelo88::I know CBrew and Chandler are great replacements but that means we need the next man up(Randolph or JHam?) coming off the bench to really step it up. Regardless Lawson must be healthy and ready for us to make a playoff run.
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::I am not saying Gallo doesn't have any effect or anything but his replacements are just as good as him. Brewer is really solid player but he isn't better than Gallo but ILL WILL and Gallo has very similar style of play and ILL WILL is better defender on top of that. If Lawson is iffy, I don't think we can survive with only 1 true PG who happens to be 37..!!
broncosroxnugs::lawson has to be 100 percent for the nuggets to win it. I think gallo can be replaced.
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::Cheer up buddy. We have deep team unlike Thunder,Clippers,Grizz. Chandler,Brewer can fill up in his place..!!
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::SMH. We couldn't even catch a break with Lawson and now Gallo is probably out of the season. This means Korver has to be signed in the offseason since Gallo will likely miss at least first 2 months of the season..!!
gw687::Korver?  Great 3 point shooter, but at this point doesn't offer much else.  I'd be more focused on the development of Fournier and Hamilton, help Faried be able to move out to 10-15 feet and be dangerous, and let Chandler officially move to really playing 3.
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::Brewer,Iggy will be FA so it isn't guranteed they will come back even though I believe they both will. If we move ILL WILL to the starting lineup, we can play J-HAM but I like ILL WILL coming off the bench. Next season is long way. We have to worry about playoffs now..!!
ThunderHornz::Nuggets I am so sorry about Gallo! Any chance it migh be slightly less bad than what is suspected?
broncosroxnugs::There is always a chance it could be twisted or he strained a ligament instead of pulling the ligament but i think its acl tear .It looked like rose when he got hurt.
Jackiemoonsexy::Rose didn't twist his knee like Gallo did but their reaction to pain was the same
hornsfanatx86::30 fts for the nuggs compared to the mavs 10....sounds about right
gw687::The Nuggets make a living driving to the basket, gonna draw more fouls, especially shooting fouls.  Mavs shoot jump shots all day, not a recipe to get to the line.
charlie hustle bets the over::haha i never understand the FT disparity attack when it's the nuggets. kobe rarely drives.  nuggets are the #1 points in the paint team.  what do haters expect to happen??
hornsfanatx86::and the lakers lead the league in free throw attempts per game lol
Griss13ears::Tough break for gallinari. Unfortunately for the rest of us, denver is deep enough they will still find ways to win. Head up denver fans. I still have no desire to play a 7 round series against you guys. Still commin for that 3 spot, though! GNG.  Grizz troll
Nargash35-Manimal 2.0::Beat the Lakers first today..!!
Jackiemoonsexy::<b>There's is something in the energy drink they are taking that <i>weakens</i> the ligaments. Probably the reason of so many ACL tears nowadays</b> FDA should look at it
diehardnr1::GG Dallas....But, honestly, you guys have NO right to even be in a playoff discussion.  Mavs lost to a DEN team playing its (imo) worst game of the season, minus its top scorer, has its second top scorer go out, missed double digit FTs, and could not make a layup for its life....May as well shave those beards now.  WOW...this was the best of games and the worst of games (my apologies to Dickens). Great that DEN toughed out an important W, despite anything that could go wrong doing so...BUT the loss of Gallo was huge...hopefully its just a severe knee sprain and he will be back in playoffs...but I fear he is gone until mid season next year.  Corey Brewer...that is where DEN hopes lie without Gallo.  I think he is up to the challenge....its the depth behind him that worries me.  This injury to Gallo makes it VITAL that Ty is 100% for the playoffs...I knew the health of the Nuggets was too good to be true...but did the basketball gods have to wait until the last month to lower the hammer....smh  Wish I could be ecstatic about this W, but am just kinda sad...but, as always...  GO NUGGETS!!!
Federico6646::Every time a player is hurt so bad, you do feel sorry for him. But Gallinari has a strong will, I'm sure he'll be back in shape next season and everything will be forgotten. Somehow I got the feeling that, even if they'll miss him, the Nuggets will be able to step up and cover his position while he's not available. They got a deep roster and in a couple of weeks they could shape up a new rotation, good enough to make some noise in the playoffs.
oneandonlybabe::People talk about how bad the Mavs are but they went to Denver and only lost to the Nuggets by one? Not too terrible. Didn't see the game but wonder how the refs did on this game....
diehardnr1::they seemed to be trying to keep DAL in the race if anything...quite a few questionable calls...and no...DAL was terrible vs the poorest game by DEN all year...
diehardnr1::now if they could only get you back to Latvia, Lithuania, or Estonia...then it really would be a perfect world.  jk...kinda   ps You might want to blame the collapse vs LAL and letting Corey Brewer get that RB off the late FT instead...just sayin
Balticplayer::The refs succeeded in pushing the Mavs out of the Playoff race.
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::your average lebron fanboy  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TX7oYvAhhTI
diehardnr1::even if you are a Lakers fan...thanks for almost making me laugh out loud....stilled too bummed by Gallo injury to find humor in anything right now
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::lol best clip ever
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::who has the best wheelchair, paul pierce, wade, rose, rondo, gallinari?
Quincy Miller 30:::(
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::derick rose ACL &gt; gallo's  FACT
gw687::Derrick Rose is a better player than Gallo, and the Bulls aren't as deep as the Nuggets.  But, it is still devastating to a team that was starting to become a huge threat out west as well as building to be even better next year.
diehardnr1::main difference is, Gallo will WANT to play when it heals...
bearsbball12::Pretty much anyone's ACL is &gt; Gallo's right now
Quincy Miller 30::He'll come back stronger...
NFLFanFreak::I hate to say this but look how long it's taken D Rose to come back from his ACL Tear course there could be other issues we don't know about in that situation,
bearsbball12::A lot of it is mental. You have to believe that you can cut on that knee without it buckling, which is a pretty tough hurdle to get over.
bearsbball12::Well, I can't fault the optimism. Can't really say I share it though... Gallo most likely won't be back at 100% until the 2014-15 season.
diehardnr1::cannot fault the pessimism bearsball...but cannot say that I share it...I think Gallo will be back to form by New Years Day next season...even if its a worst case scenario.   Basically, for once, I hope you are wrong :-(
Quincy Miller 30::Thank God he's young....
DN123456789::Italia is mourning...im so sad..
Jonnyb8717::This Italian American living in Colorado is mourning too :). Go Nuggets!
bearsbball12::Colorado is mourning too :(
Quincy Miller 30::Hope we get good news tomorrow.
NFLFanFreak::It won't be good news It's a Torn ACL if anything and I'll be Surprised if it isn't. Just watching the leg twisting and the pain on his face was painful to watch.
bearsbball12::Like that, in order to accommodate the Nuggets, the NBA is requiring all playoff teams to hold out their 2nd leading scorer?
bearsbball12::The MRI is gonna say so. As much as I hate to say it, he's done.
Quincy Miller 30::There is still hope for Gallo. Can't say ACL until the MRI says so...
denverman1993::Gallos injury makes me want to cry because there was so much hope for us to make a run. Now we have to pray another team suffers an injury to aid our chances. I'm sticking with my Nuggets, but wish we would catch a break for once. Good luck to our backups for the foreseeable future. Good win...
denverman1993::You guys are right
NFLFanFreak::Yeah I agree stop wishing injurys on any other team. This is how it goes Injuries happy whether you like it or not. I'm sure we will get Ty back for the Playoffs unless he gets rushed into playing which I hope the Coaches are not that stupid to do that a 2nd time. Anyway Who knows what will happen other people could step it you never know what could happen in the playoffs.
bearsbball12::It sucks that Gallo got hurt, but that doesn't mean we have to hope for other players to get hurt also... Have some class.
LetsGoMavs-::You know the mavs are bad when their starting pg is 37 year old Mike James
bearsbball12::The last time the Nuggets were looking like legitimate contenders, Karl got cancer and was replaced by the imbecile Adrian Dantley. Now they're looking like it again and their 2 best players get hurt late in the season. Will they ever catch a break?
NFLFanFreak::Its like the Nuggets are Cursed.
I snort cocaine in club bathrooms::R.I.P. Nuggets
Balticplayer::30 to 10 FTs. Corey Brewer 8 to Mavs 10? Nuggets got nearly 15 Fts on jumpers with no contact at all. And Nuggets fans argueing with a lose ball foul. Great! You all know that this game was rigged cause the Lakers should get the 8th spot.
bearsbball12::Or it's possible that the Nuggets shot more FT's because they obsessively attack the rim. Also the home team almost always gets the benefit of most questionable calls. Always have and always will. Stop crying.
bearsbball12::I've watched you crying on here for the past 45 minutes.
Balticplayer::Did you watch the game?
dodgerblue2224::I hope Iggy takes this seriously and scores a little more and not just when he absolutely has too. He needs to start scoring around 15 a game.
bearsbball12::David Thorpe hit the nail on the head: "The Gallo injury, if it's a torn ACL, is even more tragic when considering that a healthy Nugs could have won a ring."
Silverio60::Wow missed the whole thing. saw a recorded version. All I can say is lets look on Saturdays game. Interesting to see how that works out. GO Nuggets!!!!
bucknjnr11::Even if TY didnt come back for the first round, if we get the three, we will win that series
RealZoo::I hope Gallinari is ok...would like to see the Nuggets make some noise in the playoffs.
Balticplayer::Mavs are done. Lets see if the Jazz can win against the refs.
504 tron::I never said the mavs sucks for starters, however the three of us know that denver is not going home in the first round.  That your opinion, ovi, but a crazy bold prediction based on anger and rage dawg.
504 tron::Your so right bucknjnr11.   True dat bro, underated in my opinion chandler is.  yoda would agree
bucknjnr11::you're a crybaby...your team just sucks
bucknjnr11::GAllo is better getting to the line but Wilson is more of a pure scorer. No doubt a better defender I think its a toss up with those two. You're right about that tho, I say give Fournier some minutes here and there
bearsbball12::Chandler is probably not quite as good as Gallo, but the drop off won't be from Chandler replacing Gallo in the starting lineup. It will be from the guy that replaces Chandler off the bench.
bucknjnr11::Wilson is a better scorer and defender...just so you know
bucknjnr11::Wilson Chandler is just as good...we will win the first round easily do you even watch basketball?
Balticplayer::Gallo is out. Now your team sucks. See the Nuggets go down in the first round.
Balticplayer::Nuggets do not earn this W. They played very bad. Mavs wre the better team and they should have won with good refereeing.
diehardnr1::Dude...go back to Estonia or Latvia...or whichever rock you crawled out from under...DAL just plain sucks....accept it...
504 tron::Dude, we got bad calls too, faried did nothing to dirk, and kenny picked up like three fouls in 2 min etc .  huh?  There is now a werid snese that Nuggets and refeeres have this incredible bond that cannot be broken?   Easy guys, when the refs go to bed, they don't have a poster of the nuggets roster above their beside and kiss the poster for good luck.  Trust me on that, They would prefer the heat over denver for starters however That bulls game was a hoodene act to say the least,right call though, that call can't linger forever with denver move on with that &lt; saying that outloud not to anyone.
RoidRage1986::what are you talking qbout the mavs were getting away with flops the entire 2nd half. nowitzki hacking people in the lane with no whistles. dirk 0 fouls tonight.
bucknjnr11::balticplayer is a whinny $@%!$
Balticplayer::Faried pushed him every time. He is playing too hard sometimes.
dodgerblue2224::Hey, go Bayern!
Balticplayer::That was a clean block by Brewer. But the Refs prefered the Nuggets all night long.
Balticplayer::Just another rigged NBA game.
dodgerblue2224::Nothing rigged about Anthony Morrow getting the last shot of a game. Thats the teams fault.
504 tron::True Dat ^
bearsbball12::If that's what will help you sleep.
ron953::http://instntrply.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/boshflop.gif
NickInP-Town::homeboy in the twitter comments has it dead on....there will be no drop off with the starting 5 when chandler is inserted in the starting 5...question is, who will replace chandler? my guess is randolph for the most part.
dodgerblue2224::Randolph will get time but Hamilton should be the backup 3. Or give Fournier increased minutes and run Iggy and Brewer at the 3 instead of the 2. I dont always agree with Karl, but if there is one thing he is good at, its finding the right rotations.
dodgerblue2224::Ya, they those two need to step up. Especially Hamilton, He needs to prove himself.
504 tron::We can get the three point shots for hamilton and fourneir etc agree ^ being that gallo was a good three point shooter
504 tron::Nuggets fans you don't wont to rush Ty yet, played 20 min vs spurs and shot airballs didn't look good, GK should not have played him, now he is expected to maybe play vs spurs again in pepsi, I would not cuz I won't him 100% not 90 percent, get better bro, were you feel great and not pretty good dont want to reagrivate anything if not fully healed.
Judge Smails.::I was furious when I saw that Lawson played in the SA game, even before he looked bad.  They absolutely should have been careful and made him sit until the Utah game at minimum.
NickInP-Town::from everything i have read, there is really no need to be concerned with Ty (other than rust) if they decide to hold him off until the playoffs he will be 100%
Judge Smails.::Better hope so, a bad foot is bad news for a guy whose game is based on speed and quickness.
504 tron::^True Dat
Judge Smails.::C'mon and pull an Adrian Peterson here Danilo.
If Yur Not 1st Yur Last::Gallo's not exactly a beastly black guy if I can be so blunt, but yes I hope its not even serious to begin with.
bearsbball12::That would be great, but it looks/sounds pretty damn serious. Gotta feel for Gallo, it sucks having to watch games from the bench, especially playoff games.
504 tron::To be really honest as a nuggets fan, yea you gonna miss gallo, but r u really??  You lose his points per game,but  cuz were so deep someone like cbrew or wilson takes his place takes care of that, the only thing im worried about is his threes were gonna miss.  His D on threes im not going to miss for now, he gave that game away that we should of won in San antonio.   Nice player, honestly guys, you don't really lose much, its like a skinny taller, white melo no Defense player you lose.  But seriously, gallo love you get better bro.  Hopefully ty gets back that important for right now.  Evan forunier showed me something tonight, good young player, international kid, he could thrive with the spurs, typical popovich player, but he is on the Nuggets.  #Nuggets
504 tron::Yea you guys are right, gallo aint perfect i do find some flaws, but as a nugget fan haha im trying to sugar code this in a way that makes me feel better cuz the injury sucks idk.  Its sucks that their both hurt, all I hear from teams is that we don't want to face and play this team in the playoffs, now that our two top scorers are gone someone has to step up.  However Hoever, im impressed a back to back, 2nd game no gallo and ty and we win with terrible free thorws and turnovers and again iggy 4th better, terrible d on mavs but I as a nuggets fans Have not seen the best of Iggy yet, I guess thats a good thing on offense at least waiting for the playoffs?
If Yur Not 1st Yur Last::Really $@%!$@ day.  The second I sit down and put the game on he gets hurt.  I'm pessimistic about it... already looking at stuff like this... sort of makes me feel better. http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1177651-10-nba-players-that-suffered-torn-acls-and-recovered-better-than-ever Rubio's recovery gives me hope.  Gallo's my favorite player.
bearsbball12::Gallo is our 2nd best player after Lawson. Losing him is a big blow.
Judge Smails.::Losing Gallinari sucks, but Lawson is the one that really hurts.
504 tron::Yea your right Judge Smails.  Hope they both get back as soon as possible.
KG turn down CP3::Clippers
epitome1986::all the mavericks had to do was get that rebound on the missed free throw and bam, a road victory. instead they have completely shut their playoff hopes.
lakers2013champsz GBE 300 .bangbang::griner &gt; lebum
dwade grater den jordan 15.0::haha LBJ &gt;&gt;&gt; KOBRICK
evandziobak15::Nuggets need guys to step up even more now.. Yes the Nuggs will miss Gallo and he is an important player... However injuries happen and they need to move and continue to play good ball... Depth is a huge strength for this team... Very confident that both Corey and Wilson will do well... Go Nuggets!
bearsbball12::Gallo's injury kills us not only this year, but next year as well. Obviously he's done for the season but he's gonna miss the majority of next season as well and when he does finally come back, he won't be 100%. We probably won't see him return to form until the 2014-15 season. That's a depressing thought. Just when it was looking like the Nuggets were legit contenders...
504 tron::So we either need or have a miracle or nothing damn, ok thanks for the input, appreciate it man thanks.  SMH Can't believe it.   Im a Nuggets fan too, honeslty bro, with ty back lets say first round, how far you think this team can go in the playoffs?  I hope they play mozey some minutes maybe play really big, then really small, GK good with roations.
504 tron::So Bears,  Nuggets fans, out there, is gallo being hurt like this, is  probly the worst injury we are trying to avoid or i guess is the worst injury no player wants and takes longer to heal, I thought broken was worse i guess not, that sucks dude.  That sucks bro, man this team is a very very good nuggets team i mean damn.  shame.  Get better gallo.  I guess ACl is the worst then mcl etc?
bearsbball12::A torn ACL is pretty much the worst injury you can have. Your ACL essentially is what prevents your knee from popping out of place, so when it's torn, you obviously have a pretty major problem. Ligaments don't repair themselves so Gallo will have surgery to have his ACL replaced (when I tore mine, they took a  graft from my hamstring to make my new ACL). After surgery, it's typically about a year before your new ACL is strong enough to function the way your old one did before it was torn.
504 tron::Really Bearsbball12, idk if your a nuggets fans, and im not a doctor, but that long???  14-15 season, Its not like he broke it?  Your making it seem like the louiville ware kid that broke his leg injury not sound as bad as gallos injury?  or vise versa on that? we don't know the results maybe he heels fast we don't know, so your 100% sure we don't see gallo 2 round or later?  Im not saying your wrong bro, no pundt intended or anything like that, no offense.  Just sounds like a long time man.
NickInP-Town::unfortunately, bears is right on with this one...ware will be out 3 months AT THE LONGEST and probably be at 100% in 5 or 6 months...Gallo will be back by December or January at the earliest. we are going to find out what this team is really made of now.
bearsbball12::He didn't break his leg, but that would actually be better than a torn ACL. Recovery from a torn ACL takes about a year, but at that point he still most likely won't be 100%. Every injury is different of course, but I'm not counting on seeing the same Gallo until 2 seasons from now.
Judge Smails.::Gallo will likely be back sooner than that (although who knows, look at the Derrick Rose situation), but might not be 100% until that 2014-15 season.  I think they can survive without Gallinari next year because Chandler and Iguodala are both best suited to play the 3 as well.    (hopefully AI doesn't opt out, or does re-sign in Denver)  Bears is definitely a Nuggets fan by the way.
NickInP-Town::sickening.
torrtis::Too costly a win.
Ryqou::the only thing that can stop the NUGS ...Injuries :(  I was looking forward 2 watching this team in the Playoffs. I really believed they were the team 2 beat in the WEST ...only team that could potentially top my SPURS   guess the SPURS got a free ride 2 the FINALS now
frostno1998::If Lawson is 100% by playoffs time the Nuggets should get by the 1st round against the Clippers or GSW.  They won't beat OKC without Gallo but maybe the Spurs.
504 tron::No one is going to feel sorry for  Gallo but the nuggets fans players coaches etc.  I still like our chances to go the the CONF finals, that is  a huge accomplishment in it of itself, winning at playing miami in the finals would be awesome, winning it all would be a dream come true, but its possible.  I love this team, the excitement, no superstar, you don't have to be a superstar or all star to be great and make it in this league, play for geeorge karl and play smart and hard and you will get PT.  It is funny that Denver is a very good team, and yet know one went to the all star game, how sad, and faried wins the rookie soph mvp game.  Sad that the Basketball fans hate denver and ridicule them.  Hey they try, and are playing pretty damn good basketball!
504 tron::George Karl Coach of the year, he should win it!! I don't see why not?!
504 tron::As a nuggets fan yes its sucks that gallo is hurt, but were deep and if we can put a player like cbrew or wilson chandler etc to replace him right now im fine with that. #Nuggets  Best home court in Entire NBA  Gotta be somewhat impressed basketball fans.
504 tron::Best thing possible for denver is get ty for playoffs there saying might be back for spurs at pepsi, but I can't take that chance, I will wait at least till the bucks game or Portland game second to last game or last.  Rest that heal.   Ty for round 1, and gallo for round 2 i hope!
devstology::Faried is the key to the entire team!
504 tron::^ I completely agree with everything you said, however we could also play Houston or Memphis, As a nugget  fan hope we play GS.  I think the nuggets can beat all those teams you and I mentioned, home and road with Ty lawson back!  Especially for the road we need him.
