turkeyface23::jimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmer!@!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ibnfrey::Go Wolves! :)
AllDay220::Evans, Thornton, Cousins = 42 percent shooting, bad defense, losses. Kings need to embrace the future: Jimmer, Thomas, Thompson and wins.
antonio lopez gomez::!!!!!!!!!!!!!GO RICKY RUBIO!!!!!!!!  ..FUERZA GENIO ..VAMOS  ...HACIA LOS JUEGOS FINALES !!!!!!!!!!!! SALUDOS A TODOS LOS FANS  DE LOS LOBOS DESDE ESPAÑA !!!!!!
luvnbayes::They are now 10-5 (.667) since Rubio has been starting.  And it’s basically the same team that went 17-65 last year.  Adelman deserves a lot of the credit, but Rubio is the real reason.   There are only 6 teams in the league with a better pct. than .667.  Think about it, Rubio and Love and not much else has the 7th best record since Rubio was put into the starting lineup.
AllDay220::The Wolves are smart to play Rubio. Unfortunately, the Kings are benching Jimmer in favor of a proven loser: Thornton.
jamesjohnswan::do any wolves fans think that with 3 minutes to go in a close game, it was a little dumb to go away from what they did all game and let Beasley go one-on-one for three possessions in a row?  He missed all three and those were huge possessions.  Lucky those didn't cost them the win.
AllDay220::I didn't see the game, but yes. Beasley shouldn't be getting Isos possibly ever, let alone three in a row in the clutch.
jamesjohnswan::exactly what I was thinking.  I don't mind giving him a shot because he's the best pure scorer the wolves have, but Rubio has shown that he can make the right decisions down the stretch, and it would go a long way for a rookie point guard to get some late game opportunities under his belt.
AllDay220::Giving a subpar player isos is counterintuitive. Back in the day, the Jazz rarely gave K Malon isos. They let Stockton keep running the offense and they got 50 win season after 50 win season.
luvnbayes::Beasley has been pretty good in the clutch for the Wolves, so I can see going to him once or twice.  But 3 straight was stupid, because he didn't even come close the first two times.  Yes, I agree, they should have continued to go high screen with Rubio and let him turn the corner and make the right bb decision.
luvnbayes::Jim Peterson said in the broadcast last night what I've said for the past 10 games, Rubio is even better defensively than he is offensively.  Not just the steals, but he disrupts the offense a ton of times,  keeps his man in front of him, reads plays before they happen.  I'll say it again, if Rubio becomes a decent shooter, and that's a big if, but if he does, he is going to dominate this league.
David Richie::i think he has already improved his shooting a considerable amount from when he was in europe.  hopefully that upward trajectory continues
smarauder6801::I'm wondering if there's ever been a rookie to lead the league in assists and steals??? Rubio has a chance at those if he can maintain his recent play over the rest of the season. Remember, his assists ppg avg was severely hurt early in the season when he came off the bench and was averaging just 6 or 7 assists....I think he's over 10 per game since he's been a starter. He's got a chance to beat out Nash and Rondo if he keeps this up and if his teammates can shoot a little better.
jm59::Interesting +/-s for the Kings tonight.  Interesting how much better a team can be when they share the basketball (Jimmer/IT) than when they go 1 on 5 (Evans/Thornton).  Wish they could trade Thornton for something of value, but unfortunately most GMs in the league probably check out game film these days.  (Used to be able to count on the Clippers - but those days appear over now.  I miss Elgin).
Psychrates::Trade Tyreke for Rubio. Straight up.
benw023::I couldn't agree more
WhyUHatin47::Kings are lucky KLove didnt play. Would have been a 20 point massacre.
thats quagmire::PEK &gt; garnett
marcpru60::ouch, sac one of those teams that needs to be contracted, no talent worth keeping in nba and only beat them by two... oh well, a win is a win
Psychrates::You wanna talk contraction?  When's the last time you saw a championship?
Paint_Thinner_Packer_Fan::haha incorrect
ilyak_17::Do you realize that without Love, the Kings unquestionably have more talent than the Wolves?
AllDay220::You wish. Cousins defense is pathetic.
Psychrates::Cousins is already the 2nd best center in the league. Ain't stupid @ all.
tyande01::hands down the dumbest post ive heard on a board this season so far and ive heard some pretty dumb things
tyande01::hahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.........NO
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love! Cheers Peko Peko!
SaintsNO9::Rofl at beas going 7-21 off the bench.
Cappiethedog::For all the people who jumped off the Clipper bandwagon, hop on board the Timberwolves Express. If they can win without Love, Minnesota is in really good shape.
Joe Raygor::lol I'm still a Clippers fan despite the Billups injury.  I do like the T-Wolves though and hope they continue to do well. I might go to a game next time I'm in Minneapolis (Love the town).
Visionsun916::It's just he Kings, let's calm down.   You may have the deepest front line in the game though: Pek - Darko - Love - Beasley - Williams - Randolph Talented, athletic, scrappy group.
ilyak_17::Except Darko and Randolph are awful, and the only thing Beasley is good at is taking shots.
Aaron14488::although I dont agree with all of smart's decisions with Jimmer(the two DNPs and taking him out tonight), I think he's done an ok job with Jimmer and this team...considering.  Still cant stand Thornton or Salmons, but this team is playing better and there is finally a slight sense of some team chemistry.
BlueChewy06::I think the only time the team has any chemistry is when Thorton is out of the game and Fredette or Thomas take his place.  I think Fredette should get the start and Thomas should back him up.  Move Evans to the 2
fmunozcuevas::After Phil Jackson' triangle, comes Ricky Rubik' cube.....................(ducking for cover)
JoeDude49::wow
jhaghi::I love how even though the Wolves get the win and are above .500 they still start the article with a shot at the team...
Jaggerton::PEK SMASH!
BlueChewy06::Why does every article that mentions Jimmer mention that he is having a rough start to his rookie year?  Shooting 37% from the field is not bad for a rookie.  Its not good, but just under half his shots are 3 point attempts, and he is a great FT shooter.  Basically, he's shooting just as good as a big man shooting 46% from the field.  And, Jimmer has to create all of his shots since Marcus Thorton hasn't passed the ball since he played for the Hornets.  I do find it funny that the Kings are better with the Jimmer/Thomas combo, than with Evans/Thorton combo.  However, their best lineup seems to be going small with Thomas/Jimmer/Evans/Hickson/Cousins.  Jimmer and Thomas are both great passers, and Evans is such a good cutter.
Psychrates::Thornton/Evans hate Fredette/ Cousins/ Donte Greene like him. Locker room divide...
schroer123413123::jimmers only money whens hes standing by himself id hope if youre getting paid in the nba you can make a shot standing by yourself
Kingslive::Moronic statement...that's like comparing his game to JJ Reddick.
schroer123413123::jimmers only money whens hes wide open and if your getting paid in the nba i hope you can make a shot standing by yourself
joshsy77::Last night he was money with good coverage - and that last 3 that Green took was wide open.  Did you watch the game or do you just like to comment?
joshsy77::I don't get why people ignore what he can do in the game.  The Kings couldn't get a point until Jimmer went in in the 4th and put up 11 points in a row then got another 2 points and 2 assists; so he gives the Kings 17 points (including assists) and is hot but he still is passing the ball to others who aren't passing back to him when he's open.  Jimmer is money on the side 3; had that last shot gone to the guy who played like he deserved to be on the court I think we would have walked away with a win.
Jaggerton::Jimmer was scaring the hell out of me in the 4th, without Rubio's defense he probably would have won the game.
stjohns57::Who needs the love....
Goldfinger5887::Not too bad without Love in the lineup..........  It's been a long time coming since the Twolves were power ranked at #13..................ever since Garnett left;........
sanchoz::anybody know if there is a place on the internet to watch the recording of the whole game?
kzwider::Knowshon Moreno is such a d-bag lol http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/02/what-was-knowshon-thinking.html
camerontowe23::Did Isaiah Thomas get hurt?
haberguy::He did. He had a crack in his knuckle pregame or something like that.
JohnQAdams76::No, but the Kings did when he was on the court.   Haha, Jk. IT is actually probably my second favorite Kings player, despite all the annoying fans from Seattle
Jumane Redway::Looks like we're going to have co-rookies of the year with Kyrie and Ricky...I don't think there's any argument that one's been playing better than the other.
Iceman21990::wolves shooting % was complete $@% in the second half. FT's included. Rubio would've had 20 assists easy if people just made easy shots. gg otherwise, pek dominated, rubios defense was insane.
Grubie024::rubio is the best defending PG i've ever seen on the Wolves no question.  He is something special
ilyak_17::I have watched Kyrie quite a bit, and he is amazing.  People say he is more of a SG but he definitely gets his teammates involved.  Unfortunately for him he doesn't have that great of teammates so a lot of time he takes it upon himself to put up the points.
Jaggerton::I agree.  I haven't watched Kyrie much, but it feels like a dead heat, the way Rubio plays defensively.
JeffreyBond13::Rubio leads the league in double doubles. All Irving does is score. Irving is a great shooting guard... but Rubio's defense is better than Irvings shooting.
JeffreyBond13::Points/Assists double doubles...
BunnyTheLifeguard::If you add up the points and assists Rubio is contributing about 29 points a game compared to Irving's 28. It's just too close and too early in the season to declare Irving or Rubio as the clear favorite for RoY. It's going to be exciting to watch these guys once they're used to the NBA level
leonsearcy::rubio has been improving all the time---but kyrie is something from above
NBA_refs_are_weak::if you had to split hairs, id argue that rubio is playing with kevin love, while kyrie has.....
BlueChewy06::obviously rubio didn't need love today.
n8n8n888::Ricky has been impressive, but right now Kyrie is hands down the ROY.  That said, there is still time yet to change that.
bomborivera1::All you PEKkers are crackin me up.
pootes9::Twolves look like they play a lot faster without love in the line up...
minny snowta::home record isn't so bad now! and winning without mad love is a boost to our other guys!
1vue::marcus thornton needs to pass the ball more.....
Psychrates::He wants to start, and Jimmer's in the way. Hence, no passing.
eyerazzi::touche
n8n8n888::Someone once mistakenly told him he is a shooter, and he hasn't figured out that person was just messing w/him.
basketball_bum926::Don't look now, but the the T'Wolves are just 1 game out of seeds 5-8 in the Western Conference (there's a 4-way tie)!
kenbomc::Pekovic speaking to Cousins before the opening tip (sounding like Drago -Rocky Balboa's opponent):  "I..must..break..you."
kpreichel::The Ref did a head-fake at the opening tip which was complete bs.
toshsghost::I...live...in...America...Hand to Hand...Across the Nation...Livin in America
n8n8n888::Great line from a great movie.
matt8251::why does our division have to be so good?
rrobis01::oh word ricky, you're going to throw up 14 assists and make plays on d?  screw it, put him as an all star reserve.
schroer123413123::he really should be there he would be considered a snub if he didnt get the vote hes up there with steve nash tied for the most 10+ assists games
rrobis01::if blake griffin can be a starter based solely on his dunks, i see no reason why rubio shouldn't get in.
Dinomeyt::They better, people love him
NBA_refs_are_weak::the twolves are 13-12? wow. and 6-4 on the road
Plargo::Rubio  6 rebounds	 14 assists 5 steals 6 pts  Nice day at the office for someone supposedly not good enough for the NBA
minny snowta::he is ready!
FenaciousP::Pek walked in his sleep last night. There were no survivors.
designtoad::Finally, Jimmer is getting back in the game. The coach has been a complete idiot. Westphal may not have been the best coach, but the team could pass and was fun to watch.
eyerazzi::They are still ball hogs you dumb $7^%!
haberguy::are you an idiot? westphals teams were all ballhogs and no real plays on offense. It was pathetic. Smart has handled Jimmer the right way, carefully.
minny snowta::Jimmer almost put the wolves away, good game kings!!
BlueChewy06::Jimmer would have put the wolves away, but Keith "Dumba**" Smart benched his best perimeter shooter when they needed a shooter
n8n8n888::They put him back in and immediately showed what he could do.  Just as he did for several games just before not playing a few games.  Not a very wise move by the coach.
Psychrates::Thornton/Evans hate Jimmer. They're threatened, tradeable assets. If Jimmer shows any signs of starting, Evans is gone. and Thornton is on the bench.
n8n8n888::Great question.  I can't imagine what the answer might be.
designtoad::Why doesn't the coach play him? And why doesn't the team pass the ball?
thebookshateme::WWW.FADETHEBOOKIE.COM. ..GREAT SPORT HANDICAPPING SITE...I OWN THIS SITE…MY RECORD IS 99-24-3 IN THE PAST 5 MONTHS... I HAVE OVER 300 MEMBERS AND OVER 10 ACCESS PLANS TO CHOOSE FROM... I WAS THE HEAD GUY AT PROCAPPERS BEFORE I WENT SOLO AND OPENED MY OWN SERVICE...I AM RANKED #15 IN THE NATION....REGISTRATION IS FREE....JUST PICK A PACKAGE THAT BEST SUITS YOUR NEEDS…ALL OF MY PACKAGES ARE MARKED DOWN 50% FOR THE MONTH….PLUS I RUN DAILY SPECIALS…I’VE BEEN OVER 85% EVERY YEAR FOR THE PAST 10 YEARS…I AM ALSO A SPORTS WRITER AND ANALYST FOR ESPN AND CBS SPORTS
BlueChewy06::You are ranked 15th in the nation???  I'm going with one of the other better 14
NBA_refs_are_weak::99-24-3? INCREDIBLE!! WHERE CAN I SEND ALL MY MONEY AND VALUABLES. SIGN ME UP
leonsearcy::i dont believe you
Evil2Hope::ah come on anything in caps has to be true.
sandhoefner::PEK &gt; Tom Brady
ttinsley69::NIKOLA PEKOVIC!
byucougs187::i was just messin with him haha but no i dont like my own stuff
BlueChewy06::Cougs represent
byucougs187::like your own post? haha
n8n8n888::You too?
kenbomc::same?
yata9arasu::Congrats to Wolves for getting over .500 for the first time in a while!  :)  Good luck for the rest of the season!  Go Cavs!
n8n8n888::Too bad Kings can't leave Jimmer out there more.  They could have used him sooner.  Oops, that was their bad I guess.
eyerazzi::Smart really isn't that "smart"
byucougs187::@rmnica23 seriously cousins, thornton, and evans are the most selfish players ive seen.
Psychrates::Don't blame Cousins.
Rmnica23::the ball hogs have to get their 20 shots first
n8n8n888::Didn't work too well for them I might add.
Rmnica23::Jimmer would have made that shot
designtoad::plenty of people missed their shots. Jimmer was the best guy out there today.
kenbomc::Sure bud. Just like when Cousins, according to him, was fouled on every single play in which he didn't score.
clayakin::good game Seattle KINGS..........
FenaciousP::Pek kills and then eats a grizzly bear during every timeout. I expect him to do well against Memphis tomorrow.
thechad95::Pek is awkward, but effective!!!!!
BlueChewy06::He looked a lot less awkward today than he has most of this season.  Made some great post moves.
bbranan::Mongoloid, he was a mongoloid One chromosome too many
SteelGot.it::Glad we got a W without Mr. Love, some great young pieces... I'm glad I can actually look forward to upcoming basketball seasons instead of dreading them especially after KG got traded. Reminds me of a young OKC, seems no one really remembers them being really young, raw, and losing a lot ha.
thechad95::Man is this team fun to watch. I don't care if they make the playoffs or not, this is still an exciting team. Don't count this team out. Adelman is proving what a great coach he is.
leonsearcy::yes he is
mn_tanz::And here Cavs fans said Rubio would be exposed and get only about 4 assists with no Kevin Love.  So much for that.  And tons of people said Love only got rebounds because no one else for the wolves knew how to rebound.  So much for that, too.
