marcpru60::How weak has Stern made the Nba? Pistons four wins out of playoff picture.
MansGame5313::I think the Pistons should try and make a push for Dwight Howard if he becomes a free agent i know the odds are almost nil but him with greg up front would be great
t casey::No trade for Dwight Howard would ever happen for us unless we threw in Greg Monroe. And Dwight wouldn't re-sign unless we got another star player here anyway, so paring Dwight with Monroe is probably out of the picture.
marcpru60::throw in charlie v and b gordon, have not given up on stuckey yet, when takes it inside he is good but not sure if afraid of contact or forgets about how solid he is since some games he does and some games not, when he does he has very effective game
Sniper_Brosef::who could we offer???  theyd want multiple players....id like it but its not going to happen  i guess we could give Stuckey, Tayshaun, and a pick or maybe pull some 3 team deal
91Gmoney9009::Haha the Magic wouldnt take the entire pistons squad for Dwight Howard. Pistons were great when it was Billups, Rip, Prince, Sheed and Ben. Now the Pistons are the laughing stock of Detroit.
Nacho8849::<pre>I wish I was as manly as</pre> <b><i>KURT WARNER</i></b>
Maverick Man 33::3 solid plays for today!! picks were 5-1 for wednesday email me if interested: bakkerwillson@gmail.com
theprodctz::Yes Nets fans, Dwight would really like to join this utter trainwreck of a team.
Nacho8849::<pre> what </pre>
Nacho8849::struckthrough Text
Nacho8849::hi
Nacho8849::<i><b>hi</b></i>
Nacho8849::hi
Nacho8849::<p>lol</p>
Nacho8849::hi
Nacho8849::hi
Nacho8849::hi
Nacho8849::lol
Nacho8849::Lol
MetropolitansFan::god-awful
todd-god::Who really cares about the NBA anyway? You all should be watching the Wings! The pistons seriously? Its not even a real NBA season anyway...
detroit_david::God, sometimes I hate my fellow Detroit fans. Mostly because I hate bandwagoners. When one of our team is good, then's when a lot of you guys come to root for our team.
MSUBALLFINAL4::Hahaha Hockey is the 4th most popular sport in Michigan, hockey is boring and i could care less if Hockey was banned forever, and im sure that im not the only who feels this way
91Gmoney9009::I used to like hockey, but thats when I was 3 and realized there was football, basketball and baseball
a_tizzy::people r so willing to turn their back on the pistons but were rowdy as hell at the palace a few years ago. I'm a fan of all our teams too, just cause the lions lost every week I still watched.
DetKoolAid::and its a more gruesome nba season probably harder than playing 82 games with how frequent they are playing this season
DetKoolAid::why not root on all your teams? pistons and wings have the most recent detroit championships
drewg1984::Jealous that people don't like your sport? Nobody cares, troll!
DetKoolAid::det_rules you don't want players who are okay with losing. -------------------------- I didnt say to be okay with losing, but its more of a business decision. Free agents arent going to line up to come to detroit, we have to rebuild through the draft. remember JoeD only got chauncey billups through free agency because no one else wanted him....everyone else came through trade and that makes teams weary to trade with JoeD knowing he has made some great lopsided trades in his time as GM  but trying to win with a few good pieces will leave us just as mediocre as the grant hill era and just like him monroe and knight will bolt first chance they get! we need to get better through draft or we will continue to fight to win games and be mediocre
a_tizzy::I think there were some trades in the works after those signings but that $@%! vetoed them
DetKoolAid::do you not remember the Grant Hill era?? we had some "good young players" then as well. how do you propose the pistons get this thing turned around then? you arent going to sign any impact free agents,  you see the best we could do was ben gordon and charlie v and look how that turned out
a_tizzy::there's a statistic I saw on Mlive once about how teams in the lottery get stuck in the lottery, I think making strides is as important as picking up solid players, u cant keep drafting players and losing or else how can you value the players you've drafted as "winners" and build around them. They are doing the right thing right now
who named Rick Perrys hunting lodge::His D is fantastic, I like his rebouding ability as well. Having seen a few Kentucky and uconn games, I have been much more impressed with davis than I have Drummond. Drummond just hasnt impressed me enough.
a_tizzy::I wish we could trade ben gordon while swapping first round picks with someone
DetKoolAid::me to, have you seen how anthony davis plays D? he is colleges ben wallace with offensive flow to his game and the ability to handle the rock.  he averages like 4 blocks a game!
who named Rick Perrys hunting lodge::I hope Joe D drafts a big man.
DetKoolAid::and what i say to that is, OKC Thunder, Timberwolves look to be trending upward and are playing without beasley who is injured  and most teams who get mired in lottery mediocrity also dont strike gold on their draft picks like we have with monroe and night to pair with role players like stuckey, jerebko, maxiel  we are one anthony davis, andre drummond, or harrison barnes away from being a good young team that may actually attract a few free agents
who named Rick Perrys hunting lodge::Some fans may want the team to lose but the players dont. We will be fine, we have a couple players with good potential. This will not turn out like the hill era. We will not waste draft picks on Korleone Young type players.
MattNYG21::We want Howard! We want Howard! D-Will + D12 + Brooklyn = Dominance
Sniper_Brosef::you just stated that there would be 2-3 other players that arent currently on your team added.....THAT IS A COUPLE MORE PIECES MORON!
netsbucs::k btw...........................................................I ........f u ck ed ur b it ch   #based god
Sniper_Brosef::k bro....you dont have reading comprehension so im out....learn to admit mistakes sometime....it makes you a better person
netsbucs::the u  f u ck  u saying "man up". plus u never said "more players would want to come when d-will and howard are on the same team i'm just stating the obvious."  I did!
Sniper_Brosef::you tried to say im wrong while stating EXACTLY what i said....quit back tracking and man up
netsbucs::relax dog obviously more players would want to come when d-will and howard are on the same team i'm just stating the obvious.
netsbucs::wrong providing that howard does come in free agency. the bench would be farmar, morrow, stevenson/james/williams/ draftpick/ or free agency player, humphries, and okur/ free agency player
Sniper_Brosef::they wouldnt have a solid bench!  thats what im saying....if the nets got howard they would be better but DEFINITELY not championship calibur...they would need a couple more pieces for that.....The bulls and Heat are the competition here....remember that
Sniper_Brosef::no it doesnt....but it would get you into the playoffs....youd need A LOT more than that
netsbucs::true but if dwight comes in free agency many analysts think thats championship calibur with a solid starting lineup and bench
DetKoolAid::"@yodaspeaks I wonder if BG is sitting out to get healthy for a trade. I didnt even really see when he got hurt."  your boy BG played ok tonight as the 6th man in a scorers role, but still not worth the 11 mill a year
Sniper_Brosef::I hated that signing from the get go....he was terrible in chicago and hes terrible here.....hes just not a star and hes making star type money
det_rules::8 seed, here we come.
a_tizzy::we almost did already
Lionsfan1174::upset the Miami Heat!!!!!!!!!! :P
Bill_Ontario 436.1::Rodney Stuckey on a Lakers jersey? More details to come...
Sniper_Brosef::so you can only have one PG???  look at the clippers with paul and billups, i know hes out now but they were great in tandem with each other....another true point wouldnt hurt
Lionsfan1174::I like Morris but lets face it we have Brandon Knight and if we trade Stuckey our only SG is a 6'3" guy
drewg1984::Rodney Stuckey ON a Lakers' jersey? You mean s-h-i-t-t-i-n-g on?
Sniper_Brosef::Id take a first rounder and Darius Morris!!!!
Lionsfan1174::they don't have 1st rounders worth anything, again the Lakers have nothing to offer
Sniper_Brosef::please NOT Gasol!!!  Give us 1st rounders and someone from the bench
Lionsfan1174::screw that they don't have anything to offer unless we're getting Bynum or Gasol!
Sniper_Brosef::huh?  youre a troll though....
Sniper_Brosef::anyone else worried that the pistons are playing themselves out of the lottery???  dont get me wrong I love that were starting to win, albeit against poor teams, but I still think were a big man away from competing and there are several that could come out and make a big impact for us
t casey::I feel you, Sniper. I think we're 1 more great or just really good draft pick away from having a good core that can develop into an elite team. A lot of it depends on how well Monroe and Knight continue to grow though.
Sniper_Brosef::yea that was directed at DAG above you
Sniper_Brosef::Monroe is the only positive???  You dont know basketball...Jerebko is GREAT and Knight is a solid rookie point guard.....their both going to develop into good players
who named Rick Perrys hunting lodge::Knight is going to be very good, he is going through some ups and downs like all rookies but he is going to be a special player. JJ has a good attitude. Monroe is a monster, I agree with you.
who named Rick Perrys hunting lodge::They are not playing themselves out of the lottery, that is for sure. Even bad teams go on a run every now and than.
dag2580::lol they are going to be a lottery team, monroe is becoming a beast which is the only positive.
Mets2410::don't worry they'll stick in the lottery
Mets2410::we aren't beating san antonio so we gotta win in detroit like last time! can't go on a 5 game losing streak nets! but in all honesty, as long as d-will plays well and the nets don't get totally embarrassed every time I'm totally fine with it considering D-Will is the only healthy player on our team right now who should be starting in the NBA (Hump and Morrow are good but better off the bench should not be your second and third best players). Until we get Brook and MarShon back, and then Dwight.
MattNYG21::we wont be too bad when healthy. Were definitely a contender for a playoff spot with those 2 healthy and effective. Lopez just needs to average more than 6 boards a game!!!
netsbucs::lopez will, he said that was his main concern working on that during the lock-out and off-season
MattNYG21::For all the haters.... Just wait in a few years  D-Will (top 3 pg) Marshon (all star potential) Kirilenko Hump Dwight (best c in the league by the way) Lets see the pistons beat that!!!!! Can't wait till Brooklyn!!!!
t casey::Beat what? It's kind of hard to beat hypothetical hopes and dreams... Talk to me when Dwight actually signs there. Otherwise, not only could you miss out on Dwight but D-Will most likely won't re-sign leaving you with just Lopez and Humphries.
a_tizzy::well im not necessarily hating, just happy the pistons won lol
netsbucs::and u should be.... any fan would be happy if their team won
MattNYG21::true, then u can have humps energy off the bench
netsbucs::yep
Lionsfan1174::Nets will still stink, I'll take Knight and Monroe with others over that team
netsbucs::stick with the lions.
Lionsfan1174::nope, plus we got Stuck, Gordon, Jonas, Tay and possibly a top 3 pick in the draft this year
Lionsfan1174::.........yes :I
MattNYG21::Dwill + Lopez &gt; Knight Monroe
netsbucs::hahhahahhahah.............ohhh u were serious
netsbucs::Brooklyn we go hard, go hard
netsbucs::maybe lopez instead of hump if dwight comes in free agency
Lionsfan1174::yeah you don't ever tank, that's a sign of weakness, you need to create an identity and something you can build on every game, as bad as it has been early on this season the team hasn't hung their heads once, they are hungry and fighting to be relevant   and that's the way it should be, plus with a lottery it really is pointless to tank, they didn't tank the last two season and they wound up with Greg Monroe and Brandon Knight and frankly I wouldn't rather have anyone else from those two drafts!
t casey::I don't want players who aren't giving it all trying to win either. I just don't want them to actually pull off the winning part yet.  Develop their games and play tough every night? Hell yeah. But unless we have the makings of an elite team already, I'd rather see them play tough, come up a little short, and potentially get a franchise changing draft pick.
det_rules::you don't want players who are okay with losing.
who named Rick Perrys hunting lodge::Agree, players like competing, they don't want to lose, they dont care about lotterys and all that stuff.
DetKoolAid::we wouldnt have even gotten knight if the team didnt implode and monroe came because we sucked as well.  free agents do just sign here, we have to get draft picks so why not tank it for the better of the team for the future????  we absolutely need anthony davis are barnes...there is no one out side of the top 4 or 5 picks that will really be an impact player for us
DetKoolAid::@netsbucs  why should i remember 2003 when you guys didnt win a championship? has your franchise ever won a championship?  last I checked the pistons are top 5 NBA wins and Championships in the history of the NBA
netsbucs::relax before I  f u c k ur b i t c h  #based god
who named Rick Perrys hunting lodge::Shawne Williams has the touch of a blacksmith.
Mets2410::good game pistons fans, not too bad nets fans. D-Will played well which is a good thing and you can't really expect much else considering our second and 3rd best players right now are a super hustle rebound guy and a jamaal crawford type player.
Lionsfan1174::Pistons will be beastin before the year is over with, might not make the playoffs but we'll be back next year. This team just is showing with time it has a lot of potential. With a lottery pick in this year's draft we'll even better, Pistons are on the rise!
a_tizzy::It's refreshing for us to win AND not to see pistons fans saying "aw man we're stupid for winning, let's lose every game"  the team isn't that bad, and definitely not worst in the league.
hughesn2::The reason why in the NBA it is stupid to lose on purpose is b/c of the Lottery. The Nets fans know what I am talking about. You could have John Wall and not have spent so much to get Derron Williams if there was no lottery draft. Derick Rose could be a Heat and the Big 3 probably wouldn't be alive. Blake Griffin could be a Sacramento King. The Kings would have selected Favors over Cousins if there was no Lottery
a_tizzy::that's very true, I remember that lottery, Mr. russian billionaire was so pissed
a_tizzy::I think they turned a new leaf when they showed themselves how competitive they could be against  teams like the Heat a few weeks back, then against atlanta the day after.
DetKoolAid::as long as we are winning and it can be sustained then there is no reason to tank, but if we need the extra draft pick then why not tank it and get better for cheaper??
who named Rick Perrys hunting lodge::Fair enough, I would rather see them put in a good effort though. We have certainly been sorry enough, and I am sorry watching these guys. I can't take it anymore holmes. We will get someone good this year and our fortunes will change next year..........I hope.
DetKoolAid::there is no dignity in winning, messing up your draft position and sucking for another year just to get another mediocre draft pick...  look at the talent we picked up by being sorry with knight and monroe
who named Rick Perrys hunting lodge::We will get somebody good regardless, just win. No need to sacrifice dignity.
who named Rick Perrys hunting lodge::Losing on purpose is gay
netsbucs::we lost to the  f u c k i n  moronic idiot PISTONS!!!!!! WTF!!!!!!! and now Bogans injured too. s h i t man. where Brooklyn at?
a_tizzy::yeah, use an excuse of injuries to pistons fans. Have you seen what plagued us for 3 season in a row?
netsbucs::k
MattNYG21::Hopefully we'll get some of our guys back like MarShon and Lopez soon!!! But until then, WERE SCREWED!!!!!
netsbucs::true
who named Rick Perrys hunting lodge::Lord of the ringless
DetKoolAid::man i forgot how great the nets were  -sarcasm   a little over board, but to answer your question, yes you lost to the pistons who have only 1 less win than you.
netsbucs::k
AdAllDay87::I have to swear so bad that u space the letters out lol, loser
pistons6684::2004 is the year you should remember b i t c h
netsbucs::2000-2003 those are the years u should remember b i t ch
AdAllDay87::If we're moronic n idiots, what does that say about the nets
netsbucs::k
DetKoolAid::lmao look at the players faces? man you are fanatic for real
AdAllDay87::Nice excuse
netsbucs::it says we were down 5 players coming into the game and 1 getting injured in the game. the pistons are a moronic team just look at the players faces. not only that look at there record
DetKoolAid::im not gonna lie, if we could restructure BG's contract to like 6 mill a year from 11 mill to use him just as a 6th man scorer like tonight we might be in decent shape to amnesty charlie useless V and free up a total of 11 mill next year to sign a kaman and any athletic wing player who can rebound and play D like shane battier
yodaspeaks::I wonder if BG is sitting out to get healthy for a trade.  I didnt even really see when he got hurt.
who named Rick Perrys hunting lodge::Maxiell and Monroes slam on humphries was cool, so was maxiells block.
MattNYG21::Some home court advantage!! Nets lose to the Pistons 1-12 on the road!!!!!!! 1-12 coming in!
chicagoblackhawkshadnofansuntil2010::still 5 back in playoffs, because bucks won
pistonpower313::well, gg nets, hopefully d-will will stay and go to brooklyn with you guys. Pistons, were only like 4.5 games out of a playoff spot, so let's try to get it.
chicagoblackhawkshadnofansuntil2010::pistons finish 46-20, 3rd in east, and go onto east finals and upset bulls, then win nba finals.
hughesn2::HAHA!!! I wish.
pistons6684::wow, i can't remember the last time we won 3 in a row.
Son of a Raptor::Pistons are legit only like 2-3 games back from a playoff spot Lol
hughesn2::I thought that was BS until I looked at the standings.
06dave17::That's awful
AdAllDay87::What does that say about the east lol
drftw42134::Wow wtf? hell no we aren't going to lose on Friday now
a_tizzy::3 in a row!
chicagoblackhawkshadnofansuntil2010::we are on pace for a 17-49 record. i predicted 30-36 before season. i was way off.
crimson-knights123::We suck.
Son of a Raptor::i wanna be number 250
DetKoolAid::lol we would end with only 99 points
t casey::We couldn't score 100 if the fate of the world depended on it.
MattNYG21::Damn, how do the nets manage to lose to the pistons man?!!!??? They were 1-12 on the road coming in!!!! Some home court!!!
drewg1984::Get ready to lose on Friday too
drftw42134::Dont count on that; Nets are better on the road than at home
hughesn2::It is actually good and fun to watch a Pistons away game to know that the 'Stones aren't the only team that has less than 40% of their fans show up to the game. This is why I say that I am 100% sure that we WILL NOT finish with the worst record in the NBA
MattNYG21::Nets could use MarShon back as soon as possible
