Marvo6564::wow the heat actually beat the pistons this time? shocking
Mr. Nut Job::Yeah, wade finally decides to shoot... but next time he'll get like 10...
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Who's your teams SG?
ewalkerhodges::haha yeah sure.. wade is just getting into form. That put back dunk showed he still has the legs. He's lookin pretty fresh lately. Good luck to the rest of the sg's in the league..
DBrownDrose::bulls creeping to the top
Lebroncouldcareless::Lol your funny,,,,how does that usually work-out???!!! Lmao!!
JasonCalabasas::karelp All-time most unstopable moves:    1. Sky Hook (Kareem)  2. Dream Shake (Hakeem)  3. Turn Around Fade Away (MJ) ------------------------------------------------------- What about Shaq post dunk, Dirk jump shot, Iverson cross over?
karelp::Well said, @Wade.  @Jason, ask any expert, and the first two on the list are not disputable, ad MJ would come before Dirk (who is also way up there) and way before Shaq (we're talking about ONE move, and Shaq really didn't have one that stood out.  Lastly, as good as Iverson's crossover was, it is not in the league of the Kareem, Hakeem, MJ, Dirk moves as far as unstoppability.
Tonio2313::Honestly i think Dirk at his prime with his fadeaway was sooo slick like nearly unstoppable
Wade Blocked Your Favorite Player::those are not top 3 @Jason
karelp::Wade has the 2nd highest career PER among SGs All-Time.  He's 6th best among all players.  Kobe is 18th.
Tonio2313::IDK im pretty sure the Heat would keep Wade over Kobe comparing how theyre playing right now...
JasonCalabasas::Wade also said he wants to get paid to play in the Olympics so he's a scumbag. And I don't care what stats you pull out your butt, there's not one team that would pick Wade over Kobe if they had a choice. Sorry.
karelp::You don't have to be a jerk...I agree Kobe is a better all-time player.  Though, at times in their careers teams might rather have had Wade because he scored as much with better efficiency and created for others too.  Overall, they'd choose Kobe though.
Wade Blocked Your Favorite Player::amen
karelp::Darned right. :-)
Wade Blocked Your Favorite Player::Did anyone else catch MJ wearing number 3 last night?
18jbryant23::LBJ actually does that alot, then gets grilled for it saying he should shot the ball ALL the time. and as actually LBJ has come up BIG lately between last season and this season at the FT line. although his % is down overall, he hits them when they matter from the games ive watched.
Tonio2313::Of course :) lol Like i rather Lebron drive and get fouled then take a low percentage jumpshot either that or draw the defense and kick it out for an open look Jesus Shuttlesworth is pretty consistent in the clutch
Tonio2313::I mean yea he can be but with the Heat i feel like ive seen him take way to many contested jumpshots and miss :/
karelp::BTW, this is a civil and intelligent/informed discussion.  Thanks!
karelp::Agreed, and he's afraid to go to the hole in the clutch because he's afraid to miss FTs.  He takes too many clutch jumpers instead.
Tonio2313::I mean at times i dont like Lebron honestly but he can straight up play ball.... he isnt clutch though lol
karelp::Actually more clutch than people think.  The stats say he's more clutch than Kobe for example.
Tonio2313::Like i said dont get me wrong Jordan and Wade are the best in my opinion all im saying is they both have a different type of game yes Wade plays like Jordan in a way but i mean doesnt everyone who grew up with him as his idol have a little Jordan in them? lol
karelp::...and he's more unstoppable going to the hole because of his size.
Wade Blocked Your Favorite Player::@Karelp, I agree, his bigger body allows him to be more consistent and helps him stay healthier.
karelp::LeBron is 2nd in all-time PER; Wade is 6th.  It's amazing they play for the same team.  That's how they won a title without any viable bigs.
karelp::Yes, @Wade, D-Wade is also my favorite player, but I do concede LBJ is better (probably only because he can do the same things in a much bigger body).
karelp::You're right...there is only one Jordan.  However, what Wade did in the '06 Finals was very Jordanesque and maybe even better.
Wade Blocked Your Favorite Player::Wade is my favorite player but I can't discredit LeBron, he has been the most consistent and best player we have. That being said, we can't win another championship without Wade being Wade.
Tonio2313::Don't get me wrong Wade is my favorite player in the NBA..... but Jordan? lol come on man Jordan is Jordan Wade is Wade
karelp::All-time most unstopable moves:  1. Sky Hook (Kareem) 2.  Dream Shake (Hakeem) 3.  Turn Around Fade Away (MJ)
karelp::Killer move ^
Wade Blocked Your Favorite Player::Turn around fade away!
karelp::MJ had a better "go-to" move and was a better FT shooter.  Otherwise, they're very similar.
Wade Blocked Your Favorite Player::Obviously Jordan was a freak of nature, just stating that he played like MJ.
Wade Blocked Your Favorite Player::No other player emulates him this well.
Tonio2313::Although he only played 4 minutes, im happy with the signing of Chris Andersen We just need to wait and see what he does for the Heat
karelp::Yes...I'm thinking he's worth 15 mpg, 4 ppg, 4 rpg, 1.5 bpg.
bamberg1977::I've seen a steep decline in Drummonds effort level on D lately. Starting to show college colors, shining through. In fairness, I didnt see the 2nd half of this game. But I was not impressed the last 2 and a half games before that. He looked like he'd give one effort and give up on the play. Guys dunking behind him left and right.
dm1ze::What a terrible post. Stripped D Wade on back to back iso possessions for breakaways in the 2nd. Blocked Battiers dunk in the 1st half. Stopped a Wade dunk in the 2nd half. He had 3 steals and 2 blocks. Had 2 and 2 in the Magic game also.
Rad_Shadow::6 points 7 rebounds, some other things in 25 minutes. That translates to a 22.9 PER?
dm1ze::He answered your question....  His numbers from that game don't translate to a 22.9 PER, but his averages do.
Rad_Shadow::I was talking about the game, derp.
bamberg1977::Its 7.5 and 7.5 and 1.5 and 1 in 20 mpg.   Nice try. Numbers are fun!
Smashing Dweebs::Check out this NBA video of Chris Bosh... Really funny... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2m60EHNzZws
FrancoNero007::Just another Day in FIRST place LMAO at B.worst and all the Loser Haters!
Djuki 3::Wade is a washed up bum, Heat should release him
23Mister::Youre bald
Djuki 3::not bald, i buzzed my head =/
All.Star54321::you're* lol
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::send him our way if you feel that way. We would be glad to take him off your hands ;)
Djuki 3::haha nice try Bulls fan ;)
Asif11111::lol he was obviously joking...
23Mister::Did the birdman do great even with just a few mins? I really want him to start.
_RocksOnSocks_::KOBE WITH 14 ASSISTS!
23Mister::Good for the lakers, they won.
Asif11111::well now we know the recipe for the Lakers success: <b> Pass the ball Kobe <b></b></b>
Asif11111::wouldnt surprise me if that was the case ;)
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::Lol, that wont happen ever again this season.
Asif11111::NO WAY
Asif11111::You can say that again. Almost reminiscent of the Packers divisional game.
_RocksOnSocks_::Ravens fans are overly sensitive.
Asif11111::Lol like a message board will win you the game before it's even played. LOL. Team of destiny pfft.
_RocksOnSocks_::He left after I proved him wrong. Now all the other Ravens "fans" are jumping on me, lol.
Asif11111::who is that guy phil G? he wont let up for some reason lol, and predictions and analysis are complete bull until the game is played so i dont get where hes going with it. lol
_RocksOnSocks_::lol thanks.
Asif11111::insanity, and btw LOVE your work on the Niners boards ;) keep it up!
_RocksOnSocks_::I KID YOU NOT!
nba is the worst::Any teams with winning records coming up for the heat?
crabtrjf::I think 2 of the next three are against winning teams .. celtics, nets, then pacers. I wouldn't call that a fluff schedule.
FrancoNero007::Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
FrancoNero007::Heat will DESTROY the Bulls in 5!
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::Lol Miami. The Bulls are a team which will continue to win with team ball. I liked how we Blewout the Dubz last night something which the heat couldnt do
brandonlee561heat22::17 is more than 16, on the road no less
Bamm7272::Miami's strength of schedule is .499 so far  In the end, they all are close to .500.
matthim_cauthon::No. Miami only plays teams with losing records.
nhraven5200::The schedule is what it is.
sean8567::lakers
giofls6871::Lebron hugging that guy was the best thing I've seen in the NBA in years.  For just a moment the little kid inside the $20 million superstar came out.  It's nice to know it's still in there.  As to the Heat, they will win another ring...  if Wade's body can hold up.  Can he survive 23 or 24 playoff games without breaking down?
bluekaze21::i never understood all the hate heaped on Lebron. i can name countless other stars that have behaved much worse than him.    He is a selfless teammate too, and actually happy to see other guys on the team score more than him. yes, im not ashamed to say i think he is a classy player.     he's not quite tim duncan, but he is a good dude. better than a lot of other "stars" for sure
Taphawn::miss the game yal did birdman play, i think miami needs to sign a big men quick and get him in the rotation they need to make better decision if the heat want to repeat. strangely with no big man the heat need that extra help
oneandonlybabe::Wow Lebron almost killed that dude before he could cash in his cheque for making that shot!! LOL  Gotta go check the Lakers board. I'm sure Lakers fans are back and predicting they reach they finals on the strength of a home win against Utah!
Mikey2766::Cant wait till Charlie V,  Prince, Maggette, Maxiell and Stuckey are done here. Prince is just getting old.  The Maxiell project expired 3 yrs ago Stuckey can't shoot Dumars really set us back with the big $ signing of 2 BUSTS in CV and Gordon Maggette used to be good 4-5 years ago....but a truely effective journeyman with the right team in his day
Xzeihoranth::The word troll seems to be thrown around in every single comment these days. Every "new terminology" this generation creates for ANYTHING gets beaten down within a year and then everyone moves on to that next cool word. Remember how fast "yolo" died? Can't wait for "troll" to die. -_-
21numbers..::Shut up.
major red::Yolo is still alive but you wont be getting a second date lol
DTownSportsLions::Greg Monroe played well and Andre Drummond is a beast. Pistons getting better. They will make the playoffs next year.
major red::idk about next yr but they will be a force with that duo, still need a solid sg though.
DTownSportsLions::I agree. They have a lot of cap. They can get some solid pieces and make a run to the playoffs.
cmoussi::Clippers won't do much in the playoffs. They are built for the regular season, as their main advantage is their bench. However, the tighter rotations in the playoffs take away that advantage. They are out the 2nd round, maybe even the 1st.
major red::idk about first but if the lakers start clicking i would love to see that as a first rd matchup
Defy Shady::Lebron almost killed that fat guy who hit half court shot in half time lol...
GOAT is spelled Durant::Anyone else drunk?
noble sheeter::best freethrow shooter of this era gets more freethrows than the bulls whole frontline of allstars and topnotch bench bigs included wowser's
GOAT is spelled Durant::Not his fault nobody can guard him bro
major red::currently, and im going to rage at a pirate festival tmrw
noble sheeter::the bulls best road team  no 1 fans  and no1 rival trolls the trifecta
noble sheeter::Jimmy Butler is on your radar! Approaching fast! Incominnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng
noble sheeter::the only reason i'm on a this board is because i'm reppin the bulls the best road team in the nba or east what ever stats are important anymore accountants messing up the game culter a millionare tebow can't get in the game and aaron brooks can do what kyrie do givem enuf fga's 11 wins? allstar? sale fish on the lakefront?
noble sheeter::if jordan was micheal jackson kobe is wierd al yankovich imposter status the gig is up
noble sheeter::chris childs?
thesheep43::Dude the only reason im here is cuz I be reppin Kobe aka the dovermen aka the black momba.  He could school anybody on the planet 1 vs 1.
noble sheeter::wow the heat have turned the lesson that the championship organization called the chicago bulls gave them in game 1 of the playoffs in 2011 into a Little run that has many a fan wondering? can the heat really beat the bulls full strenght dont even matter without divine refervention and big sheet flopping allstars dropping.  i just cant forget that facial taj gave d.fade, whew but heat highkights were all conjoined with whistles or freethrows and foultrouble
Gditty22::Please translate....in English
Taphawn::huh
LeBronHasNoFullSeasonRing::LeBron didn't just tackle that fan. He then asked the fan what it takes to hit a big shot under pressure
Genghis Kittah::Go back to the lakers board, enjoy tonight cuz it's a rare occasion, they won and Kobe had 14 assists and 10 shots
CBass1317::What a game from Bosh ... looking like a real all-star ... 14 and 7 ... wow
thesheep43::People forget how good bosh was when he was on the raptors.
noble sheeter::if bron is so good why doesnt his teamates respond to his greatness like the bulls and d.rose? even with the cavs players like bron kobe melo etc always magnify the flaws in the team game while D.Rose (and deng and noah for that matter)uses his game to eliminate flaws and cover for teamates thus making everone from coaching to management look good while bron and kobe always have mgmt under pressure to accessorize for them or else? did i miss som'n and it rubs off the team wants to win for its leaders when being led and fed well  its not rocket science people  so what we let asik go we got the No. 1 fans in the nba check ticket sales theyll tell u who the real no 1 team is
Batteej::Can't wait for the 2nd half of the season when the Heat actually start to play hard and lock down these teams.  Playoffs with a healthy Wade and the King is too much for any team in a 7 game series....
Taphawn::teams that are good now some will fade at the end the teams that are just okay will rise up strangely i think it will be some weird upsets this year.
noble sheeter::no some nba fans would rather see wade and bron flex muscle after flop'n  to the freethrow line than see deng noah rose &amp; co. represent the vision of the great Dr. james a . naismith- we come a long way from the peach basket to settle for some run and jump their way to the line artist!
noble sheeter::do you mean sort of like they played after the bulls shlaced them by 20+ and had them on the ropes in game 2 and then divine refervention occurs with ensuing confusion and a illegal defense fest one-way untimely momentum breaking whistle of a game?
noble sheeter::Bucks.fan.4life - Are you talking about when Miami eliminated the Bulls 4-1 in the playoffs??  we let j. howard get one he from the chi fab 5 u no u no e.curry? chitown staywinning even in a loss ha haaaaaaaaaa oh and d.fade too so it really dont even madder
Bucks.fan.4life::Are you talking about when Miami eliminated the Bulls 4-1 in the playoffs??
.Anti-Stratfordian.::The Bulls are choke artists because they're led by the ultimate choke artist:  http://youtu.be/rJvLwSf0Xi8?t=1m8s http://youtu.be/f5ADTyHUM1Y?t=2m14s http://youtu.be/SVe7_rm9bfs
JazzIn2010::Just out of curiosity... how many of you heat fans have actually been heat fans for awhile?  I bet many of you jumped on the bandwagon when LeBron got there lol
JOVA26::nope been following since wade was drafted same year i moved here .They have had alot of down years so nice to see them become a contender .The People that work behind the scences are class act.They treat everyone one like family.
Taphawn::so what some people follow their player. for real yal SPORTS IS JUST ENTERTAINMENT FOR US. PEOPLE MAKE IT SO PERSONAL LOL. BUT THESE GUYS ARE AT WORK DOING THEIR JOBS PLAYING HOOP.
noble sheeter::i been a heat fan since the bulls kicked thier but when they had big zo and rodMAN shut him down
ImZOcrAZy::since sparrow and seikaly....but you dont even know who those guys are....
JazzIn2010::Actually I do know who those two are... Seikaly got traded to the jazz at one point
major red::No, ive been a fan ever since they drafted Wade, at the time i was just really into Marlins and Dolphins but he put miami on the map.
Robert_0555::The Heat should sign Andersen for the rest of the season.
noble sheeter::he fits in quite well with the heat organization
remy 88::That halftime shooter. Lebron kissed him on the lips.
Gditty22::Bulls fans obviously took the 2011 playoff lost very personally. Beating the Heat through the season and anticipating beating the Heat in the playoffs, only to fall flat on their faces 4-1. I fear mass suicides by Bull fans when the Heat beat them again this year.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgLMI784M4E
noble sheeter::bulls by 20 in game 1? what happened after that ? shhhhhhhh it to early rose, if you win now a lot of gm's will look stupid for paying these scrubs "millyins a dialuz" when jl3 jimmyb, or nate the great will do these fools in just fine for less.  Rose get well soon Deng good work noah way to step up booze keep up the cruise Capt Kirk we on 1 0r 2
Dobermite::As a Nets fan I feel for Pistons fans because I know how stubborn Larry Frank can be when it comes to young players. Thats a big part of the reason the Nets eventually canned him. So I'm not surprised he steadfastly refuses to start Drummond over Maxeil when any fool knows Drummond should be starting and playing 30+ MPG.
Brandon_dgaf::Oh man if Wade is really back and keeps playing like this NO ONE, I mean NO ONE will be touching the Heat. Very happy we picked up Birdman also, although he deserves more than just a 10 day contract.
CBass1317::he was arrested in Denver with kiddy porn.  Just sayin ... that is effed up.  Like seriously effed up.
.Anti-Stratfordian.::No, he wasn't.
Brandon_dgaf::I could of sworn I thought you only get two 10 day contracts, but I think you're right.
MiamiMagicCity::they can keep signing him to those 10 days till the playoffs
.Anti-Stratfordian.::No they can only sign him to two 10 day contracts before either letting him go or signing him on for the remainder of the season.
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::Goodnight all. I've been on here for a while but gonna go for the night. GO HEAT
klippyk::Bandwagoner
Rays_Heat_Bucs_Lightning_Awwwwyeaaaaaaaaa::nite nite
stairwell13::If DWade is truly all the way back from his injury, the rest of the league is in deep trouble.  You already know Lebron is going to bring it every night, add in a healthy Wade = REPEAT!!!
demetrius721::Stairwell 13....... U r exactly rite. If d.wade is healthy.... It's repeat for the heat!!!!!!!!!!
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::Wade is a BEAST. GOAT SG, IMO.
Rays_Heat_Bucs_Lightning_Awwwwyeaaaaaaaaa::shut up re t ard
alcolem32::Heat fans would think that.  Wade is not better than Kobe, let alone the true GOAT Jordan.  6 Rings son, 10 scoring titles son. 14 total MVP's son. (Allstar, Finals, Regular Season)  Wade 0.
Fahim58::how was birdman?
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::He was beast. I was at the game and was going nuts when he got on the floor.
demetrius721::So do u think the heat will keep bird man? Was the crowd going crazy? Dam I think he can really help us out. Go heat.........
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::I agree. They better sign him for 4 years.
Fahim58::damn, pretty nice pickup from the Heat organization
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO  OKC won't make it to the Finals this year. Not even the WCF. Heat will instantly win when the playoffs begin  ___________  Banned Daily you don't know anything about sports, you are just a bandwagon fan, go kill yourself  Me: Damn, no wonder you're banned daily
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::LOL the but.thurt Bulls fans left. Fu.cking fa.ggots
Sam Jim::well.... thats because you have decided not to listen..... :) :):)
Sam Jim::thats sad........ :) :)  true fans support thier teams.... not talk about others....  well i have got nothing personal against you mate... but PLS talk about ur team   for a change :) :):):)  - i am not  insulted at alll - bulls fan for ever
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::grammar check? couldn't even tell what you were saying at one point :) :) :) :)
Rays_Heat_Bucs_Lightning_Awwwwyeaaaaaaaaa::I think evry1 is leaving
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::good. because im staying here all night and exposing more butt hurt bulls fans
MiamiFan2004::good night Heat fans and obsessed Bulls trolls....
Rays_Heat_Bucs_Lightning_Awwwwyeaaaaaaaaa::nite nite
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::later Heat fan
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::Magic Johnson's Lakers in 1991 - past their glory days Clyde Drexler's Blazers in 1992 - not even good besides Clyde Charles Barkley's Suns in 1993 - Barkley was the only good player on that team Sonics in 1996 - garbage Jazz in 1997/1998 - garbage
MiamiFLSports::Its sad the Sonics left Seattle they could be the 2nd best team in the NBA right now.
MiamiFLSports::KD and Westbrook &gt; Kemp and Payton
GOAT is spelled Durant::Shawn kemp- all star Gary Payton- all star George Karl- all star coach  Nuff said
MiamiFLSports::No superstars
GOAT is spelled Durant::Sonics were not garbage
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::Sonics were terrible
MiamiFLSports::LOL Sonics had good teams but nothing great.
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::yes they were
MiamiFLSports::Heat beat a 67 win Mavs team in 2006 &gt; better than any team the Bulls beat in the finals.
alcolem32::And that still leaves you with four more to get to catch up.  Holla at me when you get there.
MiamiFLSports::alcolem32 - You must be a dumb a$$ first you claim Miami 2-0 since the 90's against the Bulls.  When we swept the heat in 2007 playoffs.  Now you claim that the Heat beat a 67 win Maverick team.  That team only won 60 games that year.  The 67 win team came the next year when we were sweeping the Heat.  So let me see the Jazz had 64 and 62 wins when we beat them.  The Suns had 62 wins when we beat them.  The Sonics had 64 wins when we beat them. Hmm seems like they all had more wins than the Mavericks had the year you won.  Do som research next time dumb a$$!!!  2-0 means nba championships won since the 90's fool.
alcolem32::You must be a dumb a$$ first you claim Miami 2-0 since the 90's against the Bulls.  When we swept the heat in 2007 playoffs.  Now you claim that the Heat beat a 67 win Maverick team.  That team only won 60 games that year.  The 67 win team came the next year when we were sweeping the Heat.  So let me see the Jazz had 64 and 62 wins when we beat them.  The Suns had 62 wins when we beat them.  The Sonics had 64 wins when we beat them. Hmm seems like they all had more wins than the Mavericks had the year you won.  Do some research next time dumb a$$!!!
MiamiFLSports::Stop saying the truth
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::I'm exposing these dumass Bulls "fans"
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::Considering Michael Jordan one of the greatest to ever play is a travesty. The man had NO, and I repeat, NO COMPETITION WHATSOEVER.
MadDominican23::I bet the OP never followed the NBA in the late 80's and 90's.  He was probably a sperm or a baby by then.
otta_what79::To say Michael had no competition during his career is an insult to all those Hall of Famers that tried to claim that elusive title. Jordan was just that good! Ewing, Miller, Barkley, wilkins, Drexler, Stockton, Malone, Payton and Magic...He beat them all and it wasn't an easy road. All these players had storied careers and Jordan didn't let them stand in his way for his ring.
MiamiFan2004::clyde drexler and charles barkley and ancient bird and hiv old magic, nothing like the challenge that Durant and CP3 and Kobe offers LBJ.
alcolem32::I think you forgot to mention Dirk since he bust that a$$ in 2011 Finals and if I am correct Dirk was older that either Drexler or Barkley were when Mike owned them.  Ignorance is not good dude!!!
rafroch10.1::The Lakers will lose to OKC and everything will be back to normal
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::Jordan never had ONE triple-double. LMFAO.  LeBron has so many, even one in the FINALS!
gcstrouse::Actually, MJ had quite a few triple doubles.
MiamiFLSports::Jordan is a better shooter and that is it Lebron overall is a better player.
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::Jordan's shooting was wack.
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::and jordan never lost a FINALS...smh alritey this does it for me. too easy to even debate this with you guys. lol
stairwell13::that's because Jordan kept getting knocked out in the first round LOL
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::lol Bulls loser, keep slurping your team.
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::Wade &gt; Jordan
MiamiFLSports::Jordan is the better player lol but Jordan flopped and complained like HELL.
karelp::Yep, best player of alltime, but one of the greatest floppers ever....far worse than Wade.
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::Jordan is awful..
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::*at flopping
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO - Jordan flopped so much  still not to the level of D Whistle
MiamiFan2004::Wow, you saying Jordan never flopped?  Wow.  Watch the classic games on the NBA channel, you will see some flopping from that man...
Heat Packers STLCardinals LEGGO::Jordan flopped so much
