Rickster7218::I can't believe Hakim Warrick is not getting any minutes with the Suns, this offense suits him perfect with Nash.  He may be a crappy defensive player but there are very few guys that play D in the NBA.  This guy would be averaging a 15-16pts  with 7-9 brds a game if given some freaking minutes.  I look at Rudy Gay and see what he's doing and Hakim was doing  the same thing when playing the minutes.
85alancinco::Yea i dont get it either at the beginning of the season he had some decent minutes and played great but, that hasnt happened for a while now.
JCVX::The most dangerous team in the NBA flying under the radar ...Deep bench , Great rebounding , big time clutch scorers , and now they know how to win ..Heat, Spurs, Mavericks , Bulls, Knicks, Celtics , Thunder , Lakers , Clippers , Bucks, Pacers,Hawks,Nuggets  ..the Grizz have beaten them all ....Keep underestimating them right up to when they hold up the trophy..
timothyearl05::Finally we gettin some resect
wkdavis85::Its hard to say the Grizz are flying under the radar now. We had a headline on espn.com after the win Monday and have been referred by many  "experts" as serious championship contenders. We are getting national attention and respect from all the teams and actual knowledgeable fans around the league.
CandySparker::I like Ruby Guy.
stathusker::Enjoyed Sportscenter with Legler and the anchor breaking down the top four in the west and how they would match up in round 2. Not one mention of the Grizz, who are a 1/2 game back of LA and beat them recently. Keep forgetting the Grizz are out there ESPN.
EuropeDude1981::LAC-Mem 1st round would be sick. i hope the carebears pulverize hype city. They sure look capable of doing it at the moment
yeahgodisgood2me::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone that is looking for a system that actually works. There is a reason this system is all over Google as highly rated, it works
Wolfy_Pants::Finally the Grizzles have a player crack the 30pt range... was beginning to think they would never have a 30 point game for a single player.. but it shows how deep the grizzles are and well balance that they can win so many games without having 1 guy just go crazy and have a really good shooting night and score like 40 or 50 points..   cant believe the clips and lakers won today when they were both playing the top two teams in the west.. hope the grizzles can make to the #4 or even sneak in and steal #3 seed
EuropeDude1981::I knew the spurs were going to lose. OKC loss surprised me. Durant and westbrook look tired and have played heavy minutes all season. Right now i think the Grizz would beat OKC in a 7 game series fairly easily
RCmemphis::grizzzzz
balltillifall_88::Dear AZ D-Backs all day,  Just because your team is washed up and the grizzlies are an elite team now is no reason to deny the fact that they have the potential to beat any team in the nba in a 7 game series. Thanks.
marat75::They did just that last year.
knight_rider_2002::The Lakers are so 90's...............Memphis is all the new rage
gvsparty::Can Gentry really keep Shannon Brown out of the starting line-up when Hill comes back?  Not saying that Hill loses his spot, but how can you justify keeping Dudley in the starting lineup over Brown?
AZ D-Backs all day::I would not mind seeing Hill come off the bench when he comes back..Shannon is on fire in the starting rotation.
SConnell76::This guy AZ D-Backs all day is a completely disrespectful fool. To not give the Grizzlies their due is ridiculous. This team is for sure a Western Conference powerhouse and a title contender. To diminish a teams value just because you are a sore loser is terrible. We know the Suns are not title cotenders, so dont bring the Grizz down with you. The boys played great tonight, and Rudy looked fantastic. I really like the production coming off the bench with Cunningham and Gilbert and I agree with someone else in here that said losing Arthur was a blessing in disguise because it allowed us to get two fantastic players in Dante and Mo.
SConnell76::Yea I agree, I hate having to watch our boys play Nash, he is 39, but he keeps himself up so well. As a fan of a team that sees him so many times a year, I have a great amount of respect for him. Im getting off the boards, but thankyou for an actually respectful conversation.
SConnell76::No I see exactly where your coming from. I didnt mean ti imply you were hating, I was just more interested in where you were coming from. I dont see the Lakers making it due to them just not having a bench at all, and the Spurs, well they just continue to suprise and find that fountain of Youth. And of course everyone likes the Thunder. Only problem is that last year, I was in house for the 3 overtime game, and Durant and Westbrook had a hard time sharing one ball. If the boys can play nice than they will be okay. They have done well this year, i just hope that their prides dont regress. I appreciate you at least reconizing that there are some good pieces in Memphis
balltillifall_88::ok, so you admit that OKC are contenders. but it took them 7 games and 3 overtimes to eliminate the grizz last year, without rudy gay and without the amazing bench we have now, but the grizz are not contenders? even though we are drastically better than we were last year (when z-bo gets back into form)? ok...
AZ D-Backs all day::Memphis has plenty of talent.. I would love to have Mayo or Gay on the Suns. Or Randolph for that matter.. Nash is pretty much running the show here.
SConnell76::What team in the West has experience that will make it to the Finals? And dont tell me the Lakers or Spurs because both teams will run out of gas in one (or two) seven game series. And besides that, no other team that is threatning in the West has much playoff expereince. The Thunder are just now relevent in the past two or three years and have yet to go to the Western Conference Finals. The Mavs are CLINGING to life. Things have changed and expereince is being overtunrned by youth and talent in the West. We have more than will power, this team has many talented palyers. More than the Suns can say
AZ D-Backs all day::yes I know the Suns have lost quite a bit of talent compared to just a couple years ago when we were in the conference finals.(Amare, Jason Richardson,etc) that just shows how stupid our management is.. If the Grizz make it to the finals good for you. Either the Thunder (even with little playoff experience they have 2 MVP candidates that can carry them as far as they are willing to) or the Spurs have the best shot to make it... and if Kobe gets hot and actually has efficient games the Lakers have a good shot. im not hating on the Grizz at all but I dont see them as a title team. maybe when everyone has a bit more experience.
SConnell76::No disrespect to the Suns man. Just trying to state that power has shifted in the West
SConnell76::Just out of curiosity, what are you saying is their ceiling and why do you think that? Cause I have been in the FedEx Forum for most games this season, and I have yet to see this team hit their ceiling, all the Grizzlies fans can agree that this team has done nothing but improve the longer they play together
AZ D-Backs all day::no experience.. most the teams you see going to the finals have significant playoff experience.. I know you guys won a series last season but it takes more than just will power to get to the finals.
SConnell76::Just because you are a title contender does not mean that you are a title favorite. I agree that the Grizz are not the favorite in the West, but they have the players to match-up against any team in the West and the East for that matter, and they have proved it.
AZ D-Backs all day::good one. its past your bedtime.
infamous122::if you would stop b.itching about something your know NOTHING about i would stop but we both know you will keep being a b*tch
AZ D-Backs all day::im having a pleasant conversation with SConnel76.. no one is talking to you so quit getting your panties in a bunch and b*tching for no reason.
infamous122::why our you wasting our time trying to convince grizz fans that we are at are ceiling when you know nothing about Basketball. So SHUT THE HELL UP
AZ D-Backs all day::ill be impressed if the Grizzlies make it to the conference championship.. sorry to say it but I think thats their ceiling right now.
AZ D-Backs all day::title contender? be realistic man... even some of your Grizzly faithful disagree
gasol1883::I don't get all the hate on the refs from suns fans. The Griz had two more personal fouls, and only shot two more free throws. Marc was in foul trouble the ENTIRE GAME. I mean if the Grizzlies had like 15 more free throws then yes I would agree, but don't complain just because the Grizzlies physical defense made your team fold.
Clobbersaurus01::Yeah, the only loss where I would really put on the refs was the Lakers one where Kobe had more foul shots than the entire Grizz team.  Other than that, reffing basketball is the toughest officiating job in America.  They're not robots.  They can't bend time to go back and undo mistakes.  I consider it a win when they just step aside and let the players decide the game, and not insert themselves in the game like MLB.  In today's game, both sides had evidence to complain about.  Often, if neither side is pleased, you've done a good job.
balltillifall_88::yea, the free throws in that game were like 45 to 5 if i remember correctly... in a double OT game. and the grizz are far from a jump shooting team.
Eric62748::Jazz win, suns lose. Too bad Denver won.
gotigersmemphis87::Damn Thunder lost to the Clipps. Grizz needed them to win to move into 4th
AZ D-Backs all day::refs blow
CanadianFan2005::Is Ok we won the season series 2-1 against Memphis.... We must beat Houston now, Grant Hill should be back for that game...we will need him against Houston and San Antonio.
pako1008::this game is so rigged by the refs and nba, tech fouls fkeeet
Clobbersaurus01::Yeah, five fouls called in the first two minutes of the second half.  Clear rigging lol... AGAINST Memphis rofl... Victim complex much?
balltillifall_88::why would the refs rig a game towards a small market, no coverage, only 10 years in the league team? lol quit with the BS excuses.
wkdavis85::So do you $@%!$ about a game being rigged every time your team loses? Seeing as Memphis was called for more personal fouls than Phoenix was, I would say that you are a whiny little $@%!$. I guess the refs forced Nash to turn the ball over 7 times? Or made Phoenix shoot 24 3s? You, sir, are an idiot.
AZ D-Backs all day::it was rigged you homer
Ty21253::Not a memphis fan but love their team and think they will probable win it all...i think that they match up with anyone and they can play at different paces...they can score inside or out and are a great rebounding team...if they win it wouldnt surprise me at all
AZ D-Backs all day::hahahaahahaha memphis will not win it all... hahahahahahahahahahaha
AZ D-Backs all day::def not the grizz. sorry but deep down you know it too.
gotigersmemphis87::Who will Phoenix?
Clobbersaurus01::I don't think we win, tbh.  Not the entire thing.  I would love to be wrong, and we are a dangerous team.  But there are several GREAT teams this year.  It would be tough for anyone this year...
balltillifall_88::i am a memphis fan, and fully agree. i mean as you said, they are so versatile. they can play fast or slow. they can play half court or transition. they can play down low or on the wing. they can play small line ups or big line ups. they can LITERALLY match up with any roster and any style of play in the nba. its ridiculous. and not only match up, but for the most part play better than the opposing team in that facet. not to even mention how deep we are and how we can play with key players out.
T-bag666::If the Grizzlies didn't lose Darrell Arthur, I'd say they are one of the favorites to win the West (if they aren't already).
T-bag666::Just imagine if they had an extra big to work with. It'd be all peaches and cream for the Grizz.
balltillifall_88::as much as i loved what arthur did for us last year, i think it was a blessing in disguise. because it caused us to get speights and cunningham. who have both been playing great. and cunningham makes us much more versatile.
Ty21253::they still are to me...they got speights now
Meet-The-Forkers::2 pts Jared Dudley !! That explains it.
balltillifall_88::i think brown and gortat made up for that though.. and childress.
dy0te::as a miami heat advocate im very serious when i say that the only team in the league the heat would have no chance of beating in a 7 game series is memphis. they're the real deal. a go to closer, rudy or z-bo, obviously that intimidating front line, which would destroy bosh. a lock down defender in tony allen who lebron hated when he were a celtic, and the bench scoring with oj, and arenas.
Clobbersaurus01::As a Grizz fan, thanks for the credit, but anytime you have James and Wade, you have a chance.  James has to remember his Chicago series from last year, locking down the speedier MVP,  and not worry about smiling and being a charismatic nice guy.  Embrace your dark side.  Everyone loves to demonize him anyway, and forget his Chicago series, and call him a choker.  Just bring it all with some serious spite and venom for all the kneejerk reactionary double standards that people are levelling at his direction and shut people up.  He might have to reach an emotional depth and desperation before getting there.  Hopefully not though.  Good luck either way.  Would love to boo him in a finals game in Memphis lol...  Would have to figure out a way to stomach booing Battier too, that would take some getting used to.
balltillifall_88::thank you. its nice to see when people on this board are rational. oj mayo has been a good closer for us too. it honestly would not suprise me to see the grizz and heat in the finals this year. but we need to get z-bo back into form and need him to play how he did in the playoffs last year. if he plays like he is now, we still have a chance to beat anybody. but with him being 100%, that will push us over the edge.
balltillifall_88::great win tonight. really had to grind this one out, the suns are playing good lately. we really need tony allen back though, he could have lowered shannon browns points by like 75%...   and PS, suns fans, please show some respect and quit complaining about the "refs losing the game for you". the calls went both ways. the grizz were in the penalty like 2 freakin minutes into the fourth quarter...
T-bag666::Does anyone know what exactly happened to Tony Allen? In the box score it says 'facial laceration', and I doubt a cut would stop anyone from playing.
Clobbersaurus01::This is like the fourth game he's been out.  It's been pretty bad.  I'm also guessing he's getting a little rest, and we're winning anyway.  No rush to change things, until and unless Hollins sees something that needs to get nipped in the bud quickly.  Need to start settling into our playoff rotation with five or six games left, I would think.  Get Allen back, and transition Zbo into the starting lineup...
Clobbersaurus01::While some players have settled into their final roles, I think a good four or five still need to get comfortable with their adjustments.  I saw a couple of times Rudy and Zbo talking during dead ball time.  I think Zbo threw an outlet for a Rudy dunk at one point.  Communication is good to see.  I think Gasol, Conley, and Allen are essentially settled.  I'm guessing Pondexter too.  Maybe Mayo as well, but he's still settling in with Arenas, and they need to go through a couple of cold streaks together.  Everyone else needs to adjust to changes in rotation if and when Zbo returns to the starting lineup.  If Speights can be as effective off the bench, and Mayo and Arenas continue to click, Memphis is tough to beat.  Our main weaknesses have not been eliminated but reduced with Arenas' arrival (bench, backup pg, and outside shooting).  We will hit a bump, and will need to figure out a way through it.
balltillifall_88::thats true. we can win games with z-bo playing how he is now, but we need last years z-bo to go deep into the playoffs. if z-bo can play this year in the playoffs like he did last year in the playoffs, with a deeper bench and rudy back, it would not suprise me one bit to see the grizzlies in the finals this year. i mean, they do everything right. there is no flaw. the only thing you can knock is the 3 point shooting, which has been MUCH better since getting arenas.
TubbyTime334::T-Bag!!!
balltillifall_88::if anyone knows an easy way to put it online ill upload the pic
balltillifall_88::he had his lip busted open. its pretty bad. he had a pic of it on his twitter until it got took down. i saved a pic of it though. on his right top lip it was completely busted open, you could like see inside the top right of the lip. like right above the lip. not tryin to be a perv lol but the best way i can explain it is that it looked like a vag...  it looked very painful and he had to have stitches. i heard that he had them takin out today... hopefully he will be back soon, we need him.
AZ D-Backs all day::wtf? is your pic that creepy pedo from prison break?
T-bag666::Why yes it is, pretty.
GoTmJazz52::A Grizzles win, makes it better for us Jazz in the race of  western conference playoff standings. From 10 to 9th thank you, Memphis!
GoTmJazz52::Jazz will not be wrecked in the playoffs. Wrong!
Lordkrimson::(Borrowing a Quote from Kobe system) you're welcome.
AZ D-Backs all day::jazz will get wrecked in the playoffs
AZsportsfan29::gentry ruined it tonight for the suns the starters where horrible and yet he puts them back in to finish the game smh
AZsportsfan29::Its not the first time gentry has taken the hot hand out and then they go cold on the bench
ODBPHX::WHY BLAME GENTRY? BLAME THE SUNS FOR OVERPLAYING THE GRIZZ AND NOT GETTING THE OFFENSIVE BOARDS AND ALSO PARTLY THE REFS
balltillifall_88::wow, 1 player got an iffy tech. welcome to the nba buddy.
AZ D-Backs all day::yeah Nash deserved his tech..... get real you homer
balltillifall_88::and you also didnt see anybody on the grizz smack one of the suns in the face AFTER a foul either did you? lol. whats your point? the suns deserved the techs they got. period.
AZ D-Backs all day::worse for the suns... I didnt see 3 techs called on Memphis.
balltillifall_88::the refs were bad BOTH ways tonight, shut up.
AZ D-Backs all day::the refs were bad tonight but gentry took brown out in the middle of a hot streak.. makes no sense
Btwixed::and before the allstar break we were all complaining about the bench and bassy being horrible. its one game not gentrys fault the starters couldnt do their job
justins80::Go stuff GRIZZ way to grind. We are the most scariest team going into the playoffs with the easiest remaining schedule... we could lock up the 3rd seed
Trurock23::division leaders a guarantee a top 4 spot...so yes the grizz can get 3 spot
tigersfangoldandblue::Don't the division leaders get the top three seeds? Could someone clarify this for me because I'm also hoping the Grizz can get to No. 3.
balltillifall_88::i have been trying to figure this out too. but im about 99% sure division leaders get the top 3 seeds. we wont be able to get the 3rd seed...
Btwixed::Fellow suns fans....do not despair! The rockets lost tonight so a win tomorrow puts us a game out with potential tiebreaker. Add in a nuggets/rockets home and home coming up and this season could turn into a playoff berth! A loss to a CHAMPIONSHIP CONTENDING team on the road is nothing to be bummed about. lots of games (home games) til this season is lost.
Chad911x::Rudy Gay, Zach Randolph, Marc Gasol, Mike Conely, Tony Allen, Gilbert Arenas,O.J. Mayo, Mareesee Speights, Dante Cunningham, Quincy Pondexter. **** you man.
Meet-The-Forkers::yea but the Jazz won...
Chad911x::The Grizz are too deep. You are a fool AZ
AZ D-Backs all day::too deep? hahahaha no way
Lordkrimson::Special circumstances make everyone whom reaches the playoffs a title contender. Last short season (99) an 8th seed got to the championship round.
AZ D-Backs all day::I dont think the Grizz are title contenders...
Btwixed::even with a win we would still have been 9th. houston is the must-win game out of these 2
AZ D-Backs all day::yeah but tonight we could have been the 8th seed
Twuan89::Suns Fan Here,  Congrats Grizzlies Fans You Guys Backed Up Your Talk Tonight. You Guys Deserve To Win Tonight, Good Luck In The Playoffs Against Whoever You Face.
Twuan89::Its A Habit.
AZ D-Backs all day::why is every word capitalized?
jwiles2385::Comment on the Spurs being hot and waiting to face them...it's gonna be tough. They have lost two in a row. Have to bring defensive AGame and  at least 30 assists....
jwiles2385::That's because your like the media..you know nothing about him or how much he knows about the game or even how great of a player he could still be as a starter. A true Arenas fan stuck with him after the injury and didn't watch basketball much the last few years because he was out....
AZ D-Backs all day::huh? I only liked him when he played at the University of Arizona.... as soon as he went pro he is officially a nemesis.. has nothing to do with his current or past situations.. the dude can score at will when hes on his game
jwiles2385::A loss is a loss....Griz fan here by the way...Your #1 ARENAS Fan!!!
AZ D-Backs all day::I was a fan of Arenas when he played at Arizona. but not anymore
AZ D-Backs all day::spurs lost because they rested the stars
AZsportsfan29::Congrats grizz... bad night for my suns... if suns don't make it to the playoff in gonna be rooting for them..
Kee0130::Clippers still #4 but thats okay! We got them home court or not!
Kee0130::Of course!
utclindsay::Grizz can beat the Clippers..home court or not
utclindsay::Won't get to watch the Grizz play until the playoffs since I live in Phoenix :(. It was great to see the Grizz play tonight!! Time to Grind Grizz!!!
Griss13ears::NBA TV against New Orleans, if you have that channel. Then again against Cleveland Apr 23. (How do they pick the worse games to put on TV???)
AZ D-Backs all day::you live in phx and vote for the grizz? traitor
utclindsay::grew up in memphis
AZ D-Backs all day::damnit someone hand me a PBR and my joint..
rc021363::OK, Guys, I need to get up early,  great game, great time... Respect to Suns! Go Grizzlies!!  Nite all!
Slim_Greaser_310::sorry grizzlies clips still on top...
cooperbug33::$@% the grittzzlees suns still can do it
AZ D-Backs all day::this loss really hurts... we might have to win out to make the playoffs
Eric62748::which aint happening!
utclindsay::Woot woot..Grizz ALL THE WAY!!!
rc021363::I cannot wait for the Spurs game, Spurs are hot, Grizzlies are sizzling, Grizzlies will be underdog for sure..   I LOvE IT when the Grizzlies surprise the Spurs with a win.  LOL
Kee0130::I am so damn proud of the Grizzlies, even after that streak of BULLSHYT calls by the officials they still won! Grit N Grind baby!
AZ D-Backs all day::what the hell? suns got 3 techs and Nash got one of them??? whats up with the refs!?!
Clobbersaurus01::Refs called five fouls against the Grizz in the first two minutes of the second half, putting them over the limit with 22 minutes left to play.  Calls went both ways.  Stop whining.  This was a chippy, physical playoff atmosphere game.  Gortat and Gasol were getting under each other's skin.  The Suns stopped getting techs when they brought in their more level-headed reserves who were getting under the Grizz skin a little.
ODBPHX::U KNOW NASH NEVER COMPLAINS, BUT WHEN HE DOES ITS BCUS THESES $@%!$@ REFS, GRIZZ WON BUT THE REFS HELPED THEM TOO
balltillifall_88::the calls were bad both ways, shut the hell up
rolltideroll2010::Still dont get no respect. People forget they dont have tony allen in this stretch. They gonna suprise people again this year
bernardhard::ISNT A SCORER!
bernardhard::I KNOW. BUT TONY ALLEN IS REALLY A SCORER SOOO IT WOULDNT REALLY HURT US THAT BAD! BUT WE HAVE ARENAS SOOO WE SHOULD BE GOOD!!
balltillifall_88::but you forget, allen could have brought down shannon browns point total by like 75%...
ODBPHX::DAMN REFS WERE HORRIBLE, 3 TECHNICALS BY THE SUNS? AND NASH NEVER COMPLAINS THE WAY HE DID OR GETS TECHS,WHAT ABOUT THAT SLIP CALLED A FOUL LOL,FUUUUUUCK!!! NBA REFS CONGRATULATIONS TO THE GRIZZ PLEASE BEAT THE $@%! OUTTA SAN ANTONIO AND LA
balltillifall_88::stop the crying. the calls went both ways. what about the no call on gasols dunk when he was pushed in mid air? what about the grizzlies being in the penalty like 2 minutes into the fourth quarter? find some more excuses.
rc021363::The Grizzlies - The Most Underrated Team Of The West!! And, thats the way I LOVE IT!!!!!!
bernardhard::In The Whole NBA!!!!
PHXNation::I love the Tennessee Titans, its a shame didnt get Peyton Manning.. don't like the Grizzlies tho.
Clobbersaurus01::The Titans are a dirty team -- abnormally so.  An owner who loves his middle finger a little bit too much, they had Greg Williams on staff for a decade, spanning both the Houston and Tennessee days, Haynesworth, Finnegan, how they treated McNair.... I respect Manning too much to wish that on him...
bernardhard::I Know. It Made Me &amp; Alot Of Tennesseans Cry!!!
rc021363::np, I wished Petyon played with Titans, too.  They offered Manning a lifetime contract.
rc021363::Respect to the Suns! They are a tough team
bernardhard::Another Victory For The Most Slept On Team In The NBA!!!!!!! Gooo Tennesseee!!!!
bernardhard::Samething If Your A Tennessean!
wkdavis85::Not if you're a Memphian though...
mem196530::uh no MEMPHIS
Dominic10002::Good Job Grizz!!!
PHX--SUNS::$@%! good game grizz fans.. gonna be a sad night tonight.. might have to use some controlled substances
Clobbersaurus01::Good game.  Couldn't let you sweep the series, sorry.  But y'all played tough, and hopefully this is just a one game blip for ya.
AZ D-Backs all day::I know right
mem196530::good sparring with you......good luck the rest of the season, and I am glad we at least got one from you
sasha_lu::We'll start a collection for bail, brother.
rc021363::Thanks, good game for you, too.
rc021363::WE ARE MEMPHIS!!!  Go Grizzlies!!
