YeahTerps420::And the 1st pick for the next 10 years goes to ....
mojo_mu27::Wiz should just fold there organization entirely.  I have been a lifelong fan of wiz but Karma is a B*&amp;^h after the Gilbert debacle this team I think is dreadfull.
Scalabrine2424::Big ol Kyle ( aka Ashton Kutcher)
RNYC::Hawks r 6-4?!  Wtf?!  Larry Drew doing a good job so far.
PEdRO2757::The Wiz aren't that bad they have several key injuries, they can win the game vs the Bobcats or they will get beat by 16 again
bengalsrgay43034::Just saw the highlights for this game.  Damn thats brutal lol, hang in there wizards fans.
Shawnpmuth4::thanks dude. its rough right now
perez-matt::I miss Kyle Korver
jdoane926::Keep your heads up Wizards fans! It will eventually get better.. But my Pistons are taking Shabazz with their number 1 pick so dont get your hopes too high up.
roll_n_riot::Jeez Wizards, just what can you say.  Doing worse than last year and even getting rid of stupid headcases McGee, Blatche and dumping the most useless contract in the league Rashard's
famman1968::Been betting with a system for sports bets named Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month for three consecutive months now since I found out about this system. You can find it on the first page of Google by searching the phrase Sports Betting System. At first I thought this was going to be bogus but ended up being awesome..
bizarro6666::I live in NY and for some reason feel like watching this team.  Am I crazy or will the Wizards eventually get better someday
bradyandjrich::Only player the Wizards need to worry about right now is John Wall. He's their future. Need him healthy. They've lost plenty of games because they haven't had a guy that can close an opponent out...
chckn440::ncaa championship maybe
.Cutty::Just pray for Shabazz Muhammad. A lineup of Wall Beal Shabazz Seraphin and Nene is a championship contender.
colby.conetta::damn horford get that 1 more board
BravesCougsPackersSounders::Whoa whoa calm this thread down. WAYYY too many people talking
hussein623::gotta give the wizards some respect, they put up a serious fight, i sorta fell sorry for them and im a hawks fan, anyway good luck wizards.
hussein623::good game wizards, and good luck to yall, yall are definetely better than yalls record, if yall play like this yall can be a legitimate team. Once again good luck and good game!  Go Hawks!
koocharlie::lol funny read. I agree tho, they're a better team than their record
Shawnpmuth4::as a wiz fan i appreciate that
hussein623::why does it matter?
BravesCougsPackersSounders::Man y'all need y'all to y'all stop y'all raping y'all cows y'all cause y'all saying y'all y'all y'all way y'all too y'all much y'all  Y'ALLLLLLLL
WebbFan11::Too many yalls?
Jishnu13::That was aweful to watch.  This is just an abomination, we need to fire Ernie Grunfeld, he made the brilliant idea of breaking up the Antwan Jamison, Caron Butler, and Gilbert Arenas bunch. If he did that atleast he should have gotten value, he got nothing!  John Wall is a restricted free agent at the end of next season. He is going to demand a trade either at the trade deadline this year, end of this season, trade deadline next year, or just flat leave. This is a disgrace to the city that has so much promise with RG3 and the Redskins, and Bryce Harper, Stephen Strasburg and the Nats. We need to fix this mess
jorgath_DC::That breakup happened because of the Arenas locker room gun incident.
CJ From San Andreas 2013::"The Wizards make me want to kill someone"  -Bob Ross
Ouch My Shoulder...I Cant Walk -Dwyane Wade::Wizards should be happy. They put up a good fight
ikerock::Ouch
Ouch My Shoulder...I Cant Walk -Dwyane Wade::How long is wall out?
ovechkinsgoal::too long
ikerock::Til the end of the month
ikerock::In OT you hit a basket to put you up by 2 with 7 seconds left but instead of playing defense you run down the court celebrating to leave Kover wide open for a 3 what a loser mind set this team have..
taayox::Anyone know why Nene wasn't playing in crunch time? Re-aggravated injury? didn't want to overplay him?
ikerock::Just poor coaching
koocharlie::^^^
koocharlie::Not sure, he seemed like he really pissed/wanted to be in when they panned the camera to him
elcappytan::When Wall coming back?
torrtis::Wizards can't catch no breaks.
BravesCougsPackersSounders::BREAKING NEWS: Wizards suck... The other team could die in a fiery plane crash and the Wizards would still lose to their corpses
ikerock::The media trip me out when they talk about how close the wizards are losing by do you understand they are losing PERIOD...
taayox::We have to make a coaching change RIGHT NOW. As most of our players are young, it will be easier right now to get out this losing mentality. The longer this goes on, the harder it would be for a new coach to help eliminate this losing mentality.
schumatrix::Phil Jackson couldn't get these losers to play well. Ernie built this mess--he needs to go.
ATLrepresent11::Being an Ole Miss Rebels fan, I can tell how much a coach can really do for a team. I know this is a different sport and all, but just look at the difference between Ole Miss' football team last year and their team this year.
taayox::On the Contrary, a good coach could get these guys to play well. Ernie needs to go but the a better coach can change everything. We are in almost every single lost game=we have the talent to have won some of these games. so whats holding us back...its the losing mentality..... Who can help change that?.....A good coach that instills winning confidence in its players especially in crunch time.
Ouch My Shoulder...I Cant Walk -Dwyane Wade::GeorgeTownMan29 Bulls suck w/o Rose but are one of the best teams with him. John Wall is the D-Rose of our team --------------------------------  but you guys arent one of the best teams with Wall...
GeorgeTownMan29::well at least you are honest and not a bandwaggoner.
GeorgeTownMan29::Who is your team again?
Ouch My Shoulder...I Cant Walk -Dwyane Wade::cavs
ikerock::The loser couldn't even get a rebound at the end  to seal the deal lol what a joke.  Until Ted fire his buddy GM he will never move this team forward.  You know John Wall just might leave next year.
Ouch My Shoulder...I Cant Walk -Dwyane Wade::This losing streak will extend to 32
GeorgeTownMan29::flagged
Hunt0123::Ouch My Shoulder...I Cant Walk -Dwyane Wade - UMAD?  Well honestly I'm pretty pissed... we're 0 and 10... who wouldn't be mad?
Ouch My Shoulder...I Cant Walk -Dwyane Wade::UMAD?
rbmw263::you know what they say....bad teams find a way to lose
LetsGoBraves2012::the hawks will win it all
ATLrepresent11::With a true center, our chances are better. Right now... nah.
Mickdellahyjack::Now that is a fantasy
GeorgeTownMan29::Wiz will be in the playoffs by the end of the year
GeorgeTownMan29::^Both statements are true, but I was using him as a metaphor cause our team runs the offense through Wall. We dont have to be an elite team like the Bulls to make the playoffs in the east
Mickdellahyjack::John Wall is no Derrick Rose. And the Wizards are no Bulls.
GeorgeTownMan29::Bulls suck w/o Rose but are one of the best teams with him. John Wall is the D-Rose of our team
Mickdellahyjack::Absolutely no way
ikerock::LOL
Ouch My Shoulder...I Cant Walk -Dwyane Wade::flagged
Mickdellahyjack:::)
LetsGoBraves2012::kyler korver &gt; ray allen
Ouch My Shoulder...I Cant Walk -Dwyane Wade::Feel bad for the Wizards players. They ran off the court cause they thought they won.
ovechkinsgoal::i think they knew it might not be good, but wanted to act it out.
Mickdellahyjack::Tehy woudl be crying in the dressing rooms right now. You know it. Beauty of teh NBA though si that there is another game in a couple days time.
ATLrepresent11::Are the letters on your keyboard switched around or something? Good golly.
koocharlie::Yea that must have been really awkward. They really celebrated like a playoff win there :\
koocharlie::Hawks fan, gg. But Nene should have been in that OT..what's up with that??
taayox::What does it say that we have been in most of all the games we have lost even without Wall and Nene. We have the talent to be at least a .500 right now so why do we keep losing in the crunch time. It all boils down to a losing mentality and it starts up top from the GM to the Head coach. Changes need to be made in at least one of these areas for us to start winning.
Mickdellahyjack::Nothing will get better if changes aren't made. Tonight was the dagger. The players need to see a change so they respond, otherwise they will continue on with the losing culture
ikerock::GM also
robpinpa::Exactly, this coach was a lazy rehire. Ted Leonis has done wonders with the Capitals. I don't understand why we have the same GM and Coach that couldn't produce wins out of a wet paper bag before, and are showing no improvement now.
ikerock::Coaching
Mickdellahyjack::Smartest thing I have read all night. Losing is a culture (or mentality as you have put it)
ikerock::What a loser these Wizards are just awful no NeNe to get rebounds in OT just bad coaching.
Mickdellahyjack::Must have been a reason. OT game....first game back. Maybe he had nothing left in teh tank
Ouch My Shoulder...I Cant Walk -Dwyane Wade::Ashington Izards.     0-10. Still no W's.
rebels52421::Get some new material.
d butler16::Wizards pulled a Nationals
strasmas1::as an Os fan you should prolly relax on the Nats jokes
Doel8893::hey guys im a knicks fan and i dont really comment much here, but i just wanted to say to wizards fans that it know its  tough starting out like this, but as a knicks fans you know we've sucked for about 15 years. it'll get better and this year might not be your year but it'll get better in the future, Wish your team the best. the hawks were the better team tonight. later
Mickdellahyjack::Don't knwo if tehy were the better team. Thinsg just fell their way in the closing stages.  Sad thing for Wizards is tehy have been saying they are rebuilding for the last three years. When doe sthat coem to fruition?  They will be better when John Wall coems back though
Doel8893::yea def, i with him the team will be different
CJ From San Andreas 2013::Washington Wizards
etony339::Any idea why Nene wasn't playing during crunch time? I just picked him up on a number of fantasy teams, but if he's hurt again I guess I gotta cut him.
Mickdellahyjack::First game back tonight. He was probably exhausted ??? Don't know though
ovechkinsgoal::im depressed.
ovechkinsgoal::lol
Mickdellahyjack::Have a donut
Sportsfan61679::Congrats Hawks you didn't allow the worst to pick up their first win on your home court
mryan022008::2nd win at home beat orlando
tommyb2k12::I thought the wizards were gonna be quite good, picking up Ariza, Nene, korver and an improved Wall, could be good... but nevermind....
Mickdellahyjack::Not Korver. He hit the game winning three for Atlanta
.Cutty::RG3 is the best
Joshua43786::That's because Luck has 12 interceptions to RG3's 3 interceptions.... When you throw as many INTs as TD passes you don't get the love......
etripp216::Luck is better, just doesn't get the love from espn.
strasmas1::must not have checked the stats lately...
The Fresh Prince of Nowhere::Well, hope everyone has a good Thanksgiving tomorrow. Good luck to the Skins.   I wish our teams were playing on Thanksgiving, but Skins-Cowboys will be great too.
LetsGoBraves2012::the east is so bad this year
cb12490::it gets better, wiz...  - bobcats fan
Mickdellahyjack::Bobcats are on fire. Good on them.
GeorgeTownMan29::Told people we would be a lot better when Nene comes back. Now when Wall comes back we will make a run for the playoffs!
GeorgeTownMan29::Its still early and the east is weak outside the top 6 teams. We run our offense through Wall just like Chicago runs their offense through Rose. See how they perform with him out?
Mickdellahyjack::You donb't really believe that do you? You are 10 games in the hole already. I'm sorry, Wiz will be a broken team after tonight. They may not win in their next 10 now
Joshua43786::Cocaine must be a powerful drug....
sportsfan1014::really?
Mickdellahyjack::3 OT games tonight.............so far......crazy
