Robert DeGuire::I am a Spurs fan listening to the Bucks announcing crew. I feel bad for these guys. You can tell they really have no confidence in their guys and juts have to talk about how good the other team is. These announcers sound pretty classy I just feel bad for them. You can tell it is a rough job having to announce 82 games for a team that hasn't been able to do anything for years. Best of luck in years to come Bucks fans.
Michael Saggio::I'm from Milwaukee, but have since become more of a Spurs fan than a Bucks fan. What's happening to tonight is perfect for both teams - great pick me up days for Kawhi & Timmy, while the Bucks momentum is being crushed and putting them back on track to tank harder. Bucks will need high draft pick to become truly competitive and allegedly this is the best year for that. Who knows, maybe someday Kawhi could be leading the Spurs to a Finals match against a Wiggins/Parker/Randle/Exum/Smart-led Bucks team...
Kevin Farmer::Let's go milwaukee get back to your losing ways.
Kevin Daly::i would like the Spurs to get to a point where they beat relevant teams like they have been most of the other teams they have beaten.  I know it is early and Pop is not going to get too fancy with the best teams this early in the season, but it doesn't inspire peace of mind to see the Spurs beat by other potential contenders after walloping a lot of the lesser teams so badly.
Cam Perry::i was just saying this. we haven't looked good against any of the contending teams we've played.
Kevin Daly::yeah, it is a big concern, but the good thing is that it is early in the season and Pop's teams have always been about execution on both sides of the floor.  That has always been the emphasis.  The good thing is that the bottom feeders are allowing fine tuning, but the new cogs/existing players getting more court time are going to need more time to fit together with Parker/Duncan/Kawhi/Ginobili/Green.  I fully expect by the end of the season that they will be to the point that they are doing well against the other top tier teams.
Kevin Daly::nm about the sf guy...thomas, just saw he had already decided to go play in France.
Moxie Jersey Co.::If my Bucks win this game next time I walk by a Salvation army bucket I'll drop a $20, I always drop something but never a $20. Go Bucks!
Ray Waterman::Go Spurs Go!! I respect this team as well as their fans..   signed  Pacer fan!!!   Go Pacers!!!
Mike Wagener::Back atcha Ray.
Michael Killebrew::We know we can beat cupcakes. We have to start doing better against the contenders.
Kevin Daly::I do think that they will get better with this.  I haven't really gotten to see them play yet this season, but just from looking it seems like Kawhi is a lot more sporadic with his offense to this point, it seems like Belinelli is contributing quite a bit already as well.  If Baynes can keep playing like he did the other night that will be another plus.  It would be really nice to have Duncan, Splitter AND Baynes as bigs that can get the job done.  I am really hoping that Kawhi really gets back to consistently being where he needs to be.  I wonder if he is trying to live up to the hype when he just needs to play...just with his demeanor and focus he has displayed in the past I wouldn't think that, but there's gotta be a reason for the inconsistency.  Even if the changes were not many, I wonder if additions and roster rotations through games are different enough to where Kawhi is still adjusting to some of the players he has on the court with him regularly...all just unfounded speculation on my part since I really haven't been able to watch much...at least it seems like Duncan has started coming out of his shooting funk.
Michael Killebrew::I think we need a trade. Another big would be nice. Still disappointed that we missed out on Michael Beasley.
Kevin Daly::it can also get frustrating that they get developmental projects they let sit on the back burner for 2-3 years a lot of times, i mean it usually ends up working pretty well when they come over, but doesn't help now. lol.  The SF guy they got in the draft this year...if i'm not mistaken he hasn't even played yet this year has he?
Jon Picus::Just a bitter bucks fan! Honestly the Spurs are a class act and are genuine winners.
Tatyana Kuptsevich::Why bitter? Wasn't everyone saying they should tank? They are now, unintentionally, and in the best year possible. It's not like they were going to be a contender this year if everyone had been healthy.
Jeremy Lugo::GOOOO!!!!! SPURS!!!!! GOOOO!!!!!
Matt Chapman::Wolters and Giannis played well in garbage time, look to the future Milwaukee, and stop signing worthless players like Mayo, Butler, Jennings, Ellis etc. for too much money! you are a small market team act like it!! Build through the draft and coach em up!! seems to be working for the Blazers at the moment
John Osaki Jr.::Great win. Big-time Spurs and Time Duncan fans, checkout the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
John Paul Wilkinson Jr::It looks like the Spurs can be beaten by a good team, or a team that gets really hot from the field.  If you're not a real good team or don't shoot +50% from the 3-point line, look out.
John Martin::John:  There is a reason you are retired.
Brian Pierson::John Martin Mr. Martin, that was great!
Justin Nixon::you look at the negatives, they're obvious.. I'll look at the positives like draft status and Giannis having a better season than Anthony Bennett
Connor Richardson::Come on Bucks! We've gotta stay winning. We won last nights game and it helped but we still need a lot better of a record. We need this win tonight.
Jerry Wolff::It is so hard being a bucks fan. I look for a reason to love this team but year after year it's the same disappointment
Mike Wagener::Kind of like beingt a Cowboys fan - every year they suck.  It's groundhog day every year.
Tatyana Kuptsevich::I know a lot of Knicks fans and they know exactly how you feel. The tough part about being a Spurs fan is that every loss is a shock. Even though we know that no one wins 82 games in a season and even the current percentage is unsustainable, we still expect them to win every time.
Yoonki Ethan Park::Curious. Would Spurs fans like a rematch with the Heat or a finals against the Pacers?
Ray Waterman::As a Pacers fan, I hope the Spurs make it to the fianals against the Pacers. Only because I think Spurs fans are the classiest in the NBA. top notch organization with top notch fans. I could handle a lot better if we had to lose again but it would be well deserving.  Put class all away around.   Go Pacers!!!!!
Alan Hickman::Rematch. ... we want revenge! !
Yoonki Ethan Park::Ray Waterman Duncan's one of my favorite players. It sucks having to root against him.
Kyle Miller::Can't lose them all. Milwaukee gets back on track tonight.  Spurs - 125 Bucks - 82
Bryce Johnson::Haha Timmy almost has a double-double in the 1st quarter.
Ron Schaffer::Spurs refuse to be buried. What a great organization.
Moxie Jersey Co.::Bucks refuse to lose to the Spurs by more then 50. Where going fight and bite and scratch our way to a lose of 50 or less, hang your head high boys!
Joe McGivern::The Spurs...Win a lot of games, but not the big one.
Vicente Martinez::That's just plain stupid.
Jon Picus::Spurs are old and early exit from this years playoffs.
Leighton Perentis::Good one.
Mike Wagener::Jon, sounds like you're really mad, bro.  LMAO!
Blair Ritger::Yeah, if you call winning the Finals in 5 games an early exit. ;-)
Samit Jain::wow bucks are worst team in NBA... and its not even close
Colman Coz Cooper::will pop play every1 tonite??? ya kno how he do. smh
Tony Sapsford::Doing it for Dante.....Let's go Bucks!
H.r. Rearden::Can we get a running clock for mercys sake?
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Old Spurs will dominate tonight
