Viju Patel::POINT 2 B NOTED CHICAGO is already 3-0 since the LUOL DENG trade to cleveland.
Virl Seribo::MIL and CHA isn't much competition.  Regardless, I'll take the 5 win streak.  Bulls!
Terry Lear::Virl Seribo hey meathead, garbage beats garbage = garbage
Adam Youman::Terry Lear hey meathead phoenix and hawks arent garbage. both are winnings teams
Geo Roh::The Bulls absolutely sold Deng short. I hand it to Noah for being pissed off about the cowards in the front office. They sold his buddy, a very talent, decent, hard-working All-Star player in his prime for a salary dump and a so-so first round reach pick. What a joke! Most teams would react by just folding and giving up. Noah and company are playing way beyond their talent level as a team right now (I think) to spite Gar and Pax. This was such a pathetic, desperate move. If Rose wasn't such a china-doll and wasn't done for the year this trade NEVER happens. Now we're stuck having to almost start all over again because Rose will never be a sure thing again, ever. Once you skip a season and ruin that consistency of competitive play you almost never recover to the player you were, even more so wasting away for two lost seasons. They should just trade Rose too for a first round pick and really rebuild. Rose is done. This team only has a chance because Tibs isn't a quitter and his players aren't quitters. Its a lot like "The Natural" or "Major League" where the owners want the team to fail but the players revolt against piss poor ownership and play their hearts out to spite them. Reinsdorf (a-hole), Paxon (Coward), Gar (Loser)...all trying their best to sink the ship but the crew won't submit. This is why I love Noah and hand it to the other players for being loyal to the game and to us fans.
Josh Sweat::As much as I hate the Rose part, You're so correct on this. Noah is and will always be my favorite player the guy just has the will power and is so unselfish they need to build around him. I think DJ was a lucky pick up as well.
Will McCoy::and if deng left in the offseason for nothing?
Will McCoy::Josh Sweat you cant build your team around a player that struggles to avg double figure points per game..
Eriko Jim::Bulls  will make the playoffs, we know the eastern conference stinks, even the Cavs  might do it with only 30 wins
Terry Lear::hey buddy, do you know that 16 teams make the playoffs, get a life loser.
Mizta Hermanstein::Love the rebranding: http://kingpintv.net/2013/12/23/newsvideo-bye-bye-bobcats-hello-hornets-kingpintv-net/
Prince Donald::great game.. no such thing as tanking this year... the guys in the draft at the top ten are not as great as advertised.. and the bulls will have a possible 3 picks in an important spot which will be 10-20 if sacremento can somehow fall out of the top ten picks this year which is highly doubtful but next year for sure that pick will be happening but this year the bobcats and bulls pick plus mirotic will be a huge off season for the bulls without tanking and also way to beat the bobcats to make sure your pick lands somewhere only slightly after ten because the(bobcats) have been beating other teams this year...
Matthew Todd Ballinger::"Bulls remain unbeaten after Deng Trade"..... They've played PHX, MIL, and CHA, I wouldn't be acting like that is some type of achievement.
Alan Wickman::DJ Augustin has bee a great find for the Bulls. He makes Heinrich and Teague expendable next year. Maybe resign Nate and we would have a pretty good guard rotation.
Xavier Harkness::So Josh McRoberts plays 37+ minutes and Anthony Tolliver plays 13 minutes... And Cody Zeller only plays 9? He's probably the most talented on the team. You gotta let the kid play so he can grow.
Adam Youman::Im thinking with the way Augustin has been playing for us that we should resign him next year as d rose backup and let go of kirk.
Jim Grieger::Bulls forgot they need to lose.  Unfortunately no one in the East wants to make the playoffs by choice.  We need a good draft pick to compliment or replace Rose.
Prince Donald::they didnt forget they needed to loose... there is no way they are going to have a worse record than the guys ahead of them... so they are built  to do and what they should do and keep winning.
Travis Gasper::They did sell dang short. But they got a whole bunch for the teams future. And they mite of lost him in the offseason and got nothing. Now wat 5 straight wins
Brian Peterson::The Bulls hate to shoot the ball!!  I just don't understand why they want such a low scoring game all the time!!
John Raymond Paradiso Jr.::Bulls hang 103 on the 3rd best scoring D. 1 game below .500, that puts us up there among the elite of the east.
Jim Anderson::Best move since they drafted Jordan, by far.
Paul Steeno::They selling Cartier Martin Bulls jerseys yet?
John Raymond Paradiso Jr.::I got my jersey guy on it already
Samuel Fisher::Bulls fans also said the team was better without Rose.
Marcleen Bavogui::great job boys... but im kind of confuse are tanking or not
Jason Patterson::I could never root for my team to lose, I tried to look at tanking and I just cant do it.
Terry Lear::Hey Bull fans, when is D.Rose going to run over his mama
Aaron Earl::I'm proud of this Bulls team! Keep the winning up!
Maggie Page::anyone heard about butler , is he playing tonight
Manny Roman::he should be he played last night!
Liam McKenner::Nah hes out tonight with sore leg or something.
Marvin Garcia::Up by 10 at half!! Wow the bulls are WORTHLESS!
Dan Kast::Who is Cartier Martin?
David Rolf::NBA journeyman, has spent a lot of time in the NBA D-League and some time overseas. The Bulls signed him for more depth at SG/SF after they traded Deng away.
