Alec Gonzalez::Let's get to .500
Richard Brown::If the Kings don't come out slow and play just a portion of as well as they played yesterday the Kings win this game. Cousins is due for another big night since the Lakers have nobody that can stop him. Same for Isiah Thomas coming off the bench.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Cousins was a beast last night, anyone who disagrees, obviously needs a lesson in sports statistics.
Ryan West Lombardi::It's been a long time since I looked forward to a Kings Lakers game....but the Lakers have been a joy to watch this year. The effort, team work and chemistry has been terrific so any game they play is a must see. Keep up the good work and keep improving each game as we've seen.
LyJuon Washington Sr.::let's go Lakers turn it up
NancyandMike Harris::Lakers 4life!!!
Joel L Mehler::Just got back from Lakers game with Alec Mehler.....Section 110, Row 13. Very blessed to have such great seats courtesy of a very good friend! :)
Michael Souza::Every win allows Kobe to rest that much longer until his achilles is healed
Leland Wong::With Kobe, Nash and Kaman out ,the Lakers are above 500, great.
Tony Stewart::jodie meeks and steve blake are playing like allstars.keep the streak going
Matthew L Smith::hahahaha...all-star level. Cool your jets there TS... maybe go and watch some game tape of guys like Paul and Parker too see what REAL allstars play like.
Walter Vinluan::if mamba play tonight 4 sure 4 the win #purplengold@4lifebaby
Hannah Elizabeth::Lakas gone wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin
Chad Wiggins::ill never understand why fredette doesnt play more on this perennial loser.....  he makes unselfish basketball plays.... not to mention he's a scorer and a shooter... and from what ive seen, his def is no worse than most of the other kings. as soon as they yank him out, the kings go quickly the other way on the scoreboard
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Kings got this one, almost beat the fast paced clippers in yesterdays 1 pt loss ( even when officiating was one sided ) Just a fact laker fans, the game is 48 mins long and unfortunately the overall lakers team will wear their legs out before 4th Q.
Sam Thompson::Lakers beat the clippers decisively
Ronald Rasp::LOL! Yes they did. Lakers will get this one and get to .500. That's a fact
Sam Thompson::And the warriors once
Leland Wong::I just read an article by Steve Pelton, the prognosis for Kone's achilles injury is quite grim. No one has made it back 100% from such an injury before. I hope that with today's modern medicine he can, we need it.
David C Hall::Its KEVIN Pelton. And four players have come back to play as good or better than before the injury.
Leland Wong::David C Hall Thank you David for the correction, makes me feel better. But can Kobe at 35 or 36 make a full recovery
Eboni Clay::Wesley johnson is an upgrade from metta world peace right now. Judging from this season alone
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I would have to disagree with that one, Wesley can only dream about defending players like Ron Artest use to in his prime.
Eboni Clay::Thats why im saying off this season alone. Metta is sucking in ny. Not as quick, and suck at handling ball. Im not speaking of metta from his prime. Im talking off this season alone
Peter Birnbaum::Agreed, as MWP really played his last elite game on O and D against the Celts in game 7.  He celebrated that win like no other, changed his name, and was never the same as a Laker.  Couple solid games, but nothing like he used to be.  He's now essentially done as if he can't defend, he's unreliable on O.
Mike Dixon::Second toughest schedule so far and .500.  I'll take it.  Now let's see 2-1 on this road trip.
Cj Vanginkel::should go 3-0 there is not 1 team above .500 on this trip
Renee Pantoja::The Lakers have played 12 games against teams with records over .500 and are 5-7 against them. They are 6-3 at home and have only played 5 games on the road where they are 1-4. They are on their way out for a 3 game road trip where they will have 1 back to back. Calm down and see where they are after they return from their road trip, If my math is correct there are still 68 games left in the season.
Matthew Stephenson::Fredette making me Jimmer my jammers with the plays he is creating
Leland Wong::Lakers are having a tough time w/o Kobe.
Eboni Clay::6-7 with the 3rd toughest schedule?? No they doing okay
Ronald Rasp::I think it was the second toughest schedule so far. Being at .500 without Kobe and Nash in the line up is pretty good. People are sleeping on this team, and I love it.
Leland Wong::Ronald Rasp  Good to hear that, no Kobe and Nash and at .500 perfect.
Saeed Heidary::9 games at home for LAL ....
Cj Vanginkel::with the second hardest schedule in the nba ok.
Mike Dixon::and now they have 7 of their next 10 on the road...
Cj Vanginkel::Mike Dixon the lakers could go 10-0 in that strech if they play right but a 7-3 or 8-2 sounds more realistic.
Dnj Pythons::kings by 3
Matt Elmore::This will be an interesting benchmark road trip for the Lakers. Three teams who are talented but struggling at the moment (WAS, BKN, DET). Honestly, if the Lakers play with the effort and aggressiveness they exhibited at home, they could (and probably should) win all 3 of these games. On the flip side, if they're a step slow or are settling for outside jumpshots, they will be blown out in all 3 games because the other teams are simply more talented. Washington though will be a load; Wall torched them in their last meeting (the Laker loss in March) with 24 and 16 assists.
Peter Vrouhas::Avery Johnson made an interesting comment last week on ESPN. He said, as a player he retired late in his career, he was 39 years old, then he went on to coaching.  He admitted, when a player is in his late 30's. It takes until January to get into true "game shape". I found that comment astonishing. So maybe their is still hope for the geriatric teams, featuring Garnett, Pierce, Nash, Bryant, Ginobili, Duncan, Fisher.
Shane Michael::It will be close, but I see Lakers with the Win!   The Lakers have such an athletic and fast running bench that puts up points (one of the top benches in the league) which makes the Lakers hard to deal with.  Especially since a lot of power house teams with big name starters...have little to no bench to account for.  Basically the Lakers last year.  They were star studded, but their bench was pretty weak, which meant the starters (Kobe) had to play more minutes which resulted in injuries and team losses overall.
Matt Elmore::Wow…oh my god…they let Vasquez play some minutes tonight…and he put up 20 and 7!! Wow, go figure, if you let a solid PG play minutes for your team, he'll probably produce. Same dude got 17 and 12 on Deron Williams in a beatdown of the Nets.
Matt Elmore::Isaiah Thomas is not a PG. He's a Nate Robinson type. Can give you some points and electric plays, but he cannot run your team. It's ludicrous that Malone doesn't understand this
Peter Birnbaum::What happened to the post that said that the game is 48 minutes and the Lakers would be worn out before the end?  Need another 48 minutes?  Did this guy realize that the Kings played yesterday?
Ronald Rasp::He realized he was wrong and I guess he deleted his comment
Matt Elmore::Let Greivis Vasquez play, jesus. Dude was 14 and 9 last year but Malone thinks Isaiah "chuck" Thomas is the second coming of the Pistons great smh. If you don't like Vasquez, the Lakers would be happy to use him
Josh AndNatalie Burhenn::Your comment leads me to believe that you have no idea what you are talking about. Isaiah shooting percentages are great thus far, his assist numbers are up and his efficiency rating is very high. Show me the problem here.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::Thomas is a pathetic lil beeyutch and vazquel is Mexican. Either way you go you're screwed
Rob Moras::you look like a washed up actor, shut your mouth vlad
