the source close to the situation::Wow lillard 0-6? I like lillard, but maybe at 0-3, you should step back and say "maybe i'm cold from downtown tonight. I'll take twos or pass."
vigue11::Or because YOU'RE an uneducated fu-ck. It's simple grammar man.
Rip City Forever::Wow sorry you've never been laid before dude
sk0dawgs::if you're trying to be grammatically formal on espn, starting sentences with or is wrong. now get off our blazer board
Magic are better than you::If you came to these boards looking for good grammar, you are at the wrong place...  hahaha
vigue11::Cmon Rip city how can you say "your" when it's clearly spelled correctly directly above you?
Rip City Forever::Because I don't give a fu-ck
Rip City Forever::Your an idiot
Kurbstomp44 v2::you're an idiot..
Magic are better than you::Its funny to me when I see so many people bashing the Magic when they wish their team would play half as hard as the magic...  SMH
brownbear541::im a blazers fan. this team has played their butts off this season. pretty sure we were picked to do absolutely nothing this year. definitely not 4 games over. .500
kaharevic::Orlando's 9 game losing streak seems worse then it is. Most of their loses were close games like this one
WhatthaChill::They beat a few top teams like Golden State and kept it close with NYK and Miami and have virtually been winless since Big Babys been out... We can get a good draft pick and still let everyone know we're not as bad as our record suggests.
pnete::Turk is sucking up the minutes that need to go to Harkless. Magic is going nowhere this year. They need to develop the young guys..
Grape Soda Billy::im hammered
parafal::how did Turkoglu get so bad... so fast...?
ras1982::So happy he decided to sign with Toronto instead of Portland!
nba4life101::karma
ThinYellowLine::Same thing happened to my grandpa!
showstopperinthebronx::Been following this bet system called Sportsbettingstar. I doulbed my initial balance my first month and made almost $3000 my 2nd month just following its bets. You can find the system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems.  I have bet on sports for years and this is one of the better systems I have tried.
Joel100mill::How many people here actually watches basketball?
kmarsh6969::me
Joel100mill::sup did anyone make money on that +7 magics?  Blazers &gt; Magic
MagicBoltzRays::following the W @ LA, the Magic allowed 98 points or less in 12 straight games. since then the Magic have given up 105 or more in 5 out of 6 games.
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::Why do I hear all the Redick trade-talk? isnt he the only player on the roster who has not been a disappointment, but a succes this season?
Magic are better than you::No not the only one
Nineduce12::Magic like to trade good players for rookies who end up being total failures.
kmarsh6969::no respect for the Blazers from ESPN, not surprised. lets talk more about the crappy lakers
nba4life101::Seriously tho...how does orlando get ALL the commentary focus for this game??? shame on you espn, blazers are for real
R.2.D.2.::They are making a huge deal over some tweet of Kobe and Dwight arm wrestling or something. Apparently that's the #1 news story tonight. Really?
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::same with the NFL and the Jets. ESPN loves when teams, who were said to be good do awful. they always try to make it all look like a soap opera
Heisman Driskel::Lakers should try and trade Gasol for Ryan Anderson.
LoveSkiing123::Fakers just announced trading blowbe for two Clippers Dancers...and the Fakers are all happy thinking they got the best part of the deal... Said team owner Jerry Buss: "...Sometimes you gain by subtraction..." I'd have to say that is one wise owner :)
hmqenz::Hornets do not want and will not take that garbage trade. Not every team in the league will get ripped off by the Lakers just  cause the Lakers want it
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::man, i dont know. i would rather look to get rid of d'anthony, than to trade for a worse player, only cause he fits better in his system
bronbronsdad::nelson breaks skiles assist record. Skiles gets fired same day
Nineduce12::I wish Rashard Lewis was back in ORL.
Magic are better than you::Wow man you have no idea what you are talking about
Virgomused::They're both washed up!
Nineduce12::He's was still part of a great offense. Better than who the Magic traded him for. Arenas was the real Washed up player.
MagicBoltzRays::lol. no. dude is washed up.
MagicBoltzRays::"defense? aint nobody got time for dat!" - Vaughn
Heisman Driskel::You're are such a fool... Who is a good defender on the team? NO ONE..Can't pull defense outta his a s s.
asdbluecfl::Two words, BIG baby.
MagicBoltzRays::they were playing very good team defense before big baby went down. check out the #'s
R.2.D.2.::Blazers 10-2 in games decided by 6 pts or less, 5-0 in overtime, won 11 of last 14 games. What a turnaround from last season.
BillWaltonsHair::sooooo true. o.t. used to mean guaranteed loss for the blazers
alaskangeeky::and no bench, too bad jamal crawford left and scorer would be nice
nba4life101::and yet espn treats them like their recent wins are losses. wtf
Bad_pi::Amazing for such a young team too
MagicBoltzRays::maybe the wins will come if we could play some god damn defense.
chris johnson 558::I'm proud of these guys. They are driven and committed to this organization. The wins will come. Maybe not this year, but with our new coaching staff and front office I think that Orlando will be nationally relevant before too long!
MagicBoltzRays::did you just post the exact same thing on facebook?
Nineduce12::You shittin me? Damn Howard really WAS the reason why Orlando won any games. Geez.
Nineduce12::Lakers are disfuctional. Im surprised they havent lost more games than they have. But even so Howard led the Magic to the playoff numerous times. Magic probably wont be in it this year for the first time in about 5 years.
Gabriel Night::There is essentially nothing remaining of the team Howard was on.
MagicBoltzRays::not at all. Howard cost us numerous games with his turnovers and missed FT's
nba4life101::Agreed. Howard is so overrated. His FT % is a joke no matter what his other stats are
danyoyoh::JJ Hickson!!!!  blazers gave him a chance and he's top 3 in double doubles this yr.
ras1982::Would love to sign Redick next year and maybe Bring Jack back as the back up point guard and sign a big like Gortat?
ThinYellowLine::gimme one great bench player from somewhere and i'll believe!
Popitoff_2.0::I love me some Hickson BUT he's undersized at C. Remember that last Laker game? Ouch!
danyoyoh::I sure hope so.  Guy brings it every game
Bad_pi::We better sign him long term after his contract is up at the end of the year
Brianhau529::we will and he loves it here so I can't see him passing it up
chris johnson 558::gg Portland fans good luck in the next games
Brianhau529::12-4 at home this year, no one can $@%! with the Rose Garden!
nba4life101::If they find a way to beat the heat, hopefully they'll get some recognition FINALLY from the media
Heisman Driskel::Yeah after Stern pressing the city of Orlando to build a nice new arena or else and then the Dwight fiasco he owes us two straight #1 picks..He gave Cleveland their's after they lost Lebron so I'm sure we'll get ours.
SacKings..MinnVikingsFan::When will kings get something from stern?
gratuitous::Get in line behind Portland. There are a couple of banners missing from the rafters in the Rose Garden.
Heisman Driskel::What superstar has left them high and dry? And if you're  talking about 2002 good luck..Stern has swept that under the rug.
Beaver Cowboy Blazer Believer 17::What happen with Will
nba4life101::D league. But its a good thing! he's gonna be Lillard lite in a few yrs
p1kaygee::The scary moment when u realize 4 out of the 5 blazers starters have double doubles
p1kaygee::JJ Hickson and Lillard were my best fantasy steals this year
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::same here except lillard been a little slow lately to many TOs but still top PG
p1kaygee::Haha yeah, ive got the 4 that got the double doubles
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::and the good moment when you have 3 on your fantasy basketball team
Bad_pi::Yeah starters tearin it up
LaMarcus Aldridge::RIP CITY UPRISE!!!
gratuitous::This team is growing up right before our eyes. This game was a real grind, as nothing seemed to work quite right, and every time the Blazers had a little something going, the Magic had an answer. Finally got to overtime, and wore down a tired opponent. I'd almost feel sorry for Orlando, but that's been the story for the Blazers so many times, my sympathy for fatigue and injuries (hi Laker fans!) has run out.  Good work, Portland.
nba4life101::well said. its a great day to be a blazer!
ColeGumbo::i'M guessing this isn't the real LA
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Glen Davis is gonna get traded I heard rumor, any truth.
chris johnson 558::no
Bad_pi::Good game magic, this was a tough one
nba4life101::Dunno. Scouting report shoulda said blazers dont lose in overtime
chris johnson 558::jj redick airballed the most important shoot in the game
Sterkey25::Did hedo get hurt? Why only 5 minutes thats very limited.
Sterkey25::Thats what I figured, might not have the best stats but I think he still has value
nba4life101::That's what Hedo's wife said
nba4life101::...said Hedo's Wife
Gabriel Night::Hedo just got back from an injury and is still out of it.
Zlincoln123::Old $@% mofo
MagicBoltzRays::Hedo sucks.
Heisman Driskel::Harkless needs more playing time..Vaughn needs to realize the season is done..It's time to develop this youngster and live with some of his growing pains because he is the one player on this roster who has star potential.
ColeGumbo::RIP EM' BLAZERS!!!!! #RIPCITY
Zlincoln123::Man I hate being a die hard magic fan!!! Sticking with my team though.  Big baby needs to come back ASAP
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Any Blazers on the trading block?
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::They only looking for backup guards I heard but nothing big.
Beaver Cowboy Blazer Believer 17::Price and Claver
Brianhau529::I don't think so, all the players are young and have lots of potential. No need to trade away anyone right now
R.2.D.2.::Basically the entire bench except for the rookies ( I wish)
Bad_pi::Nobody big
MagicBoltzRays::Magic led by 7 going into the 4th against miami (lose by 2 in OT) Magic led by 8 going into the 4th against NY (lost by 8) Magic led by 9 at halftime tonight. (lose by 6 in OT) something has to change.
Nineduce12::Yeah like a new coach and players!
MagicBoltzRays::dumb. we don't need to change any personell
chris johnson 558::both teams combined for 69 assists
Gabriel Night::69 DUDE!
Brianhau529::cool story bro
Heisman Driskel::They have a shiny new arena to fill!!
wampuscatiam::Lucky ping pong ball
Heisman Driskel::I don't hear you fools idea as to how the Magic can improve... Lets hear it fools..SOMETHING has to happen..
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Davis needs to get healthy and get a more consistent 3
wampuscatiam::We have to get healthy and Vaughn has to get a set rotation
vanillafrosty12::Improving doesn't mean trading away two of your most productive players for an injury prone star. Having K. Love will leave us right back to where we were with Dwight. Decent but not great.
Yankees and Giants 2012 Champions::Play Nicholson more
Daniel83510::I'd prefer FA
Gabriel Night::Well lets get everyone healthy and then see.
MagicBoltzRays::yea. they are going to have to improve though the draft or FA.
Gabriel Night::GG Blazers
caubadatviet::wth....haha
Oklahoma284::Always gotta buy the .5 there if you're taking the favorite
Yankees and Giants 2012 Champions::either way
kingyankee2323::the Magic are missing that go to scorer this team is no joke they play hard but they com up short everytime, imagine if they had a go to scorer
Ill-Blaze::in todays nba you need more then just one option you need 2 or 3 big time players
caubadatviet::i have ports -5.5
Yankees and Giants 2012 Champions::Nicholson needs more playing time
phunky58::yes
ForeverGrapeOKC::Milwaukee just fired Scott Skiles
MagicBoltzRays::can he still play point?
MagicBoltzRays::Love goes under the category of injury prone these days.
AINOKEALLBUSUFAKAWOT::seemed like thats Magic coach was just  trying to cover wtf
Ill-Blaze::great win
R.2.D.2.::Big game against Miami coming up... If we win, Kobelies will call it a fluke, and if we lose, he will say the blazers suck
