EVERYONE PLEASE FLAG nba is the worst THANK YOU::<u> sda</u>
EVERYONE PLEASE FLAG nba is the worst THANK YOU::vjlvnjs
EVERYONE PLEASE FLAG nba is the worst THANK YOU::mijn
kenny71682::your cant keep someone like beasley on the bench to long.  he dosent belong on the bench especially if he keeps producing the way hes producing\
md7152::I really like Beasley coming off the bench.  Instant offense and a well needed spark.  Ridnour, Beasley and Pek play really well together.  Ridnour's stats are misleading a lot of the time.  He does a lot of small things out there to get other teammates involved.
WorldSeriesTwins88::Ok, for the first and only time ever, Rubio has outrebounded Kevin Love, just a weird stat i noticed lol.
ap2628::Thunder, Clippers, Lakers look out, the T-Wolves will be a serious sleeper in the west!!!!!!
jiggy007::CMON ESPN the last headline on the NBA page??  Cmon Man The Wolves are for real.  How about some coverage on Rubio instead of CPinjured or Rose.
Murphy55410::too busy talking about 1 football game for 8 hrs a day for 2 weeks....
Steaksauce651::Stl Rams &gt; Dallas Mavericks
mnwildrule72101::Go Wolves!
MJ__The ___GREATEST::Rick Adelman is GREAT coach, Houston made mistake to let him go
JWagg12::Why does Wes continue to get minutes? Until he figures out he isnt half the shooter he was in college he is going no where. start driving to the hoop or ride the bench.
ibnfrey::Go Wolves! :)
Harvery_Birdman00::I wish the wolves were in ANY other division than the Northwest. They will finish behind the Thunder,Nuggets,Jazz and Blazers : (
SolitaryPine::Yeah, have the last place team be better than 500 (which is how I predict the season will end) will be crazy.
Kyrie Irving... ROY::Rubio is garbage.   Deal with it
SolitaryPine::Irving is a better shooter. Rubio is better at everything else and is a much better point guard. While the award may go to the guy who gets more points, I'd much rather have Rubio as my point guard. Plus, Rubio is more fun to watch and makes the top ten plays way more often than Irving.
Kyrie Irving... ROY::How does it feel to know that he won't even come close to ROY?
StaticX7273::feels good when he is bringing in wins... ROY isnt a huge deal
Pineapple Express 12::Woah.  Every single ladder?  No arguing that now is there.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::He's a rookie and it's January, correct?
Kyrie Irving... ROY::Every rookie ladder has had Kyrie Irving since the season started. He's #1. He's way more talented and clutch.
Pineapple Express 12::You should probably ask him. I am just a fan. My life will go on.
SolitaryPine::It's called wishful thinking.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::How you figure that?
SolitaryPine::Oddly, I don't see Kyrie Irving in the top five of all players in anything, and there is Rubio in the top five in both steals and assists.
StaticX7273::yup a double double is garbage
Pineapple Express 12::Hi hater.
StaticX7273::whoa, Beasley with 34? did not see that coming
Pineapple Express 12::Might become more prevalent since he is driving to the hoop more instead of taking jump shots.  Beasley just needed a good coach for once in his career that was willing to help him maximize his abilities, and I think Adelman is starting to help him realize those.
mn_tanz::Absolutely.  I don't mind some jump shots, but the guy needs to get more aggressive in getting to the hoop.  That'll give him a little more space to shoot the jumpers, too, if he can effectively get to the hole for a bucket or draw fouls.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::He gets 6 million a year. He should be doing something.
charlietopper1981::Is Kevin Martin's lack of defense costing the Rockets games? I know he's a scorer but they seem to do fine without him.
dabulls2012::8th seed in the West right now...actually tied with Portland at 12-9...
dabulls2012::Leave it to Beasley to go for 34 points and have just 3 boards and 1 assist...sounds like Amare...
Nate6784::he had 12 the night before. hes actually one of the better rebounding sf's in the game. and as for the assists? hes playing sf and pf for all of his minutes, and his name isnt lebron. so 1 to 4 a game is fine. get off his case.
Pineapple Express 12::except he didn't have to take 30 shots to get there.
Pineapple Express 12::That was because Dalembert seemed to always be under the hoop and rebounds were swatted out 10 feet where Rubio would pick them up.   Nonetheless Beasley will only get about 5-6 rebounds a game since he is playing SF instead of PF.
dabulls2012::Good point...but with his size and athleticism and playing 32 min, shouldn't he end up with more than 3 boards? I mean even Love wasn't rebounding so it wasn't like he was deferring (that's Joakim Noah's excuse sometimes as he plays with Boozer who typically gets 8+ boards)...heck, Rubio was the leading rebounder for Minny...
FranciscoKern::Where are the Rubio haters?  Where have you gone a$$ clowns?
dabulls2012::Kid can ball...had LOTS of doubts after watching him play a little bit in Europe...GREAT scouting to understand he'd actually be WAY better playing in the NBA with better athletes as that transition usually goes the other way...
Peter E. Jensen::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=6mgk444  I would rock this trade out. I don't know how Adelman feels about Terrence since he had him last season but I know i'd be willing to trade wes for an athletic wing who doesn't play right now. As for Budinger he was just a throw in to make the cap work and I hear he has been content with letting Parsons steal his starting job. What do you guys think?
Dinomeyt::Peters trade possibility is actually really good. We would pay more, but at the same time we would get two players who know Rick's system, which is something Wes obviously hasn't learned
flexylexy_9000::wow you wanna give up on D. Williams already??? Horrible trade frnorth.
frnorth::I would rather do something like:  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=6offjef  or   http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7qfwqs6
I_R_HAV_WIN::TWolves run the NBA!
minny snowta::well said!
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::How so?
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::How is being 10-11 anywhere near as good as winning a NBA title? Yea, these 'Wolves are doing great. Yea, they've put together their best start since 2006. And yea, I believe those "T-Wolves fans don't usually get to see their team reach 10 wins until March" days could be over with their improved squad, but remember it's only January. Rome wasn't built in a day. I'd honestly like to see them go in as the 7th or 8th seed (which I think they'll do) and make a little noise, but they are young, inexperienced and don't know what winning really feels like so it's going to be interesting to see how they do over the next few months.
FranciscoKern::Even with losing November, T-Wolves fans don't usually get to see their team reach 10 wins until March.  So 10-11 is BIG.  It's almost as good as a championship.
jairushawkins::We lostttttttttttttttttttt to the T-wOLVES AT HOME................................
minny snowta::get used to it!
samcar9er::Wow im very impressed  with this wolves team!!!!!!
SDunick::great game wolves!!!!!
RCNBA::whats up with the boards
weltycardinal::terrence williams needs to get more play time
nietoadrian::vamos lobos
jonnyd_94::what happened to Jonny Flynn?
ilyak_17::Sucked since the minute he entered the league.
Trolls Are Us__Suspended Account 5::hey beasley, be easy.
JeffreyBond13::http://espn.go.com/blog/truehoop/post/_/id/36299/rubio-starting-to-give-t-wolves-success  Nuff Said... Rubio = ROY.
Vikeslegit::With rubio dishing out the rock, the wolves are going to be tough to stop if they can start hitting the open shot like they should .
jonnyd_94::and everyone said he was a joke...its so satisfying shutting the clowns up
zachrlee::Beasley's 6'10"?
mikegovikes::in NBA inches, yes
mikegovikes::at least Wes always has a smile on his face :)
oathsky777::IM SO SAD THAT FANS ARE HERE
m4gor::and who would you expect to be here? some mid africa chics discussing boys from next village or what? you so pathetic
m4gor::i am so sad i watched all twolves games so far and missed only this one when finally offense worked greatly :-( at least i got lots of money because come on odds on twolves 5/2? LOL? ty betting industry
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::Good win for Wolves! away wins mark&gt;0.500 is incredible!
cobrakai2002::Our best lineup is   Rubio pg Webster sg Williams sf Love pf Pekovic c  Then you have beasley &amp; Ridnour off the bench... Plus a gaggle of other guys. No one on the Wolves squad can't give you something...
minny snowta::this would be my squad: Pek Love Beasley Martell Webster Rubio  Wes Johnson should not even be on the floor after 1 minute of the game's start.  Ridnour and Wes can start but should quickly be replaced by Web and Big Easy to light it up.
mattz0825::False.
ih8pikeys::Why is Wes Johnson still a starter?  He is lol_bad.
cobrakai2002::Martell Webster will be the 2 guard before long...
King David Stern::Texas is a sh.it place ask BUSH
acbasurto::Ur moms Bush said no.
Jerryintx88::op
Rocket9unch::Thanks for the space, rockets tank the year away why dont you.
sandhoefner::Ricky frickin' Rubio!
polomontana::Derrick Williams 7 minutes??? They don't need Derrick Williams and they need to trade him. His peers like Marshon Brooks and Kyrie Irving are getting good playing time. Everyone in the top 10 is getting more playing time than Williams.  TRADE HIM TO BOSTON!!!
cobrakai2002::Yeah, lets ship our future to Boston for who, a decrepid Pierce or Garnett. I say F boston, let them wollow in mediocracy for a while. They fleeced us in the Garnett trade amongst others.
BHalbach10::for who?
TubbyTime334::42 in a Quarter! Wow!!!
HoraceGrantsGoggles::Horace Grant or Gheorghe Muresan who would u build a franchise around?
Ron3758::I have bet on sports for a few years now and have gone through handicappers like women. Two months ago I found a system sportsbettingstar.com that is pretty decent. I have only lost 1 bet so far. It is a 2 game betting system were you double down if you lose the first bet. Im 30-1 doing this so far. Thought I would post this for anyone who is looking for a good handicapper
xrayspecspecialist::I have bet on sports for a few years now and have gone through handicappers like women. Two months ago I found a system sportsbettingstar.com that is pretty decent. I have only lost 1 bet so far. It is a 2 game betting system were you double down if you lose the first bet. Im 30-1 doing this so far. Thought I would post this for anyone who is looking for a good handicapper or is just tired of BS handicappers
xrayspecspecialist::I have bet on sports for a few years now and have gone through handicappers like women. Two months ago I found a system sportsbettingstar.com that is pretty decent. I have only lost 1 bet so far. It is a 2 game betting system were you double down if you lose the first bet. Im 30-1 doing this so far. Thought I would post this for anyone who is looking for a good handicapper or is just tired of BS handicappers
TubbyTime334::Don't Mess With Texas. Ya Right! Wolves 5-1 against Texas teams this year.
TubbyTime334::B-Easy!!!
