jaubs17::i feel like they are losing on purpose since they know they cant get into the playoffs and just want another high lottery pick
doggbrown1::John wall=overrated. BIG TIME.
jaubs17::he needs to spend this off season developing a 3pt/deep 2 shot. because he cant hit that to save his life right now.
G E O R G I A---912---DAWGS::J-SMOOVE2036 This is the best ATLANTA Hawks team of all time. We got a real shot at the ECF this year. _____  Doc Rivers/Dominique Wilkins teams of the 80s and the Steve Smith/Mutombo/Blaylock teams of the 90s were better.
J-SMOOVE2036::i strongly disagree.  relative to the competition, this hawks team is better.  no way the hawks stood a chance vs jordans bulls or the bad boy pistons or birds celtics.   this hawks team can go toe to toe with the heat and bulls.
leonsearcy::then the current team is not better---the competition is worse
CandySparker::Hawks Lotta Love!
markos kolioulis::wizards need to get a actual coach if they draft gilchrist cause thats gonna be one scare trio of gilchrist, wall, and nene
J-SMOOVE2036::Joe Johnson = the bitche.s bast.ard
J-SMOOVE2036::this is a compliment btw
MAGIC11033::atlanta=won, but they didnt cover... spread was 3.5, they won by 3.  Wizards should have won, look at that, gave up a 10 point lead going into the 4th.
nahbb::nba fantasy draft all players are eligible where would u guys put kobe?   this site had him 14th seems to low tho... http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/
goalie1113::kobe in his prime? #1 overall, and its not even close. 2012 kobe? around 10-15...
leonsearcy::in his prime he was a 45% shooter 5.7 rebounds and roughly .4 blks pgame---all below league avg--steals right at the avg----great fantasy player for sure--not a consensus 1st pick by any stretch---lebron has him in blocks stls assists rebounds shooting pct by a wide margin---3's are close--slight edge kobe---scoring close-overall lebron
Barrk6::Get excited 186 comments
marchmadness021::John Wall 1-10 ...WTF
1 contender::What do you Wizard fans think of Edwin Ubiles? I watched all of his college games, great kid.
Dirtybearcub::I want to give him a chance
taran452::big leads aren't the only thing wizards players blow away...   -Gilbert Arenas
J-SMOOVE2036::This is the best ATLANTA Hawks team of all time.  We got a real shot at the ECF this year.
taran452::Dang I turned when we were losing by 14 and started watching some dude die from scoffing down a banana and a soft drink on youtube and the hawks won? What happen
taran452::The Wiz make me to get my glock. Pow Pow Pow : Tasha Mack .J.K. Gilbert Arenas
Agent Zero7::I havent heard that one before...
Agent Zero7::Wiz blew a big lead again, cant close out in the fourth and Joe Johnson was clutch late in the game
taran452::thx thats more insight than sportscenter
tbest23::Hey did Wall do the Dougie...
bombteacher::Right.
23germany::wiz are bad AND stupid  john wall probably has a 15% chance to make that pressure 3........what a useless franchise, just get rid of them and some others as well   best of cavs, wiz, cha, nets could become one new franchise...would still struggle to make playoffs
Agent Zero7::all of those teams have been to the playoffs pretty recently minus the nets, who went to the finals back in the early/mid 2000s
tizi6969::Relax, every franchise can't make the playoffs every year it doesn't work that way. Wizards will be back in the playoffs in 2-3 years. I'd assume the Cavs will be back in next year.  Meanwhile teams like the hawks will slip out of the playoffs as they over paid johnson and probably won't keep Josh Smith, who is their best player.
bombteacher::What IDIOT would admit to being a WUZZARDS fan? HAHA!
bombteacher::Need to blow that sheite up bro
Agent Zero7::A real fan who stands by their team good or bad
03memberofsociety::The Wizards lost because they don't have any good players.  NY is like the 4th option on the Clippers now.
cycycychris::Wide open 3 and you miss it. Can't get a easyer game tieing shot than that.
marchmadness021::wide open lay-up...
d butler16::I hope Gilbert Arenas does something stupid again and get banned from the leauge. Hate him for how he treated this franchise.
Marcus87145::A Push Game
UNIVREBELZ::is bs :/ i had wiz
HiThere76::Wow Wizards are pathetic
jbfreeman62::Hawks escape with a W got 2 wins in the first 2 games of the back to back to back hopefully we can finish it off tomorrow against Utah.  How many teams had 2 back to back to backs this year like ATL?
infinitenetix::Ill take the push, wish wall wouldve bricked earlier so they foul and I cover but a push is good!
infinitenetix::I no, doubt a sport can be anymore rigged then the NBA.
UNIVREBELZ::Lol be thankful for the push you should of lost moneyyyy
UNIVREBELZ::Backdoor cover for the Hawks..
lionsfanforever09::Wizards always blow games... The coach or John Wall must have someone playing "Live-In Play on a sportsbook.
jbfreeman62::Hawks clamp down on D when it matters in the 4th the past 3 games
ClippersFTW5480::wait guys. this is where the nba is fixed. the whole time this game was suppose to go over. and it was probably 1% chance it would go under. how the hell didnt this go over.
mrclarion::Hawks struggle to beat another lottery team, but we'll take this W.  Doesn't matter by how much a win is a win.  Next up...Utah. I'm out.
JusscallmeZ::Don't post too soon next time ClippersFTW5480
cycycychris::UGH. Why do i watch this $%#@ anymore. They don't ever try in the 4th quarter.
robthegame0472::wall is horrible he should have stayed in school
JusscallmeZ::WOOOO! WON THE UNDERRRR SWEEEEEEET.
slamdrunk47::F.UCK YOU WIZARDS YOU PIECE OF S.HIT LOSERS
the myth.::rigged
bombteacher::WOW...Outscored 27-14 in the 4th...Says it all.
bombteacher::U shut up GAY!
maccasgay::SHUTUP DONKEY
eatthemoney::score si vous preferez
jbfreeman62::Past few games Joe has been the Anti-LeBron... hawks sure have been playing down to their competition but I'll take the first 2 of a back to back to back if they hold on
cycycychris::COme on Wizards don't make it 2 games in a row you give up the lead in the 4th!!!!!!
ClippersFTW5480::like if you think soemone will hit a 3 right now
ClippersFTW5480::so this game is going under then wow
JusscallmeZ::NO
maccasgay::NENE WITH THE 3 BALL
Marcus87145::this is a push game $@%!
eatthemoney::score?
mrclarion::JOE coming up big when u need him to
cmonson3::Wiz suck bad
maccasgay::why take nene out of the game u ejjits
slamdrunk47::If the Wizards lose this game the fans should not show up for another game
UNIVREBELZ::WOW at the refs in this!
mrclarion::we need to make some free throws.
