Carl D Hill::See what happens when you change coaches, just because?
Joseph Barton::or when your best two players are injured
Bronya Vogel::Try again Joseph the grizzly where losing when they had everyone play.
Greg Bosgraaf::Bronya they were 7-5 when Marc went down. Lionel had many 7-5 stretches over 12 games last year, and some 6-6 stretches last year as well. You have a strong allegiance to Lionel which is admirable, but don't be blinded by that allegiance so that you can't see the facts.
Aeron Uchiha::Grizz lost but they fought well sans their superstars.
Jordan Luongo::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XV84e6QOPM&feature=youtu.be
James Allen::See the Grizzles has lost five games in a row.  Still don't understand why the owner did not bring the coach back.  He took the team deep in the playoff.  Now it looks like we will not make the playoff.
Steve Olita::The Idiots Club: Robert Pera, Stu Lash, John Hollinger & Jason Levein.....Congrats to these 4 on destroying the Memphis Grizzlies. LOSERS!!
Greg Bosgraaf::Did they injure all of our players?
Steve Olita::Before the players got hurt it was becoming crystal clear that we'd slipped. Sure, that could be blamed on having a new coach but the bottom line is there shouldn't even be a new coach. The only coach to ever win a playoff game was fired. If I was Lionel I'd be glad not to be here...at least he doesn't have to deal with a glorified equipment manager (John Hollinger) running out onto the practice court attempting to coach.
Greg Bosgraaf::I don't know about that Steve. Marc got hurt in the 1st half of the Spurs game which was the first game after our California sweep. The Grizz looked awesome on that roadtrip and it was becoming clear to me that they had figured it out.
Brad Bowie::The West is just too good this yr for them to climb out of the hole they are in.. The team was finally building chemistry when the injury bug struck.. so once they do get healthy there will still be a period of trying to get back that chemistry they had begun to build.. But just how big will the hole be before they get healthy again.. This team right now is without their 2 best players (Conley & Gasol), 6th man (Pondexter), who is out for the yr, and now add Miller and Prince to the Injury list, plus a hobbling ZBo & Allen.. This bad start is gonna get much worse before it gets better unfortunately..
William Burton::This front office sucks!!!!!! Moneyball at its finest. going on the cheap. Levien and Hollinger need to be run out of town. and where is opie, the owner. SILENT!!!!!! We as fans have gotten hoodwinked. the Memphis grizz, the new nba developmental team. sorry a*S front office. you suck lenien and Hollinger. truly suck.
Chris Bates::It's not the front office's fault that guys get injured.  The Grizzlies are messing 2 of their best players in Conley and Gasol and their 6th man in Pondexter. The Grizzlies are very good when they are healthy.  Last year proved that, don't bash the front office who has put together a solid team, just got to get everyone healthy and I'm a Mavs fan but the Grizzlies are a very good team.
Greg Bosgraaf::Chris Bates There are a lot of angry people on this convo board who I am pretty sure don't really follow the team. If you follow the Grizzlies you would clearly see that this is the worse this team has bitten by the injury bug in a long time. Lionel would most likely be in the exact same boat if he were here this year, its just easy for some people to blame something else I guess.
Brad Bowie::Personally, and only because of how stacked the Draft is, the Grizz should shoot for a top 5 lottery pick.. Thats tough for any die hard fan to admit.. But im just being realistic.. Playoffs at this point are a long shot.. Just sit this one out and hopefully add a Parker, Wiggins, Smart or Randle to the mix next yr.. Do that and the Grizz should be set for a long time.. That to me will be worth an injury plagued down yr..
Graham Horobetz::It'd be awesome if we won a game, just saying ....... it's so tough right now, but at least we have hope. With all the injuries we've had, it's understandable to struggle, but with the guys we have, we're still not getting the most out of them. Wonder if we'll make some moves before the trade deadline, Levien did say Z-Bo is not on the chopping block, but hard to take his words seriously.
Landon Pike::And probably tony Allen, his offense is tough and fruStrating to watch
Edward Cain::I am liking the way this team is playing together.all we want is a playoff spot.
Steve Hanna::Can any Grizz fans update me on if Conley is playing. He is on my fantasy team
Joseph Barton::no he is not playing
Mc TopRamen::Hope they don't go 0-16 in the southwestern division
Wild Silverback::This game has upset written all over it... Grizz get the win.
Chris Bates::Ready to eat crow?? Griz were never in the game.
Wild Silverback::Chris Bates ... Nice observation captain obvious.
Chris Bates::Wild Silverback Time for you to eat crow.  BTW nice hat....SMH.
Landon Pike::We should trade prince and miller
John Gray::anyone know if conley is playing>
