Darrell3701::Mike woodson for coach of the year!!!!!!!! got the knicks playing team ball and really good defense i see improvement every game on the D side of the ball, just keep it up until shump and amare get back and the knicks will be the beast of the east!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  GO KNICKS
Knicks Yankees Giants Rangers::Mike Woodson is putting together an impressive defense. His utilization of a 2-3 zone, with Chandler at the anchor, is imposing.
NYYstateofmind70::Wizards are pathetic. But they would still demolish any college team.
RNYC::Knicks are Better than BK. just need Felton to be a little more efficient shooting.
kmoe332::Cool by this logic then the Knicks are way better than the Heat. Ill take it
palsy360::U know that ish is not true
palsy360::If they was better they would have beat them
garnolfini::Felton needs to come off the bench: a 40% fg pct and only a few assists per game won't cut it in the EC.
money2burn45::melo has spent a lot of time on the bench in the 4th quarter because when we win, we win big. melo would easily be leading the league in scoring , if we stop blowing teams out, go knicks
JAG145::David Stern has turned NBA into something no better than Pro Wrestling. Take back the NBA, and sign this petition to investigate him for fraud -- http://wh.gov/5kK1!
JAG145::David Stern has turned NBA into something no better than Pro Wrestling. Take back the NBA, and sign this petition to investigate him for fraud -- http://wh.gov/5kK1!
nyknicks03228::what movie was filmed at halftime of the game?
21DanNYC21::The Dark Knight Rises Again
durantfolife35::NY blew washington out! Stern this isn't what the fans paid for!!! FINE THEM!
desheddinin012::Been using a betting system called sportsbettingstar. Ive made over $3,000 a month each month I follow it. If you search on the internet by searching sports betting system. If you bet on sports at all you gotta see this.
manimarf09::Can't believe Wizards drafted Beal at no. 2, I never thought much of him in college, and now I don't in the NBA either. Dumb move. Having drafted Wall in 2010 they should have gone frontcourt in 2012.
dwighthowardsamazing::Right they should've drafted t-Rob. or waiters or lillard if they were going  with a guard
300poundwizard::where's the fine, stern?!   i paid to watch professional basketball not this crap
RNYC::Melo and the Knicks are doing their thing!
Destruct0id::This was an appalling game by the New York Knicks franchise. As a Knicks supporter I humbly apologize for the horrible score that we see here today, the fact that we didn't win by more then 40 points is a grave insult to the basketball gods.
RZA_CONSOLE::damn kurt thomas started?  grandpa knicks killin the youngsters  san antonio style
johndomenow::ANDRE iguodala MISSED dunk hahaha  then miss again  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYR0H0pjAsU
FSoccer::nice tank job dc
Thomasg2488::Imagine they had John Wall? They'd have 2 WINS!
j_blaze1::Chris Copeland could start for the Wiz...
Is That All You Know::Wizards should get 2 first round picks 1 an 2 this just sad.
waterdrinker969::As long as Grunfeld is GM, I wouldn't be too confident in those picks panning out.
Crooklynism::start Pablo, put Felton on the bench with Stat
djjvelez::ha ha.. yea that was a dumb comment... dude don't ever try to coach or play fantasy basketball!!!!
blueshirts4ever::You'd run this team to the ground.
x_treme_sports::injuries or not leave JR with the second unit
blueshirts4ever::The Nets would have gotten their nuts handed to them by the Knicks if they opened up with us. Now, because we were on a slump, these bandwagon fans think they got us.   Well...I want to see the "nets/Lebron" fans back here by the end of the year.
Fascist Rapper::Knicks dominated and mastered the Wizards  - ESPN
knicks_11::the worst one was jeremy lin mortifies his ex-team. he didnt do $@%! that game lmao
knicks_11::key word solid not mortifying. not putting up 25 and 8 assists like linsanity. he played average.
mykni66as::actually lin played solid that game
Fascist Rapper::lol true ESPN acted like Lin single-handedly destroyed NY ....
CaptainObvious20122012::The Wizards are so bad its really sad.
mykni66as::true dat
The Man Punted Baxter::Just imagine this lineup come playoff time:    Tyson  Carmelo  Shumpert  Kidd  Felton    Amar'e  Novak  Smith Brewer  Prigioni
jdot3mpny::THERE IS NO WEAKNESS
69durango::Rasheed and Camby will be very valuable as well in limited roles.  experience is valuable
BiggBluee::Let's forget about JR smith?
The Man Punted Baxter::Whoops, I'll add him right now!
blueshirts4ever::And they say the Nets are deep.  Who's on the Nets bench again?
blueshirts4ever::He forgot about Smith, but yeah. DEEEEEEPPPP!!!
.NYC IS THE BEST 68::nice win over the Lashington Lizards
BillfromBklyn::Back in 1st place tomorrow where we belong
Homerdoh28::Bill - I will - after coming home drunk and happy from Barclays
nickbrown737::if miami wins tomorrow they wont be in first
BillfromBklyn::Check back 12/2
Homerdoh28::the Nets will beat you again on December 11th in Brooklyn- relying on the fully stocked  rested Heat team to beat a Lopez-less Nets team to get back in first... I guess if you can't do it on the court.you rely on others...hahaha
jmoose76::Didnt the nets lose by 30 to the Heat already??? LOL... Knicks waxed the heat.
djjvelez::Homerdoh28 - the Nets will beat you again on December 11th in Brooklyn- relying on the fully stocked  rested Heat team to beat a Lopez-less Nets team to get back in first... I guess if you can't do it on the court.you rely on others...hahaha  I don't think sooooo!!! Knicks are going to win by 10+ points... 1st of all it was one of their worst shooting games of the year and what was that score? How much did the nets beat the Knicks by? 96-89. They will seek vengeance!!!
BillfromBklyn::Check back on 12/12
Empire State Sports::Good win for the Knicks. Lets make it 12-4 against Phoenix on Sunday
itmustbebobby80::+26 with JR on the floor.
timdonaghy_::brooooooooooooooooooooooklyn brooooooooooooooooooooooooklyn.  anyone else excited to see NYK-BKN again?
adajwiz::Jan Vesely is a certified bust and Bradley isn't all that either.
itmustbebobby80::How much are the Knicks going to be fined for sitting Melo for the whole 4th quarter?
Thetimpanikid16::none....
Robert Griffin The Bird::where are all the haters at!?  why cant they just bash the wizards just for tonight!?
JohnWilkinsonJr::Shame on you Knicks.  You didn't play two of your stars tonight.  That will be a $125,000 fine.  Please pay on your way out.  Hadn't heard about that rule?  I just made it up, for the good of the game.  David Stern
JustinTimeHeHe::Big-ups to the Washington fans who have showed my team some respect earlier on tonight and for putting up with there team regardless of the rankings. Reminds me of us Knicks fans just a few years back, having talent but just not enough of the right pieces to be a threat and it gets better, Cant help but admire true fans. unfortuantely there are more fake ones these days
nickbrown737::and we all look to you to tell us who "real" and "fake" fans are.
Mets-Jets-Knicks19::+/- for the Wizards players is 0 or lower...ouch
ktan88::it was a 21 point blowout so it makes sense
ktan88::Why are the Knicks out rebounded in almost every game?
jmoose76::They dont box out well. Even Chandler is marginal at this elementary basketball skill. Love my Knicks, having a great early season but this stat is the only thing that concerns me moving forward.
Thetimpanikid16::because outside of Chandler, they don't have dominating rebounders. Melo is probably their second best and that's only like 5-7 a game...
The Big Stroonzo::Why  we playing an exhibition squad at this point of the season?
d butler16::And the Wizards jokes are on man its gonna be fun hearin them all season
NY Giants Mets Knicks::Amare def coming off the bench when he comes back
JustinTimeHeHe::I can see the Knicks signing Nene sometime in the future, seriously dont be surprised. He was liking the atmosphere in the Garden. When does Nene become a free agent?
jmoose76::One of the many players the Knicks swung and Missed on. Who did we trade him for again? Coulda drafted Amare' and Artest.   Man the Knicks FO was horrible for so long. Glad to see those bums gone.
JustinTimeHeHe::Good game Wash..Way to go Knicks, But I think you guys Should have probably used the bathroom before coming out to play cause you just crapped all over  WASH-ington who now needs to WASH-themselvesoff. Jk, wow we had some really pretty plays tonight. I can see the Knicks signing Nene sometime in the future, seriously dont be surprised. He was liking the atmosphere in the Garden. When does Nene become a free agent?
ElvisTheKing16877::thank you Knicks.  I have maked 200$ for OVER 102 points.  It's a great and happy night for me.  400$ won.  YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
jmoose76::You maked???   Really?
Thetimpanikid16::Shumpert needs to come back now so this team can get even better... lol
John24886::whens he gettin back anyway? gotta unleash the flat top of the league. shump &gt; amare
Thetimpanikid16::January I think....  I mean if Amar'e comes off the bench. Melo can stay at the 4 and Stat would play with Prigioni who loves the pick and roll. It all makes perfect sense  Felton Shumpert Brewer Melo Chandler  Prigioni/Kidd Kidd/Smith Smith/Novak Amar'e Sheed  not bad huh?
coconutheadtaro::Too bad for John Wall , all that talents go to waste playing for the Wizards.
jballantyne553::they should just go back to Baltimore as the Bullets
coconutheadtaro::If I were john Wall I would not sign an extension with the Wizards.
jballantyne553::true that
John24886::i hear ya, if john wall had played his whole career for a guy like popavich he'd be a top 5 pg, perennial all-star
d butler16::2010 Nets  2011 Cavs 2012 Bobcats 2013 Wizards  Guess its out turn woohoo
jballantyne553::wtf..wtf..wtf..whatever
John24886::i feel like the team doctor hooked j.r. up with some mood stabilizers this year
tafergus15::ONE POINT FROM THE $@%!$@ OVER..... CMON MAN
coconutheadtaro::Do the Wizards  have the same curse as the Lions ?
