antistratfordian.::nvm
tonybones6::i like this pacer team. i guess we're feasting on a weak schedule at this point but george and west are perfect fits.  If granger can find a way to make a shot or two maybe we can upset  one of the power teams in the playoffs
mdh2531::go heat!! http://TheHeatToolbar.MyTeamToolbar.com/
kdogownsu::Pacers 2012!
Mark15911::The Nets have the worst starting 5 in the league. Sundiata Gaines and Shelden Williams shouldn't even be on NBA rosters much less starters.  Awful.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::It's Deron Williams &amp;.....Scrubs. Poor D-Will...shoulda signed that extension with the Jazz
Timmy 71::A top 3 PG is having his career ruined playing on the Nets. Poor Deron, I've loved you since the Illini and you have to waste your prime seasons on the crappiest team ever
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::the first rounder is from golden state but it was included in the trade
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::How funny would it be if the JAZZ could get D-Will back next year!? Trade D-Will for FAVORS, KANTER, Harris 3 Million, Harris, and another 1st rounder and get him back in a year and 20 games. Have Harris be his backup.
Taco with a Q::Pacers need another big man before they look for another PG...but who knows what they will do....they have a lot of $$$
iownamicrowave::Pacers have alot of Cap space, He'd be a nice fit there.  They need a big physical Point guard.
MG122::nets should trade dwill and get as much as we can for him, work on rebuilding around lopez &amp; brooks
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::you traded your future for D-Will and you will lose him before you can rebuild anything. NETS management is the worst ever! They are Utah's biotches!!! LMFAO! HAHAHA Not only did you guys trade everything for D-Will, you also take an aging/injury prone Okur nearly 11 million dollars off the Jazz's books. Thank you New Jersey!
YoungstunnaEday::so who is the nets starting 2 guard or is avery still playing games with the rotation. will it be brooks throughout the rest of the season?
MG122::it should be brooks
Metropolitan8::Man  we are just god-awful!
Rezo201::When Kris Humphries is a huge blow to your team you know you suck. haha
Rezo201::What makes this even worse is the fact that Utah will get the Nets pick, which will most likely be a top 5 pick.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Actually Utah wont get another first rounder from you guys. We got Kanter with the #3 pick from the D-Will trade. Utah will get another first rounder but it is coming from Golden State.
Rezo201::If the Nets don't trade Williams and try to get as much as they can for him before he leaves for nothing they're crazy. His friend/assistant on Twitter tweeted last night "when the time comes, we running away as fast as we can".
DTangMF::DWill still want to stay with the Nets?
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::HAHA NO! Come back to the JAZZ! We have such a strong nucleus of young talent!
iownamicrowave::Another good win for the Pacers. Congrats to the Nets for having so many players with name Williams. ha.
Jthizz69::and if they hadn't traded Terrence Williams to Houston last year, they'd have yet another Williams lol
Jthizz69::Once again, glad to see Paul George making major strides, though I don't care for Indiana much. Pacers look more and more ready to compete in the playoffs every game, and George is well on his way to MIP. As for the people hating on New Jersey, why hate? I can't see any reason to hate a team that's losing, unless you are a Laker fan whining for Howard and you've got pent up aggression towards New Jersey just because they are another suitor. Keep your heads up Jersey fans, I suspect D-Will is struggling to re-adjust to NBA defense. He'll get it together, he's an all-star point guard and one of the best.
Jthizz69::The worst part is, the Lopez injury killed a proposed trade they had with Orlando! NJ was ready to send Lopez and 5 picks to Orlando for Howard, but Orlando wasn't about to trade for an injured big man.
Taco with a Q::As a Pacers fan I saw the fight they tried to put on us tonight...but them losing Lopez hurt them significantly!!  and another big man in Humperies sure didnt help either.
Taco with a Q::If Collison and Hibbert both had 1 more point, and if Hill had 2 more points!   That would mean 8 pacer players would of had double digit scoring!   THIS IS ONE BALANCED TEAM!!!
birdman._.::DWill requested trade yet?
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Nobody will give up ANYTHING to the NETS for D-Will unless they get an extension!
Metta World Hate::You will never get Dwight Howard.  You are a joke.
Metta World Hate::Haha, say goodbye to D-Will.
Esar7::Shelden Williams is starting for the Nets right now? What a pity party
IndianaAllStar007::Game Recap: http://bajasports.wordpress.com/2012/01/02/pacers-bounce-back-behind-solid-shooting-effort/
Darkeagle91::"As usual" espn?   Ouch.  We're only six games into the season.
jchmelka::$@%!
wdoubleu::Also, I want to add that I've been a life long Pacers fan.  Glad to see the team bounce back after that awful Detroit game.  This team looks good and could certainly be dangerous come playoff time.  They are long, athletic and are gaining confidence.  Should surprise some people this season!
wdoubleu::Tyler Hansbrough is the Tim Tebow of the NBA
tonybones6::yea i concur witk zkline.  tebow is a joke and he will never win a playoff game.  QB is a skill position, heart won't get you very far.  Psycho T has a  nice shot and as a 4 his resiliance means more in reference to his position.  Tebow can pray and hustle all he wants, he still can't throw a spiral
zkline00::Tim Tebow has no skills. hansbrough has skills.
KingGeorge53::Tebow has the 2nd worst completion % in the history of QBs.
Gatewood502::Tim Tebow hasn't even played enough games for two seasons, and his completion percentage is 3 points lower than Joe Namath's percentage and he's considered one of the greatest Quarterbacks ever. Not saying Tebow is one of the greatest just saying that it doesn't really matter that much.
nthdawg::I agree, the man always gives it everything he's got.
wdoubleu::That along with all the "experts" giving him no chance whatsoever.  He is a very solid player.
Cody_4_88::If you mean great athlete with tremendous skill and more heart than the other competitors, then I agree :)
daviho03::Cant wait till the pacers actually play someone good and go back to the reality that they're still the pacers
kdogownsu::Pacers r top 3 team in east
zkline00::hating man. I don't think there are any Pacers fans who are misinterpreting our team right now...our shooting percentage needs to go up or we won't be able to compete. we are lucky we've had the easiest schedule thus far, but give the team some time to practice and I think we can make some noise...but i wouldn't call us anywhere near a championship contender.
iownamicrowave::This is reality pal.
Taco with a Q::Someones envious!!  lol
justnhlsmok::We will see Wednesday and Friday night...If the Pacers win those 2 games, look out.
Stevejw23::Not even a Nets fan but I hope yall don't trade Marshon Brooks he plays like a young kobe he's a good one
pacerpride35::Way to bounce back after the pitiful effort New Year's Eve in Detroit.
justnhlsmok::Pacers are probably the most balanced team in the league. Great effort tonight, guys!!! Next up...MIAMI!!!!!
Taco with a Q::Their isn't one.   Id say Denver if they had all those guys back from China...but their isn't another
justnhlsmok::Name one team in the NBA WITHOUT a current all-star(same as the Pacers)  who are as balanced as the Pacers...
Esar7::Indiana is NOT probably the most balanced team in the NBA
Cody_4_88::If they stay healthy and with their depth, Indiana will be a legit contender this year!
jahmarcusRuss::granger can you please take better shots
Cody_4_88::Is there a more complete team in the NBA than the Pacers? There is no "star", they have 5 players that contribute in some way whenever they are on the court...they share the rock and they rebound, and it's refreshing seeing a team like this in the NBA!
Taco with a Q::Granger needs to stop taking stupid contested shots!!!
iamtheBACON::I agree, Granger is not a star - in my opinion, most of the roster is made up of very good players. My hope is that Paul George eventually becomes the star the Pacers need.
pacerpride35::Granger is not a star.
justnhlsmok::Key player and star are a BIG difference...
Cody_4_88::thank you...yes Granger is the man, but he isn't carrying the team and there are no 2 or 3 players carrying this team...
k1ndachubby::What are you talking about? Granger is your star.
nthdawg::And what a game for George!
nthdawg::Nice game, Hansbrough!
justnhlsmok::Dude's motor is non-stop. Prime candidate for 6th Man of the Year award, hands down.
Cody_4_88::where are all the people that didn't think Hansbrough could play in the NBA? LOL...when he gets the minutes and the touches, the guy produces!
Cody_4_88::No he was the go to guy in college atlcaps and if that were the case in the NBA, the results would be the same, 20+ and 10+
Cody_4_88::I know, I'm a huge UNC fan, and no one has ever played with more heart or intensity than that guy and he hasn't changed...the old saying was his heart exceeds his talent and his talent is extreme...that's a dangerous combination!
atlcaps::no one said he couldnt play in the nba! All they said was he would be a 12-8 guy and have a long good nba career. They said he wouldnt be the player in the nba as he was in college, meaning one of the top in his league and they were spot on.
nthdawg::I know man, I saw him play for four years at UNC and I've always loved his hustle and free throw shooting. He plays with all he has.
TheBigHandsome40::Paul George: 5-5 3PFG
PresleyCutchTabata::the Knicks and Heat are losing so all is not lost this evening, lol
PresleyCutchTabata::players on the Nets who should never shoot:  Shelden Williams, Shawne Williams, Anthony Morrow
k1ndachubby::You are stupid. Do you understand what 3PT specialist means?
happyman277::glad to see the pacers bounce back after the loss
PresleyCutchTabata::good game Pacers fans
Hoosierhawk18::You as well. Brooks looks like a steal where you guys got him in the draft
Susan_Mathews174504::Indiana Pacers vs. New Jersey Nets   stumbled on this site to help you breakdown this matchup:   http://bit.ly/vMlaPy
hvadskerder::Yeah that will probably help now idiot
jahmarcusRuss::i'm still debating whether i should fully commit to this team. i cant take any more disappointment. granger step your game up man
Dynomegaman555::Lol the Nets are hilariously bad at this point. I'd actually feel sorry for Howard if he came here. Nothing here to keep this team afloat besides DWill &amp; Lopez  #1
PresleyCutchTabata::Marshon Brooks is the Nets best player, but you are just a troll so you wouldnt know that
tebowsvirginity::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOYsQHjuxWM&amp;feature=related
vagbanger::Im a pacers fan. But the nets have tha best announcers in tha leauge. These guys are great.
vagbanger::They are good, i usually hate listening to announcers when we are on tha road, because they are usually so bias. But they arent they just accept the loss and have fun with it. Couldnt ask for a better pair.
PresleyCutchTabata::thats about the only good thing we have right now besides Marshon Brooks
PresleyCutchTabata::what happened to Humphries? Hibbert is having his way without him in the game
YanksNetsDevils::He has a shoulder injury
PresleyCutchTabata::that sucks
tebowsvirginity::he's out with a broken heart
TheBigHandsome40::and herpes
TheBigHandsome40::Pacers are SOOOO balanced.
tebowsvirginity::I heard their owner is going to suit up at PF next game
santosanthony::farmar trying to foul out  he is done tonight
lilkyrie::Wow nets are pure trash
tebowsvirginity::So when are they going to trade for Dwight Howard?
YanksNetsDevils::Nets are going to go 4-62 this season and break the record for worst team in professional sports history.
santosanthony::make a game of it nets  fans paid good money to watch you play
santosanthony::game over
