iwarner22::Just a random thought- Iverson should comeback as the sixers backup pg he would be a great role model for maalik wayns because they both play a similar up tempo game. Last night Maalik took the ball hard to the cup three times in a row and ended up on the wood all three times. It was very reminiscent of vintage AI. Its worth noting that Wayns was also wearing AI's "the question" shoes, so he must have had AI in mind.
bbbidit::2.1 MILLION FOR THIS GUY ..   they are overpaying him  ..    ship him back to 76ERS
MirBay_Watson::17 points? Shiiiiiiit...for only $2.1 mill, we'll take him back gladly.
CoreyGallagherArt::Only player that did anything for your team last night in very limited minutes... Sixers would gladly accept him back.
Mumu8833::2.1 million is a steal for what Brand gives you.  Physical, smart player who can guard the 4-5 spots extremely well and still get his when need be on the other end.
ganggreengaingreen_oww::you guys have just been spoiled by dirk, hes really a pretty decent vet
clipctb::Mavs would get more out of Mayo if they play him at PG more!
Knut6345::I realy can't understand the Lineup's Carlisle played... specially not starting DoJo. Yes, hes stronger and a better Defender then Collison, but his offense is just to one dimensional. Drive to the basket and lay it up, or dish it out. Look at his Stat Line... 0/5 FG, 3 Assits, 4 TO and a +/- of -11.  Same with Crowder. As much as i like his game, he's clearly better coming off the bech. He's not a starter yet. So why all of the sudden start him for Brand?  Sorry, but this loss was clearly on Carlisle. He's rotating way to much and the time for experience is over! Start the best 5 players and let them build a chemistry. But if you change 2 starter every game, it's no suprise that this team plays so inconsistent.
Awesome Hasaface The Retrial::Knut ,You're not the only one scratching his head on this one
MirBay_Watson::Y'all worried about  Webber's analysis? HA! Here's the truth:  Webber has washed up by the time he got to Philly. He could get 20 and 10 those years he was there, but he was giving up 25 and 12. Plus, he would do inane stuff like shoot the ball with 13 seconds left on the clock from 20 ft with a man in his face in the 4th Q with the Sixers down by one.    So after about a year and a half of that deal, the Philly fans just got tired of his soft play and just ran him out of town. He still never got over it.
gemsterq1967::Using this betting system named sportsbettingstar. ive made over $2500 a month average the past couple months now following this system. If you bet you can find this system on google by searching the words sports betting system.
heat-fan-swag::how the f do the sixers have a better record then the lakers? dam refs
iwarner22::i hate heat fans with a burning passion such bandwagoners. At least Lakers fans have been bandwagoners for a longer time.
Mumu8833::Damn NBA officiating always favoring the young teams with no superstars...
C.Breezy215::Yeah its the refs it has nothing to do with the Lakers getting only 5 points from the bench against the Pacers LOL! In order for the Lakers to win they need each starter to have a great game because they have what has to be the worst bench in the NBA.
killahs_ghost::Yeah, it's the refs fault. Has nothing to do with attitude and coaching. Oh, and age. It's a young mans game. See the Knicks last 6 games.
Ohiostmaster::wow heat is the definition of a bandwagon fan.
RRM40::???
Mayan Peach::Mavs = 7-8 without Dirk     Lakers= 7-8 with Howard, Gasol, and Kobe     Mavs will be ok guys -------------------------------- Are you thinking that when another team struggles it somehow makes the mavs better? it doesn't
jmee1234::That has nothing to do with his point
---LeTs gO mAvS---::Mavs = 7-8 without Dirk    Lakers= 7-8 with Howard, Gasol, and Kobe    Mavs will be ok guys
i love dallas sports and oatmeal my wifes cool too::the offence will settle down and have stability when dirk gets back......i agree they will be ok
lo0o0ong::Brand had 17/8 in 19 minutes.. why didn't he play more?!
Mumu8833::Gotta keep the miles down on the old school chevy
rollintides74::Using this betting system named sportsbettingstar. ive made over $2500 a month average the past couple months now following this system. If you bet you can find this system on google by searching the words sports betting system.
rollintides74::Been using this betting system called sportsbettingstar the past few months. Im making around $3,000 a month profit using this system. You can find this system on google by searching for sports betting systems. If you bet on sports this system will make you money for sure.
fire rick carlise and Troy Murphy go mavs::If we lose tomorrow Troy or Carlisle or going to be fired.. DoJo sucks
i love dallas sports and oatmeal my wifes cool too::What?
Jared34456941::even if Bynum doesn't work out, Philly could still get a star. they would have a large amount of cap space, and with the young talent, especially Jrue Holiday, someone could be enticed to come
Philliesallday::I still would want them to resign Bynum.  I know hes always injured but imo they're only 2 good Centers in the league with Bynum and Howard.  This team can play D, have a great up and coming PG, and has a ton of shooters.  Just need a big man who can score down low and grab rebounds, and Bynum would solve that
LeJclair101210::thedealerkuo...i hate to be the bearer of good news, but unless you have knowledge that even the best doctors in the world do not have, you really can't proclaim anything about his knees. He could end up playing in a month or never again. Us sixers fans are just remaining optimistic that it will be closer to the former rather than the latter....and If Bynum does get healthy watch out because the sixers are going to be tough to beat.
Philliesallday::I still understand all that, but still I would take a shot and resign him.  Centers are just too rare, I feel if you have one you gotta keep him, even if it is a gamble
thedealerkuo::i hate to be the bearer of bad news but unless the cutting edge science/knee treatment in germany works (which bynum already had done this summer) his knees may never be functional.  he may literally never play ball again.    i really wish he was healthy cause he would provide just about everything the sixers currently lack
EvanTurnerRocks21::my boy evan turner is going to have a break out year this year
salemram15::Agreed, his game is really starting to evolve.
Akoiah::No idea what Carlisle was thinking. Jones starting over collison? Crowder starting over Brand and getting more minutes than him? Brand was the mavs best player this game by far but only played 19 minutes? very strange all around.
fire rick carlise and Troy Murphy go mavs::<b></b>
dirkaqs41::carlisle is a genius. roddy b is going to go off tomorrow. mavs had a very good chance to win this game even with dojo starting and other funkdified lineup moves
fire rick carlise and Troy Murphy go mavs::Dirk isnt playing why the coach are not playing wright and roddy?
fire rick carlise and Troy Murphy go mavs::he wont go back to the regular rotation
giangir::Haha what a fool yo are.  Regular rotation involves some guy named DIrk ...
no look high five::fire rick carlisle? are you nuts?
David722249::Cuban, your team stinks.
majuub125::solid win
pogi_mavs::waived murphy move cunningham in d league...
East coaster 4 life::Good win. But any win is good.
ericfriedland10::Webber - two groups of teams. Elite - Heat, Thunder, Spurs. Bad - rest of NBA
SRStark20::I wish the Cavs had Evan Turner. Loved his game when he was at OSU, and I knew he'd be good some day.  Hang on to him, Philly.
ericfriedland10::I can't believe Chris Webber has a job. Screwed Michigan out of a title. Got paid big bucks to suck a s s and play soft. Has zero insight on NBA.tv. Jump off a cliff
just let your soul glow::That's why its best to watch Sixers postgame on comcast.
tripleteamthreat::If Bynum doesn't pan out, the 76ers will have plenty of cap room next year, especially since Elton Brand's salary is still on the books.
just let your soul glow::Elton Brands' salary is already off the books he was amnestied which means the ownership has to pay him but his salary  won't count againt the cap.
Abner7716::we miss you Dirk! Please come back ASAP....
C.Breezy215::Dallas has a solid team and they will be dangerous when Dirk comes back.
MafiosoSpaghetti::dallas will be allright when dirk returns. they will surely make the playoffs
philsphan714::when Chris Webber called Timeout, was Michigan an elite team?
Robbie813 35::good win now were 9-6 without are best player not many other teams can do that when missing a player like bynum
Eaglesaregreen::1...2...3...4...5...Sixers!
manimarf09::Kwame Brown was solid tonight.
C.Breezy215::Hey I work around the Sixers and Kwame stayed on the practice court for an hour after the rest of the team left yesterday afternoon so their you go practice does matter Allen Iverson!
tripleteamthreat::I thought so...the guy will be a solid back-up for the 76ers
knicks_11::$@%!.k dallas and philly
ThunderHornz::Like BKN fekked the Nits?
Sh4k4zulu::bynum will be back come playoffs - we'll see whats left of knicks at end of the season LOL
just let your soul glow::says the internet toughguy
ericfriedland10::Webber was a soft cookie in Philly and he is laughing at Sixers. What a d*ck. Time-out Webber!!!
MirBay_Watson::Webber. HA!
Sh4k4zulu::we havn't had a 20pt 10 rebound player since webber - just cause he was a 27 pt 11 rb guy at 1 point doesn't mean he was washed up player doing 20 pts 10 rebound a game
just let your soul glow::nobody said he was washed up you said he was mistreated which is BS I said that lame didn't wanna be in Philly in the 1st place fu.ck him.
Sh4k4zulu::he got mistreated in philly - dude still had game and iverson was at his peak - management messed up a great opportunity for us in 2005 when he averaged 20pts and 10 rebounds for sixers
just let your soul glow::nobody mistreated Webber he didn't want to be here in the first place
just let your soul glow::Webber is a clown Greg Anthony knows this guy is an idiot.
manimarf09::he's certainly running his mouth now on Gametime. I shut it off!
tripleteamthreat::Kwame earned his $36K tonight!
ericfriedland10::Thad tell Webber to f off
manimarf09::es respecto
3 cheers::Hey 76ers, if u are so good, how come u got throttled by a team that will lose more than 60 games this season and were missing their BEST player lololol
eessbb12::we're missing our best player and we're a young team with a new bench so f off
Sh4k4zulu::we're missing our best player too we went undefeated last season against pacers - what about heat =)
-flyers-::yeah sixers!!!
Sh4k4zulu::this season in 2010-2011 my heat are gonna win 82 games and win NBA FINALS! FACT!  ~3 cheers on his 10th birthday
obamaagainin2012::Memphis says you can keep the OJ and Mayo.
watchDreplay::Breaking news: Bynum tears his acl &amp; mcl playing hopscotch
tripleteamthreat::or getting out of bed
ericfriedland10::Chris Webber...these are both bad teams. What a clown
tripleteamthreat::When Phily gets Bynum in there, this will be a 4th seed EC team!
3 cheers::They will just continue to get lucky, thats all they seem to do
3 cheers::LOL, the ONLY good team the 76ers have beaten are the celtics who are still putting there new pieces together, apart from that they lost to the knicks and Thunder...  Really, the 76ers have only beaten trash.  LOL, the 76ers lost to a Kyrieless cavs team....Away from home , this team is awful
Philliesallday::Really trolling the sixers?  They're a solid team no matter what you say
sixernation1112::mavs suck
Sh4k4zulu::2011 NBA FINALS
sixernation1112::and whos your team dimwit?????
kab747::I see this error "there" instead of "their" so often that...never mind!
sportscrazy45029::yeah because 76ers dont have an entirely new bench too right? dumbazz
ganggreengaingreen_oww::shut up queerfag mccokksucker
manimarf09::Great finish and game, bit sloppy at one point though. So has Dominique Jones won the starting point guard job over Collison?
Hatchkelso808::Philly can't cover in NFL, NBA, MLB, fu. Ck.  the city of Philadelphia.
TGPhilly919::Not our fault you suck at gambling.
gsin1202::guys no need for that here.  Philly didn't cover last night or tonight.  That's the point he's trying to make.
sportscrazy45029::your mom wants you too die
Mumu8833::Was that a question?
Hatchkelso808::Your mom doesn't want me to die trust me?
Hatchkelso808::That's how your moms face going look when I tell her stay home tonight
sportscrazy45029::you made you dont live here, instead in your moms basement in bumblefuck nowhere
ganggreengaingreen_oww:::'( :'(
CGordon82::mavs are the most boring team to watch
joyhussain::This is why we need Dirk, to close out close games
Sh4k4zulu::we havn't had a hall of famer since iverson - you guys are lucky to have dirk
jbrand116::so wack officially hate oj
3 cheers::What about the 3 that was waived off at the end of the 3rd, shot clock malfunction, again the 76ers get lucky
Mumu8833::Commas are not the only form of punctuation.
Sh4k4zulu::2011 finals
Robbieb7713::says the knicks fan, they will choke it down the stretch like always, stay mad
Sh4k4zulu::he's a heat fan
FanofTexas28::Anyway, good game Philly.
watchDreplay::oj mayonnaise
