AtLeastWeDidntTradeForAndrewBynum::Rob Hennigan said in a statement today that Davis has a left shoulder sprain, "no significant structural damage".  Return will depend on progress made during rehab.  Good News!
MatJennifer::For Magic fans: So I work in radiology and I have to say I'm extremely worried about Baby's injury. If you watch the replay there isn't much damage/pressure caused to the proximal humerus/surrounding structures (shoulder), even on the foul you see that his forearm receives the majority (if not all) of the blow. You dont even see a "jerking" or dislodging of his shoulder (which would indicate a dislocation, most of the time), although he does walk off with a dip to his left shoulder, this could be more of compensation than an actual dislocation. Now here is why I'm worried: They can tell (most of the time) by just a regular X-Ray if there was a dislocation to the joint, so they should have been able to diagnose it a few minutes after the game. They have an MRI scheduled today, which makes me concerned that it is a tendon or ligament, of course they could just be looking to see the extent of the injury because of a dislocation, but we should already know if Baby has dislocated his shoulder or not. Be prepared for Baby to be out a long time, if not the whole season.
asdbluecfl::Henni just made a statement about an hour ago saying there is no structual damage, and its just a sprain. He should be back in les than 2 weeks I'd say.
OPENLYUGLY::No need to speculate right now, the word will come down later today.
dwight howards free throw academy::Id also like to point out MatJennifer that Davis is a known embelisher.  I'm saying that from watching him since his boston days and also with some hope that it at worst is just a broken bone that will knock him out 4-6 weeks.
bowers2bengals::This is what happens when you dont hire a real coach or go after real talent in free agency!
Magic are better than you::Wow you are incredibly stupid
dwight howards free throw academy::right because superstars never get hurt.  and a 12-13 team with little talent = bad coaching.  youre an idiot.
Lantngz::how about some of the other surrounding structures like the labrum?
doggbrown1::without jwall in the lineup = boys scout basketball team with jwall in the lineup = below .500 team
flip tide...::PREDICTION: Magic will flirt with .500 right up to the trade deadline then gut the team, converting the showcased players for picks and future considerations.  This will secure the future and further shed any long term contracts as well as position downwards for draft opportunities. A LOT OF TEAMS are currently eying the Magic's farmed players right now. All good quality guys. Also, a playoff appearance is not in the Magic's interest right now.  A pity. I would love to love these guys long term but I dont see them together much longer :(
Gabriel Night::PREDICTION: Lakers* will flirt with .500 right up to the trade deadline then gut the team, converting the showcased players for picks and future considerations.    This will secure the future and further shed any long term contracts as well as position downwards for draft opportunities.  A LOT OF TEAMS are currently eying the Lakers* farmed players right now. All good quality guys. Also, a playoff appearance is not in the Lakers interest right now.    A pity. I would love to love these guys long term but I don't see them together much longer  *Or any number of teams with talent but currently out of playoff contention.
TheCronoMasterMind::There's no way they would get good draft position with teams like Washington out there. Nice try, but I think the Magic are trying to build around the unit they have.
HookemHelwig::Washington has a basketball team?
Mr. Bradford::Blow it up Washington. Fire everybody. This is just terrible to watch. Absolutely nothing to look forward to.  Livingston is trash,  Barron has made 13 baskets ALL SEASON LONG on 92 minutes on the floor, Crawford doesn't even make 40% of his shots,
slawsondawson::Been using a betting system called Sportsbettingstar the past couple of months now. Im making around 2-3K a month average so far. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for sports betting systems. I have tried numbers of systems in the past and nothing compares to how well this system does.
Chris31708::Funny how everyone expected Orlando to become the laughing stock of the NBA this season yet they're no worse than the overhyped Lakers are right now.
LeBronHasNoFullSeasonRing::Magic are better off without Dwight Coward. There's a reason Dwight is on his third coach in not even 1.5 years and will probably have another one next year. No heart; no desire; no discipline. And no rings when his career's over
Lantngz::^no his scoring and rebounding are down fool
mad2bee4::Really, Has he done anything this season to prove them wrong, Last thing he did for Orlando is quit on his team right b4 playoffs  an its been made clear by the guys that are still here that they were glad to see him go. That doesnt say much for you as a player an teammate...
flip tide...::c'mon.  That's plainly RUBBISH.  He had a misdiagnosed back injury (an injury misdiagnosed by the same idiot doctors who gave Grant Hill a clean bill of health leading to that franchise killing signing and also botched Hill's reconstructive surgery?)  Despite playing with Ball Hog Kobe and being 3rd fiddle on offense, he's matching his scoring and has increased his rebounding (Not hard with Kobe Bricklayer,lol)
flip tide...::^ idiots above.
Eric5667::Look at his play this season so far with the Lakers, he has had no desire to play and I am glad the Magic got rid of him.
Screaming_Eagles_101::HAHAHAHAHA! The Magic have a better winning percentage then the Lakers!  Eat it Howard!!!
erikbarnett04::Another Grinding Game for the Magic. This makes 7 out 10 wins, riding a 4 game streak. The Magic have so far proved most of the NBA world to be wrong and not just in how many games Orlando win, but how they will do without Dwight "Someone Love Me Please" Howard.   The Magic currently have a better record than LA, Phili and are one win under Denver, which were the teams involved in the trade, that Everyone cried Orlando as losers. The Magic are in the top 10 in defense overall in the NBA which speaks alot considering the roster... as compared to other teams.  Great Game Magic, Thanks for exposing idiot analysts.
whosyourdiddy51::Once again proves the TEAM is better than an egotistical individual.
whosyourdiddy51::Can the Magic trade JJ to the Twolves? They're looking for a white guy that can shoot. They've got all the other pieces. Derrick Williams in return!
asdbluecfl::NO.
UCF knights 21::No.
trizzo23::that would be a no...keep beasley...i mean dwill ,same thing..scrub
whosyourdiddy51::If he's a foreign black dude maybe.
DTangMF::hahaha....why not a black dude that can shoot and dunk?
Reeves Army::I think he's bashing Kevin Love.
trizzo23::add 3 first rd picks...maybe
whosyourdiddy51::Will add a second rounder. That's the final offer.
Rip City Forever::Is Washington going to set the record for most losses in a season all time?
pinoy_44::No can't judge till Wall comes back
erikbarnett04::Could we expand that out to a 8yr period?
Ogwilliams::jj needs more minutes
DTangMF::who is the Magic's goto guy right now? Affalo?
csmeech::All I know us this team is fun to watch.  They have some surprisingly good talent. Not superstar talent, but some good consistent players.
Virgomused::No guy.... It's a team which is more dangerous.
csmeech::It's weird.  I can't say for sure but I think it may be JJ at the end of games. So many different guys keep stepping up though.
csmeech::I just hope they realize that Turk should no longer be a starter and just use him sparingly off the bench when he's healthy.
jmoneyisback::I agree.  I think they will.  Vaughn has no emotional connection to Turk, so I don't think that will be a problem for Jacque.
jmoneyisback::The way the Magic are playing almost makes me forget all about the all money we owe Gilbert Arenas...almost.
csmeech::I'm a mets fan too. Not been fun
csmeech::Just playing. It was a joke.
Virgomused::Hater! Damn
csmeech::Yeah.  Your $20 nosebleed ticket is so important.
csmeech::I didn't realize you chipped in on his salary.
jmoneyisback::So where does my ticket money go?
cjb1117::any of u guys think the magic go to the playoffs?
csmeech::Even making it there is a huge accomplishment for a team of kids and a new coach.  We'll see though. 2nd half start will be big.  I think the first half will be pretty decent.   I'll reserve judgement as to whether this is for real once I see them start the 2nd half.
cjb1117::knicks*
cjb1117::as much as i hate to say it they (at best) get a 7 seed and probe either play bulls heat or knocks......don't like our matchup :-/
flip tide...::wont be the Bulls,  they will likely be a 6/7 seed themselves
csmeech::2nd half separates the men from the boys. Should be interesting.
UCF knights 21::Possible? Yes. Likely? No.
jmoneyisback::Some good offense from Harkless tonight.
jmoneyisback::If i were to tell you that before the season started, the Magic would have a chance to be at .500 almost a third of the way through the season, you would have me committed.  But, a win against Toronto and the Magic are at .500.  And Dwight Howard is getting a$$ r.a.p.e.d. by Kobe in the Lakers' locker room.
csmeech::Well.  Kobe needs to stop trying to prove  he's the star and be a teammate. Hopefully he keeps his selfish Diva attitude and they keep losing.
csmeech::They already have more wins than ESPN "experts" predicted.
jmoneyisback::Vegas had them O/U 24 wins this year.
Blind Refs::The Magic have a better record than the Lakers, LMAO
csmeech::Curious to see them against the heat. On paper they should get get crushed.  But somehow this team keep surprising teams lately.
OPENLYUGLY::Moore needs more minutes, Nelson less.
7810Michael::i been saying that all the time for this team to go the young guys need to play more
Magic are better than you::Nupe -  JJ – 14.1, 5, 2.3 and a PER of 15.55  Aflalo – 16.0, 2.6, 4.0 and a PER of 13.38  That’s points, assists, and rebounds  I think JJ does more for this team. Plus his D has steadily improved every year
Hasan1625::jj's 6'4
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::He's 6'3 185ls...... Unless you're Monta, there's only so much he can do.
Magic are better than you::agree to disagree I guess...  Maybe Aflalo improves as the season evolves but right now I'll take JJ
MagicBoltzRays::Nicholson = bass
Virgomused::He's got a better feet.
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::Sounds about right.
TecmoTrojan::tenor
cjb1117::i see watcha did there
Magic are better than you::LMAO!
Lantngz::nicholson will get his time to shine while baby is out. we will see if he is a 'star'
phunky58::right on hope that becomes the case
Lantngz::i hope so bro if he improves defensively hes gonna be great
csmeech::Gonna be  fun to see.
phunky58::that could be cleaned up quick,  agreee 100% with the offense
Lantngz::play terrible individual and team d? yup. offensively hes a beast tho
phunky58::u saw what he could do when he got his mins
99 Bottles of Beer::Nicholson is a solid offensive player, but he's not gelling with our defensive scheme yet. Give him time though. Once he develops a sense of defense, he'll play more
phunky58::eases my mind a little, but he by far my fav player on the squad
phunky58::so u think thats why he isnt gettn more mins??
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::Clearly. Coach Vaughn is a defense first coach. Just look at the league rankings for this team.
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::Agreed. He's HORRIBLE with the defensive rotations.
phunky58::nicholson&gt; big baby easily.  sick of this team
Virgomused::Your out of your element, Donny!
OPENLYUGLY::Well, he'll get more time now!
JDAnderson94::Shut the f*ck up, Donny.
Magic are better than you::Why?  Because we keep winning?
Lantngz::give credit to the wiz they fought hard tonite
NatsFanatic80::Im tired of giving credit for trying.  I want wins dammit
OPENLYUGLY::NeNe was hitting everything.
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::There goes the Magic 8th seed. It walked out behind Big Baby.
Virgomused::So what, that would give Nicholson some time. We're in a win win situation here, guys. No one expected up to win 4 games. Let alone in a row.
bronbronsdad::baby will eat another turkey leg and be fine
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::Jameer walked off the court the same way when his shoulder was blown.
OPENLYUGLY::Get more PING PONG BALLS!
99 Bottles of Beer::He'll be fine
JDAnderson94::A win is a win, even if it shouldn't have been difficult and was very costly. I like Vaughn, but he needs to tell Afflalo to pass more often, he takes too many bad shots.
Virgomused::Honestly, I don't think he has the skill...... Create a shot, shoot it.... Easy. Create a shot, check open teammates, shoot it...... More difficult.
99 Bottles of Beer::We don't have anyone else that can drive the ball. He takes a lot of bad shots because he usually doesn't have anyone to kick it out to when he's guarded well
JDAnderson94::The problem is, he tries to create for him self too much. He drives into 2 defenders and gets caught. If he didn't get caught in traffic in the first place, a better shot could be set up.
bronbronsdad::magic 12-13 lakers 12-14   that is all
OPENLYUGLY::EAT THAT DWIGHT! LOL
NatsFanatic80::64 days until baseball season
MagicBoltzRays::270ish days until hockey season.
99 Bottles of Beer::55 until pitchers and catchers report
NatsFanatic80::NIce I added on an extra 10 days by accident
JHCASHION88.6::The magic are the most inexplicably adequate team in the history of the NBA.
99 Bottles of Beer::Yeah Jacque sure is a disgrace...4-game winning streak
phunky58::im sick of nicholson gettn $@%! on on this team, he is better than most of their starters and cant get mins again,.  this is ridiculous
team Reubes::are you watching the games or just looking at stats ?
phunky58::im just angry with the situation, not with what ur saying sorry
phunky58::he had 4 steals and 3 blocks the other nite
phunky58::$@%! that
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::Smooth.
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::He's constantly getting beat on defense.
99 Bottles of Beer::I like having both Afflalo and Redick. You don't drop off at all when one takes a breather. I don't wanna trade either. Just need a star player to build around
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::Too bad you can't afford them both....
phunky58::the star is on the bench,  nicholson he shows it all the time but jacque is oblivious
Magic are better than you::Got to agree with that
OPENLYUGLY::See if they can find a S-CKER and trade Nelson.
Magic are better than you::Damn, I didn't think we would get a 4 game win streak all season.  Well done Magic!!
UCF knights 21::We're going to need Glen.
MagicBoltzRays::Three stars: 1.  Redick 2. Moore 3. Vucevic
team Reubes::I like Goose as well
backoff5736::IS GAME OVER???
0ffense::final.  90-83
OPENLYUGLY::BAD GAME! The Magic should be ashamed of themselves.
csmeech::They won. That's all they needed to do
Squiggyrocks::Why lawl
JHCASHION88.6::So, did JJ actually go with the Rick Flair celebration tonight?
JDAnderson94::Yea, apparently.
TheCronoMasterMind::4 game win streak woo! I do hope Davis is alright though :(
Magic are better than you::GG Wiz
backoff5736::CMON MAGIC COVER PLEASE
phunky58::$@%! jacque.. nicholson has been puttn up big numbers and he won them the game against phoenix now he cant get minutes again?   ur a disgrace jacque get it together
Virgomused::They're on a four game win streak! Are you drews dad? You are always in here complaining about Nicholson.
TecmoTrojan::just start playing wall
Magic are better than you::Nupe -  JJ – 14.1, 5, 2.3 and a PER of 15.55  Aflalo – 16.0, 2.6, 4.0 and a PER of 13.38  That’s points, assists, and rebounds  I think JJ does more for this team. Plus his D has steadily improved every year
99 Bottles of Beer::GG Wizards
ovechkinsgoal::on a side note, i just had a falafel sandwich
