manbearpirg::Thunder aren't allowed to start Harden because they would be more offense than the NBA could handle.
pnut4ou::Here is a trade option for the Thunder for this year a one and done idea to get a perimeter shooter http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=6sc9w74
BlakeMoneyball::When we are having to count pennies to resign Ibaka and/or Harden, what makes you think we'd spend 10mil on one player?  idiot moron
steven_1320::racist skip bayless on tv sayin dwight is overrated. all that loser ever says is total BS. he's just mad he got picked last his whole life
_misterfurious::Alot of people think Dwight Howard is overrated. That has nothing to do with being racist. Skip Bayless gushes over Kevin Durant so what sense does it make to say he's racist?  Now is he a $@%!$@% sometimes? Yes.
tonyssoprano::Bayless sucks..He is from OKC and does nothing but Trash Westbrook and are team. They have the best record in the NBA and that fool  just try's to bring them down..I dont really think he is racist...He is just an idiot ! ! !   And he is the one who says OKC is his home.Nobody in Oklahoma wants to claim him. He has lived and worked in Dallas for 20 + years he is a Texan....I guess that exsplains his Low IQ level....
mikeyp2307::u mad bro?
rpitman2222::Stephen A. Smith and Roy Hibbert also said that in the same 15 seconds... Tell the whole story if you are going to rant.
bsh6478::can somebody explain to me why James Harden is NOT starting for Oklahoma City?! Who is starting instead of him at the 2?
BlakeMoneyball::Our first unit is centered around one - on - one matchups with Kevin and Russell with the rest of the starters playing supporting staff for them,  only getting shots when our rotation actually gets them open (rare).  Harden starting is a waste of his offense, saw it the first game he started.  He sat on the perimeter watching Durant and Russell doing their thing like everyone else.  Harden is successful when he has the ball in his hands getting screens from Collison.
Sonic_Sooner::And when Thabo first got hurt, the Thunder tried starting Harden.  The whole chemistry and rotation patterns were so thrown off that Brooks put DQ Cook in the starting lineup, and it has worked much better.  It just WORKS to have Harden coming off the bench.
Qzhoopin72::Exactly!! Harden is still playing starter's minutes, much like Odom did for LA last year. 30+ minutes is still 30+ minutes....and it's good for OKC to have him in the game when either Westbrook or Durant are resting.
I Know My Facts::They want him off the bench to help when they take out their starters.  He still gets around 30 min a game
BNS224::He is a scorer so coming off the bench he gives them a huge spark. Thabo Sefolosha a very underrated defender starts. Usually w/ Maynor healthy between Harden, Maynor, Collison, and Mohammed the bench isn't that bad. Also in late game situations they insert Harden much like DAL w/ Jason Terry.
RuffRydaz911::No excuse for giving up that kind of lead... and i mean NONE they had it wrapped up give the ball to Dwight run some pick and rolls run the clock down no excuse at all!
Dixie___Normous::I can't believe people still $@%!$ about this team not being in Seattle. It's not coming back. Get over it. Go contribute to your high suicide rate if you can't handle it.
winterfresh98::Or just ignore it.....its usually a bunch of salty fans that got their team whooped by Thunder
THUNDAboi77::man your preaching to the choir on that one.. that ish gets on my damn nerves..its been 4 yrs time to move on...or do like my man posted up here and pull a kurt...
Sonic_Sooner::GET AN ARENA OR GET A LIFE.
steven_1320::i think we've moved on, it's just whole situation was so messed up for us that there's still some anger left in some of us
THUNDAboi77::no their not.. i was disputing this the last time we played portland.. wouldnt believe how many people havent moved on.. im glad you have trust me its refreshing to hear that.. but need to spread that logic with some of the people in that fan base
hawaiianhonky::I didn't even see anywhere where Seattle fans posted anything in regards to OKC stealing the team it's all these new OKC fans bringing it up.  As an old Sonics fan I've been over it since day one and I think most other fans are the same way
AndySportsB::THUNDERup
damn334::Dwight Howard was pissed last night after the magic blow that lead. He is really $@%!$@% closet to just leaving period. Look at the $@%! he said after the game talking about the magic coach van gundy  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZLsl4j6ZSk
bobby30303::Thunder win but can't handle Kobe/Lakers  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmlTrVha3M8  12 fans likes this.
tonyssoprano::12 fans likes this     'That was so cute Laker Boy...Copy and paste your 12 fans likes this.   LMAO.....
tonyssoprano::That has to be the Ga  y  est  looking TROLL pic  I have ever seen...
THUNDAboi77::last time i checked we beat the lakers..
lspat1980::Dream on, kid. They handled them by 15 Points last time they played. THUNDER UP!!  BTW, I recon you are all '12 fans', huh?
Buckyballer5::To all the $@%!$@ Seattle fans, Maybe if you guys would've shown up to watch the Sonics they'd still be in Seattle, but you guys averaged 27th in attendance the last 10 years they were there, quit acting like you guys deserved a team, you didn't show up to watch Gary Payton playoff teams. I've been to at least one Thunder game in OKC every year and its always been a sell out. Went to a game in Seattle in 2007 and thought I was watching an NBDL game it was so quiet.  Sincerely, Shut up already Seattle
Da-THUN-Da::I dont know why they are so mad they have ALL the teams in washington. lol  Mariners, Seahawks, Nationals, Redskins, Wizards
Da-THUN-Da::jk btw
hawaiianhonky::they did show up, key arena only sat 17,000 so even with sellouts every game they wouldn't/couldn't be in the top tier of the league which is why they wanted a new stadium.  they filled that place most every night with the exception of the last year they were there and that's because they were really bad and compared to terrible teams they had more than other comparably poor teams.  you should do a little more research before assuming crazy things
hawaiianhonky::And actually the last year they were there they averaged 15,631 per game....that's 92% of capacity.  The thunder have sold out every home game this year and are 12th in the league in attendance, why is this, becase the peak only seats 18,000.  The fans had nothing to do with Seattle leaving for OKC
jbarnes1621::Typical NBA game though.  One team leads for 3+ quarters and ends up losing because of a big 4th by the other team.  I still do not know why the NBA does not just play an 8 minute game and get rid of the other 40 minutes.......
bers0003::same with football. playing not to lose for 55 min and then decide to start passing (while the other team start to play- not to lose) and they win...
trizzo23::dwight is killing magic team...fans should boo him out of town...thinks he is bigger than the team...says he wants trade but wont agree to trade ....boo him!!!!!!!!!!!
BlindMeZae02::good game durant just get prepared for the finals for lebron and the heat
Okiecane75::First of all, this is a Thunder/Magic post, Laker fans go away, we don't care about Kobe!  Second, the Magic take too many three's.  Good thing Dwight is a great rebounder since all of their other bigs are taking threes on the perimeter.  Not sure the Magic will ever make it far into the playoffs with this style of playing.  You can't count on making three's all game, you will have times where they don't drop, then you let the other team back in the game.
marvin alston::Great rebounder my @ss. Against a scrub team or a team with no true center maybe, he grabbed 9 rebounds in a game where he clearly needed to rebound more and score less and i bet he was smiling that cheap@ss grin through the whole OKC comeback
Da-THUN-Da::Yeah they kinda live and die by it. EVERTHING is based around Dwight. Get the ball to him inside and everyone else gets open threes. Start knocking down threes and dwight gets open inside and worst comes to worst they are bricking threes they have the best rebounder in the game standing under the goal.
JaaStill::KD 38 Points 8 rebounds Russell Westbrook 29 points 10 assists #ThunderStraightBallin
russellroberts75::sprained.....listed day to day.  However that can be 2 months.  The Thunder don't really share whats really going on with the players. Thabo has been day to day for about 2 month.
hawaiianhonky::Anyone hear how bad his ankle is?
cdrum058::Ya right Boy
HEATandBRONCOSandCARDINALS::Memphis coming for OKC in the playoff
hawaiianhonky::the only way memphis is gonna play OKC is if they're the 8 seed cause they are losing first round no matter who they play
cdrum058::Hey look at this about the Thunder. http://cdrumisawesome.webs.com/apps/blog/show/12833722-oklahoma-city-thunder-
cdrum058::nah, more like 4!
erikOKCthunder::They do not have Shane Battier (KD lockdown defender) or Darryl Arthur who was vastly underrated.  We would smoke Memphis in 5.
cdrum058::Yeah I agree with that., He is pretty good. But not as good as Kevin Durant.
Da-THUN-Da::That is true about Battier he did play a big part last year.
cdrum058::Memphis is OK. But the thunder is bettr
Da-THUN-Da::As a thunder fan i actually am a lil worried about memphis esp once they get Randolf back. They gave the Thunder all they wanted last year and now rudy gay is healthy.
z.haughn::What will happen with Dwight.  Check it out here: http://nonstopsports1.blogspot.com/2012/03/should-he-stay-or-should-he-go.html
hawaiianhonky::Holy F word the Magic shoot a lot of 3's....so much for OKC never having won a game in Orlando huh
Liberal Feminist::KD put on yet another MVP performance.  Showing up when his team needed him the most by dropping 18pts in the 4th.  Is it me or is Durant making this a regular thing.  He is quickly becoming one of the best 4th quarter players in the NBA.
bobby30303::Thunder win but can't handle Kobe/Lakers http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmlTrVha3M8
aikens97::imma lkaers fan but bobby30303 is stupid
rds731::Already did and most likely will again.
philliesworldserieschamps::Yeah like 3 years ago. OKC is the best team in the west. How much longer until you laker fans become clippers fans?
soldier00013::the lakers suck, get over it already
ctrivax2345::$250 Fantasy Basketball Free Roll Tonight - Sign Up For Free Now http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=fb
soldier00013::OKC looking good. Should be a good finals between them and the Heat.
pnut4ou::little early to already declare anyone in the finals.  Yes, these two are the 2 best teams playing at this moment.  Durant and lebron could get a season ending injury and all hell well break lose!!!  Let's Go Thunder
dajones34::vimeo.com/djrocstarr
prezh601::the orlando magic and sacramento kings will be making a trade...Dwight howard,, Jameer nelson.. and quinten richardson and jason richardson for Demarcus cousinss.Jimmy ferdette.fransico  garcia  and jason thompson.. Thats the best  trade that orlando will get..!!
8SportMan::OKC still just a run n gun jump shooting team.  that cant win a ship and history has kinda proven that.
bomland31::History kinda proved they can make it to the Western Conference Finals.  Get outta here with that stuff man.
noname420::And it was defense that won it in the 4th.
Liberal Feminist::As of right now.... Yes they're a "run-n-gun" team, but as soon as Sef gets back I think this team will be a little more defensive oriented.  The scary thing is that I don't think the Thunder have "peaked" yet.
300poundwizard::Yay, Go Sonics!!
berr3555::300poundwizard sounds like a extreme overweight 40 year old guy in her mom's basement playing with his wand.
tulsarunner::Thanks. Thunder fans love the support of (use to have a team but couldn't support it) Seattle fans.
Sixers1234567::LeBron failed miserbly in the playoffs 3 years in a row. 2009 vs Orlando. 2010 vs Boson and 2011 in the NBA finals. And ALL 3 of those series his team was heavily favored to win. Thats what makes it even worse. LeBron crumbles when it matters most and that has been proven time and time again. LeBron is only good in the regular season and maybe in the 1st round against an easy 8 seed. Kobe and Durant are both better than LeBron because they have the clutch gene and LeBron doesn't. simple as that
alex89014::How many times has "clutch" durant carried his teams to the finals? 0
bomland31::Durant's team lost like 50 games just a few years ago.  They have been on a huge progression each yr since.  It's not like the King started out in the finals his rookie year.
atlkee1787::He has Westbrook, Harden, and Ibaka. Don't act like his team sucks. Who did LeBron have in 09 and 10????? Exactly..............
Roy-Williams::how many times has durant had dwade and chris bosh on his team
soldier00013::lebron actually played very well against the celtics and bulls so there goes your theory. good post though.
droppinknowledge69::What's crackin?  Thunder vs Heat final.  Who wins?
Sixers1234567::Probably Miami. They are by far the deepest team in the league and would be the favorites. Anthything less than a ring this year would be considered an epic failure. Remember LeBron guarented like what 7 rings?
Sixers1234567::Not really, just the truth. What part did you disagree with?  And you diddn't ask about those other teams, just the Thunder VS Heat Finals matchup.  I said Miami would be favorites and if they diddn't win it would be considered an epic failure with their expectations. The Heat will be the favorites in every series they play in during the playoffs including the NBA finals (assuming they make it there). And if they come up anything short of winning a championship it will be considered an epic failure. Not hating thats just reality.
droppinknowledge69::Aight I'm bored. I win. Peashhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...
droppinknowledge69::Well that's a pretty stringy "essessment" huh?  Maybe give the other teams like the Thunder some credit.  Or the Bulls.  Or the Spurs.  Or the Clippers.  Or the Lakers. Or the Mavericks.  Not the Sixers...they kinda suck.  But there are other tough teams.  Winning championships are easy just because saying "zero rings" is catchy.  I see the Heat winning...but I can think of plenty of teams and players that would like to have the kind of "failures".
Sixers1234567::Yes he said he would win 7 rings or so but I dont remember. The point is so far he is 0-1 and another loss this year would be considered an epic failure with the expectations on that team. Thats my essessment of that Finals matchup you asked about. Miami will be the favorites with every team they play for the rest of the season... And I dont care about your friends or role models...
droppinknowledge69::I think Heats defense puts them above and beyond the other teams.  The pressure with Wade, Lebron, Chalmers, and Battier.  And their defensive chemistry is ridiculous.  Add to that the fact they are the best fast break team since the 80's lakers team.  That type of defense and that type of defense is a pretty potent combo.  And clearly they have half court explosion.  Thunder most certainly have a chance.  They are clearly explosive.  But over a 7 game series?  I don't see it.
droppinknowledge69::Was it a guarantee?  Who cares.  He wants to win.  I don't really care about personality stuff..I'm a basketball fan...I appreciate basketball players.  I got friends...I don't need athletes to be role models.
SeahawkFanWOOHAA::OKC is #1. Number one at scheming, lying, and cheating. Long live the SONICS 1967-2008!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You will never be champions OKC, NEVER!
endercpl::And..... its  a seahawk fan, logic goes out the window
bomland31::Neither were the sonics.
The Honey Badger::ugh, stop whining please seattle fans. you're just making yourself look more and more pathetic.
tulsarunner::Is that crying at the end of his post name ? Seahawkfan waaaaaaaaaaahhhh! just go support the Trailblazers nothing wrong with being 9th in the west.
okstCOWBOYS vs ALIENS::jealousy
SoonersTheDestroyers::Your such a whining poor sport!
outhunder21::Thunder Envy
outhunder21::Cutting edge wit.........  Has your mommy actually let you go to a Football Game with your limited mental capacity......
SeahawkFanWOOHAA::@oustthunder666. "I could do this all day you're moves are just gay"
8SportMan::i hate that add lol
outhunder21::RIP
The Ref That Makes Your Team Lose::Lol What??
bmaccorm::i know.   to you, SIXERS1234567:  can you imagine if the sixers left philly? i know you can't, but that makes you the same as every sonics fan in 2008.  2016 SAN DIEGO Sixers. how would you feel? $@%!$@, I know. kind of $@%!$@ that would make you post something like this. have some empathy.
Sixers1234567::Nobody knows
BNS224::Durant to Westbrook: "Ur good kid, real good, but as long as I am around u'll always be 2nd best, ya see."
outhunder21::It is incredible how trolls or whatever they consider themselves project their own character flaw into posts.  I could give you a hundred examples of Durant's character, but unfortunately most ot these idiots simply would not understand regardless of the evidence to the contrary.
SeahawkFanWOOHAA::Trade Durant to the Bulls for Deng, Boozer and Korver.
Goku Muffin Button::yes do it .....DO IT NAO!!!
bmaccorm::hahahahaha. trade durant to the blazers for oden is more likely
okstCOWBOYS vs ALIENS::shut your mouth
AndySportsB::KD would never say that too humble
8SportMan::dude better learn a post game cuz he isnt as good a scorer as Kobe was in his prime.  Kobe could beat you from anywhere not just by shooting jumpers. same with melo too.
supe540::With 29 points and 10 assists Russ was the man, at least tonight.
BNS224::Oh I know, KD reminds me of other humble greats like Nash and Duncan. I just say it to rile up the ppl who literally think Westbrook is more valuable than Durant. Westbrook reminds me of Rose, Wade, Ellis, and is replaceable. Durant is irreplaceable and the best pure scorer since Jordan and Kareem. He makes it look so easy.
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::So we are meant to be in the most dominated era of point guards, and you cannot get even a d-league  point guard to pair with the best center in the league way to go Magic
BNS224::EZ SVG aka Wario, "Ima gonna win" At least it was close.
Sixers1234567::Brook Lopez had a monster game in just his 3rd game back from injury. 38 pts on the road in Dallas on 60.7% shooting. With that being said, we all know Dwight will be traded to the Nets because that is the only team he is willing to re-sign with. The deal will end up being Brook Lopez, Kris Humpries, MarShon Brooks, Mehmet Okur, and a 1st round pick for Dwight Howard
Sixers1234567::You make no sense. I agree NJ isn't making the playoffs either way this season but they would obviously do this trade to keep D-Will from leaving... They are trying to rebuild their team and starting with 2 super-stars is not a bad way to begin.  As for Orlando, NJ's 1st round pick will still be a lottery pick even if they start actually winning games because they will likely miss the playoffs this season even if they get Dwight. But NJ isnt tryng to win a ring THIS year. They are just tying to get Dwight so D-Will wont leave
JosePabloMontoyas_Car::yeah winning a "few" games...not making the playoffs nor getting close in the coming years since whoever does go will have to take a major pay cut and even then to get bounced out of the playoffs by Miami. Nice try homer
Sixers1234567::Make up your mind. You say the Nets would be garbage if they did that then you say they would actually start winning games.
JosePabloMontoyas_Car::lol keep dreaming...Nets are going to be garbage if they did that. Even with Dwill. and that 1st round pick will be lower since they'd probably start actually winning games...
bmaccorm::that hole will be their savior. nothing like a nice draft pick to add to dwight and williams
Sixers1234567::lol your a moron if you think the Nets would be garbage with D-Will and Dwight Howard. Yes obviously this year they dug themselves a hole too deep already that they can't climb out but that doesn't mean they shouldn't trade for Dwight. Get some sense
DaBostonStrangler3::Got to love the Magic blowing all these games
BigPage25::And this is why i love the OkC down 14 at 1 point they didn't give up  or put their heads down they continued to compete and because of that they got the W
CUOU11::someone doesn't have an NBA franchise, a decent pro franchise, or a good state college.... Have fun watching the mariners this june.....
SeahawkFanWOOHAA::And you are a Mormon, go bang your cousin you inbred $@%.
SeahawkFanWOOHAA::Westbrick stinks like a pile of crap, he's only going to have a good 3-5 year career. After his athletic ability dissipates when he blows out his knee because he's so reckless with his body on the court, he'll be worthless. He has zero true point guard skills that's why he's number zero and he'll most likely end up like Agent Zero aka Gilbert Arenes, jobless. Westbrick lacks leadership, is an idiotic time manager, horrible decision maker, and greedy as f*** with the ball because of his selfishness and inability to differ to the third best player in the league, Durant. I say TRADE Westbrook for a 15 and 10 post-up big man and a top 10 point guard while keeping Durant and Harden and maybe you'll see a championship calibre team in OKC.
outhunder21::SeahawkFan step away from the bong......
Sixers1234567::Westbrook kind of remends me of Steve Francis. Both 6'3 athletic pg's who are great dunkers but not true PG's.
MPerce4::Ha. Ha ha. You're funny.
BigPage25::you my friend are a moron
THA TRUTH 365::LEBRON 38 PTS, 11 REB, 6 AST, 5 STLS, 1 BLK, 13 - 22 FG, NO TURNOVERS, WAY &gt; KEVIN  ( NO -D ) URANT!
gnew99::should have??
MPerce4::Why are we talking about Lebron in here? What on earth did he have to do with that game? Oh yeah, I forgot. Lebron is 2012's "Troll Topic of the Year." Carry on.
THA TRUTH 365::NO JEREMY LIN IS.
formaggio jones::Lebron 4 qtr in playoffs = chokes
THA TRUTH 365::LEBRON TOOK A SORRY TEAM LIKE THE CAVALIERS TO THE PLAYOFFS, 1ST YEAR WITH THE HEAT IN THE CHAMPIONSHIP, SHOULD HAVE WON 4 -1. PRETTY GOOD TO ME.
formaggio jones::OKC will need to trade for a sharp shooter before the deadline....a guy on his last year of contract that will put them over the hump
t_rawswag35::its gunna be fun to watch westbrook and durant the next 5 years go thunder!
sega222222::Right now Durantula owns Orlando more than Dwight Howard!
GoGreen4d13::BREAKING NEWS: LeBron is having a 3rd kid. He is very happy. Only downside is Wade will have to sit 9 months and likely miss the playoffs
wiqdgato::Obvious news: your humor smells like dog poopie.
GoGreen4d13::Danica Patrick is better in the clutch that LeBron  get it?
Norvin1980::Whack!
AndrewOKC::Charles Barkley = Thunder Hater
PadresChargersClippers::Werrlll terruuble OKC durant lEEbron LIke LSoing weight watchesr
formaggio jones::Durant/westbrook over lebron/wade
GoGreen4d13::All day
t_rawswag35::errrrrrryy day
MPerce4::That last shot by Durant was ridiculous.  Thunder almost always seem to come out on top in these close games.
MPerce4::Uh, I'm a Thunder fan. I'm thrilled they won. I'm just saying his last shot was ridiculous. We all know it was.  But the All-Stars make those ridiculous shots go in.
sega222222::Can only help this young young team down the stretch knowing they have the experience and not coming unglued down the stretch. They are so young so tend to get overly excited with a lead, but when down always seem to come back. THUNDER UP!
GoGreen4d13::Um, they won You hatin cause your guy can't hit a barn
t_rawswag35::because good teams know how to win
T8ke_A_Picture::GoGreen don't ever compare Durant to Kobe,  Durant doesn't have the luxury to be giving championship rings playing with the most dominant centers of all time Shaq.
Go Laker Nation::3-4 team trade  Lakers ship Gasol &amp; Bynum and pull Howard, Turk, and a nice Pg in return
T8ke_A_Picture::First of all the Lakers have no cap room, they would need to get rid of Kobe. Trade or release Kobe for Howard and go get Rondo. And maybe just maybe the Lakers can compete again.
GoGreen4d13::No, giving up Bynum and Howard would clear cap ????
GoGreen4d13::What should I do? Should I admit a kid with a  backpack is better in the clutch than me? Should I admit he's a better scorer than me? What should I do? Should I admit that Kobe is 2nd to MJ, and I'll never be. MJ himself said it. What should I do? Should I realize that saying it took MJ 7 years to get a ring was stupid, cause I don't have one after 9 years? What should I do? Should I admit that the Thunder will beat us if we get past the Bulls and Knicks? What should I do? Should I admit it was a mistake to call a kid with a highschool education KING from day 1? What should I do? Should I make my wife apologize to Kobe in person for breaking his nose? What should I do? Should I just disappear?
5DAWG51::OKC is good but not this good, the NBA has an interest in certain teams winning, Miami, OKC, Chicago, New York, New Jersey. and they have an interest in the upcoming stars winning early in Their careers. and Veterans winning late in their careers as well. Look at STeve Nash and watch him end up on a team going deep in the playoffs,  If your still not convinced  just look at hte Miami 2006 roster.. all the old guard went to south beach to win one for the old scholl fellas like Gp/ steve smith, Zo, ect.... Boston Pulled the same Bshinit  a few years back with KG, ray allen....The League is fixed and any real NBA fan kno's this is true..
Buckyballer5::Why would the NBA want OKC to win? OKC is a small market, go take the tin foil hat off buddy
5DAWG51::what was the lockout all about?  all you Brainiacks! small market sustainablity, thats why OKC is the poster Child for teams who decide to packup and Move   Lebron was supposed to be the Savior of the League and the Savior of the small market Home grown program the League has been running for years with it's fake draft.  Lebron was supposed to stay in Cleveland and win, even with Shaq!  He screwed that up and that will always follow him, If he had one in Cleveland with those guys he played with He would own the NBA.  Now Durant is the small market poster child, and Kevin Love respectfully.
be_kool16::crack
MPerce4::Yeah, I think conspiracy theories are fun, too.
sega222222::Dude that light above you.....................is a camera.................you're being watched.  NNNNNNOOOOO don't touch it. SSShhhhhh!
BlakeMoneyball::New Jersey is 11-25.  Interesting how you think teh NBA has an invested interest in them winning.
5DAWG51::Just watch, they got new stadium they got Billionaire ownership, and they got several Pieces, they move lopez and a few otheres they keep Dwilliams and get dwight, Veteran Players will  be lining up to rock the house JZ built.  This is the Problem KG and Ray Allen started!  All the big guns going to the eastern Conf , ther can only be 1 conf champ east and west, lequitter and DWade , Amare and Anthony, Dwight and Dwill, Philliy's in the mix, but these teams will be beating themselves up for years to come  Only thing to really think about is can the lakers get Steve Nash for next to nothing or package with another team to get this 2time NBA MVP a shot at a ring
BlakeMoneyball::Wrong.  How about the Lakers getting Carl Malone and Gary Payton?  No championship ring there....
5DAWG51::Kobe's Rape case and the Shaq fallout killed that and Karl Malone got hurt in 1st round the league was not trying to Front page and headline Kobes face and the that prositution case everyday on the sports page, karl Malone was trying to spit gmae to Kobe's wife (at the time) Shaq was outta shape Ft% was horrible and he wanted more money.  Shaq leaves 2 more titles for Kobe and None for Shaq
sega222222::What do you think about this trade?  http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=82ezgua
T8ke_A_Picture::No one would trade for Carmelo.
GoGreen4d13::Dwight and Anderson would be better 3.5/5
GoGreen4d13::What should I do? Should I admit a kid with a  backpack is better in the clutch than me? Should I admit he's a better scorer than me? What should I do? Should I admit that Kobe is 2nd to MJ, and I'll never be. MJ himself said it. What should I do? Should I realize that saying it took MJ 7 years to get a ring was stupid, cause I don't have one after 9 years? What should I do? Should I admit that the Thunder will beat us if we get past the Bulls and Knicks? What should I do? Should I admit it was a mistake to call a kid with a highschool education KING from day 1? What should I do? Should I make my wife apologize to Kobe in person for breaking his nose? What should I do? Should I just disappear?
