Brice162::Can't believe ATL only had 5 points in the 2nd.  Bulls have that tough D... Like how Boozer's been steppin it up this year.... Let's finally do something in the playoffs and go deep.
kragtdogg23::Lol the Hawks really do suck.
LilVdog88::I Get Buckets!   - No ATL hawk player
Meehanski::this kind of performance is what distinguishes the pro game from college. the pros, from time to time, literally take a night off...even on a night when they're supposed be playing an actual game.
Rook_217::And the college schedule is only a fraction of the pro schedule...that is one of the biggest issues for pro rookies, getting used to the vigors of the pro schedule...dudes are just plain drained, don't matter how much your getting paid.  Why kill yourself tryin to win all 82 games when all you really have to do is win enough to get to the post season???  No comparison.
DatGuy8921::This.  And not only that, the games are much longer as well.
bigapplemortgage::I can't argue that some players in the NBA dog it and that is unacceptable, but give me a break.  College basketball is garbage other than the tournament.  Guys have weak skills and bottom line is in anything I'd always prefer to watch professionals at the top of their game as opposed to amateurs.
imagine606::I find most college crowds to just be obnoxious. There's cheering, and there's obnoxious, college crowds are obnoxious much more than NBA crowds.
DatGuy8921::Kids play hard because they want to make it into the NBA.  And NBA crowds can get riled up too.  And losses hurt regardless of league.
Broncos07yeaaa::College crowds/atmosphere is better, kids play hard every night because a loss will actually hurt you unlike the NBA
HoldOnMyHeart::Ive been following this online betting system called SportsBettingStar a few months ago.  Since I started playing this system, Ive doubled my earnings in just 60 days.
phhoffman::" I score more off the court than Hawks do on the court"  -Kobe
mbatkiew::If Boozer played like this every night -- he'd actually be earning his contract. And then what would we Bulls fans complain about?
Rook_217::I agree.  And everyone that wants him gone, where and with whom do you plan on making up those points/ rebounds?  He's playing inspired ball right now.  The Bulls are a Defensive team, they are more in need of scoring than a defender. Get on the Booz cruise y'all!
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::Too little too late for him.  Amnesty his $@%!
DatGuy8921::Boozer is actually the least of our concerns for this Bulls team.
dabulls2012::The Bulls will NOT amnesty Boozer...ever! Reinsdorf will NOT pay a guy that much money not to play...just ain't gonna happen...and guess what...if they ever did amnesty Boozer, they'd have to bring someone else in and pay him too...not gonna happen!
Jaywashing::Don't be so shortsighted. What if the Bulls, with Rose in tow, tear through to the ECF and scare the hell out of the Heat while Boozer averages something like 17 and 10 with a few clutch performances?   The man's putting in effort right now and doing big things for a team that has needed it. Assess him objectively and logically, at least.
nodonovan1377::I feel that the best kept secret in the NBA is that the Bulls still got Charlotte's draft pick from the Tyrus Thomas trade.  Every year the Bobcats suck I get more excited about this.....  Bulls receives: 2012 - first-round pick (lottery-protected), if not then 2013 - first-round pick (top-12 protected), if not then 2014 - first-round pick (top-10 protected), if not then 2015 - first round pick (top-8 protected), if not then 2016 - first round pick (unprotected)
Rose MVP CHI::hopefully a top 3 pick in 2016
nodonovan1377::Well I know there is no love lost w/him and Krause.
nodonovan1377::Hey can't help it......even if it's just subconsciously he knows he will always be a Bull.
SHATLANTA...land of the iliterate::yeah but didn't he try to buy into the franchise and was stonewalled by the Jerrys?
SHATLANTA...land of the iliterate::great point. and yet another blunder by MJ...because I'm sure he wasn't trying to help the Bulls.
statesman2011::This is how you build a team. holding down the fort nicely until D.Rose returns.
SHATLANTA...land of the iliterate::Richard Sherman?
EDubb773::When you're 10-10 at home, losing to Charlotte, Milwaukee (twice), and Phoenix, you should get yelled at. Way to go Thibs!
Rook_217::Yes, unacceptable!  But then you must commend the best road record...(which makes those home losses even more questionable??!!)
bearscubsbulls26::that is terrible
nodonovan1377::Lots of people were ready to write off the Bulls w/D. Rose out.  Chicago will be there with Miami, Boston and the Knicks fighting it out to come out of the east.  This is more than a one man team.
MCR144::Go hawks and take the braves with ya.
Rose MVP CHI::Hope we can get the 50 wins
bearscubsbulls26::Meh, 50 doesn't matter, having DRose and the team gel at the right time is more important. I'm not scared of any team in the Eastern Conference.
SHATLANTA...land of the iliterate::won't matter. Bulls aren't built for the playoffs.
SHATLANTA...land of the iliterate::keep telling yourself that...when the Bulls have trouble scoring in the half court set - "I TOLD YA SO..."
nodonovan1377::The Bulls play defense and aren't a fast breaking team.  They are built for the playoffs.
SHATLANTA...land of the iliterate::I almost outscored the Hawks in the 2nd period by myself...and i didn't even play...
ThinYellowLine::I'd like to see Wilt come back and drop a hundred on somebody.
imagine606::He wouldn't have a chance of doing that today.
SHATLANTA...land of the iliterate::"we're still second in our division. money well spent." - 1 half of Hawks ownership  "we sold 10 more hot dogs than last home game. ch-ching!" - the other half of ownership
Plz Dont ban me420::Yawn- Half the people here after reading this comment  Wow, this guy may have a mental problem- The other half of the people here after reading this comment.
SHATLANTA...land of the iliterate::Yawn - half the fans at an Atlanta home game  Go Knicks!!! - other half.  Face it. Atlanta is one of the worst sports towns to have multiple franchises. FACT.
SHATLANTA...land of the iliterate::HAHAAHAHAHAAAAA!!! the funny part is that the Hawks record is comparable to the Bulls - which is just more proof that the Eastern Conference is GARBAGE.
BadgersPackersBrewersBucksWarhawks::only one guy with double digit scoring and just barely. wow
braveandme::U know it was a bad game when Mike Scott was r top performer......this is embarrassing
imagine606::He was a good pitcher back in the day.
Jarhead907::tayrook your an idiot
Tayrook::Scott needs to get more minutes on this team.  Better overall player than Josh Smith.
SjGMEN77::Hawks just got flat-out decimated. That was terrible basketball.  I hope the Falcons get the same treatment.
arplato::Who are the NY Giants playing this weekend? Oh wait, that's right...
Plz Dont ban me420::LOL @ Chuck Swirsky's tweet on the right pretending to be down with MLK.
jdelanoi::Which Teague got a technical?
imagine606::Yeah, it was Jeff.
FoxKat93::Jeff most likely.
synister281::The Bulls defense was good, but the Hawks just couldn't BUY a bucket.
imagine606::Yeah, as great as the Bulls defense was in that game (reminded me of the '98 finals when they held Utah to something like 54), you don't get a night like that without there being something on both sides. Still, I think even what came from the Hawks side on that had to do with what the Bulls had done already on defense.
tyhb88::5 points in a quarter, wow
crumandforster::20 points at halftime...what is this high school?
Wolfster007::5 points in the entire 2nd quarter??
xcwarrior::I think we can all agree the parody in the NBA right now has never been better...
mbatkiew::I think we can all agree, you have no idea what the word "parody" means and, if you do, you can't apply it correctly.
BoagsBeer::Don't be an a hole but yeah the word he was looking for was parity.
teamfive::Hawks are trying to make it to the All-star break and be hanging around the 6th or 7th seed and then they will go shopping for a player or two to get them over the hump. The Atlanta Hawks are headed in the right direction it is a long season.
FranklinStrut::Very funny comment.
theatrevenant::"The disturbing thing is the effort part. I shouldn't have to come out and coach effort every single night. Effort is what you're being paid, to bring effort every single night."  Well said, Larry Drew. Listen up, all you millionaire "pro" athletes. That goes for football, basketball, hockey ... every team sport.
theatrevenant::Yeah, that's also directed at you, Memphis.
EL_ABALLARDE::Trade Josh and fire Drew
nba is the worst::Hawks are done.  Josh Smith is ridiculously overrated, and Drew is clueless.
max1105::D ROSE IS SUCH A BEAST
YanKs_KnicKs_JeTs::Thibs is amazing  Hasn't had his best player all yr n the Bulls are still playing well  Another COY might be on its way
max1105::know right but i want d rose back
Knicks Fan Since the other Week::Taj Gibson should go to the Dunk contest...Sick Slam + he got fouled too.
trombonebiker69::WooHoo!  Go Bulls!
Crooklynism::look for teams to tank games in late March just to avoid playing the Bulls in the first round, I wwould
Leapin Lillards::<b>Lol wtf? Talk about a defensive lockdown. Atlanta is trash.</b>
Rose MVP CHI::We need to snag the No. 3 seed to beat Miami in the CF
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::Lets go get it..;) BULLS baby
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::Back up to the 5 Spot!!! LOVE IT!!! A couple games out of the 2-3, lets stay CONSISTENT and continue WINNING! BULLS BABY!!
Tunde7575::The bulls are NOT a championship TEAM.
imagine606::Your reply doesn't make sense in context.
Edawg7115::This game is a perfect example of why you should not wager any  money  on an NBA game.  Aweful unskill quitters who cannot even survive 4 years of college .  Why am I even wasting mt time ?
Rodgers12isKing::I no expert on the NBA, but I'm pretty sure I shouldn't be able to count the number of points an NBA team scored in a quarter on one hand.
sports guy12::5 points in a quarter? you can just jack up a three every possession, odds are at least 2 would go in
vap88::sports12- Sad, but true
Crooklynism::Remember when the Bulls held the Jazz to 54 pts in game 3 of the 98 finals? lol, top 5 happiest memory of my childhood
not87r99w::WOW! I just got back to check the scores and I see this!  And to think that I almost bet $100 on the Hawks tonight.  THANK YOU JESUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
theatrevenant::Jesus says you're stupid for betting at all.
Cappiethedog::I remember playing basketball at the park and my friend telling me that the Kings only scored 4 points in a quarter. 5 should be a record, but it's not.
KobeRoleModel::HAHA! @ 58 total points... fail of the season next to the Lakers.
J. Voorhees::LOL HAWKS GOT RAPED!
Neil826::the only worse performance this year is notre dame vs alabama.
bears3409::Durrant and Westbrook combined 4 77 pts tonight b
sworthin117::i thought the blazers 7 point quarter was bad last season...until this
