el_dude00::24 Hours ago this exchange happened:   "You really think the worst team in the west is gonna go into the toughest place to play in the NBA and beat the best team in the leauge???? Not happining. Spurs win." -8486Chase    "Yes. Gordon can go off and Grevis is solid. I'm not saying they'll win, I'm saying they'll play them tough. They are well coached." - Me  Moral: Great win for our Spurs, but always respect your opponent.
Hondo Kid::Spurs are blessed to have tony parker.  13 assists only one turnover.  And 20 plus pts.  Tough game in dallas tomorrow without duncan or kahwi.  Go spurs
hookemzuniga1022::Tiago, Montego baby why dont we go!!!   Tiago Splitter, 10-11 for 25 points 7 boards and only 1 TO ... Coming around nicely MR splitter
el_dude00::hookemzuniga1022 - Tiago, Montego baby why dont we go!!!   Yes!!!!!! HA!
pimpn5707::And,on the All Star note,Duncan &amp; Parker should be on there,too. Amazes me that Howard gets in,and his numbers STINK!!! SMH!
BreakfastOfChampions1984::Started using this bet system called SportsBettingStar.  In my first month of using this system, Ive made almost 3K in pure profits.  If you like betting on sports, then I highly recommend this system.
rynospurs21::Great night. Spurs win short handed, OKC goes down, and the Fakers lose again. Fakers are the biggest joke in sports this year.
el_dude00::"Have you idiots realized that the Lakers are only 4 games behind for the 8th spot right? Houston and Portland are struggling royally right now...."- slam_dunk_on_u (aka Ricky, aka Gull-Wings, aka Balding Idiot)   a) Lotta cash for a "chance" at the 8th spot. b) d-12 is hurt....again c) If Houston &amp; Portland are struggling "royally" what are the Lakers doing? d)Lakers can't win on the road.   e) You mop floors for a living
hookemzuniga1022::f) as in the only person he can ever F is Lennay Kukua
hookemzuniga1022::slam_dunk_on_u - Manti Teo Called for you, He wants his Woman back
Ivanov21::Gotta give it up for Patty Mills. He hasn't gotten a lot of playing time this year, DNP the last 3 games, and still he's most fired up on the bench, always waving around with that towel and cheering for teammates, always the first to high-five the team during timeouts , I love it !!!! Finest team-spirit !!!
hookemzuniga1022::slam_dunk_on_u - was teoing before it was cool. Only it wasnt meant to be a meme
Devinhuelsmann::My Pelicans are playing better than anyone expected. im not going to get into personal stats but as a team they have been playing much better and deserve respect. Greivis Vasquez personally deserves much more credit than he is getting. Hate on me if you want but I think Vasquez deserves to be a All-Star.
No-account drifter::Vasquez is definitely on the all-underrated all-stars. Match-up nightmare all-stars, too.
hookemzuniga1022::slam_dunk_on_u - Asked Lennay Kekua to marry him... Was rejected
madnessUNC::Once again, 2nd half woes kill us again. Scoring doesn't seem to be a problem 1st half, but third quarter is our Achilles and then come 4th quarter its too late. I'm glad to see the never give up attitude, but way to many easy looks for parker. Backside defending is bad and the defensive rotation needs to improve. It'll take some time, but I see a bright future with our Pelicans.
NicoM1228::uhoh better watch out. the spurs might get fined another 250k for sitting duncan and popovich against a powerhouse team
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.3::slam_dunk_on_u Have you idiots realized that the Lakers are only 4 games behind for the 8th spot right?with a lot of Basketball left in the season and you think the Lakers can make up 4 games???  Houston and Portland are struggling royally right now...so don't hold your breath spurt fan...  Look in your rear view mirror....you won't even know what hit you once the playoffs start rolling....      Are you serious slam d o u c h e ON your face? You're making yourself look even more stupid...I'll call you dumbo dork...your los angulous fakers SUCK and will continue just like your useless predictions!
nba is the worst::Lakers won't make the playoffs
mkwan0::These mid season games are not important.  Pop, pull the plug on Dunan and give him three or four games off to recharge.
Scott82342::He can't. The Spurs can't afford any more fines.
mkwan0::Tendonitis is a heck of a condition.  I would also reccomend putting Manu on the shelf for a stretch as well, with the intention of getting some burn for Nando and Mills.  That bench needs to be more developed by the playoffs.
mkwan0::Watched gs vs okc.  Okc looked pretty vulnerable.  Kd can get any shot he wants at any time, though
RBDi001::So do the Spurs get fined by Stern  for Pop and Duncan sitting this one out?
MijoMartinez::Was disappointed the bench didn't do better, but Splitter put in work. They put up the points, got the job done and walk away with the W. I hear the Grizz did surgery on hollywood too. Houston looks to be in free fall mode and no one's making a play for the 8th spot.
Hondo Kid::My official prediction is for 100% humidity and lots of wiind.  Otherwise same as yesterday.... laker fan crying and blowing hot air.  The government  has declared scampunk a natural disaster.  Run for your lives!
Daveeeeeed::WHERE'S KAWHIIIII!!!!????
Hondo Kid::He was with waldo last time I looked
slam_dunk_on_u::Have you idiots realized that the Lakers are only 4 games behind for the 8th spot right? with a lot of Basketball left in the season and you think the Lakers can make up 4 games???  Houston and Portland are struggling royally right now...so don't hold your breath spurt fan...  Look in your rear view mirror....you won't even know what hit you once the playoffs start rolling....
dolfan2949::Everyone; check out the time stamp of slam_dick_in_the_face's posting...Kobme must really have been pissed off after yet another loss....  4 games behind? wait 'till next wee when they will be 8 games behind. ROTFLMAO  And another WRONG prediction by dick_face...my bank account keeps on growing.
Vaquero In The House::If anybody needs to look in the mirror it's you @zzhole, look at you fking Dumbo ears &amp; tell me your mamma &amp; Kobe don't b.itch slap you every chance they get.  For your information because you're so fking stupid, if my aunt had balls she would have been my uncle, that the Lickers will make the 8th seed is all in your dreams.  Every team in the league has caught up to the Lickers, they are not the team of Los Angeles any longer the title belongs to the Clippers now.  The Lickers are not capable of turning it on &amp; off like they used to that was evident by last season, so get over it...you fking loser.  The sorry @zz Lickers are the least of any teams worries, believe it!
Ivanov21::Hey you..!!! :D it's Fartie McPoopface again.!!. are you realizing that your Lakers are in muuucch deeper $@%! than any of the struggling teams you mentioned? YOU better watch your rear mirror cause Sacramento, NO and Phoenix are catching up fast LMAO.  oh, and you forgot about the Mavs who will def have a better stretch of bball til April. you also forgot that LA ties only Boston for the longest losing streak right now......... you mad troll??
Hondo Kid::What seed was laker last yr?  Nobody cares.  Because only okc and spurs played in the western conference finals.  Maybe  laker will go undefeated the rest of this season.  Maybe spurs will lose the rest of their games.  Maybe one day your book it predictions will stop
Hondo Kid::When the spurs look in the rear view mirror  at the end of regular season they will see lakers dreaming about next yr.  And spurs and their fans will be looking forward to another playoff run.  Got it?
Hondo Kid::We don't have to worry about who makes the 8th seed.  Don't  matter if its laker or rocket or portland or another team.  The spurs will be in the playoffs for sure.  Just like the last 16 years in a row.  Get it
Hondo Kid::So what if the lakers make up four games?  Against who.?  All the other teams are going to step aside?   maybe another team moves up to 8th seed.  Doesn't matter because laker have pretty much lost head to head vs the wconf teams already
mksatx::The lakers have broken the wheels on your littlw bandwagon.  Ah so what does little boy do.  Jum.comps on okc wagon. the spurs could all be in a coma unconsious and have their feet asleep from your stupidity and.. still kick $@%.  Under the new healthcare plan you get an enema.  From a little girl when she beats the !$@% outta you.
slam_dunk_on_u::I got this from the Mavs Sec 140 for Fridays game:  <i><b>FanofTexas28 "The Spurs have also done their fare share of choking.   2006: As a 1 seed, lost a game 7 at home to the 4th seeded Mavericks.   2009: As a 3 seed, lost in the first round to the 6th seeded Mavericks.  2011: As a 1 seed, lost in the first round to the 8th seeded Grizzlies.  2012: Blew a 2-0 lead in the Conference Finals.   Yet, the Mavs are the chokers. I won't deny that the Mavs have had some terrible chokejobs, but the Spurs haven't been very clutch over the past several years, either"</b></i>  LMAO And some "lurkers" (spurt fans) didn't have an answer for him...  Mavs fan ROYALLY OWNING spurt fans....
dolfan2949::slam_dick_in_the_face is VERY familiar with CHOKING.... after all, he milks Kobme every night he lets him. My guess is he didn't get any last night. LOL  What a tool. He is a glutton for punishment because he keeps coming back for more.
hookemzuniga1022::My answer would be simple. We have gotten the job done 4 times since timmys arrival. The mavs only one time since Dirks arrival. 4&gt;1 numbers dont lie
AustinBeal::Off the top of my head I remember the Mavs being a 1 seed losing to the 8 seeded Warriors, also they we're a 2 seed and lost to the 7 seeded Spurs in 2010. I'm sure with some research I can find some more Maverick choke jobs
TWex2120::Except Mavs fans fail to accept the fact that despite those losses they still got to raise 4 banners. Just because a team loses doesnt mean there was a "choke". But this is expected from a stupid a$$ like you. I feel bad for you. ayou must feel inferior as a person to be here so much. Poor $@%!$@%.
slam_dunk_on_u::After 2007 and every other year before that (2006, 2004, 2002, 2001, 2000) The spurts have become CHOKING ARTISTS, no denying that ...right spurt fans?
Vaquero In The House::Just like you choke on Kobe's crank!
VolkieG::Dude, really? Who cares? Games are won and games are lost. Get a life.
mksatx::Spurs don't need happy talk from the media.  Nobody gives a rats $@% about you yet its obvious you are fixated and do have something to say about san antonio spurs every day.  And every day u are juvenile predictable sad and wrong.
IRVING3808::The Spurs are the most winningest franchise in the history sports and they been in the league way less than the lakers after Kobe is gone no one will mention the lakers once Tim is gone the spurs will only keep on rolling like they have for all these years all that while staying under radar
slam_dunk_on_u::The spurts will never compare to the Lakers...even  during the years the Lakers suck (which is rare)...sad but true spurt fan...
hookemzuniga1022::you mean the years Shaq left before GAsol and the lakers LED BY KOB_ME missed the playoffs and then barely made the 8th seed 1 year later.
Spurcase42::So what?
slam_dunk_on_u::Take a deep breath and count til 10...  Chillax spurtfan!  LOL  the truth hurts.
dolfan2949::You should know about "truth hurting" huh Flaker lover?   But probably not as much as Kobme going up your rear canal every night...it must be the size of the Grand Canyon by now...  ROTFLMAO
mksatx::Unfortunately we feel your pain.  That's the truth.
slam_dunk_on_u::Well, well......The spurts winning 6 straight and 15 in a row at home and ESPN and the rest of the media focusing on the Heat winning in OT vs. the lowly Raptors, My Lakers losing again.. and the Warriors beating the best team OKC Thunder...but no mention whatsoever of the spurts...  That's how much respect the media give the spurts....they actually just like the regular NBA fan give a rats a$$ about your misleading winning record.
Spurcase42::Actually they spend more time on the Lakers losing than on any other team in the league. the media is so blinded by the Lakers and their drama show that they can't see anything else. But it is nothing new to the Spurs. They never noticed the Spurs even when they won the championships, so why should anyone expect them to notice now?
mksatx::Good thing your allways so predictable sad idiotic juvenile and can provide your absolutely misguided insights.  So did they have a graduation party your senior year?  3rd grade?
HotdogSalesman2012::you're a superficial basketball fan, that's all there is to it.
slam_dunk_on_u::Kinda wierd that Duncon and Popazit sat out this game....I heard some things had happen in the locker room but between Popazit and Bonner...never heard anything about Duncon being involved as well...could it be they contracted mono?
Hondo Kid::Fail.  You get a special new grade.  Instead of getting an  f you get a .  G plus.  Goofy plus stupid
smokeysaj::How many people played Splitter tonight?
BGSSGB::4% haha. No idea can't be many.
AustinBeal::I did! no joke :)
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Vasquez,Davis,blesoe bring in some vets and yall gone make some noise next year.
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::Not talking sshit thats just the truth.Im sorry do want me to baby hornet fans.
BGSSGB::Us spur fans like to stay classy so shut up.
LL_Cool_Chris_aka_TruSpurz::And by noise I mean, making a run at the 8th seed.
HookemHorns1957::Nice game, NO.  You clearly have an up and coming team.  NO has a much better chance of making the playoffs than the Lakers.    Spurs were fortunate to get the win tonight without Pop, Timmy and Leonard.
jdrum5000::Spurs had a field day without Pop there, Neal shootin some contested 3's Bonner was hangin around the rim Tiago was just goin crazy and they get the W haha Pop will have some things to say tomorrow
BGSSGB::Haha it was a little weird but nice change for one game. What chemistry can do for a team...
nba is the worst::Good job Spurs - Hornets really playing better these days...
Thumbs Up for Interracial Dating::Poppovich is a Boss...Duncan is a Boss...Parker is a Boss...The Spurs = Bosses.  1st string, 2nd string, 3rd string, 4th string, it doesn't matter.  All they do is WIN!
BGSSGB::I love you man. GO SPURS
NBA_Highlights_23::"New Orleans Pelicans"  Whats wrong with Hornets? I feel sorry for you fans next season...
Shawn1807::They should get this done. Haha
Hoeesayy::Eh, it's their state bird. At least it's relevant to the team. The Utah Jazz is the most ridiculous name by far... Mormons aren't even allowed to listen to music
Scott82342::You do know that the Utah Jazz started out in NO. That is how they got their name.
Hoeesayy::It won't happen, but what would make sense is New Orleans, Charlotte, and Utah  to trade their names: New Orleans Jazz, Charlotte Hornets (they get their original name back), and Utah Bobcats (I'm pretty sure bobcats are all over the place in Utah, being near the Rockies)
NBA_Highlights_23::Yeah they should consider relocating their team. Can't wait for them SuperSonics though
mksatx::If the spurs get lucky enough to make the playoffs this season I hope they face the fabulous lakers.  Lakers are going to turn it around in time for the playoffs according to one "expert".  Then we can all turn around and wave goodbye as lakers go on vacation while good teams continue into the playoffs.
Vaquero In The House::If my aunt had balls she would have been my uncle.  If the Spurs get lucky?  Are you stupid or what?
mksatx::If your relatives have anything I hope it is part of the federal witness protection program.  I mean change your name to protect  the innocent.  And then get a clue.
BGSSGB::Either way that was hilarious reply.
Hoeesayy::I think he's being sarcastic... Check out 'slam_dunk_on_u's comments below
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.3::Hornets played good and lead most of the game just to see them make a run in the fourth and close the game out with a W!
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.3::Just to see the Spurs come back!
Spurs Iz Da Truff::Hey Spur Nation, u ready to make a run??? Team is legit and getting better
5ammy5ammy5ammy::Hells, yeah.
5ammy5ammy5ammy::The Spurs just continue to exude class, professionalism, focus, and resiliency, year after year. I know we haven't won the title in a few years, but I'm SO proud to be a Spurs fan. I hope we can break through this season.
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.3::Yes sir...what's good sammy?
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.3::Absolutely......I feel the same way.....its always good to see the fakers fail.
5ammy5ammy5ammy::'Sup, pal? I'm just relishing another fine Spurs season, and I'm absolutely FEASTING on the disaster in L.A. The basketball gods have been very kind to us.
Hoeesayy::Quote of the night from Jack: "If Pop was here, some people would have been fired." lol
mksatx::Spurs fans give credit when its due.  Nobody is mocking the lakers because wins and losses speak for themselves.  People are mocking idiot that doesn't know 34-11 from the hollywood dream turned into bandwagon bitterness from said idiot
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.3::” I'm so disgusted with my fakers...I just can't like my comments anymore!”          __ Salami slap across his face
Racketyplum::o $@%! Warriors are up on OKC
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.3::I can bet slam duck face is wearing a clippers jersey...lmao
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.3::Salami slap across his face is mad because his fakers suck and will continue too...lmao
mksatx::Damm good game spurs.  I was a lil worried when I found out timmy and kawhi wouldn't play.  Told pop have the night off then had a lil talk w tony and splitter.  Spurs really stepped up tonight.  Good job.  34-11.  Man that's  nice.  Not luck.  Not imaginary.  Not because they haven't earned it.  Keep up the good work fellas.  Beat mavs.  Sweet.
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.3::The Los Angulous Fakers SUCK!
slam_dunk_on_u::I Really don't care if spurt fans are mocking  my Lakers I know for a fact they will be ok after the all star break...as long as we make the 8th seed...then in the playoffs we wil be a different animal. Meanwhile I will be enjoying the mockery I'm making of the spurts nobody cares they are barely winning
Spurcase42::Poor Slam, he thinks barely winning is worse than losing by a lot.
HookemHorns1957::Man, Slam you are really drinking the Fakers kool-aid of "we can still make the playoffs".     You know, the first step to recovery is admitting you have a problem.  Or at least I hear that is step 1......
HookemHorns1957::And last time I checked..."barely winning" was better than "getting my a$$ kicked"
Hoeesayy::You seem to be on the Spurs board every time they win.. you're obviously afraid of how complete the Spurs are (no Duncan, Leonard, and Pop and we still won) if you're constantly downplaying their win after win after win. And the fact that you're a Laker fan? That gives you zero credibility.
Racketyplum::doesn't matter. Spurs vs Thunder WCF rematch.
Racketyplum::might as well get used to the idea, its going to happen. At least you get to keep up your shtick deep into the playoffs because the spurs are going to the finals.
slam_dunk_on_u::Nope
slam_dunk_on_u::Nope
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.3::Bwawawawawawawa.....they'll get trounced right away....dead dynasty...no phil...big problems...they already wanna get rid of howard...lmfao
slam_dunk_on_u::I Really don't care if spurt fans are mocking  my Lakers I know for a fact they will be ok after the all star break...as long as we make the 8th seed...then in the playoffs we wil be a different animal. Meanwhile I will be enjoying the mockery I'm making of the spurts nobody cares they are barely winning
Spurcase42::Dude you are lying through your teeth. Of course you care. That is obvious.
Spurcase42::Seems to me you said the same thing last season and then the Lakers went out in the first round. And the Spurs who you predicted would go out in the first round got to the WCF. Your prediction record is not good.
Vaquero In The House::Nobody's mocking the Lickers, it's those damn big Dumbo ears &amp; that $hitty grin  everyone's laughing about.
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.3::Slam dunk = San Antonio Jock Rider
Racketyplum::another night another spurs and thunder win. Can we fast forward to the conference finals already?
slam_dunk_on_u::The spurts ain't making the wcf it wil be between the other team from LA and the Thunder...spurts are one and done!
Racketyplum::with your track record of predicting games, thats a good thing for San Anonio.
slam_dunk_on_u::The spurts ain't making the wcf it wil be between the other team from LA and the Thunder...spurts are one and done!
Spurcase42::that could well be, but it damn sure won't be the Lakers.
