LeBronOrKobeMVP::Gerald Green was dropping these numbers on the Celtics before he was traded for KG. Nets starting lineup should be PG-Dwill SG-Brooks SF-Gerald Green PF-Brook Lopez C-Sheldon Williams Humphries as 6th man... This team would be very dangerous
Comments Recommendation::http://www.rnsnbc.com/news/latest_headlines/limo/
clutchcityforlife::Thumbs up if you absolutely hate this Rockets roster lol.
Sixers1234567::Gereld Green had 26pts tonight and the dunk of the year, after just being signed to a 10-day contract. Very impressive...
clutchcityforlife::^Hahahahahaha you're funny.
JDoc311::He's finally an NBA player.  26 points on 10-14 shooting from all over the floor (even 3).
3rdCoastTexan::that guys still plays?!?! he has bounced around to more teams than matt barnes. athletic freak but never really figured things out
slamminsammy006::Lets go Rockets! Turn this win into a winning streak. There's way too much to be going for to be losing 5 in a row again, or losing much more. Big road win to break the streak, but turn this win into a new good winning streak for more momentum.  As for your Nets fans, I hope you guys get Dwight Howard, and eventually turn into the superior team compared to the Knicks.
Liltexaschic::Good game nets...
Recommended News Story::http://www.rnsnbc.com/news/latest_headlines/limo/
pooor rangers::hatians are retareded poor $@%!$@% on cluthfans.
HollaIfYaHEMI::Wha?
Victor6229::Nets finally become a playoff team after trade with knicks!  http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7ravxjk  Knicks get Nets 2012 first round pick  PG Jeremy lin/ Farmar  SG Morrow/ Fields/ Stevenson  SF Carmelo Anthony  PF Chris Humphriers   C Brook Lopez What do you guys think?
brooklynboynyg::Deron&gt;Melo Marshon&gt;Landry/Lin
somaliangangsterpufff::melos great but hes cancer.
PadresChargersClippers::Why would the lakers deny a Dragic/Scola/Martin for Gasol deal? that is as good a value as they will get.
New Jet Fan 44::We want Lowrey, Parsons and Martin
NEONMANIAC77::Everytime Goran starts he puts up big stats. Why is this guy not starting somewhere? I just cannot believe it.
doggtoyork::hahahaa thunder turned down harden and ibaka for dwight WE'RE SOO LUCKY THEY DECLINED THEY COULD HAVE BEEN GOOD http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
inquisitiveman::awesome layup by goran:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UERWphzwYTU
jruyle2010::why is the green dunk not on the espn highlights?!
JDoc311::ESPN is going to come running next season, but they're a bunch geeks.  They're that lackey from back to the future with the 3D glasses.  D!CK eating all over the place.  This dunk was trending on twitter and big time news.  If it were Blake Griffin they'd be trying to make him a max contract guy, talking about he's worth trading for Dwight.  But since it's Gerald Green from the Nets.  No big deal.  If it were the Knicks he'd be Green-Sanity!  G5 will be with the Nets next year, along with Deron and Dwight.  That squad is going to shut down MIAMI, and then watch all the "Nets" fanboys at ESPN come running.
mdtuzo::they always bag on the nets... not surprised
mdtuzo::i cant believe these injuries this year for the nets... still the perimeter defense is inexcusable, just a real joke
Rezo201::GG dunk &gt; Griffin dunk
kieran2357::WOW GERALD GREEN
jairushawkins...::well kyle lowry isn't being traded . http://www.cbssports.com/nba/blog/eye-on-basketball/17693152/nba-trade-deadline-the-kyle-lowry-conundrum
inquisitiveman::lowry is not gonna be traded for any player....maybe only for howard, but he aint coming anyway...
natskivna::I see NOTHING that guarantees Lowry won't be traded.  Be careful with the wording of articles.
bobbydagreat::Yeah, that sucks, maybe they will take Kevin Martin, I hear their SG is getting a bit old LOL.
jairushawkins...::Lol
GMEN525::Can someone please tell me why the Nets still start Stevenson. I can't watch the games from where I live. From his stat line he looks useless.
jVillaNyC::his the best they had before green, I'm sure they will start green next time. i hope..
chickenshaker33::Kevin Martin 8 days ago, 42 Minutes 35 points 3 rebound and 4 assists, 6 Days ago 42 Minutes 25 points 3 rebounds and 8 assists, TODAYS line 17 Minutes and 5 points.  Some fine coaching there, why not just send him down to the D-League while your at it.
21josh32::He doesnt fit McHale's system! I like Kmart but we gotta trade him before he lowers his value any more tha he already has!
chickenshaker33::Makes sense.
bobbydagreat::He can't create his own shot,, and when it is off, you have to get him out of the game because he is garbage on defense.
disguyman::he doesn't move around on the court, when the play isnt called for him he just stands at one spot.  he doesn't do jack on defense, that charge he took was bs, he was moving.  lee played better and kmart should be coming off the bench.
Kasssem::whats the excuse tonight he was 2 of 5?? and if someone is off you can still go off, prime example d-will when he went for 57? there is no excuse to sit him..
comedy2424::Avery Johnson was on the Yes Network after the game and talked about the lost and not having derren williams for a second straight game http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWAKQCdGY3o&amp;feature=channel
calliown::Just saw the Gerald Green lob.... O....M....G!!! The Rockets bench even had to have a lil reaction. Wow!!
jairushawkins...::Man rockets fans think about this. last season when Andrew bynum was out for a month and gasol was the only post option he Averaged 23 and 13. Expect to see that if he gets to the rockets.
joeman1146::Gasol and Dalembert would make a good compliment to eachothers position. size, offense and defense. nice
bobbydagreat::Easily, because the Rockets don't have any other real rebounders.
bobbydagreat::He would play PF, basically he would just replace Scola. Dalembert would still play C, but it would be easier on him since they could go big with the lineup with both of them out there.
jairushawkins...::Would he play the PF Or the C?
jairushawkins...::The thing about "rumors" is that they are rumors you will never know if they are true....
chicubsrule123::gerald green is impressive.
joeman1146::the commentator for the nets said "he's so hot he's scoring for both teams" lol
lAsomughal::He is awesome. He is the reason Houston won tonight.
jairushawkins...::http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1098174-nba-trade-rumors-lakers-and-rockets-are-close-to-a-deal-for-pau-gasol
mchowe3337::Are there any rumors about Chase getting traded?
disguyman::In Morey we trust, but for how long
mchowe3337::So many wing players (Martin, Budinger, Lee, Parsons, Williams), gotta figure Morey will do something. Yeah, that veto was ridiculous.
bobbydagreat::And they have Morris that they just drafted who is in the D league because there is no room for him on the roster, certainly something is going to happen before the deadline.
mchowe3337::Its kind of wishful thinking on my part, Parsons, Budinger and Lee seem like good bargains right now for the Rockets payroll.
bobbydagreat::Yeah, that's Daryl Morey's MO, he picks up very valuable pieces and was hoping to use them in trades, but he hasn't been able to. Well, he WAS able to, but Stern vetoed it because he hates the Rockets and the Hornets.
mchowe3337::Is Chase being UNDER used there?
bobbydagreat::The problem with Chase is that he doesn't play any defense, that's why Parsons starts over him. Chase can score though so if you have other defensive players around him it doesn't matter.
mchowe3337::I like Lee too, Im just frustrated with Hamiltons injuries, Gar Forman and Paxon are guilty of falling in love with their players and wont let go of them.
bobbydagreat::Ask Suns fans how they feel about the Dragic and a first rounder for Aaron Brooks trade.
bobbydagreat::I wouldn't want the GM of my favorite team to deal with Daryl Morey, he has a long history of traderaping teams.
lAsomughal::chicago? No way dude
mchowe3337::with our injuries I would love him here in Chicago.
bobbydagreat::Chicago always asks too much in trades, they could have had Courtney Lee last year if they were actually offering something for him. Daryl Morey has never been beaten in a trade, and likely will never be beaten in a trade.
lAsomughal::chase wont be traded. it'd be stupid also.
bobbydagreat::Nope, Morey loves him.
Philip07tx::For a long time the Rockets won 3 quaters of the gm....but they're still losing the third quater....
jairushawkins...::Im tired of seeing this "Middle of the Pack" Rockets team play so inconsistent i want to see a trade that will change the record of this team in some kind of way.
bobbydagreat::Can't, it'll be vetoed, basketball reasons.
drftw42134::It sucks because we were going to win without Deron Williams and Brook Lopez but we need them or atleast one of them to play. Hope Deron Williams comes back for next game. Good game Rockets fans.
jairushawkins...::lowry and Scola for : Pau Gasol.... Sounds fair to me.
bobbydagreat::It would help out both teams, and hurt both teams at the same time. Lakers lose size, gain a real PG. Rockets gain a real PF, lose their best PG.
bobbydagreat::Lowry would upgrade the Lakers at PG so much more dramatically than the fall off from Lowry to Dragic.
jairushawkins...::I would trust Dragic with the starting job. but i do think Kyle Lowry would be way better if he was more aggressive.
lAsomughal::Dude, Gasol does not fit in at all to their team. You dont just grab good players for the players sake, make a move for the teams sake.
bobbydagreat::Actually, he does. The system needs a post presence but Scola isn't big enough and Dalembert is god awful on offense.
jairushawkins...::Im pretty sure he would fit in the same offense he ran at L.A With phil jackson.
somaliangangsterpufff::yeah and lakers w/scola would be like when they had that sasha fool
bobbydagreat::The Rockets certainly should have lost this game the way they played, but some nights you run into a team so bad it doesn't matter.
JDoc311::Seriously?  I like comments like this.  Because come next season you'll still be a fringe playoff team, and we'll have the best PG in the NBA the best C in the NBA, a future all-star rookie at the 3 or 4, a future all-star SG, another 7 footer in Brook Lopez scoring 25ppg or a 25 PPG wing we trade him for and a brand new arena in the greatest city in the world.  I like it when Orlando, Houston, Dallas, LAC, T-Mac, and all you fools talk smack.  The Nets will be the squad to beat next season.  You might make the playoffs with your old and crusty line up.  But, probably not.
screwhead2305::rockets didnt have lowry.. evenly matched and martin didnt play all but 15 min
nets51534::Lets not mention Nets didnt have Deron Williams or Brook Lopez
bobbydagreat::Well yeah, that certainly helped them be bad enough to lose to a Rockets team playing as poorly as they did tonight. Not many teams in the NBA would have managed to lose.
jairushawkins...::I still think about what could have been with t-mac and yao.
Hatchkelso808::I am the worst person in the world at picking over/unders. Both teams was without there top scorers and both not playing that good so I thought this was a guarantee under. Haha what a loser
somaliangangsterpufff::if dragics gonna be this good we might be able to trade lowry and get a decent center
EbbNFlow88::Id even consider trading Kmart since he's becoming a liability under McHale
JDoc311::Why would the Nets want that trade?  You'd have to take back Petro.  Even still I'm not sure the Nets give up Hump.
Philip07tx::NOpe....Socla for Josh Smith and Lowry for Pau Gasol o something..but i think both plays same position
somaliangangsterpufff::just go lowry and dalembert for humphries or something
Philip07tx::Reason y rockets won today....A real PG that can run an offensive sets and Chase Budinger playing...that's it
bobbydagreat::Dragic can be an absolute beast when he is on.
lAsomughal::LMFAO, i have never laughed in my life as much as i did now. Comparing Green with Dwight Howard? LMFAAAAAAAAOOOO.  But tbh, i agree! He is defintely the best player the horrible Houston Rockets have ever had. HAHAHAHHAH
somaliangangsterpufff::YAO MING AND MCGRADY HATER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lAsomughal::Mets, if u scroll down to the comments.
Mets2410::what? who did that?
bobbydagreat::Yeah, much better than Olajuwon, Drexler, Barkley, Moses Malone, Yao Ming, Tracy Mcgrady(before he was broken).......
screwhead2305::we finally win one.. thank the lord
bobbydagreat::LOL was that just 12 seconds without a shot to end the game? Holy $@%!.
Philip07tx::check out Dragic stats for the gm for the that guy that was arguing with me since he love stats so much....  8-14 8 Assist 2 to
Mets2410::ah nets blew this one at least it's houston a win helps them get into the playoffs
JDoc311::Come on 15th overall draft pick!
Rezo201::LOL didn't even get a shot off, goodnight everyone.
rabbi187::Aavery drew up a beauty
HTownRprsntr::Aiirrrballll!
Rezo201::Morrow SUCKS this season, the dude can't shoot 3's!
Mets2410::dude c'mon he's just chucking $@%! up now do you know how many 4 point plays he's gotten?
Carslon12::Well that tip in ended the rockets losing streak
MetropolitansFan::Terrible down the stretch....i blame Avery for this loss!
PhxSunsOwn13::Goran Dragic doing work!! I love it, Phoenix fans miss that guy!
bobbydagreat::And Spurs fans still hate him.
bobbydagreat::What was it 23 points in the 4th quarter?
PhxSunsOwn13::He obliterated them that series.. awesome stuff!
Zeeshan2::wow can't believe the rockets won with kmart scoring just 5 pts
Philip07tx::yeap we are...
WillyDub::They have been.  Kmart on my fantasy team...he's killing me too.  I think they are going to trade him.
bobbydagreat::He's had the worst season of his career, the trade rumors really messed him up.
somaliangangsterpufff::YEAH BUDDY
