go Seahawks 48::gg sonics
razzledazzletj81::I have to take a break from the Kings after this one.
blackdevilace::Poor Sonics got clown stomped OUCH!
jayeteee::Okay, I think I'll lie down and go to sleep to some tennis. LOL. Not a big fan of either, but Djokovic is the ice man. Later, peeps.
qdfsadf::later jay
KCstills::alright guys, im out. hoping for 28-18 for now. go nuggets.
qdfsadf::Pacers? Yeah you can beat them
qdfsadf::How do you Broncos fans feel about John "Take the knee" Fox?
jayeteee::He killed us in the Tampa Bay game and it almost cost us. I told a buddy of mine after that game that his conservatism would cost us in the playoffs and it did. True story.
qdfsadf::I'm surprised that he didn't b*tch about Tucker getting the practice kicks at least.   Put one of the Harbaugh's as head coach on that team and they're in the Super Bowl
jayeteee::You've got Peyton Manning and you're kneeling??? LOL. The series before that bothered me the most. Running every play and not trying a pass for a 1st down. We never should've given the ball back to the Ravens w/ 3 minutes left in regulation.
qdfsadf::TMQ's Easterbrook always criticizes him for that and has been doing so for a couple years. i was surprised he was that passive though
jayeteee::@qdfsadf  What do you think, Schwartz will be gone if no playoffs next year? I thought he was gone after this year.
qdfsadf::i hope not. he's the best coach we've had since Wayne Fontes. Maybe even better. He could be gone though.
69durango::Suh is a thug and hurts the team. Same for Fairley.
qdfsadf::jayeteee - SUH!!!!!!!!!  Example #1
jayeteee::SUH!!!!!!!!!
qdfsadf::I can't stand that stupid sidearm thing he does but he looks legit. I don't think the problem is with Schwartz. I think the problem is just with dumb defensive players who play dumb.
jayeteee::I like him, but I was expecting more from the Lions this past year. I really like Stafford.
Quincy Miller 30::KCstills, get that RB Taylor from Stanford and you guys will easily have the #1 offense. Turner doesn't get the job done anymore.
KCstills::random topic but the cleveland browns could of had russel wilson, julio jones, and trent richardson. that is what you call bad management right there. but then again they are the browns.
qdfsadf::I think Weeden has a incredible season next year too. The numbers he put up at OK State were crazy
jayeteee::Well, they did get Richardson. :)
qdfsadf::i've heard their new GM is supposed to be one of the best in the business though. they could be back soon
qdfsadf::I'm drunk and I don't give a crap so let me just make another post dedicated to how much I hate Michigan fans. F*ck Michigan
Quincy Miller 30::It's crazy to see my Niners in the SB because we've been sucking it big time before Harbaugh was here.
qdfsadf::Shut up. I'm a f*cking Lions fan...
qdfsadf::Stafford is the man. and Schwartz is a damn good coach too. If he puts together another 10+ win season this year, people are talking about how he's a "fiery, emotional leader" instead of a thug coach
Quincy Miller 30::well you guys have Calvin....... Just get another WR for Stafford
KCstills::...:( im a falcons fan.  T-T
jayeteee::Falcons should be good for awhile. They're in the same shape as the Broncos for the next few years, except their QB is a lot younger
KCstills::Quincy Miller 30 - You guys have a good future. Just need a replacement for Tony.  yeah man Julio is the truth though. Kaepernick is so dangerous not just because of him, but gore and james really carved us up because the attention we payed to him. you guys are in good shape for a while.
Quincy Miller 30::You guys have a good future. Just need a replacement for Tony.
jayeteee::Though a bit eccentric, he's a good coach. You guys are lucky.
qdfsadf::I just want to make a separate post dedicated to how much I hate Michigan fans. Here it is
jayeteee::AF should've beat them.
qdfsadf::lol I saw. 2 receptions for 21 yards. My UM fan friends think he's a god or something though lol
jayeteee::I saw Robinson line up at receiver in the Senior Bowl today.
qdfsadf::AF should have beat them and State should have beat them
KCstills::im a bama fan and if it makes you feel better we did kick the shi.t out of them. :)
qdfsadf::thanks for the faith :)
KCstills::qdfsadf - yeah I was on the bama board quite a bit under the name lionstigerssparty. you probably saw me down there.  and that makes me feel great, especially since Bama is my #2 team :)  yeah i remember the name. you guys will get them next year.
qdfsadf::yeah I was on the bama board quite a bit under the name lionstigerssparty. you probably saw me down there.  and that makes me feel great, especially since Bama is my #2 team :)
jayeteee::A little off subject, but I did some research on this Mike McIntyre that CU hired and he will have them competitive sooner than most think. JMO. LOL. But I thought Hawkins was a good hire, so that tells you what I know. But in all seriousness, I like the hire. CU will be back!!!! Go Buffs!!!!!   *I just wish they had baseball up there.
qdfsadf::that was a terrific hire, especially with all the coaches that said no to you guys.
KCstills::i hope so. i saw them against UO on tv. most overmatched  team i may have ever seen. nothing but a brighter future though.
.... Slurm soda::Who was worse Hawkins or his son lol
jayeteee::Dan, for sure, but it was a close race. Derp!
sjabruning::This was another perfect example of why TROB should start
Quincy Miller 30::They should have drills instead of the Pro Bowl like which receiver can do a drill faster than another one.
jayeteee::Such a stupid game 'cause the interior linemen are the ones really putting it on the line.
KCstills::really anything would be better. maybe how they used to do it. like hand challenges ect.
.... Slurm soda::Yeah that would be much more fun to watch and probably more fun to compete in.
qdfsadf::What happens if the Sonics come back? Rivalry starting there too?
KCstills::if karl is still here, yes.
Quincy Miller 30::Will tomorrow be the last Pro Bowl?
KCstills::what up quincy. and probably. the players just dont care.
.... Slurm soda::Hope so.
bearsbball12::I'd love to see a rivalry develop between the Nuggets and Thunder. The potential is definitely there.
NFLFanFreak::Keep in Mind Nuggets were on a back 2 back going into OKC and that 1st game went into OT.
KCstills::well we did beat them last year. this year didnt go so well @ OKC.
KCstills::i  love the games. though everytime we play them durant and westbrook go for 35+ every time it seems. and westbrook may be the most annoying guy to score against you ever. he literally celebrates every score like a madman. he needs to chill.
bearsbball12::The last time they played was intense and definitely had the feel of a developing rivalry. Of course, the Nuggets would also have to be competitive @OKC for it to develop into a true rivalry.
.... Slurm soda::Westbrook wants to be hated, he feeds off it.
IMnN32::I'll say in general I hate NY teams, Jets and Knicks
qdfsadf::Jets, Knicks and Rangers fans are horrible.   And then there's the Yankees....
IMnN32::Never hated the Jets til Ryan started coaching..... and NY fans are a bunch of dumb loud mouths.
jayeteee::Never hated the Jets, but in general I root against NY, FL, TX, and CA teams. PERIOD.
KCstills::lol at jets. what a joke.
KCstills::is there a team you guys hate (besides obvious ones like the heat, lakers) i would have to say i hate the spurs because  they it seems like their the only team that consistently beats us at home. its about every other time. its ridiculous. lol
qdfsadf::I can't stand the Knicks because their fans are idiots and the Nets because they were really overrated entering the year but other than that I've never had a problem lol
qdfsadf::and if you count other sports, White Sox, Indians, Packers, Vikings, Bears, Blackhawks, Notre Dame and Patriots fans.  And Michigan fans. They deserve a catagory all of their own.
jayeteee::Heat, Lakers, Mavericks, Knicks, Cowboys, Raiders, Yankees, Cubs, and Red Wings.
jayeteee::Not the fans, the teams.
jayeteee::I added the Knicks after I thought about it. Oh yeah, the Patriots too. :)
qdfsadf::HEY! WHAT'S WRONG WITH WINGS FANS?
KCstills::jayeteee - Heat, Lakers, Mavericks, Cowboys, Raiders, Yankees, Cubs, and Red Wings.  lol have to give raider fans credit for being fans despite sucking for a decade. their fans are a bunch of d-bags though. lol
.... Slurm soda::The Lakers, Utah and the Knicks. Up until last year I never even cared about the Knicks, then I met their fans. Dumbest fanbase in professional sports, hands down.
bearsbball12::Oh yeah, forgot about the Knicks. Not a fan of theirs either.
yatoad::^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ THIS. $@%! KNICK FANS
bearsbball12::Spurs for sure. Not a big fan of OKC either (mainly because of Westbrook)
KCstills::bearsbball12 - Spurs for sure. Not a big fan of OKC either (mainly because of Westbrook)  hell yes. the kids celebrations after every score is what makes him annoying.
.... Slurm soda::@qdfsadf Did you guys really trade Billups because you thought Stuckey was the future?
.... Slurm soda::At the beginning of the season Stuckey was shooting like 9% lol.
qdfsadf::well we traded Billups in what, '09? By now we realized Stuckey is horrible lol.  Although the whole trading Billups thing was never popular among Pistons fans. Not when it happened, not right now.
qdfsadf::yeah...  Dumars also wanted to break the core up because we weren't going far enough in the playoffs every year. It's like the guy said below, winning breeds irrational expectations. Pistons fans expected too much. we fired Flip Saunders after 3 straight EC Finals and traded Billups right after that
qdfsadf::after you make 6 straight with back to back Finals appearances and a championship mixed in within the first 3 of that run, we'll see what you guys think lol.
bearsbball12::For the record, if GK takes the Nuggets to 3 straight WCF, we should NOT fire him. Lol.
jayeteee::"LOL. That's the beauty of sports"  -Ryan Leaf
.... Slurm soda::Don't even talk about him, i've been through enough with that team.
bearsbball12::What's an acceptable record for the Nuggets at the end of this 6 game home stand? Anything worse than 31-19 and I'll be disappointed.
KCstills::i think we will win them all. but we have lost games to some pretty crappy teams at home. rarely do we lose to good team at home (except SA i hate them, they seem to beat us at home every other time)
jayeteee::And that 'hack a McGee' was pretty lame last game too.
jayeteee::I'll be disappointed if we're not 32-18, although Indiana will be tough. Maybe Chicago.
bearsbball12::6-0 is definitely doable, but I can't be too upset about a 5-1 home stand either.
KCstills::jayeteee - I'll be disappointed if we're not 32-18, although Indiana will be tough. Maybe Chicago.  chicago has played really good basketball. that could be a good game depending on how we play. we could run them out of the building too. :)
qdfsadf::what seed are you guys at now?
IMnN32::6
bearsbball12::Tied for the 5 w/ GS.
KCstills::is anyone here colorado football fans? im not local so im not, but seriously what happen to their program? they used to be respectable but it seems like they get killed by everybody now a days. the pac 12 move may have been a mistake.
proximuhtyz::I know this is off topic but josh tupou will be a beast. Played Highschool football with him and he tackles good.
jayeteee::LOL. Not to quote Arnold, but they'll be back. Talkins killed them for some time. At least Barnett had some quality teams.
qdfsadf::IMnN32 - unfortunately according to NCAA rules they still can't use it.  hahahahahahha  i'm an MSU fan and the last 3-4 years MSU has put together some great seasons despite not having top tier recruiting classes. All you need is a quality coach who can develop and identify the talent that you need for your system and is willing to stick around.
IMnN32::unfortunately according to NCAA rules they still can't use it.
qdfsadf::The whole legal weed thing doesn't hurt :)
IMnN32::Barnett did alright.  But idk if they'll be back, recruiting someone to come to CU isn't easy.  They aren't in a great climate, they don't have the best facilities, although I'm sure they're nice.  It's an uphill battle for recruiting, unless your A.  a traditional powerhous or B.  A southern school with great weather in a fun city.
qdfsadf::That female kicker rape thing happened.
bearsbball12::I'm not a CU fan, but they're obviously getting killed in recruiting. They just don't have the talent that other schools have.
KCstills::my pro teams simply fail in the playoffs. my nfl team the falcons pissed me off so bad its not even funny. i have the slim hope denver does something great. but our fast pace bites us in the end in the playoffs more times than not.
KCstills::eh i live in the south and everyone is a bandwagon heat or thunder fan. i liked how the nuggets played so i just caught on. its really either the saints or falcons down here so i picked the birds.
qdfsadf::that makes sense lol
qdfsadf::lol how'd you end up being a Falcons and Nuggets fan?
.... Slurm soda::Chauncey's gonna be a good coach someday.
qdfsadf::Chauncey is the f*cking man
qdfsadf::I thought NU fans hated CU but they still root for Colorado sports teams?
jayeteee::Not the same. W/ professional sports it's regional. Colleges are in every state.
IMnN32::Let's just say if you go to a Bronco's game compared to a Buff's game, when the Buff's were decent, the Bronco's have a much more hospitable atmosphere.
IMnN32::If you live close to the border you do, and I think you should realize that CU fans and Denver sports fans are two separate things.
qdfsadf::idk i thought that Denver sports fans mostly root for CU though
JustineS04::You want to talk about people who got done dirty in trades, never mind AAA or Nene, it's Chauncey who got screwed. He's fine now, obviously, but I felt awful for him.
jayeteee::He's a legend in these parts, but the business end got him gone. That and Ty Lawson.
qdfsadf::Better Ty Lawson than Rodney F*cking Stuckey....
qdfsadf::Chauncey is retiring a Piston. F*ck you if you think otherwise :)
qdfsadf::IMnN32 - I'll just say it's very likely he finishes his career with the Clippers and then signs a like 5 day contract so he can retire a Piston.  That's what I see too. Either way the #1 will be hanging from the Palace rafters very soon
qdfsadf::KCstills - no way as a clipper unless he wins 2 or more titles. the pistons built his career basically.  No. Chauncey built his own career. It just happened to be that he was on the Pistons at the moment.
IMnN32::I'll just say it's very likely he finishes his career with the Clippers and then signs a like 5 day contract so he can retire a Piston.
KCstills::jayeteee - They've let him go twice and he was nothing but loyal to them, I think he retires a Piston or a Clipper.  no way as a clipper unless he wins 2 or more titles. the pistons built his career basically.
jayeteee::They've let him go twice and he was nothing but loyal to them, I think he retires a Piston or a Clipper.
qdfsadf::he got his title (and Finals MVP) with Detroit.  I've heard he wants to retire a Piston but it also wouldn't surprise me if he wants to retire a Nugget. I mean he's literally spent his entire pre-NBA life there.
IMnN32::As much as Chauncey may mean to Detroit fans.  Denver is his home, it'll literally be where he retires (lives).  It also wouldn't surprise me to see him retire with the Clippers if he can get a title there.
qdfsadf::one can hope right :(  i'm glad that we traded him to Denver instead of anyone else. I'm still mad that we traded him to begin with though
KCstills::qdfsadf - Chauncey is retiring a Piston. F*ck you if you think otherwise :)  best accomplishments there, but he is a denver boy. simple truth.
IMnN32::Jayetee-  I'm a Nebraska football fan and I'll say that sometimes a coaches or a teams success can be the current coaches demise.  Nebraska fans wanted to fire Tom Osborne in the mid 70's and they were consistenly a top 10 team.  He won 3 25 years later, but they wanted him fired, when his worst year was 9-2.  Some times you have fans that are so used to success they want more, and if that doesn't happen they want to change things up and if you look at a lot of succesful teams out there, just firing a coach doesn't really accomplish a lot if anything.
bearsbball12::Fair enough, but is losing in the 1st round of the playoffs every year really defined as "success"?
.... Slurm soda::If we were even a little bit successful in the playoffs I don't think Karl would be disliked as much as he is.
jayeteee::I agree w/ bears, and I hear you, IM, but eventually average isn't good enough. Just getting in is just getting old.
bearsbball12::More than half the league makes the playoffs every year. Simply making it doesn't mean much when every year average to below average teams make it. You've got to win in the playoffs to really be considered successful.
IMnN32::Ask the 16 teams that didn't make it......
jayeteee::Yeah, I know, but Karl p.isses me off a lot, and I really don't know who we'd get to replace him. I'd like a guy like Jackson, but I know it's a pipe dream.  BTW, I wish you guys would've kept Callahan. LOL.   *Are Bugeaters fans happy w/ Pelini?
IMnN32::when you go 5-7 two of your 4 years at Nebraska somethings wrong...... really wrong.....
jayeteee::I was being facetious. As a CU fan, Callahan made you guys easier to beat. Solich too.
huskers0717::Martinez is a nightmare. I cringe every time he drops back to pass. You never know what's going to happen.
jayeteee::Wow! I like Martinez and think Pelini is terrible, but that's what opinions are for. :-P
IMnN32::up yours for saying we should have kept Callahan.
huskers0717::I don't mind him. I do love his intensity. Sometimes I question certain things but I'm not a coach. I just hate T. Martinez.
huskers0717::FIRE BO!!!
qdfsadf::F*ck Bo
IMnN32::oh god lol, yeah I'd rather we didn't fire him.  It's only been 5 years, and it's his first five years of being a head coach..........
KCstills::problem is denver isnt an elite franchise. they are mid tier one at best. they have never won any titles. :(
KCstills::IMnN32 - Well recently they've been pretty good.  Thing is Nebraska wasn't elite, until Devaney and Osborne, but success got to the fans,a nd they thought unless we win a national title every year, we're failing.  my professional teams have failed me time and time again. (nuggets and falcons) but at least my college team is on top. :)
IMnN32::Well recently they've been pretty good.  Thing is Nebraska wasn't elite, until Devaney and Osborne, but success got to the fans,a nd they thought unless we win a national title every year, we're failing.
qdfsadf::I'm a Pistons fan and we fired Flip Saunders over 3 straight ECF losses. I know exactly what you mean
KCstills::GS lost. hell yeah
KCstills::i realize that but the difference is so small its a waste of time. it should be the head to head record.
bearsbball12::Well it doesn't really matter right now anyway since the season isn't over lol. The important thing is that if DEN and GS are tied at the end of the season, the Nuggets will get the higher seed.
KCstills::wth? thats stupid. how can a team with a 26-17 record have a better percent than a 27-18?  sigh
bearsbball12::It's just simple math lol. We're both over .500, but the Nuggets have played 2 more games than the Warriors and gone 1-1 in them, which lowers their winning percentage.
jayeteee::.600 vs .605.
KCstills::looked at the standings. are tied, yet somehow GS gets the tie breaker. i thought the record between the two was the first one.
bearsbball12::It would be if our records were identical, but right now GS is ahead by percentage points.
jayeteee::We have the tiebreaker over them, but they're up on us .005%. LOL.
KCstills::why is it we always lose to a couple of bs teams at home every year? just lapses man.
qdfsadf::Good win over Seattle Denver. Too bad your football team didn't have the chance to  do the same this season
jayeteee::Ugh...........we Broncos fans are just getting over it. Don't remind us. :-P
qdfsadf::haha too soon to troll you guys? my bad :(
KCstills::luckily im not local. though my football team did blow it too. :(
qdfsadf::lol how are you a Tide, Nuggets and Falcons fan?  Also RTR!
KCstills::hell maybe denver can get in the lottery and  get lucky.
KCstills::i meant in the future so we could get a superstar. it would suck, but there  isnt really any way to win titles but to have one.
.... Slurm soda::If we were going to tank and give up on this team I'd rather it be for next years draft.
jayeteee::Not this year unless we have about 3 or 4 major injuries.
jayeteee::So I guess some Nuggets fans are fine w/ Karl winning 2 of 9 playoff series since he's been in Denver. That's cool. I'm not. Mike Shanahan won 2 Superbowls in Denver, but when he got stale, he got fired. I just think Karl is stale. If you don't like my opinion, that's your problem, not mine.
IMnN32::There is a serious problem with your logic.  The first is implying that getting rid of Shannahan helped anything.  Any team that has Manning as qb is likely going to be succesful regardless of the coach.  2nd of all they hired John Fox who is a great coach.  Now look at it on the other side of the coin.  John Fox was basically fired from the Panthers, and is then successful in Denver.  Shannahan gets fired and he's now succesful in DC, and I'm guessing Panthers fans miss Fox right about now.
jayeteee::You hear what you want to hear, I can't change that. Fox got too conservative and it cost us, that's my opinion and I'm not apologizing.
IMnN32::Have u seen the Panthers play?........And then after saying your glad Shanahan is gone you criticize the new guy........ I guess there is just no pleasing you.
jayeteee::That's where you're wrong, most Panthers fans don't like Fox because of his conservatism, and that's exactly what got us beat vs Baltimore. I'm okay w/ Fox if Elway gets on him and tells him we need to be more aggressive when the game's on the line.
jayeteee::I agree, now is not the time, and it wouldn't be justified. But if we lose another first rounder, especially if we have home court, I'm ready for change.
bearsbball12::I agree with what this guy said.
KCstills::isnt any better options. plain and simple. a change right now would do nothing but hurt us and leave us to rebuild. i REALLY dont want to be that type of team.
KCstills::man i feel bad for afflao and nene. i think denver really did them wrong. except for when they play us i def. root for them. and al harrington may have been my favorite player. let us keep our players for once denver! lol
bearsbball12::I don't have a problem with it. I've liked all the moves Ujiri has made so far. It's clear he isn't happy settling for one and done every year and if he sees an opportunity to make a move that will help the team, he'll pull the trigger.
jayeteee::It's a business, KC, and as fans, sometimes that's the hardest thing to take.
.... Slurm soda::That's what's good about Masai though, if you're not producing (Nene) or there is a chance to get a better player (AAA Big Al) he won't be afraid to move you.
KCstills::jayeteee - It's a business, KC, and as fans, sometimes that's the hardest thing to take.  i understand bro but it seems like we move around players more than anybody else in the league.
.... Slurm soda::I hated Nene when he was here, not as a person but as a player.
IMnN32::I think the Nuggets can beat any team in the playoffs except OKC, as long as they aren't a 4 or 5 seed I think they have a chance at making the western conference finals.
bearsbball12::I really can't see the Nuggets beating LAC or SA in a 7 game series either. When you're the worst FT shooting team in the NBA, it generally tends to come back and bite you in close playoff games.
KCstills::wth does durant and westbrook ALWAYS go off on us. both like 35+ everytime. its ridiculous.
KCstills::does renaldo balkman play for anyone? i made fun of him for being the worse player in the league even when he played for us. lol
KCstills::anyone think jordan hamilton should get more playing time? dude has a shot. and im pleasantly surprised at how much corey brewer has developed here over his past teams. and why did we get anthony randolph again? as trade bait?
.... Slurm soda::Everyone thinks that, but when he finally gets a chance to play he doesn't do well because he's rusty, then that gives Karl his excuse not to play him, and I bet Karl does that on purpose too. Playing mind games like he did with JR.
.... Slurm soda::Who do you guys want as a first round matchup? it's most likely going to be MEM or GS. To be honest with you I don't know how we've beaten GS 3 times. They are built to beat us.
jayeteee::Tee hee, it's a secret.
KCstills::we own GS, plain and simple. have no idea how we blew the one game we lost. but with us at home i'd take either. on the road GS for sure over memphis.
Judge Smails.::It'll be Memphis in the 4-5 series I bet.  Don't know who'll have home court.
KCstills::why people want  javale gone confuses me. yeah he has bad plays, but most of them are still effort plays. and have you watched his post game? dude has talent, he could be a top 3 center with just more experience.
jayeteee::He's a work in progress, but not a lot of big men want to deal w/ him. I like that.
Judge Smails.::Jayeteee- I am fully aware the Nuggets have gotten out of the first round only once since Karl has been here.  I said they are 2-1 in series where they have home court under him.  They won 2 series that season.  You also seem to want to blame Karl for the job Dantley did while Karl was recovering from cancer.
KCstills::utah beating us pissed me off. then they go and get swept. the bast.ards. lol
jayeteee::No, Dantley was horrendous. My point is, Karl has only gotten us out of the first round once in 7 tries, and his coaching killed us in the WCF. We shoud've beat the Lakers if the guy could coach an inbound pass.  *And how 'bout that 6th game in Denver in the WCF? They threw in the towel in that one. In Denver!
.... Slurm soda::He was also inbounding with an almost 7 foot Odom standing in front of him, just a horrible coaching decision.
bearsbball12::It was Anthony Carter throwing the pass, but it was GK who had him on the court  throwing the ball in, which he had no business doing.
jayeteee::Have you ever seen how we usually fail coming out of time-outs? It hasn't been as bad lately, but against good teams, Karl always(well, almost always) gets out coached.
Judge Smails.::Players have to play, I could have sworn it was Anthony Carter throwing that pass.  (If you want to blame Karl for playing him I can see that, but don't really agree)
KCstills::if we get the 4 seed i guarantee a 1st round victory. past that, its a understatement to say i have doubts. lol
KCstills::i'd imagine we'd have golden state in the 1st round who we have owned. memphis would probably be a 50/50. but with us at home i'd take us.
JustineS04::We will be very lucky to beat Memphis.
IMnN32::If the Nuggets want to get really good they have about two options.  Sign free agents or somehow get really lucky in the draft.
KCstills::the chances of us getting a superstar or even star player in free agency is low at best. and the nuggets have been good in the draft but not really great. we will just have  to wait in my opinion.
IMnN32::yeah, until they get a lottery pick, when you have the 18th or 19th pick, there just isn't a star player for grabs.
KCstills::did the knicks pretty much steal our old 08 09 roster? lol whos next nene?
jayeteee::They're only 2 games better than the Nuggets, and after the first 15 games, the Nuggets are 5 or 6 games better than them.
KCstills::the NBA has become such a large marketed league. true superstars dont want to play anywhere but in the biggest cities. and the NBA unfortunately is one of the few leagues. where you usually have to have a superstar to win a title. its really become boring to know the heat, thunder, ect will consistently get there. seriously when can a team like denver break the barrier? the trend doesnt seem good for teams except for a selected few.
petersoncooper::Dirk was a superstar, his fade away jump shot may be the best ever.
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::And don't even try to say Thunder, big free agents dont go to OKC. They just go to LA, NY, and Miami
KCstills::he was a superstar back then.
jayeteee::So what's the attraction to OKC? :)
petersoncooper::They have the 2nd best player in the NBA in Durant and another top 10 player in Westbrook.
IMnN32::draft picks were the attraction.  I have no idea if the coach is any good, but when you have Durant and Westbrook out there I could probably coach that team and win a lot of games.
KCstills::jayeteee - So what's the attraction to OKC? :)  they got a rare player in durant. he doesnt have a big head like most of them do. i hate when he carves us up. but i can respect the guy. also it isnt far from home, he went to texas for college.
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::Well Dallas won it 2 years ago, but Dirk Nowitzki put that team on his back. You really do need a superstar
KCstills::hell no for a  pau gasol deal, the guy is playing terrible now. and while people could say its kobe or dwight. he is a far cry from 09 or 10 gasol.
KCstills::i like karl, until i know theres a guy that has proven he can win titles and is open to take a job like denver karl shouldnt be gone. karl is better than any other option except that.
IMnN32::I think thte one thing is that when we talk about playoff records, all the coaches you can compare him too that have coached that number of playoff games are incredible coaches.
IMnN32::I would too but the truth is I don't see Phil Jackson or Greg Popovich coming to coach the Nuggets any time soon.
jayeteee::I guess I'd like to see us get an incredible coach then.
jayeteee::I agree, a replacement has me stumped. But as a fan, I can vent my dislike for him. :-P
IMnN32::I've got a question would you take Jerry Sloan over GK?
Judge Smails.::But you can't think of anyone better, just want to complain.
jayeteee::That's your opinion. But it's also not true, I'm complaining w/ merit.
Judge Smails.::Karl is 2-1 in series where the Nugs have had home court.   You seem to want to blame him for the crappy job Dantley did while Karl was recovering from cancer.
jayeteee::Karl has only gotten us out of the first round once. PERIOD.
JustineS04::Obviously.
jayeteee::GK, prior to Denver, has gotten out of the first round seven of 12 times, but also lost in the first round as the #1 seed. LOL. He's not that good. PERIOD.
IMnN32::Also there were 14 years when Sloan didn't make it through the first round, or let alone make it to the playoff, and he never won a ring....
JustineS04::And the Nuggets are horrendous on D, and it's largely a coaching issue.
IMnN32::you gotta remember GK had no problem getting out of the first round until he came to Denver.
JustineS04::Gets out of the first round.
IMnN32::Explain y please.
Markiemormon::I see the white hype lit the world on fire again tonight... what was it... oh yeah 2 for 8 in 16 min for 5 points.  We won't say anything about what he gave up to the other team...  This is got to be the guy any franchise would build their team around... if HORSE is their game...
jayeteee::You talking 'bout Jimmer? LOL. Never thought he'd equate to much in the NBA myself. Barea has more upside.
petersoncooper::What's the deal with Iguodala?  Guy shoots 43% from the field, 61% from the line.  I don't think he is $ well spent.
smokeysaj::He can knock 3's down, but so can Chandler. I wish he would get played more now that he's recovered. They could put Iggy at the 2 like they did in PHI for some time and Chandler at the 3.  Lawson Igoudala Chandler Faried McGee  That lineup can outrun anyone in the league.
jayeteee::He has a pretty 3-pointer when he's on.
petersoncooper::I think he may have affected Lawson, having two pass first players on the court, Iggy almost plays like a PG
smokeysaj::It's well known that he isn't the greatest shooter, but many regard him as the best defender at his position, only 2nd to LeBron.
JustineS04::Here's what GK says, "People don't understand that he is a really good defender &amp; a very good playmaker."
KCstills::its called a work in progess.
JustineS04::He's looking better lately.
JustineS04::The deal is he's a solid shut down defender.
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::Is EdReynoldsF0rThorpe here?
jayeteee::I like what CU(Stanford) did to them Thursday night. :-P
KCstills::is he a ND fan?
KCstills::Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan - He's a Stanford Fan  lol  i remember him on the bama-nd board saying stanford should be in the title. that homer.
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::He's a Stanford Fan
.... Slurm soda::Don't think so.
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::I was about to bother him haha
Kyle Conway_Wisconsin Fan::Oh
