CosmoKramer1444::I always knew my boy Knight was great, but I didn't know he was going to be this NBA ready.
ozob007::ARE THE PISTONS THAT BAD?
DetKoolAid::yes, and missing several players because of injury...last night our point guards were brandon knight (rookie) and russel jr (a d-league call up)
screwford.....::there were 134 fieldgoals attempted there were 152 stoppages in play  damn the nba sucks
Deuce200361::Lawrence Franks is now 3-30 in his last 33 games coaching in the NBA.  His ROAD record is a dismal 2-28 coaching the Nets and Pistons combined.  It begs the question....HOW DID HE GET HIRED?!?  Detroit has new ownership and a young rebuilding team....why would you even consider giving a guy like Franks a 3 year deal with his record in the past.  In addition, team chemistry under this guy is pathetic.  How is this guy the chosen one to make millions rebuilding a team.  Dumars...WTF?!!
screwford.....::chill out dude,,,  even larry brown couldnt win with this garbage
BowFlexTCTGP::Bunk all that hype.. The 2nd best center in the NBA is Marc Gasol &amp; the best PF in the NBA is ZBo!!!!!
members_only_jacket::well said
gotigersmemphis87::The Grizz WILL be back in the playoffs!
travispsixnine::with the first pick in the 2012 NBA Draft, the Detroit Pistons select...........
Titans Yemen::lol
jfox82588::some horrible Center from Serbia Montenegro
tds2n::look out for memphis if they ever get Gay and Zbo on the court at the same time... smh.. They should have knocked out OKC last year. They'll be tough this year.
domcerqs04::I think there was 500 people there tonight. NBA is dead in Motown
royboy1978::If they win, they will come.  Look at what's happening with the Lions.  They were considered as "dead" in Detroit and now look at them.
sethbball20::The Pistons are the only team in the NBA that has yet to reach 100 points in a game this year.
grizz_nation_will_rise::Uh no dude... New Orleans hasn't put up 100 yet either.
gotigersmemphis87::Wow thats a sad statistic
FormerlyKnownAsSpartanNo8::To state the obvious, they're not a pretty sight. But they <i> did </i> have six straight eastern conference finals appearances in a row in in the last decade! (just living in the past)
gotigersmemphis87::Hell yeah Grizz, 5 in a row
Titans Yemen::Hell yeah Grizz da best.
shippmike91::THAT RIGHT
sethbball20::You know, Detroit does this every game. They hang in for 3 quarters and lose it in the fourth. But you know what? It's a young team. Keep getting young talent in and this franchise will be back in 3 years. Brandon Knight and Greg Monroe are good pieces, and I think Tayshaun Prince is doing a great job of teaching and leading these guys, a role he was unwilling to accept last year. Guys like Jason Maxiel and Austin Daye playing in the fourth won't cut it though. I'm optimistic and think the future is bright.
travispsixnine::Prince had no business being re-signed, especially for 4 years  Joe D is delusional
icuwoot::They didn't really hang in though, they were destroyed, then played better in the 3rd and fell back in the fourth again. There are a few pieces, but the team still needs a ton. Should have amnestied a player this year (Charlie) and drop the other one (BG) next year. That would have sped things up.
shippmike91::THE GRIZZLIES WIN!!!
royboy1978::Good effort Pistons fans.  GRIT N GRIND GRIZZ!!!!!!
shippmike91::AUSTIN DAVE SUCK
twincities39::Detroit biggest joke of a team and city.
AdAllDay87::Guarantee the bum has never even been to the city, it's sad the way people think of Detroit. It's a rough city but that doesn't mean it's a joke of a city
icuwoot::The city is fine, the team sucks. I like how you take your anger out at the team and city though, because you get owned by making a stupid bet. Deal with that fact and make better bets.
FormerlyKnownAsSpartanNo8::I've been to a soup kitchen in Detroit and they're honestly the most delightful bunch of people.
royboy1978::I've visited Detriot and I actually liked the city.
PATRIOTSRULE007::Whats the next bet? Clippers? Or Golden Stare under?
shippmike91::GRIZZ UP BY 21
Lordkrimson::Now thats comedy ! lol...
supervalue23::thanks for the update, wasnt sure what the score was on ESPN .COM
marcpru60::most, don't say all since have not asked all of them yet, of my friends stopped paying attention to pistons all with some type of "dumars made too many mistakes and now team a d-league team"... figured without zach though this would be win number four omg, getting whooped
tds2n::yeah, you fogot. rudy gay is back though.. they would have beat OKC if he weren't hurt last year
FormerlyKnownAsSpartanNo8::He tried too hard. Complaining about Flip Saunders not winning them NBA titles... now look at us.
PATRIOTSRULE007::Come on Memphis!!! Cha ching!!
shippmike91::GRIZZLIES MUST WIN THIS GAME!!!  OOOOOOKAY FANS.
tig105::detroit got no D?  pathetic
PATRIOTSRULE007::Come on Memphis ets go on a run!!! Daddy neeeds a pair of brand new shoes!!!
royboy1978::Grizz back up by 18.  I don't know why Coach Hollins took Tony Allen out of the game, but his defensive presence is a necessity to keep us in the game.
FormerlyKnownAsSpartanNo8::13.... that's the average amount of losses the Pistons would have for an <i> entire season </i> 8 years ago.
RipOnDetroitCityHaventHeardThat1B4::nice brick Daye, u piece of $@%!
RipOnDetroitCityHaventHeardThat1B4::great pass Austin "Useless" Day
AdAllDay87::3 pts a game
AdAllDay87::Austin day is shooting 20% on 3 pts again, useless is an overstatement. I swear some ball players are so lucky their tall because they have no talent
shippmike91::Detroit MUST LOSE THIS GAME
blackhawkshadnofansuntil2009::troll
royboy1978::We need to keep T.A. in for defensive purposes
blackhawkshadnofansuntil2009::walker russell got called up by the pistons? nice.
royboy1978::Don't care how many we win by, just want the Grizz to win.
FormerlyKnownAsSpartanNo8::What costs more, a Rebecca Black CD or Pistons tickets?
blackhawkshadnofansuntil2009::pistons tickets still expensive on stubhub
FormerlyKnownAsSpartanNo8::You'd think it they lowered the prices they would be able to fill the place up with at least 10K?
Lebronwadebosh6627::C'mon Memphis, you guys gotta clamp down on defense in the 4th quarter fellas! Fuccing pistons scored 35 points in the 3rd! That's fuccing inexcusable! Finish strong Memphis!
supervalue23::shut up
pistons6684::Pistons 1st half points- 30  Pistons 3rd quarter points-35
AdAllDay87::If they play with some heart the pistons can actually win this
Lebronwadebosh6627::C'mon Conley! Make ur fts dude. Let's go!
Qster15::Grizzlies suc.k... END OF STORY
royboy1978::These guys are professionals not amateurs.
Qster15::LOL.. that's the dummest comment.. runs only happen when you have BAD or NO defense. A bad team just doesn't shoot 80% in a quarter
shyness1996::That doesn't mean they suck. You suck End of your story
shyness1996::you will always suck
Qster15::This franchise will always suc.k.. way back to the Vancouver days.. they are cursed.
royboy1978::Basketball is a game of runs you idiot.
royboy1978::How so???
pistons6684::The Pistons are playing great basketball this quarter. Whatever changes coach Frank made in the locker room seem to be working.
mtsufan22::No its called Hollins resting his starters cause they have to fly home and play tomorrow. Grizzlies are much better than the pistons...Heck if they hadnt lost there best player they would not have had such a rough start this season...but wait they have won 5 in a row and are back on track....
Qster15::Looks like Pistons are going to score more pts in the 3rd compared to what they scored in the 1st half..  Grizz let this team score 23 pts on them in 8 minutes? that is SAD any way you spin it
royboy1978::Rudy hurt. Not good
Qster15::break something?
Qster15::This is why NBA is a joke.. team is up by 15 pts and they play no Def.. let the opposition scratch back slowly into the game. Heat are notorious for this.
royboy1978::Should have been a travel call on night.
asomugha43::20000 SPORTSWRITERS COMMENTING LIVE AT http://www.fancloud.com/nba/nbachat?utm_source=lemons&amp;utm_medium=lemons&amp;utm_term=lemons&amp;utm_content=lemons&amp;utm_campaign=lemons
WhatAmericaNeedsIsAShoutingEnergeticPresident::<b> RON PAUL FOR PRESIDENT</b>
Rhino5643::no
bconley144::I'm a Griz fan watching the game on League Pass.  I'm watching the Pistons telecast and I have to say, I like the Pistons announcers.  They call the game well and aren't lame homers.  They're giving Memphis their due credit.
yodaspeaks::The pistons need a pass first point guard BAAAAAAD.  The last thing they need another Russell Westbrook.
Rhino5643::that is two teams. Any team without a superstar point guard aka D. Rose and CP3 would
Grand212::So you are saying the Twolves would rather have Rubio than Westrbrook hahahahahahahahahaha.
Grand212::Ok that just means he passes more. Westbrook is the better player.
Grand212::So you are going to hate on Knight 15 games into his career. Let him play awhile first.
Rhino5643::I think any team would take another Russell Westbrook
knowlto::I see the Pistons are giving their usual effort out there.  So sad.
Grand212::Hey they try hard they just aren't that good.
tylerb1085::haven't been to a pistons game this year for obvious reasons. are they being booed unmercifully at all?
mtsufan22::Most teams have said that Memphis is a hard place to play...especially during the playoffs
mtsufan22::The past 3 seasons Grizz games are usually pretty loud because of good crowds...the town has really rallied around the team.
icuwoot::I don't think they should be booed. It's not really the effort on most night, it's just the fact that most of them just aren't good NBA players, especially in the roles they're being asked to play.
icuwoot::Yeah that's my worry as well. Frank will get tossed before he gets the chance to field a decent team. I really feel bad for him in this situation, but he accepted it. Hopefully he can pull off a miracle somehow before he's canned. Joe obviously likes to blame the coaches for the weakness of them team when it's been him. It's tough though, I mean I loved him as a player, and he pulled off a miracle building this team up the first time, but he just flat out hasn't got it done since. It's too bad, Joe is a great guy, it's just time to move on.
Grand212::Frank is fine just wonder how much of a chance he will get since Joe D loves to throw coaches under the bus.
icuwoot::Although I do think he made the right hire with Frank. He's a good coach, just doesn't have much of a chance with the roster he has.
icuwoot::Exactly
GloboChem79::I went to many Grizzlies games when they were awful.
royboy1978::Grizz have been competing with the Memphis Tigers in hoops.  Now both teams are on an equal playing field.  We also have the Redbirds in baseball, but they're a minor league team.
GloboChem79::True, but one has to support one's team, even in bad times. The Pistons are a proud and storied organization that deserve better.
tylerb1085::the grizz don't have a team to compete with in another sport (the red wings) that are infinitely better/more entertaining.
Grand212::There probably aren't enough people there for a loud boo because nobody goes and there is going to be a snowstorm.
royboy1978::We may be without Z-BO, but the Grizz are the real deal.  We had some problems at the beginning, but the team has finally come together.
mtsufan22::The Grizz are playing without ZBO...so the Bulls losing Rose should not be a problem
icuwoot::I do too, just want to point out that Detroit is so pathetic right now.
statebeatsolemiss::well we did beat the Bulls on Monday and they are very much an NBA team. I think we are the real deal as well.
royboy1978::The Bulls are supposed to be a top defensive team in the league.  They couldn't stop us
MississippiStateDawgs::H
Rhino5643::they beat the bulls without rose, not even the same team without him
icuwoot::I don't want to look like I'm attack the Grizz, as I'm happy to see them do well, but the the Pistons are flat out pathetic. I'm sure they are coming together, but take anything tonight with a grain of salt. They Pistons are barely a NBA team right now.
Grand212::They are good would like to see them vs OKC in the western conference finals.
GloboChem79::Grizz on fire!
