ryanspradlin::This game was a joke. Good win for the Nuggets considering they were getting attacked by the Thunder and the whistles all night. I saw Durrant (Who I think is amazing by the way) slap Brewers arm away, then come across and elbow Brewer in the head in the same five seconds and then go to the line to shoot free throws for doing it. It was literally the worst officiated game I think I've ever seen in my years watching the NBA. Fortunately, it did not affect the outcome, but the zebras certainly tried as hard as they could.
ThunderHornz::ThunderHornz - Seems like the night crawlers were out in force last night! Denver, I expected you to play like that in OKC. Saw some of your best games-you have some great pieces and I like to watch Faried play! Well played, good win! Good health to most of you Denver fans!  THUNDER! Posted this early-wanted to share it with more Nuggets fans.
Genghis Kittah::Alright all you dumbassss cow town inbred hicks the nuggets are the 6... 1,2,3,4,5,6 seed as of right now we are not on the outside sniffing the playoffs.
ThunderHornz::Aren't you cute sugar.
OklaSooners::Denver won congrats, the fouls were fouls no matter what. Officiating was bad both ways 4 carrying calls in the NBA! Denver did what they needed to secure a victory. The Nuggets are+3 points better at home vs the Thunder, the Thunder are +20 at home vs the Nuggets. Which gap seems more likely to close as the season progresses?
nuggetzalltheway23::Am i the only 1 who thinks Perkins shouldn't even be a starter for any team in the NBA?
ESPNisBSN3WS::no
Judge Smails.::I was at the game, and the Thunder fans near me cheered when he fouled out.
DENuggetz303::The Thunder are pathetic 48 FT and the Nuggets still pull it out love the heart Nuggets showed last night
coreyhend::Watching Ibaka slide about four feet and knee Brewer in the groin with a moving pick on the last play was hilarious.  I watched that replay five times with laughter.  It wouldn't have been so funny if Durant made that last shot...  This game was a little out of control to say the least.
ryanspradlin::You're going to complain about illegal screens after getting 48 free throws. You'd probably have been happy to just see the Thunder awarded the win without even having to play the game. Believe me, they tried to give it to the Thunder over and over. If Westbrook can take a three and fall down with Brewer nowhere close to him and get 3 free throws for it, then you got the refs on your side. Brewer was two feet away. If McGee can grab a ball that's is entirely outside the rim and get a goal tending call, you got the refs on your side. If Durrant can elbow Brewer in the face and go to the line as a result of contact that he caused... you've got the refs on your side. 48 FTs, there is no reason that should ever happen, let alone in a game where the Nuggets dominated the boards/points in the paint/and just about every other statistical category.
Aron3411::u realize like every screen in nba is illegal right?
cowboy.in.montana::if there hadn't been three illegal screens on three possessions against the thunder they get a W.  Some days the calls go your way some days not.  And pathetic, where do the nuggets stand right now and where are the thunder?  If #1 is pathetic what is #8?
Judge Smails.::Thunder fans seem to be unable to count.  You are at least the third one to say the Nuggets are in line for the 8 spot.
ESPNisBSN3WS::ibaka moved on the last one...no call
charlie hustle bets the over::the illegal screen calls were called correctly.  Perk was moving, which was westbrook's fault.  And sefolohoweverthefuckyouspellit was moving too.  Collison was moving, too.  Watching the ot replay on altitude right now.
nuggetzalltheway23::Your just mad you team lost even though you guys had 15 more fouls called for them then us. sounds like somebody's butt hurt.
charlie hustle bets the over::welp, refs did everything they could to give okc that game, served it up on a silver platter. Glad to see nuggs' determination.
cowboy.in.montana::except call three illegal screens in overtime to give the nuggets back the lead, really poor officiating all around, plenty went the thunder way and plenty went the other way.
Judge Smails.::Even the Thunder twitter guy on the right said all three were obvious.
pdiddy0622::Nuggets beat the Under + Refs Nice win Denver. Gotta address the free throw issues though, they are gimmes
FTLakerFan::21 free throws for Durant?  Talk about superstar treatement
Aron3411::why would they treat somone so they can win just to call illegal screen calls at the end. Use ur brain
Huert::That was a battle last night, i honestly think these two teams dont like each other. It was getting fiesty with the bigs and gaurds.
Young_Guruu::I don't think its possible to respect a team Perkins and Westbrook are a part of... Total d-bags.
ESPNisBSN3WS::theres no reason to complain anymore.. just accept the fact that when you play these teams, part of your gameplan is to play through the officiating
tcbriese::I was at this game.  Only reason it was close was because of "special" treatment for Durant and Westbrook.  Durant gets touched, its a foul.  Nuggets get mauled, keep playing.  They even gave Martin free throws when he flopped.  I thought some of the calls were downright bad calls.  Free-throw descrepency was high.  Thunder typically are really physical and get away with it.  NBA officials should go to the Special Olympics.  And yes, Westbrook is a baby/thug.  Doesn't get his way and he cries.  Gets his way and he goes into I'm so tough mode.  He's just lame if you ask me.
tcbriese::Martin is a perennial flopper.  Mental note to referees.
AmazinGrapeOKC::Faried flopped
Dean4260::3 offensive foul calls on screens? In a single OT period? I've never heard of that. That was the ultimate deciding factor in the game. Unfortunate. But it looks like we'll have a rivalry for some time to come after Perk &amp; Russ pulled stunts that no fandom would sit back and allow.
Genghis Kittah::Am I the only one that saw Perkins destroy brewer on Durants 3 at the very end? That 100% should've been another illegal screen
Pusherman3::Nuggets get called on that all the time.  Plus, the 2 plays after that Ibaka absolutely crushed the defender on the pick...leading to open shots...no call.  All is fair.   I think those calls were Westbrook karma calls.
CARDANGEROUS18::Westbrook = young infant. always crying about something.
Seskatchewan::Was he denied a 3 pt play with a second left in the game? Hard to tell
Pusherman3::Was Brewer checked into the third row by Ibaka, leading to a wide open three by KD?  Easy to tell.  KD makes that shot 50% of the time.
Da-THUN-Da::Congrats Nuggets. I knew this would be a game. Its hard to get up for EVERY game esp when you blow them out two games ago. Nuggets are too good of a team to not play your best
Da-THUN-Da::But please dont think the Nuggets would win a playoff series against OKC
Huert::Agreed, im a nuggs fan but there is no way we could go 7 with OKC, Spurs, or Clipps.
Pusherman3::You are right...nuggets can't shoot FTs or defend the 3...so they lose in a series with the Thunder.
Htownwolf::All the denver fans on this board talking trash make me laugh. OKC steamrolled your team acouple nights ago and u pull out a 3 point overtime win and think your somewhat the better team?
Seskatchewan::Perkins plays post defense, held Kasta Doofus and Javale Mcgee to 8 and 10 pts. (Both of which are well capable of more ppg.) Nothing is wrong with role players. LA Lakers have no role players and look how their doing. Teams built for 2k13 won't win without role players
Pusherman3::KK is okay but primarily a defensive player...a puppy dog could hold McGee to 4 points the last ten games simply by distracting him.  He has been terrible.
Pusherman3::That game was on the second night of a tough back to back for Denver, after an OT win the night before.  The Nuggets clearly didn't bring it that game.  Regardless, I don't think Denver fans think they have a better team. OKC clearly has a ton of talent and can play.  It is also a team built around the specific talents of drawings fouls and making foul shots and they do that very, very well.  Good for them because Denver can't make free throws to save their lives.     Also, Denver fans know that Westbrick is a d!ck and Perkins is useless.
Jenilyn7967::Condolence to Coach Brooks for loss of his loving mother
Pusherman3::Westbrick.
Pusherman3::Westdick.
nba is the worst::OKC gets to rest while the Clippers play a road game at GS tonight.  What a cake schedule OKC was handed
Shawn1807::Spurs have had a hella schedule so far at #2 SOS. All these wins should come in handy down the streach though.
mickey28227::lol. I love how your here just make stuff up!! Makes my day. Cake schedule...that's a good one!
Pusherman3::According to ESPN's SOS index, OKC has the 17th most difficult schedule.  Having said that, the first 13 teams listed with the most difficult schedules are ALL western conference teams, with only OKC and Portland out of the top 13.   So, um yea, compared to all other teams in the west, OKC has had a cake schedule with a lot of home games.   Nuggets are at 4, even with 17 of their first 23 on the road.
InTooDeep1984::Been following this online betting system called SportsBettingStar the last few months now.  Ive made around 2-3K per month by using the systems advice.
Lakers 2012 Champs no doubt about it::48 freethrows. Is that some kind of typo?  And they still lost. Hahaha
mickey28227::LoL you guys are funny!! Lebron has 8 seasons with 8 or more trips to the line per game and your freaking about KD and Westbrook this year!!!
Young_Guruu::Yeah well Lebron lives in the paint, KD is a shooter. HER DER.
WhatItTakesToWin1986::Been following a betting system called SportsBettingStar the last few months now.  Ive made around 2-3K per month in profits just by using the systems advice.  You will be able to find the system on the first page of Google when looking up Sports Betting Systems.
climb171::Nuggets = Real team basketball
CanYouDigIt1988::Been following this online betting system called SportsBettingStar.  I doubled my original balance my first month and made almost 3K during my second month using the system.
climb171::What about Faried representing Morehead state beasting.
nba is the worst::Westbrick making a strong push in bricks per game but still has aways to go for #1: 1. Kobe 11.78 .468 FG%  2. 'Melo 11.71 .460  3. Westbrick 10.95 .420  4. Love 10.72 .352  5. Monta 10.62 .400  6. Harden 9.98 .438  7. Felton 9.93 .396  8. Jennings 9.74 .407  9. Gay 9.59 .416  10. Aldridge 9.55 .465
climb171::Kenneth Faried working on almost a quadruple double.....beasting on OKC....sick baller.
gordontrue::Durant and Westbrook combine for 35 made FT, thats ridiculous
washheightsboy3::I haven't read the actual rules on fouls in a while.  It's a good laugh every time I read them.
BearJWS::Wow, Corey Brewer'ed...
SeanMulhern::Wow, so neither Thunder star had a temper tantrum in a loss?
TWizzle09::Westbrook did at the end. Watch the NBA.com highlights of the game.
Judge Smails.::If a Thunder star is going to pitch a fit it is a safe bet that it will be Westbrook.
dwighthowardsamazing::Shawn Marion that is how you win 8 against 5 in overtime
nba is the worst::Fun Facts:  That was KD's third game this season shooting 21 fts. Duh-wight (with teams fouling him intentionally) has just two.  Westbrick has taken 776 shots and made 327, missing 449.  Durant  has taken 758 shots and made 391, missing 367.  Brooks = genius
stairwell13::thanks for proving the refs are favoring Durant, even teams that are intentionally fouling a guy aren't sending him to the line as often as KD thanks to all the bailout calls on missed jump shots.
nba is the worst::He's up to 9.4 ftas/gm, behind Dwight's 9.5
ThunderHornz::Seems like the night crawlers were out in force last night! Denver, I expected you to play like that in OKC. Saw some of your best games-you have some great pieces and I like to watch Faried play! Well played, good win! Good health to most of you Denver fans!  THUNDER!
nba is the worst::!
jimburrowss88::Go Nuggets!   http://NuggetsHighlights.qr.net/readinfo
brandonstephensy::I wanta Lebron - KD rivalry in the new few years - NBA
Tommy72931::Looks like durant and westbrook were inspired by ChucKobrick's outing.  They didn't come close.  Pathetic attempt to copy a masterful 10/32, 26 pt, 6 TO performance.
LEBRONhairline808::If nuggets had gasol they would be a contender.. A good low post man that can pass to open shooters..
TWizzle09::McGee and Chandler for Pau Gasol? Hell no. Gasol is old and soft as hell. At least McGee has some potential. We all know Ill Will is nice. Not worth it for the Nuggets.
Alex47666::people that say we should trade chandler are stupid
Judge Smails.::I agree.  Trade McGee and Chandler.   Marc Gasol would be better, but that isn't happening.
mksatx::Anyway okc is a really good team.  Obviously.  And denver got some game too.  Except for some descrepancy in game totals this was a very entertaining game.  No matter what there are still a lot of games to be played.  Stan musial and earl weaver.... rip
mksatx::Yeah lebron was called for 2 fouls in a game a while back.   Man what was those refs thinking?  They should be fired.  Let's see those 2 plus lebrons other fouls this year is got to be nearing ten total.  I mean really lebron is fabulous.
mksatx::Good thing the league  caught the one  nba ref who was illegally betting on games he officiated.  Or was it the irs?  Man let's  give the refs a break.   How hard is it to get 3 refs who know how to be consistant and generic?    Turribly hard obviously.
BronyFan::Specially the kings they were robbed.
TWizzle09::Dallas got robbed 2006 haha. Cuban should have never pissed off Stern.
denverguru::That is bull, Iverson was a main target of that crook, and he played for the Nuggets when the guy got caught.
Dr. Chim Richalds OBGYN::only suns fans have a legit claim to always suspect the refs imo
Goldengun3865::The Kings you mean.
mcook813::Some of the calls Durant gets in particular are honestly a joke. I see other players driving hard in the paint 10+ times per game and not get the calls he gets. He's obviously under protection from the league, and it's despicable. I acknowledge he's an amazing player with a great shot, but an outside shooter getting to the line for 21 FTA in one game? Anyone watching the game knew this was completely one sided.
TWizzle09::Yea this game was meant for OKC to win. You should have heard the OKC fans near where I live. "This game was rigged for Denver. That wasn't an offensive foul at the end." haha. It clearly was a moving screen, AND they didn't even call the other O-Foul on Ibaka on the OKC play afterwards. OKC shot 48 FT's that whole game, while Denver shot like 32.. If anything, Denver, the team that leads the league in points in the paint, should be shooting that many FT's with as much driving to the goal as they do. But we all know the NBA is a superstar league.
No-account drifter::The worst was Westbrook's no-touch 3-point shot flop to get the cheap call on Brewer, though. Should be a fine for that one, but I bet it never even comes up. Plus side is that Brewer just upped his game even more in response.
epitome1986::not just this game, but in the last game against dallas he got 21 free throws as well.
Dr. Chim Richalds OBGYN::i still think it was completely pointless and douchey to block the mascot's halfcourt shots during the timeouts. westbrook is a dick.
denverguru::Raping that white chick got him a couple of boo's or should I say $@%!$.
Judge Smails.::I was at the game, the reaction was hilarious.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::Kobe's been booed before but that's just for being Kobe.
Dr. Chim Richalds OBGYN::lol he deserved it...the problem is, he thinks he "earned" it.
Judge Smails.::I've never seen the crowd boo Kobe or anyone else like that before.
Dr. Chim Richalds OBGYN::i guess he wants the crowd against him...he's a great talent, but what a mean streak.
Judge Smails.::You called it before.
Dr. Chim Richalds OBGYN::just...why do that?
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::just look at his face.  You can tell he's a dbag.
mksatx::Yeah that's  a lot of free throws no matter what.  Damm I'm glad they got rid of all that flopping by the way.   Will they notify us before the playoffs which rules they intend to keep a close eye on?
TWizzle09::Flopping is still going on. They have not gotten rid of it. They need to increase the fines. $10k is nothing for these superstars lol.
mcook813::LMAO 48 FTA we know which team is getting spoon fed wins by Stern.
DAnnyPrImetIme15::Its getting harder and harder to enjoy the NBA. Worst officiating in sports hands down and they play favorites with all the big market teams.
denverguru::Like OKC has a problem selling out games.  I don't like the team, but they have one of the best fan bases in the NBA, and it is better than the so-called Miami fan base by a large margin.  Hell, a large portion of the Miami Heats  fans don't even show up until the 3rd quarter.  Bleacher report that's a great source to use.
TWizzle09::Thunder are on their way to becoming a big market team. Kevin Durant is going to take them there too, and the NBA knows that.
stairwell13::LOL - Bleacher Report as a source?  BAHAHAHAHAHA - credibility gone.  Bleacher Report is full of college kids posing as writers.  Nothing but hacks.
Yup I am here.::Well, denver where is your source? How long has OKC had a team?
Yup I am here.::You, Bernie, brought up the Heat first
Yup I am here.::Insulted? And Miami Boy? My friend you have to grow up sometime. From ANY of my statements, please validate your claim. Show how I am a "miami boy"
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::uh oh, I think you just insulted Miami boy over here....
denverguru::Miami has a population of 408k, and OKC has a population of 591k.
Yup I am here.::lol. Categories considered in the rankings for Big/small markets (lower scores, meaning a higher ranking, are better):      Market Size     Fan Support (percentage of arena filled per game)     Future Market Growth     Team Heritage (franchise history, including years spent in market and playoffs/titles)     All-Time Winning Percentage     Fan Cost Index     Market Competition (considering other attractions and pro teams competing for dollars)  That's from bleacher report. It is not just population lol
Yup I am here.::OKC is not a big market team
stairwell13::-
LoveBasketball101::Loved the convo. I wish you two would keept it up, although Yup was destroying the other  guy.
Yup I am here.::lol so now you take my words literal and I am here telling you what I meant, but you wanted to tell me what someone else was saying? And he left so he couldn't explain.. Yet you did?   Where they do that at?  When I said first, you must know it was relative to you and this conversation.  Comedian you are. Please work on your craft to be the best jokester you can be.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::So you do not have a problem with MJ because you THINK he was the first? I was saying he was the first you saw. Can you comprehend that smart boy?  I call it like I see it  hahahah your idiocy is incredible.  Really, I can't believe a guy like you exists.  Thank you for doing my work for me hahaha.
Yup I am here.::How am I speaking for you? I call it like I see it
Yup I am here.::LOL, this from the person who uses inference? LOL indeed.  I was saying he was the first you saw. Can you comprehend that smart boy?  Oh now that you understand the game, what do you think of the calls the stars used to get in MJ's day?  What do you think of the calls MJ got?
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::lol so now you're speaking for me?  What you accused me of earlier?  Speaking of contradictions..  Btw, still waiting on when you started watching....didn't know it was so hard for you to answer..
Yup I am here.::I love the way you put it, but what you really meant was you are running because you have no leg to stand on and you are getting your head beat in with knowledge. Hard when you are alone hmm?  Lucky for you this was not in person.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::Hey, moron.  Learn to read.  I didn't say I thought he was the first.  I said he was the first "I've seen"....smh.  You really wonder why I call you an idiot?  Re-read.  Slowly.  Moron.  I didn't love it, I just didn't have a problem with it and I was younger.  Now I can appreciate the game more and seeing the calls today remind me of the calls in the past.  F*cking idiot.  Again, how long have you watched?  Still waiting dbag...
Yup I am here.::Wow. And you keep going...  So you do not have a problem with MJ because you THINK he was the first? Go look at Benard King, D. Wilkins, K. malone, M. malone..etc, I could go on.  Go look at their free throw attempts. THAT'S why your posts are trash because you hate the calls today, but loved them when MJ was getting them. Contradiction at its finest.  SMDH
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::Actually, using the same format to trash you is humorous.  I don't expect you to be able to understand.  "Learn" from you?  Sorry, I already encounter enough arrogant dbags daily.  I certainly don't need another one in my life.  Watch your own speech.  You don't really come off as being much better yourself.  Btw, how long have you watched basketball?  Nosiness deserves the same nosiness.  As for MJ, perhaps I don't have a problem with it as it was the 1st I've seen of it in the sport so no previous precedent.  Why exactly is my foul call issue trash?  Don't discard it just because you're incapable of formulating a thought.  Most foul calls are bogus.  You instead focused on a minor portion of foul calls by pointing out intentional fouls.  I find it tiresome to have to explain myself when it doesn't penetrate your thick skull so I'll stop.  I find that I'm lowering myself down to your level and that isn't good.
Yup I am here.::Why must you make yourself look worse? lol didn't you ever learn to be original?  Well at least you can learn from me. Use my style against others if you like.  I addressed this below and I will do so here:  How/Why do you have a problem with the calls today when MJ got more calls than all these players playing right now?  The rest of your post is trash and there is no need to acknowledge it
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::I answered below how long I've watched but I'll answer again here.  Since Jordan.  Is that long enough for you, you arrogant dbag?  How about you?  I'm not new to calls being unfair in the sport but I do see it as being worse than ever before.  Maybe you'll see that or then again maybe you won't.  I see that you completely avoided talking about the foul call issue I brought up.  Good job.  You wouldn't want to look even dumber than you already do.  As for being "angry"...hahaha...I didn't know just using the words "stupid" and "idiot" immediately make me angry.  You sure do love making assumptions.  Your arrogance is incredible.  "One who is stupid, is always stupid."
Yup I am here.::"One who is easy to anger, has the mind of a child"  (and online no less, lol)
Yup I am here.::lol, again with the names. I see you can't infer. Sure stupid is a descriptive title, but one could also consider it a bad name because of what it can mean. But keep them coming. You are only showing how old you are in the mind.  The only thing you are capable of is throwing out insults as if they matter online.  SMH.  Again, how long have you been watching basketball?
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::I call it like I see it, idiot.  I'm sorry you can't comprehend that.  I guess no one on the planet should use these words past a certain age?  Are you truly that dense?  Btw, stupid and naive are descriptions, not names.  Perhaps you can figure that out one day in the far future.    Repeating yourself does have something to do with your intellect when you use your reason as the only valid one while any other reason is not.  Since stars get majority of calls and the non-stars do not, your motto is to just go with it and instead of admitting that most foul calls are because of this, you instead choose to use the idiotic "they are hard to guard" reason.  Do you see the problem here?  Truly slow as molasses.  God help you.
Yup I am here.::lol Um repeating myself means I am driving a point home. Hopefully you would get the message. That has nothing to do with one's intellect.  LOL, stupid and naive? Look, those names mean nothing online. Only to children. Second flops are not really called on anyone this year. Meaning many still get away with them. Not just the stars. If you watched some games maybe you would see that. How long have you been watching the NBA?
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::And Intelligence? Man, please stop. You have displayed none what so ever   yes, this coming from the guy who has repeated the same "they are hard to guard" reason multiple times like a broken record as the reason they get so many calls.  It's like it never occurred to you that they shouldn't be getting many of the calls they get.  The fact that you don't agree with scrubs getting called for flops while the stars don't just confirms how stupid and naive you are.
Yup I am here.::Again you are taking his quote and making it your own. Start your own thread. He said ALL big market teams. Not big names
Yup I am here.::OKC is not a big name. They are known because of a big name. And one could "infer" that you were talking about single players with BIG names like Durant, but I digress...  The Heat play in a larger market than OKC so your point is moot. And Intelligence? Man, please stop. You have displayed none what so ever  You are a comedian though
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::no, I'd just like to be able to talk to someone who has some intelligence.  Not that much to ask for but apparently in your case it is.
Yup I am here.::get certain concepts? Stop before you hurt yourself. People sure like to seem as though they are professors online, lol
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::where did I say anything about players?  OKC is a team, a big name. Just as the Heat are a big name.  Shall I go slower?
Yup I am here.::But since you all want to play let go:  Take a look at his statement again....  "All the big Market Teams". Understand that he was grouping all the teams together that are considered big market teams. In his statement he was not including individual players.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::never mind.  I can see from this thread and the other one you don't really "get" certain concepts.
Yup I am here.::and now the insults come. They mean nothing though on here
Judge Smails.::You give him too much credit.
Yup I am here.::lol, infer? No, when you say big-market you cannot get big name player from that
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::you can infer can you not?  You think of a big name when you think OKC..
Yup I am here.::so you are speaking for him now? You a soothe-Sayer? I go by what he said. I don't know what he meant besides what he wrote
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::he also means big names.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::couldn't agree more.
Chargers_4_Sale::Refs gave the Nuggets the game. All the crying in the arena.
vap88::deav- Brewer was awesome. nice to see the Nugs recover from the loss to the Wizards.
denverguru::It was fun watching Westlips crying for a foul at the end, but the best part of that episode was watching Brewer tell him to shut the F up.
Judge Smails.::Take a look at the free throw differential.  And Denver was the team that scored 30 more points in the paint.
Yup I am here.::Serious? Man go to sleep
.antistratfordian.::"Miami provided the NBA with a not-so-friendly reminder: The Heat is still the league's best team, thanks largely to the unconquerable King James."  -Ben Bolch, LA Times, Jan 19, 2012
Judge Smails.::Scrubs flop but they don't get the call.
Yup I am here.::what? yeah right
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::more like the unconquerable foul calls going against Heat opponents.
LoveBasketball101::Damn, Yup you have to do him like that?
Yup I am here.::Profanity? Again you show your age. Seasoned individuals know what I mean. I am not talking about profanity. Your speech in its totality gives you away.  I will give you one example, the rest you have to figure out on your own:  You said you hate most of the calls these superstars receive. ANY basketball fan who has been watching for a while knows that this has always been the case. MJ got plenty MORE calls than ANY star today.  Facts.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::Boy, you must live in some fantasy candy land where no one around you ever uses profanity.
Yup I am here.::LOL, go look at MJ's free throw numbers youngster. Take a look at those and tell me if ANY player is getting that many calls. Why do you not have a problem with the calls MJ received?   Your speech gives you away. One could easily tell you have not been watching since MJ by the way you talk(write). If you did, though I doubt it, you are contradicting your own statements because MJ got way more calls than any of these players.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::LOL.  Since when do you have a monopoly on smh?  You arrogant $@%.  I've watched since the Jordan days.  These calls are worse than ever before.  How long have you watched, boy?
Yup I am here.::I love being a role model. Be original bub.  I keep asking you when did you start watching the NBA, but to no avail.  And on Durant's free throws? I am just looking at a number. I didn't watch the game. If you recall I got on you because you were talking about the Heat, but they don't get the calls like OKC
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::sure, they can miss a few calls.  Only human.  But this much disparity?  Far too often to point to actual evidence?  My turn to SMH.  Btw, what are your thoughts on the amount of free throws Durant got tonight..
Yup I am here.::lol, so you think only stars get the calls. I see you do not research. Go take a look at free throw attempts, buddy. Sessions and Lebron get just about the same amount of calls.  You fail to realize it is tough to call fouls. If it is easy go apply for the job, SMH
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::gee, I didn't know calling actual plays properly (which is part of the job) was so difficult.  It really must be difficult for them to only call the fouls for anyone but the stars.
Yup I am here.::lol and you seem to not understand how hard it is to officiate to everyone's liking. Stop being subjective. Even if you yourself were out there SOMEONE would have a problem with what you were doing and how you made calls.  With that said, how long have you had this problem with the NBA? This is not new as i said earlier. And they don't get the calls every single time. But I stand by what i said.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::why do you keep going back to stopping players?  I'm not even talking about that.  Yea, skills differ per player and fouling a guy to stop him happens.  But not every single time like you're making it out to be.  I'm talking about the majority of the time where the star gets a free pass.  Again, they're not some invincible people that HAVE to be fouled every single time...not sure why you don't get that.  Bball would be a lot better if calls were actually made properly.
Yup I am here.::lol you don't say.   So have you had this problem for a while now? I mean this is not new. But those "lesser" names are not as good as the stars and they can be stopped more easily
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::??? I don't think it's hard to call a foul when a player drives to the basket and gets hit.  But somehow the "lesser" names don't get the call while the "bigger" names get them.  These are the fouls that these elite teams get that isn't right.  Close games will be lost automatically thanks to the fouls so outright victories have to be won to beat these elite teams.  Like that's gonna happen.
Yup I am here.::lol since when have scrubs gotten the same calls as the Superstars? That's why they are stars. They are harder to stop. You think it is just as hard to stop Corey Brewer as it is Durant? And I use that as an example
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::the point I'm making is the same calls aren't being made for superstars and young guys.  Superstars get every single call and then some.  The other guys don't even get half the calls.  In other words, they don't even get the average number of calls.  It's not right.
Yup I am here.::Scrubs flop too. That's not the point I was making. Even if you get rid of that they are still tougher to cover than your average NBA player.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::that's only half the story.  By now, the superstars have become masters at flopping/acting/getting cheap calls.
Yup I am here.::It is hard to guard superstars. That's why they are the best pf the best. Most times you have to foul to even consider stopping them. Whole different level.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::but seriously, these teams are good enough as is.  No need to stack the deck even more by giving them free throws and opposing teams racking up fouls.  It's disgusting.
Yup I am here.::Oh. It seemed you were only putting the Heat out there. But OKC gets more free throws
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::like the guy as a man and a player, dislike the foul calls he gets as well as Lebron, Kobe, Wade, etc get.  Along with schedule imbalance, it's destroying the league.
Yup I am here.::Did you see the Heat still beat OKC while OKC got double the free throw attempts Miami got?
Yup I am here.::I know you are  not a Durant fan
