chris johnson 558::jj redick was playing great for us start him and give him a 30 min per game and you will see what he can do
d_bokk::I've wanted Monta/Redick to start for a while, hopefully the team suspends Jennings tonight so we can see it for an entire game.
PHLYGUY555::CrewDeBrew22 honestly, Pennsylvania is the worst place to live for sports. their NFL teams suck, their MLB teams suck, and their NBA team sucks. What do they have to live there for?   Still bitter about 08, or the fact Braun is a Fraud and brewers are going nowhere in the foreseeable future?
claybertran::What do they have to live for in Penn??  Fat Chicks and that upcoming Paterno movie starring Al Pacino as Joe-Pa....."WHHHOOOO--AHHHH!!!!!!!!  What were ya doin' in that shower Jerry!!!  WHOOOOOOO--AAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!"  Oh and they also have Cheesesteaks.....  Did I mention the FAT CHICKS??????
Milwaukee Bucks...::i might be the lone bucks fan who still supports brandon jennings
Triiviium::I still do
d_bokk::Jennings is a locker room cancer
boudz::Yeah. I honestly won't be sad to see him go. At all.
Milwaukee Bucks...::i will only because he has been on this team for 4 years
HotdogSalesman2012::dougie and spence team up to make life more miserable for sixers fans.
Texans1095::check it out!! http://austinsmithwnis.blogspot.com/2013/03/2013-mlb-predictions.html
Beanslams46::Sixers, are you going to make the playoffs without Bynum? -- PLAYOFFS!?...PLAYOFFS??!!?? .....PLAYOFFS!!!!!!!!??
CrewDeBrew22::LOL no.
CrewDeBrew22::looks like the cHeat bandwagoners were so pissed off, they had to come troll every board...
lebronjames646::dang the bucks suck
Broken j::So does Lebron's mom  - Delonte West
squiddy45::Im going to say this once again...Bucks fans, you are going to hate brandon jennings very soon. He is trash, i didn't think boylan had it in him (skiles definitely did not). Monta stepped up and became the leader of this team in the second half, and hopefully he will think about resigning with milwaukee. Jennings, i cant wait for you to return to the bradley center in a different uni, Im definitely buying tickets for that game.
Broken j::I hated him when Stephen Jackson was on the team. I think he was a bad influence on Brandon.
CrewDeBrew22::NEWS FLASH!  we already hate Brandon Jennings
colobr731::Most bucks fans that actually watch games have hated Jennings for the better part of a year now. I know some that have never even remotely liked him, only casual fans who just sometimes see a box score of him scoring 30 think he is good and like him.
d_bokk::I've hated this guy for months now.  I can't believe he sits there and degrades his entire team because the whiney little girl got benched in the 4th. 17 minutes,  a plus/minus of -25 and this as.s clown thinks he deserved to be in the game?
jpeagle33::we need tobais harris back
d_bokk::Should have traded Jennings instead.
squiddy45::Tobias is screaming "suck on this" at Scott Skiles
Bucks_fan_for_real.....::The whole Bucks team is saying that.
notoriouspig15::Is there any way the league would just let us forfeit against Miami?
-----Milwaukee Bucks-----::Jennings is terrible.
Brewcrewtilldeath20::I think that's the most pathetic game I've personally seen the Bucks play this year.  How does an NBA team turn the ball over 5 times IN A ROW off A TIMEOUT in 2:00.  That's absolutely horrendous for this time of year.
ADBeady::"FINE, you guys can have the 7 seed" -Celtics "No, it's aiight, you guys take it" -Bucs
CrewDeBrew22::AAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGHT!!!!  Sounds like a battle cry :)
CrewDeBrew22::Shear the Deer:  the new motto of the Milwaukee Bucks
Broken j::More like rear the dear.  -Miami Heat
CrewDeBrew22::I say shear, because that is what the teams do.  they come in with the razors blazing, and cut through us like we are just another obstacle in the way of their seed in the playoffs
Broken j::*deer
phillyman08::If there was another 2 weeks on the season I could easily see the sixers having a legitimate shot to take over the bucks 8th seed but there's simply not enough time left. Anyways, it's the heat and a 4 game sweep in the first round anyways so who really cares ahhaa
korn7860::Glad to see that the Bucks continue to beat themselves.  Honestly, this losing streak reminds me of the 76ers last year, just kept on losing, and losing, and losing, letting the Bucks get into the race.  In the end, Rose gets hurt, and 76ers beat the Bulls, so though we have something to worry about as Bucks fans, lets just enjoy the playoffs when they get here, this team has a solid young core in the paint, and will have a solid amount of cap room this off season. I know I am excited for the future.
CrewDeBrew22::really Bucks...?  I don't know what is up with you right now.
Broken j::Just jennings thinking stupid. If I play like crap, hopefully the bucks won't match the four year 24mil contract Dallas is going to give me.
osocold707::Jennings + Ellis=?
Broken j::Yin and yang. Lol
WiscoMase23::celtics won lol. bucks are doomed for the 8th
TheFeedMachine::The 76ers decided that losing games and getting better lottery odds was not worth it. They would rather win games and lock themselves into 30-35 wins a year.
potato623::F### off 6ers
CrewDeBrew22::honestly, Pennsylvania is the worst place to live for sports.  their NFL teams suck, their MLB teams suck, and their NBA team sucks.  What do they have to live there for?
TitleTownUSA25::Wow Jennings -25 in 17 Mins. I think I could do better than that.  Hopefully this means he is not returning to MIL next year
Votto4mvp005065::the bucks suck
Taysuan22::what happened to jennings???????
g18247::Jennings is still everything that is wrong with the Bucks, get rid of him, please good get rid of him. NO MAX CONTRACT EVER!
mvc123123::he has not been the best player on the court all year
TCIIIyeee::he played terrible...you score 0 points in 17 min..you dont deserve any more
Taysuan22::hes had terrible first halfs then bounced back greatly in the second half, have you watch there games?
Taysuan22::i mean tonite why only 17 minutes
CrewDeBrew22::obviously, you two were not here for the game, where jennings absolutely sucked, and boylan finally made a good decision
thehotguy11::right, I don't get it.. He's a good player, been the best player on the team in my opinion all year
TCIIIyeee::hes an average pg at best
larry sanders the sultan of swat::Bucks will get swept by miami Bucks will get another mid round useless draft pick Tobias harris will become a star Jj reddick will leave Monta ellis will leave Bucks won't match jennings offer sheet Kareem won't become head coach And the bucks will continue being... the bucks
g18247::sad but true, in all honesty, losing Jennings, Ellis and JJ might help the bucks long term. Cap room and one bad year for a high draft pick that we wont use on the next BOGUT.
CrewDeBrew22::who the hell are you to talk?
larry sanders the sultan of swat::Lol, he's 20 and he never got a chance. He's very athletic reminds me of Paul George.
WiscoMase23::good lord. horrible comparison
Schmedes85::Tobias Harris is a scrub.  Other than that, I agree
larry sanders the sultan of swat::This is the nba, where josh smith is potentially going to sign a max contract, and joe johnson did, and Jeremy Lin makes over 8 mil per season. I'm pretty sure Monta can find more than 11 mil per
TCIIIyeee::Monta will prob stay..he wont get 11 mill anywhere else
TCIIIyeee::Bucks will Sign and Trade...i think as we saw tonight..they are ready to part ways with BJ
WiscoMase23::#3 will not happen
TCIIIyeee::Hard to win games when your "STAR" player has 0 points and has to ride the bench for an entire half....that being said..im glad Boylan did it...BRANDON..YOU SIR..ARE A CANCER..either play the right way..or get OUT
J-Tjuan::I agree, before he runs away the decent role players the Bucks have and Sanders.
zracer47::yay, we won.  go to the 7th seed baby.
zracer47::celtics still losing too.
WiscoMase23::you are stupid
sonofben91::I HAD THE UNDER. CANNOT BELIEVE IT HIT. SHIIITTTT SONN!!!
xkizarux::Ilyasova screams like a girl every time the ball is near him in the paint.
J-Tjuan::Maybe Jennings should be benched for the rest of the season.  The starts are just horrible in these games.
Yaboyflyguys623tho::why do you do this to us sixers
larry sanders the sultan of swat::This bucks team is so pathetic
buckspackers23::Boston is getting killed too..
buckspackers23::"We want big macs"  Such an American chant.
phillyman08::You're just upset the 15 games under 500 beat you pretty easily
IggyIsClutch::Lol
DENIMCHlCKEN::BIG MACS FOR ALL AND A W
bdsmrk::So we've lost 9 games to the wizards, 6ers, Cavs and bobcats this year.....   Sadly we'll still make the playoffs...
CrewDeBrew22::thats how bad the East is
buckspackers23::That's the best way to tank. Hold a guy before the ball gets inbounded.
ac2830::shut up.
J-Tjuan::Collins clearly thinks the 76ers can make the playoffs.
aw738494::maybe he should have thought that when they had a chance
xkizarux::Last five minutes of this game, worst offense for the entire season so far.
xkizarux::Considering every single team.
mtcunning3::Holy sh*t these teams are awful.  Just awful.
IggyIsClutch::Why are u watching then
IggyIsClutch::Yeah I'm the idiot...ok genius
mtcunning3::Lol, youre an idiot.
IggyIsClutch::If its awful then don't watch. Simple as that
mtcunning3::Because I'm a Bucks fan?  Doesn't mean I don't call awful when I see awful.
IggyIsClutch::Why do people keep asking the same question?
SEMM_18::Sixer fans booing because they are winning LMAO
aw738494::are they really booing in the stadium? i would love to see that
IggyIsClutch::No they want Big Macs  They can't if they don't score 100
CrewDeBrew22::Ah,  here's what happened.  the Wells Fargo Center accidentally got the cHeat's refs, and the United Center got these refs.  lots of confusion in both places.
DENIMCHlCKEN::Daaamn not a good night to have Spence on the bench in my fantasy basketball playoffs
b.fochs::*double sigh*
buckspackers23::Sanders basketball IQ is dropping every game.
ac2830::he has a little case of Demarcus Cousinitis at times
J-Tjuan::Sanders, this is not the time for Larry to shoot.
