JRPH223::Wizards and Raptors are horrible. Raptors lost to Wizards so are they the worst team?
TimClip::Vinnie has the player rotation figured out. Mo is a shoot first point guard. Better served coming off the bench, where he can hoist up as many touches as he'd like. Not really suited for the starting line-up. His handles tend more towards costly turnovers vs the better point guards of the league. CP3, and C-Bill can control the ball much better. Mo is a scorer, great change of pace player, a hard guard for back-ups, the perfect secret weapon for the Clips.On another note, its kinda nice to get some consistent production this year from the 3 spot this year as well. Caron and Gomes are working out much better than Gomes, Aminu, and Moon from a year ago. Like Mo Will, Gomes is better off the bench too.
Rolltide4203::one of the dumbest things ive heard.. mo rarely turns it over.. and is better in every area than billups who is probably the worst player on the team. Mo is a great passer.. honestly it seems that he looks to pass to much sometimes. billups is a humongous ballhog and sucks in every way
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Last night was more proof that Lebron makes his teammates better. Mo Williams learned how to be a closer by Lebron constantly defering to him in the 4th Quarter while they were in Cleveland.
PortlandBlazers1004::385 posts? LMFAO!
gerald_5::question:  who out of these 3 took 30 shots tonight?  a) lebron  b) kobe  c) pierce  clue:  he's not a choke artist, and likes white girls
DIN41::$@%!$@%! lakers $@%!$@%!
gerald_5::what do lebron james and miami have in common??  you can abbreviate both with MIA
LakerSince90::http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1021224-lob-city-clippers-wont-live-up-to-lofty-expectations
PortlandBlazers1004::For some reason I just don't like Blake. I just feel like gingers don't have a place in this league.
gerald_5::clutch moments:  cundiff&gt;&gt;lebron
Clipshow07::Btw, do we all realize the Clips have played a total of 4, that is right 4 road games this year so far. Other teams have played 10. We better get healthy REAL quick!!!!!!!!
nickf1190::why didnt mo start playing like this years ago?
Rolltide4203::well he was great in the reg season for the cavs and has always been one of the better pure scorers in the league but he is even better right now.. hes a very under rated passer as well
Clipshow07::He's probably on roids, I mean he had a new trainer this summer. Dang, it's working good!!
Clipshow07::Where would we be without Mo $???? The guy is unreal. Guess the offseason training really helped him as he claimed he was in the best shape of his life coming into this season. 17 points to start the 4th?? What an absolute BEAST!! What is that 4 consecutive games coming off the bench with 25+ points. If he keeps this up he is the lock for the 6th man of the year! I see Blake continued his embarrassing FT performance (6-14), what a joke!!
Rolltide4203::to me westbrook is the best but him and rose are in a league of their own scoring wise and overall those 2 and paul are all so damn good
Rolltide4203::well the .539 may go up b4 it drops the way hes shooting.. im not saying he will shoot 55 percent all year but i would be willing to bet some serious money he shoots over 50 for the year.. hes been playing as good as nyone in the league lately. after westbrook and rose he is the best pg scorer in the nba
Rolltide4203::He is unreal.. He really is one of the best in the league.. Harden likely will be his competition for 6th man of the year.. both harden and mo are two of the top 15 or so players we have in the nba right now. Its unreal that ur best pure shooter/scorer doesnt start over one of the worst starters in the league right now.. billups ofcourse he has been horrendous this year. Mo is like top 5 in the league in fg percentage and hes a 5 11 guard.. that is beyond incredible
Clipshow07::He's shooting at a .539 clip right now! That is nuts! That will obviously drop but let's hope he keeps it up. Chumpy and Foye are shooting a dismal .350. That is awful, not to mention Blake Griffin's .500 and getting worse FT %!!!
CoryWizenberg93::Mo is playing like he is trying to get shipped off the team. Good for his trade value.
Rolltide4203::whos an idiot?
Rolltide4203::i wouldnt trade him right now unless u got lebron durant westbrook or rose for him haha
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::idiot
sportspotpourri::Did Bargnani get abducted or something? because he is nowhere to be found in the boxscore at all. Not even a DNP
Scalabrine4Prez::he got a sex change and doesn't play bball no more. His new name is Khloe Kardashian
lob_angeles::What happened to Cuttino Mobley?  Did he like retire of something? :)
GermanKlippa::Da Cat will light it up against the lakers for sure........
jrock2103::What happened to Amir Johnson? Did he get hurt?
25chiefs25::mo williams should start
CoryWizenberg93::i agree
Rolltide4203::best scorer on the team no doubt
AchPHLEGMed::mo williams should start suc king it up !!!!
AchPHLEGMed::Is Kobe afraid of Raja Bell ?
gerald_5::clutch moments:  cundiff&gt;&gt;lebron
AchPHLEGMed::Love is Clutch !!!
TimClip::Mo is perfect where he's at, coming off the bench. Don't upset the apple-cart.
AchPHLEGMed::Mo came up short when he was most needed in Cleveland !!!
Jthizz69::The reason Mo is putting up all these points is because he is coming off the Clips otherwise hapless bench. When Mo comes in the game, he pretty much has the green light to shoot all he wants. So when he's shooting well, against the opponents bench defense no less, he can keep shooting and rack up 25+. But if Mo were in the starting lineup he would get fewer touches and would have to guard the other team's 2. Can you imagine Mo Williams trying to guard Kobe? Unfortunately, the Clips don't have a true SG, and Foye isn't quite as good as Mo or Billups, so you have to go with the bigger, stronger, more experienced Billups in the starting spot. Mo will flourish in this bench role, so he better keep embracing it.
Rolltide4203::How can u defend billups? he has been god awful and i am being nice
Rolltide4203::dont diminish what hes doing.. hes not playing against the other teams 2nd string lol.. he plays most of the time hes playing against their best players no one can guard him bc hes so quick and has such a quick release. if u get out on him he will beat u to the goal and or get fouled.
Rolltide4203::mo would not guard kobe.. butler would.
AchPHLEGMed::RAJA BELL WOULD !!! HAHHAHA
Jthizz69::fewer touches man. it's Chris Paul's team. Also Mo is a terrible defensive player, he gets beat all the time. The few steals he gets don't make up for it.
Rolltide4203::seriously dont know what ur talking about. Hes a great defensive player- extremely quick takes charges steals the ball and guards very well
Rolltide4203::its no ones team. its the clippers and they are a team.. actually paul is unselfish and would get him the ball a lot. would get easier shots the more he played with paul. def a better scorer than paul and paul knows that- paul would get his but would make sure their best scoring guard, and best scorer period got a lot of touches
Rolltide4203::what? mo would score like that regardless. I would bring him off the bench bc there are no other good bench players but he is 100 times better than billups and a great defensive player.. the reason hes scoring so much is bc hes hitting his shots.. its not like hes shooting 25 to get 25.. hes shooting 65-70 percent.. and 55 for the year which is better than most pfs and centers.
Rolltide4203::Im talking about his shooting being as good as big mans percentages.. 5 foot 11 guards arent supposed to shoot 55 percent from the field. that is phenomenal.. my point is hes shooting as good as ur dwight howards and hes shooting jumpers. that says how good he is
AchPHLEGMed::" Huh ? what ? are we talkin 'bout the same Mo here ? When did he ever become a center  or PF ? why are you comparing him to Centers and PF's ?
AchPHLEGMed::What he said !! Good job
chi town 69::Aldridge &gt; Griffin
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Griffin's game really isn't impressive at all. His athleticism is the only think going for him. He is a horrible defender
gladiator8six6::FOOL!!
AchPHLEGMed::Aldridge &lt;&gt; Griffin
lob_angeles::Whats with Blake?  He's the best player that can play right now but he's not really contributing like I thought he would be.  18 points and 9 rebounds is good...but I want to see a 30 point effort.  He should be able to dominate in a game like this.
crawnjc1982::look at all the centers in the league man. Besides him and dwight howard, who by the way schooled bynum....i cant think of anymore all star centers and yes bynum is garbage, plays well against soft opponents but doesn't show up for the big contests
Rolltide4203::well there are other good center scorers.. actually monroe is awesome.. bargnani lopez when healthy. gortat great center
Rolltide4203::lol seriously bynum garbage? i mean hes not the best player in the league but if hes garbage then 85 percent of the league is garbage
crawnjc1982::yup lack of any very good big men in the league these days playing the center position.
crawnjc1982::thats a shame because bynum is absolute garbage, what happend to the western confrence?
JamalMAllen::Bynum is absolute garbage? Look, I hate the Lakers as much as anyone, but Andrew Bynum is sure not garbage. He's the second best center in the league and has a pretty developed post game.
Rolltide4203::well mo is the best pure scorer they have so when hes in they should run things through him
Rolltide4203::I dont believe he shoots to much either.. most of the time he never forces shots- hes a great passer too. he usually lets the game come to him unlike billups who forces shots outside of the offense
JamalMAllen::You say that while he's in the midst of a hot streak but as soon as he goes 7 for 20 you'll say he's shooting too much. Not many teams have a dominating force down low. Clippers need to take advantage of Blake's presence. Draws fouls, takes high-percentage looks, good passer out of double-teams...
Rolltide4203::well obviously they should get both of them a lot of touches.. but mo is a much better scorer than griffin for their positions.. hes shooting better percentages and hes a 511 guard.. one of the best pure shooters scorers in the game
JamalMAllen::He's hot right now. He's shooting like Terry in last year's finals. He will eventually cool down at least a bit. You'd be a fool to not run your offense through a legit post player.
JamalMAllen::So you want him to take twenty shot attempts every game? Jordan scored 16 and Williams scored 26. His teammates were playing well, there was no need for him to dominate the ball. He contributed well, nothing wrong with the performance.
spencerob745::missed eight free throws, improve his free throw % and there u go
AchPHLEGMed::aldridge
Rolltide4203::no hes a PF no doubt. not even close to a center. howard is the center
spencerob745::whoops my bad jamal
spencerob745::i could be wrong but wanna say andrew bynum
JamalMAllen::Bynum
crawnjc1982::so who would play center i was under the impression aldridge was starting @ C
spencerob745::negative
spencerob745::aldridge as well
Rolltide4203::aldridge
crawnjc1982::* i meant in the all star game
crawnjc1982::I wonder who the starting PF is gonna be? People would be stupid to pick Gasol over my boy Griffin
gerald_5::when is cp3 returning??
JamalMAllen::Wednesday against the Lakers
NoChorus12::Sigh, the losing streak continues.  Maybe I can hope for a good draft pick
JamalMAllen::A good draft pick is a forgone conclusion every season for the Raptors. The key is what they do with it.
TimClip::Stop banging on Billups, its a team effort.  14 assists is nothing to sneeze at.  Mo-Will and Billups have different roles, you expect Mo Will to shoot every touch. Billups has to get everyone involved. Imagine if DeAndre came out like Michael Olowakandi, and wanted a gazillion touches, to try to get points with limited offensive game.  I like that Del Negro has these guys playing and understanding their roles. If Olowakandi had tried to just rebound, and block shots, he would have been in consideration for the All-Star game, like Jordon.  Billups and Mo Will understand what role they play, and its working. Stop trying to draw comparisons, because they play different roles for this team.
Rolltide4203::lol what? billups is the biggest ballhog in the game right now.. this was his first good assist game of the year.. mo is a million times better passer than billups.. more assists this year in quite a few less minutes-- 1-9 is horrific and hes a horrific shooter this year.. mo is better in every area.
OFrog::The Kandi man considered an All Star, please stop posting now.
TimClip::Had kandi played to his strengths, which are rebounding and blocks, similar to Jordan, he would have gotten some consideration, similar to Jordan. Never stop posting son! Kandi wanted touches,  that should not have been his role. Billups is a solid 2 guard, especially next to CP3. Mo should not start with this line up, he shoots it too much.
Andrew43598::Ron Paul 2012!
cein39::screw billups and griffin...mo is carrying all the weight for the clips
GermanKlippa::Ugly game....only thing that does matter here is the "W" for the Clips. Besides, I really do hope that CP3 will be abck on Wednesday vs. the lakers.......  Go CLIPS.....!!
Rolltide4203::mo is probably the best pure shooter in the nba.. seriously ur an idiot.
darrend3::Billups is substantially better than Mo Williams
Rolltide4203::dumbest statement of all time.. wow. dont even know what to say to that
OFrog::was.
GermanKlippa::On a last note: Don´t forget the big game on Wednesday......)
GermanKlippa::He pulled the trigger vs. Dallas at least....that´s what I mean..... Anyways, I am out of here.....  Go CLIPS !!
Rolltide4203::my main problem with him is he misses everything and normally is the biggest ballhog in the game
Rolltide4203::I mean whatever but hes $@%!$@% terrible.
GermanKlippa::Well, I still like billups in crunch time situations......
Rolltide4203::hes god awful. the difference between mo and billups is like the difference between lebron and deshawn stevenson
GermanKlippa::Sure....but CP3 at the 1 alongside with Mo at the 2.......!! )
Rolltide4203::they better play mo as many minutes as nyone.. hes unreal
gri400::bargs cant back soon enough, maybe then they can compete in these games :)
OFrog::They are counting on next season...
gri400::they are but they should least be competitive or entertaining to watch. Not expecting wins or a playoff spot, just single digit losses lol
PASS__THA__SWISHA::Pushed on 2nd half ML ... lame.
seferson::32 4th qtr ft's??  did that really just happen?
OFrog::I counted 33. I can't say it was a Donaghy, the crew, especially Callahan just lost control and it was getting way too physical.
gri400::hard to believe this is a 12 point loss, feels worse, like one of those 20 point blowouts
ProtoEarth::Happens when you let your least talented players play during garbage time.
gri400::true, even with that i'm still surprised its only 12, clips backups looked like they were beating the raps starters
PASS__THA__SWISHA::Backdoor second-half cover for Toronto?
drockromero::Joke.
BleedYellow0587::Ya because Fortson is fking awful
seferson::30 ft's in the 4th qtr alone and counting
seferson::well they need some more overs to hit, it's like WWE
Rolltide4203::seriously how good is mo williams? scores all 17 points to open the 4th in 4 minutes. hes unreal
Rolltide4203::what? hes amazing this year hes a lot better than hes ever been.. hes been as good as u can possibly be.. he had one bad playoffs.. who doesnt? hes one of the best pure scorers there is.. shooting 55 percent from the field this year which is out of this world good for a 5 foot 11 pg.. best scorer on the team hands down.. billups has arguably been the worst starter/shooter in the nba this year- horrificly bad this year
antistratfordian::He's streaky and then vanishes in the playoffs
d-nyce-::I got my OVER for 184 !!!!!!! Wow afte rthat first quarter I thought it was inevitable
ProtoEarth::There is no way you can blame the refs on this ...the Raptors are missing shots...simple as that.
spencerob745::derozan the biggest contributor
seferson::it's a FT fest, the NBA needs some overs to hit
OFrog::Some officilas let contact go, others do not. But when it got real chippy in 4th, they had to take control.
ProtoEarth::Well wouldn't have to be a FT fest if the Raptors would stop fouling? Hmmmmm? Even so the Raptors are missing more shots than making. Mo Williams has been destroying the Raptors the whole 4th quarter basically.
gri400::believe it or not this is only the 2nd time the raps have gave up over 100 points this year
rapfan73::dwanye casey sucks he should get fired
pm_tex::This is his first year maybe your team just suck.
seferson::it's a ft contest in the 4th
SportsFan00101::is blake griffin hurt
gri400::no
37 Big J::why is deandre jordan on the bench right now???
37 Big J::thats what i was bout to say....mo has 25!!!!
gri400::weird logic lol, should just let jordan play. Raps are screwed either way
37 Big J::tru, but still he hasnt played all that well this year, why not let him go off, he was at 16/16 at the beginning of the 4th...why not just let him keep rackin up pts and boards?
gri400::i guess just to let the subs get some extra minutes, keeping a guy in who has been great all day makes it look like your running up the score (ignoring the fact that williams has over 25 points)
gri400::because the clippers are up by 20 i would think
gri400::well, 16 actually
antistratfordian::Bad play call there.  Wasn't even necessary.
The Amazing Chef::RAVENS YEAH BUDDY!!!!!!
The Amazing Chef::RAVENS INT!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Amazing Chef::Such a boring game
bradonlywins::na mean
gri400::at least bargs is coming back soon. then at least they can stay in games... maybe even win a few :)
bradonlywins::Im a die hard raptors fan : im depressed..
