_nba is the worst_::Speaking of "lacking intelligence", how's Westbrook doing for OKC lately?  Is he a "star" - in big market OKC?
Go Laker Nation::they need his scoring though...without it they will sink
Go Laker Nation::He is the key to them winning it all. If he plays lights out the whole playoff run they should go the distance. I don't think he can 4 games out of 7 vs Lakers though
bobbydagreat::Rodman did....Barkley could have if he had more talent on his teams. Either way, it doesn't really matter, the point was what I meant by "playing big".
Go Laker Nation::those undersized guys will not win a ring as the teams "big man"
bobbydagreat::Chuck Hayes has played a lot at center and is only 6'6, while he was at center, he routinely outrebounded guys who were 6'10 or 7'0 most notably Amare Stoudemire who he out-rebounded every time he went against him, that's because he plays bigger than his actual size. Another example of this was Charles Barkley who was probably the biggest 6'6 player ever. I refer to "big" as a style of play, not necessarily as a size. Was 6'7 Rodman a big player? His rebounding ability would sure lead you to believe he was.
nba is the worst::Wow - you have a plethora of definitions for the word "big' - none which seem to relate to height
bobbydagreat::I think if they had a big PG like Dragic, who can pass the ball and be a true PG but still be big enough to guard the other team's SG so that Westbrook wouldn't have to then they would have it made. Westbrook could still take his shots but the PG wouldn't let him be a ball hog. I know that sounds weird because both Westbrook and Dragic are 6'3, but Dragic plays bigger on defense than Westbrook does.
Go Laker Nation::they need a true center to be the real deal maybe ibaka can grow 5 inches
bobbydagreat::They play better the fewer shots he takes. If they had a true PG to get the ball to the scorers then they would be unstoppable. Of course the problem would then be that you would have a 6'3 SG who would be way too small to guard any other SG in the league.
Go Laker Nation::they can't be better big picture with him on the bench....c'mon now
_nba is the worst_::I disagree - his problem is believing he should rightfully be the #1 option on offense - despite how they play better with him on the bench
bobbydagreat::Westbrook's problem is that he isn't playing the correct position because he is too short. He should be a SG instead of a PG.
_nba is the worst_::OKC's best game since the ASG was the heatles blowout where he played limited minutes due to early foul trouble.  I don't think their coach is too bright either - that team would be incredible if Westbrook wasn't 3rd in the league in FGAs
bobbydagreat::Eh, he is a volume shooter and I have never liked that style of player, when he is hitting his shots he can help bury any team, when he is off, he can help any team get back in the game against him.
Go Laker Nation::The shortage of true centers makes Bynum very valuble. There are not that many players worth shipping him away for, that is if you are interested in winning rings
Go Laker Nation::He should know better, and altough it is not an excuse, having a coach like Mike Brown will not help the situation. The players dont respect him and he cannot set Bynum straight. This would not be happenening of Phil was still coach. Brown wont last on the lakers bench
bobbydagreat::I don't see Phil or Riley coming back.
Go Laker Nation::Pop, Phil, Tibbs, Pat Riley, even Brian Shaw probably b/c he respects him
bobbydagreat::I meant that was a legit question, what coach do you think is out there that could do it?
Go Laker Nation::Any coach who deserves and demands respect and can hold players accountable
bobbydagreat::What coach do you think could control him? I mean other than Phil, what direction should the Lakers go for their next coach?
Go Laker Nation::You can be smart and just not give a f!ck. That is where Bynum is right now
Go Laker Nation::its worth it if he brings it and does not get tossed when it matters the most
bobbydagreat::I understand that argument, but if you needed him out there, and he was getting himself tossed regularly costing your team games, you might not be thinking the same.
Go Laker Nation::Lakers could use more of that fire...I'd take a crazy guy with heart over a dull model citizen any day of the week
bobbydagreat::For a while, yes, but after the breakdown where he started punching fans the refs were looking for him to mess up and had him on a short leash. He had to get better. He got a technical once for Lebron James shoving him to the ground, he got ejected for Kobe elbowing him in the neck. Bynum now has the refs out looking for him to screw up, he has to get better or he will hurt his team. Fortunately for Artest, it happened near the end of his career, and he managed to get better about controlling his emotions or he would still be hurting his team with unnecessary technicals and ejections.
Go Laker Nation::Ron Arest got control and got worse. he was a better player when he was a crazy loose cannon
_nba is the worst_::We get it, bobby - you don't like Bynum.  Hardly worth 2 dozen posts IMO...
bobbydagreat::If that's the case, it's sort of worse. That kind of attitude will completely waste the talent that he has. It is destructive to his team and himself. It would be better for him to just be an idiot that can't control his emotions than one who simply refuses to because he is a punk. An example of an idiot who was unable to control his emotions was Ron Artest, he was able to get better over time because he worked on it. If someone doesn't care to, they won't get any better.
_nba is the worst_::Correct (wrt the injury history, not the ranting about your opinion of his intelligence).  Without the injury history, there likely would have been a trade completed - but without it, he likely wouldn't have been offered - even for Dwight
bobbydagreat::Smart players rarely let their ego get the best of them. How many times has Duncan been tossed out of a game?
_nba is the worst_::You don't understand the difference between common sense and intelligence?  punk egotism and IQ?  Seems to me you're pretty concerned with the validity of your point
bobbydagreat::I don't see how you disagree about his lack of intelligence, a smarter player wouldn't have gotten himself ejected from the game last night. He is a 7 year vet, he should know better.
_nba is the worst_::That's big of you.  Carry on!
bobbydagreat::I acknowledge that if he was mentally tougher, and more intelligent, and more durable, and more of a team player/leader, he could potentially be one of the league's best players, but he is who he is and that's why he is not one of the league's best players.
bobbydagreat::His injury history along with his terrible attitude and weak mind take away from that value. Also you have to consider what his stats would be like if he wasn't on a team with a 7 foot PF. I don't think there is a chance in the world that he could be "the guy" on any team. He's not enough of a team player, and he is too much of an idiot for that.
Shreepsy::Bynum is an overgrown child.  The Lakers have tried to trade him for two years, and nobody wants him.  He is a very talented player, but could be a star if he manned up and stopped acting like a baby.  He is not a "star", being voted into the all-star game doesn't give you "star" status.  He is not in the same sentence as Kobe, Bron, Wade, etc.
Shreepsy::Exactly the point.  Nobody wants to give up "talent" for his worth because only the Lakers think he's worth having.
_nba is the worst_::So he's not Kobe Bron and Wade - or Dwight.  Those folks are generally referred to as "superstars", right?  Please, tell us - who have the Lakers tried to trade Bynum for?
bobbydagreat::It was a really good question, one asked all the time of Lakers homers. They would say that Pao was the best PF in the league, so that's why his true potential wasn't being realized. So quickly we forget the crazy ramblings of fans. In a few years if Bynum leaves the Lakers and fizzles out, people will deny saying he was the second best center in the league.
UDUB4ever11::IF HE WAS one of the best, why was he not starting?
bobbydagreat::I distinctly remember people talking about how he was one of the best PF's in the league and he would start on almost every team in the NBA and if he was on any other team he would be a 25 and 12 player. Of course that was when the Lakers were winning, they quickly turned on him and now that he is on another team we all see that he was a product of being around a lot of talent.
Go Laker Nation::i dont buy a ton of laker fans saying that
bobbydagreat::I guess you weren't a Lakers fan the last few years.
Go Laker Nation::who said odom was one of the best ? lol
bobbydagreat::At one time Lakers fans were saying Odom was one of the best in the league, what did they get from him? 1 top 20 protected first round pick that they gave to the Rockets in order to get rid of Fisher.....Lakers fans are notorious for overvaluing their players, and Bynum is just the next example.
Go Laker Nation::he is still a star player, just not on the top tier of "star"
Go Laker Nation::most teams do not have enough assets to match the calibur of player Bynum is without gutting their team
Shreepsy::I just don't think he's worth teams trading for.  1.  Attitude of child/entitlement 2. Thousand year old knees.  Nobody wants to take on a risk like that.
_nba is the worst_::You guys are funny - of course they tried to trade him for Dwight.  CP3, False - we saw the details of that trade, Gasol was the guy in that package - and I'm skeptical on the 'Melo thing - link or it didn't happen
bobbydagreat::And if he really was one of the big stars of the league, some team would be willing to give up talent for him. Look at what the Knicks gave up for Anthony, look what everyone wanted to give up for Howard, look at what the Rockets were willing to give up for Pao......You don't see anyone willing to give up a lot for Bynum, why do you think that is?
Go Laker Nation::Melo for Bynum would have been bad for the Lakers Magic are too dumb to cut their loses and get Bynum for Dwight We all know what happened with Paul and Stern
Shreepsy::The organization has openly announced that they are willing to trade Bynum for "The right deal".  Nobody is giving them what the Lakeshow thinks he's worth.  Sends the message that people don't want Bynum bad enough to give talent up for him.
bobbydagreat::He has been in almost every package the Lakers have put together in the last few years. He was someone that they put in a deal for Carmelo Anthony, Dwight Howard, Chris Paul at one point, basically every big name that is on the trading block the Lakers put out a package including Bynum. Another question, what team has tried to trade for Bynum? You always hear about the Lakers putting him in packages, but you never hear about teams trying to pick him up.
Go Laker Nation::Teams want him but Lakers have not got a deal worth shipping the 2nd best true center in the league yet
Go Laker Nation::the same teams who would not take him for the right deal are the same teams who will not win. Losing mindframe
Shreepsy::Talent-wise he's absolutely the second best true center.  With his attitude, he doesn't allow himself to be worth pursuing.
bobbydagreat::2nd best center who is a headcase and has the maturity of a pissed off 12 year old who is a distraction to his team. If he wasn't a moron, and was more durable, he probably would be a real star player.
bobbydagreat::That was my exact point, he isn't a true star.
Go Laker Nation::I say bring back the trash talking and a little taunting in the game, makes it more fun. Nothing wrong with popping off a little after you drain a jumper in somebody's eyeball or staring a guy down after you dunk on his cranium.  While we are at it...bring back handchecking and take out the zone defense
Shreepsy::I hate the Lakers but I couldn't agree with you more.  The Pacers/Knicks rivalries were the real deal.  Loved seeing the guys get after each other and not act all tough and pretend like they're trying to start a fight.
FTLakerFan::I still dont get why bynum was thrown out last night, guys talk to the other bench all game long, why the big deal with Bynum, Grifin taunts guys and nothing is called, refs now have it out for Bynum for whatever reason and they have a quick trigger
magic1jordan2::bobbydadumb
FTLakerFan::may have been stupid, but it wasnt deserved.........that stuff goes on all day long and it is never called
_nba is the worst_::Brook Lopez?  <b>Hell no</b>
UDUB4ever11::Brook Lopez, Tyson Chandler, and Mark Gasol are all better than bynum...Not more talented, but better overall players
_nba is the worst_::Ridiculous.  Bosh?  What about Hibbert?
bobbydagreat::Wade, Lebron, and Howard are all true stars, it wouldn't matter where they were playing, it only matters for guys like Bynum.
_nba is the worst_::So  you apparently consider Miami a huge market?  Orlando?  Smh
Go Laker Nation::you are supposed to read minds
bobbydagreat::Players from the most densely populated areas always get the most votes if they are any good at all, being that in reality all a huge market like LA has is basketball, the people there are going to be more likely to vote for the all star game. Lots of votes from big markets = an all star bid. I don't consider him a star because in my eyes he is nothing more than an injury prone headcase who is a distraction to his team.
_nba is the worst_::magic1jordan2 - Beings Bynum is in the top 5 in steals, fg%, and rebounds.  AND avg's close to 20 a game.  Explain to me this overrated theory you have.  Because you aren't making much sense to me -=-=-  Don't forget top 9 PER - after all, this IS ESPN!
bobbydagreat::I didn't say he was over rated, I said he wasn't a star, it's not the same thing.
magic1jordan2::Not steals, but blocks.
_nba is the worst_::bobbydagreat - As to Bynum being a real star, if he was one, a team would have traded for him by now. The Lakers have put him in damn near every trade package they have put together in the last 2 years and no one has wanted him. -=-=-  <b>Tell us again how a player voted allstar starter is somehow NOT a real star. Because the above argument is pretty stupid, considering Buss wants to keep him </b>
magic1jordan2::Beings Bynum is in the top 5 in steals, fg%, and rebounds.  AND avg's close to 20 a game.  Explain to me this overrated theory you have.  Because you aren't making much sense to me
bobbydagreat::Then say centers if that's what you mean.
bobbydagreat::As to Bynum being a real star, if he was one, a team would have traded for him by now. The Lakers have put him in damn near every trade package they have put together in the last 2 years and no one has wanted him.
Go Laker Nation::the only real big man you mentioned is howard i'm talking true centers
bobbydagreat::7 plus footers isn't my definition of big men. My definition is PF's and C that play like big men.
bobbydagreat::I'll take Howard, Love, Dirk, Griffin, Aldridge, Lee, Smith and so on over Bynum.
Go Laker Nation::true center he is second best howards stock is plummeting right now too so he might overtake him
_nba is the worst_::bobbydagreat Not a real star though, maybe he is seen as that in LA, but not anywhere else. -=-=-  BS   Allstar starters are voted in, silly
_nba is the worst_::That's pushing it - there barely ARE 5 big men in the league, if 7' plus is part of the definition
bobbydagreat::No he isn't, he isn't even a top 5 big man in the league.
Go Laker Nation::he is the second best big man in the league
bobbydagreat::Not a real star though, maybe he is seen as that in LA, but not anywhere else.
Go Laker Nation::yes he is a star player  starting allstar for the west solidified it
bobbydagreat::He doesn't have the leeway to get away with that, for starters, he isn't a star player like Griffin, or Kobe, or Wade, or whatever add to that he lost any leeway he would have had with his dirty play last year. Ask Ron Artest how it is to be on a short leash with the refs because of stupid past behavior. He was once ejected from a game for being elbowed in the throat by Kobe Byrant.
bobbydagreat::When you have already earned a technical for being a punk, you shouldn't be running your mouth at the other team's bench, it was just stupid of him.
mason8181::I like Bynums effort. He is only 25. Leave his childish attitude alone. Its not like we never been through it ourselves. I rather have Bynum giving efforts with bad antics and trash talking than Dwight Howard giving up. Its better to talk trash to voice your opinion than telling you fans to cheer louder for the other team. I know Bynum is still a child but give him time.
_nba is the worst_::How old is that in lebr0n years?
UDUB4ever11::lebron is only 2 years older, but much more mature than bynum will ever be.  He gets Hacked and walks away, because he does not want to put his team at jeapordy by getting a technical....Has bron ever been ejected??
bobbydagreat::He's a 7 year vet, how much time is it going to take for him to learn not to be an idiot?
Go Laker Nation::It is a 3 horse race in the west. Thunder, Lakers, and Grizzlies Spurs and Dallas have no chance because they do not have the big men to last in a series. Dallas was done as soon as the lost Chandler &amp; Duncan is a shell of himself with Bonner and Blair backing him up only to get pounded by real bigs
_nba is the worst_::Splitter disagrees
Go Laker Nation::he is not a real big either
bobbydagreat::The Rockets also shouldn't be forgotten, they have been playing without their two best players, if they get them back before the playoffs, look out. They are the only team in the NBA with road wins vs the Lakers, Thunder, and Bulls.
3rdCoastTexan::rockets have 3 SFs. Parsons, Budinger and Morris (he is more of a tweener). Parsons is an all round good player. SG is the only position where the rockets are really hurting. If we had a top flight SG, the rockets would be very dangerous.
bobbydagreat::Well, their starting SG and PG are out right now, if they get them back they will have significantly more firepower in the backcourt. I don't think the Rockets have what it takes to go all the way, but they certainly could upset any team in the NBA in a series is what I meant. As for SF, Parsons is there because of his defense, he gives other team's star players trouble all night long, with their starting SG and PG back in the game, they will have plenty of scoring.
Go Laker Nation::Don't see them having the firepower in a series. Camby and Dalembert are nice for the size but they are lacking in the back court...most notably the sg and sf spot imo
Go Laker Nation::Lakers will go as far as Mike Brown does not screw it up Playoffs come around and teams will get smashed in a series when the game turns into half court sets. Bynum and Gasol size will win them 4 out of 7 wearing these midgets down
_nba is the worst_::The series coming with the Spurs will be "interesting" as far as playoff predictors go
_nba is the worst_::;)
tatashady::what an evil looking avatar.
bobbydagreat::It's hard to get a read on the Spurs, they certainly are doing well in the regular season, but how will they do when it matters? It seems impossible to tell if they will still be semi-dominant, or if they will have a repeat of last year.
tatashady::At least he finally put McRoberts in the rotation.  Even little bobby can't talk smack about his energy.
bobbydagreat::Unless Bynum gets hurt or acts like a moron again. He is an injury prone mental midget, he will always be a question mark.
bobbydagreat::The Rockets have gotten him tossed out of 2 games this year, teams know that they can get under his skin and make him do something stupid, that's what makes him a liability to the Lakers. If he wasn't a moron, he would be a great weapon.
Go Laker Nation::He locked down that spot for back to back rings and has gotten better since then Teams with no size are in trouble
tatashady::The Lakers should've followed through on the trade with Houston after the C3P-0 rings trade got vetoed.  Houston was trading Scola, Martin and Dragic for Pau Gasol.  The Lakers would be better off right now if they had just traded Gasol and kept those 3 players.
bobbydagreat::I think it was the Rockets that backed away from that deal.
Go Laker Nation::That would not have gotten them any closer to a ring  Scola is good but he is undersized.  Lakers advantage is having all that length with the Black Mamba closing the deal
Go Laker Nation::Sessions needs to step his D up  Gordon the White Dragon was doing a number on him
KATSUP1::You mean Goran? He's been playing well lately.
Go Laker Nation::yeah whatever the Dragon's first name is
inglehacker::-16 with Kobe on the floor?  Wow.  How did he play that many minutes and only manage 2 rebounds and 0 assists?
Go Laker Nation::of course he is getting old and declining...but he is still a very very good player
bobbydagreat::Never said otherwise.
bobbydagreat::Because he is old and Parsons was playing really good D on him for most of the night. At this point in his career, he is not much more than a volume shooter. He'll give you 25 a night, but it'll take 20+ shots and he won't do much else. He's pretty much reached the end.
bobbydagreat::Everyone talks about the late game heroics when they go in and they ignore it when they don't. At the end of this game, he had several open looks at a three to get the Lakers back in it and he bricked them all. Kobe is still one of the top scorers in the league because he shoots more than anyone else, but if you can't see the clear signs of decline, you are simply blind.
tatashady::Don't argue with "bobby" or he will get his big brothers Peter and Greg to beat you up.
Go Laker Nation::c'mon now he is still more lethal than a ton of players that are well rounded
tatashady::@ Bobby Kobe has been playing with a torn ligament in his wrist from game 1 and STILL leads the league in scoring.  Kobe was 3 for 21 the other day but one of the three was the game winning 3-point dagger.  That's why most GM's in the league would prefer Kobe taking the last shot and you are sitting in your mom's basement commenting on ESPN.
bobbydagreat::That's just simply not the case. You could say he is still one of the top scorers, but not top overall players anymore.
Go Laker Nation::pound for pound he is still a top player in the big picture no matter how you slice it
bobbydagreat::I don't know who you are watching, but Kobe is having the worst shooting season of his career, and he has never been one of the most accurate shooters in the game. He shoots a lot to make up for the misses, that's how he gets his points.
bobbydagreat::I disagree with that, The top tier of players are more well rounded than Kobe is at this point. You could say that Kobe is in the top tier of scorers despite his complete lack of efficiency and I would be fine with that.
go texans08::reached his end? he isnt what he once was but he once was one of the greatest basketball players of all time and now he is getting into the end of his career....dude still has good years left and is still one of the best pure shooters in the game
tatashady::That's the same way I feel about T-Wade.
Go Laker Nation::Still in the top tier of players even at his old age
tatashady::His latest injury has made it harder to move around.  You only get an assist if the guy you pass it to makes a basket.  That's why it is funny everybody always raves about LeBron's assists in Cleveland but then claims he didn't have any help.
tatashady::A technical foul for talking some smack to the opposing team's bench is pure BS.  The refs have really gotten full of themselves with their new short fuse technicals.  David Stern probably just wanted to veto another Lakers win.
go texans08::maybe it was a little harsh but can you tell me why on earth talking smack to players on the bench is a good thing to do in the first place?
bobbydagreat::Bynum earned both technicals, if he wasn't a moron, he wouldn't have gotten them.
_nba is the worst_::You have been fined the "fan discount' rate of $100 for complaining about the refs.  Please remit immediately!
go texans08::that being said we dont know how its like to make 18 million dollars to play basketball games
bobbydagreat::Other players who don't have the mentality of a pissed off 12 year old seem to handle it just fine, he's a 7 year vet, he should be able to handle it by now. Unfortunately he is nothing more than an injury prone headcase, and that's why the Lakers haven't been able to trade him even though they have put him in just about every trade offer in the last 2 years.
tatashady::The refs probably saw it that way too.  Bynum apparently felt differently.  I've taken off the glasses and I agree with you that he overreacted, but neither one of us knows what it is like to be putting $18 million dollars on the line when we play a game.
3rdCoastTexan::dalembert didnt do anything malicious to bynum...take off the homer glasses
bobbydagreat::They are superstar players, they get that leeway, Bynum isn't so he doesn't. Even if he was going to have some leeway, he ruined that with his dirty play in the past. Dalembert blocked the ball back into his head, that wasn't a flagrant, he had a hand on him so it was a foul, but not even close to a flagrant. C'mon man take the homer glasses off.
tatashady::Chris Paul and T-Wade yell AT THE REFS on every other play and get away with it.  Bynum has been hurt a lot and having Dalembert push him in the back when he left his feet should've been a flagrant.  Bynum is worried about losing 100's of millions of dollars if he is injured again.  The second technical was ticky tack at best.
Over One Million Owned::Lakers are a disaster and I love it.
You cant stop the Sanchize::how many were you alive for?
tatashady::Most of them.  I hopped on the bandwagon when they got Wilt.
tatashady::The Lakers have won more games than any other team in NBA history.  I love that.
jammy472::What a punk this kid is. Couldn't be happier to see him imploding.
Yahoo7738291::Win money every single day picking NBA teams! http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
Kanghextor556::thanks for that linmk
Member7736Hunter::im gettin signed up now
gusteragain::lakers immediate problem is they will never trade bynum - bynum is baby buss's legacy speaking of geniuses - i read the other day jerry west's choice in the 1979 draft wasn't johnson - it was moncrief, and he was overruled and moreno personally tried to sign crawford and soriano, but the saux and flubs outbid him at the last moment ah----- genius!
tatashady::At least Bynum doesn't quit during the game like Dwight Coward.  He basically handed the Knicks a win the other day.
lakeshow8424::Bynum has always been about Bynum, even under Phil.  Difference is that Phil demanded more respect than Brown and Odom could take Bynum's minutes if he got out of line.  You'd think an Allstar and a two-time champion would grow up.
MemphisBoy73726::Win money every single day picking NBA teams! http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
Yahoo7738291::thanks for that link
I Abuse Heat fans::<b> My socks smell like cheerios</b>
CANO DONT YA KNOW 2::shut up troll
Go Laker Nation::Even after all this...  Bynum &gt; Howard
Winnesota2012::wrong.  if the lakers had a chance to trade bynum for howard, they'd do it in a heartbeat and would instantly be favorites to win it all.
xmanfolife::Somebody tell me that Bynum couldn't have benefitted from at least 3 yrs of college ball...NBA should impliment that rule....Bynum's a poster child for it right now.
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::Lebron or Kobe didnt didnt do college &amp; they turned out just fine
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::Lebron &amp; Kobe &gt; any other nba player
CANO DONT YA KNOW 2::lol Lebron has mental problems in the 4th Kobe is a ballhog and has a huge ego
Kontergrad83838::Win money every single day picking NBA teams! http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
xmanfolife::Embarrassing.....only way to describe Bynum's behavior.  Why doesn't somebody like Kobe get into his grill about his attitude...now it's cost the team 2 games.  When's enough, enough?  All of those ex Laker's standing n the tunnel would've put some "act right" on him back n their days.  No reason why the current crop should'nt do it...Kobe at least.
GoBoysGodothis::Win money every single day picking NBA teams! http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
giguanarayg::What I don't understand is why Mike Brown continues to believe that there's no problem with Bynum's attitude. He's obviously hurting the Lakers. Somebody needs to give Bynum a sit-down- oh, that's right, the GM already tried to, but Bynum rudely skipped that meeting and got fined for it.
meth68::This is very simple, only 3 people can have a sit down, Mike Brown is a joke he cant control Bynum we already proved that. Buss, Kupchak , Kobe. That is it. He's a worse mental case then Metta, and thats saying A LOT
sprtfanusa::growing pains for Bynum, he's only twenty four. He'll grow up.
Selling my CP3 jersey and buying my Sessions jersey::haha bynum has that "I don't give a f**k attitude" oh well looks like he will be gone or (most likely) Mike Brown will be gone after this year.
sprtfanusa::it's not a good idea to give up 7 footers who can score and block shots...My guess is if Brown can't control Bynum it'll be Browns head getting chopped.
xmanfolife::I'm leaning towards Bynum being gone b4 Brown....if Bynum doesn't lose the attitude.  He's already cost the Laker's 2 games bcuz of it.
djrashn::I remember the dog days of Nick VanExel, but eventually the Lakers got Shaq, and then Kobe, they will rebuild again.
Jubin3567::Bynum's trying to passively say "f*** Kobe, this is my team"
andrewmf1358::Why does everyone act like Kobe is the only one who shoots alot. He is a Shooting Guard last time I checked. Kobe averages 22 shots a game without D-wade, and C-Bosh next to him. LeBron is around 19. Kevin Durrant is around 20 shots a game and combine that with Westbrook they are probably taking 60% or more of the teams shots. People who don't like Kobe always resort to this stupid ball hog argument. What is a good player suppossed to do not shoot. And don't compare it LeBron they play different positions and are at different points in their careers.
sprtfanusa::yeah, no one wants a player who averages 29 points a game and leads the league in game winning shots. What general manager would want that!
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::your screen name makes you sound like youre 9
Selling my CP3 jersey and buying my Sessions jersey::coming from a guy who has nothing but negative things to say about 1 of the greatest player to ever play this game (and still is playing at a high level in his 16th season)
Shreepsy::Grow up and have a real conversation.  Stop calling people "hater", it makes you sound like you're ten.
Selling my CP3 jersey and buying my Sessions jersey::Hi hater  kiss the rings
Jubin3567::how many shot attempts
.HungLikeLIN::No one would take Kobe or his stupid salary at this point. L.A is stuck with him
Jubin3567::100%, in all honesty...if my best interest is the future of the franchise. Trade Kobe for someone desperate enough whose willing to give up the right price
hoopster2242::And you've been in the locker room to know? I think not. Do the rational world a favor and keep your idiotic statements to yourself.
Shreepsy::You're not very smart are you?  Nobody can say anything bad about Kobe without one of you mongoloids mess ruin the adult conversation.
Selling my CP3 jersey and buying my Sessions jersey::@ shreepsy dont you wish your team had a "cancer guy"  like kobe  5 championships later i would love to see you say that about him dumbfuuuuck
djrashn::He's always been a cancer in the locker room. Big deal.
Jubin3567::he's already a cancer in the Lakers locker room
Shreepsy::But yes all teams would jump at the opportunity
Shreepsy::If Kobe went anywhere, he'd be team cancer there.
.HungLikeLIN::He should, he's their best player.
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::outlet pass = long pass off the rebound...  So Bynum in the paint &amp; Gasol on the elbow to a curling Kobe?  you DO want Kobe to shoot then.?
Jubin3567::no but an outlet pass to say Gasol on the elbow connecting with Kobe curling in from the wing or baseline wouldn't be a hard play to put together.
Selling my CP3 jersey and buying my Sessions jersey::haters gonna hate but if kobe has always been cancer and done that much for a city (5 rings) all the playoff success than i guess every team needs "cancer" like him in their locker room
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::Kobe slash into where all the defense already is?  Also, this is the zone era, double teaming doesnt compromise the integrity of the defense like it did pre 2001.. Kobe has 5 rings dont make yourself look like  clown by thinking you know more about bball than him
Jubin3567::Center and Guard are two different positions entirely. If Mr.Take All the Shots would slash in while that happened it'd get Bynum easy assists and open up the paint for him. But he prefers to watch the demise of his teammates for suckas like you to keep brown-nosing him
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::who cant handle double &amp; triple teams as well as the teams "2nd best player"
.HungLikeLIN::So who is the Lakers star of the future?
djrashn::IDK, they were profiling some kid the other day as the next big thing in the NBA but I missed it.
.HungLikeLIN::LOL, let me guess a Kentucky player
djrashn::Not in the league yet.
.HungLikeLIN::Bynum is one sneeze away from a season ending Knee injury
.HungLikeLIN::The Lakers size meant something until teams got quicker and the Lakers got old fast. With no Phil Jackson to keep the ego's in check.
tandtk03::And Bynum wonders why no one can stand his stupid a$$. Kobe is the Lakers but he has the same major problem as LeD0che and Howard. They don't know how to pass.
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::Kobe averaging .3 less assist than Jordan on his career...  Lebron, all he knows how to do is pass
KATSUP1::Aren't Kobe and Lebron both leading their positions in Assists?
HouTexans12380::Goran Dragic is the official Laker killer of the 2012 NBA season
KATSUP1::I think you mean Andrew Bynum.
HouTexans12380::nope last time we played the Lakers he had the game wiinnng 3
djrashn::Just the official Laker killer this week.
djrashn::Dwight Howard is a head case. -Bynum
.HungLikeLIN::Sessions can't play defense  -Fisher
.HungLikeLIN::KG in minny and KG in Boston are two different people
djrashn::I can dream, can't I?
HouTexans12380::yeah but it'll never happen
HouTexans12380::Pierce is washed up too
HouTexans12380::that trade will never ever happen I mean never!!!
djrashn::Pierce still has a little game left. The other two need to retire, or Boston needs to trade them to the Magic for Dwight Howard.
djrashn::Kevin Garnett and Ray Allen are washed up. Rhondo and Pierce need some help.
djrashn::Kobe is a ball hog. -AI
djrashn::I'm a KG fan, but he is washed up.
Winnesota2012::um... not really.  still a pretty productive player for a guy who's been playing since 95.
.HungLikeLIN::"I don't care who wins as long as I get my points"  -Kobe
BayBoy2020::Really? Wade carried that team Shaq just grabbed onto Wade's coattails
WarriorsGO::There's more to the game then just scoring which is what u guys don't understand. Shaqs presence alone makes the game a lot easier for people especially sgs because the center can't leave shaq to help with dribble penetration
BayBoy2020::Shaq couldnt win before Kobe and even after he needed Dwayne Wade
djrashn::And no Stan VanGundy
WarriorsGO::Last time I checked Wade needed him since he hasn't won without Shaq
BayBoy2020::is that why they got bounced out of the playoffs?
.HungLikeLIN::Liking your own comment is like blowing yourself.... enjoy
BayBoy2020::go back and look at those games he was just as much the reason they won as shaq
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::In other words, Shaqs dominance alone didnt amount to anything, it was Phil &amp; Kobes near equal contribution that put us over the top
WarriorsGO::So Kobe added to Shaq is what your saying right? Thanks all I needed to hear.
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::By the time Lakers started winning in the playoffs, Kobe had already made the all star team from the bench, and was in his 4th year in the league
WarriorsGO::Shaq played more in the early part of the season as Kobe was coming out of high school so they didn't play him as much early in the aeason
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::Shaq &amp; Kobe both joined the Lakers in 96
WarriorsGO::Go look at the season again that team was dominant with Shaq bEfore Kobe showed up
.HungLikeLIN::Neither was Kobe for 3 rings
BayBoy2020::ya but they werent the leading scorers, and thats why they care more about wining then numbers
HouTexans12380::Luke has 2 rings
.HungLikeLIN::Fisher has 5 rings and Luke has 4 rings...
HouTexans12380::very very true^
BayBoy2020::is that why he has 5 rings?
BayBoy2020::he has been giving Bynum the ball but can he just doesnt trust his maturity yet and Gasol isn't consistent enough he dissapears
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::When he takes less shots theyre shots dont go up..  they both average about the same amount of shots as #1 option / best ceter in the league Dwight Howard..  To think he only cares about scoring means you must have been born yesterday
WarriorsGO::If that were true he would pass the ball more when u have 2 efficient scorers in Bynum and Gasol this season.
BayBoy2020::ok my whole point is that he cares about winning over everything
WarriorsGO::They are part of the reason, my point is its a team game
.HungLikeLIN::he didn't win rings by himself.
BayBoy2020::you cant say Kobe cares more about numbers then winning
djrashn::With your logic, Bill Wennington, Steve Kerr, and BJ Armstrong are why MJ has 6 rings.
BayBoy2020::ok i didn't say that
WarriorsGO::No Shaq,Horry, Fisher, and many others like Gasol had Something to do with that also not just Kobe or u would have them not making playoffs like the season where Kobe wanted to get traded.
Dr. Luv98::With all that clutch shooting last night, I think Marcus Camby should be in the 3-point contest next year. Homeboy's got game.
Jubin3567::Trade Bynum and Keep Kobe !
Jubin3567::Off season you silly goose
BayBoy2020::Thats why your probably one of those dumb warriors fans that boo'd the Monta trade
WarriorsGO::So u would pay him what he's making now to do what he's doing now?
BayBoy2020::Kobe even at this point in his career can stil take over games, and im glad you like the trade... shows you have some sense
WarriorsGO::Who me? I loved the trade
WarriorsGO::I wouldn't want Kobe at this stage of his career anyways
Jubin3567::exactly haha, Mr.3/20 has lost his zest
HouTexans12380::trade deadline is over lol
HouTexans12380::Forget about all that Linsanity bull crap its Dragic showtime
Shreepsy::Marketing the friendly Asian is a lot easier than marketing a hairy Dragon.  I love Goran, but unfortunately he won't ever get that kind of spotlight.
KINGCAMBORAMBO::The best center in the NBA is Kevin Garnett. He was a  power forward, but now he is playing a center position   for the Boston Celtics. Since he becomes a center, he led his  team to the 2nd best record in the NBA after the all-stars break. Andrew Bynum and Dwight Howard cannot be the best center, by the way that they are playing and acting lately. Kevin Garnett still has a lot of heart, and he has 17 years of NBA experiences.
HouTexans12380::no way hes better than Bynum Cousins or Howard
HouTexans12380::Brian Scalabrine is better than all these H oes
Insidezone7111::Win money every single day picking NBA teams! http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
HiggityWHOrah::cool site
hunter7780::Bynum is a H oe and he softer than Pau!! All of a sudden he's a tough guy he know who and who not to play that S#IT with!!
WarriorsGO::I just don't get how u can play with Bynum and Gasol and take 20 shots with 11 free throws and have ZERO assists.
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::you even know how assist work?
Ndfreakboy7::http://ndwithjg.blogspot.com/2012/03/notre-dame-sp...  read it up great blog don't forget to press like on the facebook like box while your there
Ndfreakboy7::http://ndwithjg.blogspot.com/2012/03/notre-dame-sp...  read it up great blog don't forget to press like on the facebook like box while your there
Ndfreakboy7::http://ndwithjg.blogspot.com/2012/03/notre-dame-sp...  read it up great blog don't forget to press like on the facebook like box while your there
Ndfreakboy7::http://ndwithjg.blogspot.com/2012/03/notre-dame-sp...  read it up great blog don't forget to press like on the facebook like box while your there
