weewee::everyone here is so quick to write the Thunder off after just 2 games in the season  and its true their star player or shal ii say the other one is not there is totally rediculous, act likre you know and wait till the half break because anyone can get hurt on any given day Heck everyone knows  Westbrook is the other part of the dynamic duo what else is new , and Harden is a done deal . personally i didn't think Harden was putting out anyway because he didn't like coming off the bench . Now that hes a starter , he's putting out. as we say in old school Money talks and talks loud. By the same token look what happen when Kobe gut hurt. look what happen to Chicago when Rose got down.Watch what happen to Miami When Labron goes down . I think the Thunder could use another coach personally
mnmulligans::With the Twins tanking this year and the Vikes playing for draft choices, the Wolves may be what is needed to energize the Cities professional sports fans.   No question Adelman is a hall of fame coach. He has two all stars now and should be able to mold the team into a playoff contender.
Commenter::Just my opinion but durant is to tall to dribble in a croud. He loses his dribble because to much space between him and the ball. He always has a high turnover rate.he strickly a shooter and also somewhat overrated.westbrook is more valeable to  this team and a complete player.westbrook is a coach dream player.
John peter Ng::if love, rubio, pekovic and martin stay healthy wolves will get in the playoffs this year......
Benny::YES!  As a long time Wolve fan, this team has me excited.  Playoffs here we come!  Just stay healthy.
Big John::Can Adelman replace Alan Williams? T-Wolves apparently played some D tonight.
clint::Durant only 5 FT you're slipping. you can abuse the rules better than that.
Be+::Oh no...look what happens when Durant doesn't score as much as usual.
Rico M::Ricky and K-Love are fantasy team studs.. Wow!
Anton::Like I said, Westbrook is the leader and heart and soul of OKC. Durant is only a scorer, he has no leadership. Twolves up by 40 and you call Durant an MVP candidate? No way.
