DWright513::rivers is awful... plain and simple
so big she asked how much my D wade::I have a feeling the hornets make a play for gasol. they have the cap space so why not ship out Anderson in exchange. too much losing can damage a team for the worst. it would work out for both teams. gasol would be a 20 10 guy on the hornets and his versatility wont affect davis minutes when he gets back. and he would equal more wins than Anderson. lakers need a guy that wont complain about having to work on the outside on offense and that's andersons territory all day long.
nba is the worst::Salary difference makes it not work:  Pau 19 mil  Anderson 8.7 mil  So the hornets would have to give up another piece or two, it won't happen
so big she asked how much my D wade::I think they have like 7 or 8 mill in cap space.
Cartel81::What happened to Aminu tonight?
BronCoswaGgg777::Lol rivers 2pta
gstolls1967::For a few months now I have been using this system called Sportsbettingstar to help pick winning bets. In only 60 days I have managed to double my bankroll by following this system. You can find this system on the front page of google by searching the term Sports Betting System.
Sterling8673::Austin Rivers tonight had a career high six assists (on any level).  The NBA needs to bronze that ball and ship it to the Basketball Hall of Fame in Springfield, MA.
dcyxc2004::Showing 20 of 26 activities  dwade grater den jordan voted up dwade grater den jordan's Comment Today at 12:00 AM  lol
dwade grater den jordan::huih?
Rip City Forever::Where the hell is Anthony Davis??
Rip City Forever::Is he tryn to pull a royce white?
Rip City Forever::Dam nothing against New Orleans but dam Austin rivers is a BUST
Sterling8673::Should be in the NDBL but since his dad is well liked, he will get the hookup.  How he was called the best high school player in the country is laughable.  We have crackheads in Chicago that can outball him.
Carbon-based::A rivers suck
dwade grater den jordan::cu=woirst team in cfb  FACT
dwade grater den jordan::rockymnt way is all mad @ me lol.. mad cuz heat &gt; nuggs??
pico2013::Why the hell did Koach Karl played McGee just 11 mins? Shaq called McGee the best Center in the Western Conference. fire Karl already.
Rdiu::Shaq? really? there is no way i would value Shaq's opinion over Coach Karl
dwade grater den jordan::u cnt even spell coach lol
dwade grater den jordan::cuz he sux  FACT
RockyMountainWay1::dwade grater den jordan - huh? i dnt troll. just hate denvier nuggits  Well we all hate you too so its ok.
Butuss::Yup, not even trying to hide it.
dwade grater den jordan::huh? i dnt troll. just hate denvier nuggits
pico2013::Did you not watch McGeesanity last season. He had one heck of a run.
Butuss::You are an obvious troll. Not even trying to hide it, sad.
dwade grater den jordan::maimi 'ships ownes colorado 'ships  FACT
dwade grater den jordan::maimi titles &gt; denver titles  FACT
Mets2410::Kenneth Faried this guy is GOOD
dwade grater den jordan::nuggits sux lol can bearly beat bobcats??
X24theshowX::Nuggets haven't played the bobcats.  P.S. Why did you like your own comment?
Mizzle85::Bobcats are over .500 clown.
RockyMountainWay1::dwade grater den jordan - oops i meant honets but both sux lol f.uck you
jayeteee::He's an idiot, he knows if he doesn't like it, nobody will.
dwade grater den jordan::oops i meant honets but both sux lol
CHIPS and SALSA83::good win for the Nuggets, it was nice to let the starters rest a little on the first game of a back to back
Arbyrick::Nuggets are getting some home games now and will start rolling...
RockyMountainWay1::We're rollin now, beat Utah next...that might be a hard task though
SoWhyYouMadBro::Ladies and Gents...Haters and Trolls, things will never be the same again. MKG is winning Games while Anthony Davis is going insane. The ankle is swollen, is he made of Glass...why don't people shut up and show some class. If tomorrow was the Playoffs he would put his brow together and express his real wish to be traded forever. Good night and stay mad
abbadobad::Congratulations. Parts of that made a little bit of sense I think.
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Austin Rivers proving all the doubters right, still can't believe he thought he'd be a good pro (his father should have been honest with him).
Slurm Soda...::People have already said it but if Doc Rivers wasn't his dad he would have been drafted in the late 1st round
Sterling8673::The guy should have been drafted at all.  He went to Duke and his father's name got him the attention he doesn't deserve.
Slurm Soda...::There has been a lot of overtimes this year it seems like
jayeteee::Good game tonight. Iggy is just going off. I liked the balance in scoring otherwise. Keep on playing D. Go Nuggets!!!!!
PEdRO2757::Anthony Davis's ankle might be worse than Greg Oden's knees
layloah::Anthony Davis (ankle) could miss two more weeks with the stress reaction to his left ankle.
layloah::you need to trade gordon for granger-long term
JacobGish::Future doesn't look too bad though.  There are some talented guys there, but just need a few more pieces.  Robin Lopez sure isn't worth starting lol that dude is terrible.
Ireland297::And the hornets are screwed for the next 2 weeks
21golakers::is it just me or is freed the best player in terms of energy of his era?
jayeteee::He does have a lot of energy, but I fear all the bouncing around is going to get him hurt someday.
Slurm Soda...::Same, he kind of reminds me of a running back that gets run to death early in his career and ends up having his career cut short. But he isn't injury prone so he might be fine.
layloah::Anthony Davis (ankle) could miss two more weeks with the stress reaction to his left ankle.
LA___got::If Doc Rivers wasnt Austin Rivers dad he woulda been a late first round pick.
PEdRO2757::yea Austin isn't very good if he didn't go to Dukie U he would have been a late 1st or 2nd round pick
bluedevils1148::How are you Nuggets fans liking Iguodala? As a Sixers fan, I'm pretty pissed he's gone.
jayeteee::Iggy's our best all-around athlete, and possibly our best scorer.
bluedevils1148::I'm happy Dre has a fan base that appreciates him finally. And yeah, we'll get over Bynum eventually. Maybe.
NuggetsnAvs::He has been great! sorry about Bynum tho.
Ireland297::Eric Gordan =OVERATED
Hunt0123::Well you cannot really call him overrated since he has not played
21golakers::who is eric gordan anyway?
Ireland297::Eric Gordan is made of glass. I wish we can just let him go .
mojart::vasquez with 6 turnover...we really need a PG
Ireland297::Its better to have Vasquez play then Rivers
mojart::nope...i want rivers to play....vasquez is really a backup PG in this league...even a 3rd option...hornets are playing the slowest pace in the nba....bcoz vasquez is the slowest PG (starter) in the nba
Young_Guru303::Yeah, seems like you have two scoring PG's. No one to really distribute.
Young_Guru303::Was really hoping I was going to get to see Davis play, shame he's been out so much... Hope its not a recurring thing. That being said, solid win by the Nuggets against a "dangerously" bad team.
ESPNisBSNEWS::please tell me nuggets will take care of cupcake teams for the rest of the year...too many losses against bad teams last year
MikeBreenGetGreen::Well done Nuggets, big step forward for Iggy tonight.  Onwards and upwards
IBAR161::Maybe next time hornets
Ireland297::I hope Davis plays tommerow otherwise the result will be the same as today. A blowout. Go Hornets!
layloah::davis is out 2 weeks
Quail_Man01::what happened to Davis?
mojart::stress farcture in the knee
Ireland297::Maybe not if Davis plays
Ireland297::dam not good.
mojart::he will still be out for another week....
mojart::against the clips...no chance....that would be a blowout as well
IBAR161::OKC!!!
IBAR161::Spursss!!
MikeBreenGetGreen::Evan Fournier - the new 'Truth'
NBARefsRimRose::N.O are seriously the most pathetic team ever!
Hunt0123::Nope I think you are referring to the Wizards.
Ireland297::Hornets hater
Kirk-ls-My-Hinrich::Hamilton wow
Manimal 35::I cant believe he got that
dcyxc2004::oh damn? jham
NuggetsnAvs::Evan Fournier &gt; Austin "I got drafted because of my daddy" Rivers
Trivial Psychic::Which means Rivers must be really bad.
JacobGish::Fournier sucks...
Kamikazi02::Our bench players comes into the game n could've hit a 110 points... Sucker!!!
JayFLo47::Honets will score 17 pts in 30 sec...and lose
Ty Lawson .::JHAM!!
IBAR161::Memphiss!!
MikeBreenGetGreen::are you going to just mention the name of all western conference teams?
