psuguy8189::hahahahah i bet all these idiots feel pretty dumb now. lmao
Road dog Red::Cleveland is a JOKE
TheKyrieShow::Look at your profile picture and tell me who is the joke.
brownsjoe::guys we are not far behind first if the pacers lose and we win tomorrow we are in first!!!
Lets_go_mofo::7 assists isn't too shabby, but 2 for 12 is very shabby.
57dino990::whats not to like???
57dino990::ohh yeah we lost
bignut571::Only one game but as I said on draft day, he will be a bust
Brownstownclown::It's just one game people. They've only played together for 3 games (including preseason). But the Cavs desperately need a big man.
CosmoKramer1444::Cleveland,enjoy the overrated Dukie for 2 years and say goodbye.
travisxj8::thompson is better
KingGeorge53::Irving is good.
zachrlee::Irving needs to relax. He's trying to hard to impress in his debut and ended up shooting 2-of-12.
ThaRealAce::The so called "Savior" was a Can!
KingGeorge53::I know.     But Miami is stuck with LeBum now.
rockinvette88::Can someone explain to me why Thompson isn't starting? 14 points in 17 minutes, while Jamison played 31 minutes with only 15 pts...Jamison shot 6-20 while Thompson was damn near perfect from the floor come on give Tristan his due!
1mproperDancing::I think they are trying to showcase Jamison for a trade but it's backfiring because he's terrible.  At this rate the Cavs are going to have to give up a first rounder just to get someone to take Jamison from us.
jnfirsttube::Geez, 1 game for a 19 year old and everyone's done with him? Haha. He'll be fine, they have a great point guard to build around. Tristan Thompson was a beast, great pick. As soon as these cast-off Lebron era vets are gone they'll be fine. I'm not worried about Kyrie, I'm worried about the pitiful defense that was played by the whole team. Toronto was doing whatever they wanted, wide open dunks and layups all night.
57dino990::YESS I AGREE....PPL HES ONLY 19
ClevelandsPOWND::Visions of pick-n-roll in their dreams. We got burned badly by that ALONE. Wonder what the focus will be at practice today. O_o
Thrash44041::Well, Im shocked another $@%!$@ draft pick from the losers in the front office.  Dan Gilbert  needs to get rid of the aholes in the front office and get some real talent evaluators,   The garbage we draft is pathetic.  Andy Verajo (sp) is our best drafted player.  Sad.
1mproperDancing::This is the first time we've actually had high draft picks since Gilbert took over the team, and it was one game from a 19-year-old rookie who only played 11 games in college and is starting on a bad team after a virtually non-existent pre-season and a severely shortened training camp.  You'll notice that almost every rookie who played yesterday put up pretty bad shooting numbers.  Thompson is one of the few exceptions, and that is primarily because he takes all of his shots around the rim.  The jump-shooting guys all looked pretty bad.  What's encouraging to me is that Irving's passing game looked really good.  Once his shot starts falling, and it will, he'll be playing much better.
Shaggzillla::Actually whats sad is the fact that your complaining about who the Cavs drafted and yet you don't have the first clue that the Cavs never drafted Varejao, they traded for him.  Varejao was drafted by the Magic and traded to Cleveland along with Drew Gooden and Steven Hunter for Tony Battie and two second round draft picks!
soldier00013::well Cleveland is on their way to breaking their own record losing streak
KingGeorge53::What record would that be?
CoreyBlair31::http://sportsblogette.blogspot.com/  Kyrie better play well this season
Heat_Fins_Marlins_Canes::Norris Cole &gt; Kyrie Irving
57dino990::ehh
CandySparker::Raptors : Yes We CAN.
LoveBall04::I don't want to get too excited, but for the most part last night, that was some good defensive movement and great offensive spacing and ball movement.  Definitely in the right direction...bring on the Pacers.
Shanghaibuck::Sully to Cleveland!
MilitaryMotivation::Irving played ok and didnt look too nervouse for his first game.Personally i wouldve took  D-Will  if i were the cavs but we will see after the season whos choices pan out.
Giggityiggity::Haters are gonna hate.  Kyrie still had 7 assists to 1 TO which is what we want to see out of a PG.  He didn't shoot the ball well and that happens to every player at some point.  If he did nothing well and couldn't be coached, he'd be a waste of a draft pick.   I think D-Will will be a good player in his own right.  In comparing the two's 1st games, I see that D-Will had 7 more points on 4 more made field goals with 1 assist.  So assuming every assist is 2 pts, D-Will accounted for 15 of his team's points and Kyrie accounted for 20 of his team's points.  When you add in the fact that teams would likely try to shop for Sessions, I think Kyrie was still the best player available in the draft.
HateBrass::Kyrie Irving-can you same Kwame Brown or Greg Oden?
MilitaryMotivation::HateBrass please quit posting your thoughts as it would be more entertaining to  watch you play in traffic.
Coach Mike Browns Spit Cup Full Of Sherman Klump::U MAD BOUT VAREJAO BRO?
Coach Mike Browns Spit Cup Full Of Sherman Klump::I did it with LeBrons mammy.
HateBrass::I knew Cleveland was silly back in 1990 when they decided that Danny Ferry was worth trading Ron Harper for.  They drafted Brad Daugherty in 1986 first and he was the softest brother ever to play in the middle.  But whoever sold management on drafting Irving over Derrick Williams was the same fool that had the contract laid out for LBJ to resign.  Hell Williams put Irving's team out of the NCAA tournament last year.
KingGeorge53::Except that D Williams sucked in his first game as well, coming off the bench as a back up to a back up.     pffffffft.
Shaggzillla::The only thing even remotely smart about this comment is how dumb the Harper/Ferry trade was.  the 86 draft came down to Daugherty or Len Bias and last I checked Bias died two days after being drafted 2nd overall because of a cocaine overdose.  the next best pick in the top 10 that year was chuck person and then Ron Harper by the Cavs.  lets not forget the Cavs also got Mark Price in that same draft in a trade with the Mavs!
Thrash44041::So true, So true.  Very well put.
HateBrass::If you're a NBA GM, draft Connecticut players or John Calipari point guards.  STAY AWAY FROM DUKE PLAYERS!  Connecticut-Ray Allen, Rip Hamilton, Ben Gordon, Emeka Okefor, Kemba Walker, Rudy Gay, Charlie V and Caron Butler.   Calapari players-Rose, Evans, Wall and Knight.  Duke players are soft!
Shaggzillla::Uconn players are you serious!  Allen comes from a completely different era, Hamilton, Gordon and Charlie V all played on the Pistons the last few years how were they!  Kemba Walker has a lot to prove yet, Caron Butler has been a good 6th man and if ask anyone who they could take in 2004 draft when Okafor was taken 2nd behind Dwight Howard, I'll bet guys like Kevin Martin, Jamer Nelson, Devin Harris, Loul Deng, Andre Igoudala, Al Jefferson and Josh Smith woulld all go over him!  I can't argue with the Kentucky players because those are some solid guys but Knight has to prove himself.
randymossallday::not a cavs fan but i like Thompson's energy....he works really hard in the paint.
bradonlywins::Cavs should get rid of jamison and let thompson get lots of mins to develop him
HateBrass::Cleveland should have learned with the Danny Ferry for Ron Harper move that you DON'T draft OVERRATED Duke players in the first round.  Let's do a history exam: Danny Ferry-BUST Grant Hill-soft, one time out of first round and that was with Phoenix two years ago. SOFT. Christian Laettner-NBA Bust. Johnny Dawkins-Never became a star by a serviceable NBA player. Elton Brand-good stats but no leader. Carlos Boozer-ststas but soft as hell. Corey Maggette-great talent but scores and nothig else. Mike Dunleavy-Journeyman. Bobby Hurley-was going to be a bust and accident saved him from officially becoming a bust. Jason Williams-was going to be a star but accident ended his career. Ala Adanabody-BUST. Trajan Langdon_bust William Avery-Bust Gerald Henderson Jr.-role player Shane Battier-career role player Kyle Singler-stayed in Spain because he knew he would be another NBA Bust Jay Bilas-horrible in college  Mark Alarie-Bust Mike Giminski-NBA role player Gene Banks-NBA role player Geoff Mullins-NBA role player Jim Sparnarkel-NBA role player KYLIE Irving-WILL BE A BUST!
Coach Mike Browns Spit Cup Full Of Sherman Klump::Summary: still wears tighty whities.
randymossallday::Brand was a beast. he was a 20-10 guy before he his knee Injury. i agree he isn't a leader but he never really played with anyone that was, its not his personality to be a leader.
HateBrass::Another stats guy who was too small to defend bigger players. That's why Chicago traded him to LA to get the draft rights to Curry and Chandler-high schoolers.  Corey Maggette is a beast athletically but a bad fundamental player who keeps getting traded.  Mike Dunleavy has been passed around because he can't defend.  Josh McRoberts, another NBA bust.  Shane Battier is the perfect example of the Duke player overhyped in college that is very limited once he reaches the NBA.
HateBrass::It's like JJ Reddick not being able to create his own shot because Duke doesn't have five great shooters on the court in the NBA playing with him.  As great as Grant Hill was, he could never get Detroit out of the first round in the playoffs because he played soft when it came time to winning. In 17 years, out of first round ONE TIME and he was a role player then.  Draft Connecticut, North Carolina, Kentucky, Texas or UCLA players but stay away from the soft and overrated Duke players.  I laughed when I heard Cleveland was drafting this guy because he won't last two years there.  It's like Chicago drafting Brand first, he wins Rookie of the Year and they trade him after two years.
RayKrebbs1978::Are you serious about Grant Hill?  He had great years in Detroit, great years.  He was one of the best players in the NBA.  You're an idiot.
HateBrass::Grant Hill was good for stats like Tracy McGrady and Stephon Marbury were. Like Hill, they never got out of the first round either but you never heard anyone EVER mentioning Hill because he was a good guy and they liked him.  Finally, Stoudamire and Nash got him out of the first round two years ago.  Folks in Detroit were happy when he left.  Two years after we got rid of him, we were competing for a NBA title.
HateBrass::I'm from Detroit and I can tell you he did nothing in Detroit and as soon as we got rid of him for Ben Wallace, we started winning.  In three playoffs trips, he lost twice to Atlanta, getting outplayed in key games by Duane Ferrell and Tyrone Corbin.  In a three game sweep against Orlando, Penny hardaway outplayed him.  Our best postseason player was Allan Houston and he got tired of Hill getting all the credit because of his nice guy Duke repuation and left for the Knicks.  He went to Orlando, was injured but he should have been let go the second year.  Hill couldn't handle the pressure in Detroit trying to carry the Pistons the way Isiah did early in his Piston career.  Stay away from Duke players.  They don't became stars (Hill for six years and that was it). Most become busts.  Great college careers.  Hell Battier was the college player of the year and Washington took Kwame Brown. Jordan said for years Duke players are horrible NBA players.  Ferry was college player of the year in 1989 and became a big bust. Dawkins was college player of year in 1986 and was nothing in the NBA.  JJ Reddick became a NBA bust after being college player of the year.
bradonlywins::Cavs should get rid of jamison and let thompson get lots of mins to develop him
RayKrebbs1978::Are you people stupid?  I mean are you really that stupid?  one game and you're going to say drafting Kyrie Irving number 1 was a mistake.  WOW WHAT A BUNCH OF IDIOTS YOU ARE.  Check this out - http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_2
HateBrass::Cleveland should have drafted Derrick Williams or traded that pick for a star player to build around.  Irving is a ballhog and trust me, he is nowhere near the player Jason Williams was when he came out of Duke.  Chris Duhon is another Duke player who has been apssed around like a chick at a escort service.
RayKrebbs1978::One game?  One game?   He had 7 assists and one turnover tonight?  You don't mantion that do you.  he's a point guard.  Kyrie Irving is a point guard and you are an idiot.
HateBrass::When  he has to guard Chris Paul, Deron Williams, Derrick Rose, Rondo, Monta Ellis, Russell Westbrook-all are going to school him just because he is a Duke player.  Two years in NBA watch before he is sent packing! Should have taken Derrick Williams.  He couldn't even outplayed Jose Calderon.
HateBrass::Yes, Duke players are overrated coming out of college.  They look good in college because Coach K gets the top prep school players or rich kids of pro athletes and he doesn't develop them individually and when they get in the NBA, they lack the one on one skills to succeed.  Kylie Irving in 11 career games was hardly the best player in the nation. Not even close. He can drive but his jumper is suspect and he can't defend anyone.  Tim Legler bragged about he had a good preseason and I was like what game was he watching?  He scored 21 in the first game against Detroit despite shooting 4 of 18 with 5 turnovers.  Did I mention JJ Reddick!
Antsea91::2-12, 1-5.... looks like cavs made another mistake.
MilitaryMotivation::After the one game? Wow ur dumb!
jimkamlowsky::The Cavs played absolutely ZERO defense tonight, and Antawn Jamison sucked as usual. I foresee another long season!
averymicheal0923::Hey Cleveland fans. I know you think Dan Gilbert is a great owner, but if that's true, why would NBA players rather play for Donald Sterling?
HateBrass::Cleveland is jinxed.  You win 57 games with the Cavs and Jordan beats your team by yourself.  LeBron choked in the 2007 Finals, 2009 and 2010 ECF.  Indians were three outs from winning 1997 World Series and the dumb manager took the best pitcher out who was pitching well for the inconsistent reliever who should have been in the movie Major League.  The Browns in 1987 choked when they had a team buried deep in thier own area and they marched down the field. The next year your guy just dropped the ball.  1964-47 years and no titles.  Just a bad luck town.  Cheer up, you still have Bones and Thug Harmony!
kingbeast11::i wonder how gilbert feels now about his gaurantee to win a championship before lebron
yes i am Dan Gilbert::no i said cleveland would win a championship..... there's the browns
brownsjoe::cavs we got it this season!!
winfield47::I thought barbosa was out with an injury, but apparently not. he played well. So did Davis. I wonder if they can get Amir, Davis, and Bargs on the court together since they are all best fit at the PF spot.
peetlepie::As long as Dan Gilbert owns the Cavs they will not be able to attract premier free agents. They will struggle for a long time.
i liked this comment::go away troll
yes i am Dan Gilbert::he has a point.....i really screwed up
lebronzeerorings::Waste a pick on a brittle Dookie, get what you pay for.
averymicheal0923::Why did Cleveland fans believe LeBron would stay there? Didn't he leave a leave a contract extension unsigned on Gilbert's desk for 2 years?
i liked this comment::who cares about lebron, just  go away............
Dont worry not gay::I smell a bust....
brownsjoe::drop jamison!!
i liked this comment::he just needs a little time to shake the rust off...........i hope
brownsjoe::trade him for 96k
TheKyrieShow::trade him for a 2025 2nd round pick! ANYTHING WOULD BE NICE.
Antsea91::They amnestied baron davis lol. Cavs are screwed
inglehacker::Who the heck would give you a pick for Jamison?  Did the Cavs amnesty anyone?  I can't imagine why they wouldn't amnesty him, unless they're just looking for lottery positioning next year.
brownsjoe::ay realistically our division looks bad this year we can win this division we arent a bad team we had some players step up i like our chances this season not bad
RayKrebbs1978::Brownsjoe you have obviously been watching to much bad football to realize the cavs will win 20 to 25 games at the most.  If you really think they will win more.  Then you should just go jump of the upper deck at Browns Stadium.
Antsea91::Cavs will nver finish ahead of the bulls.... and this is coming from someone who hates fakeass drose
brownsjoe::you prob just looked at the score tonight the cavs were a lot better than i thought they would dont get me wrong i understand we played a lottery pick team we are just believing the whole reasonn us cleveland fans are still here
inglehacker::Bulls played poorly, and still won a road game against a team that won 57 games last year.  On the other hand, you lost to a team that won 22 games last year.  If you think there's a universe where you finish ahead of the Bulls, then Cleveland has a drug problem.  Indiana was much better than the Cavs last year and will be much improved this year.  West-Granger-Collison-Hibbert-George is a lot of talent.  You won't touch them.  Even if you "match up well", they will win far more games than you will.  Bucks will probably be better than you too, because Bogut is much better than anyone you have and they can center the game around him.  But if they have injuries or lack chemistry, you have an outside shot to overtake them.  Pistons look a little better than you.  It could go either way, but I'd bet on the Pistons.
brownsjoe::bulls barely beat the lakers and the lakers suck this year then they lose to the warriors WTF! then next the pacers i think we match up well against them i think we have a legitimate chance at winning this division, we had some players step up this is a good looking team
inglehacker::If everything breaks perfectly you might get 3rd in the division, but if I were putting money on it I'd go with 4th or 5th.
averymicheal0923::People don't GO to Cleveland. People END UP in Cleveland.
markiemarkbc::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MA7vdBgtspo
i liked this comment::jealous?
peetlepie::Well at least Cavs fans can still blame LeBron for everything.
i liked this comment::seems to me you are the only person talking about lebron, we could care less, you need to let it go bro......................
markiemarkbc::at least you can still blame your parents and a poor education system
i liked this comment::i hate chicago, but i hope chicago hates lebron more and kicks the heats $@% whenever they play
inglehacker::They better be a lot more motivated then they were last year.
TheKyrieShow::This should be a board for Raptors and Cavs fans. Not Lebron bandwagoners who hate on Cleveland even though they've never been within 100 miles of it.
markiemarkbc::"Hey everyone in the trailer fell asleep, let's go post about how great LeBron is on Cavs boards!" - Peetlepie
peetlepie::They should have been thankful that he made them better than they have ever been.
markiemarkbc::trolololololol
markiemarkbc::Cavs fans were put off by LeBron leaving the last day of free agency. To each there own as they say. You really got LeBron that far down your throat that you get on boards to defend his honor?
TheKyrieShow::Obvious to everyone but Cleveland. I guess you don't remember him saying "I've got a goal, and thats to bring an NBA championship to Cleveland, And I wont stop until I do."  He was supposed to be the guy, but he just bailed on every cavs fan, and his own dignity as a basketball player. And no one is going to let us move on because his fans are so F*cking stupid.
markiemarkbc::I was shocked that he was so classless to wait until the last day to officially announce it on T.V. and then even more shocked to see that ignorant people like you are shocked that people are upset. If you were a Cavs fan you would embrace him? Stop trolling and ruining these boards.
doctorjd23::Assuming you are a Cavs fan... were you really shocked he left?  I mean would it of even been worthy of being on tv if he was announcing he was staying?  No, it was obvious from the moment he ripped his jersey off after losing game six to boston that he was never going to be playing in a Cleveland uniform again.  The rest of the world saw it, why didn't you guys.
markiemarkbc::you should work for ESPN with your super sports insight.
doctorjd23::It was obvious he was gonna go on live tv and announce he was not staying in Cleveland.... the only shock was Miami instead of Chicago or New York.
TheKyrieShow::Should they have patted him on the back and wished him good luck?
doctorjd23::actually your close....they should have thanked him for making your city relevant again.  Should have thanked him for all the jobs he brought to the area, should have thanked him for giving you six great years....but it's what have you done for me lately right.
doctorjd23::I'll second that peet
peetlepie::Maybe people were put off by the way Cavs fans reacted to LeBron Leaving.
i liked this comment::blah blah blah
doctorjd23::aww....need a hug...don't blame us for not being born there...and let's face it nobody moves there voluntarily
TheKyrieShow::ha. exactly what I'm talking about.
doctorjd23::whoa...hold on there rookie, the whole world isn't watching the Cavs/Raptors game... matter of fact I doubt the whole Cleveland area was watching... lol kids these days.
peetlepie::Ricky Rubio looked better than Kyrie.
i liked this comment::all i have to say is the mavs and lakers have twice as many losses as the cavs...........things are looking up......hehehe
KyleBeers84::why did Ed Davis only play 18 minutes? i thought he was gonna be the starter over A. Johnson.
winfield47::they both were really impressive tonight, it'll be interesting to see how the raptors handle having 3 solid pf's
Were_all_one::Dont care about Irving, im not impressed,  he'll never replace Lebron,  and you, the cavs, will always s uck till the end of time   lol
Internet_Censorship::Santa left Dan Gilbert a lump of coal
peetlepie::Dan Gilbert is a lump of coal.
