THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::I see the Nets are the NBA's flop team. They are the only ones getting fined for it. First Evens nor Wallace, smh.
jkub5::Good game, but thunder was just shooting too good to lose.
WVUdude43::Those Thunder jerseys were so stupid.
colosokid::hey heat fans whos ur team in 2 years when bron leaves lol riddle me this cause it sure wont be the heat anymore lol
jperry755::.....says the troll who has no favorite team on his profile......rofl.
colosokid::the greatest thing about u dumb $@% heat fans is to see what team u jump on when bron leaves and its going to be so obivous lol
jgman87::B. oob ies
LorengeU2::The Thunder bench played 60 minutes, the Nets bench played 56 minutes. The Nets were without their starting center and backup center and had to play Blatche 26 minutes as a result which brings the Nets bench minutes up to an actual 82 minutes. More than a third more than the Thunder and they were without their best bench player in Evans.   I agree, complain about something else.
nixourbis::The Nets have one of the better scoring benches in the league. If you wanna complain about Avery Johnson, complain about something else.
TommyNJ::Without Lopez only losing by 6 is an accomplishment. If Lopez plays the Nets win easily. It was still a great game to watch.
jkub5::They do NOT win "easily" if at all
BestNThaNation::Brook changes this game. The Nets like to play slow. They could not without their leading scorer. Blatche played well but he doesn't command a play drawn up for him like Brook does. Brooklyn played OKCs game because they had to. You can't feed blatche and expect to win. It's nice to see that Brooklyn played well and took OKCs best shot and responded. Nets are better than I anticipated early on. Joe johnson is killing the Nets as well. A rematch of the finals..I dont think OKC is better than last year. Last year the Lakers outplayed them in the series. Not to mention Memphis and San Antonio, it's not a given in the West
OU-Thunder::If my aunt had nuts she would have been my uncle.  The Thunder rested Durant more than most games. If they felt threatened in that game they would have played differently. Stop living in the what if. It makes ya look like a bad fan.
BestNThaNation::Evans*
BestNThaNation::They would have beat anyone shooting 60% and shooting 80+ % from the line. Thunder are elite but Brooklyn offers an elite player with a well rounded team to battle with OKC.
BestNThaNation::The result with Brook and Lopez Is Rebounds and time of possession. Free throws that brook makes constantly slows the game down and the Thunder wouldn't be in a groove like they were most likely. Thunder are a better team but not by much.
LorengeU2::OKC averages 76.2 Field Goal Attempts per game while Brooklyn averages 81.4. Last night OKC shot only 66 times while Brooklyn shot 91 times. The difference in their pace of play is from running off of steals on the perimeter, OKC gets more and more frequently turns that into offense (20pts to 9pts last night). Brooklyn controlled the boards last night and the ball and dictated the pace of play, it wasn't decided by the Thunder.  Brooklyn is a very good team and should end up third in the standings. Both Lopez and Evans will be used to get them there. However, the finals will be a rematch of last year. The Nets got away with a contest by having a backup play extremely well and having the Thunder off their game. If the Thunder didn't miraculously shoot 60% the Nets would have even won the game. I'm just saying that last night you expected to miss Lopez and Evans but you didn't. Your boys picked up a heavy load and nearly pulled it out. You should be excited by their desire.
BestNThaNation::The Thunder played poorly? They shot 60% from the field. That was there best game against a good team in Brooklyn. My hunch is if the Nets had Lopez and Evans they win. They run offense for Brook which slows the game down and prevents the opposition from having many possessions which is a strong suit for OKC. Thunder were hot and that's what you take from the game. Its a good loss for Brooklyn because they can play with the elite at their own game. With Brook the Nets play their game, which is good basketball for the playoffs! Overall, great players played great. Was a great game.
LorengeU2::Shooting well doesn't mean they played well. They looked lethargic and didn't run much of an offense until they went into Durant isolation mode when the game got close. They shot amazingly well, but nevertheless were off their game. They wouldn't have beaten any great team with their performance last night and they are capable of beating everybody.
LorengeU2::Brook Lopez: Points 18.5 / Rebounds 6.8 / Assists 0.8 / Blocks 2.5 / Steals 0.5 / Turnovers 1.7  Andray Blatche Last Night: Points 19 / Rebounds 11 / Assists 1 / Blocks 0 / Steals 3 / Turnovers 1  The Nets had the benefit of Blatche doubling his normal numbers last night. They should have lost a great deal without Lopez and Evans, but they didn't. They went into the game feeling it would be no contest without Lopez and Evans but managed to keep it close because guys like Blatche stepped up and the Thunder played poorly. The Nets need to do more than get healthy if they want to hang with the Thunder.
LorengeU2::Nets Average: Points 96.2 / Rebounds 42.1 / Assists 21.6 / Blocks 5.24 / Steals 6.94 / Turnovers 13.6 / Points Allowed in the Paint 43.8  Nets Last Night: Points 111 / Rebounds 40 / Assists 22 / Blocks 1 / Steals 7 / Turnovers 12 / Points Allowed in the Paint 44  Only noticeable differences were fewer blocks and a lot more points. They lost because the Thunder are better. 60.6% from the field, with 18 of 40 makes coming outside the paint, Lopez and Evans didn't create this loss.
The Thunder City::Ahh...come on now.
Kitastrophy::The only reason the Nets were in the game was due to the fact that Williams was putting on a circus performance!
beavis4play::thunder really struggling without  harden........S
oSuCowboyAdam::only a 80% record
ThunderHornz::Sweet!
JustAnotherIdiotYouShouldIgnore::Oh and Brooklyn will never get close to a ring with Joe Johnson. I read that was a factor in Williams staying? Both Williams and the Nets will be regretting that by the end of the season. My brother is a huge Hawks fan and I have heard it all. He is unwatchable, he dribbles for 15 seconds and then takes an awful shot. That is his offensive game.
bwp2bruce::Jerry Stackhouse still in the league but Iverson isn't?
jperry755::Thug, maybe.  Team cancer, no.  Having a disagreement with your coach doesnt make you a cancer.  Then having the one coach he liked get canned didnt help.
JustAnotherIdiotYouShouldIgnore::Iverson is a thug and a team cancer. Stackhouse is a role model and still has game.
JustAnotherIdiotYouShouldIgnore::I'm actually kind of impressed with Brooklyn so far. They were banged up in this game and put up a nice fight. With that said, they want no part of my Heat. We seem to be a matchup nightmare for them.
The Thunder City::Lets not EVEN talk about the Heat right now. LOL!
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::The Wizards say they can handle your heat any night any place. Wait they proved that last night.
sec.ofdefense::JOE JOHNSON!! STOP SHOOTING SO MUCH!!!!!
jmoose76::The Nets will regret that signing. I said it before. I was livid when I heard the Knicks were interested in him. Thank the lord we didnt go that route.
Old Fish 01::KD is the beez kneez
Edudlufetips3::those okc jerseys are SWEEET
adimitri30::they were kind of lame...was at the game and they are too dark, they looked like they should be Brooklyn's alternate jersey or something.
lake_405::True dat I love them!!
kevmart1969::Ive been using a betting system named Sportsbettingstar the past few months now. i doubled my starting balance my first month using this system and made over $3,000 my second month. You can find this system on google by searching basketball betting system.
jballantyne553::$@%!$@% you both owe me $3,000 dollars..yeah i said it!
tillersouthpaw::I use my own betting system. If people actually use yours, God help them.
tillersouthpaw::I'm only going to say this once. If OKC doesn't win a championship with Perk, then they owe everything to him. Before he came to OKC, they were soft. He made them all tougher. From the point to the center, they all listened and it showed. KD growled. Westbrook pushed. Ibaka jumped. Perkins is the perfect bootcamp leader.
sec.ofdefense::you 2 all over that peek d. bottom half center.
kshawn678::Perk will also be a factor against the Lakers vs Dwight since he used to enjoy beating up on him back when he was a Celtic
Rezo201::New Orleans Pelicans? I want to laugh, but the Nets were THIS close to being the NJ Swamp Dragons. Yup.
lance_baldwin_lbst::I would take Ibaka over any other power forward in the league because of his defensive abilities. Nobody wants to come into the lane with Ibaka swatting everywhere.
i hate all jews including mel gibson::As far as this year goes, and don't call me crazy.  Ibaka&gt;Howard
tillersouthpaw::Your not Crazy. You are just realizing that the best team in the NBA isn't in L.A.
Rezo201::Right now, I have to agree. Ibaka is improving and Howard is still not fully himself.
Rezo201::Someone is going to give up a lot to get Varejao and regret it. His rebounding numbers are mostly based on playing on a bad team that misses a lot of shots. You put him on a good shooting team and he is a role player. One of the contending teams will make that mistake.
adimitri30::not true....hustle will always get rebounds no matter good or bad teams...some ppl are just glass eaters like Varejao, Evans, Love, etc.
tillersouthpaw::Most likely Houston
tillersouthpaw::Why OKC likes Perk. He almost lifted Ibaka off the ground ,by slapping him in the back of the head, for a simple foul to keep a cheap basket from going in. The shooter missed both free throws. Ibaka slapped Perkins up the floor.
tillersouthpaw::defense wins championships!
i hate all jews including mel gibson::Oh btw Serge is the #1 rated PF as far as fantasy rankings go. All star??
chuwaay::Only if Kevin Love and Blake Griffin decide not to participate unfortunately. You know those all-star ballots are popularity contests...
ForeverGrapeOKC::Serge should make it this year
i hate all jews including mel gibson::He should start this year.
Rezo201::You can only truly enjoy so much money in your life, when you have anywhere near $100 million you will never come close to enjoying it all (unless you're stupid). The interest off that money alone is insane. What you can enjoy to the fullest is being a champion and forever having that title added to your name. James Harden made a poor decision and he will regret it.
Ontario925::If lots of money and fame success is so good for any human soul to fill their soul with complete peace contentment then why the hell did an NFL player selfishly take the life of a child's mother then turned a gun on himself in front of his child. Now the child's life is without their birth mother and father.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Has nothing y to do with the Harden move. Oh and second he didn't kill him self in front of his kid. He did it in the parking lot at the teams practice building. Why do people twist things to make their point when their points is garbage.
ForeverGrapeOKC::Rezo201 - Even better, OKC could try to find a way to get Dwight. Maybe trade Ibaka to clear cap? I don't know, but a Howard/Durant/Westbrook trio would be insane. -------------------------------------------------------------- Why would we want Dwight??? The Lakers are the worst FT shooting team in the league. We are the best. We dont want him contaminating our team
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Are you stupid. Serge is a beast, shot blocking machine  and second Howard is a cancer I wouldn't want his cry baby ways anywhere near this team. I'm glad the fakers have him.
Rezo201::Howard is a beast, he is coming off of a serious surgery. By the end of the season and going into next season he will be his normal self. The man can put up 20 and 15 on any given night. That is highly rare.
i hate all jews including mel gibson::I would rather have the best shot blocker in the league than the worst FT shooter.
tillersouthpaw::Please God, don't let Dwight Howard come to OKC!
i hate all jews including mel gibson::Serge Ibaka is shooting 60 percent this year, that still baffles me. I wish he would take more shots, he could easily average 20 ppg.
Ontario925::I love all humans but I dislike the hate comments from people like Mel Gibson.
tillersouthpaw::In games, KD and Russ yell, "Shoot it." That was last year. This year, he took notes.
Rezo201::I remember watching Ibaka a couple of years ago thinking he was never going to be more than a super athletic beast with no true game. He has developed a solid mid range shot and some post moves. He will get a bit better still.
Calvin Johnson 1849 Yards::more shots = lower shooting percentage. He is perfect for his role right now
i hate all jews including mel gibson::In some cases that is true, Serge has developed a phenomanal offensive game. Even if he shot 55 percent and averaged 20 ppg Im sure no one would complain.
tillersouthpaw::I love Harden, (but) can anyone tell me why a team would trade their best player and 2 first round pics and a 2nd round pick and their current 1st round pick for a player that didn't start? SMH, Thanks Houston. We love you James. Sorry you have to play for a team like that.
jkub5::Harden can be a star for many teams, OKC isn't one of them obviously (with durant and westbrook). Can't blame him for wanting the potential to be the star and get the paycheck that comes along with it... I think it was a win/win for Harden and OKC. He's def better than Joe Johnson and flirts with triple doubles often. All around he's solid and any team would benefit having him. If Houston didn't give up so much for him they would be putting together a solid team in the next few years
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Presti has been a miracle worker. It's seems that every player he picks out of a draft end up being an All-Star player. Like KD, Russ, Serge, Harden. I'm sure glad he works for the THUNDER.
Rezo201::I guess, I am trying to say he is like Joe Johnson.
tillersouthpaw::If he doesn't get the chapionships, OKC has a ton of trading with the picks. Sam Presti is a genius.
tillersouthpaw::We get it. In 2 years K-Mart will have 2 championships and Harden will have money.
Rezo201::Harden is a tweener in my opinion. He is better than most starters at his position, but he isn't star quality. Does that make sense? lol
Calvin Johnson 1849 Yards::why are you sorry? He chose to play for a bad team when he wouldn't accept the Thunder's offer which was, in my opinion, too high to be honest.
i hate all jews including mel gibson::I don't think James was ever meant to be a starter, the guy is only shooting 42 percent this year.
tillersouthpaw::Thank you Kevin Martin for making the OKC Thunder a team. I had no idea we what we were missing.
Ontario925::One good thing we all should agree on. It's nice to see the Lakers continue losing and failing the last couple of years after hogging most of the 2000 to 2010 decade.
bubbaak59::Perk for Asik. That kid can play. Howard brings too much drama.
Rezo201::Even better, OKC could try to find a way to get Dwight. Maybe trade Ibaka to clear cap? I don't know, but a Howard/Durant/Westbrook trio would be insane.
Matthew Borba::No way would we trade Ibaka. Perk with a package would be ideal.
Rezo201::Yup, it will be even better if Dwight decides to jump ship after this season and go somewhere else. Then the Lakers will have who after Kobe is gone in 2 years? If I am Dwight I am looking big picture. Kobe and Nash are at the end of road, he might end up on a team the same caliber as his Magic teams for a few seasons. He should go to Dallas or Houston.
airic.ad::Brooklyn has a lot of pride in its grit.  I think it's a great place for the Nets to rebuild their reputation.
Rezo201::I have to say, it's weird seeing 2,000 comments, I am still not use to that. In the past, we would have about 100+ comments for an entire game board. Sad, but it's the truth. haha
NYKWitness::This game must have been poor defensively.  Both point guards shot over 40%!!!
Rezo201::The Nets D was very poor, I am very disappointed in them. They have been great all season, but it seemed like they just wanted to shoot it out. The Nets weren't even running out to shooters or fighting through screens.
Matthew Borba::They were playing the #1 offensive team in the league, give them a little leniency.
Rezo201::Brooklyn is playing for pride and respect. We (fans) and they (team) know they aren't winning a title this year, it's about building credibility and a winning foundation. You have to get there before you can get to a championship level.
Ontario925::Yes. Remember when the Nets used to lose even at home in NJ to a bunch of crap teams a couple years ago. They belong in Brooklyn not New Jersey.
Ontario925::Let's be realistic very few Eastern Conference teams have dominated winning the NBA Championship over again since 1999 outside of the Bulls Dynasty teams in the 90's. The only previous repeating East team was the Pistons in 1989 and 1990.
crivera330::Lebron in last years playoffs.
Rezo201::Let's be honest, only 8 different teams have won a championship in the last 25 years. The NBA is pretty much like the WWE of pro sports. It's built on superstars who get superstar treatment. Very few teams have a realistic chance.
Ontario925::The same can be said of the NFL.
Rezo201::We probably would have won if we had all our guys, but we didn't. This isn't the NJ Nets anymore, I am not giving them any credit unless they win. They played well on offense, but it was their worst defensive performance this season. They get no pat on the back from me, they just need to get healthy.
crivera330::Avery Johnson: When can we go back to playing the bums of the league? We don't like it when we play the better teams. David Stern how about some more scheduling help
Ontario925::The Nets have lost 6 games. 4 of them against Western Conference teams. The Knicks have lost 4 games. 3 of them against Western Conference teams. Interesting to note the only Eastern Conference team to beat the Nets are the Heat the NBA Champions. They lost twice against the Heat.
tillersouthpaw::LOL....Brooklyn Nets fans depending on Lopez and Evans....LOL
NYKWitness::one scores in bunches but rebounds like a point guard.  the other rebounds like a freak, but couldn't throw it in the ocean.
ForeverGrapeOKC::Nets fans got excuses. Guess what? We would beat you with or without Lopez and Evans
markdexter11::Who said the Nets weren't good?? They are. But right now, according to that 117-111 final score, it looks like the Thunder are better.
jmachs88@aim.com::You Nets fans are f'n annoying and sad. All I hear is bitcching that you weren't healthy. Yet when you beat the Knicks it didn't make a difference that instead of Kidd playing felton played and went 3-19 from the field...only then you nets fans all said it didn't matter if Kidd played. Pot calling the kettle black. You lost plain and simple. Grow up
crivera330::Knicks are in first place. Why are you concerned with their record vs the Cavs?
jmachs88@aim.com::I reiterate, grow up. Next?
jmachs88@aim.com::Nice comeback? Lol That was this year? Refresh my memory
Ontario925::The Nets at least know how to win 3 out of 4 games against the lowly Cavaliers last year and beat them each year without Lebron James. The Knicks still have not done that since 2004-05.
James Harden 3 point Celebration::Thunder up. You New york fans are psycho
Ontario925::Shut up jerk.
tillersouthpaw::I will agree with you on that one Ontario
i hate all jews including mel gibson::Net fans make more excuses than Laker fans, your team is overrated and overpayed.
Ontario925::Typical most ignorant comment from Oklahoma and Texas sport team fans.
RDavison82::They should move the Bills to OKC we will turn them into winners.
tillersouthpaw::says the man, or woman, who's favorite athlete came from Oklahoma. Thurman Thomas
HoraceGrants::Nice jerseys OKC
tillersouthpaw::Best seller in the NBA. I really think every player in the NBA wishes they were wearing one.
tillersouthpaw::Don't get to excited Nets fans. This was the 1st time this year that Brooks took KD out for as long as he did. There was no foul Trouble and the Thunder weren't up by 20. He just wanted to test the bench.
Ontario925::Why are so many Dallas area sport team fans like you appear like the biggest ignorant jerks every year. Even back in the early 90's they had the most ignorant jerks in the country.
tillersouthpaw::Oh yeah! Minnesotta. lol. I forgot about K Love. He wishes he was in OKC too. SMH
Ontario925::Focus on your own Conference Texas Rangers fan.
tillersouthpaw::UTAH, DENVER, PORTLAND and Seattle?
smiley4284::Guess Net fans will have to wait till Jan 2.  Next time bring ur A game:)  Good Luck
ItsSalsaTimeBitches::We'll see you guys again and hopefully at full strength. Bring your A game, fellas. Goodnight.
airemark::Man, some of these guys on here need to suck it up. OKC's bench has 20 games together and are finally playing decently. Mix and match with starters is guess work at best. The whole team is finally beginning to mesh. BK was missing two of their best and still took it down to the last, they're going to win a bunch. Tough loss and a good road win.
ItsSalsaTimeBitches::We were missing 19 points a game, almost 2.5 blocks a game from Lopez. We were also missing 8 rebounds and our best post defender off the bench from Evans. Yet, according to OKC fans that would have made no difference in a 6 point game. LOL
pepex192::Yeah deron williams had his best game of  this year
Ontario925::Jerk Jimmy Kimmel on a rerun of his NYC Halloween show tonight made a bold confident joking prediction for a last place Nets finish in 2012-13 season. God people hate the Nets with so much ignorant comtempt disrespect.
