youngyenom0024::PELICANS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HAAHAAHAHAHAHAHA
Beanslams46::Pelicans are actually a huge bird, and can stand as tall as a man in some cases. They shoot straight down into the ocean to catch fish, but can skim the ocean by just inches in flight. This bird is better than a "duck" and dwarfs seagulls.
leggo_texans::Its a Fn pelican!!
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Lets take a head count here. The Lakers win and Infinite5ammy, Pablo Miguel and El Chicken Loco are no where to be found. Coincidence? I think not.....  Those 3 fools are stuck on dooshe factor 10.
twentyanite::kobe is the greatest laker of all time. tough for me to say because magic is my favorite of all time. but  kobe owns every major laker record including wins and championships. its hard to deny him. top laker and top 5 all time. congrats kob.  I have loved every second of it. on the flipside the lakers have 3 of the top 5 players of all time. crazy.
scabbfan::kobe has never been the best in any year. kobe is no where near the best laker,  get real.
951Antonio::The greatest LA Laker of all time is Kareem Abdul Jabbar!  The guy won 8 titles in LA (three at UCLA). The Lakers gave up the majority of their team in 1975-1976 to get Jabbar. I'm sorry but they don't beat Philly in 1980 and 1982 if Philly didn't have an answer for Jabbar.  They don't beat Boston for the first time ever in 1985 if they had no Jabbar.  They don't repeat in 1988 if Jabbar doesn't hit the two FTs in Game 6 to win by one.  The year after he retired, Magic couldn't get that team out of the second round.  If there was no Jabbar, Magic didn't have the skills to be the go to guy in the clutch from 1980 to 1986.  Magic was great but Jabbar was the one mismatch that other teams just didn't have an answer for.
skip2mylou00::Austin Rivers keep throwing up bricks
Ari5953::great way to end a thursday: http://tinyurl.com/enjoythurs enjoy
0557LastimeIswear::Funny how they make a point of Kobe being the youngest...every other player that made it to 30k went to college...kobe is the slowest to 30k in terms of games played...still an accomplishment...but not as great as they are making it out to be.
Beanslams46::Kobe would have gotten to 30K a lot quicker, but the arrogant pat riley hardly played him in his first 2 seasons. Riles was known not to play rookies, but that was asinine, knowing how good Kobe already was out of high school. Michael Cooper certainly knew that.
elibird54321::It's funny how you still trying to somehow nitpick. He played, but was not getting the minutes or FGA's. He did not even start shooting 17 FGA/GM until his 4th season in the league. Had he been on a crap team and not had to share 8 years playing along side Shaq, he would have all kind of individual records. I'm glad it did not work that way as a Lakers fan, I'll take the titles.
timgentner::what your failing to realize then is kobe was 17 when he entered NBA, needed a few years to develop so he didnt dominate right away where as a guy like Jordan was 21 (4 years older) when he started his career and more prepared to make bigger impact right away, so kobe's mark is just as impressive if not more
theDH24::It doesn't matter how it's done. It's a select group of all time greats he's joined and you have to play on a very high level for a very long time to do it.
BassemRZ::and more shots
BassemRZ::they averaged more minutes and started the majority of their games
GI Joe With The KungFu Grip::Yeah, I know it's just the Hornets, but a win is a win.
weadon13::wizards beat heat so i agree a win is a win
efseamster::It seems that, since the Lakers have been having rebounding issues (particularly offensive rebounding), that it would make more sense to start Jordan Hill at the 4 while Pau is out.  He does not need to have plays run for him, and can concentrate on defense, reboudning, and easy buckets (put-backs, etc.) In addition, it appeared in the Houston game that Chris Duhon and Jordan were showing a bit of chemistry playing together.  If the starting 5 are Duhon, Kobe, MWP, Hill and D12, you can then continue to work on the bench chemistry, particularly that of Jamison and Jodie, which has found success.
elibird54321::It seems like you would not make a good coach. You can't just take a seasoned proven veteran player that is thinking in the first place, if not for Pau I would be a stater on this team and then start Hill in front of him. What you might consider is subbing Hill for Jamison and until the number are clearly in Hill, Jamison would still continue to get the bulk of the playing time.
GI Joe With The KungFu Grip::The rebounding issues are why they won't trade Gasol.  Haven't been able to protect the glass these last two games.
raysiu33::Historic night for Kobe. Awesome. Now, on to the next one! OKC on Friday. Let's go Lakeshow.
darshn22::Trade Gasol for Ryan Anderson.... How dumb were the Magic for letting this guy go...
IsaiahFrancis::also, you're from the freakinn bayou. why not something cool. like the New Orleans Cajuns, or the New Orleans Alligators.
IsaiahFrancis::imagine that, decent defense and minimal turnovers....and it's a blowout. now let's see if they can do it against a team that doesn't suck
nylee64::Kobe is good at what he does but it simple logic that anybody would take a prime Magic Johnson over a prime Kobe if you were building the Lakers from scratch today.
951Antonio::Not even close-Magic!  Magic knew how to use his teammates to get the best out of them and to win. Kobe knew how to $@%! off his teammates because he tried doing it by himself.  Kobe couldn't win titles without Shaq and when there was no Gasol.
elibird54321::It's not that simple. It depends on what type of team you were putting together. Some people would prefer the Magic type, which is great if you have people around him that can score Some people would prefer the MJ type, which is great if you do not have a lot of good offensive personnel.  Kobe is an MJ type player. He is able to win championships with out that much help, because he is a high rate scorer
Ustna9::I had a feeling that the Pelicans were going to lose last night... It's obvious that they were thinking about their big game with the Grizz on Friday.
timgentner::laker fan or not, gotta recognize greatness... kobe has been great for 18 years
weadon13::youngest to reach 30,000...that tells me he is the best to ever play the game,sorry jordan fans
951Antonio::Jordan always shot over 50% except one year in his prime.  Kobe never did that. Jordan shot that well while being guarded at times by three and four players on his shots.
elibird54321::Jordan had more shots. Kobe did not even average 17 FGA's until he 21 years old. That was his 4th season in the league.  Let's try it this way career FGA''s 1. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar - 28307 2. Karl Malone - 26210 3. Michael Jordan - 24537 4. Elvin Hayes - 24272 5. John Havlicek - 23930 6. Wilt Chamberlain - 23497 7. Julius Erving - 23370 8. Kobe Bryant - 23071
0557LastimeIswear::Jordan went to College...Kobe started at 17...Jordan reached 30k in less games than Kobe. In fact Kobe is the slowest (in terms of games played) to reach 30k...
DirrtyBirrd83::he isn't a point guard...he is a shooting guard who averages 5 assists a year...oh and 5 rings...
topplaynominee2013::selfishness also
weadon13::only selfish if other players cant hit bucketd...proven
curb stomp.::Pelicans is good enough  As early as last year national media pundits were still calling us the Charlotte Hornets after 10 years of being in New Orleans  We needed to separate from that and form our own identity
MatthewDead::Lol, Pelicans.
Ustna9::Jamal Crawford&gt;Kobrick
Bandwagons should not post in this site::Like you can ever achieve what Kobe has done. you probably never play basketball your entire life!
rodneycash2008::give it a rest.  its old material, useless9.
Bandwagons should not post in this site::Congrats to Kobe reaching 30,000 points!!!!!  unbelievable achievement
081tom::World Peace in the HOF?  Metta World Peace crossed the 12,000-point milestone Wednesday at New Orleans. He's the 6th player in NBA history with at least 12,000 points, 4,000 rebounds, 1,500 steals and 1,000 3-pointers made (Kobe Bryant, Gary Payton, Reggie Miller, Jason Kidd, Paul Pierce).
951Antonio::Payton, Miller and Kidd, all Pac 10 players, are three of the biggest chokers in the history of the NBA.  Payton had to piggyback Shaq just to get his ring.  Miller blew more titles chances than any player in league history.  Kidd, he only joined every NBA team until he won a ring after his 17th year.
IsaiahFrancis::all of the others are hall of famers
Beef Biscuit::Jordan sent Phil Jackson out with a championship    Kobe sent Phil Jackson out with a broom
kcf17::Kobe and his accomplishments is a fun discussion. Haters can poke holes all over, lovers will argue to the death. I think so much dissenting opinion shows it's tough to accurately place him historically.
timgentner::truest statement by rodney, people just dont know what it takes to dominate the league for 17 plus years... guys like allen iverson tracy mcgrady vince carter were sick players for like 5 years kobe is still top 3 in his 18th season
rodneycash2008::its not hard for the experts.  99.9 percent of basketball fans, including me, has no idea what it takes to play at this level.  People hate him because they hate the Lakers.
nba is the worst::Breaking news: Kobe out of the top 5 in bricks per game! - The league leaders:  1. Monta 10.82  1. 'Melo 10.82  3. Westbrick 10.37  4. Harden 10.18  5. Aldridge 10.00  6. Kobe 9.79  7. Gay 9.69  8. Bargnani 9.61  9. Waiters 9.59  10. Jennings 9.29
hick0ry424::I'm surprised everyone is talking about Kobe's 30K, when the Lakers actually got a win last night...
Beef Biscuit::FUN FACT:    Career games with 0 assists recorded...    Lebron James - 2  Michael Jordan - 7  Kobe Bryant - 161
BigGameJames42Greatness::Beefbiscuit. Kobe is top 10 all time.  What is there to argue.  Lol.  Just a fun fact.
curb stomp.::says a lot
jared575757::Why do you care
earlealston::Kobetarded response about 5 rings coming.....
Beef Biscuit::Of which 3 he wasn't MVP
littledebbie74::Congrats Black Mamba. Also to MWP for his milestone. Only the 6th player to fo what he has done.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Way to go, Kobe.   Now that the pleasantries are out of the way, s c r e w-off, LA. You beat one of the few teams in the league that are more pathetic than you, congratulations! Enjoy these small victories, they're the only ones you'll see this season.
weadon13::congrats wizards..you own lablondes team
coljetsfan::Sam Jones played on Boston teams when there was only 14 teams in the league and they were still using horse and buggy's .  BOOM
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Kobe is a great player no doubt and the way he is rolling now, watch out, another win and he will lead his team to a .500 record.
coljetsfan::You cannot take away from Kobe's accomplishments no matter how you slice it.  And he's still only 34.  He just might end up the leading scorer of all time if he sticks in the game till he's 38 or 39.
coljetsfan::Kareem Abdul-Jabbar 38,387,     Karl Malone 36,928,   Michael Jordan  32,292, Wilt Chamberlain 31,419 and now Kobe Bryant 30,001.  To all you Kobe haters:  SCOREBOARD....Deal with it!  First ballot Hall of Famer and one of the greatest players of all time (not to mention his 5 NBA Championships)  again haters.....DEAL WITH IT!
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Sam Jones 10 rings - haters deal with it - twice as good as Kobe!!!!  BOOM!
megan87119::Did he score over 30,000 points?
Saints8365::Is it too early to say Austin Rivers is a bust?
ThatsGoodSoup7963::A little.
trashami cheat::It's not like the Lakers beat the Spurs,Thunder, or Grizzlies!Lakers still suck!
ATLANTA BRAVES TOMAHAWK CHOP::Kobe = greatness.
Looks good on u tho::Kobe likely has no idea who the next Laker opponent is.....  But he knows exactly how many points he needs to move into 4th place on the all-time scoring list.
oneandonlybabe::Say what you will about Kobe but it's still an accomplishment and he did it in a game in which he was actually efficient and the Lakers won. Kudos to him, the team and the Laker fans.
Looks good on u tho::One day Kobe will realize that when he takes less than 20 shots in a game, the odds of the Lakers winning improve dramatically.  I wish people took stats on such things.
jaguada26::cheeseburgers
12thman2012js::Youngest to 30,000 because He's the biggest ball hog in NBA History.
ohio herd::No Melo is the biggest ball hog
thevindicated216::i think it's because he came out of high school
SFthomas1969::Ive been using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. Im making around $3,000 a month profit using this system. If you search google for sports betting system you will find the system there. If you bet at all this system is a must see.
underpiker::How the heck did doc rivers son get drafted into the nba? Oh wait nevermind
YeahTerps420::You can't expect the Hornets to play well after yesterdays tragic Pelican news
Pewetang::that name is just horrible
Rose let Jack drown::I don't like Kobe because he is a fornicator
Objective Sports Analyst::Kobe took less than 22 shots and the Lakers win... it's like science LOL
951Antonio::The key to the Lakers victory was the concerted defensive effort they had to stop Austin Rivers.  That won the game for them.
fairandbalanced00::YEAH, taking pride of the mighty hornets!! what a proud victory!
dudeitserick::Wizards&gt;Heat
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Congrats to Kobe for 30k even tho I dnt care for the man.That boy can ball.
zZSmOkIn.KuSh24Zz::I got respect for kobe haters like you
michaelton12::Looks like the Hornets' re-brand is already unofficially official.
AGV345::how many dunks did kobe have today?
lakers2013champsssz::we want thunder
Trukdamone::i know they can do better than the pelicans.
