William40717::Rondo had 9 turnovers. That's not an all-star stat. His shot selection is still poor and he's over confident in thinking that he can make the difficult pass. Pierce should come off the bench. He clearly can't sustain his level of past performance at 35. Throw Green in or trade Green for someone less timid and more aggressive. Green has great skills but his personality is to be passive. Something is bothering Bass. Maybe he's having personal issues. He isn't close to playing at the level that he demonstrated last season.  That being said, what really irks me is watching Rondo and Pierce not give 100% every game. In last nights game I watched as both Pierce and Rondo watched a loose ball bounce in their direction and neither made an effort to get it. A Detroit player hustled from across the court and the Pistons maintained possession and eventually scored. C'mon guys, this is a game that you love and you're making a boat load of money to do it. Act like you love it.
jbarnes1621::9 TOs Rondo..........Really?
Redneck SEC Fan::that dang drummond a beest
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::Celtics lose  Patriots lose  Looks like the good old days are back.
Jrange378::Detroit has Bostons number it seems.
SuperChi64::Rough day for Boston sports in general huh? THe Celtics have not been the best team since 2008 and the Patriots keep losing the playoffs.. Boston had an amazing 10 years in all 4 sports, but i think the magic is over and i want to know what the real Boston or greater Boston area fans think???
paschmidt499::Not Boston area, but they aren't getting younger.
paschmidt499::Rondo taking 16 shots?  There's the problem.
FrancoNero007::BEAUTIFUL day in Boston yesterday!
_I Am A Celtic_::http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6g2zbr88F1rssn1f.gif
InTooDeep1984::Been betting with an online betting system called SportsBettingStar for a few months now.  Ive made over 3k per month for 3 straight months since I started following the system.
WhatItTakesToWin1986::Been betting with a system called SportsBettingStar for the last few months now.  Ive made over 3K per month now 3 straight months since I started following the system.
CanYouDigIt1988::Ive been betting with a system named SportsBettingStar for only 2 months now and have profited around 3K per month just by following its tips.
ksooklal::I wonder what happened to the Ray Lewis retirement sign... that was such a classless move that embodied the classlessness of Boston itself. I really hope they change it to a Ray Allen retirement sign, oh wait, haha he left Boston for better things. Maybe a Kevin Garnett retirement sign, but then again he's never been good to begin with, always ten steps behind Tim Duncan, Shaq, Dirk Nowitzki, Karl Malone, and even Pau Gasol (who has more rings than him) and Josh Smith are better than him. Now even Chris Bosh owns him. BOSTON CELTRIX PLAYOFF ELIMINATION COUNTDOWN SIGN! Warning... butthurt celtrix fans are coming to remind us of their ancient history 17 championships meanwhile in the present THEY SUCK BALLS.
JeffCT18::I'm no Celtic fan.  But your opinions on KG are just laughable.
nba is the worst::Rondo 4-16, Lee 6-12  Rollin' to .500
dseeburg::It's still hard to be a Pistons fan... such a roller coaster team...tonight I can say yeah! we are doing things right and growing.... next game it can look like a train derailing.
1522scooter::Why is Kevin Garnett on the all-star team? He sucks donkey nuts.
_I Am A Celtic_::It's called fan voting
Djuki 3::anyone know where i can find the suicide numbers in the new england area for last night?
denn19641::Pistons are 12-11 in the East. Gotta love this conference.
kwheels22::KJ and Hondo suck
Hondo Kid::Boston  ain't going past the first round...  that includes hockey
erika835-BLUESHIRTS::You dont wanna catfight with me h0
kwheels22::i beg to differ
Chef Boy Ar Gee::Screw Boston
Ivanov21::lol I so hope Boston and the Lakers won't make the playoffs. I'm afraid the East stinks too much though.. Philly would need Bynum on the floor and in good shape.
toshsghost::Put a fork in the Pats and C's.  You know the rest.
bamberg1977::A. Drummond measured 6'11 3/4 at combine with Shoes on and lists himself 6'10. Is this is a new fad? I feel like  I've seen a couple other guys do it lately.. use their shoeless height. He could easily list himself 7ft
BearJWS::He measured 6'9 3/4' at the combin without shoes.  He must have had tall sneakers on that day. I don't think he's really taller than 6'11" in shoes.
Jezeble::Lots of guys don't want that 7-footer label, makes them seem freakish. Joakim Noah is 7ft, but refuses to have it listed.
alexxdj::wait a minute....Pistons Blow??
one4daagez::Celtics SUCK!
garnolfini::Celtics are soft like Charmin.
bamberg1977::3 hours worth of posts just dissappeared?
klew911::Dang, just a week ago Celtic fans had Celts getting ready to make a prime playoff run.  KG's teenage ignorance disguised as intensity was in old form and the Celts were ready.  Now...back to reality.
Shaun0088::The Celtics will be fine.
junoNCAL::lmao suck it boston. losers of another blowout  enjoy irrelevancy
bamberg1977::Pistons -1.1 in Point Differential.  Boston -1.0  Boston won its close games, they have vets who know how to get calls and make a play down stretch, Detroit doesnt. Thats the difference. The teams are pretty dang even over the course of the year. And Detroit is improving rapidly lately
tomBabauts::If it's any consolation to BOS fans, LAL will miss the playoffs this year.
dy0te::celtics (7-12 on the road), have the same fans that say miami is a bad road team lmao
paulleena12::But that game against Hornets was too blown out by media simply because Doc's son Austin was in it.  Austin has barely been scoring 0 points in 5 minutes he plays.
The point center::they didnt even have eric gordon.
paulleena12::Very true.
supe540::Good to see KG quiet tonight.  Difficult to say much when your team is mediocre.
bamberg1977::I just think its because he knows Monroe is not a guy you can get in his head on. He's not a shooter, he just flat out tries to pound you and finish as close to rim as possible. He's called Moose for a reason. KG realizes might as well not give him anything to make him play harder
The point center::doc is nothing without thibs
Daryl_Dixon::Celtics players look content just to collect paychecks, embarrassing effort
paulleena12::Sully, Avery and KG bring effort every night, don't you think?
Daryl_Dixon::I didn't see a collective team effort tonight.
mdtuzo::Doc Rivers: trades are on the way if team doesn't start to "play hard"  ----  they are trying though
paulleena12::Danny has been looking at negotiating...
supe540::There's a threat there?
supe540::Man, back to .500 and the Pats lost.
mdtuzo::doesnt get any better...
Daryl_Dixon::the effort tonight was pathetic
paulleena12::did you watch the entire game?
Daryl_Dixon::yes
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::i saw andre drummond play for the third time this season and im so impressed with him. seriously... he might end up being the best player of this draft. what a talent. 7 NBA GMs failed to not pick him.
bamberg1977::I feel bad for him that Pistons only throw him lobs. I think they're protecting him because they know teams will just foul. Earlier in season he was showing off he can flat out score off the catch. He has a little Amare Stoudemire in him, he's agile, quick, soft hands and touch. Even if he's never a great post player, he'll score plenty. He's not a stiff robotic guy like D12 inside.. and even he manages to score 20 ppg +
paulleena12::Seriously how did Celtics lose to pistons.  Seems like they did not come to play?
bamberg1977::They didn't play hard early. But I think Doc's wrong the rest of the game. I think they got beat by a better team tonight. Celts were playing extremely physical and with pretty good focus from 2nd quarter on. They couldnt keep up with pistons inside or on glass. Monroe/Drummond score 31 combined and didnt take a shot outside 3 ft
paulleena12::Rondo 4:16; should not have taken so many shots and also 9 turnovers.
I LIKE MY OWN COMMENTS.::GET BACK TO THE KITCHEN, YOU DO NOT BELONG HERE.
bsmithsonian::Highlight of the game:  Drummond hit 75% of his free throws, probably a new career high.  He might be at 41% on the season now.
LetsGoMavs.::I think Jason 'The JET" Terry fits better with the Mavs than with the Celtics. I wish the Mavs could get him back so 25 year old OJ Mayo could learn CLUTCHNESS from him and how to finish in the 4th quarter.
bamberg1977::I dont think you absorb clutchness. I'd worry about Mayo, he's had a hot season, I'm not so sure he's quite as good as he's been. So reliant on 3 as big part of game. Think he's more likely to plateau a little lower than what he's been.
Legs-Diamond::Maybe send him back to the Mavs for a draft pick, and in the meanwhile give Delonte West a 10 day contract (he's plays d).
LetsGoMavs.::If I was the Mavs, I would so do that. Agreed Delonte deserves a shot on a team and only reason Mavs kicked him out was because he was causing problems with the young guys like Mayo and Collison. Well that's what the report says
manimarf09::Ouch C's, three l's in a row.
Big_time_sports_knowledge::if THIS team gets 3 all stars...the NBA needs to go back to tape delay
Big_time_sports_knowledge::only team out east that deserve 3 is the heat, thats all
Big_time_sports_knowledge::this team BETTER not get 3 all stars man seriously
manimarf09::should have been Chandler or Noah over Garnett as starter. I could see Pierce get in as reserve, though. lots of poor teams in the East, so there's kind of slim pickings.
Legs-Diamond::Noah is deserving. Great accomplishments with few initial talents. Lots of hustle, and he's developed into one of the best passing bigs.
bamberg1977::Paul George should go over Pierce.
goldenboy818::It's called........  Boston has a SIZE problem (among other things).  They also have a problem with fast (minus Rondo).
Legs-Diamond::Rondo, Bradley, Green, Lee, and Wilcox are all fast at their positions.   Regarding big centers (who can rotate on defense like Noah or Gasol), there is practically nothing out there. Boston has been lucky in adding retreads in this area for years (Stiemsma, Hollins, Sheed, Jermaine O'Neal, Shaq, Semi Erden, ...).
Legs-Diamond::Wilcox is good on the break, an excellent finisher, plays hard on defense--that's who he is. Like with Stiemsma, you some goodies and suffer the flaws.
bamberg1977::Wilcox is really dumb for his position though, so it balances. What position does Green play for celts? He's pretty athletic, but not the quickest SF
goldenboy818::In terms of team character and composure, yes.  Athletically.....  He is about all there is on the C's.
paulleena12::Many times Rondo is a liability, I think.
redraidersnation517::How can you lose to the pistons lol?
bamberg1977::8-4 in last 12. Just really bad start to season. Finished last season 21-21 last 42, so it was a little surprising. Pistons arnt that bad. Especially with Drummond and Monroe both playing well.
bamberg1977::dash2k4 - They only won one, but gotta give them credit for reaching the ECF for like 6 years straight or something.  The 2005 spurs series i think they were better team, but Sheed had a melt down left Horry open. They had like 20ppg more in paint than Spurs that series, Spurs won by flopping in to FT's (Parker and Ginobili specialty) and nailing their 3's. If sheed was a professional though, they still win.  His lack of consitancy and focus cost them, not just on that shot
bamberg1977::paulleena12 - Remember when Pistons were known for defense and was getting titles or challenging for one.  Yeah, its been 3 whole down years since then. People always exaggerate  how long its been. Yes, 4 years ago they started tearing it apart stupidly with Iverson trade, and they tanked after trade but still made playoffs. 5 years ago they won 59 games.
dash2k4::They only won one, but gotta give them credit for reaching the ECF for like 6 years straight or something.
paulleena12::Remember when Pistons were known for defense and was getting titles or challenging for one.
.New_York_For_The_Win.::Don't worry Celtics fans at least the Pats won  Oh wait...
DBrownDrose::some of you celtic fans came to the bulls board yesterday and started talking crap...so HA!
