ChargeGmae1313::Go Nuggets!! Big win Ty lawson is getting better and better, and glad to have wilson chandler back!!!!
diehardnr1::ditto...been hoping THAT Ty would show up more...and Wilson seems like a completely different player now that he is healthy
Snakes222::Lillard is awesome, I'm a fan, he will be ROY and someday an All-Star but he is going to hit a HUGE wall pretty soon if Portland's coach keeps playing him 40+ min a night.
BronyFan::Hope he doesn't get Brandon Roy's curse.
Pusherman3::Gallo is becoming a very good clutch player.  All he does is hit big shots.
mathurpalak@yahoo.com::Nuggets are good but they dont have that go to guy.
MinniWolves90::I agree with you, any team that wants to make it far needs a go-to guy. Gallo can be the go-to guy at times. He showed it last night, that's for sure.
charlie hustle bets the over::smh why do they need a go-to guy? 5th most potent offense in the league. they have 6 players averaging double figure points. and now, apparently, nuggs have 2 clutch players in gallo and chandler.
charlie hustle bets the over::if what you're alluding to is the idea that the "go-to" players get bailed out by the refs more times than not during the playoffs, i agree 100%, nuggs do need that.  but that's not the style of this team.  we're not going to get a superstar.    we have a blue-collar team similar to the 04 pistons, just not as defensive-minded as that detroit team.
Czeren7390::Come playoff time, you need that go to guy. We usually struggle in close games for that specific reason.
phattybumbum::Denver rolling!  And the nuggs are good too
CMYERS1188::Aldridge scored 30 in this game, with 1:02 left in 4th they gave his basket to Lillard and it hasn't been corrected
12.21.12::well Lillard was 3-4 behind the arc before he missed that shot so
2manynigrsinbasketball::Yo Yo YO! Mike W rockin' it again on the espn board representin vegasinsider.com THE ONLY PLACE to make your bet and get the figures. So whether your bouncin it to the beat of some fat booty flavor or just kickin it with the honeys on the down low, you gonna need some cash to booster that rooster! Get your ca$h by followin the american dream and winnin it LARGE by rockin the casino at vegasinsider.com    We're just that DAMN GOOD!!
2manynigrsinbasketball::Yo Yo YO! Mike W rockin' it again on the espn board representin vegasinsider.com THE ONLY PLACE to make your bet and get the figures. So whether your bouncin it to the beat of some fat booty flavor or just kickin it with the honeys on the down low, you gonna need some cash to booster that rooster! Get your ca$h by followin the american dream and winnin it LARGE by rockin the casino at vegasinsider.com    We're just that DAMN GOOD!!
sk0dawgs::they should play will barton more
creative_screenname21::go tigers
Hondo Kid::Good game.  Props denver
vap88::Home cookin has helped the Nugs. Sure wish McGee was more consisistent and Ig played up to expectations.
charlie hustle bets the over::home cooking??  *yawn*  mcgee has done a complete 180 since his time in washington; players have off nights.  and iggs never had any expectations other than be a terrific defender and help facilitate the ball, which he has done.  he has never been known to be an offensive juggernaut.  not sure where you "fans" picked up that notion.  your post = D- (and that's generous)
dwighthowardsamazing::Why don't Hamilton and Fournier and even Randolph play
69durango::The Nugs have a sweet nine man rotation.  Mosgov, Randolph and Hamilton all have two guys in front of them that are better that's all.  I think those three may be packaged for a trade to a team that would immediately put them in their rotation.  The Nugs would look for an expiring contract they can dump after the season and a top 12 first round draft pick.  Fournier is a keeper that will work his way in over the next year or so, as is Q. Miller.
washheightsboy3::Just finished watching the game on the DVR.  Whew....Go Nuggets!
Alex47666::i couldnt watch the game so i had to refresh the page scaring the $@%! out of me but we won  good job nuggets good game blazers night im out
SportsFanForLife247::Has anyone ever wanted a really good sports trivia website?
SportsFanForLife247::http://www.funtrivia.com/ql.cfm?cat=10
sworthin117::I'm sure it already exists
SportsFanForLife247::Alex47666... He's trying to get in your head. We all know he's never made it past preschool.
Alex47666::hahahahaha true
Votto4mvp90504::imagine if we still had jr smith ..
Nuggets719-303::More like j.r smh
Banesbodyguard::Most improved player of the year? 1) Manimal 2) Hickson 3) Bledsoe  Who am I missing?
dont-want-gay-in-a-clipp-uniform::bledsoe
dwighthowardsamazing::Vasquez and no Bledsoe maybe jj redick but my vote definitely goes to hickson
Alex47666::if his free throws weren't so bad he be in a better position to win the award
Banesbodyguard::David Lee?
Alex47666::i know manimal wanted to win that award after not getting ROY award
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::peace gunna finish my gin n tonix and look online 4 stufff tonite  alex dnt be so mad @ me chill out bud
Votto4mvp90504::ur cool bro u kno basketball an say it like it is u jus cant spell for $@%!
Alex47666::wait im mad you were the one making threats
Alex47666::right right my bad
SportsFanForLife247::Don't stoop to his illiterate ways... Remember.
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::Perdicshuns for the Rest of NBA seson   1. lakers will make 9 scede, fire dantoni and look for other coach lol  2. NUGETS make turnaround, compeate 4 3rd in WC- force 2 wreckon wit in post season   3. knicks will go cold and get 5th scede in ec, loose in 2nd round   4. DURENT becoming future GOATs of NBA wins west 5. HEAT win all H games, win finals after sweep in ecf      just my 2 sense tho take it or leave it. gimme urs pls
diehardnr1::Wait....you see Knicks winning a playoff series??!!
Alex47666::im gonna follow sporstfan for life and not talk
Nuggets719-303::Gooby pls
max5616::Learn to spell you nubian reject
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::i dnt no wat nubian is but i just tipe fast on my tablit lol
SportsFanForLife247::Here's mine. Get an education to help your grammar issues.
SportsFanForLife247::I have learned something over the years with my multiple accounts on here. Dwade is like Bill Ontario. Just ignore him and eventually he'll go away because no one likes him.
Alex47666::i think he funny as $@%! to talk to
sworthin117::He brings me entertainment
Banesbodyguard::He owns his own bus now cause he done wit skool... Lol
SportsFanForLife247::We all know his grammar is funny as hell. He's the biggest idiot I have ever met.
Votto4mvp90504::dwade guy is back again oh god lmao
Alex47666::sworthin i was talking about your comment about the threats
Alex47666::probably the high school kids he stocks
diehardnr1::(sp) stalks is what I think you meant...funny thing  is that I think dwade mistakes are intentional for comic  effect
Alex47666::yep i can only talk because unlike dwade i dont want to know where his bumb $@% lives
sworthin117::oh yeah?  You know that business you own?  Well I own it too
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::i ment busines lol
sworthin117::So you drive others to school?
Alex47666::then why waste your life on a board you can get a job that doesnt involve  driving a bus
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::lol im done wit school. own my own bus now
Alex47666::dont u have homework
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::U MAD BRO?? DNT U HAVE SCHOOL 2 MAROW GET 2 BED
sworthin117::I guess that's all he can do
SportsFanForLife247::No, I guess that's all he could afford in a Detroit Public School System.
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::lol u such a fool
haliborange::Laker fans after beating Cavs and Bucks, WE ARE BACK BABY !!!! hahahahahahhaha
SportsFanForLife247::Wow, I come on here, and it seems like you guys have an internet tough guy.
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::lol id drop u if new wear u lived bud get real
Banesbodyguard::Needs to bench a dictionary!
SportsFanForLife247::No need to get testy over the internet dude. You could be the biggest fat @ss on here.
sworthin117::Dwade benches 210 pound women, watch out
gmann305::I feel like the biggest nuggets fan ever after that Broncos loss
Alex47666::it was a great game best ive ever seen maybe the best playoff game of all time
LetsPlayScRyB::dwade grater den jordan.....imma heat fan please change ur name bro
Alex47666::coming from a bum no one cares what u think
gmann305::For real hell of a game
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::comin from a 18 yr old lol
Nuggets719-303::Dwade don't be such a holla back girl
Alex47666::dwade since your in college do you go to  BUM  bums university of Miami
blackbabyjeebus::Hollinger power ranking puts Nuggets at #4 in the entire NBA this week.  I'm rooting nugs but that OKC game might knock them back a few spots next way.  Either way...GO NUGS!  http://espn.go.com/nba/hollinger/powerrankings
Alex47666::this is the 2nd time he made a threat its kind of funny
Alex47666::i was talking about your comment on the threats for some reason i hit reply and it sent me below yours
sworthin117::it's not as fun after your team loses
sworthin117::power rankings mean nothing
sworthin117::I guess your dream came true tonight
Alex47666::my dream it does
blackbabyjeebus::c u liking your own comment
Alex47666::see that dwade the nuggets higher than the heat
sworthin117::making physical threats in a chat room is just...is just stupid
Alex47666::so scared
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::ill drop u alex u pansy
Alex47666::how am i doucebag  you shouldnt even be here bumb $@% troll
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::c ur a doucebag
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::alex4766 never has evin got a bj in his life lols
Alex47666::how would u know exactly do u know  i guess u stock high school kids  when your not on espn boards
sworthin117::22 year old boys?
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::lol im 24 bud i hook up wit 22 yr olds
The point center::u gay?
meronfoto::It's crazy to see thing young Blazers team going toe to toe with playoff teams so far and are still in the hunt for playoffs.
rydog1220::Portland needs a good bench players like  nuggets have both have good futures
oguhmas::Crazy to see this YOUNGER Nuggets team playing so well and only a couple back from a 4 seed.
meronfoto::This***
sworthin117::Faried waxes his eyebrows.  Or his sister was playing tonight
blackbabyjeebus::why wasn't he in late game?  boggles my mind why he wasn't in there during the final minutes.  Saving up for OKC?
charlie hustle bets the over::Speaking of eyes, remember when wilson chandler put a dagger in blazers' eyes?    Told you if nuggs hit triple digits, they'll win.  empty hope going into OT.
Alex47666::in your dreams
d-rock303::The Ty I saw tonight reminded me of the Ty in the playoffs last year. I missed him
d-rock303::Hopefully he will do that too Westbrook too
LetsPlayScRyB::tsss all westbrook does is taunt after every basket made
The point center::guess he wanted to show that overrated pric.k lillard up
sworthin117::Rookie seasons are all about the future
charlie hustle bets the over::sworthin117 - we will see who is showing who up in a couple years  let's talk about now, since that's where we are.
sworthin117::we will see who is showing who up in a couple years
58rhodes.3::Nuggets and Blazers suc
Nuggets719-303::Somebody likes their own comment
blackbabyjeebus::^^^^
... Slurm Soda::Great game
BvB Dortmund::.....
jayeteee::Yeah.
... Slurm Soda::.
The point center::lillard going 6-15 yikes i guess he really is trying to be like d rose
meronfoto::Lillard is a lot better shooter than D Rose.
sworthin117::Thats not terrible.  He was forced by the clock to shoot some tough shots
Alex47666::the heat suck   just my 2 sense tho
Alex47666::ah sworthin   i woke up from my dream   suck it
Alex47666::better than a drunk bum who  only troll's espn boards
... Slurm Soda::jay check your messages on espn
jayeteee::Okay.
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::i out 2 kickk ur a$$ bud wear do u live u punk
sworthin117::I hope thats not your max...
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::haha u sisy virgin
Alex47666::im 18  Fact
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::i ber ur like 17  FACT
Alex47666::ya because you making threats makes me a sissy
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::my inclines 210 u sissy a$$ 18 yr old
Alex47666::ha suck it 240
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::210 bud i cud bust ur face in u pusy
Alex47666::what can u bench
Alex47666::i got him ticked off enough to were he spelled every word right
jayeteee::Yeah, I think a lot of people do it to get a point across, but without facial expressions it's hard to tell where a guy's coming from sometimes.
jayeteee::That guy's just weird.
Alex47666::i tried my best impersonation
jayeteee::Thanks, dwade. :)
jayeteee::2 double doubles from a couple starters tonight. Might not have been a close game had Iggy and McGee showed up. Iggy did hit a big shot at the end, but otherwise.........Anyway, tomorrow nights game will be tough, so it was good to get this one. Good game, Nuggets!
haliborange::hope ty has conquered his fear of Ibaka .... he gotta play a huge game tomorrow to win against OKC....... Iggy gotta  prove his worth tomorrow by guarding Westbrook he absolutely demolished us in past games
haliborange::I hope Mcgee steps up tomorrow... Ibaka intimidates our offense .. we usually settle for jumpers when he protects the rim and McGee has the potential to be better than him if Mcgee starts blocking Westbrook he'll start to brick
Judge Smails.::Brewer will spend a lot of time trying to guard Durant.
haliborange::Durrant will be a mismatch he is 6 ft 9 and Iggy is 6 ft  6 and as I remember even though Durrant scored like 50 against us Westbrook was the catalyst..... Ty cant match his speed and our Interior defense   was raped by him
Alex47666::well ty can match anyone speed but westbrick is just to big for ty
Alex47666::the 4th quarter better be on durant because we $@%!$@ if he takes controll
Alex47666::he'll be guarding durant
Judge Smails.::He'll spend time on both.
bergster391::Ty was a beast today! Good game Denver. Fun to watch. I hope the Blazers can come back and make another run!
Tyxo123::they aren't... and I'm a blazer fan so I'm not one sided
ESPNisBSNEWZ::I would love for someone to explain to me how the clippers are better than the nuggets
Alex47666::they dont have an advantage on us were equal teams they just have 1 superstar we dont
d-rock303::Christmas game
d-rock303::I am a Nuggets fan and they straight up handled us that game, and yea our win was impressive as well against them at home. I just wouldn't like our chances in the playoffs with them having home court advantage
ESPNisBSNEWZ::they outplayed us then, but we beat them with no lawson and in the H2H matchup I feel like every advantage that the clipps have against most team they dont have vs us
... Slurm Soda::.
haliborange::OMG kobe has six assists tonight !!!!! that's a sign of Apocalypse
charlie hustle bets the over::kobe career averages over 5 asg.  facts hurt.
jayeteee::Yeah, and against a juggernaut like Milwaukee.............LMAO!!!!!!
d-rock303::Ty was dirty tonight.
haliborange::I do hope that blazers wont choke again like last season ......... I would rather have Blazers in playoffs 100 times than Utah
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::lol blaizers sux so bad sitll cant compeate  just my 2 sense tho
soloartist11::Where did you learn to spell?
Alex47666::he is a heat troll just ignore but i can say he knows how to spell
soloartist11::Guys holy crap hockey is back!!!!
VonDoomSquad::HOCKEY
Drunk Ty Lawson::What is Hockey?
... Slurm Soda::I'm gonna try to watch it this year.
Judge Smails.::Didn't realize it was gone.
NickBenCor::Whenever I see the Bioweb advertisement out of the corner of my eye I think it says $@%!$@%
CaptainChavB::$@%!$
high kennedy::One word I'm happy to report doesn't get edited is nutsack
soloartist11::?
Drunk Ty Lawson::#$@$%^&amp;%^#%$#%^&amp;$$$
Drunk Ty Lawson::@&amp;@*&amp;@(@?
NickBenCor::bIowjob
soloartist11::I freakin love Aldrige....that guy can ball.  GG Portland
Drunk Ty Lawson::I seriously never in my entire life ever talked to a Clipper fan untill the begining of last season where do they come from?
bshowers79::Former Cavs/Magic fans too
Alex47666::the lakers organization
Kobelies247::Blazers and nugs played very well tonight...
Drunk Ty Lawson::true
Rick P. Johnson::It was a fun game for sure.
