d-roseinsane::good work griz
Rickvaughn2181::the thunder will not lose back to back! durant and the boys willbe taking down the heat tonight guaranteed! and if u want a good preview and picks from rick come check this out! http://nbawagers.com/2012/04/nba-gambling-for-oklahoma-city-thunder-at-miami-heat/
ksanders6::As a thunder fan I can always respect a good game like this...........
cincy132002::Memphis v. OKC for West Championship, as long as Memphis drops to a 6 seed or somehow moves up to a 3. Id like to see another 7 game series with some OT's.
cod4hooper::It would be entertaining, but I wouldn't want another exhausting series like that honestly. I want to get series' over as quick as possible so we have as much energy as possible during the Finals...assuming we get that far.
cincy132002::I just dont think the Grizz can finish the series quick against the Thunder. It would be tough.
texrcana24::Shoot, as a Thunder fan I'd love to watch that series again.  I can't honestly sit here and say I'd know who would win, they matchup very well with each other.  Without a doubt it was the best series of the playoffs last year in terms of entertainment value.
THUNDAboi77::i would love that series.. i could actually say that series would go 7 games easily.. unlike with other teams
texrcana24::You can't compare a point guards shooting percentage to that of a forward or center because the type of shots they typically shoot are much different.  Guys playing the point typically don't get to the rim as much as Westbrook can which is what makes him so dynamic.  45-50% shooting for a point guard is really good.  You can't compare apples to oranges, it just doesn't work that way.
texrcana24::This is not really on the subject but since we're on the Lakers, Bynum must truly be dumb as a brick if having Kobe, Gasol, Fisher up until a couple weeks back, did absolutely nothing for his maturity as a player.  He's still a jack@$$ when he could be so much better than what he is.
cincy132002::True, but who wouldnt be willing to give up their center for Howard
texrcana24::He should know by now that he has no business shooting a 3 pointer.  It's stuff like that and him tackling JJ Barea last year in the playoffs and getting suspended...just ridiculous.  He's never going to amount to anything which is why the Lakers should have been more willing to give him up in a trade when Howard was interested.
Geech63::how mature can he be around Kobe when Kobe defended Bynum when he took those 3's and said he was goin to keep shooting them?
texrcana24::I don't disagree with you in that Kobe needs to quit feeling he has to take over games and continue to take poor shots, I just meant he's probably not going to change anything at this point in his career.
DidYouSeeThat36::Apples to oranges like the start of this post
elibird123::It has been easy for him. He is Kobe Bryant what part of that don't you understand? He's been doing that for the past 16 years. He has led the Lakers in assists in all, but a couple of those years playing SG not PG. That's the whole problem there in a nutshell. He could be having a bad night and still end up beating you in the end. He has a body of work to say he can.  He is Kobe Bryant
cod4hooper::It's Kobe's job to create shots for them. If he wants to be the one with the ball in his hands at the end of the game then that's his responsibility. If he can't do that when he's playing poorly, give it up to your pg if you can't make the pass. If his 7 footers are getting double and triple teamed, it should be easy for Kobe to MAKE those shots, and more often than not, he doesn't.
elibird123::They are 2 7 footers who can not create shots on they're on. The cannot take the ball at the 3 point line and dribble if need be to get an open shot or a shot off to beat the clock. They are dependent on others to set them up and this is not always possible with the double and triple team
cod4hooper::In their prime?? You might be right, but Kobe is no where near his prime and there a couple players I think I'd rather have over Kobe at this point....like Wade, Harden or maybe even Joe Johnson.
cod4hooper::The problem is, he still shoots them out of games when his teammates ARE playing well. Bynum will be like 15 for 20 at the end of the game, and Kobe will be shooting like 3 for 15...and Kobe will still take the last 5 shots and they lose by a few points...COMPLETELY unacceptable.
cincy132002::What other 2 guard besides Jordan would you rather have than Kobe? I cant think of any
cod4hooper::Bynum and Gasol aren't stars? Didn't Bynum start this all star game? And Gasol was considered a huge snub for this years all star game...
elibird123::Sorry, but you perspective is skewed. Kobe tends to shoot more, if the team is not playing well or they are behind. That is why they always have that when Kobe shoots less the Lakers win more stat I always find funny.
cincy132002::Its not like the Lakers have another star. Kobe is still the man on the Lakers.
cod4hooper::Oh, no doubt. He's not changing a thing...but he definitely should.
elibird123::Exactly why the whole FG% argument is whack. PPG is what truly counts. It's always gonna be about the bottom line.
DidYouSeeThat36::There were those 'experts' back in the day claiming Allen Iverson to be league MVP while he was shooting 41%
elibird123::Yeah, but Kobe knows how to win. He is also adding 5 RB's &amp; 5 Ast . He is also commanding a double and triple team just about every time he has the ball. If the Lakers had better shooter his assist total would be much higher
cod4hooper::hahaha yes you would! Kobe isn't an efficient scorer like Durant and Westbrook.
cod4hooper::If that's the logic you want to use, then look at the fact that Kobe is taking 4 more shots a game than Durant and has only like .5 more points a game....hope that paints a picture.
Geech63::If u have Kobe, Westbrook, and Durant on the same team u wouldnt need Westbrook and Durant to score 20 game
elibird123::Actually you basing your whole Kobe FG% on games that were so bad it affected his overall FG %. His FG% was actually pretty good until the crazy shooting slump.  .
cincy132002::Jordan hit 54-55% in a season before, I hope his airness has more dunks than Kobe
elibird123::50% shooting is 10 for 20  45% shooting is 9 for 20 Jordan is 49%  Kobe is 45%  10 for 20 is 50%  9 for 20 is 45%  On average that means Jordan would score 1 more basket per game than Kobe would.   Jordan unlike Kobe got more in game dunks and layups. Unlike Prince James, Jordan and Kobe actually had to make superior footwork and moves to get their dunks and layups, where as Prince James is the recipient of a lot of run outs
cod4hooper::Nope, FG% is a pretty simple calculation. Shots made/shots taken. There you have it...Kobe shoots a crap ton and makes about 42% of them. He has single handedly lost them games...sure he's helped them win some too, but when you have a teammate or 2 like Bynum and Gasol that are playing well and you're shooting TERRIBLY, you should learn to not take 30 shots that game at 25%...
cod4hooper::I'm dead serious...Put Kobe on OKC and Durant nor Westbrook score no more than 20 a game apiece.
elibird123::If you say 42% in every game played, I would agree. So far they have played 53 games and he has had a few games that have been really, really and because those games were so poor % wise it has knocked his % down overall. That is why you can NOT just look at a FG% and make a snap judgment. What about all the other game's were they acceptable? How about the PPG is that acceptable? You would also need to understand how to calculate FG% a little better.
cincy132002::40 shots min.
cod4hooper::If getting to the rim isn't his game, then he needs to be more efficient at what his "game" is. If he can't make those tough shots efficiently...then don't take those shots. What if Bynums game really was shooting 3's but he kept missing them? Would you say "well those are difficult shots so of course he's going to shoot a low percentage"? No, you'd say stop shooting the dang ball because you're not shooting well...
Geech63::KD averages almost 20 shots a games..if Westbrook is taking shots from him how many do people want KD to shoot?
cincy132002::Really Sefalosha? Come on now.
cod4hooper::I would. I would rather have Harden on my team over him no doubt...even Sefalosha. People get mad at Westbrook taking shots from KD, imagine what Kobe would do on OKC...it'd be a meltdown.
texrcana24::Kobe is not a point guard either.  Nobody will argue though that Kobe is having a poor shooting year.  Although Kobe takes a lot of shots that are considered tough shots, i.e. turnaround fadeaway jumpers with a hand in his face.  I think if you saw him try and get to the rim more or try to be more square to the basket on a lot of his shots he'd have a better percentage.  That isn't his game though.
cincy132002::I still wouldnt object to having a 42% shooting Kobe on my team
cod4hooper::I agree to an extent. 42% for Kobe is unacceptable...
cod4hooper::Last night's poor performance wasn't necessarily Westbrook having a bad game. I think it was more of great defense played on him. I watched the Mayo matchup on him and he played him perfectly...so I give more credit to Mayo's defense as opposed to saying Westbrook just plain had a bad game.
cincy132002::I still think the grizz screwd up with Mayo, he should have been learning point from the beginning. He needs the ball in his hands on Offense and his size allows him to guard pretty much all the PG's in the league.
grapenutz78::$@%! about westbrook already!! Hes the 5th leading scorer in the league at 48% from the field. compare that to kobe whose leading the league but shooting 42%
cincy132002::Who wouldnt want their PG to shoot 47-48% from the field? How many guards shoot above 50% anyways?
KCRCK::People need to stop saying Westbrick had a poor shooting night at 5-16, it is a good shooting night for him.
Jimmy45795::Same player? NO Drose acts like pg. He has 8 assists to Westbrooks 5.4. Drose get more assists then Westbrook and works with less.
cod4hooper::You're purely guessing!! If you take Westbrook off the Thunder there's no way they have the best record in the West. They're only up 2.5 games on SA and Westbrook has pulled out numerous wins for them when Durant wasn't doing his thing. He's worth well more than that 2.5 game gap between them and San Antonio.
cincy132002::You take Westbrook off the Thunder and they still have the best record in the West as well. The bulls supporting cast needs Rose in the playoffs to score because the supporting cast is not able to score night in and night out. Tis not like they are beating the heat and celtics every day, they still play teams like the bobcats and wizards
Jimmy45795::Like I said its Chicago's defence that wins them games. I never said  Drose supporting cast was garbage but we can all agree there is only one primary and go to scorer on that team. They win because of defence and team basketball.
cod4hooper::First, read a book please lol your English is terrible. Second off, what difference does it make?? They're winning without Rose...therefore they are a pretty darn good team if you ask me. If you can lose an "MVP" and still have the best record in the league, it's time to stop saying his surroundings are garbage.
cincy132002::The Bulls defense is ridiculously good.
Jimmy45795::No they are one of few top teams that plays team basketball and there defence is what win them games.
cod4hooper::How does he work with less? I mean Chicago is winning without Rose, and pretty easily for the most part. At what point can we admit that Rose does actually have a pretty good squad around him?
cincy132002::Their style of play is similar, they are both similar size and both penetrators and can create their own shot.
cod4hooper::You do know he's shooting like 47% right...? As a top 5 scorer in the league....
cincy132002::IDK those teams would still suck. I think the entire Bobcats starters would have trouble making the bench on most other teams
THUNDAboi77::because DRose doesnt have KD on the same team.. thats why he gets mvp..as long as KD is on the same team westbrook will be scrutinized.. but if he was on a team lets say NO or bobcats he would be front runner for mvp
cod4hooper::At what point did the word prolific leave my mouth?? I said efficient. Deng is scoring over 15, Boozer is close to that I think and Noah is at around 10. That's pretty evenly spread out. Not saying it's not because of Rose helping buuuuuut again, where has Rose been this season and they are getting those numbers?? Think about it....
cincy132002::Durant and Harden can score without Westbrook, the other bulls are only efficient because Rose gets them open shots by attracting the defense to him. I would hardly call Noah, Deng, Boozer, or Rip prolific scorers, Boozer maybe early in his career, but Noah is just terrible.
cod4hooper::Not necessarily. Sure individually they score better, but the Bulls have better all around scoring. Noah, Deng and Boozer are all efficient scorers that are good options for Rose...so it's not like he's the only scorer on that squad.
cincy132002::DRose is less efficient because the defense knows hes the only one that can score, Westbrook is still a top 5 point guard, but Durant and Harden are better scorers than everyone else on the Bulls besides Rose
cod4hooper::Why does Derrick Rose get an MVP award when he plays the exact same style and actually shoots a lower percentage...? Everyone thinks he's a scoring machine when he scores less and less efficiently.
Jimmy45795::How many of those are layups?
cincy132002::Why does it matter how many are dunks?
KCRCK::And how many of those are dunks?
cincy132002::harden and mayo are both starters in this league, yet both come off the bench, is this some sort of strategy to put them in when the other team takes their starters out to rest?
cod4hooper::You pretty much answered your own question...
THUNDAboi77::yea its called having a deep bench
cincy132002::But by not starting them it will cause them not to resign unless you pay them more money, I know mayo probably wont resign with the grizz unless he gets 7-8mill a year, same probably for Harden
THUNDAboi77::good game yesterday.memphis wanted it more plain and simple.
grapenutz78::yesterday was a "lockout loss" plain and simple
Jimmy45795::I have a feeling OKC is not going to Finals because Westbrook can't act like a true PG. My pick to come out West is still the Spurs but thats just my opinion.
Jimmy45795::How about getting a few more assists that may be a start and setting up plays for other teamates and not shooting so much most of time. He needs to do that because who else is going to play PG on that team? Dfisher? Harden? No I don't think so.
Jimmy45795::Its just my opinion. How many shoot first PGs won NBA championship recently. IF his his other teamates are not involved I don't see them winning it all but we will see when postseason comes.
elibird123::Why does he "need" to start doing that? It's not his game. It's not how he got in the NBA. Hey he's a shooting PG, but if it's working for him and his team why should he change what he does? He is a scorer first, that is his game.
Jimmy45795::No I want Westbrook to set up shots for his teamates. This is regular season buddy in the postseason I don't see them winning if his teamates are not in it or involved.
cod4hooper::So you want Thabo taking those shots since he's a "shooting" guard. Not every single position has to be played the exact same way across the league. The Thunder are winning and destroying people at that...I think Westbrook is doing just fine....
Qzhoopin72::How the hell do you "act like a true point guard"?? 1958 Hoosiers movie??  Westbrook can't be Stockton or CP3....and Stockton &amp; CP3 can't be Westbrook.  Every player is different!! Westbrook is one of the best PG's in the NBA, and that's the bottom line....his team is 40-13 and he's a BIG reason why. If that means shooting more than the average PG, so be it....it's working.
Rimfro::The Grizzlies are the most "complete" team in the West, and their defense may be the best in the league. When they get healthy, they will roll. They have maintained a middle of the west position with multiple injuries. I don't quite understand why they aren't getting more attention, but if teams want to overlook them, they will get to the conference finals. The Lakers fans also said that they overlooked the Grizz when they got spanked at home last week. The last time a team had these defensive numbers, with 3 players in the top fifteen in steals, it was the Sonics, and they went to the finals. Be afraid Western Confernce.
mark35345::This regular season is meaningless but... it's pretty obvious the Thunder and the Grizzlies are the two best teams in the West, The Spurs and the Lakers showed their age and lack of mobility last year. These teams are just better, quicker athletes than their counterparts in the West.
Rimfro::The regular season is meaningless, which is why Memphis' woes don't matter. Once in the playoffs, they will be the most complete, deepest team in the post-season. I don't think anybody in the west can beat them in a seven game series. Don't mention the Thunder's three wins this season. In all of those the Grizzlies had multiple guys out. They dominate the transition game, protect the ball, and will dominate the paint. If Gay, and Mayo can maintain the perimeter play, the Grizzlies will roll.
mark35345::Stats are meaningless. How far did Jackson's teams advance? No body ignores Duncan anymore. They run right at him. Parker and Ginobli have rings. Their declining speed and slightest bit of complacency will doom them to younger - faster players - like they used to be. I remember what Parker did when he was 19.
mark35345::They - the Spurs counted themselves out last year when they got whipped by a Rudy Gay less squad..
mrkennedy23::Jackson still has a ring.  You're acting like Parker, Ginobli and Duncan are decrepit beings, but they can still play and the regular season has shown that.  What these players lack in speed they make up for in experience.  The fact that you're counting them out already when playoffs are still weeks away is a joke.
dcovey8433::Come playoffs when it ''matters'' Dallas will be better than most teams you just mentioned. As for the Thunder Westbrook came back down to earth after shooting lights out against Miami, then again against Chicago. If he has average games against any of the top teams in the West, and turns them into a 1 man show . OKC will fall just like they did last year, just like they did in this game. Can Westbrook sustain great shooting 4 times in a series against a great defense? I have my doubts.
mark35345::If you had Chandler, Stephenson, and Barrea back I'd agree with you. But Carter, Odom, and one more year for Kidd and Marion just work to the Mav's disadvantage. Esp Chandler's loss in the middle....
mrkennedy23::I seriously wouldn't count out the Spurs.  Popovich is very crafty and they have some young defensive-minded players coming off the bench in Splitter and Leonard.  If the Spurs stay healthy through the playoffs, they could make it to the WCF.
mrkennedy23::You might wanna look at Stephen Jackson's stats during the playoffs again.  15 ppg, 4 rpg, and 3 apg are his playoff stats so we'll see what happens.  Duncan may not still be in his prime, but he still can't be ignored.  Parker and Ginobili will play at high levels.
mark35345::Duncan's not the 2004 Duncan anymore. A Vitalized Stephen Jackson has never done anything in the playoffs( he's also easy to out muscle - ask Kobe). We'll see what happens when Parker is faced with speed coming right at him (Conley or Westbrook). Too many playoff virgins and declining speed for the Spurs and the Lakers.The regular season record meant nothing last year - as it does this year.
mrkennedy23::They still have Duncan, a revitalized Stephen Jackson, Parker and Ginobili.  Blair, Leonard and Splitter are those that have the defensive intangibles for the Spurs.  They have won 36 games for a reason.
mark35345::i love Popp. But he doesn't play. Leonard can't guard Rudy Gay. Splitter can't guard Gasol, Randolph or anyone on the Thunder. I'll take my chances against two players who have played in how many playoff games? You can count them on one hand right? I've never seen Splitter do anything in the post season?
texrcana24::Your going to get crucified for this post....just wait, it's coming.
mark35345::Objectivity is always difficult to swallow, But both the Spurs and Lakers had their lunch handed to them last year. Look for it to happen again.
texrcana24::Thunder played a good game, Grizzlies played a better game.  The Thunder and Grizzlies are always a good game because both teams create interesting matchup problems for the other.  I thought the 7 game series they played last year was one of the better playoff series I've seen in a long long time.  Cudos to the Grizz for getting a good road win.  Thunder just need to learn and move on to the next game, just as the Grizzlies do.  One regular season game doesn't make or break anything.
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::Thunder fans are dumb if u think that OKC doesnt get up for the grizz.. Have y'all lived in a cave the past 2 yrs.. It's becoming a hot rivalry in the NBA
okstCOWBOYS vs ALIENS::the mavs are kinda our rivals dude
Rimfro::Really?! The Thunder are not a vastly superior team. The three wins they got this season were with the Grizzlies at half strength, and the Thunder's margin of victory in those games was five points. The Grizz didn't have Conley last night, and were on the road. Go ahead and ignore the fact that these teams went 7 in last years' playoff, and the fact that if the Grizz win that triple OT game, they would have been in the WCF's. I don't know why so many Thunder fans ignore the truth. The Grizzlies will win a 7 game series against the Thunder, if they are 100%. Having Rudy Gay completely changes the way you defend us.
Kmacman::They weren't up last night.  We've seen OKC do this a number of times this year against inferior teams.  Play flat most of the game, then turn it up in the last few minutes to try pull it out.  They've gotten away with it several times this year, but you can't do that every night.  Now &amp; then, the other will make a couple of shots and beat you.  That's how OKC lost to the Wizards, the Cavs, last night, etc.  It's a bad habit, but not terribly uncommon in the NBA when they have to play so many games that just don't mean all that much.
Curtokc::I think the young Thunder players tend to add more weight (subconsciously) to the big name teams like Lakers, Heat, and Bulls.  Even if they were bad teams, I don't think it matters.  I seriously doubt they circled the Grizz on the schedule!  Although they should.
Curtokc::people over react to 1 game.  It is a classic trap game for the Thunder with Miami coming up again.  The Thunder do need to work harder on being UP for games they are bored about.  They are their greatest enemy right now.  The more mature teams like Spurs will have an advantage since more stable mentally. Go Thunder!!
nba is the worst::I love how hard the Gizz play - great game!
amzades::I'm not a Grizzlies fan or a Thunder fan, but I believe that this game was a preview of the Western Conference Final. Nobody is talking about the Grizzlies, but watch out for them in the playoffs they're going to make a run.
grapenutz78::Lmao!!! I just realized we''ve already beat this team 3 times this year, not 2!! hahahaha not worried about the grizz at all
Rimfro::You guys won all of those games with either Randolph or Conley, or both of them out of the game. Take comfort in the fact that all the Thunder could muster in those 3 games was a 3, 5, and 7 point victories. If the Thunder didn't get so many "fortunate" calls at the end of last nights game, they lose by fifteen. Your insecurity is showing.
SIKPILZ::Only someone who's worried would post that they're not worried
InternetTough-Guy::Man whats wrong with the (Team A)? They are slumping at the wrong time. Playoffs are right around the corner and this is a bad sign. Definetly a rift between (Player A) and (Player B). Interchange Heat, Thunder, and bulls names and players.
Kmacman::OKC 6-1 in last 7 with wins over Lakers, Heat, and Bulls.  Hard to call that a slump.
berr3555::Great game, all credit to Memphis for not giving up. As for the Thunder, they need to clean the TO's and the missed fast breaks. Durant's and Westbrook's shot were off but they still fought and it looked like they had a chance down the stretch.
royboy1978::So much for using the brooms on us Thunder fans.  Maybe next time.
Tontos Redemption::OKC: 13 losses (6 out of 13 games left vs playoff teams -@MIA, @IND, LAC, @LAC, @LAL, DEN)  SA: 14 losses (7 out of 16 left vs playoff teams-@BOS, UT, @UT, LAL, MEM, @LAL, LAL)    CHI: 13 losses (7 out of 11 left vs playoff teams-BOS, @NYK, NYK, MIA, @MIA, DALL, @IND)  MIA: 14 losses (9 out of 15 left vs playoff teams-PHI, OKC, MEM, BOS, @CHI, @NYK, CHI, HOU, @BOS)    Will any of these teams win 50 games (16 losses)?
Stryker Rip Strongheart::If Chicago gets Rose back soon, I can see them winning 51. I think Rose is potentially returning as soon as this weekend against NY, so if Chicago can hold off Boston, Bulls fans might be in for a treat for April.  I think OKC can pull it off too...The hardest games for them will be Miami and the Lakers, and I think that OKC can beat both teams away. The way they've been playing, I can see them getting 51...52 will be harder, they have a couple more games than the Bulls do, but fewer playoff teams. I think when all is said and done Chicago and OKC will be tied at 50 or 51.   Miami, otoh...well, they're certainly capable of ripping off a 15-game win streak, but they're too inconsistent...I'm gonna say 48 wins, tops. Actually, looking at the schedule again, they have a LOT of playoff teams to deal with...and people have been saying that it's Chicago with the easy schedule so far. Anyway, I'm going with 48 just because I think Miami will close the season strong.  SA could do it. Their schedule is relatively easier, although Memphis and Lakers 3 times will be difficult for them. I think 50 wins at best, probably closer to 47 or 48.  So basically I'm thinking that: OKC - 50/51 Chicago - 50/51 MIA - 48 SA - 47/48
nba is the worst::Probably not.  OKC has 8 road games, so will have to play their best...
hapatino::Does it matter? Those are the top 4 teams and most probably the NBA version of the Final 4.
Apoorv Purohit::I am a Grizz fan and yesterday was a great win for us. OKC and Memphis are the 2 best young teams in the NBA. I would love to see this matchup in the confrence finals.  To all the Heat fans...Your 3 superstars cant do what OKC is doing this year. How are yall gonna talk smack when OKC just beat the leaving S*** out of u guys.  Watch out Heat fans memphis will be giving you an A** whooping soon.  TO all the Lakers Fans ..... Just dont talk. Dont compare Lakers to OKC and Memphis. You guys wont make it to the second round.
Stryker Rip Strongheart::Memphis is a dangerous team, but not experienced enough to beat the Heat, and not talented enough to beat OKC...but they're dangerous, for sure.
DeezBrown::Yep beat the Lakers once and the Thunder once and you get an automatic bid to the WCF.... GTFOH
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Heat fan here, I like the grizzlies but they won't beat the heat.
kobe bryant from the lakers now that paper::LOL one game and this memphis hick is full of smack talk
WashFlokie::Memphis always seems to do this to us
Apoorv Purohit::Its going to be an AMAZING rivarly. GO GRIZZ
cod4hooper::I have to give credit to Mayo tonight. I haven't seen anybody lock down Westbrook down like that all season. Thunder overall played pretty terribly though...don't think it's indicative of what a 7 game series would look like between these 2 teams though.
ApolloBravo::I guess you forgot about Westbrook going 0 for 13 the first time they player the Grizz this year.
wkdavis85::And Tony Allen locks down everyone he defends. A 7 game series between these 2 teams would be 7 games that all went down to the wire. This is the best match up in the NBA. And these teams are the future of the Western Conference.
Apoorv Purohit::It was Tony allen.
Giggity.iggity::OMG DURANT HAD 21PTS on 20 SHOTS MVPPPPPP!!!!!!  You Durant nut-riders make me sick.  You forget about how many times RW has carried the team to a win when Durant sucked.  You also forget that LBJ carried his team through D-Wade and Chris Bosh's injuries and is playing through injuries himself.
Apoorv Purohit::Like lBJ .... durant doest need 2 superstars to win it all. LBJ hasnt proved anythign in the Playoffs....Durant has taken this young team and made it better.
cod4hooper::Durant is still shooting about 50% so lets' not act like tonight is anything like what he does on a regular basis.
Bynum pulls up for 3::Is Lebron's man-gina injured again?
hapatino::Nope. LeBron shoots 54%, Durant 50%.
peoplecallmethesongbirdofmygeneration::Durant still has a better shooting % than LBJ and atleast Durant knows how to clutch a 4th quarter unlike LeSuck.  Durant had a bad game, cant blame him for not being a baller everyday
reggielegendary::Grizz are getting healthy and working on their chemistry. If they can avoid any severe injuries and the chemistry comes together, Grizz will win the West. They got everything you want and need in a team. The only weakness is 3point shooting. They have capable shooters and if (when) the bigs get doubled in the post, those perimeter guys  (Conley, OJ and Rudy) have to knock down those open shots at a steady rate.
slapshotcity123::It'll be interesting to see. Although I don't think they have the same chemistry they did last year going into the playoffs, they've showed they can knock off top seeds in the West.
cod4hooper::I honestly don't think they have enough consistency. They're a solid team that can beat anyone on any given night, but I don't think they have what it takes to win a 7 game series against the top 3 seeds in the west.
Bynum pulls up for 3::everything except experience
Jlobello04::$@%! the Thunder Westbrook is a $@%!$
DeezBrown::Best four weeks in regular season are upon us
DPetro10::Where is puberty mcfucker
Bynum pulls up for 3::He's choking his chicken
jg181837::Grit and grind is getting healthy and the west better start getting scared
DeezBrown::So Miami is going to beat the brakes off of OKC wednesday??!?!?! GTFOH!
AndrewJWEelch::This was just a classic case of a let down game. 5 big games in a row. After victories over the Heat, Lakers, Bulls, and at Portland I was worried they would come out today a little flat and un focused. Memphis isn't a team you can sleep on and beat and OKC just didn't bring it tonight like they have the past week. You bring it hard and blow out the NBA's top teams, it's only natural a young team would lose a little focus and have a let down game. It's Sports 101. This game doesn't prove anything except that OKC is still young and still has plenty of areas to improve on and become a better team. OKC, however is still nasty athletic, best in the west and the team to beat right now. They are setting the playoff standard and playing at a championship caliber. Anyone who says otherwise, didn't pay attention this week.
AndrewJWEelch::the heat in consecutive games the past couple weeks is proving most things...They just don't have the "it" factor.
sespi001::but the one game against the heat proved everything
DeezBrown::Didnt pay attention or hating... more hate than anything
333Kenneth333::LOL @ the Heat "fans" on here.
DPetro10::My espn thing is $@%!$@ up wtf
Jlobello04::your s $@%!$@% $@%!$@ you peice of $@%!
hawaiianhonky::If this was a seven game series Memphis would still have to win 3 in a row, Thunder are fine
Rimfro::You won't have the advantage of playing them without Randolph again. Conley was out last night, and you have yet to play the Grizz at full strength. The Grizzlies are getting their flow back, and once 100% healthy, they can beat anybody. That comment makes you look nervous.
Curtokc::great point
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::Espn needs to stop with the whole "OJ impersonating Westbrook thing" OJs been doin the "3 guns" since last yr
ApolloBravo::Yeah if anything Westbrook got it from Mayo in the semi finals last year.
DeezBrown::May not be such a cake walk after all. It is only one game but we all know Memphis, Clips, Spurs, and Lakers are solid teams to say the least. All these teams can beat each other so dont crown your favorite team WC champs just yet.
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::Some of u OKC fans are idiots.. I respect the thunder a lot.. But the thunder do not own the Grizz.. grizz were 3-1 last yr against the thunder during the regular season.. And then were one 3ot loss away from knockin the thunder out of the playoffs.. Here's the kicker.. The grizz have been able to have their success against thunder without being completely healthy.. This yr the grizz played 2 games against OKC 2 without Conley &amp; 2 without ZBo and are 1-3 against them.. With every game going down to the wire.. Also the OKC coaching staff has already admitted to saying the one team they hope to avoid come playoffs is the grizz.. If there is any team that could keep the thunder from reaching the finals.. It's the grizz.. (and maybe the spurs too).. Hopefully this was a preview of the WCF this yr.. This is one fun rivalry
jg181837::How is he an idiot he makes a lot of since even okc players have said they feel the grizzlies pose the biggest threat they don't want another series in the grind house
Jlobello04::your an idiot you $@%! sniffer
sespi001::Grizzlies are obviously better than the thunder
The Apologist::Is this guy Ardor48 for real? How are the Thunder pretenders? They have the best record in the west. How is Durant over-rated? Dude will win the MVP this season and he is having a career year in FG%, Rebounds, Assists and etc.
phx090::Last night, he played like Lebron. Terrible in the 4th. But i agree, he will win MVP, because he doesnt play like this night in and nigh out, Lebron does
phx090::I think ESPN needs to make people take 20 question Sports quiz before they create an account. It would limit the comments to about 2000 a day. lol
Liberal Feminist::I love how Grizz fans talk trash after they've already lost 3 times to the Thunder.  Way to cheer for a 25% win percentage.  Good luck with that percentage in the playoffs.
ApolloBravo::I'm happy for a big win, regardless of how many times we've lost to them. Grizz need wins right now, that's the bottom line.
bolton41415::$@%!$@% bandwagon heat fans, the worst ppl ever, they keep multiplying
joshuadhickman03::dont place all people in that category im a heat fan but i love the game the thunder play as well if i lived in the west coast who knows
23sportsplex::exactly and they hide when the heat lose.
springfresh33::Oh they're in hiding until they can come out to jest or gloat
23sportsplex::actually since the heat keep losing I keep seeing less and less "fans"
springfresh33::Most aren't Grizz fans. Probably Heat and Laker trolls
d-roseinsane::okc sucks $@%
shoe467man::wow is your mom and sister and dad all named okc i would be ashamed of them LOSER
springfresh33::If Rose isn't ready by April 5th then we know he is ducking
23sportsplex::It was one game...This does not make Okc any less amazing this season, if anything it could make them more deadly.
DeezBrown::So true... its not like they lost to the Wizards oh wait. Well you can win em all but OKC is still the favorite
15steele15::And my Spurs move one game closer...
springfresh33::OKC is 3-1 against Memphis and all of a sudden OKC are losers....  LOL
taurus1984::springfresh33 - OKC is 3-1 against Memphis and all of a sudden OKC are losers....  LOL  last season my grizz went 3-1 against ur thunder so regular seasin mean absolutely nothing...most grizz fans actually show respect for the thunder...this board is full of laker and heat fans who dont so before you go pulling out the record books...KNOW THE FACTS...im hoping my gtizz meet ur thunder in the playoffs. go grizz
CandySparker::O.J. Mayo : OK, LA Ho Ma City!
