kevinrsx408::klay thompson has been lighting it up since the monta trade. kids gotta bright future
gordie howe hat trick 7728::I wonder if Mark Jackson wishes he was back at ABC butchering the english language?
TCdallas83::Bring on those punk $@% laker... I love kobe... but this is dirks time..
jessespano23::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets like I was
candycandyYOU::did blake deserve thiss??? lopez ejection good?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIpOvw34MpI
LegendOfDooooom::http://i42.tinypic.com/2w6cjye.jpg
L.A.beanbryant::Dallas We comin' fo yo @ss 1st round!!! lego lakers
ChampionshipsIsTheGoal::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
cason26::GSW is unwatchable.  Are they intentionally trying to lose the rest of the games to be in better draft position? Klay Thompson looks like a decent player but no star power. D. Lee is injured. What a joke!  SF Giants resurrected and won a champ. 49ers resurrected and got to conference final. But GSW has no signs of moving in the right direction.
Kenny_Blanco::What are your expectations when the Warriors are starting 4 rookies (1 first, 2 second, &amp; an undrafted) due to injury? Championship???? Of course they're gonna suck hard.
PadresChargersClippers::GSW will have Bogut/Lee/Wright/Thompson/Curry as a starting lineup next year....thats not bad.
Kenny_Blanco::wright probably wont make the team next season
Eric62748::it's also not that good either
Timdiz85::if they don't finish in the top 7, they owe their draft pick to utah so yes, it would be good for them to keep tanking...
Eric62748::I would laugh super hard if they tank but still end up having to give Utah their pick! Tied for 8th worst right now. Shows no class to tank. You are pretty much slapping the fan base right in the face.
tigerlive::I'm glad the Giants won a championship, but I'm still pissed the niners made the NFC championship game. Play some damn defense
Shabazz702::This is the NBA. What more do you want?
Calipari_Cheats_Still0Rings::i met this real hot kinky chick last night...she said, "humiliate me"... so i bought her a mavs jersey
Hx4r::was this before or after you paid her
Shabazz702::Meanwhile at the Lakers/Spurs board....trolls galore!
tigerlive::does that surprise you? The more a team wins, the more the trolls come out to let them know how much they suck
tigerlive::me too, before NOLA got a team. Only strengthened when Shaq went there
Shabazz702::I know that. I used to be a huge Lakers fan back in the day.
tigerlive::Like I said. Look how many finals they have won
Shabazz702::Actually, it's because the Lakers are playing. Everyone hates the Lakers!
Shabazz702::The remaining schedule for Golden State; at Houston, at Minnesota, home vs the Hornets and the Spurs. The Nets own the tie-breaker because they swept the season series. Can the tank prevail or will it fail?
tigerlive::My Hornets are not good at tanking. 4 of 5 i think, but Minny is in full tank mode for us
springfresh33::Htown wont cover tomorrow
SB4LlFE::same records = balls evenly distributed
SB4LlFE::no tie breakers... only coin flip
Shabazz702::Goddamn it.
FanofTexas28::Rangers doubleheader tomorrow. And the Mavs play the Bulls. God, I love sports.
jtyki0833::4th and 2 and the giants are going for it,   You've gotta love sports! -seinfeld
Hx4r::rangers own verlander
FanofTexas28::I say we win 3 out of 4. They probably win the Verlander vs Feliz matchup.
Texas Rangers Own the American League::Ranger will sweep the Tigers
springfresh33::If the spread wasnt so high I would have picked the Mavs
mattgaea55::fk u klay thompson!
BYoung2k12::that kid is brutal
TubbyTime334::He got some Potential.
FanofTexas28::I'm jealous of Brian Cardinal. He gets paid over $800,000 this year.
I3UTTON::Custodian go hard
FanofTexas28::Thug life.
TubbyTime334::And Earns It Like A Boss.
jzalvarado::Well that stinks!  I had the Warriors splitting the season series with the Mavs this year
BYoung2k12::VC been turnin it up latelyyyy
manel0627::if you get him enough touches to where he's not on the corner all game long he'll get other ppl around him better and he'll do better himself
BYoung2k12::hopefully he can keep it up come playoffs
manel0627::ohh yes
SB4LlFE::gg mavs.. 4 more to go warriors
jzalvarado::see u on tomorrow's tilt
springfresh33::Thank you GS!!!!!!!!
ronell526::same here
ricePaddy69::Nice.
jamesp9375::what a garbage last shot wtf
mattgaea55::screwed me too, i cant  catch a break in the last minute / seconds / innings of these $@% games, last night blown save after felix threw 8 shutout inn, night before okc/pho couldnt score 6 pts in 4 minutes, and now tonight, would be 1500 if i just dont get unlucky
ricePaddy69::Fucc you, both teams.   5 easy points wasted.
manel0627::the best situation for the Mavs is to play the Clips but i dont know how that would happen
I3UTTON::Clips gotta win out and the Lakers need to lose tonight and Sunday
MavsNation92::need lakers to lose and clippers to keep winning
TubbyTime334::Custodian Power.
TheA-TeAm8235::he cleans $@%! up
I3UTTON::Personally id rather play the Clippers. Kobe and the 2 bigs are not something I wanna see first round. The Clippers on the other hand don't have as many players that scare me. With Billups out, CP3 is the only guy they can rely on in late game situations. Griffin can become a liability for them down the stretch because of his poor free throw shooting and limited post moves
SB4LlFE::it's better to play against the clips cuz they're weak... even the tanking warriors gave them a scare the last time they played
tigerlive::zipitedodaz10 hey tigerlive pick a team and stick with it. preferably where you live  I'm a Hornets fan from NOLA. Being an LSU fan, Shaq was my favorite player so I rooted for him in the Finals with the heat, and I hate lebron. That and I thought Dirk deserved to win a ring. What's the problem with that?
tigerlive::and for the Memphis thing. I lived there for 11 years. I like to see them do well. Especially when my team obviously won't be in the playoffs
springfresh33::Cmone GS keep it within 10
MavsNation92::I don't bet but I want to know if you won. Did you win or lose?
springfresh33::LOL
MavsNation92::haha ok. I was going  make fun of you if you lost
springfresh33::I won this game
SB4LlFE::lol it's at 10
springfresh33::It was at 14 before
ricePaddy69::The Cardinal is in. Brace yourselves. =)
ricePaddy69::Dammit. Why'd you block that?
jzalvarado::So all we can hope now is for the continued development of Klay Thompson/Jeremy Tyler..  Hopefully Tyler packs more Muscle mass over the course of the offseason AND Klay refines his game during summer league.  It'll be nice to have a starting 2 and a bonafide backup PF going into next season
TubbyTime334::I thought Curry was States starting 2.
Shabazz702::A 3, possibly a 4 and Lee can be the 5. That kid has some potential. Hopefully, Golden State's front office can think straight come draft time.
TubbyTime334::What Position would he play for you though? I guess he can play pretty much anything.
Shabazz702::The Warriors need someone who can rebound and play defense....Royce White seems like a good option at this point but not as a lottery pick if the Warriors hang onto it.
TubbyTime334::Oh ya Curry shouldn't be PG. Hopefully he is healthy next year. Ya try to get a good PG like Kendall Marshall. I think he could be a good NBA PG.
Shabazz702::He never even passed the ball certain games. He had to take 20+ shots so that the Warriors could edge out a few wins. The Bucks aren't even gonna make the playoffs from the looks of it so I'm guessing nobody won that trade.
jzalvarado::when curry went out with an injuiry, it was Monta who played PG, BUT Curry was considered the starting PG at beginning of season
TubbyTime334::I thought Monta basically played Point.
jzalvarado::No.. it was Monta Ellis.. But in an Ideal world, he would be a 2 while a tall pass first pg would be the 1
TubbyTime334::Uh no i know he is injured but when he is not.
Shabazz702::You don't watch Warriors games that much, do you?
Shabazz702::Thompson needs a better shot selection and Tyler needs to develop his low-post game and become a presence in the Warriors backcourt. I doubt Curry and Bogut are gonna remain healthy next season, though.
Shabazz702::I remember in his Davidson days how he used to carry that team. I knew he'd be a good player in the NBA. Sucks to see him struggling with injuries. Hopefully, he can recover like Grant Hill did.
jzalvarado::yeah im in the same skeptical camp as u are.  It scares me to read the latest article on Curry where they talk about him wearing an Ankle Brace all of next season
MavsNation92::ok than Mavs will destroy the Bulls tomorrow
ricePaddy69::8
zipitedodaz10::this is a beast of a line up
slick trip::chicago bulls win championship this season
slick trip::mavs dont repeat...............too old
zipitedodaz10::MFFL
TubbyTime334::I don't know if Rose is healthy enough.
zipitedodaz10::mavs repeat
ricePaddy69::9 more points...
jzalvarado::Houston.. NOW thats a team in full tank mode.  Tomorrow absolutely scares me
springfresh33::Who do they play?
TubbyTime334::Cool Azubuike Got Some Burn.
springfresh33::Cmon GS..score score score and let the Mavs walk away with a L L L
SB4LlFE::haha not happening
springfresh33::I know, LOL
zipitedodaz10::hey tigerlive pick a team and stick with it. preferably where you live
Shabazz702::I'm from LA...not easy following these teams.
Shabazz702::I know. I'm just giving my insight.
zipitedodaz10::i said tigerlive
MavsNation92::I hope the Mavs lose @ Chicago
TheA-TeAm8235::i hope they beat chicago
zipitedodaz10::flag this fool
TheA-TeAm8235::why should the defending champs fear anyone?  teams should fear us
MavsNation92::7th seed bro
Shabazz702::Man, why is everyone hating on Lebron? He's the greatest ever! MJ is nothing compared to Bron-Bron...  Sorry, couldn't say that without laughing! LOL!
ricePaddy69::13 more points, guys! Let's go!
justinxazdamavs::Loving Vc of late
zipitedodaz10::Hey Trolls... Mavs are going to REPEAT!! get over it
Shabazz702::Lebron's hairline.
MavsNation92::To bad Lebron James will NEVER win a FINALS MVP
Kenny_Blanco::i bet you he wins one before the Mavs win another 'ship
springfresh33::Put Bogey in and he will lead the Warriors to an 80 point lead
jzalvarado::Vogelsong?
springfresh33::It was a Bucks thing
jzalvarado::Oh.  I never heard him be called Bogey
springfresh33::Andrew Bogut
ricePaddy69::Brian Scalabrine will win the Bill Russell Trophy winner before LeBron.
haldirelf::Hey I'm not a big fan of Lebron, but I think he deserves the MVP
haldirelf::I don't think so. I think Kevin Love will win a MVP one of these years
Shabazz702::Durantula.
zipitedodaz10::congrats!
FanofTexas28::Donde esta his Finals MVP?
MavsNation92::and a CHOKER
Shabazz702::Oh great...
haldirelf::Which team do you think the Mavs have a better chance at, at winning a 7 game series? Clippers or Lakers
haldirelf::why??
jzalvarado::point guard play/depth.  I have more faith in the Clippers backcourt experience than RamonSessions/Blake led backcourt
jzalvarado::Lakers.
tigerlive::I'm sorry Mavs. I loved yall won it all last year, and wish yall well this year(unless you play Memphis), and I don't like GS. But go Warriors. Sorry I'm a Hornets fan, and could use them winning
zipitedodaz10::mavs going to repeat
tigerlive::and to the Miami fan I rooted for yall in the finals with Shaq and Wade, and will be fine with yall winning after Lebron leaves, but I will alway root against him
tigerlive::I will be more than fine with that, as long as LeQueen doesn't get a ring. EVER. But I want yall to lose tonight. no offense
Miami Vice1973::what a joke
justinxazdamavs::Sup mavs fans, i see keleena played.
TheA-TeAm8235::looked pretty rusty
