coachzeek41::Wrights speed gives opposing big men a hard time in addition to his jumping ability and wing span. Hes a nightmare if used properly and will compliment Elton brands pick and pop ability and DEFENSE of the rim. A lot of easy dunks and 8 to 10 foot jumpers
coachzeek41::And obviously keep starting kaman. Its already starting to help Mayo like I predicted before in the comments on the " no idea" article for kaman and collision shouldn't be to far behind plus its helping Marion get easier baskets.
coachzeek41::in addition to getting dirk the credit that he deserves finally. We owe him that for staying here and being the most humble and underrated superstar of all time and this year is perfect. Just have to play brandan Wright or just to be clear brand and Wright off bench.
coachzeek41::iif fans could somehow yell it out at a game or someone who edits these comments could pass on the message it would turn these mavericks into champions and make all these other owners look like knuckleheads.
coachzeek41::Plz listen u see kaman is starting again and its working but I took a lot of heat for saying it on here before. Im only trying to help. Carlisle almost has it figured out he just needs to play Wright next to brand off bench and we can win a chip plus shock everyone.
coachzeek41::The duo of brand and Wright playing well off the bench will turn the mavericks season around and make carlisle the third best coach all time.
coachzeek41::Great win last nite and great starts to the last 2 games thanks for starting kaman rick smart move. Now all we need is brandan Wright or should I say brand and Wright playing well off the bench and we can really turn this season around.
Knicks4Life244::Nets lose again here comes the losing spiral.....what you going to do blame it on the coach...what a joke of an organization...
Andydavejones::This has to be the dumbest comment on this board   Mets2410 - lol you guys wanna tell me who's better on the mavs and actually back it up? Deron, while underperforming by his standards, would lead the mavs in assists by far and be their second highest scorer .1 ppg behind OJ.  Hahaha.  You ever hear of Dirk? Jack?
thegooddoc456::Amazing that VC still has one of the most lethal first steps in the NBA, at age 36. It's incredibly difficult to stay in front of him when he drives.
Ontario925::One thing I can say about the Nets that is much better than the Knicks. The Nets know how to beat the Raptors,Pacers,and Cavaliers better than the Knicks this season.
BigPhilly516::And the Knicks beat the Heat better than the Nets this season
Ontario925::This idiot Nets Russian owner just has terrible team roster style system scouts watching over Western Conference teams when he over pays a lot of rediculous money to put Nets teams together.
sp0rtsjunk1e::even tho we lost i'm not as upset as i would normally be. vince carter my favorite net of all time. stay classy VC
LetsGoMavs 2.0::lol Dirk is still going on with a hairy beard  http://instagram.com/p/WV9BPMmbHz/
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Mavs need a pass first pg so bad. I get pissed of when these dump pg don't give the ball to Dirk.
Andydavejones::I know I think Calderon would have been a nice player to get. Maybe If Minnesota gets desperate Ricky Rubio
nets1fan_::Attn interpol espns nba message boards gets hacked everynight and disney/espn does not care at all
nets1fan_::2bfhcjcjdjfh gdffgbgfghfghfhhhgffhhjjgfghjhvvcdthjniuhkjcdryhhh espnwashackedandtheydontcareaboutthereusersbvghcvdddghgrcbhfgvczfhvgyxd
drac1100::Mavs going nowhere this year, but got a decent feeling that the awful year will get Cuban aggressive this summer.  Mayo and Kaman must go.  Collison and Brand should stay in some capacity if it fits.  And can we just cut Roddy already?
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Collison needs to go also bro. Mavs need a pass first point guard and center. I think Mavs should trade their lottery pick and some other players for Demarcus Cousins. He is the real deal and very young. He would love it in a A+ organization like the mavs.   I do agree to keep Elton Brand if we can get him back for the right price. Shawn Marion most likely going to be traded also so mavs will save 10 million in cap space. Mavs will get a 10 million dollar trade exception since Marion contract is expiring at the end of next season.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::My Mavs don't even know how to tank lol. Dirk wont allow it. Same like Kobe with the Lakers. You can't mess with a heart of a champion. Go Mavs!
ALLforthelulz::what is the reason that every nets game is highlighted in yellow on the main scores page
drac1100::because they are your team per your account.  will always be gold and first score on left so you don't have to search.
RUserious-2::After watching DWill play, all of Howard's injuries, Kidd's benching, and Jet's shooting struggles, it's amazing but Dallas may have come out on top after all.  With the new CBA starting after this season, I think we did.
ALLforthelulz::right, with a dirk coming back from injury, 90% of those games not playing starters minutes and being rusty. you cant tell me with a dirk being 100% to start the season, not coming off an injury, they wouldn't have a better record. you cant say that unless youre trolling
47riley47::Just a pity Dirk was injured, this is a decent playoff team
Someone Crushed my Peaches::14-18 with Dirk
Someone Crushed my Peaches::No doubt Dallas is really Good, Mav's front is filled with NBA genius
BBallFanGal::I made the decision to sign with Nets because of Billy King signing Joe Johnson and elected to ignore Mavs.  --  Deron Williams
GARAgaraharikari::why is it everytime i look up, the nets are losing to some sad sack team from the west?......the eastern conference, so fuc.kin overrated
Mets2410::the nets have lost three games to two teams from the west who aren't in the playoffs so unless the only three times you looked up where when those losses happened then I don't know what your'e talking about.
sources says::West is overrated. better then East but overrated.
Ontario925::The West teams are not overrated. There is something wrong with the Nets team roster style system not the West teams roster style system.
PTBMLLLC::All I can do is laugh when I seen the box score
DavidA11429::Nets fans need to stop worrying about us. They better worry about Boston they only 2 1/2 games behind them CTFU!!!!
Mets2410::stop worrying about you guys? you're the ones who come on the Nets board to troll. and ok if you think we need to worry about 2.5 games you guys need to worry about us just 3 back
pfcsnow7::difference is uve gotten to within .5 gm like twice and still havent touched 1st place. its like the knicks go on these losing streaks to allow you to believe ur still in the division, then when ur right there BOOM knicks start winning n nets start losing lol.
BigPhilly516::5 in the loss column which is what matters. And the Nets have 15 of their final 23 on the road.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Good win Mavs. Now back to  #TANK2013
DavidA11429::BROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOKLYN  LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSERS  #KNICKSTAPE
DavidA11429::HAHA Man Swerve with that Ish! And yall yo teams JUNK!!!!
Mets2410::Knicks are what, 2 games over .500 since mid-December? Nets are 10. Nets are coming for that first place buddy watch out
sources says::and yet Nets are chasing the Knicks.
BigPhilly516::The Nets are 7-9 in their last 16 games. Your little fools gold new coach honeymoon is over.
SPORTSGURU2001::Ha Ha Nets still not as good as the Mavs.  If they Mavs played in the easy East they would easily have a better record.
Mets2410::Oh well too bad you're not in the East. Good luck in the lottery.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Like I said before. Mavs have not been in the lottery since 1999. We can take 1 year of. The NEts will continue to be a mediocre team that will never win a title. It's been 5 years since nets have made the playoffs while Mavs have been to the playoffs 12 years in a row since 2000. Anyways Good luck  Mavs will always own the Nets even in a bad year. Go Mavs!!!
LetsGoMavs 2.0::I have been saying it forever. I wish they could move the Mavs to the EASY EAST. We would win it like every year from 2000-2009
no look high five::Gonna watch Skyfall   Duz batmen die?
LetsGoMavs 2.0::What stopped Dwight Howard and Chris Paul from playing together as Dallas Mavericks?  http://sports.yahoo.com/news/nba--what-short-circuited-serious-plans-for-dwight-howard-and-chris-paul-to-play-together-in-dallas--110112.html
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Dumb Dwight Howard opted into his contract with Orlando. Man he is dumb. Both Cp3 and Howard could have been playing alongside Dirk if Dwight wasn't so stupid.
Mets2410::LetsGoMavs you're right the Nets are pretty much stuck but they can make one more impact trade next year Hump is a big expiring and they have some young talent and picks to give up. Better assets next year than this but ya for the most part they can't improve too much.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::no mavs have a pretty smart owner. He knows what he's doing. There is a reason why some people call him the best owner in sports. Ever since be bought the Mavs in 2000, Mavs have made the playoffs 12 years in a row with 11 50+ win season and 2 NBA Finals App in 2006 and 2011. I trust Cuban to make the Mavs contenders again.
sources says::and mavs will be stuck in the rebuilding phaze for the next couple yrs hoping for another dirk
LetsGoMavs 2.0::well as of right now Nets are stuck with that current team forever because of the new CBA rules. NO chance to improve
Mets2410::even if they could do one to do a sign-and-trade to match the salaries though the Nets would have to give up Lopez plus some more I'm just not sure it would work out for either team. Lakers would want more than just Brook but Nets would be reluctant to give more than just Brook.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Nets should try doing a sign and trade with Lakers but the new CBA in 2014 states teams above 4 million in cap space will not be able to do any sign and trades
Mets2410::right now the Nets can't get Dwight but they could've last off-season when he would've been a FA
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Right now neither team has the cap to bring in any of them. Knicks are stuck with old players forever. Nets will be stuck with that same team also but little younger
LetsGoMavs 2.0::The way Dwight has been playing lately I wouldn't take him. Rather have Demarcus Cousins who is only 22 and is a beast. Free agent in 2014 and Dirk contract expires in 2014
sources says::CP3 wanted to play with Melo and Amare. He made a toast about it at Melo's wedding. Howard wanted to play with Deron in BK.
Mets2410::if Dwight didn't opt in to his contract he'd be in Brooklyn right now. Wouldn't be surprised to see him in Dallas this off-season though
sources says::they both wanted to play in NY
no look high five::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gd_Vd43Vxa0  My favorite youtube video.   I PUT THE TEAM ON MY BACK DOE.
farhanx20786::$@%! the Nets. $@%! D will, $@%! Joe Johnson, and once again $@%! the Nets
Mets2410::woah buddy lol what did the nets ever do to you? knicks and nets aren't the red sox and yankees, let alone much of a rivalry at all yet.
HomeOfTheJETS::The Laugher Continues... Look at the comments  http://www.netsdaily.com/2013/3/1/4055208/mavericks-nets-final-score-recap-2013
Mets2410::don't understand why you find nets fans talking about a disappointing game so funny. but you are a knicks fan so I can understand your need to troll the Nets.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Dwill isn't worth 100 million. He's getting worse  I would take a 50 year old Dirk before I take coach killer Deron Williams and his $100 million dollar contract
Mets2410::an injured D-Will is still better than anybody on the Mavs
RUserious-2::Mets2410 you're basing that comment on what success story for the Nets?  Championships? Playoff appearances? MVP's? Playoff wins?  Coach's successes?
no look high five::f*ng up my flow dog. lol
Mets2410::I added in like one thing dude to clarify a sentence. I didn't add in a whole new paragraph lol
no look high five::Deron for Collison?   Sure!   BTW... I hate when people edit comments after posting. Just make a new one bro.
no look high five::Nope. Dwill is pretty good. But the point is that he does not have the heart of a champion. I would take Dirk TODAY over Dwill TODAY. Dwill is a selfish dude. Numbers mean nothing if you can't put a team on your back doe.
Mets2410::You guys are ridiculous. Need to calm down with this D-Will crap. I'm a huge Mets fan and I don't hold a grudge against Jose for leaving. He did was best for his career, like Deron. D-Will was never even a part of your team he never owed you guys squat. And if we offered you Deron for Collison straight up I'm sure Cuban wouldn't even blink before taking that deal. I'm not debating whether or not he's an all-time great player. Dirk is a clear-cut hall of famer. also tons of stars have never been in the finals that doesn't make him a bad player.
no look high five::It absolutely does mean that we get to hold a grudge. Turned his back on us, the Colony, and the City of Dallas. Dude can go suck an egg for all I care. We dodged a bullet.   A big, fat, bone spurred, already peaked, fatso fatty fat fat bullet.
no look high five::How many championships has Dwill lead his teams to?   None? Oh that's right. None.   How many times has he been to the finals?   None? Ohhhhh. That's right!   None.
Mets2410::obviously Dirk has had a better career and when looking back we'll all be in agreement that Dirk was the better player he's a hall of famer but this year dirk has clearly fallen off and is nowhere near the player he was just two years ago or even last year. sorry Deron chose not to sign with you guys doesn't mean you have to hold a grudge against him and bash him mindlessly.
HurricaneHamlin::Dirk. No question. Williams = overrated and overpaid, just like the rest of the Nets roster.
Mets2410::lol you guys wanna tell me who's better on the mavs and actually back it up? Deron, while underperforming by his standards, would lead the mavs in assists by far and be their second highest scorer .1 ppg behind OJ.
no look high five::Dwill   As in. The will to eat cheeseburgers.
garnolfini::He's a bust so far. But I give him credit for not being as fat as Felton. Yet.
HurricaneHamlin::You're delusional.
no look high five::*taps mic*   LIFE.....  of PIE!   FOLKS?
drummerboyg1215::No
no look high five::I'll see myself out.
Dook flops and cries.::<b>THE NETS SUCK!!! #OVERRATED  CP3 &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; SHE-WILL</b>
Delivering Pain::Fear the beards!!. OJ Mayo is better than James Harden anyway.
RUserious-2::Not even close!
carlmatrix::U just said that because he played well tonight, but if we lose you will not say that.
no look high five::I head they made a movie bout yo momma.   It's called Life Of Pie
HomeOfTheJETS::NetsDaily.com is where the best FAIL comments from Nets fans are at.
Mets2410::yep because actual basketball conversation constitutes as fail comments. now postingandtoasting.com on the other hand.... Lol knicks fans say they don't care about the nets yet they troll them all the time just shows how scared they are so they have to try and put the nets down every chance they get. Mavs fan calling the Nets a pathetic franchise, meet the Knicks franchise.
carlmatrix::I thought dallas will be choke again. they gave up their 23 point lead. damn. nice game oj, although im hating on you because you were sucked in the last 3 games.
carlmatrix::lol. yeah man. because we always choked whether it's bad team or good team. they were in good condition tonight, they just played well in offensive and in defensive end.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::I expected us in the 4th quarter also to lose. Stupid A## nets sucks. 1st round exit for sure
garnolfini::DWill headed to Juniors for post-game comfort food.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Nets = Destined for a 1st round exist  Also have not made the playoffs in 5 years
Mets2410::enjoy the lottery
LetsGoMavs 2.0::First lottery since 1999. Better than the Nets joke franchise. We can take 1 year of. Nets have been doing that for a long time.
Him Down Stairs::98&gt;90
pibozh::Mayo &gt; Johnson
thekola::34&gt;26
no look high five::math
I wish I was Obama::What's gas prices in new york?
sources says::3.98
garnolfini::Knicks run NYC. Sorry Sean.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Nets = Mediocre franchise forever
no look high five::But those new uniforms are pretty cool, eh? Nice stadium too. Funny how that doesn't translate to success.   Just ask Jerry Jones.
thekola::to be fair, they are still 9 games over .500. last year they were deep in the lottery.
Eg214::We needed this win Bad!
Thedevil25::Can anyone really explain the rotations by P. J.  Cause seriously he really isn't doing any better then Avery.  Both Micro Manage this team to much
thekola::i think blatche and lopez should play more at the same time. other than that theres not much he can do. you go north of 20 turnovers, youre gonna lose ball games.
Mets2410::pj said when he took over he was gonna keep avery's offense. so basically it's like they're going out there playing pick up ball
I wish I was Obama::Are they really in Brooklyn or is it like the Giants/Jets?
thekola::they are in brooklyn
thekola::I wish I was Obama - new stadium?  yup
I wish I was Obama::new stadium?
knicks_112ndcoming::ouR test starts on sunday. lets go knicks. we have the toughest schedule in the league.. but well finish with a bang.
