Zach Winiecke::Heat fans act like Detroit is the worst team in the league. We have some good players if you haven't noticed
Philip Wilson::exactly....
Cory Nope::Dont engage- they only know what espn tells them. lol
Jake Paas::You do realize that 85% of heat fans are bandwagons right??
Tar Yak::Pistons 101  Heat 94
Eric Walter::Are you being funny with this prediction or are you a Detroit Pistons fan?
Tar Yak::Just a Pistons fan... :)
Eric Walter::Tar Yak, Gotcha! So, is this you being hopelessly optimistic or do you really think they'll beat the Heat in Miami? And the Pistons definitely had their day in the sun, we'll never forget the "bad boy" teams!!
Latece K Christmon::Pistons up by +10, but they're in Miami......Expect the refs come storming back in this game.
Ayn Bland::So we shouldn't count how many LeBron charges cause the refs to swallow their whistles?
Paul Walker::Jeff, shut you troll
Jake Pool::As long as heat settles for 3's we will be ok,but refs will save heat
Chandler Barnes::Detroit dominated the boards cuz they're bigger. Exposing once again Miami's achilles heel....SIZE...this is the same reason Paul George and the Pacers are going to crush Queen James and the undersized heat.
Brandon Tigues::like the last 2 years oh wait
Yoonki Ethan Park::The Pacers have definitely been a tough matchup for the Heat. But for a team that lost in 6 games to the Heat last year, those are some big words against the 2-time defending champs.
Kenton Williams::Yoonki Ethan Park 7 games dude.
Philip Wilson::Funny how people aren't giving the Pistons credit for playin a good game against the champs. Still wanna say they suck and are crappy. They dont deserve any amount of credit?
John Keros::Philip- Ppl aren't giving Portland a ton of credit either.  Don't take it wrong.  When ANY team's bad for years, it takes more than 15 gms to turn minds around- as it should.  In another 35 gms, ppl will recognize Detroit.  That's how it's always been for bad teams- unless they gain a superstar, etc..
Yoonki Ethan Park::Heat lose a game after a 9 game winning streak. People start losing their heads.
Evan Michaelis::pacers feel ur pain loose after a 9 game winning streak then loose after a 7... people don't seem to understand teams are gonna loose games
Jason Peters::LOL!  Sorry Heat fans, I put your Heat in a parlay.. Which means Pistons win by 9
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::If they do, so what? Does that mean they've clinched a playoff spot in December?
Tony Clark::Detroit had 7 guys in double figures!!!! Team ball dominates selfish non defensive teams all day!!!! Bosh is garbage and should learn his role!!! Miami needs to learn how to play as a team
Charley Doherty::Lets not get over zealous here. This was by far the best the Pistons have played all year.
George Jimas::well considering they have won back to back championships i'd say they're doing just fine.
Prince Lacaste::out talent every team?? lol. that alone wont get you to the mountain top. Just because they have lbj n wade doesnt mean they cant work as a team
Erik Ferg::Detroit came to play tonite.
Jody George Prats::Looks like the Heat might only win by 6 or 7.
Jake Pool::Not tonite,they don't care,it's a shame
Brandon Tigues::lebron the entire night.. dribble pass dribble pass dribble pass shoot dribble pass dribble pass dribble pass shoot  this is even with the heat struggling to create offense..dude take over like we know you can do
Eric Bell::One of the best games I've watched all year. Pistons came out on fire, Miami picked up the slack and made it a close game, then Pistons recollected themselves and put in the final nail. Great team work, great play making, fantastic. Hopefully they can use this momentum and run with it.
Devin Baranick::THANK YOU PISTONS!!!! I had Portland over Indiana last night, and Detroit over Miami today! Thanks for the extra spending money!!!!
Renaldy Zamora::Congratulation! sir, are u a Cleveland fan?
Devin Baranick::No, I'm a Timberwolves fan lol! Miami were the favorites in this game by 10 points, I felt like it was a safe bet no matter what. The heat have not been blowing teams out by more than 10 this year.
Cory Nope::Devin Baranick Always take the Pistons when theyre a heavy underdog- teams let up and they usually cover the spread.  U of M football is the opposite- never trust U of M when theyre above a 20pt favorite.
Tyler DuPont::this will show you all http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZgqVEmPCWg&feature=youtu.be
Ed DeSalle::This is the problem. This team ALWAYS comes out LAZY against really CRAPPY teams like Detroit!
Jake Paas::Detroit is crappy? Then what does that make miami since they got beat by double digits by this so called crappy team
Dishant Patel::lol dude dont even try to compare miami with detroit..... regular season Enough said!!!!
Jake Paas::I wasn't really comparing the two teams. All I'm saying is that you shouldn't contradict yourself.
Marty L. Weathers::Its another win for the HEAT.
Michael Joseph Papazian::Wrong!
Jake Paas::You sir just won the epic failure of the day. Congrats!
Zach Winiecke::Leflop
Mitchell Swirth::shut up you little queer.
Zach Winiecke::Mitchell Swirth youre blind if you wont admit that was a flop
Adam Youman::Zach Winiecke no no no stuckey (205lbs) could easily knock down big tough lebron james (250lbs) any day. thats all swirth is trying to say
Chad Burkheimer::A few things I've noticed...  1. Everyone is starting to acknowledge that the Heat aren't really a great team, they are just stacked. The only ones who don't see that are the Miami bandwagon fans. 2. Heat fans are quick to not care about winning any games during the regular season... Unless they are on a winning streak and in that case it's all about how they're dominating. 3. Even though this game says nothing about Miami getting into the Playoffs (they will prob end up with the 1 or 2 seed) it does say something about their character and that out of all that "talent" not one of them, or even 5 of them, could come up with a couple extra points each. That's why I can't respect LBJ. He can't carry his team through just 1 game against Detroit. I don't expect it every game bc that's unreasonable but really? The dude that is argued to be better than MJ can't dig deep for just one game?
No Names James::Heat fans are going to argue about the games that LBJ supposedly stepped up and led his team to victory. You are right though the heat aren't a good team they are just stacked with talent. Most of their players would be starters on another team, Wade, Bosh and James would be franchise players on their on teams. I agree with you, but be prepared for the arguments to follow later. MJ and Kobe won titles with a lesser cast of team mates than LBJ currently has IJS..
Ikenna Nwaghanata::So I guess you could say Magic Johnson and Larry Bird's teams weren't really great either. They were just stacked with talent as well? WTF? What great teams aren't stacked? Michael had Pippen and Grant, then Pippen and Rodman surrounded by good role who were had special traits that they brought to the team whether it was defense, 3 point shooters or something else. No one wins without talent. NO one. Even Hakeem's teams had the right mix of role players which made them special. Just stop man.
Chad Burkheimer::No Names James That's kind of my point. Really Bosh, LBJ, and Wade once led their franchise's. People argue the Bulls did what Miami did but Pippen and Rodman aren't athletes that could lead teams on their own like Wade and Bosh. Same with Kobe and the Lakers. Kobe can lead a team and he needed teammates like Bynum and Gasol but Bynum and Gasol couldn't go to a team and be their backbone like Kobe can/could. And I'm prepared for the argument. If you post one opinion on here you get chastized and ganged up on for having a conflicting opinion. Typical Miami fans I guess. HAHA!!!
Sincity Modman::This is a sorry excuse for a game, I have lost faith in the coaching of Miami putting celebrity ahead of promise and potential will kill you every time, Lebron IS NOT the messiah everyone praises him to be.  Jordan was Jordan, and noone ever will be Jordan but him.  Same thing with "Doctor J", "Pistol Pete", Larry Byrd, "Magic" IM STILL STANDING Johnson, "Shaq" Mr No Freethrow Joe, Allen Iverson, etc. STOP EXPECTING ANOTHER!
Jody George Prats::overdose much?
Cory Nope::LeBron chooses to market himself as such. That marketing protects his career and that illusion that you just exposed. lol
Mitchell Swirth::Cory Nope yeah cause the media hasssssss nothing to do with it....
Michael Joseph Papazian::Way to go Pistons. Winning this game on the road is a huge step for the team. 7 Players in double figures on the road is a nice team effort. Really impressed how they are starting to gel. It's not like they've been playing together for 4 years like this Heat team has. They have 18 games together now. Nice job!
Tyler Alexander Enterline::I hope you haters understand that the Miami Heat aren't going for an amazing record they are improving their bench players and having fun and you don't understand the amount of depth that the Heat will have in the Playoffs. It will be insane!
Treyvon Carter::but haters are going to be haters
Ronald Porupsky::Heat still suck.
Treyvon Carter::Ronald Porupsky you suck
Mike Plummer::Lebron took fewer shots than Beasley. That's like Jordan taking fewer shots than Will Perdue. C'mon Lebron! You wanna be the GOAT? Quit taking nights off.
No Names James::He can't take many shots, with that line up.. If he does and he misses them it will hurt his FG% and people will really start comparing him to Melo and Kobe.
Brandon Tigues::No Names James lebron's last season in Cleveland he shot 50 percent from the field while attempting 20 shots per game, so I'm sure attempting a few more shots won't hurt his shooting percentage..it's at 59 percent right now maybe it'll slide to about 53-54 percent but that's still great.
Tim Pruitt::The heat are so terrible.  It's going to take them 6 games in the finals to win the title this year.  TERRIBLE
Johny Tsunami Cappucci::This is one of those games that Lebron should just shoot the ball 30 times
Justin Porter::Would be a great game to let Oden get 10mins of play time vs Pistons BIG.. Cant just toss him in vs Hibbert lol
Evan Michaelis::that seems to be there crazy plan which im pretty sure oden doesn't like the idea espically wit how hibbert has been playing
