Chuck::I don't care what the injury situation is, there is NO reason for Tony Snell to shoot 11 three's.
David::Another strong game by Kendrick Perkins.  Why is this guy even in the league?  Does he have incriminating pictures of the owner?
Austin::People are complaining about the Bulls getting two televised games in a week, however they were one of the toughest teams out in the playoffs last year without their star Derrick Rose. Schedule makers can't see the future. I agree, they should probably shut it down and build for the future, but quit complaining!
scott::The Bulls should just rebuild and start by trading boozer to a contender before his wheels fall off.
kgdkdsk jgrjfgjd;fl::The stat line on Durant & WestBRICK make the most sense of any game they have played together this year. If WestBRICK can cut the turnovers down just slightly, with this stat line on the team, they have a chance for a NBA championship. This is one game. WestBRICK must show that he is willing to be Robin (as Durant is Batman) on a nightly basis. He is a fabulous athlete, but must keep his ego in check if OKC is to beat an elite team during the playoffs. Durant is THE man!
Peter::Gotta love garbage time scrub ball. Pathetic.
Eric C::There's no team in this league that can hang with OKC right now the way we've been playing. Obviously we cant win every game, but look for us to have the best record at the end of the year. Baring any significant injury OKC will win it all this year. And as for tonights game, sorry Chicago, this ones going to get ugly right from the opening tip. THUNDER UP!!!
I State Facts And You Get Mad::But lol the Thunder get both the Pacers and Bulls on back to backs...  Usually when 2 good teams face off, they usually schedule them with a day off in between games... I guess the schedule makers didnt think OKC would be this good this season
I State Facts And You Get Mad::The Bulls are an embarrassment, they need to get them off of National TV...
Martz::Why is boozer still on the bulls, he sucks, and honestly jimmy butler is overrated as hell, the only safe people are noah and rose.
