George Chip Thayer::Best wishes to the Pelican fans.  Go CaVs!
Steve Klingensmith::i know it is way early but anyone else have the thought ...bennett is kwame 2.0?
Brandon Tigues::lol yup
Jr Lopez::Looks like it...
Dustin Hardin::Dellavedova is going to be very valuable down the stretch. Maybe not quite ready to be starting but his Basketball IQ, hustle and hard work is off the charts. A great player off the bench for now, something of a diamond in the rough, once he is completely NBA polished he will be like another Steve Nash. Remember folks, Delly is only 23 years old... Cavs got a great player in Matthew Dellavedova. Believe that.
Tom Taplinger::Kyrie goes 9 for 22 shooting (40%)  and ONLY has 2 assists while handling the ball most of the time and hogging the ball the last 5 minutes (on MB's directions).  This is NOT a good point guard or good coaching strategy.  OH YEAH!  And give up 62 points in the second half !!!  Nice defense Mr. Brown !!!!!!
Michael Maiorano::Bynum has played 6 of the first 19 minutes.  Guess he doesn't want to burn out he has a big bowling tournament tomorrow afternoon.
Ryan Sems::Another classic Mike Brown implosion.
Matthew Sedlmeyer::the east is so awful 4-9 is barely out of the playoffs.
Paa Hawkins::doesn't matter when the best team in the NBA keeps coming out of the East.
Ryan Sems::First comment.  Whoopee!!!
George Chip Thayer::I've tried to be patient with Mike Brown, but this is going nowhere fast.   There's no way Clark should be getting more minutes than Tristan Thompson.  TT has shown he can handle 30+ every game at. Double double per.  Clark manages a three or two per game but also sends quicker oppents to the line at a higher rate.  Karasev is raw, but can shoot and is learning the NBA D quick.  Play him more.  Stop trying to reach Waiters some kind of lesson by sitting him for long periods.  He can take 30+ per as well as he's a load in the 4th.  But play him so he can be instead of playing/starting Delly.   ThTa just sick.  Somewhere Byron Scott is LHAO.   And what does sitting Bennett do?   Put him situations for him to succeed.
Leon Debeljak::tristan playing only 23min (almost a DD) showed me that this man doesn't know what the f is he doing in cleveland...
Brandon Tigues::cavs management ruined Anthony Bennett's career before it even started when they took him 1st in the draft, if they took him in the mid 20's or 2nd round his awful start wouldn't even be an issue but since there's a certain standard top 5 picks are supposed to live up to his career will be forever looked at as a failure no matter what he does..he could become a solid starter and average 18 and 8 but it won't matter.
Steve Klingensmith::on the bright side porter,  len and noel arent doing any better (i know nerlens is hurt) those were the other 3 that were getting buzz about getting picked #1. to bad the had waiters and didnt really think about olopido
Brandon Tigues::Steve Klingensmith haha that's true but porter and noel are hurt so we still are yet to see how they turn out,and I think the cavs were better off keeping waiters I've watched olodipo and he hasn't looked great nor good neither, he's averaging a lil over 12 ppg on 39 percent shooting and he's averaging over 4 turnovers a game...if the cavs do end up being a lottery team at least they can't miss in next years draft, especially if they get to pick somewhere in the top 10.
Steve Klingensmith::Brandon Tigues i was just pointing out that even though im ripping bennett only one of the top 5 are doing anything. and i was thinking more along the lines that they could have take olopido even with waiters. they can always trade one.
Ryan Hastings::Don't understand why Varejao was in the game for so long down the stretch.  Thompson was having a good game to that point offensive and defensively, yet Varejao with a total of 4 points in 28 minutes was in until about the 2 minute mark.  Just a really bad ball club to lose shooting 53% from the floor..
Ryan Sems::I think only the homers seriously thought the Cavs were real contenders this off-season, after bringing in the "Killer B's" - Bynum, Brown, Bennett, etc.
Steve Klingensmith::didnt have a problem taking the flyer on bynum.but recycling brown and the bennett pick were not good.all the high picks and this is the product they put out?
Ryan Sems::Judging by the amazing number of comments, you can sense that Mike Brown is creating some real excitement for this 2013-14 Cavs season.
Steve Klingensmith::the cavs arent making the playoffs. they arent good and besides kyrie there isnt alot of talent.i like TT but he isnt the next love
Paa Hawkins::4-10 after we lose to the Spurs tomorrow night. SMH Lakers had the sense to fire Potato after 4 games. The Cavs not so much.
Leon P Johnson::Why let Kyrie go 1 on 5 in the last 3 mins, when ball movement is what got you the lead in the first place? this game plan makes no sense.
Steve Klingensmith::good god man...dont try to understand browns offensiive strategy. youll end up going insane. it seems like he lets them do whatever they want sometimes
Leon P Johnson::Steve Klingensmith it's absurd. Literally they went 6 or 7 straight possessions in the last 3 mins where no one touched the ball on offense for the cavs but kyrie.
Brandon Tigues::Leon P Johnson  same offensive strategy he ran with lebron in the last 5 minutes of the game, same offensive strategy he ran with kobe in the last 5 minutes of the game..give the ball to your best offensive player and let him create.
Steve Klingensmith::man i just love seeing the #1 pick and another first rounder riding the bench. reached on picks to often perhaps?
Michael Maiorano::Andrew Bynum is shooting 34% on the year.  How is that possible? all his shots are within 3 feet from the hoop.  Gosh he sucks
Daniel Kiraly::my cavs are literally embarrassing to watch and I'm a cavs fan.. they are not even using irving at all
Steve Klingensmith::it is painful.not showing any inprovement
Ryan Sems::And now for an encore, the Cavs will attempt to play their next game in San Antonio.  Good luck with that.
Ryan Sems::You all do realize that Kyrie Irving is most likely gonna bolt after his contract is up.  Correct?
Brandon Tigues::lol he can't now after he told that kid he would never leave, he effed himself
Steve Klingensmith::would not surprise me
Steve Klingensmith::Brandon Tigues yeah like he cant come up with any excuse and leave anyways
Ryan Sems::I'm still SMH over folks thinking the Cavs were gonna magically become a good team this year.
Crowdcapper.com::Come over and talk about the game for free at the first ever social capping site.! Look above at name for the website.
Brandon Tigues::how did Cleveland blow this lead? they were up 12 with 4 minutes to go when I stopped watching, wow
Adrian DiMarcantonio::mike brown never knew how to coach close games.  he ruins players careers
Brandon Tigues::Adrian DiMarcantonio  lmaooo he ruins players careers..I dunno why I found that funny
Ryan Sems::Wow.  Cavs give up a big lead and lose late.  I've never seen that happen on a Mike Brown coached team.  LOL
