Japhet Jan Ballesteros::Go Nuggets.
Danny Leavitt::Denver's point guard and leading scorer did not play this game. I give them huge credit for coming back from 12 down on the 6 straight road game.
Brandon Milligan::Nene, Beal, Harrington, and Webster didn't play for the Wiz. They average 55.5 PPG combined. Wiz are just as banged up, if not more. Not taking anything away from Denver, gritty win, but this game isn't an indication of the Wizards ability.
Danny Leavitt::Brandon Milligan I wondered about that. The Wiz have beaten Denver the last couple of years. Thanks,
Alan Pettyjohn::Brandon Milligan Lawson, McGee, Gallo out for Nuggets...grab some tissues...
Collin Smith::Wizards need this win. Even though both teams have a ton of injuries.
Danny Leavitt::4-2 on long road trip. Nice job Nuggets!
Thomas Paul Owens Sr.::An NBA game and both teams shot in the 50% range on free throws...are you kidding me? The Wiz shot 36% from the field and Denver 41% - how pathetic is that...this is PROFESSIONAL basket ball folks! Oh, and the Refs took the night off as well...how bout we demand this game be dropped from their paychecks? Can we get a petition going. What's happened to sports? It's everywhere...lethargic, no passion...it's like watching a car rust...I'm taking up knitting...F it!
Al Sotowitz::No you're not. Stop watching or quit whining.
Connor Fielding::Lol, you can always just flick the channel. It was an off game, get over it. No Lawson, no Beal….it happens.
Thomas Paul Owens Sr.::Connor Fielding It happens every night...it's not random!! And Al, don't tell me to stop watching...that doesn't solve the problem...does it?
Norm Geisner::Chris Singleton is 2 for 15 in his last two games.  What a waste of space.
Jason Peters::Denver pours it on in the 3rd qtr, has a 11 pt lead going into the 4th qtr.
Kirk Comer::Hope its the other way around. lol
Christopher Paul Bowen::No Ty lawson no problem
Collin Smith::Its not like we didnt have a ton of injuries too.......
Christopher Paul Bowen::Collin Smith Lawson=All Star this year, Gallo=Starter, Mcgee=Starter....you had beale out, 3 to 1 sorry
Collin Smith::Christopher Paul Bowen Brad beal, Nene, martell who is a great 3 point shooter. AL a solid bench player. Do some research before you assume and go look at those guys stats why your t it.
Melvin Hall::Wiz baby
Alan Pettyjohn::This game had a Washington team...just needed them to be named the Generals and have them playing the Globetrotters for this one to be entertaining though. Good, gritty W Nuggets!
Daniel Tuggle::Should've kept driving to the basket with John walls talent.... but I will say I'm a UK fan... and that shot right there is John Walls shot he makes that elbow most times just lost it on the strip from Robinson
Alex Naeff::Im not sure if Nate-Rob stripped it. It kind of looked like Wall just fumbled it
Alan Ogg::5+ wizards choke in the last 30 seconds and not a peep from people. but GOD FORBID lebron james misses a shot with under 30 seconds left and its the end of the world...
Thomas Paul Owens Sr.::they play like they have menstrual cramps in the 2nd half. 2 games in a row they went brain dead and gave away..you got Redskinsitis or what?...wtf is wrong with you schlubs!!
Jason Peters::And....Wizards go on a 7-2 run to start the 4th to put this game away. Nuggets' fing blow...7 pt lead is all Wizs need against this garbage Denver team.
Alex Naeff::Well this is uncomfortable....
Alan Pettyjohn::Typical Chefs fan....no pro basketball team so you have to knock the team that comes from the same town as your Chefs Daddy! btw...this "garbage" team just won this game...but as a Chefs fan, you must be used to Denver teams screwing up your delusions...
Chris Smith::Tough night for wall.. not getting any and 1 calls that were obvious.. regardless he needs to at least get a shot off at the end of the game.. sour taste left
Randy Dixon::Denver is complete garbage...George Karl did a great job with these group of bums...Shaw can't coach these trash bags up
Alex Naeff::13-8 after losing Iggy, Gallo, and McGee. But I don't know why I even bother answering to ignorant trolls like yourself.
Brandon Tigues::the wizards are allergic to success..it seems like when things are going great for this team they fall back into old habits
Collin Smith::Smh......When will the wizards be healthy. In the last two years i think we only had a handful of games fully healthy.
Michael Worth::That's part of the game
Collin Smith::Michael Worth I know. But the wizards have had the most injuries in the past couple of years. All maryland teams are injury prone.
Michael Worth::Collin Smith I like John Wall but he can't play a full season. Good luck building a team I would like to see some new teams at the top soon
Kirk Comer::4 minutes to go in 4th quarter and wizards have shot 7 free throws. Referees swallow whistles on the drives this game.
Collin Smith::The wizards have no shooters when beal,martell and AL are out. good thing beal and martell might be back on friday
Thomas Paul Owens Sr.::Pathetic pathetic pathetic pathetic pathetic pathetic ....how's that?
Ron Schaffer::Wizards have gone from being horrible to being average. So that's an improvement, I guess.
Thomas Paul Owens Sr.::I think Elvin Hayes and Wes Unseld are still breathing - give them a call Ernie...Phil...suit up!!
Kirk Comer::Tough loss for the wiz. Should see be a healthier and better team in 3 days against Atlanta.
Shawn-Hlee Hawj::Wow...That few seconds there takes forever. Good win nuggets...
