Eric212346::Hey do you people know where all the westbrook haters are at.
Excelscior1::His 40% has actually gone up the last several games to the 41.7% it is now. So it's actually been an improvement. However when teams game plan for him as much as KD, that's when he becomes a brickmaster and TO machine, cause he keeps shooting and driving to the hole when it's not there.
Eric212346::Well he tries to draw fouls all I am saying is people treat him like he's not any good.He is getting better.
nba is the worst::He leads the league in bricks so far this season.  Nice to get +20 ftas on the road - 8 on 5 usually wins
Eric212346::First of all his ast per game are up,and also he has to shoot alot because this team needs him to score to win games which they do on a consistent basis.
nba is the worst::He's 19th in the league in ast/TO ratio, and 5th in ppg shooting 41.7%, right?
Eric212346::So you're going to be a $@%!$ and not look at his points per game and assists per game.
xBudRadx::Time to go get my Big Mac
RNYC::Perkins sucks. He needs to be amnestied.
Liberal Feminist::It's time to get rid of Perkins.  Presti, You're one of the best GM's in the league, you don't pay your center $10Mil/year for 2 rebounds!!!  That's crap!!!!
nba is the worst::According to ESPN, Perk's making 7.8 mil
Excelscior1::He signed a 5 yr $55mil contract. Don't go by what he's making this year. You should know that.
RafaWoods01::Perkins contributions don't necessarily show up on a stat sheet. You don't get stats for being a good low post defender. With that said, he's overpaid but can be useful particularly in the playoffs.
Spursdc::For a jump shooter, KD takes a helluva lot of fts
RafaWoods01::KD takes it to the hole and quite frankly he gets fouled a lot. The year the Mavs won the championship, Dirk took almost nothing but jump shots and was on the line all day.
mercedsAMG1977::Using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. ive doubled my money following this system in less than a month. You can find more about the system by searching for sports betting system on Google.
dar1229::20 more free throws....
BlueSh1rt::20 more fouls...
Mumu8833::This game was funny too watch.  Usually Collins gets angry at bad calls, but there were so many in a row in the 3rd that he just gave up.  NBA has to start calling the same fouls for regular players that they call for stars... stars don't need the help
pepex192::I don't see the thunder as a title contender yet because when KD and Westbrook are not on the floor the thunder struggle to score points because maynor,martin, collison, thabeet, sefolosha, aren't really scores except martin but sometimes he needs someone to create for him. i think martin closes up the hole that harden left have way and i think perry jones or lamb will close that other have. scott brooks needs to start letting these players play because the thunder need more offense in the second unit and the first because i think sefolosha is a great defender but not so good at offense, perkins is the same thing so i think scott brooks needs to lets lamb and jones play sometimes with kd and Westbrook at times and see what happens because i think one of those two kids will becomes a really good player and maybe a star.    KEVIN DURANT NEEDS TO ATTACK THE BASKET AND STOP SHOOTING SO MANY GOD DAMN THREE
Gods illa::We are strait man. ..  Maynor is very capable of running the offense .. And a lot of times u see starters sprinkled in with second teamers   As far as the rookies playing brooks is probably just trying to get them up to speed .. Remember we are an elite team in my not benefit us to just throw em out there and let em sink or swim .. We don't "NEED" them .. But I think lamb could possibly be James harden for us
IamMrBob::Good job OKC
gsquared112::Only place Bynum will be posted up is at Pat's or Geno's
The_Iron_Fist::Thirty-Seven free-throws.
Carbon-based::Perkins 3pts for the game, he make Lamar odom look like Bernard King
Gods illa::And they do da d.amn good job  1st and 5th in scoring last year ..  Even if they dip in production this year the only thing it would mean is they are human ! !
RDavison82::Perkins isn't on the team to score, we have durant and westbrook for that.
Carbon-based::Okc suck
ScottDiesel33::It's funny how every Thunder headline consists of "Westbrook and Durant lead Thunder to victory." Like, no other headline exists with OKC haha.
rsilver14::should have said "Westbrook, Durant, and Refs lead Thunder to victory"
ScottDiesel33::haha what? I'm a huge OKC fan dude. It's just funny that every single headline is the exact same thing cause we have two star players, and there's nothing else it could be.
jc_sooner::Is this supposed to be funny? Are u trying to take a shot at okc?
chicago d rose::dixers lose again
ericp6565::of course westbrick would have more shots than durant
Gods illa::So then the fact Westbrook made mistakes and Philly cllimed back in is irrelevant  That's my point
Gods illa::@mumu they came back and lost
Mumu8833::because durant closed the game
Mumu8833::the Sixers came back when Westbrook took 5 bad shots in a row...  Durant should have the ball more
RafaWoods01::Or so you claim. Nobody ever criticizes Durant for his mistakes. He turns the ball over too much and can be denied the ball by physical defenders. Guess what? It affects the team yet he gets a pass because the media loves him. Yeah, Russ makes mistakes and for whatever reason he is under the microscope but he also keeps getting better and he's already elite.
Fascist Rapper::Durant took a ton of free throws too
Gods illa::Lol like that just started .. Made it to finals with Westbrook doing that  And there was pretty of playoffs games where Russ carried us on his back ..  And Russ touches the ball every play and can blow by anybody in the league with just a step on em
Grape35OKC::so?
lake_405::I don't understand every team the Thunder wins fans of the other team are like oh well we played them close so that's good enough. Moral victories don't exist you lost that's not something to be happy about.
ganggreengaingreen_oww::its a long season fool the  sixers are still trying to find their groove with the rotation of players they got, we dont have a seven foot freak that hits every shot he takes, we have 5 SG/SF that rotate too often and 3 centers that all just want bynum to take their spot. Nice chokejob to the heat last year, hope you felt morally ok
RDavison82::So what if OKC choked at least they made it to the finals.  When was the last time the 76er's were relevant let alone when was the last time they even made the finals.
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::Why doesn't Iverson resign with Philly?? He could still win a ring with them when Bynum comes back
Chargers_4_Sale::Funny thing is the Lakers couldn't beat the Thunder with Bynum, so how the h3ll is Philly going to beat the Thunder with/without Bynum?
Chargers_4_Sale::Philly should blame the coach for taking your X-fact J-rich out the game.
rsilver14::JRich resprained his ankle
picaac15::Sixers lose 2 against the Knicks, win next 3, lose next two, win 3 after that...   The Sixers just lost 2 in a row... do we win 3 in a row now?
SMOOVEE34::Letting Hardin go is starting to look like not the right thing to do. The Thunder miss his defense and that proven scoring coming off the bench. Plus he was guarding the other teams best player when on the floor. This young team is good but they are not going back to the Championship game.  Damn!
catchingfire_21::i say trade the picks to get a big man that can score along with ibaka.  i like perkins and the guy plays mean but has one of the worst shots ive ever seen
Gods illa::Provin scoring no Harden was very streaky  He was guarding other teams best player because that is what tabo does and that is who he usually replaced on the floor  With harden we has a chance to be the best team in this generation and with out we are still a title contender that will win a ring or too we just won't be all time great
catchingfire_21::martin may have had two slow games the past few days but the guy can score and can score ALOT.   and the draft picks they recieved will help alot  Reason #1 Presti is a genious with draft pics  Reason #2 high draft pics can be traded for even better players
4 Petes Sake::Seems like a wierd time to say that considering we won.  Do you remember the end of last regular season when we dropped 8 of our last 9 games?  Then went on to beat the MAVS 2011 champs, Lakers 2010, 2009 champs, and Spurs 2007 champs.  Lets let the season play out or you (might) look stupid.
picaac15::Most importantly..  <b> The Sixers, without their best player Andrew Bynum, took the defending Western Conference Champions to OT without any help from the Refs <b></b></b>
4 Petes Sake::Good game.  Question is, do you want moral victories?
picaac15::With a team like the Sixers today was just a test to see where we are, win or lose. It showed everything's there as long as we play hard every night.
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::A guy has to play to be your best player.
Laangels5824::And they lost...
picaac15::I would have been surprised if the Sixers won
picaac15::But there is ZERO reason to be mad about this loss. There was A LOT OF THINGS great that happened today.  1) Thad Young Showed Up. This was a GREAT sign. 2) Even though Holliday didnt score, he still managed 13 assists showing he can alter his game and still be good 3) Dorrell Wright made some 3's. He's been in a drought.  4) The Fans... SO MANY FANS!!! 5) LOTS OF ENERGY... even when the Thunder were pushing 10 point leads the Sixers managed to come back. 6) Doug Collins using Wayns instead of Ivey off of the bench. If Wayns can learn to not shoot so much his energy will definitely spark this team when needed.
Pewetang::OKC is on beast mode..and i like Thabo Sefolosha but i think he should not be getting 38 minutes, Thabeet should be getting more then 9 minutes if we want him to learn anything and become a better asset to the team.
All.Star54321::LOL. Westbrook still shooting more than Durant? ok then...but Thunder are good! :D http://isportslife.wordpress.com/
picaac15::Okay, the Sixers got 20 less FT's than the Thunder.. and a lot of them WERE fouls.. but there were, and I counted, 5 different ghost calls against the Sixers.  Thats 10FTs.. how many did the Sixers lose by? 7....  Of course OKC will get more calls (Durant, Westbrook), but COME ON REFS!!!! If you want small teams to succeed you cant $@%!$@%! the good teams wins like that! Calling games like this isnt good in any way for the league... it needs to stop.
catchingfire_21::thats a cop out if the team wants to win they need to play better
Pewetang::I'm an OKC fan and if you want to see that stop..bring back the handcheck rule, plane and simple.
.antistratfordian.::I really think it's going to be Heat-Thunder in the Finals again this year.  Same result though.
catchingfire_21::i want to see Thunder vs Celtics .  i think the celtics are capable of knocking off the heat
loodakris5928::that bench needs to get better
SteelersHave6Rings::@.antistratfordian....Thunder are much better this year and will know what to do in the finals....thunder have it this year
4 Petes Sake::Ibaka streak snapped.  43 straight games with at least a block.  Do the Rockets even go to the playoffs?
bmrsnrox::anyone else think westbrook counts FG attempts? he always seems to have one more than durant.
Pewetang::Nah and to be honest. i think Westbrook dont know how many times he shoot the ball. but i did notice since Kevin Durant has the ball a lil more he has been turning the ball over more then Westbrook, but you wont here that from espn lol.
4 Petes Sake::According to BIGMIKE, you cant be excited after going to the FINALS.
Grape35OKC::I hate Texas AM but this kid Manziel is gonna win the Heisman
Erban Legend::The Heisman is the most overrated award in sports.
BigMike33086::OKC fans so happy they went to the finals and now they think they have achieved something but hate on the Spurs who have 4 rings go figure
Pewetang::and i fully agree with "4 Pete Sake" of course we dont hate on the Spurs 4 rings we just trying to get 1 ring ourselves right now.
4 Petes Sake::Pretty good for such young team.   Mainly we were excited to shut Spurs fans mouths with that BACKDOOR SWEEP.
Grape35OKC::we dont have to like the Spurs
Erban Legend::They really need to stop calling fouls when lanky Durant throws his arms into the defender and then throws up a jumper... Without that, this dude would average like 4 freethrows per game.
SteelersHave6Rings::No he has adapted to the game...he gets the calls the way he knows they will get called...if it were different he would adapt to thhat...no quit whining and accept the fact that the thunder are just good!
Grape35OKC::Philly tried to be physical with KD....didnt work
Grape35OKC::thats interesting
Erban Legend::So the biggest KD sack sucker on Earth doesn't deny what I said?? Got ya.
IggyIsClutch::Nah the refs bailed him out
4 Petes Sake::Notice since the FLOPPING RULE took affect that the Spurs really arent that potent?
Pewetang::Now why was i thinking the same thing
oneandonlybabe::How cruel for the Wizards again losing in OT after leading with a few seconds left.
4 Petes Sake::Russ tearin it up in the assists.    Dont seem to hear as much criticism.   Hmmmmm.........
Sonic_Sooner::BEFORE every game, you hear from the haters.  Then Russell Athletic puts up another 25-30 point, 8-12 assist, 2-3 turnover game, and they shut up.  They never give him credit thought.  It's cool.  That fuels him.
Grape35OKC::yea Russ haters are pretty quiet
Grape35OKC::Westbrook 30 points 9 assists  Thats mah boy!!!! :)
gabehere::when okc wants to win KD and russel have more than 30 points
FlyGuys623::or when the refs suck their shlong
SteelersHave6Rings::your matture...how old are you like 12?
IggyIsClutch::I doubt that grape
FlyGuys623::are you kiddin
Grape35OKC::dont blame the officials
oneandonlybabe::Just realized the full stats for KD/RW  Wow
potato623::Just look at the FTA's alone
Sonic_Sooner::KD shot six free throws down the stretch of OT, when the Sixers were trying to extend the game.  I"m SHOCKED at SixerFan complaining and whining so much about the refs in this game.  Young was allowed to set illegal screens at will.
oneandonlybabe::yea
FlyGuys623::just gonna say that haha
SPURZWARZ1.0::OKC OWNS spurs? Y'all can't even afford to sign your own star players! Small market Blues, which I predicted would happen last year! Besides Grapenutz, at least I didn't change my name &amp; hide like the bi tch you are!
Grape35OKC::we'll still be the spurs dude
Grape35OKC::not really
Lt. Frag::You are a coward Garapenutz
4 Petes Sake::Ahem.......KD, Russ, IBAKA?   Ever heard of a SALARY CAP??
SteelersHave6Rings::4 Petes Sake - Ahem.......KD, Russ, IBAKA? Ever heard of a SALARY CAP??
Lt. Frag::Ever heard of luxury tax?
4 Petes Sake::SPURZWARZ1.0Better than Heats' "frontdoor" sweep of Thunder!  Though I knew you'd say that............at least we went to the FINALS.
IggyIsClutch::Why is it that we get blown out by teams like Detroit but we can take OKC to overtime?
Grape35OKC::because okc played like butt
IggyIsClutch::Sure it wasn't
4 Petes Sake::That OKC still overcame.
Grape35OKC::no it wasnt that
IggyIsClutch::Or maybe it was the sixers defense that was ranked  number 1 going into this game..
4 Petes Sake::OKC plays like butt and still wins.
BoutonAndy::THUNDERup!!! See you boys at the bobcats board soon.
SPURZWARZ1.0::Hey Grapenutz, why you change your name? And why do you keep bringing up "butthurt?" Guilty conscience?
DCJohnsonHBG08::@ SPURZWARZ1.0, If you remember correctly the Thunder didn't get front door swept. We won game 1 and the heat won the next 4 so  technically they would have a backdoor sweep too.
4 Petes Sake::He didnt change it.   Fa.gbag Spurs fans like you flag him and get him deleted.
4 Petes Sake::Backdoor sweep maybe??
Grape35OKC::yea....but you're a spurs fan. And we owned you
SPURZWARZ1.0::Better than Heats' "frontdoor" sweep of Thunder!
Grape35OKC::spurs fans hate us :)
Erban Legend::Refs screwed the 76ers
SteelersHave6Rings::you're dumb...if it comes so close that the few missed calls can affect the game...you should be whining about the play
RDavison82::I'd rather not have a team in oklahoma than a team like the eagles that are a complete joke.
BigMike33086::NBA refs as a whole all tend to lean toward "star players" which is why the NBA is terrible anymore. I think the NBA would be better with replacement refs but I guess they'll get it pounded it their ear to give big names ghost calls aswell so i guess theres no hope unless u go get big name players so u can get 30-40 fts a game every single night even when not touched.
Grape35OKC::yea....and Andy Reid is a good coach
FlyGuys623::how is that nfl team from oklahoma doin
sportscrazy45029::sixers dissapoint me man..
sportscrazy45029::yeah i know man, but still
ddolph2822::We are Philadelphia. I am used to it by now.
Grape35OKC::OKC haters are just gonna have to stay off the board today :)
potato623::Frustrating end man...wright is awful, should of made that shot
