sportspotpourri::He may be a big #### and a crybaby, but Cousins can play the damn game when he wants to.
Atriol42::How high can you stack feces? As high as Demcarcus Cousins is tall, that's how high. Of course that moron is happy now- he knows he has more power than his coach. As soon as Smart does one thing crybaby Cousins doesn't like, the petulant and poor performing on the court moron will show right back up again.    I wonder how Keith Smart likes being asked to keep the lid on this cretinous band of jackals, without being able to actually enforce any rules.     Good luck, man..    Good luck.
UW_Huskies2013::IT! Proud to see a Dawg doing well! We could use you back at the Dub but keep it up in the NBA
NWptown::"We could use you back at the Dub" truer words have never been spoken
lockerseahawker::Isaiah Thomas 20 points BEAST
purple_pride_4_life::Jimmer is obviously worried about just fitting in with the team and he can't just come in here and launch all the 3s he wants to and expect them to be OK with that. Vets on the team want him to earn his shots and he can't do that until he gets more shots... it's a vicious cycle.
DaleHammers3::launching 3's is fine if you dont MISS
gocaliforniabears::Cousins = BEAST.   I've said it before...ATL needs to trade Josh Smith for Cousins ASAP if they want to be a contender.
MrBillyBates::beast against bargnani. lets not get carried away.
purple_pride_4_life::Yah... kings would do that. Why don't you just trade Smith for the big 3?
CosmoKramer1444::DMC is the real deal, if he has the right mind set he can be the 2nd best C in the league.
Bookiebreaker48::NBA IS SOO WHACK......WAS SOO LUCKY TO EVEN HIT THE UNDER...AT 191.......HOW IN THE WORLD DO U SCORE 23 PTS IN 1:04 MIN.......IF KLEIZER HIT THE LAST SHOT I WOULD HAVED BEEN STEAMING.......STUPID RAPTORS KEPT FOULING LIKE THEY HAVE A SHOT AT COMING BACK
CosmoKramer1444::I LIKE SCREAMING TOO!
Bookiebreaker48::DOWN BY 10 AND KEPT ON FOULING
DaleHammers3::i wanna know why in the HELL Garcia gets 17 minutes and Thompson only gets 7
RichieJJ88::Replace Garcia w/Hickson. That's the guy from whom Thompson should get more minutes.
DaleHammers3::lol whatever man other than his 0 tonight, Thompson puts up numbers with the minutes he gets and i refuse to lower myself to your level via insults, i prefer to act like the adult i am
HowardUGrad2010::because you are a stupid rddnckk and you dont know nothing about basketball. Peace my unintelligent brotha man.
UWHusk-E::good game Isaiah/
supe540::Hope Cousins rescinds his trade demands now that he's working with a coach who can actually coach.
DaleHammers3::lol hostility from someone i dont even know gotta love it
HowardUGrad2010::He'll stay only if this rddnck a-hole Dale Hammers wipe his annus w/ his tongue and lick his nuttzz!
CandySparker::I expect a man of DeMarcus.
EastSacTay::Jimmer looks lost right now and Isiah is a floor general.
mardielk::Haha, my favorite part is that people think his being a Mormon matters in basketball.
Marcumm::Mormon softie??a bigot and a jimmer hater. Ya I totally trust your unbiased opinion.lol.get the f#*k out!
chubby rain::I don't think he is a bigot, and i happen to agree, Jimmer is overrated because he is too short, can't play a lick of defense, and has terrible IQ for basketball, he is NOT NBA material.
HowardUGrad2010::Sparker, are you a female or male? gay or tranny? or are you the Laker Fan like some of these losers who are still unemployed and  live in L.A. to get welfare or food-stamp? Also, that bird icon of yours starting to annoy me, please change it to woman with a bikini. Thanks.  In regards to the King's roster, I think Isiah Thomas should start at PG instead of that overrated mormon softie, Jimmer. He has no game unlike Thomas and he cant play jack squat. With extended minutes and a lil toughness to the rim, Isiah Thomas can be better that the former great Isiah Thomas himself. I'm smelling the old Detroit Pistons. Yeah!!
JBurhenn253::A little premature on the new Isaiah being better than old Isaiah but I too think he should be starting and that he can have a great nba career
braineater000::Thomas finally has a good game and suddenly he's the new savior for the Kings?  King's fans sound pretty desperate for anything to get excited about.
risling73::Thomas is only playing because the kings best player is hurt. When Marcus Thorton gets back Thomas will go back to the bench.
JBurhenn253::which is an absolute shame.
DaleHammers3::Isaiah's hot every night, often the ONLY spark the Kings have well him and Thompson, who i have no idea why he doesnt get more minutes
JBurhenn253::Have you watched many kings games? This isn't Isaiah's first good game. I'm excited because he is finally getting some mins. This can be a regular thing if they play him.
mbeckurr::why was bargnani sitting out the entire 4th quarter? anyone know?
DaleHammers3::id bench anyone hucking the ball a bench player can do better than 2-13 nobody had a good night every night, maybe tonight wasnt his
mbeckurr::yea just dont know why their best player sitting on the bench...u would never see kobe sitting on the bench the entire 4th
supe540::Yeah, Bargini reminds me a lot of Kobe.
DaleHammers3::2-13 sorta flares in my mind for some reason
maloofgavn::great game here we go
polomontana::Jimmer also needs to shoot more. Thomas played two minutes less than Jimmer but took two more shots.
polomontana::I think Jimmer is scared of his teammates. Look at the body language. They're an all black team and he's the great white hope. I know Jimmer is uncomfortable.
Aaron14488::chubby rain I think you need to cut down on the potato chips.  You've obviously never played a lick of basketball.  Jimmer has a ways to go and going from college to NBA is a big transition.  But he will do just fine in the NBA once he gets comfortable.  thomas had a great game and I love him as a player.  Still think this team has a long ways to go before they're winning games on a cinsistent basis
supe540::I don't think it's color.  I think he's trying to deal with more athletic players than he's ever seen.
chubby rain::Or he's just not NBA material.
DaleHammers3::yup, and his shot just isnt there yet at the pro level it will come with time, but i think he basically just suffers from stage fright
DaleHammers3::from what ive seen hes more afraid of his own shooting, hes shooting terrible usually few really nice shots, but horrible in general
JBurhenn253::Keep giving Isaiah minutes, he will produce.
EGGY126::I really feel like it would be in Sacramento's best interest to give the ball to Cousin's early on. I noticed that by half time Evan's had hoisted up 16 shots while only making 5 while Cousin's had only taken 5 shots and were trailing but ended up with the win once Cousins started getting the ball. I feel like its especially important to get him the ball early because if he's hot early then it opens up a lot of options for the Kings because it will become much more easy for Evan's to penetrate as well as give guys like Jimmer more open looks. By getting Cousin's the ball first then slowly shifting the offense back to their backcourt then they can go into the fourth with all of their key guys in a good rhythm by getting Cousin's the ball often early on in the game.
Aaron14488::still the kings need to find the way to run their offense through him and I think that's what eggy was saying.  Right now there really is no offense.  Running it through hickson and cousins and developing an inside out game would be smart for the kings
DaleHammers3::problem is Cousins is foul prone more he has the ball, more he fouls often his foul's are bogus calls, but still...
bernotas22@yahoo.com::Kleiza is a true warrior
bernotas22@yahoo.com::Kleiza is going to be the starting SF very soon
bernotas22@yahoo.com::Linas Kleiza is the TRUTH
CosmoKramer1444::Linas, aren't you supposed to be resting from injury?
polomontana::Jimmer has no confidence. You can't play scared. What happened to the BYU confidence?
DaleHammers3::people only look at stats and think they know a game Jimmer is getting WIDE open shots and passing on them when he does take them,hes missing... big time hes had a few very nice shots, but in general his shooting is horrid in the NBA and he knows it
chubby rain::There's always the D-League.
Bankai_2069::amen. isiah owned i say start him over jimmer
NWptown::Isiah Thomas didn't seem to have any problem being the new guy. Watched the dude up here in seattle for three years. Hes short but sure as hell better than the Jimmer
JBurhenn253::nobody said to give up on jimmer. its just frustrating to see it night in and night out. jimmer gets way more mins and does the same amount as isaiah or less. the only reason isaiah doesnt see mins is because of his size and its a joke. if zeke was 6' 4 or 6'5 he would be starting on most nba teams.
chubby rain::NOPE, Jimmer is not NBA material, face it.
NWptown::I'd start Isaiah over Jimmer but that is just my biased opinion. You have to give your team the best oppertunity to win or else this could quickly be another lost King's season. Not saying IT will rescue the King's season, but worry about winning first. You risk losing your team if you're only worried about gaining experience.
Marcumm::wow people its been one game. Yes Thomas was awesome but lets not get ahead of ourselves. Keep spreading the minutes between both of them. If jimmer  had the same kinda night Isaiah had I would still say the same thing. To bench jimmer because IT had a great game is plain dumb. Both need experience as rookies and it's obvious that fredette is having to adjust more. Doesn't mean you give up on him.
JBurhenn253::My buddy is a writer Comcast sports net down here in Portland for the blazers and he says a lot of teams passed on him not only because of the size liability but also because they wanted guys they could just get rid of cuz of the lockout which is why some no name guys were picked ahead of him in the second round
JBurhenn253::Definitely man. That shot was incredible. I went nuts. Being from Tacoma I've been able to play with him and not only is he a beast on the court but he's a cool dude. Nice and down to earth guy
NWptown::true that, I thought he'd be a late first rounder or early 2nd rounder forsure. you saw that game winner he hit in the pac10 championship I'm sure. Was ****** beautiful, still cant get over it ahaha
JBurhenn253::I've been watching this kid since his sophomore year in high school. He finds a way to dominate and win at any level regardless of his size. I've been sayin he needs more mins since day one. All the teams that passed on him for whatever reason are feeling like fools now
Mikecito::It's hard to have confidence when you're the new guy and no one passes you the ball.  They seem to be slowly warming up to him, though, and starting should boost his confidence a little more.
JBurhenn253::That's an excuse. He's nervous cuz he's realized he's not playing in the mountain west anymore. This is the nba. Just like others have said, Isaiah is playin just fine in less minutes.
WarriorsGO::how can someone who touches the ball as much as cousins have 0 assists. not a good sign.
phr4Kture::Since when does being a big mean you need to have a finesse passing game?
DaleHammers3::actually hes a GREAT passer not his fault his team-mates shoot 30% and miss when he dishes them the ball
EGGY126::As long as their getting a near 20 20 from him then I don't think the Kings care at all.
77monkeyme::63 points in the 4th blows the under to ratshit . . . hmmmm-
wwsi pprofit::36 in last 3 minutes
wwsi pprofit::39 points in second qtr combined then 36 points last 3 mins of the game = fix
DaleHammers3::love how everyone always claims fixes who in the hell would fix a game between these 2 teams?
Btwixed::haha looks like you weren't and i'm not surprised, and im sure you "pushed" thats why you got on here b-itching right?
wwsi pprofit::i got proof i pushed idiot Rotation: 703/704 Sport: nba Pick:under Line: 189 Units:15
wwsi pprofit::just gotta be on the right side of fix and i pushed on that so i didnt lose lil boy
WarriorsGO::stop britching. dumbfk
Btwixed::if you're dumb enough to bet on an NBA regular season game then you deserve to lose your money
wwsi pprofit::u know im right you naive lil biotch
Btwixed::shut up
ignasm::Good game for the Raps. Some positive things can be taken from this game. Kleiza is back and looked really good for a guy after an injury. Everybody played pretty well. Only Bargnani had a bad shooting night : his first this season. And DeRozan needs to get his confidence back ASAP. Next game promises to be a good looking one
ignasm::thanx, you too.
socal2092::Best of luck in your season!
maximallyminimal::Wow. Over 188.5 hits. Unbelievable end to that game for people that bet on the total.
wwsi pprofit::fix
WarriorsGO::If u guys really believe games are fixed then you are stupid for even watching.
77monkeyme::no question about it
WarriorsGO::bi-tch
socal2092::Good game Toronto! Go Kings!
Aaron.Rob::Good game Raptors
wwsi pprofit::lmfao @ nba so fixedddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
Drunyce86::I thought TOR was winning?
64442787338::jose calderone is such a stud
dcoolboy15::i bet these $@%!$@ aint hittn their free throws
dcoolboy15::o ok
unitedfourlife::25 of 28 :)  so yea they are
dcoolboy15::dude this is not cool
danzimnikov::Can anyone answer me about Hickson? Why did he vanish?
dcoolboy15::ok why do they have 85 and we have 91 still
unitedfourlife::its finally nice to see a game where the kings can hit at the spot....they have been just awful!
ignasm::This was pretty bad end of game coaching by Casey.
enal2d::jimmer in to hit some free throws, this one is over though.
Joethemonkey101::Whatever gets his points count up...lol
Joethemonkey101::Can someone tell me why Jimmer hasn't played for a while?
JacobyJ4::lol Isaiah had a good game... but that doesn't take away from Jimmer... Jimmer's shooting percentage, assist per minute and Turnover ratio are all better than Isaiah's ... and the last two games Isaiah has played more than Jimmer has... He is playing well but can he be consistant??/ we'll see.. also we have yet to see Jimmer shoot well which he will no doubt.
JBurhenn253::my conclusions have been made on isaiah. ive been watching the kid for years. he should be starting over jimmer. isaiah flew under the radar most of his college career and wasnt ranked that high outta high school because of his size. this kid broke all the washington state scoring records at the state tourney and he averaged 32 plus pts a game in high school and at prep school. people look at the stature of a man too much. if you can play you can play. that simple
Marcumm::he didn't say it was a fluke. He's just saying give it time before we make conclusions on the two rooks
BLazEdTrailerz::So jimmer plays poorly the last couple games and he will get better no doubt. But bc Thomas had a bad couple games, this night was a fluke? Somebody is jockin jimmer's Jimmy a lil too hard.
blazeby02::also Sac wanted to win the game. good coaching. Ride your hot player.
blazeby02::he prolly had sex with his girlfriend.
Joethemonkey101::Jimmer has more points than Isiah. I'm not talking about now I mean the entire quarter this is the first time he's been in
unitedfourlife::jimmer is the tim tebow of the nba..
zootallday13::isiah is better
Az1atic187::isaiah thomas outplayed him tonight
themonster700::he doesn't belong in the nba thats why
socal2092::That's a fallacy!
unitedfourlife::he's playing right now haha
lanceross81::We need Jimmer and Isaiah to work their magic and stop the thug 1x1 street ball by the rest of the Kings
Marcumm::agreed
dcoolboy15::send jimmer to the d league for a while so he can get sum confidence
dcoolboy15::he just play like 5 games thats it
ignasm::LOL, I wouldn't be encouraged by being sent to the D-league
mescalinetrip::Cousins has been a beast since Westphal got canned.
unitedfourlife::i was thinking the same thing....ya he looks way more focused...
Az1atic187::good game on the third game of a back to back to back Toronto, we really needed this win, hopefully thomas will get more playing time
danzimnikov::Why isnt hickson playing to end the game?
blazeby02::Isaiah Thomas was the steal of the NBA draft. he is a true PT guard that can also score. his passing is SO underrated and work ethic is through the roof. True gym rat.
JBurhenn253::Isaiah has got dimes. If you don't agree watch his college highlights and that should convince you. If that doesn't work then take my word for it. I played pg in college and I would say I have pretty good court vision. Being from Tacoma as well I have played with zeke and I've seen him make some passes that astounded me. There was no way I thought some of those passes could be made.
socal2092::Start Thomas and have Jimmer be the 6th man!
Marcumm::Thornton will still start ahead of both once he's healthy.
blazeby02::Vucevic?! no way! the guys is averaging 6 points and 5 boards in 15 minutes. He is soft as a teddy bear.
blazeby02::At the very least he deserves to start in place of Jimmer for 1 game. See what happens.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::He's a steal a but not the best steal...I'd say Vucevic #1, Cole #2 Thomas #3
unitedfourlife::i agree, the more he plays the better he looks.... at least so far.
unitedfourlife::nice win sac!    thomas had a great game!  what a pass there at the end!
luketheduke224411::why was bargani not in down the stretch?
ignasm::no I think he'll play next game
luketheduke224411::real bad?
ignasm::strained calf
sweet.tyler::Why didnt Bargnani play at all in the 4th quarter?
themonster700::he strained his back-back-back calf. Not hurt, just tired
luketheduke224411::how bad?
themonster700::he is "hurt"
