The Lake Show Now Being Broadcasted on Comedy Central::lakers
The Lake Show Now Being Broadcasted on Comedy Central::.
jttomaiko::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. That is all.
jloutletdeals99::Will KB24 finally get a triple double ?
chukhustle::Lets go get it Lakers!
Le Brick Squad::Earl Clark &gt; Any Hornet / Pelicunt
Icurnvs29::Why because he scored two more points than A. Davis while being in the game 8 more minutes? Yeah your an idiot.
kjpargolf::The starters were all (-).  The bench won the game.
TML954::It's the Hornets at home lets not start planning the parade yet
B-Rye721::First time all season I'm excited to watch the Lakers, and it feels good!
joe coppel::1953*
Terry 1953::here is 25 cents call someone who cares
kobe24lakerfan4life::You care, which is why you responded in the first place.
eightbitme::25 cents?  Maybe in the 80's and early 90's   :-)
NuthinButSweat::So, tonight I see Kobe scoring 36 points off 12-18 with 9 dimes, two steals and perfect from the line. Clark will have a better night from the Defensive end but Jamison will boost us with 22pts.  Meeks won't see that much action until the 3rd but his energy will help quell the Suns attempt at a run.  Blake will start slow but then heat up when it counts-he'll have 16pts.  Pau will pass more than he shoots but his free throws will seal it for us.  Look for Metta to lock down Dudley and Gortat will get frustrated by #12 who will pour in a solid 20-12-4 (blocks).  Four straight.
Mesmartoday::Luv the new season so far!
NuthinButSweat::Let'em keep chirping...
rex_coach::Let's go Lake-Show!
rex_coach::Yes indeed!  Clowns hate when we are confident, while the hate they spew is ingnorance... :D
NuthinButSweat::WE GOT THIS
rex_coach::<b>the haters have finally left.  Whew!  Those clowns are exhausting</b>
HORNS-1-987::I'm running this S-hit!         ~Kobe Bryant~
HORNS-1-987::I'm running this S-hit!         ~Kobe Bryant~
L_hop::So when Kobe manages to get a few blocks in a game you Laker fans will start calling him Kobe Mutombo right?
NuthinButSweat::and we'll keep swatting you back down under whatever bridge your troll $@%! climbed out from beneath.
Tell me more troll::Kobe can get 10 blocks, 100 assists and 100 points and you'll still be here trolling right?
L_hop::Damn right, as long as these Kobe nut huggers are around to rile up.
jrosborough08::Earl Clark is a bigger version of Trevor Ariza.
NuthinButSweat::Yeah... bigger is the key.
flip.tide..::no, not really
lil_Stratboy::YAY, I have the last comment!
lil_Stratboy::Earl Clark is a tough cover with outside shot
1card2go::glad to see him getting minutes and being productive!  EARL CLARK LOUISVILLE CARDINALS! LOL
Le Brick Squad::Earl Clark &gt; Any Hornet / Pelicunt
epochme::ok, you can start the mj comparisons, bur only if the rapist keeps playing like this
TheLIKEHUNTER::The chump needs likes everyone.help him out please.
Matty Ice Ice Romo::c'mon now...you gotta have the LeBron/MJ &amp; Kobe/MJ comparisons. Not just Kobe comparisons...  Gotta have something for these Heat faggss to hold on to...
Marvo6564::heat fans win they win : yaaaay we are going to win the championship and  this season game is proof heat fans when they lose: regular season doesnt matter
lil_Stratboy::not me I just want them to have the best record because I want Spo to coach the All Star game
LeeFortier::But will always know in their hearts that they could do nothing at all until they brought someone on board who could change things...and it had to be a Laker...now say thank you Pat Riley and thank you Lakers
Matty Ice Ice Romo::hey....Heat fans are new to this whole winning thing....give them some kind of break... LoL
jrosborough08::Correct. If comparing them to the Lakers...they need about 14 more championships.
T_Macc81::So you are doing all this boasting for Heat fans? I get it...
giangir::Why is this win being pumped out so much?  All the Lakers did was beat the team with the worst record in the west by 5 points.  And they gave up 106 points at home, that is still awful defense which has been LA's main problem.  Lets wait until after the road trip to see if LA's is past its struggles.
1card2go::VERY BIG DEAL!   AND THATS MY FORMER  CARDINAL EARL CLARK!  LOUISVILLE BABY! LOL
jrosborough08::They defeated OKC  as well... is that a big deal or not???
mvp4him3::Luckily I am irish and can drink a lot
mvp4him3::Then after the road trip finishes and they are 27-25 then what?
mvp4him3::T_Macc81 - They are 2 games above .500. That doesnt seal you a playoff spot.  Damn that has to be the smartest thing ever said on these boards.
T_Macc81::They are 2 games above .500.  That doesnt seal you a playoff spot.
KingsStanleyCupChampions::6-1
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::I just can't see a 7-0 road trip, no matter how much I drink!
KingsStanleyCupChampions::the haters are funny.  When the Lakers were losing all those games last week, they were saying any win would be an upset.  Now its, "you only beat a 15-30 team by 5 points.   What did they beat the best team in the league by on Sunday?
KingsStanleyCupChampions::that is true.  That game gave them some spark.  They came from being down 2-0.  I expect big things from here on out.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::On a different note, the Kings really pulled out a nail biter against the Canucks the othe night. It's about time they scored a goal with less than a minute left instead of giving one up!
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::It's going to be a long uphill battle to make the playoffs, but if they do, anything can happen. This 7 game road trip will tell us more than the last 3 wins.
Marvo6564::lets just focus on the team guys ignore the haters....they silently are becoming more and more nervous each game now that this team has figured it out
Marvo6564::tell me why a 34 year old veteran can take a russell westbrook out of the game offensively?
Marvo6564::westbrook owns wade everytime they play
rex_coach::<b>Now all of a sudden Westbrook is a bum...  hahaha</b>
T_Macc81::Not taking anything from Westbrook.  If you can stay in front of him, you can guard him.  He is quick, explosive, and can score.  He is a great scoring PG if thats what you like.  Durant is the first option, then Westbrook, after him who do you go to?
T_Macc81::What does Russel Westbrook have to offer offensively.  He can score, but he doesnt do the things he is supposed to do as a PG to help his team.
Matty Ice Ice Romo::still pretty young and developing. Sure he plays reckless at times, but is still a major threat played against someone 11 years older than him, and still has a very promising future in the league.
Marvo6564::okc dont wana play lakers in the first round...dangerous team
1card2go::anything can happen thats wut people are scared of lol
Marvo6564::westbrick was shut down
Matty Ice Ice Romo::ok...1 regular season game doesn't justify 3 months from now when the playoffs start.   But keep believing yourself on that.....good luck....
Matty Ice Ice Romo::LoL...keep telling yourself that...
Marvo6564::"idc what anyone says about lebron...he never beat me in a relevant game" -dirk nowitzki
Marvo6564::without a doubt
Matty Ice Ice Romo::Tim Duncan would make a better statement case than Dirk would...
Marvo6564::lost championship failure on an epic scale
Matty Ice Ice Romo::2 games....but ultimately lost the series.
Marvo6564::15 games from now when the lakers are still winning and reality kicks in haters wont have much to say other than the fact that we dug ourselves a huge hole at the beginning of the season
T_Macc81::@mvp4him3 is claiming a finals victory.  Guess you dont qualify as a real Lakers fan.
mvp4him3::What a credible source you base that off of...
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::6) Always hope for the best.
jmbean86::The fact is: If LA plays to their full potential through out the remainder of the regular season, they will end up as a 6-8 seed in the playoffs...(Which receives mad props) But what then...
jcmaggi::Then....they have to do what they would have had to do any way, beat a couple of really good Western Conference teams. They just won't get a "freebie" first round.
rex_coach::<b>h these clowns are creative.  What is so scary, they believe everything that they write.  They help me understand the mindset of a random killer...</b>
jcmaggi::Oh they'll have plenty to say, but it won't matter because the Lakers will be in the post season.
T_Macc81::Im sticking to my guns.  No finals for Kobe.  Missing the playoffs will be a bonus.  I dont care how many you win.
mvp4him3::I hope you dont shoot yourself sticking to those errant guns
rex_coach::<b>Kobe Johnson</b>
Marvo6564::"romo is the worst qb in the league" -mark sanchez
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Butt fumble.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::How to identify a real Lakers fan.  1) Proud of their history, but know that that the Lakers are not living up to it this season. 2) Show up on the boards, win or lose. 3) Been a fan longer than than since their last championship. 4) Not afraid to critisize the Lakers, but will defend them against mindless trolls 5) Do not have "Kobe" , "24" or "Mamba" in their screen names.
mvp4him3::Do not fret I see the sarcasm!!
T_Macc81::And you know that because...? I can claim to be all of that.  Its a message board...
Matty Ice Ice Romo::an expert on differentiating Laker fans and bandwagoners?
Everyday Im Russellin::nothing wrong with number 5
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Dont turn off your sarcasim detector next time.
Marvo6564::"kobe cant pass" -kobe haters
Marvo6564::shows how great kobe can be going from leading scorer to point god double figure assists in 3 straight games expect that to continue along with the winning
Everyday Im Russellin::One game at a time, bit by bit; this is our time Lakers fan
Saints8365::Well Off to Lunch.........................
Everyday Im Russellin::enjoy
Marvo6564::if sundays team dominance against the okc wasnt proof of whats to come...okc just sucks
mvp4him3::lakers found a good method. Let Westbrick have wide open shots and let durant take his scrawny body to the hole to get his and play team basketball on the other end.
T_Macc81::Im not totally sold on the Thunder. I still think they took a step back trading harden, but this is not the playoffs. Its just ONE game.
T_Macc81::Thats one game.  Celtics outplayed the Heat without much of an offensive effort.
Matty Ice Ice Romo::Keep boasting about your little win streak Laker fans....gonna be epic watching this circus crumble at the end of the season!
Saints8365::Like the Falcons ? LOL
Tony91367::Matty Ice Ice Romo - btw, I'm not a Falcunt fan....ever heard of sarcasm?  Oh, and where did the Saints finish this year? Got Bountygate???    Yeah,, your  not a Falcon fan... Is that why you got your panties in a bunch..LOL
Matty Ice Ice Romo::btw, I'm not a Falcunt fan....ever heard of sarcasm?  Oh, and where did the Saints finish this year? Got Bountygate???
Matty Ice Ice Romo::yep
Saints8365::Always nice to poke fun at a Falcons fan.
Matty Ice Ice Romo::Got Bountygate?
jmbean86::Not if you're gonna pay to beat me up over it..
jmbean86::Haha, nice! Good job not being salty! Props
Saints8365::Nahh, they have already been beaten enough for one year.
Matty Ice Ice Romo::Laker fans already talking Championship after beating the Hornets = LoL! Good luck with that LA!!!
T_Macc81::mvp4him3   Look at the insider proud to be a part of something... get a life.  You guys take this ish serious.
jmbean86::Taking the stand against the insiders.. Bold move in 2002. Congrats. Tell us more about your watered down argument below!
mvp4him3::Huh?
jmbean86::I've yet to see a real Lakers fan boasting... Link comment if I'm incorrect.
mvp4him3::T_Macc81 - How the hell you know a real Lakers fan?  Must be new to ESPN huh?
T_Macc81::How the hell you know a real Lakers fan?
Saints8365::How is that Championship loss holding out?
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::I haven't seen one post indicating the Lakers will be champs. Smoking some of that crippler, are you?
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Just...... No!
T_Macc81::I've seen at least 2 post
Matty Ice Ice Romo::so you must be new to ESPN...
lipstax::Very strange statistical game for the Lakers...Dwight only 4 rebounds but 5 steals, Kobe continues to dish the ball with 11 assists, Earl Clark with 20 and 12, Pau coming off the bench with 7, 7, and 7. Then you look at the +/- and all of the starters appear to have performed well but their collective +/- is -34 while the bench is +49...just odd.
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Trolls are a funny breed. If Kobe scores 30, he's a ball hog and does not get his team mates involved. If he drops 14 dimes, he's lost it and can't score anymore.  So much hate, so little time....
Saints8365::Or they call him a "sidekick"
Saints8365::Laker fans are like, what is a Saints fan doing on our board ? LOL
rex_coach::<b>You aren't trolling.  So you are good... lol By the way, I sure hope you guys pull it together next year.  Kind of hard to hate a Saint... :)</b>
Saints8365::Yay !
Saints8365::Lakers. Be smart. Don't trade Pau !
imixmike::Wow after all these years in the league kobe NOW decides to be a team player!!!!!
jrosborough08::I don't think Kobe won 5 rings by himself. He's always been a team player!
rex_coach::<b>WOW</b>
Saints8365::Well he really didn't need to be one until now.
BizonRunner10::Wow the Lakers beat one of the worst teams in the NBA by 5 at home, everybody look out.
jrosborough08::They defeated OKC as well. And they already defeated New Orleans earlier by almost 20 points!!
rex_coach::<b>Very prodound statement you made there...</b>
T_Macc81::I know right... their rolling!!
jcmaggi::they're*
T_Macc81::On a good note, Im glad to see Kobe sharing the ball.  Laker games can be more interesting  now.
chocolate chip douglas::tough game in phx tonight, lakers havent played well on tthe 2nd game of back to backs. hopefully their energized by steve nash and his return visit.
jrosborough08::To the other remaining NBA teams. The Lakers have an understanding of their offense; they're putting effort on defense.... be afraid, be very afraid!!!!
rgthunder::Really Jrosborough? The Lakers are 5-15 on the road, and have a 7 game road trip coming up. Do you really think they're going to run the table? Wow
jrosborough08::A run of the table begin's with a winning streak. It already started.
T_Macc81::Still watching Sci-Fi...
jrosborough08::Oh yeah. Like Men in Black. The Purple and Gold eviscerate wannabe teams!
T_Macc81::Afraid? Im more of afraid of whats next of the Teo story.
jrosborough08::It'll sink in once they defeat your team!!!
Matty Ice Ice Romo::a win over the Hornets....and we're supposed to be afraid? LMFAO!!!!!!!
Matty Ice Ice Romo::LoL...um ok!
jrosborough08::Remember this moment, after the Lakers go on a 12 game winning streak!!
jcmaggi::That hasn't been news though. The Lakers have known from day 1 they would need to work on their D.
jcmaggi::That's a bad argument. You have Dwight Howard multiple DPOY, MWP also former DPOY, Kobe who's been on all NBA defense teams virtually his entire career, and Pau Gasol who's a two time NBA champ, so the "knowledge on how to play defense and how important defense is" is there. There just hasn't been the desire to play it. That's inexcusable.
jrosborough08::Defense is just effort.  Would you put out the effort without knowing how to score???  I wouldn't either!
Corvo Attano::lmao good one
T_Macc81::Are Laker fans really considering this as a turn around?
jcmaggi::a step in the right direction. A turn around would be winning 7 more games in a row (or 6-1)
T_Macc81::A step in the right direction would be controlling their egos. A self-check...
rgthunder::Nothing to sniff at really - and not surprised by the coverage - still 5 games under .500 with a huge 7 game road trip ahead of them, in which they've been terrible...and let's face it, Nash is going to get hurt again, it's just a matter of time.
