darwin_was_adopted::so v- ag and not R - eta*ed goes through?
darwin_was_adopted::M - ods V - ag P - ubes
darwin_was_adopted::T - he R - ancid O - nes L - ook L - AME
darwin_was_adopted::T - he R - etarded O - nes L - ook L - AME
BuckeyeSwag101::I think it's safe to say that the Bobcats are bagging the season.
MyTeamHasHadMoreAllAmericansThanYours::"88BlueBlood08 - You mean separate from Nike completely? I dont know, he has not been that successful outside of basketball on his own. Bobcats are a dumpster fire."  ^this^
tarrheel37::so did people actually pay to attend this game or???
Korey Buckets::Two of the leagues worse teams somebody had to lose what a horrible game. Mike should suit up for the Bobcats that might be interesting. lol They are terrible!!!! MKG is a bust I thought he was going to be at least scoring 14 ppg this year with that roster.
mastermind5869::bobcats have been outrebounded 122-55 over the last two games. are they afraid of the basketball? is this the worst rebounding margin in back to back games ever?
I Love Seattle Sports::Nice win Kings I mean nice win Sonics
made4malice::What possessed Josh McRoberts to take 5 threes?
Surreal1977::Anybody else find it ironic that the greatest player in NBA history owns what could quite possibly be the worst franchise in history?
NBA_Is_Useless::A win for New Seattle.
- Michael Scott -::<a> booo</a>
Im Not Impressed::Wow. Pathetic.
Eric Forman.::Just stopped in to say hi. Glad the Kings won but it stinks to be on the other end of these (the Kings know). Glad Cole Aldrich finally suited up.
Hank10593::Got blown out by the Kings has to be in Jordan's biography if he decides to publish one.
STEVE6163656::NBA Finals preview
Dying_Burrito::Michael Jordon needs to quit
posse_up::josh mcroberts 3-12???....great trade bobcats...
FightingSquirrels09::Used to live in Charlotte and very few people care about the Bobcat games. I worked at a university in the area and the school couldn't even sell tickets for $10.  They practiced in our gym during the DNC, (you would think every student would have been excited), but the students were upset they couldn't lift and play pick up basketball! I hate to say it, but the fullest I've ever seen the Bobcats arena was for a graduation and a WWE event.
UMagnetic::This should be Hansen/Ballmer's next target.
tris10blount::I also saw it full when Van Halen came to town
ducesarewild93::I feel bad for Charlotte fans. This team is embarrassing...
steve65624::11 pts combined in the last 4 min?!?!? game is rigged!!!
JLinNASA::Good game, Sac.  Best of luck to you, 2Pat, toney Dougls, and Cole Aldrich.   -Rox fan
jamel534::I remember when the Bobcats were 7-5, and the team had me believing that they turned the corner. SMH
nurein::My whole world is upside down the queens won a game!!!!!!!!!!
AustinBeal::As a Spurs fan, I'd like to apologize for the Spurs crushing the Kings 2 days ago. This obviously angered the Kings and they took out their anger on the Bobcats. I apologize.
UMagnetic::Good regular season as usual for the Spurs, but not enough fire power to make it happen in the playoffs.  Time to dismantle and rebuild.
TheJTram::And yall thought I was kidding when I'd get rid of Jason Maxiell for Chuck Hayes. See now even though Hayes is undersized and horrible at FT%, he actually plays D, hustles, and grabs a lot of offensive boards for someone his size (3.0 offensive boards per game as a Rocket in 10-11')
Brickyyy Rubio::michael jordan said you don't tank im trading you
Brickyyy Rubio::bobcats are def tanking.
Brickyyy Rubio::43pts. LOL
HOLLOW51386::remember when the bobcats were 7-5?lol
HOLLOW51386::6-41 every since
arrogantespncommenter9::When exactly do teams start tanking?
Talentsojhin::bout two weeks ago you could see a drop in effort in the Bobcats and it was obvious.
getem474::Will Portland beat the bobcats by 12.5 tommorrow....yes...no?
tris10blount::is it in Portland? then no. It will be greater. by a lot!
AGirlThatLovesSports_::mhmm. :(
Brewcrewtilldeath20::I bet there's European teams that could beat the Bobcats
earlealston::Where the ef.ff was this team at the BEGINNING of the season?!  -Kings Fans
rush717::It's tough, when reality sets in......
dc_dupree::you just played the worst team in the NBA...
Ashley Foxx::Congrats sac, you even suck at tanking.
big1366::43 points in one quarter? I have had enough of this $@%!$@% !$@%!$@% crap they come out with every night. They are better than this. This piece of !$@% Dunlap has to go.
sponsoredbytwinkie::in a 36 point blowout, Fredette has a 0 in the plus/minus.. Free Jimmer hahahahaha
Markiemormon::What happened to Jimmers gay boys here?
oneandonlybush1::ah yes, the Keith Smart method to evaluating talent: use only one stat from one single game to decide a players worth.
Markiemormon::He hasn't been worth a damn for the two years he's been here... he should be selling cars in Genola, Ut.  But would probably fail at that too...
sponsoredbytwinkie::why would Keith Smart use stats?
sklater::You seem to want him to fail.
sponsoredbytwinkie::it's not that.. I'm just a realist about his abilities.. and shortcomings
CaliforniaCougar65::he was just firing away. He will take more shots if he knows it wont effect the game
CaliforniaCougar65::it was already a blowout when he got some real minutes.
sponsoredbytwinkie::Oh Geez! always the excuses.. so he was 3-9 in a garbage minutes? that's even worse
Juwanna_Man19::When I feel bad about being a Kings fan, I just check on the Bobcats and it makes me feel better.
Chargersfan4life005::+29 on the glass? Wow
Naminus_James119885::Have you drafted yet:  http://tinyurl.com/nba-free-challenge5
Google Armchair All Stars Book It and Win::all I do is win
TheOx905::LAL or ATL?
jnwolters18::worst team in the west beats the worst team in the East by 37!!!!!!!!!! Truly shows the superiority of the Western Conference.
Chargersfan4life005::MKG is a great defender and high motor, his biggest weakness is the jump shot but he'll improve there
big1366::his biggest weakness is Dunlap
Chargersfan4life005::John Salmons had 19pts in the 3rd, Bobcats had 19 in the 3rd. Salmons is on fire right now
unitedfourlife::he needs to cut those face pubes off.
Chargersfan4life005::same here lol, he's locked in right now
unitedfourlife::haha I hope that doesnt happen until the end of the season.
Chargersfan4life005::once he cools off
Barrk_40::Hi BYU fans,  Jimmer sucks.
UMagnetic::I agree, maybe the Bobcats can use him.
06dave17::What's a Jimmer?
Markiemormon::Pure hype...
unitedfourlife::go back to the circus carnie....
MuayThai20::Who would win in a 7 game series, the Bobcats or the best college basketball team?
Jon zags::I think last year's Kentucky could give them a run.
joest2003::Jimmer.....Enough said
06dave17::Bobcats by a mile.
Chargersfan4life005::bobcats in 4
AGirlThatLovesSports_::This is stressful.
Google Armchair All Stars Book It and Win::Miss Kennay??
MetsxNLxChampsx2013::why did the slobcats draft bimbo? the dream also had limited iq but this guy has small and hands and no offensive skill... what was so tantalzing that they couldnt resist?
joest2003::EXACTLY we picked him before Kemba and a year before we even passed on Drummond. and there both outplaying him by a mile
Barrk_40::Hakeem has made over 100 million in real estate since he retired, I wouldn't say he had limited IQ.
steelersbobcatsredsox::he is still under 20
steelersbobcatsredsox::they were in 2 seperate draft classes and biyombo has only been playing basketball for 6 years
joest2003::Drummonds 19 with WAY less experience and look at his stats
