Jai22T::Top 20 players EVER 1)MJ,2)Magic,3)Kareem,4)Wilt,5)Russell,6)Bird,7)Kobe,8)TimmyD,9)The Dream,10)BigO,11)Moses,12)Shaq,13)Stockton,14)KG,15)Mailman,16)Barkley,17)Isiah,18)Ewing,19)DRodinson,20)Drexler
great_chandels::The Rockets have a better chance of hitting the state lottery than making the playoffs............................
Reality_And_Truth::Ty Lawson is a Star...he just does not get the national media credit that he deserves......Denver can be very dangerous in the playoffs....
Ericwrightnum23::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
Gstoll1977::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
Heiroglyphic::I'll take anything in the first round but a matchup w/ OKC. They're too scary-basically they have our depth in addition to 2 superstars.
thenbatmm::jason terry misses game tying layup!! dirk was wide open!!!!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUOE6XQmUsU
Reality_And_Truth::Lakers were very lucky.....they seem to play better and more as a team without Kobe Bryant on the floor.......
jayeteee::Great win, but it means nothing if we don't win the next one w/ these guys. Go Nuggets!!!!!!!
jyetter247::http://www.yetterisland.blogspot.com  Interesting stuff, pretty funny. 5 ways to improve baseball, why leBron is a loser, and more
AJGRIEGO22::ur jealous of my swag wtf is thta kid g@y or something who says that only queerss and ghetto ppl
cutnshoot1985::Morey your team sucks.  OHHH if it ain't broke don't fix it?  Rockets are looking at missing playoffs 3rd year straight.  And you want to know why Houston has miserable fans?
georger lives::Right?  We might as well tank rather dealing with this bandaid bull $@% $@%!
ChodeFlow_ChuloFag_R_undercoverNuggetsFags::we So g@y we had to make like Knicks fans ;)
ChodeFlow_ChuloFag_R_undercoverNuggetsFags::Let me in your secret BORED!!!
dodgerblue2224::does anyone know if they gave earl an ovation when he came in?
maynard2k::Earl got some cheers but Marcus had a lot more cheers when he was introduced.  I stood and clapped for Earl but I was surprised more people didn't
jayeteee::Denver loved Earl Boykins.
Masai Ujiri::they did.
Nuggets_Gallo::Gallo &gt; Rockets roster
Nuggets_Gallo::Nuggets 2012 champs baby!!
yorklinks1::buy the lephone, only vibrates no ring haha LECHOKE see pic of the phone here http://bustasports.com/?page_id=169
FlawlessVictoryKid20.0::Holy shit...the Nuggets with no superstar has a better record than Melo's Knicks...LMFAO!!!!!
Reality_And_Truth::Melo was a cancer....
Chulofag::Theyre jelly the don't still have Melo LOL
AJGRIEGO22::lin who knicks who
Nikola Pekovics Awesome Tattoo::Looks like Denver decided to bring their A-game. Good luck in the playoffs Nuggs.  -Wolves fans
Chodeflow.::LOL hey bro Nuggets and wolvs suck neither have #SWAG
AJGRIEGO22::when did swag win nba games do the spurs have swag
Chodeflow.::LOL nobody on Denver can score over 30 LMAO #SWAG
Chodeflow.::LOL LMAO you both are jealous of my #SWAG
AJGRIEGO22::are u 2 gay or just broke
Chulofag::Looking fly bro
SouthStander132::Five players in double figures works better for us.   Now run along and spoon with Melo.
Eatin Turnips::Go and crawl back up Melo's $@% on the Knick board Chodeflow.
Druski22::I am done taking Hou. I thought +4 tonight was enough. They got so outplayed in the 2nd half. I am done with these guys.
Give me some yogurt please::Denver and Houston are really the same team.  No 'SUPERSTAR'.  Young.  Play hard.  Streaky.  They'll both come around as they grow and develop.  Gotta admit, they are both fun teams to watch.  Except Scola needs to stop that flopping crap - OMG...
Druski22::Not much. I thought coming off of two bad losses they would come back strong tonight. Den kicked thier $@%!$ in the 2nd half. The 3rd quarter was terrible.
georger lives::How much did you lose?  BTW they are young, they are gonna be streaky and they are always a dangerous pick.  They are my team, and I'm disappointed in what seemed gutless second half but I'll support them as a fan, I would NOT be betting money, that's a whole 'nother game.
Chulofag::I bet you Nuggets fans wish you could have a guy that scores 42pts! LOL good luck in the lotto LMAO
Give me some yogurt please::Funny - talking smack on the Knicks board too?  You lonely tonight???
Give me some yogurt please::And the Knicks lost.  Again.
Chulofag::Got da Ladiez all over me bro come at me LMAO Melo dropped 40
thenbatmm::jason terry misses game tying layup! unbelievable!!!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUOE6XQmUsU
gary wheatley::I think Dallas has the tougher schedule dont you Denver.  I know, the Nuggs have to just worry about themselves but
thenbatmm::jason terry misses game tying layup! unbelievable!!!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUOE6XQmUsU
segunm1::yep, we just have to worry about our opponents
gary wheatley::ok one more time with esp from yall  here is Houstons remaining games : denver, @dallas,@ New Orleans, GS, @miami and finish up with New Orleans.....  Now Dallas schedule&gt;&gt;&gt; @ utah, Houston, GS, @ Chicago and then finish @ Atlanta.   so yall  think denver can hang on to 7th place or even pass Dallas for 6th?  they only trail dallas after tonight by 1/2 game
DenverDiehard35::they CAN get the 6th, depends if they play like they want it or not
broncsroxnuggs::The rockets are weak.That flopping garbage doesnt work come winning time
georger lives::$@%! both of you but yeah, they were gutless tonight, can't always live by the three, we need a big man that can score.  Oh, and $@%! you again.
gary wheatley::they sure do know how to flop dont they broncs
Nashmaster3000::Go Suns!!!!
ryroll::What the hell Rockets? Not the time to go on a cold streak!
thanbai206::what a rigged under
Coloradosports145::Nuggets won... now thats a shock GOOD JOB GUYS
gary wheatley::I mean every team has floppers, BUT I thin Houston and San Antonio is the WORST. the spurrs are really bad at flopping,and Ginobely it absolutly the worst. course Tony Parker is turning int a good flopper also.  those 2 clubs are the most pothetic when comes to flopping
maynard2k::Gary GInobilis flopping is easily to me the single worst thing in the NBA.  The NBA is slowly turning into a basketball/soccer hybrid because of that man.  Watching that live the 2 years the Nuggets played the Spurs still haunts me to this day.
Manimal 35::I think the Rockets practice consists of whining at refs and watching european soccer and taking acting classes
luvlakers8585::what happened to camby????
gary wheatley::only reason I can think of why Brooks may not rest he starters is that OKC and Spurs are neck and neck for home court.  If it comes down to that game that OKC needs it go get home court or needs it to tie spurrs at that perticular time, then he probably wont rest them.  But if he has home court sewn up by then he might just rest them.
colintrapp::good insight
kcowling20::SUCK IT FLOPPERS
gary wheatley::Manimal, they were flopping ALL night long.  some of the flops they did was unbelievable
colintrapp::dallas is the only texas team i have even the slightest amount of respect for.  (in regards to flopping)
Manimal 35::doesnt surprise me, thats what they do
gary wheatley::it was funny tonight that the announcer for the nuggs (Hastings) while watching the game said that Houston was # 1 in the league at flopping,lol.  and Kevin Martin and Scolla leads that team lol
gary wheatley::he was hurt Colin
ryroll::he's been out for at least a month now
colintrapp::oh ok, do you know his status?
gary wheatley::ok yall, I need all your insight or crysal balls.  denver has 6 games left.  tomorrow at Houston, clipps here, @Phoenix, Orlando here,  @OKC and finish up @ Minnisota.  what yall think will happen?  will the nuggs win enough to get in?
Manimal 35::lose 1 to okc, thats it
colintrapp::i like gary's comment earlier about maybe scott brooks resting his starters.
colintrapp::why didn't kevin martin play?
Manimal 35::Houston has more flops than Faried has rebounds per game, that is just crazy
Manimal 35::couldnt watch the game, how many times did houston flop?
colintrapp::let's put it this way, ginobli blushed
Manimal 35::ha nice
11madness::is there any love in denver for k faried?
98broncos77::faried ia awesome
11madness::saw him play a good handful of his college games.......plays full tilt, no whining, smile on his face.......always seemed like a good kid.
Slurm Soda::Yeah they are naming a town after him
11madness::just askin a sincere question......
colintrapp::11madness - what town?  Houston?  heyoooooooo!
11madness::what town?  Houston?
gary wheatley::I have a gut feeling that thru the off season, they are going to keep McGee and really work with him and then sign him and let Mozzy go. to me McGee has so much potential . not too many centers around with that wing spand and how could he learn anthing when playing for the Wizzards.  to me the 4 yrs he was with them he didnt learn anything.   but I do think Mozzys days here could be numbered.
DenverDiehard35::i agree with all the above, i hope we keep him hes always been a favorite of mine
RockyMountainWay1::But it'll be a challenge to win the next one...I'm just glad they won this
jayschwartz18::why did camby only play like 8 minutes?
jayschwartz18::what happened
maynard2k::strained back
GerardoE303::hurt
Rashard Quovon Lewis The Three point wizard::how do u write $@%! without it scrambling?
colintrapp::? just type it. cock
colintrapp::dick balls shit
RockyMountainWay1::Watching those 3rd quarter highlights made me smile i've never seen them play that good in the 3rd for a long time
segunm1::i added u as a friend, slurm
GerardoE303::i have him as a friend too he is my homeboy
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::FREE MOZ.
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::jk
