Devin Baranick::If the Wolves lose this game I'm going to stop watching for the rest of the season. They have brought to much unnecessary stress and disappointment into my life lol
Ken Hatfield::They need to fire  adelman up by 30 and still won't play  Muhammad
Devin Baranick::I guess I'm stuck with them! lol
Ken Hatfield::Good game but adelman is not a good coach. Does not like to play rookies, so how are they going to get better without some minutes
Kyle Lang::Either hope the Jazz start winning consistently to make a late playoff run or..... Suffer team setbacks that would put the Jazz back down to the bottom 3 for a potential high draft pick.  One way or another, I hope for the mediocrity to be over with.
Ken Hatfield::This is a joke. Wolves up over 30 and bad coach will not put the 4th overall pick in the game. FIRE TIMBERWOLVES COACH
Jared Keen::14th* And he has now for the final 6 atleast. Hope he can get some buckets for some confidence though.
Luke Skare::Ah, the good old T-Wolves, either blow someone out or lose a heartbreaking game by 3.
Alec Gonzalez::The jazz might be the worst team of all time LMFAO 23 points hahaha
Jesse Hiatt::Not even close lol This game won't even set any NBA bad records... not the lowest scoring game, not the lowest scoring half, not the lowest scoring quarter, not the biggest loss deficit... how can they be the worst team of all time when they're not breaking any of those records? Also if the Jazz are the worst of all time, how come they have an all time record of 68-32 (68-33 after tonight) against the Timberwolves?
Jared Keen::Dieng looks strong, needs to keep his fouls under control but really should be good. Shabazz needs to get court time with Rubio though, Schved is more SG than PG (like Barea) or at the very least AJ Price. So many of his shots were heavily contested, but he did show strength in getting the the hoop, which will be useful to draw fouls etc. Just without Rubio the offense is so stagnant, not enough passes and half of them want to take the shot rather then get the team points.
Alex Webb::Granted, the Jazz are without their best player, but for all the Jazz "fans" who are worried they're going to play themselves out of a top 5 pick, I give you tonight.
Jesse Hiatt::The Jazz have no "best" player really... Hayward is far from the best player the Jazz have, as a matter of fact when we try to use him as the #1 guy he tends to play very poorly, he didn't start playing well till Burke, Burks, and Favors started taking the reigns. Hayward could prove to be an important part of the Jazz team, but he's not our best player... Burke is probably the best player, since the Jazz were 1-14 without Burke, and they've went 13-14 since his return.
Jesse Hiatt::Well the Jazz usually beat the T-Wolves, but the Jazz need to lose to drop back down to the bottom 3... so don't screw things up T-Wolves lol
Rodney Sargent::I'm not @ the game but the twolves n jazz should give the customers back their money for this putrid showing thus far
Wayne Seidel::these same two teams meet again on tuesday.. i have two questions,, who will be favored and who will win?
Jesse Hiatt::Well since it's a Jazz home game, the Jazz are favored to win. And since the Jazz's pride has been wounded, they will probably win.
Andy Baugh::Dude.. How in the world do the twolves only have 4 wins than the jazz? And they still get gassed up by ESPN all the time.
George Jimas::espn is dying for the wolves to do well. someone has a hard on for the wolves over there.
Paul Snurpus::Utah still scored 4 more points in the half than Houston did in the second half a couple of days ago...
Francis Gagné::Nice ! Jazz are ice cold. We need this for our draft position. Bottom 4 will be perfect
Andy Baugh::The jazz player that is the best is Gordon Hayward! Not Trey Burk
Jared Keen::Get JJ out of there, put in Shabazz now with Rubio running point.
Rodney Sargent::Jazz tonight r TURRIBLE this looks like a 84-63 final
Jared Keen::Rodney Sargent true that, Shabazz better get atleast 5mins though.
Tony Hartmann::The Jekyll and Hyde season continues for the Wolves.
Jacob Lingen::C'mon wolves, u r better than what you have been playin
Juan Ponce::Jazz are so hot and cold is frustrating as heck to watch.
Nikola Peckovic>Chuck Norris::thank god we didnt keep trey burke
Jesse Hiatt::I know, Rubio's 9 ppg and 8 apg on 34.6% shooting is way better then Burke's 14 ppg and 6 apg on 39.4% shooting. I mean it's not like Burke's production has increased to 16 ppg and 8 apg on 41.1% shooting over the last 5 games while Rubio's has decreased to 6 ppg and 6 apg on 33.3% shooting over his last 5 games or anything like that either lol clearly nobody would choose Burke over Rubio.
Steven C Niska::Jesse Hiatt: Small sample sizes. And too early in Burke's career. A guy named Jonny Flynn was putting up similar numbers on a losing team a few years back...
Travis Sebastian Kirkman::Need to Bounce Back!!! Lets Go Wolves!!!
Jeff Talbot::NBA record is 49 pts by the 1999 Bulls
