Patrick MacKinnon::I think with Rose out Chicago has a better chance at winning.
Trevor Hennington::Nobody on the Bulls knows how to hit an open jumper so Id say that's still not a guarantee.
Jacob Hill::Trevor Hennington what was that?
Tony Sanchez::Rose aka Mr Fragile is injured again. Bulls are better without him.
Vin Turner::Moron.
Tony Sanchez::How many different injuries in the last two years?
Paul Steeno::2011-2012 when rose played the entire year bulls were got the #1 seed in the Eastern Conference.  2012-2013. No rose...5th seed.   Look at the facts before you say something that stupid.
Shawn Bento::Rose misses game, Bulls winning big  Coincidence?  I think not.
Kyle Raymer::They have won their last 2 games big.  Now you people are just searching for ways to go after rose.
Clint Czar Jefferson::Kyle Raymer Yep..
Clint Czar Jefferson::The Bulls are winning BIG against the Raptors and not a good team like Miami or Indiana.
Fabian Garza::Trade Rose while he still has some sort of value.
George J Banks::go away troll
Clint Czar Jefferson::Only if you decide not to wear that shirt in public again.
Michael Huang::What's wrong with you?  That's like telling Miami to trade Lebron or OKC to trade Durant.
George Jimas::bulls actually play like a team without rose in, it's nice to watch.
Kyle Raymer::what was wrong with the last 2 games???
Denniz Rodman::yes, they played like a team without Rose because they played the whole 82 game season last year until 2nd round of playoffs without Rose. that's what we call out-of-sync. Its easy to understand, isn't it? unless you're just finding a way to down grade a player and express your hate on someone who doesn't even bother about it.
Jody George Prats::I'm shocked Rose isn't playing. He's the NBA's Iron Man.  smh
Clint Czar Jefferson::You need to work on your jokes.
Carmen Sand Iiego::If you're lucky he might be the next Grant Hill.
Michael John::Mike Dun-leave-me-open woke up last game against the Cavs, Bulls will out work and out rebound this Toronto team that I see getting the 8 spot in the East. That being said Bulls take care of business  Bulls- 98 Raptors- 87
Paul Steeno::Boozer most deserves to make the All Star game out of all the Bulls players based on his play thus far this season.
Taylor Manes::I see a lot of trolls as usual...hmm....
Raffi Chaglassian::The success this team has playing Thib-ball without Rose, at least at the moment, is evidently greater than with his presence.  This is a very troubling sign for "Team Rose."  As a Bulls fan, I would be remiss not knowing what his market value on the trade market may be.
Markallen Garcia::As a Bulls fan, I gotta say that Rose needs to mature and evolve his game from attacker to facilitator. He thinks he can just pick up where he left off when he was MVP material, but it won't work anymore.
Robert Lossmann::Rose is still messed up in the head about his knee, he'll never b the same player
Chad Wiggins::play some ffffffn deeeee u lazy bums.... toronto rubbing off on the players
Will Bernanke::8 points in 12 minutes for Raptors,  fans should just walk out,  you can see this in a divsion 3 game
Eric Fitzgerald::Craptors could lose to Prairie View A&M shooting like this...
Clint Czar Jefferson::On the bright side DeRozen is having a helluva game for the Raptors.
Michael John::We can ALL agree on one thing...ALL detroit teams suck!
Kyle David Snyder::Lions swept the Bears what are you smoking retard..
Rocky Rosado::boozer about to get a triple double on these raps
John Martin::Bulls win big without Rose on the road.  Hmmm.
Joey White::Derrick Rose = Brandon Roy
Rodney Fanchon Parker::kyle raymer your the man bro! joe glass get your head outta your $%@ derrick has been gone for 16 months bro of course he is going to shoot 30% and of course  he is only 34th in the league in assist! how many sports players do yu know that has had derriclks injury and camr back right away and contributed the same way they have before???? and please save me the adrian peterson did it crap please
Lorraine Nolasname::lol
Lorraine Nolasname::Joe Glass  thanx for the compliment lol but u have zero chances of gettin with me dude : P
Lorraine Nolasname::So? Is that supposed to make me like u or something? Lol
Alex Mitchell::yo, give my game recap a read if yo want http://mitchymitchy4.blogspot.com.au/2013/11/game-report-bulls-raptors.html
Jack Dolley::So what are Bulls fans take on Rose missing another game as well as the fact they are playing so well today without him? I'm not trolling, really would like some opinions from Bulls fans that don't completely idolize Rose...
John Martin::Another solid win for the Bulls without Rose. There is no i in team and apparently no r-o-s-e in Bulls.
John Sweeney::only b. roy wasn't so loud and obnoxious...derek rose is loved by so many.....why. im glad he is not on my team
Jay Zee::How is he loud and obnoxious?  I agree he may end up being Penny Hardaway 2.0 yada yada but saying he is loud and obnoxious without proof of that, smh!  Did you not see 2012 All-Star Game while the other stars danced around during pregame introductions Rose just waved his hand to the crowd calmly?  Yeah I tell ya he is so obnoxious smh.
