bengasman44::Can not compare Jordan and James.  James has sooooooooooooooooo much to do before we can speak about him with Jordan
bengasman44::Clippers have a nice squad.  Good bench players, too.
bertobalaisfan::boohoo
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::It's Ok Lebron, MJ used to choke all the time too..........
minny snowta::he did not, however, he achieved so much more than baby bron bron ever will.
tigertingtang::who won the game?
RI8810::Man Clip tanked the Heat so easy it was fun to way the ally oop war.
RAWKET::KOBE is closer to being in MJ's league than Lebrick will ever be
Aicyla22::who cares? the comparing game is pointless MJ is MJ, Kobe is Kobe, and Lebron is Lebron.
laxfiles::wow, theres still conversation goin on.
minny snowta::you dont want someone that plays all positions to build a team, magic was good but jordan was a better player.  magic would even agree with this idea.  jordan is not only the best 2/3 guy to ever play the game, he is the best ever overall.  jordan is in great company with magic, bird, barkley, kobe, wilt, durant and even lebron but he is/was the most dominant force to ever play the game.  and he unarguably carried his team for his career.
illestprospect::Lol there was earlier today because people still don't believe Jordan is considered the greatest ever for a reason. But I think it's all dead now.
b0xhead69::Hmmmm, I think I would take Magic over anybody to build a team around.  Why, Magic as a 19 year old rookie started as center in game six of the NBA Finals.  He scored 42 and played all five positions.  And he only got better.
bop35045::LeBron will never be the next Michael Jordan. He is not even in the same league. While Jordan put the team on his back to win championships, Lebron needs other superstars to help him win championships. LeBron is entirely overated, so while we are all living are wothless lives, he will be still wondering why he can't win an NBA championship.
joah5454::LOL LeBron James chokes two straight games...
NICOYEE30::i wonder how much WORSE lebron will do in the playoffs once he's starts getting older and knees and ankles and back start aggravating him. he already chokes with his perfectly fast, athletic and strong body. it'll be a sad day to witness him perform when he's older and its all mental..meanwhile, i expect kobe to average 31.0 ppg along with possible historic scoring stretches this season. people don't realize how insane kobe is about his craft. he's actually STILL getting better and better as he's getting older. thats all i have to say, I'm done
Aicyla22::maybe he'll play better bc he'll be forced to play smarter
sokal-surf::There's a report out of Dallas that Jerry Jones and the Cowboys are interested in recruiting LeBron James as a potential fullback for the team.  Jones was quoted as recently saying "After watching LeBron the last few years carry the ball into the lane and run roughshod over other players -- and I thought they called fouls in basketball for that kinda stuff -- he can really force himself into any situation and protect the ball well under his arms.  We want that kind of dominance on your team."  The Cowboy's front office has yet to comment.
Killum_n_Naughty::O.K. that was funny and original, lol.........but i think LeBron will have the last laugh.
Killum_n_Naughty::Heat's two game skid could've easily been wins. I still like our title chances.They just have to execute when it matters most. As the season progresses they'll figure it out.
fergy12314::Ok... 9-17 FT?!  Cmon Lebron you gotta step it up in the 4h quarter and OT.   He has been anti-clutch this whole season.  If he just knocked down the FT he was supposed to the Heat would have won
RAWKET::whole season try whole career
sokal-surf::What's the difference between Tim Duncan, Jordan, Isiah Thomas, Magic Johnson, or Larry Bird crying after a game and when Chris Bosh does it?  I don't remember everyone making fun of those other guys...
Killum_n_Naughty::This link is the best i could come up with for now xrooster. http://www.basketball-reference.com/playoffs/NBA_1990.html
xrooster::thanks. buddy. the best thing to do is to go to youtube. there are clips there.   what jordan did speaks for itself.  the lebron lovers have to resort to insults to try to prove a point. it's just rude and tasteless
xrooster::LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James"the jordan rules"    were you not alive then? it's kind of a world famous thing.  ----------------------  xroosterjordan playoff avg's for 1990 36.7 pts. 7.2 rbds. 6.8assts.    totally shut down 51.4% FG's  ______________  hello.................moron. are you there?
xrooster::In 1990, the Pistons were on there way to their second straight world championship. The only thing in their way was Michael Jordan. After losing the first two games in Detroit, Jordan came out in Game 3 and scored 47 points against the toughest defence maybe ever - which was totally designed to stop Jordan. The "Jordan Rules" didn't slow Jordan in this game - he shot 17-32FGs (53%) and also had 10 rebounds and 4 assists in the bulls win.  This is one of my favourite games ever. Seeing Jordan this pumped up is pretty rare, and it is a pleasure to watch. Enjoy...  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkPK9sGa7Y8
xrooster::was i alive?  is this what lebron_greatestever means by jordan being "neutralized"?  video doesn't lie. but biased lebron lovers do.  enjoy
nba is the worst::It was a great time to be alive - and a basketball fan
bigmonster75::WHY IS THIS EVEN AN ARGUMENT. LBJ DOESN'T BELONG ANY WHERE NEAR JORDAN.   MJ=6 Championships LBJ=0.  MJ=5 MVP's LBJ=2 MVP's MJ=14X ALL STAR LBJ=7X ALL STAR  MJ=6X FINALS MVP LBJ=0 MJ=10X SCORING CHAMPION LBJ=1X SCORING CHAMPION  MJ=3X STEAL CHAMPS LBJ=0 MJ=1X DEFENSIVE PLAYER OF THE YEAR. LBJ=0 MJ=10X ALL NBA FIRST TEAM. LBJ=5X ALL NBA FIRST TEAM  MJ=9X NBA ALL DEFENSIVE FIRST TEAM LBJ=3X NBA ALL DEFENSIVE FIRST TEAM MJ=NBA ROOKIE OF YEAR LBJ=NBA ROOKIE OF THE YEAR   MJ=NBA ALL ROOKIE FIRST TEAM LBJ= NBA ALL ROOKIE FIRST TEAM  MJ=3X ALL STAR GAME MVP LBJ=2X ALL STAR GAME MVP MJ=2X SLAM DUNK CHAMP LBJ=0 MJ=NBA 50TH ANNIVERSARY ALL TIME  TEAM   LBJ=0 MJ=#23 IS RETIRED...
Irate Customer::You are comparing Jordan's full career, to Lebron's eight years while he's still in his prime.  That's ridiculous.  Compare their first eight seasons and see what they look like side-by-side.
Killum_n_Naughty::I'm a Heat fan to the core, but there is no comparison between the two. OBVIOUSLY. Jordan is the best ever, hands down. Delusional Kobe and LeBron fans should reaize this.
Killum_n_Naughty::Just keepin it real. lol
bigmonster75::Thank you your the first heat fan to admit that.much props to you..
xrooster::where'd the moron go?  doesn't want to face reality just wants to spout off?
Killum_n_Naughty::What's going on, LeBron vs MJ comparisons?
xrooster::ya. can you find any boxscores from the 1990 EC finals when the pistons "neutralized" jordan?
Killum_n_Naughty::Not at the moment. Need time.
xrooster::http://www.nytimes.com/1990/05/24/sports/  bulls-loss-in-game-2-has-jordan-seething.html  read about how jordan takes game 2's loss in the 1990 EC finals from ny times.  he hated to lose.  not like the weak minded lil bron
xrooster::Although Jordan, injured in Game 1 on Sunday, did not move well in the Bulls' 102-93 loss Tuesday night and was obviously a step slower getting up and down the court, he played hard for 45 minutes and finished with 20 points, 8 rebounds and 7 assists.
jgabaldon4427::King James aka "THE 5 STEP KING"
jgabaldon4427::"THE TRAVELING KING"
xrooster::LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - Jameslol.  no one was praising Jordan's "heart and iron will" in 1990 when he lost in the Eastern Conference Finals for the 2nd straight year.  Jesus, this place is filled either with kids or adults who are idiots....more User ID:http://sportsnation.espn.go.com/fans/lebron%20-%20the%20greatest%20of%20all%20time%20-%20james  27 Minutes Ago Like Reply Flag LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - JamesThey were praising the fact that the Pistons figured out how to neutralize Jordan....more ++++++++++++++  1990 EC finals game 7   Pistons 93 Bulls 74  jordan 13-27 5-5 31 pts, 8rbd, 9 assists  pippen 1-10  cartwright 3-9  grant 3-17  hodges 3-13  just the facts folks.  oh, btw the way the pistons won their second consecutive title in 1990  revisonist history much?
xrooster::idiots?  really?
bigmonster75::since Lebron-The Greatest of All time- james  keeps bringing up age here's age for you.  LeBron vs. MJ at 26                                                      Minutes     FGA        FG%       3FG%     FT%         Reb    Ast     TO       Pts       USG       PER Regular Season  LeBron:  	38.8	18.8	51.0	33.0	75.9         7.5	     7.0	3.6     26.7	31.5	27.3 Regular Season  Jordan:	        39.0	24.0	52.6	37.6	84.8	6.9	     6.3	3.0     33.6	33.7	31.2                                                       Minutes     FGA         FG%       3FG%     FT%      Reb    Ast       TO   Pts          USG        PER     Playoffs LeBron:                           44.0	18.9	46.3	36.8	78.7	8.9	   5.5	2.8	  26.0	28.6	26.9 Playoffs Jordan:	                        42.1	26.6	51.4	32.0	83.6	7.2	   6.8	3.5	36.7	36.1	31.6
bigmonster75::My bad i know it looks bad i messed up when i was writing it my fault if you can read it cool if you can't my bad.
nba is the worst::Hmmm - SERIOUS OWNAGE
xrooster::i need box scores from the 1990 EC finals.   this guy says that the bulls neutralized jordan i've got jordan's game 4 numbers.  42 points, 9 rebounds, 4 assists, 4 steals, 3 blocks  was i alive.  yes and i was paying attention.  this is offensive.
nba is the worst::The age argument is a red herring.  After 8 seasons, lebron's teams have won 2 Finals games.  Jordan's team had won 2 TITLES!  how many games has lebron scored 50+ points in?    Nine - compared to 39 for Jordan. Never in the playoffs, Jordan, 8 times    Did he ever score over 60?    No. Jordan, 5 times
xrooster::looks like the moron flew the coop
Ballin Homo For the Heat::Well I was a Heat fan until last night. I can't stand the Heat now.
xrooster::LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James"the jordan rules"    were you not alive then? it's kind of a world famous thing....more User ID:http://sportsnation.espn.go.com/fans/lebron%20-%20the%20greatest%20of%20all%20time%20-%20james  6 Minutes Ago Like Reply Flag  +++++++++++++++++++++ xroosterjordan playoff avg's for 1990 36.7 pts. 7.2 rbds. 6.8assts.    totally shut down 51.4% FG's...more _______________  lebron never shot better than 51% in the regular season or playoffs until this year.  lebron never averaged more than 35.3 ppg in the playoffs or regular season
xrooster::there are two intangibles that michael jordan has that lebron has shown a glimpse of only twice.  those are heart and an iron will.  lebron was incredible in the 2007 playoffs, and in spurts in last years playoffs.  unfortunatly for lil bron.  the finals is an f word for him.  it's like his kryptonite. there's no denying it. you can't change history.  it is what it is.  dud  against the spurs.  huge dud against the mavs.
jgabaldon4427::FIVE STEPS!!! Count them! About a minute left in the third quarter, he did a nice spin move to slice to the basket. Looked good! Why don't they let Kobe get away with stuff like that??
illestprospect::But what happened that third year? Lebron is in his 9th season and has shown no change of will. It's just the same stat freak who seems more worried about his rep than winning a title.
xrooster::jordan playoff avg's for 1990 36.7 pts. 7.2 rbds. 6.8assts.  totally shut down 51.4% FG's
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::"the jordan rules"  were you not alive then?  it's kind of a world famous thing.
xrooster::how did detroit neutralize jordan in 1990?
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::if you dominate in the clutch against the best defense in the league to make it to the finals, then your "will" is fine.  jordan was also thought of as a "stat freak" who was more worried about his image and shoe sales than winning.  that is, until he started winning.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::lol.  no one was praising Jordan's "heart and iron will" in 1990 when he lost in the Eastern Conference Finals for the 2nd straight year.  Jesus, this place is filled either with kids or adults who are idiots.
jgabaldon4427::Why doesn't Kobe get the "STAR" treatment from the leauge? I get it I understand superstars should get calls and they all do with the exception of KOBE. I don't understand why the league black balls him??
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Jordan was also known for traveling a lot and never getting called for it.  That's when you know you've arrived as an NBA superstar.
jgabaldon4427::Le Bron James aka "THE TRAVELING KING"
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::yeah, well the "next three years" for lebron started this year - as he's putting up the greatest season of his career so far.
xrooster::right. but the next 3 years everyone was crapping their pants as jordan crapped all over the league.  kinda like how lebronists were crapping their pants watching lebron average 17 ppg in last years finals.  but hey legends aren't made in the eastern conference finals are they? 2007 much? 2010 much?
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::They were praising the fact that the Pistons figured out how to neutralize Jordan.
bigmonster75::There is nothing great about Lebron James He is in no way shape or form Jordan and will never be Jordan. I honestly can't see Lebron winning a ring (Charles Barkley #2) but if he does then that will be his only one and the only way he will get a ring is if Wade carries that whole team on his shoulders but he got tired of doing that so i can't see them winning a championship. Durant has a better chance then Lebron James.  So Lebron is the greatest of all time talk just needs to stop. HE IS NOTHING GREAT!! HE IS JUST A REGULAR SEASON PLAYER.
bigmonster75::OKAY AT AGE 27 LBJ IS BETTER THEN MJ? BUT ALL TIME NO MY FRIEND YOU ARE SADLY MISTAKING  SEE BECAUSE JORDAN LIKE YOU KEEPING LEAVING OUT BECAUSE YOU KNOW THIS IS WHAT MAKES JORDAN 20 BILLION TIMES BETTER HAS 6 RINGS TO LEBRON'S 0 RINGS. SO NO ALL TIME LBJ IS NO WHERE ON MJ'S LEVEL.. NO WHERE!!!
bigmonster75::HE IS NOT JORDAN! JORDAN IS WAY BETTER! see you keep posting stats and all that but the funny thing is Lebron has no rings so just the 0 rings should end the conversation.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::jordan didn't have any rings either at the same age.  i'm not sweatin' that.  up to age 27 lebron is a better player than MJ.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::"He is in no way shape or form Jordan and will never be Jordan"  uh oh, bigmonster75 busted out "no way, shape or form"... that must settle it then.
nba is the worst::FIRST TIME YOU'VE BEEN RIGHT TODAY...
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::This also displays how LeBron is a more complete player than Jordan:  LeBron James averages 8.5 assists in games where he scores 50 or more points.&nbsp;&nbsp; Michael Jordan averaged 4.5 assists in games where he scored 50 or more points.&nbsp;&nbsp;
bigmonster75::Yeah think about what you just said. has 8.5 assist when scoring 50 or more points HOW OFTEN DID LEBRON HIT 50 OR MORE?
nba is the worst::Lol - how many games has lebron even scored over 50 points in?  Nine - compared to 39 for Jordan. Never in the playoffs, Jordan, 8 times  Did he ever score over 60?  No. Jordan, 5 times
bigmonster75::You know why Lebron averages more assists then Jordan because Lebron can't shoot to save his life.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::&gt;scores 50 points shooting jumpers  &gt;says he cant shoot  lol no
xrooster::LOL.
cphtcpht::Lebron=no rings
Logical Chubs::heat suck for losing to the clippers!!!
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Interesting facts.  LeBron already holds these records:  Most 20/5/5 games in history: 366 (Malone is 2nd - 358) Most 25/5/5 games in history: 291 (Jordan 2nd - 289) Most 20/6/6 games in history: 282 (Drexler is 2nd - 226) Most 25/6/6 games in history: 224 (Jordan is 2nd - 185) Most 30/6/6 games in history: 148 (Jordan is 2nd - 140) Most 35/6/6 games in history: 71 (Jordan is TIED - 71) Most 20/7/7 games in history: 180 (Magic is 2nd - 142) Most 25/7/7 games in history: 140 (Jordan is 2nd - 105) Most 30/7/7 games in history: 95 (Jordan is 2nd - 79) Most 35/7/7 games in history: 42 (Jordan is 2nd - 41) Most 40/7/7 games in history: 22 (Jordan is 2nd - 21) Most 45/7/7 games in history: 9 (Bird is 2nd - 8) Most 50/7/7 games in history: 5 (Kobe is 2nd - 4) Most 25/8/8 games in history: 76 (Magic is 2nd - 68) Most 30/8/8 games in history: 58 (Jordan is 2nd - 44) Most 35/8/8 games in history: 26 (Bird is 2nd - 25) Most 40/8/8 games in history: 13 (Jordan is 2nd - 9) Most 45/8/8 games in history: 6 (Jordan is 2nd - 4) Most 50/8/8 games in history: 4 (Kobe is 2nd - 2) Most 25/9/9 games in history: 40 (Magic is 2nd - 39) Most 35/9/9 games in history: 12 (Jordan is 2nd - 11) Most 40/9/9 games in history: 6 (Jordan is 2nd - 5) Most 45/9/9 games in history: 2 (Jordan is TIED - 2) Most 50/9/9 games in history: 1 (Wade is TIED - 1)
xrooster::so you're saying lebron is the greatest fantasy basketball player in history?  is that what you're saying?
illestprospect::How about Jordan's 32,000 points in only 1072 games played. Or his 30 ppg career average. Or the two years he averaged over 35 points. Are these any less important than what you posted?
bigmonster75::Again Where's the RINGS at?? FOR LEBRON
NFLXNBAXMLB::He can get a ring from JCP lmao
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::We also see almost no representation from Kobe even though he has logged 15 years.  It's all basically LeBron and Jordan, with Magic and Bird sprinkled in.
bigmonster75::you keep posting stats about LeQUIT i mean Lebron but where's his RINGS at??
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::I see a lot of Jordan coming in 2nd even though he played twice the amount of seasons.
nba is the worst::So you've proved he's a ballhogging statswhore.  Most would agree that winning championships is the goal of professional sports, though...
cphtcpht::You forgot the most important stat. Jordan 6 rings, Lebron 0
NFLXNBAXMLB::Lebrick, lebitch, legay,Lefag, Lewho,Lechoke ,
bigmonster75::The only RING Lebron will ever have is his WEDDING RING and he barely got that hahaha
bigmonster75::THE FROZEN ONE   SKIP BAYLESS VOICE lol
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Jordan age 28: ring 1 - MVP Jordan age 29: ring 2 - MVP Jordan age 30: ring 3 Jordan age 33: ring 4 - MVP Jordan age 34: ring 5 Jordan age 35: ring 6 - MVP  LeBron James is 27 years old... you get the point?
cphtcpht::yes, lebron has not won anything, we get it.
xrooster::yes michael jordan has 6 rings. 6 finals mvp's always averaged 30 and once averaged over 40 points per game in the finals.  jordan shined brightest on the biggest stage.  lebron puts up big fantasy numbers but flops on the big stage.  is that the point?
nba is the worst::You lie.  Jordan is 9-18, 50%
xrooster::actually statistically lebron is having one of his best seasons.  i think given the choice lebron would rather avg a triple double for the season and not win a title.
bigmonster75::Hahaha i know you didn't just say 4th quarter and Lebron in the same sentence because last night. NO WHERE TO BE FOUND IN THE FOURTH in the Championship VS the Mavs NO WHERE TO BE FOUND IN THE FOURTH..ahaha  wow..
bigmonster75::Yup i agree and we are seeing that decline right now, like last night vs the Clippers he was Frozen basically no where on the court. I think as crazy as it may sound to Lebron lovers but i think he going to average his lowest points rebounds assists and all that this season.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::LeBron James is one of the greatest 4th quarter players in history, statistically.  In fact, LeBron's FG% for game winners under 10 seconds in the playoffs is higher than Jordan's.  There were times when Jordan disappeared late in games as well.  People just ignore that though.
xrooster::jordan actually went to college. and won a championship there. before being the main factor in building a dynasty by winning 6 in the NBA. he didn't have to go to another franchise to chase a title.  of course you'll just discount that fact.  i hate to break it to you but lebron has peaked. it's all downhill from here.
bigmonster75::WOW 1 year more and then Jordan started WINNING RINGS compared to Lebron who is losing games at 27 he is not winning anything this year.
THE LEGEND G.O.A.T::"LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James "Would you rather choose Lebron in the fourth quarter or Jordan? Explain
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::The point is that Jordan didn't do that until he was 28, 29, 30+.  In fact, he didn't even make it to the Finals, or get his 2nd MVP, until he was 28.  LeBron James is doing a lot more, sooner.  But he still has plenty of time for rings, as is evidenced by MJ's career and also Kobe's.  Since he also didn't do anything until he was 29+.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::If anyone ever says that Iverson, TMac, Wade or Kobe are as good as LeBron James and Michael Jordan, then they're just ignorant fools who know absolutely nothing about what makes a great basketball player.
illestprospect::Lebron has size, strength and overall speed over Jordan. Thats literally all.
xrooster::jordan had a mid range post game where he was virtually unstopable. his FG% across the board is better than lebrons.  FT, FG, and 3 pt.
illestprospect::Ill give you better finisher at the rim maybe but it's not by much if at all. Vision isnt better, it just looks that way because James basically plays point. An Jordan became lethal from everywhere by the 90s. Being a down low player wasn't a concern of his because he was only 6'6. There's mounds of things Jordan did that Lebron probably never will, it really isn't close.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::vision, better three point shooter, much better finisher at the rim.  there hasnt been a perimeter player to shoot over 72% at the rim in decades, and Jordan never did that.
xrooster::so tell us. what makes a great basketball player?  and you don't really believe that lebron is better than jordan do you?
nba is the worst::I'm laughing at your assertion that lebron can "play the 5 at an allstar level"
xrooster::lebron avg 7 ast per game for his career.  jordan avg 5.3 ast per game for his career  but stats don't tell the whole story. jordan scored alot more, and won alot more. and he didn't chase titles.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::^  you must be blind.  LeBron is one of the greatest passers in history.  Jordan does not even come close to LBJ in passing or vision.
xrooster::how is lebron a superior passer to jordan? you've got to be out of your mind.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Yes, I do believe LeBron is better than Jordan because he's more well rounded, more versatile, but equally lethal as a scorer and defensively.  Much superior passer.  LeBron James can play every position 1 through 5 and play them at an all-star level.  This cannot be said about Jordan.  And both LeBron and Jordan as equally efficient players - the top two in history in that regard.  I say 1 and 1a.
pmd49er::First it was Iverson, then it was T-Mac, then it was Wade, then it was LeBron. Everyone wants the next Kobe. The next Jordan.  Sorry, no one has come close to either yet.....
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::No one wants to be the next Kobe.  lol.
cphtcpht::A few years ago when Lebron played for Cleveland all Miami fans would say is that Wade won a ring and Lebron has not. Now the tables are turned and the same Lebron is on the Heat and they wont accept their own reasoning that Lebron has not won a ring so he cannot be compared to Jordan. Nothing has changed , Lebron still has not won anything so how now is he magically transformed into the G.o.a.t.?
TheSixthHeatle::Lebron hasn't had a Riley to dictate how to use his talents to win as a team. No boards, no rings!  Lebron' potential is the greatest of all time because of his frame and athleticism. Imagine MJ with Lebron' body for a second. Fans made the mistake of creating expectations based on his potential, opening the door for disappointment on the most grandest of scales. Tragic Magic was the Lebrick of the eighties. His supporters far out number the naysayers, but the naysayers are more vocal for now. Miami fans want him on our team, he is the closest thing to the Big O, I've seen, we dont want to play him thats for sure. The Heat Incredibly entertaining on a daily basis, Wade and him are basketball poetry when in sync and focused. Lebron needs to make his FT's and correct his shot, keep the elbow tucked on his J. He has leaked points for years at the charity stripe, its pathetic as professional player, basic even!
bigmonster75::Okay if you where the owner of a team and you had the first pick in the draft and Lebron and Jordan where both in there who would you rather have JORDAN OR LEBRON??And why
tech_alum_2010::I'll take Dirk over Lebron
pmd49er::Dirk over LeBron ....easy call ....
pmd49er::Jordan. LeBron would be my 224th rated player.
Potato_VII::Jordan - LeBron has an IQ of a 2 year old.  Kind of hard to teach that.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::If LeBron and Jordan were coming into the league at the same time as rookies, LeBron would be the 1st pick in the draft and Jordan will probably still go 3rd like he did in 1984.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::I didn't say that it mattered.  But LeBron would easily get taken over Jordan as rookies.
tech_alum_2010::doesnt matter where you get drafted. ask Tom Brady
tbomber2::jordan because he's a proven champion (NCAA, olympic gold medal before he played a game in the NBA) and has college experience (and maturity)
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::LeBron, because he is a more versatile player who presents more mismatches.  And unlike Jordan, he has proven that he can take just about any junk team very deep into the playoffs.  Jordan requires a lot more pieces for winning.
cphtcpht::That "junk" Cavs team won 66 games in one season. Have the Heat done that with Lebron?
bigmonster75::i can't believe he hasn't won a championship and he is getting called the greatest of all time.
THE LEGEND G.O.A.T::Do you love coming up with an excuse for Lebron? Oh I forgot your name is  "LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James"  that explains it.
twentyanite::again. i dont need a guy to take me deep into the playoffs. i need a guy who will win the playoffs. what part of that dont you understand.
bigmonster75::See your ignoring the question and keep bringing up age. im asking has he WON A CHAMPIONSHIP??
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::So if a "big game" to you is winning an elimination game in the Finals, then Michael Jordan did not win a single "big game" until he was 28 years old.
bigmonster75::But has he won in the FINALS?
Potato_VII::I love how all the LeBron lovers lower their standards to try and prove that LeBron is great.  LeBron is the best if you're not counting rings or getting swept out of the Finals.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Jordan didn't even MAKE IT to the Finals by age 26.  Jordan couldn't even win THE EASTERN CONFERENCE FINALS.  LeBron was doing that at age 23.
bigmonster75::Has he won in the finals?
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::If you make it to the Finals, then you have won BIG games.
bigmonster75::Okay he's proven he can take them deep but he hasn't proven he can win BIG games in the playoffs.   And the heat are a trash team?  And Lebron has Wade bosh and now  shane battier it looks like he needs pieces to win to me.
tech_alum_2010::any junk team? he played for 1. the Cavs. and they came out of a weak Eastern conference. this heat team isnt junk
tech_alum_2010::now if your saying take away all previous knowledge and we go by pure looks and high school/ college film you take James
tech_alum_2010::Jordan-no explanation needed
tbomber2::Jordan was clutch.  LeBron is not.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::How clutch do you think the public thought Jordan was at age 27 when he was bounced in the Eastern Conference Finals for two straight years?  And bounced out of the playoffs for 6 straight years?
twentyanite::to date, he has the most titles since russell . to date he has the most gw shots and buzzer beaters. he is what winning in the nba is all about. im talking multiple titles in 3 peat fashion. bron has yet to win just one. this is why the 2 should never be in the same sentence.
twentyanite::the fact is, for 8 years lebron has not delivered. for whatever wild reason you keep telling me he will. as the years go by he continues to NOT get it done. quit telling me about the guys who are gonna do it. i want to talk about the guys who have done it and are doing it as we speak. lebron is nowhere to be found on this list.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Are you having a hard time coming to terms with my facts?  Jordan wasn't ALWAYS thought of as the ultimate winner/ultimate clutch player.  He spent the majority of his 20s struggling in the playoffs.  Why are you afraid to acknowledge this?
twentyanite::somebody get this guy out here, and quick. mike is proven. bron failed to deliver time and time again. last nite was just small dose of a bigger problem
THE LEGEND G.O.A.T::Anybody trying to compare Lebron to Kobe or Jordan is stupid in the first place.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::"Anybody trying to compare Lebron to Kobe or Jordan is stupid"  how eloquent
nba is the worst::The truth hurts, no doubt
nba is the worst::Correct - but what can one expect from a slurper with the screen name "LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James"?
bigmonster75::Look i'll be honest i do not like Lebron, I don't like how he is compared to Jordan all the time i hate how arrogant he is like last night after the game where he said he wasn't upset about the loss in different words. But this guy gets so much credit for some odd reason he is a Great regular season player but get in those big games he is no where to be found it like he's not even on the court, he is now 0-2 in the finals and got swept in the one in 07 vs the Spurs. Look until he wins 6 rings then he can be compared to Jordan but then again on the other hand Jordan never Lost in a NBA finals he 6-0. Unless you are saying Jordan is better then Lebron or as i like to call him LeRINGLESS then those 2 names shouldn't be used in the same sentence. And you know what he's isn't better then Kobe because Kobe got rings MVP's and leads Lebron By a big Margin in scoring, and Lebron isn't better then Paul Pierce because Pierce has a ring and doesn't get any respect and Pierce stays consistent with his stats so i don't know why he is always underrated.
pmd49er::Jordan took 2 years off and he still got 6 rings. I'm still waiting for LeBrons first.......
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Because there are people in the world older than you are who saw the same pattern with Jordan.  "great regular season player"... "cant get it done in the playoffs"... "stat hog"  But we know greatness when we see it.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Jordan was not a "proven" anything until he was older than LeBron.
nba is the worst::No - he's had 8 seasons - MJ already had TWO titles by then
cphtcpht::Wouldnt you agree that Jordan was a proven winner and leader and Lebron is not?
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::having a scoring decline in the finals at age 26 is A LOT BETTER than not being able to make it to the finals at all.. wouldn't you agree?
nba is the worst::How does his alltime Finals record scoring decline of -8.9 ppg look like "greatness"?  All his other stats went down as well - while playing 5 more minutes!
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::LeBron just turned 27.  Kobe Bryant also entered the league at 18, but did not win an MVP, a Finals MVP, or anything else as an alpha dog until he was 30.  So why is everyone rushing The King?  What's with the different standards?
twentyanite::amazing at what. i gotta know.
cphtcpht::King of what?
super red espresso snowflake::Fantastic point!!!  People expect more from LeBron because they know how amazing he is!!
nba is the worst::Kobe was 29 when voted league MVP
twentyanite::should have been voted 2 more mvps. nash and dirk stole one. thats a whole nother story though.
nba is the worst::What's the difference?  Well, you were wrong, for one thing
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::lol.  what's the difference?  the point is still the same.
tbomber2::Jordan's first 2 finals appearances:  two rings LeBron's first 2 finals appearances: nothing
KeepHatingOnMelo::LeBron  in 7 seasons= 0 rings  Jordan in 7 seasons= 1 ring  LeBron is falling behind the GOAT
JacobJcn31::LeBron showed us again last night why he is never gonna be as good as Kobe or let alone MJ
pmd49er::LeBron James....LOL... this guys delusional......there are hundreds of players throughout NBA history better than LeBron. He ain't even close to Kobe and Jordan.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::LeBron is better than Kobe by a mile, and only slightly better than Jordan.
twentyanite::lebrons is nowhere on kobes radar. it almost an insult to put the 2 in the same sentence. i wont even comment on the jordan comparison. no need to emabarrass you anymore than your emabarrasing yourself.
cphtcpht::I love reading comments from people like you that have your head stuck up Lebrons butt. Its funny because  he wouldnt  give you the time of day if he saw you on the street. He is just a person, no better than you or me.
nba is the worst::No one is buying what you're selling.  lebron's 0-2 Finals compared to Jordan's 6-0 shows the difference.  And as well, MJ stepped UP in the Finals.  Lebron steps down.  WAY down.  Alltime record down.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Jordan at age 27: 0-2 in the Eastern Conference Finals  LeBron at age 27: 2-1 in the Eastern Conference Finals  This kid LeBron James is doing alright, so far... don't ya think?
cphtcpht::No. There is no comparison between Lebron and Jordan. Lebron has won no titles, Jordan won several. Sure your going from age 27 but Jordan was a proven leader by 27. He had class. He had that killer instinct. He was the most clutch player in the 4th quarter. Im not saying Lebron isnt  talented and one of the best because he is but he is not anywhere near Jordan at this point and even if he wins a few chips he  still is all about himself and just does not have so many intangibles that Jordan brought to the game. Not to mention Jordan was a stand up guy and a great role model.
tech_alum_2010::bottom line is until James has 5 rings he wont live up to the hype no matter what other great things he might have done
tech_alum_2010::you keep plling ou these facts but truth is the one's who hate Lebron will always hate no matter what you post so you wasting your time. Even if James was to win a few titles Wade would get the credit for it. Dont get me wrong I cant stand the Heat but I know what will happen
tbomber2::says the guy calling lebron the GOAT
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::it's okay if you want to be unreasonable.  it's not illegal.
lovesports3409::He had a headstart because MJ went to college.
nba is the worst::Keep trying - all you're accomplishing is playing the buffoon
twentyanite::thats even worse. forget he just had a bday. strengthens my argument even more
twentyanite::meaningful??? lol you funny. 5 time champ.  real fans no exactly what that means.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Kobe didn't win anything meaningful until he was in his 30s as well.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Jordan didnt win anything until he was 28 and he got the majority of his hardware after age 30.  So who cares about 26 and 27?
nba is the worst::Check your calendar - he's 27 and counting
twentyanite::hes 26 now. he hasnt learned it yet??? quit making excuses for this dude.
lovesports3409::He was in the NBA. That is a difference anyway you try to make up for it. If he would have won anything, like Kobe did early, you'd be trying to through that in the mix. Step down.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::lebron at 18, 19, 20 was still learning the game, just like jordan at 18, 19, 20.  no difference.
twentyanite::negative. you keep making excuses for this dude. been in the league for almost a decade and has given us absolutley nothing yet espn seems to want to give him everything.  for true hoop fans that will never fly. winning makes you great my friend never forget that. bron is the dan marino of the nba. great individual stats and no championships.
twentyanite::nah being a moron is saying not 1 but 2 but 3 but 4 but 5 but 6. how about you punks get 1 first.
tbomber2::seriously its ridiculous.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::"now he has wade and bosh and still cant get it done."  lol... uh... newsflash!  they just started their 2nd year together.  whats with all the morons in here today?
twentyanite::no hate. just facts. how long are you willing to wait. he had a wack team in clev and won 60 games. couldnt get it done. now he has wade and bosh and still cant get it done. again, how long are you willing to wait.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::exact same thing was said about jordan.  i've heard the misplaced hate before.
