oingo7::When asked about a Lakers rivalry with the Clippers, Kobe responded: "Rivalries are made in playoffs." *pwnt*
mark3610::Lebron is doing his part what is up with everybody else?
91Griff24::Clippers are looking very good this season WEAPONS all over the place Jamal Crawford was a hell of a pick up for the Clipps. D Jordan looks good B Griffin worked on his post game and footing. Chris paul,, well what can you say about him,, but a General on the floor. And Odom WOW!!!... Also Chauncey Billips i here may be coming back. Watch out for this Team my Team La Clippers Weapons of Mass Destruction on the court. L............O...............B     C..............I.................T...............Y
HiKeithyWhatUp::HAHAHAHAH....... HEAT SUCK
razoryanks25::clippers... TALENT
tuala46::I hope we can play like this in the playoffs
razoryanks25::clippersssss
Lebron 4 Prez::lol @ these clippers fans thinking the heat were giving an effort at all
Roge3471::u are a hardcore Lebron groupie, no different than a wanna-be NBA wife
Finding Bigfoot::The heat suck dick
lebron-is-a-champion::its allright heat!!! an ugly win isnt gonna phase us! LET'S GO HEAT!
BigTimeTimmyy::Man the Clippers look dirrrty. Scares me as a Thunder fan, but here's to hoping the Lakers become the second team in LA.
LAC GrapeNutz::#Clippers #Dynasty #Championship #Bookit
VEEGINA::The Heat are going to get an easy ride to the finals again and that will be their downfall. The Eastern Conference is so boring now that Derrick Rose is out. Where's the competition? Only the tight bulls defense and Derrick Rose's star power could have given the Heat a run for their money. That was shaping up to be a great rivalry. Now its just a bunch of average teams + the best team in the NBA. Only Chicago has a chance to contest the Heat in the future. Best Coach in the league and hopefully a healthy Derrick Rose is still not enough though. We need another star!! Why wont you come to the Bulls???? You don't have to live in Michael Jordan's shadow! Anyway I think its pretty obvious the Clippers will come out of the West. The Spurs and the Thunder will be dangerous. The Spurs will keep games tight with a deep bench and experience but will ultimately lose because of their lack of reliable offense. The Thunder will bring the scoring but defensively they will lose despite Ibaka's impact in the paint. Also Westbrook is a turnover machine and continuely makes poor decisions.
zq2000@hotmail.com::We beat Grizzlies, Spurs, Lakers and beat Heat yesterday in the Final in an  one game series, give us the championship trophy already David Stern.  - Clipper Fans (supporters of white supremacist)
JoeClipplet::Mad bro?
kirby_314::clippers can beat any team in the east in a 7 game series
ZoomOnDatYamaha::clippers only team to whoop lakers spurs heat and grizz
ZoomOnDatYamaha::z
Gnu1087::Anyone who says Dwade is better than Kobe knows absolutely nothing about basketball.  The guy is showing his age in his 10th season.  Kobe is still the best SG in the game in his 17th.  Dwade has 3 years left tops
Eg214::6 points in 29 minutes? Is that what 16 million a year gets you? if Keeps that up hes gona get amnestied traded waived lol
Gnu1087::Wade is far passed his prime.  I could see lebron opting out in '14 due to the fact that Dwade is deteriorating quicker than my grandpa
THE ROCK.::Finally LA has a good team
Doug Funny 111::The Clippers are a legitiment condendar this year. Can't believe the depth of this team.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Awesome.
Steven_K_12::another case where LeBron plays well while the rest of the starting 5 plays like garbage.
oblique15::You Heat fans make me sick . I see some of you sayen Wades better then Kobe then Kobe or when Bosh is hurt talk about how you need him and will win when he comes back then the second you lose Lebron gets no help!
Roge3471::why is it ok for ppl to say that about Cavs in 09-10? u dont get 66 &amp; 60+ wins on your own. I think the hypocrites go both ways..
Rex_Facts::Band wagon fans live in la la land...
Eg214::West Owns the East again  just like the last 10 years
oblique15::didnt get West a championship though
Eg214::The west has been stronger than the east for the last 10-12 years
oblique15::funny how Bobcats are second to the Heat in the SOUTHEAST division lol
Jeff Probst Is The Ultimate Survivor::Wade should be a college coach because he is great at recruiting players to make a winning team.
Roge3471::what happened to his "great" ability to recruit players during his 15-win season?? quit being a brown nose
Blind Refs::To play defense against Bosh just stand there still and make no sudden movements.  His vision is based on movement.
method305::That only works for T-Rex, he's is of the VeBoshiraptor family.
Yungdubz27::This message has been erased by ESPN for violating the Miami Heat fan base
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Knicks at Spurs tonight!  Number 1 seeds in each conference going head to head!  One team is legit and the other is garbage but who is who....
tonystarks26::Where's Pablo MIguel at?
tonystarks26::Alliance roll call
tonystarks26::Jeff Green sh##ted on Al Jefferson. FACT!
tonystarks26::Is espn still banning folks for telling the truth?
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Always!!!
tonystarks26::Any Knick fans up in this joint
tonystarks26::Marcus sent me here to run this board....does anyone object? Oh and BTW the Miami Heat are a huge joke.
method305::Relax son. It's only Nov.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::In other news, if Lebron averages at least 24 in his next four seasons, including this one and Wade continues at his pace. He will have Wade's points record or be close to first place.
oblique15::but they lost
n1que_olajuwon_ewing::who cares
tonystarks26::The Alliance runs these boards!!
Rex_Facts::PHAKT!
theflyeststar::Me and Mariah Go back like babies with pacifiers Ol' dirty dog no liar Kickin' fantasy hot like fire
fleeMAN44::I miss ODB...FREE MONEYYYYYY
a617guy::i always thought it was "N*ggas with pacifiers"  ... woud be much ebtter
theflyeststar::lol not really
theflyeststar::Yo New York in the house Is Brooklyn in the house Uptown in the house
Rex_Facts::MAD cavs fans in da house...
theflyeststar::knick fans in the house
theflyeststar::Dallas are you in the house Boogie down are you in the house Sacramento in the house Atlanta, Georgia are you in the house
theflyeststar::heavens in the house
return of the madcap::hells in the house
theflyeststar::West Coast are you in the house Japan are you in the house Everybody are you in the house Baby baby come on Baby come on Baby come on
bfelton408::ok heres my lineup. This is a 6 man league, so roster is stacked. Im needing suggestions on what trades i shuld make and what areas i lack in. This is my 1st year as a FBB player    PG's -Ty Lawson, Stephen Curry, Kyrie Irving, jrue holiday  SG's- Kobe, Tyreke Evans, Marcus Thornton  Bigs- Carmelo, Lebron, Duncan, Cousins, Chandler, Ryan Anderson, Randolph, Deandre Jordan
Rex_Facts::Cavs fans are still MAD...  Lmfao!
thegameisback1591::Lebron Fans will say he didnt have a team when he shot 10-30 against the spurs, but went HAM on a Defensive Pistons team in the previous round.
tonystarks26::Yo game whats good son....where's treeloc?
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Lebron fans are not the only ones who said that, the Spurs were predicted favorites because of their defense. You sound like youre 16.
Dumb Heat Fans.::off to the sheat nuggs board
return of the madcap::i like how lebron was all smiles and laughs after an embarrassing loss
thegameisback1591::Hey Lebron , i slept with your baby momma too- Shard Lewis
return of the madcap::lebron does not sleep with girls... maybe wade and bosh.. but he couldnt get a girl if all his money was coming out of his pants
thegameisback1591::my bad i had to change it..... FIXED!!!!
thegameisback1591::Lebron is better than Mike- Delusional Lebron Slurpers
return of the madcap::"Wow, youre the equivalent of the Loch ness Monster in your rarity.".... WOW..
return of the madcap::hes not even the best player on his team
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::return of the madcap - wade???? hahaha u mean bosh or shane battier  Wow, a Bosh fan? That means two years of pent up angst. Wow, youre the equivalent of the Loch ness Monster in your rarity.
return of the madcap::wade???? hahaha u mean bosh or shane battier
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Wow, a disillusioned Wade fan, thought i would never see one again.
stingfan1985::How about some love for my Clippers!!! No longer content to be merely the best team in L.A.(we're already that by a mile!), but also a legitimate threat for at LEAST the Conference Finals!!! Wait till we get Billups &amp; Hill to add to a team that's ALREADY the deepest in the league.  I can't wait to see how the Season unfolds and for the Playoffs to begin!!!!!!!
buckshotz17::I guess you didn't watch Blake last night.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::Until Griffin learns to shoot a mid-range jumper the Clippers will never win a title.  The Spurs are still a better team and will probably sweep them out of the playoffs AGAIN!
Roge3471::when billups coming back?
WareTheTDsAt::late november early december is the supposed time table
Dumb Heat Fans.::pacers and clippers lol
FootballKingFrans::heat fans probably went to the nuggets board  hopefully they lose again lebron could be really tired especially after carrying this team against the rockets and clippers
Roge3471::^^^ u act like he wasnt supposed to do the same thing w/ the cavs
Steven_K_12::he did do it with the cavs.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::He is used to it. Best player in the league for a reason.
thegameisback1591::Miami's Defense has regressed = FACT
01Bulls4life::hello????  any Heat fans here.....
Trent taking it to the house::LeQuit is not the GOAT. fact. GO CAVS
Rex_Facts::Mad ^^^
method305::Yeah, your still cryin' about it.
Trent taking it to the house::He said and I quote "I WILL NOT STOP TIL I BRING A CHAMPIONSHIP TO CLEVELAND." He quit.
Rex_Facts::He gave that joke of an org 7 years.  Hardly quitting...
Trent taking it to the house::HE QUIT.
