bamberg1977::I do question why Joe didnt build-in the tank with the right roster moves. Get rid of Tay, amnesty Gordon, no Ben Wallace, those types of things leave a young team with no peer leadership or toughness. You cant ask a team to tank because you'll never get em back. But you can build in a tank season.   We are showing signs of a playoffs in the future, but this team does not have a championship core, and what they need to get there is rare to find outside the first few picks. Obviously Anthony Daivs everyone wants, but he would fit like a glove in Detroit and be the final piece to a team that would compete for championships in 2 years. As of now they simply dont have anyone to protect rim and they dont have a superstar on offense. That combo wont work.
trademarktaz::we're the pistons, we don't tank. the closest we've come to a #1 draft pick due to us sucking was grant hill like 20 years ago almost and even that wasn't the #1 pick. keeping tayshaun was a nice move since he was so cheap. we're going to save the amnesty for when we really, really need it. ben wallace wants to retire a piston and he's not even getting much in the cap.
marcpru60::key to tanking season might be right in front of us... charlie v is back!! yippee, no one does less with their talent than the amazing charlie v... well, melo comes close but charlie v is the key to pistons having a set back now
MansGame5313::It would have been worse if you had a team that was build to tank that stunts the growth of your up and comers. Winning is the best thing for the Pistons right now even if it drops them out of the top 5 picks. Showing Knight and Moose what it takes and what they must do to win in invaluable. Believe me they are benefiting more from this than if they were to pick a few slots higher especially with this draft class
Comments Recommendation::http://www.rnsnbc.com/news/latest_headlines/limo/
Detroitfan3092::i knew this team had the talent to beat up on the lower quality teams in the league but i think they are are about 2 years away(pending what they do in the draft) from competing with the top teams in the league and competing in the playoffs
bamberg1977::I dont think there's a timeline. You either have the pieces or you dont. Pistons got a Defender like A. Davis they could compete for championships in the very near future.   But as it stands, this team has holes. Stuckey either refines his touch shooting and at the basket or he doesnt. If he does, he's an all-star, if he doesnt I think he's inconsistent and we will struggle to be great with him as a go to guy.   This team needs a defensive stopper. They're sort of getting by with Ben Wallace still capable as a backup and JMax decided to Join the NBA this year.  But because the PIstons dont have great scorers they will need a big who's a great team defender. Rare to find.
Recommended News Story::http://www.rnsnbc.com/news/latest_headlines/limo/
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::wow detroit is playing great ball. bright future here. Monroe will be a BEAST!
doggtoyork::hahahaa thunder turned down harden and ibaka for dwight WE'RE SOO LUCKY THEY DECLINED THEY COULD HAVE BEEN GOOD http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
dane801::This Piston's team is better off making it to the playoffs even though they would lose; they would be more likely to attract an effective hungry player.
HateBrass::Detroit, draft Yancy Gates, hired a fitness trainer for him to tighten up those muscles and get the big body to patrol the paint.  The guy can give you 12 points a game, 8 rebounds and eat up space.  With him, Greg Monroe, Jonas Jerebko, Stuckey and Knight, you have a core group to build  a contender.  He fits what Detroit needs more than any other player.  Detroit is soft right now and graet Piston teams were NEVER soft!
MansGame5313::Maybe in the second round but not first cause he a PF and we need a center 7 footer would be preferable
trademarktaz::i agree pistons are one of the most hardcore franchises ever but the game is different now gotta play to win. yancy gates would be a good choice in the 2nd round and he has a nice right hook too!
UNC.::im from Toronto and want Raptors to lose so they can get Harrison Barnes in the draft. lol
trademarktaz::the raptors could use barnes, their scoring is terrible outside of barg and rarely derozen and barnes is a nice scorer.
PrinceofDetroit28::Harrison Barnes has a ton of talent but disappears too much in games. No thank you.
trademarktaz::the 2013 nba draft will be loaded with tall centers in the top 15 picks, i like how this is building up :)
trademarktaz::i agree i think he will be moved to PF eventually. tons of center depth to come.
PrinceofDetroit28::The Pistons really do need a Center the moose is better at PF.
trademarktaz::all those raptors fans have gone quiet
deanparker138::The pistons will be the first team to be a lottery pick and make the playoffs only 3 games back.
HateBrass::We don't need to be a lottery team and still I hope we win enough games just to fall short of making the playoffs.  Get Yancy Gates in a 26 wins season and then go for the playoffs in 2013.
Taysuan22::they cant because the lottery is made of teams who didnt make the playoffs
greyhoundbowler::Woot we won a game again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
greyhoundbowler::Lets hope the next game is the same!!!
trademarktaz::detroit pistons best franchise ever
Andy1178::Wake me up when my Pistons start playing Defense like the 04 squad. Then I will start making the trips to the Palace again
tja52::I remember that year they held like 7 straight teams under 70 points. At the time i didnt think it was that sweet, but now i realize how hard it is just to do that even once.
PrinceofDetroit28::You do realize that team was one of the best defensively of all time? Maybe lower your expectations a little.
MansGame5313::We can get a nice big man in the draft to complement Moose cause as much as i love max he just not a solution at starting 4 or 5 but he would be great as first big man off the bench i think the pistons should bring him back. Then we need some wing scoring now i know a lot of people i hear say try for Carmelo but the last thing we need is a black hole i think if we can get rid of Charlie V we find some good pieces
trademarktaz::i agree look on the bright side we have 2 second round picks too we can find a steal
MansGame5313::yeah we love the slight build guys. We need more of a bulky guy at 5 with hops but hey not a lot of those around these days
trademarktaz::pistons will probably draft perry jones they love players like him he's an austin daye, jonas jerebko, tayshaun prince, charlie v rip off
TigersMichFan111::8	New York	18	22	.450	14	11-9	7-13	4-4	12-12	96.7	96.1	+0.6	Lost 4	3-7  &nbsp;	Milwaukee	16	24	.400	16	10-9	6-15	3-5	12-15	96.2	98.5	-2.3	Won 1	4-6 &nbsp;	Cleveland	15	23	.395	16	8-12	7-11	3-4	8-17	94.1	98.3	-4.1	Won 2	4-6 &nbsp;	Detroit	15	26	.366	17&nbsp;½	12-11	3-15	2-7	11-18	89.3	95.2	-5.8	Won 3	6-4
Andy1178::We are winning too many games to get Anthony Davis. He is going to be a Bobcat. Jordan couldn't even screw up that pick. You have to start thinking of guys like Thomas Robinson
trademarktaz::yea i think the nba draft lottery is fixed anyway, like when d-rose went to the bulls and ewing to the knicks and irving to the cavs. nets will get the top pick you just wait and see.
Andy1178::The reason this team is 15-26 goes back to the summer of Joe D deciding it was better to blow like 70 million or whatever on Charlie and Ben, instead of waiting ONE more year for that tight Free Agent Class. It was not like that offseason he spent the money, they were going to be a division contender anyway. I hate doing the hindsight thing and trust me Joe Dumars the PLAYER was my idol, but efffing hell he has made some awful decisions as GM. Build around Stuck, Knight, Monroe, Jerebko and dump the rest of the team. I am really hoping we can get Robinson or whatever from Kansas.
CheerstoLilWayne::wow...do you really think top tier free agents want to come to Detroit? No. Lebron, D-Wade, Bosh, Dirk, Boozer, Johnson, and Stoudemire weren't coming. every INTELLIGENT person knew that. Joe knew that and knew he had to act NOW.
HateBrass::Draft yancy Gates to shore up the middle and let ben Wallace get him in shape.  Keep Jason Maxiel as our bench garbage man. Keep Knight, Monroe, Stuckey, Jerebko and Maxiel and ship the rest away.
XstreamINsanity::Detroit is not a Free Agent hot spot, who wants to come to Detroit.  That's the biggest issue.  Secondly, you have to show free agents that you have the talent to help them out.  At the time, we didn't.  And at the time, Ben Gordon was an awesome sixth man and Charlie V....sorry, can't say much there, that was a blunder.  Ben Gordon comes here and has to compete with Rip and he has his first major injury of his career.  This year, he's been quite efficient, but Knight and Stuckey are playing so well he's not getting many minutes.  And you also have to think, without those pickups, we would have been better and might not have Monroe and Knight.
Ruediculous::Like any of those players wanted to come to Detroit in the first place? Come on...
trademarktaz::what you don't consider is that we've slowly been adding good young talent to this team. charlie v and ben gordon's contracts will be easy cap money for us and we'll have plenty of good young talent.
BobbyDon8::yeah but if they get lucky and get anthony davis they can slide monroe over to the 4 and max can bring his energy off the bench again
gri400::basically everyone saw that the pistons messed up with signing charlie and ben, no hindsight needed, teams with cap space (the pistons then) should have waited
BobbyDon8::if they get lucky they can get anthony davis and slide monroe over to the 4 and have max bring the energy off the bench again
Ruediculous::Look at Charlie V's boxing out skills!
trademarktaz::yay its the return of charlie v! epic game
gri400::I'm not happy at all with this game, but the important thing for the raptors was to ease bargs back into the lineup, i think he is around 20 minutes right now with OK stats. Seeing him heathly for the raps makes this game a good moral win (again really REALLY not a good game team wise). Hoping jose is not seriously hurt as well, it would be nice to have a healthy team for once, even if they still wont win much
Ruediculous::Charlie V is garbage.
trademarktaz::we're going to keep him and ben gordon. their large contracts will be ultra valuable in their last year or two. we will have a lot of young cheap talent by then and then cap money to spend
Ruediculous::God, what a terrible signing.
BobbyDon8::just amnesty him or they could trade him for somebody and his bloated contract would look like an expiring one because the other team can amnesty him
MansGame5313::hope they can find someone to ship him to he doesn't even have a place in the rotation anymore get rid of the guy
BobbyDon8::amnesty
Andy1178::can someone tell me why Coach Frank Hates Austin Daye? He is not an All Star caliber player, but how you expect him to improve and become an asset when all he does is wave a towel and pass out gatorade
trademarktaz::he got minutes around the time the pistons were 4-20. his lack of defense and intensity put him on the bench. pistons have won ever since.
PrinceofDetroit28::If they wanted to play Austin Daye they shouldn't have resigned Prince and signed Wilkins. You have to earn minutes. Knight and Monroe both have.
trademarktaz::good win for us pistons fans now if only we can knock down shots more than 1 in 40 games :)
PrinceofDetroit28::Charlie V should never play for the Pistons again.
drewg1984::Time for the scrubs: Austin Daye, C. Villanueva and Vernon Macklin
gri400::the time for that was halftime, game has never been close
drewg1984::Looked like Jonas hit a 3
aydenjames67::pistons easy win
TigersMichFan111::Knicks fading, pistons looking a lot better, it would be nice to watch a det-chi first round even though we would lose
pastelpaul::Linn kicked butt with second team. Now it's ball hog Melo and oddly ineffective Amare and the team sucks like before. The stars don't play with the same intensity for the knicks. It's not Linn's fault. He is still scoring and getting assists. The team lacks chemistry. All the GM's get suckered into trying to get superstars after that Heat 'decision'. It's a disaster. Build your team with guys who play hard and are hungry, not just hungry for the limelight.
trademarktaz::he's still the only harvard hooper to ever do anything good in the nba
drewg1984::What, with their ----- in the armor headline?
PrinceofDetroit28::Too much hype and pressure. Poor kid couldn't live up to what they were putting out.
gri400::maybe the constent hype and attention (therefore pressure) put on him
PrinceofDetroit28::ESPN helped crush Lin, good job ESPN.
BobbyDon8::pistons kicking some $@% loving it
drewg1984::Don't look now.  Only 22 down.
TigersMichFan111::The pistons might make a return to the playoffs, only 3.5 out
trademarktaz::the pistons won't make the playoffs i don't see it happening. pistons will draft perry jones.
TigersMichFan111::It would just be nice to see them in the playoffs
BobbyDon8::agree with all 3 yall
Ruediculous::All true fans want to see their teams win.
gri400::thats why i said it would be good to see but would it be <i> better </i>for them?
gri400::gotta ask if you think it would be worth it, sure it would be nice for them to get back in but wouldnt it be better for the pistons to be in the lottery, same for the raptors (though i dont have to worry bout them making the playoffs)
PrinceofDetroit28::I would rather be in the lottery I guess.....
drewg1984::Best game I've seen the Pistons play in 4 years.
MansGame5313::Real talk if Toronto was up for it i would take Amir back
trademarktaz::amir johnson is the raptors all time leader in FG%
gri400::i'm not going to check and see if thats true (i do believe you though) because that is just depressing if it is true
PrinceofDetroit28::That's a fun stat.
PrinceofDetroit28::Amir for Charlie V straight up. Lol
gri400::go for it, he's all yours
trademarktaz::when we had a 75 year old antonio mcdysse he was better than amir
jlwatts1917::Are they really gonna make the poor Raptors play the 4th quarter?
gri400::of course, gotta at least hope they can earn some of their money
trademarktaz::as a detroiter i will admit toronto has better looking women but a ugly sports scene
yabbadetroit716::Umm red wings own leafs in hockey
gri400::sports sence is brutal, but at least the jays dont suck, every other team does though
PrinceofDetroit28::Well besides hockey.
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::Wallace &gt; Toronto    In scoring that is
DetKoolAid::@metsnlchamps what are you talking about?
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::Ben Wallace in... No more points
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::Nice catch Jonas hahaha
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::Air tight D now... Get yourself in the realm of possibility before the 4th
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::16 before the 4th anyone?
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::Detroit thought they put this game away too soon... Toronto has life
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::When your opponent is up 30 and still hustling more than you its time to clean house... Toronto is laughed at by Cleveland in basketball and baseball
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::Barbosa... Another Nash creation that has been exposed since departing...
trademarktaz::add mike dantoni to that list
gri400::he got the biggest boast of them all
gri400::pretty much anyone who played on the suns from 2005 on
PrinceofDetroit28::Amare!
gri400::there is a long list of those by now
PrinceofDetroit28::Boris Diaw anybody?
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::See that help D Toronto? Learn how to do it
gri400::how many games of theirs have you seen this year? their D has been great this year... for once
trademarktaz::the raptors have been good two times in their life and then vince carter and chris bosh realized where they were at and fled the country
Sandy_Hanson50948::Toronto Raptors vs. Detroit Pistons   randomly found this site with winners:   http://bit.ly/xoUlwE
metsnlchampsxxxxx2012::Its not the score Toronto should be ashamed of but rather the lathargic play... These guys could care less on D
gri400::...and the score, ashamed of the score too
