deathtofudge::Got some Clipper "fans" trolling on here... why don't you guys go back to your mom's basement, slip into your kobe jerseys (you know you got one), dream of days gone by, and STHU.
AGermanTaco::Paul Millsap----&gt; Nets
Wombat1247::The last 2 games is solid proof that the Jazz front office need to be on the phones now  The only players not to trade - Favors &amp; Kanter - everyone should be available if the trade inproves the team
inityminiwur::Zach Randolph versus Al Jefferson was a matchup between two of the best post players in the league. Zach won this one.
Kev0100::have been using a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. Im making between 2-3K a month profit using this system. If you search google for sports betting systems you can find the system. If you bet on sports at all you gotta take a look at this.
lurpinator::We're doing a postgame report at http://ustre.am/7bg7 come and check it out!
Kayla_Giants27::Tough loss.
k_nak::I wonder if Favors is ever going to live up to that #3 draft pick?
Enes Kanter owns Dwight Howard::Hard to live up to anything when you get 20 minutes a game
Kayla_Giants27::Yeah!! When he gets minutes he plays well!
jeff050578::Favors will be a beast when he gets more playing time.I think they want to give the minutes to Milsap and Jefferson for now so they have better numbers which will make their trade value higher. In the long run Favors will be Utahs starting PF and he will live up to his high draft pick.
Serg Abaka::He is already 100% up to it. When he gets the minutes he plays amazing. Not sure if there is another player from that draft that I would take over him
Kobe - The Brick Factory - Bryant::<b>Memphis Grizzlies: Official B.itch of the LA Clippers</b>
Grindhouse2413::Needed that win. Some very winnable home games this week. Let's keep it rolling Griz Nation. Great third quarter. That was the grit and grind all the way!
eric-bledsoe-666::clippers&gt;memphis
Griss13ears::Just stop
dahojas::I am so tired of seeing Al take up minutes for Favors and Kanter. Kanter was on tonight and didn't get to play.  What more do you have to do to be perfect from the floor? I sincerely hope that Al will be traded soon.
scow79::Signed
kevininOKC67::I have been using a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. Im making between 2-3K a month profit using this system. If you search google for sports betting systems you can find the system. If you bet on sports at all you gotta take a look at this.
supe540::Not easy to go into Salt Lake and win.  Griz are the real deal.
larrybird77::10 points??
JuMueller::Best team name combination: The Memphis Utah Jizzlies
roy2daboy::2-0 against your Jazz this season pal.
sportfanatik23::grizz
JuMueller::The Memphis Utah Jizzlies
1sportslove12::Funny
lll__::So why is Demarre getting 20+ minutes/gm while Burks sits?  And if the Jazz were so tired in the second half, why didn't Corbin play Kanter/Favors more?
1sportslove12::His hustle and pretty good defense. Corbin is kind of an Idiot sometimes.
scow79::Yeah who needs another guy who can break down defenses with his dribble penetration.  Better to have the guy who gets one steal a game and can't shoot.
JuMueller::1st answer: Corbin  2nd answer: Because they are not "veterans"
emthomasjr::Man, we needed this one BADLY!
pedrobear1::Wroten doing well in the D-league but cant shoot free throws
emthomasjr::I guess that's what happens when  you share a DLeague team with two other teams, huh?  I would love the opportunity to help develop a regional team for the Grizzlies.  Either in Little Rock, AR, or Jackson, MS or maybe Jackson, TN.
emthomasjr::Why is he not starting?
roy2daboy::Well he needs to work on that before he comes back.
pedrobear1::really he can't shoot at all except for tonight
Agent_Provoc::he was always bad at those
roy2daboy::So this Mueller guy on here a Laker fan?
roy2daboy::I see.
JuMueller::was at the jazz lakers game last sunday. their fans' tears will sustain me for millenia
JuMueller::sorry blame roy2daboy, not me
1sportslove12::I was hoping nobody would bring up the Lakers.
etony336::No, he's a Jazz fan.
Agent_Provoc::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=ch4vc3k  is this funny?
1sportslove12::Novak is the ultimate white basketball player, Dorky as hell but he can shoot lights out.
Agent_Provoc::Minnesota would assemble a decent group of white guys. And utah could draft  Stockton's son whenever he leaves Gonzaga, find a new Karl Malone, and get Jerry Sloan.
scow79::He's already left Gonzaga and I believe he's playing in Germany.  He was on Utah's summer league team.
1sportslove12::Don't talk about Hollinger to the Grizz fans, thats the new guy in town.
scow79::I'm thinking Hollinger's analysis is based purely on PER
Agent_Provoc::they don't really use jimmer, and he should leave anyway.
Everyday im Shufflin 290::Kings will say no to that trade
etony336::Why would the Kings ever do that?
roy2daboy::I don't care what the Grizzlies did in Vancouver or what they have done in the past 11 years in Memphis, all I care about is the now and what the future looks like.  Right now, it's looking pretty bright so you might as well break out your shades.
1sportslove12::The Grizz  will never get the respect they deserve because they've always been bottom dwellers.. .. they have to make people forget how $@%!$@ they used to be.
emthomasjr::I agree, but the cool thing is that winning changes that, and the current roster that the Grizzlies has will enable a good amount of winning.
minifarmgirl12::or send the jazz back to new orleans for eric gordon and the pelicans mascot
JuMueller::etony336 - Past history means nothing.  Someone just showed why they have a worthless opinion.
etony336::Kareem and Magic haven't helped the Lakers win one game this year.
JuMueller::sorry not interested in whatever funky pedo se.x you are interested in
etony336::How old are you?
JuMueller::keep crying
etony336::No, I'm not. I actually find you kind of amusing.
JuMueller::u mad bro?
etony336::And if past history is as meaningful as you say it is, you and your 0 championships are a lot less than mediocre.
JuMueller::Toodles
etony336::Have a good night.
JuMueller::LOL, as if people on the internet taking me seriously in a ESPN comment board should be a priority in anyone's life. Let the butthurt flow through you, celts fan
etony336::A mothers basement joke? Wow, I've never heard that before. Good night. I hope the Jazz do well, but you really should stop being such a troll if you want people to take you seriously.
JuMueller::Celtics fan acting like he knows the proper definition of ironic. Have fun in your mother's basement like the virgin neckbeard you are
etony336::You should work on your command of the English language before trying to insult others' intelligence. It comes off as kind of ironic if you don't.
JuMueller::dang, celtic fan high as fuq claiming he has intelligence and shi.t LOL
etony336::I was trying to have an intelligent basketball discussion, but that clearly isn't happening. It's deteriorated into name calling and foolishness. Have a good night.
JuMueller::oh, he mad
etony336::I'm not angry.
JuMueller::let the anger flow through u fgt
etony336::What does that have to do with anything?
JuMueller::LOL do u even lift?
etony336::First of all, stop liking your own posts. Second of all, this is the 2012-13 season. Anything that happened previously doesn't affect whether a team is good or bad THIS YEAR.
1sportslove12::Send Jefferson to the New Orleans Pelicans for Eric Gordon.
1sportslove12::Don't trade Hayward he will always be a good sixth man.
scow79::Problem is, Hayward struggles to play with Big Al.   Hayward needs touches and he doesn't get them with the starting lineup.
etony336::He should be a starter. He has a well rounded game. Foye is much better suited for bringing energy and scoring off the bench.
scow79::A good sixth man who rarely gets sixth man minutes.   Woot woot!
1sportslove12::Starting Five: Kanter Millsap  Ma W E. Gordon Mo W
scow79::Who said anything about trading Hayward?
minifarmgirl12::hornets get al jeff and hayward, that would be win win deal in my O
makbruins::now why would we want another guard? we're already crowded at that position as is, why make it worse? if anything get a 3 that'll play some good D. I don't mind Big Al, but he needs to learn how to pass the ball off when he gets doubled. if he'd do that we have so many more wide open looks from the 3...as a team that has several that can knock them down.
etony336::If Eric Gordon doesn't want to be in New Orleans, what makes you think he wants to be in Utah?
scow79::So you're telling me you wouldn't want Eric Gordon because the Jazz already have Randy Foye?    Dumbest comment of the night.
etony336::Play Hayward at the 3.
etony336::The Hornets would do that in a heartbeat.
minifarmgirl12::i think it's a good trade, but the hornets will have monsters in the paint and no guards
etony336::It's an Austin Rivers/Greivis Vasquez backcourt now. They just know they messed up with the Gordon signing.
minifarmgirl12::lopez, davis, anderson, and al jeff... that is deep for an austin rivers greivis vazquez back-court
1sportslove12::I am pretty sure if Gordon gets on a winning team with a bright future he'll want to play.
pedrobear1::you want a max player that doesn't even play?
scow79::He's not going to sit out for the next 3 years.   Still wouldn't solve the Jazz' PG problems though.
etony336::Big Al is gone after the season. You'd be stuck with Gordon for three more years.
scow79::To get rid of Big Al?   In a heartbeat.
C92400::Relief from the Memphis Louisville game today. Still can't get over the refs in it. Good win Grizzlies!
etony336::JuMueller Ignore One playoff series win in 17 years is garbage. Barely beats out the clippers and bobcats --- Explain to me how it is Marc Gasol and Rudy Gay's fault that Big Country couldn't lead the Vancouver Grizzlies to the promised land. This should be good.
Agent_Provoc::I will, because Utah sucks and Jefferson &amp; Millsap will not be there.
JuMueller::Your tears sustain me! The Jazz will only get better once the black hole leaves
Agent_Provoc::The Grizzlies have a better chance of winning a playoff series though, for the next four years at least.
etony336::No, I'm not blind. If I were blind, I wouldn't know that the Grizzlies were better than mediocre. Past history means nothing. You sound like a Yankees/Canadiens fan. Give it up.
JuMueller::etony336: I noticed you completely ignored my question about the 2010-11 Thunder. and i noticed you must be blind The Thunder/Zombiesonics have quite the respectable franchise. They were in severe rebuilding stages between dominant stages of their history. Note: Won 6 playoff series in the same period of time as your Grizzlies in that stretch. Note 2: Grizzlies are a pathetic franchise
JuMueller::They won many playoff series just got to the finals in the wrong years (AKA MJ era) I'm saying grizzlies still do not qualify as a good team until they get at least to the conference finals at least once in their franchise history
etony336::I noticed you completely ignored my question about the 2010-11 Thunder.
etony336::That's like me saying the Jazz suck because Stockton and Malone never won anything.
JuMueller::and ever
etony336::Don't even bother trying to talk sense into this dude. He automatically thinks I'm a Grizzlies fan because I disagree that the 2012-13 Grizzlies are mediocre because of the lack of success when the franchise was in Vancouver.
JuMueller::Keep telling yourself that.
JuMueller::Someone's butthurt LOL! This is one of Utah's worst points in their franchise history yet they still have won 2 playoff series in the last 6 years, compared to the grizzlies (just rudy gay and marc gasol era) 1 playoff series win in the last 6 years (with another 11 years winless before that). Not much room to talk trash with pathetic franchises like yours. Let's see if any cute grizz fans have anything to say about that to lessen their tears tonight. P.S. I like your team, but acknowledge its pathetic history
etony336::You still think I'm a Grizzlies fan huh? LOL  I'm a Celtics fan. And we ARE a mediocre team, despite our recent success. Past history means nothing.
JuMueller::The Thunder/Zombiesonics have quite the respectable franchise. They were in severe rebuilding stages between dominant stages of their history. Note: Won 6 playoff series in the same period of time as your Grizzlies in that stretch. Note 2: Grizzlies are a pathetic franchise
etony336::Did the OKC Thunder have a terrible team in 2010-11?
JuMueller::1 playoff series win ever makes sense to me for why Memphis has a garbage team
etony336::I'm not a Grizzlies fan. Your argument just makes absolutely no sense.
Agent_Provoc::Shareff Abdur-Rahim should have been a better player, its his fault too.
1sportslove12::Bad Back?
minifarmgirl12::van exel's fault
1sportslove12::Dont forget about Shareef Abdur-Rahim
etony336::Or Steve Francis's fault.
pedrobear1::<b>BIG COUNTRY</b>
Agent_Provoc::No, it was mike bibby's fault actually.
1sportslove12::.Millsap needs more touches and more minutes, it seems like he can't get into a rhythm when favors is taking some of his minutes. Corbin should have Millsap and Favors at the same time
mikeisildur::They tried that; it was bad.
knight_rider_1983::Big East refs are on the take
Agent_Provoc::Minnesota would probably be willing to trade for Gordon Heyward or Jimmer Fredette. An all white starting lineup. Almost an all white team. lol  Pekovic - Stiemsma Love Kirilenko - Shved Shved - Heyward - Fredette Rubio - Barea - Fredette
pedrobear1::Zbo had a great game but Conley and the bench were the difference makers. We're going to get a good performance scoring-wise from either Zbo or Rudy just about every game. Marc is pretty consistent, but he's not a scorer nor always aggressive. We need Mike to be involved and something from the bench. And we can play like we did in the second half for the rest of the season.
gcd8::grizz lost by 10 at home to hawks recently i would say tha'ts a blow out
roy2daboy::Seems like the reverse from last Saturday.  Tigers won and the Grizz lost.  Grizz win tonight and the Tigers lose.    Maybe they shouldn't be playing on the same day for my sanity.
emthomasjr::No, that's why they make all those different flavors of Sam Adams.
knight_rider_1983::lol
1sportslove12::Corbin is like the Gordon Hayward of coaching, too inscosistent .
JuMueller::I think CJ Miles is a better comparison
mikeisildur::and super, super white
minifarmgirl12::and inexperienced
minifarmgirl12::golden st is really surprising me this year, i thought their lack of defense would haunt them to a losing record
DevastatorBonesJones::jazz are pathetic, they just gave up
wunderrr::thats what i thought too in last 5min, only 10 down but already gave up
JuMueller::Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin Fire Corbin
1sportslove12::Make that extra $@%!$ pass Jefferson!
Griss13ears::Bears.
knight_rider_1983::Go Memphis
BoulderCreekNV27holes::This Jazz team really stinks!!
pedrobear1::An effiecent Conley makes a huge difference, Zbo was beast tonight and someone didn't take Marc out of the game. Nice win all around
gcd8::grizz need like one more piece a 3 point shooter, should trade for novak which knicks wouldn't give up or denvers gallo
Agent_Provoc::yes, someone like him
gcd8::jj reddick would work
Agent_Provoc::They don't even need him. They would do fine with Landry fields. They just play so many grind out games.
SwollCracker::Nugs wouldnt give up galo..JJ is headed to the Nugs at least in my dreams
gcd8::they already got a 4 and 5 man need somebody who can shoot
etony336::Bargs CAN shoot. That's all he can do. He doesn't rebound, play defense, or do anything else. He just takes long jumpers. That's it.
etony336::How about Bargnani? He's available, and probably pretty cheap too.
Agent_Provoc::maybe a 2 that can shoot &amp; defend. Memphis does a defensive 2 guard by committee though.
Agent_Provoc::Jefferson - last year of a 15 mil contract Millsap - last year of an 8.5 mil contract  Houston could use Millsap, Cleveland or Miami could use Jefferson.  They can't keep both of them can they?
etony336::They wouldn't even if they could because of Favors and Kanter.
JuMueller::Corbin will damn sure try to keep them here to keep young talent on the bench
JuMueller::Reasons for today's loss: 1. Corbin 2. Corbin 3. Tinsley 4. Corbin 5. Tinsley 6. Horrible defense 7. Jefferson 8. Tinsley 9. Corbin 10. Memphis' mediocrity outshone ours
etony336::If Memphis is mediocre, what does that say about the 24 teams that have a worse record than they do?
JuMueller::One playoff series win in 17 years is garbage. Barely beats out the clippers and bobcats
etony336::And one that just smacked your team around like a pimp at that.
etony336::They are a young team, dude.
JuMueller::how does only one playoff series win ever qualify anything more than mediocre at best?
etony336::You can't be serious. They have the best passing big man in the game, a double-double machine at PF, the best defensive backcourt in the league...and I hear Rudy Gay is pretty good too.
rbmw263::dont be stupid they were a 4 seed last year
JuMueller::early in the season, Memphis will bounce back to the middle or bottom of the standings like they always do
minifarmgirl12::lol i know right
1sportslove12::The two man game between Jefferson and Mo has no creativity, while they are trying to execute it , everybody is standing around....It bogs the whole offense down.  Corbin needs to put his foot in jefferson A S S make him pass the rock quicker.
The Sweedish Fish::Sorry about all the Timberwolves trolls out. We are actually really nice people. It is just really cold here and it keeps us inside and some of us have nothing better to do after getting drunk...
Tyler BarnesMNSports::I think the Grizzlies are for real this year. ESPN never seems to talk about them though, all they care about is LA, Miami and NY
roy2daboy::That serves as motivation.  Play the disrespect card.
some dude from somewhere::have a ton of respect for the grizzlies.  this team was built from the ground up and are insane.  would love to see them play us in the conference finals.  (Wolves fan)
mikeisildur::wolves are gonna miss the playoffs
some dude from somewhere::think what you want.  i disagree.  they're doing well for a team that has been injury prone so far this season.
