Tastemeplz::Klay Thompson cold and Curry out tonight, but almost won the game. Can't complain I guess.  Iguodala needs to try harder on offense if the guards aren't lighting it up. Seven attempts is not an adequate effort.  Bogut is completely useless on offense.
Gary R::I wonder as the season goes in critical situations on how many times Bogut would be on the court for offense?  Curry was out tonight so it was,  Lee Barnes Iguodala Thompson  Bogut  Basically with Curry available it's a matter if you put Bogut out there or Barnes? Tonight Bogut twice had the ball in the paint the last minute or so. He clanked one push hook and threw a bad pass the next time from the same spot in the lane because the previous clanked shot was on his mind. Offensively he's not so confident right now.
Joel::The Warriors have had  a great start to the season.  Resting Curry is the smart thing to do right now.  This game isn't that important but his long-term health is...without him we have a good team that can make the play-offs...with him, the sky is the limit.  Unfortunately, I think managing his ankle sprains is going to be a career long thing that the team is going to have to find the best approach for since this isn't going to be the last time it happens.  Anyway, I think we can win this game without him...Klay is playing great and Barnes is back...still got Lee, Iggy and Bogut to put out there too.
Harvey::Warriors should have won this game tonight. Warriors on the way up and Spurs on the way down. Spurs as a team are the biggest floppers in the NBA.
Anton::Duncan touched the net at the end. That is goaltending Iggy should protest that.
Be+::Good job, Tony Douglas.  I hope he has a great year.  I liked the way he played when he was with the Rockets.  I like both Spurs & Golden State and not surprised this was a close game.
Clyde::don't hate spurs are great
Pathfinder::Go Spurs!    Spurs has a 5 and 1 record and GS  has a 4 and 2 record, And Harry thinks that the Warriors are a better team.  Where were they last year all you Spurs Haters. Cry all you want, Warriors will be home again during the playoff, were they are more at home, watching the Spurs in the Playoff.
brian::warriors need to flop more like the spurs
PKM::I hope one of these teams comes out of the west.
