fvlakers2011::i HOPE THE LAKER FANS..RIP DWAYNE WAYDE
hotshizzle502::Looks like Dane thinks he is an NBA analyst..sad life when your on the heat bandwagon and you comment on every post on a lakers game
Kennyprager::I scrolled through the posts and put Dane the FREAK in his place....just a loser looking for some attention while he is stroking it to his PORN....
hotshizzle502::dude needs to realize nobody cares about his opinion. Stop replying to every comment made on here and get a life
flopsisback::.
flopsisback::I think it's funny that Dane feels insecure FOR Wade. Classic transference.
Kennyprager::He has a mancrush on Wade....
8SportMan::Bynum clearly outplayed cousins last night
flopsisback::Dane actually thinks the flopping, grabbing Wade is better than Kobe??? Even while flailing hard enough to break Kobe's nose, Wade still had a huge handful of jersey in his other hand...and let's not mention how many games Wade misses due to "injury"...
Jesse Brent3214::LAKERS LAKERS LAKERS!!!!! FINDING THEIR CHEMISTRY!! THEY'RE LOOKIN GOOD!!! BACK IN SHAPE!!! I THINK THEY'LL DO GOOD IN THE FINALS!!!! THEY WILL MAKE IT!! HELL YEA!!! LET'S GO TEAM!!!!! KOBE WILL REMAIN A LAKER FOREVER!!!!!
fact-ova-emotion::which team fan keeps bringing up trade kobe when trades come up, r u mentally $@%!$@%! or something, as of now, and the past few yrs he's been the lakers...they decided that when shaq left, trade yoself lol
fact-ova-emotion::i cant agree, i told people if lebron wanted a championship last yr he could have came 2 the lakers and been pippen....if wade was / is better then kobe they should have no problem winning a championship last yr/ this yr...........and if they dnt win this yr then wow, some player wade iz b/c bron iz waaaay better then gasol as a so called #2 option for a championship team i'd say
fact-ova-emotion::yea but u dnt trade kobe, its crazy people keep saying he only got a good 2 or 3 yrs left....get outta here, , leading league in scoring, and i really believe he gonna take home the scoring record this yr..... he's still #1sg in league srry wade iz not, and if lakers get howard or another superstar 2 take off pressure (pg), he's still top 5 player 4 yrs from now my opinion
Kennyprager::Love how Dane LIKES his own posts:)
Dane Kitazaki::sorry bro not with u on the best sg.  wade has been the best sg for quite sometime now.
Dane Kitazaki::Nobody would bite Kobes untradeable with that salary
Kennyprager::Love how Dane LIKES his own posts:)
Rob Mohr::Im just happy that we have a SUPERSTAR that is willing to take the game winning shot... and most times make it.
treytrey783::He's still one of the most dangerous closers in the NBA
fact-ova-emotion::i didn't knw game winners only meant playoffs , my bad u got me, smh
Kennyprager::Love how Dane LIKES his own posts:)
ocsouthsider::only thing that matters is rings kobe 5 lebum a big fat "0"
ohmesohawny::but he often doesnt take the shot... as evidenced versus the jazz  thats like saying someone who is 1/2 in the clutch is better than someone who is 8/19 just because their 50% is higher
Dane Kitazaki::this link above is for all last second shots. smh, Lebrons gotta better percentage
Dane Kitazaki::http://82games.com/gamewinningshots.htm
Kennyprager::Love how Dane LIKES his own posts:)
8SportMan::that data is 5 yrs old which means its now irrelevant get some current data.
fact-ova-emotion::yea he never makes it thats Y people have never  labled him best closer or best clutch ever, people r jus wrng huh??
Kennyprager::I remember tons against Philly, Portland, Celtics, Orlando.....the list goes on MORON!!!
Dane Kitazaki::The stats dont lie, hes below league average.  and umm i think Jordan has all those labels.  Name one shot Kobe made in a playoff situation.  thats right u cant think of one.  most of Kobes game winners are in the regular season.
Rob Mohr::Dane your exactly right, he doesn't ever make the game winner....
Kennyprager::And Rob...you are a moron
Dane Kitazaki::No he dont make it most times.  Kobe has a below average percentage on last second shots.
Kennyprager::Love how Dane LIKES his own posts:)
ocsouthsider::and lebums percentage is 0%
Joined the Heat Bandwagon::BOSH&gt;DWIGHT HOWARD
the_jonz::more like "trollwagon" well played.
ohmesohawny::id take howards corny antics over bosh's constant roaring after every open dunk
treytrey783::You must be a bandwagoner - you don't know anything about stats or the game.
fact-ova-emotion::man i hope lakers can pull this nxt one off, we haven't beat the heat since the big 2.3 got together lol
the_jonz::won't even be that on Sunday, it'll just be 2.
fact-ova-emotion::hahaha oh yea 4 sure on that........
Dane Kitazaki::But can we agree on boozer and johnson lol
Kennyprager::no one else is laughing out loud to your posts Dane
fact-ova-emotion::maybe u right, but i jus dont see him as a superstar, well he not a superstar, he as allstar though for sure......aww and they said it b4 about the lakers but it didn't stick, but really doesn't matter, we didn't need that lable for last recent 2 rings, , i only remember 1 big 3 winning it all anyways and that was boston,
fact-ova-emotion::u crazy, do u knw how over paid that guy is.....him and joe johnson gots 2 b the 2 worst max contract players i could think of, didn't say he suck, but he aint better then both,
Dane Kitazaki::well by calling him .3 i dont know how ur not saying he sucks.  But first of all  Bosh is not a max contract player, the big three all took a few million less a season.  second he is a good team defender and an exellent scorer when needed his shots go down when all three are playing but when he had to carry the load he did.  Third agree with joe johnson, but the worst player other than joe is boozer.  and finally the fact that he is a part of the big three proves he is an elite player and is better than gasol and bynum, othewise theyd say the lakers has a big three as well wouldnt they?
Dane Kitazaki::Diss Bosh all u want but Bosh &gt; gasol/ bynum
Kennyprager::Idiot
Dane Kitazaki::Kobe looks like a turnstile on defense and he keeps making first team all-defense.  I thought it was supposed to be on merit not seniority.
Kennyprager::Another unintelligent post!!!
zachrlee::Wow. Kobe seems to be playing a lot better with the mask. Gasol should get one too; he might just start blocking shots.
fact-ova-emotion::im sending out a hit on fisher and mwp 2 get broken noses 2 hahaha
Dane Kitazaki::we will soon see chucker kobe 10-26 25 points 3 assists 3 rebs something like that.
Kennyprager::Dane....why are you such a dumb human being?  How could anyone in their right mind go after the current number 5 scorer in the NBA of all time?  You are such a clueless bimbo....
Dane Kitazaki::Lakers fans are wussies, they still complaining about wades foul.  Kobes fine with it, wade apologized.  If u look at the replay it was incidental.  If theres any foul that was a cheap shot, it was bynums on lil jj barea.  u guys dont wanna talk about that play huh?  a guy picking on another guy half his size?  at least wade fouled a bigger guy.
Kennyprager::Dane....I would be glad to break your nose and see you cry like a wussie.....
PekingDunk::I hear people are comparing ASG to playoffs.
Kennyprager::Dane...you are telling US to look at a replay as a "Basketball fan" and not a "Lakers fan"  while you are the most subjective hypocrite on here!!!
jdgarcia2004::omg? gtfo
Dane Kitazaki::Well u just a laker fan if u can even justify bynums play.  It doesnt belong at any level.  Take a good look at the replay as a basketball fan and not a laker fan, wade only had his arms extended.  he didnt have any downward force.  it was just a freak play
PekingDunk::Bynum's foul Context: Playoffs Reasoning: Frustration and immaturity  Wade's foul Context: All-star game Reasoning: ???  Kobe aired his problem with Shaq because Shaq aired his problems with Kobe.  Neither player took the "high road" in their feud.  And of course Kobe wouldn't make a big deal out of this, Wade apologized.  (Which occurred after Kobe was diagnosed with mild concussion...)
Dane Kitazaki::Wow, woohoo u guys blasted bynum in the forums!!! woo hoo, something he wont read, people still crying on TV on espn about d-wade.  There is no "context" or "reasoning" behind bynums foul.  While in the play-offs there are harder basketball fouls, but not a non basketball foul pushing someone in the back while hes in the air and 100 lbs lighter than u.  Wades foul wasnt that hard, he only had his arms out it just connected with kobes nose.  Like i said Kobe is fine with it, shouldnt we all.  Kobe has no problems airing his problems, for example saying that he dont like the suns, shaq is fat and lazy, etc.  if he felt it was malicious he would say so.
PekingDunk::Setting and context contribute to the reasoning behind fouls.  And Laker fans blasted Bynum for that idiot foul.  You obviously weren't here when that happened.
Dane Kitazaki::Oh ok so Bynums foul was ok because it was in the playoffs?  omg i dont care when it happens it was a flat out cheapshot
lvlr_l3anks::and for the record, he's not smaller. Wade is 6'4" 220 and Kobe is 6'6" 205.
Dane Kitazaki::I hear crying
lvlr_l3anks::I don't hear that, I hear people just wondering out loud if something will happen.
BlazeGood::MAVERICK 2011 CHAMPIONS!
Kennyprager::Yup......old news already!!!!
Pirate Nation32::Kobe is a legit ballhog
Kennyprager::Pirare....and you are a legit IDIOT!!!!
Dane Kitazaki::SMH, justify all u want, we all know it was a crooked trade.  At least u know shaq was the alpha dog.  But Kobe keeps sying 5 rings like its on the same level as jordans 6 but its not.  Because he wasnt the main guy for the first three.  jordan can say 6 because he was the man for 6, kobe was the man for 2, he was second fiddle for the first three.  But he keeps saying it.  if ring count was the only thing that matters then horry is the greatest player in the past 25 years.  This is how u should measure, NBA finals MVP's jordan 6, duncan -3, shaq -3 , kobe 2.  and u can say  if kobe wasnt there, but u can also say if horry wasnt there to hit clutch shots, if fisher wasnt there for that miracle shot. etc.
MIZRACH888::with a handful of rings!
Kennyprager::Dane...Jordan played in a WATERED down league when he won his 6 rings...sorry moron~!!!!  The dynasty's of the 80's were already gone and expansion started......You are sooo clueless!!!
Kennyprager::Dane....get laid much?
PekingDunk::Just because Shaq was the alpha dog, didn't mean he didn't get into foul trouble or get fouled out.  If Kobe wasn't there, the Lakers would just be like Orlando Magic when Shaq was with them (Penny Hardaway anyone?).  And about the Gasol trade (yet another banal argument), Grizzlies had been one-and-out playoff team for consecutive years with Gasol as the main man.  Jerry West isn't stupid to think that Memphis is as great of a free agent destination as L.A.  If they wanted premier free agents, they would have to overpay a ton, severely cutting into their roster.  With Gasol taking up a chunk of the Memphis salary, they needed to offload him to get more cap then draft/trade like what San Antonio and OKC have done to build a championship caliber team.  The payoff wasn't immediate, but these things always take time to develop.  Hell, the Houston Rockets had been planning two years before the CP3 trade fiasco to land both Gasol AND Nene.  But because of the veto, Rockets didn't get either player and are now sitting in mediocrity.
Dane Kitazaki::dude shaq was the alpha dog, his nba finals mvps prove it.  Thats why Kobes "5" is hollow in comparison to Jordans 6,  Jordan had 6 nba finals mvps But if we just flashing out numbers i gotta bring up horry.  Kobe was second fiddle to shaq.  He was the mvp in the finals against the magic, but the series against boston, i thought gasol was the steadier player and kobe was shooting too much.  But do u not remember, kobe wants to be the man so shaq leaves, then "his" team sucks balls then he starts crying that he wants talent around him and pouts that he wants to be traded.  Only when he hears he might be traded to Chicago does he back down, because the thought of living in jordans shadow scared him.  Then somehow an ex laker sends a teams best player to the lakers. smh
PekingDunk::Such an overused argument that Shaq and Gasol won the rings for Kobe.  SMH.  During the Lakers run with Shaq, the Eastern Conference was such a joke that WCF was more like the actual finals than the NBA finals.  Since no team in the Eastern Conference had an answer for Shaq, it was natural for Shaq to get the finals MVP while Kobe took the team to the finals.  Before Gasol got to the Lakers the Grizzlies were a one-and-out team every time they reached the playoffs.  Kobe needed Shaq and Gasol just as much as they needed him.  Kobe wasn't riding the coattails of any big man.
Dane Kitazaki::Who u talking to?
lvlr_l3anks::you sir are a   d o u c h e
Dane Kitazaki::courtesy of shaq and gasol/ jerry west
PlayaMade5::and a proven winner, a prolific scorer, underrated rebounder, great in the clutch, and a champion.
lvlr_l3anks::Ever notice Kobe is right there a lot of times when the bigs get the rebounds? Watch a little closer next game. He had 8 last night and could have had 10+ fairly easily.
enarhi::Underrated rebounder?! Dafuq?  I've heard of grasping at straws, but that's another level.
cellus24::Wade said that he didn't mean to hit kobe that hard in the all-star game. Why hit him to begin with that was a straight up $@%!$ move. I hope dog his $@% like he always do him http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZLsl4j6ZSk&amp;feature=channel
Dane Kitazaki::Oh geez man, get over it.  If Kobe is ok with it, wade apologized, whats ur beef?  if u look at the replay he just had his arms out trying to strip the ball and kobe went up into his arms.   let it go already
Kennyprager::I would love to break Dane's nose and see if he gets over it.....
Joined the Heat Bandwagon::HEAT GONNA KILL THE LAKERS ON SUNDAY
Kennyprager::bandwaggon fool....maybe the Heat will win....but until they win a Championship....who cares???
MIZRACH888::A King with a handful of rings VS A King without a ring!
PlayaMade5::We will see, Bynum is going to have to play great if we got a chance, nobody on the Heat can hold him.
Kennyprager::Dane.....fyi....the finals between the Lakers and Orlando Magic a few years back...remember then?  Gasol dominated D. Howard.....short memory you have....
Dane Kitazaki::Gasol contains himself
PekingDunk::They would have to contain both Bynum AND Gasol though.
Dane Kitazaki::I dunno they contained dwight and dwight is much &gt; than bynum
enarhi::Agree, him and Gasol can dominate the Heat low.
PlayaMade5::Tonight is EXACTLY how Kobe should play, in the games before he as chucking up entirely too many 3's, but when he works his mid-range game, he is more productive....Nice Win Lakers, Nice Lost Clippers.....can't wait til Sunday.
supreme91::Im surprised that the Lakers scored 100 for the second straight game
Whats The Spread::s
Whats The Spread::B
Whats The Spread::b
SoonersElite2000::scottpilgrim has to be the biggest loser on these boards
zachrlee::They all talk about trading Gasol or Bynum. How come they've never talked about trading Luke Walton?
treytrey783::Luke Walton is one of the smartest players to ever play the game.  He got rings, he got money...now just head to retirement or broadcast!
Bigmule::HAHAHAHAHAH
mirrorsaw99::They don't trade him because he's awful and no one wants him. Not sure why they aren't using their amnesty on him.
PekingDunk::Because even if they used their amnesty, it still wouldn't solve their salary cap problem.
Troll7833::I been wondering the same thing for years.. The dude sitting pretty making 6 million a year for being a cheerleader... He has 3 rings and has contrbuted zero... Nobody ever mentions him, he never plays, and when he does he sukkksss... Why do the lakers continue to pay this money money !!!! My only guess maybe they have a relationship with his Dade Bill...
jags77777::bossin http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kS2oOP4iXf8
IsaiahFrancis::it's good to see ron artest having a good game  the reason this game was so close is because of the guard play of the kings again this will be the lakers downfall if they don't improve it at least defensively
nimble1771::Come Sunday Kobe,feed the towers inside at will,you will get your shots but to destroy Miami work inside out.. I do hope refs won't interfere with the game.
Bigmule::kobe 12-40 from the field i say oh 35 pts , lebron 29 , wade 27, bosh 22 , would be a heat blowout but the refs will keep the cake show in it as usual, crocodile tears will be flowing from kobe, bynum, and gasol as wade, lebron, norris all slice and dice in the paint, not to mention the 3 pt barrage from the outside as fisher and kobe run around in circles
nunya1218::should be a battle for the ages
jags77777::come june
fanny511::DWADE BETTER BECAREFUL OF RON RON AND BARNES THERE GOING TO BREAK HIS NOSE HE BETTER FAKE AN INJURYT AND NOT PLAY
jags77777::i expect them both to retaliate. there fighting for a starting spot right now
nunya1218::Maybe Barnes.. Ron Ron better be careful because he's not getting another contract haha. Although, he has been playing better
lvlr_l3anks::Playing better, but he still thinks he's a 3-point shooter... I'd bench his $@% until he stopped taking 3's.
the_jonz::story of his life, at least he knows it and mans up to it. That's a start.
workman47::Hahahaha tweeting about that $@%! is exactly why no one likes Lebron James
Dane Kitazaki::i like em
sagarpateltv::MASKED MAMBA ATTACK CONQUER......LECHOKE CHOKES.....PASSES TO HA HA HASLEM?!?
bruins1109::what a joke!
IsaiahFrancis::i think the difference between kobe and lebron is that kobe refuses to believe that he is flawed. though the numbers say kobe isn't as clutch as most, he doesn't accept it and will take that opportunity to win regardless  lebron see's his game is flawed and will avoid it. people have ragged on him for not being clutch and he believes them. thus he doesn't take the shot
enarhi::So Kobe is better because he falls victim to his flaws, thereby costing his team, while LeBron sucks because he recognizes what opportunities are higher percentage and takes whatever option gives the best chance for winning?  Odd conclusion that.  LeBron has a far better record on game winning shots, clutch stats, and team winning percentage in games down the stretch.
the_jonz::Kobe also has the most attempts if I'm not mistaken; obviously your average won't be ridiculously high if you are depended upon to always take the last shot; on top of that everyone and their mama knows it, game plan for it,yet still can't stop it at least half the time
the_jonz::"clutch pass" = does not exist, someone tell LeBron!
Dane Kitazaki::He dont care about missing, he wants to make the right basketball play.  He's not a chucker like Kobe, Kobe has a below average shooting percentage on last second shots.  Lebron isnt timid at all, he was hitting fadeaway threes to bring the heat back in.
PekingDunk::Here's the thing about being clutch.   The player HAS to want the last shot and is not afraid of missing the shot.  Lebron was once a clutch player, but now he isn't considered one because he doesn't want to miss the last shot.  By continually passing instead of shooting, he's losing the public perception of his clutchness regardless of his stats.
workman47::KOBE DOESN'T GIVE A FUKKKKK SUCKAS
jags77777::kobe has been through so much throughout his career, he is probably the most mentally tough athlete we have ever seen. lebron is just a bi*tch, plain and simple. he is scared of the moment, and the criticism
HappyHappyJoyJoy000::gg lakers, kings need to improve on D. Gn all, Go Kings!
jags77777::kobes a boss  lebrons a bit*ch
IsaiahFrancis::kobe needs to work on keeping that fg% closer to 50% like in this game. if he does that and drops his turnovers by 1 or 2 he'd be the scariest player in the league
Troll7833::His hand is hurt... That explains his shooting%.. My gusss the masked mamba will shoot better on second half of season
Laker prince::if you focus on fg% then ur mind is not on what u need to do to your opposition. fans and tv personnel focuses on that. he has won 5 championships and never focused on numbers.
greenstreet4::Kobe hates to lose LeBron is scared to lose
greenstreet4::lebron completely carried his team and single handedly put them in position to win, yet he still passed off the final shot. i almost feel bad for him at this point.
Bigmule::in the playoffs he wont be passing to haslem
greenstreet4::im with you man, i dont get it. even if you miss it just take the damn shot.
workman47::I think it's really weird that he keeps doing this kind of $@%!. He tweets and $@%! all the time, you know he must pay attention to what the media says about him, and you know he wants everyone to love him so god damn much, so why doesn't he just TAKE THE SHOTTTTTTT???
the_jonz::that's exactly his problem though, there's no way out of it if you're a superstar.  LeBron is the living definition of Wayne Gretzky's quote: "You miss 100% of the shot's you don't take".   He will either have to start taking these shots, or be forever labeled a "defer-er". There's really no middle ground, especially if you're a superstar like I said. It just comes with the job title.
jags77777::hes scared that if he misses, the criticism will get worse
jags77777::WHERE ARE ALL THE HEAT FANS NOW. WHERES GLOBAL WARMING 2012?
jags77777::IM HAMMERED
fanny511::LAKERS I GOING TO SMASH MIAMI COME SUNDAY IF ANYBOD THINK OTHER WISE ILL SMASH U
nunya1218::The Heat don't have a prayer of winning at Staples this season. Lakers are too good at home.
The Masked Mamba::(16-2) We ballin'
xxxhawk::kobe latest 'alleged' injury reports: broken nose concussion whip lash pinky injury kobe missed her period
2kobeisgood4::xxx why you keep coming on a lakers tread and talk so much crap
nunya1218::he's jealous of our constant success.. pretty obvious
fanny511::and lebron is alergic to big shots!!
workman47::Remember when DWade was carted off in a wheelchair for a shoulder injury? Oh yeah, he was also literally weeping.
fanny511::LMFAO,paul pierce is an idiot i cant believe he thouht he was the greatest player when they won the title LMFAO HAS HE EVEN BEEN METION AS ONE O THE GREATEST PLAYERS IDTS
workman47::OH GOD AND DON'T GET ME STARTED ON PAUL PIERCE'S "INJURIES"
fanny511::DWADE IS A PANZY?
fanny511::lmfao, a wheelchair for your shoulder? WTF YOU DONT WALK WITH YOUR SHOULDER
The Masked Mamba::Loser. You LOSE
The Masked Mamba::Can't wait to embarrass D-Wade on Sunday
xxxhawk::kobe jock sniffers always the same they must attack players better than kobe. And posters who speak the truth about their boy crush.
fanny511::6 to 8 years left
fanny511::lebrone only has 6 years left! how the heck is he going to catch up to kobe?
the_jonz::LeBron's hair is pulling a Rasheed's Bald Spot!?
workman47::His hair only has 2
fanny511::idk bro, lebron can only win a ring when kobe retires
fanny511::give kobe $1 and he'll give u 4 quarters plus overtime :)
fanny511::give lebron a $1 and he would only give u 3 quarters
the_jonz::heard that SO MANY TIMES ...   and it doesn't  get old or stop being hillarious, cuz it's true! =D
jags77777::i think we can all say that the lakers are tied for the division now and the clipper hysteria should be heading downhill real fast pretty soon
jags77777::watch and learn. lakers own L.A.  always have, always will
jags77777::I AM NOT A $@%!$@, MEXICAN
fanny511::NO MEXICANS OWN L.A
nunya1218::yep, couldn't have started off any worse on the road and are still in the very thick of things thanks to their brilliant, 2nd best in the league home record.
jags77777::nice
fanny511::lebron is the best 1,2,3 qurter player i'll take him anyday over anyone!!!! kobe is the best 4th quarter player.. ill take kobe anyday
greenstreet4::xxxhawk is pretty f***ing dumb
The Masked Mamba::xxxhawk = the biggest LOSER on the planet
greenstreet4::its funny how we said these at the same time. shows how dumb that guy is.
workman47::Kobe is a GOD
xxxhawk::No just a cheap fake imitation.
workman47::flag'd
xxxhawk::kobe = drama queen faker The pattern &amp; history of kobe exaggerating &amp;/or faking injuries is pathetic. Guess all those years alone in his room watching MJ, kobe decided MJ flu game helped make MJ legacy. Like everything else kobe tries to copy. kobe not real just a cheap, fake imitation.
The Masked Mamba::This guy = LOSER
xxxhawk::kobe/laker doctors will say anything they are told, otherwise they are out of a job. Don't any of you kobe jock sniffers ever start to question his alleged injuries? Even Phil Jackson wrote kobe exaggerates &amp; sets up things so he can be the hero.
nunya1218::Yeah, I'm sure the Lakers really wanted Kobe to be diagnosed with a concussion and risk not having him against the Wolves.
workman47::We are not conspiracy theory homos like you. You can go die now.
workman47::You're a huge idiot. PS if any of Kobe's injuries are exaggerated it's the media's fault not his. Also what greenstreet said.
doodadudich::you mad, bro? Kobe wipes his $@% with your favorite team.
greenstreet4::hahahaha. yeah kobes definitely faking a diagnosed nasal fracture and concussion you f***ing idiot!
nunya1218::nope. Kobe is just tougher than any other player ever
jags77777::die in a fire
