bamberg1977::6-22 shooting?   Stuckeys showing improvement! CHUCKER.
seemebright::Just wait till Zach Randolph returns and the Memphis Grizzlies will be a team to be reckoned with
CANNON2016::Can you imagine if they had Zach right now?  They'd be dominant.  I think they actually played better last year with him in and Rudy out.  Not to say they aren't better with both of them playing, but if I had to choose to have just one it would be Zach.
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
michael107114::I keep telling everyone look out for Pondexter, he's just going to get better and better.
The_Boomtown_Rats::love Memphis
Garrett7872::$250 Fantasy Basketball Free Roll League Tomorrow! - Pick Your Team Now http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=jb
JeremyGoogLIN::Who each team should draft - http://hoopsgrind.com/2012/02/25/blogging-through-ncaa-saturday-2-25-12/
Deuce200361::I havnt been able to bring myself to watch one Piston game this year....they are just awful....15 minutes for Gordon and 0 points?  Monroe is the only consistent one on the whole team...how does another team go on a 15-0 run?  Lord.  This coach is so bad...screamed at the top of my lungs not to higher this guy.  Dumars really screwed this up.
jimmythedrop::and the coach keeps them in GREAT JOB..ANOTHER UNEMPLOYED person....cant blame nobama for this one
jimmythedrop::5 points in the last 8:10   my 6 YEAR OLD GIRLS team scores more...ARE YOU KIDDING ME....
Detroit is Better than Chicago::congrats grizzlies. i like the group of guys you have assembled together. when randolph comes back you guys will be a even bigger force.
jimmythedrop::ITS  a shame when a team plays tough then loses by 17....I think memphis had to be playin with pissons because it wasa rough ast 4 minutes  prob worst ive seen in awhile  3-16 on road for a reason..THEY SUC $@%
Lavableman::I watched the game until the Grizzlies led by 1.  What the heck happened?
RCmemphis::grindhouse
Lionsfan1174::OUT
Lionsfan1174::thanks guys, maybe the lottery balls will bounce our way and we'll get Anthony Davis!!! him and Monroe would tear it up!
Ramblescram::Good Game Detroit. Your boys played us strong for 3 quarters. Just need to get a different piece to the puzzle and you'll be good to go.
bballboi33::Pistons in a rebuilding phase and that sucks. I know im a Grizzlies fan but the Pistons will return to dominance one day
NyYankees6830::WWW.FADETHEBOOKIE.C O M....SPORT HANDICAPPING WEBSITE...I OWN THIS SERVICE…MY RECORD IS 176-65-5 IN THE PAST 5 MONTHS...I HAVE OVER 300 MEMBERS AND OVER 10 ACCESS PLANS TO CHOOSE FROM...I WAS THE MANAGER  AT PROCAPPERS BEFORE I WENT SOLO AND OPENED MY OWN SERVICE...REGISTRATION IS FREE...JUST PICK A PACKAGE THAT BEST SUITS YOUR NEEDS…I AM CURRENTLY RUNNING A MONTHLY SPECIAL AND A***EARLY BIRD MLB FULL SEASON PLAN***
DetKoolAid::pistons played tough for a while but Grizz just clearly better, but hey its a win-win, if we have to lose at least it helps for draft positioning
Lionsfan1174::yeah I prefer the progress of getting wins and growing as a team that's more valuable in my mind but if we show strides and at the same time get a high pick I can live with that, realistically we'll probably end up with a pick in the same range as the last years, (7th and 8th overall)
DetKoolAid::trust me if you think this pistons team is the one that will get us back to the promise land then you will be hoping for a while. fact of the matter is we need more pieces and we wont get any good free agents to come here so Draft it is
royboy1978::Well enjoy the rest of the weekend fellow Grizz fans.    I'm on vacation from work all of next week (THANK GOODNESS).  I'm going into hibernation mode and will return on here Tuesday night.  Later!!!!!!!!
mikesjen71::good game pistons kept it close most of the game
trademarktaz::the detroit pistons will be back to winning championships by 2015
infamous122::only if every other team dies
Lionsfan1174:::)
DetKoolAid::good game grizz
Lionsfan1174::well good luck Grizzlies fans, loved the team play you guys showed in last year's playoffs, definitely a Pistons esque team with great all around play and some physical play on the defensive end if you get a healthy Zach Randolph this team could do some serious damage!
Ramblescram::Thanks, and good luck to your boys as well. I hope things can turn around as the young guns mature and your lottery picks turn out well. We definitely have a similar ethic in Memphis to what Detroit has. Blue Collar. Down to earth. Willing to sweat it out to get somewhere.
Est.1887 11 NC 7 Heismans 96 All-Americans WE R ND::Wow, what a fourth quarter to win a five game parlay.  Between this game and sdsu, I would say I am one lucky fella.
yodaspeaks::Stuckey gets 22 shots and Gordon gets 1?  How in the world does that happen?
DetKoolAid::because ben gordon sucks. been 3 years of him getting 11 mill a year.....at least stuckey has won us some games this year
bballboi33::Nobody comes in the Grindhouse USA and get a W without a fight
Lionsfan1174::they were fighting but they put their heads down in the 4th, Pistons showed their youth, they Grizzlies showed their grit
Titans Yemen::Grizzlies Need to play better the next 3 games.
lknpk15::Not to mention the only quality win the Grizz have on the road is at Atlanta.
infamous122::it is better than most teams
Ramblescram::Yeah they're going ot have to prove themselves on this road trip. Their record thus far un the road is definitely not encouraging.
scrapnice::Yeah cause the west ain't gonna have this type of basketball beat them in their house.
yodaspeaks::Conley turned out to be quite a point guard.  He runs the team very well
royboy1978::It's about damn time because at one point, I was wanting for him to take a hype along with Thabeet.
dancanedo127::Grizzlies just went boots to a s s e s all over Detroit in the 4th!
Lionsfan1174::Pistons have had a habit of blowing games in the 4th quarter this year, we were beating both the Heat and Spurs this year until the last couple minutes of the 4th, guess it's a growing process but really disappointed in how they let this one end, they were going toe to toe all game beating them on the boards and in the paint, really impressive but the Grizzlies should their strength as a team in the 4th
TheJTram::Imagine if Z-Bo and Rudy Gay stay healthy at playoffs, they'll be a nightmare to  face...
Jimdetroitfan94::Good game until about the 4 minute mark in the 4th.
royboy1978::GRIT N MOTHERFU(KING GRIND GRIZZ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Pintz11::Dammm grizzly about time ... Scared on that over 7.5
Pintz11::Pouring lol
Ramblescram::yeah they really made ya sweat it out! haha
NOLA Sports::I LOVE YOU MATT STAFFORD
Trurock23::NBA take notice! Memphis Grizzlies are coming..................
Lionsfan1174::Zbo, MSU product, he was beastin last year's playoffs, speaking of MSU looking like a good Izzo team to make a run this March
royboy1978::They looked like sh.it against Indy on Tuesday night though.
CheerstoLilWayne::i loved that game.
scrapnice::a 27 to 10 quater........dat's GrindHouse music Baby!!!!!!!!!
mikesjen71::And  Preds
royboy1978::Both Memphis teams won today (Tigers and Grizzlies).  I'm a HAPPY man!!!!!!!!! :)
Titans Yemen::We need to win the conf USA to be on march maddnesssssssssssssssssssssss.Road to the final 4.
JonesD75::Yes glad that Coach pulled the names off their Jerseys! Hope it works during the tournament..
royboy1978::Coach Pastner has gotten their attention loud and clear.
scrapnice::also, man have u been checking out the memphis girls team....they're good this year with some top recruits coming in next year.
royboy1978::Coach McFerrin is also doing a good job as well.  Hopefully, both teams can win the conference tourney.
yosellindreams::Yea me too
mikesjen71::been waiting on that run all game
yosellindreams::Dagger
Ronaldocruz14::and that is GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lionsfan1174::they been just throwin em up in the 4th!
scrapnice::Now can i say it's over?
JonesD75::With a capital O!!!
Ramblescram::Safely, yes.
royboy1978::I believe its safe to say so now.
Ramblescram::Ouch. Light out from Rudy.
JonesD75::Really impressed the way The Grizz been playing! Cant wait for ZBo to get back!
royboy1978::RUDY WITH THE DAGGER!!!!!!!!!!!!
