tungcn2010::Has Melo ever attempted less than 25 shots/game this season?
NunE-Z23::yup
R.J. MacReady::Melo was fasting ..????  We have the dumbest sports stars in the history of sports.  1) you can afford a nutritionist  2) you can afford an in house chef 3) How do you not know the downside of fasting 4) how do you not know the dangers of of Yo Yo dieting
12.21.12::Melo was doing the Daniel-fast. It's a Christian based fast that you have to do in the first month of a new year.
CubicleJoe::hakeem used to fast during Ramadan.
12.21.12::The fasting Melo was doing was different. He couldn't eat any carbs/meat. The Ramadan fasting considers of not eating/drinking from sunrise to sunset.
itmustbebobby80::I agree, even as a huge Melo fan and Knicks fan, the fasting thing is weird and boneheaded.
weoutnyc::How is it boneheaded? It isnt like he didnt eat at all. He just didnt have any meat or carbs.   Does anyone here know what kind of diet Nash and Grant Hill are on? nd how long they have been on them?  There are plenty of athletes who go on different diets all of the time, whether it is vegan or vegetarian or whatever. Dont act like Melo is the only athlete to ever do it. And dont act like none of you can read and understand that the word FASTING doesnt mean he didnt eat AT ALL.
weoutnyc::Maybe because he has done this before and it never bothered him like it is right now?  R.J MacReady was commenting ..????  He is one of the dumbest idiotic fans in the history of sports.
Jamaal 43::Stat geeks need a life. When the team is banged up and the whole team is shooting bad from the floor. . . . it forces Melo to have to score more, which can result in bad shooting nights and him forcing some shots. That's why the Knicks need another scorer (besides JR and Melo)
Jamaal 43::Not only should Pablo (whatever his name is lol)start but Copeland should as well. Mike Woodson has to get rid of his love affair with old and slow; meaning Kurt Thomas lol Plus, Ronnie Brewer should be the last one off the bench
wilmaso::can't wait till shump comes back supposedly 7-10 days ...let's go....but we wont be 100 percent as a team till after all star break which is perfect to go on a 2 month run before playoffs start to solidify that #1 or 2 spot.
itmustbebobby80::It looks like Brewer has been benched finally, thank god. I agree that Priggy should get a shot at starting. J Kidd's better as strictly a backup at this point; he hasn't been doing ANYTHING lately.
colby.conetta::JR SMITH
MinniWolves90::Why the hell is Melo fasting?
jcsny::Carmelo past few games: 9-25 14-32	 6-26 14-29 9-20  overrated volume shooter, if he only took 15 shots a game he'd have the worst percentage in the league.
itmustbebobby80::It's Melo's job to shoot a lot. And his percentages are excellent overall. This is the stupidest kind of criticism—cherrypicking information and missing the point entirely to boot.
Jamaal 43::Lala is to blame
n1que_olajuwon_ewing::Starting PG has been out. Everyone on team suffering to get good looks
NYK199::14-32 14-29 9-20  not bad at all considering the amount of shots he took  stop looking at the stat sheet and start actually watching games  once felton comes back he will space the floor and attack the rim better creating more opportunities, just like they did in the beg of the season  and of course the hater ends off with an "if" scenario, typical
wilmaso::very true....yet still shooting 40 percent from 3 point land....going tru a shooting slump and he has been fasting for the past 15 days.....no energy he'll get back on track
dychen::Has anyone told Austin Rivers yet that he sucks?  Kid better figure it out soon or he might be the biggest bust in awhile.  Guess those attitude problems at Duke weren't just rumors.  Sheesh in a guard dominated league the kid can't get a shot off half the time and just looks lost.
itmustbebobby80::Let's consider the Knicks situation: They lost three tough conference games last week, BUT they are playing without starting point guard Felton, starting shooting guard Shumpert, and grizzled old backup Wallace. JR went down in the Boston game when that little green punk headbutted him, and hasn't been the same playing with that huge bandage over his eye. Melo's been fasting and having marital problems with his wife, both of which certainly contributed to the way he flipped out on Garnett. So the Knicks were without Melo for one of those games last week too, and since his return he hasn't been his usual self either. Oh, also Camby went down in one of those games, depriving them of yet another veteran big man off the bench. Amar'e is back but nowhere near at full strength. So, long story short, the Knicks are playing with a very depleted team right now—and still competing with the toughest teams in their conference, even if it's ugly at times. All the haters out there wish they had a team this tough and competitive. The Knicks will become even stronger as a result of all this adversity. Shumpert's return is imminent, Felton will be back soon too, JR's head will heal, Melo will regain his focus ... and ALL THESE OTHER EASTERN CONFERENCE PRETENDERS WILL GO DOWN.
jcsny::Felton's better than he was in Portland but he's still no difference maker.
itmustbebobby80::True enough, but the word you want is "hole." Yikes.
wilmaso::no difference maker? lol ok look at the points in the paint since he left...we literally have no PG that can take it to the hole.
MinniWolves90::Knicks a depleted team? Try being a $@%!$@% T'Wolves fan!
itmustbebobby80::Yeah, I'm counting the white foreign guys as white. It's odd; everyone can see that.
MinniWolves90::Not even close. Do some studying instead of just reading the headlines. 5 African-American, 5 Caucasian, 5 Foreign. Pretty balanced if you ask me.
itmustbebobby80::Is your management racist or something? Why is the whole team white? That's my question.
SRQBetterThanYou::absolutely zero chance that the knicks win the championship this year.  nobody on this team plays defense. amare and melo can't co-exist.
itmustbebobby80::And you get all your opinions from ESPN. Ever had an original thought?
I Will Win 1978::I began using this online betting system called SportsBettingStar.  I've made 3K per month for the last 3 months now.  You will be able to find this betting system on the first page of Google when looking up Sports Betting Systems.
ed2700::Melo trying to stay away from Felton diet of sweets and 'Purple Drank'.'
eaglesnumb20::F*** all the glamours and glitz, I plan to get rich. I'm from New York and never was a fan of the Knicks
wilmaso::BIG L are you in heaven? lmao
doggbrown1::9-25 melo jesus
wilmaso::rather have melo than rose, both high volume shooters.
itmustbebobby80::He shot 1-10 to start the game. So after that he was 8-15. Hardly a big deal at all. Jesus.
army of bono::Everyone is due for a bad shooting night.  Still 46% on the season.
jcsny::bad shooting night?  Melo past few games: 9-25 14-32 6-26 14-29 9-20  Melo has a bad shooting night every other night.  Only reason he doesn't have the worst FG% in the league is cause he's a crazy volume shooter
doggbrown1::how about that austin rivers? LOL
Kuunamatata::Glad to see he isn't ruining Duke anymore, now it's the NBA's turn to have his $@%! "point guard" skills.
doggbrown1::la la taste like honey nut tuna fish
nba is the worst::'Melo's 16 bricks last night were enough to pass Kobe (who had just 5) for #1 in bricks per game, and Westbrick's 16 got him back into the top 3: 1. 'Melo 11.73 (season high) .461 FG% 2. Kobe 11.49 .475 3. Westbrick 10.83 .410 4. Love 10.72 .352 5. Monta 10.67 .399 6. Felton 9.93 .396 7. Jennings 9.75 .408 8. Gay 9.74 .414 9. Aldridge 9.66 .463 10. Harden 9.51 .457
wilmaso::he said bricks per game....lol clown. ( i mean clown as in you wish you were an nba player ....can't find nothing else to do so when superstars miss a FG it's called a brick..) ok buddy.
army of bono::Talking about "bricks per game" when Melo is shooting 46% and Kobe 47% is just dumb.
doggbrown1::worse then kobrick no waaaaaaay and look at fat old felton in there hahahaha
jcolladay::havent seen too many hornets games this season but ... is anthony davis giving lillard a run for his money with ROY now that hes strung together sum games. every time they show the blazers on tv i swear that kid lillard is TURNTUP. i wish they showed more hornet games i wanna see the brow !
ALLforthelulz::wait one $@%!$@% minute here lmao. I know the recaps on these games usually go unnoticed being it was just a hornets game on a sunday night when people are following the NFL playoffs, but this is crazy. Melo was in a slump, because he had no energy due to not eating carbs or meat for 15 days? and he did this for personal and spiritual reasons? wow. that's so far out there. and if that's true, and im paying you what? 15+ million. Yeah, from now on you don't ever do that again. Oh man Ill remember that one. Not injury, not personal drama, nope. Diet
Fahim58::If anyone was wondering, this was the fast Melo did  http://www.allaboutprayer.org/daniel-fast.htm
Hondo Kid::Amare and dwight howard.  Way over paid and done.  Never gunna be what they were 6 yrs ago.   Hello
wilmaso::stat yes but Howard? dude he's 26. he literally just entered his prime lmao
thedrwolff::Carmelo....has shot like doggy doo for three games straight.  scores 27 on 25 shots tonight and is the main reason New Orleans stayed close.  He's on a slide downward and coincidentally since Amare' is back??????
inityminiwur::Stoudemire's been pretty steady since his return. Woodson's right in keeping Amare's minutes down. With a history of injuries, you'll never know when the next dunk attempt will result in a back spasm or a twisted knee. This Knicks team is just an unfortunate mix of either talented but old or not-so-old but with a history of injuries or young but with a potentially career-changing ACL tear or just plain knuckleheads who self-destructs on the court.
jmoose76::11 games over .500 with multiple key injuries. Self Destruct?? lol....
KnickCityBro::we need all our players healthy. atleast knicks get a break this week
ChiGuy1002::How is Eric Gordon's "sore knee" holding up?
aise5668::Who's the best scorer, Melo or Durant?  Watch this and decide  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_P6pyFWACys
Fat.Guy.In.A.Little.Coat::No one ever clicks on that crap... Why waste your time?
Fat.Guy.In.A.Little.Coat::Our PG play has been horrendous, and until Felton returns to 100%, I think it will continue to be horrendous.  Kidd is playing way too many minutes and burning himself out; Prigioni is as inconsistent as they come.  I can't believe how awful we look at times.  KENYON MARTIN IS NOT THE ANSWER.  We need a PG!
maikelinho::COPESANITY!
Big_time_sports_knowledge::is austin rivers really as bad as they say he is???
alexhernandezh::They say he is bad only because of who he is connected to and because people pay too much attention to him.  He's a rookie! Point blank.
Boyanime2K13::He's only 20 years old.Give him time to improve this summer
562-bell gardens::carmelo shooting bricks like usual lol -westbrick
alexhernandezh::won the game though!
67bien::big game for melo and knicks
ed2700::They played a terrible team at home and struggled.
alexhernandezh::13 point lead is never a struggle, and they kept NO under 87.  It is what it is, but definitely not a struggle against an NBA team, good or not.
Donnie Walsh::We cut Kurt and Brewer and pick up K-Mart and Covington until Shump and Felton get completely healthy!
ShillJackson::9-25    that's the ratio of wings that melo left the bones from against the total number of chicken wings that Melo ate.
Fat.Guy.In.A.Little.Coat::That was probably the stupidest thing I've ever read on here, Shill.  Congratulations because that is truly an accomplishment.
alexhernandezh::Still won.  All that matters at the end is the "W", plus wasn't even a close win... double digit lead.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::"cricket....Cricket....(Distant sympathy *clap* from Mom)....Cricket...
CandySparker::Cheers Camel Anthony!
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::We still don't get it....I guess you don't either...lol
Ya Boy Jimsta::Copeland can ball. who knew
ed2700::Is R. Felton the "Stay Puft Marrshmallow Man."
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::We don't get it.
itmustbebobby80::Final standings in the East:  1. Knicks  2. Heat  3. Bulls  4. Pacers  5. Nets  6. Celtics  7. Hawks  8. Bucks
RamblinWrck::I think you confused "final" with "current", because the final standings Knicks will fall to 3rd or 4th. Don't think so? Let's bet! :D
itmustbebobby80::I think Melo will be back to his normal self once he starts eating properly again. WTF is that about. If you need to monkey around with fasting and weird diets, do it in the off season, please!
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::To please the FANS?
Fahim58::he was doing the Daniel fasting   The Daniel Fast is based on verses from the Bible found in Daniel 10:2-3. “At that time I, Daniel, mourned for three weeks. I ate no choice food; no meat or wine touched my lips; and I used no lotions at all until the three weeks were over.” These three weeks refer to the observance of Passover and the Feast of Unleavened Bread, <b>which take place during the first month of the year <b>(Exodus 12:1-20).   http://www.allaboutprayer.org/daniel-fast.htm</b></b>
itmustbebobby80::For the good of the team, for his own good (a properly fed Melo probably doesn't fly off the handle at Garnett), and yes, for the fans.
tmor311::People do realize that the Knicks are without their starting point guard and shooting guard, right?
itmustbebobby80::Not to mention Wallace and Camby. That's nearly 2,000 years of NBA experience right there.
derrick7070::felton is the man,he make this team a championship team.
NYballer6969::Stop making excuses..The Knicks are 14 deep !
Rip City Forever::The pelicans smh terrible name
Deshawn Williams II::Dang Nets are winning games
SPGCPA::2 games back......you counted us out too soon....
dante2900::The honey nut cheerios taste so good, Carmelo has fast to get break the addiction.
screamingreenz::Why cant the knicks find more than 6/7 shot for Amare but always have 10+ shots for JR Smith?
alexhernandezh::What I've been saying all along.  How would anyone expect Amar'e to come back to form if the ball goes more to J.R. than him.  If Carmelo had the same injury Amar'e had and came back from it, he would still get his 200 touches per game.
NYballer6969::It all has to do with the coach and a chucker on the team ! The coach runs ZERO plays ...If you can create for yourself , you have a green light to shoot , even if your double teamed ! Have you seen Woody pull Melo out of the game because he took a bad shot ? Of course not and Melo takes a ton of them ! Melo helped get him a job , he's indebted to him !
LARRY57917::I  see  Melo  done  cool  off.  None  will  see  the  real  knicks  the  last  year  knicks.
derrick7070::it a 82 games season everyone have there ups and down
vplaskan1::JR creats his own shot off the dribble, Amare mostly has to be set up, either for a 15 footer, or in the post, there are times though when I wish he would go down in the post more and get the opportunity to score more, instead of shooting those 15-17 foot jump shots.
screamingreenz::Too much?  he isnt getting 6 shots a game.
vplaskan1::That's why I said I wish they would post him more, like today when he had a favorable match up with Jason Smith, they gave Amare the ball in the post, he used a few nice spin moves and scored, I wish they would look to that more when he has a favorable match up, I think Amare settles for that 15-17 foot jump shot too often.
screamingreenz::The knicks dont post up anyone except Melo.  Most possession have less than 4 passes.
StoKedForever::Knicks with the upset!
vplaskan1::The Knicks were favored.
James Harden 3 point Celebration::Whats austin Rivers up to?
I am your Uncle Dad::MVP
ed2700::Carmelo can't saty with his woman...she's everybody's now.
statesman2011::Surprised Melo didn't have a bowl of honey nut cheerios waiting after if he was hungry. lol
ed2700::Sometimes he feels like a nut...sometimes he don't.
Newfam98::9/25...wasn't this dude recently 8/34?  The new Kobe....
turkododo::<strong>harami's girl taste like honey nut cheerios.</strong>
