carltonrulesmelbourne::is the OVER shot ?
jwharding12::NEEDS MORE JIMMER HIGHLIGHTS
rynodesign::I love this Nuggets team. So much better off now that Melo left for New York.
mr mellow::Good for Gallo, the Knicks are a mess!
Broncman17::Kinda like Duckboy38 mentioned earlier, what's been under the radar this season with the Nuggs is the great job the front office has done assembling a solid cast of "team first" winners. And built for the long term. Future looks great!
Purple_October::Overall W/L record by conference    East 128-143  West 141-126    West &gt; East  Not to mention the east plays east the majority of the time and still has a -.500 record over all  Summary: East isnt even in the same league as the West.
Broncman17::Last night showed this Nuggs team clearly has the most depth in the Western Conf. Scary depth!!
JBurhenn253::great games for both jimmer and IT. 16 and 6 for young zeke!
Zach4panthers::I think someone alluded to it earlier but the Kings need a post defender bad. If and when they get that lottery pick I'm thinking Anthony Davis from Kentucky would be the guy
Ryan 2161::Melo is the man
nolanroth::he is really good at stopping an offense and jacking up a lot of shots
mosesbyu::Three consecutive offensive performances by Jimmer, his shooting is getting much better.
nbalegend87::If the game wasn't a blowout, Gallo would've shot more in the second half, probably another 30 point performance
gw687::Gallo is the man
28denverfan::yea he had 21 in the first half im pretty sure he could have gotten 9 more points
Duckboy38::The Nuggets front office has put together a great group of players.  The Nuggets have never had this many big men that can play.   This team can win a championship.    Maybe not this year, but within the next few years
28denverfan::Starting Shooting Guard Aaron Afflalo--OUT      Starting Center Timofey Mosgov--OUT     Rudy Fernandez--OUT     Ty Lawson--PLAYED LESS THEN 2QT  Game Result-------------BLOW OUT.............................damn them nuggets serious
4EverManUKid::Andre Miller has been huge for us this season. Most underrated player in the NBA.
klew911::Dang, the Knicks were trying to trade for Melo when they really should have just been looking for a coach.  A better coach plus adding Tyson Chandler to go with Amare and the goods players they traded away for Melo would be a really nice squad right now.
arkent892::They would be serious title contenders. Solid point guard, Gallo - Chandler - Amare, one of the best front 3 in the game for sure.
coloradoxplant::Nuggets really might be the 2nd best team in the west!  They are the deepest with out a doubt.  2nd seed and maybe a conference final?
28denverfan::mavs and lakers are not in that category anymore cuz every team is starting to play a fast pace game and the old lakers and mavs and even the celtics cant hang wit it
rsleepo::The West is so wide open. OKC is the best team, but after that there are the Blazers, the Mavs, the Nuggets, the Lakers and maybe even the Clippers and the Spurs who could all be the second best team, come the playoffs.
28denverfan::i agree
Pusherman3::Memphis, when they get Zack back...will be very tough.
28denverfan::lets see. if we can beat okc we are the BEST team in the west
n8n8n888::Sacramenton is possibly the worst example of a basketball team the NBA has seen in a long time.   No extra passes, worst in the league in assist rate, no semblance of an offense, absolutely horrid on defense.  Sac's bigs didn't even attempt to get in the way as Denver got anything they wanted inside.  Fredette needs to get to a real team.  People watching the game should demand their money back unless they happened to be Nuggets fans.  For the Nuggets, I agree, they are definitely better without Anthony.
n8n8n888::The other teams have a worse record, but as far as working together as a team, I'm not sure how any team could be considered lower than Sac.
rsleepo::The Kings are the worst team together with the Wizards. Quite a battle down there.
Zach4panthers::talent wise Bobcats easily are the worst
potter the rotter::Well, if you want it that badly...by all means!
28denverfan::no the bobcats i promise u are worse then the wizards and kings
potter the rotter::I think the Wizards have clear sole possession of worst place. But the Kings are certainly in the running for 2nd.
28denverfan::the bobcats are in that mix too. they got blown out by the wizards
Pusherman3::Get well soon Ty.
paul2285::7 players in double figures 29 assists 92 points in the paint!!!!  Damn Nugz hoops is fun to watch!!!! Everyone in Denver should send Melo a thank you card
Kingslive::92 points in the paint.  WTF....if one more person complains about Thomas' or Fredettes defense I'll lose it.  This team needs a shot blocker!!!!!
Broncman17::Nuggets rule!!
Broncman17::Nuggets rule!!
burntcoffee::Keep plugging along Nuggs!
nsmithNYC::Sacramento is the worst team in the league yet is in the top fifteen (at least) as far as talent is concerned. Call it the Demarcus factor perhaps?
KyleFurtner::Demarcus 17 pts and 15 rebounds. He's not the issue
EricUSnavY::The Nuggets are just going to keep getting better and better as the season goes on with each player on the team continuing to learn their role on the court.  I am really excited about these guys, way more than I ever was when it was the Melo Show.  I appreciate Carmelo making basketball matter again in Denver, but this team is way better without him.
coloradoxplant::Melo misses Chauncey.  Even in Denver he needed a PG that can distribute the ball.  He and Amare together just does not work in the system they are running there.
BurnabyJoeFan::Agree.. Melo needs someone to defer to when the ball is being distributed.  Chauncey was able to distribute without Melo freaking out that every play didn't go through him.
nsmithNYC::Obviously. Melo has never made a team or a teammate better in his life. He is a great scorer but horrible basketball player.
barteltd::His passes can be beautiful when he does it, he just doesn't do it enough.  When he first game to Denver I really thought his game would develop much faster than it did.  In New York he almost seems to be regressing.  Maybe he could have benefited from another year or two in college before making the leap.
KyleFurtner::The problem is...he is a great basketball player. He came out of college with a the reputation of a great scorer AND a phenomenal passer. He has the talent, he just doesnt care
jayeteee::I guess the only thing we didn't do well was shoot from 3-point range. Doesn't look like it mattered. Kings must be pretty bad. Go Nuggets!!!
Goldfinger5887::Wow.,.......Nuggets are third best team in the NBA after getting rid of Melo.......
jayeteee::Maybe I'll adopt the Knicks as my second favorite org. After all, it wouldn't be this good without their cooperation. :)
herb0420::Does that come as a surprise to you? Last time i checked basketball is still a team game
barteltd::After ten years of seeing selfish players go to the Lakers and win rings, I didn't believe that any more.
herb0420::Thank you carmelo... The best thing you ever did for this franchise was leave!!
Denverboi93::Best is take them to the WCF. Second best is leave.
thefumble1::Great Win, great to get players off the bench.
NugsAvsBroncosRockies::Way to go Nuggets!!!
darkyam::They have won five consecutive road wins for the first time since joining the NBA?  That's funny, I thought that a team won all of its road wins, by definition.
Truegold-719::Let's go Nuggets!!!
helmsey::How bad did the Lawson ankle sprain look?
BryHarry::Why isnt Faried playing more? He had 5pts &amp; 6 boards in 11 minutes last night. Granted it was the kings....but still this kid should be playing night in &amp; night out! Feel bad for the kid having to sit on the bench every night.
KyleFurtner::Andre Miller is more than serviceable. He could be the starter on any team in the NBA, and he has been our best PG the past two weeks
dcyxc2004::I said more than serviceable.
dcyxc2004::not bad (ankle, not knee) , he anticipates missing fridays game but should be back sunday against LAC.  Thats ok, we have a more than serviceable backup and hopefully rudy and AAA are back for friday.
gfschrimsher::didn't get to see it, heard it wasn't that bad and may have been the knee.
ColoradoSportsFanatic::Did you guys hear that Melo only scored 1 point in the Knicks game tonight.....wow.
McDeere72::I think someone not sure who complained mello was shooting too much so he only took 7 shots total that game compared to the 25-30 shots he usually takes . I think he was just trying to show what happens if he doesn't shoot, how bad they would lose etc.
KyleFurtner::Not only that, but the night he scores one point, the Knicks roll to a win
getlloyd::Yes billups was a big mistake, should have Kept him, or at least had a replacement.  Baron Davis will not be the answer.
gfschrimsher::agreed
gfschrimsher::always been "me first"  I think Billups had a lot to do with keeping him in check.  He made GK want to pull his hair out.
ryanvdonk::good thing payton beat him to that
getlloyd::Nash needed in Knick land.
ColoradoSportsFanatic::I think Knicks coaching sucks that is what I think. Melo has no direction. At least George Karl was able to get him to play in a team concept most of the time..and play D occasionally.   Now Melo is 2nd guessing himself...Your right hes turning into a headcase.
ColoradoSportsFanatic::Yea .. last night...sorry. did not pay attention to the games yesterday.That is just mind boggling. But your right it was on Tuesday. Melos value is dropping rapidly.
gfschrimsher::sounds like he's becoming a bit of a headcase
gfschrimsher::last night
Skip Clueless Makes Me Wanna Kick A Weasel::last night
getlloyd::Jimmer getting frozen out on offense, he has been at worst average defensively.  Kings never swing the ball, always seems to be one pass and then the ball gets into a black hole.  Ball goes in never comes out.
McDeere72::Fredette hasn't been shooting great but the real issue on this team is they don't pass to each other for the easier shots. I think they are close to last on apg in the league. Making that extra pass for the easier shot would make a huge difference in Ws vs Ls for this team no matter who gets that easier shot.
Kingslive::last 3 games shooting exceptionally
Antsea91::Freddette has been horrible. Isn't he shooting like 30% from the field?
Raiders_Till_I_Die::arent u a kings fan?
Kingslive::last 3 games he's been best player on the floor for the Queens
getlloyd::Trade Evans, or Thornton, need a Veteran experienced power forward, or hard working center.  A big rebounder like Dampier, Kurt Thomas, or defensive presence like Camby.    They just don't care enough on defense and are running no discernible offence. They have no energy guy like Noah, or Brewer.  Team has no identity.
kcisney BYU::Yeah no one passes it to him... you have to wonder why. The chemistry obviously just isn't there, shouldn't they think about a trade? Who would you trade if you were the King's GM, and for whom?
kcisney BYU::Atta boy, Jimmer! Starting to be more consistent and doing what you do best (it took him his whole first year in college to do that, so if he gets it done in less than a year then that's a bonus!). Too bad only him and IT (and Hayes when he isn't hurt) are the only team players on the Kings... Trade to Utah anyone? Please?
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::ummm please no.
kcisney BYU::Not that I don't like the Kings, but really, they just don't play team ball very well for the most part (look @ Assists per game for example)
kcisney BYU::Or anywhere else, really. Kings are just a horrible team that doesn't play together. I know that a ton of Ute fans like you would hate on him if he came to Utah, so maybe a team like Denver or Houston or Indiana... anyone but the Kings!
DenverDiehard35::Well, time to move to the raptor v nuggets board. good win tonight, GO NUGGS!
Trev28nba::http://www.nba.com/video/channels/nba_tv/2012/01/25/20120125_the_association_full_show.nba/index.html
helmsey::Thanks!
dcyxc2004::thanks bro!
SlapStick970::It's good that the Nuggets have the salary cap and players to do whatever they want for once and don't have to be tied down by bad contracts.  Plus, they also have the amnesty clause to use if they want to.
ColoradoSportsFanatic::Yea getting rid of that KMArt contract was pretty big...And Melo was into the Nuggets big also..Nuggets are in great position now.
Troutto::Masai for GM of the Year.
SlapStick970::He was playing politics.  He's a very good and sly talker.  He knew what he wanted out of the Knicks and got more.  Masai Ujiri
helmsey::I think Usari (I forget his name) did a great job but I don't think he knew if it was good or not at the time.  Remember when he said the Nuggets "got killed" with the trade?  Still, he was able to get the Knicks to give up WAY more than they should have.
SlapStick970::Most under rated front office in the NBA, both guys are on the 2nd year of their jobs.
gfschrimsher::gotta be proud of our front office
SlapStick970::I like the fact that we pretty much used the money we would have spent on Melo and spread the money to sign Affalo and Gallo.  K-Mart's money to sign Nene and Kofus and pick up the salary on Fernandez and Brewer.  That's some good deals.
kmag1848::the association is on. turn that $@%! on mother $@%!$@%
Slurm Soda::Its very good if you haven't seen it kmag
dcyxc2004::what channel?
Slurm Soda::NBATV
Skip Clueless Makes Me Wanna Kick A Weasel::I enjoyed Nuggets show on NBA TV.
helmsey::I need to see if I can download or watch that online somewhere.
Trev28nba::you can probably watch it on NBA.com
Slurm Soda::Yep I thought it was gonna be an hour long though. I watched it at 4 this afternoon
buffbronx77::Okay why is it in the NBA nobody ever challenges the fast break getting back on defense.  It's like they concede to giving the other team a dunk like its the NBA all star game or something. Drivez me nuts!  NO D!  D up for Christ sake! My God!  Swat that sh*t away please!
genocideangel1987::I kinda remember tayshaun prince there...
helmsey::That is one thing I have to give Lebron credit for...
the1andonlytravis::Utah Jazz to trade Devin Harris for Jimmer Ferdette and Picks.
mcshumway::Jimmer is money, by which I mean money in the coffers for Sacramento.  No way they trade him.  More likely that they put him in charge and blow up the team to get some "team" players.
btate2000::You know you just have to consider the source and the second you see UTES, you immediately know that you not dealing with a full deck.  Most UTE fans jumped all over the JIMMER MANIA.  But then were quick to point out how while he was "Good" in College, he would never make it in the Pros.  You know - his game just wouldn't translate.  See Rick Reilly comments.  Diff is that Rick Reilly came around and changed his tune after a preseason game or two.  UTES don't want to see him on Utah because they'll have to hear about it ALL day long how they were WRONG and would have to cheer for a BYU player leading the Jazz.
JacobyJ4::Jimmer is a rook... He has way more upside than Harris does.  Also with the inside presence that the Jazz have it would be a perfect fit for Jimmer and his ability to shoot the 3 ball.  The Jazz could not get JImmer for Harris no way no how... the Kings will not give him up for much less than a proven all star... Jimmer has started to gain confidence and when HE brings up the ball the offense runs a lot smoother I am surprised Smart hasnt figured this out yet.... Devon for Jimmer would be an absolute steal for the Jazz but unfortunately it will never happen... And UTES.JAZZ.NINERS will never be a GM either... have to know basketball talent when u see it.... Devon seems to be on the downturn and doesnt seem to be turning around.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Devon had a bad start to the season however he is WAY WAY WAY better than jimmer is. No disrespect cuz jimmer is a classy guy but no way...give Harris a chance.
the1andonlytravis::Kings do a lot of dumb things ha
Astrohusky::True dat
Slurm Soda::The Kings would do that... Why? lol
helmsey::Jimmer is still kind of an unknown quantity.  Not really sure how he will end up.  He obviously looked good tonight but Devin had been good up until the trade to Utah.  I don't think the trade is ridiculous.
Trev28nba::They trade Chris Webber for garbage players and Mike Bibby for nothing. They would probably do it again.
Trev28nba::Nuggets now have the longest win streak in the NBA
SlapStick970::It's also a franchise record.
dcyxc2004::all on the road!
buffbronx77::But I gots to know where will the Nugs end up #1 seed?,#4 seed? or #8 seed? C'mon man.
broncosroxnuggz::nuggs will be 1 or 2 and face okc in conference finals
sty34::2-5 range
DenverDiehard35::It sucks the Nuggets have 2 b2b2b's.... they kill us and this one we play LAC, LAL then Portland.... rough
Slurm Soda::Yep don't really have an easy game til Feb 9th
Slurm Soda::Yeah besides them.
Trev28nba::Toronto? 6-13
Trev28nba::every team has 2 of them
sty34::nah every team has at least one and no more than 3
broncosroxnuggz::lakers had 1 to open the season and wont have another one
DenverDiehard35::thats not true at all lol
broncosroxnuggz::not the lakers
Skip Clueless Makes Me Wanna Kick A Weasel::Congrats Nuggets and GL this season. There were small bright spots but overall my Kings were terrible.
helmsey::Yeah, you need a coach or a couple veterans to hammer home the idea of "passing" and "ball movement".  You have talent but don't play team ball.
Skip Clueless Makes Me Wanna Kick A Weasel::Yeah, that part I like. The TEAM part is what needs to be fixed.
helmsey::Ball movement on offense generally leads to more engaged and team oriented defense as well.  Like I said, it is obvious that there is talent on the kings.
Skip Clueless Makes Me Wanna Kick A Weasel::they have been better at ball movement recently, but tonight it wasn't there
Slurm Soda::Cousins really improved since last time. Tyreke still looks like a ballhog though.
Skip Clueless Makes Me Wanna Kick A Weasel::yeah, and jimmer was good. The D was putrid
dcyxc2004::All this talk about what the Nuggets need to do with all their assets is interesting.  I have faith that Masai and Josh will continue to work their magic and I'm excited to see what they come up with.  The future is bright in Denver.  Go nuggets.  Good luck Kings.
Slurm Soda::Yeah them two always seem to make a good deal.
Astrohusky::Wait, how can you score an odd number of points in the paint?  Doesn't make sense.
ColoradoSportsFanatic::ESPN says its 92 in there article on the game also..I think it was 92..
SlapStick970::Basket and a foul, an and one counts.
dcyxc2004::i like your enthusiasm
SlapStick970::Well as Popeye  said, "well blow me down"
dcyxc2004::yes.
SlapStick970::I thought if they score in the paint and gets foul, that one shot gets counted.  Am I wrong?
Astrohusky::Then what a foul on a made three counts for 4 beyond the arc?  Meh, doesn't make sense to me, but not saying that's not true.
dcyxc2004::No.
helmsey::I don't think the foul shot counts as a point in the paint, does it?
DenverDiehard35::we scored 92, not 93 like ppl sayin
DenverDiehard35::Lol Knicks lost again. To the Cavs. Good thing they played the Bobcats last game or theyd be goin on a 10 game losing streak
