BearJWS::Wow, the Nets beat the Bobcats (7 wins) and Cavs (7 wins).... Coach of the Year!
jrtall3n7::they have no choice but to play who is on the schedule. what would you suggest they do?
rainmaker2007::How about fire AJ when you first thought of it LAST WEEK when you had to play playoff contenders. You would have lost those games. Then it wouldn't look like you made a great move.
jeff050578::vote david lee to the all star team
robertsou812::wrong site dude!
BearJWS::Sad pathetic post...
jeff050578::no its not. People who follow all teams vote for the All Star team. I am just trying to educate the clueless.
robertsou812::Orlando's gotta feel really stupid on this one.  Coulda had Lopez and a bunch of Draft Picks for Howard and look what he has done.  I think the Nets should Keep Lopez as he is outplaying Howard bigtime.  If the Nets were to trade Lopez now, they could really get a lot for him.
QuarrellaDeVil::He's not gonna choke, is he?
swim_ny::Carlos always been a good coach, smart that he is profiling Lopez right away - key to their success. Always had problems dealing with the personalities - lets see how long before DWill blows up with him...
robertsou812::I truly believe that is in the past/  He was fiery and all but now those Sprewell days are over and plus I don't believe there is anyone like Sprewell on the roster.  I would have made him choke me if he was on my team too.  That guy was just a loafer.
swim_ny::Bernie Bickerstaff: yeah right
65tarheel::Wow. 2 wins. Why bother to finish season lets just put Nets in finals.
CandySparker::P.J. Carly Simon
BearJWS::Dork Alert again....
Sportsfan61679::Wow two of the highest paid Nets had a total of 30 points.  Both Joe Johnson and Deron Williams are OVERPAID for their production.
Call it as it Is::His first loss get him fired by the Russian Mob
Carbon-based::Dwill needs to tweet Avery son that his daddy sucks......lol
CaptainObvious20122012::How long before D-Will can't play in Carlesimo's "System"?
XvarriorX::its the same system as avery's lol
Lville93::They beat the Bobcats and the Cavs. Relax people. Give it a few more games...
reginaldwam3::He's 2-0! They'll prolly win the title!
You Got Rondo-ed7::Why don't teams stick with interim coaches? Now the Nets look solid. The Lakers looked great under Bickerstaff, then took a huge step back under D'Antoni. The Nets should let PJ finish the season, then evaluate the HC position.
rainmaker2007::The Lakers have never looked great this year. ,,, Anyway, there's a lot of politics and show business involved, and the interim coach doesn't (usually) have the star power.
Ienjoytrim::He is prone to choking  - Latrell Sprewell
Yukonjake122::Watch out nyc here come the PJNETS!!!!!
BKNetsFresh::nets 20- under P.J. Carlesimo,  greayteste coaqche evah, f-cjk tha haytahs.
MaurkicePounceySucks::Inglesh pleze
Bizknuckle::"This team will never choke as long as I'm the coach.  Unless we sign Latrell Sprewell."  - P.J. Carlesimo
Drunkard..::Change name to Brooklyn Ballers
Supreme_Grand_King_Kai::other than the bobcats teams win 2 in  row all the time, chill out
zach5324::What happens if they lose 2 in a row and go back to .500?
Ed7334::new coach time
rainmaker2007::Deron Williams is doing his best to secure a reputation as a "coach killer." First Jerry Sloan, now this. ... Also, isn't it curious how the Nets fired Johnson right before they played a couple of weak teams. They wanted it to look like they made the right move, Very cheesy, to say the least.
HeyLadiesImBrad::Oh nice. Interim coach got two wins against the BOBCATS AND CAVS.. nice headline espn.
tbest23::Congrats to Lopez on his career high 11 rebounds...
Supreme_Grand_King_Kai::is that a real stat? if it is then smh bust
XvarriorX::thats not his career high...
KMartKidd56::Bropez was a monster 2nite
vap88::K56- Was  that  Bropez'  NBA best scoring night
BoilerPhan24::Such a joke.  Avery Johnson is a fine coach, and will obviously find employment elsewhere, easily.  I'm not ready to call this a racist issue, but it sure seems ridiculous.  They honestly think Phil Jackson would be interested?  I'm literally in shock.
Boyanime011::Easy for you to say, You're not a Nets fan, of course you wanted him to stay
rainmaker2007::It is a joke, And they think we can't see through this BS,  If one more coach loses his job because of Williams, he will be branded in this league.
You Got Rondo-ed7::He;s already been branded.
KMartKidd56::^Avery Johnson Jr.
That_Guy_Chris::Beating two horrible teams? THE NETS ARE GONNA WIN IT ALL
Drawaconclusion::Deron williams and brook lopez are monsters nuff said
Joe Buck loves Troy Aikman::"I wish I was black."  -President Obama or Tiger Woods
Rip City Forever::Alonzo gee gets a dunk from the baseline  -best thing cavs got
scottsvb1::He suckssssssssssssssssssssss
scottsvb1::Cavs are actually worse now than they were since LBJ left 2 years ago.  This year the are .219 win %   2 years ago they were .238 when they lost 63 games
spcoon::wasn't irving out for four week?
scottsvb1::Fire Scott
Joe Buck loves Troy Aikman::"Kill whitey."  -Spike Lee
scottsvb1::He's a racist nig but most are
yuseffhilton::Internet tough guy...smh
InCubaWith2Pac14::shut ya lame azs up. thanks.
scottsvb1::Cavs need to get rid of  1. Gee  (waste)   put CJ Miles in his starting spot  2. Dion Waiters  Rookie or Not... trade him for a decent Vet Guard cause he Sucks  3. Scott      Sorry but he can't coach a highschool team  4. Have Kyrie play Horse and teach him to shoot..  he's been avg 31% from the field all year.. that's horrible.. should avg 45%  ... cost us about 4-5 games (Gee cost cleveland about 6-7)  5. Teach the team Defense... if you can hold your opp under 96 pts a game.. you have a 60%chance  of winning unless you commit more than 15 TO's a game
yata-9arasu::I would like to say you were at least right in some ways but when you say show me proof that Irving is shooting a high % when he is clearly shooting at an elite level for a guard at 47% then I don't put too much value into your advice.  Your other advice about trading Waiters is horrible.  At least give him time to play.  Lol.  You probably would have trade Russell Westbrook in his first year with OKC because he shot the same % from the field.  Lol.  Gee is not a starter but we have a hole at SF.  Defense needs to improve but we have a young team.  Teams don't play great defense especially when they are young.  Remember OKC with Durant in 2008?  They made our defense look great because they were giving up a scorching 106 PPG!!!  LOL.  Keep it in perspective and be patient...  Jeez....
JohnsonnnL::You're wrong on both, Damian Lillard averages way more minutes. http://espn.go.com/nba/statistics/player/_/stat/scoring/position/rookies
JohnsonnnL::You had to go there ok. http://espn.go.com/nba/player/_/id/6442/kyrie-irving
scottsvb1::You 2 kids don't know Jack .... 47% pct fg... show me the proof  and Dion might be #2 in scoring rookies but he's played the most minutes and shot the ball more than any rookie
Will Conroy.::You are an idiot. Why don't you check the stats before you get them wrong.
JohnsonnnL::Dion sucks? hes 2nd among rookies in scoring, and Kyrie is main reason they are even in games most of the time.
CMF88::kyrie is at 47 pct fg for the year numbnuts
dog78950::"Don't worry...he'll choke."  - Latrell Sprewell
Davros361::<b> 2-0 against the Cavaliers and the Bobcats isn't very impressive</b>
The-DHARMA-Initiative::how long until D.Williams chokes out coach PJ???
AdamMcD1536::Haha I could have gone 2-0 with any team if I played the lolcats and the cavalols
wilcox1232::Welp beat the bobcats and the cavs teh nets are now title contendors again
spcoon::i'm here for the sports info, not the stupidity.
remix620::says the sarcasm meter, and you call yourself an insider.
spcoon::says who, exactly?
DwightSchrute24::Kyrie&gt; D Will
i make excuses for tony chokos failures::pj carlisimo is ballin like the lakers bro yo
GMEN.DYNASTY9::pj for coach of the year?...
sooch 51::PJ gave the russian a BJ
NoThanks2U_17::Oh wow they beat Bobcats and the cavs. Big whoop
Hattchlu::The free ride is over. Their next two games are away games against the Spurs and the Thunder.
Rezo201::Except we only loss to OKC by 6 without Lopez. Losers.
NoThanks2U_17::Lmao they done
Hattchlu::The Nets are letting PJ coach the team because Mama Cass Elliot is unavailable.
sooch 51::We need to ban communists from owning American franchises.
Drunkard..::If the Nets get anybody less than Phil Jackson it will be a failure for th Ruskie. I'm pretty sure Phil knows he has the leverage here and will negotiate for a huge salary
sooch 51::"The Nets will choke with PJ as their coach."  - Latrell Sprewell
DudeMan_3377::funny how people are hating on the Nets.  The Knicks have sucked for over a decade, and finally have a descent team.  I MEAN, THE KNICKS REALLY SUCKED.
Future Primitive::Lopez got double digit rebounds?  Didn't think it was possible.
KMartKidd56::He's averaging 27ppg 10rpg over his last 3.
Porkchop8920::Has a lot lately
Terrible Suggs::nets have a solid squad, they just need 1 elite player.
Drawaconclusion::Dwill is underated if anything
Kobe_iz_the_best::D-Will?
Kobe_iz_the_best::Underrated now, and chris paul hasn't carried no franchise, but ya'll still say he the best PG.
Future Primitive::DWill is overrated as hell.  He is not a guy who can carry a franchise.  That's what elite players do and he can't do it.
Kobe_iz_the_best::HE can score shoot he's physical and is a top 5 passer in the game today.
Terrible Suggs::not quite enough talent or skill as the superstars i guess...
Kobe_iz_the_best::How is he not elite?
Terrible Suggs::he's more of an all-star category than an elite player type...
