HotdogSalesman2012::golden state won the second half by 24 points... freaking awesome.,
phunky58::and the streak continues Beasley puts up another big game since Hunter took over.  keep it goin Beasley.  On the flipside Barnes lit up for the warriors which i also love to seee.
Arbyrick::Suns only hope is that they take advantage of their draft picks, especially if the Lakers' pick(s) they get are high ones....
jbguinto::With Duncan's mishap yesterday I wonder if the Spurs will sit him out the all-star game……MAKE ROOM FOR STEPH!!!
goniners925::lovin the bay area teams right now, except ofcourse for the raiders. not because im a hater but they suck.
SF_Bay_Henri::GO 49ERS
ASUB-ballfan::The only piece I would say the suns have is Dragic. Everyone else can go unless Beasley can be this consistant but I doubt it.
phunky58::he will keep it up, since hunter has been there he has played consistent ball and put up big numbers.
The 1 Percent::God damn the Suns suck so $@%!$@% bad  Sarver, PLEASE sell this team
On the GoldenState Bandwagon::whoever assembled this Golden State team is a genius...hats off to them
jeff050578::Who assembled the team is important but none of this would be happening if Mark Jackson didnt get this team to buy into his system.
ImAWitness06::The owners who the fans booed last year
OAKadam::While I think it was stupid and childish of them, it's understandable considering it came so shortly after trading away Monta, Udoh and Brown. But now all those fans that did are stuffing their faces with humble pie
SFKEVELEV::Warriors got 2 stars peaking, a 2nd year budding star in Klay, a rookie who has sky as the limit, and now Bogut is back -- and with this passing offense he will fit right in.  Warriors are young, talented, and starting to gel.  Bogut can really make this team the real deal, he easily is the most well rounded center and his presence is awesome.  I liken the warriors to how okc developed, only okc's 2 stars are better, but they don't have a center like Bogut
kozanski2000::Bogut 11 / 7 / 2 in just 25 minutes with solid D on just his third game back. Which basketball knowledge  devoid idiots want montae back again?
brebarrett2::god the bucks swindled us
OAKadam::You can't be serious...
mayelamingi::Monte does not suck, at all, I loved watching him play...but if Bogut stays healthy, he will really help the warriors.
ImAWitness06::Monte sucks
SFG Deck of Aces WS::No room for Monta on this squad. Where would an inefficient chucker fit into the mix?
DoubleV1369::he said inefficient. also, Thompson is a larger and a better on ball defender.
dsphillips100::You mean like Klay Thompson
supe540::Don't miss Monta at all.
outkastD::"goodnight oakland" -klay thompson
Cardinals-Sun Devils-Diamondbacks-Suns::CLE beat OKC! OMG!
Oaktown1029::Irving must be over the flu.
Oaktown1029::Suns have had some great teams the past 20plus years - always play GS tough - strange to see them struggling.
simsimsimsims::tough times
ARandolphNeedsPT::what made the webber debacle exponentially worst was the 95 draft where the warriors went Joe Smith @ #1...passed on stackhouse, wallace, and kevin garnett to name a couple
WarriorsWarrior::jzalvarado2.0 - Oh he also selected Vince Carter then traded him to Antawn Jamison.  Not bad.  Id say he was an average GM.. Not Twardzik like   ARE KIDDING ME YOUR THE SAME GUY WHO CRITIZED BRIAN SABEAN? GERRY SUCKED!
jzalvarado2.0::Hall of Fame voters really f.ucked up.  This should have been the year they should have put in Eddy Debartolo JR with the 49ers being in the Super Bowl.  it would have made for a great PR story
ImAWitness06::Are they ever right? They waited 5 years to put Cris Carter in HOF
Cardinals-Sun Devils-Diamondbacks-Suns::That's still happening too. How does Sapp get in over Strahan.
ImAWitness06::Worse people got in while Carter was waiting
Cardinals-Sun Devils-Diamondbacks-Suns::The problem is the number per year limit. Chris Carter AND Tim Brown BOTH belong in the Hall of Fame. But because of numbers limits,Brown is still left out when Carter finally gets in.
HH69::It can happen on the year they move into the new stadium and win the Super Bowl (again).
ImAWitness06::Curry/Lee/Bogut in the playoffs could have a Terry/Dirk/Tyson type of run in 2011
ImAWitness06::Warriors have Lee...
ARandolphNeedsPT::with a supporting cast of Klay, Barnes, Jack, and Landry...pretty scary...hopfully they add a bruising power forward goon off the bench that solidifies defense and rebounding
Oaktown1029::yeah, a PF would be nice but that would cut into Landry's playing time and I think he's a good fit to this team. Hopefully Bogut becomes stronger and Lee, Landry, and Green can complement him.
HH69::Good game Warriors!
jzalvarado2.0::Garry St. Jean: Selected Richardson, Murphy, and Arenas in the 2001 Draft.  Not bad, one of the better draft classes for any team
Oaktown1029::Did the kings hire him as coach or GM following Warrior stint?
jzalvarado2.0::no.. he was their coach before.  Nets hired him after as a scout
jzalvarado2.0::Oh he also selected Vince Carter then traded him to Antawn Jamison.  Not bad.  Id say he was an average GM.. Not Twardzik like
jzalvarado2.0::The only other draft class where he had a High Pick to work with he selected Mickael Pietrus.. Meh.. Could have been worse
Cardinals-Sun Devils-Diamondbacks-Suns::As many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. It definitely cost us the 2007 Western Conference Championship at the very least. After the tragedy of 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
Ellis_Curry::ok iv'e seen this from you way too many times and you need to get over it, nobody is disputing the fact that you got robbed but please shut the fu.ck up
oOARaiderOo::Gunning for the number 4 seed!
Oaktown1029::I thought Maxi was just a Cavilier hater the other night - he's a Warrior fan?
dudemanbrohella::i dont think hes a warriors fan
Ellis_Curry::he could just be a pessimist/ negative nancy LOL
ImAWitness06::F.uck Ray Lewis
WarriorsWarrior::Maxi  Get this down quick! we just want to get into the playoffs?
trevorcabo::WHATEVEWR HAPPENS IN THE PLAYOFFS HAPPENS, BUT REGULAR SEASON IS MEANINGLESS PREDICTOR OF WHAT WILL HAPPEN IN JUNE
dudemanbrohella::Disregard every comment Maxi Klinger post on here...hes an idiot
Maxi Klinger::Because we can win a game or 2 against the Spurs / OKC, that means we can beat them in the post season where they have much much much much much more experience.  Maybe the Warriors will borrow wthe mountain of luck  the Giants got.
Ellis_Curry::the idea of having postseason experience in game is overrated, as long as you have professional, poised individuals on the court and some postseason experience from vets off the bench you will be ok given talent
ARandolphNeedsPT::they have beat okc and crushed the clips 3 times all WITHOUT Bogut...they are very capable of winning against anyone in the league with healthy squad
jzalvarado2.0::As I said my friend.. Even if we get swept in the 1st Round, we have baseball season around the corner
dudemanbrohella::So im guessing your a bitter clip fan? lmao yeah i bet your pissed
ImAWitness06::Suns might as well tank, hope for #1 and get Noel or McLemore
jzalvarado2.0::RT @PeterVecsey1: Love listening to Garry St. Jean analyze players. Everything I saw he puts into descriptive words. -------------------------------------------------------------- Wasn't Garry St. Jean the one that drafted Todd Fuller and Adonal Foyle!!?
jzalvarado2.0::May have been Dave Twardzik though BUT it wasn't exactly like any of the Warriors draft classes fin the 90's and early 2000's sans Richardson and Arenas were memorable
Oaktown1029::lol - yeah, every time I see him.......
ARandolphNeedsPT::Oaktown1029 - Weber debacle took 15 yrs to recover from - imo.  im not over it yet
Oaktown1029::Weber debacle took 15 yrs to recover from - imo.
ARandolphNeedsPT::and then PEnny + 3 first rounders for C Webb was a huge blockbuster by nellie
ARandolphNeedsPT::sprewell @ 22 by Nellie was a gem
ARandolphNeedsPT::no..dave twardzik drafted those guys
ARandolphNeedsPT::i think u are referring to Foyle @8, Mcgrady @ 9
ARandolphNeedsPT::Oaktown1029 - ur right. Todd Fuller from NC state at #7 - Kobe went #9 - Twarddick! lol  no. .. i think it was fuller at 11 or 14....kobe at 14 or 16..then divac trade
Oaktown1029::ur right. Todd Fuller from NC state at #7 - Kobe went #9 - Twarddick! lol
WarriorsWarrior::LOL   WORST WARRIOR EVER IMO
Oaktown1029::could never stand him - was a terrible GM, lol.
Maxi Klinger::How the F##ck are the Warriors going to beat the Spurs / OKC or even the Clippers in a 7 game set? None of the Warriors have any experience in the post season except Bogut and Jefferson. Jefferson hardly plays.......Thompson and Curry will see what its like to be defended against in the post season...Its a different animal.
dudemanbrohella::If the warriors can stay healthy anyting can happen
ARandolphNeedsPT::3-1 season series vs clipps 1-1 season series vs okc  Spurs are the team that scares me most, but they might be eliminated by time western conference finals roll around.
jzalvarado2.0::by the time we "Don't" beat them, we'll have defending AL West and defending World Series baseball teams out in full swing
Oaktown1029::how do you know what's it's like maxi?
dudemanbrohella::No one cares troll
ImAWitness06::Beat Clips 3/4 this season
Maxi Klinger::Enjoy your time in the sun Warriors fans.....Dont get your hopes up too high, you will fall
Oaktown1029::you're a glass half-empy kind of guy, huh Maxi?
WarriorsWarrior::n goodnight
dudemanbrohella::Its not like we expect to win the Finals this year smart guy
ARandolphNeedsPT::i dont expect it but I feel that we are DEFINITELY one of 4 teams capable of winning the entire western conference...Curry in the playoffs? OMG WATCH OUT
jzalvarado2.0::Ok we will  Thank You
Maxi Klinger::Warriors have already peaked........The west will be won by one of the big boys, Spurs, Clipps or OKC....
clemson tiger807::dont have b rush and yet we are at our peak?
inefekt::Spurs don't have a chance if Duncan's knee is as bad as everyone is suggesting
ImAWitness06::Thanks. Good news for Curry I guess
inefekt::possibly did his ACL in tonights game, another player fell onto his leg, he got carried off the court, results are pending
ImAWitness06::What happened to Duncan?
WarriorsWarrior::Barely got bogut? Peak?
ARandolphNeedsPT::warriors are in that category of big boys...clipps are a lotto team without paul...warriors a playoff team without bogut
jzalvarado2.0::Embarrasment of Riches in the Bay Area.  It's like this is around the time you start wrapping your mind around pitchers and catchers reporting BUT with the Sharks, Warriors, and 49ers grabbing headlines, start of spring training is gonna be a real low key affair ;)
_Neanderthal Hipster 3.0_::sharks are going for their 3rd consecutive shootout !!
_Neanderthal Hipster 3.0_::i forgot you were a yotes fan :-P
jzalvarado2.0::And how does this help out the Coyotes -raised eyebrow- :)
Maxi Klinger::Warriors will exit the 1st round
_Neanderthal Hipster 3.0_::&amp; your mother is a wh.ore :)
WarriorsWarrior::Thank you
WarriorsWarrior::I miss don nelson interviews
jzalvarado2.0::I hope we f.uck Utah out of a good draft pick this year.  Solid draft class BUT next year is supposed to be one of those really really good draft classes IF all the One and Done's come out.
arizonasportsman::2013 class is shaping up to be good top 8
ImAWitness06::You mean all the UK players. Haha
ImAWitness06::Could get Wiggens/Gordon and/or Randle too
jzalvarado2.0::Next year's UK class is RIDONKULOUS
LincecumPoseyHOF::Basketball - NBA Lines (Game) Point Spread  (516) Portland Trail Blazers -4 (-115) Feb 02/13@10:05p   Final Scores  Utah Jazz 99  Portland Trail Blazers 105    Basketball - College Lines (Game) Point Spread  (677) Utah State +1½ Feb 02/13@10:00p   Final Scores  Utah State 68  Seattle 46    Basketball - NBA Lines (Game) Point Spread  (518) Golden State Warriors -10½ (-105) Feb 02/13@10:35p   Final Scores  Phoenix Suns 93  Golden State Warriors 113    Outcome: Win  Date settled: Feb 03, 2013 12:50:02 AM
BRM86::Minus his two cy young years, but yeah you're right.  Wainwright and Carpenter FA years too, even if they do just resign with Cards.
BRM86::p.s. I really hope Lincecum has a bounceback year, plus it's his contract year :)
ImAWitness06::Those are always the best years
LincecumPoseyHOF::me too obv, did good enough in the playoffs
BRM86::What are you taking?
LincecumPoseyHOF::I know my sports dude :) SB tomorrow!
BRM86::When you posted Utah State +1.5, I went to go check out the matchup but it was already halfway through the first half :x
ARandolphNeedsPT::2014 can make the warriors scary -  resigned bogut, Lee under contract, curry under contract, barnes, and klay with rookie deals like ezeli, green......jefferson and biedrins 20+ mill expiring...Best free agent class ever, even better than summer of lebron I
inefekt::resigned or re-signed? They have opposite meanings in this context.
ARandolphNeedsPT::bogut's deal is done as well unless resigned...Curry, Klay, Barnes FOR SURE with the possibility to add Superstars + Bogut/Lee
arizonasportsman::Lot of changing variables in that.
ARandolphNeedsPT::i actually think LEe's massive deal might expire that summer too
Im at work::Irving &gt; Curry
Rjsyufy::Irving cant assist
dudemanbrohella::Tonight he was
_Neanderthal Hipster 3.0_::that was a great game
dudemanbrohella::Bogut looked good tonight. Happy to see him back
David42592::Just got to get fit and stay fit - never seen the best of bogut cause of injuries - fingers crossed he stays together cause he had potential to be top 3 league centers
WarriorsWarrior::Look forward to  nxt year too!
Raiders Godfather333::With Brandon Rush, LOOK OUT!
ARandolphNeedsPT::warriors marching for the pacific...cliff pual better hurry back
jzalvarado2.0::To think that the Warriors had a deal in place with the Suns to get Amare Stoudemire, BUT once Curry fell into their Laps, Don Nelson put that deal OFF the table faster than he pounds his whiskey
_Neanderthal Hipster 3.0_::nobody pounds whiskey harder than bruce bochy ;)
jzalvarado2.0::this.. this is true.  2 more weeks
ARandolphNeedsPT::biedrins, b wright, and curry for amare i think it was...THANK GOD
jzalvarado2.0::Yeah it was supposed to slot out to Flynn, BUT Nelson AS AWFUL as he sometimes was DOES really have an eye for talent.  Even with Bellinelli (5 years too late though)
jzalvarado2.0::Well yeah the 7th pick (which turned out to be Curry)
ARandolphNeedsPT::would have done it if it was Biedrins, b wright, and johnny flynn/jordan hill though
jzalvarado2.0::The Suns were targeting Flynn (which at the time looked like a super solid PG) BUT who the h.ell EVER thought Khan was gonna draft Flynn so high
ImAWitness06::I knew Flynn would suck
arizonasportsman::Lakers 21-26 ;)
inefekt::Please note for those interested: LEBRON OWNS ALL is holding special fellatio classes. Tonight's class will concentrate on a special trick he will demonstrate, how to take your man balls and all. Apparently this is how LBJ prefers it. Class begins at 9pm. (BYO lube).
arizonasportsman::30-17 is mighty impressive in this league.
dreamhax::Earliest on the calendar the Warriors have won their 30th game since 1975-76.
