moncindy007::Wish Lin get well soon and able to play in next game .
adam82497::As you can see here kids winning games isn't automatic just because you hit 19 3's
HoopsSharpie::oj mayo is so bad, don't even talk about him coming to the rox
3rdCoastTexan281::Yes, one bad game defines his play...
bobbydagreat::Carlos Delfino's reaction to the charge by Oakafor that was called a block is priceless.  http://i.minus.com/iSLkMFzRMRxN.gif
shoe467man::i said the other night when the rockets got lucky and beat the thunder they where going to fade. the mavs and lakers are on the way. the rockets fear the playoffs they will not make it mark my words.
melvin887::Beal rookie of the year
Miami-Star1::Bradley Beal is the Real Deal
redwiznatcapfan::Did those clown Rockets fans ever show up again? There was a select few that made the bunch look bad.
mpaylor18::Lin needs to step up, Harden and Parsons can't carry this team to the playoffs
Dawan208::Tell his teammates who try to take his position , by bringing the ball down the court all the time only to get it strip from their hands!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Everyone wants to be the floor general on this team and it's doesn't always work!!!!!
melvin887::Wizards allday baby
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::when you consider rockets only had 9 players due to trade    rockets will have thomas robinson (#5 pick ) and a shooter francisco garcia available next game(s)!!!    weee yeee..lakers OUT of playoffs!!...
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::Rockets need deeper rotation..maybe Thomas Robinson and Francisco Garcia can provide that when Del-Streako is misfiring
Marek7476::As you can see Jordan Crawford has been really invaluable to this team.
SMANGANG::yehh GG wiz!!! Lakers getting that 7th or 8th seed!!! yeeee!! hahahah
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::not really when you consider rockets only had 9 players due to trade  rockets will have thomas robinson (#5 pick ) and a shooter francisco garcia available next game(s)!!!  weee yeee..lakers OUT of playoffs!!
Barrk_40::The Wiz are a legitimate decent team
MinniWolves90::Playoff team next year. They're a totally different squad with Wall in the lineup.
md_astr0_10::enjoy losing the 8 seed to the lakers by a game
Fair Palmer::"McHale limited Jeremy Lin, who scored five points, to 26 minutes due to illness."  Whose illness? Or, simply the coach intended to limit Jeremy Lin's development/success? Limiting his minutes on the court regularly would do.  It appears to me that it is the coach's "mode of operation" to bench Jeremy Lin at 6 minutes into the first quarter at most games whether he plays well or not. In contrast, other players would stay in the court for 10 to full 12 minutes in the quarter despite their performance.  I have watched every Rockets games since the beginning of the season. The coach's "rotational" use of the versatile Jeremy Lin is mind-boggling. It has made the Rockets games less appealing for me and many of my friends.
JonathanGeorgeRD::"I only watch for Lin so when he's not on the court this team is boring to me."  -What you said in one sentence.
RNYC::Translation I'm Asian and only care what Lin does
moncindy007::JLin said that he was sick (Cold /  Flu).  It's  not because of  McHale did not want him to play. Pls, Truth is Truth.  From Lin's fan.
bwc2000::thank you moncindy.. sometimes this prove that LOF, just like LOH is blind and bias.
hitz2::if the wizards didnt start 4-28 they would be a playoff team
hitz2::#theeastsucks
GeorgeTownDC29::Wizards all day! Georgetown, Capitals, and Wizards all cap off a great saturday for D.C
DeezBrown::Typical Wizard results These guys beat hot teams consistently.
Arigato Mr. Roboto::No one cares about the Lakers or the Rockets! you losers....this is Wizards all the way!!!
blackdevilace::Lakers still will not make the playoffs  BOOK IT!
Arigato Mr. Roboto::Sooooooooo Rockets fans...u upset? wasn't this a game you had in the bag? Weren't the Wizards as one of you rockets fans said "tuuurrrible" ? LOL. Btw This was a back to back for the Wizards as well before you start using that as an excuse for the Rockets loss.
RocketsJMC::let the idiots be happy with their 17-37 team....lmao what jokes the wizards are
ndnpro64::Big difference playing a back to back at home vs on the road. On top of that, Jeremy Lin was ill. On top of that, the Rockets are still without the players they acquired in the trade which makes them short-handed. Having those players alone would translate to 3 or more net points leading to a Rockets win.
bwc2000::well, you also have to say asik should've score..some really easy points.. HIS height and his closeness to the basket should've scored at least more than 5.
MinniWolves90::17-point lead. No excuses.
Dawan208::.
That Frog Kurtis::is it me or have the Wizards been absolutely balling as of late?
MinniWolves90::Wiz a playoff team next year.
This_Guy1::Wow. The Wizards are turning themselves around. Good job, guys.  Oh, and lol Rockets
This_Guy1::I don't mean to undercut it.
cha cha cha chia..::So you say the Wizards are turning it around and then you immediately undercut it by laughing at the Rockets for losing to the Wizards.
mvbortolin::Win for. The lakers. Ooh yeah
dj_kelo05::quiet
crig521::dj_kelo05 - quiet
woopzzzz::crig521 - dj_kelo05 - quiet
ASUBBALLFAN21::1.Lin  2.Harden 3.Parsons 4.Robinson(He wii develop) 5.Howard.
HoopsSharpie::we only have 2 franchise guys at this point - harden and parsons  everyone else is 100% expendable
Eden Knight::Only Harden. I wouldn't say Parsons is a franchise player. His consistency still isn't there yet and he "shows up" every other game.
dtcooper07::imagine duke with wiggins and parker vs uk with the harrison twins
dtcooper07::if wiggins signs with uk they could have their whole starting 5 drafted in the top 10
crig521::haha yeah that would be belligerent but I doubt he goes there.  I think Florida State might get him
dtcooper07::the harrison twins are studs they are in houston
crig521::yeah man they are dope
dtcooper07::i wouldnt take less than a lottery pick for him how often do you find a true center 7ft tall that gobbles up every rebound possible and can protect the rim pretty well???  and hes on a decent contract too about 8 per year
crig521::yeah and Jabari Parker is supposed to be as good if not better than Wiggins.  A couple superstar pg's too, Kasey Hill and Andrew Harrison.
dtcooper07::isnt the wiggins phenom guy in the next draft "14
dtcooper07::i think he and harden are the most important pieces right now
crig521::i wouldn't trade him this year for a lottery pick unless it was like top 3 since this draft blows.  next year's draft has a lot of superstars tho that might be a nice time to trade him for a pick
HoopsSharpie::i'm fine with him on the roster, but he's expendable
dtcooper07::i wouldnt trade asik hes young and really raw but is already pretty good
crig521::but yeah i like him.  he's still mad goofy with the ball but defensively and on the boards he's beast
HoopsSharpie::the guy has no offense, has trouble catching the ball, and can't jump
crig521::of course not yet.  if the right offer comes along tho
crig521::yep.  moray knows that too.  asik will be a nice trade chip moving forward
dj_kelo05::lol send him back to the east a year later
HoopsSharpie::he'd be perfect in the east
bobbydagreat::The luxury tax only really hurts poor teams and teams that aren't complete. A young team loaded with talent with a rich owner wouldn't have much problem with it.
RNYC::There is no hard cap. The NBA has a soft cap. Hence the luxury tax.
dtcooper07::but you would be paying 1.50 for every dollar up to 15 mil over the tax line then 2.25 up to 30 mil over and the repeater tax makes it double for the third straight year over the tax line the lakers payroll is 99.9 mill this season if they were in the repeater tax they would pay around 79-82.5 mil in tax no owner will pay that
dtcooper07::i actually think there is a hard cap too i dont think you can go more than 30 mil over the tax line.....
crig521::truth
crig521::you said it only affects teams that aren't complete?  the only reason Harden was traded is because they would have been over the luxury tax.  are they not a complete team?
bobbydagreat::No, their owner is a cheapskate. Same reason the Kings made a stupid trade.
crig521::that is 100% not true.  every team in the league has to worry about luxury tax.  no owner is going to pay 50 million out of his own pocket every year to compete, especially when a lot of teams aren't even making money
crig521::doesn't matter. he may do it 1 year but consecutive years of being way over the cap isn't going to happen. the penalty is just way too harsh.
bobbydagreat::If it meant winning championships, Les would do it in a heartbeat, he's not broke.
HoopsSharpie::we can't afford the tax
bobbydagreat::Again, yes they could, if they wanted to. If it meant winning championships Les Alexander would spring for that in a heartbeat.
dtcooper07::also hurts loaded teams the heat will have to blow it up after next year due to the repeater tax
dtcooper07::like they willl have to get all the way under the cap for 1 year and they cant do that with 2 max deals on their payroll
bobbydagreat::They won't have to, they might choose to, that's not the same thing.
dj_kelo05::Howard will not be Laker next year multiple sources have said he hates it there because he get bashed by the fans media and teammates...+ Kobe and him doesnt get along
mvbortolin::houston will not win a championship for 15+ years. half the college teams understand more defense than them.
dj_kelo05::The thing is if Kobe decides to stick around past 2014 season then it will be more problems and it will be another orlando situation
davethewave91::He's been bashed everywhere the last two years and it'll continue regardless of where he's at if he doesn't start taking his game seriously.
dj_kelo05::@davethewave91 I dont think Howard is really concerned about winning a championship while putting up with scrutiny he rather jump ship and take his chances elsewhere
bobbydagreat::davethewave91 - The other foot's on the Rockets throat.  LOL, you must be joking.
davethewave91::The other foot's on the Rockets throat.
HoopsSharpie::lebron is either going back to cleveland or staying in miami
bobbydagreat::Well you might not be sure, but it would, a lot. The AARP Lakers might make the playoffs this year, but they have one foot in the grave.
davethewave91::LA's finally starting to play decently and if they fire D'Antoni (like they should) at the end of the year, they can be set up for a strong run.  LA's had to deal with a ton this year and will likely finish with a better record than Houston despite that.  Not sure leaving LA to go to Houston would improve his shot at a Championship.  Especially with LA ramped up to go after Bron the next year.
bobbydagreat::Winning would solve everything which is why I think he heads to Houston to team up with Harden.
TexasLonghorns247::Okay well I'm out everyone! Have a nice evening and get a good sleep.
HoopsSharpie::finally
HoopsSharpie::go to bed already cranky one
TexasLonghorns247::Please get off whatever you're smoking.
Taco with a Q::East predictions at the end of the reg season. Agree? Disagree?  1. Heat (obviously)  2. Pacers (Only team in the East with a real shot at the upset)  3. Nets (I think the Bulls have a better record, but the Nets win the div)  4. Bulls (good enough for 4th, but inconsistant offense)  5. Hawks (sure why not)  6. Knicks (I honestly think they slip that much)  7. Bucks (Big ? here, but we'll see how Redick does)  8. Raptors (They have been winning impressive games since they aquired Gay)    Celtics I think will slip and I think Rondo's injury will eventually catch up to them, Sixers are too deplated on injury
dtcooper07::pacers vs bulls east conf. finals
dtcooper07::pacers could cause real problems for the heat and so can the bulls with drose
crig521::lol. d rose isn't coming back that is the only chance of that occurring
Taco with a Q::I would LOVE that honestly
Taco with a Q::I appreciate the options guys, Knicks tho havent won a road game since I believe mid December tho
TexasLonghorns247::Hawks will slip, Knicks won't fall that much, and Bucks will get 8th.
Taco with a Q::Thats my bold prediction, C's have played well without Rondo but we'll see how they play the final month
crig521::agree except for c's dropping.
TexasLonghorns247::Doubt the C's fall out and doubt the Raptors get in.
dtcooper07::cant wait for the draft morey treats 2nd rd picks like gold mcdermott, franklin, or kabongo i would be happy
crig521::if lebron goes back to cleveland and teams up with kyrie i give up
TexasLonghorns247::I don't think Myck will go 2nd round.
HoopsSharpie::we need to start trading all these picks and young guys for proven mid-vets
HoopsSharpie::crig521 - you definitely can't pay all of them.  next year the luxury tax goes up to 1.50$ for every dollar over the cap and it's going to hurt a lot of teams.  teams are gonna have to be smart moving forward especially small markets  exactly
dtcooper07::its gonna send lebron back to cleveland lol
bobbydagreat::HoopsSharpie - bobbydagreat - There isn't a hard cap, you could pay all of them.  you know we can't afford the tax  Why not? Les Alexander is one of the richest owners in the NBA, if the team is winning championships, he sure as hell would fork out the cash
dtcooper07::i was referring to his contract vs his production makes him to valuable to trade
crig521::you definitely can't pay all of them.  next year the luxury tax goes up to 1.50$ for every dollar over the cap and it's going to hurt a lot of teams.  teams are gonna have to be smart moving forward especially small markets
HoopsSharpie::bobbydagreat - There isn't a hard cap, you could pay all of them.  you know we can't afford the tax
bobbydagreat::There isn't a hard cap, you could pay all of them.
HoopsSharpie::dtcooper07 - yea parsons is almost untradable  no one ever said to trade parsons. he's locked down at SF.
HoopsSharpie::crig521 - the problem is teams don't want to trade good young guys on rookie deals.  well, even if all the young guys pan out, you can't eventually afford to pay all of them, at which point you'd lose them for nothing.  so you have to trade now.
crig521::yep ... perhaps the best contract in the league
dtcooper07::yea parsons is almost untradable
crig521::the problem is teams don't want to trade good young guys on rookie deals.
dtcooper07::no we dont have a first this year if we make the playoffs goes to atl i think but we have the suns 2nd which will fall in the 30-36 range
dtcooper07::i want kabongo for lins backup reminds me a lot of a poor mans ty lawson
crig521::yeah I want Mcdermott in the 2nd for the wiz.  I think Franklin will go in the 1st this year tho he has a lot of potential and this draft is weak
crig521::who do you want in the draft?  you will prob get somewhere around the 15th pick
bobbydagreat::Probably not, the Rockets don't keep their 1st rounder if they make the playoffs.
TexasLonghorns247::If the Clips start to suck for this 2nd half along with a 1st round exit I think CP3 will leave. Just my thoughts though.
dtcooper07::he wouldnt leave but i do think the clips lose in the 1st rd
bobbydagreat::Where would he go?
TexasLonghorns247::Maybe a team like Dallas or ATL? They've both got a lot of $. Still my scenario is highly unlikely.
crig521::1st round exit? no way
HoopsSharpie::you need to start worrying about the celtics
TexasLonghorns247::You act like you're getting stalked. This is ESPN if you post an "insider article" which you apparently have you won't get killed for it. Your account was recently made and you could hit the EDIT button if you wanted to. Stop posting false information.
HoopsSharpie::TexasLonghorns247 - Don't tell me to get it together when you're the one making up trades. Just because it works in trade machine doesn't mean it'll happen.  haven't made up a single trade, you just don't have good info.
TexasLonghorns247::Don't tell me to get it together when you're the one making up trades. Just because it works in trade machine doesn't mean it'll happen.
HoopsSharpie::TexasLonghorns247 - You need to worry about the voices you're hearing in your head.  you're all over the map, get it together.
TexasLonghorns247::You need to worry about the voices you're hearing in your head.
bobbydagreat::"i wonder why they did that? oh wait...the all star game was in houston."  Harden and Howard were the only 2 that did that....not a coincidence. Also if you look at it further, he looks over at Kobe, and then throws up the Houston "H", he won't be in LA next year.  See it for yourself. http://i1253.photobucket.com/albums/hh600/Rodman2124/Dh_zpsb4c7da30.gif
HoopsSharpie::you've been drinking all day bobby
bobbydagreat::I wish.
crig521::Harden and Parsons are real nice.  If i was a rockets fan i wouldn't trust J Lin as my starting Pg.  I feel like if you guys got a legit pg to pair with Harden you could do some damage in the west.
Eden Knight::Lin's not going anywhere, and haters always say the same thing after every loss. Can't even blame this loss on him. Rockets were up by 17, and there's no way you can fault only one guy for blowing that lead.
HoopsSharpie::well, we're going to have to cross that bridge when we come to it. we'll try to trade lin at end of next year.
bobbydagreat::"you really think he'd leave the lakers...if he did he'd be losing like 30 mill"  I explained this before, but I'll do so again. It wouldn't really be 30 million. 25 million of that is in the 5th year, unless you are thinking Howard will be out of the NBA in 5 years, he'll make that in his next deal. A large chunk of the remaining 5 mil will be eaten up by taxes in California that don't exist in Texas. In the end, what we are talking about is very little difference in money, but if he's on the Rockets, he's on a championship contender every year of the contract, if he's in LA, he's on the second best team in the city struggling for the privilege of being a first round exit from the playoffs.
Ryan192847::He'll get more endorsement money on whichever team wins more games.
davethewave91::It's not just about the taxes.  Don't forget LA vs Hou.  99.9% of young guys are picking LA to live.  Secondary income.  He'll get much more endorsement money in LA.  And we don't know who will be in LA with him next year.  There should be a lot of changes down the pike.
crig521::I understand he will make that up likely, but that isn't a given. Howard and Josh Smith can't guarantee they will be coveted as much or even if at all when they are done their next deals.  what if they get hurt.  they have to take the extra year and the extra 20-30 million , it's just smart business.
bobbydagreat::Not a lot to give up for a shot at a championship or two...
HoopsSharpie::he loves living in L.A., case closed.  dallas is his emergency plan.
bobbydagreat::Your sources have never been correct Chris.
TexasLonghorns247::anyway CP3 leaves LAC?
dtcooper07::yea 0%
TexasLonghorns247::I think a 1st round exit would make him want out.
crig521::no chance . 0%
dj_kelo05::doubt it unless clippers pull some type of $@%!$@%! trade
HoopsSharpie::no
TexasLonghorns247::Do you even know what credibility is without having to look it up?
HoopsSharpie::TexasLonghorns247 - Just saying you've got no credibility.  got plenty actually
TexasLonghorns247::Just saying you've got no credibility.
HoopsSharpie::go to bed you're getting cranky
TexasLonghorns247::did your "sources" tell you that too?
dj_kelo05::To end this argument... In 2009 Trevor Ariza was 39% FG 33%  during the season off the bench He was 49% FG 47% 3pt during the Lakers playoff run starting (Lakers won in the Finals) So he was a 3 pt option when it counted and thats for a championship
crig521::i said that.  i said he had a good 20 game stretch where he could shoot 3's. why does that matter..... he is a career .317 shooter from 3.  there are plenty of guys who have had a good 20 game stretch from 3 who aren't good shooters.
dtcooper07::like i said i didnt go look at the stats i just saw him drain 3's and play d in the playoffs then the rockets signed him to a $@%!$@%! deal
bobbydagreat::Anyway, now that the Rockets have Robinson, and DMo is starting to show what he can do, there really isn't any need for Josh Smith or ANY PF. I think the Rockets play is for Howard. If not, maybe a SF, but the deal that makes the most sense would be for Howard.
TexasLonghorns247::Howard is the Lakers future unless Hakeem will give Howard a tip or two about Houston I wouldn't count on it. I think waiting for next years FA's is the best idea for you guys.
crig521::why would you touch the SF spot? Parsons is beast.  I wouldn't trust Robinson to be your PF of the future, there is a reason the Kings traded him.  Yes, they wanted to dump salary but if they thought he was going to be great would they have traded him?  it's too early to tell tho he could become nice
dtcooper07::the kings traded trob in the end to get cousins buddy there to babysit his attitude!
bobbydagreat::I really wouldn't, sort of why I have come around on the idea of getting Howard.
HoopsSharpie::exactly, parsons is set at SF.  it's so obvious we just need a proven PF and some guard help.
bobbydagreat::Also there is reason to believe he'd have interest.  Harden's intro at the ASG http://i82.photobucket.com/albums/j259/johnnyturner/hardenallstar_zpsda53885b.jpg  Howard's intro at the ASG http://www.image8.net/images/dwighth.png  Not a coincidence they were the only two throwing up the Houston "H"
dtcooper07::he already loses like 30 mil over his contract.... state taxes!!! its atlanta or houston for howard!!!
dj_kelo05::crig there are a lot of teams that can pay Howard max money starting with the Hawks so money isnt a argument...its about where he wants to play
crig521::i wonder why they did that? oh wait...the all star game was in houston.  you really think he'd leave the lakers...if he did he'd be losing like 30 mill
dj_kelo05::he is in love with brooklyn...maybe nets will trade Lopez to the Rockets
dj_kelo05::so u would spend more money on Howard terrible at FT and weak in the post but not Lopez even though he would be cheaper than Howard better in the post and FT?
HoopsSharpie::dj_kelo05 - better than asik  and way more expensive
dj_kelo05::better than asik
HoopsSharpie::don't want lopez
HoopsSharpie::but then you want howard playing PF
TexasLonghorns247::The Hawks need to do a S&amp;T or just pay Josh what he wants otherwise they're the biggest losers of the trade deadline in a while.
dtcooper07::btw the trob deal just became official tonight about 10pm
crig521::Josh ruined it for them by saying he wanted max money.
HoopsSharpie::he said just the opposite actually
HoopsSharpie::well it's their fault since they cancelled the trade they already agreed to
HoopsSharpie::TexasLonghorns247 - Yeah the Bucks are probably a bit sad the Hawks backed out last minute on their trade.  huh?
TexasLonghorns247::Yeah the Bucks are probably a bit sad the Hawks backed out last minute on their trade.
TexasLonghorns247::As far as I know Josh Smith was going to be a Buck never a Rocket.
HoopsSharpie::wrong
MafiaYang::sorry this isnt your third grade teacher talking to you
TexasLonghorns247::Actually I'm not. I can actually list several links for you.
bobbydagreat::My sources say he's right.
MR0908::Damn... Rockets suck
TexasLonghorns247::I wouldn't say that.
HoopsSharpie::get lost idiot
MafiaYang::says the bum on welfare
TexasLonghorns247::Acquiring Thomas Robinson was good for you guys, but can he be productive right away?
dtcooper07::lots of gms flipped out when they heard about trob going to houston... go read grantlands article about the trade!
dtcooper07::yea he was number 2 on their board too
bobbydagreat::Yup, Morey actually wanted to trade for the 5th pick to draft Robinson, which makes it even funnier.
crig521::ehh Morey always lies
dtcooper07::tough to tell he was widely considered the 2nd best player in the draft and the safe pick in the top 5
dtcooper07::he was in a terrible situation for a young talent too
crig521::I'm pretty sure only the Kings had him as their 2nd overall
crig521::sorry but he was not widely regarded as the 2nd best player in the draft.  Beal and Mkg were EASILY above him
bobbydagreat::He has all the physical tools needed, he just needs someone to develop his talent and the Rockets are good at that.
bobbydagreat::As a rebounder, yes. IMO he's a hybrid Kenneth Fareid/Josh Smith type of player who can add defense and rebounding as well as an alley oop option for Lin.
HoopsSharpie::bobbydagreat - Obviously not.  yay for the all white front line!
bobbydagreat::Obviously not.
HoopsSharpie::asik and parsons are enough for the glass
HoopsSharpie::no
TexasLonghorns247::I may have been born at night but it wasn't last night. Nice try but unless you list proof of this statement I'll believe you're lying.
HoopsSharpie::TexasLonghorns247 - why don't you list 2 or 3 of them?  i can't, they're inside sources and there's people who read this board, i'll just leave it at that.
TexasLonghorns247::why don't you list 2 or 3 of them?
HoopsSharpie::TexasLonghorns247 - do you have any reliable sources or are you just making this up?  yes, plenty of reliable sources
bobbydagreat::Of course he's just making it up, he's a Josh Smith fan who wanted him to go to Houston. Think of it as fan fiction.
TexasLonghorns247::do you have any reliable sources or are you just making this up?
TexasLonghorns247::Evidently not... Don't tell me you're using Chris Broussard's "sources"
dtcooper07::no they said before the deadline that they loved trob and wouldnt put him in any deal to be flipped
HoopsSharpie::TexasLonghorns247 - Who said that, hoops?  it's a known fact
TexasLonghorns247::Who said that, hoops?
HoopsSharpie::atlanta agreed to trade him for jsmoove but then cancelled on us
bobbydagreat::In his mind the Rockets were going to trade him for Josh Smith.
TexasLonghorns247::so what you guys have plans on trading him?
HoopsSharpie::also, he was only acquired to be immediately flipped
TexasLonghorns247::I think Josh is worth his current contract. Maybe even 14 Mill. You guys underrate his defense. For certain teams he could push them over the "hump"
crig521::I don't think he can be the 3rd best player on a contender, and his salary is going to be paying him like a #1 or #2 option.  He is just one of those players that you have to pay because he has talent but he isn't going to get you deep into the playoffs.  If he was willing to make like 5-7 per year he could go to a contender and be awesome, but that would never happen.
TexasLonghorns247::if he'd be willing just to keep his current contract or make 1 mill more or 2 mill less he could be on a contender.
dtcooper07::yea i wish they would go get granger and move parsons to a 6th man role off the bench would make the team a ton better
bobbydagreat::Yeah, you might be right, but the Rockets don't have any need for him so I probably underrate him a bit.
HoopsSharpie::he wouldn't be a 6th, 3 of the current ones won't even be on the team next year
bobbydagreat::We don't need him because we have Robinson, DMo, and Jones among others, why add a 6th PF?
HoopsSharpie::yeah we don't need him because we have 5 project PF's and want to have an all white front line
HoopsSharpie::i don't underrate him at all, there's a few guys here who don't want jsmoove despite him being a rocket before atlanta cancelled and screwed us
TexasLonghorns247::How much do you all think Josh Smith is worth?
dtcooper07::if you are talking value vs production its about 10 mil but with teams having to overpay to get someone it will be 15 mil ballpark for him to sign
dj_kelo05::on a good day a maybach on a bad day a foodstamp
dtcooper07::hes worth 10mil but will get payed 14-16 mil
HoopsSharpie::about $8M less than dwight, but better numbers
bobbydagreat::10-12 mil a year. That said, he'll make a lot more
TexasLonghorns247::Oh... I gotcha!
bobbydagreat::I edited it after I originally posted it
TexasLonghorns247::my apologize I didn't read the end.
bobbydagreat::Yeah, That's what he worth, he'll make a lot more.
TexasLonghorns247::he's making 13 mill right now.
TexasLonghorns247::For some teams it may be worth paying Josh Smith the max.   I know I wish my C's would try to get Josh via S&amp;T this off season. Of course not at the max.
dtcooper07::he makes 13 mil now he not taking a pay cut
HoopsSharpie::we're going to get him for $12-$13M for 4 years
TexasLonghorns247::Being realistic I doubt that. He'll end up taking the max or going to a contender for like 16 mill.
bobbydagreat::"and Dwight isn't a possibility. especially if the lakers make the playoffs this year."  I disagree, if the Rockets offer him a deal he'd be a fool to turn it down. The money over the course of the contract in Houston would be about the same that he'd get in 4 years in LA after taxes and in Houston he'd have the opportunity to be on championship contending teams every single year of the contract. No other team that can offer him a max deal can offer him that. If the Rockets want Howard, they'll have him.
davethewave91::Here's the problem with your scenario.  First, LA or Houston?  99%+ young males are going to choose LA.  Second, with endorsement income, LA is vastly superior to HOU or anywhere else outside of NY.  Third, we have no idea what the Lakers team will look like next year.  I could see LA amnesty Artest, resign Clark, and trade Pau's expiring contract.  I could see them also replacing D'Antoni.  Those moves coupled with Howard's improving chemistry with Nash could make him strongly consider LA.
TremorsIsTheGreatestMovieEver::I'll leave you tonight with this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jx87atIFbKI
