AndySportsB::THUNDERup now to go to Houston.
randalll48::I am not one to endorse cappers but The Ambassador at www . bettor believe it . c o m is hands down the best guy I have ever used. All of his plays are 100% documented and come with full write-ups. If you want to hit at 75% mark or higher, honestly use the best in the nation
CandySparker::I love O.K. City.
David 454 Texans::C'mon Rockets play for that draft pick ; )
FatMagic383::Crap!  We have to play the Thunder again tomorrow?
offthechains03::Yes, I'm a Rockets fan and I hope we keep losing. This team is going nowhere fast and we need to stop being a middle of the draft team and get some high draft picks or we will not be relevant for a long time. No good free agents are coming to Houston. We should trade Scola while he still has some value.
JeremyWilcox1::Yeah, trade him and Kmart for some draft picks. This team just isn't very exciting.
natskivna::Ugly Ugly Ugly.......  That is all.....
rj10328::Rockets Will Defend Home Court. You can bet that.
Michael40263::It will be a long time and many draft picks down the line before we can compete in the west.
coleward50::get Yao back!
Slurm Soda::Only 112 comments WTF?
Dr.Killapatient...::This board sucks...
coleward50::no the Rockets suck
FatMagic383::Your mom is my Rocket!!
ChuckOlajuwon::Stupid decision to fire Adelman last year, is still stupid.
rj10328::Bring our coach BACK!!!!
Adrianch01::Stupid decision of letting The chuck wagon go. He can actually play defense..
Darrel3k::This is hard to watch as a Rockets fan lol.
tapioo::at least you're hanging in there and didn't decide to bandwagon
IAMpunter2609::$@%! OFF THUNDER
cleb976::When starting...Goran Dragic averages 13.4 PPG, 7.8 AST, 7.8 REB, and 1.4 STL. Just an interesting fact.
richdeb126::THIS IS A BLOWOUT
bobbydagreat::Did you expect otherwise?
anono47::Harden has been the Thunder's best player so far this season.
benjwils::game winning shots durant 1 harden 0
tapioo::you are an idiot
anono47::In 149 shots and 59 free throws, KD has 209 points this season. In 80 shots and 57 free throws, Harden has 142 points.  KD's true shooting percentage is 59.73% Harden's true shooting percentage is 67.57%.  Harden is much more efficient at scoring so far this year.
coleward50::how are you more comfortable with James having the ball than Kevin? please tell me why
anono47::No it's not. I'm more comfortable seeing the ball in his hands than durant's. As for the rest of the team, there is no competition.
cod4hooper::Lol that's pushing it.
richdeb126::yo guys i just came across this new sports blog, looks kinda new but has some good stuff on it    www.shortsportshorts.com
cleb976::How do you Rockets fans feel about Goran Dragic?
bobbydagreat::He's good for a backup.
cod4hooper::I'm a Thunder fan but I think he's great...he'll get much better down the stretch. He needs a more reliable scorer on his squad being that he's a pass first pg.
cleb976::Personally, as a Suns fan, I miss him a lot as our backup and I felt he had potential to be our future starting PG...then we traded him away for Aaron Brooks who is playing in China right now
bobbydagreat::I fully support the Rockets plans to lose all of the rest of their games this year. Might as well get a good pick in the draft and work towards the future, this team isn't going anywhere as currently constructed. Thanks, David Stern.
cod4hooper::What sucks is it's rare that the worst team ends up getting the first pick...
bobbydagreat::Not a problem, the draft should be pretty good and just getting the Rockets in the top ten would be better than they have done since they got Yao.
Seven13Hou::that what it looks like there doing its a cake walk for the thunder
austrislaksa::Durant!!!
T8ke_A_Picture::I'm not watching the game, but Ibaka hit a 3? I always thought he be shooting 18 ft away and be like he mind of well shoot the 3.
cod4hooper::Time was winding down for the half.
JLANTS2355::http://sportsleech.com works great!!  thanks for the stream link!
cod4hooper::So I know Lowry isn't playing but man this is ugly...
Giantiki::Harden is something else. Deceptively athletic and great all-around player. He'd be an all-star candidate if he wasn't in a congested backcourt. And ya gotta love the beard.
seanmfrost4200::Is it half
winterfresh98::Brian Davis = Voldemort
fussball22::imagine how many points he could rack up in like 42 minutes
cod4hooper::If my math is correct, based off your previous comment I would have to say 42 points lol
fussball22::he has 13 points in 13 minutes
bradbakecsc::why is Harden not a starter, i never understand it.
coleward50::Because Tabo is a much better defender and they need a man to score for second unit
RollThunder35::SPARK OFF THE BENCH!
cod4hooper::Because he runs the offense for the second unit. They shouldn't be 3 scorers on the first unit and none on the second.
fussball22::James Harden needs more playing time
WSUcougsBaby::Why isn't Lowry playing?
seanmfrost4200::Sprained foot
austrislaksa::Durant vs Martin. Durant wins.
Jakaroo007::Since when is Scola a first option,dirty euro,hilarious
Bryce_Smith574156::Houston Rockets vs. Oklahoma City Thunder   i found a site that might help:   http://bit.ly/xtb1xa
austrislaksa::Thunder offence as always, but defense- just rockets missed shots,
Adrianch01::Rockets just suck on Defense. On offense, Lowry always penetrated the Paint and then passed it to a wide open player for an easy shot.
100_Spoke_City::Coach.... we are up by 20 six minutes before the half... Let the starters sit,  keep the 2nd unit in...  Its a short season, rest em while u can
Welcome2daGoodBurger::man this is the highest scoring halftime intermission ive ever seen
mmali386::just checked the play by play and its says 6 minutes left in second quarter
jaredscism::6 mins left in 2nd; OKC  46   HOU. 27
Adrianch01::Yup, and the rockets are getting demolished without Westbrook or Durant playing.
Welcome2daGoodBurger::whats the real half time score? 1str it said 36-23 half now its 44-25??
jaredscism::Why isn't Perkins playing tonight?
bhotkesh::So they really scored 2 and 5 points in the second quarter? ..lol-- were they playing soccer?
austrislaksa::Durant is better than Westbrook!
coleward50::i dont think austrislaksa thinks before he types...
Welcome2daGoodBurger::no ones arguing that point...
100_Spoke_City::Lets go Cook
foomfanda::WHERE IS MICHAEL JORDAN IN ALL OF THESE?
Uoflcardsboi::Now all these players have something in common: Kwame Brown, Darko Milicic, Darius Miles, Greg Oden, Hasheem Thabeet.  Can anyone tell me what it is?
MississippiStateDawgs::all but one of them played for the grizzlies. Great talent evaluation in Memphis
RyGuy102093::darius miles isn't a center
Adrianch01::Best centers EVER!!!!!
Adrianch01::Well the Rockets traded Battier for Thabeet and for somebody else.
Uoflcardsboi::Correct. Because some teams traded in multiple 1st and 2nd round picks just for one of these players and it ended up totally working in their favor.....
Adrianch01::At this point, I would of gladly took that deal for Gasol.
AndySportsB::Westbrook doing alright so far!
Adrianch01::We can't defend, so of course he is going to do alright..
vonsteve1668::The way the season is going, I'd rather watch Sprockets than the Rockets.
HTownRprsntr::Thank goodness for football
Adrianch01::I know right. This year, the Rockets have been disappointing. I miss the CHUCKWAGON! Someone that can actually defend!
