Joshua Hsu::are we watching one of the worst collective halves of the entire season so far? both teams at 30% shooting - missing open jumpers.
Brenda Murphy Donoghue::both teams combined 2 for 27 from three point line and they keep shooting them lmao
Joseph Evans::Let's Tank Sixers!!! WOOOOOO!!!!
Isaiah Knight::we need Carter-Williams to win
Ali Lukie Ozeir::The City of Sisterly love LOL The 76ers won't win another game this season have fun looking forward to the Ping Pongs knowing the 76ers and there bad luck they probably will have the worst record in the NBA and won't even get a Top 5 pick lol. Trey Burke is going to be way better then Carter Williams
Tyler Kavookjian::Well of course hes no kobe, lebron, or wade. But hes been a huge surprise so far. he may very well become just as good as any other star. probably not, but its just too early to tell. He can only get better. With time im sure hell become a great player. He deserves the hype. he had a horrible awful pre-season but has proven   he has what it takes to be great
Donald EQ Fields Jr.::The Clippers need this game, as far as the whole Michael Carter Williams HYPE... I'm over it, he had a few good games. But he's no Kobe, LeBron, Wade, or Iverson lol He's a good player, with some skill. But I don't expect Philadelphia to be going to the Eastern Conference Finals anytime soon.
Xavier Loveless::Clippers@79ers ::::  w.atch.me/gNO8gK
John Oliva::Xavier Loveless
Joseph Evans::Clippers are easily the most overrated team in the West this year. Other than Paul and Blake (who's overrated himself) they got nobody. They should trade Jordan and Griffin to the Knicks for Melo and Tyson Chandler.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Its easy to make a foolish statement like that when they are missing half of their wingmen to injury.
Joseph Evans::Ikenna Nwaghanata Their wingmen aren't that good (Dudley and Crawford is okay, but that's about it). If you trade Blake and Jordan you get Scoring and defense for Melo and Chandler. Besides Melo might do it as a way out of NYC and goes to LA. (which his wifey...who controls what he does...wants him to do anyway.)
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Joseph Evans No you get Melo and an overrated bum who hasn't done anything for the Knicks in the playoffs since he left the Mavs. Why would the CLipper swap for Chandler when they have a younger player who will be better than him over the next 5 years? And I think you forgot about Redick. Last I check he is one of the best shooters in the league and his ability o run off screens and make mid range jumpers gives an added element to the Clipper's offense.
Samit Jain::6ers have worst squad in history... not one player in team should be playing at this level. Fans should be refunded!
Stanley Little::Evan Turner shouldn't be playing at this level/? Im a clips fan and I know he should be
Shayn Fite::^^Agreed. Also, MCW has been pulling down video game numbers bro. Literally. I just started playing 2k14 MyCareer and I'm not even averaging 18 pts, 6reb, 3 stls, and 7 ast. Not to mention hovering around triple double territory multiple times this season.
Dean Helming::Jackson's going to show these guys how to make it rain.  What a great locker room guy.
Samit Jain::6ers could be the worst team in history of NBA
Joey Fontanazza::i do not understand how you could say that when they have a better record than the knicks, nets, and celtics
Samit Jain::Joey Fontanazza watch them play... they wont win another game
Joey Fontanazza::Samit Jain i bet you they will you watch dont let a record fool you on how much passion a team could play with
Jon Stockwell::Jared Dudley is god awful
Brian Sullivan::Anyone talking trash on my sixers is just... well... ridiculous. We as fans want this team to lose, so if anything, you're kind of agreeing with us. Watch out NBA fans this team is going to be a force to reckon with in a few years.
Joshua Hsu::WOW. this is a high scoring pace that is gonna end up being a terrible offensive game. Dudley, keep shooting jumpers. Clippers should be driving every possession, but they are shooting almost all jumpers.
Jake Pool::Don't have to play defense when neither team can shoot,0-12 from 3,doesn't one accidentally go in? And griffin don't get paid enough to make ft's,him and Jordan make Dwight Howard look like stockton
Joshua Hsu::dudley and green...please keep shooting. Clippers only running plays for their two worst scorers to start. confusing.
Rodney Sargent::The clippers have no identity each game they look like a pretender to me, how come u cant score against these 76ers with ease they r terrible on defense
Justin Taslak::what are you talking about? The Clippers aren't even playing at 50% and they are making the Sixers look bad right now
Justin Taslak::There's this mentality that most NBA teams get when they play crappy teams, or playing down to your opponent. That's all you're seeing right here, stop making such a big deal about it
Brenda Murphy Donoghue::Justin Taslak The whole league is horrible nothing like the bird and magic days terrible the nba sucks
Jake Pool::Jordan gets paid millions to brick free throws,I'd cut his a s s,could give a s h I t if he can jump,put him on the line
Jdzspace Espn::to be fair, he is a very good defensive presence protecting the rim
Joshua Hsu::really hope sixers hack-a-jordan in the 2nd half. easiest way to get back in a game.
Jake Pool::I agree jd,just kills me these guys get paid and won't work on a simple part of the game
Brenda Murphy Donoghue::Blake Griffin pathetic at the free throw line wow
Jake Pool::0-12 from 3,whole team should be in the d-league
Brenda Murphy Donoghue::Like i said the whole nba sucks
Ron Schaffer::76ers hot start to the season is a fading memory.
Casey H. Robinson::Man, the Clippers need Jackson. NOW.
Jdzspace Espn::i don't think anyone has said those words about any team since.......what was the year Jackson was good?
Casey H. Robinson::Look, they need a guy to hold down the fort.  He doesn't need to score 20, he just needs to keep the D honest..
Jdzspace Espn::Casey H. Robinson - he hasn't been able to really do that since he played in Golden State though, not to say he won't thrive in the new environment, because he still has skills. But I don't know if he is a make it or break it guy for the Clippers is all
Samit Jain::will 6ers win another game this season?
Brett Wiley::#tankadelphia
