colintrapp::against the raptors.............   AGAINST the RAPTORS...................!
Road dog Red::A win quiets up all the fools
colintrapp::c's are washed up
34BigDaddyO::troll alert
CJW2103::I see the boards aren't alive with Celtics-haters today.
colintrapp::celtics suck
Boston Bruin Fan::Toronto is bad bad bad
KingchristopherII::how about ray allen and that three by K.G.
fastfootedone::nice team you got their Toronto!....LOL
reghner::Please save Bargnani. will not be a star but does not deserve a team like that
ACandOJ::Nothing will get you over .500 like the Cavs &amp; Raptors....
KingchristopherII::we are going to crush the knicks
Likemycomments::and next up the knicks are coming to town YAY!
JeannieGoldWeddingPlanner::Ainge still needs to dump these guys. Sorry.
KingchristopherII::you dont have a life and you need to watch the nba . pierce is back 100%.
colintrapp::1 game over .500.
badger972::Greg, your 4 rebounds and a steal for 7 minutes is great. Just keep going!
ShaqLee_1::This franchise is a joke. They should move to the city of Baltimore, have another Chicago team, or St.Louis. Anywhere but Toronto. I don't know how Bosh and Vince Carter did it for all those years
Zonker40::Wow... the papers should read "Celtics Contract Raptors"... that's about the only appropriate adjective.
ds174006::$@%!$@% hilarious
Meet Pope Tebow::Im no literary genius, and i have been smoking weed and drinking, but i believe that is a verb
autigers1989::I said it the other night and I say it again, play the youth more.  It will keep the C's from having to rebuild from scratch after this season.  Also, note Jajuan Johnson shot 100% from the field.  He needs to learn to be able to give the C's a solid 10 Minutes a game.  No defensive let down due to fatigue, elder statesman get reduced play time, entire team plays better.  Since, the Celtics have played so much better without Rondo, maybe a trade of Rondo is necessary.  Especially if the SOB dosen't learn to shot, I mean come on even Magic Johnson learned to shot well enough that you had to respect his J. Without his ability to shot the C's will always be playing 4 against 5 with him on the court. I like Rondo but is time in his NBA career to step up and learn to shoot.
NBA_refs_are_weak::its a real shame too because hes probably quicker than most guards, if not the quickest. if he could ever make defenders have to play him up close, he'd have so much penetration every game
rackem_smackemm::This was a nice win but nothing to really brag about. Celts have lost to just about every good team they've played so far. Only impressive win has been against the Pacers.
rackem_smackemm::I can make a determination on what has presented itself so far. I'm not making a determination on the future. That's called speculation. And when your team consistently has an injury excuse (KG one year, Perk the next, Rondo the next) it should also tell you something. You say they get it done "year after year" when in fact they only got it "done" one time. And we're 4 years removed from that. The most recent data shows them getting sent home 4-1 in the second round. But, oh yeah, Rondo hurt himself so it doesn't count.  Again, when they can distinguish themselves against better teams, then I'll put more stock into it. The Sixers have a stretch of 6 tough games right now. If they can win the majority of those then they will be for real. The Celts failed when they had that chance, but they still have 40+ games to prove themselves.
rackem_smackemm::What does previous years have to do with this one? What did Dallas prove before they took it all last season? Each season is judged on  its own merits. The facts are that this team has mostly beaten bad teams and mostly lost to good ones. That can't even be debated if you just look at the schedules. Can they be great? Maybe...Maybe not. It remains to be seen. Which is why I'm holding out that determination at this point. And I have the same opinion of the Sixers but they showed a little something tonight.
Jdzspace::see, that is just it. your not holding any determination. you said the Celtics were middle of the pack. that is a determination on the team. that is what i'm responding to.   you can't make that kind of assessment because those good teams we lost too, we lost to without either our top scorer (Pierce) or the guy who runs our offense who is also a top tier PG (Rondo).   so you really can't draw anything about the Celtics as a team. only how they have played given the circumstances, which by nature is in flux so any determination is provabley false.
rackem_smackemm::Magic were 11-4 and the only quality wins they had were against the Blazers &amp; Lakers. If you can call the Laker win a quality win. It was only a matter of time before that team imploded. Celtics just happened to be there when it happened. When I see Boston beat more of the teams they're likely to play in the playoffs then I'll give them more credit. Right now, they're just another team in the pack that needs to distinguish itself. Nothing special so far.
Jdzspace::the Celtics have proven themselves year after year. It doesn't make any sense to judge them when they have yet to have their starting 5 on the floor at the same time up to this point.   I mean you can, but it's silly to judge the team fully when they have done as much as can be expected given the circumstances.
Jdzspace::nah, the Magic were on a streak and were 2nd best in the East record wise. and up to that point most teams had padded schedules. the only teams that have played a lot of high caliber teams were. . . .. .well. .  .us and LA i think. i mean of the 21 games we have had we have already played the Heat, the Mavs, the Thunder, the Magic, the Bulls not to mention indiana 3 times.   so out of 21 games, we have played 9 games against good teams. and gone 3-6 in that stretch. and in EVERY ONE of those games we were missing a MINIMUM of 1 starter and 2 reserves.   so yeah. . ..
rackem_smackemm::I'll be a believer when they rack up some wins against good teams. Last time they hit a stretch like that they went 0-5. Beating the Wiz &amp; the Pistons  doesn't really mean a whole lot when you consider yourself a contender. That's just doing what you're supposed to do against bad teams you'll never see in the playoffs.
bodegas15::There is still 2/3's of a season to go
rackem_smackemm::When you look at who the Magic had beaten up to then you realize that their record was padded with bad teams.
falseprophet2012::The two against the Magic were much more impressive then the Pacers win. At that point the Magic were on a roll and the Celtics ended their momentum.
bodegas15::I knew this would happen. Good job Celtics.
Nazi. America 1.2.::Daniels appears to have fallen out of favor with Rivers.
Jdzspace::I would still really like to have a dialogue with the morons who said that the Celtics were going to get in back to backs and overall as the season moved on.   owell
falseprophet2012::false. they lost to the Hornets the night after the Heat in Miami.
ynot1825::FYI..C's are 4-0 in B2B.
KingchristopherII::well duh the celt's are beast
green solution::What?
Jdzspace::oh there were some haters who said that how the Celtics were playing without Pierce and Pietrus and other players that was the best they were going to be. and as the year moved on, the C's were going to get worse and worse and worse, especially in back to backs.   since then of course. .  .the opposite has happened.
Flop City::Wow. The Celtics beat another non playoff team. Shocking.
34BigDaddyO::Why does a Hawks fan post on a Celts board, EVERY day? When did the Celts last play the Hawks. Get a life dude.
NBA_refs_are_weak::rofl its the NBA. any team can beat any other team on any given night. im not saying they are a top 3 team now, but only ignorant nonsport people try to downplay 36 point wins and long winning streaks. it is what it is, they are hot right now and on a roll, regardless of who they play. stop trolling
NetworkDood::flop city shall now be called 'FLOG CITY'
falseprophet2012::Indiana and Magic twice d.ouche. they are coming for the others too.
KingchristopherII::and we beat the cavs their fans thought they could win by luck and turnovers two times in a row
falseprophet2012::overrated Heat and Bulls are brought down to earth today...........Thank you Bucks and Sixers
KingchristopherII::the sixers are okay i did not even think the bucks would be in the playoff picture
Kansas61CO99::Sixers are pretty good.  Bucks surprised me.
probrojeffro127::Man! that looks like a college score. Like a top 10 beating up on some back woods college. Keep going Cs!
nraudigy2::Why are teams so inconsistent from day to day? What do they do in practice?
CandySparker::
DRC1981::This is the point of the season where Celtics fans are confident they have turned the corner and are on the road back to the NBA Finals with their star trio of KG, Pierce, and Allen.   Sorry, but this isn't 2008, this is 2012, and the Celtics are done, period.   They'll be lucky to get the 8th seed, and I'd be afraid to watch the beat down the Miami Heat will lay on them in that round.
probrojeffro127::Wow! Mr. Negative. Why don't you go root for the Heat and bring them down. No, root for Chicago
falseprophet2012::DRC your a complete moron if you are certain that Miami will be the first seed and Boston the eight. The Celtics could move up much higher then that, especially since they are a seven right now and the Magic are on the brink of collapse and Dwight bolting for another team.
Jdzspace::do you not understand how playoff seeding works? we will be no further down than 3rd seed. that is how it works.   and what makes you think that the heat will be the top seed? where they last year? moron  and your right, it's not 2008, it's 2012 and the Celtics are deeper than they were in 08. more talented, and MUCH more deadly in the starting 5.   sorry junior, but we are far from done. but you go ahead and doubt us, you always end up looking stupid.
green solution::DRC makes good points, though. The Celtics are deep this year, but when they play the very top teams Doc will tighten up (as always) and go with his four old fogies for 300 minutes each. Example: JJ went 5-5 on FGs tonight. Doc will play him for 3 seconds the next game. Watch. And how on earth are the starting 5 today better than the 2008 starting five?
bunney39::I think we need some full contact Basketball, put up some boards and let em beat each others assses
TheCarterEffect::One game at a time C's let's do this. I can't wait to actually watch my team play after like a week lol
chrisdad4::Why isn't Jajuan Johnson playing more. 11 points in 10 minutes of action. What a monster.
mrmmonty::Been flipping out all season about JaJuan getting no minutes, and this is exactly the reason.  He's a legit talent and should not be sitting down at the end of the bench behind a career scrub like Wilcox.  Doc really needs to rethink his disdain for playing rookies at this point.  KG better be gone next season, and JaJuan is the best option they'll have going forward.  I've been saying it since they drafted him, but a core young team featuring Rondo, JaJuan, Jeff Green, alongside the aging Pierce and Ray Ray could still be fairly competitive while Ray and Paul go off into the sunset.
DaBostonStrangler10::Doc loves his vets. Just like Belichick loving to trade down in the draft instead of trading up and Claude Julien loving his fourth line. It's just one of those things that'll never change.
oreed born again sox4life::PLUS YOU CAN'T TAKE AWAY BASS MINUTES, BASS IS A PERFECT BACK-UP FOR KG
DaBostonStrangler10::Garbage time. But I see your point. Doc is the one that sees these guys every day in practice, so he obviously know what he's doing.
bigcelticsfan18::celtics finally over 500 their bench is  deep lets go boys i can see u guys making a run one more time at the finals i believe i n this lets go get 18 baby
jjmcauliffe92::Celtics go for 3 in a row vs the Knicks on FREE DAY
generalNOOB::the raptors suck but damn.. they got D'd up.
falseprophet2012::Celtics were still pissed from the Cavs mini-series. They were not gonna let that garbage happen again.
NoChorus12::This is quite possibly the worst Raptors blowout loss that I've watched.  Considering this is the Craptors we're talking about, that's saying something.
DominicanBOS::Rondo's injury might be a blessing in the long run...this made Doc have to play Moore &amp; Avery a lot minutes (plus Dooling's injury). If we make one player out of the two..lol...Avery's D + Moore's O...
DominicanBOS::Just hope that Danny doesn't trade Moore for a "rent a vet" scenario...like we did with Joe Johnson!
jjmcauliffe92::could not agree more.....if the C's make the playoffs, all this playing time by these other guys will help..no question
rjbx620::Why is that whenever the Heat lose a game, every moron and their mama blame LeBron?
Jdzspace::because he is the moron who sucks in the 4th quarters and talks about how many championships he is going to win  not 1, not 2. .. blah blah. he has earned every bit of the hate he gets.
Snuccio24::Lebron is more like a new age Scottie Pippen.. He works well alongside Wade but he is getting older.. Lebron should have went to Chicago to play with Rose and that would have built a dynasty for a decade. Rose is a true leader and together those 2 could have done some amazing things.
TheCarterEffect::Wade is 30 freal??
DominicanBOS::I think Rose has a better chance to be clutch...
falseprophet2012::Im not so sure neither Rose or Lebron has proven they are especially "clutch" players when it comes down to crunch time. I don't know if either have that "killer instinct"
Bostonsportzfan4life::Wade is 30 now right?  There big three I say has 5 years probably to do something.
quinn204::Patriots super bowls are as relevant as USC national titles in 2004 and 2005. i spy with my little eyes, a bunch of insecure cheaters!
emidizzle85::better get your eyes checked at lenscrafters
Jdzspace::yeah, 7 championships in 9 years. . .  .we are super insecure. lmao  jealousy is an ugly thing
Bostonsportzfan4life::Yeah.  Trust me I am optimistic but it is a cautious optimism.  This team beat us earlier this year and contained our offense to no points until the half way point of the 3rd quarter.  Big match up will be their front 4 vs our O-line.
Jdzspace::i'll believe that when i see it, i thought that back in 07 too.   I know we can. . . but i'm not going to assume anything, i learned my lesson last time
Bostonsportzfan4life::Bout to be 8 come sunday.
Bostonsportzfan4life::Oh boy here we go with the Spygate Crap again.    Yeah which is why they are 68-19 post spygate right?  Shows how relevant it is right? Which is why the Jets Did it in 2006 right?  Same with Denver in 2010 right?  They didn't even end with a winning record Which is Why Jimmy Johnson coach of the Cowboys did it in the 90s and won 2 superbowls right?  And he himself said that teams did it throughout the league that year right?  Put a sock in it Spygate is dead whether the Pats win it or not this year its obvious that it had minimal if any part of their success.
NoChorus12::I spy, with my little eye, a user with a sore butt.
DaBostonStrangler10::I think Lebron will have a career similar to Peyton Manning, Alex Rodriguez and even Ovechkin if he doesn't get his head out of his $@%. Consistently putting up elite numbers in the REGULAR SEASON throughout his career, and then not living up to his talents in the playoffs most years. But at some point I think he'll find a way to get a title one way or another like Peyton Manning and A-Rod did in their careers.
Bostonsportzfan4life::I hate to say it for LeBron but its not if he wins a title its when.  He'll get one MAYBE two but I think thats it.  Although they have talent this team has a big ego and it just seems if something isn't going their way they would lose that chemistry and start playing as 3 individuals.
Jdzspace::and it's just as likely, if not more so that Wade will get hurt (again) and miss time in the playoffs.   you just can't assume anything not only in sports, but in life in general
Bostonsportzfan4life::Well said man.  Despite my hatred I know the Heat are nasty BUT you are right you never know...one wrong plant on your knee and you could blow out your ACL in a snap.  LeBron would NEVER be the same player if he did that.
DaBostonStrangler10::I know dude. I'm just saying that the only way Lebron will win a title is if Wade goes off and averages 30 ppg in the postseason, or if Lebron FINALLY gets over the hump and stops choking when it matters most.
Jdzspace::nobody is entitled to a championship. nobody will automatically win one just because ESPN says so.   I just don't buy into that nonsense.   what happens if he comes down wrong and blows out his knee? what happens if Chris Bosh misses the rest of the year with injury? Wade? what about when the new CBA makes it impossible to keep the 3 togetther?   nobody knows the future, nothing is guaranteed. i don't care who we are talking about
DaBostonStrangler10::I think Lebron can get a title if Wade goes off in the postseason like he did years ago with Shaq
reghner::Please save Bargnani. will not be a star but does not deserve a team like that
NoChorus12::Damn, good game Boston. You outright destroyed us.
DaBostonStrangler10::Adam Morrison will finish his career with more rings than Lebron James. I think Lebron will MAYBE win one.
Lebron_Chokes_In_The_4th::I think my name sums it up
Snuccio24::He will be a choke artist all of his career. Just like Karl Malone, Ewing, Barkley,
Jdzspace::I don't think he'll have any
Jdzspace::he's not entitled to it, Wade can't carry him. He tried that last year. . . look what happened. i'll believe it when i see it.   championships are earned, not assumed
DaBostonStrangler10::Lebron could be entitled to one if Wade carries him
Jdzspace::i don't know if he will always choke, i just don't assume anyone will EVER win a championship. nobody is entitled to one, it has to be earned.   and I don't think that kind of attitude is something a real CHAMPION has
Fir3falldown::Under performing team should be relegated to the 2nd division (the d-league)
falseprophet2012::lol at the Heat and the Bulls losing tonight.
Bostonsportzfan4life::LMAO Miami Choked that lead thats pathetic.
Snuccio24::Anyone know why Kleiza did not play in this game ??
Snuccio24::thats what I was wondering.. It does seem suspicious.. I had just picked up Klieza for my Fantasy roster and it seemed odd not to play a min a in blowout game as a bench player...
Jaygee28::Hmm, he doesn't play one minute in a huge blowout. There wasn't any injury announced before the game. Sounds like he could potentially be involved in a trade??? Maybe the Hornets are going to deal Kaman to the Raptors and Kleiza is part of the deal......
Snuccio24::lol. is that the real reason.  Was he afraid of retaliation ?
Jdzspace::it should have been, i don't know if it was though
Jdzspace::because he feared for his life because someone was going to stab him in the neck for what he did to Rondo
DaBostonStrangler10::I remember laughing at ESPN commentators after some of them picked the 76ers to win the Atlantic Division. Still a long way to go, but those predictions are accurate from them right now. Got to give them credit where credit is due.
Bostonsportzfan4life::Its like during week 3 when ESPN picked the Redskins to win the division and the Bills to be one of the favorites to win the AFC around week 5...Oh boy did I get a good laugh.  Idiots like that need to realize teams like that wont last.
Bostonsportzfan4life::No That was the Jets who started that strong.  I remember It was between the Pats Jets and Phins going into the FInal week.
DaBostonStrangler10::Didn't they start off 5-1 in 2008, the year Brady went down? I think they beat the Chargers, and TRENT EDWARDS was their QB. And the of course they collapsed. haha
Bostonsportzfan4life::They always do!  In 2007 our undefeated year they started 5-2 and ended what...7-9?  The Bills have had their strong starts before and fell apart.  I knew this team was going to blow it.  And a Rex Grossman lead team winning the East after3 games was HILARIOUS oh my god.  They started what...2-0 or 3-0 and ended I think 4-12?
DaBostonStrangler10::Haha that was sad. I knew the Bills would go down, but I didn't know they'd lose 7 of their last 8 games or whatever they did. It's crazy how sports work.
Bostonsportzfan4life::And do you know what Knicks rhymes with!?!?  THATS RIGHT!  BIG LONG STICKS!  We are going to break the Knicks like they are sticks Friday!  (see what I did there lol)
DaBostonStrangler10::The pathetic Knicks are going down on Friday. Screw 'em.
DaBostonStrangler10::They should be a top 5 team in the East at the LEAST.
trillville40::yea, the knicks are a better team than toronot but they are playing the same basketball right now
Baseballbill1::I CAN'T TURN MY CAPS LOCK OFF!
jjmcauliffe92::PEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEWP
Bostonsportzfan4life::Hold your shift key and type then it will negate it.
oreed born again sox4life::I LIKE THIS BECAUSE I LIKE U BECAUSE U LIKE CAPS
Baseballbill1::SOMETIMES I LIKE MYSELF
oreed born again sox4life::I LIKE THEM TO BECAUSE THEY LIKE ME
Baseballbill1::AND 2 FANS LIKE YOU!
trillville40::try tying while holding "shift" down
spodol::Whoever wrote the recap needs to check the Celtics' record after seven games.  While they were only about .500 for one game, this is indeed the second time they've been above .500 this season.
Fir3falldown::ECF = Wizards vs Raptors
Bostonsportzfan4life::HELL NO!  Raptors don't got the skill to hang with the Bobcats!  Wizards Bobcats book it!
oreed born again sox4life::Mark Sanchez and Kim Kardashian are 'secretly DATING WOW;)
oreed born again sox4life::kim FOUND THE PERFECT  DUMBA'SS,
Bostonsportzfan4life::Dear God...that will be the most sexually confused baby on the planet.
trillville40::kim kardashian is going to own that tool
quinn204::boston is too old to keep up with philly.
DominicanBOS::Go Celts!!!
DominicanBOS::It's crazy how fans of losing teams want to pump their little chest out and we're only 1/3 through the season...it's a marathon not a sprint...
quinn204::im pretty sure the sixers would kill the celtics. one team is 10 games over .500 while the other one just made it over .500 tonight against the raptors... your going to play the heat in the first round and get swept.
Jdzspace::no no , that's not right.   you should say that he really thought the Eagles were a "dream team" when the season started.   now he'll understand.   you have use things these Philly people understand, they aren't too quick on the uptake
Bostonsportzfan4life::You really are a moron if you think the Celtics and Miami will meet up in the 1st round.  You sound like one of those fair weather morons who lives in the here and now.  Newsflash THERE IS OVER 2/3RDS OF A SEASON TO GO!  You probably thought the Bills were going to win the AFC East after week 4 huh?
Jdzspace::yeah, and your "sureity" is worth absolutely nothing. and it's based on absolutely nothing.   the only way we will play the heat in the first round is if they drop to the 6th seed. i'm not sure you understand how the playoff seeding works.   but you might be under the delusion that the Sixers are going to win the division, and if you believe that. here is a reminder.   the Celtics have played like TRASH most of this year, and are now starting to improve. the Sixers have a 3 game lead.   wake up junior, it's inevitable as the tides.
quinn204::and you lost at home to a garbage cavs team. and then barely escaped them a second time around, but i guess back to back wins is a very good thing for the celtics expectations
Jdzspace::lololololol  oh, I GET IT!! you think that the Celtics performance has ANYTHING TO DO with why we are saying the Sixers are minor league at best.   no no no junior.   you see, the Celtics are a PROVEN TEAM. so until PROVEN otherwise, we KNOW we will be there when it's all said and done. we watch the games, we hope to see them get better. but it's never a question if we'll be good or not in the playoffs.   the Sixers had a home heavy schedule vs weak teams, and won ONE big game all year. ONE.   sorry, but we aren't impressed. and let's be honest, if your really honest with yourself you probably feel silly that your acting like your better than even you know they are
Bostonsportzfan4life::Yeah especially since we need 2 hands a foot and 2 toes to count how many titles we have...
quinn204::wait... who has the best win difference in the nba by over 3 points?!.... ohhh that's right.... what bench leads the league in scoring... ohhh yeah that wouldn't constitute a deep team or anything....
Bostonsportzfan4life::Dude...your team is inexperienced...get over it.  Its all about performance later in the season and teams like the Celtics Bulls Heat (Despite my hatred for them) know how to do that.  Talk to me when your 76ers team pulls of a relevant run in the playoffs...they'll be the Hawks of this season.  Maybe make it to the 2nd round IF THEY ARE LUCKY (30% chance) and get slapped in the 2nd round if they even make it.
quinn204::sixers are much deeper. did anyone see what happened to the bulls who are a much better team than the celtics? they made them look silly.
Bostonsportzfan4life::every dog has its day...if I don't recall the Hornets made the Celtics look silly...now they have what...5 wins?
Jdzspace::the Sixers aren't deeper. LMAO. . . what a joke.   please, catching the Bulls on an off night doesn't mean anything. it's one game, the first big game the Sixers have won. . . and probably one of the last too.   they aren't a threat. . . .but it's cute that you think they are
oreed born again sox4life::WHEN THE LAST TIME philly MADE THE PLAYOFFS
Bostonsportzfan4life::Yes because you are def the one who decides which titles are legit or not.  Do you even know anything about spygate or did you just jump onto the bandwagon like 95% of the Patriots haters?  How is filming signals cheating when teams change their signals every week?  HELL how is looking at opponents signals through binoculars legal and Filming them not?  Hell how does that even make that big of a difference?  Here is another fact the Patriots have only lost to the same team twice in 1 season 2 times...the Jets in 2010 and the Colts in 06.  Wont happen again this Sunday.
quinn204::well, last time i checked you lost at home to the giants. and lost to them in the super bowl. and don't be disappointed when the pats choke again... 3 super bowls.... all cheated. bonds may not go to the hall of fame because of roids, the pats super bowls will have a nice little * to it.
Bostonsportzfan4life::Lmao sorry can't quite hear you I'm listening to the "Dream Team" remix while getting pumped up for the superbowl.
quinn204::eagles didnt make the playoffs for only the third time under andy reid. they had a down year for sure. but how about nolan reimold? what is a 9 game lead with less than a month to play even mean? it means another boston collapse....
Bostonsportzfan4life::quinn...while I love the flyers, what about them Eagles?  Warming up the couch huh?  Who you rooting for sunday anyway?  LOL
quinn204::last year, one year sooner than the sox
Bostonsportzfan4life::Well technically last year but they didn't go far.
quinn204::and what player on the celtics can drop 40 burgers like dirk?
Bostonsportzfan4life::As Jdz said Ray Pierce Rondo.  Bass has the ability to put up 15-20 from the Bench.  KG on a good night can put up 20, Moore and Pietrus (Still don't know how to spell his name lol) can both drop 3s along with ray.  Lets be real here...Lets see if the mavs can even come out of the west first...doubt anyone beats the Thunder out of the West this year.
Jdzspace::are you serious? Ray and Pierce AND Rondo can ALL go for 30 on any given night.   are you high or something?
Bostonsportzfan4life::As boss town just said.  2nd night of a back to back and won by 36.  This team is no longer one of the oldest teams in the NBA now...to be honest the only old players on this team are the big 3 and Jermaine.  They got so much youth in Moore Bradley Rondo etc.
trillville40::philly has no playoff exp
Jdzspace::do you not realize that the oldest team in the league won it all last year?
wallerboyswagg99::Hey! Finally over .500 it's about time dang. My Celtics havent been that impressive this year to say the least. Still rooting for them though. Just like ill be rooting for the Patriots come sunday!
Bosstown Baller::2nd nite of a back 2 back.. and you win by 36pts......How sick is that
quinn204::because the raptors are a huge win
