R Bond::Man...I feel sorry for Boston.   OKC is going to stick them with a pitchfork!    Doc has his work cut out for him if he wants to keep this game from being a laugher.  I doubt if I turn it on....
Moonshadow99::I'd try to trade one or two pieces for good draft picks and let the remaining walk at the end of the season -- it's time to rebuild.  Maybe they could trade a few pieces for maybe two first round (lower end of course) draft picks and have four draft picks in the first round next year and a lot of cap space on top of it.  Not the worst scenario to try and rebuild.  You could maybe trade two lower first round picks for a higher pick in the first round for a player you really like.
bostonboy_003::Keep the team for the rest of the year. In the offseason, let KG and Allen walk. With all the free cap space available, sign Dwight Howard. With one of the two 1st rd picks we have (we'd probably have to trade up) draft Doc's son Austin Rivers to succeed Allen. Fill up the bench with young players. You have a starting 5 of Rondo, Rivers, Pierce, Bass/J.Johnson, Howard. Young, fast, and built for the future. anyone else, thoughts?
Simply__Amazing::dumb! homer.Team is pathetic old done over the hill trade away for draft picks.
crichtonu::Ray Allen has shot very poorly for the past 8 or 9 games, Bass still out, Garnett out, and now JO out again along with Chris Wilcox.  We got outrebounded big time.  Our turnovers are ridiculous.  Avery Bradley played 33 min or so and had 2 assists.    We were doing pretty well when Perkins got shipped out.  I dont see Danny not sending Rondo somewhere for another bad trade.  There are way too many problems to address but I think Ainge and Rivers are the two biggest problems in Boston.
AParcell123::It was weird watching Avery Bradley play so many minutes for the Celtics.  There are some players that make it 9, 10, 11 years in the NBA, but I don't see Bradley playing that long.  To make it big, you need to be more like Shannon Brown.  They are about the same size and weight, but Shannon has that IT factor that teams are looking for in a guard that size.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::<b>I'm still here, repping the Celtics. We have the talent, Doc just needs to switch up the lineups.start playing the bench more. I have a feeling Danny Ainge is gonna make a trade before the deadline. I just hope its bnot Rondo, hes our best player</b>
MJ 84-90 was aloser too::Only player someone will trade for is Rondo. The rest of the Celtics are contender pieces. Guys that will get traded to championship type teams. And to do that is to say that Boston is done.
My Little A Pony::Celtics are still the team to beat in Boston. I don't see BC or Harvard beating them unless Rondo is out.
IBeatLebronIn1v1OnADailyBasis::yep
Rik1822::Why are either Wilcox or O'Neil starting?  4 rebounds and 2 points combined in 32 minutes?  Go small and start Johnson and Pietrus, it couldn't possibly make them look worse then they did last night.  The players aren't the only thing getting old and ineffective on the C's
kelso_manbaum::Rumors are that the Lakers will trade Gasol to the Celtics for Rajon Rondo
thebattousai99::What happened to boston?  I guess I understand sorta.. missing rondo and garnett.. but dang.. the game was like a pro team vs a college team.. boring and sad to watch the celtics.
Joeschmo loves Heat::So the Celtics get the 4th EASIEST schedule in the league thus far (their strength of  schedule is .477 and the only teams with easier schedules have been the 76ers, Bulls, and Knicks); however, despite their matchups against soft teams.... still manage to have a losing record. Good stuff.
nugent19::Im banking on losing Allen/Garnett at the end of this season and going for D12 with the extra money. Optimism at its best!
soldier00013::i'm hoping Allen comes down to miami.
Dwayne_Johnson23::I like it more when we win
rockndoc2::"Turn Out the Lights, the Party's OVER!"    Good Night Boston.  And isnt it interesting how all the Boston Fans have disappeared?  I mean, did JDZ die or something?!  Where you go PP34?
Dwayne_Johnson23::Stop acting like you didn't disappear every time the Celtics knocked out the Cavs in the playoffs
Jbecker780::Dirk has really come on as of late, looking like his old self. He's a must have in all daily fantasy basketball leagues http://www.fansaloon.com/?ref=jb
aldrichpma::After March 1st Danny's phone will be ringing off the hook!
ZodModule::So who's taking bets on a fire sale of old farts in Boston after the All-Star game?
ryan_leventon93::As a Celtics fan, it sucks seeing that Boston probably won't win another one with this big 3 and Rondo together again. As much as it pains me to see it happen, it wouldn't surprise me if either Allen or Garnett (if not both) will be moved before the trade deadline. I'm not too sure we should, I think we should just head into the offseason with the $40 million that's supposed to come off the books and get younger through the draft and free agency. I would love to see both Allen and KG again next year, but both, especially KG, are going to have to take some pay cuts to make it happen. It's good that we have two first round picks in this beast mode of a draft. Hopefully someone like Sullinger or Rivers can drop to our first pick. I think either one would be a good fit for us. And then I'm not too sure who else would be left for our other pick. But with all the extra cap space, we will have more room to not have to only get veteran minimum guys. That really excites me. This season is done for us, but I'm pretty excited for the short term and long term future. As for the Mavericks, I have no idea why anyone doubted them in the beginning of the year. They still have a great team and they could make another serious run in the playoffs. I'm thinking however it's going to be a Miami/OKC finals. I have no idea who would win in that series. It's going to be really exciting though.
thebattousai99::probably wont win another one?? You can guaran-damn-tee they wont win anything other than an early playoff exit!
joeh4384::It isnt like Boston fans didnt see this happening eventually in 08. I am suprised they were able to get as many good years as they did out of the big 3.
jacrabtree2::isnt it funny the lakers barely beat the celtics and espn and the lakers fans are screaming and celebrating like they won a championship. the mavs beat boston and all of a sudden boston is old and a has been team..this was the same team that took the lakers to the limit before losing. so by basketball fans philosophy the lakers are way overrated too correct?
netjunkie88::They said the same thing about the Mavs 6 months after winning a championship - old, slow, no defense. People just love to knee jerk.
asianpeoplecantplaysports::Want to hear a funny joke? The Boston Celtics. Told you it was funny.
evacs0s1::In the past 25 years, the Boston Celtics have won 1 championship.  That speaks volumes for your CURRENT franchise's 17 championship total.
muccmaster::17 Championships.
ilove50yearoldwomen::oh and mavs please beat the lakers wednesday night!!! please.
shrilbie::just like they won at home in the playoffs vs. dallas? oh wait...
techfiji9::its in Dallas
convolutedthought::lakers will win at home
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::Mavs have a good bench and the Lakers don't so the Mavs should win even though Roddy B and Delonte West are injured.
ilove50yearoldwomen::everyone has to look at 2 teams in the west...... now im a spurs fan, but pulled hard for the mavs over the heat last year finals. i think the spurs and the mavs will meet up in the western conference finals. i think the thunder and the lakers are overrated. i dont care if my team "spurs" or mavs play the heat in the finals, i just want to see a team from texas win! said and done.
evacs0s1::OKC is way better then an aging Spurs team that breaks down during the season.
JJHEF::Its 2-1 Thunder thanks to a Durant buzzer beater.  Could easily be 2-1 Mavs
MavsNation92::That is why Dirk has been averaging 26ppg the last 10 games. Yea Dirk might have had a slow start but he's back to being Dirk and playing like an MVP. Overall Mavs have owned OKC in the playoffs so until they beat the Mavs in a 7 game series, Mavs &gt; OKC
MavsNation92::lol Mavs are #4 in the west so what are you talking about dumb okc fan
ok_sooner82::shoulda coulda woulda but it ain't like I said Dirk is happy he got his ring he didn't work out at all in the off season neither did most of the Mavs roster most other players around the league did hence why their teams r sitting at the top
ok_sooner82::now that's funny if I remember correctly the Thunder r 2-1 against the Mavs with 2 of those 3 games played in Dallas and OKC beat Dallas twice in the pre season not to mention OKC owns the best record in the West and tied for 1st in the NBA standings now with that being said the Spurs r looking good without Manu it will be interesting to see how much better they will be when he comes back but with a compact schedule this year I think it will hurt the Spurs unless Manu and Duncan can get some much needed rest before the playoffs start I don't c the Spurs getting out of the 1st round ....
Jacob4707::thunder over rated? is that a joke? two guys who could score 45 on any given night, if not on the same night. a big who gets triples doubles with pts, reb, blocks. and another good defensive SG who could shoot the lights out too. over rated?
convolutedthought::lol...spurs will lose 1st round like last yr
BigDSportsCowboysMavs::Dirk is the Best PF in the game and his one-legged fadeaway can't be stopped. Unlike other good PF in the leagues that also scores a lot of point, Dirks team gets wins. Go Mavs
BigDtown09::Clips lose, Mavs now in 3rd place in the West.
sportsfanbp1::Ray Allen is no longer good enough to be a starter in this league.  He should be coming off the bench for 15-20 mins a game.  Can't play defense.  Can't create his own shot.
R Bond::Why did he keep trying to lay-up against a shot blocker?
sportsfanbp1::the struggles without Brandon Bass continue...
0mar4449::dirk; kobe, durant using that fade away shot with  the knee into the defenders chest, i call that a a basketbal karate move to keep the defender away
netjunkie88::Dirk is 7 feet, he doesn't need no stinking karate move.
zipitedodaz 1::durant and kobe took that from Dirk
0mar4449::i know that that way i have this sign;
CelticJay1::Celtics wont compete even 100% healthy.   $50-55Million comes off the Cap this summer with 4 picks in the top 50.  Offer KG &amp; Ray reduced contracts, go get some young athletes that WANT to run with Rondo.
Desk Doctor::"Mavs Club Celtics"? Seriously Espn? I am offended. Physical violence is no laughing matter.
Tams92::Clubs everywhere are weeping from the racism!
green solution::As long as Pierce is the go-to guy and key producer, this team loses. He's the wrong guy. Hollow numbers. Slow. Give young and speed a chance. Doc and Danny are lost lost lost.
green solution::Starting center Jermaine O'Neil = zero points. Thanks, Doc. Great choice.
bgamron::Mavs are boss
fullmetalx117::So which is the best team in Texas- the Spurs, Rockets, or MAVS?
drac1100::Spurs right now, Mavs in the end.  Houston just can't win on the road enough, but could be dangerous.
drewtigeralum::Moore, Johnson, and Bradley should be getting more minutes, instead of retreads like O'Neil, Wilcox, and Dooling.  Doc doesn't understand that his dinosaurs can't play 35 minutes a game with this schedule.
bigmonster75::I'm a die hard Celtics fan but now is the time to split up the big 4 we need to trade KG and Ray and get some youth and get rid of O'neal and get a better younger Center. and go from there. And we also have to get rid of Danny Ainge
Jacob4707::good luck getting a trade for them this season.  theyre too old for the fast run and gun season.
2524thomas::LOL....Garnett has been in the league for 17yrs..he's playing on fume's and can't stay healthy for more than 2 weeks with out breaking down..lucky to get a 2nd round draft pick for  that washed up talent
Sexy Rexy 20::they should have made more moves last year. now these guys have even less value... very hard to move any1 including rondo because of his awful attitude ...
bigmonster75::Rondo doesn't have an awful attitude now does it need improvement? yes but he had a incident vs the pistons he'll shape up. And your going to tell me a team that's in need of a SG and PF wouldn't take KG or Ray? they are old but can contribute and they are Vets. so i think some team(S) would take them, now am i expecting Howard in return no but a quality young player(s) that can  bring energy to the Celtics.
imsoontobebanned::big baby was the heart and soul of boston
Heat or Die::When they lost Perkins, they never re-gained that same toughness and "it" factor
Sexy Rexy 20::its like they still haven't gotten over it
DaftShadow::Doc Rivers should've retired from coaching the Celtics last season when he still has the chance to go out on top as one of the most successful Celtic coaches.
green solution::Doc has always been very overrated. You are right, though.
rayfinkle28::i almost feel bad how much better new york is than boston
mikeernest::Not any more, Melo is back and the Knicks will now plummet.  Much like when the Celtics got their starters back after their younger backups helped them to win 6 of 7 games.
a_tizzy::doesn't matter both lost
9-11 Lies::I have a feeling that Dallas will repeat!
ok_sooner82::repeat keep dreaming the Mavs are 1-1 against the Spurs,and Clippers and 0-1 against the Lakers 2-1 against the Thunder with 1 of those 2 at home plus 2 pre season losses to the Thunder,,,sorry no reapeat Dirk has his ring he's fine with that
dorkybartender82::Deepest team in the league. and Vince carters corpse is playing better than 1/2 the starting gaurds in the league so far this year. not to mention we have more players who can play good ball than we have minutes to go around. Every time a starter gets hurt another player steps up and plays great ball.(when Yi is the worst player on your bench it's a DEEP bench)
Luvs_2_Spooge::I don't see it. They replaced Chandler and Barea with Vince Carters corpse and a "WAA I'm STILL outraged LA wanted to trade me" Lamar Odom.
mikeernest::Beating the Celtics, even if they had been at full strength, is no way to measure if your team is good or not.  In other words, big whoop.  That said, I think the Mavericks will do damage in the playoffs, but they just aren't good enough without Chandler athleticism, defense and rebounding.  The Mavs just lack the key ingredients now.  They're good, but not great.
turboman101::ranked #5 defense in the league right now man.
Mikslik1::deepest team in the league
Tanner15133::I'm not sure about repeating there is a lot of tough competition and I'm worried about the health and depth of the team.
imsoontobebanned::Celtics are terrible at basketball this year. Pierce can not play any more, KG can not play offense anymore, and Rondo shoots worst then a talented fourth grade girl
paulpiercepiru::and ray allens stupid!
MagicBoltzRays::anyone want to hear a joke?  ....  The Boston Celtics
asianpeoplecantplaysports::Heat fans know Lebron isn't going to show up in the fourth quarter. Why would they buy tickets?
MrAwesome2406::LMAO at the Heat. Can't even sell out with arguably the league's best team.
paulpiercepiru::florida sports fans are the shittiest on the planet rays cant sell out playoff games and the heat put white on their seats to make it look like people come.
Tanner15133::This is true I feel sorry for the Rays
peepuu::gotta say, and I hope I don't offend the rather soft Boston fans, but the Celts look like a big pile of cow dungg
mikeernest::Most Celtics fans would agree with you, so you didn't offend.  I agree, they are finished as title contender.  Much like others on these boards, I think it is time to blow it up.  Ainge has to find a way to turn one or two of these older players into a decent younger player, cap space or draft pick(s).  I realize none of them are in their primes, but all of them have value on at least a few playoff teams that need that extra player to get over the top.   Maybe Ainge can get a first round pick that is delayed a year or two, or lottery protected.  That or a solid young player that just isn't getting playing time.  The Celtics do have a couple of solid younger players and rookies, but it would be quite ugly in beantown, lest some talented free agent decides to go to Boston.
peepuu::or should I say, Cow-puuuu
_mongo__slade_::Shame that teams like Utah, Denver, &amp; Minny might miss the playoffs while a team like Boston gets in just because they play in such a weak conference.
mikeernest::Boston isn't a lock, in fact, I would argue they're already on the outside looking in...they played a favorable schedule the past month or so and lost ground.  now they have lots of road games and back to backs and are playing really bad since Rondo got back.  Boston ain't making the playoffs this year though, that I can promise you.
Sexy Rexy 20::i'd rather see minny in the playoffs than Boston and i'm a celtics fan this team officially is DEAD
mapeo2121::bet miami wins it all!!
RonTuna::THE EAST IS WEAK MEAT DIVISION
rj1512::damn boston sucks
RonTuna::THINK this is bad? Wait til the Red Sox end up in 3 rd place this season
paulpiercepiru::just saying if the format thats coming this year or next had already been in place than 3 al east teams would have made postseason last 2 years
peepuu::oh, so you think they'll have a good year...;)
paulpiercepiru::and make the playoff round cus the al east $@%!$ on everything else
paulpiercepiru::bruins might repeat
2524thomas::..And New York is the ALL TIME TITTLE KING...39 to Boston's 33.....S.U.C.K.ON A FAT ONE CHOWDS!!!!!! LOL
sky6garcia::LA 11 titles 11 years.
peepuu::someone's dellusional....LOL
RonTuna::YA repeat the nightly rope soap shower circle on youtube to millons of fans post season
drac1100::reach for what you can.  Boston sports becoming laughable.
Sexy Rexy 20::YEP!
paulpiercepiru::the super bowl was brutal but they will be back.  speaking of choke i believe the rangers had the  worst choke in world series history.  the celtics are in playoff position still.  and then obviously a dallas fan would claim hockey doesnt count just like i know philly fans who claim no one cares about basketball
paulpiercepiru::wanted to see if anyone caught that
drac1100::Celtics = simply horrible.  Pats = Choked again  ( I grant you that as a Cowboys fan we pretty much have that down to a science) Red Sox = Players partying and not caring.  Hockey = Can't really count it.  Look you were great, just not anymore.  = Laughable.
paulpiercepiru::boston is actually looking pretty similar to dallas.  both had a team win championship and a team lose championship.  the difference is that the celtics and red sox are in much better position than the stars and the cowboys
broncomike7562::Very true!  It's actually 7 titles in 11 years for Boston teams, but that's much better than any other city during that same period.  This century, Boston's by far the best sports city in the country!  It's not even close!
i am black girl wasted::Patriots 2 first rounders, 2 2nd rounders, $23 million to spend.   Red Sox new manager, still have plenty of talent  Bruins- young and better than last year  Celtics- not looking good  overall, i'll take that over any sports city in the country
paulpiercepiru::i really want to but i cant understand your logic.  boston is still the strongest sports town.  pats second best in the nfl last season bruins win stanley cup celtics perennial playoff team red sox will contend.  i really dont understand how boston sports are laughable
drac1100::Enjoy the past - you know where you are headed
paulpiercepiru::laughable laughable laughable  11 titles in 7 years bro
dogs::gg Mavs
100percenthustle::how could you say that dogs?
Paycheck Nation::If there was ever a season to tank Celtic's fans.................
Paycheck Nation::Hang em' up Ray
