Pinkycuh::2 the dufus below me, you jazz fans are more delusional than cavs fans. We beat your team 2-3 games, our team had an off night, you won by 7. We beat you back to back games, by 14 and then 26, yea 26 points, you got waxed, n now you want to get us in the playoffs, LMFAO. I wish it does happen. Wake up, your team is horrible. Can't shoot free throws, lucky 4 u, Durant was off. This game didn't mean Jack!!
Free Alec Burks::u mad?
Free Alec Burks::Jazz would be a Nightmare for the Thunder in the first round. So many bigs to get high percentage shots in the paint and rebounds. All thunder do is take jumpshots and they get a lot of fouls (which don't happen come playoff time.)
7BAUGHLLIN7::I agree man but how its lookin right now the jazz have a great shot at the 7 spot... Maybe san antonio can pass okc and we'll play them in a 2 vs 7 matchup in the first round :)
OFrog::Why in the world would you have a smile face on a Spurs matchup, a bad one at best with Spurs size and depth?
Constanza_George::Why are there so many people hating on OKC? We didn't have a very good game, but I give props to the Jazz. But what did OKC do to get so many haters?
OFrog::Not hating, but when ESPN so called experts pencil them in as the team in the West to beat they painted a bulls eye on them, and personally, I think they are a flawed team, especially in the post season. Plus a couple of jerk off loud mouth punk fans like goatlost and T8ke A Picture do not help matters.
Jizazz::Their ownership group is full of double-crossing $@%!$@ bags :) Other than that a great team
tbest23::Jazz mantra for 20 years. Win at home and get pounded on the road...
OFrog::I seem to remember a win at Staples couple games ago. Is that being pounded?
mintzerkj4eva::Thank You Jazz!  Bet Skip still finds a way to blame everyone expect KD, sure he says it will be on WestBrook
princechristopherII::uy653jkei
DP46561::The Jazz just have so much depth. It doesn't matter who is on the floor. The young guys have been playing really well as of late
OFrog::Jazz are playing better, but OKC is also playing worse. Down at home by 27 in loss to Spurs, lost to cavs at home. If not for some shaky officiating they would not be playing .500 ball in March. Not exactly rolling into the playoffs, and if this continues #1 seed in West could vanish. Like I have said all season, to dependent on outside scoring, and three guys scoring, no balance or reliable low post game.
Pinkycuh::Thunder still 34-12. Jazz still 24-22. Enjoy the ball Cinderella, when the postseason gets here, ur carriage is turning back into a pumpkin.
lurpinator::Good luck winning a 7 game series with 3's and long jumpers and no inside game. If the Jazz make the playoffs, they will be a tougher out than most people realize.
Pinkycuh::Wake the F up folks, the thunder got to the WCF last year shooting 3's and same inside game, matter a fact it's the same recipe that has them in lead in the west. You clown jazz fans are really nieve enough to think if Durant didn't have an off night last night, you woulda still won? Gimme a break, seriously, and if you disagree, explain how you got beat 2 of 3 games by this same team. Durant is going to have off games, that's the way it is, they won't win every game, but jazz nation thinks they are better, lmao. 1-3 is 33%. That's an F.
ScalabrineGoHard::God damnit why'd we lose
SauceCaptain::Jazz are playing impressive team defense.
OFrog::Crummy lame defense Cavs held same Thunder to same 90 in OKC.
WashFlokie::KD 6-22?
dcfaithfull::Another great win for Utah.  This team is starting to play as an actual "team", and that is truly Jazz basketball.  I'd love to see my hometown team make the first round.  I don't expect them to get further than that, but making the first round would be huge in terms of confidence and going into next season, and would most likely encourage the team to stick together.
peeks_7::i think its safe to say the jazz are the team to beat. in the west atleast
WashFlokie::hate to say it but its Kevin Durant who is taking terrible shots lately
Ike_Daddy3000::wow...KD didn't score in the 4th and missed 7 shots and they LOST....if that were Lebron, it'll be headline news. #mediabias
GoTmJazz52::Another great win for the JAZZ!!!  Attitude and altitude are the JAZZNATIONS trademark for our WINS. Great game Guys!!!!
WhyUHatin47::Russell Westbrook is the only person who can stop Kevin Durant.
WashFlokie::dumb comment, Russ had a good game. Kevin was firing up chunker bricks all night and some how that Russell's fault?
aise5668::The Utah J.izz can never beat us in a seven game series.  They are too busy raping their 14 underage wives to concentrate on basketball.  Go worship the grave of Charles Manson, you cult freaks!
NYeltigre::reported.....
seedrusselling::Get real or get off.
dcfaithfull::I'd take you seriously, but calling them the Utah J.izz just makes you sound like an idiot.
Lurp_Gawd::Nothing bothers me more than people making uneducated and moronic comments.
Jaywashing::WHY ARE YOU FILLED WITH BUBBLING HATRED, AISE?
torrtis::Great game Jazz, chasing that last playoff spot!
Thomas7158::Jazz are #1
KennyS562::yeah, right.
TAC0REV::Jazz have been playing great. Not sure how long they can keep this up, but I hope it's a long time
Andrew-Baugh::Meeee toooo.. Jazz killin teams right now.. I love it!
Andrew-Baugh::Im hammeredhaha where all my jazz fans at?
wadexplorer::why is favors not starting?
dcfaithfull::Al is a significantly better player this year than he was last year for Utah.
Andrew-Baugh::Cause AL JEFFERSON STARTS.. dudes proving clutch in crunch time..
kingflash631::Swarming defense all night by the Jazz. Take out a couple lucky shots at the end of the shot clock for OKC, and you're lookin at a 15+ point victory tonight. Go Jazz
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::I wanna give a shout out to the 10 fans on 1 row who all had Kanter Jerseys and cheering their guts out every single time he touched the ball. It was awesome! ha
tcrisis::Utah looks great. Win or lose, I like it when Coach Corbin experiments with the bench
Thunderjunky86::Im out finally lol
AceyUT::thank god.
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Lol!
kgrovesBYUfan::"I had to show the world how I'm just like Kobe." -Kevin Durant
Thunderjunky86::lol  its ok all said and done at the end of KD career he wil have outscored all of LA top spots
Andrew-Baugh::Free... Its just getting back to what it was in january..
Free Alec Burks::Amnesty Bell, he is worthless
Doc Emmett L Brown::Amnesty provision on that small of a contract is silly, especially since it is an expiring deal next year and might be a trading chip.
Free Alec Burks::Our defense is getting a lot better.
Thunderjunky86::ANYBODY who bases there opinion off of what they seen last year is a fool   (thurmon)
xenosapien::He who forgets his history is doomed to repeat it.
KennyS562::dude, that line of reasoning only follows if one knows the actual history in the first place.  Most people who have not gone on to take history classes in college are clueless.  I'm one of those people, as I have a degree in the subject, and let me just say we continuously repeat it because much of the worst history has been completely written out of our nationalistic-based narrative.
Doc Emmett L Brown::That sentence hurts my head.
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::has anyone heard brittany griener talk? that is a trans.vestite!!
Doc Emmett L Brown::I wonder what it would be like to have sex with someone taller than me
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::i think that'd be the least of your worries with her!
Strong Troll Forventhrund::$@%!$@ sick
Thunderjunky86::thurmon we know you don't like the thunder, BUT chocking? you do realize the one thing the thunder had a problem with last year was not closing out games. You do realize this has been corrected right? we don't give up 10point leads 15 point leads we have 3 leads lost in the 4rth quarter ALL YEAR. if your basing what you know off of last year. then you know less then anyone in here BRO
Andrew-Baugh::Now that I think of it.. I'll take the jazz vs anybody in the first round haha... We were supposed to be a door mat this season lol.. Not that I thought so tho
KennyS562::that's a reach
Thunderjunky86::mike if the thunder WON tonight i would say pick the other team But with the thunder loosing tonight odds are they win the next one
miked_1::i will take okc,like i said before , durant is the best player in the nba
THE JEFFERNATER::And since you don't know shi.t.. Obviously you go with the Clippers with a +8.
scow79::What do you guys think the Laker's chances are if Kobe actually realizes he shouldn't be the #1 option anymore?
Thunderjunky86::who else do they have?? another #1 speaking
Jiggaman147::Bynum and Gasol.  Both are way more efficient scorers
THE JEFFERNATER::Haha.. Bynum or Gasol maybe?
THE JEFFERNATER::It would take Kobe retiring to realize that.
THE JEFFERNATER::If I were the Lakers I would honestly try to trade him if the don't make the Finals this season.. I know it sounds dumb and his salary is sky high but what else can you do for the roster.
scow79::Well I know that!   lol It's rhetorical
miked_1::is todays game mean,that okc will lose to the clips tommorow?
Thunderjunky86::Mike take OKC  the last 10 games have sea sawed OKC has WON EVEY GAME COMING OFF A LOSE. I say take OKC on odds and facts
miked_1::i m sure i  will ,after all i think durant is the best player in the nba
Doc Emmett L Brown::LAC lost to Indiana tonight... means nothing.
Thunderjunky86::people forget certain things LA got knocked out in the first round!!!!!! OKC is ranked #1 in home wins this year just coming off of 15 straight wins . you don't wanna see OKC first round of playoffs I promise you. YOU WANT LA
xenosapien::The Lake Show lost to the same team OKC did.  I also enjoy the fact that you make this claim, then above speak of making opinions based on the past is for fools.
Thunderjunky86::anyways you want LA playing in OKC has been rough on teams this year. I would not wanna face a good home team especially a team ranked #1 in home wins with them having the majority of the games AT HOME
Thurmonnater41::Known for choking...
THE JEFFERNATER::Once again you don't know shi.t about the NBA.. The Lakers were swept in the second round courtesy of the Mavs.  Rankings don't matter.. I know OKC is new to pro sports but this isn't college.
Thurmonnater41::OKC are known to choke which makes the majority of us want to play them.   Fact!!
Thurmonnater41::*2nd round.
Strong Troll Forventhrund::I wouldn't trash Westbrook so much if he just manned up and moved to the 2
Doc Emmett L Brown::I still would and I'm ok with that.
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Heh
Schindlers Fist -::Amen
Andrew-Baugh::id take an okc or mavs matchup.. The spurs are a weakness for us
scow79::It's their 3 point shooting that kills us.   They always shoot like 80% from 3 against us
Doc Emmett L Brown::And Duncan turns into a 90% FT shooter.
Thurmonnater41::The Mavs own the Jazz. I wouldnt take that pal....
operaman86::I don't really care who the Jazz could potentially match up against if they make the playoffs. If we keep playing at the level that we have recently we can beat ANYBODY.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Mavs don't own the Jazz. Jazz play well against them.
Doc Emmett L Brown::It's Tony Parker. We can't stoop to his vag-ness and he eats us for lunch.
Thunderjunky86::I WOULD LIKE TO POINT OUT  LA has not beaten the thunder this year just FYI we are also 2-1 against the mavericks too
JohnsonnnL::LAL was 2-1 against the Mavs last season, but they got swept by them.
THE JEFFERNATER::This isn't college.. Ranking don't matter.. And the Lakers got knocked out in the second round.  You really don't know much about the NBA
Thurmonnater41::haha
Thunderjunky86::people tend to wanna face OKC in the playoffs over LA? who just got knocked out of the first round? also OKC is ranked #1 in home record this year. you DONT WANNA GO TO OKC
THE JEFFERNATER::You're actually 3-1 against the Mavs.. All games close except the Mavs blowing them out in the second match-up.
Schindlers Fist -::Jazz 1st WC team to win in Staples this year against LAL.
Thurmonnater41::Your point?
scow79::As a Jazz fan, I'd rather face OKC than San Antonio in the 1st round
scow79::San Antonio's 3 point barage scares the $@%! out of me
PrettyLillyFlower.::AS a Nowitzki i mean Dallas fan so would i :)
PrettyLillyFlower.::are you really an $@% lol my bf made this 1 for me..
THE JEFFERNATER::Haha.. It's the chick from Thunderjunkys pic.
Thurmonnater41::Are you really a girl?
Doc Emmett L Brown::I concur.
Schindlers Fist -::The real question: OKC or LAL? I feel confident against both I prefer OKC tho
Doc Emmett L Brown::OKC is still new to this whole playoff thing. You don't want to play big market teams in the playoffs. The rules change.
Schindlers Fist -::That game in LAL was ridiculous out of those 40 fouls 10 were truly manufactured out of thin air. I believe in science it is known as the Donaghy effect.  EDIT: Thunderjunky Jazz are the 1st team to win in LAL from the Western conference. Thunder don't have that.
Thunderjunky86::we smacked LA everytime we played them this year
Doc Emmett L Brown::OKC. They don't have the league in their back pocket like LA.
THE JEFFERNATER::As a Mavs fan I would take that match up.
THE JEFFERNATER::Uhhh.  Hi there.
PrettyLillyFlower.::lol jeff hi jeff ;)
Thunderjunky86::optimus BET ON THE THUNDER COMING OFF A LOSE  ALWAYS!!!!  last 10 games the thunder win coming off a lose trust me we lost tonight we actually might beat the heat it is what it is
OptimusPrime4.0::That don't mean anything its a possibility they can lose 2 in a row
PTSup20::my prediction is that denver falls out of the playoff race before houston does
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Anyone in here date an older woman?
Thunderjunky86::messed up man . you wish you had a girl that hot don't be jealous
Thurmonnater41::I'm not into Mi.lfs....Sorry.
Schindlers Fist -::Junky has an old hag in his avvy pic.
Thunderjunky86::come to think if it. Both years the thunder went to playoffs. they only got beat by the NBA champions . OKC had to play LA in round 1 and pushed a game 6, then LA goes on to win it all. then we get to WCF against mavericks only to lose then they go on to win it all. LOL I smell trend. YOU BEAT THUNDER U WIN THE FINALS lol
Andrew-Baugh::The 8th spot is gonna be between houston.. The 7the between Utah and Dnever.. Danillos out too
Schindlers Fist -::We could get 6 even.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Or 2!!!
ryensgin::Utah Jazz!!!  2012 NBA Champs!  Book It!!  Tryone Corbin is the coach of the year
operaman86::Actually, the Jazz are reminding me of another team right now from another pro sport: the New York Giants. Both teams have fantastic defenses. Both teams seem to be gaining swagger at the right time. One can only hope that the results will be the same as well.
Schindlers Fist -::Lmao. And someone called me optimistic!
Doc Emmett L Brown::Wow. If that happens, I am making a trip to Utah to put a Millsap jersey on the Karl Malone statue.
ryensgin::which one?  Coach of the year or NBA champs?  The coach of the year is pretty realistic...
OptimusPrime4.0::If you guys had to bet money on clippers or Thunder tomorrow who would you guys bet on??? reason i ask is because I'm probably going to bet on the game
JohnsonnnL::I would bet on OKC.
Raiders Draft Usain Bolt 1st Overall::-110 chance that Perkins gets postered
THE JEFFERNATER::It's in OKC.. I would have to see the spread first.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Where at and what's the spread?
OptimusPrime4.0::yeah clippers are a plus 8 just checked... but i wanted to bet the money line
Doc Emmett L Brown::Big difference.
THE JEFFERNATER::If it's a +8 I take the Clippers.
OptimusPrime4.0::i place my bets on 5dimes but it looks like the clippers were a +8 or 4 don't remember exactly
Thunderjunky86::thunder was the surprise horse last year. only being in Okc for three years and still managed to rumble through two tuff teams before the Mavericks who did go on to win it all
Thurmonnater41::The Thunder are Choke Artists.   Fact!
THE JEFFERNATER::Haha.. OKC had an easy road in the playoffs last season.. Until they got to the Mavs.. And OKC isn't a new franchise.. They brought KD with them from Seattle.
xATLx::Durant trying to out-Kobe Kobe.  Kobe's gonna have to come out in his next game and show Durant just how poor a shooting night a real superstar can have.
Schindlers Fist -::"1-18. Your welcome"  Kobe
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::funny thing is kobe would probably spell "you're" wrong just like you did
Thunderjunky86::lol
