Peter Knowe::Wall does not deserve a max contract, not a game changer, limited above avg guard Wizards can't win without better front line and bench depth, with current injuries to forwards, expect Love to dominate tonight after 2 day rest for Wolves betting the Wolves tonight to win on the road plus cover the small 3.5 line
Robert Wang::He never does, most overrate player
Jordan HarlemWorld Sewell::You have been talking a lot of crap about wiz getting blown out & resting their starters . They rested Rubio the whole 4th . Wiz win !
John Martin::This game shows that the Timberwolves are not ready to be top flight contenders. You have to beat weaker teams on the road and clearly they did not do it in this game.
Collin Smith::Otto need to stop faking this injury. Hip pointers dont take 6 months to heal.
Lights Godown::Minny is overrated
Andrew Klocek::Wolves should easily win this game. WSH is ranked 27th in points allowed per game and MN is ranked 3rd in points for per game, that equals a blowout.
Timothy Simmons::I hope so!
Aaron Cohen::This game was a definite blowout huh? Great win by the Wolves....errr wait they lost!
Jeffrey Reed::Go Wolves! :)
Jackson Becker::Wolves: Top 5 talented teams in the league, bottom 5 effort. Adelman, why is Ricky on the bench for the entire fourth? Step it up Wolves.
Fiti Bear::top 5 talented team with 7-5 record  ?
Jackson Becker::Yes, hence the "bottom 5 effort" I stated before. They should be at least 10-2 if not 11-1. Should've beaten the Cavs, Denver, and your sorry team last night, and probably should've beaten Flop City if they weren't, you know, FLOP City. Only legit loss was to Golden State.
Michael Maiorano::the west just destroys the east in these headsup games.  No surprise the West has won 10 of the last 13 rings too, thanks to Kobe and Duncan.
Anthony Wing::east have 4 teams with a winning record. west has 10.
Peter Knowe::Wiz players only meeting today must have been to tank tonight and get a new coach or GM
Collin Smith::smh. ever year the wizards are the most injured team in the NBA.
Will Greer::Let's go Wolves! Hoping for a solid win in DC
David Phelan::Wizards have a shot at a playoff birth. Peter don't"know" to much about playing the game. Wall is far above your average point guard . Lost three games in overtime one onthe road to the thunder, much better team than there record and I do expect them to move forward from last year. Great comeback last night wiz!
Montrel Coleman::T-wolves coaching was BADDDDD!!! I mean really is hard to know what to do when your shots aren't falling....you drive and go inside to your bigmen.. if Gortat and nene got in foul trouble or foul out earlier we win that game cuz they where playing great and setting some of the best screens I've seen all year...
Peter Knowe::nice start on the road against a short handed Wiz tonight up 7, expect the lead to grow as the absence of Ariza and Harrington will show more as game minutes progress, Wolves bench better anyway than Wiz, Wiz can quit knowing short handed tonight, save energy for Cavs which they play Wed and are likely to beat
Nate Stein::Wall vs Rubio is always a great matchup, just wish I could see it instead of the Wild. Worst part is the Gophers basketball game isnt on TV either instead we get to watch Wisconsin play. Yay for missing both games tonight!
Nik Budig::First row thou....
Nate Stein::Nik Budig just not the same
Mickey Doherty::Nate Stein It is on FSN+ with is like 963 or 995 or something. They show both the Wild and Wolves games.
Minnesota Sports Memes::I do not mean to be offensive, dismissing, or belittling of your team, but hopefully the Wolves are up by a lot so that we can rest up our players for the game on Wednesday against the Clippers. You guys are a couple #1 draft picks away from being a playoff contender.. ok there I was being a little belittling of your team. :P
Alex McDonald::Aww it's alright buddy. Why don't you just enjoy your remaining time with Love. I bet it's getting mighty cold up there right about now.
Mickey Doherty::Alex McDonald You mean the remaining 153 games we still have him under contract? Will do.
Mickey Doherty::Alex McDonald Oh, and it's 47 degrees right now in Minneapolis, and 48 degrees in DC... nice try though.
Max Wilkinson::Alexey Shved: 4 FGs in 11 games this year. I'm trying to figure out what happened to the player I was so excited about at the beginning of last year, he's just fallen off a cliff shooting.
Devin Baranick::Love's stats have been going done simply because the wolves have been blowing teams out and he doesn't even need to come in most 4th quarters anymore lol
Peter Knowe::16 first qrt points and zero in 2nd qrt, way to let dog team stay in game, its the NBA no road team ever blows out home team in first half
Peter Knowe::wizards playing Wizard defense as expected, hard for them to keep scoring up with Wolves who score 108 3rd highest scoring team in NBA
Peter Knowe::Ariza and Harrington both out tonight for Wizards and they had a players only meeting always a sign of a team in deep trouble
Jason Peters::Dont fret Wizard fans, I bet on the TWolves so its in the bag for your team....Wizards have the lead by start of 4th qtr..
Leon Debeljak::Beal & Wall fit so good together...Wall will eventually break out of his shooting slump...
Peter Knowe::Wolves come out very cold and unfocused again after big half time lead, normal for Wolves
Gerry Miller::When Okafor went down for the season, they tried to get Omer Asik, but could not work a trade. I think Gortat was the only half-decent option available.
Al-Jaleel Sawab::John Wall is so inefficient this year, it's puzzling considering he shot 44% last year
Gerry Miller::I hope you are right. He is a long way from delivering on all the expectations that he set over the Summer - let alone that max contract.
GianFranco DeZola::Harrington is out for sure...Ariza is a game time decision  Wolf all the way ;-)
