Andy P Kordyban::The Raptors DO IT AGAIN! They are LETHAL in the 4th quarter. LETHAL!   Raptors BABY! YEEEEEEAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Mario's GameShop::lmfao milwaukee bucks suck, so you're a raptors fan??....lmfao raptors when season ends will be in the bottom 5 worst teams in the east, Bulls will be in the top 5 in east, raptors have always stunk and always will suck..
Kent McKee::Mario's GameShop  you are an idiot, learn what is going on before commenting past does not equal the future
Ken Molinaro::Where did Laura Pierce go?  They had so much to say before the game started.  Should we send out a search team?  Nice finish Raps.. keep it up!
Mario's GameShop::ken, its 1 game, again, raptors franchise sucks dicks, you and the entire world knows that they do...when season ends, Bulls will be a top 5 team in east, raptors will be a bottom 3 team in the east, thats where they always are...i don't hide like you lame canadians hide after losses...look at your great bieber..lmfao he cant take being told off and is now quitting music..lmfao again he does sound like a lost lil 5 year old girl when he sings
Ken Molinaro::Mario's GameShop That you think insulting Bieber helps you make a point about basketball is quite a sad sight.  You seem very angry as well.  Why don't you go ask your mommy to buy you a new dress.  Maybe that will cheer you up.  Here's some advice for you.  Different years, different players, different results.  That's how it works.
CJ Yambz::Tonight, DJ Augustin faces his former team. The team who didn't believe in him.
Randall Semeniuk::Dj Augustin wasn't motivated the last time he played the raptors so why would he be this time??? lol
Colin Uza::Good job Raps! Tough handful of games coming up though!
Colin Bartlett::The headline says "Bulls Fade Late, Fall to Bulls at Home"  Look, I know it's been a tough season for the Bulls, but they're not THAT bad.
Tom Totosz::I've been a life long bull fan but I'm done. I will never go to another game. Waste of money. Our only hope is their plane goes down on the next road trip .
R-smooth Gates::Probably might want to thinking about investing in a hair cut instead anyways.. Lol.
Aaron Earl::I don't know about you fellow Bulls fans, but I'm getting really sick of Luol sitting on the bench. I feel like he sits out WAY too much for insignificant injuries.
Aaron Earl::With that being said, GO BULLS!!!!
Trevor Hennington::Gotta keep him completely healthy for trade value.
Aaron Earl::Trevor Hennington - Good point.
Colin Uza::BIG STREAK BY THE RAPS!!!!!!!!! We are actually decent after the Rudy Gay deal folks!
Robert Walter::Kirk,Boozer and Noah a combined 4 for 28 shooting. Bulls deserved to lose.
Colin Uza::The Raptors are just flat out a better team as well.
Robert Walter::They have proven that thus far in the previous meeting as well.
Brian Richard::no matter how huge Jerry Reinsdorf's boner for Kirk Hinrich is, he's once again proving that that was an awful signing.   speedy point guards that push the ball (Rose/Nate/Augustin) excel in our offense. not slow, plodding guards that want to dribble around the perimeter for 23 seconds.   oh, and I can't wait for Taj to take Boozer's starting spot next season. that is all.
Vic Manlapig Arcenio::Congrats raptors. One game at a time. Forget wiggins for now.
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Another win for the Mighty Raptors in Chicago, feels great
Sebastian Muzquiz::Ok Raptors  it's crunch time ! Can you hold on?
Harman Singh Sidhu::that inbounds pass brought a tear to my eye
Harman Singh Sidhu::The raptors are getting screwed lol
Laura Pierce::Raptors are being screwed?...lmfao they have twice as many FTs, and bulls been called for 9 travels..lmfao raptors paid these refs
Harman Singh Sidhu::Laura Pierce If you think the Bulls didn't deserve those travels you are delusional. Also the Bulls hack so much you're lucky the ft disparity wasn't bigger. I mean the fact that Nazr didn't get called for a flagrant was a travesty.
Tristan Clemens::Bulls have this.
Taylor Manes::I say we lose by 4
CJ Yambz::Low probability for the Raptors to win. DJ will be in high motivation to win against the team who didn't believe in him.
Michael Repko::Get rid of Hinrich and Deng......theyre old and unreliable! Notice how Chicago could not break 80 points with Deng back??? How many times did that happen before he was injured??
K Sheldon Bailey::Thibbs left Butler out too long.  He didn't come back into the game until 5 minutes left.  I thought he was injured.  Why would you leave one of your top defenders, and maybe best offensive player, on the bench for so long??  That's a Trestman type of coaching move because it may have cost us the game.
Trevor Hennington::Butler is by no means the best offensive player on the team, not that that is saying much.
Shawn Gardner::Trevor Hennington who's better? Deng who is always injured? I'll take butler over deng any day one on one
K Sheldon Bailey::Trevor Hennington Actually, I prefaced the "best offensive player" comment with the word, "maybe".  But now that I think about it, who in your estimation is better at shooting the three, penetrating the paint, and getting to the line to score?  I can't think of anyone who does all of those things. Of course, it's ok to disagree with me, but you should then share who IS the best offensive player, if not Butler.
Paul Steeno::horrible way to end the year and puts a damper on New Years Eve. This game was there for the taking, a game we should have definitely won.  We went stone cold the first 6 or 7 minutes of the 4th quarter and it ultimately led to us losing.
K Sheldon Bailey::Butler wasn't in the game for that stretch. And it's makes no sense why if he wasn't injured.
Colin Uza::Raps are shooting horribly after 3 quarters, but are still within striking distance. I like our chances of heating up in the last quarter and stealing this game.
Laura Pierce::Bulls crush raptors by 25 tonight and get their team going with Luol Deng back, these Bulls are finally getting healthy and that's where it'll all begin tonight in Chicago
Danny Yip::what drugs are you on?
Mario's GameShop::dude, let me know when this pathetic franchise ever wins anything..lmfao they been to the playoffs like only a couple of times and never even won a playoff series, like i said before, this franchise is 1 of the worst ever in all of sports...NBA is an USA sport, not canadian sport, thats why they suck, look at their baseball teams trying to compete with the real teams..lmfao
Danny Yip::Look at your pathetic Cubs!!!  When was the last time they won anything?
Anila Khan::Once again Snell gets left out this game because ding is back. wtf is wrong with thins he has clearly proven he can take some minutes off of ding
Wayne Bryant::The Bulls head coach is as clueless offensively as the Bears head coach is defensively
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Totally different sports, in football the defensive coordinator is responsible for what the defense does
Wayne Bryant::The buck stops with the head coach regardless. Who hired the defensive coordinator? The clueless head coach.
Rene Covarrubias::come on score some points!! i need the first half to go over 93 and then u guys can play defense
Trevor Hennington::You dont watch many Bulls games do you?
Rene Covarrubias::Trevor Hennington no i dont, but i knew they played defense and i was hoping with deng coming back some offense was going to come up, but i guess i was wrong
Rene Covarrubias::Trevor Hennington i still have a parlay  that i took the bulls money line so will see
Russy Jhun::I really hope you eat those words Laura Pierce.  Raptors will win tonight
CJ Yambz::Low probability for the Raptors to win. DJ will be in high motivation to win against the team who didn't believe in him.
Brett Reid::CJ Yambz lol, the pacers and bobcats also apparantly didnt believe in him , did he light them up? i think not. he keeps bouncing from team to team because he's JUST NOT THAT GOOD. raptors win. the bulls are a mess.
Laura Pierce::Brett, Bulls bitchslapped the pacers by 23 already this year....never compare bulls or pacers to the pathetic raptors franchise
Raegon Gallant::Wow, Bulls shooting is just so godawful :-(
