achitturi_hotmail_com::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZatX_6i5WY
achitturi_hotmail_com::This sums it up. Even Lakers fans can't deny this game was rigged.
Ivanov21::Commentators were TERRIBLE, I couldn't enjoy the game because they were rooting for LA so much it became unwatchable!
dre3oo::Stu Lantz is one of the worst commentators.
dwilliams0123456789@gmail.com::Free throws? Lakers 34  Blazers ....COUGH!!!  COUGH!!!   12? YUP!!!....I did not stutter...........OK.........It's all good. I am SO glad people pay all that money and time to come and watch the refs. I mean, They work so hard at intimidation, and cheating. You have to enjoy watching the evil men of the NBA= Not Bias Anymore. OH!!! Unless it is The Lakers against Portland. Then all bets are off. LET THE CHEATING BEGIN!!!!
brownbear541::fantastic officiating last night. wow. that was horrible. just pathetic. and if you laker fans even say anything that is absolutely ridiculous. no fouls, techs. absolutely ridiculous. just horrendous.
jayautryphotography::A few sprinkled band-wagon fans don't speak for the guys who watch every game, think logically and respect all the other great players in the league.  First  rule of Basketball is to respect the talents these men attain.  Second rule is not to be obnoxious or show disdain for great plays, even if a guy like Westbrook runs circles around this roster. So don't say Lakers "fans," I ask you call these "fans" out by name. Because the old saying goes, "I don't get paid for pick-up games."
dvdlucs626::Neither one of you make any sense
LakersAtSonics1995::Racist
jayautryphotography::LakersAtSonics1995 - Racist  Quite the opposite my friend.
AntW310::Oh hey.. Lakers WIN a game... lets all start the hate parade, and state the reasons why they and Kobe suck.  Oh hey.. Lakers LOSE a game... lets all start the hate parade, and state the reasons why they and Kobe suck.  Whats the point here guys? Are we even discussing basketball anymore, or just constantly comparing "insert player's name here" with "insert favorite player's name here".
lakirz rock::oh, in terms of individual players, here's the other pattern i've noticed this season:  lakers WIN a game: laker fans proclaim kobe as the GOAT, who carried the team to yet another victory  lakers LOSE a game: laker fans blame every other member of their team for the loss with the exception of kobe.  "howard sucks!" "d'antoni sucks!" "gasol sucks!" "nash sucks!"  funny that the so-called "fans" are the ones who generate much of the hate about the players/coach of their own team
lakirz rock::you got it backwards, pancho.  did you read the comments immediately after the game on here?  lots of laker fans predicting a championship again.  here's the pattern:  lakers WIN a game: laker fanbase comes out of the woodwork and floods these boards with audacious and obnoxious predictions of another title  lakers LOSE a game: laker fanbase disappears faster than the defensive game-plan of a mike d'antoni coached team  laker "haters" are more loyal and objective than supposed "fans"
Voss voss::So fans shouldn't think their team can win? Here's an idea, if you don't like the lakers, don't spend every waking moment obsessing about them.
LeBronSitsDownToWeeWee::Championship Mouth sits down to pee like his buddy LeBron James does.
dvdlucs626::hey hey, i sit down to pee! my doc told me not to lift anything heavy.
AntW310::hahahahahah
lakirz rock::kobe lovers are like religious fanatics.... if you don't kneel at the altar of kobe, then you are labelled a hater (heretic!).  what logic: you either believe he is the GOAT or you are a hater.    to demonstrate how silly that is, substitute 'brian scalabrine' into similar discussions.  scalabrine&gt;kobe  and you all KNOW it to be true in your hearts
God Has Spoken::No, but seriously. What's it supposed to be?
God Has Spoken::What does your name even mean? You, sir, are no longer allowed to comment on this board ever again. LOL!
lakirz rock::hater!
NASH_10::Good teams find ways to win, especially against conference rivals. The Blazers always give the Lakeshow what they can handle. A few weeks ago, these Lakes would have shrunk in the 3rd or 4th, never to recover. I hope they've learned their lesson - that as much as they struggle with Antoni's offense and Howard's low post game...they MUST look for D12 and "feed the Big Dog." You feed him - and he'll keep you happy by protecting the home :)
NASH_10::As a laker myself, it was a frustrating game to watch - because neither team was playing much defense (with the exception of Howard and Metta's wicked left hand lol). And Batum had a typical game, hitting seemingly every shot he took, along with Damian Lillard. But it was a typical LA-Portland game - going down to basically the last minute. The lakeshow pulled it out, which they would have not done a few weeks ago. They still aren't visibly happy with each other, thanks to the ludicrous Antoni offense. Some fans actually hope the Lakers go on a losing streak, to force management to fire Antoni, put in Bernie Bickerstaff till the end of the season, rest up D12 and Gasol, and give Phil his job back and make the most of this squad.
lakirz rock::hickson had a field day in the paint... i'm not sure howard was doing that much protecting... let's see what a truly talented big can do against him
TheDailySpecial21::So is Maynor not active until next game?
brownbear541::yeah he had just arrived in ptown friday. will be playing sunday vs the c's
lakirz rock::congrats to lakers on their marvelous narrow victory over a sub .500 team that entered the game on a 6-game losing streak.  being awarded 22 more FT attempts may have swayed things in their favor, but let's not underestimate just how significant this win was.
thomas9577::everybody in the nba is overhyped, that's what they do
thomas9577::you want your team to shoot more free throws? stop taking jump shots and drive to the rim
brownbear541::are you kidding me? they were getting hammered and got next to no calls. did you even watch the game last night ? that was some of the worst officiating ever.
ShiloInn1985::or that shaq went thru 7 years of the league during jordans/hakeems reign and cudnt win a damn thing, until kobe was a starter and drawing all those double/triple teams.
AntW310::Well my blindness didnt prevent me from seeing 5 parades... 5 rings....  Kobe is the reason the Lakers have stayed in contention (up until this year, when they rebuilt and suffered injuries) And if you say Kobe was great because of Shaq.. why is it that when the didnt have each other.. Kobe still won 2 while Shaq won 1? People never have a logical answer for this occurrence.
ShiloInn1985::hate is even more blind.  and unfortunately that's the only way you can see kobe so, touche.
lakirz rock::not much to say to you guys except the old adage that 'love is blind', because you don't see it.
ShiloInn1985::no, you dont understand what it means.  or basketball in general, if you believe kobe has gotten anything but short shrift, in terms of his abilities to accolades ratio.  you just hate kobe, bcuz you know he will be regarded as a better overall player than whoever you root for. you wouldnt be here, otherwise.
AntW310::Kobe Bryant is FAR from overhyped. If he is, then lets see your team not double or triple team him, and lets see how quickly this hype is realized.
lakirz rock::ShiloInn1985 - lol @ 'overhyped'.  why? do you not understand what it means?  kobe's reputed clutchness is overhyped his ability to perform in the Finals is overhyped check the stats
ShiloInn1985::lol @ 'overhyped'.
lakirz rock::....or sign an overhyped player like kobe bryant who the nba and media have tried to manufacture into the 'next MJ' so that most of the calls go your way in the name of promoting the nba product.
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::Phil Jackson only won Coach of the Year once. Obviously, measuring greatness in the NBA based off of individual awards is pointless (cough cough, Heat fans).
lakirz rock::maybe that's because PJ has a history of taking over and managing teams already stacked with talent and on the cusp of greatness, rather than coaching non-playoff talent into contenders.    PJ was GREAT at managing the egos of superstar talent, but he never really showed the same level of greatness by taking a team of relative scrubs and making them better... that's something other COY winners have done and why they have been deserving recipients.
I Want To Watch Lambeau Field Burn To The Ground::your tears taste good haters
lasportsfanforlife24::@Mike_Bresnahan Earl Clark (sprained/dislocated pinky finger) and Steve Nash (sore back) will play against Dallas on Sunday.  good news
lasportsfanforlife24::kobe having 5 rings  and lebron has 1 so sad
lasportsfanforlife24::kareem has 6 mvps u mad
AntW310::If Kareem has 6 MVPs and what, 3, 4 rings... would he not be in the GOAT discussion too? If not why? The rings really matter when coupled with team leadership, regardless of whether you win "MVP" or not. LeBron's numbers are inflated, and so are his MVPs..... I agree with you LASportsfan...
Championship Mouth::Thiusands have rings how many have 4 MVP's  u mad?
oblique15::Nash has 2, Rose even has 1 lol  obviously MVP`s are overatted
lasportsfanforlife24::lebron had to leave the cavs to win a title so sad,
dvdlucs626::shaq had too leave orlando also, so whats the big deal?
lasportsfanforlife24::hhahahah so true^ i love the quotation marks around fans
thomas9577::notice nobody wanted to go to cleveland when lebron was there?  he had to go to wade's team to win?  heat "fans" never think about that, how NOBODY wanted to go to cleveland and play with lebron...wonder why that is
Championship Mouth::nobody ever says they "had to" leave the Cavs that's like saying I "had to" leave prison
Championship Mouth::Kobe has one more finals MVP than Chauncey Billups so sad
lasportsfanforlife24::Championship Mouth likes the heat yankees and rams  wow strangely odd
thomas9577::he started liking the rams when they won the super bowl
Championship Mouth::Kobe has the same amount of MVP's as Dirk. so sad
lasportsfanforlife24::and both are going into the hof  so your point is
Championship Mouth::Kobe guarantees Laker make the playoffs. Later that day: Tim Duncan and Tony Parker were heard chuckling
Supa Saiyan Chris::championship mouth looks like and is a troll on the internet and real life
jack nelson 888::Lakers turnin it around!! We all know records and seeding dont mean anything in the playoffs. Whoever is hottest will win. Watch out for the Lakers
lasportsfanforlife24::i actually dont hate lebron i hate the so called heat fans and his bandwagon d ick riders
lasportsfanforlife24::hater at what,  yes at you cause your understanding of basketball is not good
Championship Mouth::sounds like you're a hater
lasportsfanforlife24::i still remember michael jordan calling kobe still the best in the league  the best ever to play this game knows whats up
dvdlucs626::dillusional, magic was and is the best player ever
lasportsfanforlife24::how am i mad, im stating facts, something you cant handle
Championship Mouth::why u so mad bro?
Championship Mouth::LeBron James!  mad?
lasportsfanforlife24::mad at what
Championship Mouth::c'mon bro don't be mad
lasportsfanforlife24::i still remember kobe s h it swatting lebron twice last week
lasportsfanforlife24::Championship Mouth  is argubly the du mbest poster here
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::Does anyone remember the 2012 All-Star game when Kobe dared LeBron to shoot and he passed? And the 2013 All-Star when Kobe blocked LeBron twice??
Championship Mouth::26-29 why?
lasportsfanforlife24::actually 27-29 and playing a ton better
lasportsfanforlife24::i remember when lebron disappeared vs the mavs in 2011
ThaG13::kobe disappeared in every playoffs they lost, lebron with the exception of 2011 has been the best player on the court regardless
lasportsfanforlife24::lebron getting swept vs the spurs
Championship Mouth::Kobe 2006 vs Phoenix
Championship Mouth::Iverson career 27 5 6 Kobe Career 25 5 5  Game over
Steve91406::where is Iverson right now?
lasportsfanforlife24::whats a gane
Championship Mouth::LeBron has already passed Kobe on the All Time best list. Kobe is just a scorer and for his career averages less ppg than Iverson. Kobe is Iverson with longevity.........Plain and Simple
ThaG13::lebron has already passed kobe all time kobe is just a scorer and alienator of teammates
lasportsfanforlife24::stop liking your own posts your just ignorant  how can you like the yankees and heat?? haha front run much
LeeRob302::Not young kobe anymore but he damn sure changed his game over the later years to match his athletic abilities to be Elite in the NBA in his 17th season. I honestly dont think Lebron can maintain the level of Dominance at 34 like Kobe has. Just sayin
Championship Mouth::How many top five all time players only have one MVP? answer - 0
ThaG13::haha kobe is so great but yet only won 1 mvp and that def wasnt unanimous it was a wide open race there but i believe they gave it to kobe cause he didnt have one to satisfy him
Championship Mouth::lol
Steve91406::@Championship Mouth = (butt hole) btw, you are the only dog here that actually sounds mad, bro.
lasportsfanforlife24::stop liking your posts
lasportsfanforlife24::Kobe bryant only nba player to have 81 points 62 points, 9 straight 40 pt games 117 total average 30 for an entire month
lasportsfanforlife24::i can point out him passing wilt this year also on the all time scoring list
ThaG13::typical kobe fan only points out his points and nothing else he can
ThaG13::its amazing how blinded lakers fans are about their opinion about kobe haha, lebron has easily been the best player in the league for at least the past  7 years and should have won at least 5 mvp's but the media gets tired of voting for him kobe has barley been the best player on his team  until recently, now cause he scores 40 and he is 34 makes him the best player on the planet but laker fans ingnore everything else to make a complete bball player not someone who just chucks up shots, lebron throughout his career has been better in every facet of the game than kobe
ThaG13::rings dont define how great a player is, your team wins the ring so i'm not even going there, i dont care how many rings lebron wins he is only 28 and by the time he is done he will eclipse kobe in greatness, remember lebron has ALWAYS been the #1 guy on his team
ShiloInn1985::rings most certainly do define it, because its the ultimate task on the ultimate stage. and 2 out of 3 times, Lebron has failed on that stage. Kobe has a better ratio, against miles better competition. That same Spurs team the Cavs got clobbered by~ was an even older version of the prime team the Lakers had owned, until 2003. See, your version of lebron history leads me to believe you havent been watching basketball for more than say, 5-7 years.
ThaG13::lebron went above and beyond last year and is doing amazing things are a player not just someone who scores 40 and does nothing else
ShiloInn1985::false. lebron hasnt put together a complete finals performance, for a whole series, even still.  there were more role players hitting key shots last year in a 60 GAME season, than the 86 celtics.
ShiloInn1985::mvps are popularity contests. only finals bron can legitimately claim is the 03 finals. as he really did a bang up job of getting the Cavs to the dance. They just lost to a buzzsaw in the spurs, and lebron was way too green to be in that scenario.  It's been 10 years and youre seriously gonna put him in the same category as a guy who has been a critical part of 3 finals and 2 rings since then?. with the league as competitive as it is, and lebrons potential injury curve being so high~ You may have to adjust your expectations a little. if Wade fades, Bosh leaves, or the East gets even a nudge tougher, were talking about lebron capping out at 4 rings max.
lasportsfanforlife24::there is a reason for opinions everyone has one,   lebron is the best no doubt, but he took it over last year
Championship Mouth::truth
Championship Mouth::Lebron comes to Miami and claims he will win multiple finals. In just 2 quick seasons he goes to 2 finals and wins one already.  Business Is Boomin For LeBron u mad?
lasportsfanforlife24::really lebron had to leave the cavs to join bosh and wade
ThaG13::lebron doing it as the man in miami   kobe did it as the sidekick to shaq, then got jerry west traded p gasol when he was an all star for k brown? and the the league doesnt step in? now kobe cant ride anyone since gasol is old and injured and odom is gone
lasportsfanforlife24::liking your own posts you mad bro lebron is such an individual player not team
lasportsfanforlife24::Kobe having 5 rings you mad
Championship Mouth::Kobe - 18 years 1 MVP Lebron - 10 years 4 MVP's  u mad bro?
lasportsfanforlife24::Lebron is going balder than most 50 year old men and is on steroids!!!
Championship Mouth::Free Throws 34-12  The Refs Are Baaaaack!
Steve91406::Just funny how a dude doesn't watch the game and only stats came on the internet and trying to be tough, anyways, intentional fails need to be called, got it?
lasportsfanforlife24::ikr hahaha shouldnt he be a marlins fan if he likes the heat
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::A Yankees fan AND a Heat fan? What an odd combination.
lasportsfanforlife24::actually win an 82 game season one  first then come talk
lasportsfanforlife24::remember this not 1, not 2, not 3, not 4, not 5, not 6, not 7
Championship Mouth::1 down u mad?
lasportsfanforlife24::i wonder how many miami heat fans there were before the summer of 2010???
lasportsfanforlife24::well hey atleast you admitt it your a yankees fan hahah and a heat fan
Championship Mouth::hmmmm?
jtopperz::How about the tech on wes he clearly got raked by Howard loses the ball and the ref just stands there looking like a fool of course Wesley is gonna be pist
jtopperz::I thought the tech on Aldridge was smart cause maybe the refs might start calling it both ways afterwards but of course as everyone saw the refs continued to blow calls
Championship Mouth::it was awful
Championship Mouth::you saw that too?
lasportsfanforlife24::lakers are back!!!!
zZSmOkIn-KuShZz::haha I didnt realize Portland is on a 7 game losing streak
jtopperz::Sall good bro
jtopperz::Not u  I'm talking to bruwins86
zZSmOkIn-KuShZz::oh my bad bro its cuz my high is wearing off
jtopperz::Shut up troll no one cares about what ur saying
zZSmOkIn-KuShZz::then dont reply to my comment d.umb $@%!
BRUWINS86::Everyone plays better when they play the best franchise in the NBA, everyone gets up and brings their A game, even the Fail Blazers!
BRUWINS86::Why do you ask? Well primarily because they want to play for the Lakers!!!! They are hoping Laker management and coaching staff notice them play hard and maybe pick them up/invite them to camp in the future!
BRUWINS86::It's no surprise we'er playing better now that Morris and Duhon are on the bench and not starting anymore! With Blake back and Nash as close to 100% as he can be we are playing better. It even seems punk arss Dwight has a better attitude! When we get Pau back we will be legit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ShiloInn1985::I'd rather see him and Clark split the minutes. Pau isn't durable enough to be a 30 MPG type of player anymore. Clark is hitting 3s for Christ sake.
blazers4real::gotta love Antawn Jamisons baseline drive to the basket, misses everything and catches his own shot, isnt that a "travel" ? plus the refs give him the basket, when its clearly blocked? damian lillard shooting a 3, gets whacked hard on the head by kobe, no call, where are the replacement refs at ?
blazers4real::why dont you copyright that, lmao
blazers4real::How about the three to four drives damian got fouled on? Play on dude!
thevindicated216::you're the one whining, take your own advice
BRUWINS86::How about the three to four drives Kobe got fouled on? Play on dude!
BRUWINS86::Some whine with that cheese?
ShiloInn1985::I also loved the 4-5 extra fouls that the refs could have called on the Blazers when they were pushing, holding and keeping Dwight away from the basket. But since he wasnt in game shape to push through it and put up a shot on basket, no foul was called.  We see what we want to see, I guess.
offdachiz::No, not really.
ShiloInn1985::if you could dvr every game played on a nightly basis, youd see that 80% of the games played fit that same criteria you just described.  me thinks ur being more emotional about it, since it was the lakers.
offdachiz::Where did anyone say it was an injustice? There were crucial calls that affected the outcome of an otherwise well played game
ShiloInn1985::I think if I'm arguing with someone who thinks last nite's game was some sort of benchmark for injustice, the 'smart' thing is more or less default-granted.  to me. lol.
offdachiz::Then why are you so interested in it if it's meaningless. And really, scopes trial, talk about using superlatives, or was that just a way to try and sound smart?
ShiloInn1985::i would gladly go back to JuCo, if i was still 18. Lots of hot tail there, if not studying.  The point is you're making this game out to be the Scopes Trial, when it was just one semi-meaningless NBA reg season game.  lmao
offdachiz::How is that a superlative? Is it not a notorious game? I think you need to go back to junior college
ShiloInn1985::most notorious? lol i can only direct you to my lower comment where I reference ppl who speak in superlatives over one small, routine game.
offdachiz::No I saw some of the times Howard was being grabbed and agree those could be called. I think you see what you want to see. Especially if you are referencing one of the most notorious poorly called games as being anything but.
ShiloInn1985::He didnt even get a catch inside 60% of time. It's the game dude. If it was 12 years ago and it was Sabonis getting pushed around like that inside, you'd be here complaining about it.
offdachiz::Umm except catching your own shot is in no way a "judgment" call of a foul. Kinda like a three pointer is when you are behind the line. What about Wes Mathews getting hit on the elbow on a pull up or Batum losing the ball out of bounds when his elbow got hit.
NJNets_100979::wow the lakers are back
dcjr7921::Most of those fouls were committed on Dwight Howard. I hardly call that an advantage for the Lakers. Then you had the intentional fouls down the stretch. Butt-hurt haters can spin numbers anyway they want.
ShiloInn1985::Oh sorry. Would you rather me put it in Morse Code or something?  Semaphore, perhaps?
ShiloInn1985::No, Mr. Common Sense Smith.
dcjr7921::LOL... Just cracking on that extensive vocabulary.
ShiloInn1985::FT disparity has been widely used as an excuse since 2002, when the Kings pantomimed and feigned their way into making everyone believe the Lakers didn't somehow miraculously climb back into that game and win it on their own.  And it's been misused and abused ever since.
dcjr7921::Stephen A. Smith?
Go Go USA 1313::Steve Nash is the only respectable man on this team
BoisePanther3489 XIII::34 to 12 Free Throw disparity...once again, gotta beat the Lakers and the Refs.
Steve91406::so intentional fails shouldn't be called? which blazer committed like 12 of them? You never watched the game, that's why you didn't know how many hard fails that's just too obvious to be not called even if the ref hates the Lakers, got it? or you don't, cause you are a  r e t a r d.
ShiloInn1985::smh
zZSmOkIn-KuShZz::did the refs score the 40 points for kobe too
offdachiz::no they just made lots of bad calls and missed a lot of others.
jtopperz::Worst reffing I have ever witnessed in a nba game both teams played hard dont get me wrong but the refs decided this game after blowing call after call   They literally called a 3 pointer a 2 pointer after reviewing  Are they blind?!?!? If u pause it right b4 he shoots you can see space between his toes and 3 point line
jtopperz::You can all disagree with me but calling me kid doesnt win u the argument plus I where glasses   The point I'm making is the refs blew this game both teams played hard but only the lakers were getting calls consistently   I'm not trying to hate on the lakers
ShiloInn1985::Worst reffing you've ever seen?  You know I had this professor at my old Jr. College.  He said  when someone speaks in superlatives, about something very specific, it's usually hyperbole to be dismissed.
zZSmOkIn-KuShZz::I think you need some glasses
LeBron 8 Points In A Finals Game::No you honestly can't, kid.
