Sub15---------------::Everybody go <sup>up</sup> and <sub>down</sub>, <sup>up</sup> and <sub>down.</sub>
Rondo is a Bum::I'm going to the Heat's board to talk trash.
Mahoney_3460::lol
Rondo is a Bum::Go C's!
Rondo is a Bum::I will admit this though, out of all the East teams, I give Boston the best chance of beating Miami and Chicago because of our defense, heart, coaching, clutch players, and experience in the playoffs. We have enough stars, youth, veterans, and pride to not go down without a fight. This championship core has seen it all and been through the wars. Pietrus and Sasha has finals experience and everyone except for Steamer has been to the playoffs.
Theoretical Noodle::All they need is Rondo. Trust me. As long as somebody doesnt try and kill Rondo again this playoffs...you are going to like the results.
Theoretical Noodle::At least it looks like hes coming back. I was beginning to think he was done for the year.
Rondo is a Bum::I hope you're right. I do want Pietrus back as well. With him added to our tenacious defensive mined bench, teams may not score at all. LOL
Theoretical Noodle::I would not count Boston out though. They have grit.
Theoretical Noodle::Bradley will frustrate Wade, for sure.   The more important question you should be asking, Keith, is if Pierce can slow down Lebron for 4 games.
Theoretical Noodle::Not worried about Bosh either. Garnett can control that freak.
Theoretical Noodle::Doc could put Bradley or Rondo on James too. ;)
Rondo is a Bum::Paul can't do it for 4 games but he has Air France and Sasha to help him out.
Dwayne_Johnson23::nope
Theoretical Noodle::All that being said, a lot would have to go right for Boston to beat the Bulls or Heat. They are deep and Boston is not.
Theoretical Noodle::Keith, most analysts are saying Bradley is the best perimeter defender in the NBA.   Its time you wake up.
Rondo is a Bum::I know this but its still too much of a task to shut down Wade for that many games.
Theoretical Noodle::If he slows him down for 2 games, that could be enough. Again, your focus is too limited.
Mahoney_3460::anyone who doubts bradley's ability to successfully guard top point guards in the league clearly haventbeen watching any celtics games....defense doesn't show up on stats sheets.
Mahoney_3460::Oh i forgot about kevin garnett on garbage chris bosh... what am i missing here folks? I get it, they have the two best superstars in the league but last year celtics didnt have an avery bradley defender and they weren't playing great ball at this time of the year like they are now.
Rondo is a Bum::That's false. I've been watching Boston all season. Avery is a great defender but do you honestly think he can effectively shut down a "superstar" in Wade 4 out if 7 times for the C's to win that series?
Theoretical Noodle::And its not up solely to Bradley to stop the Heat. Your focus is too narrow here.
Theoretical Noodle::And you are wrong, Keith. The numbers say that Boston's defense have improved markedly since Bradley has been getting starter minutes.
Mahoney_3460::anything is possible buddy, look where the celtics are in the standings...
Theoretical Noodle::Their offense as well. Which is a little odd.
Rondo is a Bum::Ok, do you honesty think that Avery can slow down Wade 4 out of 7 times for Boston to move on?
Theoretical Noodle::Yes, i honestly think Bradley can slow down Wade 4 out of 7 times.
Theoretical Noodle::For every star the Heat or Bulls have, Boston has an answer defensively.
Rondo is a Bum::Such as? Rondo can't stop Rose.
Theoretical Noodle::He can neutralize him. Hes a First Team Defensive player for a reason.   Rose will chuck, thats what chuckers do..but Rondo will help his team more.
Theoretical Noodle::Wade does not scare me at all anymore now that we have Bradley.   In fact, there is not a SG in the NBA that would worry me vs. Bradley.
Dwayne_Johnson23::the lakers have a sg thats pretty good
Theoretical Noodle::No comment.
Rondo is a Bum::Look, I love Avery, but he's not our defensive savior. Wade is a superstar for a reason. He will put Avery in a lot of foul trouble tomorrow. He will look for revenge since Bradley made him look bad the last time.
Theoretical Noodle::Bradley makes everyone look bad.
Mahoney_3460::Lol i know right, the Celtics have a pretty good ACE up their sleeve right now with this kid... Everybody should be scared if they're not already....
Theoretical Noodle::When Rondo,Bradley and Stiemsma are on the court, that is a nasty defensive rotation.
Rondo is a Bum::What do we have to do to beat Miami and Chicago?
Mahoney_3460::According to every ESPN and NBA.com, the HEAT and BULLS are the top dogs now....but i get what you're saying.
Mahoney_3460::think about it, are you afraid of miami out rebounding the celtics? nope, so they def have a chance.... The bulls are the one team that can hurt you on the glass with all their rebounders and depth. Oh, and Derick Rose too....
Rondo is a Bum::I agree with this. I feel Boston has more scoring options than the Bulls though.
Mahoney_3460::they gotta be physical and play their style of bball to beat them. A lot of things would also have to get their way in order to take these top dogs down...
Theoretical Noodle::Pierce would need to cancel out Lebron. ( Attainable )  Rondo would need to cancel out Rose. ( Easily attainable )
Rondo is a Bum::I still think the C's are a top dog. What about you?
Theoretical Noodle::Score more points than they do.
Theoretical Noodle::Stiemsma is surprising everyone.
Rondo is a Bum::I agree, is he the C's future center?
Theoretical Noodle::Not sure. At the very least, hes a viable reserve.   Did you see him body up Hibbert the other day? I was impressed. He has learned a lot since the beginning of the season.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Odom probably had to agree not to sign with anyone.  Plus there's no point considering he won't be playoff eligible
Road dog Red::darn....
Road dog Red::Lamar Odom to the BossTown Celtics...... \Bada BING
Mahoney_3460::hmm ok sounds about right. he had a BAD year anyway, i'd rather have the STEAMSMA out there
Mahoney_3460::isnt he inactive? does that mean he can sign with another team or is he done?
Theoretical Noodle::He would have had to have been released by late March to be eligible.
Road dog Red::Whoa....that sucks
Dwayne_Johnson23::Nah
Road dog Red::The Mavs are releasing him...should be able to sign with anyone ..if he wants
Theoretical Noodle::He cant play for another this team this year.
Theoretical Noodle::Yes! All potheads welcome.
Rondo is a Bum::"PP &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Rondo" - MJ
Theoretical Noodle::Jordan or Magic?  Magic says Rondo is the best.
Rondo is a Bum::Michael
Road dog Red::RELEASE THE KRACKEN
Theoretical Noodle::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SqC_m3yUDU
Dwayne_Johnson23::dislike
Theoretical Noodle::IT DOESNT MATTER IF YOU DISLIKE
jdzspace.::talk to you guys later, gotta run
Rondo is a Bum::$@% off JD
Theoretical Noodle::Cya
Road dog Red::PEACE
Road dog Red::JD, Dwayne...looks like the stars are line up for a deep run
Mahoney_3460::haha, its time for the celtics to win the next 3 in a row, then get some rest
Dwayne_Johnson23::You see this upcoming schedule?  Looks like the stars bolted!
Road dog Red::?
Dwayne_Johnson23::?
Theoretical Noodle::You know what its time for?
Road dog Red::lol...time to lay the HAMMER down on them jibronis...its a perfect time
Road dog Red::Hello AGAIN... \with the Celtics one learns PATIENCE
Theoretical Noodle::Takes tough fans to be a fan of the tough Celtics.
Theoretical Noodle::Back to back on the road. No shame in that one.   Should have beat the Spurs.
Road dog Red::The Tics are tough...cept when they lie down to the Bulls
Mahoney_3460::i didnt realize there were so many kids on these forums...
Theoretical Noodle::Lighten up. Smoke some weed
Dwayne_Johnson23::FUC.K WHAT YOU DIDN'T REALIZE  Plus JD is about 42
Road dog Red::and JD is the youngster
Rondo is a Bum::Lol
Theoretical Noodle::Dwayne who is your favorite player?   Ive seen you with a Pierce avatar and a Rondo avatar.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Paul Pierce all day every day
Dwayne_Johnson23::And neither is Irving
jdzspace.::he will not be better than Rondo. . .. . hell, Rondo isn't even as good as he can be now.
Dwayne_Johnson23::hahah no tats for me
Theoretical Noodle::SHUT YOUR MOUTH
jdzspace.::but have you had his name tattooed on your shaft like Keith has?
Rondo is a Bum::You would be a fool by not liking PP
Dwayne_Johnson23::Irving will be better than Rondo one day
Dwayne_Johnson23::I own about 5 Pierce jersey's.  His KU one, two Celtics one, an Inglewood one, and a hybrid football one
jdzspace.::why does that not surprise me. atleast he likes someone with some talent, unlike his other picks.   like Kylie Irving being better than Rondo.. . . . . .that's just foolishness
Theoretical Noodle::I dont believe you. I think you are just saying that because Keith is here.
Rondo is a Bum::"My son Rondo, I need you to come home" - ET
jdzspace.::"not yet, i have to carry this fatty to another championship before I can go"- Rondo
jdzspace.::lame that they aren't moving the team?   that seems like a very positive thing to me
Dwayne_Johnson23::lame
jdzspace.::they are going to make a new Arena, that is all that matters.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Hey are the kings gonna make the playoffs this year?
Dwayne_Johnson23::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKI-tD0L18A
Theoretical Noodle::Weird kitty
Theoretical Noodle::Avery Bradley giving an interview regarding Ray Allen moving to the bench:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfITIncaE1w
jdzspace.::is it topical or too soon to suggest Rondo not do any of his roller skating in his hoodie down in Miami?
Theoretical Noodle::Rondo is a pimp.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Yes milk is good unless you're carb conscious
Theoretical Noodle::Or milk.
jdzspace.::GAT-OR-ADE!!
Dwayne_Johnson23::Keep dreaming jabroni.  I've been owning you lately in mom jokes.  But it's all good  And gatorade is not good for you.  Drink water
jdzspace.::that was just a non-clever return on what i already said. take a timeout, drink some gatorade and come back better next time
Dwayne_Johnson23::So will your mother
jdzspace.::i'll take that
Rondo is a Bum::Avery seems to be to scary to be a star.
Theoretical Noodle::What does that even mean?
Dwayne_Johnson23::Same with Cam Newton
jdzspace.::Wall is better than Pierce
Rondo is a Bum::nope.
jdzspace.::Wall is better
Dwayne_Johnson23::Yes
jdzspace.::who? does he play for the Wizards?
Theoretical Noodle::His jumper is getting better, Westbrook still has a shit jumper.
jdzspace.::well this has been a fun day off. . ..so i guess i'll see you guys next wednesday. after the critical run we have going.   but now i have to go to stupid work for the next 9 straight days. . . yippie. ugh
Theoretical Noodle::This stretch is one of the toughest ive ever seen.
jdzspace.::maybe, but not in this stretch.   we have miami,atl, then charlotte, nj, and . . . . . I think mil  though i guess NJ is a playoff team, or are they? . . . . meh
Theoretical Noodle::Never mind..i see what you meant.
Theoretical Noodle::Im pretty sure like 6 of the last 10 are vs. playoff teams.
jdzspace.::yeah, atleast we only have 2 playoff teams to play in this upcoming stretch. and that will be done before the 3x3
Theoretical Noodle::Yea, but i was talking about that plus the stretch they have already made it through, starting last Sunday vs. Miami. Its BRUTAL.
jdzspace.::5 games in 6 days. 3 straight on the road.   not to mention Miami tomorrow and Atl on Weds. so it's like 8 games in 10 days.   that is ridiculous. i'm going to put a bounty out on the schedule maker
Theoretical Noodle::Bradley will be a hybrid of Westbrook and Tony Allen.
jdzspace.::that would be awesome
Dwayne_Johnson23::http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=LV28AL0k1kY
Theoretical Noodle::Owned.
jdzspace.::I didn't say i would to anyone important
Dwayne_Johnson23::hahah JD you wouldn't curb stomp anyone
Theoretical Noodle::lol wtf
jdzspace.::what? curb stomp your mom like the plane did that chick.   yeah, probably
Dwayne_Johnson23::Something JD would do
Rondo is a Bum::Will Avery be a D-Wade type of star or a Tony Allen defensive type of star?
Dwayne_Johnson23::Avery might be the next Bruce Bowen but with a better jumper
jdzspace.::i dont' think Bowen could ever drive like Avery
jdzspace.::why not a little bit of both
Theoretical Noodle::Neither.
Theoretical Noodle::Somewhere in between.
Theoretical Noodle::Austin Rivers will be a star.
Theoretical Noodle::I know these things..i recognized that Rondo would be a star long before anyone else did.   Im telling you right now...Bradley will be a star.
Dwayne_Johnson23::JD thinks Mikki Moore is a star in the making
jdzspace.::Mikki never played better than when he was with Boston. this is commonly known as "the Rondo effect"
Theoretical Noodle::Hmm..
Theoretical Noodle::Bradley is a star in the making. No joke.
jdzspace.::anyone who plays alongside Rondo is a star in the making
jdzspace.::he did play better alongside Rondo than he did at any other point since.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Like Mikki Moore?
Dwayne_Johnson23::So is Kyrie Irving
jdzspace.::LMAO!!! out of the league in 4 years max, if he lasts that long
Theoretical Noodle::Maybe.
Theoretical Noodle::I actually do think Redick is better than House.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Maybe an equal ball handler as well
jdzspace.::Redick isn't better than Avery
jdzspace.::maybe against other children
Dwayne_Johnson23::He's a better shooter.  That is all
Theoretical Noodle::Hell no.
Rondo is a Bum::PP would make Rondo look silly in a 1 on 1 match-up.
Theoretical Noodle::Rondo would destroy him one on one. Pierce is far to slow and lack the athleticism needed to compete with Rondo.
jdzspace.::i concur
Rondo is a Bum::So you say
jdzspace.::half court, maybe. full court, it would last about 10min and Rondo would win 21-6 while Pierce was sucking oxygen after collapsing at halfcourt
jdzspace.::in short bursts maybe
Rondo is a Bum::PP can run fast as well, lol.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Pretty sure that's a fact
Theoretical Noodle::As Jd would say.. " are you drunk?"
Rondo is a Bum::No
NY NBK- Far Superior 3::76ers will miss the playoffs and Bucks take their spot
Theoretical Noodle::Mahoney apparently does not understand his role.
jdzspace.::C's!
Dwayne_Johnson23::Go Green!
jdzspace.::if by "weak" you mean true. then i concur
Dwayne_Johnson23::^weak
jdzspace.::NEWSFLASH= the word "never" will now be further represented as "over and over and over and over again"  seems odd, but that is clearly how DJ is using it
Dwayne_Johnson23::I'm not even getting into that conversation anymore.  I'm done proving JD wrong over and over and over and over again
Dwayne_Johnson23::BULLSH.IT
Theoretical Noodle::Hes mad about House being better than Redick.
jdzspace.::so much hate. . . . . you mad?
Dwayne_Johnson23::Neither of you can do it.  But JD is just stuck being a bi.tch
Theoretical Noodle::Oh..Jd can do it, but i cant?
jdzspace.::Or go home!!
Theoretical Noodle::Do i really think Rondo is a better overall player than Pierce?   Yes.
Theoretical Noodle::What i mean by better overall player is - he brings more 'value' to the team, overall.
Rondo is a Bum::Nebula  Why do you and JD hate PP so much?
Mahoney_3460::and im pretty sure The Rock isn't a celtics fan... just sayin...
Dwayne_Johnson23::WHOA WHOA WHOA, Don't put words into the Rock's mouth
jdzspace.::we dont' hate Pierce, Rondo is just a better player. that's all
Mahoney_3460::does it matter who hates who? all that matters is paul pierce just won eastern conference player of the month, c's are in 1st place in the division, they're 17-7 since all star break. Actions speak louder than words. haters
Rondo is a Bum::Lol
Theoretical Noodle::lol
Dwayne_Johnson23::hahaha!
Dwayne_Johnson23::Every year we have this discussion
Theoretical Noodle::Im just playing, Keith. Ive been telling you that for 3 years.
Rondo is a Bum::4 years
jdzspace.::ooooooohhhh the years. :)
Theoretical Noodle::C's!
Dwayne_Johnson23::Don't do that
atlkee1787::Top 5 teams in the NBA right now. 1. Spurs 2. Heat 3. OKC 4. Grizzlies 5. Bulls
Mahoney_3460::poor 76ers, all i heard was how good they were earlier in the season? There's a difference between elite and a good team. Celtics are one of those elite teams. Get used to it folks. Playoffs are gonna be wild...
Rondo is a Bum::Rondo is a stud. There, I said it. Lol
Theoretical Noodle::Pierce is fat. There, i said it.
Dwayne_Johnson23::IT DOESN'T MATTER IF YOU SAID IT
Rondo is a Bum::Lol
Rondo is a Bum::Do you 2 even like PP? You 2 bash him all the time. You call him fatty, not-clutch, and out of shape. Why do you 2 hate Paul so much?
