Blitzburg119::What is Jordan doing? Charlotte is a disgrace.
Dulcevida50::The Charlotte is by far the new clippers of the 21st century
EricDavis0822::If only we could play MJ's Bobcats every game.  --Brooklyn
Porkchop8920::Who said that?
TheArtOfExplosions::Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb  Top Performers Charlotte: B. Haywood 8 Pts, 8 Reb
TomaikoJO1339::We get it! Jeez.
sam the man I am::Anytime P.J.Carlisimo can come off the court without being strangled, its a success.
12yearlagavulin::Can or should owners fire themselves?
Crawford80467::Sorry, but this is really nothing. Beating the worst team in the league at home is a non-story. Talk to me when they put a string of wins together.
Bill7511::I am a big PJ fan ,all the way back to the great job he did at Wagner College. You go pal!! All the Best!!! I sincerely hope the Nets give him this chance that he has earned and richly deserves. tHEY SHOULD AT THE VERY LEAST GIVE HIM THE REST OF THIS SEASON AND SEE WHAT TRANSPIRES!!!
BParcells123::Who said this new Bobcats coach was good?
dindingwe001::How does the Bobcats starting lineup score less than MJ averaged in his prime?
dindingwe001::MJ, how much longer for this experiment? LA fired Brown, 1-5, Nets fired AJ 14-14, Bobcats are 7-27, how much longer?
wristedhip::Mike Dunlap has one tough job.
SEC University is my favorite team::this just in... bobcats are bad  wow, shocker
NJ Stolen Car Capitol::The start of the PJ Choke out the Opponents Tour coming to a city near you
Rosstafarian5371::This 8th win for the Bobcats is just a biotch, Kemba really needs to start playing better and pretty much everyone else.
IAmTheNFLSource::The Bobcats got to 7 wins and thought, eh, good enough
dychen::I'm just wondering if a coach has ever been Coach of the month to start a season and get fired before the next month is completed?  That's got to be rare.  11-4 (accolades) to 3-10 (unemployment) all in the span of less than 30 days?
krappie1010::"Way to go P.J. -- I could hug your neck I'm so happy for you!"  -- Spree
Bumslayer86::How does Charlotte suck this bad.. they've went on 3 ridiculously long losing streaks in '12 that i didn't think was possible
amiller244::Hey Nets,  Enjoying the declining Gerald Wallace we gave you for those expiring contracts and Damian Lillard?  Sincerely, Portland Trail Blazers
Rudibager::Wallace is declining?  Man, he must have been a borderline superstar on the Portland TraiLosers
Ubernichtbekannt::I still like Gerald Wallace.Maybe not the right fit for the Nets but I think he's got 4 or five really solid years left in him.
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::Nets&gt;Blazers
Antsea91::by a total of 1 win lmao
cb12490::"At least we're not charlotte!" - Cleveland
Indians1028::$@%! off
sports guy12::Vodka Man and Jay-Z aren't doing a very good job
Man in L.A luvs his fiancee82::All Time Coach Killer list" 1.Kobe with 7 2.Mike Vick with 4 3.D.Will with 3 4.Dwightmare with 2
Go Google it::Kobe 7?
Antsea91::mike brown yes, rudy yes, rambis yes others no
Man in L.A luvs his fiancee82::Dale Harris,Kurt Rambis Phil 2x,Mike Brown ,Rudy Tomjanovich,Mr pringles
Serbastain08::Top performer: B. Haywood???? And you wonder why they are not winning.
Man in L.A luvs his fiancee82::D.Will best years came under the tutorship of J.Sloan ,J.Sloan molded Stockton to be a HOF and was in the works of molding D.Will into one until his inner "ignorant" came out ! Note to future ball players if you let your emotions and Ego get in the way you will end up like A.I and or D Will
Serbastain08::Someone needs to be man enough to tell MJ, he needs to stay out of the decision making business. The Bobcats do not have a player to build around,
ChuckOlajuwon::Oh yeah, the ship is right now.  They beat the Bobcats.  They could have let AJ at least get this win before letting him go.
thomas9577::deron williams has gotten rid of 2 coaches in his short career...that's impressive
Man in L.A luvs his fiancee82::He will never come close to Kobe's number Kobe got rid of: Dale Harris Kurt Rambis Phil Jackson (Twice) Rudy Tomjanovich Mike Brown and soon to add Mr.Pringles
Man in L.A luvs his fiancee82::Key word:Kobe was not the number one option when Rambis and Harris was let go! I wonder why??? Kobe didn't listen to the game plan Shaq will tell you Kobe went rogue on them you dummy! Go look at the stats and yes Kobe ran out Phil ,Why didn't he support Phil the 1st or 2nd time? !
Go Google it::Jackson retired. Also if he got rid of him he would have never came back.  Kobe was not even a number one option when harris and rambis were let go. You sir don't know basketball
Bull Elk Killer::I love to see an overrated rapper fail
Patiently Building An Empire::Bobcats should change their name to Sucks.  Charlotte Sucks.  Yeah, that's more like it.
Awbridgers::Kind of like that joke
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Can't wait for this team to choke so I can dust off some of my Sprewell jokes.
SteelPanth::Maybe he doesn't want to, but I'm surprised Carlesimo isn't a head coach in college again. I don't think he is a long term NBA head coach, but I think he can be successful in college again, like he was at Seton Hall.
Patiently Building An Empire::Guy's a complete creep in person.
charliharper::I could play for much less than Wallace makes and accomplish to score 0 points.
Porkchop8920::While getting 6 rebounds 5 assists and playing great D? No
phife2k::Fire Carlesimo's arrse, he only won by 16
mdtuzo::and look at Lopez getting that double double!
MyMascotIsTougherThanYours::I had to check to make sure this story wasn't archived from last season. Sadly it wasn't
Maschil::lakers will get 5th seed in the west
Maschil::the east is just so weak... man... knicks are a bout to lose to the kings and heat lost to pistons...
Solid Lennon 8::Deron Williams is a good player but has one of the worst haircuts in the NBA.
big_ghi::Michael Kidd-Gilchrist is texting all of the UK players to do anything possible to stay in school.
Antsea91::lol seriously who in their right mind would stay in school to get a 60k per year job when you can get drafted in the lottery and make more than 20 years worth of salary in one.
Neil826::if youre set for life after 3 years on a losing team, it's a pretty good deal to me.
calling_all_toasters::It's so nice to see the Nets playing like a team with a coach!
TheArtOfExplosions::...against the worst team in the nba.  don't get too excited.
mdtuzo::thanks god! nets haters can stay clear for tonight... can imagine how this board would look had we lost the game.
InCubaWith2Pac14::Maybe Dunlap should start, Gordon, and Sessions. Switch it up a lil bit..
InCubaWith2Pac14::Sessions Gordon MKG Warrick Haywood.
Awbridgers::Sessions likes coming off the bench and is better when he does. Kemba usually plays alot better than this performance at 18.6ppg and 6apg
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::Why is Kemba Walker still allowed to be in the NBA?
Awbridgers::In fact he averages more ppg than Deron Williams
Awbridgers::have you not seen what hes doing this year?
michol0808::BS that Avery got fired at this juncture of the season
calling_all_toasters::True.  He should have been fired two years ago, but what can you do?
colaroaster::JOHNSON FIRED AND ANGRY www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bXBtqGeqCI
Barrk_40::How does a NBA starting line up make a grand total of 9 shots?
paulleena12::Bobcats Fans:  Are you tired of waiting to see improvement in your team.
Serbastain08::We may have Cho, but he is not making the decisions.
SteelPanth::I think MJ will pay to get better players in Charlotte and I think, with time, Dunlap wll have them playing competitive ball, but I think the Bobcats need a better GM. Someone who can evaluate talent a little bit better.
Awbridgers::Do you not realize that we have Rich Cho, the guy that built the current OKC Thunder?
Big M.A.C::hey we're here don't worry
381whyman::Bobcat fans no longer exist, sorry
Deelanz 2.0::Wheres Spreewell when you need him?
paulleena12::Why did Kemba Walker have only 5 points?
Porkchop8920::D-Will and CJ Watson's defense
Ray Allen GOAT 3 2.0::D WILL 2 ASSIST AND THEY WONDER WHEY THEY SUCK
bracketboy654321::yeah $@% get out
Porkchop8920::averaging 8 on the year and the Nets won by 16. Get lost hater
