D. Darqwon::First they hit them in the mouth with Parsons. Then they bust them in the head with D12, Then they finished them off with a heavy dose of James Harden.  The bench was a bit shaky tonight but fortunately the starters were on their game. Chandler Parsons came ready to ball from the jump. Terrence Jones recaptured some of his mojo that had been missing the last few weeks. Jeremy Lin did a great job defending, scoring at opportunity and taking care of the ball (8 assists, 1 to).  Dwight Howard continues to be a monster on the boards and in the paint (15 points, 20 rebs). James Harden did it all. 11-16 FG...3-3 threes....6 rebs...6 assists...and even had 2 blocks.  Most impressive is how everyone showed up on the defensive end.  The only complaint...free throw shooting. The Rockets were only 9-18 and that can come back to bite you on most nights.  Nevertheless this was a great win for the Rockets, especially after coming off a disappointing loss to that other Texas team.   Next up, Memphis. Go Rox!!!
wormie::Nobody thinks Lin is a basketball god, or even an all-star at this point. It's just almost unheard of for a starter who averages 14.6/4.1 with 50.3 FG% losing his starting role to an unproven player who averages 9.6/2.2 with 42.0 FG% AND still receives contant scrutiny. It's also questionable why a PG who has a reputation for getting his teammates involved is asked to give up the ball-handling time to a SG who 90% time plays ISO...... Anybody who watches enough basketball and has no bias will find that ridiculous.  Controversy doesn't come out of nowhere.
gary::Good to see Jeremy Lin back on the court. Go Rockets!
anonymous::The Spurs ballet offense doesn't seem to be working against teams with big shot blockers. Duncan needs a big enforcer next to him. Blake Griffin was caving in Duncan's chest. Give Aron Baynes a chance to prove himself.
jack::this game is definitely an important game for Rockets, nor did they pull out a win against Spurs with only 10 turnovers and 28 assists.  , each of their starting lineup was comfortable with their role on the court. everyone played a good game tonight
Supa T::Just need to keep ball moving and close this out. The beginning of the third quarter will let us know how difficult this game may be. If the Rockets can dig deep and come out playing like they are behind they can put this away or at least hold off the Spurs run that will likely come after the half. Keep the ball moving on offense.
Aktion Pak::spurs can only beat bad teams; they have already lost to a playoff team rockets twice already in their own building this is really a big concern; spurs won't want to face rockets in playoffs after this whether they have homecourt advantage or not
Kevin L::Few things, Rockets looked good tonight. They just need to battle back from injuries and find consistency among themselves.  As for the Spurs, for people who say they're washed up...really? Spurs always find a way back throughout the season. The season is still very young, so to count them out is absolutely ridiculous.   I can't wait for the rest of the season to see who comes out on top in the Western Conference, should be a good season.
David::The Rockets need to badly make the Asik trade with the Celtics for Bass and Lee,  Their starting lineup can match up with anyone in the league, but their bench is bad.  Only being able to go 3 deep into your bench and having those three go -11, -11, and -13 is completely unacceptable.
Ernie::No one can deny the fact that Jeremy is better than Tony.
