moncindy007::We like to see Knicks doing well but let us see Jeremy Lin had 29 pts 8A 6R 2S on the same day vs OKC. Lin and Harden = 75 points in the game with a Win. Go Knicks..  Win in next game.
scarsquad::recall the game when Jeremy Lin was clutching in 4th qtr last season? if you have a dumb boss with long hands, how come u expect your team will be elite.
sportsfan1014::yep I remember that game, Pacers couldn't stop Lin from Linning, they sent him to the FT line 10 times in the 4th qt.
BronyFan::Definition of rape should include a link to this game.
FunkVolumeOF::This is why I love the pacers so much.
kyje1808::I'm so disgusted at the lack of coverage espn has gave to this game. The highlights that they did show were just showing illegal screens that the pacers committed a few times during the game and also missed shots that the Knicks made.They didn't give the Pacers any credit for play amazing defense or any mention of the Pacers offense looking the best it has all season. This is why so may people hate espn, they dont give two $@%!$ about the smaller market teams.
closgolf79::Why should espn care, when the pacers own fans don't show up to games. That being said, I believe the pacers have the best chance of beating the heat and that's including the western conference.
RangerProof_99Roca::Nobody cares about the pacers lol, even when there good
midgarsshadow::LOL @ Knicks fans
I have popcorn in my ears::Indy?  Isn't that where Peyton Manning plays?
Joe67287::C'mon Knicks,,, what's the deal with your shot percentage? It really sucks....... You guys need to get it goin man!!!!!!!!
dayda77::Knick are 14-14 in their last 28 games and have lost wire to wire 5 times-- an astonishing number for a quote "good" team.  Knicks have not just lost many of these games, they have been blown out of the building so many times.  (And in their building as well).  Defense takes center stage in the playoffs, and the insane amount of 3's the Knicks were making on their way to that fool's gold 18-5 start will so not be happening.  Knicks are oldest team in NBA history with the most inept owner in sports who only cares about jacking up ticket prices.  Get used to the fact this is a .500 team.  First round exit coming-- bank on it.
Queen88022::Let me re-calculate who is overrated: Melo $20M and Lin $8M? Oh, Lin, could you help me out? I am learning Math and Business. Living close to Wall Street doesn't help me.  - Dolan
LLindy86::Is it just me or is the utter domination of a top tier, big market team, barely getting any run on Sportscenter? What's up with that $@%!? They showed a few three point shots...they neglected to show the numerous times Knicks were getting stripped, shook, and dunked on. They are talking about the 40 point fourth quarter for the Heat last night against the Hawks while the Pacers drop 44 on the 2 seeded NY Knicks in the second quarter. This is utterly ridiculous.
LLindy86::I was waiting for it too...saw nothing but "34 point loss" being pushed to the middle of the show and it being about 15 seconds of footage...SWEET!
CTYHNTR::I agree, I was waiting for some hilarious coverage of this insane game and all I kept seeing was ESPN stroking off Harden or the Heat.
midgarsshadow::ESPN is a joke. It wont change
rainmaker2007::For all you Pacers fans, let's see what's what at the end of the season.
MypostsareconfirmedbyGod::Yeah, we'll see the Pacers as the 2 seed and the Knicks at the 6.
midgarsshadow::LOL. Talking smack to fans of a team that beat you down last night., Only Knick fans.
dealius::Running his mouth about the Pacers doesnt make him look like a fool.  Being a Knicks fan and liking his own comments however....
midgarsshadow::I will say the Spurs are a better team and wont run my mouth to their fans.Maybe you can  take this same advice and not look like a fool
rainmaker2007::I'm just saying the season isn't over. Do you think because the Spurs smacked you around that you'll never beat them?
setrue::Felton is owed 14 million + Kidd is owed 9 million = 23 million  Dolan can't afford to pay Lin 25 million?   Why is Lin not a Knick?
dayda77::You are clueless Swag.  Did you see what impact Lin had on the Knicks last year?  He electrified the Garden.  Knicks would be MUCH better off with Lin at the point.  The Knicks are GARBAGE.  Go back and review the last 28 games.  This is  a GARBAGE team.  I was laughing my head off when Knicks fans got so excited beating the T-Wolves a few weeks ago-- and they needed a miracle finish to do it-- down 11 in the 4th.  This is a lousy team.  14-14-- no way around it.
dayda77::Rainmaker-- have you watched even one Rockets game this year?  See if you can find a copy of their nationally televised game against the Bulls Christmas day.  See if you can find a copy of their dusting of the Knicks at the Garden.  See if you can find a copy of when Lin dropped 38 points against the Lakers last year for the Knicks.  See if you can find a copy of last nights game against the Thunder. Etc, etc.  Pure IGNORANCE to say Felton is a better player.  Lin proved he was best point guard on the floor when they crushed Knicks at Garden by 25.  Dude can get to the rim and he makes some sick passes.  Knicks ceiling under Dolan: 1st round playoff exit. Get used to it.
WatergateSwag III::Have you watched the other rockets games? Lin is utterly garbage. Saying that is like how TD dropped 25 against the Bulls in a clutch performance this year.
Copious_Fred::Ironic the guy who constructed this team is now President of the Pacers.
dayda77::The reason Lin is not a Knick is because Dolan is a TOTAL BABY MORON.  He acted like a petulant 3 year old child who didn't get his candy.  It was never about the money, it was because he got embarrassed Lin's agents played the game better than he did.  Get used to it Knicks fans, the Brooklyn Nets have far more upside and are on their way to OWNING this town.  If you haven't been to a game at Barclays-- go see how cool that arena is, and what an exciting, up and coming team looks like.  And so ridiculously easy to get to-- 11 subway lines go there, and 9 of them are 50 feet from the front door!
rainmaker2007::Dolan looks like a genius for dumping Lin. You people are going on ONE GAME. The Knicks will take Felton over Lin any day. ... Except last night.
chiledal::knicks are sadly a dysfunctional franchise in large part because of the buffoonery of dolan.  but nets are not far behind.  that's a mess of a team top to bottom.  ahead for ny is the battle of the inept for mediocrity
setrue::Effect:  Rockets GM Morey laughing his Aaaa off.  Cause:  Dolan, "I wiill trade you Felton, Kidd, and  Prigoni for getting Jeremy Lin back."
NNVBcoach::Knicks didn't even talk with Jeremy Lin about a contract, that's stupid. How are Lin's replacements (JR Smith, Felton, &amp; Kidd doing?
dayda77::And check your facts Rainmaker-- Felton played in both those games against the Rockets.  Sheesh, you really don't know this and are spouting lies?  Lin had 16 points and 8 assists at the HALF in the garden game-- and Felton had ZERO assists until the last 30 SECONDS of the GAME when he got his only assist in garbage time.  Get a clue rainmaker.
rainmaker2007::The Knicks did talk with Lin. He and Houston pulled a fast one on the Knicks and forced Dolan to rightfully choose not to pay him the money because he's not worth it.
scarsquad::what you mean the knicks talked with Lin is they told Lin to check on the market and they will match the plan. they dont even fxxking give out any kind of contract proposal with lin  when signed up novak and jason kidd and sneaky contacted with felton. any ppl with normal IQ can see the truth that dolan didnt wanna give Lin a nice contract. dont tell me they contace with Felton and sign the deal just in 1 day, right after Rockets gave out the proposal.
setrue::Jeremy Lin 29pts, 8 asst, 6 rebs, 2 stl   in last  night win over OKC.  Felton is starting his annual dive, just like the Knicks.  LIn is clearly the better player.  Felton got whoopped by Lin and Rockets in their 2 meetings.  LOL.
midgarsshadow::http://espn.go.com/nba/player/gamelog/_/id/2753/raymond-felton  Felton played in both games vs the Rockets. Maybe you need to learn something before you post.
rainmaker2007::Felton didn't even play in those games. ... On the basis of ONE GAME Lin is better? what about the first 25 games? Lin sucked. The Knicks are the better team. It's not like the Rockets or Pacers haven't been blown out more than once this year. Learn something before you post.
platnumn::Felton is averaging better numbers, lower turnovers and cost 5 million less.  Troll.
midgarsshadow::if by better numbers you mean worse shooting pct in 2 and 3 point percentage than yes. Felton avgs 1.9 pts a game more shooting in 4 more times.
linnyhero::Why don't the pacers sell out; i agree with everything that colin said it's because of race. Does anybody see the double standard NFL and MLB players get in trouble fans pass it off NBA players do the same thing and they are labeled as Thugs.
Cryoniclime::blaming it on race is so lazy. there's so many more logical reasons as to why they don't sell more tickets.
Alexander Banks::@Sweet, the aftermath of a recession and the popularity of the Colts. This means a finite amount of Indianapolis' sports fans' disposable income is being used on another team. Race being a reason why the games aren't selling out is the most idiotic thing I've ever heard, and Cowheard would have no answer if you asked him why the same team used to sale out every night that only had TWO white guys (Smits &amp; Mullins) . . . back when the Colts and recession were non factors.
SweetDaddy42::Elaborate please.
LLindy86::Fans also didn't come when we were a largely "white" team. Dunleavy, Diener, McRoberts...I'm sure there were more.
MypostsareconfirmedbyGod::You agree because, like Cowherd, you're ignorant.
midgarsshadow::BTW, saying "i agree with everything that colin said" dubs you a total idiot on any subject
midgarsshadow::ya we hated that black guy reggie miller
DWoe23::Mark Jackson, Reggie Miller, Jalen Rose, Dale Davis, Rik Smits, Antonio Davis, Derrick Mckey, Sam Perkins, Travis Best, Chris Mullins, only 2 guys are white on this list and they sold out nightly.
DWoe23::my favorite part about being a Pacer fan is... watching the big name players (that Indiana will never have unless they draft them) get frustrated at how aggressive all 10 of our players play. they may not be the flashy big name or the big market to overhype the team, but they are blue collar players that are no nonsense i will beat you at whatever cost or at least attempt to embarress you. (sort of like what they did last night) they had a 30 point lead for most of the night and were still fast breaking and trying to run the score up on those weak fake overhyped complainers)
dayda77::I could not agree more. And Knicks will never sniff a ring under the greedy, incompetent Dolan.
imissoakley::I am a Knick fan, but I really like the way Indiana has built it's team and used home grown talent, smart drafting, and smart coaching and player effort to get better and scare power teams in the East. I was not crazy about Melo coming here to begin with, especially if you remember the blue collar all around team we had before him. Yes, Melo has played well early this season, but he is regressing. I felt the same way about the 1996 Yankees and then was not happy when they got Giambi and started just signing big names. Anyway, congrats Indy, and good luck. Beat those lame $@% Heat!
kapernick is squidward::my favorite part about being a Pacer fan is...that they never come close to winning a championship.
Tonyvolo::Trivia: Who played in the NBA finals more recently, the Knicks or the Pacers?
ExtinctionofwhiteCornerbacks::Boy, the Knicks sure do though. They have the biggest market in the NBA and they've been practically nonexistent in the playoffs for a decade. The Pacers are on the rise. Good luck building around your uber-efficient player...that ball sure moves when he's on the floor.
Royaljayhwk::Blue Collar, Gold Swagger
hoops 112hoping::"Unfortunately", Paul George is becoming that big name guy
DWoe23::i did say, unless we draft them...
dklepfer8::I thought the  Knicks were suppose to be good?
RayDog91958::Knicks are overhyped NY garbage.
Oldjoker3.0::Too much time off. Hard to turn it back on for an older team
DWoe23::well dang it, i guess they should've thought of that side effect before recruiting the nursing home.
wilmaso::knicks suck
Queen88022::It was all Lin's fault! I am jealous of how happy he is now.  - Melo
coolio198::this is what happens when you arent hitting those threes at a record pace like they were in the beginiing of the season
Donnie Walsh::No, this is what happens when you don't transition back on DEFENSE !!
DWoe23::you mean when you actually play a team that prides on defense, instead of the fake contenders out there that are either getting too old to defend or worry too much about how to score. Pacers will lock down anybody this year, this is proven. Hopefully Granger gives them an even better scoring option to deepen the bench. (even though 125 is alot of points without him)
DWoe23::true, but the Pacers made a point to stick a hand in front of every attempted 3 and or force them off the spot, even with the 30 point lead they were making Knicks have a quicker release or dribble in for a dump off pass or 2 pointer attempt.
coolio198::the knicks are playing .500 ball and those 3's arent going in like the start of the year its not just the pacers defense who are pretty good.  i mean just look at the side stat Kidd is 5-34 the past 10 games from 3 and Jrsmith is back to his ineffcient scoring self
Rezo201::Yup, Hoops Hype said a while back that only 2 teams in the history of the NBA won a title shooting as many 3's as the Knicks do and most of the other teams never made it out of the first round of the playoffs. Defense and rebounding wins in the playoffs. Those are the Knicks weaknesses.
masterjoe712::I really hope the Pacers make a move to improve their bench
MypostsareconfirmedbyGod::It depends on the price they'd have to pay. And Redick's a FA after this season and they aren't going to pay him $6M to come off the bench.
RabbiLevine::They are picking up Danny Granger
Jeffrey61896::DWoe23 - i think the team is perfect with Danny G. coming back. there isnt any immediate move that will make them better than they are right now for this years playoff run. yea, they would get a 3 point shooter, but then we wouldnt have say a Hans, or a Lance or whatever they would trade away. all of our components are working very well together. i say keep everyone, including our 3rd string PF in Pendergraph for crying out loud
DWoe23::i think the team is perfect with Danny G. coming back. there isnt any immediate move that will make them better than they are right now for this years playoff run. yea, they would get a 3 point shooter, but then we wouldnt have say a Hans, or a Lance or whatever they would trade away. all of our components are working very well together. i say keep everyone, including our 3rd string PF in Pendergraph for crying out loud
MypostsareconfirmedbyGod::I doubt they offered Hans. DJ and a pick would probably do it, but I don't know if the money would be right.  Hans showed his worth the last couple of games. I don't see them trading him.
DWoe23::rumor had it that they offered Tyler Hans. &amp; DJ Augustin, but they didnt take it.
masterjoe712::I know, but I wouldn't mind trading for J.J Redick if the price was right
RabbiLevine::Pacers are 4-1 against the Heat and Knicks this year.  Can't wait for a Heat-Pacers Eastern Conference Final.
SweetDaddy42::Regular season means nothing.  Miami's been in the finals the past two seasons for a reason:  They win when they need to.
DWoe23::2-0 vs bulls too.
jhwashburn::Why isn't this the top story? Only when the Knicks win? LOL pathetic ESPN.
wilmaso::people in Indiana still have a grudge against thugs in the nba
ExtinctionofwhiteCornerbacks::It's a little more complicated than that, Cowherd. But yeah, that turned a lot of people off in what is a very conservative state, already. Couple that with the fact that this is a small market, and the Knicks, Heat, LA and CHI are all in much bigger markets, and it becomes clearer why ticket sales are low.   People will start coming back.. it just takes time.
Duane6674::so true if ur not a heat laker or knick fan espn has no love for u
maxtylerporter::The players aren't the only ones sitting on the bench that get payed millions for basketball...
TiagoLebron::Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha -Heat fans about Knicks 'claim' that they 'own the Heat'
butlerfan135::^Exactly thats how you get bandwagon fans.... it happens to all teams.
MypostsareconfirmedbyGod::The one thing Pacers and Knicks fans agree on is heat fans are idiots.  fixed
IUPUIJags10::It wasn't a matter of them being good. It's a matter of them having a butt load of bandwagon fans. Most logical people would agree the Heat are very good.
Oldjoker3.0::Not really.  ...the heat are good.
Rezo201::They beat the Heat early in the season when the Heat were struggling and the Knicks were hot. The Knicks have been a .500 team since the middle of December. If they play the Heat in the playoffs it won't even be competitive. Knicks fans love to dream, just like Jets fans.
kapernick is squidward::For a team who has 1 playoff win in the last 12 years, and last won the title 40 years ago, they sure are overhyped
austin_0520::They're overhyped because that one win was against the Heat.
SweetDaddy42::And they dropped balloons from the ceiling!
jhwashburn::The Knicks are awful.
Wolverines_STLCardinals_Billikens::LOL the Knicks.  1 playoff win since 2001. What a pathetic franchise. They'll be lucky to get out of the first round.
MypostsareconfirmedbyGod::The knicks will be lucky to not drop to the 6th seed and have to play Brooklyn and get knocked out by their city rival.
kapernick is squidward::The rim flinches every time it sees Kobe attempting a 3-pointer
Ranger19944340::Are people really surprised by this? The Knicks are 14-14 in the last 28 games. That is what they are a .500 team. They are lucky they played Miami twice early and had a relatively easy schedule or they would be fighting for a playoff spot.
IUPUIJags10::Agreed. A blow out like this against anyone should be a little bit of a surprise though. There last 1/3 of the season is pretty challenging.
newcaymanS::I guess ESPN thinks if they bury this outcome as the second to last story in the que, it didn't happen then.  Lord knows if the Knicks beat Indy by 30 it would be the top story.  AND that Cowheard is why many of us here in Indy don't go to the games.  The NBA is a league where only 4 or 5 large market teams matter and the rest are filler.  The NBA is a joke of a league.  I'll follow the Colts and the NFL because the NFL has it right, anyone can win and any 2 teams can reach the title game, IE Indy v. N.O. or Tenn V. Stl. etc. etc.  Lemmie guess, the Lakers won, are still crappy but are the top story... Yep.
oowee80::Also it is the nature of the sport.  The mathematical outcomes in a game of football are far greater than a game of basketball, therefore you have more varied results.
oowee80::I understand your frustration but a great deal why anyone can win in the NFL is b/c they only play 16 games &amp; then one and done in the playoffs.  Play 16 games in the NBA w/ a 1 &amp; done playoff system &amp; I can guarantee there will be a more diverse list of NBA champions.
kapernick is squidward::Why isn't espn talking about kobe's hot streak of making one 3 pointer in his last 34 attempts
kapernick is squidward::because the guy made one 3-pointer in his last 34 tries.
garnolfini::Why would this be worth discussing?
chrisausten1203::Melo should learn to be a good leader. Someone,  whether the coach or the star player, should take up the responsibility to motivate the team. This game might be the beginning of an end for the KnicKs....
yellowdart24::chiledal is the early favorite for "clown of the year" on the ESPN message boards...
rjb9rc::My favorite stat: 21 turnovers.  The Pacers gave the Knicks 21 extra possessions and still won by 30.  Toot toot.
MypostsareconfirmedbyGod::What I like about that stat is that the team was so successful and so confident that the guys were taking more chances with the ball. That obviously doesn't work in every game.
chrisausten1203::Has Woodson started to lose the team  if he cannot make them show efforts on the court? Is there any locker room issue that we don't know?
IUPUIJags10::That's the issue though. He has too much freedom and he doesn't have a track record of being able to deliver with said freedom. The Knicks looked flat from the start and that is coming off a long break for the ASG.
I have popcorn in my ears::Melo is a coach killer.  Karl, D'antoni, Woodson.  Fact.
garnolfini::Melo likes playing for Woodson, he's given all the freedom he could want.
I have popcorn in my ears::Guess my point was he can't get along with coaches - doesn't seem to want to play for any of them after a time.  True - didn't get Karl fired, but didn't want to play for him and got out of Denver.
garnolfini::Karl is still coaching in Denver btw
Dengue-Fever::The Heat is getting stronger while the garbage Knicks are getting softer..lol
Dengue-Fever::The Heat is getting stronger while the Knicks are getting softer..lol..garbage a$$e$
Dengue-Fever::KNICKS SUUUCK!!!
kapernick is squidward::melo owns record for shortest time elapsed between throwing a sucker punch and running the other way
chrisausten1203::Woodson's remarks during the post game interview was ridiculous when he said he was disappointed that the players didn't show enough efforts. Wasn't it the coach's responsibility to find a way to make your players play?
garnolfini::Woodson had, on paper, a better all-around (and younger) team in Atlanta and they never went far in the playoffs. It was premature to hand him coach of the year earlier this season.
LDogg809::chrisausten1203 - "Wasn't it the coach's responsibility to find a way to make your players play?"  You can't be serious with this comment...
chrisausten1203::Of course I am serious. Look at how Pop makes the Spurs play. No only play but also play the way he wants.
I have popcorn in my ears::Right.  It's up to the coach to motivate a bunch of millionaires to actually go out and play.  Sheesh.
maxtylerporter::don't forget that the coach is a millionaire too!
garnolfini::It sounds like they've tuned him out.
kapernick is squidward::Melo owns the record for quickest time back pedaling the full length of the court
Demon Belly::Knicks fans- gather your teeth off the curb and tell us again how much better Melo is than Paul George....
garnolfini::I give George credit. He had a great all-star game.
kapernick is squidward::Knicks have -9 wins 9 losses in their last 18 games -the 9 wins consists of wins over powerhouses such as: hornets, celtics, hawks, magic, bucks, kings, wolves, and pistons twice.  Knicks are gonna be dangerous come playoff time
butlerfan135::Is this a joke comment.... the HORNETS?!
detroitpistonsarethebest::Those are powerhouses????
ByzantineX::Have you ever heard of sarcasm?
9dmost::this team is in need of some help... melo says . "we don't need any changes". well after that beatdown in indy, this team has been exposed. i know, it's only a loss, but knick fans got to worry. they are regressing at a rapid rate. any suggestions?
garnolfini::Shooting better than 32% would help.
legacyreaper33::So much for the Knicks making noise in the Eastern Conference....5 games out and dropping some more.
garnolfini::Knicks were never going to win the East. Top 4 was the goal prior to the start of the season.
kapernick is squidward::carmelo, mvp  Most Virst round exits in the Playoffs
Dr._Gonzo::Tracy McGrady probably has him beat
kapernick is squidward::Carmelo "one and done" anthony
kapernick is squidward::Carmelo owns the record for most shot attempts during a passing drill
brockness22::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=aq8tj3s
