Ram Hammer::ABOUT TIME PISTONS GET A WIN.... I STILL BELIEVE WE NEED A COACHING CHANGE.
Mr. Bradford::Crazy to see the attendance only at 11,000 and change. Come on, Philly, you're better than that. Even the Creighton versus the AUB Blazers pulled in 15,000 and change.
Excelscior1::Phil seems to only play well against the still gelling Celtics. Can they beat and score against anyone else? Lol
Mumu8833::They played the Celtics four times already?
codayathay21::pistons win finally
bcumm69::When Kwame Brown starts I know things can't end well.
JustinTimeHeHe::If I have a hurt player in fantasy B-ball, should i put him on the bench or UTIL? What is UTIL? does the bench score points? And should i rotate everyday depending on who is playing that day? Thankyou, please help
XstreamINsanity::UTIL stats are counted, Bench stats are not.
Mumu8833::Turner should be starting 2 with Wright starting 3.  J-rich would be good off the bench and SwaggyP should never see the court again
ilovecheese0707::fu.cking sixers, hope all u mother fkers burn and die a painful death sons of bit.ches
Cshekari4::seriously... u decided to be immature?
azwildcat6867::I've been following a bet system called SportsBettingStar a few months back. Since I started playing this system I have doubled my money in just two months. You can find this system on the first page of google if you search the words Sports Betting System.  I recommend this system to anyone that likes to bet on sports
schubes05::Singler for MVP!
denn19641::Whats the difference todays win? Stuckey did not played. It's sad and tough to see our prize rookie to just show up for 11 minutes, blame it on Maxiells expiring contract that cause him to play well.  Still, what_the_frank!
MRCastelli::Start Drummond!
denn19641::I'd love to see him start but I think it's better to put him on bench and insert him once the starting five of opposing team sits. That's only for the mean time. This is the only thing I like about WTF but it's just unacceptable to have the him only play for 11 to 15 mins whereas he truly deserves 20 to 25.
ic0n2900::damn my wizards are officially the worst team now
DannyMwanga::Given how well the Eagles and Sixers have played so far, I think I speak for all Philly fans when I say:  The NHL lockout can't end quickly enough.
ted_williams_frozen_head1::flyers wont be a day at the beach either though... they lost too much offense and didnt upgrade enough on defense..  and bryz is still in the net..
JimDetroitFan95::Mr. Bradford is right, the Pistons suck.  He isn't a fan of the the 76ers or the Pistons, but he is on this board to bash the Pistons.  You win Mr. Bradford.  lol
Mr. Bradford::Bashing the Pistons? I thought I was talking statistics. Has anything I said been false? Feel free to check my numbers. Besides, it's an NBA board where one's discuss basketball. Except for their defense, sorry your Pistons don't get any recognition. Pistons defense is their one and one strong point at this moment in time.
Mr. Bradford::Not bashing on them, just talking about their strengths and weaknesses. If they had more stronger points, then I'm sure I would mention them. Can't take positive criticism? Nothing I have said is a troll or a lie. Just honest truth. NBA talk.
JimDetroitFan95::It was a loaded question.  Why are you bashing the Pistons?  I know, you are just pointing out statistics......................
Mr. Bradford::A team that almost blew a 20 point lead to the Wizards because their lackluster defense late in the game allowed the Wiz to go on a 13-0 run in the 4th. I'm sure if you click on my name, you'll find out pretty quick.
JimDetroitFan95::Who is your favorite nba team?
JimDetroitFan95::Nice win Detroit.....  Lets keep it going.
CBass1317::Turner sucks.  People were comparing this kid to Roy (pre-injury) coming out of college.  He just is not very good.
Mumu8833::He needs to be at the 2 spot, not 3.  Every time he is moved to the 3, he disappears. J-rich should be off the bench and wright should be starting 3
Mr. Bradford::He's had a couple good games against the Hornets and Celtics (where he had a double-double). The Pistons and Bucks both have good defenses, so don't get distraught yet. The 76'ers next game is against the Jazz who allow 99.7 points per game. He should do well in this one.
zach strauch::Hopefully this is a sign that we are learning how to win. There are always going to be growing pains.
JimDetroitFan95::The Pistons are better than their record would reflect to date, so take it easy real fans.
Mr. Bradford::Really? Their in the bottom 10 in terms of offense, bottom 5 in terms of defense, bottom 10 in terms of field goal percentage, bottom 10 in terms of three throw percentage, bottom 3 in terms of rebounds, 0-5 when the opposition scores 100...  How are they "better than their record would reflect to date" again?
Mr. Bradford::They have a solid defense though, so there is something to build on, but you can't win many when your offense averages 81.1 points per game.   Their losses: by 9, by 3, by 29, by 12, by 2, by 11, by 14, by 2. They've lost as many in double digits as they have by single digits.
JimDetroitFan95::Final scores are what matter.............  Very close games in many of their losses.
Mr. Bradford::They're at a -9.1, which is NBA's worst. Pistons have only one team that has a worse offense then they do, and they beat them tonight.   Washington and Sacramento tie for second worst at -7.9	. Don't put too much emphasis on the final score. Ya gotta look at how they lost, and I've detailed it out for you.
JimDetroitFan95::Margin of points in each loss.  One game has been a blow out.
Mr. Bradford::And I said the Pistons wouldn't go into Philly and punk the 76'ers in their building.   Sorry, Pistons fans. I was wrong.
BillyMaysHere92::If the pistons got Shabazz, that would be pretty impressive
bamberg1977::He'd be perfect. Unfortunately this Pistons team will win way too many games. They finished 21-21 last year  and the team is better this year. They just started off bad, Stuckey is in a huge rut and they had a long West Coast Trip to start season.
supe540::Congratz Pistons.  Glad you're in the W column.
JimDetroitFan95::The players play the game, and they along with the coaches are responsible for the results.
mad2bee4::SO then the coaching has been a problem ALONG with the players but I saying you have bad coaches alone just makes me foolish, ok I see...
JimDetroitFan95::Your comments are foolish, the players and the coaches are both responsible for the record achieved to date.
JimDetroitFan95::Non Detroit fans asking stupid questions.................  smh
mad2bee4::How the heck did the sixers lose to the worst coached team in the NBA BY FAR, AT HOME AT THAT!!!  THe Pistons just havnt been bad they have been awful an even Piston fan will tell  you that...  I understand blind  squirrel an all that but this was a straight beat down in all area's of the game...
mad2bee4::Yeah that Lakers game was a coaching master piece right??? Well it was a piece of something Ill tell you that when there entire Offense all night was walk down the floor like a bunch Y league scrubs an throw 20 footer bricks all night. NO plays in the post not ball movement no anything, THATS BAD COACHING an you call me foolish wow...   When my Magic started 1-19 that season they were in a bunch of games as well but they still were awful an DOc gave up as a coach b/c he didnt like the team on the floor not that I blamed him. So 1-8 is something and this Piston team has better players then that Magic team did so which is it, BAd players or bad coaching there skippy???  But to be fair Dumars has lost his touch, Ill give you that. Im still trying to figure out why he payed Charlie V all that cash for a guy no other team wanted...
RWTigersLionsGoBlue::the pistons are fairly well coached.  the problem is they have the dead weight of stuckey and tayshaun on the roster.
JimDetroitFan95::Worst coached team? No.  They have been in most games, so don't be foolish.
t casey::Oh, I understand exaclty what you're saying and I agree. Frank is building a reputation for getting teams off to franchise worst starts and that can't be ignored.  How he even got hired with coaches like Mike Woodson and Laimbeer out there still boggles my mind. He's just not a good coach. It's like Joe Dumars accidentally scheduled to make his choice for head coach on opposites day and was stuck having to pick the worst candidate he could find.
mad2bee4::t casey - So the coaching is responsible for us being competitive, but not for us losing?  which was my point. IM not knocking PIston fans or your players, I think your coach cant get it done. He does decent when he had solid NBA(nets) vets on the floor but with all these young guys I havnt seen it...
t casey::Still waiting for a reply...
t casey::So the coaching is responsible for us being competitive, but not for us losing?
Tdavis2304::Drummond Monroe Jason is straight we need a explosive scorer like Jamal Crawford or nick young typy player trade Tay should have traded him last year for Caron butler pistons need a roster change to go along with Brandon &amp; Greg so we can be a playoff contender
RWTigersLionsGoBlue::wow...how bad are the sixers?  blown the F out!  wtg pistons
picaac15::When you look at the Pistons outrebounding the Sixers you have to take into consideration how many shots the Sixers missed.   Most of the rebounds were Defensive. It all starts with shooting, it was just an off-night for the Sixers. This isnt turnovers, this isnt bad defense, this isnt even bad rebounding. This is all shooting, which you cant always control.
kjmaclean::"We're disappointed in our start, but it wasn't like we had any doubt we were going to win a game," coach Lawrence Frank said. "Now that we've won our game, we can get back to losing as usual." "Our poor start is all due to that dumba$$ Joe Dumars anyway," Frank continued. "This is the biggest bunch of losers I've ever coached."
Detroit Everything::dumb
NickFoles1::Nice effort tonight 76ers. I guess you thought you could just walk on the court and win without trying. See that worked out real well for you
sportscrazy45029::im embarrassed at the fact that i even went to this game..
sportscrazy45029::yeah i couldnt cheer not once for the 76ers tonight. .. highlet was the tshirt giveaways lol
Detroit Everything::last year I went to Pistons vs Heat. In Miami. As a Pistons fan. That was embarrassing lol
leloupgarou111::stuck for one of the jazz bigs?
Zaphod1977::Future is our! Trade Stuckey for chips ;)
brother carl loves jesus::Go Pistons, That's my team and Moose is my favorite player. I could see it in the OKC game...they are learning how to win...all 48 minutes is the focus.
the royal spam::nice game DET, PHI was sleepwalkin'
thekola::AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
JimDetroitFan95::Frank is an extremely competent coach, and I believe Dumars knows that.  He can't produce magic if the players don't produce.
thehandsomejason::I'm a pistons fan. I agree the players are the most at fault. I actually like Lawrence Frank. I'm just saying to have a franchise worst start with a team that was basically .500 the last half of last year isn't all poor execution. Go Pistonss.
mulutub::formula for success, Stuckey out Pistons win, no brainer
pellison070379::He made it with a hall of fame point guard then when that traded said point guard they proceeded to suck and he was fired
thehandsomejason::with your logic, your saying the lakers would hire Frank over Brown
thehandsomejason::every year he's coached he's made the 2nd round of the playoffs.
pellison070379::He stinks 0-16 and 0-7 to start a season he is terrible.  Wouldn't have hired him
pellison070379::He stinks 0-16 and 0-7 to start a season he is terrible.  Wouldn't have hired him
thehandsomejason::tell that to the lakers
thehandsomejason::When you call Frank "extremely competent" is when I have to say that's an overstatement. I agree that it's not his fault for this start. Yet, Pistons have been in at least 3 or 4 games in the 4th quarter where they wilt. Coaching has, at least something, to do with those collapses. You're overstating the coaches competence. It's a clear combination of average to subpar coaching and poor talent and chemistry.
t casey::So if the players perform well and win, it's indicative of a coach's competence, but if they don't, it's not? How exactly do you judge coaching competency?
JimDetroitFan95::The players play the game.  The coach can only do so much.  Frank is a good coach, so I blame the players for their failures.
thehandsomejason::he's gotten mixed reviews from fellow gm's and coaches. He's ok. not a savior
JimDetroitFan95::My point is don't blame Frank at this point, he is not the problem.
Tdavis2304::Finally they won a game damn
foycur::That Bynum signing is really paying off....
K-BurnStrikesoutagain::Frank is a lot like Jim Leyland in a way
pellison070379::Frankie has never won anything Leyland has
thehandsomejason::Please explain. Leyland is a proven coach with the most victories out of any active manager....winning a world series and leading several teams to the postseason. Not to mention he's at least thirty years older than Frank. Only similarity is they coach in the city of Detroit
TigerMichLion111::No
Detroit Everything::lol, in the same way we complained about Raburn and Inge being in the lineup. (Maxiel and Bynum)
kingtai01::Bout time we won...
.New_York_For_The_Win.::LOL @ the 76ers losing to the Pistons HAHA
kingtai01::LOL at the knicks finally being relevant again...
detroitpistonsarethebest::I am still upset about losing to the Thunder! What a statement that would have been. (Assuming that people didnt look at our record)
OrdellR::The sixer fans awaiting bynums healthy return and ability to keep playing is very pathetic denial.
xAnvil50x::lolz
PrinceMiguel2428::Why cant the Pistons be like the Lakers and just fire there coach right away before it gets out of hand!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Because Lawrence is a good coach. The only time he got outcoached was last game
tomBabauts::Pistons roster is way better than BOBCATS and WIZARDS. Frank really suck.
teach ma how to dougie::omg!!! Congratz Pistons!!!!
highvoltage1724::nooo, detroit is supposed to keep losing.. im sick of the pistons being mediocre.. either win the championship or get a good draft pick..this win better not turn into a streak
denn19641::It's a matter of two depending how you look at it. Pistons suck might lead them to a Shabazz sweepsteaks or getting them better might attract talented players with expiring contract. These will all happen next year, top rookies will have no choice but to join a dysfunctional team as opposed to FA aspiring for a ring. Magette and Charlie V will give us cap room, Tay should go to a championship contender as backup. The way JMax played is way beyond his contract, maybe JD wants to thank him for being in the org since his rookie year and let him start and play for more minutes so he can sell himself to other team by next year (guessing a long shot). As for now, Moose, Drummond, BK7, Kyle, Kim and JJ  must be kept while giving consideration to Stuck.
JetWing34::Either Detroit can keep suffering losing seasons and lose its fan support, making the franchise on the brink of relocating (likely not happening) or make the playoffs and receive good fan support.
Detroit Everything::the 5th best franchise in NBA history is not relocating because of 3 years removed from the playoffs
highvoltage1724::well since the pistons sure as hell are not going to make the playoffs id rather see them get a top 5 pick so we can have a better chance next year.. bandwagon fans will always come and go, but i think there are still plenty true piston fans
JetWing34::Bynum alley-oop, Monroe free throw made with one eye closed, a career game by Monroe...it shows you that at least Detroit is competitive.
