gforce::Clippers would have won this game even if Rose had played.  Frankly, Rose has not been effective this season.  He has had a couple good games, but overall has not been living up to his supposed "superstar" title.
heinzy k::Man I hope Rose is saving his money because with the money he is given now plus his MASSIVE addidas shoe contract ... highly doubt he's gonna get the same amount he becomes a free agent
Noogen::Clipper got themselves some steak and then some... buffalo wings ... hahahaha
Rico M::So I hear that Derrick Rose is gonna take 2 seasons off because 1 season clearly wasnt long enough to recover.
Iron::I guess is going to be the defending champions and the Pacers again, and if all heat players stay healthy there will be NO GAME 7. It will be  4-2 in favor of the heat, just like how they beat OKC 2012. I know is too early to say that but with a healthy heat NO Team in the East. Paul George is a star(but not the super star level of LBJ) but he will have to score 30 in every game against the heat for the Pacers to win and it also comes with Smart and better decision and that is where LBJ and the heat are awesome.
Rodney::Clippers will now solidify their hold on first place in the Pacific.
Ronald::BULLOSERS fans will jump ship to the Pacers. In the end, Heat will 3HEAT!! Beasley and Oden will get their ring while Rose and his fans are hiding in their closet. Once a wuss always a wuss. No championship ring for a wuss.
kiki::J.J. Redick and Mike Dunleavy are proud members of the all Duke White Devils all NBA reject team. Here are other proud members of the all Duke White Devils all NBA reject team.   Mark Alarie, Art Heyman, Tate Armstrong, Danny Ferry, Bobby Hurley, Mark Crow, Bob Gantt, Joe Kennedy, Kenny Dennard Mike Gminski, Doug Kistler, Cherokee Parks, Shavlik Randolph ,Jim Spanarkel, Randy Denton, (D)!ck Groat, and Christian Laettner.  Dear Duke White Devils,  Please do not apply for the NBA.  Thank You.
kiki::An epic battle tonight between two Duke White Devil rejects. Redick VS  Dunleavy. Is anybody really excited?  That’s what I thought… Nobody.
Homey D Clown::Screw the refs I say take one out and send him to the hospital.
