whatsdoing::JR Smith found out how much jeremy lin got paid and realized his worst enemy is JR Smith.....  I noticed kid has come in with something to proove even before the "NYC night life" comment.
luvnbayes::Geez did Parker go into "hero" mode last night in the 4th quarter, and it just killed the Spurs.  I can't help but wonder how many rings the Spurs would have had if Kidd had signed up all those years ago.  One thing I do know is that the team would have been more fun to watch with the ball moving with Kidd as opposed to stuck in Parker's hands.  Kidd and Manu would have made up the best instinctual backcourt of this era, maybe of all time.
njd5059::Whoever doesn't think the Knicks are for real explain to me how out of the first 6 games, 3 were against Miami,Dallas, and San Antonio who are 3 of the top teams in the NBA, granted Dallas is Dirkless right now but they are still a good team without him.  Not to mention the 76ers are not a top team, but a solid one and the Knicks blew them out of the water two times in a row.  These knicks are dangerous, however I must admit I am a little nervous as to how the chemistry of this team is going to react when Amare is back on the court, he's a great player dont get me wrong I just hope his presence makes us even better instead of setting us back.  The last thing as a Knicks fan I want to see after this great start is the Melo and Amare show of them taking turns bringing the ball up and putting up wild shots while the rest of the team has their thumbs up their a$$.  Hopefully they can make it work
rp3thax::Good game Knicks.  Not a fan but, it is good to see a different team with potential for a great year.
PFMGOAT86::Nice work NYC, you guys are playing well Looks like JR decided to quit partying before games, about time he grew up and decided to realize his true potential, he was a head case here in Denver
OmniVersal::Great game by the Knicks!
FAILconsFearNola::This game was given to NY  - Heat fans
PISTONROC::SO D KNICKZ GOT DAT FIRE HUH?
cmr385ss::Pretty shabby journalism ...  "Trailing by 12 with 7 minutes left in the game, the Knicks (6-0) closed on a 22-11 run to remain the NBA's only unbeaten team."  If that were the case, the Knicks would've still lost by 1 point.
ssihota08::Im not a Knicks fan, and never really was but I wanted Allan Houston to get his chip back in the day. These guys are playing for real and completely shut me up. Let's see what happens post all-star break.
Td4mvp3::spurs will still be #1 out west and I think knicks have what it takes to be #1 out east
theflyeststar::happy birthday amare, he's going to have a great season with felton, kidd, and prigioni feeding him the ball, this team will be a lot better when amare comes back in december, when iman comes back in january the knicks will be better than ever
mkwan0::Knicks are the best team in the league right now.  I do not think they will be top 5 in May.    I am wavering on which LA team will be better in May.  Spurs will have the no 1 seed in the west.
steveopa::I think the Knicks will be a top team all year long.  Teams going thru shooting slumps and have turnovers, but when you play the type of defense the Knicks are playing you will always be in position to win games.
RO7NY::How confident are you in that prediction?
steveopa::Funny thing is does everyone remember when Linsanity was doing his thing last year everyone was questioning Melo's return.  Now everyone is questioning Amare's return.  I think that it is possible for them to be even better with Amare because he will help them in the rebound department.
theflyeststar::not to mention jason kidd and felton will get amare easy baskets
RespectThaGame::Knicks &gt; Andrew Bynum's hair &gt; Lakers
kevan55555::Worst analogy ever.
DanNYC2816::worst use of the word analogy ever
Td4mvp3::damn spurs had a 12 point lead  late and squandered it..we need to learn how to protect a lead..that is our biggest problem other than free throw shooting I think
RespectThaGame::The Knicks need to trade Amare for 2 young, decent pieces and be done with that. chapter.
onestatus::He has money until the end of next year. He is completely tradable next season. This year we are going to battle with him. Woodson has screamed at Melo during games thus far when he has had lapse (however few) so I dont think he will have an issue putting Amare on the bench if he is not conforming to the game plan.
RO7NY::Trading Amare before he even gets a chance to play this season? Really? NOT!
McFarter89::Knicks be lucky if they can trade Amare at all, problem is Amare is owed a lot of money over the next few years making him really hard to move.
steveopa::Impossible, he has max deal no one is going to take on that contract.
McFarter89::- Then amnesty him ASAP.  Didn't the Knicks use it on Billups last year? Or are they given one every year?
RespectThaGame::"Impossible, he has max deal no one is going to take on that contract."  Then amnesty him ASAP.
McFarter89::So question, should the Knicks start Stoudemire when he gets healthy or should they bring him off the bench? I don't see why you would mess with the Knicks chemistry if they are playing well like this.
Td4mvp3::of course come april and may..wins and losses at this very moment wont really mean a whole lot...it's how you finish going into the playoffs that really matter
Td4mvp3::spurs clearly did not bring their A game..and played too complacent....knicks did well and deserved the win
steveopa::The Spurs did what you want to do to any team take away their best player.  But the Knicks play as a team so it is hard to defend a team when they are playing as a team.
Td4mvp3::true
Machine from future::Did Parker miss 5 shots in a row near the end of the 4th quarter?  The count was so high I forgot.
RO7NY::He didn't just miss them, the Knicks defense had something to do with it.
Td4mvp3::wow I must admit I was wrong bout the knicks...good game...you guys deserved the win..my spurs did not play well enough last night
steveopa::It was a great game thought first game that wasn't decided by double digit for us.  The Spurs are a great team and are very well coached.  I just hope Amare buys in and plays team defense and keep the ball movement going on offense.
RO7NY::Hey Knicks fans.... lets be mad about the 6 game winning streak to start the season against some very tough teams just to make the haters happy.    I'll start...  Man I'm pissed my Knicks won 6 in a row who do they think are fooling me like this???
RichardtheRabbit::THE KNICKS ARE IN TOWN.!HEY TROLLS WHY ARE YOU HERE? EXACTLY! I WON'T EVEN BE AROUND FOR YOUR RESPONSE. HAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHA FOOLS!
steveopa::The knicks are playing team basketball.  They are passing the ball and are believing in each other.  They are playing great defense.  Defense wins championships.
ndrake74::Poster:  "hooray, my team did well the other night"   VA DB:  "there are still 76 games to go, stop being happy"
steveopa::They are playing the best defense in the league so far.  I not saying they are going to win a championship.  But if they keep playing this type of defense and share the ball they will make a deep playoff run.
ndrake74::This guy is really hung-up on postponing all commentary until the season ends.  Makes you wonder why he's even on here. lol
MudrunnerVA3::If you are referring to 82 games, then yes, defense does win championships.
RO7NY::I guess we are supposed to discount the hot start because Mudrunner thinks we should wait for 82 games to get excited.
MudrunnerVA3::Feltonsanity shirts are on sale now!  If you need 5X, we have it!
T8023::u could tell there was something special bout this team in that first game w/ Mia.  When that crowd started chanting "RASHEED WALLACE"  "RASHEED WALLACE" there was a feeling bout this team that was apparent.  Granted, i do believe Mia did let up throughout that game given NY/NJ's circumstances, but in doing so it seems they may have created a monster
RO7NY::Miami let up? Man just stop.... No teams lets up because of a Hurricane.  The Heat played hard the entire time, but the Knicks were very hot from 3... Heat couldn't keep up.  The next game will be a huge indicator what type of potential the Knicks really have against Miami.
MudrunnerVA3::This is actually a GREAT accomplishment. If the season was only 10 games long it would be even better.  I mean when was the last time the Knicks won 6 in a row?!?!?!
RO7NY::its funny to watch these tool migrate onto the Knicks articles and spew their hatred.  Why can't the Knicks fans be happy they have a legit team? Its not like they are saying Finals bound.... they are simply basking in the afterglow of a huge win.  And people like you want to diminsh it with your redundant rhetoric.
ndrake74::wow, so your defintion of an accomplishment is winning only 6 games in a 10 game season?  sad.
MudrunnerVA3::For the Knicks? Yes.
metsislesgiants::regular season doesn't count?  That's news to me
Machine from future::Injury is a bummer, and Lin hasn't been the same since.  Regardless, Lin's already in the record books for what he accomplished while with the Knicks.  He's in the company of MJ, Chris Paul, and Shaq to name a few.
slam_dunk_on_u::The spurts are overrated...they are a bunch of pretenders....and is showing as the season progresses
YearOfTheSpur::Didint we beat the $@%! outta your Lakers, haha bout time you show up you goofy looking dude
oicurak9::And yet they remain at the top of the Western Conference.  Hmmm...pretending to be good with a 7-2 record.
RespectThaGame::Right, because everyone knows that a 7-2, second best record in the NBA with those losses coming to the undefeated Knicks and contending Clippers = "pretenders".  GTFOH
Our President Can Ball::New York where ya' at!?  I told everyone.....don't sleep on New York this year.
porcupinetreesw::Spike Lee likes the way the Knicks are playing unselfishly. He believes they can win the 2012/13 Championship. I agree with Spike.
RO7NY::Everyone and I mean everyone is basically stating their opinion including you and anyone on ESPN.... so what are you talking about oblique15?
nbabasketball1982::Don't you think its to early for that?
nbabasketball1982::LOok they are doing good but I don't know about a championship.
oblique15::and his opinon matters cause? Hes famous but hes just a fan hoping the best for his team
NewYork_Pets::<b>Finals Preview?</b> <i>OK, maybe that's a bit premature.</i>  <b>LOL</b> Really ESPN??? You're damn right that's premature. Whoever wrote that headline sounds like just another one of these dumb posters on the comment boards. That's just pathetic - to even <i>think</i> about posting that headline. Wow ESPN, way to make yourselves look like idiots.
yanksgmen84::Is it really that impossible, though? I mean both teams played their butts off last night.
oblique15::you think they could beat the Heat in a 7 games series? ofcourse you dont cause your smarter then that!
_Furious_::ESPN started off reporting sports news, but has slowly de-evolved into an entity that will do anything for ratings.
Im just a stupid Heat fan but whatever::New York has no business talking sh!!!t about Texas teams..  Superbowl 27? Superbowl 28? 1994 NBA Finals? 1999 NBA Finals? 1999 Stanley Cup Finals? 2003 NBA Finals?  Hell, I'll even throw in the 1997 WNBA Finals, 1999 WNBA Finals, AND 2000 WNBA Finals!!!  And no, I'm not even from Texas or New York...but please shut up New York about calling out Texas teams being "the worst"....because your track record isn't so bleak when it comes to playing Texas teams for Championships....
ndrake74::Texas is a stupid state (except Austin)
RO7NY::Arlington Cowboys because they are no where near Dallas.   At least the Giants are like 5 minutes from NY.
NYC is better than your city::since when did it become a whole state, with multiple cities having teams, versus a city?
porcupinetreesw::Of course their fans feel it's some sort of entitlement to be a contender year after year. When in reality they've been a dead on .500 team since the mid 90s. You have the buffoon trinity of Jones as GM, Garrett as HC and Tony Boo Boo as QB.
Im just a stupid Heat fan but whatever::for being such a non-Cowboy fan...you sure know so much about them...
porcupinetreesw::Cowpokes are the most overrated team in all of sports!
oblique15::Profitable dont make you good
Im just a stupid Heat fan but whatever::also the most profitable sports franchise in the world behind only Manchester United! Keep reaching for opinionated straws....
_Furious_::The Knicks' win streak is partly legit and partly not.  The fraudulent part is their scorching three point shooting through the first 6 games, which will not continue.  The legit part is their defense, which is vastly improved, and I think they will continue to play very good defense the rest of the year.
yanksgmen84::I don't know. They might actually have the best collection of shooters in the league: Novak, Melo and Kidd are all considered Elite shooters.
knickskid1212::This is the most foolish post lol just like Miami is going to win 80 games this season right lol
_Furious_::What the hell are you talking about?
YearOfTheSpur::No other fan base over hypes win streaks like NYC fans. 8 game win streak last year, name it LINSANITY, think they are contenders... This year 6 game win streak, name it UNDEFEATED, think they are the best team in the league.
Vai2012::Aren't the Spurs the team that tanked games to draft Duncan?
YearOfTheSpur::No idiot, David Robinson got injured. And even if they tanked, they beat your knicks in 1999. U MAD?
nba is the worst::Undefeated is a FACT, not a name
That_Guy_Chris::Well.. If any team starts off 6-0 while beating teams that have an almost .600 winning percentage combined and they win each of those games by 10+ points and only one game they win by 4... You'd say that's a pretty damn great start.   Also, if the Heat or Lakers did the same thing, analysts everywhere would be proclaiming them the best and a lock to win the championship.
RO7NY::This is 100% accurate and hell, the Spurs, Lakers, Heat and Celtics hadn't even played 1 game yet and the media was proclaming them the best.
metsislesgiants::Oh please.   Any teams fanbase will get hyped up over big winning streaks.  NY fans don't have a monopoly on that as much as you'd like to think so
_Furious_::I agree.
porcupinetreesw::Yes - the Dallas Cowboys fanbase is worse.
porcupinetreesw::Do you think it's unrealistic to believe we could win 65-70 games and get top seed this year?
RO7NY::I predicted 65 wins before the season started.
oblique15::yes
GR77GR77::Trade Melo now before the selfishness comes back...
ndrake74::Cut both Melo and Stat!
grungewasfun::TOO LATE.....
theflyeststar::rasheed had a really nice game last night, he's been ballin
grungewasfun::THE GUY IS 60 YEARS OLD.....2 GAMES AINT GONNA CORRECT THE WHOLE SEASON.....JEEZ........SMDK
porcupinetreesw::I predict: Knicks 2013 championship, Melo MVP, Woody Coach of the Year and JR Smith Comeback Player of the Year. Remember you read it here first. Okay I might be a bit carried away but GOOOOO Knickerbockers!!!
RO7NY::IF things keep up like this... meaning the Knicks playing well all season consistently, you could see Woody getting coach of the year.... I could easily see JR getting comback player.... MVP is going to be VERY VERY hard for Melo with the Love for Durant and Lebron doing what he does..... he would have to get to the Finals and perform well to get it.
Im just a stupid Heat fan but whatever::LoL
_Furious_::Remember Linsanity?  Me neither.
DourSiesel::Jeremy Lin can be a good player in a couple of seasons if he works for it. Theres a lot of pressure on him right now.
WatergateSean::kid your very racist but to put in terms you can understand :   KID UR VERY RASSIST DSDF
_Furious_::I'm not even a Knicks fan.   And Jeremy Lin was a flash in the pan - Knicks fans complained when the Knicks did not resign him, and it clearly turned out to be the correct decision.
_Furious_::I have no idea what you're talking about - this has nothing to do with Lin being asian. He got overhyped - Raymond Felton is a better basketball player than he is - simple as that.
grungewasfun::6 GAMES.....I REPEAT 6 GAMES....... JLIN CAREER WILL BE MORE DIFFICULT THAN ANY OTHER NBA ATHLETE BECAUSE OF HIS SKIN COLOR......FACT......IF YOU DON'T THINK SO.....YOU MUST BE LIVING IN A CAVE.....BLACKS COMMUNITY DO NOT WANT JLIN TO SUCCEED....AND THAT'S THE SAD PART COS THEY WE'RE ONCED FACE RACISM.....NOT THEY DOING IT TO A MINORITY......
grungewasfun::6 GAMES....AND YU DECLARE CORRECT?...JEEZ SMDK.......NOTICE BOTH BLACK COACHES WOODSON AND SAMPSON ORDER JLIN TO PASS THE BALL TO A BALLHOGGER, ISO MELO AND JHARDEN, WHO HAPPEN TO BE BLACK?.......THESE NBA BLACK FRATERNITY WILL NOT ALLOW AN ASIANS KID TO EXCEL......FACT........
Im just a stupid Heat fan but whatever::Lin was the only reason your team was even semi-relevant for the month of February while Melo &amp; Amare were out....
grungewasfun::NICE JOBS....COMMON SENSE ON HERE IS VERY RARE..... THESE SAME KNICKS WAS OVERJOY WHEN JLIN PUT A DAGGER AGAINST TORONTO AND TH ELAKERS AND MAVS...... IT'S A SHAME KNICKS FANS ARE A POSER.......JLIN DID MORE FOR THAT CITY THAN FAT FELTON WILL EVER ACCOMPLISH IN  NEW YORK.....JLIN PUT TH EKNICKS BACK ON THE MAP AGAIN......
grungewasfun::FINALLY ....A GOOD FANS.......NICE JOBS..... THESE NEW PATHETIC FANS FORGET FAST.......( YEAH I'M LOOKING AT YOU FURIOUS).......YOU ARE NOTHING MORE THAN A POSER WANNABE.....
metsislesgiants::I do and appreciated him for it.
_Furious_::Jeremy you should be working on your jump shot, not wasting time on here.
FadeBackShoot2Points::if woodson is the coach everybody thinks he is he'll bench amare
grungewasfun::YOU LIMPKNICKS ARE SOO FUNNNNNNNNYYYYYYYY........!!!!!!! TRADE AMARE?  WHO THE HELL WANT THAT GUY???!!!!!! -AMARE.......
porcupinetreesw::I think Amare straight up for Gasol might be a win/win. He did play well in D'Antoni's system. Gasol could use a new setting too.
_Furious_::Amare can't stay healthy - plus there's nothing he brings to the table that Gasol can't already do.
metsislesgiants::why so angry?  Clearly you cared enough to post.
YearOfTheSpur::And why do yall DUMB Knicks fans say that the Spurs suck?!?! Yall beat us at home for the 1st time since 2003, and wasn't your team battling for the 8th seed last year with the BUCKS LOL.
RO7NY::I don't remember any Knicks fans saying the Spurs suck... Nice try though
grungewasfun::THAT'S THE FUNNY...PART....THE SPURS GOT 4 RINGS.......LIMPKNICKS GOT CHITT......THEY DON'T GET IT......KNICKS FANS .....LOVE TO PREMATURE EJACULATION AT IT'S BEST........LADIES HATE THAT.......
grungewasfun::PREMATURE JOY........NOW YOU HAPPY?.......JEEZ........SMDK
metsislesgiants::Clearly you know a lot about premature ejaculation.  Why don't you seek some therapy for all of that anger.  It's a basketball team for christ sakes and people are happy they are doing well, calm down.
theflyeststar::no one said the spurs suck
YearOfTheSpur::Im pretty sure yall Knicks fans used to LOVE jeremy lin, and know the same people are saying he was trash and that he cant clutch etc. You idiots know that without him yall wouldnt of even made the playoffs last year. Atleast respect the kid, man was in the D-league. You NYC people call others haters but yall are the ones who keep bashing on a player? Shows how fake Knicks fans are
YearOfTheSpur::Take a second a look at the comments below.
metsislesgiants::So because 3 or 4 people on the internet said that means they represent the entire fanbase?
theflyeststar::i looked for a few seconds and saw no one bashing lin, your over doing it
theflyeststar::thats bs, a lot of knick fans are rooting for lin including me, no one is hating on him i wish him the best in houston
FadeBackShoot2Points::this is why you should never pay attention to season predictions before the season is played, everybody had OKC/lakers in the west and had Miami/celtics in the east..and that bothered some people, they were saying things like "why do they even have a NBA season if they know who's going to be in the conference finals and NBA finals" just because analyst and writers predict something that doesn't make it certain to happen..now look, we have NY at the top of the east and the grizzlies at the top of the west..the clippers with a better team and record than the lakers..the celtics struggling to win games, OKC not looking as good because of the harden trade.
RO7NY::No one has predicted anything after 6 games.... people are just giving the Knicks their due.... unlike you.  And no matter how much you hate the Knicks will be around... I mean heck they were around last season...and this team is WAY better than last seasons.  Only a fool would think otherwise.
nbabasketball1982::Its way to early to predict anything.
heisenberg_3::Actually this is why you should never pay attention to predictions after 6 games.
FadeBackShoot2Points::that's true also lol
QueOrleans::With Melo playing unselfishly,I smell championship!!!!!
nbabasketball1982::C'mon Melo MVP? seriously?
SilkyJohnson75::Yeah.................too soon lol!
porcupinetreesw::Melo MVP, Woody Coach of the Year!
grungewasfun::HAHHHAHA.......MELO MVP??? EXCUS EME WHILE I PICK MY NOSE AND TOSS IT IN YOUR DRINK.....FUNNIEST CHITT I HAVE EVER HEARD.......!!!!!!!!!!
SilkyJohnson75::The Knicks are resembling the champions on their roster..............Kidd, Chandler, Wallace.  Winning is infectious....
SilkyJohnson75::Nothing premature, it's acknowledging their identity.  I haven't proclaimed them world beaters yet, but they are clearly a team with a different mindset.  Stop hating........people hate that........
grungewasfun::6 games.....1 year baby can count up to 6 dude.....STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION OKAY......LADIES HATE THAT.....
Webelieve012309::the ladies keep telling you that huh?
ammizny::It is only 6 games, but these are wins against playoff teams from last year too.  Many of these wins were blowouts as well.  They've played a very tough schedule so far.  It's early, but there's no question the Knicks are championship contenders this season.
That_Guy_Chris::That post game comment by Melo "use me as a decoy." Melo wants to win this year, that's all that's on his mind.
SilkyJohnson75::The only game Melo had this year I hated was the first one, versus Miami.  Crushing win, but he was really going at LBJ.............by taking too many shots.  Finished 10-28, 30pts.  Luckily, the whole team was burying 3s that night.
CircleLimit4::I agree, Melo played solid D that game, though.  The only game I hated by Melo was the Magic game where he wasn't showing on the picks. His defense in general was sloppy that game. He corrected that in the 4th though.
ammizny::He knew he wasn't shooting the ball well, so helped the team win in other ways.  12 rebounds and 3 assists.  This isn't the same Melo as when he was a Nugget.
CircleLimit4::He started reverting back to the old Melo in the Magic game, but Woodson got in his face and corrected that.  Woodson  and the other vets (Kidd, Camby, Thomas, Sheed) is the best thing that's ever happened to Melo.
That_Guy_Chris::Hell, even last year if he was struggling he'd try to do it himself in the 4th. He's all team this year.
rtbjr3000::Well, it's about time he put the team first before stats...
CircleLimit4::If Melo goes Iso, that's probably more Woodson than anything. Iso was the entirety of his Offense when he was with the Hawks.
grungewasfun::THANK YOU JLIN FOR TEACHING ME AN DSHOWING ME THE TRUE MEANING OF TEAM BASKETBALL...... - ISO MELO - A.I.
grungewasfun::THE REAL FACE OF ISO MELO WILL SHOW.......40 YEARS OF EMPTY AND COUNTING........
rtbjr3000::Can you please point out the part when i said i'm better than Carmelo?
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::You better than him?
heisenberg_3::The best part of the 2012 playoffs. Knicks lose game 1 to the Heat by 30....Knick fans blame it on 1 flop.
Webelieve012309::The best part of the 1999 1st round playoff series was all the Heat fans saying the only reason they lost the series was Alan Houston's "lucky" game winner. I can live in the past too buddy.
CircleLimit4::Refs were terrible that entire game. The big flop (there were several others) and Tysons bogus tech was a momentum killer.  And Shumpert going down was also a big factor in that loss.  But also, the Heat were a better team, plain and simple.
n1que_olajuwon_ewing::the best part of your day is going on an ESPN chatroom to troll.
ammizny::It was more so the incredible string of injuries they were dealing with.  If the Knicks were at full capacity, they probably lose the series, but it would have been much closer.
CircleLimit4::This.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::We don't get it
