spurscowboys1312::K Leonard's stats NICE
spurscowboys1312::GO SPURS GO!!! much respects to Kings'fans and Cousins
SoulBrotha7::It sucks how you don't get coverage in the NBA unless you're in a big-market city or have problematic players that make headlines with their goof-ups.   Anyway, I'm excited to see the Spurs go all the way this year!  GO SPURS GO!
Andrew12848::Live in san Antonio since 93 and always watch the spurs, got a parker jersey..... But i have been voiceing that i have a hankering for a new jersey and K. leonard's has been looking like a great fit since the beginning of the season. I am very impressed and excited to see him play, every game he has shown me that he is a baller in every aspect, has Manu's defense, interior scoring, outside 3, just a great all a rounder. Yes the second spur to make me pick up a jersey!  last night I watched espn, la espn, and this mornings addition, and espn.com,  not one mention of the spurs.  If you live here and are a spurs fan .... no surprise.   we will come out the west, we are the only true threat to the thunder, and I bet you they know.  last year on New Years eve, russel and durant were at Club Posh with Blair, russel easy going was out side in the parking lot in their thunders sweats reppin, but talked with me as a spurs fan, i wished them luck against us, they have a respect you may not see on tv, but believe me first hand, they know we lost last year on a fluke, they expect to see us this year. GO SPURS.
hornerb1::Spurs rule!     Hard to believe the lack of coverage during this awesome season.    A deep team this year and Pop is the coach of the year. BTW ESPN, true NBA fans are interested in great basketball, not mediocre teams like the Knicks.
Andrew12848::as a spurs fan you should come to expect this, the champs dont  get coverage, who are they? my point , texas is a thorn in the NBA world.
luvnbayes::Out of sight, out of mind.  How many Spur fans have even thought about Richard Jefferson in the last two weeks?  The team is so much better, especially defensively, with him gone.  Getting Jax was a big plus, but even if we had traded RJ for a bag of popcorn we would have better off with Leonard playing more.
ImOldschool1964::Who?
machine260292::great insight, thanks
Andrew12848::My girl and I worked for RJ personally in his Inwood Estate house, It was bare, he was rarely there, he wanted to be in Cali, and as where the rest of the spurs are ok living and playing in San Antonio, family men, with new young stars on the rise. RJ needed to go and belive me wanted to go.
Aztecs191::Go Leonard!!
NukeLaLoosh813::Spurs win their fifth game in six nights, on the road, and still not a peep about it on the front page of ESPN.  That's okay...under the radar is how the Spurs roll.  Championship #5 is coming up in June.  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
luvnbayes::Best Spur team since 2005.  But only if Manu and Timmy are healthy for the playoffs.  The depth is awesome, but it won't matter if either of those two aren't around.  But if they are, even ESPN will have to pay attention come June.
butasports::buy the lephone, only vibrates no ring http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/p/best-nba-memes.html
luistx::Great game. Spurs are very deep and have a great shot at the title. I hope!  Sacramento Played great, if they can get some good veterans, they will be a scary team with all their talent. So keep your heads up Saramento.
Zo3313::Slam dunk on u  was wrong again. I live in reality and know that the Spurs cant win every game so he will get on the Spurs message board again and get it right for once. N when he does he will be gloating about it. Too bad he cant be here when he gets it wrong
Raidersyeahthatsright::Big surprise. A guy with the IQ of a Turnip (sorry vegetables of the world) was wrong!
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::He's sitting in a corner of his basement in a fetal position....crying that he was wrong again! He really needs to fly away with those dumbo ears!
UTSisTexas::Like Sean said the second unit is more deadly or just as deadly as the first unit.  Scary thought for other teams.
lsiberian::Hopefully the Kings get back in the playoffs next season. With Thomas, Jimmer and Cousins the future looks very bright.
treezeyforsheezey::The difference between IT and Jimmer is this:  IT gets a chance, and Jimmer doesnn't.  IT is allowed to make many mistakes, and Jimmer isn't allowed to make one.  The problem with Jimmer isn't Jimmer. Its Keith Smart.
JBurhenn253::the difference between jimmer and IT is this: IT is a better defender. IT is a better ball handler. IT is a better PG. IT is a better passer. IT is a better rebounder. IT is a better all around player.  jimmer may put up 28 pts in a game like isaiah did but he wouldnt put up the same numbers in other categories. get over jimmer
Rhubarbjackson::Lol...... IT has one good game and people think he's God.
Raidersyeahthatsright::How about the fact Fredette is NOT a PG? Let the guy do what he's best at, play him at the 2.
Raidersyeahthatsright::Watch him play. He's not a PG.
Rhubarbjackson::Actually, the Kings are grooming him to be the future PG because "he sees the floor so well" and "gets his teamates involved".  He's not there yet but he will be.
JBurhenn253::jimmer is clearly not a pg. just because there is a pg in front of his name on the roster doesnt make him a point guard. he was a leader in college but he wont lead/run a team in the nba and thats what a point guard should do at this level. he may have a game here or there with 5 assists but you cant expect it out of him night in and night out. he is a 2 guard.
treezeyforsheezey::Why is he not a PG? Because he knows how to make shots? Its like saying Cam Newton isn't a QB because he knows how to run, or that Dirk should play center because he's tall.
AlmightyRuler77::Call the Whaaaambulance...  28pts, 10 asts, 3 TO = Awesome; If you want to complain about who's stealing PT from "The Jimmer" then complain about T Evans.  How many years has that guy been in the league and still not become Derrick Rose?
Grant672::Isaiah Thomas &gt; Jimmer. All of those fans who love Jimmer, its time you realized the truth.
minick_man83::The rest of the NBA is fearing the Spurs and Pop more and more by the day.  Too bad ESPN doesn't see it.
FranciscoKern::Uh-oh - it looks like Demarcus Cousins is beginning to figure it out.
nba is the worst::Geez - were the refs holding a protest or something?  118 pts in the paint, and only 25 ftas  - too bad I missed this one...
NOVABuffalo::45 seconds on ESPN ..... it's the role of the Spurs to crash the June media party again this year.  It never changes, nor would I desire it to change.  The Spurs have an impressive run going right now.
Foghorn HookemHorns::What? Just because the Spurs have won 6 in a row, 9 of 10, 13 of 15 on the road, including 4 games in 5 days, all while substituting players and resting them, that doesn't make it impressive enough for ES "We only cover NY, LA, Miami and Chicago" PN.
joemcleod83::5 games in 6 days, but who's counting.
tnchawaii::Kawhi &gt; jimmer. MUCH greater. Go aztecs!!!
lewis dolgin::I am  glad the kings lost. Jimmer should have had more playing time than evans.
JacobyJ4::Good Game Spurs... I'm loving Kawhi and Jackson is such a good fit!  Well done GM...  Kings: you guys fought hard, Good game Isaiah... Kinda feel like there is a lot of chemistry problems on this team... Reke seems deflated... and the rotation is still messed up, can we get some regularity PLEASE SMART!  Jimmer played well again in limited time... Smart benched him again after 1 turnover, that's how you instill confidence... way to go coach...
JBurhenn253::do you know for sure that smart sat jimmer because of the turnover? i dont think you do. there could have been many reasons that smart pulled him and you have no clue so stop assuming
daboafadem::Jimmer is not the answer.  Even when averaging 25 minutes a game, a good number for a backup guard, his shooting % is only 36%.  That won't do it in the NBA.  PER is a revealing stat and Jimmer is only at a rating of 11.  Most backup PG shoot 42-43% at minimum and their PER is in the teens at 21-25 min per game.
daboafadem::Kings are dripping with talent under the age of 26.  They need a coach in the mold of Larry Brown, an older guy who can whip the young guys into shape.  They're not that far off, really.  I'm looking at their schedule and it's pretty telling by how many losses were by 7 points or less.  That comes down to 3 possessions in those losses.
JacobyJ4::Why marat? ... should I bi.tch some more about how our rotation sucks???   Spurs played well nothing wrong with me pointing that out... I call it like I see it... doesnt mean I didn't want the kings to win... just means that I respect good ball when I see it...
daboafadem::Some people are fans of players, regardless who they play for.
marat75::You shouln't be so positive about your opponents.
JacobyJ4::He is awesome... Love how all around his game is... He is only gonna get better... freaking stud!
daboafadem::Leonard during the Spurs 6 game win streak:  13.3 ppg, 8.3 rpg, 1.3 stl  NICE
MNSPORTS93::Sactown did better than my wolves against the Spurs. Well done.
warkoch::hey! its you...
spurs_sweep::Read the fine print! This is called ownership so the next SAC fan that claims that SAC has the SPURS  number you need to choke yourself.  The Spurs continue to thrive on the road. Since starting the season losing eight of 10, the Spurs have been difficult to beat away from home. The victory was their 13th in 15 games and their seventh consecutive victory overall in Sacramento. San Antonio has defeated the Kings in 13 of 14 games.
daboafadem::I can't believe I'm reading so many earlier posts blaming the refs for Sacramento's loss.  Spurs were called for more fouls and shot fewer free throws.  Both teams shot a surprisingly low amount of free throws for a game that ended up @ 229 points combined.
daboafadem::If there were so many uncalled fouls...then why did both teams shoot over 60% in the second half?  Doesn't sound like an old 1990's Heat VS Knicks game to me LOL.  Those were some sh!tty basketball games....
Frantismo::Crazy stuff... Not in a sarcastic way, literally that's crazy people think that.. I thought the same about how little free throws were shot while being a high scoring game.
williamebonybrick::Well at least Fantasy IT owners cashed in tonight, too bad the Kings couldn't get the upset.
J-SMOOVE2038::The regular season is so frustrating.  I hate it.  Can the playoffs start already?
daboafadem::That last Sacramento 3 killed my picks tonight.  ARRGH!
-KING-ME-::Well I'm out, gn all(even you chad, racist piece of trash). GO KINGS!
JacobyJ4::Why is everyone talking crap on Jimmer... Dude played 7 minutes had 5 points thats not bad at all... get a life Jimmer hating $@%!$@%!$@... IT played great but Jimmer did not play bad.. its redic how many idiots are allowed to post baseless idiotic comments...
JacobyJ4::Jburhenn253... are you just putting your 2 cents in wherever you see a comment from me... you can have them back.... Maybe we should talk about Isaiah's 8 pts 6 assists last game in 48 min ... or we could talk about Jimmer a couple games ago having 6 points 4 rebounds 1block and 1 assist in 6 minutes...  Dont go ruining yourself on a bunch of my posts ... you dont know what you are talking about... Isaiah played well last night... but he had 3 games prior to that where he played very mediocre... Jimmer's main weakness right now is his defense is mediocre but it is improving...  and his coach has him on a short leash... to say all Jimmer can do is score is idiotic.. He is a very skilled player and there have several games where he will get more assists than thomas does and he does it in a third of his minutes.
JBurhenn253::you are right jimmer didnt play bad. he scored well in the seven mins but did nothing else. there are other statistical categories you know
anewman513::More games like this and Kawhi can make a strong run at ROY.   He's allegedly top five now, but if he can continue to produce like this he will climb closer to the top.
Frantismo::No doubt, this guy is playing great, it amazes me he's still a rookie... He won't catch up to the likes of Kyrie, only because the offense is generated around him, but Kawhi is up there..
anewman513::Kawhi Leonard  &gt;&gt;  Jimmer Fredette  (not even close)
tnchawaii::I knew it when they were coming out of college last yr.  Kawhi was ready, jimmer isnt shooting over small guards anymore... sdsu aztecs fight!
sjc746::but will all know the jimmer will always be there still batteling
REVRAND2::He sure couldn't stop him in a head to head matchup! Jimmer went off on him twice last year! But kawhi is legit! Love watching him and he has a bright future
sjc746::maybe right now but the jimmer will awake
REVRAND2::Thanks for your imput..
anewman513::Corrected?  Happy?
JacobyJ4::lol says the guy who spelled fredette wrong
anewman513::Are you intentionally misspelling "input"?  If so, why?  If not, ... ummm... nevermind.
anewman513::You're welcome
NukeLaLoosh813::Five games in six nights...and the Spurs won them all.  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
big bunnies::laugh at all the sac fans who said IT was terrible about a month and a half ago
JacobyJ4::That time is coming man, Jimmer is going to start taking minutes from Thomas... Why?  Cause Thomas is repping 32 min a game in march and the last few have been over 40 min.... and guess what.... .the kings aren't winning... Guaranteed he is going to start to see his minutes come down... I am in no way saying we are losing because of some fault of his,  I am just stating the facts.  When you are not winning things get shook up.
REVRAND2::Not true! Most jimmer fas love IT! He is awesome and deserves playing time! He definitely isn't the kings problem! It's the coach
JBurhenn253::i dont know any IT fans who hate jimmer. we hate jimmer fans because they have blindfolds on. why would IT fans hate jimmer? we have nothing to worry about. IT will never be in danger of losing mins to jimmer
JacobyJ4::There are IT fans who hate Jimmer... get over it... Jimmer takes far more flack than IT ... this is IT first good game in 4 ... but he still gets his 40 min a game... I think that is what some people cant understand... but HE has played well and is a good rookie but this does not make Jimmer bad... They are both good.. is that a problem???... I watched sportscenter today and they were talking about a third year guy who averages 10.2 points per game and is playing 25 min and they said he is playing well... do you honestly think that Jimmer playing those minutes consistently would not have the same if not better averages... its so cut and dry with people... its annoying... both guys are playing well.. and yes jimmer should get more time than he is getting now... but this does not mean they should cut Isaiah..
-KING-ME-::there are jimmer fans who hate IT
-KING-ME-::they weren't kings fans they were jimmer fans
sjc746::kings just need to keep losing like 4 more in a row with thomas playing all those minutes. then we will see how jimmer will be implemented in the games after kings keep losing
sjc746::thomas is probly better then jimmer but not every single night thomas cant be better
williamebonybrick::IT&gt;&gt;jimmer      accept it, move on
JacobyJ4::williamebonybrick - IT&gt;&gt;jimmer      accept it, move on  um... have you watched the last few games?.... not overly productive... lets be fair and say he is playing more and is playing well... Jimmer is improving and he will in the end be the more consistent player ... sorry.... Thomas is great though and I think he will also be successful ... I am not sure why it is so hard for everyone to wrap there head around both being successful but that is going to be the case...
REVRAND2::Kings are the most disappointing team in the league
-KING-ME-::I would say the Blazers. Kings have talent but it's not like a lot of people picked us to be a playoff team
chadwi12::dont be sorry to this kitten.. he will act like ur best buddy after game time... when the board becomes a ghost town, but he'll sell u out the min he's bum buddies come a calling... ive heard him say some awful shiz about fredette, and he said all fredette fans should be blown away
-KING-ME-::you really are stupid
chadwi12::i said act.... and ill tell u when...  when ur solo.... and trying to make friends, because u possess woman like qualities that leave her incapable of taking up for her self.... so she plays nice....... between u and me... just know that i know u r a complete petrified little kitten... ur playing tuff tonight because ive left u no choice.... but we both know its not the norm
-KING-ME-::When did I ever say you were my buddy? I might agree with you on some things but I have NEVER liked you. I hate racists
REVRAND2::Sorry king me but there are few teams in the NBA that are more disappointing than the kings. No other team has that much talent and such a terrible record
-KING-ME-::we might be disappointing but not the worst. Teams like the Wizards, Hornets, Bobcats are worse.
REVRAND2::Thanks but a more correct equation is any team&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; kings
-KING-ME-::actually no
REVRAND2::When jimmer is out there he needs tobbring energy and play the game like he always has. He is great when he's aggressive offensively! He is too hesitant at times. IT is playing more because he is fearless! He has too much confidence! That is how jimmer has always played and he needs to get back to that! It's what everyone loved about him in college
Rhubarbjackson::Hard to be confident when coach yanks you after 5 mins
LeBron_Bynum::You Jimmer Tebow fans must double as Timmy Tebow fans. Get a grip, if he was good enough to contribute he would be on the floor.
JacobyJ4::5 points in 7 minutes is production smarty pants... lets see... if he had say 35 minutes... than hypothetically he would have had 25 points... seems like a good per minute production to me...
REVRAND2::Thanks for your imput..
sklater::Hey, I got 3 quarters, can i get a dollar?
LeBron_Bynum::11 different SA players with at least 7 points...that's about as good as team basketball gets.
1719719719::Yeah give Pop alot of credit for learning to integrate players and get them playing together well.
-KING-ME-::we need rick as our coach again
Rhubarbjackson::He was awesome. I loved watching them with Bibby and Jackson.
-KING-ME-::smart is messing up IT and Jimmer. IT is playing too much and Jimmer is not playing enough. playing a rookie 40min a game is just dumb and not playing the top pick more than 15min a game at most is also dumb.
chadwi12::why dont u throw some flame throwers out there for old times sake, or perhaps plagerize a couple of my opinions like u have done so many times... or how about the night jimmer went nuts and u said ok, if he doesnt put him back in after that first half he just had then ill admit that theres gotta be something to this smart theory.... then a few of ur pathetic king buddies popped up and u jumped in line and began to call me name to avoid having to acknowledge that ive been so dead on this situation its not even funny..  ive called so much crap before it happened just because i can see whats going on... meanwhile i got a freekin feminine kitten puff derogatory slanders at me every step of the way... put ur hate off me and put it where it belongs... on ur garbage squad
chadwi12::cant wait for the next game..... im going to bi%ch ur little crybaby ace... will be my try at spam
chadwi12::says a grown espn slumber taddler.... who cant gather a rational thought outside of what he's told by others.... scum da dumb dumb bum
-KING-ME-::people that spam and want to spam are automatic trolls, thanks for proving what I thought about you, you racist troll
chadwi12::here comes the part of the game where u try to play nice.... when all ur backup is out for the night... lol BN
-KING-ME-::no i'm not playing nice, i can't stand you and your racism
chadwi12::messing IT... lmfao... i would hate to see what u think would qualify as smart looking after isiah... if this is being qualified as messing him up... he's the starting pg as the last draft pick... olease screw jimmer over like u are screwing isiah over smart... please
maxvroomin::Doubt you saw IT play all but 5 minutes in winning in 3 games in 3 days while being the Pac-10 tournament MVP including hitting the game winner in OT over Arizona last year.  Wasn't exactly a problem when he was averaging 39 minutes a game then.  If he were averaging 41 minutes a night over the course of a regular 6 month season then sure he would be tired out but the guy is 22.  He can handle it.
-KING-ME-::playing a rookie 40min a game that was the 60th pick is stupid and is tiring him out.
REVRAND2::And why not have them both on the floor at the same time?!?! That seemed to work good earlier in the year
Rhubarbjackson::They should be splitting minutes.  Both great players but Smarts bias is a little too obvious.
-KING-ME-::I've been saying to start IT and Jimmer for a couple of games with thornton off the bench because we need to try stuff since the season isn't going anywhere
REVRAND2::The kings need a coach that will preach discipline! They need an actual offense that forces them to get he open guy the ball, not stand around, and plays to their players strengths. A Jerry Sloan type pick and roll offense would be great for the kings! Right now they play one on one ball and it's usually one pass and a forced shot! Terrible
chadwi12::jimmer still nba's tv kings poster boy for saturdays game...
Rhubarbjackson::Smart is not interested in developing Jimmer.  That much is obvious.
sjc746::true but this season is over quick and we yet to see much utilization of jimmer
-KING-ME-::Wesphal was not a good coach for the Kings
chadwi12::then the team quit on him... prob for utilizing jimmer...
-KING-ME-::that doesn't mean he was a good coach for the Kings, jimmer needs to be utilized but Paul was not good for us.
sjc746::i thought he was great he utilized jimmer and cousins in a big win against LAL
sjc746::thomas is a great talent a very great player. but the next 3 games im going to pay close attention on thomases minutes, and on coach smarts decesion making on utilizing thomas. because smart is relying on thomas and will keep depending on thomas. as long as this losing streak continues he will realize he his over hyping thomas and he his not the direct answer. then maybe the jimmer will get his minutes increased like it was at the beginning
chadwi12::will not happen... smart has sided with the  team and it would be suicide on his coaching tenure to pull out now and go to fredette... he would suffer the same fate as westphal... sooner than later
REVRAND2::Unless the kings get a new coach ASAP, they will never be a winning team! They have done really well in the draft, they have great talent. They need someone who knows how to manage players and use the players talents! He tries to mold talented players into something they aren't! Play to your players strengths!
JacobyJ4::need more glue guys and less shooters though... but we do have talent we can move and get the right type of players to compliment a solid core.... we just need to decide who that core is and move our other young assets
-KING-ME-::I agree
prezh601::Sacramento looks good.. they could learn alot from this game right here as a team and it would give them ten more wins a season and with added defense it could be 10 more wins.. make that extra pass and keep the point guards out the lane.. COusins does not keep his chin up when he is tired and he begins to lean on players.. good game
chadwi12::u aint no dummy.... well said... smart commenters are tuff to come by up here
prezh601::i know they wont.. they are young and want to prove they can fill up the stat sheet and be the main guy because the team will need a face for the new stadium being built...Thorton needs to come off the bench.. because he will not play defense
chadwi12::but they  wont man... they are so out for themselves
sjc746::smart is way overhyping Isiah , Isiah is human to and so is jimmer. and jimmer can easily outshoot isiah if isiah is having a off night,. and isiah has not been doing it for smart. maybe it will be good for sac to lose another 4 in row with thomas still playing all those minutes. then we will see how smart coach smart is on playing isiah all those minutes. because this is getting out of hand now and im getting very frustrated by this. we will see by the next few games if coach smart will change his philosiphy
sjc746::he certainly wasent clutch against GS turning it over like that
sjc746::what do you expect if he plays all the minutes, he his smarts main man did you hear me he is smarts main man
chadwi12::thomas doesnt feel quite often was the point...  he def was tonight.... thomas isnt the problem... sit thorton,, he;s a selfish hog.... and he;s not kobe, or iverson... meaning hes not worthy
7travis5::Thomas had 28 points tonight. I'd say he had a pretty good game. And I could out-shoot Thomas if I was feeling it and Thomas wasn't
Rhubarbjackson::.
