maalox8::I personally think he should come back now. He is a team player and the team needs his return now!!! Why should Noah &amp; Deng do all the work this year - They have wear and tear - They want a long career too. Rose will be fine once he is out there. He needs to look at his team mates and say " You guys have done well without me,but yes team mates lets push into the playoffs as a very strong strong team. Team First!!!!
MythDaEmcee::For those saying read the rulebook....you have to be literate to read it. The rule says that in the final two minutes of regulation and all of over time the refs can review goaltending or violation calls. It does not state that a violation has to be called.   If they could only review goaltending violation calls it would be written as "refs can review goaltending violation calls".   Otherwise its a redundancy in terms....that I'm sure wouldn't be included in a rulebook.  Noah's was goaltending a replay clearly should 1/4 of the ball over the rim. Koufous play was also goaltending.   If I were a Bull's fan I would  fault your coaching staff. The play can only be reviewed on a dead ball. George Karl was on top of things and called a timeout that allowed for the review.   Thibs didn't call timeout and play went on.
MythDaEmcee::Actually I'm wrong about this. My bad....but I did learn the NBA agreed with the refs because apparently the ref Ken Mauer did call goaltending on the play...that's why it was reviewable.   Kofous play didn't involve goaltending being called.
Drose will win another MVP::It's not that the call was wrong, I do think they go it right. By rule, they don't have the ability to review that Noah tip-in because they called it a good basket on the floor. Then decided to review it once the timeout was called.
MythDaEmcee::By rule they can review it. There's a word "or" in the rule...they can review goaltending OR violation calls.  If goaltending only referred to violations OR wouldn't be in that statement.
MythDaEmcee::Actually I'm wrong about this. My bad....but I did learn the NBA agreed with the refs because apparently the ref Ken Mauer did call goaltending on the play...that's why it was reviewable.     Kofous play didn't involve goaltending being called so it wasn't reviewable.
acmebrew::Did any Bulls fans watch Noah shove Chandler out of bounds right in front of the ref and then call Chandler for stepping out? Hello? Anyone?
Drose will win another MVP::That is what they told Thibs about the Koufus play. I don't understand how the blew that call so horribly after doing the correct thing less then a minute earlier.
Bulls greater than all teams::Im not one to whine about calls but, as Gismokras stated earlier the definition of Offensive Basket Interference so the Nuggets cheated.
acmebrew::Apparently you are one who whines about calls.......
DenverBroncos2013SBChamps::Chicago was lucky this game went into overtime.  Noah's hand was completely on the ball while it was on top of the rim.  Ty Lawson played awful defense on Nate Robinson.  Nuggets should look at getting Nate as their backup next year as Miller is visibly declining. Robinson would be perfect for Denver's run and gun offense.
LJG2612::Chandler should start over Gallinari
DenverBroncos2013SBChamps::Agree 100%.
BryHinkle::Everybody stop and step away from the dead horse
Rook_217::Well played
Joel Becker::No reasonable person could say that wasn't goaltending.  There best point is to question why Koufas basket wasnt reviewed, however there was another questionable goaltending by Noah in the last minute that was not reviewed.
Gismokras::Read the NBA rules, if it was a DEFENSIVE player, yes it would and should have been ruled a goaltending since the rule for an OFFENSIVE player is DIFFERENT, see below...
Gismokras::For all of you saying it was goaltending, the NBA rule is:  In the NBA, there is also a rule against offensive goaltending. This occurs when an offensive player helps guide the ball into the basket while it is on the rim or in the cylinder. Though this is a legal play in international competitions, it is not allowed in the NBA and the basket is not counted on the scoreboard.  When NOAH touched the ball it had not yet reached the rim or was in the cylinder. Same reason why its not basket interference.  BTW they did not whistle a violation on the basket, therefore they cant review since there was no call!
MythDaEmcee::Actually I'm wrong about this. My bad....but I did learn the NBA agreed with the refs because apparently the ref Ken Mauer did call goaltending on the play...that's why it was reviewable.     Kofous play didn't involve goaltending being called.
MythDaEmcee::The rule states they can review goaltending or violations in the final 2 minutes of regulation and all of overtime.   That is goaltending or violations. This means they can review missed goaltending calls and then correct it. OR.....review violations and overturn them.   If they could only review violations it would be written as "goaltending violations" there would be no OR in the wording.
the_ascent::Why can't they review it?  They review baskets all of the time at the end of games.
Rook_217::They can review shots, but if there is a violation made, and no call is initially made on the play, they cannot go to review that play to change the call.  It's a bit ambiguous, but that's the rule.
Rook_217::To your last point...they shouldn't have changed the call then since its not reviewable.
Gismokras::That is correct, even if it was indeed goaltending or offensive interference, since they did not call a violation on the play, they ABSOLUTELY cannot review a made basket, which was the case sicne they did not whistle anything.   It is unbelievable that they went to review it because of the time out...
Dtravieso::One of those games where if I'm in Chicago fans shoes I'm pisssed too.  Every sports fan deals with it.  Interfrence correct call.  Koufas' was interference, but Noah had another interference right after not called.  Some of our guys got slobber nocked, no call (like Javale dunk, amazing cooler than Jordan dunk), some of yours. Gritty play Chicago in a game we should have blown open.  Robinson amazing
Schraray::The Nuggets dominated this game on the road while resting their starters throughout.  They were thinking about tonight's game against a real opponent and still beat the Bulls (who are weak at best)
Nieko3292::Hinrich, Taj, and Hamilton are also out&gt; you Denver fans are so stupid. Do you even look into any research before you post.
Rook_217::Thanks Nieko!!!
Rook_217::Starters were benched, not rested...the players that were getting it done, played.  And Chicago may be "weak at best"...but the fact of the matter is that this team that dominated, struggled to beat a depleted Chicago team that had absolutely no business taking this game into overtime...u my friend are SLIGHTLY jaded.
DenverBroncos2013SBChamps::How exactly is Chicago depleted?  Just by missing Derrick Rose?  Hard to say Derrick Rose would have made a difference in this game as Nate Robinson was the only reason Chicago was in this game (and hence, he wouldn't have had the type of game if Rose was playing).  Other than that their other top two players, Noah played, Boozer played so you must be counting some of their bench scrubs as depleted.
Rubber Brain::It was goaltending.  Deal with it Chicago.
cubsbearshawks1221::Except for the part where it wasn't.
no.37::that was some terrible and strange officiating.
IamUnaffiliated::The Nuggets need to sit their starters more.  It was the second team that built the 14 point lead.
hellosports123::The nugggets won because of tim tebow
GentleS78::What a game!! Go Nuggets!!!
PFMDB18::So peaceful here without any Bulls fans. Guess they were up whining all night and now sleeping it off
Rook_217::We're not all whiners...or 12 yrs old.  It was a sloppy game that really the Bulls had no business winning...and didnt obviously. Too many easy inside and transition buckets.  "12year..." said it best, when u put the game in the hands of the refs, You get the outcome ur served.
Miami Are Champs::i think the nuggets will beat OKC its always the underdog that wins
Rook_217::Wrong Kyle...and I'll pass on the sucking it.  But no worries, I won't judge you based on your lifestyle, to each his own.
Akshay1988::Bulls won? Weird, thought the score was 119-118 Nuggets?
GentleS78::If you know the rules you would know they didn't win the game!  The real winners won!!
KyleFurtner::It was a made call. The call was no interference.. They reviewed it and realized they got the call wrong. Suck it
Rook_217::Actually...the rule states that only made calls can be reviewed.  No call made, shouldn't be reviewable.  It was goaltending.  But they didn't call it initially.
lovestephon23::If you watch basketball then u no the bulls was robed they won this game so dont be to happy cause the they nuggets are one and done
robology::They haven't lost a game since Flacco's PR move where he went to McDonalds in a hoodie and blue jeans to order some nuggets.  FACT! o.O
BoulderCreekNV27holes::Allowing. 35pts to Chandler is what cost you the game, forget about that one play?!?!
lwilliamson::Any nuggets fans remember the goaltending call that was missed against OKC in the playoffs? I believe Nuggs would have won that game and completely changed the outlook of the series if the right call had been made.  The difference here is that the right call was made on the Noah tip.
raiderfan9960::I'm a hugh Nuggets fan, but i think the streak ends tonight at 12.  Thunder at home vs a great Nuggets team on the 2nd half of a back to back that went into overtime????  Great run Nuggets!!!!
KyleFurtner::Sounds like the nuggets shouldn't even play
Musclerussell930::This game does worry me. I just hope that the Nuggets have enough energy after an overtime game the night before. I was hoping that the game was gonna be a blowout and all the starters could sit in the 4th. But the Bulls made it a tough game. Hoping the streak lives on, but this game will be a true test of how playoff basketball is going to be.
Luncey612::Why does GK put on the facade about bringing Chandler off the bench. The dude has been absolutely steller for the last month, while the manamle continues to decline. Chandlers arguably a top 3 player on your team. Let Faried come off the bench where "energy" guys are supposed to make their impact (low mins, high efficiency and energy).
lwilliamson::Rotations.  That's why most sixth men in the NBA play more minutes than at least one starter (and why I think the Sixth Man Award is a joke because the Sixth man typically plays starter minutes).  You want a starting caliber player to play with your second team.  See M. Ginobli, J. Harden in OKC, J. Crawford, L. Odom for the LakeShow. . .
lwilliamson::If you're talking about how they are listed on espn, Faried isn't a PF either (Faried-SF; Chandler-SG).  They are both 6'8" and @ 225 lbs.  Anyway, who starts isn't as important as who gets the minutes.  Faried played the fewest minutes of any player that saw the floor for the NUGGS.  GK played who deserved the minutes, Chandler on that night.
Luncey612::Thats exactly my point. If it doesnt matter and he is going to play more mins anyways why doesnt he start?
raiderfan9960::????? Wilson Chandler is not a PF, Kennith should still start, but i agree that Chandler should take Galo's starting spot.
Luncey612::GK loves small ball. He plays Gallo at the 4 quite a bit. Besides Wilson and Kennith are about the same size, and if you are concerned about defense, Wilsion is out of position significantly less than Kennith is.
tennisfanatic0123::big test coming up against the Thunder but this is a nice run by the nuggets.   they have a longer streak than the broncos for the first time lol
Mr. Damoan::they also have a longer playoff run than those donkeys too.
Alfie217::I'm glad the Miami streak is taking attention away from this streak. Denver can just sneak right into a 20 win streak.
washheightsboy3::The NBA refs clearly did this so the large market, star driven Nuggets would win. :)
BryHinkle::Post of the day
I am a follower::lol
raiderfan9960::Bozer is a bozo.  How can you say that the game was stolen from you when you trailed the ENTIRE game.  If anything the Nuggets tried to give the game to you and you refused to take it.  Stop crying and play better for 48 min.
grendel5826::yes, if they played better in the first 48 they would have won....
Tokemonkmk420.1::Didn't the game go into ot
YouKiddinMe8::I started betting a system called Sportsbettingstar. I have LOST around 3K a month for 3 consecutive months now using this system. Please don't use my system because I have gone bankrupt using it.
nargash35-Manimal::You people are still talking about the call? Move on people. It happens to every team in the league..!!
12yearlagavulin::When you leave it in the hands of the refs you deserve the outcome that follows.
Rook_217::Well put.  I'ma like this one!
WinBig154::I started betting a system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made around 3K a month for 3 consecutive months now using this system. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.
YouKiddinMe8::Man the Bulls coach is such a whiner.  Learn the rules of the game, and if you want the Koufos' tip in reviewed, call a TO!
Rook_217::But the shot was initially counted.  They didn't call interference...therefore they cannot go back and review a call that wasn't made.  If they called interference initially...then they can go back and review to make sure they got it right...
Rook_217::No call was made on the initial shot, only calls made can be reviewed...that's what he was arguing.  No call was made so it shouldn't be reviewable.
PFMDB18::They went to review right away to get it right . That was the call
Pepiope::Bulls fans...If the ball is rolling off the cylinder then you are allowed to tip it in, which is exact what Koufos did (and exactly what Noah did on the very next possession, but the Bulls don't want to bring that up.). Also, if an offensive player touches the ball on a shot attempt while it is on its way down and will potentially hit the rim, then that is also offensive basket interference, which is what Noah did. The refs got both calls right. Bulls should be happy that this game even went to OT.
Rook_217::...but if no call is made by the refs on the initial play, then that play should not be reviewable...they reviewed a play (and overturned) where no whistle or call was made...it was goaltending, but they didn't call it...should have been end of story
Musclerussell930::Couldnt agree anymore. It seems the Bulls are forgetting Noah's put back on the next possession. But they sure are bringing up Koufos put back.
buddydogwoof::Poor Bulls fans!  Ya'll lost the game with bad officiating on both sides, move on!!!  The Cubs will disappoint soon enough!
creative_screenname21::tacos in denver tonight!
SouthStands::Bittersweet victory for Denver last night. I've always been a proponent of calls not being the deciding factor in a win or a loss. While the non-call on Kofus should have been reviewed, it is what it is. By the definition of the rule, Noah did interfere. I understand Thibodeau's frustration, but at some point he needs to move on and realize how well the Bulls played. Shorthanded vs. a talented Nuggets' team, the Bulls gave Denver all they wanted and easily could have won that game.  ...not going to apologize for a win though. Every team has a lot of games that could have went a different way based on a call/non-call. Good luck the rest of the way Chicago...you have a great team up there.
washheightsboy3::What's lost in this is that the Nuggets let Noah get right to the rim.  Man, they just collapse defensively at the worst times.
Pepiope::Im sure GK will mention that.
skientz93::WTF - @Curtis Harris, Hardwood Paroxysm Daily Dime - Calling Miller the LVP - 13 assists, highest game +/- and 50% shooting.  Yes he bailed on Nate's three  and had 3 TOs - but LVP???
SouthStands::Miller is my favorite Nugget to hate. He makes great plays and boneheaded plays within seconds of each other. I wouldn't call him the LVP, but someone is going to need to explain to me why he and Lawson are on the court together at the end of a game. They both essentially do the same thing...get to the rim and take the shot or kick it out to a shooter on the perimeter. Having both in the game keeps a shooter on the bench...makes zero sense to me. Denver should have won in regulation...no clue what Miller was doing under the basket...did he think he would post up Noah?
sportspotpourri::I wonder how long the rule "if the ball is descending, offensive contact is also interference" has been around? Seems like NC State won a National title that way, and most alley oops would become a bit questionable.
stephenbhinton::If a lob pass isn't going to hit the rim it doesn't matter if it is descending.  but I think the NCAA rules are different anyway.
sportspotpourri::I think you are right. Lob passes are normally easy to separate from shot attempts most of the time, could make for some interesting interpretations of this rule though.
awesome0_3000::Not really a Nuggets fan, but just watched the replay and it is OBVIOUS that Noah touched the ball while it was over the cylinder before it hit the rim.  That means it was a case-closed goal-tending and any Bulls fan that tries to argue against it is delusional (or just stupid).
blh7068::Fair enough. The ball would have hit the rim, so there isnt much judgement invoked.
lwilliamson::blh7068, read the rule. It doesn't have to be "in the cylinder" it only has to be on its way down "with an opportunity to touch the basket ring".  It's a nobrainer call.  The poor officiating on the play is the fact that it wasn't called live.
blh7068::Please reread what I said- If the point of contact is where I believe it is- its NOT possible for the ball to be in the cylinder- the ball is on the edge of the square where his thumb and finger sure look to be making contact with the ball. The edges of rim fit  INSIDE the square.  That said, the ball cant be in the cylinder at that point in time.
Stan Van Gundy for Nuggets coach 2013::all of that is moot, blh.  if the shot has a chance to go in or hit the rim, and it's on its descent, and is touched, by anyone (offense or defense), it's goaltending/basket interference.    the ONLY possible defense a bulls fan could have is that the shot was an alley-oop.  no one in their right mind could call that an alley-oop attempt.  easy call for the officials.
NFLFanFreak::The whole ball doesn't need to be in the Cylinder only a part of it does. A Part of it was
blh7068::If you believe his thumb and finger is the initial contact with the ball( as it sure looks that way to me)- its not GT. The ball at that point of contact is on the border of the square- the edges of the rim fits within the border of the square- therefore there is no way the ball can be in the cylinder at that point in time.
stephenbhinton::read the basket interference/goaltending rule...on the Noah play the ball only has the "opportunity" to touch the ring.  Doesn't say one word about a ball being above the rim or even having any chance of going in.  g. Touch any live ball from within the playing area that is on its downward flight with an opportunity to touch the basket ring. This is considered to be a "field goal attempt" or trying for a goal.
sportspotpourri::No he didn't, but he did touch it on it's way down.
sportspotpourri::No it wasn't, the ball Koufas tipped was over the cylinder. Noah touched the ball before it hit the rim or got to it, but it was descending so by rule it's offensive interference.
awesome0_3000::1/2 of the ball was over the cylinder, easy call
sportspotpourri::Sucks because the refs made the call on the Bulls that  they SHOULD have made on Denver on the other end. Both plays were goaltending/interferences by rule.  Either way it sucks to have a game decided like this, especially with a short handed Chicago team fighting so hard to gut out wins.
Grindhouse2413::Grizz Nation here. Good win Denver. See you in the playoffs
Rick P. Johnson::Anyone arguing that Noah didn't commit interference is a moron. BUT anyone arguing that Koufas didn't commit interference is also wrong. The refs were extremely poor last night. They need to figure out the review situation because it really slows down the game when the officials have to go watch the replay on a special video booth. Replay specific official upstairs?
BryHinkle::I've seen two posts on here talking about how the Lakers are going to finish 6th in the West.  WTF are you smoking?  After their next game at home, they have 4 straight on the road (where they SUCK something awful) then they come home to play Dallas and Memphis and then they have to play the Clippers.  They will be lucky to win 3 of those games.  6th place in the West, it aint gonna happen.
LJG2612::Denver fan here good win on the road but should not have been this close with all the players the bulls were missing. Inconsistent play from core nugget players Gallinari especially, he better pick it up or chandler will be taking his starting job soon
kragtdogg23::Hope Denver can somehow beat the Heat's streak.  Boston needed to win last night.
Rahul1671::Man, this could affect the Bulls seed, which would be terrible.
Get to DAH CHOPPPA::the bulls have no chance in the playoffs anyway
johnny1722::I don't think that it is possible that any refs where worse than these scum bags
kool aid 098::PEOPLE DONT GET IT THE PLAY WAS NOT REVIEWABLE THATS WHT THIBS WAS ANGRY REVIEWING NOAHS TIP WAS AGAINST THE RULES
Drexz17::If its called on the floor, it is reviewable.
Rick P. Johnson::The play WAS reviewable because the officials called goaltending on the floor. Goaltending is reviewable. Koufas' wasn't because they didn't call goaltending on the play.
flybye23::who cares, they reviewed it and got it RIGHT !!!  Bulls still losers either way
Steve53727::Didn't your team just win last night? Go to your own boards.
johnny1722::The Refs were Damn idiots
DeeWig41::I'm not a fan of either team but I watched the game and the Bulls got screwed...there were a couple blown calls at the end that went Denver's way
johnny1722::Too many fouls on Denver that wasn't counted
johnny1722::Bulls vs. Nuggets game was bull S****, refs had a HORRIBLE call ten minutes after the play happened. I know, I was there...
Avenger00782::You can see so much more on the TV broadcast than you can at the game. The whole "I was there" argument just means you saw LESS than those who saw it on TV. That being said, the refs change the outcome of nearly every NBA game. I hate when a star gets into foul trouble and the refs know it. Also, there was already a make-up call after Kofus' tip-in, so don't blame the outcome on 1 bad call.
