Nick Falletta::how to run an organization: the denver broncos how to not run an organization: the denver nuggets just because your daddy is a billionaire doesn't mean you know anything about running a pro sports team.
Brett Skinner::Seriously get the Nuggs execs a case full of beer and some company cars.
Jeeves Sritharan::S-I-X-E-R-S
Will Haigh::sixers > heat
Nick Loewenstein::No
Will Haigh::Nick Loewenstein wait why not?
Josh Schwartz::Go Sixers go! Ever since you got Carter back in the lineup, you've been playing MUCH better. Contrary to what a bunch of stupid "fans" may think, your record does not tell what your real talent is like. Finish strong and beat the Nuggets.
Samit Jain::nuggets are so heartless, they have lost 8 straight and they are unable to put together any run against a very young 76ers team at home. Nuggets by far the worst team in league, and its not even close. 9TH STRAIGHT LOSS.
Tom Totosz::Denver fell hard from the graces of being a decent team. They will be bad for another decade. They have Lawson and, and, and, and........................
Tony Sanchez::Wow, I didn't know the 76ers were that good at 2-13 OTR, oh wait they're not, chicken nuggets are just that bad.
Josh Schwartz::Uh, actually, the Sixers ARE a good team. Just really young with a new coach and a lot of new players. But they are a LOT better when Carter plays. When he was injured...yeah, they looked awful. But he gives them the energy and boost they need to compete in games like this. The Nuggets are not a bad team; they just played a young, up-and-coming team tonight that had more energy than them. Simple as that.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::A nuggets are terrible. B philly is also terrible I don't care if carter plays or not they are terrible
Rick Voorhees::Josh Schwartz Excellent point, MCW if  he continues to play the way he has no doubt he will be rookie of the year...
Fjodor Balla::F this garbage nuggets team who "stole" 2 games from my mavs and now can't even keep up with the bottom of the league
Shoot Jung::Projection: Philadelphia 19.6% , Denver 	80.4%  Conclusion: Nuggets gonna win!
Cali Native::I guess Vegas wanted a split in the game.   They called for the under.
Edward Mattich::figures lose my big 2 game streak for cash pikin nba I deserve it
Chad Wiggins::what an effort at home by the dookie nuggs....
Tom Totosz::The nuggets might be the worst team in the nba.
Cali Native::The Sixers are a tough ball club!
Will Haigh::sixers= NBA champs 2014
Nick Loewenstein::No  Lolz
Will Haigh::Nick Loewenstein you dont know anything..are we watching the same game?
Adrian Rodriguez::Will Haigh I'm a long time Sixers fan and this is not NBA 2K14...the Sixers will be vying for a top 3 draft pick, but our future does look bright. We're about 4-5 yrs away from talking championships.
Evan Eberhardt::Why was Karl fired again?
Vladimir Tsalyuk::ur gonna blame the coach? have you seen the players. they have nothing but d leaguers in there..i guess with karl theyd be competing, but really whats the difference whether they dont make the playoffs or lose in the 1st round of the playoffs
Craig Keller::Vladimir Tsalyuk - some team should hire shaw away from denver, he has stunk up every job he had so he's due to do better! I think Lakers would take this loser.
Michael McCreesh::@ Evan because he CAN NOT WIN IN THE PLAYOFFS!
Johnson Johnson::lets go Denver nuggets
Shanmuga Sundaram::- ROY
Ward S Sear::Let's see... fire your hall of fame coach after the team's best season in history, hire a no experience new coach with no clue, lose A.I. because we fire Carl. This team is not just losing, they aren't even fun to watch. It all leaves this basketball fan to look somewhere else for entertainment.
GianFranco DeZola::I know the Nuggets are better than this.... what's going on with the Nuggets team..? struggling against the 76ers? really ? at home..really?
Craig Keller::maybe firing Karl and hiring shaw not best idea? They are playing at home and not competitive? Got to be on the coach!
Michael McCreesh::Craig Keller  or the fact that they let Masi go. and they still have sub par talent. get a clue. Go watch Karl coach his new team.... oh wait.
Chad Wiggins::holy crap trash can u make a freeking post feed with out turning it over... lawson u suck
Steve Carman::how bad is Founier? seriously send that french frog home! utter useless!
Yak Djukanovic::WHO THE F ON THE NUGGETS IS BETTER THEN AVERAGE? ALL THESE GUYS ARE HORRIBLE MAN
Yak Djukanovic::FOYE? IDK HOW HE STILL IS IN THE NBA
Chad Wiggins::Yak Djukanovic how much?
Samit Jain::nugget 9 straight loss... might finish with worst record this year
Genya Kilimnik::Seems like when George Karl left so did the concept of playing defense.
Michael McCreesh::the nuggets were one of the worst teams on D under Karl. nice try
Genya Kilimnik::Yeah the Nuggets lost 8 out of 15 homes game's under Karl. Michael dont be an idiot, you obviously just checked a stat line and didn't even watch the game. I respect Brian Shaw but in reality Denver was stupid to let Karl go. And they played no D last night that is why Philly, yes the shittiest team in the league Philly!!! scored 44 pts in one quarter. Do you know how hard it is to give up 44 pts in a qtr at home. I am not sure Karl ever even lost 10 home game's all season. Shaw is going to do that before the All Star break. Educate yourself fool.
