paulleena12::go celtics
suchita216::go celtics
suchita216::SCRIPT LANGUAGE="javascript"&gt;  This Is Red Text
suchita216::RED
BooTheFlames::celtics were one game out of the finals last year with a hurt roster, now we're a healthy team with a better bench, good call wapoheatfan, you clearly have no idea what your talking about.
WapoHeatFan::celtics are garbage.. 1st round exit
HiKeithyWhatUp::LOL same record so far as the HATE ......LOLOLOL
Full Season Heat::Ive seen better basketball on the movie ET than rondo Jazz &gt; Celtics November 14 2012, 11:47 AM  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag ______________  Where'd you run off to, chump?
Full Season Heat::Nice job Boston - love shutting up that Rondo-hating moron
Road dog Red::Ummmmmm JEFF GREEN HAS HEART
lamarmt1::I love it that Rondo got his 8th, 9th, and 10th assists on three straight three pointers by Paul.  Giving an assist on a 3 is funny to me.
oblique15::why the hell is that?
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Go CELTICS. Good game, Utah.
Excelscior1::A picture says a thousand words:  http://c.o0bg.com/rf/image_371w/Boston/2011-2020/2012/11/15/BostonGlobe.com/Sports/Images/121114celtics2770.jpg  Jeff Green Salutes you Al Jefferson.
Ramrod212::Mo Williams bad shot selection down the stretch cost the Jazz the game.  Mo the Jazz need you to distribute the ball first and shoot second.  The Jazz do not need you to dribble down the court ignore your teammates and take quick ill advised shots.  Besides that what a fun game to watch!
PatsStillGot3::Green finally showing why the celtics chose to give him 40 mil  and barbosa is an early candidate for sixth man of the year already but doc always shuffles the lineup so who knows
Excelscior1::Clippers showed how size and depth can smack up Da Heat. NBA take notice.   Lebron played 41 min. Rest of the NBA, burn Lebron and the Heat out please. Lol
JustinTimeHeHe::If I have a hurt player in fantasy B-ball, should i put him on the bench or UTIL? What is UTIL? does the bench score points? And should i rotate everyday depending on who is playing that day? Thankyou, please help
kevinj1264::fantasy basketball is hard as hell to predict.  If he is injured put him on the bench and rotate every day based on who is playing
JustinTimeHeHe::yes, alright gotcha, Thankyou so much man.
StevenDanger194::Good win Celtics.
azwildcat6867::Started betting with a system called Sportsbettingstar now for a couple of months. I found this online on the first page of google by searching the words sports betting system. Since I started I have made around $3,000 a month just following it. It is by far the best system I have ever tried in many years of betting
stat3250::Should I do this trade?  I get: Kyrie Irving and Marcin Gortat. I give up: Lebron James and drop Seraphin
stat3250::Should I do this trade?  I get: Kyrie Irving and Marcin Gortat. I give up: Lebron James and drop Seraphin
ChargersFan4Life001::http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_WzXNWVhPgZM/TJQhXJxdK3I/AAAAAAAAAAw/3GOT5hwuezA/s1600/DUMB!.jpg swaggerkid and lakerfresh as kids
Jimmy30313::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIj8VmGbJrQ  lol at Tommy "what he do?"
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::board just died
Dwight - GOAT Center - Howard::heat board is hilarious
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::i'm bouta check that out
Go Wolves14::Dwight, you mad?
Dwight - GOAT Center - Howard::lol, why would I be mad?
Go Wolves14::I'm not mad
rlathdus::Jeff Green got top play of the day on nba.com!  And there were no Heat plays, except the one where D-Wade got stuffed!
Dwight - GOAT Center - Howard::lol, Wade
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::YAY!
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::I didn't see that pass!
rlathdus::KG's beautiful pass was #6 or something!
Go Wolves14::Dwight, you still hate me?
Dwight - GOAT Center - Howard::I don't hate anybody, lol
LMAO at Ray Allen trying to guard J Crossover::Im out also, dont wanna get banned GN
ChargersFan4Life001::gn
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::gn
Dwight - GOAT Center - Howard::peace
Go Wolves14::gn
Heat -Master-Sage::I'm out later, GN
ChargersFan4Life001::gn
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::gn
Dwight - GOAT Center - Howard::peace man
Go Wolves14::gn
LMAO at Ray Allen trying to guard J Crossover::gn
Heat -Master-Sage::Heat Sage = Swagger Kidd?
Heat -Master-Sage::Lmao he's a "special" person
abdiraxman79::it's funny how barbosa was picked up as an afterthought and he missed the entire preseason, yet, he's played as well if not better than both lee and terry 2 or 3 games.......
Dwight - GOAT Center - Howard::Bynum, lol
36brandon8282::Bynum sitting on the bench  in a wheel chair  lol
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::lol
LMAO at Ray Allen trying to guard J Crossover::.
Go Wolves14::Y'all see Bynums hair today?
Heat -Master-Sage::Yea looks dumb
Go Wolves14::It looked HORRIBLE
Dwight - GOAT Center - Howard::lol
Heat -Master-Sage::Lmao 1 second late
LMAO at Ray Allen trying to guard J Crossover::https://twitter.com/Kidswagger3_
LMAO at Ray Allen trying to guard J Crossover::Koke you have a twitter?
Heat -Master-Sage::lol i found it
Heat -Master-Sage::Nah
ChargersFan4Life001::don be disrespectin mee ie didn git an educmicatin -swaggerkid
LMAO at Ray Allen trying to guard J Crossover::-heatposter
Heat -Master-Sage::Lol
Go Wolves14::I like Safari/Internet Explorer more than Chrome
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::me too, but it looks like i'll be using Chrome now! lol
Heat -Master-Sage::Same
LMAO at Ray Allen trying to guard J Crossover::IE SUCKS
Go Wolves14::Eh...I like it better than Chrome
Go Wolves14::WTF Fins? Google Chrome works for everybody, except him
Heat -Master-Sage::Lmao
Heat -Master-Sage::He was on earlier but he ip banned
Go Wolves14::I wanted to talk to him, dude is hella funny
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::I'll download Chrome tomorrow.
LMAO at Ray Allen trying to guard J Crossover::I miss swaggerkid
Heat -Master-Sage::He has a twitter right
Heat -Master-Sage::What's his twitter?
LMAO at Ray Allen trying to guard J Crossover::yeah his tweets are hilarious
Heat -Master-Sage::Google chrome worked lol
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::Sup Koke
Heat -Master-Sage::Sup
Go Wolves14::Are you Fins?
LMAO at Ray Allen trying to guard J Crossover::koke?
Heat -Master-Sage::Yea I'm going to troll the hell out of Sage lol
abdiraxman79::i know zach randolph is a bulldog but perkins aint a beagle, if they scrapped im sure perkins would have more than held his own.....
LMAO at Ray Allen trying to guard J Crossover::.....
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::for some reason i imagined him to be bald LOL
ChargersFan4Life001::sexy -dogs
