Texans_Knicks_2008::needs 13 more comments for 5k
21key::i love the heat
Boston Bruin Fan::Lebron is good, but we all know he is no Michael Jordan, I still put Kobe ahead of him in his prime
inglehacker::Lebron had 15 points, 6 assists, and 4 boards in the 4th and overtime...and people are still making 4th quarter jokes.
KokeTookHisTalentsToSouthBeach::.
Angel Lizardo::MOTHER OF GOD 29 REBOUNDS!
HeatLaughAtRegularSeason::in a LOSS!
bwp2bruce::At the end of Lebron's career.... 1. Jordan 2. Lebron 15. Kobe
inglehacker::I don't like Kobe, but I still think he deserves to end up at #10-12 or so.
Mambaholic 33::Little high on Mambaholic
barcodedlife::That's a prediction. You are assuming lebron is going to win more titles. The heat look like they are falling apart at the moment.
HeatLaughAtRegularSeason::Heat are in first place cutie!  Enjoy!
Heatle Beatle::It's the regular season, kid.  This same $@%! happened last year.  Miami tends to go on cruise control.
bwp2bruce::Well, two of three is correct.
hawkman2k13::The media really wants us to embrace LeBron James as the next Michael Jordan but he's nothing like MJ at all. He's like Magic Johnson but stronger and faster. That's the more accurate comparison.
barcodedlife::I don't understand the comparisons to MJ either. They are completely different players.
barcodedlife::Completely agree. If you look at finals appearances there is no comparison also.  6/6  1*/3
bwp2bruce::The main difference being that Lebron is a quitter who lost in the finals twice.
bwp2bruce::More like Oscar Robertson
nba is the worst::So where's my pal HeatLaughAtRegularSeason?  ;)
lilboosiana::By ya'll logic Bill Russell is the greatest then, since ya'll conveniently use rings against Lebron.   Rings are a byproduct of teammates and timing imo. You can't factor out that MJ won those 6 rings at the end of Magic, Bird, and Isiah's run.
nba is the worst::What's funnier is how you assume every person that isn't "pro-heat" is me using another user name.  I guess that might just be because you've had what, 50 or 60 names?
HeatLaughAtRegularSeason::Funny how Le Asterisk + Omnivoid vanish and no sooner mysteriously back comes Troll number 1!  Get a Life!
Treydey10::Your New Years resolution should be to stop blaming the "refs and the schedule " after every Heat win lol.
msf017::Lebron James. The epitomy of the phrase "if you cant beat em, join em". I have no respect for the guy and never will.
lilboosiana::Easy to talk about that join them nonsense when the Lakers, Celtics, etc have great front office who get guys like Shaq, Gasol, Garnett, Allen, Howard to come to their teams. Who did the Cavs bring in the entire time Lebron was in Cleveland, Antoine Jamison. lmfao   Lebron did what people did everyday in the work force, he got a better job and left behind a dead end job.  I'm sure he cares what some peon on ESPN thinks.
bwp2bruce::Leave Lebron alone. He just wanted to go to Miami.
steverobchamps::Haha and you think he gives a $@%! about your respect. You keep winning employee of the month at Walmart and he'll keep winning rings without your valued respect..
as-tw::actually, he beat the heat and raptors many times when he was on the cavs. also, doubt he cares whether or not you respect him.
barcodedlife::I think Lebron cares a lot actually.
Qban_305::Man!!! What's up with the HeaT, they need to put it together, cause last lost and this lucky win, it makes me wonder, and D.Wade needs to start playing the game and stop waiting on LeBron to do everything, he's looking like a chump. Enough said
Warriors.2nd.seed.if.in.EAST::Lol all the fake heat fans left like lebrons jump shot in 2011.
Warriors.2nd.seed.if.in.EAST::LeBron James For The Win....... And clank. Or he passes it up.     This tool above is a great example of someone who talks out of his a.ss after watching basketball for 1 year.   Grow up u fucin Re.tarded bandwagon fans
Mambaholic 33::LAST 2 1/3 SEASONS GAMES SHOOTING % UNDER.......  45%.....KOBE - 77.............LBJ - 41 40%.....KOBE - 27.............LBJ - 17 35%.....KOBE - 17.............LBJ - 7 30%.....KOBE - 14.............LBJ - 4 25%.....KOBE - 3...............LBJ - 0 20%.....KOBE - 2...............LBJ - 0 15%.....KOBE - 2...............LBJ - 0  * THIS IS KOBE'S STRONG POINT
lilboosiana::Kobe definitely quit in that Suns series, groupies should know this.
Warriors.2nd.seed.if.in.EAST::I have never seen Kobe quit in a game ever. I have "WITNESSED" the queen quit in 3 different series.  The most note able one would be against Boston when on the cavs
bwp2bruce::Kobe has quit plenty of times. Just because you never seen it, doesn't mean it didn't happen. Jordan is the player who has never quit.
Mambaholic 33::btw who was that team Kobe walked off the court against...Remember Howard giving him the "look"
Mambaholic 33::Must not be watching his def last several yrs...Howard's yelling at him now
Warriors.2nd.seed.if.in.EAST::Kobe is 10 years older and still balls way over "the queen"
Mambaholic 33::Nope!  #'s never lie  -- if we were to use there first five seasons it gets much worse
oblique15::Heat are good but not the Dominant team everyone thought they would be when they first got together.
Warriors.2nd.seed.if.in.EAST::FA.ggot heat fans ...... Lol dam I can't stop laughing at how much of a clown u have to be to like the heat for 1 year.
Heatle Beatle::I'm sorry that you're a Warriors fan.
oblique15::wow barely beat the magic after losing to two horrible teams
Warriors.2nd.seed.if.in.EAST::WCF is the real finals
Warriors.2nd.seed.if.in.EAST::Heat are garbageand are only strong due to the eastern conference
oblique15::yeah in the west they would have to show up and play at 100 most games in the regular season to get a solid spot. Also in the playoffs more teams to challenge them all the way to the finals. East teams are lucky if they win one game against them.
Warriors.2nd.seed.if.in.EAST::Heat are embarrassing themselves. LEQUEEN is the dumbest player ever will never win a championship.
Warriors.2nd.seed.if.in.EAST::Also heats aged to have the most embarrassing losing streak losing 4 straight to the worst teams in the league and again almost last night.   1/2 championship and done. Warriors punked lebron with our 3 rookies too! Lol what a joke
Warriors.2nd.seed.if.in.EAST::Heat fans have been here for 1 year. Try being a Dan your whole life!   Dam you guys are more hollow than the arena that's never filled up. The worst fanbase in the league. The quietest arena voted by the public.
Warriors.2nd.seed.if.in.EAST::LEQUEEN is a quitter, loser, choker, cheater and just plain dumb $@% a monkey!
Warriors.2nd.seed.if.in.EAST::Miami your concert that the lame 3 held backfired . 1/2 championship and done. Where's 8????    The team that was built from from quitting and by cheating ironically ends do to salary cap.   Sucks to be a fan for 1 year of a team. How does that even happen?? Usually you are a fan because you are born into it from family. Sad with no integrity ! Hey just like the queen
Warriors.2nd.seed.if.in.EAST::Dam lol U HEAT FANS ARE A JOKE . ACTUALLY THINKING LEQUEEN IS BETTER THAN KOBE OR Even THe GOAT MJ??   Pathetic to see this but it is in your blood.. Yankees22233 of course you like the Yankees . Anyone who buys championships is a team you want to root for.
Mambaholic 33::Nothing to think about the #'s speak for themselves
Mambaholic 33::Miami " World Champs"         21-8 #1 rebounder........ Lebron #1 scorer.................Lebron #1 assits .................Lebron #1 blocks................ Lebron #1 FG%...................Lebron #1 defender............Lebron
Clueless Heat Fan::labron only has 0.8 blocks hes not first
shoenice ate your dog::lebron james teabagging people on the basketball court for almost 28 years
Warriors.2nd.seed.if.in.EAST::Gay heat fan above lol
Mambaholic 33::He probably was posting up his mama in preschool... LOL
Dem_Canes_Man::2011-2012 NBA Champs!
LeBron James For The Win::LeBron (Coast Mode) : 26.3 ppg , 8.4 rbg , 7 apg !!!  Who is this guy ?!
LeBron James For The Win::i mean seriously , what is this ?!  and he's shooting +50% from the field , and +40% from 3 !!!  and sometimes he just walk on the court !
Dem_Canes_Man::LeBron James For The Win - Maybe ;)  --the 6'8" kid that broke hearts in Chicago and New York?
LeBron James For The Win::Maybe ;)
Dem_Canes_Man::Pat Riley's Big Fish he caught in 2010?
Clueless Heat Fan::greatest player ever doesn't matter who has more rings evryone at my high school agrees!!!!!
Dem_Canes_Man::Akron's finest?
Mambaholic 33::No wonder Wade looks so bad...he can reduce anyone to average
Dem_Canes_Man::Happy New Year peeps!  By the way, good job, good effort Miami!
Timmys Crossover136::This team will get better at rebounding the more they play joel. Hes gotta get back to his career avg.
Clueless Heat Fan::Wow what a game labron just refused to loose 5peat comingup!!!!!
Skynet33::the real world calls...trolls have fun hating ur life..heat fans..peace
Yankees222223::peace
shoenice ate your dog::nba is the worst = le asterisk  more obvious than lebron's hairline and i'm a heat fan
HeatLaughAtRegularSeason::Mods notified! Her isp will be banned next!
Timmys Crossover136::Last year heat lost to the warriors clippers and the nuggets, in a row. Wonder how we did that year
Yankees222223::yupp. people just expect them to beat everyone by 20
Yankees222223::people take to much stock in regular season games
Timmys Crossover136::People take to much stock in heat losses
chip douglas unchained::bobcats beat the bulls lol
Yankees222223::haha and jordan will draft some nut
Skynet33::In their home court, didn't see that coming.
Yankees222223::had to win sometime. now they will go on another 20 game losing streak
chip douglas unchained::ya but maybe this time they get the #1 pick
Warriors.better.than.all.east.teams::HEY FAKE GAY BOITCH AS.s cumm licking 1 year fanboys....Miami your concert that the lame 3 held backfired . 1/2 championship and done. Where's 8????    The team that was built from from quitting and by cheating ironically ends do to salary cap.   Sucks to be a fan for 1 year of a team. How does that even happen?? Usually you are a fan because you are born into it from family. Sad with no integrity ! Hey just like the queen
LeBron James For The Win::Miami is : 11-3 against the West 10-5 against the East  they're dominant agianst the W almost as much as they are agianst the E (and they also have more Home games against E teams, %wise)
nidadan::Methinks the second one is 10-5
LeBron James For The Win::yes , my mistake
Bamm7272::Well, a few too many wins there :)
Yankees222223::they only have 21 wins. Did i read that wrong?
Yankees222223::Huh?
chip douglas unchained::heat wont win more than 2 titles in a row, only pjax teams do that
HeatLaughAtRegularSeason::she did. Le Asterisk is nba is the worst after getting BANNED this morning. Mods notified!
Mambaholic 33::Yea...never get to finials.....Than they will never get there again....Than they will never win a championship ... How well is that working for ya ?
Le Asterisk::one and done, book it
Bamm7272::I'm sure you booked OKC sweeping the Heat last year.
nidadan::Or teams with Bill Russell on them
Warriors.better.than.all.east.teams::U have a fake wannabe warriors fan trying to be a heat fan.  Heat fans have no integrity at all which is why u like the heat and the queen.  That's real talk.  How the hell can anyone look at themselves as a 1 to 2 year fan unless you are 1-2 years old??!
Skynet33::I'm glad to see more heat fans than trolls right now. We rule, not them. hahaha
Warriors.better.than.all.east.teams::Gay
HeatLaughAtRegularSeason::We OWN them  nba is the worst got banned this morning  LMAO at that TROLL LOSER
Bamm7272::It is hard to troll winning teams.
Skynet33::Lol
HeatLaughAtRegularSeason::however she came back with 2 other usernames
Bamm7272::She got banned? Lol.
nidadan::Celtics had the Heat's number last year in the regular season.  Then Lebron proceeded to commit r-a-p-e in the TD Bank Garden in the ECF.
Skynet33::Without Bosh.
LeBron James For The Win::with bosh , though his mins were limited
Warriors.better.than.all.east.teams::Heat fans are so gay. Such clowns. Just like the team itself.  1/2 championship and done.  East is like the development league Lol
Timmys Crossover136::Bucks 6-3 vs lebron led heat.   Still made finals both years. Right on schedule fellow heat fans
Bamm7272::I think our Golden State Warriors fan / Heat hater has been banned for his potty mouth.  Thank you mods. Now wait for the new profile, his second of 2013...
Yankees222223::ya he'll probably come back as a memphis fan
shoenice ate your dog::haters gon' hate
chip douglas unchained::wade needs to be better if the heat are going anywhere
Timmys Crossover136::Basically. No way around it
nidadan::You realize the Heat have won rebounding games despite being the worst rebounding team?  Case in point: They smoldered a Minnesota team playing the same kind of small-ball
Le Asterisk::twolves outrebounded them by 29 right
HeatLaughAtRegularSeason::Heat are the CHAMPIONS and in FIRST in the East!  Get LOST!
Skynet33::West coast fans they cocky with confidence..remember when u said OKC was gonna run over the heat and didn't have a chance, well the heat kicked their a.ss   Same old song and dance from last year.  Nobody wants to see the heat in the finals cuz they know the heat are top dogs.
Mambaholic 33::Seems to me some guy's by the name of Harden &amp; Lin were stopped like they got shoot
Timmys Crossover136::2011 heat had horrible losses and lost to horrible teams still made the finals.   2012 heat had horrible losses and lost to horrible teams still beat the bricks off the west best team.   12-13 heat had horrible losses and lost to horrible teams still best in the east.   Pushing through adversity is what the heat do.   Now cry some more please
shoenice ate your dog::remember when everyone was saying watch out for the grizzlies they might be the best team in the west this year hahahahahahahaha
HeatLaughAtRegularSeason::Note to NBA Mods. This user Le Asterisk is nba is the worst who was banned for trolling this morning however now is back trolling and breaking the TOS again.
shoenice ate your dog::4th in the west, idiot. pwned
Le Asterisk::http://espn.go.com/nba/standings/_/group/1  and? 6th best like i said
Le Asterisk::6th best record, 1-0 vs heat
HeatLaughAtRegularSeason::If you don't like the Heat then DON'T WATCH and also Get the Hell off the Heat boards you trolling lifeless loser!
Le Asterisk::?
HeatLaughAtRegularSeason::Here is another alias of nba is the worst who got BANNED this morning! Note to Mods!
Warriors.better.than.all.east.teams::Warriors have only lost 2 games in against the east .  Fuc man Miami sucks. Heat fans r even more gay than the queen.    Lol it must suc to be a clown Miami fan
shoenice ate your dog::miami defending champs golden state defending...nothing
LeBron James For The Win::West &gt; East   Miami &gt; every single team in the East and West
Warriors.better.than.all.east.teams::Ur about as dumb as LEQUEEN
Le Asterisk::Knicks, Clippers, Warriors disagree
chip douglas unchained::its a new year, heat have to prove it
LeBron James For The Win::They are , until someone prove otherwise
chip douglas unchained::lakers vs heat would be the best finals
Le Asterisk::for the heat, well except OKC would even be easier
nidadan::Bring back the Kobe-Lebron Puppets!
chip douglas unchained::yes!
Bamm7272::West is better than the East overall. We get that.  Miami is better than the East, #1 so far  Miami is better than the West, 11 - 3 record, so far...
Yankees222223::those are facts. How  could it be a fail, talk about bandwagon fans. Warriors fan really?
Warriors.better.than.all.east.teams::Fail
Bamm7272::That's the only comeback you have? Carry on.
