monkeysars4u::GO BULLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
johndaker55::Wow after the Bobcats game and Boston game, Bulls will have played 20 Road Games and 10 Home games.
tbomber2::yeah.  but then we get quite a few home games in a row (with days off in between all of them i think).  Should be good for practice and rest.
Magicmike321::How was the Will Farrol intro's?
johndaker55::Carlos Boozer - who still lives with his mother, Derrick Rose - favorite movie is the notebook
johndaker55::Hilarious. He actually ripped both teams too.
Erica6592::Again, the only thing I will say is this: The Heat are the best team ON PAPER! They are the most talented team in the NBA and should have no problem getting back to the finals right? As a Bulls fan I LOVE the fact that this team is the underdog! These so called experts are horrible at making perdictions at the begining of the season. NO ONE saw the MAVS coming. Honestly, I would not be surprised if the Bulls beat the Heat in a 7 game series! It would be the biggest upset of the year!
Erica6592::LOL You would be right!
Jaywashing::Biggest upset of the year: Bucks over Heat in the first round.
IlliniDave68::It'd be the funniest one, too!
Chi Town Stand Up::Heat fans lose so they come to our board to try to drag us down with them after a convincing win... Thoughts?
NotEvenMad::Same thing is going to happen here if the Bulls win a 'ship...   As in the bandwagonners from the heat will come here as soon as they smell success.
WhoaaaaBundy::They are here regardless of a win or a loss. They like attention. If they go on their board, no one will respond to their stupid posts. So they come here and try and get a rise out of Bulls fans.
shortmac2380::definition of a "heat"fan a person or persons who likes a popular team. example all heat fans were a celtic fan in 2008
Jamie5731::Heat fans dont exist
shortmac2380::LMAO
buzzard1022::Isnt she married to Lamar Odem?
shortmac2380::got a better chance of seeing bigfoot
Chi_Town_Sports 1085::What are Heat "fans"?
Chi Town Stand Up::I'm looking over the stats... Who the hell won us this game?
Chi Town Stand Up::Yeah, good points everyone
marten20::Rose didn't need to play 20 mins for the Bulls to beat the Hornets. They probably only started him so Will Farrell could announce him! haha
The_Ref_You_Love_To_Blame::I did, I'm the ref.
rynodesign::They were looking a little worn down last night. Almost done with the Road Trip.
shortmac2380::no one really didnt need to step up. its the hornets no disrespect to them but there not good
tbomber2::the new orleans hornets
johndaker55::Bulls 46% FG, Hornets 37% FG
tbomber2::it was just a solid <b>team</b> effort.  everybody had a decent game.
Chi Town Stand Up::lol. It seems like not a single person really showed up... I mean boozer was alright judging solely of his stats....
Chi Town Stand Up::*didn't watch also
FBZA::Boozer has been stepping it up when rose doesnt play his best
Jamie5731::He always shows up against the sub .500 teams. I expect him to have a good game on Friday also
WhoaaaaBundy::I just have a problem with his inability to step up against better teams.
Thunder90210::Well what do ya know, the Wizards aren't the worst team in the NBA after all...
IlliniDave68::Bandwagon Heat fans -  More lame than Tiny Tim Cratchett. More blind than Helen Keller. Dumber than Snooki. Stinkier than a dung pile in the hot sun.
IlliniDave68::I'd love to know just how many new profiles Heatster is forced to create, due to banning, per year. His current one is dated 2/7.
GrizzK4::Doesn't speak a lick of English but we love him anyway......Gustavo Ayon!!!!   Love Will Ferrell!
WhoaaaaBundy::"GOD DAM.MIT VAKIDIS, LEARN FUC.KING ENGLISH!" - Jackie Moon
WhoaaaaBundy::The same 5 Heat fans come in here and say the same sh.it over and over. Bulls fans then reply with the same sh.it. My dick is bigger than yours, no my dick is bigger than yours. Arent you guys bored of it yet? I dont know if there are Bulls trolls on the Heat boards, but you Heat fans are obnoxious. Assuming you have jobs. Do you just lick your chops all day and tell yourself "The Bulls have a game today. I cant wait to get home and go on their board and repeat myself over and over and over..."  1. D Flower and the Bulls lost to "the best team ever" in the ECF 2. Heat = Bulls daddy 3. Lebron &gt; Rose  I wouldnt mind it if the Heat and Bulls were playing each other. But its obvious that you idiots have an obsession.
YoungQuin88::Lmao smh. Its sucks cause I really amp myself up to debate about my bulls but then I say "its just gonna boil down to some stupid convo about the heat and sh.it. its so annoyin bro!
Nathan94713::At number one, his favorite movie is "The Notebook".........
Jaguarcrazyboy::Alright Bulls! This team is just playing great basketball. Solid offense with great D.GO BULLS!
bigjoel_2000::Forget Comedy Central... I come on this board everynight after a Bulls game and get all the laughs I need LOL. I swear some of these people (Heat trolls) need to get a life: seriously? Thoughts?
Jaguarcrazyboy::Heat trolls are as lame as comedy central actors too.
IlliniDave68::So true.
CHITOWNBULLS1991::Taking Care of Business!
ChicagoSportsFan2301::Looks like David Stern has proved once and for all that he's a worthless bag of rocks as the Hornets are 4-22
CGraceIII::Trade was never about this season for the Hornets
ChicagoSportsFan2301::Surprised he hasn't told his refs to give the Hornets the calls yet lol
boogettie::I guess that Stern will not win the GM of the year award.
caseydiff::Rose looks so miserable out there.  Let him rest for 3 weeks
zags 79::let him rest till boston sunday, I don't even know why they dragged him out there today
abenezer44::dam bulls take it easy dont be so ruthless
PekManiaTwinCities::Bulls Vs Thunder NBA Finals. Bulls take it in 6. Rose is MVP. You heard it hear first.
dajones34::I Think you're right...GO BULLS!!!!
dajones34::I Have to take a really huge HEATSTER in my LEBRON And Wipe My HASLEM With TOILET WADE PAPER and don't worry i will flush the BOSH down the SPOELSTRA. Should be enough WADE PAPER..If not i've got some BATTIER in the bathroom cubert.
BullsBearsSoxHawks::Yeah, the competition sucks but our best 2 players are banged up &amp; we got 9 straight games on the road so to be 5-2 in the 1st 7 games is straight up taking care of business. Good job, fellas
co kane::King d rose &gt;Queen Lebron James? First Princess Kobe Bryant&gt;Second Princess D wade&gt; Third Princess Dwight Howard
jcutler92::Heatster would you care to enlighten us on what happened to Lebron in the 3rd and 4th quarter?
GetOffMeDude::The Bulls are "coasting",  just waiting for the playoffs.
Madhouse_United::Charlotte then Boston coming up. 2-0 for those hopefully keep that NBA record of consecutive road wins with 20 + if i'm not mistaken. Good Stuff.
Oj7414::Lebron James Wouldve missed that game winner that Kevin Durant hit off the glass against the warriors last night.  Truth or not??
----Heatster.---::Ok, time to step away from the board. I have to go take a huge Rose and wipe my Noah, but don't worry I will flush the Boozer...Oh, I hope I didn't run out of Loul Deng paper, otherwise I would have to wipe my Thibodeau with something else  Keep it classy while I'm gone  Thoughts?  .
IlliniDave68::YAWN!     Anyone else feel like Bill Murray from Groundhog Day whenever this idiot posts?
rval0429::no need for any words.  I think you've proven to everyone..... you're a complete dumb*ss
Sean88142::Damn, I just pulled my Wade, while pulling a Delonte West, and then I finished up with her by doing a Lebron....she was unsatisfied.
GrizzK4::I used to do the Lebron to my girlfriend, but I found out I could never finish....
Madhouse_United::lol Your signature message
Madhouse_United::75 cent will have a clutch moment someday. (maybe not)
Playing2wintheGame::Only clutch moment LeBron will have is guarding Bosh' clutch of eggs
Madhouse_United::He'll find a way to screw that up.
You Cutler Me Up::he's a rapper now?
You Cutler Me Up::i
Madhouse_United::In his spare time I guess?
oldschool010::What’s the difference between Mike Tyson and Lebron?   Tyson never bit off more than he could chew
Sean88142::Tyson spits and Lebron swallows?
Oj7414::I know something Scalabrine, Adam Morrison, and Brian cardinal all have that Lebron doesnt.....  can anyone name what it is??
rval0429::a PEN IS and some BAL LS?
L E G O A T::the clutch gene?
Oj7414::It obviously cant be championships can it??
Madhouse_United::That goes without saying. Common sense bro.
Playing2wintheGame::hair?
oldschool010::Talent?
Madhouse_United::Charisma?
Playing2wintheGame::At least we have a counter troller. Mindless heat fan. thank you very much
rfolino08::Lebron James travels more in 48 minutes than I did in my entire career -Amelia Earhart
oldschool010::Why are Lebron's clothes always dirty?    His laundry machine requires 4 quarters
Space Bulls::Heat fan logic:  "Because the Heat won the playoff series last year, they are a lock to do it again"..  and that is why no one in sports is as stupid as a Heat "fan".
----Heatster.---::You should have heard Bulls' fans theory of being a lock to beat the Heat in the playoffs since the Bulls beat them 3-0 in the reg. season, that was quite hilarious  Who's with me?  .
IlliniDave68::YAWN!     Anyone else feel like Bill Murray from Groundhog Day whenever this idiot posts?
rval0429::The only response is the obvious one.  The Heat LOST in the finals.  Nuff said.
Space Bulls::I wish I would have heard that too.. I think its because that isn't true.  It's Bull's not Bulls' by the way.
Epicki::And now Heat fans are claiming that their team will beat the Bulls in the playoffs because the Heat beat them in the Reg. Season without Deng. That is hilarious.
Oj7414::He only post facts...
Madhouse_United::Although it is possible that it can happen again, that logic is by far the most ignorant in sports.
rfolino08::Lebron James: God, can I please win a ring to shut up all the haters?  Michael Jordan: No.
IlliniDave68::Good game, tonight Bulls! Keep rockin'!!!  Bulls fans, have a good night!  Heat trolls, kiss it!   I'm out!   GO BULLS!!!
Madhouse_United::Peace.
oldschool010::Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh are taking CPR classes this spring, just in case LeBron chokes again this post-season
Sean88142::Make sure to tell Bosh that they don't do Mouth-to-Mouth anymore. I know he was trying to save the floor's life in the Finals last year, but it just doesn't work.
IlliniDave68::BOOM!!!  Roasted.
Mike5366::Lol bulls fans actually think rip Hamilton will make a difference against the heat . My abs hurt from the laughter.
rval0429::no, your abs hurt cuz you've been puking every day since your suc*job Heat choked!
Sean88142::One problem? You need to have abs for them to hurt.
IlliniDave68::http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://hiphopwired.files.wordpress.com/2011/06/lossoftheringspic.jpg&amp;imgrefurl=http://hiphopwired.com/2011/06/13/%25E2%2580%2598the-loss-of-the-rings%25E2%2580%2599-and-other-hilarious-miami-heat-jokes-photos/&amp;h=304&amp;w=500&amp;sz=46&amp;tbnid=zUvWONtqqSBoOM:&amp;tbnh=74&amp;tbnw=122&amp;zoom=1&amp;docid=8x46V3rWWz3poM&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=hVszT5DAINPptgfV6ZGjAg&amp;ved=0CEEQ9QEwBQ&amp;dur=408
Space Bulls::No I think they hurt from getting beat up so much for being a punk.
Madhouse_United::Curry Anthony and Cole are to be feared huh pffffffffft
Epicki::Why can't he make a difference?
Oj7414::I noticed that the Heat cant stop the Three point Shot. The Warriors this year, The magic tonight, Dallas in the Finals. and most importantly, Brandon Jennings.  Truth or not??
Madhouse_United::Oj7414 Drake says the Miami Heat are the Greatest team of all time. Michael Jordan Says the 96 Bulls.   Is Drake Correct? -------------------------------------- And that is why mainstream modern rap is in the downward spiral that it has been for a while now. Typical heat fan :)
Oj7414::i questioned drakes thought process, thats why i shared that......
Madhouse_United::Well I made my own point. U MAD?
sverney@gmail.com::Bulls Sting Hornets  http://www.thewindyapple.com/2012/02/09/bulls-sting-hornets/
----Heatster.---::D.Roses are g.ay  violets are blue  Bulls are a joke  And Bulls fans too    Thoughts?   .
Sean88142::I'm sure you wish D-Rose was gay.
Space Bulls::Heat lost because Magic were the better team, not because of lucky 3 point shots.
IlliniDave68::YAWN!     Anyone else feel like Bill Murray from Groundhog Day whenever this idiot posts?
Madhouse_United::8/10 for use of poetry
Mike5366::Sup bulls fans. Ready to get whooped by the heat again in the ecf?
rval0429::You ready to watch the Heat choke under the pressure again?  When the Heat have won 6 championships, gimme a call, until then, shut your lazy fat *ss up and sit down B*tch
IlliniDave68::Get past Milwaukee, first. Then, we'll talk.
rfolino08::About time you came out of the closet!
Madhouse_United::*Flamers
oldschool010::Why did Lebron James choose not to go to College?   Lebron likes to avoid finals
IlliniDave68::(SNIFF SNIFF)  I smell s.hit!  Wait. Never mind.  It's just that new Heat fan smell.
rfolino08::Michael Jordan flu game: 38 points  Dirk Nowitzki fever game: 21 points  Lebron James healthy game: 8 points
oldschool010::Why does Lebron James drive an automatic car?   He cant handle a clutch
Sean88142::Yeah, but his mom sure can.
Madhouse_United::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJcR5SHFcEM Lebron cartoon about post finals syndrome.
Madhouse_United::"It was probably my favorite North American Predatorial cat" lol
Epicki::Ha! Funniest thing I've seen all day. :)
Maverick Man 33::3 solid plays for today!! picks were 5-1 for wednesday email me if interested: bakkerwillson@gmail.com
