Tony::I have some advice for Thomas Robinson, if he wants to make it in this league as a consistent reserve or down the road starter, he needs to get every dvd, videotape, etc. of the 90's era Blazers and watch everything Jerome Kersey did. When Kersey first got into the league he didn't have much of an outside game and he was a relatively undersized forward, but he had something a lot of these guys coming into the league don't have, and that is a tenacious way of playing ball. Remember, he was a second round pick (46th from a Division 2 school), so he had to play his way into the league. Robinson is very athletic, but I watch him  play and he just stands and watches the action go by instead of diving headfirst into it. If the two prior teams had seen the drive in Robinson that we saw in Kersey, there is no way he would have been traded so quickly. Now that the Blazers have him, here is a wonderful teaching moment for a guy who I believe can make it in the league, but he needs to learn how to play a true small forward position. Whoever listed him at 6'10" either can't read a tape measure, or someone lied through their teeth. He is maybe 6'7", about the same height and weight as Kersey, who is one of my favorite Blazers of all time. Robinson was drafted 5th, now it's time for him to prove he was worth that pick. Watch tapes of Kersey and the way his motor ran from the time the game started till the time it ended. Work on your 15 foot jump shot until your arms are numb. Above all, become a part of the game, not a spectator to it. I have watched him closely the last few games and he looks lost at times. If he makes it in this league that is entirely up to him. But if he wanted a role model to mold his game after, Kersey is the guy.
Patrick Quinn::Hey Bob, Bennett really isn't much of a factor in the Cavs team. And they don't suck. They have under-performed and will improve as the season goes on. The same will not be the case for the Blazers. A six place finish in the conference will be considered a success by the end of the year. Watch and see.
Tex Rubinstein::Portland needs to come out and dominate this game early. Get the win and get some rest for the starters and playing time for the bench. They have a tough stretch coming up. Playing San Antonio, Dallas, Houston and OKC in a 5 day span will be tough. If they are coming off a loss to Cleveland, it'll be that much tougher. Stay focused and play greedy like every game is a "must win".
Dennis::Shooting percentage.Nice job Portland.
1blazermaniac4ever::bingo bango bongo Rip City !!!! lets get the win. GO BLAZERS!!!
Little Mac::go blazers! RIP CITY!! maybe they will play mccollum and lillard together. i'd like to see that happen.
Scott::It amazes me how many trolls the Cavs have following them!
LeBlow Job James::Deng played 39 minutes, coach Thibs would have said, Deng didn't  play enough.
Trace Mann::RIP CITY!!!!!!!!!!  for the WIN!
Jeff L::Fire Mike Brown!!
