Randy Dixon::The wolves need to just trade love he's a complete loser...Love gets on his team mates for sulking but thats because they have to play with his bum A$$
Harold Nations::but since he's lost so much weight at least he's not a fat A$$ anymore!
Ronald Porupsky::Top 5 scoring and rebounds, so terrible.
Taylor Manes::Trade him to the bulls I wouldn't mind having Kevin love XD...even though it probably would never happen..
Jeremy Lugo::GOOOOO!!!!! SPURS!!!!! GOOOOO!!!!
Franz Atencia::Tim Duncan > Kevin Love
Jeffrey Reed::Go Wolves! :)
Stefon Catalina::Expect a double digit lead by the Wolves going into the 4th result in a 3 point loss.
Keith Rhodes::Anyone else miss all the Wolves fans' cat pictures from the old boards?
Stefon Catalina::Nope. Screw those kitties.
Luke Zacharias::<-------Meow
Andrew Wolf::I still use my cat picture
Shaun Mitts::3-14?? wow. and he has the nerve to call out his teammates?  Love just cant lead a team over the hump.
Steven Rivera::Love, Joe Johnson, Josh Smith, Dwight, Lin, D-Will, Overrated Superstars
Adam Youman::lin is not a superstar
Taylor Manes::Dwight overrated...are you kidding me....top five centers in the league 1Hilbert 2 Dwight 3 Noah 4Duncan  5Cousins I know spurs fans will disagree with my list..Lol..so don't read..lol
Mike Wagener::Wolves are always a tough matchup for the Spurs.  GO SPURS!
David Andaya Palafox::Says none ever!
Mike Wagener::Not tonight thats for sure
Derrick Alderete::David Andaya Palafox I like how you post that end of game.  Last game we only won by 7 and last year was give and take with losses to them.
Brian Johnson::Please get rid of JJ the guy is a gunner!  Comes down and shoots way too much for a point guard....who is a backup.  Can't defend, too many turnovers.  Shved is better as primary ball handler and you have a shooter like Budinger who doesn't see the ball cuz JJ guns.  He is easily one of the most selfish players ever and he's a backup.  Plus anytime he misses or turns it over he complains to the ref if an opposing player is within 4 feet of him.
Joe Coburn::I could not agree with you more, the guy is garbage and Lexi needs to be ball handler to be effective.
Duy Dinh::totally agree! trade barea stupid and selfish player
Martin Diaz::nba games are fixed by Vegas casinos. The refs are involve in the scheme ....  nitramzaid@hotmail.com
Harold Nations::has any other teams failed so many times, in a single season, to make it to 0.500?
Ana Camara::Wolves havent beat the spurs since they had kevin Garnett spurs win by 7
Cam Perry::are you serious? could of swore they have beating us since then
Derrick Alderete::We lost to them last year, I believe our last game
Christopher Couser Dc::Good win Spurs!..hope MG is doing ok.
Fjodor Balla::Love got outplayed by a 37 yrs old Duncan lol
Keith Rhodes::Even worse, by a 6'8" fat Frenchman and the Sandwich Hunter.
Nash Middleton::Keith Rhodes Diaw is a chubby dude but he's a really elusive player.  Still excellent on D (for some reason).
Andrew Wolf::Wolves are a team now.  Watch out rest of NBA!
Joel Bastareche::spurs will win!
Emil E. Matula III::GO SPURS!!
Blixa Ridgeback::GOOOOOO SPUUUUURS GOOOOOO ! ! ! !
John Halford::Go Spurs GO
Joe Lotus::I'm becoming more and more of a spurs fan as time goes on, I don't really care that they lost last year, and I understand all the things the detractors (haters) say, still, they are one of the most amazing franchises ever (especially with this team and going back to the admiral). I feel that Tony Parker is the best PG in the game, and Tim Duncan seems to get no love, but to me, he is the face of the generation (not just Kobe). Tim has done all he's done with a quiet, stoic poise, and he will go down as one of the top 3 PF in the league as far as I'm concerned. To all the people out there who say he's so far past his prime, I argue that he has adapted and is STILL doing things that most young guys can't manage to do for 2-3 years...let alone 16.
Jesse Huber::I have stayed true to my pledge: I will not watch the Wolves until they win 5 games by 4 points or fewer... I've considered adding a caveat to my pledge though. I think I should start watching again if the Wolves can get 5 games over .500, because in order to do that they'll have to actually beat some good teams. I think my pledge is still pretty safe in terms of me not having to waste any time in the near future (or perhaps even distant future) watching this team.
Devin Baranick::You probably wont watch again all season then. See you Fall 2014 :)
Shawn Davis::Wolverine fans.  Your PG sucks. In today's NBA,  your PG better put up buckets. Who can Rubio guard?  He might have a great assist game, but that is about it. Problem is, he can't shot over the rim or under the rim. This guy is garbage. You had Ty Lawson, you traded him. Trey Burke,  you traded him. You kept that Rubio.  Rubio, should be in the D league developing a jump shot. He has been a pro since he was 16, if it ain't come now, it's not going to come.
Srecko Vukovich::San Antonio Spurs just keep going and going ,and going  Incredible & remarkable durability & consistency  .
Brian Robbins::Too bad Minnesota does not have a decent PG. They could probably slip into the playoffs with a journeyman starter.
Adam Youman::ricky rubio is a decent pg. he just cant score.
David Andaya Palafox::How is that decent?
Adam Youman::David Andaya Palafox because you dont have to be a good scorer to be decent? jesus why does everyone think scoring is the only important thing in basketball these days
