teach2002::advice for the chicago bulls  trade EVERY player except Rose and Butler   sign the BIG3  win championships  REPEAT!
Johnny B Goode 2001::Advice for you:  Shut the F&amp;@K up!
CrabtreeWasHeld::Come to Golden State E. Gordon....we are ready for the Curry Gordon Era to begin..Welcome to the B. Area...we love you.
ginblossoms1972::using this bet system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. In my first month of using this system I made almost  $3,000 profit.  If you like to bet sports I recommend this system to anyone that is tired of not winning your sports bets. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google if you search the term Sports Betting Systems.
fandanimal1::let's dial back on the jimmy butler band wagon.nice player but has limitations
Jaywashing::Good rebounder for the position--offensively, at least--and a great defender; good finisher; draws fouls; hits his free throws; is developing a shot. I like his potential.
Bulls.Sox.Bears.Hawks.::NEVER, he just needs a stable jumpshot, let him work on his game in the off season, never know
DatGuy8921::He has potential, but he just needs time to work on his game.
Hawks_Bulls_Cubs_Bears::Let's go Bulls!
Wolfy_Pants::would you rather be the 4th seed and have a home court advantage in the first round.. or 6th seed and not have home court.. but dont have to see the heat potentially in the 2nd round??
Rossi46Doctor::Another win for the BULLS.  Who needs the Medium 3?  We have RINGS
Theironrod2012::Austin Rivers, dont u ever say Derrick Rose is your favorite player and not lebron. You will now come off the bench for the rest of your career lol   - Stern
Bulls.Sox.Bears.Hawks.::where did he say that lol?
msacks::Best game for Nazr Mohammed in a year.  Of course, 4 points and 0 fouls in six minutes isn't something to be excited about for most players, but for Mohammed, it's monumental.
Drose will win another MVP::why don't the bulls just trade Boozer and Rip for Lebron, seems fair.
Kobes_been_bricking_since_96::I think the Heat might be getting too much though.
Jesus loves you and so do i::robinson for the bucks C samuel D
Jesus loves you and so do i::move vlad  and rip to denver for mozgov
For the kickout::I approve this post.
Jesus loves you and so do i::or does ur mom trim ur pubic hair?
Drose will win another MVP::ask any Juan.
Drose will win another MVP::Jesus mows my lawn, true story.
Flying Through Madison Street::HeyZuus mows your lawn
Point center::Thibs has some tough decisions to make wen rosé returns Does Nate become a non factor Do Marco or Jimmy's playing time vanish. I know he doesn't like going small but putting deng at the four for strecthes .allows jimmy to get more time. Marco has to play IMO his scoring is to important. Trading rip will solve a lot of these problems
Rook_217::Why not keep rip and send Teague to d league.  Bulls have plenty of point guards already.
Flying Through Madison Street::Jimmy playing time will not decrease thibs will not play hinrich at the two everyones time will stay the same except hinrich nate and teague
Point center::Yeh man I see jimmy getting worked out the rotation. It sux but I just don't see wer his mins are gonna com
Flying Through Madison Street::Point center - Don't u watch Chicago tribune live  Yeah but I missed it today
Point center::Don't u watch Chicago tribune live
Flying Through Madison Street::Point center - At the five on five today they had Kirk and rosé playing together with Kirk at the 2  Ok where did you find that out?
Jaywashing::Yeah, I'd expect to see a lot of Rose-Kirk pairings in games; Rose would seem to do well alongside a smart ballhandler.
Point center::At the five on five today they had Kirk and rosé playing together with Kirk at the 2
Point center::Unless we trade rip. Which is what I hope that happens. And even then I see Kirk playing the two,down the stretch with rosé at point.
Point center::Okay so rosé comes back. Rosé rip deng Booz Noah start First off the bench Marco and taj for rip and Booz Then well get Kirk in for rosé for about six mins Then maybe jimmy In for five mins for deng. And I have to believe that rip will play more mins as we get closer to the playoffs. I see jimmy getting ten mins tops per game
ScalabrineSwag::G2g...see you guys Thurs
Jordan Pippen Scalabrine::Oh sh*t, I forgot to interview any reputable sources for my story. Looks like it's time to make something up and just claim to have an anonymous source  -Chris Broussard 5 minutes before a dealine.
Jordan Pippen Scalabrine::Oh sh*t, I forgot to interview any reputable sources for my story. Looks like it's time to make something up and just claim to have an anonymous source  -Chris Broussard 5 minutes before a dealine.
elonich29::I bet tbomber is that guy who coaches six-year-olds at the YMCA and furiously runs them because they lack "proper fundamentals" and they "know nothing about basketball."  Then, after winning his first game 22-18, he taunts the other coach for his lack of a strong basketball IQ. This coach, of course, is a kid's dad who has played basketball twice, but chooses to focus more on his medicinal career rather than sports.
tbomber2::cool story bro
StopthePlay::wat
elonich29::This is really specific. I hope it's correct.
Flying Through Madison Street::Do you think we will make a deal at the trade deadline?
Bryce2790::Bargnani stays getting hurt
Jaywashing::I've been reading some stuff about Boozer being the "most likely" candidate to be moved--which would probably entail Bargnani--but I don't quite buy it. Maybe they dump Rip off for peanuts, though of course everyone wants a backup C.
ScalabrineSwag::hopefully not the bargani for boozer deal.
DatGuy8921::Eric Gordon's injury history says no to that.
Flying Through Madison Street::ScalabrineSwag - but can we trust barnani to be consistent in the playoffs? i mean has he even ever been in the playoffs  True but I have a ? for you would you move carlos boozer for eric gordon?
ScalabrineSwag::but can we trust barnani to be consistent in the playoffs? i mean has he even ever been in the playoffs
Flying Through Madison Street::ScalabrineSwag - see it is a big IF. I mean boozer is playing well right now...why dont we stick with what we have rather than go with the unpredictable.  Because Boozer being consistant especially in the playoffs is even more unpredictable
ScalabrineSwag::see it is a big IF. I mean boozer is playing well right now...why dont we stick with what we have rather than go with the unpredictable.
Flying Through Madison Street::Lol people will love bargnani if he goes back to the way he played the year before last
Jordan Pippen Scalabrine::Oh sh*t, I forgot to interview any reputable sources for my story. Looks like it's time to make something up and just claim to have an anonymous source  -Chris Broussard 5 minutes before a dealine.
Jordan Pippen Scalabrine::Oh sh*t, I forgot to interview any reputable sources for my story. Looks like it's time to make something up and just claim to have an anonymous source  -Chris Broussard 5 minutes before a dealine.
tbomber2::chris broussard:  eyewitness reports that it's hard to see in the dark
Point center::So who loses ther spot in the rotation wen rosé is back. I hope not jimmy but I fear that's who it's gonna be
Jaywashing::Hard to find a spot for Nate. Kirk/Rose will also see time together in small lineups, so that might push Marco out a bit, too. I'd like Deng to NOT play 40 minutes, since Jimmy obviously can contribute, but that's Thibs' guy, so I don't know.
tbomber2::ok you want to have real bball talk?  even though you clearly know NOTHING, i'll entertain this.
youvebeen_a_dropout_eversinceyouvebeen_17::tbomber2 - you whine about no bball talk but you are so $@%!$@% uninformed that you don't even know what you're saying  you are an extremely knowledgeable individual.  you are sooooo smart about "bball talk."  you must not have much of a life if disagreeing with others' opinions with such emotion makes you feel like you're okay.
tbomber2::you whine about no bball talk but you are so $@%!$@% uninformed that you don't even know what you're saying
tbomber2::no i'm totally serious.  if you think butler is out then you're a freaking moron.  he's the 2nd most promising player on the team after rose.  it will almost certainly (regrettably) be nate robinson, since his contract was a temporary deal to begin with.
Point center::You're a clown
ScalabrineSwag::when rose comes back the starting line-up will be:  rose rip deng boozer noah
Point center::I'm more worried about who finishes than who starts.
tbomber2::LOL ARE YOU KIDDING???  AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
ScalabrineSwag::Hear me out on this: i think that what the bulls do at the trade deadline will be a good indication if rose comes back this year or not. If we trade Robinson or another one of our PGs then Rose is probably coming back soon. If we keep all three Rose wont come back soon bc why would we need 4 PGs?
tbomber2::see i read that the bulls have no interest in bargnani whatsoever, and that trade doesnt work due to the contracts.
tbomber2::yeah im not buying that.
rosebeckham::The bulls are the ones that offered the trade
mccoywajmu::i dont think so...i mean unless you think someone is giving up a big for nate robinson i doubt they are getting a big..they wont trade teague for a rental and wont trade kirk because they think he can be a big part of the team next year
elonich29::To run the four PG set, obviously. Do you know how well we'll pass?
Point center::I read that a deal for Booz and Nate for bargs And jl3 is on the table raps just have to accept
ScalabrineSwag::if that freaking go through i will be so ticked at bulls ownership.
elonich29::My cat just laid on my neck.
klk82693::Shoulda named em the New Orleans Crawdads
elonich29::CHris Broussard Tweeted that North Korea is a stable, well-run country.
klk82693::"According to mah sourcez, Dawayne Wade wuz seen takin a showa wit LaBron Jamez"
tbomber2::ACCORDING TO EYEWITNESSES
Joe Garnett::<b>New Orleans Pelicans... Well, pack your bags to Sacramento because this team is outta here.</b>
NolaJag::They're signed until 2024 to be in new Orleans. Nice try though
Jordan Pippen Scalabrine::Chris Broussard reports that Mitt Romney is thrilled to be U.S. president
ScalabrineSwag::when is the trade deadline.
Jaywashing::2pm Thursday, I believe.
Drose will win another MVP::12pm Pacific standard time.
mccoywajmu::3pm eastern time
Jaywashing::central time
elonich29::Chris Broussard reporting that David Stern may be named NBA Commissioner in the upcoming days.
ScalabrineSwag::Kirk Hinrich is the glue that holds the bulls together. I never appreciated his value until he got injured for those 7 games.
Point center::Idk about that but not having  Nate getting abused by pgs is a great sight
ScalabrineSwag::yeah that is why he is perfect coming off the bench and went like 2-5 as a starter.
mccoywajmu::nate sucks on d but we already knew that just needs to be a spark on offense
ScalabrineSwag::ik nate sucks at d
mccoywajmu::he aint capt kirk for no reason
Jordan Pippen Scalabrine::Chris Broussard reports that the Orlando Magic plan to trade Dwight Howard to the Nets before the deadline.
InRihannasGut::peace out!
ExpensivePrice::game is over i miss it ahhhh glad bulls won lol
tbomber2::CHRIS BROUSSARD REPORTS THAT AN EYEWITNESS READ PEOPLE'S MAGAZINE WHICH CLAIMS LINDSAY LOHAN SNORTED COCAINE OFF A BABY
tbomber2::ive never seen you on a bulls board before, so frankly, everything you're saying is a bunch of BS to begin with.
Point center::This is what I'm talking bout Thers absolutely no bball discussions on bulls boards anymore
tbomber2::your internet standards are WAY too high.
Point center::I know that, But usually after games is wen we talk bball But lately these boards have been shi
Jordan Pippen Scalabrine::thats all ESPN boards, welcome to the internet.
Point center::U have no argument Man U just talk shi And bring nothing to the convo
InRihannasGut::go to rapid reaction
tbomber2::"deng should shoot 20 a night" is not bball discussion, thats you being stupid
tbomber2::CHRIS BROUSSARD TWEETS HE SAW AN EYEWITNESS LOOKING AT A SOURCE'S EMAIL SENT FROM AN EYEWITNESS TO JOSH SMITH'S AGENT.  HAWKS EXPRESSING INTEREST IN TRADING JOSH SMITH FOR D-ROSE!  EXTRA EXTRA READ ALL ABOUT IT
tbomber2::GET THE INSIDE SCOOP @CHRISBROUSSARDHERPADERP
InRihannasGut::EXTRA EXTRA EXTRA
tbomber2::oh i get it.  you're mad cuz i made fun of imbeciles who treat chris broussard tweets as information
tbomber2::EXTRA EXTRA
InRihannasGut::EXTRA
d rose will rise::extra
d rose will rise::extra
d rose will rise::extra fail
d rose will rise::Eric Gordon play a 2?
InRihannasGut::yea
Point center::Broussard is a joke. Kc Johnson is the real dude to follow for rosé updates
InRihannasGut::lol
Beast at Hindsight 2005 2.0::true facts, Broussard is the worst trade/player rumor journalist on espn
Point center::I'm singling out deng becuz he has the potential
InRihannasGut::Eyewitness at D Rose's first 5-on-5 practice Monday said Rose looks "ready to go." Said Rose looks like he's able to play in games. -Chris Broussard
tbomber2::who among us could honestly go to such a practice and be able to tell whether he was ready to go or not.  hes a superstar athlete, even at 50% he looks "ready to go" to you or me.
hofmvp::ya but its broussard
mccoywajmu::really i never questioned if rose would return this year...the kid is just being careful and i understand put it all to the side he has ALOT of money on the line...he needs to be right but i hope he returns...im not mad if he doesnt but i hope he does
714cubbie25::check out what Chris Broussard just tweeted bulls fans!!
Jordan Pippen Scalabrine::The best way to stay informed about the NBA is to read Chris Broussard's stories, then believe the exact opposite of what he says.
Jordan Pippen Scalabrine::this statement is so true, ESPN automatically posted it twice.
Jordan Pippen Scalabrine::The best way to stay informed about the NBA is to read Chris Broussard's stories, then believe the exact opposite of what he says.
geeman217::read-em twice??
Jordan Pippen Scalabrine::Good game Bulls, I'm off to try to find some good p0rn
philyeagles5x86::pornhub is down. dont know what to tell ya.
InRihannasGut::homegrownfreaks, check that out. some ghetto shid up there. lol
InRihannasGut::homegrownfreaks . net
philyeagles5x86::why does Hinrich start?
kwhitegocubs::Because he plays incredible defense, even though he's forgotten how to shoot at this stage of his career.
philyeagles5x86::just seems robinson played well in his place.
kwhitegocubs::Because he plays incredible defense, even though he's forgotten how to shoot at this stage of his career.
philyeagles5x86::honest question just wanted to know
Rose MVP CHI::bulls are 27-14 with hinrich and 4-8 without him
tbomber2::owned?
Point center::Deng should just pretend like its melo guarding him every game.
Point center::If deng  isn't aggressive now. Just think how he'll be wen rosé is back. It'll be the same old shi relying on rosé to create everything
ChiTown3452::Why are people liking this post?
ChiTown3452::hahaha
Point center::It's true bro. Y can't we have real convos on this board  Everybody just wants to talk shi And not about bball
tbomber2::dunno, i think the guy is retraded
tbomber2::yeah if deng was any good he would have scored 20 tonight
geeman217::Thanks for your insight-   Koka Roach...
InRihannasGut::Nazr needs more minutes, he shot 2-2 from the field, 4 points and 2 rebounds in 6 minutes. play that man thibs! lol
tbomber2::nazr doesnt get playing time because normally he misses those shots and commits bad fouls
tbomber2::i think you were totally serious until i threw some facts your direction
InRihannasGut::LOL. im just joking around, but forreal, i think he should play more. taj fouls a lot also, it dont matter.
tbomber2::NINETEEN PERCENT
InRihannasGut::NO HE DOESNT
tbomber2::HIS FG% IS 19%!!! NINETEEN!!!
tbomber2::YEH HE DO
InRihannasGut::no he dont
Point center::Noah playing 40 mins against the hornets is not gonna help us in the long run
ChiTown3452::No Asik to back him up this year
geeman217::38 minutes...
geeman217::Never knew asking a ref- "What did I do"  would get you a "T"???  D-Wade should lead the league then
