eggsngrits@aol.com::Gotta give a shout to Festus Ezeli off the bench with 5 boards and 3 points.  Pretty good for the first NBA of your rookie season.  Well done, Fez!
evanzamir::Where is the play-by-play?
Dkhoury00::anybody know why wesley johnson did not play?
Noondog112378::starver sold draft picks for $$$???  cant figure
vusani::1st place!
longgrassgrows::is it too early to say the Dubs have the best bench in the league...yeah...it probably is...but i still believe it
thetemo::Bahahahahha you San Fran fans are so $@%!$@% delusional.
shanefalco70::After an NFC Championship game and a second World Series victory in three years, San Francisco fans are not delusional.  The 49ers are headed back to the playoffs, and if hockey ever gets off the ground, the Sharks have been perennial contenders.  What region had it better?  Outside of Boston, nobody.
ek1021::Actually, the Warriors are from Oakland... but thanks for trying. I'm sure the effort was tremendous on your part
phunky58::i really hope what happened with beasley last night (not gettin enuff minutes)  isnt the norm.  he is definitely the go to guy on that team.  and imo is in the perfect situation to have a huge year for the first time in his nba careeer.   i watched him a couple days ago play and he lit it up and did it was such ease. he can play cmon Gentry!
brun0293::As a Wolves fan, I will tell you now to forget about Beasley. He will play incredible just often enough to give person hope, but he will follow it with a lot of games like this one.  He was given every opportunity this past couple seasons to be something in Minnesota and he played interested about 2 or 3 times a month.  I won't even start with Wes Johnson
MrMet0197::Too many fouls u think idk didn't watch
ClayGold::Warriors should trade Curry while he still has value
phunky58::they already signed him 4 yrs. 40+ million
gretzkysyotes::15,678 for the opener in Phoenix.........Sarver's wallet looks like it's going to hurt this year.
Does Wayne Brdy Hfta Djokovic::The Nash effect
TARHEEL064::Kendall couldn't get of the bench for the Suns.  He's going to have to work really hard to get minutes.  He can't stay in front of any PG in this league.  Very difficult to create his own shot.  He'll be in the d-league by January if he can't get off the bench.
jeff050578::Thanks for  Landry, Rush and Jack. Golden States bench saved them last night.
btl79::David "Black-hole" Lee played a great game last night; he couldn't have forced his game more offensively.  Curry had a terrible shooting night and did next to nothing to facilitate an offense and involve his teammates.  Too much dribbling and one-on-one from the Warriors offensively...
ek1021::That's the coach's fault. He needs to utilize the players he has more effectively that better suits their talent
Carrboroheel::Why did HBarnes start and only play 14 min?
ek1021::That's because Rush played well enough to stay
TARHEEL064::Exactly...he got no run!!!  Not bad for only 14 minutes; would probably have scored in double figures if minutes were increased.
blakjak1298::its ok suns u will get the next one
Jholt012::Warriors need to play Bazemore...
tomcghee::nice playing warriors, scored like 40 points in the last 30 minutes. impressive. that's really  BAD. boring like the rest of the non scoring teams in the league
Why. Why God. Why did you cancel iCarly::bogut mvp
Jmak608::Bogut MVP? As long as there's black athletes i think we can assure that there is no MVP in Boguts future
jeff050578::Dont forget K Love is an elite mvp player. He could win it if the wolves have a good record. And good call on Nash and Dirk Hoofhearted30
hoofhearted30::Seriously? You just started watching this NBA thing? Look up the names Nash and Nowitzki....
leggosuns1969::Been using this  bet system called SportsBettingstar for two months. In just 60 days I have turned $2000 that I started with and have more than doubled it. I am still in shock at how well this system works since it looked bogus when I first started. I found it on the front page of Google by searching the term Sports Betting System.  I strongly recommend this system to anyone out there that likes to bet on sports.
Go UW Huskies1::Phoenix lost the game with its inability to make an open 3 pointer. I was at the game. I would know. 4-21? They will do better than that on average.
ek1021::Same can be said with Curry and Lee shooting a low percentage and still manage to win..
cobra7282::The Suns played good D for a good amount of that game especially on Curry and missed a lot of wide open looks at 3.
longgrassgrows::you would know because you were at the game...why would that benefit you in determining something like that
arizonasportsman::Just the opening game of the season.
ermag2000::the refs played a role with the suns losing
ek1021::Such as?
GeorgeTownMan29::Landry adding some much needed toughness down low. Still dont like the dubs front court depth
caseygreer2::Did I really just read that the Warriors two best offensive players just went 4-30, and they STILL won?! This makes me kinda scared of Golden State
needlza1m::Not even a sellout on opening night. What a joke the Suns are. Great W Warriors.
longgrassgrows::i know Warriors starters had a terrible night...but you have to think they will get it together...the real uplifting thing to be taken away from this game, Warriors got a bench...a good one
Sports follower::We as a team need learn not to fall so in love with the 3 point shot. (Especially you 2,Morris and Dragic.)
AfterFurtherReviewTheRulingStandsTheseRefsSuck::Way to go Klay! Leading all starters in scoring with 16, second overall. Best player to come out of Wazzu in awhile.
arizonasportsman::Tucker can ball.
arizonasportsman::Suns might have two lottery picks this summer :)
Sports follower::As bad as a night can get. The $@%!$@% Spurs won and the Suns lost. This Halloween was all trick and no treat.
cobra7282::The Lakers lost though :)
IAmYourNeighbor::Suns fans - What do you all think about Markieff Morris?
needlza1m::A total grot with a bad attitude
arizonasportsman::A developing rookie.
hokienation135::<b> Warriors bench had 47 points...damn son</b>
MontanaAggie::LOTS of ex Rockets playing here tonight  Carl Landry Luis Scola Goran Dragic
JimHarbaughDoesItAgain_1::I think it was a mistake giving curry that extension so soon, at least see him play and prove the ankle wont be problems
BayAreaSportsFan16::today was the deadline to give 1st rd picks from the 09 draft an extension. curry, though oft-injured is a very good player when healthy. i can see y they gave him the extension
supe540::What decade was it when the W's last had a game and a half lead on the Lakers?
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::u go to the parade?
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::no not this year.. i was a bit more of a distant observer this year for some reason.  2010 was when I was real hardcore lol
supe540::Had to work.  U?
arizonasting13::I miss the good old 132-125 double OT Suns-Warriors games. Always a shootout.
arizonasportsman::Thats when both teams shot first and asked questions later.
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::what are you talking about?? Double OT?  That was a regulation score 3-4 years ago
arizonasting13::haha true
junoNCAL::i dont. thats when we sucked (except before 2009)
49ers9::you act as if there was a span of time in recent history when we didn't suck
arizonasting13::well that was when we were really  good, so I do. haha
Frank9672::Stephen Curry really showed why he deserved that contract.
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::enlighten us East Coast guru
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::Suns Defense was just smothering today And IMO part of the reason that Lee/Curry DIDN"T get any clean looks all night.  Saying all that, for the most part, Warriors 2nd unit &gt;&gt; Suns 2nd unit (except for that stretch in the 3rd quarter) BUT if Suns would actually run a semblance of an offense late INSTEAD of settling for 3's we may be looking at an opening season loss.  I'll take it though
JimHarbaughDoesItAgain_1::man fellas, winning a ugly game. That never happens, i'll take it. Look for anything positive. Rebounded well
WFan5::defense and bogut played a little. gg
JimHarbaughDoesItAgain_1::he was affective IMO. Clogged the middle well and made some nice moves to the hoop. Curry and lee were non existent. And we still somehow came out on top. I mean curry missing those free throws capped off his night
FORKWDEVIL::Goran should have shot it last second.
UnRino::The Suns really suck now.  Its just a shame how Robert Sarver &amp; Co have completely ruined this franchise.. My hope is that they go 0-82, everyone stops going to games, no one buys Suns gear, the Corporate Sponsorship all leaves and Sarver is forced to sell to someone who can change the culture back to what it was when Colangelo was here.  Gentry is a good coach but Sarver is going to fire him and replace him with someone worst.  My fear is that they'll win just enough games to keep from getting the really great guys in the draft.  Sarver needs to go.  Let the revolt begin!
FORKWDEVIL::thats a  buzzkill
arizonasting13::Beasley needs to step up if we want to go anywhere. We should've won this game easily.
ek1021::I don't think the Suns could've won this game "easily." The Warriors could've won "easily" had Bogut played more than 19 mins (health considered), Curry &amp; Lee shoot a better percentage. So I don't see where you get that idea from..
WFan5::easily down by 17?
WFan5::hard to come back from that much and still win jus sayin
arizonasting13::yes. We were up 7 at one point and a couple of big shots that we missed could've easily put it away in the beginning of the 4th
sportzgenius48::suns are underrated and can play very good defense and beasely was not playing in the 4th q but if he can have 20 and 7 season along with scola and dragic the suns can be alot better then the experts think without nash
dreamhax::HOLY $@%!&gt; James Harden killed it tonight for Houston.
WarriorsWarrior::Won WITH OUT curry!
thaisport_sf::I was too lazy to go after waking up late. Went to the 2010 one though. I did watch it online though.
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::did u go to the parade
WarriorsWarrior::Had to work. But I was close. you?
WFan5::despite*
thaisport_sf::Holy Cow... The Warriors WON!?! This has been a great week in Bay Area Sports!
WFan5::Landry and Rush saved the Warriors tonight
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::"Never Say Die"-Bruce Bochy, Tonight's Warriors
Francour7ATL::Lee is a monster
dreamhax::Rush should be starting.
ek1021::I rather have Rush come off the bench. He can be an effective scorer and be a veteran presence on the floor  for the second unit when he plays.
oOARaiderOo::Possible 6th man award winner right there.
GhotStruck::A scrappy SF is not really what you need... You need points from that position
