Mr. Multiple ID Troll::I think I'll go have a beef and bean burrito. In celebration of the Heat losing. Makes the burritos taste so much better.
Jack::watching the heat regular season is a bore. they obviously don't try until 4th quarters. good to see them tossing bricks at the free throw line. their lazy 3 quarters didn't deserve another 4th quarter win. they have deep bench i hate when they say heat can't blame hard every game because they went to 3 finals in a row. play everyone for 3 quarters with fresh legs rather than lazy stars not trying until late 3rd.
FreeTruth1945::Miami can be beat. Poor rebounding. Weak bench. Physical exhaustion from 4 year run at NBA championship. At this point in the season I would pick Indiana to beat Miami in the Eastern Conference Finals.
Frank::Miami shot better from the field than they did from the free throw line.  10 missed free throws (Wade 0-6) and lost by 10.
TinyT::I love it! Watching all the haters in full force in January and then not see any come June! LOL
Miel::I can't understand Eric Spoelstra in giving Michael Beasly just 9 minutes.  He should be in there between 20-30 min per game to maximize his offensive skills.
Vartino C::I love these bandwagon and fake Miami Heat fans here. The Miami is still the best in the league. NY is not in their class despite NY playing them well.  However I would to see how many of you change your allegiance and jump to Indiana or OKC when and if they become NBA champs. Most of you Heat fans are frauds and only ride that championship train, no matter who is conducting it.
Cyril::Miami's two biggest problems all year - they are dead last in the NBA in rebounds and they don't always get production from the bench.  Most of the time when they lose you can trace it back to one or both of those issues.  Tonight it was both of those things, as well as bad free-throw shooting.
Vartino C::Same old repetitive garbage concerning Melo. Come on guys let's come up with something original. I have been here for nearly 3 years and it's the same #$%$ about Melo. It's nothing new. "Melo shoots 9-21 has 2 assist". "Melo can't win".  Blah , blah blah  Like I have said before and often. I am a Knick fan 100%. They suck this year. Not Melo's fault. The team is just bad. I am open to debate. It won't happen. You trolls and haters aren't about that.
Mr. Multiple ID Troll::Miami Heat. What a joke!!!
