Rick New::I am starting to believe again.  Team starting to gel.  Go Knicks.
Greg Cuneen::I'm still 3 or 4 wins away from getting interested.  I'll watch if I can, of course.
Thomas Tipton::Yay you can beat a suns team without Eric Bledsoe... The best player that would've been on the court.
Darryl Womble::Thomas Tipton U man bro?
Andy P Kordyban::If J.R. Smith were any dumber he would need to be watered twice a week.
Keith Dennis::Surprised he didnt take a personal leave to join Rodman in North Korea to join the international Mensa squad
Craig Meads::Andy for the win!
Donaven Murray::Garbage call...Barbosa shouldn't get that call on the road.
Harold Nations::please...yeah, Martin didn't do anything except practically break all the fingers on Barbosa's right hand.  The sad thing is that even after definitive replays, the homer announcers STILL thought it was a bad call.
Donaven Murray::Harold Nations check the rulebook, when a player is shooting, his hand is an extension of the ball. It wasn't a foul.
Sheila Newsome::I guess the Knicks are on a winning streak now Jet and Chuck SMH
Carl D Hill::Knicks just took that #8 spot, will be at #3in a week....
Lizzy Evonian::Not saying much in the East... yawn
Ajord Topciu::their 4th game behind the raptors and the raptors dont seem to lose very often. i think your dreaming
Thomas Tipton::5 game winning streak and still 7 games under .500... Brag about that 8th seed man... East is just tough as nails huh?
Shaun Mitts::Wanna thank two players for this win: Channing Frye and Gerald green  u guys helped us stick around in tonights game! btw suns are no joke, they are for real! great game! #knickstape
Stewart Orvik::2-16 / 4 pts / 42 mins. But he did have the nights highlite.
Steven Rivera::Another miss opportunity, Looks like SHump is going to have one of those off nights. Melo should be at 4 assists right now
Steve Carman::sometimes i wonder how stupid some of these players are.. i mean you up by 3 points.. and you got Barg, Shump, both taking 3s? and then Melo settling for a jumper... someone tell them to actually take it to the rack and draw a foul? stupid stupid stupid.
Steve Carman::*sigh* there you have it again.. Melo bricking with another jumper... could have ice the game in regulation, could have ice the game here... but yet.. another jumper brick...
Shaun Mitts::*sigh* knicks won again.  Melo with another solid all around performance. u mad?
King Jaffe Joe::Shaun Mitts of course he's mad, there's always those that cant be pleased and need something to complain about
Adam Burns::29 pts 16 reb 4 ast, and people still think melo is trash
No Names James::Yea someone is going to bring up that he shot 9-24, yea with more efficiency those points could be doubled, but what got me when I seen his stats were the 16 rebs.. Melo was a glass eater, ok he didn't shoot so good but the gy grabbed 16 boards, thats a lot more than LBJ gets.
Jody George Prats::I wish I was LeBron James.  --Melo
David Richards::LeBron cant guard melo and his offensive skills is just ok.
John Merrifield::Yeah but Melo's dirty playing teammates will probably poke him in the eyes to even the score, like they did to Markieff Morris last night. And if you complain you get ejected. When they are outmatched they play dirty. If there was any sand on the court they would be throwing it in your eyes. Someone needs to teach them a lesson.
Delroy Littlejohn::go knickgo
No Names James::Before I even see the highlights let me say one thing... Melo 29pts 16rebs 4 ast... Some NY fans want this guy traded, come on NY, in many games I have seen when NY loses it looks like Melo is the only one that shows up to play every game.
Shaun Mitts::I cant believe a guy with a 10 day contract got a "Durant-Like" Call. Seriously refs, two calls went on the Suns Favor. Barbosa never should of gotten those FTs and JR got fouled on that last shot
Matt Crampton::Good 2 see Plumlee & Green are doing well in PHX, as Scola is doing great off the bench for my Pacers..I'll still take NY @ home this game, they have been playing well lately..109-102 NY
Colin Andre Diamond::THE KNICKS ARE WINNING GAMES THAT THEY SUPPOSE TO WIN, COACH WOODSON GOT EVERYONE CONTRIBUTING TO THE GAME. CARMELO MVP.
Tim Pruitt::You had me until Carmelo
Colin Andre Diamond::Tim Pruitt UNTIL CARMELO WHAT SAY IT, HE IS DO IS PART BEING A LEADER AND IS SECOND IN SCORING. HE IS IN A ZONE
Isaac Miller::I AM WRITING IN ALL CAPS TOO!!!!
Andy P Kordyban::and just when the Knicks look like they had things going they blow a 7 point lead in the 4th quarter at home to the Suns without bledsoe.
Steve Carman::and without morris who got ejected lol :)
Steven Rivera::Too bad they are getting almost no contribution from Shumpert or Hardayway jr if not this game would be over Knicks win by 10 easy
Darnell Poteat::No Tyson to block these pg layups
Robert Navarro::is iso play at end of games for Carmelo the best option knicks have? Why not get at least a screen or something Carmelo??
Steve Carman::Melo needs to stop taking the last shots for knicks! he is horrendous! will Goran take it to the hoop or take the 3????????
King Jaffe Joe::did you not see him get fouled. sit back
Steven Rivera::Melo should be at 3 assists right now if it wasn't for those open miss shots by Barg and Shump
King Jaffe Joe::you already know youre going to get those people that didnt watch the game, that didnt see the pass and the missed shots and will blame melo saying he didnt look for his team mates
Paul Dolmage-Heath::JR Smith is a first ballot hall of fame knucklehead.
John Merrifield::I agree with part of what you said.
Brent Carroll::Suns are going to win the Knicks average 95 give up 98 Suns score 103.2 and give up 100.7
Hector Aranda::No Knicks are on a 4 or 3 game winning streak bro
Joshua Azenberg::Uhhh I'll take the Knicks 103-95
George T. Manson::Correct but doesnt mean a thing
Genya Kilimnik::what a bail out call that was just awful.
Wild Silverback::Hey Suns... remember how to shoot???
John Merrifield::Kind of hard to shoot after you've been poked in the eyes.
Jimmy Garrison::Gotta feature Amare again tonight
