it is what it is::Haters come on here and make so many ridiculous statements against the Pacers.  Some of them are posted just trying to be hateful.  Some of them are just downright hilarious.  It doesn't matter what ANYONE says whether you are a hater OR a fan.  The facts CAN NOT be denied.  Facts:  The Pacers have the best record in the NBA.  The Pacers have the best home court record in the NBA.  The Pacers have played more back to backs than any team in the NBA and will play the MOST when the season is over.  The Pacers have the BEST defense in the NBA.  Those are facts that have already been established and NO ONE can say anything to change them.  Haters = small minded people who can't accept facts.
J.R.::Solid performance by Thompson tonight. Pffft...Thompson is soooo inconsistent it hurts to watch.  They need to upgrade at power forward or sign or draft a center and move Cousins to the 4. Then sign or draft a point guard preferably draft Marcus Smart to man the point and move Thomas back to a sixth man role.
Larry::The Kings are bad , but at least have A BIT of Heart. The Lakers are terrible and have NO HEART. They won;t win 30 games and will have the worst record in the West and maybe worse than any team except the Bucks. Lottery picks or whatever will not help them- team will not make .500 for, at least, the next five years. Look at their guards beyond Kobe- who is nearing the end and is oft injured. look at their frontcourt beyond Gasol- who is nothing special and has seen his best days. Kendall Marshall- their newly annointed PG is not an NBA player. Jodie Meeks and Xavier Henry are jokes.   Jordan Farmar has regressed since he played for UCLA. Put it this way , Gordon Hayward , Utah Jazz SG is 100X better than any active G on the LA LOSERS.
gdp::The second they put Isaiah T back in the Pacers guards, Hill and Stephenson, go on a tear and jack the score up when we were winning 33 to 32 with Jimmer in (after the Kings caught up with Jimmer in).  I am so f'n sick of this racist BS in the NBA and with the racist fans. THOMAS is the reason they lose - can't hit a freakin layup at the end of a game, can't guard ANYONE and they go at him, every team does, every game, and he doesn't even get fouls on the other team - I don't care what anyone says when HIS guy is always the other teams leading scorer and you have one foul, but played 40 minutes that is absolutely a sign of lack of aggressiveness and weak defense. Tonight he has a couple, but 2 is about his average.   But I know, He's black, so he starts, that's the way it is in this league
Larry::If the Indiana Pacers were offered an incentive- say $1M to each player and the coach- I claim they could score 200 points in regulation against the Lakers! The current record in regulation time is 173 by the Suns and Celtics.
texas::go pacers
HORSESHOE::The Pacers are so much fun to watch -- what a great team they are!  They play well together, and the bench is deeeeeeeeep.  Go Pacers!
ric::go pacers
Top::So all the haters are saying Cousins stuffed his stat sheet again by dropping 31/13 in 30 mins against one of the best defensive teams in the league right. That guy Hibbert was giving the Heat fits in the playoffs and is considered one of the best defensive centers right now.  Yeah, Cousins got lucky again right haters?  SMH
runescape::go pacers
