Arbyrick::Suns = mess
OG_BuckNasty::This new Drake is FIREEEE
Mhogan524::The Suns do have some hot cheerleaders though.
Dave Knows Best::Top Performer for the Suns according to ESPN:  Jared Dudley:  9 Pts, 1 Reb, 4 Ast, 2 Stl   Ouch
arizonasportsman::Badly needed loss for the Suns.
arizonasting13::Went to this game, wow. Absolutely worst game I've EVER seen my Suns play in over a decade. Pathetic... but at least we have a better chance at the lottery, let's hope the losing continues because this team is bad, real bad.
Btwixed::shows you really how much O.Neil has impacted this team lately
arizonasting13::Thank god the tickets I got were free, if I had to pay for that sh.it show I'd be $@%!$@% pissed.
skinnyyy::Too many assh0loes hating on Calderon, guy was a class act..we just needed to shake things up
GodofAcid::Losing to Toronto at home by 27 points, ouch.
joe 1138 2056::hunter is the worst coach in NBA history.
joe 1138 2056::gortat is probably done for the regular season. maybe we can get him back for the playoffs.
arizonasting13::lololol
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Toronto just needs to win all 20 of its remaining games and can maybe make the playoffs.
gri400::easy enough, i'll go buy some playoff tickets, you in?
TheBrownestBob::It doesn't matter what pick the Suns get, they will screw it up just like they did with Kendall Marshall.  Everyone in the world knew that guy couldn't score coming into the draft... why pick him??? I feel for you Suns fans.  Y'all about to be the next T-Wolves/Kings.
GeorgetownDC39::As a Wiz fan Im offended we didnt make the list
TheBrownestBob::The Wiz are one good draft pick away from flirting with a playoff spot.  The Bucks are about to lose Ellis and Jennings in free agency so they'll be irrelevant again.
TheBrownestBob::Shoot, John Wall and Bradley Beal were two good draft choices... Jan not so much..
gri400::imagine how a bobcats fan would feel
joe 1138 2056::probably kings.
LegacyDawg::Ross have any dunks?
gri400::3 of the 4 guys who played the most minutes tonight for us came off the bench, odd
Steelers1809::The Raptors are the future.
Giants10_Twuan89::Can The Suns Win A NBA Title In A Couple Of Years?
joe 1138 2056::no doubt. just look at our young players.
Steelers1809::HAHAHAHAHAHA.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::The Raps are in the background of each others interviews that is funny stuff. Man this Raps team is gelling and has each others backs like I haven't ever seen before. This may be a reach (OR NOT) but when your 2 so called top guys can barely speak English your team is going no where. Thanks for the memories Jose you tool.
Jordan86752::Jose was awesome you ingrate.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::His facial expression never ever changed no matter what. That is NOT a good thing.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Wow one defender of Jose is left. The tape doesn't lie. He wasnt a leader, refused to take a charge (Lowry took 2 while we are up 20 today) was soft as a tissue on D. Refused to shoot open looks he would pass it into a double team 5 times a game. Do I need to go on? Guy is an NBA back up talent not a starter.
fried blowney::The 40-year-old virgin has scored more than Phoenix tonight.
gri400::well... that was a game, not good or bad. Just a basketball game. :)  glad to see telfair play well tonight, and getting a bunch of points from the bench, that was a nice change
GeorgetownDC39::Michael Beasly post game interview  "I tried my hardest out there but couldnt stop Bargnani and Telfair. They were on a tear tonight" Walks off grinning
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Ya he has been one of the worst players in the NBA for a couple years now. Just lost his game and never got it back.
tmoneyinmphs::Did rudy gay get hurt or did he really just score only 5 points?
Jumeax::18 million don't buy what it used to
MegatronZero::Phoenix High School scored more points than the pro team tonight...
MegatronZero::Yes. Junior Varsity.
joe 1138 2056::you mean the girls team, right?
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Is Beasly the worst player in the NBA? Is he worse than Bargs?
joe 1138 2056::this is one of the tankiest tank jobs you'll ever see.
joe 1138 2056::beasley = most valuable tanker
fried blowney::Definition of tanking:  Any team that loses to the Toronto Raptors.
gri400::sorry new york :)
KLOE416::no, they're just pretenders
PK009::the leading scorer for phx has 9 points
GeorgetownDC39::Damn I respect the Suns ability to tank. Thats taking it to a new level
Miguel4784::Lol
joe 1138 2056::all they need now is another key injury.
GeorgetownDC39::Raptors put up a valiant effort with starting Barngnani but it just wasnt enough to edge out the loss
VikomnLA::My God Phx sucks!~!!
smithbk789::hes gone next year so they might as well get used to new players
KLOE416::They do but Gortat got injured
KLOE416::The only redeeming part of this season for Raptors fans was seeing the Raps beat the Knicks twice, including one time @MSG.  Feels good man
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Trading for Gay was amazing as well. Amir Johnson playing great. Starting 4-19 and battling back to make the season respectable. Watching JV grow from a tentative guy to an aggressive tough guy under the hoop. Watching Kyle not complain when BC had to give his second baby Failderon minutes, then seeing him step back in and grab the leadership reins when he got the chance.
MegatronZero::Hell yeah. Go Canada.
LOL THE RAPTORS ARE STRAIGHT TRASH::The best part was watching all the false hope of playoffs in their eyes being shattered right in front of them after the Rudy Gay trade. They fell right back to Earth when Rudy started playing like Rudy again.
KLOE416::I really never thought they were going to make the playoffs
gri400::still more knicks games to come too, could notch another win or two :)
gri400::how would 4 wins against them make this season look?
KLOE416::those 2 games made this whole season worth while
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Lucas needs to make a shot. He's the only Raptor who hasn't scored.
hanzerman181::raptors bench is the reason for the score????
LOL THE RAPTORS ARE STRAIGHT TRASH::Are you asking or making a statement?  Either way, you could benefit from more schooling. Just not the 'TDSB'.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Telfair killed the Suns. Straight up.
KinggReyes::Ohhhhhhh Toronto! Can't wait for Friday. Its payback time. Lakers are gona whoop some a-ss. I can almost taste it. Ahhhh
KinggReyes::Yes it's a huge game for us but c'mon don't exaggerate for us. It's just a W.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHHA. That is what you guys said for 7 hours straight before last game. I checked in on the Laker board. Apparently beating the Pelicans is like winning a chip for you guys now HAHAHA
ignasm::Tasting a-ss? Cool... you can do that.
KinggReyes::Fallen? Lol please. It's simply payback. :)
MegatronZero::Jurassic Park match up of the NBA.
gri400::man, lakers fans sure have fallen if you cant wait for a raptors game
LOL THE RAPTORS ARE STRAIGHT TRASH::LOL
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Suns announcers are as bad as the Raptor announcers, and I don't blame them.  I'd rather talk about anything else other than this game.
MegatronZero::Word.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Thing about Born Ready is as well. He seems old because he has been in the NBA so long. There is no reason he can't improve even a bit more than he is now. Maybe get his PPG avg up a basket playing as Kyles backup. I think he is still only 26
rayallen1920::Morris twins both suck, do teams do this on purpose? is their any value to it? does it sell tickets? Twins on the same team, oohhh so cool? i mean why do they do it, why have two garbage players
MegatronZero::Right. The Suns would pick up Mario and Jennifer Lopez and never even know they are not twins.
KLOE416::They do but there is still hope for them, they could be good after some development.  Wouldn't it be really messed if they got Brook Lopez too?
KLOE416::I really hope the Jays don't turn out like the 2013 Lakers
LOL THE RAPTORS ARE STRAIGHT TRASH::They will.  In fact, that bandwagon will crash even harder.
gri400::that'll be the angels :)
KLOE416::haha, Whoa, I guess it could be possible. Trout has such unrealistic expectations to live up to right now.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::29 point lead 6 minutes left. Will Toronto blow it?
MegatronZero::The Suns only play 3 quarters... Don't worry.
gri400::so do the raptors!
LOL THE RAPTORS ARE STRAIGHT TRASH::Nope, but all the Raptors fans have their party hats and streamers waiting to celebrate.
gri400::it's 50/50 right now really
ignasm::that would be clutch
rayallen1920::fire Hunter, Hire Marjele
MegatronZero::Amen.
MegatronZero::Why doesn't Beasley start closing his eyes when he shoots so his percentage can maybe go up?
Herkaleez::Lol at Scrubastian Telfair
LOL THE RAPTORS ARE STRAIGHT TRASH::I prefer Se'crap'stian
rayallen1920::the suns have a promotion where if the suns dont give it their all on the court they can get a full refund
KLOE416::P.J. Tucker, former Raptors scrub
LOL THE RAPTORS ARE STRAIGHT TRASH::Rafer Alston, Former Lou-skipper
KLOE416::damn, I like that, lol
kirkaz72::Sun's need to lose out to have a better chance at Noel.
kirkaz72::Muhammad is projected around 8th.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::They should get McLemore or Muhammad I think.
LOL THE RAPTORS ARE STRAIGHT TRASH::"This win over the Suns puts us right back in playoff contention. The championship is ours!"  - Delusional Craptors Fans
TDOTNATION22::Who said that.... BTW is pass your bedtime.
LOL THE RAPTORS ARE STRAIGHT TRASH::'By the way' is pass my bedtime?  I wasn't aware that a phrase = a measurement of time
MegatronZero::Yeah, Telfair's Revenge... Good for him. And if P.J. Tucker is one of the top Sun scorers, then something is totally awry.
wunderrr::suns tank mode better than wolves tank mode
KLOE416::Man, I remember how much hype Telfair had coming into the league
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Struggled with injuries at 19 and it kinda set him back 2 years of development. He is just now finding his game.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::I never said his game was anything more than being a back up now did I? The last 2 years he has been figuring out what he can bring. Fast feet, hit open looks in back up minutes.
kirkaz72::lol.....seriously???? He's a role player on one of the worst teams in the league.
KLOE416::I think he is what he is at this point.
TDOTNATION22::AND YOU CAN GET OUT THE SALAMI AND CHEESE MAMA THIS BALL GAME IS WELL OVER -Chuck Swirsky
gri400::i'm sure telfair enjoyed this game at least
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::This last 20 games should be fun to see him come in for Lowry and not John Lucas. Might actually hold some leads.
