Tarrekun::Wow!  The Thunder is virtually unstoppable when they are hot.  In the Olympics, one of their opponents played a box n 1 defense on KD.  Lebron and the rest of the team was freed up and could easily score.  The Clippers will need CP3 healthy and their shooters will need to make their shots, not like in this game when they missed many shots and CP3 wasn't there to set up the team for better shots.  The Clippers are still improving, when they get their injured players back into the lineup, and are still learning to play together.  I have confidence in DeAndre Jordan to be able to consistently hit his freethrows, because he is improving also.  The Clippers haven't peaked yet, so I still think the Clips can win against the Thunder; but it will be war!
bluelightnin::Thunder haters -- "WAHHHH!! they can only win when given 40 freethrows a game!!"  Last night - 12/14 from free throw line. When it comes to it, we just know how to win
Mambaholic 33::Free throw's on the season:  KD:  352  James: 172  Who's the WAHHH!!!
bryanwhitley82::i like how Seattle's been cryin about OKC stealing their team and now they are stealing a team of their own! Clowns. I can't wait for the Thunder to come back to Seattle and make them look dumb.
1419892::I tell you all they gonna win.
BavarianM3::KD&gt;NBA jk  You know what, I could care less if he wins the MVP or not. You GOAT status is determined by Rings.
mvp4him3::Easy to win when you do not have the best PG in the game playing.
mvp4him3::CP3 was not in and westbrook is not the best PG. Not even close. He is a scorer nothing else. Thunder barely won. Get $@%!$@ kids
Seahawkin1210::up by 10 plus the whole game is a barely win? haha westbrook is 5th in the league in asists. stop hatin
Drewbedobydo::And when he was in, and it wasn't as easy, the Thunder still won.
JonChemRules::Westbrook was there....
YearOfTheSpur::Spurs #2 and the schedule only gets easier from now on ;)
SMS4Hou::And thunder can't wait to play them again.
Westjag::They know who big.brother is now. Thunder up
Chicagocold312::I read somewhere that the Thunder was the BEST team in the NBA, really? Holla at your boy when they start beating the Heat, until then nip that "best" talk in the bud.
Seahawkin1210::they are the best team and their record reflects that.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Thanks for being a homer.
onlyelement1::Clippers are 2-3 when Griffin scores 25+ points, Griffin has to be the problem!
tuala46::we got killed by the 3s
YearOfTheSpur::*Sees Grizzlies on calendar* Paul: Owwy papercut, I cant play  *Sees Nuggets on calendar* Paul: Im healed, ITS A MIRACLE  *Sees OKC on calendar* Paul: I have a boo boo, It hurts :'( Cant play
Verin15::If he didn't play any games where there was a chance of losing he would've never played any games for the Hornet's.
Keith Closs::great to see people with no knowledge of the game are trying to contribute jokes since they cant make any logical game analysis.   we need that balance.  keep posting
kobelovespassing::lebron made durant dry on his mom s  shoulder, it doesn't change   last 7 games they played okc  won only 1  if westbrook gets injured KD s gonna be a total failure   James led a team on his own to finals with zydrunas, KD will to never be able to do so
Seahawkin1210::is okc could afford 3 contracts for 100m+ then im sure they'd win plenty of finals
ret12364::Wow so much pride in getting completely swept by the Spurs. At least KD got his first finals win 4 years earlier than Lechoke.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::What an idiot.
onlyelement1::made durant "dry" on his mom's shoulder? I think your mom should check your posts before posting like your homework kid.  and Lebron led a Cavs team when big Z was actually pretty good, and a young Gooden and Varejao.
Ron-Burgundy-Stay-Classy-3::Fail
AmazinGrapeOKC::NBA fans: "Ya'll shouldve traded Westbrook and kept Harden....hes your best playmaker" Sam Presti: "LMAO!!!!!!!!"
kobelovespassing::"LeBron deserved to be Mvp from the moment he entered the league." -Doc Rivers
Ron-Burgundy-Stay-Classy-3::Lmao joke off the day
SB4LlFE::did the clippers complain and whine about the thunder's celebration??
Keith Closs::clipps fan here. interesting to see how vinny would play the best team in the league without paul.    durant is crazy good and westbrook is faster than i can even comprehend.   even without paul, okc still had to keep their defense spread with jamal and ebled running around.  too bad ebled couldnt put together a great game.  blake putting up solid numbers across the board was a suprise to me, though without paul in there  dictating the pace on offense.  i cringe when he goes into his low post move repertoire and ends up shooting a spin move fade away.
dlongo252::i believe that it was a good opportunity for the clippers to not show its cards (strategy) to the thunder because they will eventually meet them in the playoffs.  besides, CP3 is hurt and would not be quick enough to keep up anyways.  So no worries for now because CP3 needs to get healthy and with the injured clippers slowly returning, they will all continue to learn to play together and then peak at the right time, during the playoffs.  it is how LeBron takes the losses, it is a regular season loss, but come playoff time, they will buckle down.
Rambomonster9::Although Durant is an amazing player and second best on earth this is why he should not win MVP over LBJ:  Scoring LBJ &lt; Durant. (if lebron played as many minutes &amp; as many free throws it would be = )  Defense LBJ &gt;&gt; Durant  Rebounding LBJ &gt; Durant  Passing LBJ &gt; Durant  Steals/Blocks LBJ = Durant  FT % LBJ &lt; Durant FG% LBJ &gt; Durant
Westjag::It's obvious that Lebron takes more shots around the rim and.Durant takes more 3 pt attempts. So Lebron's fg % should be.BETTER than Durants, but isn't.
ret12364::And if your a the best scorer in the world, I'd rather have him not pass the rock a la James. I will run plays for KD to score.
ret12364::Kevin Durant has both a higher Offensive Efficiency rating and True Shooting percentage than Lebron. If the average distance of your shot is closer/further from the rim, all things equal, you will achieve a higher/lower raw FG%.
jgoodlin::KD will win MVP this season and deservedly so.  LBJ is pretty good, he is the 2nd best player in the league.
Mambaholic 33::Maybe you can help us all - with why KD is better?  --Last time i checked Lebron has been taking him to the farm house! Even KD's great gm last night pails once again to James last performance, whether it's rebounding, facilitating, defending, durability, FG%,Leadership skills...KD all though great player...Far behind Lebron no matter how you slice it....
Rambomonster9::Right.
Seskatchewan::Didn't LBJ have a 3 point 4th quarter or something?
Rambomonster9::Didnt the Thunder get beat 4-1 in the Finals???
Seskatchewan::FG% goes to Durant, 3 pt% goes to Durant, FT% goes to Durant. 4th quarter fire goes to Durant. I have no gripes about LBJ, but Durant is nothing short of clutch... something LBJ has troubles with
Rambomonster9::What???? wow.  Lebron is shooting 55% which last time i checked is better than 51% and they both shoot 40% on 3's.  But yes Durant is way better at the FT line.  But you are an idiot and the other 2 who gave a thumbs up
jmbean86::OKC looks like they're going to win 65+ games.
westsidepride87::I am not gonna lie, I thought Grant Hill wasnt gonna be a real factor for us. But hey the man is 40 and he is still balling. Great defender, handles and perimeter shooter. Set the example of old school. Good to see you are healthy!
Rambomonster9::3 of the top Turnover men in NBA: Durant 3.4  assists 4.3 Kobe  3.4   assists 4.8 Westbrook 3.4 assists 8.2. *As you can see Westbrook is actually not that bad but Durant is bad!  almost 1 turnover per assist.  GET OFF WESTBROOKS BACK!!
nba is the worst::42% FG shooting, but 2nd in the league in FG attempts.  Not smart
Rambomonster9::i am just replying to all of the announcers who keep saying he creates turnovers.  Durant is sloppy.  FG% is another story.
westsidepride87::WTF is going on with the Clips, pull your shi.t together. Lets go fellas!
Rambomonster9::Clips were missing Paul Billups....so yeah.  if thunder were missing Durant and Martin they would have lost
alexj26602::like hell....... what about west brook
westsidepride87::Well, I cant find an excuse like that legit. I mean of course we miss the handles and playmaking of Chris Paul. Eric Bledsoe is still learning from two veterans which he is lucky to have by the likes of Paul and Billups. Nurturing at moment. I do have trust in Bledsoe. Little Speedy.
Rambomonster9::So during the game the announcers were saying pressure Westbrook because he is turnover prone.  LOL i love how everyone acts like he is a turnover machine and is sloppy but the truth is that his assist to turnover ratio is far better than Durant or Kobe.  Nobody ever calls out Durant or kobe about there turnovers but love to critisize Westbrook
jgoodlin::funny how this t@rd likes his own comments
Rambomonster9::kobe durant and westbrook all average 3.4 turnovers per game (all close to worst in NBA) but the assists are 8.2 for westbrook 4.3 for durant and 4.8 for kobe
westsidepride87::$@%! K-Mart, the dude can shoot. 11 pts in 6 min in his first tenure.
Dj3garrett::jgoodlin KD has won the previous 3 scoring titles and leading Lefraud yet again this season only proves he is by far the better player. The refs were a joke in the finals last season and KD will own Lefraud if the cHEAT can make it to the finals again this season. --------------------------------------------------- Haha LeBron leads Durant in just about every category except for ppg and ft%... Give LeBron 9 ft attempts like KD gets and they're pretty much equal in the point category... The day I'll believe KD is the better player is the day he actually guards LeBron... instead of Chalmers hahaha
jgoodlin::and KD leads leFRAUD in the categories which matter most..... scoring, and record (thanks to his scoring).
jgoodlin::hahahahahahahaha......defense matter most?  Yeah, most people parade around and talk about the best defenders in the league.  That is the funniest thing I have read all day.    Lefraud has 1 ring, after this season KD will have just as many.
Rambomonster9::Record???? 4-1???? does that ring a bell you dipstick?
Rambomonster9::??? lol.  Defense matters most
Rambomonster9::not to mention lebron plays less minutes and his defense is FAR better than Durant
Seskatchewan::Enough about the stars... Give it up to the role players!! Can't sleep on Kmart and Sefolosha from behind the 3 arc and the Clippers did it time and time again last night.
Seskatchewan::Collison is underrated, he went off in the first round last year (I believe) Ibaka is already a star!
jgoodlin::and Collison is one of the best role players in the league and Ibaka is turning into a star....
doosx2::AMEN
Mambaholic 33::Team Learders:                         OKC                                        MIA ===================================================  Points:             KD                                    ..Lebron Rebounds:   Ibaka                                     Lebron Assists:          WB                                         Lebron Steals:           WB                                         Lebron Blocks          Ibaka                                       Lebron  enough said!!!!
doosx2::why are you on Lebrons junk any way???....Go cheer for your Rapist, Kobe Lover
jgoodlin::Gates doing his thing!!
doosx2::team leaders... REFS in pocket OKC/HEAT None/Lebron  nough said!!!
Mambaholic 33::If he sucks why is FG% higher and the same from 3 point line?
Dj3garrett::KD just had two games straight where he shot over 20 free throws... He averages 3 more per game than Lebron... LeBron sucks at shooting so he drives a lot, whereas KD is mainly a jumpshooter... C'MON MAN... hahaha
jgoodlin::Just goes to show OKC is by far the better TEAM
Mambaholic 33::Maybe, and goes to show how much better Lebron is and has to be....
influenced u3::y does everyone have to hate on lebron? as a heat fan... i can sit back and watch the pure talent that KD has... and respect it...   both LBJ and KD are greats in the game... just leave it at that... anyone that says lebron is overrated is just showing their ignorance
KnickCityBro::exactly. Both are the top 2 players right now. Every team would make room for them if they had a chance
SMS4Hou::Wasn't that close.
jgoodlin::KD is by far the best player in the league.
doosx2::go get em jon!!!!....Lebron Blows
jgoodlin::KD has won the previous 3 scoring titles and leading Lefraud yet again this season only proves he is by far the better player.  The refs were a joke in the finals last season and KD will own Lefraud if the cHEAT can make it to the finals again this season.
Mambaholic 33::Key word being Holic!!   "can't stop"  That's why he continues to beat OKC? only jockstrap holding would be OKC
jgoodlin::speaking of faker fan, you're the one with mamba in your screen name.    and yes...more than just the scoring title.....so far:  33-9 vs 26-12  Not to mention the east couldn't hold the west's jockstrap.
Mambaholic 33::What happen to last time they just met? more excuse, you could be a Faker/Kobrick fan with all that non-sense  BTW: there's a little more to the game than just the scoring title, and even at that Lebron: 55% KD: 51%
jgoodlin::Lebron has the refs on his jock.  KD is the best player on the planet by far.
Mambaholic 33::Nice excuse, why KD has shot over 100 more f/t   --saying over and over doesn't make it happen
Mambaholic 33::Than why does Lebron kick his a$$ even time they play?
AmazinGrapeOKC::KD    2013 All Star MVP  2013 Scoring Champ  2013 NBA MVP  2013 NBA Finals MVP
-Td4mvp3 -::u wish
-Td4mvp3 -::SPURS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;)
Idris5249::I'm a Suns fan (please, no pity) but KD is BY FAR my favorite player. dude is a baller and he'll get multiple rings
Qzhoopin20::Went to the game last night...about 6 rows from the floor!! Durant is OFF THE CHAIN!!!!!! I don't think that dude broke a sweat while putting up all those 3's!! To be fair to the Clips, not having CP3 is a major disadvantage, but OKC played good ball. Westbrook had a few TO's but looked in charge all night!
Seskatchewan::To be fair to OKC, we let Harden go and acquired a quiet player. Who ends up being a star.
Keith Closs::what  does this even mean in relationship to the original post?
_Norris_Cole::I´m the biggest Lebron's Fan. But Durant deserves the MVP this SEASON What a game!
Mambaholic 33::And the irony is, Lebron last gm once again was better!!
AmazinGrapeOKC::34-9
loodakris5928::did you change your name?!
Mr. Nut Job::Another win from OKC this time from the upstart Clippers!
widowjordan::the only team that can force overtime with OKC is the mavs.  Durant scored 52 points, but the Mavs only lost by 3 points.
doosx2::nice post goody....i  agree 100%
jgoodlin::the refs won the game in Denver,  3 offensive screen fouls in a 5 min OT period is comical.
nba is the worst::As if those weren't actually fouls.  KD 21 fts, OKC huge ft margin.  smh
nba is the worst::Err, OT in Denver 1 game back and the nuggets WON
AmazinGrapeOKC::nice moral victory
nba is the worst::Three party in Staples, who would have thought?
AmazinGrapeOKC::33-9
nba is the worst::33-10 after tonight
Mrfabulous48::DURANTULA!!
ThunderHornz::SilkySmooth!
Thelastride151::Mvpfor3 is prob the worst troll I have seen in awhile
mvp4him3::Its not a troll if its truth. Keep liking your own comment $@%. Also are you brain dead that you cannot write words out and have to abbreviate them? Are you that !$@%!$@ stupid? Typical OKC fan. Barely gets past 8th grade and they throw a party.
mvp4him3::He is on ugly $@%!$ isnt he?
ronron99322::Hope KD35 doesn't go ringless in his career or Gaye up on us and join MIA or some bs.
leon_200::i think KD will get at least one ring. OKC is too good to be denied every year by miami.
nba is the worst::Only 3 ftas for KD?  Time for Congress to investigate!
JAMEZ709::And still drops 32 on ya.
nba is the worst::Would have been 52 with 21 ftas, right?
bucboi80::I'm a devoted Derrick Rose and Bull fan, but you got to give KD his respect. This kid is lights out on a daily basis!!!!
JeremiahB17::Lol. Losers ALWAYS blame the refs
charlie hustle bets the over::and if he's not, he always got the refs. 5 vs 8 is a hard game to win.
ThunderHornz::Lol- when you can't guard him you foul him.
dreballs50::Don't worry Clips fans, we'll beat them for you tomorrow, like we usually beat you  -Warriors fans
Thelastride151::^ no? Your team is over rated though? Hey I got a question (closet laker fan) before cp3 and griffin how long have u been a clip fan? Exactly and don't like your own comment that's pathetic
mvp4him3::Better to be a closet fan than a closet $@%. Although gay people at least know how to spell words out and not abbreviate everything they type.
Thelastride151::Clippers ur not going thunder will dominate u in a series of any amount of games lol^ Thunder fans
mvp4him3::Thus proves why their fan base is a bunch of red necks
mvp4him3::Dont worry Warrior fans, we will send you post cards from the NBA finals and then you can say you beat the champs  -Clipper fans
Nicholas D1::haha
mvp4him3::Blake &gt; Skinny boy durant
Spencer-Jones::So Thunder haters, how'd the refs win this one for the Thunder? 21-14 FTs in favor of the Clippers.
mvp4him3::More athletic than the Clips? Nah man thats not the case. Again soe fouls probably shouldnt have been called on either side of the ball.
Spencer-Jones::Personal Fouls were 26-17 in favor of Clips also.
savelando::and at one point was 26-14.
Spencer-Jones::Yeah it's not actually possible that they get fouls called because they are more athletic and force players to foul them.
mvp4him3::I am sure there were calls that shouldnt have been called regardless of the free throw count
bucksnreds::Every game, Durant and James have above 50% shooting for the Thunder and the Heat. Every game, Kobe shoots under 25% for the Lakers.  Kobe getting dwarfed by Durant and James.
mvp4him3::Your logic is like your name, $@%!$@%!
ThunderHornz::T H U N D E R !
ThunderHornz::UT alum in OKC.
Thelastride151::We call clipper fans closet laker fans
cooltapes777::UT? that combination seems wrong
mvp4him3::We call those bandwagon fans
ChuckOlajuwon::I know Clippers lost this game at home and all but Im convinced they actually may be second best behind only Thunder.  I know Spurs fans may disagree but get CP back in this lineup and they have depth to match the Spurs.  Right now Thunder 1, Clips and Spurs close battle for 2.
sport medic::Spurs have NBA's second best record despite playing four more road games than LAC and OKC, five more than MIA.  If they can hold it together during the upcoming 9 game rodeo road trip then they will he in good shape to finish out the season.
oicurak9::At least 1 spurs fan disagrees.  Clips can point to 2-0 series this season like Spurs can points to 4-0 sweep in playoffs.  The standings have it correct.
TOTALBULL..::Kevin Durant is my nigg
mvp4him3::You got one thing right, he is a nigg
ALLforthelulz::I've never been more annoyed at a clip than Durant's dunk. Matt Barnes turns to the ref crying before Durant even elevated yet. Just a pathetic display of giving up on a play. how about following it for a possible block...SOMETHING. stop being a $@%!$
TannerOSU::the best he could do was foul at that point. I'm no Barnes fan, in fact, can't stand him. But when you get beat by Durant, you hope a 4 or 5 can step up for a charge
mvp4him3::Double reply? Just when you thought one idiotic statement wasnt enough you through in another
TannerOSU::he wasn't crying for foul. He knew he was beat and was crying for help from his teammates
