Lsatne::it would be stupid to say the Cavs don't miss James, but, with K Irving they have a better all around team
etripp216::i think  kemba is going to be  a good player, but he reminds me of flip murray......just saying.
sinatrascue::Michael Jordan Wedding FTW!
jbarker311::Why isnt Kyrie getting any ESPN coverage? Oh, cause he plays for Cleveland.  Go Cavs!!! Irving is ROY
nba is the worst::Kyrie continues to dominate the early season ROY ranking
nitro612::The Cavs can't complain about a 3-4 road trip right now. Looking forward to watching them the rest of the season.
kingdman2011::i know this sounds crazy but i think irving will be better then chris paul 2-3 years from now
InfinitySprout::Irving ranks 25th in PER, nice building block for the Cavs in the Rookie.... I find it a bit interesting finding people speak of relevance about the Cavs based on the fact that Lebron left... Cavs will always have relevance in Cleveland.
junkmailboy1000::Irving ROY
brownsfan8527::Hey guys, don't you guys think that the Cavs need to get a winning streak going? They are doing good though. Also, don't you guys think that if the Browns had just a DECENT offense that they would be a shoe-in for the playoffs? I know I sound crazy, but I have proof.  Wk. 1: lost 27-17 Wk. 6: lost 24-17 Wk. 8: lost 20-10 Wk. 10: lost 13-12 Wk. 12: lost 23-20 Wk. 13: lost 24-10 *Wk. 14: lost 14-3 Wk. 15: lost 20-17 Wk. 16: lost 20-14 *Wk. 17: lost 13-9  As you can see, few of their games have been blowouts. Also, if you see the games with the asterisks by them, those are the weeks we played the Steelers. If the defense is only giving up 14 and 13 points respectively, and we still lose, we need a better offense. I'd go out on a limb and say that if we'd average 21 points a game, we'd be 10-6 or 11-5 and be a shoe-in for the playoffs.
kingdman2011::true, browns defense is good, but the offense is just so bad, but what be sweet is if they could trade down, grab richardson and alshon jeffrey, then aquire a first rounder next year so if colt mccoy doesnt pan out then you can just make a crazy offer at barkley or jones, and if he does pan out then you can just see what positions need help and be able to fill those
kfultz42::yeah we need trent richardson or blakmon in the draft colt doesn't have any real weapons at WR
basesballgod69::in the 2012 draft the cavs select...... austin rivers!!! anyone opinion?
jbarker311::lol if the cavs keep winning they are gonna lose out on a good draft spot. At the same time I like watching them win
taa2008::Rivers has some work to do.  Good player who has no problem creating and taking his own shot, but that is where the positives end.
beepos1::I agree...and I'm a Dukie
FingerRoleJoeTM::he needs to stay in college
haze282::MJ is a complete joke as an owner. Horrible decision maker, Stupid draft pick after draft pick. The market is not big enough to support this dumpster fire of a team. They will fold or leave CLT within 3 years
EGGY126::Irving&gt;Rubio
SomeGuySays::Totally agree.  By the end of the season, Rubio won't be in the conversation.
EGGY126::Yeah while Rubio put's up better assist numbers and plays in the tougher conference, he does have better teammates to toss the ball to.
Bro-kowski::Their wins have all been over terrible teams, but they have played 9 of their 12 games on the road including 7 in a row, and played two very good teams close in that span.
SomeGuySays::No worries Charlotte fans, this team is REAL young and I think these guys have a lot of upside.  Consider this season practice for better seasons ahead.  Practice?  I'm talking about practice!  Cavs fans ... Irving is going to be a stud.  Get rid of Jamison for a more reliable player and you've got a future playoff team.
llGHOSTll::Charlotte is my pick to get #1 in the draft this season.
TRIBE TIME 09::Masterson &gt; Verlander
TRIBE TIME 09::jeanmar gomez and david huff will get call-ups ahead of mcallister
perrypete::clevelands best pitcher next season will be a rookie by the name of zack mcallister!
wahoonation22::we blow.. 3-11with the players we have we should be atleast 500 i think way better. its a mixture of a horrible coach and a selfish team!
gouconnhuskies3::To me in the argument between Kemba and Kyrie, I take Kemba just because of his personality... Proven leader, and tons of Charisma... in League where everyone is hugely talented intangibles like that tend to make the difference.
gouconnhuskies3::I just don't see the comparision at all. Terry is amazing off the ball. Kemba needs it.
BumbleBeeTunaP::Right, Terry has been in the league for a decade. What I am saying is that is the type of player I see Kemba becoming. Which is a very solid player. I just think saying he has more upside than Kyrie Irving is flat out wrong. Agree to disagree
gouconnhuskies3::Honestly why compare him to any one any way, he is a much better defender already than terry, much faster than terry, and not nearly as good a shooter, and better penetrater. Your comparisons are hack.
BumbleBeeTunaP::I like Kemba, but I don't see him anything better than Terry. He is not a pass first point guard, he is a combo guard that will shoot 20 times a game. And to say he is much faster than Terry is ridiculous. Terry is a better shooter at 33. Kemba's upside is that type of player.
gouconnhuskies3::he's not a 2 gaurd... he's on a team with two small point gaurds
BumbleBeeTunaP::Kemba is an undersized two guard. Best case scenario is Jason Terry
hpupiratesfan::Now I just want the bobcats to keep losing so we can get the first pick hopefully...of course knowing MJ he'll draft Harrison Barnes otherwise known as another UNC bust. Time for Jordan to go
wahoonation22::no we lose jordan we lose the team...
Brothers1759::It's about time B Scott let Kyrie play more than 30 mins......geez....Kyrie is a STUD....Byron Scott needs to give him some more minutes.    These Cavs are fun to watch when Kyrie is on the floor.
basesballgod69::growth takes time its a process not a race
62629825::Kemba &gt; Kyrie
mikeyp2307::lol.never
MilitaryMotivation::Funny sense of humor..lol
gouconnhuskies3::Kemba will be fine in the NBA, he just needs to establish his rhythm... He his upside is as good as Irvings considering he has been stealing the ball extremely efficiently, and getting rebounds efficiently for his size. Sure he didn't shoot well today, but he has the balls as a young player to create 21 shots.
gouconnhuskies3::If Kyrie is similar in size to chris paul (3 inches taller and 20 pounds heavier) than every PG in the league is "similar in size".
BumbleBeeTunaP::Look at the scouting reports. Kyrie is 6'2 with a 6'4 wingspan. Paul is 6'0 with a 6'4 wingspan. Another similarity is the both play with great pace
BumbleBeeTunaP::He has a very similar size, athleticism, and mid range game to Paul. He is not as good of a distributor. He has the slashing and finishing ability of Rose, but not the size and athleticism. So yes, I think his upside is a combination of the two. I'm thinking 25 8 and 4.
gouconnhuskies3::considering he's averaging 4 turnovers a game, and not even one steal, and 5 assists I think Rose is fair, but I don't see a shred of Chris Paul as of yet
BumbleBeeTunaP::Also, he is averaging 3 turnovers game
gouconnhuskies3::I think that might be an overstatement
BumbleBeeTunaP::His upside is nowhere near Irving's. He may be a good scorer, but Kyrie looks like a combination of Chris Paul and Derrick Rose.
rockndoc3::fuck
rockndoc3::General Sherman is killing the C/oKC board
Kyrie Dominates Lame Rubio::Truth.
bjnance1::Before the draft my hopes were to take Derrick Williams at 1, and get Kemba with our 4th? or so pick. I am unbelievably happy with the way  Kyrie and Thompson have turned out so far, Kyrie more so, but Thompson will come into his own when Jamison is gone. I actually enjoy watching the NBA again, even though I despised it for only one year.
Super Reilly 102::It's funny how all the cavs fans are complaining about Thompson being a bust, when Bismack Biyombo, the 7th overall pick, is averaging 2 points a game.
BumbleBeeTunaP::Pretty sure nobody is actually saying Thompson is a bust
Super Reilly 102::Yeah, and last time I checked, averaging about 8 points a game in the first 12 games of your career is actually pretty good for a big man.
MikeD3321::Anyone complaining about Thompson being a bust is ignorant and has no concept of the game
Dworm84::Or how about Thompson averaging more than Derrick Williams,the 2nd pick overall in less playing time. I remember when the haters wanted Williams over Irving. Well haters,how is that working out?
NuttyBuckeyes::who cares about the cavs they haven't be a real team in years!
thectownbrown16::bandwagon $@%!$@
MikeD3321::????  They won 60 games just 2 seasons ago.  They won 66 games the year before that.  You're an idiot
willslocum29::Nice to see the Cavs playing much better than last season. Hopefully we have Irving for a lot longer than 7 years!
Chris72077::Hey browns fans, who do you guys want them to take with 4th overall pick of the draft?
jbarker311::Blackmon
Chris72077::So most of you would want blackmon over RGIII?
CoopDeville13::Blackmon then RGIII .....I don't think they give McCoy another year after this one coming up.
godson0214::can you imagine a browns backfield with chris oby as your starting back??? or worse hardesty
godson0214::we still got the 22nd pick to take a WR
godson0214::what?? dude is a beast just beacuse you can get quality backs later dosent mean you pass on the best 1 since adrian peterson. im just saying if blackmon isnt there and griffin is trade down to no 6 and then take richardson
godson0214::in order if available. blackmon, richerdson, griffin
anzekopitarnumber1::Never take a RB that high, i will be pissed if we take Richardson
anzekopitarnumber1::Blackmon if he's available, if not then RGIII
Rengel12::6-21 Kemba.. solid... realllll solid
MilitaryMotivation::Kenba is gonna be a fine nba player with time.
Chris72077::It was only his second start, lay off
iCandid::Where's all the people that were saying Kemba is a better player than Irving at now?
UCONN HUSKYS::a year from today ..re ask that question
gouconnhuskies3::If if's and but's were candy and nuts everyday would be christmas
Trolls Are Us_Suspended account 2::END OF 2012-2013 SEASON, WHEN KYRIE'S ROOKIE CONTRACT EXPIRES:  "I HAVE DECIDED TO TAKE MY TALENTS TO SOUTH BEACH."  -IRVING, ON THE SHOW, THE DECISION #2.
RayKrebbs1978::Great job Cavs.   Keep it going we (Cavaliers fans) are with you all the way.  Check this out - http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_13
hulKKNUPE::Kyrie is a BEAST (Go Dukies!) But what was Cleveland thinking drafting Tristan Thompson?????????? He's a bum.
godson0214::no way hes a bum draft experts are now saying that he should have went number 1. i think cavs really got the 2 best players in the draft
nsmithNYC::You can be a Duke fan and be oblivious. It is from Duke alum's that I would expect more astute analysis, but judging from the 10 question marks in a row and obvious grammatical and stylistic deficiencies this poster is not one of them.
sduke1986::hope your not a duke fan with that kind of unfounded analysis you probably havent watched a game all year im guessing? TT isnt a bum hes averaging 9 ppg only playing 17 minutes how does that make him a bum? it takes time to get use to that level of play for big guys he will be good give him time...id like to think duke fans think deeper than that lol
rockndoc3::ACUDA, all Cavs fans are a bit surprised, too.   But Thompson is going to be very good.
Hans Duo::he is trolling bro
Giantcruz::sorry?
Hans Duo::Thompson will slowly build up his minutes. He is doing what we drafted him for. Inside presence. He will never average 20 points a game. He will do and get better at what he is excelling at right now, blocks and rebounds
sduke1986::RayKrebbs1978 your lame and obviously have no passion for sports real fans who have passion say "we" when they refer to their teams people like you are annoying your just trying to start something obviously he didnt literally draft him but dude cmon dont hate
RayKrebbs1978::Are you Chris Grant?  Because if your not, you didn't draft him.  The team drafted him, not the fans. Just saying.
ACUDA316::Kinda surprised the cavs are a .500 so far. Thompson was a waste of a pick
anzekopitarnumber1::People who say he's a waste of a pick clearly haven't seen a cavs game and just look at the box score.
KingGeorge53::IF TT was starting he'd be a ROY consideration.   Period.
njs52595::How people can watch this team and legitimately say TT brings nothing to the table and was a waste of a pick is mindboggling. They must know nothing about the game, I guess.
Giantcruz::dont see it sorry
rockndoc3::You havent seen the Cavs much yet, obviously.  TT is going to be a beast.
Hans Duo::hes averaging 9 points in 17 minutes. Acuda, you need to think before you type
Giantcruz::thompson brings nothing to the table. I see him going to the D-League by next season.
Nikoloz3::Give him time to develop. It takes longer for bigs to get acclimated to the NBA game than guards.
spong3bobrox::NO, HE WASNT
rockndoc3::Damn, Kyrie has to go to the D-League or the Cavs are going to miss out on the Lottery
perrypete::thats ok, last year was their first good draft since before dan gilbert.
perrypete::dan gilbert wasnt there yet idiot!  you would think a cavs fan would know that!
spong3bobrox::lebron was a great draft pick. nobody can lie about that
spong3bobrox::Irving = Rookie Of the Year (Ricky Rubio my $@%)
GRacingV::YESSSSSSSS, FINALLY
brandomymando::i dont care what the freaking lake county sentinel has to say!
spong3bobrox::Dear Raykrebs,                               LEAVE!!!!!!!!!!!                     Sincerely,                                  EVERYONE
StockonToMalone::Kyrie Irving is good. Next chris paul?
njs52595::Eh, maybe. But until then, eat a dick Pete.
GRacingV::make that 4
bjnance1::make it 3?
nsmithNYC::Two, eat two $@%!$ Pete.
perrypete::we will see in four years when he becomes a free agent and moves to a better team.
GRacingV::@perrypete, stop trolling bro
spong3bobrox::leave
StockonToMalone::Well he is looking really good right now. Cavs are lucky to have this young fella. Looks like he'll have to battle Rubio for ROY
spong3bobrox::hopefully better
Giggityiggity::Kyrie is now at 17.7 ppg which is tied for 21st with Dirk Nowitzki amongst all qualified players.  Look at some of these names below him... Tyreke Evans, Kevin Martin, Ray Allen, James Harden, Paul Gasol, Josh Smith, Paul Millsap, Danny Granger, Stephen Jackson..  Dude is balling so hard right now, it's unreal.
JoeGrizly::Good game Cavs, good chatting Fans, I'm taking off, got to shovel some snow and then do some homework. I'll be on tomorrow night for the warriors game, GO CAVS, GO BROWNS, GO TRIBE, GO CLEVELAND!!!!
KingGeorge53::Have a good one Joe.
kingkyrie23::who's bettr kyrie or john wall?
godson0214::wall just maybe a lil overrated
KingGeorge53::too early to tell, but I'm glad we got Irving
brownsjoe::uhhhhhh,,,,,
kingkyrie23::1) make sure u vote kyrie for the all star game
brownsjoe::will do
yata9arasu::I will see everyone tomorrow against the Warriors!  GO CAVS!!!!!!!!
KingGeorge53::Have a great evening Yata
spong3bobrox::Did anybody else see the bullls get their asssss whooped by the grizzlies??
brownsjoe::no rose
KingGeorge53::Missed that game.
brownsjoe::NO ROSE...
