Logic::Another off night by ClayT against the Rockets. Curry did not shoot well and it is hardfor GS to win if those two have off nights with their depleted lineup. Great game by Lee, Bogut and Speights. GS will be fine one Iguadala returns and they get J O'Neal back.  F minus game for the refs. They basically took Curry of the floor calling ghost fouls in the first half. Then they T Green because he complained about getting hacked. There were numerous complaints all game from players on both teams and no one got T's except Green.  The worst was the 3 pt play given to Howard at the end when he actually shoved Lee to get the rebound. NBA officials are a continuous JOKE.
erwin::Lin was producing and playing good before the injury.  So, this is all rust and probably not 100% healthy yet - he'll get eventually get back to his old form.
Ryan::Warriors fan till I die but honestly if they make the playoffs this year they better hope they don't face Houston. They have had two years to figure out how to play this team and have still got burned over 70% of the time. No way they win against the Rockets in a 7-game series.
Ryan::Warriors just love to throw up bricks and get handed their @s#s to them repeatedly by the same team game after game. Jackson is a good motivational speaker, nothing more. He is a mediocre coach at best, takes out Speights for good after the guy single handedly kept them in the game during that stretch in the 4th? Rockets played well when it mattered and totallyl exposed this fraud coach.
PKM::FIrst time in a while the Warriors got out shot in their own gym.
Mo::Good thing I did not waste my time finishing that garbage of the game I was watching earlier...
abcforme::Warriors down as usual at half.  Hopefully they get a few hometown calls to even out some of the awful calls (or non calls) in the first half.
oldsecretary::Just for people's information.  There are some posters whose comments don't add anything to this forum and whose posts are racist and meant to rile up your emotions.  I'm talking about DOT and #$%$.    What you can do is what I did.  On one of their comments click on the flag next to the thumbs up/down and you can 'mute' their ids so you don't see their comments anymore.  If all of us do it, then DOT and #$%$ are busying posting comments thinking everyone's reading them when no one is reading them.  So as of now, I have no idea now what DOT and #$%$ are posting nor do I care.
PKM::Warriors defense has been terrible to start this game.
Jimmy::Rockets up by 2 with over a minute left, see-saw game, jones took bogut to the basket bogut challenged his shot and missed, all david lee has to do is rebound but no, he let howard pushed him around under the basket, howard grabbed the rebound, scored and lee fouled him to booot  hahahahahaha   GREAT JOB DAVID LEE ONCE AGAIN,  WARRIORS LOSE AGAIN!!!!!!!  This is going to happen and happened time and time again, david lee is a defensive casualty for the warriors!!  He's too short to guard power forwards and too slow to guard small forwards.   Jackson preaches about playing good defense, and then i see david lee and i was like, what defense jackson  hahaha  COME ON STOP LYING TO YOURSELF JACKSON !!!
