Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::where is that guy who was on here yesterday doing fake trade scenarios talking about trade Lin for this guy and that guy..i think he said j smoove and josh smith among others..he also kept saying send  t-rob to the  d league
gballr38::oh yeah, smoove rocket is the guy your talking about. Positing everywhere how Josh Smith is the second coming n what not. Repeatedly saying send our power fowards away and sign Smith. He also always defended Smith even when he turned the ball over, he has a man crush on him
bobbydagreat::That guy is just a Josh Smith fan, he's hoping that DMo and Robinson fail so the Rockets will have need for Smith, unfortunately, they aren't failing.
1953cdw::yeah I saw him...and he refused to hold off judgement on the deal for T-Rob until we had a chance to blend him in. He was in love with Pat Patterson
Jackiemoonsexy::<b>Lin is underrated, he is carrying his team even though his coach is trying to bury him every game</b>
shamwow24::but jeremy lin isnt doing bad..soo..?
OrdellR::haha. right. they paid up for him and now they are trying to bury him bc they hate winning. great theory. watching lin suck and landry fields on the bench for the raptors are sweet sights for a knicks fan. jim dolan = genius
RNYC_125::delusional
3rdCoastTexan281::For those that doubt Morey's wizardry...  "Our 17 best second-rounders since 2006: Paul Millsap, Steve Novak, Carl Landry, Glen Davis, Marc Gasol, Ramon Sessions, Nikola Pekovic, DeAndre Jordan, Omer Asik, Goran Dragic, Marcus Thornton, Chase Budinger, Danny Green, Lance Stephenson, Kyle Singler, Chandler Parsons and Isaiah Thomas. Including Novak (whom they waived eventually), the Rockets somehow landed four of them."  4 out of 17 ain't bad.
Jackiemoonsexy::<b>Passing on Scal was his biggest mistake, its like Portland picking up Bowie over Jordan</b>
dj_kelo05::scal was drafted in 2001....what r u talking about ??
1953cdw::Count me as one of those that thinks Morey is brilliant. When has he EVER traded someone...that ended up being better...or even the SAME as when that person was with the Rockets??
1953cdw::Well, we need to make some noise in the play offs before I call him a genius...but I will definitely admit he is sorely under rated as a GM!
3rdCoastTexan281::The Lowry trade netted us the pick that was sent to the Thunder for Harden. Dragic definitely priced himself out...look where the Suns are with him. The Scola amnesty was necessary because he was no longer playing up to his contract. Moving on from Scola allowed for more playing time for Patterson and Morris upping their trade value this season, so they could eventually be moved for more valuable pieces. Martin was also part of the Harden trade, so that's a win.  Very rarely does Morey not make the correct move. He's a genius.
1953cdw::I agree with you...but actually trading a player he should not have traded? Lowery is clearly not the same player and his team is going no where. I would have liked to keep Dragic...but he priced himself out of the market and Morey correctly assumed that Lin would more than adequate. Scola?...best years behind him and he is not helping his team either. K-Mart?...perfect for Thunder who only need him to shoot (all he can do, anyway)
3rdCoastTexan281::His two biggest mistakes that I can think of were the Terrence Williams trade, which could cost us our 1st round draft pick this year, and the Royce White draft pick, which remains to be seen as a mistake.
LouieLou1::This was like the Monstars vs the Tune Squad before they got Jordan
NewAges::Rockets just signed Aaron Brooks, an established PG....Do you think they will ship Lin out when the season is over?
NewAges::@Rockets_blowout  Base on recent sighed with Aaron Brooks, the Rockets now have 3 PGs
LouieLou1::He had one good year with the Rockets, and he's struggled ever since he was traded by them. I would hardly call that established.
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::did you watch last nights game or heard about it?  you actually asked that question after that??  what does Lin have to do to be a keeper after lastnight?
1953cdw::No...Brooks is just for some bench strength. he is not the player he was a few years ago with the Rockets
dj_kelo05::Call me crazy but I thing the Rockets can gain ground on 5th.....
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::even though they are taking it one game at a time and are not looking at the standings??
dj_kelo05::yeah im sure they're not focused on that...they're just focused on finishing strong...but as a fan of the Rockets and the game looking at other teams schedules...we're tied for 7th if Utah and GS lose we'll be 1/2 a game in the 7th and and would be knocking 6th door
Children of a Worthless God::I would love to see a Rockets-Clippers series. Asik could guard Griffin, and Harden could be put on Paul.   On a side note, I would love to see Thomas Robinson get some more minutes.
X123knight::Are you smoking or something .. Harden does not play defense
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::bring it!!!  im down with that life!!!  im about that life!!!
dj_kelo05::he's coming along im sure as his confidence builds he will work for more min
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::where is that guy that keeps wanting to trade Lin and send D-Rob to the D league (no pun intended)???
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::could never understand his lingo
dj_kelo05::he's one of those fans that thinks we can trade for anyone and teams will of their stars for role players
dj_kelo05::Lin and T-rob will be fine
dj_kelo05::u should have ask him what PG will we trade for Lin
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::i knowwww but yesterday, this 'person kept posting about fake trades involving  lin and sending d-rob down
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::yoooo
1953cdw::I did not watch the game so not sure of Cuban was in attendance. If he was, I bet you could have fried an egg on his forehead!!
dj_kelo05::lol
1953cdw::Actually, IF the Lakers make the playoffs...its most likely going to be Golden State they pass rather than the Rockets or the Jazz. GS has a lot of home games left...but they have been exposed recently for being a very mediocre team. I'm hoping the Rockets snag the 6 seed so they can avoid the Thunder or the Spurs. They don't play well against the Clippers either but I will take my chances there
dj_kelo05::Im sure the Lakers will drop more games...and their wheels will fall off along the way....I have the Lakers losing at least 10 more games...but GS have a tough schedule ahead
mdastr0_6::in the end the rockets and the rockets and will finish the season in their place...picking 15th after just missing the playoffs.  sorry yall mediocre
3rdCoastTexan281::Mdastro is a Katrina refugee from New Orleans. I guess he didn't enjoy his time in Houston, so he spends a lot of time trolling Houston boards on ESPN. Sad.
KeriTheCreoleTexan::It's pretty easy to tell that you're upset. All will be okay.
dj_kelo05::yeah the warriors have a tough schedule
KeriTheCreoleTexan::I don't even know why he's worried about the Rockets. He should be trolling the Warriors and the Jazz.
dj_kelo05::if he is a Kobe fan boy he'll commit suicide
lmata1981::Maybe you should come to my math class. Just missing the playoffs with the best non-playoff record means you pick fourteenth. Sixteen teams enter the playoffs, fourteen are out. There's thirty teams in the league. And it is fifty dollars for that lesson.
dj_kelo05::You're either a Dallas fan or Lakers and you're butt hurt
dj_kelo05::mistaken with the Lakers
dj_kelo05::' $@%!
1953cdw::Might be a different story back in Dallas on Wednesday night. Mavs have pride. And the few days rest might help those old legs. That being said...I think the Rockets still win.
Selvin4715::I hope so, after all this was our first W vs Dallas in a few years.
Kassom69::Ok all you POFs .  It was teamwork  that won the game enough of this Parson this Parson that.  Just kidding. He deserves all the praise!!!!:)
dj_kelo05::yeah 92 % and score 32 pts he is a sleeper...I still cant believe they sag off of him despite dropping daggers on multiple teams
KeriTheCreoleTexan::dj_kelo05 - lol man to think what the Rockets could do with one more solid starting piece with these role players = DEADLY  Incredibly!
dj_kelo05::lol man to think what the Rockets could do with one more solid starting piece with these role players = DEADLY
KeriTheCreoleTexan::They have no choice. When you have so many shooters and scorers on the team, you have to pick your poison. Sucks for them for years to come! lol
1953cdw::I wonder how many teams are shaking their heads for letting Chandler Parson slip to the 2nd round last year...I bet the Mavs are one of those teams
dj_kelo05::2011 was a deep draft with some pretty good players
dj_kelo05::Honeycutt went 35th and Parsons went 38th lol
Selvin4715::It happens all the time. You can also blame it on him being white lol
cfylong::LOL, you can also blame Lin being undrafted on his being Chinese.
dj_kelo05::lol
texasluva2::I don't know what was the worst about this game. The Mavs giving up 136 points, losing by 33, giving up 44 points in the 3rd quarter, getting outscored by 27 points in the 3rd or Dirk scoring 8 points. How pathetic can the Mavs be. This team is going NOWHERE fast.
Selvin4715::You guys need to get younger...Dirk, Carter, Marion, Brand &amp; James are all 33 or older. I thinks its time to turn the page, time to re-build.
earlealston::The only people not happy about this win are Mavs fans......and Lakers fans.
dj_kelo05::yep
1953cdw::Still shaking my head about last night's game. Rockets so close to being an elite team. And Parsons 32 and Nowitski 8???  Dang!
jpeacock82::Rockets are a great young team...TONS of potential especially if they can nab another max player!
Dawan208::Seems like these young Rockets players are developing a good chemistry together. (Harden, Parson,  Lin , D-Mo, T-Rob and Asik).   They are " dotting each other I 's and crossing each others T's".   Now it's up to Morey to see if he'll split up this well oiled machine again!!!!!!
atreed88::I do the basketball and...when win Rockets me happy feel...
LetsPlayScRyB::its sad i had to leave my board cuz nobody talks about basketball *sigh*
LetsPlayScRyB::i guess people living in different cities is a better topic
md_astr0_10::lakers still gonna knock the rockets out.
DuaneXC::The Lakers may get in but, it's probably Utah that gets bounced in the process.
clemson4813::Lakers are garbage and will not make the playoffs.
Horns_Forever::Moronic statement, If they're "gonna knock" anyone out it'll be the Jazz, they have a much tougher sched.
popnlocke::Too much talk about Lin, not enough talk about the better Chandler Parsons.
jacques1313::Parsons can score, but the kid can't grab a board to save his damn life
basket_guru::where is defense? Rick, it's question for you...
eenz3::Anyone wanna talk about basketball again?
Ismael0627::Parson's +30, Lin almost got a double double, and the Mavs throw the towel in 3rd quarter.
Ismael0627::I know he always gets a double double
DuaneXC::He went 10/10/5 (stl.)...hopefully McHale can get the same kinds of complete efforts out of his other posts - i.e. Motiejunas and T-Rob
Dezagcoog::You forgot Asik DID get a double double.
vonsteve6868::Damn, it's nothing but grammar school and Laker idiots focused on the wrong team in here.
sneaky smooth::Your post will be deleted instantly if you have any grammatical errors.  Using "..." Is a grammatical error. It should only be used when quoting someone, to shorten their quote or indicate you are cutting this section out. I'll let it slide.
NewAges::Like everyone here never mistype or misspell.......so much grammar for public forums...lol
NewAges::lol...back to grammar school?
Dezagcoog::LOL I love em. miss em.
bobbydagreat::http://youtu.be/0gu2_ALY7oA?t=3m15s
Dezagcoog::Thank goodness! I was worried it would be lost on this board.
bobbydagreat::Of course
Dezagcoog::Do you know sifl and olly?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOfa6JEIVkk
bobbydagreat::LOL, it really does change the entire meaning. I graduated from jerk off school at the top of my class......err sorry I meant to say I graduated from law school at the top of my class
Dezagcoog::All i know is that you take Pico down to Colorado. Then Colorado to Las Palmas and that's how you get to Llama school....sorry grammar school.
sneaky smooth::New Thought: about grammar. English language
sneaky smooth::Turn right, turn right, TURN RiGhT
bobbydagreat::"Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo" is a grammatically correct sentence.
Dezagcoog::LOLOL fair enough!
bobbydagreat::Well that's what makes it a poor sentence, but it's grammatically correct.
Dezagcoog::but you have no qualifiers. So It can't work past the first bullying/intimidating
bobbydagreat::It means that the buffalo from Buffalo, buffalo (bully) the buffalo from Buffalo while being bullied by the buffalo from Buffalo
Dezagcoog::Sorry, or impress instead of baffle
Dezagcoog::I can't make it out. Best I can get is "Buffalo buffalo Buffalo" Past that I can't see building on it. Which could mean Buffalo or bathrobes, baffle Buffalo. So Buffalo or bathrobes confuse the animals.
Dezagcoog::I see six diff meanings lol.
Dezagcoog::Fair enough. I will. lol
bobbydagreat::It's true, look it up. The word buffalo has 3 different meanings.
Dezagcoog::LOL I'm not completely sure about that.
sneaky smooth::Volvo
NewAges::Rockets fans, but hash(mispell it suppose to be "bash") the Rockets, are worst of all.....they are not worth Rockets fans ever!
sneaky smooth::I'm a HOF
Dezagcoog::You want to write " Rockets fans that bash the Rockets are the worst of all...they aren't worthy of being called Rockets fans."  and you're right, but I wouldn't call a person bashing the Rockets a Rockets fan even if they claim to be so themselves.
NewAges::Well...McHail never brought any team to the playoff before the Rockets....So we can not really sure he is that good does he? same thing applies to player with a few good games....yet it doesn't mean that McHail is not bias even he can bring team to playoff...
eenz3::NewAges - I do not bash McHail for no reason.....after I have seen so many bias against Lin from Mchail  But think about this, McHale got this team on its first year as a rebuilding team in a position to make the playoffs. That is something you should be happy about. If he has a problem with Lin which I'm not sure if he really has, then let them deal with it.
Dezagcoog::No one said for no reason. But you just proved your a LOF.
bobbydagreat::Unfortunately that bias you see is all in your mind.
NewAges::I do not bash McHail for no reason.....after I have seen so many bias against Lin from Mchail
eenz3::I'm not really into McHale also, but he got this rebuilding team in a good position to make the playoffs on its first year so who am I to judge the guy.
bobbydagreat::Yeah the "Fire McHale" BS every other day when the Rockets are set to make the playoffs is a bit much
Dezagcoog::I think he's trying to not be an LOF, but he bashes McHale, so that's just as bad
eenz3::I'm starting to think that NewAges isn't LOF, he's just a guy who is really hard to understand sometimes.
NewAges::I never bash any Rockets player....yet I have seen many claimed they are Rockets fan but they bashed on the Rockets players....
Dezagcoog::yeah...LOLOLOL me too.
bobbydagreat::Which ironically, is why I call out a lot of Lin fans on not really being Rockets fans.
eenz3::LOL. NewAges, one word can screw up the entire sentence, you can't blame us for not understanding that sentence at first.
NewAges::Good English writer as advertised should recognize this mistake...
Dezagcoog::no, no one could recognize that mistake.
bobbydagreat::Ah, gotcha, that makes more sense.
Dezagcoog::SEE! I knew the word hash was the disconnect in the sentence. Still badly written but at least it makes sense now.
Dezagcoog::Do you know what hash means? I mean I'm trying to understand the disconnect in the sentence.
sneaky smooth::Think drug enforcement agency (DEA)
bobbydagreat::Ask Asik, he's Turkish, he probably knows all about hashish
bobbydagreat::I think he was trying to say something like Rockets fans who hate the Rockets aren't worth anything or that they were worst of all or something like that. It really didn't make any sense
Dezagcoog::yes, yes he probably does. No i just want to understand what he meant in that sentence. I think he was trying to say that rocket fans who don't something aren't worthy of being called rockets fans. But what that something is, is beyond me.
sneaky smooth::U don't know what hash means?
Dezagcoog::Is that what I said? did I mistype? Is it not obvious to everyone else besides you right now that I was asking NewAges?
NewAges::Some people start to correct other people's grammar, when they fail reasoning their arguments
NewAges::Yeah....no one can understand me...yet answered all my repsonses...lol
bobbydagreat::Most of the time you make sentences that convey meaning, "Rockets fans, but hash the Rockets, are worst of all.....they are not worth Rockets fans ever" is not a collection of words that make any sense so we don't know what you were trying to say.
sneaky smooth::LOL DIRK LOL
NewAges::Believe or not.....People do that to native English writer too.....when they fail reasoning....
Dezagcoog::Yeah and believe it or not, your last main post didn't say anything. NO ONE understands what you wrote besides yourself.
bobbydagreat::You misunderstand, what you wrote literally meant nothing in the English language, I can't reason with what I can't understand. That's all I was saying.
bobbydagreat::Honestly, you might as well have written "Up dolphin left cheese to the fan door front sky mirror"
NewAges::this is now called "coherent English that you two can communicate with?"
Dezagcoog::LOLOLOL
bobbydagreat::Others point out that a statement was constructed with words that don't add up to meaning when they see an attempt at a sentence that doesn't make any sense. I literally have no clue what you were trying to say because the words you put together don't combine to create (or rather convey) meaning.
NewAges::this what American call beating around the bs....
Dezagcoog::No, it's called "no one can understand what that means cause there is no coherent sentence there."
NewAges::lol......yeah, it called creative writing for not copy other people words...
eenz3::In fairness to bobby I didn't get the meaning of your sentence too. This one "Rockets fans, but hash the Rockets, are worst of all.....they are not worth Rockets fans ever!" It literally meant nothing.
bobbydagreat::"Beating around the bush"
Dezagcoog::No American calls ANYTHING beating around the bs...
NewAges::Rockets fans, but hash the Rockets, are worst of all.....they are not worth Rockets fans ever!
NewAges::LakersAreGone......this is not grammar school .....do I really care when some low iq can't even read the message?
NewAges::Lin &gt; Harden   ---LetsGoMavs 6.0
LetsGoMavs 6.0::Lin &gt; Harden  - NewAges
LakersAreGone::Well, the readers of your sh i tty messages care cause we wasted time reading nothing.
NewAges::Who care when English is my second language.....i bet you can't even spell another language.
Dezagcoog::I can speak and write a few languages, and I can tell you that those words mean nothing together.
bobbydagreat::I bet I can.
bobbydagreat::That's not an actual sentence in English. Those are all English words, but they don't go together to make a coherent sentence.
bobbydagreat::Between Lin fans and Lakers fans, I think I prefer Lakers fans, they are both annoying but at least Lakers fans don't pretend to be Rockets fans.
NewAges::Rockets fans but hash the Rockets are worst of all.....they are not worth Rockets fans ever!
bobbydagreat::Try again in English.
eenz3::they both constantly claim their idols are better than Jordan so both are annoying
LetsGoMavs 6.0::lmao very true
LetsGoMavs 6.0::that is debatable
jcsny::bobbydagreat I do. I like Lin and his upside, I just wish his fans weren't so annoying.   Get over it.  Blame Les and Morey.
bobbydagreat::eenz3 - Melo started all the hate. LOL  Yeah well Melo is a one trick pony volume shooter that is a cancer to any team he's on
eenz3::Speaking of D-Mo, he played really well today specially on defense. But he should really work on his stamina.
eenz3::Melo started all the hate. LOL
LetsGoMavs 6.0::No one would hate on lin if these lin only fans didn't try to say Lin is better than Harden
bobbydagreat::He does, but he's a long way from realizing it, similar to Motiejunas. He's making strides every day and he has the occasional amazing game, but he hasn't put it all together yet and he's still essentially a rookie
eenz3::Good for you, because yeah, he really has a high ceiling.
bobbydagreat::I do. I like Lin and his upside, I just wish his fans weren't so annoying.
eenz3::Are there any rockets fans that actually like Lin as their sarting PG? I'm not hating I'm genuinely curious.
LetsGoMavs 6.0::Agreed but Laker fans will quickly reverse their LA Lakers jersey into LA Clippers jersey when Lakers end up missing the playoffs lol. Then if clippers lose in the 1st round they will claim to be heat fans
bobbydagreat::I mean they are very similar in other regards. Someone tells me they are a Laker fan, I assume they don't know much about basketball. Someone tells me they are a Lin fan, I assume they don't know much about basketball. Lin fans are trolls, Lakers fans are trolls. Really the only difference is that Lin fans pretend to be Rockets fans
la leakers::@letsgomavs  lets not forget we beat okc and teams like that too. oh yeah the bad teams we beat included the mavs lol.
LetsGoMavs 6.0::i know mavs suck and lakers can only beat bad teams
LakersAreGone::The Rockets have 21 games left after tonight.  12 at home and 9 on the road.  Of these 21 games, 9 are against teams ahead of them in the standing and 12 are against those below them in the standings.    Its not unreasonable to assume Houston wins a minimum of 13 remaining games meaning a record of 46-36 on the season.   The Lakers have 22 games left....10 at home and 12 away.  They face 11 teams above them in the standings and 11 below including games vs. San Antonio, LA Clippers, GSW x2, OKC, Indiana, Chicago, Atlanta, and Memphis.   For the Lakers to overtake the Rockets closing with a 13-8  record, they themselves would have to close out 17-5 the rest of the way.  I don't see that happening.
la leakers::they didnt struggle atlanta played a good game and devin harris had a crazy 3rd quarter. nothing can stop us though. we have kobe.
LakersAreGone::Assuming the Lakers go undefeated at home the rest of the way, (and thats a HUGE assumption),  they would STILL have to win 7 of 12 road games too.  AND that's assuming Houston doesn't close better.    Better chase another team.  Good luck tho.
LetsGoMavs 6.0::nice job liking your own comment loser
la leakers::yeah they can those games u mentioned are mostly at staples center and their record has really been that good lately.
LetsGoMavs 6.0::Lakers can only beat bad team. Lakers are a joke
LakersAreGone::The Lakers struggled to beat Portland and Atlanta at home recently.  They aren't that much better than they were.
hookem5746::Thinking way too hard man..just watch the season unfold lol
LetsGoMavs 6.0::Lets go Rockets and Jazz!!!! Any team that doesn't allow the Lakers to get into the playoffs is a win for everyone. I would rather see the Jazz and Rockets get 7th and 8th seed than the stupid Lakers
la leakers::mavs ar like 10th or 11 place. not too sure. i dont even care. lol
DuaneXC::LetsGoMavs 6.0 - At least we don't have a huge payroll like the joke lakers. I'm going to lmao at the lakers when the lakers miss the playoffs with 3 Hof and over 100+ ,million dollar payroll  This is a good assessment.  Houston and Dallas also have the most cap space coming into the Summer...
LetsGoMavs 6.0::At least we don't have a huge payroll like the joke lakers. I'm going to lmao at the lakers when the lakers miss the playoffs with 3 Hof and over 100+ ,million dollar payroll
la leakers::hahaha keep dreaming buddy
LetsGoMavs 6.0::9th place buddy
bobbydagreat::"yeah....bobby.... publicly criticized one of your player when your team just won one of the best teams in the west....sound like good coach..."  Again, one line about how he still has a lot to learn in the middle of an interview completely full of praise is now seen as publicly criticizing him. LOL, do you realize how ridiculous you sound?
NewAges::full of praise by making up 9 TOs sound about right....as same iq as LOHs
NewAges::well show your actual interviews that you read...no one here see what you said what you have read...
bobbydagreat::Try to read the actual interview, not one excerpt in a tabloid and get back to me.
hookem5746::Everyone on here is an idiot.  They won't listen to reason, logic, or stats.  We are helpless.  Too many ignorant " rockets fans" and LOF
la leakers::rockets at lakers last game of season. sucks to be rockets haha
eenz3::Yes the playoffs is all that matters, I'm sorry that the Lakers won't be there
la leakers::i dont care what seed i am all that matters has been playoffs since day 1. maybe it matters to u guys tho idk
hookem5746::We will be in the 6 seed slot.  Game won't matter for us you idiot
bobbydagreat::Why? The Lakers suck and the Rockets will have the 6 seed locked down by then.
bobbydagreat::Congratulations, how many games over .500 are they now?
la leakers::lakers suck? 13-5 in the last 18. btw we will probably have 6 seed u guys might have 7 or 8. we will see
TTE365::smdh at people who think mchale hates his 24 year old point guard who just signed a 3 year 25 million dollar contract.   are people really that stupid? patience people. this is the youngest team in the nba and they are in position to make the playoffs in the west.
NewAges::some of LOHs fail to know that McHail cut Lin a season before that and GM and owner got Lin back with 25m. McHail does not recognize his mistake
bobbydagreat::The coach doesn't cut anyone idiot. Morey cut him, Morey signed him back. Try to keep up
hookem5746::No patience for Lin I know ball handling and PG skills when I see them.  Dragic was far superior to Lin.
DuaneXC::Come on...this coming off a game where he went for 21/9?    But, I'm really impressed by anyone who projected the Rockets to be better than (33-28) at this point when the season began...
NewAges::here we go another rockets fans who think someone not on the Rocket roster better than current Rockets
bobbydagreat::Yes, people are.
hookem5746::Had to leave the trolling lakers board.  McHale is fine this team isn't even supposed to be in the hunt.  No one on our team started last year!!!!!
eenz3::hookem5746 - Had to leave the trolling lakers board.  McHale is fine this team isn't even supposed to be in the hunt.  No one on our team started last year!!!!!  Author Blocker my man, so you won't see those f-in smileys at LAs board
bobbydagreat::Exactly. Can you imagine how crazy these fans would be if the Rockets record was what it was expected to be?
hookem5746::Rofl.  And all this patience for Lin stuff.  A) Dragic was great last year and is still better than Lin.  B) We made a mistake by not signing Dragic C) Now we are stuck with Lin.
m_gunners::Excellent win for the Rockets but it will be sweet is they can win at Dallas this Wed to tie up the series at 2-2.....despite the win,it is now a close 4 way battle for the last 3 slots and Rockets face 3 away games before a long stretch at home ( 7 in a row i think).....winning 2/3 away will surely clinch their berth in the playoffs but if they lose all 3,then the tension will creep in again.
jtanglaw::Mchael- " Lin u sit today just like the usual routine!"  Lin- " Alright couch! Do what u gotta do, im getting paid sitting or playing!"   Fans- " Stupid Coach! I blame the coach"  Haters- "bench Lin, his just an average PG. LOHs"  Rockets fans- " who cares, we won and thats what matters!"  Me- "LOL" Discrimination will always be there no matter what!
NewAges::@bobbythegreat,  Please explain this bs after Lin helped W over the Thunders....  Kevin McHale won’t make the same proclamation about Lin. Not yet. The Houston coach calls his playmaker “a home run hitter,” and doesn’t mean that in a good way.   “Sometimes he’d rather have 29 points and nine turnovers and I tell him, ‘Jeremy, we’re trying to win,’ ” McHale said.     Read more: http://www.nydailynews.com/sports/basketball/nets/bondy-deron-health-p-pins-needles-article-1.1271479#ixzz2MAlTXd24
Dawan208::That's a statement that doesn't belong to Lin , he's never trying to run up the score .   What game is McHale watching????
NewAges::yeah....bobby.... publicly criticized one of your player when your team just won one of the best teams in the west....sound like good coach...
bobbydagreat::It's a statement about him making "rookie mistakes", and making bad decisions. You know, like every time he drives the lane and jumps in the air without a plan and has to make an emergency pass to avoid traveling.....
bobbydagreat::Pretty obvious isn't it? He thinks it's best for the team if Lin is a "singles and doubles" hitter instead of a "home run hitter'. Lin, like most young players, have a bad habit of swinging for the fences when they should make the smarter play. That quote was taken out of an interview where McHale was going on and on about how good Lin is and how much progress he has made. Of course there is one line of constructive criticism about his game and Lin fans go crazy, just stop. You are embarrassing yourselves.
eenz3::I agree that Lin makes a lot of rookie mistakes but the comment was nowhere near appropriate. The comment was implying that Lin is ballhogging or playing for individual stats but we all know that Lin doesn't do that. McHale can criticize Lin all he wants, he's the coach so he has every right to. I just think it's wrong to imply that he is being a ball hog.
bobbydagreat::NewAges - @Bobby....team game, everyone know that but why Lin is the one with criticism even when the Rockets won?  Again, who said he was? That was just one line taken out of a MUCH longer interview that Lin fans blew completely out of proportion.
bobbydagreat::eenz3 - McHale's comment was a little exaggerated, it might be demoralizing too.  If it's demoralizing then he's a mental midget who doesn't belong in professional sports. I give him more credit than that.
NewAges::@Bobby....team game, everyone know that but why Lin is the one with criticism even when the Rockets won?
eenz3::McHale's comment was a little exaggerated, it might be demoralizing too.
bobbydagreat::NewAges - Did Lin win that game for the Rockets?  No one player "wins" games, it's a team sport.
bobbydagreat::"Why didn't he say that about other players then?"  How many other players are the starting PG?
NewAges::can you read? ....its on the news....no one make it up here
Dawan208::bobbydagreat - It's nothing but a true statement, false controversy propagated by a fanbase looking to blame someone for Lin not tearing up the stat sheet this year.  Why didn't he say that about other players then?
bobbydagreat::It's nothing but a true statement, false controversy propagated by a fanbase looking to blame someone for Lin not tearing up the stat sheet this year.
NewAges::Did Lin win that game for the Rockets?
eenz3::I do hope that the quote was taken out of context, because if that is true then that is one f u c ke d up coach.
eenz3::If anything, McHale is the one who cost us some games because of his system. But I really can't believe that he would say that about Lin. I've seen a lot of their games and Lin is very unselfish it is mind boggling that McHale still finds fault in that.
eenz3::That is just f u ck ed up. I read the article. If this is true then McHale really has a serious problem with Lin. If anything McHale is the one who have cost us some games because of his system.
bobbydagreat::"On Lin, McHale said tonight was a high-end game not only for Lin, but it also woulda been high end for CP3 too. In other words, great game"  McHale clearly hates Lin.
jtanglaw::Mchael- " Lin u sit today just like the usual routine!" Lin- " Alright couch! Do what u gotta do, im getting paid sitting or playing!"  Fans- " Stupid Coach! I blame the coach" Haters- "bench Lin, his just an average PG. LOHs" Rockets fans- " who cares, we won and thats what matters!" Me- "LOL" Discrimination will always be there no matter what!
eenz3::Really? I think it's official. McHale hates Lin
bobbydagreat::There are many differences between the two players, Harden is a superstar caliber player, Lin is not. Also, you don't know the extent of the injury.
NewAges::Answer the question above....stop beating around the bs....
bobbydagreat::NewAges - I thought Harden was injure but played more minutes than Lin.....you LOHs fail to see this  Calling a Rockets fan an "LOH" is very stupid, it would be more appropriate to call them "ROF" or Rockets only fans. The Bulls must really hate Derrick Rose because he's injured too and he hasn't played at all this year....
NewAges::At the end of the third qtr , even announcer said McHail asked Harden. " how long does he want play?".....clearly bias
NewAges::I thought Harden was injure but played more minutes than Lin.....you LOHs fail to see this
bobbydagreat::Sarcasm man, although I'm sure some of Lin's stupid fanbase will complain about it.
eenz3::It's a blowout so It's ok that Lin only played 25 mins. It's better for his ankle.
bobbydagreat::LOL, at least according to Lin's fans. Can you believe McHale BENCHED Lin in this game?!?!?!?! Only 25 minutes!!!
eenz3::@New Ages    That is just f u ck ed up. I read the article. If this is true then McHale really has a serious problem. If anything McHale is the one who have cost us some games because of his system.
hernon254::Solid win.  This team is starting to gel.  They have a playoff upset waiting for a team in the first round
