UCLA ORIGINAL::When Sessions was out of the game we looked stagnant as Kobe dribbled to much and Bynum looked sloppy versus the double in the post.  Liked the kid, liked him 3 weeks ago, why didn't we pull that deal earlier?????????? Don't like the number he took, whats up with that? That's L.O's number!!!! Mcroberts needs more minutes, he's awesome around the rim on both offense and defense! Look out Thunder, you better be ready!!!!!!
Lilwillaf24::I agree
LaughingMan01::McRoberts looked good because of Sessions. It looks like the Lakers are a lot more different with acquiring Sessions.
xLAKobe24x::how did we barely beat the puppies
tr3ylv1::right..we maintained leads of 10-16 pts througout the game..wolves just cleaned up the mess at the end..
youdontknowshiii::you clearly didnt watch the game
JFK1955::continuing the same meme from last night &gt; clippers fan
SuperBeastModeX::3 dudes 1 cup &gt; being a clippers fan
xLAKobe24x::josh mcrib is solid with a good pointguard to lob him balls
xxboltsfan17::Did I mention Bynum is now THE BEST C IN THE WEST BY FAR?!!!! He's starting to remind me of Wilt! We're better than we were last year and IMO better than the year before when we won a ring.
UCLA ORIGINAL::Better than Wilt? Hold on playa, don't get ahead of yourself. Bynum has improved and is probably behind schedule due to all the injuries but he is looking good. WILT,,,,,,, PLEASE!
nidhoggfaffy::Bynum in two heathy years will be better then the one trick pony called Howard.
dmodmodmo::That may be true but he's got time to improve it, and already has... he honestly gets pretty smothered when double teamed it looks rough
Agnostic11::He's getting better but his passing out of the double team sucks and he wasn't very effective last night with Petrovic guarding him.
xxboltsfan17::LAKERS ARE BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Agnostic11::Back? They never left my friend.
LakersRule2008::LAKERS still have three pieces of trash on the bench and what's with Blake.......29 minutes and 0 points.
jrinc24::6 assists?
Lilwillaf24::Those 6assist would look even better with done points
Agnostic11::Fisher would have at least scratched. Blake sucks.
JosePabloMontoyasNascarToyota::yeah but that doesn't help as much when you score 0....feels like fisher is out there still....
xxboltsfan17::At least we finally dumped walton!!!!!!
sidthemagnificent::Good morning Lakers Nation: The smell of the June 2012 NBA Championship is in the air;Get your gears ready for the Figuera Boulevard Parade!The deadweight is gone and the tweaks were made for winning NBA titles now and in the future!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!It will be sweet and enchanting  to celebrate the 17th Championship in June 2012!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lilwillaf24::I feel the lakers are much better but we have to see how we do the rest of the season with sessions. Hopefully they start him to back up Kobe of they don't is a waste of talent
youdontknowshiii::give him a chance
Agnostic11::I'm not as excited as you guys are about Jordan Hill. I think this will be his only season with us. He's awkward on the court. I would have preferred Beasley but Minn sorry a$$es pulled out at the last minute. Stern, were you involved?
xxboltsfan17::With Sessions we got this! Can't wait to see Jordan Hill!
TWOLVES HATERS LOVE CANCER::Lakers fans deserve cancer. They act like the Wolves are the worst team in the game. I hope a gun kills some of them as well.
youdontknowshiii::you mad? twolves will not make the playoffs....keep raging
Agnostic11::Why would anyone say someone deserves cancer or a bullet to their bodies? You're a sick human being.
xxboltsfan17::But I am proud of our schooling of the wolves because they are a damn good team this year and Love is one of the best players I've seen in years.
xxboltsfan17::The f***k? The wolves are a good team, but they are our b**tches. What are we in a 19 game win streak against them?! Sorry we just have the Wolves #, and although Love and Petrovitch schooled us last night what did the other players do? NOTHING. And Sessions, we love ya man!
LakersRule2008::You're a sick AH
sidthemagnificent::We,true die-hard Lakers'fans,have a special place in our hearts for Minneapolis,the birthplace of our legendary Lakers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We respect the Wolves,and wish them a lot of good luck!!!We are loyals and appreciatives of the roots of our beloved Lakers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
micawayne0807::The Lakers only needed an average point guard who can do the traditional point guards duties. Which include running the break, defending other quick pg's, breaking down the defense and creating while when Kobe is not on the attack. Haven't seen much of Ramon Sessions, but I hope he has the confidence and mental focus to be the Lakers starting pg.
the_jonz::Sessions had pretty good stats considering it was his very first game as a Laker, with absolutely NO practice ... his first game = what would have been a pretty decent game from Fisher ... Steve Blake just had an off night as well, remember his 17 pt game vs. Portland? THAT'S what he's definitely capable of ...
king90813::Sessions kinda looks and plays like Rod Strickland
eightbitme::We up in here.  So get used to it.  Feels like a new year. So get used to it.  The Lake Show, baby. So get used to it.  Run it like the 80's.  Whoop whooop      And y'all better get used to.  The take over  And y'all better get used to it.  The games over  And y'all better get used to it.  Hand it over.   :-)
boom.shaka.::I love the smell of 3 game division lead in the morning.
Dez Ware::Sessions should provide much needed speed and athleticism.  I like Hill's potential too but most seem to be downplaying his game.  He was a high draft choice and has shown flashes.  I'd rather see him than Murphy tho he cannot hit the 3 like Murphy.
boom.shaka.::I know Sessions <i>should</i> start, but I like the idea of him running the second unit too -- it would give them a scoring option while the starters rest.
Shad6252::i think if sessions stays aggressive, lakers can to this decent point guard into a star....
jim_cash1021::star? LOL
TheSportsDude2011::yes sir
Shad6252::i think barnes and mwp will play better and have better looks with having quick point guards assisting them.  fisher was a glaring hole and i cant understate what him not being on the team anymore will do.  huge impact just wait and see what we do in the playoffs now.  3 big post players and a speedy slasher is perfect combo for post play!!!
Chickism::Who was that little guy moving so fast to the rim and actually putting it in the basket??!!!  I'll miss Fish, but it makes me want to cry with joy  to see a point gurard of the Lakers that can outrun someone and lay it smoothly in the basket, with body control, at high speed.   Ever see a Fish try to drive to the basket?
Dez Ware::I like the offense for sure.  I hope his quickness can also slow down the other cat quick PGs in the league.
Shad6252::i know i am so excited to actually have a real point guard.
PhillyFlya::We haven't had a quick point guard like Sessions since... Nick Van Exel.
eightbitme::Fish will be missed, but I love the signing of Sesssions.  :-)
LakersRule2008::He will be missed, Blake sucks.
spur4lever::No tesm from la is any good
tr3ylv1::laugh of the night...
LakersRule2008::I HATE, LOATHE and DESPISE all TEAMS from TEXASS
ACandOJ::What the hell is a tesm??
PhillyFlya::... and your spelling isn't any good either.
DunkSoNu26::Hater!  I can tell you know nothing about basketball
THE REAL SASHA VUYACIC::It is a matter of time before Ramon is a starter and also finishing games
mhsmustang1::i like him better off the bench. we actually had some bench points, im all for him finishing the game tho
PhillyFlya::Good luck Ramon.
THE REAL SASHA VUYACIC::Is it possible that the rockets buy out Fishers contract; then he can come back to the lakers and sign a mini MLE?
heatcharger::No, the NBA made a rule in the new CBA that you cannot return to the team you were previously on until July 1
RicoTico7::That would be for a player , would that appty for , assistant coach?
PhillyFlya::Maybe Fisher could come back as a coach or specialty coach. He has that mentality and can provide being a great motivator. I understand it's a business but Fisher belongs in L.A. in some kind of capacity.
THE REAL SASHA VUYACIC::The past 30+ games; Barnes is the one always the one with the fastbreak alone, now he has sessions to push up the lane with.  Bench looks good so far but they usually play good at home considering they are 19-2 in staple center. so much for lob city.
THE REAL SASHA VUYACIC::Its unfortunate that the clippers can't beat the wolves consdering the lakers are 19-0 vs them.
tr3ylv1::not to mention 4-0 against wolves this season alone..
mhsmustang1::were still lob city....lakers are number one in the league for most oops last time i heard believe it or not. i could be wrong tho.
scorpione48::Sessions quickness &amp;  ability to get to the hole will be so valuable. Could Lakes have gotten Gerald Wallace &amp; Jamal Crawford too from Portlands "fire sale"  for just draft choices, rookies, &amp; non-producing vets with expiring contracts ? Sessions is a big ad for sure, but the 2 Blazers as well  would have all but delivered the championship. They were there for the taking......
Student-o-de-game::Sessions and Barnes seem to have chemistry. When Sessions starts move Barnes in and the Lakers now are a fast break team :)
rkini1::kobe doin' work.
mhsmustang1::just call it a spike lee joint
nba is the worst::West is amazingly competitve - Top 8 within 9 games of 1st place, the next 4 teams within 3 games of the last playoff spot.  The leastern conference?  8th seed is 15 games out of 1st, 4 games under .500
ACandOJ::What's new?? Some years the 7th &amp; 8th seeds in the Least are under .500
eightbitme::Tell me about it. For years the 8th seed in the west would have been the 4th or 5th seed in the east.  :-)
rex_coach::This trade has allowed for Mike Brown to add pieces to his scheme that works, vice "TRIANGLE" pieces that hasn't worked...  As a life long Laker fan, my jury is still out regarding Mike Brown's offense.  His defensive shceme/principles are awesome whn executed.  Good win Lake-Show.
OFrog::Are you out on bail from your showering with the kids in basketball Summer camp experience?
sidthemagnificent::This is how the Lakers will win an NBA Champuonship: Must have two units ,playing in each game, separately! Unit #1:Sessions,Kobe,,Bynum,Gasol,Barnes Unit#2:Blake,Goodelock,Mc roberts,MWP,Jordan Hiil Each unit would play togheter,to develop a consistency,with unit#2,replacing unit#1,in the 7 to 9 minutes mark of the quarter! This scheme would keep every player fresh and ready,within his own unit!At the risk of bashing the ears of Lakers'fans,,I will keep hammering away at this ideas,until the coaching staff get wind of it! I declare the Lakers as the 2012 NBA Champions!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Lakers add 17  exclamation points in your posts,and so forth...for the 17 Championships,by June 2012!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ACandOJ::No MWP plays with the 1st unit....his defense is big late in close games
sidthemagnificent::O.K..I was trying to have schemes of plays,integrated within coach Brown's schemes of bringing MWP,from the bench!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!But I agree with your idea of having MWP playing with the first unit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ACandOJ::Just saw the preview for the new season of Punk'd...looks like someone got MWP.  Lucky for everyone that didn't punk Ron Artest or that could've ended bad
Heat-Laker-Pats-Giants-Yankee-Phillies-Bruins-Rangers fan::Good win tonight boys!!!
sidthemagnificent::You are all over the place!
nba is the worst::Nice game. Side effect of the new competition, Steve Blake gets 6 ast to go with Sessions' 5.  Good sign!
mjbradespieman::Kobe wrecked Rubio's knee
jasiekforever::rubio and his glass knees..haha  -bynum
TWOLVES HATERS LOVE CANCER::Get cancer already.
mjbradespieman::He just gave him the mamba stare and Rubio's knee buckled...
nba is the worst::How exactly?  Kobe didn't cause that injury in the slightest, other than by them both being pro baskrtball players
ACandOJ::Wolves fans after the last 2 losses to the Lakers -- "If Love would have played, we would have killed the Lakers!!"  Wolves fans after losing to the Lakers for about the 100 consecutive time -- "What time does the NBA Lottery start??"
ACandOJ::I figured there was some reason why they lost for about the 100th consecutive time...
JSwizzle66::if rubio would have played, we would've killed you guys!!!
B1GBALL1N-LAKERS4LIFE::if it was up to me.....id just bring blake barnes mcrob and hill off the bench with goudlock getting the minutes behind kobe......I don't see much production from murphy these days besides mediocre defense.....his threes drop once a game twice on a good day and that's what we brought him for to have a big man to spread the floor.....mcrob plays better defense in my opinion and with more minutes can do more damage on both ends than murphy.....plus we signed mcroberts to two years with our mini midlevel right??? Use him!!!! He's getting about 8 milli in two years get some usage outta him and use him for the hard fouls cuz he gets scrappy as hell when need be.....
sidthemagnificent::The Lakers defeat the Miami heat in the NBA finals,in game 7,on a three from Sessions,to win the 2012 NBA title,in June 2012!!Dan Gilbert address the media,saying that he is glad to help keep Lebron James,from winning a title before the Cleveland.Cavaliers!!!
tjandtheshadow::1 problem, sessions would never get the ball in a time time like that #Kobe
hazmatsuits::^^^^^^^This
HOLLOW51386::SESSIONS WILL START SOON ONCE HE GETS MORE PRACTICES IN. OFF THE BENCH HE HAD 7 PTS 5 AST 4 REBS. BLAKE HAD 0 PTS AND 2 AST.
tr3ylv1::thats a shame...#reaching...
nba is the worst::Why make stuff up?  It's easy to click the box score tab, son
hazmatsuits::. Sessions scored 7, but ya the Blake numbers are fake
ACandOJ::Blake had 6 assists
B1GBALL1N-LAKERS4LIFE::Can't wait to see what he does with majority of the pg minutes.....young athletic pg to go along with kobe can be scary....haven't seen that since before the fish era.....if lakers are playing to their potential the only team that stands a chance that can match up is thunder and dallas in the west....and bulls and heat in the east(if all those are playing to their potential also).....its not like miami heat "match up" because of our obvious size advantage....but their dominance in the two and three spot (lebron and wade) makes up for some of the length advantage lakers have.....can never write off the heat till the series is over
kevin_ryan08261::The Heat only have the advantage at the 3 spot in LeBron...the Lakers have Kobe at the 2, so Miami does not have the advantage in Wade
B1GBALL1N-LAKERS4LIFE::In 19 minutes!!
James59923::Lebron would beat kobe in the finals , I wish !!!!!!! Lakers could make it to the finals !!!!! The heat will be there n I wanna c lebron stomp kobe n shut the media up already
tjandtheshadow::@wahzoo5 Lebron would have to be injured several times to end up like Vince, T-Mac, and Grant Hill
12hoopa24::Didnt they do that with kobe when he was younger compare him 2 older players? So whats the difference now that Kobe's older? It all goes around in a circle....&amp; how do u know what Lebron is going 2 be at 32...it seems like he takes good care of himself.
wahzoo5::will LeBron even be a factor any more when he reaches Kobe's age? NO he'll be Vince Carter, Tracey McGrady, Grant Hill get my point.  You don't realize how much you are praising up Kobe to be comparing him to someone that is almost 6 years younger than he his.
winters999::and lebron has shown that he can come big in the finals?
ChicagoSportsFTW8510::Bynum is just beasting now.  That dude scares me
mjbradespieman::Fisher will be back, he wont front in houston and will burn the rockets just like he did in utah, he will be back in purple and gold..
rex_coach::Different story in Utah, his daughter was sick.  Again, unless an NBA player does something negative off of the court clowns seem to forget...
ACandOJ::Its only clowns without kids that bring up the Utah situation....if my kid was sick &amp; Mississippi was the only place that she could get help...I'm getting me some overalls, a rebel flag &amp; heading to MS
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::next year he'll be 38
Iamtheone0594::Not this year he won't.
chompah99::I don't know what's more pathetic... Lebron in the Finals or Anti-Stratfordian at trolling.
24wildhunter::Best Cleveland Basketball Player: 1 luke walton 2 k irving 3 mo williams ...... 51. lebron james
winters999::this next statement will let you know how little the regular season mvp means... steve nash has the same amount of mvps as shaq and kobe combined.  even though nash has NEVER been to the finals and has 9 less championships than both those guys.
dj2fly4u::The MVP used to be the best basketball player in the league.  After karl malone won, it became something else.  Sometimes its a lifetime achievement award, or best player on best record team, or who knows what definition.  It is not, and has not been, simply put, the best player in the league no interpretation necessary.  Sometimes it has been, but it also has not.  MVP means a shell of itself now, which is why the Finals MVP is much more prestigious.
Birdmann._.::MVP is a joke MJ should have gotten it up to 1998 and didn't it proves how much of a joke it is
Anti-Stratfordian::Yeah, that's cool... Nash, Shaq and Kobe are all worse than LeBron anyway so at least that's consistent.
tjandtheshadow::@Anti-Startfordian WTF I'll reluctantly give you that LeBron is possibly better than Kobe, Yea on Nash, but you must be 11 yrs old to think that Lebron is Better than the original Superman, that man was unstoppable and one of the greatest players ever
winters999::lebron is the best regular season player in the game... no doubt..  but them playoffs? that's another story.  especially the finals.
South Central Los Angeles.::haha at this lebronze shames lover, fakkking faggg defending his idol
BakoCowboys::Every game coming up should be a W, but you never know with the Lakers. Dallas and OKC are the only real tests the Lakers are going to have that I see in 10 games(I think). I hope they string together some good wins
winters999::didn't the heat just lose to a derrick roseless bulls?
chompah99::Yeah, but still, you know, it's like, totally, Lebron &gt; Kobe, blah blah blah. Duh.
Anti-Stratfordian::Yeah, but it's the Lakers... they could lose to your local high school team on the road.
winters999::as a matter of fact lebron had 33 thru three quarters and once again choked with 2 points in the decisive fourth.
South Central Los Angeles.::haha at this kid, so much envy towards greatness,its ok kid go back to your bunk bed
South Central Los Angeles.::LAKERS=NBA rest of teams=???
Anti-Stratfordian::Kobe only has 1 MVP in 16 years.  What the hell is up with that?  That's Allen Iverson level.  The only players to win 3 or more MVPs:    LeBron James, Michael Jordan Magic Johnson, Larry Bird Wilt Chamberlain, Kareem Abdul Jabbar Moses Malone, Bill Russell
Wynxz::Lebron had 0 championship in his first six seasons. Kobe got three and this is a fact. What the hell is up with that?? "Lebron choke and is overrated." Until he win one, he has no qualification to compare with Kobe's greatness.
HOLLOW51386::LEBRON HAS 2 MVPS. SOME ONE HASNT BEEN PAYING ATTENTION,LOL.
Iamtheone0594::Scorers alone very seldom win MVP.  You have to do more than just score.  Kobe won it when he was still considered a good defender which is no longer the case.  When you look at the list of multi winners you will see that they all did a number of things well.  Kobe is a great shot maker, there is no question about that but not much more to his game after that.
2kobeisgood4::kobe was robbed of a few mvp's
nba is the worst::<b>Kobe has 3 MVPs, 2 Finals MVPs + 1 reg season popularity contest MVP.  Lebr0n has 2 reg season popularity contest MVPs, and didn't make the Finals either year despite HCA...  But your wishful thinking post concerning a third for lebr0n is certainly cute!</b>
chompah99::Lebron was never robbed of anything either. He just wasn't good enough to win a FInal.
Anti-Stratfordian::No.  Kobe was never robbed of anything.  CP3 was robbed of an MVP though.
scante31::This was kind of a boring game. Kinda had a feel like the Lakers of old when they would just cruise to victory and impose their will whenever teams started to get close. Good sign.
South Central Los Angeles.::ENJOYS CHOKING THE MOST LEBRONZE SHAMES OR PORNSTARS
