16Lakers18::Looks like LBJ will be responsible of gaurding Monta Ellis
dominators6442::Whoever did the video commentary for the highlights sucks sooooo bad! For a minute long video you shouldn't mess up that many names! What an IDIOT!
woodcourtwonder::watch the replay, and wonder, how many mistakes were made by the announcer?
maiden_england::25 IN THE 4TH! BEAST MODE
csmeech::Magic doing just enought to make it look like they aren't tanking the season.
Emazing1393::Monta must be getting some good punani cause he is just going HAM lately
Emazing1393::Monta must be getting some good ounani cause he is just going HAM lately
cowpiewi::I would rather have watched a game that the Bucks had a chance to win than 15 $@%!$@% college ball games!
WeAreMarquette 2.0::but man, we should've really given Harris a better shot in Milwaukee.
WeAreMarquette 2.0::How could ya BE Moe Harkless!
marcmo06::If Lin was 0 for 8 Mchale would chain him to the bench
Miller Park After Dark::prost!
Bocktor::Monta have it all
boudz::Wow, Monta was clutch today! Lets hope this can get a little momentum going into the final 17 games
Notta Lespn1::I remember when rebounding was key to winning. thats why the bulls got rodman. not in todays nba.  you just need to no how to act like you got fouled while you were trying to shoot and hit 70% or so from the line and your unstoppable
Notta Lespn1::the bulls have a winning record yet struggle to score?  so are the teams with losing records thriving on offense? how come the bulls were the only team all year almost with a winning record on the road but losing at home? how come since 08 teams been stacing up on allstar etc? The league is scared the Bulls will have another dynasty when DRose comes back!
cowpiewi::i love this country
Telkalynn3013::I'm trying to figure out what this has to do with the Magic and Bucks basketball game.
Notta Lespn1::your team is better than you think. they are just trying to pry your stars away like lebron.  see how deng is in contract year and all of a sudden he gets hated on and makes to much money? they wanna break the team chemistry!
Telkalynn3013::Magic got three building blocks on their team SF Harkless (19), PF Harris (20) and Nik (22).  Two years with possibly two lottery picks and tons of cap room in 2014 and this team will be for real.  Love watching the young kids play.
dominators6442::Harris is a SF btw
mvc123123::a building block would be a star player and those are not close
Notta Lespn1::the heat get outrebound, give up more fieldgoal attempts, yet get to the line more and win by double digits?
Notta Lespn1::this box score matches the out come of the game.
kcchen_us::Monta scores 25 pts in the 4th quarter? who was guarding him?
jakeprimetime::can't guard him when he is hitting his jumper.
phunky58::jacque u suck, u bench drew completely after he was the most efficient scorer nite in and nite out.  get it togetha jacque
Gabriel Night::Do you even pay attention to your fav player? He caught the stomach bug that has been going around, so he's been out due to being sick.
Johnny Thunderbird SJ Hoops::2 words:  Moe Harkless
mvc123123::2 words: one game
Gabriel Night::how could you be moe harkless?
minifarmgirl12::Mississippi Monta and Ersanity getting it done!  Go Bucks!!
Bucks_fan_for_real.....::Ellis balling
KN_WisconsinFan::Why the Bucks won the trade: Monta Ellis
dcenate05050::LOL ellis made 5 3 pointers
GeorgeTownDC29::Dang was hoping the Magic won because the wizards still have a chance lol. Guess not. Hope the Bucks can steal a couple games against the Heat first round.
WiscoMase23::are you kidding or just stupid?
Double-Cheese--::remember when the bucks beat up on the magic? that was funny
Double-Cheese--::magic are  stubborn , they just refuse to put together a winning team.
trizzo23::a stuck w...i win!
mvc123123::dont dwell on the past today is march 17, 2013 and the magic have the second worst record in the league
trizzo23::trolling a bucks magic game...wow...just wow
trizzo23::just a troll ok ..my bad...idiot
Double-Cheese--::i tell you what when you learn the difference between to and two then you can call someone else an idiot. lol
trizzo23::have bucks even made a confrence finals since magic in nba?
Double-Cheese--::im not a bucks fan slick
trizzo23::how many for bucks since magic came in nba..idiot...how many trips to finals since then magic have 2 idiot
Double-Cheese--::magic have to what?  lol.  love when people call someone an idiot and then do something so stupid. lol  the word your looking for is two smart guy
trizzo23::a team in magic that has longest streak of playoff trips in east with 6..idiot
Double-Cheese--::how many titles in that streak slick?
The Braintrust::Monta Ellis looks like the Bucks' mascot.
Milwaukee Bucks...::im off Magic go do your thing while the bucks get prepared for the playoffs go bucks!
heatonomics::Vucevic is putting up ridiculous numbers. He is the real deal.
chris johnson 558::pg smart / nelson sg afflalo / tyreke evans sf smith / harkless pf wiggins / big baby / harris c vucevic
Elton7323::and wiggins is SG
The Legacy of Dunkmachine::*SF
Tripledan81::LOL Tyreke off the bench...like this is 2k13 or something
MNVikings090::Lol this is pretty unrealistic to be honest.
Elton7323::we should wait in 2015 FA to do moves.
chris johnson 558::we have a cap space
Milwaukee Bucks...::chris johnson you are delusional
MNVikings090::Theres no chance we sign tyreke evans and josh smith
chris johnson 558::why ?
Elton7323::who the hell is smith
chris johnson 558::but a great defender
Elton7323::naw we dont need a selfish player like that and he is overrated.
Milwaukee Bucks...::he thinks you guys are getting josh smith
chris johnson 558::josh smith
Milwaukee Bucks...::so basically next year you guys arent going to do $@%! so you can get another lottery pick??
Milwaukee Bucks...::nobody in here said we were going to get past the 1st round, we are just happy to make the playoffs who cares if we get swept first round
jzerbs84::ellis and jennings will be FA after season
pride4jc1222::At least one of them isn't coming back to the Bucks next season. The Bucks will take this thing apart during the offseason, and will be a 60+ loss team next season.
trizzo23::as long as you feel your on way up..its a great step...bucks need to be smart in fa...and trade a guard for a pick and solid young player if they can..ellis or jennings..pick the guy you like best and get what you can...
C2Poke88::Hey Jameer, when you gonna get offended by opponents kicking your @ss?  Or do you save all that for Dwight Howard?  We're still waiting for you and Redick to prove Howard's comments wrong.  Please, give us  a reason to believe you had a right to be offended by those comments.
heatonomics::Monte Ellis went off tonight. 13-22 for 39 points? WOW!
Milwaukee Bucks...::OKC is the only team I can think of who sucessfully drafted there way into the palyoffs. Do you guys honestly think the Magic can be the new OKC???
MNVikings090::When you have players like Wiggins and Parker coming into view, it easily can repeat itself
EuropeDude1981::don't forget they got really lucky in getting durant. A pick like that is a fluke, the #1 pick is worse than that pretty much every year
d_bokk::And OKC drafted 3 of the top 6 scorers in the league, luck like that doesn't repeat itself often
Elton7323::look at san antonio they dont need top scorers to win titles just a team.
Elton7323::lol look at our pieces we have a chance.
d_bokk::lol no you don't
MNVikings090::Idk, our GM kinda came from the thunder organization.
NoThanks2U_26::MIL really wants to avoid MIA
Elton7323::not possible look at atlanta's schedule ur stuck there.
nickmyr22::Bucks would be better off keeping Reddick over Jennings.
EuropeDude1981::i'c say reddick could be a valuable piece on a winner, but monta couldn't
d_bokk::Ellis and Redick would make a much more balanced back court
EuropeDude1981::and over ellis tbh
nickmyr22::Yeah, but they're probably going to keep 2
joeygmurf::I like these Magic fans bragging how their team has a lottery pick....  Lets be real here the Magic are going no where anytime soon regardless of who they draft unless they can get Wiggins or Parker
MNVikings090::Where was anyone bragging about a lottery pick?
MNVikings090::No one was bragging hahaha. We were just saying we're glad we aren't in your boat.
d_bokk::...the entire game thread?
Elton7323::thats why  i said in 2 years we will be good.
mvc123123::in 2 years you wont be as bad, youd be lucky still to be above.500
MNVikings090::SAC just got really unlucky, and I feel bad for them
Elton7323::the difference btw sac and us is that our owners is better than their's and management and coaching.
d_bokk::SAC fans said the same thing
chris johnson 558::contending spot is only better thing than the lottery pick
EuropeDude1981::not if you're the bucks, cavs, magic, kings, t-wolves, bobcats or the likes. Their picks just leave as soon as they can.
Milwaukee Bucks...::i guess we cant be happy to get a playoff spot bucks fans
mvc123123::for bucks fans, getting to the playoffs is enough
MNVikings090::You can, but you wont be happy for long if your seasons keep going like this
TampaBayVol::You can be happy, just have realistic expectations.
MNVikings090::Sorry dude, but it actually isn't in this league. There is absolutely no way you are getting through Miami. In this league you need to tear down, and build through the lottery to become successful, just look at OKC.
Elton7323::not if ur teams potential ceiling is only good for 2 years.
Milwaukee Bucks...::im just saying a playoff spot is better than tanking to go to the lottery
chris johnson 558::we had it last year and we weren't happy because we were talking with fact
TampaBayVol::Why all this hate from Bucks fans?
TampaBayVol::And you're not?
TampaBayVol::I'm scrolling down and the hostility seems to be coming from your end.
Milwaukee Bucks...::you are biased
Elton7323::they happy they got a playoff spot.
Milwaukee Bucks...::cause they hating us...
Elton7323::lol u were the guys who were trolling first go start from the beginning.
EuropeDude1981::between ellis and jennings i expected the latter to have the better season. Boy was i wrong. He may never become a consistent scorer...
EuropeDude1981::Makes what i said about jennings even worse. His fg% is pathetic
nickmyr22::Haha true. Ellis and Redick are probably the better pair.
nickmyr22::Ellis isn't even having a good season. He's had a good month.
mvc123123::ellis rebound, steal, and assists when't up
chris johnson 558::fact magic fan base &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Milwaukee fan base
Telkalynn3013::I'm sorry man but I've NEVER heard anyone say, they would love to live in Milwaukee.  At least since the 70s
Eman3645::MNVikings for Orlando?? It warmer in milwaukee then Minneapolis
MNVikings090::Im not from Florida, but id much rather live in Orlando than freezing in Milwaukee.
MNVikings090::They are 8th seed and magic are the 2nd worst team in the league, yet we have 15th best attendance and they have 27th hahaha
Elton7323::and they say this team should go to seattle lmao.
EuropeDude1981::where would you rather live?
d_bokk::Wisconsin, easy.  The people in Florida are f.ucked up
chris johnson 558::sure orlando are you kidding me
Milwaukee Bucks...::the Bucks have been at the bottom of the league for many seasons. It is great to have a playoff team so I really don't care what you Magic fans say.
trizzo23::i see that..but magic just made playoffs last 6 years made a run to finals..its time for rebuild and you have to hit bottom for a couple years or team in small market cant get past the 6,7,8 spot..have to get a couple top picks and add free agent at right time..stuck in middle is worst place to be in nba..go magic !
junoNCAL::yeah mayne! glad to see Monta make the playoffs
MNVikings090::And i'm happy for you too, but it will get old fast. I'm being honest when I say the Bucks need a true rebuild.
StoKedForever::28-43 ....how da $@%!
nickmyr22::Monta had a great game, but he needs to go back to being a 6th man. He's too small to start at SG for a contender, and he's not a PG. He needs to fill a Jason Terry type role.
drat456::Ellis has shot 46% over his career i dont think thats " chucking "
d_bokk::maybe in 3 years, but I think Ellis can put up numbers similar to Rondo if a team, like the Bucks, let him be the full time PG
d_bokk::When he had the line up:  Ellis/Redick/Dunleavy/Ersan/Sanders  He had plenty of 3pt options and Sanders around the hoop, he took the most shots still but was able to get a lot of easy shots for his teammates too.
nickmyr22::Well when he was with us at PG, he killed the ball movement and chucked all day. Based on his numbers this season (despite recently) it looks like he's done the same.
d_bokk::Every time I watch him run the point he does
nickmyr22::Trust me. He doesn't work at PG.
junoNCAL::he was never a 6th man lmao
nickmyr22::Actually he was. He was most effective when he backed up J-Rich. Had his most efficient season.
GOGTTA1MIL::HES NOT CONTENDING
IVI PapaDoc IVI::False
nickmyr22::Not false. He can't handle bigger guards.
chris johnson 558::top 3 picks &gt; playoff sweep and by a blow out
mvc123123::live in the present..magic blow
Milwaukee Bucks...::thats not what you would've said last year. How fast things can change for a team....
Elton7323::actually last year we shouldve tanked and traded howard earlier.
chris johnson 558::yes it is life fact ... idiots everywhere
MNVikings090::I actually would have, lol.
chris johnson 558::tobias harris &gt; jj redick
mvc123123::one game say's a lot.....
owlville::drugs are bad...no drinking and posting
d_bokk::Harris was/is the Buck's third best young player
Double-Cheese--::prove it... lol
MNVikings090::look at the box score buddy. jj was 1-5 hahah
Double-Cheese--::if he is better then prove it. must be some numbers to back you up right? lol
Elton7323::look at the box scores.
chris johnson 558::are you kidding me ? oh my !!!!!!
