higginbombers::But but then but
mpdalry1::Looks like Hornets are getting ready to Move Kaman.  Not sure if Stern will approve it if the do though.  The thing that sucks about all this....is that Stern even said that he has 2 maybe more bidders to buy the Hornets.  At this point he is waiting to see who the biggest bidder is...meanwhile tying the hands of the franchise.   Anyway...great crowd last night, almost a sell out at over 16,000, and eveyone keeps saying that B-ball can't work in New Orleans.  The team is going nowhere this year and is getting better attendance it had last year.  Go figure
gt1master_ike::The team is averaging about 800 less people per game overall(home/road) than it was last year but its all good. this season is done.   i Just hope the draft picks pan out and eric gordon can stop being injury prone.
deac0n::I'd right in that big man's face, if I were a teammate of his, and tell him, "When you learn to hit a f* freethrow and commit to the team, then you can criticize my game.  You don't get to rip me while you got one foot out the door and problems with your own game."
PJack777::Please.  Missed free throws had nothing to do with that loss.  Howard was the only one that showed up, whether he wanted to be there or not.  What was the rest of the players excuse?  You are a professional in the NBA making millions.  You should at least put forth the effort night in and night out.  Using Howard as an excuse as to why the rest of the starters have 5 points or less won't cut it.  If I were a fan I'd want answers for that abysmal performance by every magic not named Howard.
WestheLegend::Orlando as a franchise sucks, not Howard. Makes no sense to take the best player on the floor and disparage him. Nobody on the magic can or wants to play better. He needs to get out of Orlando. Quickly.
timothy201130::good point legend
randy7836::dwight howard is not an mvp !! He's an incredible athlete who can rebound, block shots, and dunk the ball. An MVP can win games with the game on the line. Are u gonna give him the ball with the game on the line?....HELL NO. Why? Because NO NBA team is gonna give him a dunk at the end of a game. They'll foul him..and of course he's a joke on the line. He has NO offensive skills whatsoever! Just a mini-Shaq!!
fibwshe::Guess that means Shaq (.527% career at the line), Wilt (.511%) and Bill Russell (.561%) weren't MVPs either (Howard's currently at .593 for his career). Yet they've got 10 MVPs between them
timothy201130::that where the team should come in and help not sit back and watch and let him do it all if they don't want to play then let some body else get on the floor that wants to play and stop using Dwight Howard as an excuse for not wanting to play
mpdalry1::WAtching Howard for the 1st time live,It is bovious he is not a well rounded B-ball player, he has no game off the ball, pretty much just stand under the basket with his feet planted and does not really do much of anything except be physically superior in strength, size and jumping abiltiy from a standing position.  It's amazing how many points he gets from that ...but getting him to the line and not letting him get easy baskets under the hoop was one of the keys to this game.
timothy201130::are you Kidding yourself dude everybody else has help why can't he get help Boston has the big Three, Miami has Wade, Bosh, and James even the Knicks, Lakers, and Clippers have good players but not Orlando thats not fair
timothy201130::Look I am a big Orlando Magic and a Bigger D12 fan but he has a right to feel that way Trade or not they are still a team and playing like that is unacceptable if Oyis wanted Dwight Howard to stay he should have give him a better teammate because right now all of the money that he is paying these's guys and they are not getting it done I mean come on Gilbert Arenas, Hedo, jason Richardson, Glen Davis, they should be better then this so i don't blame Dwight for wanting a trade I just hope he gets the help and they keep him in Orlando.
syeager03::Dwight Howard is not a superstar.  Superstars wouldn't let this happen to their team, and if everyone else was playing bad then he would put the team on his back.
traver21::then your statement is also saying that deron williams isn't a superstar either. cause the both of them are.
frickinegg::What the hell is up with the Magic? I can't figure them out.
Dave5227::Remember when [insert superstar here] lost by 40 points, blew a 27 point lead then lost by 27 the next night?? Oh wait, neither do I
ZTONOLE::C'mon man! This team is falling apart! Its time to rebuild! Dwight needs to get out of there FAST!!! Its a disaster waiting to happen! Otis, make the trade, he's going to leave anyway.
nba is the worst::No single-digit quarter for the Magic - nice to see they're progressing
anon62::Seems like the only player who was keeping Dwight happy in Orlando is injured and couldn't help them win a winnable game. Otis, you dumb goldfish, see the greatness you've concocted. They can't win without Dwight having a monster game! Please realize that a team full of jump shooters can't win!
Frank38443::Ouch. That's embarrassing. Hey Otis, don't forget the bow when you ship Howard to the Lakers.
LSUSAINTSHORNETSALLDAY::WAIT..i saw SUPERMAN and the MAGIC..running down the streets of new orleans..buck naked..no cape, shoe's or pants...they got( r.a.p.e.d) big time..by the 3-14 hornets..lmao........
Shaggzillla::If Howard wasn't pulling a LeBron James d!ck move the last two years about his contract and playing head games I bet the Magic could do a lot more!  How many times has Dwight over the years said he wants to stay in Orlando then come out and said deal me, I don't know, we'll see what happens!  When guys don't commit to there team its kinda hard for a team to commit to them!  It becomes a problem and a distraction and sooner or later teammates get sick of the games because they don't even know what they are playing for.  Are they playing to win a title, are they playing to keep Dwight from leaving, should they be looking over there own shoulder because Dwight is always saying get better players and they maybe in another jersey.  Howard created this mess and he has to live with it.  Its pretty ballsy if you ask me that he is questioning his teammates heart when he has made it loud and clear that his heart isn't even in Orlando!
anon62::Well, to me what Dwight meant with his befuddling statements about wanting to be in Orlando but also wanting to be traded simply translate to this: "I like the City of Orlando, and I'd stay here for all the good reasons, but I just don't like the Orlando Magic right now. But obviously I can't say that literally because I'd get fined, suspended, and all that."  It's not very clear, but that's the gist of it, and I agree with him.   For the past 2 years, I've been waiting on Orlando to come back to the finals, and the arrangement they've assembled has not brought them back there. To me, all fault points to the Orlando Magic management staff. Dwight has said that Otis Smith didn't listen to Dwight's suggestions for moves that Orlando need to take, and all he kept doing was surround Dwight with different cast of characters that doesn't necessarily help them win.  They had right formula back in 2006 that made for a magical season, yet after 6 years, they are left behind still looking for the magic.
LGH197::The 2006 team barely made the playoffs.
spbynum1::...or Dwight could simply DEMAND that trade to the Lakers and be done with it. There. No more headgames.
spbynum1::I'm tired of the Magic fans feeling like Orlando is gonna get full value for him. You guys gotta realize something: Dwight is already practically GONE. Whether it's to the Lakers or not, he's gone.   You're not gonna get Bynum and Gasol and I am still amused that you feel entitled to that offer. A robber doesn't still demand the cash in the register when the cop has him pinned to the ground and in handcuffs. Orlando doesn't have ANY leverage.   Orlando will get Bynum and fillers for Howard and Hedo. Bynum has an expiring contract. If Orlando feels it's not working out, they can trade him for something else that is valuable. That's the best offer you're gonna get.   Orlando owner will not let the Magic rebuild. Therefore, Howard will be traded before he can walk. You don't have a good enough franchise to attract a wide array of talent, especially within the confines of SVG's "4 out 1 in" system.
Shaggzillla::Just as soon as the Lakers want to make a far offer for Howard I'm sure the Magic would be willing to deal!  But you guys don't want to give up Pau and Bynum remember!  You guys want to have your cake and eat it too.
Hutch1005::Why don't they just man up, he is still out there playing hard, plenty of teams have been in similar situations and they didn't fall apart nearly as bad as this sorry excuse of a team.
Shaggzillla::Fall apart!  There 2 games back of the Heat for the best record in the east and 4 back for the best record in the NBA.  Every team is going to have $@%! games at some point especially in the NBA when the season is normally 82 games long.  If it was so easy to just run teams over Jordan's Bulls would have set the perfect mark years ago.  I can't think of a single player when there team has a winning record and not far off from the best record in the NBA would they go public with comments like there team has no heart!  Thats just a player trying to force his way out of town by making it look like his teammates are the problem!
Charlesisgone::Dwight....you aren't going to have that problem in LA. Tell Otis to get it done! Dwight for Drew.
24wildhunter::nope! may be Gasol!
frickinegg::...what? How is Gasol a better piece than Bynum? He's way older. He's not even as good a player.
Frank38443::exactly.. then we go and flip Bynum for DWill. Perfect
spbynum1::fine! Dwight for Gasol! even better!
generalNOOB::orlando sucks balls and dick
b.ball_player28::why is howard talking so much s h it about his team? his plus minus was 2nd worse on the team.... -22
spbynum1::because he is leaving and doesn't care anymore.
zztomm::Steve Van Gundy is the worst coach in the NBA. But his twin Ron Jeremy is a Giant in his field.
ILLSmak::lol who is steve van gundy??
humanskull75::I just feel bad for Dwight at this point...
spbynum1::Even more bad news for Magic fans:  "Dwight Howard questions teammates’ desire   Magic star Dwight Howard says if his teammates should stay home or in the lockeroom if they don’t want to play hard.   Howard was frustrated and disgusted with his team’s play after a 93-67 loss to the hapless New Orleans Hornets on Friday night, the Magic’s third loss in four games.   “Looked like guys didn’t want to play,” he said. “I told them at halftime, if you don’t want to play, just stay in the lockerroom. It doesn’t make sense for a teams we should beat to just demolish us.   “You bring everything down,” Howard said, referring to a player who isn’t playing with heart and soul.   “It hurts me to get out there and play your hardest. I expect everybody to play the same. I’m not calling anybody out by no means because we all have to get better … but if you don’t want to be out there, don’t dress up.   “If you don’t want to play, stay home. People work too hard. I want to win a championship. I work too hard every night for anybody to not want to go out there and play hard. … None of the — whatever, trade stuff — none of that stuff matters. Play basketball. That’s why we all get paid to do this, because we love the game and it’s basketball, so why not give it your all.”   He wasn’t done yet. He said Thursday night’s loss to the Celtis after blowing a 27-point lead had nothing to do with the loss to the Hornets.   “The team we played tonight, they’ve been playing hard all season. They just haven’t won. And then they played hard tonight and they killed us. They killed us because they just played hard and they wanted it. Everybody on that team wanted to win tonight. That’s the only thing that matters,” he said.   “We are winning. You can’t just go out every night and expect a team to just fold because you’re winning, because you’re having a good record.”   http://blogs.orlandosentinel.com/sports_magic/2012/01/dwight-howard-questions-teammates-desire.html "
Antiquity001::Of course they aren't played hard Dwight.  You don't want to even be there.
mrkantavich2::I think we kinda just read that
spbynum1::didn't see it HERE so i posted it.
spbynum1::Twitter:  MagicInsider Brian Schmitz  Magic lockeroom not a happy place, and teammates are at a crossroads with Dwight Howard  not a good sign for Magic fans.
Hutch1005::Or are they at a crossroads with themselves because they know they suck. Maybe if they weren't SOOO bad Dwight wouldn't be so adamant about finding a real team.
Dwayne_Johnson23::HAHAHAHAHA
adk2347::an overall bad game for the nba as a whole: an empty arena, a star player running his mouth about his teammates and a "good team" getting killed by an inferior opponent.  does orlando have any leadership at all?  do yourself a favor and trade howard he doesn't want to be there it's obvious
BlakePollard1::No the areana def wasnt empty we support our team. S/o to the bandwagoners around the country
therachyone::i was there. was NOT empty.
thartmann6873::The Magic are a joke. They have no heart.
Why White Folks NightClubs Always Play Usher Songs::All of this is Karma for J-Rich getting Steve Nash's ex-Wife pregnant.
DeanGrady::I agree it really does not help that your star Center is making public trade statements...
DeanGrady::Start Howard with Duhon and Redick, Turk and Richardson... get that lineup going.... they would want to win!
surfzone365::Brutal stretch of game for the Magic.  Why not follow up a 27-point collapse by getting blownout by 26!!!
Why White Folks NightClubs Always Play Usher Songs::lol@no other starter besides D12 with more than 4 pts
mattyward80::he going to the mavs no ballhogs
ZodModule::Mavs, no trade able assets outside of Dirk. And no cap space. keep dreaming
spbynum1::i don't think there is any chance of Orlando letting him walk for nothing. Sorry dude.
Discount Double CHOKE::Embarrassing.  Dwight to LA.
supe540::Turk continuing to round into mid-season shape.  I didn't even know Larry Hughes was still in the league!
Discount Double CHOKE::Trade Dwight now. LOL Embarrassing.
choate_sedition::Howard needs to shoot more than 14 shots, on this team he should get 20+ shots a night at a minimum
I Make Sense::67 points....how the hell is that even possible.
Hutch1005::Who is running the Magic and how did they manage to assemble this disgrace of a team. Take Dwight out and they might just be the worst team in the league.
palanador21::If Dwight Howard is the only person capable of scoring in double digits; then it is time for him to go.  He is wasting his career in Orlando.
JRPH223::I did not think the Hornets were capable of 93 points. And how does any team suck against them? I swear the Raptors would do better than that.
JRPH223::What is wrong with the Magic? Why won't they trade Nelson? 2 freaking points man? Im thinking Nelson, JRich, and Turkoglu for Derron WIlliams.
ZodModule::Nelson is VanGundy's butt buddy. Those 2 should go along with Otis Smith.
spbynum1::Neither team is interested in what the other has to offer. Never gonna happen.
Hutch1005::Why would the Nets ever even contemplate this?
IAMpunter2609::Uncanny dude, not sure Nets would trade dwill for hedo and jameer, i wouldn't, throw in Davis.
IAMpunter2609::good contribution muppet
BigDSports21::There's no chance, moron.
JRPH223::Trade machine does not let you trade JRich, but a trade of Hedo and Nelson for Derron would work. http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine
IAMpunter2609::Holy f u c k I was typing this exact trade up when BANG there it is, does JRPH stand for jesus reads peoples heads?
JRPH223::LOL thats awesome Punter. I just thought that any trade will involve Hedo and JRich as a good shooter to go with $@%!$@ Nelson.
JFox 44::the nets would have to accept it too....which theres no way they would
sportshead96::Oh that it is it.  Howard is gone.
camavermic::I AINT GOT NO HELP!!!!  ~  D. Howard
Slurm Soda::The downfall has begun
Mjdemon27::Magic suck but had a very good record until these last 3 games. Its worse when your star of the team keeps talking about teams he wants to go to during a season. Just recently saying he would listen to Boston after they got murdered that first game and embarrassed the last one. This is much worse than Lebron who actually played his contract. Can they trade this guy and get over it
Sacjai::But it's hard for the other players to feel invested when he keeps talking about playing for other teams.  He should just refuse to answer any such questions from reporters.
Hutch1005::They are grown men being played millions to play basketball, I would hope they could still do that despite a little trade talk.
Hutch1005::He is playing his contract. The rest of the team isn't.
rockndoc2::McNasty Suicide Watch:  Sign up here_____________________________________
KikyExcel::This is shameful for he Magic man... just shameful
DirkNowitzki4President::Dwight Howard -----------------------&gt; To the Dallas Mavericks  Summer 2012 Free Agency!!!!!!!!!
spbynum1::nope
Basketball For The WIn::D12 really needs to make up his mind immediately....how are his teamates supposed to play well knowing that they could be shipped out at any moment in a trade (either with D12 or for another garbage piece that Otis Smith trades for in order to try to keep him here). god dang it Dwight just tell them whether you want out or not, at least it'll help management know what to do (not that it'll help much when Otis is still GM)
Hutch1005::Because they are payed professionals.
camavermic::He already told Smith he wants out. Smith's the problem. He is trying to convince him to stay.
B1ouin::Time for Orlando to have a FIRE SALE.
B1ouin::Time to trade Jameer Nelson and 50 first round picks for Ricky Rubio, atleast he would make the Magic seem like a frickin' team.
Basketball For The WIn::at this point, i think the Magic would have to PAY teams to take Jameer off their hands lol
arlenalmendinger24::i wish they would trade for howard tho
B1ouin::Lol, I'm a T-Wolves fan as well and still wouldn't do it either.
arlenalmendinger24::my twolves wouldnt let that happen
KingGeorge53::Wow.   I just now looked up and saw this score.   WoW
saintsaretnttheaints::just saw this from the blazers board. and may i just say holy crap nobody saw this coming. as a saints fan and a bit of a hornets fan let me say good job New Orleans
