Jordan Ho::You know your coach is bad when you start Vasquez over Thomas.  Bout time they started Luc Richard Mbah A Moute over Salmons, Salmons is trash  1 more thing, the Kings GM gave Marcus Thornton $8 million to shoot bricks and be a ball hog..
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Jordan Ho - That happened 2 years ago on the maloofs watch when they were owners. Vivek only became owner this year.
Chad Wiggins::im sorry to king fans but due to the way this team has freeking jerked fredette around for three years i revel in the dismal performance each night that they lace em up...  three years we r going on now, and this cellar dweller of a franchise has still yet to give fredette anything resembling a true shot; even tho they picked him in the lottery. even tho he was a unanimous player of the year, and a scoring champ, and took a nobody like byu to a #3 ap ranking the last week of the season;  and to an overtime game vs florida away from the elite eight.... and yet this scrub squad from hello is just too talented to give him an opportunity.. loss after loss after loss, yet only once did fredette get a chance to start... Rookie year, 4 starts,  16 ppg, and shot 60 % from down town.... but after the all around talented marcus thorton (s...arcasm) returned from injury, jimmer began immediately getting his first dnp's of that season.. directly off of that nice four game stint.... they have jerked this guy around for three years.... im not trying to say he's an all star... I'm saying this pathetic franchise picked this kid in the lottery, and we have no clue now into season 3 what he is capable of... i just want to know if he can hack it or not... and this should be the perfect situation to find out... a pathetic franchise losing game after game after game... a perfect situation to try out ur lottery selection... instead we get steady doses of john salmons, and marcus thorton... SMH by the way, im not a byu guy, i live in nc and am unfortunately an nc state fan for life ;-), I just really think these idiots are missing the boat with this guy.. he seems to be the only king willing to play the game the right way See More
Zack Oliver::He can't play defense and doesn't have a complete game. If I was him I'd watch film on jj reddick and ray allen and copy them. There's good money in it
Ernest Bagdasaryan::DeMarcus Cousins seems to always put up big numbers against the suns. Last season he averaged 20 pts, 13.3 rebounds against the suns. He has gotten alot better this off season, only going to get worse for the big man guarding him. Final prediction - kings come out with a revenge mindset from the way they played in the loss against Grizzles. ( huge comeback ) Good luck !
George Jimas::is that pylon on defense jimmer?
Eric Evans::Suns have led starting the 4th quarter and won only 50% of those games the youth or the coach.  Hornacek doesn't have a clue who he should be playing at the end of games.  Hopefully he learns but Ish Smith shouldn't be in w 5 mins to go and not Marcus Morris.  Goodwin should have been in tonight kid played great and Keif also should have been playing.  But, no Bledsoe cost em this game.  Oh the 7 turn overs the last 7 possessions hurt too.
Fred Behney::I agree with the Bledsoe & Goodwin comment ..  and they should have kept trying to score instead of waiting 20 seconds then try to shoot or have a turnover.
Eric Evans::Taking Green out just to punish him just punished the team no one could get their own shot at the end and Goran was awful at the end.
Eric Evans::I think trading Goran is the next move ethier in the off season or is u can get something good for him this year then fine cause he isn't cutting it and Bledsoe is the future anyways
Ian K-wizzie::I.T. is the only reason the Kings came back.  I still can't figure out why he doesn't get more minutes, and why he got reduced minutes today!
John R Barker::It pains me to see Greivis Vasquez stuck on this Kings team.  He'd be a great 6th man on a good team.
Stephen Smith::Uhhh.  Thomas played the whole 4th quarter, scoring 9 points, as the Kings went from a 6 point deficit to win by 3.  In the same number of minutes, can you say that Vasquez was the greater force in this game?  But I do agree with you that one of them should go.
Chad Wiggins::kings games do not feel like nba telecast....it has a Philippine basketball league vibe to it
Jordan Ho::Why does Salmons get minutes? lol dude is shooting 30% and 20% from 3 PT.  play outlaw more
Matt Mossman::Outlaw should start with Moute off the bench.
Cut Ter::once again shoulda just spent my money on drugs instead
Shawn Bento::should be one's first priority anyway
Ernest Bagdasaryan::This looks like a 100 + points for both teams, high scoring game !
Russ Harris::Well, your garbage just hit two clutch free throws
Chad Wiggins::does little isiah ever pass the basketball....
Elijah Harrell::No, but he makes buckets.
Russ Harris::Isiah passes is second on team in assists with 5....he passes the ball
Crispin Nisbett::That rookie Goodwin going ham
Shawn Bento::Jimmer is The Answer.
Chad Wiggins::he sure cant do any worse.. no doubt about that
Matt Mossman::Jimmer is the "answer" if the question is "who was the worst King on the floor tonight?".
Courtney Burrum::can anyone tell me what the halftime entertainment was for this game?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Great fast paced run and gun game. I just hope someone besides cousins would step up. Cousins racked up 19 pts, 6 rbs, 2 asts in 18 mins of playing time. His also shooting the ball pretty good too. Forcing the suns to foul him. (10 free throws )
Corey Beaumont::Kings have unperformed this season however expect them to get a win at home tonight. Cousins v. Suns 'bigs' is a plus. I've been using BetBuckets.com this season for my NBA predictions and they have Kings winning as well.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Corey Beamont - I would have to disagree on the idea of Cousins vs Suns "bigs". The suns only have one average center who will have trouble guarding DeMarcus. The other 2 Centers on the team - Alex Len only played 2 games so far with 10 mins each. Then the back up to the back up Kravtsov is averaging 4 mins a game. The only Way Len and Kravtsov will play is when Plumlee is in foul trouble guarding cousins, which he will be. The only person that kept cousins from averaging 35-40 pts and 15-20 rebounds against this team was Gortat.
Corey Beaumont::Ernest Bagdasaryan I completely agree with you. The SUNS BIGS ARE TERRIBLE, therefore a BIG plus for Cousins & Kings. Cousins is having a good game thus far with 21 & 10  as expected but will need to put up huge numbers here in the 4th if Sacramento stands a chance.
Tom Totosz::Wow, the kings are a very bad team. I would say they should try to throw some games to get a high pick but they couldnt play well enough to win more than a couple handful of games this year anyway
Tom Totosz::From up 8 to game over in a matter of a couple minutes. OUCH
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::Tom Totosz its not over yet!! 1 more half bro.. look what happend to the wolves today.. up 16 and lost by 4
Tom Totosz::Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel they wont be able to gather themselves. basketball is all about momentum and this team just got rolled. they might lose by 25-30 points
Rob Soldo::Suns will get even better once they have Bledsoe and Okafor back. Good to see the Suns proving critics wrong.  Kings want Wiggins, will have to battle the Jazz though.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::suns should have atlease a 14pt lead.. gotta get those rebounds,, too many second chance pts.. lets get the win suns
Matt Moffett::Until the Kings get the right personnel on the floor at the appropriate times they will continue to lose and I will continue to laugh.
Ron Wheeler::Suns need to take out on sac, the bobcats and orlando.this will tell me wht team we got and if they somehow beat heat im convinced.tht portland win looks better and bettee.
Chad Wiggins::john salmons is the dumbest looking moron in the nba..... he just looks like a complete moron
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Chad wiggins - Heyy whats up buddy lol, looks like your fav player jimmer is playing today !
Chad Wiggins::Ernest Bagdasaryan word, it was nice while it lasted.. cant wait for the trade.. i just hope its somewhere he can start...
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::way the go goodwin!! u redeemed yourself.. keep playing good defence suns
