Guest::FOR THE MENTALLY CHALLENGED- I WON'T COME BACK TO READ HATE REPLIES NOR COMMENTS POSTED ABOUT ME SO ENJOY REPLYING TO YOURSELVES & ENJOY YOUR STUPIDITY LOL  Spurs lose to an injured garbage team like the Knicks HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAH.  Spurs beat weak to average teams but the losses they have now are from elite teams. They can't beat the Thunder (10-2 in last 10 games vs Spurs), Heat, Pacers, nor Blazer in a best of 7 games. Spurs give up 100+ points a game, lack defense, lack 7 footers, lack rebounders, & rely on 3 pointers. Where were the Spurs fans when they CHOKED in the Finals? I watched NBA for 27 years & I never seen a team so pathetic & choke like the Spurs. Double digit lead in the 4th, up by 5 with 28 seconds left, Leonard missed 1 freethrow to close out the Finals & Pop took out his rebounders & starters at the end like an idiot! They CHOKED as USUAL LOL. THIS IS THE 5TH SEASON I WILL SAY IT, SPURS WON'T WIN THE TITLE!  2014- Will CHOKE in the playoffs 2013- CHOKED in game 6 after having the game won & CHOKED against the Heat in Game 7 2012- CHOKED losing 4 straight games after winning 20+ games straight, best record in the west, & being up 2-0 with home court advantage. BIGGEST CHOKE IN HISTORY! PATHETIC! 2011- CHOKED in the 1st round to a 8th seeded team after having the best record in the west! PATHETIC! 2010- Swept by a non-defensive team 2009- CHOKED 1st round to a 6th seeded in only 5 games. PATHETIC! 2008- CHOKED in 5 games 2004- CHOKED 2nd round losing 4 straight games after winning 20+ games straight, best record in the NBA, & being up 2-0 with home court advantage. SAME AS 2012! BIGGEST CHOKE IN HISTORY! PATHETIC!  2002- CHOKED 2nd round in 5 games after Duncan having a mvp season 2001- CHOKED being swept after having best record in the NBA & all games were blow outs! PATHETIC! 1996- CHOKED in 5 games 1st round to a 7th seeded team. PATHETIC! 1995- CHOKED after having the best record in the NBA & Robinson winning MVP. Hakeem took him to school! (Best center ever!) 1994- CHOKED 1st round 1991- CHOKED in 4 games 1st round to a 7th seeded team after winning the division
David::It looks like New York came to play tonight. They want to brag they beat one of the best teams in the league. If the Spurs don't find their defense, they have lost. Hustle still matters. Playing smart still matters. You don't want to give up a lot of easy transition baskets. The Spurs more normally move the ball well. This makes for more shots made; and it makes for little or no surprise in transition. If the Spurs are tired, they need to fight through it.
Dylan::Although this season is not last season, the knicks played without Anthony(which was a team player last year) against the heat, thunder, and spurs. We beat the spurs, heat, but lost to the thunder by little. This time, the knicks have not been string because Tim Hardaway Jr. is still becoming a basketball player. It all might be too little too late, however, any team can have a winning season after nothing. Look at the Portland Trailblazers. 33-49 in 2012, strong as the heat this year.
David::It would be helpful if someone other than Belinelli could make a shot (0 for the rest of the team). Where is Parker driving to the hoop?
von98::I can't believe that we lost to the sorry New York Knicks. We lost to these chumps at home last season at home as well. Embarrassing. Crazy! Indiana Pacers or OKC Thunder might just win the whole thing this season. We haven't beaten an elite team (we have beaten a few good teams, though) yet this season. Also we have struggled against bad teams lately and now we are losing to them? Giving up 100+ points every other game as well. IWe can't win them all, but geeze. This doesn't bode well. Get it together guys. We still love ya boys, though!  Good game Knick fans.
Shadow::NY's PG, SG, and C are very good defenders and they have dangerous offensive weapons at the forward positions. Even if Carmelo misses a lot of shots, the defense will make up for the bricks. I think this line-up is faster and will get a lot of fastbreak points.
Mr::Pop you idiot WHY do you take Duncan OUT when we need a REBOUND! Did you learn NOTHING from Game 6?
LaMar::Why are you guys even commenting on the spurs and how they are playing during the regular season and they are above .500 and doing great now. You listen to Kenny, Charles, Shaq, Magic and all those other guys who for the last 3 seasons kept talking that lame stuff of the spurs are to old and the talent is gone etc and they made it to the championship and took the heat to 7 games. Which is pretty good for a bunch of old guys in my book. Man we all wish or teams could win all 82 games but its just not possible. One minute a team is up the next they are down its apart of basketball. Now enjoy
Dark Knight::Doughnuts and Honey Nut Cheerios. Whats the next food insult for Carmelo?
I State Facts And You Get Mad::The Spurs finally lose to a terrible team... They have 8 losses and 7 of them are against good teams
