Mikapus123::All these Jazz fans talking about how KG and Love can't get rings. HAhAHAH how about Malone and Stockton.
evanharknett::How did Love "record his 65th double double of the season" in a season that's only 51 games old?
hittinthe777::I found a sports betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "basketball betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I recommend it to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works. Hope this helps anyone thats tired of now winning their bets
seejames511::Numbers to chew on on KG vs Love....  Like I said earlier, it is WAY to early to draw any long term conclusions on Love, but we can compare both of their fourth season with the Wolves!  They were both, strangely lockout shortened years.  KG '98-'99 Games: 47 Min 37.9 Shots: 8.8/19.1	FG%: .460   3PT%: .286 FT%:.704  Rbds: 10.4  Asst:4.3 Blks:1.8  St: 1.7 Pts: 20.8  Love '11-'12 Games: 46 Min: 39.8 Shots: 8.7/19.1 FG%:.455  3PT%:.378 FT%:.816	RBDS: 13.9	Asst: 1.9 Blks:0.5	 St: 0.9 Pts: 26.3  In amazingly comparable years, they have strikingly close statlines....the primary difference being Love's Offensive Efficiency and Rebounding and Garnetts Assists and Defense.  KG being a more athletic, taller, and longer player, it is easy to see why the defensive disparity exists.  The offensive disparity and rebounding advantage for Love really can only be attributable to one thing, effort and range. KG's largest knock is the ability to be a "clutch" fourth quarter performer and a volume scorer on demand.  Love has already proven that he has that quality.  Love's biggest knock is that at best he is not a great passer or defensive stopper, and I do not anticipate either of those changing enough to alter that perception.  In the end, I would have to say that Love has a slight advantage over KG at this point in his career, but it by no means suggests that Love will have the type of long term career that KG has enjoyed....but it cannot hurt to have the start.
VellasHellas::The Grizz have deepest front court in the league. Z-Bo,Gasol, Cunningham, Speights, Haddadi. Tony Allen silences your best player. Gay is an athletic mismatch on the wing, freeing up OJ, a hired marksman. Conley controls the tempo and Lionel keeps their head and hearts in the game. Wait til Gilbert get in the fold.................it's OV.
hittinthe777::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "basketball betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. It is the best betting system I have ever followed in years of betting on sports and I recommend it to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works
TubbyTime334::Way to talk crap Utes Fan. We have lost Rubio and not playing with Pek, way to talk trash to a crippled team.
SCHRUTE COUNTY::I wish that Utes fan would get brain tumors in the future.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::way to make excuses Tubby. excuses year after year after year after year after year after year. You guys had KG forever...what is your excuse for not winning when you had him? Those who are good at making excuses is good at nothing
seejames511::We did not win with KG here because of McHale's mismanagement as a GM and our teams epic ineptitude against the Lakers throughout our existence.  That is not an excuse, it is the REASON.  Docked draft choices because of an illegal contract negotiation with Joe "Lame $@%" Smith?  Come on man!  And then with our first draft choice in years we get Ndudi Ebi?  Plain and simple, our front office killed the KG years...
tcccfrom713::suck to be Twolves, KG was better then Love and they didnt go anywhere then
StaticX7273::yup sucks to have a dominant player... with a young team building around him full of potential
BenisSCOTUS::your kidding me right? Kevin Love is going to be an NBA HoF'er... the guy just plain knows how to play better then anyone else at his position.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::The wolves suck...not making the playoffs once again! haha Go JAZZ!
SCHRUTE COUNTY::Hope you get cancer.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::sounds good. I'm a JAzz season ticket holder, Utah football student season ticket holder and make at least 1 niner game every year! Love my sports but the Jazz are #1 for me go JAZZ! I'm out for the night though! Gotta wake up and play ball!
seejames511::You have the shot...you are in the position now, but you had to move mountains to get there...coasting is not an option for you to keep that playoff spot.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Looking at both teams I like the Jazz's chances better than Phoenix or Houston. We are playing very well and i don't see it changing. I'd take Big AL Derrick Favors and Paul Millsap over anyone on either of those teams not named Steve Nash (next best thing to John Stockton!)
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::hey guy answer the questions about John Stockton
seejames511::UTES.JAZZ.NINERS guy, you need a serious dose of reality.  Your team played great for the last 10 games just to have any hope of even being 1/2 game up.  Win 6 of the next 10, and you might be okay.  Do any worse and Phoenix and Houston will catch you, especially since they play you twice during that time.
seejames511::Utah is the 7th seed...barely...1/2 game out from being the 9th.  Good luck with the 8-18 Road record and 8 more road games to go.  You do have 8 more home games, which helps...too bad they are against teams with a .529 winning percentage.  Go .500 the rest of the way and Phoenix or Houston will likely steal your spot.  And do not count out the Wolves...they will have some thing to say before this is all over.
seejames511::Like I said, the Wolves are likely out of the playoffs...true...but you are a LONG way from being home on the farm with a playoff spot.  You played great to get to the spot you are in now.  But now, you gotta keep rolling or you can easily lose that spot.  You have a good number of tough games ahead and your road record, even including your recent success has been terrible.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::the wolves are 3 games UNDER .500 the Jazz are 4 games OVER .500. HA good luck catching up and passing the Jazz wolves fan. ha you are crazy. And phoenix? please. They have been doing pretty well but the jazz have hit a stride in beating the heat, thunder nuggets, lakers etc in recent games. We are definitely playing better than any of those teams. There is a better chance of us getting to the #4 spot than missing the playoffs
tcccfrom713::thats what u all say, they still beat out the jazz them years, floppers
seejames511::Hell I HATE the Rockets...never liked them and like them less now.  I only know what the stats say...and '08 is four years ago...I would hazard to guess that neither team has a single player that is the same on its roster from '08.  Utah has some nice pieces...I really like Favors and think that Haywood will be a great player down the road for you. But somehow getting a HOF coach to quit in the middle of a season due to a player you do not even have any more.  Houston also has some nice pieces...Lowery is a up and comer, and Scola is a decent player if he could stop euro-flopping.  I really like Dragic and Kevin Martin too.  Sadly, they are coached by the tremendously awful McHale who did nothing but waste KG's career in Minnesota as a GM and deep six the team further after he was traded to Boston.   The team to look out for is Phoenix.  They have Steve Nash and really, that is all they truly need.  Again, we will see what happens, but do not even start crowing yet!
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::I agree! Stockton is my favorite all-time player! I cried the day he retired! No joke! I admit to being a cry baby. Such a stud! From the time I was 5 I loved the Jazz and John Stockton
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::'97, '98, '07, '08 That's 4 series in a row... how about that argument? 97-98 were the Jazz prime which we beat you guys. It's been from 97-present where we have handled your trash consistently. That's a lot of years. You can love the past all you want but my argument is about here and now and i like the Jazz team better than the Rockets. Our future is looking a lot better than yours....DO you AGREE? if not you are smoking some good stuff and you might need to share!
seejames511::Oh and WHO WOULD NOT want a HOF point guard?
seejames511::John Stockton is one of the best ALL time.  Karl Malone one of the best ALL time!  Durable, consistent and great players for years.  Two first ballot Hall of Famers with a Hall of Fame coach all in their primes during Houston's run to the title and they did not either stop the Rockets OR win a championship on their own.    As a matter of fact, in '94, the Rockets beat the Jazz 4-1 to go to the Finals and in '95 beat the Jazz 3-2 in the first round.  Just saying, you might want to try a better argument.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::it's truth...uh oh!!!...John Stockton sends the Utah Jazz to the NBA FInals! Yup i remember it too. Ever since that moment the rockets have been kissing the jazz' @ss ever since. Name me a series you actually beat us since then. Haha floppers? Hakeem was taking 10 steps every time he touched the ball. Two questions that i want you to answer... IS John Stockton an incredible basketball player? Do you wish the Rockets had him all those years?
tcccfrom713::where your rings? :)
seejames511::1/2 game out...  And can you name the number of teams NOT the Bulls that won championships while Jordan was in the league?  I can.  FIVE, if you count Houston.  Lakers, Celtics, Pistons, Spurs, and Rockets.  The fact that the Rockets were the team that took advantage while he was gone says something.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::You love the past don't you? There should be 2 little *asterisks* next to yours. How many did you get while Jordan was in the league? Zero****** That was over 15 years ago bud. Congrats. What about now? Oh that's right you are on the outside looking up at the Jazz
tcccfrom713::Jazz suck, and thats coming from a rocket fan, damn mormans smh
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::dude we have owned you guys for years and years. What's a morman?
hittinthe777::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "basketball betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. It is the best betting system I have ever followed in years of betting on sports and I recommend it to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works
seejames511::Something that has really begun to bother me in ALL of the NBA games that I have followed this year is the ATROCIOUS referee inconsistency.  Refs always get a bad rap, but this year has been a REAL disaster.  After debating it with a NBA beat writer, I believe that the compressed schedule and lack of a preseason has had some effect to magnify a few things that have always existed.  1) Compressed schedules mean the refs have less time to "scout" and prepare for games.  Teams and the League office communicate with the Officials to help highlight concerns, correct inconsistencies and receive rules and call explanations.  Without the normal lag time between games, less of this is getting done, or is getting done at a much slower rate.  It also tends to make "hot button" or glaring moments stand out more in their minds because they will tend to focus their limited time on them.  2)  "Make-up Calls"  Truly there are few things in the league that make me shake my head more than witnessing or hearing about "make up calls".  You know what I think when I see that....the refs blew TWO calls...not just one.  In football, if a ref "misses" a holding call, he doesn't automatically throw one on the next play, right?  Again, with the compressed schedule and lack of prep, refs have been doing more of this.  3) "No Call" plays.  There have been a rash of plays where SOMETHING should be called...I mean it is either an Charge or a foul!  I blame this mostly on the growing problem of "flopping" in the NBA.  While it is a problem, there have been some legit contact that does not get called because the ref suspects flopping.  No call...play continues...offensive player gets mad, complains and the next trip down get a "make up call"...grrr.  If the refs suspect flopping, call the foul on the flopper.  Another no call is the whole stupid "out of bounds ball, no call"  The ball is heading out of bounds when two players collide while chasing it, with one player clearly fouling the other.  If the ball heads out , the refs will not call it and just award the ball to the player they believe was fouled.  Not a big deal, right?  Well perhaps not, unless the shot clock was winding down and now you have to rush a bad shot.  And sometimes, it was clearly the wrong out of bounds call, so now the players, coach and fans are all pissed.  There are many more examples, but the real point that I am trying to highlight is that the officiating across the league this year has been horrid and has created some serious issues and increased tensions during a season with already too much out there.  Officials have a tough job, and sometimes they are not always looking or have the angle to see clearly, but just doing the little things to reduce the issues listed above would dramatically help their overall performance.
lakers-fans-are-bandwagon-fans1::Man, will the Wolves every make the playoff?   -ROFLAMO
SCHRUTE COUNTY::Hope you die of cancer someday.
panther4406::"Gay Grizzlies Edge Love-Struggling Wolves" is how I read this headline...
gator9raider::cant wait till tmrw for the wolves to play the cats  5.5 yezzzirrrr
Malcyon1::"Gay Grizzlies hold off Love struggling Wolves"  Best recap header ever.
lbcguy2000::How many of Kevin Love's rebounds were from his own misses?  Just curious.
seejames511::If you were asking about TONIGHT?  He had 4 offensive boards.    Would you like to debate the value and number of post players that "stat pad" by playing "tip drill" with their own missed shots, or were you just making off hand comment?  Because I can do that all night....just saying...
seejames511::Well an over simplified response would be not more than 4.2 per game...because that is how many offensive rebounds he averages per game.  That said, he still averages 9.7 defensive rebounds per game...
jack butler505::why did beasley only play 11 minutes?
seejames511::He is still trying to get his toe feeling right.  The last thing that Adelmen needs is for it to turn chronic and lose him for extended games.
michael107114::Don't get me wrong Kevin Love is a very good and can fill up the stat sheet but people need to keep Love and KG out of the same sentence, Love will never be in the same area code as KG
seejames511::Honestly, comparing KG to Love at this point is just not fair to either player unless you go to similar points in their careers.  First of all, Love is, in my opinion ahead of where KG was at the same point in his tenure with the Wolves and both have similar problems with a lack of supporting talent.,  The only place that KG is unassailable by Love (unless there is a huge change in Love's game) is defense.  At the similar point in their careers here is how I would compare them:  Advantage Love: Rebounding (BARELY, their numbers are fairly comparable, but Love is ahead at the same point in his career, and still manages those numbers, despite being increasingly involved in the perimeter game), Scoring (Better overall and much better perimeter game), Free Throw Shooting, Clutch Shooting (Longtime KG Achilles Heel)  Advantage KG: Defense (Without any doubt), Blocked Shots, Assists (KG is on of the best post passers ever IMHO), Leadership (Love is not a BAD leader, but KG did the little things that made the players around him LOVE him...see what I did there..lol)  In the end, I think that it is way too early to say that Love will ultimately be anywhere nearly as long term excellent as KG has been, but at this point, if he keeps up this kind of production, there is no doubt at all that he could be in KG's zip code...I think that he would look good in Celtic green ;-)
seejames511::Well he did have Cassell and Sprewell in 2004...my guess is that would be the best.
tcccfrom713::KG was better, the best player KG ever had to play beside with the wolves was freakin wally szserbiak
seejames511::Especially now that KG lives in Boston.
oneandonlybabe::Go Grizz, don't look back
tigersfangoldandblue::Every win is huge. The West is so tight and we have a tough schedule coming up. A win against Houston Friday would be sweet. Gotta fend off the challengers.
PoRtEr_24::I think it is time for Ellington to keep getting more minutes
seejames511::I agree, we should try starting Ellington at SG, instead of Wes, and bring Wes off the bench...shake it up a little bit.  Something needs to spark inside Wes, and rolling him out in the starting lineup only to play him a few minutes might only be hurting him more.
lash0022::Cant shoot 38% and win...played well enough defensively....13 to's not bad...against the nugs we couldnt miss, against the griz we can't throw it in the ocean...story of the season...inconsistency from everyone except Klove.
-Metta WorldHate-::You shouldn't call the Grizzlies gay.  Grant Hill says that's mean.
kingcake10::The recap says that Love recorded his 65th double double of the season, which is especially impressive given that the T-Wolves have only played 51 games...
kingcake10::I knew he was on a hot streak of late, but I didn't know that he had transcended mathematics.  That said, Go Grizz!
Trexxus::He puts up enough in one game to count for several, heh.
rolltideroll2010::The announcers said it was Loves 46th of the year
Trexxus::That's how good he really is. haha
c3licagt5::Why Ellington isn't starting is beyond me. Bench either Webster or Johnson (preferably Johnson) and let Ellington start. He's the best shooter on that team.
wkdavis85::I'm sure there is a reason for it. Just like there is a reason you aren't an NBA coach.
seejames511::I agree, that we should start Ellington..as much as to try to spark Wes into something that resembles positive progress, as it would be to reward Ellington.
phunky58::mr ellington smooth as silk
Trexxus::Well, Love can't do it all by himself, dam he's gonna get burned out here real soon at this pace. We just need a solid SG and backup C and hope Rubio comes back 100% next year.   P.S. Dam it feels nice to be able to post again, been over a year since ...
seejames511::Beas will start getting more minutes once he gets healthier (toe) and start applying something that resembles consistent effort.  Elllington will get more minutes, as will Tolliver, and despite all of this really happening because of injuries, I really think that Adelman had planned to use these guys more down the stretch.  What I am really wondering about is why Randolph is getting NO time.  NONE.  Certainly he has had some head-scratching moments, but the whole team has...when AR was putting up minutes, he was delivering some solid energy, rebounding and energy off the bench.  My only guess on all of this is that without significant practice time and all of the injuries jumbling the lineup, it has been hard to get the bench "caught" up on the offensive and defensive sets he runs...out side of that, I have no idea.
phunky58::oh im out there and i believe in him big time.   way tooo much talent to be sitting on the bench
phunky58::beasely is inconsistent because he doesnt get a chance to get into the flow of games.  if he got steady big minutes i guaranteee you he would put up big big numbers
Trexxus::Lol, Beasely and Guarantee in the same sentence, talk about putting yourself out on a limb.
rolltideroll2010::Williams is not that good. He is just inconsistent.
Trexxus::He's a rookie, he's shown signs of greatness, he too hasn't gotten consistent minutes. He will get better.
phunky58::elllington needs more minutes and so does beasley.    wes johnson overrated
Trexxus::Ellington seems to have played well lately, I haven't seen enough of him, Beasely is too inconsistent, whether he gets minutes or not, Wes is straight up turrble.  Couldn't hit the broad side of a barn from the inside.
rolltideroll2010::If they had a SG and a SF they would be good. Everyone besides love and rubio are overrated
Trexxus::mmm, Pek has developed into a pretty good center, and he can get better. Love, Rubio, Pek, Williams, the rest are expendable.
rwilliams75::"Hey, are the lights flickering? Seems like the power is going out" Love  "No man, it is just our season fadiing away" Ridnour
phunky58::put beasley in the damn game
MissSTATEboy::Can you imagine how we would be doing if Arthur hadn't got hurt??
tigersfangoldandblue::I just don't understand why we got Gilbert if we weren't going to play him. I'm sure he isn't liking that at all.
phunky58::glad they did.   once he gets back to game shape they may make a deep run again,   they definitely have the talent.  and in my opinion a superstar in rudy gay.   he is a definite all star but he just never gets  the respect he deserves, its sad
MissSTATEboy::Yeah we did fine without Zbo too which is funny.
phunky58::nope he didnt,  but i really believe pargo and selby have lots of talent.   they can get it done maybe more so than gilbert
MissSTATEboy::Yeah it is! We will need him in the playoffs. Did Gilbert play any tonight?
phunky58::did nnot know that,   thanks.  on another note great to see z bo back in action
MissSTATEboy::Yeah.. it was a season ending injury
phunky58::is that why arthur hasn't been playing????  he still hurt?
rharder444::Needed that. Memphis must win the games they are supposed to win and hope they can rebuild the playoff chemistry from last year
slapshotcity123::Well said.
phunky58::this is what happens when u sit beasley on the bench for most of the game.   keeep sitting him and continue to get beat
phunky58::Rudy Gay doin work once again.
MissSTATEboy::Yeah man he is awesome!
JoYoNoMe::didnt pre draft say that derrick williams was the most draft ready...
MissSTATEboy::EGGFART98.... telling you will kill them on the internet can be traced. Have fun in jail $@%!$
slapshotcity123::He's changing his underwear at the moment
MissSTATEboy::Gotta get those pull ups out!
slapshotcity123::Neither am I. Gotcha! ;)
MissSTATEboy::Hahahahahahahahahahaha little punk about wet his bed
MissSTATEboy::Got the proof on my screen as we type as well.
EGGFART98::Dude, it's not serious. You guys are jerks.
MissSTATEboy::$@%! you dude... this is serious
slapshotcity123::I already called the cops. They're tracking his IP as I type this.
EGGFART98::I hope a tsunami wipes out Memphis and kills everyone in that city.
rharder444::Tsunamis happen on the coasts of oceans, egg.  Come on.
dwrempel::Egg-boy, go to be before your mom comes to your room and spanks you.
rolltideroll2010::I think you are retardedd because tsunami don't even happen on this side of the U.S
JoYoNoMe::he's from arkansas. thats classic arkansas over there
EGGFART98::You're a jerk. You're a terrible person. You deserve what you get.
MissSTATEboy::And you're fat... Sorry bout that.
MissSTATEboy::I'll grab you IP, find out who you are and call the cops on your yankee as*
EGGFART98::Southern people are fucccckkkeennnn retarrddded.
dwrempel::I am from the north and I like southern people.  I don't like being around "haters".
rolltideroll2010::Yep im just $@%!$@%! because I was born in a certain place. Good argument
EGGFART98::I didn't want it to get bleeped out.
Zippppppp::At least they have a competent basketball team
MissSTATEboy::You misspelled $@%!$@*
MissSTATEboy::I FOUND EGGFART ON YOUTUBE!!!!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-KhSTgo3YA
dwrempel::Only the medication will help him.  Egg boy needs to take it even if it does cause bed wetting.
EGGFART98::I hope a gun kills you tonight.
MissSTATEboy::Therapy might help you.
Geech63::Is Eggfart even a Wolves fan or is he jus here to tell people he hopes they get cancer or lose their life? u cant be that upset about a loss lol
Dmert12::He does know that Memphis still won even though they didn't hit a 3 pointer and didn't play Marc Gasol. That's sad for the Wolves I'd have to say
rolltideroll2010::2 Starters not good. Love is good.
EGGFART98::I'm a wolves fan. Memphis fans are $@%!$@%! for acting like the wolves are a horrible team without 2 good players.
slapshotcity123::LMAO! Even your own fans hate you. CHAMPION!
dwrempel::oh how I wish you would not have admitted you were a wolves fan
EGGFART98::If I had a gun, I would kill you.
MissSTATEboy::Y'all would suck if y'all had the Eastern All Stars on your team.
tdcolts41::Eggfart has been smelling his own farts !!!!
Zippppppp::Remember how exciting the first 30 games of the year were Wolves fans
dwrempel::Egg boy, I think you need to take your medication before you go to bed.  You know what happened last time you skipped it?
tdcolts41::UMMMMMM no!!!!!
EGGFART98::Hope you get cancer.
Zippppppp::Just think about that small amount of success you guys had and you will feel better. Dreaming about maybe a 6 seed, oh how those were the good times for a Wolves fan. Probably the first good times they have had since 04.
MissSTATEboy::Hey RollTideRoll.... I think we should call Calipari after he wins the title and have them play this Wolves team. It would be the Davis &amp; Lamb show!
royboy1978::F JOHN CALIPARI!!!!!!!!
dwrempel::wow, this has to be the most immature chat I have ever seen.  "hope you lose your life in a house fire"?  How old is that guy?  7?
EGGFART98::Still possible. You deserve death.
MissSTATEboy::You must be a fatty... You're a funny chunkster.
rolltideroll2010::I hope Calipari never wins a championship and gets cancer
rolltideroll2010::I'm a huge Tigers fan. Pissed me off when he did that to Memphis.
MissSTATEboy::I hate him but I am for the SEC.. They would beat the Wolves like the little drummer boy beat his drums.
EGGFART98::Hope you lose your life in a house fire.
MissSTATEboy::I live in a apartment off campus... So it would be hard to do that.
THE AMAZING CHEF 5TH ACCOUNT TODAY.::Go to bed little kid
rolltideroll2010::Quit whining about the refs. At least it wasn't against the Fakers. They would have had 40 more FTs
taurus1984::Eggfart its jus a game! No need hoping sumone dies! Karma is a mf so u better be carful wat u say..cuz it jus might happen to u....or sumone u luv....people die of cancer daily and sum like that is nuthin to play with.....but U GON LEARN TODAY! Go to bed sweetie...tomorrow is a new day!
THE AMAZING CHEF 5TH ACCOUNT TODAY.::WOLVES SUCK
emthomasjr::Good win Grizzlies!  Good that we look care of home court, even if it was sloppy.
Geech63::Im not a Grizz fan Im a Bulls fan..but I do support the Grizz I like most of their players so I want them to be good and beat all the teams in the west..except for maybe the Clippers..dnt care who wins between those two
emthomasjr::I was surprised, nearly shocked at the large number of Bulls fans in attendance at the Bulls game in Memphis last year.  I was surrounded!  LOL.
royboy1978::Not by all of us.
MissSTATEboy::Well the Bulls are liked in Memphis. Derrick Rose is the hometown Hero.
MissSTATEboy::Thats whats up! My dad's family lives in the city of Chicago so we are huge Chi Town fans. Grizz then Bulls.
bakri04::Adelman shouldn't have taken Kevin Love out towards the end of the 3rd quarter. We were up and soon as he went out Memphis started to pull away. Dumb decision and Luke sucked tonight. Memphis also got so many lame calls.
emthomasjr::The officiating wasn't top notch, but it definitely was not the worst.  We've had MUCH worse.  Even in our win over the Lakers last game in LA  the Grizzlies only had 10 FTA's to LA's 30 but outscored them 52 to 36 in the paint.
rolltideroll2010::Lakers and Grizzlies played Lakers had 40 FT and Grizz had 5 FT but scored 60 points in the point. Thats horrible refs
slapshotcity123::I agree with you there. Reffing was terrible on both sides tonight. Terrible is an understatement.
dwrempel::The reffing was the worst I have seen this year.  Wolves did good against a very good Memphis team.
slapshotcity123::He's kind of right though. We came back when they took Love out.
MissSTATEboy::for real... go cry
rolltideroll2010::Don't make excuses yal lost.
dwrempel::yal?!
MissSTATEboy::EGGFART98 is going to go get a check up one of these years and have testicular cancer... Karma is a bit**
EGGFART98::Hope you get tumors and cancer.
MissSTATEboy::Already had it... I'm Lance Armstrong mofo
MissSTATEboy::Anthony Davis&gt;Kevin Love
bakri04::What does Anthony Davis have to do with anything? He's not even in the NBA right now. Stop hatin' dude. He'll never be the shooter or get rebounds like K-Love. 31 and 31 last year. So many 20 rebound games. He's the first one in 28 years to get 30 and 20 a night after scoring 50. Get facts.
slapshotcity123::Prostate cancer
EGGFART98::You deserve cancer.
StuMadd23::You are a $@%! human being. Wishing cancer upon anyone proves that you have absolutely no class at all.
EGGFART98::Wish Memphis fans would get cancer, acting like the wolves are the worst team out there.
EGGFART98::Hope you die in a house fire.
dwrempel::What does "yal" mean?  Memphis is a good team but the Wolves are going to be contenders soon.
rolltideroll2010::Well if yal didn't lose Rubio yal wouldn't be the worst team out there. Yal would be the second worst team.
tdcolts41::PRETTY damn close!!
EGGFART98::Hope you lose your life tonight.
MissSTATEboy::Anthony Davis&gt;Kevin Love
Geech63::LMAO Why?
MissSTATEboy::Kentucky Wildcats would beat the kitty cats
Cadolots::A top High School team can beat Kentucky Wildkitty
Geech63::They are the worst team trying to make the playoffs in the west lol
MissSTATEboy::Party on Beale Street! Driving up! Love sucks!
EGGFART98::Meant that memphis fan.
EGGFART98::Hope you get $@%!$@ cancer.
dwrempel::Loves sucks?  Every team in the league would give their right arm for him.
MileHighFan9::Dont feel bad wolves fans, at least there's the Vikings. but in all seriousness the Griz swept Denver, they're just a good team
rolltideroll2010::If yal could keep the same players every year, the nuggets would be a good team.
MileHighFan9::believe me i know I wish Billups was still here
Geech63::Why is EGGFART98 so upset? lol
EGGFART98::Hope you get cancer.
tdcolts41::Cause his $@%!$ hurts!!
