WingsNut4Life::Man, the Pistons are complete garbage this year.
bamberg1977::Singler +17 in this game, Stuckey -19  Pistons were 36 points better when Singler was on floor vs. Stuckey. Wow.
lakers will be 2013 champs::this magic team looks so different without dwight.
herb445::Too many of the same type players 6'9 - 6'10 jump shooters( Tall and Skinny).  Pistons need a go to guy, someone that want the ball at winning time.  The NBA, like other sports, like to recycle coaches. They didn't win before and they don't win with the new team. The pistons can use another coach. I like ex players not ex equipment managers. It helps when u played at a high level. One may get the due respect from players.
bamberg1977::I like Frank. I think guys who didnt play in the NBA or werent good NBA players actually have better perspective and less biases. There's obviously something impressive about Frank, or he wouldnt have made it and have such respect from players. His image is not that of a HC when he walks in the room, so the fact that he did it anyway speaks volumes. BTW, Frank won a lot of games early on with NJ
bamberg1977::Tay, Daye and Singler be long and tall is not our problem. Tay and SIngler are versatile, I wouldnt consider either one a jump shooter.   Singler is going to be a good starting SF, I think we finally found a Tay replacement. Especially good considering Singler is capable of playing SG at 6'8. But Im sure he's better off long term as a SF.   But you're right, Pistons desperately need a go to wing at SG. I'd love if they could get Shabazz, I just hope they dont win too many games to get him.
mad2bee4::THe Magics 1st road win that was nice...
..Captain.Awesome..::Suck a dick, Stuckey!
Blind Refs::I used to think the Magic were the worst team in the NBA, until I remembered the Pistons exist.
Philip3664::Heard of the Wizards?
Ty Lawson .::Drummond needs more PT! The dude is a beast.
Neil826::it's time to contract the pistons, tigers, and lions.  they will never win anything and are the definition of pathetic.
Philip3664::I think its time for you to go to bed before mommy catches you up
Hugo0262::Stuckey is Sucky
xLibertyOrDeath::Singler +17 in 29 minutes. Stuckey -19 in 21 minutes.  This says everything I need to say about the Pistons problem. Rodney Stuckey.
Mr. Bradford::Second worst offensive team in the league. Trade for some offensive talent since the Pistons already have the defensive talent to put around them. They're in the top 5 in terms of defense (despite giving the Magic almost 40 in the final quarter).
Mr. Bradford::Barley done, but nice double-double by Knight.
GeorgeTownMan29::J.J Reddick for comeback player of the year
lmsoldier28::JJ is the man!
MagicBoltzRays::what is he coming back from? more like 6th man of the year, maybe most improved.
GeorgeTownMan29::My bad I meant most improved.
Neil826::add the pistons to the list of teams from detroit that are truly pathetic.  joining the lions and tigers.
Philip3664::Last time i checked Tigers made it to the WS and yes i know they got swept. Your team wasnt there. They got a good shot to make it back too.
EastCoast_DetroitFan::Anyone think the Pistons will have a new coach before the season is over?
denn19641::Pistons will be 10-42 before the all star break. Once the worst record of the season is secured, then they will start playing like a playoff bound team and give hopes to the the draft pick.
trademarktaz::I wouldn't be surprised, Frank ended his last head coaching job 0-16, we're starting Maxiell and Stuckey and giving Singler major minutes and not even playing Austin Daye or Charlie V, this team was set up for failure. Shabazz Muhammad here we come!
kristy41177::Get rid of Stuckey @ -19.  This dude is garbage.
EastCoast_DetroitFan::Not sure any other team would take him.  dont think he will be back next season
kingtai01::Man I hope not...tired of the bum
19juami91::This is over.
jay98841::wow pistons just tanking it -bobcats
trademarktaz::Shabazz Sweepstakes
TheJTram::Well...we got outrebounded pretty badly...although Singler has been looking pretty good
IrwinMink::anyone notice that Singler was a plus 17. He should be playing even more minutes
trademarktaz::lol
mikenbig::Orlando out-rebounded Detroit 44-30.....game, set, match.  Drummond, Singler, Monroe, Prince, Jerebko stunk on the boards tonight.
hazman023::Reddick just got my buy in vote for all-star ballot
YearOfTheSpur::Yall should trade Prince, Monroe, Maxiell, and Stuckey to the Spurs for Matt Bonner
mikenbig::See people want trades but they have no idea what they want back.
Philip3664::Nice joke...
Philip3664::Knight reached a career high in assists tonight with 12. Didnt know that
mikenbig::If you were a GM of another team what would you give up (that would make sense for your team and Detroit) for Maxiell, Prince, and Stuckey?
brandonstephensy::Okc will give Perkins and Liggins
mikenbig::Just saying...people are always calling for Maxiell, Prince and Stuckey to be traded yet they never say what they want in return, or what teams Max, Tay, and Rodney could help out.
artguy68::Greg Oden
trademarktaz::LOL I guess anything is possible
trademarktaz::I don't see Tayshaun getting traded, he's going to retire on the Pistons.
Philip3664::please dont say that...
trademarktaz::Sheed isn't walking through that door.
mikenbig::Rasheed Wallace was the best man to man defender for a big ever.
Philip3664::Im watching him and im getting kind of depressed
caparzo5::Detroit
Tdavis2304::Time for pistons to make a trade... Trading Tay stuckey Jason
KHMB1755::You couldt get a bologna sandwich for stuckey and tay in a trade
mikenbig::Why would Memphis want to do that?
Philip3664::wishful thinking lol
Philip3664::Tay and Stuckey for Gay?
UCFU::wouldn't it be funny if the magic beat the lakers
mikenbig::Good game.  Both Detroit and Orlando would have beaten a lot of teams tonight.  Detroit's bigs couldn't rebound with Orlando's bigs.  That was the difference.
t casey::Really? I'd say they looked better as a result of playing each other. If we got outrebounded by Orlando's bigs, we'd have trouble with a lot of teams.
trademarktaz::Calm down Pistons fans, once we get Shabazz things will be fine :)
herb445::Wrong............the young guys don't have the fundamentals. That's why they usually play for many teams before they are finished. They don't teach in the NBA.
19juami91::This is gonna be a massacre. PORTLAND ROLLS TONIGHT.
TheBadazz4::were is the d. since win do we score 106 and lose. cmon man pistons always play tough d.
TheBadazz4::pistons win with team play hes not a team player. selfish idiot that is not that ggod anyways.
TheBadazz4::stuckey has got to go. he stinks only cares about himself.
Suck_my_balls...::Wrong board
JimDetroitFan95::Nobody wants the ball in the 4th quarter on the Pistons.  They don't have any pure shooters who want the ball.  I don't blame Frank, but I believe he is on thin ice unfortunately.
Suck_my_balls...::Detroit blows
JimDetroitFan95::Your name says it all.......  Your comments prove it.
JimDetroitFan95::Did I say I miss hockey?
99 Bottles of Beer::LOL a Heat fan...$10 you don't follow any other Miami teams
TheBadazz4::yeah heat typically nba rigged for lebron just like jordan. u look at him its a foul ok. heat title was rigged deal with it.
Suck_my_balls...::Dolphins and Heat.  I don't care for baseball or hockey.
t casey::Well that was fun while it lasted. Good game Orlando.
Heisman Driskell::The Barclay Center has a suite that goes for 500k a game.. lmao
Philip3664::wtf
Elton7323::wow really
Elton7323::if knight foucsed more on passing the magic couldve honeslty lost this one that kid help the magic out
t casey::He had like 12 assists. I'd say that's a pretty good amount of focus on passing. Our offense as a whole just fell apart.
Elton7323::true but i know u was yelling at him to stop shooting :)
Philip3664::and defense at times
stern_hates_small_markets::let's go magic! finish with a better record than the lakers!
Suck_my_balls...::These teams will be in the lottery so who gives a crap??
UCF knights 21::2-0 with Jameer in the lineup.
KHMB1755::Miami fans get no respect and deserve no respect from anyone
UFKinnear::3-0 he played in the second game
MagicBoltzRays::no he didn't.
Suck_my_balls...::3-5
KHMB1755::Not crying I could careless. Miami fans dont even show up at home games unless there is a bandwagon to jump on. They are a joke! 12 people went to Marlins games all year those world series years and then they make the playoffs and its sold out.  Heat were near the bottom in attendance until Lebron and Bosh signed. Dolphins are at the bottom in home attendance. Miami fans are a total joke and the definition of bandwagon.
Suck_my_balls...::Because your crying since they won the championship??  Lmao
KHMB1755::Miami Fans worst fans in sports
Suck_my_balls...::Miami Heat champs
99 Bottles of Beer::1-9
artguy68::The good news:  the Pistons didn't play defense, so they should still be fresh for their next game.
Sportsfan61679::how come all the worst teams in the league are in the East?  wizards, Pistons, Bobcats, magic
KHMB1755::That Lakers team is diarrhea. They are not a contender with no bench, no outside shooting, and no transition defense. Everybody is 40 years old. Its going to be so much fun laughing at those clueless Lakers fans all year. They think they have a championship team LMAOOOO!!
trademarktaz::The East has the most dominant team in the NBA in the Heat, so what's the point in trying right now.
KHMB1755::West has bad teams too like the Lakers and Kings and Warriors
JDAnderson94::The east is weak?
Marinho0452::Only a joke team suffer 39 points in a quarter
denn19641::BK7 got 12 assists which is a good thing but he should realize to stop shooting when his FG is less than 40%. Tay have flashes on 3rd. Drummond 10pts , 3 reb 1 stl and a block in 15 mins against 11,5,2,1 for JMax in 32. Frank does not know Math!!
t casey::I don't think the amount of shots he's taking is the problem. It's the shots he's taking that are hurting the team. If it's not a long j he won't take it. Dude's gotta start getting to the rim and getting contact more like he was doing last year. His passing was great tonight though overall.
t casey::Monroe's gotta step it up in the 4th. No rebounds and only 2 points. That's not gonna get it done. Other than that, he played great, but we needed him in the 4th.
KHMB1755::Magic = Same Record As the Lakers
TheCronoMasterMind::Good job on the win Magic. 39 points in a quarter? Hopefully they gain momentum from this win and go on to keep winning more. Go Magic!
Heisman Driskell::Wish Harkless got a bit more playing time though..We need to develop this kid and turn him into a star!!
JimDetroitFan95::I miss hockey...................
