Chrille6::MIAMI HEAT CHAMPIONS Y'ALL BLOW
NightLifeCruiser::Poka
earlealston::Howard completely outplaying Bynum showed the Magic front office that a Bynum-Howard trade would be LA's attempt to screw them over.
scottpilgrim36::Man the Lakers are terrible. They have no muscles, they're weak and Kobe Bryant is a pu//ssy. Sure he got 30 last night but most of those were garbage points when the game was already out of reach. if it wasn't for biased refs in Staple Center, the Lakers would be under 500. I wouldn't be surprised if they don't make the playoffs and it will be all Nobe Cryant's fault
Lakefan79::Congratz you won the stupidest post of the day. You get a big dick for your prize. Don't choke on it.
earlealston::Says the Kobe-n.u.t.-hugger who uses Lebron name-puns...smh
--liam--neeson--::Why would Dwight want to go to LA or New Jersey that's about the same situation he's in now.  Only difference is he gets to play with a superstar there and that didn't seem to work out so well for the Knicks and Heat last year.  Have some class and stay and do it the hard way
DeathMayhemCrush::Magic sure as hell better hold onto Howard. He's just learning how to play to win, especially in the post season. Besides, Magic are one of top three, four teams right now. All they need is to shore up their bench and a G and F. They're young and should stay together to keep learning how to play as a team. No reason they can't get a championship or two very soon.
Chris31708::The ones that want Howard to leave are either Bulls/Heat fans or LA//Mavericks fans.
lakers1drew::Kobe actually scored 32 points on 12-23 shooting with 4 rebounds. Someone please correct this error. With 1:12 left in the 4th quarter, Andrew Bynum put up a hook shot, which was then grabbed by Bryant, and put back up. Dwight Howard was called for the goaltend, but Andrew Bynum was awarded the two points. The rebound and basket should be awarded to Bryant.
b.ball_player28::LOOL There was a sign at the orlando game, saying "Dwight, dont go to LA, kobe wont pass the ball to you"     LOOOL gotta love magic fans
MagicBoltzRays::well it's probably true.
jrachi856::The Magic should just hold on to Dwight for a title run rather than trading him, there is nothing out there. Gasol is getting old and is on the downside of his career and you can't build a team around two role players in Bynum and Lopez so why take on their contracts and hurt your chances of getting K. Love, S. Nash, D. Williams, T. Gibson, and other good players coming up in the next couple of seasons in free agency. The Magic have nothing to lose and everything to gain by keeping Howard. If the Magic win the title whether they make a trade or not Dwight stays and the Magic become a desired team to play for with guys like D. Williams, S. Nash, and others. I like Nash but I'm not giving up young talent like R. Anderson or Redick to get a player with only a year or two left, I'd rather wait for free agency. I really hope the comparisons between Bynum and Howard stop because there are no comparisons, Dwight is better without a doubt. Dwight, Hedo, JJ Redick, and R. Anderson have been good all season and with J. Richardson, J. Nelson, and Von Wafer coming along the Magic are looking very dangerous. Go Magic!
Carlos08849::gasol,artest and bynum for howard
mbatkiew::If I were the Magic, I think I'd rather have Brooke Lopez, Gerald Wallace, and meaningful future 1st rounders.
MagicBoltzRays::take out artest and it's a deal.
Pun1sher7::shaq just lot of respect from me. Bynum a better post player than Howard? what world do you live on?
Carlos08849::shaq would dunk all over howard
MagicBoltzRays::Shaq still hates Howard.
Terry 1953::the lakers are soft up front, they need someone like Benoit Benjamin
NolaWhoDatSaints::Lakers still exist? I thought the only team in LA was the clippers.
oreed reborn::Andrew Bynum is not a guy u could build around off,   magic are better of trying to keep howard, the guy is to good ..lakers need a pg
oreed reborn::D-Will and howard are good friends, anything could happen,
_mongo__slade_::I don't know. D-Will came out with his wish list &amp; it didn't include Orlando...
oreed reborn::magic still have a chance, D-WILLIAM wants out if howard don't come and Otis Smith will be all over that... D-WILLIAM wants to play with howard
_mongo__slade_::I don't think the guy trusts SVG &amp; Otis Smith anymore. That's why he wants out...
barca653106::Worest mistake by lakers is when Odom asked for trade they should have tried to get a talented point gaurd for him not let him walk for free
Carlos08849::lakers cant have all the good players u know,u need to spread them around.or less nba gets boring watching lakers vs boston every finals.
mbatkiew::Yeah, like Odom? He's doing fantastic for the Mavs this year.
oreed reborn::yep  that cost lakers a good pg
_mongo__slade_::I agree. He had to go, but they should have addressed the PG position in the deal. Not a superstar, just a mid-level guy better than what they have.
pcshieh::Who is the best three point shooter: Ray Allen or Reggie Miller?? Who would you choose to make the best clutch shots in the last seconds of a game if close??
b.ball_player28::JJ redick...$@% the rest
Carlos08849::id pass it to miller
oreed reborn::well ray pass miller right? dumb question...ray is hands done better
_mongo__slade_::Tough coupla days for the Lakers. Not even sure what the answer is at this point. Everybody is saying to make a trade, but there isn't much out there. To get a decent PG, they'll have to give up Gasol...and that's a huge loss.
barca653106::I think gasol is going through the motions he was insulted by the trade and is acting professional by not whinning, but he is just playing as if it is a pick up game
Yungdubz27::At this point it might be worth it....he has turned into a jump shooting big man, his rebounds are down and his play in the post is down.
_mongo__slade_::Getting the ball into the post has been a major problem since day one. It sounds simple, but it isn't. Alot of their turnovers come from bad entry passes &amp; improper positioning from the bigs. That's where the lack of training camp &amp; practice time really hurts this team. The defense is improved, but alot of the little things on offense need work. I'd hate to give up on Pau just to get a PG that might solve one problem but create an even bigger one at the PF spot.
_mongo__slade_::That is mostly by design in the new system. Him hitting mid-range jumpers is a huge part of the plan. Not sure why they have him spotting up behind the arc though. Brown needs to figure it out pretty soon because this can quickly turn into a 4 game losing streak
Andy0890::Lol after reading this part of the recap  The Magic led 22-10 after one, with the Lakers struggling mightily on the offensive end. Relying on a lot of perimeter shots, the Lakers were just 4 for 21 in the period, including Gasol missing all four of his shots.  Orlando wasn't much better at 9 for 20, but managed to build as much as a 12-point cushion thanks to a 10-2 advantage on points in the paint  When did 45% become "not much better" than 20%?.
pcshieh::Some guy on one of the boards posted that Big Ben is better than D12.........became big discussion.......    Agree or disagree??
palanador21::I disagree, because Howard can score 20 points a night.  Wallace could never do that...
Andy0890::Haha i hope the argument was at least wallace in his prime compared to howard now. That could be debatable..defensively at least but wallace doesn't come close to comparing now
pcshieh::yes Wallace in his prime in Detroit......
Andy0890::Big ben? Who?
pcshieh::Ben Wallace.......some peeps on the board thought it meant Ben Roethlisberger..........LOL
Mesamav85::even if by some stroke of luck we get howard, i still dont see a fit, who is gonna feed him and set him up besides kobe (and thats still pushin it) his only fit would be garbage man for all the shots we continue to miss because shooting 41% doesnt get you in the playoffs
dawunderdude::Must suck knowing you're the reason the franchise wishes to leave. Or you're the example of the reason that is currently in play, because Nelson does not suck - it's just not a CP type guy.
Andy0890::You're right, he doesn't suck, his problem is he is way too small, he's a point guard by default cuz of his size and he can't play defense even against most of them. He's truly a shooting guard but was cursed by only growing to be 6 feet tall.
DeezBrown::How can you call yourself a GM after watching your team score 8 in a qtr in Miami and scoring 12 the next night??? Mitch get you game up. Yeah ur trade proposal got nixed, get up and try again because the Lakers wont even be a 5 seed with this squad.
Mesamav85::5 yrs ago i would have bought that, but not anymore. the kobe is selfish and arrogant excuses are getting old. he's in the top ten in assists as a SHOOTING GUARD, you pay your sg to shoot! not pass thats why theres point guards and yet he's still dishing, if you watched the games you'd know why  he shoots so much, his teammates cant make sh*t even when theyre under the hoop. And he is the first and last player in the film rooms every night and acts as a leader in helping teammates learn where they need to be. multiple guys have admitted that
Yungdubz27::I think their eggs are in the Howard trade basket right now...you have to wait it out and see...if he is not going to sign with orlando you don't want to make a deal that will hurt your chances on getting him. So you have to wait right now.
DeezBrown::I understand completely but they made it about Kobe by giving him a deal that get him 30 MILLION for one season!!!!! Lakers can only add good player by trades. So Mitch and Jim need to stop with their nonsense, get the hands off their ankles, and start throwing the kitchen sink at teams that have players we need.
Mesamav85::at this point ill take anything, if kobe doesnt get another superstar to make us a quick contender, so be it. ill take young talent to build on to see kobe's way out as a mentor, than being a sh*t team for the next decade
Mesamav85::I know its gonna be hard for laker fans and ill probably be scalped for saying this but its not just about kobe anymore, we need to build, our draft picks blow, our team is old, and management cant decide sh*t. im a die hard laker fan but enough is enough
DeezBrown::I mean C'mon!! We waited for the lockout to end to watch a PROFESSIONAL team (with Kobe on it) only score EIGHT points in a qtr. I would rather have a young talented team too but I doubt Kobe will be happy and you know how he gets DIVAFIED!
Andy0890::Jameer and either earl clark or deandre liggins for nash?
bjoellevine::I wish.  I think it would take Jameer and Redick to get Nash.  I'd still pull the trigger.
ucfyank::and the Lakers problem is at PG, Derrick Fisher is done.
DeezBrown::Fish is only important during crunch time. As bad as the Lakers offense is looking i doubt there will ever be a crunch time.
stormshadow2377::come playoff time Fisher can be counted on especially the longer a series goes on and the games start slowing down
DeezBrown::Even their D League call up is better than ALL of the lakers pgs
Andy0890::Yeah..i was watching that clippers game last night and they have three pgs better than any who played in the laker magic game
Andy0890::In other news..roethlisberger settled his most recent rape accusation..this guy better have learned what the word no means..
ucfyank::Dwight should be more like Kevin Durant and less like Carmelo. Stay in Orlando and become one of the good guys. Orlando is MUCH NICER than Oklahoma City and they got 2 stars to commit long term there. Either way a Championship will most likely have to go through Miami the next 4 years no matter where you play so might as well make it in Orlando where you are loved. Like Colin Cowherd said last week, Orlando is a top 8 place to play...it's not like Cleveland where talent refuses to sign there for various reasons(weather, rust belt, etc)
ucfyank::Otis has been aggressive even if he is wrong so we'll see.
tpm985::...who are the 2 stars that committed to staying in Orlando? Lmao no one wants to go to that losing town
bjoellevine::I think he was referring to OKC.  Otis Smith needs to make a big move to bring in a serious PG (Nash, Wall)  in order to convince Dwight to stay.  Because of the no state income tax, he can make significantly more money here than in either NY or LA.  But he wants to see management commited to putting a championship team on the floor.  Right now, the Magic are better than Lakers, Knicks or Nets and any trade with those teams might gut them.  I really wish that Dwight would sign a one year extension just so he can focus on what looks like a pretty good playoff run this year.
stormshadow2377::Teams like the heat can get away with having poor set offenses in the regular season but come post season poor set offenses get exposed especilly when the opposing team has time to prepare for it and the longer a series goes. Just look at what Dallas did to Miami in the finals for an example of how a poor set offense got exposed or look at the years the spurs won championships. during those years other teams were expected to win it all all throughout the regular season but got exposed come playoff time
stormshadow2377::there are way more examples of Lebron failing against zone defenses in the playoffs than him succeeding against them
Clenbutador::Why didn't the zone work when Lebron was destroying Chicago and Boston during the previous 2 series?  simple, they weren't illegal.
fox1131::ha?
stormshadow2377::that doesn't take away  from the fact that the Heat have a terrible set offense and terrible set offenses have been exposed time and time again come playoff time without illegal defense
Clenbutador::It was Chandler playing illegal defense the entire final series and not getting penalized for doing it.  That's how the mavs defense looked so good, especially in the 4th quarters.
Yungdubz27::The Mavs was playing a zone defense...which stop Lebron and Wade from driving to the lane at will.
-whoa-::so lebron sucked in the 4th quarter because of chandler is what ur trying to say. joke
-whoa-::ok now we blame chandler for the loss
OJKobeBradySabanPacquio::Mike Brown___________ insert jokes
BigTBfan1990::eye
Clenbutador::chicagogary13      jordan 6 rings  kobe 5 rings  saturn has rings  LeBum no rings     nuff said ============== Robert Horry 7 rings nuff said.
BigTBfan1990::Horry GOAT
BigTBfan1990::*besides Bill
LebrUncleTom::The Lakers are not good. They're done.
sprtfanusa::their dead
Clenbutador::There will be no Bynum for Howard after this game.
Yungdubz27::Hedo would come back in the trade exception.
bjoellevine::But it makes more sense to trade Dwight and get someone to take on Hedo's contract as part of the deal.  The issue about the Lakers is that at this point of his career, is Gasol really better than what the Magic already get from Ryan Anderson (who still has upside)?
Yungdubz27::Thats why you don't trade Pau Gasol in the deal.....LA can trade Bynum and the trade exception and maybe throw in a young dude for Dwight in Howard...the trade exception is 9 mill. your giving up almost 30mil for someone who makes 16 and can come off the books if you decided to the following year.
DeezBrown::Thats why I say the Lakers have no chance of getting D12. Pau makes like 17 mill and do you want to take that on knowing you have a solid pf already?
Yungdubz27::Bynum is way better then Lopez..
Yungdubz27::10pts 12reb in 26min what do you take out of that?
Yungdubz27::agreed...but who out there will give up something better then LA?
BigTBfan1990::good offense but no where close to the defensive presence that DH brings
BigTBfan1990::that would be a massive disappointment if that was all the Magic got
Yungdubz27::I think its a better chance it will happen if Dwight still wants to be traded...this game just showed Orlando Bynum would be the best choice out there if they have to trade Dwight Howard.
BigTBfan1990::whew, that would be a relief if they called that rumor dead
Mesamav85::its not a matter of what orlando wants, if dwight doesnt wanna play there, get what you can before he peaces out.
bjoellevine::But what does LA have to offer?  Bynum is good, but not nearly as good as Howard and Gasol can't give them any more than they are already getting from Ryan Anderson.  Not that the other offers are all that good either.
chicagogary13::jordan 6 rings kobe 5 rings saturn has rings LeBum no rings     nuff said
-whoa-::jordan 6 rings
chicagogary13::lol fat finger!
-whoa-::lol u edited it
zeblikon::And P.S. it sucks to be a Magic fan right now because even though we have the second best record in the East Dwight is destined to leave and our team will be a .500 squad going forward.
Heat fan since the summer of 2010::So Dwight is going to resign because all he cares about is winning right?
zeblikon::Ha I like your name because it is more honest than 99% of Heatles fans.
BigTBfan1990::if he wanted to win he'd stay put
-whoa-::good poinT
BigTBfan1990::going back to the beginning last season I'd love to see how many people gave Dallas any chance of winning the championship
BigTBfan1990::I wasn't aware you had a crystal ball I'd love to borrow it for the next lottery drawing
-whoa-::the magic have 0 chance of winning the finals
zeblikon::Clippers are the best team in L.A.?  Didn't they just get beat by Minnesota?  Clippers have a long way to go to be legit.  They will win some games but unless they match up with the Spurs will be bounced in the first round.
chicagogary13::Down Down DOwn Fakers going DOwn
BigTBfan1990::Magic continue to make their case as to why Dwight should stay.  Yet he continues to ask to move to inferior teams like NJ.  Fame isn't everything Dwight, loyalty and dedication speak volumes.
Mesamav85::he moved to a team that did look better at winning a championship, but a guy with his status needing to other all stars to do it is not what the mob would like to see, once again, its his status as the people have set for him that makes it look worse than it was.
Mesamav85::good point, i usually dont like neutral comments, but cant argue with the logic, tho most people would still use that move by lebron as an asterisk for a while
BigTBfan1990::what do you mean by the asterisk statement?
Mesamav85::well that rules you out as a lebron fan
BigTBfan1990::haha well he wasn't playing for the team I root for.  I have the utmost respect for Lebron's natural talent and freakish physical ability,  and to be fair, him going to Miami seems like a better chance to win than Dwight going to NJ.
stormshadow2377::Lakers will be fine they play very good in the half court. they're designed for the playoffs. all they need is to get in the post season
Bigmayne313::LMAO at clamp down D, if they play OKC, whos gonna clamp down Westbrook or Durant? If they play Portland who's gonna clamp down ALdridge? the list goes on, its a wrap for the Lakers
stormshadow2377::Dallas  beat the lakers but they were another team good in the half court.
stormshadow2377::why do you think last year the heat were better than dallas in the regular season but come post season they got beat by dallas?
stormshadow2377::especially in a series longer a series goes the more it favors teams good in half court sets
stormshadow2377::this is regular season where there is a lot more fast breaks post season when teams like the lakers and bulls start to clamp down on D a lot of the teams that thrive in the regular season will fail
-whoa-::nah they could win kobe could carry them once they get to the postseason, who can beat kobe in 7 games?
DeezBrown::Naw just Four BOOM! My poor Lakers.
calvintheidiot::yeah cuz the lakers are so good this year
-whoa-::uhhhhhhh not this year?
calvintheidiot::uhhhhhhhhhhhhh dallas?
Bigmayne313::Have you seen their last 2 games? They  suck against the elite teams of the NBA not to mention they cant win on the road, face it the Lakers are on a sh%t slide
espnut268::The only way the Lakers can improve the team and bring future stability is to trade Kobe Bryant. I hate to say it but he is the only player they have that can bring several chips back in return. He could probably draw 2 stars and some picks in return. Then you decide what to do with Bynum and Gasol once the Kobe deal is done.
Bigmayne313::Finally somebody speaks with some sense!!!
-whoa-::stop
Mesamav85::letting odom and shannon brown go completely destroyed our bench, never thought id say i miss sasha haha
Mesamav85::agreed, dirk was awesome last year but honestly the mavs bench won that championship by keeping them in games so dirk could close, and then we gave them odom....smh
Yungdubz27::That is the key to this season too...Odom being gone hurt us badly and Shannon Brown was Kobe's back up.
Durant AKA F-35::Gasol and Fisher for Curry
Andy0890::Monta elite? Thats a bit of a stretch. He's good and all but curry is a far better jump shooter. Yeah they need a big man..not one from europe that looks like he wants to go home
-whoa-::ellis&gt;curry
Bigmayne313::I think he meant Eddy Curry Lmao!!
-whoa-::why golden state needs a big man, and they have an elite guard as it is
Mesamav85::best idea of the day so far, would accept that offer in a heartbeat
-whoa-::i like this
Mesamav85::lakers have more spots to fill than leverage or players to fill them, its gonna be a long couple seasons for my lakers, problem with lakers is we havent set ourselves up for a longrun team for decades, just teams that are good for a couple years.
Mesamav85::Weve seen wierder things happen, as long as your star player isnt happy, youre at their mercy in this league
Bigmayne313::After last night, u think Orlando is stupid enough to trade for Bynum? Howard had more rebounds than Gasol and Bynum put together. The Lakers are about to go back to what they were in the 90's... has beens
Yungdubz27::Bynum had 12 rebounds in 26 minutes of play...GM's and scouts look at the big picture not just what the box scores says. Name me someone else that is in trade rumors for Dwight that can do that? 10pts 12reb in 26 minutes. Refs called some horrible fouls on him. but he still put up decent numbers in limited time.
Mesamav85::the first route seems more plausible but if the second route worked that would be a miracle. one can only hope stern doesnt find out
Durant AKA F-35::Gasol for Rondo
kshaup07::rondo can't shoot but his ability to create is probably the best in the league.
Mesamav85::nice thought but i dont see it happening, might as well throw a franchise tag on rondo
-whoa-::how will this help our shooting whoas
-whoa-::the lakers need Deron to man up and demand a trade where they , then and there can offer Gasol or bynum for Deron straight up
Yungdubz27::Kobe's making 30mill now.
-whoa-::damn
-whoa-::damn and kobe needs to chill with his 25 mills a year altho he probly wont cuz hes about to lose a bunch
Yungdubz27::Won't happen...LA would still be over the salary cap to sign Deron to a max deal like he would want. Even if they gave up both Gasol and Bynum...they would need to do a sign and trade.
Yungdubz27::New Jersey will not trade Deron unless its a young superstar coming back...they would rather let him walk. They will have cap space to sign 2 stars if they let him walk. Deron will would have got be a sign and trade with someone else if he was coming to LA.
stormshadow2377::Kobe is a better passer than Lebron and one of the best passers in the NBA
stormshadow2377::when looking at who's the best passer you can't look only at how many assists they have you have to look at all passes the ones that ended up as assists and also the ones where they passed to somebody who didn't score
stormshadow2377::when the team needs him to take more of a playmaker role he can easily come through
stormshadow2377::I say this because Lebron has had the luxury of playing in an offense where he can isolate all day to pad his stats and his main role is to be a facilitaor so hes also attempting to make more assists while Kobe has had to play most his career in the triangle where all of the passes and cuts are scripted plus his main role for most of his career has not been to be a play maker he's always had a huge scoring load.. Kobe's career assist numbers are exceptional when the fact that being a playmaker is not his main thing and also playing most his career in the triangle
kshaup07::You act like lebron's teammates make all their shots? What about in cleveland with that roster he was still scoring and getting about 8 assists per game
kshaup07::IF.
-whoa-::if kobes teammates made their wide open shots last night he woulda easily had 15 assists
-whoa-::especially Fisher he needs to explore a new career
Durant AKA F-35::really ? i had no clue since he's in the top 10 in assists as a SF
Durant AKA F-35::Gasol for Ellis
c_more::yeah maybe Dale Ellis.
mark35345::Gasol for someone - or Bynum before his next injury or limited game.
c_more::maybe this game will out those D12 for Bynum str8 up rumors to bed. instead of trading D12, Orlando needs tofind a way to trade Jameer Nelson's sorry a_ss and get a legit point. Find a way to get Steve Nash and watch th Magic become real contenders.
bjoellevine::Phoenix isn't going anywhere this year, so I think this is doable.  Might have to give up Redick in the trade, but can you imagine Dwight with a guy who averages 10 assists a night?
Durant AKA F-35::Wait, so if they get Howard(20-16 on a team that's all about him) instead of Bynum (16-14 on a team with Kobe( 25 shots per game) and Gasol) they're unstoppable now.What kind of upgrade is Howard exactly.Maybe L.A's problems aren't in the frontcourt
NotEvenMad::Lakers getting Howard? After this game I wouldn't be suprised if he asked them to be taken off the list.
ElArtman1973::howard makes opposing offenses fg% drop about 10% every game, or more. Bynum doesnt do this, no other player does this. that is dwights worth. which is huge. that and the fact that his presence on offense creates 80% of his teams offense without him even scoring
-whoa-::true but the GS guards are more shooters than anything else, but LA needs shooters as well , Kapono isnt cutting it
Yungdubz27::It's not the frontcourt thats the problem, its at the PG position....but if you get Dwight...you get a quicker big on the defensive end...someone who can rotate in the middle of the paint when those PG's came in the lane...if you alter 3-5 shots instead of giving them up as layups it changes the game completely.
Durant AKA F-35::good point, but i think trying to get a guard from golden state could work but i'm not sure
Yungdubz27::People keep saying Kobe needed allstars to win....what exactly did Lebron do again? Oh thats right join up with 2 all-stars and is trying to get a ring.
kshaup07::ok the team as a whole is old, sucks and kobe still shoots too much
Yungdubz27::I agree the team is old...and everyone should be on the trading block...except Kobe.
Yungdubz27::It is a team game...but you bring up Kobe's failures then it becomes he's old or he sucks or he shoots to much...never about the team around him.
kshaup07::so its not a team game?
-whoa-::yah but if ur a superstar u dont need a great team to win, just decent position players, lebron decided to go to 2 highly anticipated superstars
fox1131::Everyone needs stars to win, even Jordan needed another hall-of-famer to win. Its a team sport, it takes more than one star to win. I doubt that there is one championship team that has one great player win on his own, epecially in the modern era.
kshaup07::ask allen iverson how far one player gets you
c_more::no spam. i'm impressed whoa
kshaup07::well last time i checked basketball is a team sport.
-whoa-::ik smh i remember before Gasol came people saying kobe needed shaq and then LA gets a DECENT player in Gasol, and win TWICE, and now the same Lebron fans are crying, Kobe needed Shaq and Gasol to win his 5 championships, wtf do u want him to do play 1 on 5
