Jack::In their 1st year together the "big three" in Miami started the season 9-8 after pre-season predictions, including by the team themselves, had them breaking the 72-win record.  That of course didn't happen, but the team still managed to pull it together and reach the finals.  Chicago has enough talent and  plenty of time to turn it around, if not there's always the possibility of a trade (Deng's in the final year of a 14.2 mil contract and Hinrich in a final year of 4 mil)
ROY::I'm a Bulls fans but they cannot compete with the Pacers, best team in basketball.
Antoni::It was bringing back the starters that went deep down again. The bench has been much better off for the Bulls this game & getting +'s behind their names - read the whole stats - not just scoring
indy1958::The Pacers look like contenders. Their starting five is solid, their bench is deep, and they always bring the D.
Citizen::George and Stephenson combine to shoot 11 for 36 and the Pacers win by 17. The Pacers depth is simply wicked.
JaValeMcGee::D Rose is 110% recovered.   Maybe that 10% is causing the problem.
kirby r::All the blowing from Rose and Bulls fans is coming home to roost. It should have clear that the Pacers are the team to beat in this division and the real threats to the Heat. People diss Rose because of his bragging and boasting. It gets ridiculous and the Bulls fans constantly shouting MVP when Rose appeasers even though he's barely top five among players in the league.
Burr::ESPN has box scores, thanks for making it easy to set my fantasy teams, Y!
ron::Incidental contact!
Michael::This is not a knock on the Bulls..... But, does anyone remember the Eastern Conference Finals last year. I don't think anyone wants to Play the Pacers over the Bulls..... Especially Miami. The Pacers are the only team in the last two years to give them a tough series and arguably should have beat them in both. Miami did not add their offseason acquisitions to match up better with the Bulls.... they had the Pacers in mind.
