Kenny Newhouse::Go Grizz!
Nicholas Lasane::C.Lee??? the missing piece to the puzzle? would would have thunk it.
Daniel Haba::I've been saying the Grizz made a great trade since the moment they made it. Bayless didn't fit with this team and was quite frankly underperforming this year.
Marco Paz::"Thunk it" are you serious??!...it's thought it.
Alan Collins::I would have thought it! I knew he was a perfect fit for us. Any 3 and D player would fit well on the wing for our team. I wanted us to go after jj reddick this offseason but he costs to much. I almost cried tears of joy when I heard we traded for C.Lee. He is EXACTLY what we have been missing. With him and Miller they can't double and triple the post anymore. I just wish Pondexter was healthy.
Stephen Brand::I find it amazing that without Westbrook the Thunder don't have anyone that can total more than one or two assists! Durant has to do everything. And how come Ibaka seems to have forgotten how to score? They need points from him and Lamb.
Joshua Hsu::ibaka looks terrible tonight. just had a solid block, but his offensive game has been sluggish. getting blocked by the rim on a dunk is pretty sad. tired legs?
Harold Nations::They're just not close to an elite team without Westbrook, as they showed in the playoffs last year.
Brett Lane::so true, should have kept harden over ibaka
Eriko Jim::Surely the value of westbrook has doubled , this thunder team can't win without him. Durant should be a  worried man unless the team pays luxury tax by acquiring another star who can help Durant
Christopher Cosper::Can't win with west brook either is a double edge sword they need someone else I would have let Westbrook go and kept harden and just picked up a average pg
Eriko Jim::Christopher Cosper who?
Jody George Prats::I wish I was LeBron James  --Kevin Durant
Box Breakerz::I wish I had Chris Bosh Dwyane Wade and Ray Allen rather than Russell Westbrook, Kendrick Perkins and Reggie Jackson  -Kevin Durant
Jeffrey Nicholas::Box Breakerz Its not like the Thunder had Westbrook, Harden, Durant, and Ibaka on the same team.... DOH!
Reginald Corrington::And when they did where did they go....The finals. Harden was a no show then, and they were extremely young. Troll.
Jeremy Harris::Marc Gasol is in the starting lineup for the game! This should be a good game. Hopefully the Grizz can get back to .500 then work on a playoff spot in the second half of the season.
Allen Gordon::Can someone explain to me why Adams is not starting?He's far more productive than Perkins.
Ayn Bland::Because they'd rather have his strength on the second unit over Perk's weakness?
Peter Krane::I hope Marc and Tony can get back soon.  But, the others have done well without them, not great, but at least they finally learned to win two in a row.  This one will be a hard one to win, but Grizzlies just might pull it off against a good OKC team without Westbrook.  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!
Rajko Dugandzic::K.D please calm down, no more than 42pts or I will have to buy a oreo cake again!
Rajko Dugandzic::Thanks KD. you saved me
Cameron D. Larson::OKC sucks without westbrook unfortunately
Allen Gordon::OKC does not suck!! We just need a second scoring option, Preferably a 3 point shooter. Besides, it's seems as if Sam Presti is on the cusps of making a move so things should get better sooner than later.
Alan Collins::Eat that Celtics fans who thought they got the best of that trade. Lee was shooting 45% from 3 and 50% from the field before you'll traded him. He is perfect in our system. He just needed more playing time.
Peter Krane::GG Thunder fans.  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!!
Kurt Lucas::KD to play tonight.
Brian Martinelli::Just heard Gasol might as well, which would certainly be a surprise.
Ravi Mahalingam::Did the Grizz just send a message to the rest of the league?  Suddenly the idea of Memphis getting the #8 seed doesn't look so daunting.  Phoenix is without Bledsoe.  With a full lineup, Memphis is probably better than Minnesota or Denver.  They might get into the 8th spot by the all-star break.
Alan Collins::Why would the Grizz trade Bayless for an older player with a longer contract???? How stupid is that?!!!? Well we have won 3 straight games with him as our starting 2 guard. He plays Defense almost as good as Tony Allen but he shoots 45% from 3.  Why wouldn't we trade for a guy like that?
Redmond Barry::Plus it isn't as if Lee is like, on the wrong side of 30 or anything...
Justin McElhaney::Great...well no chance for OKC to win this game..KD injured his wrist in the Bucks game and has missed practice....no KD..no Westbrook=no chance for OKC...
Greg Bosgraaf::Are you guys hearing that he's out tonight? I see he's listed as day-to-day officially but I can never tell what team's actually intend to do. I hope KD is alright and get's back on the court soon, but I wouldn't mind if he played it safe and took the night off tonight :)
Jeremy Bergman::What is kd's status?
Kit Ownby::I don't know where you get your info, he is good to go and will play tonight.
Amir Shirazi::Okc are overrated,play great in season time, then Chock in playoff lol   Not a Grizz fan
Shawn Bento::what is a "Chock"?
Justin McElhaney::Really...since when did they chok in the playoffs...they lost Westbrook..if Westbrook hadn't been injured they would have been back in the Finals...stupid Heat troll
Errol Thomas Jr::Welcome back Big Spain!  Go Grizzlies!
MaPa Law::It wasn't Westbrook's absence that cost OKC that game... it was dumb player management. Why on earth would you bench players like Adams and Collison when they are going approx +15 while Perkins & Ibaka were going approx -15... Just plain Dumb coach's decisions...
Justin McElhaney::Memphis will b lucky if they make the playoffs...they don't have a bench andif Westbrook was playingbthe game wouldn't have even been close...nieve Grizz fans..
Andrew Higginbottom::we have been without our best player the majority of the season...we also have had injury issues from TA/Q-Pon, Z-bo all season....its still early and we are getting healthy...cannot say the same for the one man band OKC Thunder... maybe they will try the first round exit this year....I am sure you dont want the Grizz to sneak in the playoffs and knock you out the first round is why you made that comment
Joseph Barton::what does nieve mean?
Justin McElhaney::haha..1st round exit..really..OKC made it out of the 1st rnd without Westbrook..and its not like Memphis dominated OKC in rnd 2 all games were 5 points or less and again that was without Westbrook..if he was playing OKC probably would have swept the Grizz...
Cameron D. Larson::Ok who here thinks that KD will win MVP this year because as much as i would love for him to win it i just dont see it happening by loosing without westbrook?
Frank Brank::We pick every game every night. Thunder are one of our top bets tonight. See all our predictions here: http://wp.me/P49kjD-6C
Justin Porter::Durant will not win MVP if he is shot jacking on a team with a decent record. Lebron will win if the HEAT can take the easts top 2 seed or 1st seed.
Cam Perry::KD isn't even the MVP of his own team right now. Losing Westbrook is killing the Thunder like it did last year
Lukha Qangule::You sir do not know basketball. The amount of talent surrounding LBJ, it's expected to pass up shots. KD is shooting nearly 0.490 on 19 attempts per game (remember that ones efficiency drops when more shots are taken). His PER rating is still higher than Lebrons. Please sir, please
Cam Perry::Lukha Qangule Stats are great and all but they are struggling and one dimensional.  Please tell me who is your MVP right now. If the season ended today he wouldn't win it. I am broadcasting major so I am pretty sure I know a lot more about about basketball than you.
