superman253540::Beat NYK Monday w/o a full starting 5 Beat the Flamers on Wednesday w/o Rose Beat Philly w/o Rose  One of the toughest weeks of the year and these guys go 3-1 without a full roster. Wins like these show me why  we will beat the Heat this year
yardog59::6 -- 4 in their last 10 games   Suck on it Miami Trolls, your team is done!!
TRUESFONE::You heat trolls crack me up , just cause most don't care for le quit!!!! You go out of your way to create negative feedback for drose to help yourselves cope with the fact that the big 3 might actually never win $@%!!!!! Not 1 not 2  not 3 ,    Nada nada nada ,,,, big ol, goose egg! Keep haiting ! It is funny !
kojo1919::Top 5 Accomplishments of the Miami Heat    1.) Retiring Michael Jordan Jersey  2.) Fan up campaign  3.) NBA Championship  4.) Getting fans to understand that GLen Rice no longer plays on the team anymore  5.) Having fans show up earlier than mid way through the 2nd quarter
KingOfTheFantasyWorld::Rose has played the Bulls like a fiddle. He says the same old lies after every game he sits out.  "Oh I miss being on the floor"  "I wish I could have been there to help my teammates"  Lies, lies, lies
sumbrownkid::Haslem normally makes those shots.  Lebron actually did the best move in that instance.  He didn't really have shot nor was he gonna go to the line.
kojo1919::I understand that but lets be honest....Lebron is useless in the 4th quarter
Th3Messiah::hes just king of a fantasy world, he believes what he wants..its a 66 game season crammed in at Christmas he deserves to sit out while the Bulls keep winning
kojo1919::"haslem you take it! I don't know what to do in the 4th quarter"  Lebron
sumbrownkid::So did Rose molest you in your sleep or something?
sumbrownkid::3/10  You're not trolling properly.
KingOfTheFantasyWorld::May I suggest a litter box for Rose at the Berto Center ? All pussycats need a place to rest and do their duty.  Rose is of no use to the Bulls on the bench chewing on a towel while his teammates are carrying out their jobs.  Rose is soft. Rose's career won't be too long but he will limp to the bank to cash those checks.
stokez5802::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PR_rzF8ofw
sumbrownkid::4/10  Troll harder.
sumbrownkid::No problem Jill
KingOfTheFantasyWorld::OK, Sally
kojo1919::Only playing 3 quarters won't get you very far either
kojo1919::Talking about Queen Lebron
KingOfTheFantasyWorld::Very true Kujo
kojo1919::HAHA HEAT FANS!!!!! How does Queen Lebron lose to a 3rd string PG!
Robert156877::It is a team game, something Miami hasn't figured out yet.  The Bulls bench had something like 52 points, while the Heat bench had 15.
sanctie170::I hope the Bulls won't lose Rose due to injuries at some point. (I still have the sad memories of Jay Williams fresh in my mind!!)
sanctie170::and yeah I know it's not the same (Jay got a motor accident while Rose just has sports injury) but I hope the result won't be the same: losing a promising guard due to injury.
sumbrownkid::I remember that day.  Man it was a ball breaker
sanctie170::yes but it's still sad that he was an idiot. He can't help that his brain is not as smart as ours. (Besides I think most of us have done stupid, risky things throughout our lives.)
KingOfTheFantasyWorld::Jason Williams was an idiot driving a crotch-rocket he couldn't handle. Rose tweaked his back.
Antsea91::http://bit.ly/FPymN8
Braktooth::The reffing in that game was beyond terrible.
ronbo 236::Are you a Sixers fan?
Rich Sizelove::Yeah i dont get how LeBron is MVP when EVERYONE says they have a better team than the Bulls YET they are 1-1 against them and are 3 games behind them. Rose is not MVP either though. Kevin Durant ladies and gentlemen...
sumbrownkid::A new face should get the MVP.
ronbo 236::Bulls domination all year...I think so!!
tripledouble916::what makes lebron MVP? his team is not in 1st, they are not dominating again just like last yr, they have 3 top players, allstars, Olympic gold medalist and cant get it done
mel2409::your team doesnt have to be in 1st place to be the mvp. Lebron is mvp bc he does SO much for his team.
stokez5802::Like choke when it's time to score.......http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PR_rzF8ofw
chicagofan68::i agree. rose can't be either, with his injuries and how well they've played without him, but when your second best player on the team is the second best player in the league, it takes away the MVP consideration.
1522scooter::I think Miami Vice would have been more realistic if Sonny Crockett was gay.
Playing2wintheGame::A "miami vice" is when the recipient locks his butt muscles on the givers wiener. I thought you knew that
3yardsandsomedust::ROFLMAO!!!  that just made the quote of the day....
Apakalypse085::Day in the life of your average Heat Troll     1) have mom wake them up   2) eat cereal and watch cartoons   3) fap to their Lebron fathead   4) cry   5) go to ESPN.com   6) troll   7) bed
skippa18::lol
Rossi46Doctor::Miami fans: if you stop begging for attention from us, you might get our respect.  One fluke title and a ton of years of futility doesn't put your franchise anywhere near elite status. Sorry.  Your FA splash has yet to yield any rings for you.  Call us when it does.
ImNotThaDaddy::happy birthday to my dude brian scalabrine
1522scooter::I guess that makes you the daddy
Jaguarcrazyboy::Great win for the Bulls. I wanted to see us win a game like this without Derrick.. Bulls got the job done.GO BULLS
Sean88142::And we got to see two games in the same week like this.
surfzone365::LeBron is a great player.  Noone is going to dispute that.  He just isn't they guy to go-to in the clutch.  Not sure why because he is more than capable.  He just won't step up, therefore not living up to his true potential.  That will always (and has) hamper his career and ability to truly lead a team.  Not all players are cut from the same fabric as a MJ, Magic, Bird, Hakeem, Kobe, Dirk, etc.
stokez5802::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PR_rzF8ofw
Rossi46Doctor::No one doubts his talent. What's been proven, time and time again, is his mental weakness. Physical ability and mental fortitude don't always come as a package. MJ had it, that's why he's the greatest player to ever play the game.  LeBron is a physically gifted guy who's also very immature and mentally soft.
NBA_refs_are_weak::Hes come up short quite a few times, but I simply cant/will never forget that playoff game against the pistons he scored 25 straight. Theres simply VERY VERY few guys that could ever do that. whatever he does in the future is for the future and his legacy and all that nonsense. but right now, you cant take what hes already accomplished. it might not be what some people thought he shoulve, maybe he SHOULD have won a couple rings, but hes definitely been clutch in his career in spots only a handful of guys could have pulled off
sumbrownkid::If you look at the standings, only the eighth seed in the east has a losing record.  East is not weak.  West is just overrated.
2kobeisgood4::that was a weak old piston team, we need to realise that he plays in a weak conference
Dancing_Chalupa::Have you been watching basketball before last years finals?
Slaughter Lane::Dancing_Chalupa - Yes, LeBron was stopped exactly like that by the Lakers in the finals.
2kobeisgood4::what has lebron done when it matters most in any finals
sumbrownkid::Scalabrine MUP  Most under appreciated player.
MVP3 Lebron James::3 MVP's in 9 years. Who does that?
surfzone365::Wow, LBJ supporters have gone silent...lesson complete.
Apakalypse085::Bill Russell. I think that's it.
Apakalypse085::Kareem
Apakalypse085::Jordan.
VJmanna1123::Who has more than three?
Apakalypse085::They think Lebron will be first NBA player with 3 MVPs LOLOLOLOLOL
VJmanna1123::Plus he's not a lock for this year, watch out for Durant, especially if the Thunder finish with the best record in the NBA
sumbrownkid::Main issue with Durant: no muscle and defense is soft.
Apakalypse085::Bulls are 37-10 right now...
TheWalrusnow::durant hasnt taken the next step, still an average defender. lebron has dominated on both sides of the ball. durant will only win it if the people voting hate lebron.
VJmanna1123::**better record than the heat, there a lock for best record in west**
Apakalypse085::Best record in the West**
surfzone365::And as a follow-up, MVP's aren't MIA in the 4th quarter, unless you play for MIA :)
Stryker Rip Strongheart::Wilt, Russell, Kareem, Bird, Magic, Jordan...pretty sure Moses Malone got 3 as well, can't remember though.  But yeah, we get it, Lebron's great. He is, no one denies it.
TheWalrusnow::kobe 1
Stryker Rip Strongheart::Kobe's got 1, Karl's got 2.
Apakalypse085::Nope, Karl has 2.
VJmanna1123::Didn't Karl Malone get 3 as well, and Kobe too?
Apakalypse085::Moses has 3 also.
surfzone365::Because Jordan wsn't scared to take game winning shots vs Utah :)
stokez5802::smh
Apakalypse085::I'd rather have a full team of Scalabrine's on it.
TheWalrusnow::penny had three good yrs. and then blew out his knee. he never won an mvp or led his team to the best record, or was the best player on a title contender. remember penny played with shaq. penny was great in his prime, but rose won an mvp at age 22, led his team to the best record in the nba being the only all-star on his team, and led his team to the eastern conference finals.
sumbrownkid::If I could clone Jordan and put him on the Bulls I'd do it.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Penny is way greater than Rose, fool
TheWalrusnow::?? he probably made a comparison to jordan bc jordan is the only other player to do that, so he was answering the question. and no one is comparing rose to jordan, everyone knows jordan is a far better player than rose. and that rose is a far better player than penny. why are the two lebron lovers on this page such idiots?
Apakalypse085::U asked who has done that, Jordan has.
surfzone365::You're right.  LBJ is no comparison.  Yes, there i go.  You mad?    "Wade, Haslem, please take the last shot! Please! - LBJ
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::There you go, making an unnecessary comparison to Jordan. Why dont you compare Rose to Jordan? Oh wait, cuz it would be unfair to Rose. Maybe Rose and Penny HArdaway?
surfzone365::Oh Haslem, where are you - LBJ
VJmanna1123::Jordan
MVP3 Lebron James::NBA's best point guards....  1. Chris Paul 2. Tony Parker 3. Steve Nash 4. Derrek Rose.................edit 4. Westbrook 5. Rose
stokez5802::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PR_rzF8ofw
1522scooter::You forgot one....  207. Chalmers
MVP3 Lebron James::It's all true
Sean88142::In order for something to be true, it can't be total bologna. Your list doesn't fit the category.
TheWalrusnow::in your head maybe. any reasonable person can see that your opinion is not fact.
Stryker Rip Strongheart::Wow, you seem totally unbiased, I completely trust your expert opinion.
sumbrownkid::In a general list, I'll agree to that.  As for ranking is obviously put Rose at number one lol.
TheWalrusnow::well now you are just trying to incite, by making ridiculous idiotic statements. how old are you?
VJmanna1123::Any chance Kevin Love surprises us in the MVP race, he has the t-wolves in the playoffs without Ricky Rubio
NBA_refs_are_weak::honestly, if come playoff time Im looking at a #8 seeded TIMBERWOLVES TEAM, then theres no way love isnt my MVP. idc what anyone else is doing. for love to take THAT team to the playoffs, with what we've watched the last couple years, that speaks for itself
TheWalrusnow::not with the yr. lebron is having.
MVP3 Lebron James::Minne is 10th in the west. playoffs?
VJmanna1123::Sorry, I thought I saw them in the playoffs...
sumbrownkid::No talks about Kevin Love.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::All I know is the Bucks will be a scary team to play in the first round.
NBA_refs_are_weak::ehhh coming into the season maybe, but with all those roster changes they're a team in flux right now thats not primed to make any noise in the playoffs, even if they made it.
Stryker Rip Strongheart::Bucks are probably finishing as a 7 seed...They have a better offense than Boston and better coaching than NY. But you never know if this "resurgence" (if you can call a 2-game win streak that) under Woodson will stick. If it does, Boston might very well miss the playoffs this year.
surfzone365::I think Orlando has a chance to do some damage.  Noone is talking about them.
Stryker Rip Strongheart::Agreed...Orlando is dangerous in the playoffs.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::They will probably face the Heat in the second round.
surfzone365::Doesn't mean they cant get far and knock off a team or 2, which can change the whole landscape of the playoffs.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Like every yr, three point chuckers dont win championships.
TheWalrusnow::the bucks arent even in the playoffs yet. they are behind the knicks.
TheWalrusnow::haha ok. besides him being terrible at defense, being an undersized two, and who takes chances instead of guarding his man properly and within the defensive scheme. he is great at getting steals thats about it.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Ive been watching ellis on GS, he is not bad with the D.
TheWalrusnow::"beasts with ellis"?! has ellis even played a game yet with the bucks? calm down and wait until a game is actually played with ellis on the court to call them beasts. he is essentially the same player as jennings which could be great or terrible, especially on the defensive end.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::You seriously think the Knicks will make the playoffs, or the Celts wont fall out of contention. The Bucks are beasts now with ellis.
sumbrownkid::This.  Bucksanity.
surfzone365::That's the beauty of it all.  You never know which of the lower-seed teams will make the most noise.  Sometimes they get in, and play loose with no pressure, and get great results.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Knicks, not so much
dudewhereismycar-best-movie-ever::Any one else hung over?
dudewhereismycar-best-movie-ever::Ugga Bugga!
MVP3 Lebron James::The battle is for second best.....  CP3, Rose, Howard, Bryant, Durant..............who's gonna step up and take 2nd?
Gex.2::we all get it.  lebron will win the MVP.  nobody cares.
TheWalrusnow::does it matter?
MVP3 Lebron James::2011 Headlines : "Lebron to sacrafice MVP's to play with Wade,"  Ooopsy!
TheWalrusnow::no one was thinking lebron was actually sacrificing mvp's. just thought it could be more difficult.
sumbrownkid::Why are you so hot for lebron's MVP?
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Lebron already got this MVP, lets talk about the playoffs since it is next month! 4 more weeks!
sumbrownkid::I just want the Bucks to steal eighth seed from New York.  Ruin their season and laugh at them.  Next year though, I'll take them seriously.
sumbrownkid::And it's getting unbearable again now on ESPN talking up the Knicks.
surfzone365::Knicks are relying on emotional events for success.  Again, they rode Linsanity, and now riding their coaching change.
surfzone365::The playoffs are unpredictable.  That's why they are played.  Don't over-analyze anything too soon.
MVP3 Lebron James::Everyone just calm down! They've already inscribed "MVP3 Lebron James" on the trophy. Just move on.
sumbrownkid::Yep, Wade's team.
sumbrownkid::This whole whose team is whose can be felt though sometimes.  It's stupid when fanboys get riled over it, but I got no issues with it.  It's just another part of lebron that was destroyed by the media.
TheWalrusnow::what i am saying is that it doesnt matter, and is based entirely on perception. you do not know the locker room, team meetings, or how the team interacts. it could very well be lebron's team whatever that is supposed to mean. the whole concept though does not affect the outcome of the game, just peoples stupid idea of power struggles within an organization.
sumbrownkid::I'm not arguing anything.  I'm actually saying what most people will agree with.  It's wade's team.  He brought James over.  He brought a ring to Miami in 2006.  Forget about clutch moments.  Bulls is roses team, lakers is Kobe's, magic is Howard's, and heat is wades.  It's the leadership of wade that makes it his team.
TheWalrusnow::that doesnt mean its wade's team. it means wade is better at creating his own shot and finishing in the clutch. so was it kobe's team in LA during the early 2000's when shaq was obviously the best player? or was it robert horry's team bc he was the most clutch performer on the team?  how about in orlando, it is definitely "howard's team" yet at the end of games other players take the last shot. your argument has nothing to do with whose team it is, but who is the best in the clutch.
sumbrownkid::Well it obviously Matters in the final moments of a game.  Lebron disappears while Wade stands his grounds.  Wade's team.  Is it stupid?  Yeah.  Is their truth to it though?  Yep.
TheWalrusnow::making such comments is stupid/ridiculous. do you think lebron and wade care "whose team it is"? no. it is only stupid fans and reporters that talk about such unintelligent pointless stuff.
Apakalypse085::All good, he can have it even though he's not deserving. MVP 2012-Lebron 2012 NBA Finals MVP- Derrick Rose.
stokez5802::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PR_rzF8ofw
jcr54321::How is almost 28 PPG, 8 RBG, and 7 APG not deserving?!  LeBron is balling at another level.
TheWalrusnow::lebron is deserving of the mvp, he has been the best player in the league this yr.
surfzone365::Wade is better than LeBron. Remember, it's Wades team.
surfzone365::I'm sure the Heat were amazed first-hand by the lack of D Rose.  Even though they made it a close game in the end, they got abused pretty much the whole game.  When they finally got going, it was too late.
sumbrownkid::That's one issue with Miami.  They are soft at times.  And commit too much to the fast break and steal.
MVP3 Lebron James::2012 most layups missed 1. Rose  52 2. Wall    49 3, Bryant 46 Chokers!
Gex.2::that stat seems wrong. the bulls have played 47 games, rose has played like 35, meaning he has averaged missing a bit over 1 a game?  He's missed way more than that - everyone in the league has.
TheWalrusnow::ha. ok. where did you get that stat? a missing a layup isnt choking, unless it is uncontested. do you have a stat on uncontested layups missed?
MVP3 Lebron James::The Bulls are better off without Rose. MVP?...............ha
Gex.2::i can see a heat fan making that statement in an attempt to rationalize losing to a bulls team absent d-rose, but the truth is we are clearly much, much better with him on the floor.  it wasn't long ago that heat fans were saying the bulls are terrible without rose (nets and boston losses come to mind).  lot of flip flopping down in miami.
TheWalrusnow::the bulls arent better off. even though they have played extremely well this season without him. amazingly the bulls play well whenever one of their starters goes down. they played well when deng was missing as well.
TheWalrusnow::the bulls do not have great individual players off the bench outside of gibson. korver is simply a scorer, watson an shoot first pg, lucas is a player that took 5 yrs. after college to actually see court time, butler is a offenseless rookie, the bulls dont have great TALENT/SKILL off the bench, they are just unselfish and hardworking, something most benches arent.
Apakalypse085::Uhhhhhhh there isn't "more talent/skilled benches out there." Bulls have the best bench in the league.
TheWalrusnow::its their depth but mainly how they know how to play with each other. there are definitely more talented/skilled benches out there, the bulls just know their roles.
Apakalypse085::It's the depth of the team.
Apakalypse085::I've never heard a Bulls fans say he should get it this year.
Apakalypse085::Yeah, that you're a dumbas.s.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::You learn something new, everyday Apakalypse
jcr54321::MVP= Most Valuable Player.  No more of this "most valuable to his team" crap.  It's the reward for the best and most dominate player in the league, and clearly that is LeBron at the moment.
Apakalypse085::Didn't know MVP were about the stats. Heat can win without Lebron like the Bulls can win without Rose.
jcr54321::Nah, KD is purely a scorer.  LeBron is a better and more all-around player.
TheWalrusnow::KD isnt deserving. westbrook has carried that team at times, and lebron is having a monster season. lebron is the clear cut mvp this yr.
Apakalypse085::It should go to KD however.
jcr54321::Lol there have been more than one Bulls fans saying that he should...
MVP3 Lebron James::Lebron's MVP is already in the bank for 2012. You ladies need to go powder your noses.
surfzone365::Jeremy Lin can have the MVP for all I care.
VJmanna1123::Huge Bulls fan here, This stretch has proved why d-rose will not repeat as MVP, because the bulls can win without him.
VJmanna1123::What about Kevin Love?
surfzone365::That is a gray area.  Last year Rose was MVP because he truly carried that team in every aspect.  This year's team is different and more capable of winning without him.  Had Rose been out this much last year, it's obvious they would not have done so well.  Remember, the Bulls started off 9-8 last year.  This year's team only has 10 losses after 47 games.  Big overall team improvement.  I personally don't care about individual accolades such as MVP or whatever.  Results are the ultimate trophy are the goals.
surfzone365::Bulls team, including their bench, is playing much better.  Not so much by getting new players, but just internal improvement.  In that regard, they are not quite the same.
TheWalrusnow::rose was caring the team last yr. when boozer and noah missed significant time, the bulls were forced to start kurt thomas some 20 games. the bulls also had keith bogans as the starting sg, who i believe is not even in the league any more (if he is, he isnt seeing much time.)
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Last year's is the same team. Don't Bulls fans call their bench THE MOB because they are able to sustain leads? I dont see how this proves Rose's MVP...It was defense, their bench, and rebounding
Apakalypse085::Then Lebron should not get the MVP.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Du"cant" has a great coach and Westbrook/Harden to pick him up. See I can drop names too lol
Apakalypse085::F*ck if that's the case, give it to Bosh. Heatless lost 2 games w/o him. Bosh 2012 MVP!
Apakalypse085::LeBaby has the other "Big 2" remember? Should go to KD.
TheWalrusnow::rose, durant, and lebron are all good teams that can win games without them. the reason why they are mvp candidates is bc they take their teams to another level. the bulls have looked okay without rose, but they will not win a playoff series unless he is the lineup. their defense and some great shooting from role players has really allowed them to win a few games without rose. i think everyone knows, lucas cannot put up these numbers game in and game out and watson is a huge liability if his shot isnt falling.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Then Durant shouldnt get the MVP. Because of Westbrook and Harden,
Gex.2::you're probably right, although he has also shown that he can lead a team to the best record in the league despite 70+ player days worth of injuries.  he's also not putting up the numbers he did last year, and i think even if lebron misses the rest of the regular season or plays horribly, they'll still give the MVP to him.  i think the award was already decided before the 1st game was even played.
surfzone365::I know this is off-topic for this particular game, but I'm still amazed at how poorly Boston is doing.  They have some issues to hammer out.  Last year they were in the thick of the EC race.
surfzone365::I believe Rondo's days in Beantown are numbered too.
surfzone365::Yeah, it's showing.  If it were not for Rondo, they'd be out of the playoff picture.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Linsanity wave led to a 7-1 record when it was active. Thats good enough for 7th seeding at this time in the season.
surfzone365::Yeah Knicks are playing in spurts this season.  They rode the Linsanity wave.  When that died off, they are now riding the coaching change wave.  We'll see what happened when that calms down.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Knicks and Bucks are surging. It's a matter of time IMO
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::They're old and it's a shortened season. It's pretty obvious.
BRAY5150::Man what happened to the 76ers?
surfzone365::They played hard but came up short in the end.  Good game though.
chitwnwest::good win Chicago!!  GO BULLS!!!
Gex.2::6 players on the bulls averaging double digit scoring.  pretty impressive
surfzone365::Good morning fellow NBA junkies.  Again, this was good game.  Glad to our Bullies fought hard after being down 14 and cruised the rest of the way.  Tough matchup next at Orlando.  Hopefully we can continue our recent success at the Magical Kingdom.  Go Bulls
surfzone365::Also, a healthy Rip Hamilton would be a major boost.  We've seen very good things when him and Rose are on the floor at the same time.
Gex.2::true, but rip was also a guy largely brought in for the playoffs, so as long as he's healthy by then we can live without him.
Apakalypse085::Still doesn't make up for it. Him playing 1 game, sitting the next 3 weeks is just unbelievable. He's good when he's playing, but Brew has done a fantastic job when he's filling in.
Gex.2::yeah people are getting sick of rip for being injured, but they forget how dominant the team is when he's knocking down shots and making great passes.  if he's healthy, conditioned and back in form come playoff time, we will be a force to be reckoned with.
Gex.2::that comeback was awesome.  great to see the team playing so well and never giving up
Gex.2::JL3 is playing great.  i think the portland game was a bit of a reality check for the bulls in that they can't resort to the 3 ball to get back in a game.  but otherwise pretty much everyone on the team is playing strong, and the backup PG's aren't afraid to drive or take big shots.  It's great to know your 3rd string PG isn't a scrub like the ones on most teams - and that he can come in without the team losing any productivity
surfzone365::I agree.  It is good to truly see what our bench is made of.  Our bench is clearly better than some other teams' starting crew.  Not perfect, but they clearly can step up and fill in as needed.  I know JL3 is not a world-beater, but he impressed me Wednesday night and I have new respect for him.  He reminded me a lot of Damon Stoudamire back in the day.  I think his development is key for us.
Gex.2::it definitely sucks having so many guys missing games from injury - as we'd probably have an even better record right now, but i think it's a blessing in disguise as you see bench guys getting more playing time and people like taj gibson shooting with a lot more confidence.  But yeah fully healthy + this improving bench is going to be dangerous.
surfzone365::As much as it frustrates me to see this team not be healthy for most of the season, it amazes me just as much how they can pull it together and step up.  I just hope we have everyone back (and healthy) come playoff time.
1Dre8::Some trolls dont sleep
Apakalypse085::Day in the life of your average Heat Troll     1) have mom wake them up   2) eat cereal and watch cartoons   3) fap to their Lebron fathead   4) cry   5) go to ESPN.com   6) troll   7) bed
Dancing_Chalupa::Why would they want to live your life doing that silliness?
Apakalypse085::"That awesome Bulls fan is mean to me......waaahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!" -Dancing_Burrito
Apakalypse085::Not going to say anything? Are you telling your mommy on me kid? awwwwwwwww :)
Apakalypse085::umad?  yodawghemad.
Dancing_Chalupa::That's the best you can do?Little bandwagon kids make the real Bulls fans look like idiots sometimes.
Apakalypse085::And what time did your mommy wake you up this morning?
Apakalypse085::1) I live by myself 2) I'm not a child 3) I have a gf, don't need my hand 4) I cried because it was awesome! 5) I talk to other Bulls fans 6) I would never troll 7) Yes, I do go to sleep
53Kevin::LOL
Nanrad_91::Although Boozer leaves much to be desired on defense, this article sums up what I feel about him. http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1099009-chicago-bulls-need-to-run-more-plays-for-carlos-boozer
sabermetrics are right::How long will it be before Bulls fans finally recognize that they hate Lebron for two reasons. 1) You guys wanted him and he went to Miami instead and 2) He made your "MVP" look like he was 38 years old in the 4th quarter of 3 ECF games last year.
Nanrad_91::What do you gain by making us "admit" to that? And last time I checked, LeBron was apart of a double team on Rose in the ECF.
Dancing_Chalupa::MVPs are supposed to split double teams and make the play. That is the bash Bull Bandwagoneers talk crap about Lebron. If the guy is the best in the league, he shouldn't be choking.
sabermetrics are right::Nope, he straight up picked him up at half court every possession of the 4th quarters in games 2, 4, and 5. Rose shot what 20% in the 4th quarters of those games?
53Kevin::Have no time for Trolls like Dancing_HeatTroll,but yet he keeps writing.Is he just dumb or plain dumb?
Dancing_Chalupa::Go change your diaper Rose nutsuck.
53Kevin::Was'nt insulting no one.Made my point,you insulted.Wasn't even talking directly to you on my 1st post.You took offense 4 nuthin.
Dancing_Chalupa::I was posting. You started insulting. And now I am taking a leak on your face.
53Kevin::You Leave,I'm on my teams chat board.What da hell you doing in here Heat Troll!
Dancing_Chalupa::You are just mad because you are a flaming idiot and nobody wants to be your friend.  Maybe you should leave, go outside and play on your skateboard.
53Kevin::Still following me eh?Lol Lol,You need a life and mind!
evanturnerbestshootingguardthankobe::MAN I THINK COLLINS HAS IT IN FOR TURNER SOMETHINGS GOING ON THE 2ND PICK IN THE DRAFT CANT STAY ON THE FLOOR AND HES THERE BEST PLAYER WTF IS GOING ON
Dancing_Chalupa::You think nobody will read this if it isn't in caps?
evanturnerbestshootingguardthankobe::EVERYTIME HE MAKES A GOOD PLAY COLLINS TAKES HIM OUT REALLY WIERD
53Kevin::4get this fool Dancing_Heattroll,He just wants attention.Now he bothering you about caps.LOL LOL LOL
53Kevin::Come here to talk Basketball sense,not non-Basketball foolishness!!!!!!
Dancing_Chalupa::That is what happens when someone has a different viewpoint. They get called names and personally bashed.  Society at its finest.
VJmanna1123::look who's talking!
53Kevin::Further more,if the Bulls team was not as deep as it is,Rose probally would play.This just shows you how much of a team player he is.Not only him, but the whole Bulls team are team players!
Dancing_Chalupa::That is nothing more than a personal assumption.
Dancing_Chalupa::Facts are facts.Fact is you are a moron.  What I posted is exactly what it is.
53Kevin::You just don't like facts but fiction Dancing_Chalupa!But your  name is a perfect match for my statement!
davereynolds2313::Lebron has the luxury of having 2 all stars on his team to take away double teams.Don't get me wrong the dude is a monster but if Rose had a consistent scorer to open up the floor he could take it to a higher level.
53Kevin::You dummies that get on here don't know whatda hell you are talking about!Rose should have never won MVP?!You are crazy!Just becuz He is injured this year,so last year he should not have won MVP?Rose missed only 1 game last year,carried that team while Noah and Boozer spent most of the season out bcuz of injuries,took that team from 8 seed to 1st seed,and had the best record in the NBA,and you say he should not have won the MVP!DWill just got back from injury but nobody is saying anything about that.Paul was hurt a whole lot last year and missed a few games this year,I don't see nobody saying anything about that.You same people talking about trade Rose are the same hypocrites that  if the Bulls put him up for trade would be hoping that your team would trade for him!And you are the same hypocrites that would call in from work if you just get a sniffle!!!!!!!!
