ThoseWhoStayWillBeChampions1982::Ive been following a bet system called SportsBettingStar a few months back.  Since I joined the system, Ive doubled my earnings in just 2 months using it.  You will be able to find this betting system on the first page of Google when searching for Sports Betting Systems.
designtoad::I was hoping that Seattle would buy N.O. They have a team that struggles with attendance and local interest. With a new coach and keeping Cousins and Freddette, the Kings can be interesting for the next couple years. I guess they will be interesting as Sonics.  Does anyone else think that the Maloofs are tanking the season to make it easier on fans?
Manti Teo boyfriend::LETS GO SONICS! YOU KNOW YOU CAN PLAY BETTER THAN THAT!
64801Mike::Started betting with a system called Sportsbettingstar now for a couple of months. I found this on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems. Since I started I have made around $3,000 a month just following it. Ive tried a few systems in the past and nothing compares to how well this one does.
danielwsmithee::2 DNPs for Jimmer, got to be kidding me!
eaglesflyers93::come on Sonics! cheering for Gonzaga for the last couple of years isn't really the same experience...   ps. good try Pelicans!
ensign.devyn::All Kings fans want Jimmer to play more. All people that watch Kings games want to see Jimmer play more. The only people that don't are people that come on these boards to comment but really don't know anything about Jimmer's play this year, as can be witnessed by reading through comments on any Kings board. I'm sure the new owners see it too, and hopefully a new coach will. Good luck with the new organization Jimmer and Co.
designtoad::Smart is a dumb coach. Westfal's teams were bad at D, but at least they were fun to watch--115 points a game. Westfal was fired after 9 games. Smart is a clown and has lasted over a season and a half.
ensign.devyn::I think you can attribute that to declining interest by the Maloofs, with the end result being the sale of the team.
wareagledude5710::It's the end of the Kings as we know it. (3x) and I feel fine.
IMPORTEDHAYESBOYY::Come on Sonics!! Step up your play!!
ItsAllComingBackToMe1985::For a few months now, Ive been using this system called SportsBettingStar to help me pick out some winning bets.  In just 60 days of using this system, Ive managed to double my bankroll by following this system.  You can find this system on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
fpbball::i can understand not playing a player if things are working out fine, but its not for the kings.  jimmer is a better player than most give him credit for, and he hasnt even really gotten to prove himself. If they are losing to the BOBCATS, for goodness sake give him some minutes and let him play, it is truly a shipwreck in Sacramento unfortunately, because they do show signs of talent in evans, and cousin obviously, and i believe Jimmer could prove himself given the opportunity, so screw off all you haters.
j_erick11::Agreed, but aren't going to get a trade until the new owners come in with there guys to decide who they want to keep and who they want to move. Jimmer is a money maker, so I doubt they move him. We'll just have to endure more Kings losing while the most consistent shooter on the team rides the pine for whatever reason Keith Smart can invent.
Grantox::Its annoying to see jimmer sit when he has played so well this year on limited mins. The kings have a horrible record and have nothing to lose by starting him and giving him 30 plus mins a game to see what he can really do. I am sick of it! letting shooting and passing talent like his go to waste I am crossing my fingers for a jimmer trade soon! I think he can be something special. its driving me nuts to see aaron brooks play so bad yet got to start so many games, and see jimmer play so well and not even get more than 20 mins a game. It is BS
nlwhittle::I think there is some middle ground on the Jimmer discussion.  Obviously he isn't an all-star who will dominate.  However, he is better than Keith Smart is allowing him to show.  He leads the team in efficiency ratings and pts per 48 minutes.  His +/- numbers are among the best on the team when he is in.  I hope he will get a shot with better ownership and a coach who knows what he is doing.  The Kings/Sonics have some talent.
designtoad::Jimmer isn't going to save this team, but he is more fun to watch than Evans or Salmon.
MortiesRalphers::Dude stop wrecking the entertainment of conversation board arguments!
jcollin1::Hornets (or whatever their team name is) are a team on the rise--
TimeWarp.::New Orleans has a good roster and they're playing well.
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::yes. vasquez is a pleasent surprise. i dont think gordon is worth the contract he signed, but he is still pretty good and of course anthony davis who should explode in 1-2 years. looking good
schuylervillesux::I would understand not playing Jimmer if the guys that were playing in front of him were great or even solid.  But they are not.  They were 3 of 15 from three today, their guards had a whopping 7 assists COMBINED, and he was the only one not to get off the bench the whole game!  PPM ranked 15, #2 from the line and 9 from Three and he cant get a sniff, just because one game he was 0-4 in 9 minutes.  Where is STEVEN A. SMITH, if the roles were reversed and Jimmer was black on an all white team and coach, Reverend Jackson would be at every game!  Anyone that does not see that is either ignorant or just plain stupid, I'm guessing both!
nlwhittle::Yes.  He just isn't good enough.  His top 10 in the league in pts per 48 minutes shows he sucks.
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::man, stop playing the race card. jimmer just isnt good enough for the NBA
brianisphil::The Kings are terrible!!! Maybe with new ownership they will make basketball decisions based on basketball and not money. The Maloofs are the worst!!!
designtoad::the new owners will can the coach.
ItsAllComingBackToMe1985::Started betting with a system called SportsBettingStar now for a couple of months.  I found this on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
btate2000::Jimmer gets 2 DNPs in a row.... you kidding me?  This is not a player that should EVER get a DNP, whether the argument be due to his talent or simple need for continued development.  He last played and scored 12 pts and they won by 1 point.  This has been one of the more upsetting trainwrecks to watch in the league this year.  Heck with auditioning for a job for the new owners - Coach Smart should not coach again ... period.
dwighthowardsamazing::At least you didn't call him a racist
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Austin Rivers well on his way to being the new human victory cigar.
13JustWinBaby1988::Started betting with a system called SportsBettingStar now for a couple of months.  I found this on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
dwighthowardsamazing::Ha ha you messed up you didn't say you doubled your money stupid
dwighthowardsamazing::Jimmer fans are almost as bad as Lin fans you don't like him for whatever reason so you are racist you don't think he deserves playing time for whatever reason be it you think he's a ball hog or think he plays awful defense you are a racist
Jim7419::No, you just don't know what you are talking about!
Ashotjan::Your opinion is based on what others have said. You clearly have not watched him play.
ensign.devyn::^Idiot
dwighthowardsamazing::No because he never plays but I said his fans were bad not him
NolaJag::Who writes these recaps? So many errors. I don't believe Davis had 11 rebounds in the 1st half, and i dont believe Smart is the head coach of the hornets.
dwighthowardsamazing::I know al-farouz aminu Vasquez scored19 points with no space and I didn't even read the whole thing
razzledazzletj81::With Evans and Thorton back and the team being sold, I don't think Jimmer will get much time again.
blazers_0531::r.i.p kings. hello seattle!
FlaccoTheElite::If anything the Blazers should be moving.....Definitely a city that doesn't deserve a team.
dwighthowardsamazing::Just curious why don't they deserve a team?
razzledazzletj81::It would be cool if Jimmer had just one game to jack up 20 shots.
stxspartacus::free jimmer
deymayor::Anthony Davis = Marcus Camby 2.0
LivingTheHighLife1985::Started betting with a system called SportsBettingStar now for a couple of months.  I found this on the first page of Google when looking for Sports Betting Systems.
ChargersFan4Life001::I'm gonna go, later all.
timetodienow1234567::Why did Thomas start over Fredette and Fredette did not get ANY minutes? It can't be defense. While Vasquez is not a scrub, he would not start on most of the teams in this league. His scoring was decent but he only had 3 assists. So, why did Thomas get the minutes? I'm starting to think that there is something to these allegation that Smart's a racist. I gave him the benefit of the doubt, but it seems to me like he doesn't like Fredette. Whether that's because he's Mormon, white, or whatever, it seems like Smart has made it personal.
rush717::I have not seen the Kings play, but for what I hear Jimmer has challenges on defense..however dude shoots "Lights Outs."  I believe that Jimmer should play opposite IT as a shooting guard, with IT point....Get cousins to get his head in the game and keep it there....I like Hayes as a rebounder, I just wish Keith Dumb would give him more minutes...
timetodienow1234567::I don't know either. They need to trade some of these guys. They could get Pau Gasol for a few of these guards. We know they need backup guards in LA. What do you think of getting Pau Gasol or Dwight(if they think Dwight won't re-sign).
dwighthowardsamazing::Or they could play evans at sf
ChargersFan4Life001::Not a fan of gasol and if they got dwight, idk if they would move dmc to PF or if they would trade him. They need to move brooks and maybe garcia, could use a solid SF in return.
ChargersFan4Life001::The question should be why does brooks get any minutes when he sucks
ChargersFan4Life001::He doesnt fit on the team idk why he was brought in. This team sadly isnt making the playoffs, they need to split the pg time with IT and Jimmer while also giving them time together.
timetodienow1234567::Brooks is not that bad when playing in a team system. I watched him in Houston, while he wasn't great, when coached properly he's a decent backup. They just aren't coached very well.
ChargersFan4Life001::GG Hornets fans, gl the rest of the season. Davis is a great shot blocker and anderson is a great shooter(too bad the kings defense kept him open over and over)
dwighthowardsamazing::You sound like a real kings fan and not someone who wants jimmer to play and thinks Keith smart is a racist do you exist? You must be lennay kakua
cougarcrew63::Don't worry King fans...you won't have to deal with this horrible team next year. The supersonics will kill it next year
TexAugMan::Good job one game at a time Hornets/Pelicans!
sparkysteelerskickbutt::I believe the only reason Keith Smart wants Jimmer Fredette to play before this news event is because the Maloofs told him to play until they sold the Kings to Whitesville Seattle owners- Not saying Jimmer doesn't deserve to play because he is a damn good player- Just saying Keith Smart is racist!
seahawkfann2088::GO SEATTLE SUPERSONICS!
jason18992::How about the Seattle Grunge?
LivingTheHighLife1985::Been betting with a system for sports bets called SportsBettingStar.  Ive made over 3K in profits per month since I found out about the system.
Omg its Darius::Good Game Hornets
yorke44::As a lifelong Kings fan Ive seen many bad coaches come thru here, but none even near as horrible as "coach" smart. Ball movement, screens on and off the ball, backdoor cuts, a PG w more than 2.5 apg, team chemistry, players that get along on and off the court...all things of the past. Remember the offense w adelman and coachie? When u have no chance of making the playoffs what do u do??? U play ur younger players 2 try 2 develop them, see what they can do. As long as smart is the coach the kings will be the worst team in the league...im SO disappointed right now the kings r a joke thanx maloofs and smart....screw u
stephenson1mattbyu::Smart isn't coaching for a job, the dude is getting fried at the end of the season. You think anyone other than the Maloofs would be stupid enough to make this guy the full time head coach? It has already been confirmed that Seattle will replace everyone in the Kings management and start over new and good for them because there is no hope for a good future for this team the way it is built now
Abraham Lincoln - duck hunter::It's not a lost season for Smart, though.  New ownership, he's coaching for his job, not for future development because if he can't start winning games he has no future.
yorke44::ya hows that workin out 4 him? getting smashed by the pelicans???
Italics87::I love how Smart continues to play selfish crybabies like Cousins, Tyreke, and half of the rest of the team... but if Jimmer does the slightest thing wrong he is in the doghouse. Smart is a $@%!$@%.
sboyle_24::So the problem is the team attitude? How good would this team be if there were a better attitude and maybe a better coach?
Abraham Lincoln - duck hunter::Probably 20 wins instead of 16, that's about the best you could hope for.  Half the team won't make it to Seattle.
REVRAND2::Jimmer has earned his playing time in sacramento. Too bad this JACKA*S of a coach is doing what he is! #FireSmartandFreeJimmer!!!
REVRAND2::Living under a rock because I'm pissed about jimmer not playing?!? Ha.. You're an idiot
Abraham Lincoln - duck hunter::LOL it's like you people live under a rock.  Kings are sold and are the Sonics.  Smart is already good as gone.  Have to see if Jimmer survives the move, I hope he does and they ditch Thornton instead.
ListenToMeTalk::He meant living under a rock as in nobody in ownership really cares anymore. We'll have to see what happens.
ensign.devyn::I don't see how this makes anyone look like they're living under a rock? They're still the Kings for now and still have Coach Smart. It's all still applicable until everything changes for sure.
sboyle_24::Guess I'll have to get to know this team now
LeBronHasNoFullSeasonRing::ADavis could be great, no doubt. But looks injury-prone. Soft? Time will tell
yesir504::Far from it....he will play next game...he stepped on the refs foot n landed funny...kept him out cause the lead was 20+ points....dudes a beast and will be fine
Abraham Lincoln - duck hunter::Keep:  Cousins, Thomas, Jimmer, Robinson Dump: everybody else
rush717::I believe that if Hayes got some decent playing time, and found his rebounding groove. I believe that he would definitely be a top tier rebounder.
Jim7419::No head case cousins wants Thomas as his point guard and  is jealous of all the pub Jimmer got. Cuz told smart to start Thomas and coach dumb listened.
Abraham Lincoln - duck hunter::Jimmer has no future as a PG, he's a SG anyway.
sboyle_24::Evans?
sboyle_24::I was just thinking depth at the very least
Abraham Lincoln - duck hunter::A starter with no J?  Trade him for best offer, whatever it is.
Abraham Lincoln - duck hunter::oops, keep Thompson too
REVRAND2::Wow jimmer got another DNP?!?!? What the hell coach smart?!
FlanHelsinki1::Old fashioned SDSU fan here- I watched Jimmer ruin my aztecs game in and game out his last season, even matching up defensively against our stars like Kawhi Leonard....he was pure finesse to watch. A beautiful shot. Once in a while I like to check up on him....and was disappointed to see what should be more preposterous than Benghazi, Manti Te'o etc...that being Keith Smart's awful coaching. This team has no chemistry. This team doesn't even appear to like each other. A pick-up game played on the streets of Compton has more chemistry than this team. Even more awful is the treatment of a keystone player, Fredette. Screw numbers, watch him play. Watch him MAKE PLAYS, he is not a ball hog. He has the humility to come in, take the team unto his shoulders, help them get back on the board, then relinquish his position to go back to his dungeon. I am sick. We are watching the management, Keith Smart mainly, perform an abortion on what should have been a brilliant career.
Jim7419::Flan you are so right. Ask Steve fisher how tough it was to contain Jimmer. Fish said he was the best player he coached against and that's saying a lot. Your right - Jimmer is no way a ball hog. Given the chance he could avg. 15-17 points and 9-10 assists if the ball was in his hands. But Jimmer plays for the selfish, ball hog kings and their racist coach.
Abraham Lincoln - duck hunter::Who cares?  Keith Smart and half the roster are gone next year.  Hansen won't tolerate the incompetence of this team.
AllInForLife1985::Been following this betting system called SportsBettingStar.  I doubled my initial balance my first month and made almost 3K during my second month using the system.
ricoeric11::I have been a kings fan since they came to sac in 85. I don't really follow college ball and I did not know who Jimmer was until the Kings drafted him. Having seen most every game this year it  has become apparent that Jimmer has been one of the most consistent players on the team and one their best scorers and not just from spot up 3s. Though not a stopper the defense has at least hit the point of decent. For some reason this kid seems to be coached on a different scale,  when he plays well, like he did 2 games in a row (very well) there does not seem to be any  reward of more playing time. if he has a bad game, like his 9 or so bad minutes in the game after the 2 good ones, he, well has not played since. Bottom line from someone watches all the kings and is a kings fan with or without Jimmer, it is absurd that this kid is not getting a good chunck of minutes regularly. Several Kings players are playing mediocre at best yet their playing time does not change. It makes no sence to not live and die a little bit from game to game with this kid. You already know with the current rotation you are going get you about 1 win in every 3 games which does not get you in the playoffs. All that being said, I do not think coach smart is racist, just making a mistake with this situation and probably deflated the confidence of a potentially potent scoring NBA player..
ensign.devyn::Spoken like a true Kings fan, that's full aware of the situation going on in Sacramento. Thank you
kendrickhollins_504_NOLA::$@%! I missed the game, oh well we won! Geaux hornets!
TDUSM4::My concern about Davis was being injury prone. He'll have to put on some size to be a force in the league.
