Preston Tripp::I really don't care if the jazz do good or not this season. Lets go for Jabari Parker!!!!
Ephraim Renais::Ty Corbin would bench him for Richard Jefferson, won't play rookies
Kirk Robey::Utah = smartest team in the league. Play for the ping pong ball, if your not great, be the worst this year. Suns goofed that up.
Eric Evans::Too bad they will need a lot more than 1 draft pick to fix that mess lol
Eric Evans::Suns have 4 picks in first round can probably trade 2 or 3 and throw in Dragic for a top pick I'm sure come that time ul see the Suns picking near the top some way or another
Kirk Robey::Eric Evans No chance, nobody is going to trade anything for Andrew Wiggans or Jabari Parker, or even Julius Randle. The first 2 are transcendent talents, in the NBA you never trade those players for anything.  Suns could nab some good young players, but wish they had a better chance at those 2 guys.
Colby Black::Go Jazz!
Sportsbettingstar.com::The Utah Jazz have the worst record in the NBA but will be riding a rare dose of momentum when they host the Phoenix Suns on Friday. Utah posted an overtime victory on Monday – its second win of the campaign – over a Chicago Bulls’ squad dealing with the hangover associated with Derrick Rose’s season-ending knee injury. The Jazz now try to notch consecutive wins for the first time this season when they face the Suns but unfortunately that will not happen tonight as the Suns are just so much better on both sides of the ball. Suns Win !
Jesse Hiatt::possibly... then again the Jazz nearly beat the Suns in Phoenix, and the Jazz always play better at home... that being said the Jazz have a very good shot at winning tonight.
Brandon Bove::You want to talk about momentum…the Suns just SMASHED the Blazers a couple of days ago. That's momentum... and it looks like it carried over to today's game.
Anthony Thompson::It's never a good idea to play to lose. That becomes the ethic of the team and you lose the players you acquire in the draft. The players buy into Hornacek's system, and that means that the pick that the suns get, whether 1 or 15 will enter a system that works. I'm excited for the future, and I hope that we find a way to keep Bledsoe and Dragic, not one or the other. It's funny that the same teams are always in the lottery, but they rarely improve.
Eric Evans::Thats very true and I'll take a Mitch Mcgary type at #15 or so anyways or an Adrian Payne from MSU
Eric Evans::Suns need a beast PF like Randle or McGary or a great scoring SF and they will be very tough nxt year I think the GM whiffed on Alex Len though his ankles may never hold up
Anthony Thompson::I really didn't understand the Len pick, since Gortat was a proven starter (and now  performing well in WASH). I like Plumlee for the style the Suns play, and I feel Len would alter the tempo even if he did pan out. Time will tell, I know there are 5 or six "automatic" picks this year, but there's always uncertainty when they make the jump. It's best to develop what you have and hope for the best in the draft. You want to build a team that players want to sign and resign with, not be a revolving door for draft picks.
Brandon Bove::Suns are a good team. Watch out when Bledsoe and Dragic get some more burn together. Suns are now 9-7 without being at full strength for the majority of the way and with 2 wins over the Blazers under their belt.
Anthony Thompson::It's a little frustrating that the Suns would  be the #3 seed in the East while we have to fight for a spot in the West...Can't we just pretend Phoenix is somewhere between Georgia and South Carolina?
Jay Smith::I thought everyone knew that Phoenix is a nice small town along the Oswego River in central New York.
Jonah Swidan::Pacers fan here, and I haven't been keeping up with the Suns, but how is Green and Plumlee doing for you guys?  I see Miles is putting up some numbers
Brandon Usher::Green has been really solid and shooting well from 3.
David Ritchey::I am leaning towards taking Denver(-8) vs NY and Phoenix(-2) vs. Utah for some Friday nite $$.   Any thoughts on those picks?
Eric Evans::Good to see Bledsoe and Burke back healthy hopefully battling as Point Guards in the West for years to come.
Eric Evans::suns are a different team w Bledsoe playing very tough to defend he and Goran.
Dave Green::If the Jazz could beat the Bulls they should be able to beat the Suns at home. We will see what happens. Hopefully Hayward climbs out of his shooting slump.
Barry N McCockiner::Without Rose the Bulls aren't as good as the Suns. Prepare for a beating.
Dave Green::Barry N McCockiner The Bulls showed they were pretty good without Rose last year... A beating? The Suns are only 8-7 and barely beat the struggling Jazz earlier this season.
Barry N McCockiner::They had different players last year. This is a different team. Yeah. A beating they just spanked the Blazers the Jazz won't be a problem.
Jason Peters::My Jayhawks could've use Kieff tonight....But glad to see a twin doing well.
Remington Brown::both teams will play ur a** off and probably comes down to last 5min of the game
David Tatro::Big win vs. Portland? Mark this down as a loss for the suns *sigh*. I hope i am wrong
David Wilson::Anyone iknow if Bledsoe is playing?
Andy Baugh::Jazz win. Surprise surprise!
David Wilson::not today or tomorrow!
Andy Baugh::What do you mean? It wont be a surprise?
Brandon Bove::Andy Baugh  suckerrrrrrs
Fred Franco Coccagna::Bledsoe playing?
Bryan Miller::says he did morning shootaround, but its gametime and they havnt annouced for sure yet in Fantasy at least
