sportsdude3535::HANSBROUGH BABY HE IS AWESOME
Rosstafarian5371::I've been saying there is a lot of stuff wrong with the Bobkittys for a while now and something must give before the season ends, weather its Jordan finally firing Silas or Jordan firing him self i would be okay with both at this point. The thing that bothers me is that MJ knows there "were" a few valuable free agents out there (K-mart, JR smith, Wilson Chandler and hell even A.I.) to name a few and the man refuses to open his pocketbook up and get us some help. Starting to think he doesn't care and is throwing away this year in hope for next year, oh well Im doubting this franchise will ever win with MJ in control of it.
This is a Troll::The Bobcats don't even deserve to be an NBA team anymore
Cappiethedog::Is it hyperbole when Stephen A. Smith says the Bobcats are the worst team he ever saw, or are they truly that bad?
smackette::Bob's dump all stars on this team and are rebuilding through the draft.  I remember when the Pacers did that and it seems it hasn't turned out that bad.  I like this Pacer team with all its blue collar College stars.  I really think they will do things in the future, that is if they stay together.
UNChamps82::SMH...
buckywaters1::Kwame Brown's younger brother and Adam Morrison's cousin will be at the top of the draft this year for Clt.
tris10blount::don't you dare speak it, air jordan is listening.
made4malice::FREE KEMBA   (too soon?)
jlalmond::Don't see how these guys won 4 games this year
bamberg1977::Can we pull up players from the Charlotte roster? They are D-league, right? Wow.
jlalmond::You can't put the D-league down like that lol
tris10blount::hey hey hey, truth hurts
OFrog::Still waiting for that Indiana Pacers World Championship Parade. I guess beating Bobcats is a start.
milw-jay::If this were a regular length season, Charlotte would challenge the record for fewest wins.   Of course, they could finish with the worst winning percentage in league history, though.
OFrog::And I thought the Pacers were good or something...
CallawaY_x_GolfeR::ew
OFrog::Pacers actually beat the Bobkittens and the Nets, let's celebrate!!!!!
Coltsmerk::im glad you agree
OFrog::I'm very agreeable.
Coltsmerk::so who fault is that?
OFrog::Detroit was great, and I'm hoping for Suns to beat roadkill Lakers. Will be a profitable day for idiot ofrog.
Coltsmerk::so im guessing indiana lost you money and your mad about it?
OFrog::Well they were kind enough to lose 8 straight against the spread.
OFrog::whatever teams make me money today. Hoping Suns and Detroit did very well.
Coltsmerk::whats your teams?
Reds30417::Colts do stink. 10 win seasons consecutively (can't remember how many) are so easy to come by
OFrog::but you comments clearly make you an idiot and im glad you understand...more   you comments? that's ironic, almost something an idiot would post.
OFrog::Sorry, looked up come off on slang, still no results.
Reds30417::hahahahaha
OFrog::Come off, is there a translator available?
Reds30417::None of his comments come off as idiotic. You sir are the idiot
Coltsmerk::but you comments clearly make you an idiot and im glad you understand
Coltsmerk::then why are you on the boards?
OFrog::To have fun with people that call me an idiot. Thank you.
OFrog::Like Colts and Pacers? How useless are they?
Coltsmerk::that's a no brainer.  your useless
Coltsmerk::beat the bulls at chi, mavs in dallas, lakers, boston...what else do you have to say idiot?
OFrog::Colts stink also?
cb12490::Ahhh...THERE'S my Bobcats!
burdie57::I'm an outsider and honestly don't the answer to this: What is bigger, high school, college or pro hoops in Indiana?
Reds30417::Coming from my community, high school basketball is huge. I know it is throughout the state. But the rivalry between PU and IU, the emergence of Butler, and ND bball top it all.
Reds30417::I'd say in this order: College, HS, Pros
burdie57::pacers could have had Mel Daniels and Don Buse in the 4th quarter and still won by 30.
tarheelsunc48::LMAO at DJ Augustin's +/-. They would have been better off starting some random high school point guard from the Charlotte area.
tris10blount::granted charlotte does have a few great guard prospects coming out of high school right now
raaaj989::OFROG you are suck a jacka!s youve been talkin crap all night about the pacers,GET OVER IT ,they WHIPPED YOUR TEAMS $@%!
OFrog::Really, the Bobkittens are my team? They are the worst in the NBA. The Pacers have been really lousy lately, which is great for me. 0-8 L8 ATS. I love the lovable losers.
2g3r::I am happy for the pacers as i live in indiana. a blown 21-2 run by the pacers at least they rallied back
cubsboy3316::enough about the Bobcats..they're a young team just getting started. "Move the Bobcats to Seattle". Yeah right no one wants a team in Seattle. just wait, Bobcats will be top 10 in 5 years.
sport15892::They'll be solid in 5 years if MJ figures out how to draft.
buckywaters1::and by that you mean let someone else draft for him.
Robdee999::We have 6 people in double digit figures in shooting but the only thing ESPN is going to talk about is Lin, James, and Lin. ESPN is more like a trend. They just talk about whatever is popular at the time and ignore the rest.
iluvash52505::with anywhere between 6 and 9 Turnovers a game, He's actually costing his team 12-18+ Points per game..
AuburnandUconnFan::So other teams shoot 100% against them...Good call. I don't think averaging 26 points and 9.5 assists a game is hurting his team.
OFrog::What an accomplishment, beating the worst team in the NBA by a lot. Get real. NY and Lin are the story, not the lame $@% underperforming Pacers.
Robdee999::Better then Darren ? No. One your just living the media hype, two the Knicks suck and when there main 2 shooters are out its open for anybody to take control. Basically as soon as Lin made 2 shots he had the green light to shoot all day because they didn't have a scorer on the team. So he had the ball more turned the ball over more and shot the ball more then anybody else in the NBA for that 7 or 8 game stretch. The only thing good that came out with that is he scored some points. But who wouldn't when they are putting the ball up 24-27 times a game.
Robdee999::Underperforming Pacers ? Last time I checked we have more wins then NY and we are ranked higher in the east and NY just got over .500.
cubsboy3316::he's better than any point guards on the pacers...
willhup12::F**k u Bi*ch no one cares what a looser like u cares F**k off man the truth is lin sucks he isn't that great
cahoffman91::underperforming? really you sir are an idiot
Dirk is my Supreme Chancellor::Selling a product means more than being objective
AllaboutthePHO::This is nasty
irishindy123::Pacers need to give Hibbert the ball more
Lerobin_::bobcats win!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! . . the 4th quarter
brad0392::How are the Bobcats still in the league?
tris10blount::flashback 6 years ago, and who would have imagined anybody being worse than isiah thomas as  owner
Super_Lin-tendo::the only reason why theyre an NBA team is because Jordan owns them
brad0392::Yea i loved Jordan as a player but he has to be the absolute worst front office guy ever, the only one who comes close to being as bad is Isiah Thomas.
paul11370::wow they finally score another
PurpleDrank_631::I guess it is better than going 0-16 right? Still paper bag over your heads.
Super_Lin-tendo::LOL @ Bobcat fans crying about people showing no sportsmanship if the bobcats and pacers switched scores theres no doubt bobcat fans would be talking trash, and whats worse is this in the internet where people dont have to show sportsmanship. Get over it, when the Bobcats start winning you as a fan and the team will get more respect, as of now your team got blown out.
brad0392::Well if he cuts the turnover numbers down a bit, he is easily the best player in the league. No one can compete with the Knicks now with J.R Smith helping Lin and Amare. We'll see how it goes, if Melo comes back he could either kill them or they'll be unbeatable.
docboss85::And Lin has been mostly beating bad teams..Sacramento, Washington, Toronto.
Super_Lin-tendo::isnt he supposed to have the ball in his hands as a PG? and even then how many points did Jameer Nelson as a PG score today against the Heat? not alot. So its not just because Lin has the ball in his hands or because hes a PG,and I could live with turnovers if the knicks get the win
docboss85::7 turnovers a game. Only scores because he is constantly in the game and handles the ball. Keep trying. Hyped up loser.
boctorboda3::Los Angeles, Dallas.   Excelled against both - 38 points against LA and 28 points/14 assists against Dallas.   Keep trying.
docboss85::Jeremy Lin may set the NBA record for turnovers this season, despite starting only 40 games.
Super_Lin-tendo::horrible analogy we're talking about a REAL LEADER on the team, youre not even using the analogy correctly you would use the Trent Dilfer argument when comparing players when one of them has a ring
docboss85::The human turnover.
boctorboda3::Yet Jeremy Lin is the main reason for the Knicks' success and has more points through his first 9 games than most of the greats in NBA history.  Keep trying.
docboss85::Trent Dilfer won a superbowl.
Super_Lin-tendo::yet hes still leading the knicks to wins which is why hes respected and the bobcats are not.
akphidelt2007::8-1
KenM321::well, if you're a Xavier fan this was a good game -- alums David West shot 7 for 10, and Derrick Brown was lead scorer for Bobcats with 16 pts. . .
akphidelt2007::Good finish Bobcats!! You'll get em next time!
rob111111113::It's over get out of Indiana pus sy cats
caniac999::I think everyone needs to calm down...
123212go::fuc.k you asshol.e
indy500fans::Bobcats outscoring the Pacers this quarter.  People crying because of running up the score need to shut up!
Super_Lin-tendo::DJ and Kemba will leave the Bobcats the first chance they get
rob111111113::See ya pus sy cats now get out of here
123212go::you're such a nice person. excellent showing of sportsmanship.
MORON_101::jeff foster &gt; bobcats
supreme91::I wouldnt be surprised if MJ resigned from his job tonite
indy500fans::Come on Stephenson, score 3 more, so we have 7 guys in double digit scoring!
cmonson3::classless
indy500fans::No, it is getting the bench some points.
lioneyes68::108-102 now! they are coming back
supreme91::lol
lioneyes68::whoops i mean 108-72.
J-SMOOVE2023::bobcats are an excellent team at losing big
Lerobin_::pittsburgh?
indy500fans::Charlotte is about to outscore the Pacers in the 4th!  They MAY win a quarter this season!
lakers43492::Time to move to DEN and OKC! I just don't see the bobcats winning!
KenM321::Best part of being a Bobcats fan -- no one hates on you, they feel too sorry for you.
lioneyes68::MOVE THE BOBCATS TO SEATTLE
caniac999::MOVE EVERY TEAM TO SEATTLE
caniac999::why not, or Seattle can have 30 NBA teams!  makes as much sense as moving the already woeful bobcats there simply because they suck...
supreme91::like combine them?
supreme91::Noooo
ClubAlpha181::this deserves contraction ASAP
caniac999::why of course... so do the other 20 or so teams losing money hey...let's contract 28 teams; all anyone seems to talk about is Lakers and Heat...
supreme91::Bobcats should be a D-League team after this game
jds_drummer::I'm pretty sure the worst D-League team could beat the Bobcats.
lioneyes68::this is pathetic bobcats.
husker_wildcat::Calling the Bobcats pathetic is a huge understatement.
Esar7::MJ probably doesn't even let the Bobcats players to shake his hand
Super_Lin-tendo::As a fan of neither team I want to see the Pacers break the record for largest lead
334knicks::that 68 ind cant get it no more
