Jeff Brown::What's up with NY these days? Yankees, Mets, Knicks, Nets, Giants, Jets, Islanders, Rangers all suck. How sad. Mwaaaaaaaaaahahahahahahahahahahah!!!!!
Zoey Patterson::Krypton sucks
Amir Shirazi::Jeff for a old man , you talk like a 17 year old lmao
Alex Vargas::well, more than half those teams have sucked for years in general. yankees, giants just joined the party this year...
Stefon Catalina::Im so enjoying this.
Bill Dwyer::knicks NEVER should've traded for melo, giving up half of their promising young team + picks???!!! He's gone too, no doubt about it, he's a huge quitter. He single-handedly destroyed the knicks and set them back 5 years at least. What a LOSER he is. And so is smith and kmart. LOSERS!!!!! and to add insult to injury, the knicks LOST Jeremy Lin because melo didnt want them not to match for him as well (you know he pushed for it -don't deny). What a LOSER!!!!!!!!!! melo will always be a LOSER!!!!!!
Jay Mazieka::Jeremy Lin isn't worth the money he wanted, and now he's not even the sarting PG in Houston.  Having said thst, Melo is still a LOSER!!!
David Andaya Palafox::Melo set the Knicks back for at least 5 years? What are you talking about? Knicks haven't won a title since Phil Jackson played. The Knicks need Dolan to hire better people to run te Knicks. That way, he won't screw the Knicks over and over again with dumb moves.
Matt Micros::Actually Jay, based in current NBA salaries, Lin not only would have been worth it, but he's better than any current guard the Knicks have. He comes off the bench in Houston so they can run everything through him. He was wasted as a starter with Harden chucking up 25 shots a game. When Harden was out, Lin went for 34 and 31 points and is averaging about 16 and 6 for the season. Felton and Prigioni combined aren't averaging that. LOL. We can agree that giving up so much for Melo was a huge mistake. But so was letting Lin go.
Logan Scisco::This is an NBA game, right?  Because the score makes it seem like one of those UConn women's bb scores.
Erickson Balagot::MELO should be traded!!!
Ken Ferriello::Melo is the laziest scorer I ever seen. He doesn't even try to move without the ball. He just stands there, says gimme the ball, then does the iso Melo. He has gotta try moving without the ball.
Anthony J Petroff::Ken Ferriello   Melo's game:  Through the Wormhole--History of the Black Hole (not even light escapes).
Mickey Hung::trade to Greek or Turkey???
Luc Whissell::After their minor winning streak, Knicks fans were hooting and holloring on how they were back and were gonna steamroll the Celtics today and eventually be at the top of the division by the end of next week...guess not LMAO!!!!
Chelo Mejias::Some idiot claiming to be a celtics fan just said the celtics have nothing to be proud of...the knicks beat themselves.... The Government should take this kid's computer away lol
Gennie Dovic::The Celtics may have many things to be proud of but beating this Knicks team is NOT high on that list for sure.
Tom Burzynski::The knicks were outplayed. i have been saying how the celtics need to tank for the past few weeks but now i believe you chelo. they can go far if Rondo comes back strong
Chelo Mejias::Tom Burzynski   As KG would say "ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE!"
Stefan Latchman::don't know why anyone would think rondo would join melo in NY when melo  cant beat Boston without rondo
Shanny Salcedo::y would rondo join a losing culture in New York
Stefan Latchman::Shanny Salcedo  he wouldn't  unless he was greedy like cano and rondo is nothing like cano
Jacob DeSantis::Melo's not gonna be in NY after this year, He's gonna be joining Kobe in LA.
George Jimas::is it really that hard to set up a box score?
Edward McLaughlin::extremely
Jason 'Bird' Kerns::LETS GO C'S!!!!!!  Murdering these dudes right now!!   .........now, no letdowns......i know how yall take ya foot off the gas sometimes!!!
Trent Tullos::Raymond Felton is clearly better than Jeremy Lin........
Tom Burzynski::This Celtics team looks better than last year by a long-shot lately
Liam Sibson::No, they still look worse. They're rebounding far better but Rondo coming back should help their atrocious APG.
Bill Hammond::LOL  Right!!!   Good answer! You a Knicks fan?  A rebuilding Team blowing out a 180 million dollar club by 40 at it's new remodeled MSG home and you 'tanked' your answer like the Knicks have tanked all year!  Red Holzman must be spinning in his grave over these awful Knick teams.   Look still look worse  lol   you work for the Knicks?
Justin Quinn::Bill Hammond wut?
Chelo Mejias::Knicks shot their load tonight, But my C's are coming to town....and coming for a Win
Agostinho Felisberto::Please somebody call  United Nations Security Council there is massacre going on in NY.
Shanny Salcedo::WHEN RONDO COMES BACK, WE WILL RUN AWAY WITH THE DIVISION
Allen All Done Chen::How come i can't see the Boxscore?
Ryan Hess::I don't know same thing is happening to me
John M Wright::No team will win with Melo as the number one option..period. Who would take him? Hmmm Maybe the Raptors for Gay. Good to see Bargs back to his consistent.  self..
Brandon Tigues::lol..two of the knicks starters combined to score 7 points, and the other two don't even have points
Mark Lucido::that score is right..Im watching it...27-7 Bos
Victor Martinelli::For Box Score  http://www.sportingnews.com/nba/box-score/2013120818/boston-celtics--new-york-knicks
Craig Meads::Thanks.
Ryan Hess::Is it that hard to have a box score?
Jose Mercedes::looks like espn is lazy to keep up with the game.
Chris Curtis::Why have a box score when only one team (Boston) can fill it out...
Matt Elmore::Bargnani, JR Smith, Felton and Shumpert combined to go 2-24 for 5 points…let that sink in for a second. Your 4 major contributors outside of Carmelo give you 5 points today…it's time for a major overhaul, and I would give Woodson mercy and fire him now so that he doesn't have to suffer through this mess anymore.
Jack Zhao::Marshon Brooks played 6 minutes for the celtics and had 8 points
Tung Nguyen::Is that a pass for 5-15 Melo?
Terence Cooper::That is ridiculous
Robert Thomas Flynn::I think its so nice the knicks took melo off the nuggets hands to make them a better team and is now helping them rebuild further with a lottery pick. James Dolan won owner of the year in Denver thats for sure.
Mark Sugimoto::The Knicks let a pathetic team like Boston with a bunch on nobodies and rookies come into their house and let them humiliate them like that shows what little heart they have. Melo's selfishness and lack of defense is an embarrassment to the great city of New York.
Wally Rouzer::celtics rondoless too
Seth Stouber::I believe the Melo trade may become the worst trade in NBA history. Thank you for your 1st round draft pick this next year. The Nuggets appreciate it
