_Mega_Man_::Lol
_Mega_Man_::Lol
_Mega_Man_::Haters
_Mega_Man_::Haters
bdb198526::lol these heat slurpers are so pathetic marc stein wrote his power rankings for this week he has 1) heat 2) thunder 3)knicks... even if the knicks just beat the thunder in their house &amp; lost to them by 1 in NY w/o Melo then, under the comments he posts on the heat, he writes "the heat are happily watching New York and Indy strain to convince us they're worthy of Biggest Threat To Miami status while various West contenders are awash in injury misery"  first off, NY isnt straining and hasnt strained to do anything all year and b) i doubt the knicks and/or pacers go to bed at night sayinig "ou ou ou we gotta win tomorrow's game to prove any thing to the damn heat or their bandwagoners"  the heat slurpers (stupid a smith, rose, stein, broussard) along with the rest of the miami heat bandwagon fans (I do use the word fans loosely in this case) should all just line up the heat players, get on their knees and start teabagging  only objective nba analyst espn has is tim legler, and hes also the best one they have. only one id ever listen to
choate_sedition::Whats the difference between the Knicks and the Lebron James Clevaland teams?
Mambaholic 33::Lebron
Cowssa::Knicks lead the league in fewest turnovers. Felton, Kidd, J.R Smith, Carmelo, Novak, and Prigione are all allergic to it. They make more 3 pointers than they have turnovers, they're first in the league in 3 point field goals made and differentials.  and they're second in the league only to the Bulls with limiting opponents assists, and ball movement. They're legit.
Gmenftw::Number of teams over .500 the knicks have beaten during their win streak - 7 Number of teams over .500 the heat beat during their win streak - 6
bdb198526::^# of wins the knicks have vs the heat- 3 # of wins the heat have over the knicks- 1
Mambaholic 33::Number of losses for the season... Knicks - 26 Number of losses for the season... Miami - 16
Walna222::No chance snickerbockers beat the heat in the playoffs, theres just no way
bdb198526::snickerbockers. thats so cute how lebron make that one up for u?
Gmenftw::yea you keep praying. heat are overrated.
Balkibartocomus::Remember this: "It's too early in the season to say the Knicks are a contender" or "let's see if they could keep this going" or "this hot start is a fluke the Knicks will go back to being bottomfeeders soon" or any of the other Knick hater cliches? Now the Knicks are 50 game winners and one win away from winning the Atlantic Division. Eat that haters!
Walna222::Lebron James
Gmenftw::take his nuts out your mouth
fuggetaboutit909::nice to see a 50 win Knicks team again.....
mnormjr::Once the Knicks lock up the second seed in the East, Woodson needs to start getting his guys some rest. I know Melo wants that  scoring title but if they face Boston it's going to be a tough series. I don't want to hear any excuses.
bdb198526::u basically just repeated what i said limiting minutes means 25-30 minutes which is what i said. i did say when the knicks get a lead, they should play copeland, the guy who was in the slam dunk contest etc  plus melo is in the running for a scoring title which coach in their right mind is going to blatantly deny their players a chance at reaching a milestone? everyone killed caldwell when he did it with the colts
mnormjr::No just limit minutes as you suggested. Plus this is a great time to get your roll players confidence up. You can hate on the Heat but giving their bench some minutes while resting and rotating in the starters is smart. Plus if the Knicks face Boston it's going to be a tough first series.
bdb198526::to maintain continuity and to not get rusty dudehow many times did the colts with manning or the falcons or the spurs clinch a division and a playoff seed, rest players and they come out flat in the playoffs? its called keeping players going and not getting laxadaizical  are u really saying rest players hence them not playing any competitive bball for weeks? while their only form of bball is 4 on 4 practice? great idea there
mnormjr::They are in a zone but if they lock up the second seed then what are they playing for? You hope it carries over but rest is more important. Even when the Heat was on that streak people were saying it might be a bad thing since they exert too much energy. All I know is if Melo or someone else gets hurt or if they get bounced out - Woodson may be gone. Best to be fresh for the playoffs.
bdb198526::woodson dont need to give guys any rest resting players dont work. just look at football over the years with the falcons &amp; look at bball with the spurs start them, but limit their minutes. instead of melo,felton especially and smith etc playing 45 mins, play them 25-30 mins when we have leads, buy time for melo with smith until the other team comes back, then bring melo in and sit smith while letting guys like copeland &amp; shumpert play the bulk of the minutes which will serve nyk well in the playoffs. get those guys confidence up. melo/smith etc can get their points at any time  all resting players does is get players off their game, get en rusty and increases your chances for losing in rd 1 of the playoffs woodson needs to start the players every game, but manage their minutes so they maintain continuity &amp; they dont get laxadazical we dont need to follow the heats nonsense
NO-TIME-FOR-JOKES-::Fact
Balkibartocomus::I wonder if that's such a good idea with the momentum the Knicks got going right now? These guys are playing in a zone right now
alequito305::Knicks will be punching more fire extinguishers come playoffs
Mambaholic 33::How's that one playoff win - in how many yrs?
bdb198526::^so says the heat fan hows those 3 defeats by the knickerbockers go for u there?
bdb198526::lame joke try again. it might be funny
alequito305::Wasn't trying to be funny, I was being realistic
truetotheend2.0::Full healthy roster and still can't take the lead in the West.  Harden would have them over the top but oh well...
bdb198526::everytime i use to go to the gym, i hade a ton of bandwagon heat fans talking crap about the knicks lol what are heat fans doing in LA i use to know maybe 1 in LA today, there are hundreds  lol u look up bandwagon on wikipedia, u see a heat jersey next to it  strange but today i went and they was all on hush mode lol@ the bandwagoners once again
Balkibartocomus::so far for the season, Durants been at the line 722 times compared to Melo's 479. Granted Durant has about a dozen games on Melo but this is still too much
bdb198526::also seskatchewan durant drives? u are aware that  most of durants FGA's yesterday was jump shots right? he takes a jumpshot, gets breathed on, throws his hands up in da air like a lil panzy to bait the referees &amp; they fall for it everytime, thus him going to the line way more times than melo?  its that shaquille o neal syndrome refs think bcuz melo is big and can take a hit 1000% better than durant, they can allow him to get mugged while u breathe on kd, he gets fouled same as shaq back in the day
bdb198526::^lol 95% jump shots melo has a guy leaning on huim everytime he posts up melo posts up every other knicks offensive play do u even watch the knicks play bball?  yesterday, how many times did melo go to the hole, get fouled by Ibaka trying to block his shot, hang in the air, double pump, re-adjust the shot, throw it off the glass, get his own rebd and tip it in? lol 95% jump shots  seriously, go to bed
Balkibartocomus::THANK YOU
Seskatchewan::Melo shoots 95% jump shots Balkibart. Durant drives
Balkibartocomus::not true. Melo has an insane low post game. Have you watched any games?
bdb198526::especially when melo plays a physical style of ball on offense that durant couldnt dream of playing
Balkibartocomus::For Gods sake, the man's not even playing his natural position. His game is MOSTLY physical against these big dudes
johneon::Sorry Melo no D= no MVP.
bdb198526::sorry johneon no job nor no sex= stay at home in your moms basement &amp; be a 40 yr old virgin for u
Bullz Nation Unite::bulls fan here...  where are all the haters especially heat fans saying NY is the oldest team in the league and will lose every game???????????
Bullz Nation Unite::they ga.y dawg...
FeFyeFoeRun::They also the Number 1 Seed in the ENTIRE Conference! <b>LMAO you Bulls LOSER!</b>
knicks_11::lose ,?  they said we wud suffer for losing Jere-ME lin  and be an 8th seed
FeFyeFoeRun::No, not an 8 seed. Just a First rd elimination as usual!
NYKNICKS 11::I like hairy c0ck! Me for president! Melo&gt;Lebron  Melo&gt;kobe Melo&gt;durant  Melo&gt;ANYONE
Tonka3Peat6::Words of an idiot.
Balkibartocomus::If the refs were to put Melo at the line even half as much as they do Durant and Lebron, the man would average 40 points.
Balkibartocomus::Melo can shoot and drive into the paint. The dude is 100% fearless. He just doesn't get calls when he drives so he adjusts.
Walna222::are u done
UMiami1994::and if LBJ took as many shots as melo he would average 50!!
bdb198526::UMiami1994= short tool
omarmun::and melo shoots jumpers lebron just drives
knicks_11::carmelo only averages 3 shots more than Lebron...
Jorgejr..::the Knicks lucked up
Dengue-Fever::It's going to be interesting how long Melo can keep this up without resting him..he WILL go into a funk in the playoffs..don't kid yourself NY fans..we'll see when they start pushing his SOFT butt around like my Heat did last year..that's why he justs shoots &amp; doesn't drive in..VERY SCARED OF CONTACT=...SOFT..PLUSHY
bdb198526::lol @melo soft get a grip sunny. ur a joke watch some bball then come talk to the grown ups
NYKNICKS 11::Defently call the guy soft when he goes out and gets 9 ofensive rebounds- (he's a scorer, not a big man) call me up when KD does that
cov369::come on man im waiting for another good comeback from you, dont hold out
cov369::dam this dude loves some heat d!ck. maybe a nice teabag from lebron would do you some good so youd stop acting like a complete $@%!$@ behind a screen
cov369::Dengue-Fever - you should now righ?..let me know before I try...lol..you moronic idiotic moron..  oh how witty you are . is that what lebron or should i say from your standpoint "your king" calls you?
Dengue-Fever::you should now righ?..let me know before I try...lol..you moronic idiotic moron..
cov369::Dengue-Fever - AWWW...you mad little boy?..of the truth..lol...SUCK IT!!  nope lol, its just hilarious to see how much you love that BBC. must love the dp from wade and lebron both right? cleat chaser you are
Dengue-Fever::AWWW...you mad little boy?..of the truth..lol...SUCK IT!!
My87thAcct::"Soft butt" which is hilarious because everyone calls him one of the STRONGEST players in the game.  "No one player can defend him" - you hear it every game from various announcers.
Is That All You Know::fouling a guy isn't defense an by the way they still double melo. if the refs put him  on the line he would avg 40.
Dengue-Fever::Buahahaha.."No one player can defend him"..buahahaha..James did it to him you idiot..or you forgot last year's playoffs???..lol
cov369::you should be telling this to your boy wade
cov369::good come back, lol. you also so happy that your hurricanes choked in the tourney? what a bust they were to come up short, just a sad sad excuse
Dengue-Fever::Didn't I tell you to go play..hard headed boy!
cov369::Dengue-Fever - Wade soft???..boy go play with your toys &amp; stay out of grown folks conversations..I taught better..now go play  lol are you serious bro? he was one of the biggest reasons why flopping is a foul now. try liking your own comment some more.
Dengue-Fever::Well isn't that the whole point genius??
knicks_11::wade is lucky LBJ carried him to the first rds.  where he got his health back
Dengue-Fever::Wade soft???..boy go play with your toys &amp; stay out of grown folks conversations..I taught better..now go play
detroitpistonsarethebest::Celtics will knock off the Knicks if they are healthy. They turn it up in the playoffs.
bdb198526::lol@ the person who said celtics would beat the knicks
My87thAcct::Knicks would knock off the Heat if they are healthy
Tonka3Peat6::I love these kinds of comments.
iAMKHALIL::I love the Celtics.. I do, but I'm a Knick fan and I don't see it. I don't want to play the Celtics either.  LOL.
My87thAcct::Looking at standings....ATL or BOS would be our ideal matchup.  Don't want MIL (they are SCRAPPY as sh!t) and def, def, def don't want Bulls opening round
SPORTS-AFTER-LIFE-PLAYERS-TURN-BROKE::Lmao
Ya Se Armo 2013::knicks are a very talented team and are definitely a contender... but they better not look past the celtics in the first round... that's going to be a dog fight til the end
Balkibartocomus::Celtics WERE a scary team in the playoffs. Remember this isn't the same Celtics. Allen's gone and Rondo's out,. They're still good but not scary good.
SPORTS-AFTER-LIFE-PLAYERS-TURN-BROKE::Boston hahahahahaha please
HornsPhinsHeat631::Lol the Mavs never won anything if you want to talk about .5 They were lucky they played LeBron at a point in his career where he had more pressure on him than anyone in the world outside of a President.
SPORTS-AFTER-LIFE-PLAYERS-TURN-BROKE::Joke off the day ( not a mavs fan
Cowssa::Carmelo is so much better than Durant smh. Durant is a pure shooter Carmelo is just a pure scorer who can shoot from the 3 point line, mid range, has a post game etc
bdb198526::^lol another joke
omarmun::Durant is better..the awards speak for itself
Balkibartocomus::Durant is a hell of a player.  But the refs do help him. The same with Lebron. The refs have NO respect for Melo so defenders press up on him tenfold and yet the man STILL does his thing. So yes Melo's the best scorer.
knicks_11::who doesnt rely on Fts
Finkle my Einhorn::.. not one, not two, not three, not four, not five, not six, but .5 to start off with
Dengue-Fever::BTW how's Dallas sucking it up this year..lol
Dengue-Fever::WTF do you care rosebud...BTW how's Dallas sucking it up this year..lol
Finkle my Einhorn::were you a heat fan before or after the streak?
Finkle my Einhorn::would you say you are more angry right now or when we won the championship on your home court?
Finkle my Einhorn::we dont buy .5 rings son
Dengue-Fever::Still hanging on that one &amp; only forever ring huh??..lol
HornsPhinsHeat631::They each got 1 full ring, we got 1 full banner, 1 full parade, won 4 games to win (not 2). And we'll have a 2nd 'Ship this year. So suck it
tigel18::we?
lightning_x12::What if the Heat lose?
HornsPhinsHeat631::D.Howard never won a ring. They put him on a team with one of the greatest players on all time and they're barely holding onto the 8th seed. LeBron, Wade, and Bosh have had to work be Champions. You don't just throw them on a team together and win.
knicks_11::mmm.. yea i guess
knicks_11::but lebron wade and bosh said they will succeed right away  which they didnt
Is That All You Know::Nash 39, kobe 33, yeah they are past their primes.
HornsPhinsHeat631::They got to the Finals! With a brand new team, Kobe, Nash, and Dwight probably won't get past the 1st round. Reality hurts.
HornsPhinsHeat631::Just curious. How many rings do Kevin Durant, Carmelo Anthony, Chris Paul, and Derrick Rose have combined?
bronxbomber62::Wow.  So how many rings does Michael Jordan have?  Or when was the last time you got laid?  Why is the sky blue?  All of this is irrelevant since this is a new season.  People who make that argument look really silly.
iAMKHALIL::It's a good thing the NBA didn't stop after last year.  So we can ensure that someone else will AT LEAST have the opportunity to win a championship.  Sometimes we are soooo quick to give people things they haven't earned.  ESPN was certain the Heat wouldn't lose again for the rest of the season... or was that you too?
sports_IQ::Or that they wouldn't lose to DAL the year before...
Balkibartocomus::none. However, if you put them all on one team they might get one. Ask Miami
sports_IQ::BOOM   LOL
Ricky Rosayy::Touche, but you couldn't have used that argument before the big 3 anyways...
Dengue-Fever::A BIG NADA!
Finkle my Einhorn::.5 less than lebron
WatergateSwag III::Someone flagged him, for what? Speaking out the straight up truth!
Dengue-Fever::Read previous comment rosebud..
Finkle my Einhorn::no actually you won a ring on a half season, thus getting you a half ring. Miami public schools are really slipping these days...  .. last time you were in the finals for a whole season what happened?  .. hows my dirk taste, thats what happened son
Dengue-Fever::No such thing rosebud...
Balkibartocomus::why isn't JR starting? This man is CLEARLY the best guard on the Knicks. Don't give me that "he's our spark off the bench" crap he BELONGS in the starting lineup. If Woodson was in Miami he'd have Wade coming off the bench too
Balkibartocomus::The same reason you leave them out on the floor in the 4th is the same reason you should start them. And that's the fact that you don't know who's gonna score with them both out there. It's much harder for the defense. This is something Woodson sees throughout the course of the game which is why he finishes with the two of them
Is That All You Know::Foul trouble, Spark off bench and match up is why they don't start jr over who. Not shump or felton or kid. You need all 3.
iAMKHALIL::In the 4th I can see them being on the floor at the same time... But, in the first, Let Melo get going, take a breather, then its J.R.'s time. By the time you need them both, they both have had chances to take the shots they need to take in order to get going.  It's working out nice right now... I'm liking what Woodson is doing...
bdb198526::why start jr when u can bring him off the bench to spark the 2nd team so when melo goes out, he'll be on the court together. why have jr and melo out at the same time? u want steve novak to be our 2nd team anchor?  another idiotic troll who knows nothing about bball theres a reason woody coaches the team and not u
Balkibartocomus::Most of the minutes JR's out there Melo's out there too try actually watching a game someday. Your number one and number two should be on the floor together see Lebron/Wade, Durant/Westbrook who made the finals last year.
sports_IQ::50 wins....I leave Woody alone to make his decisions that seem to be working out
iAMKHALIL::Although he can start.. I like him coming off the bench.  Chemistry is important.  For instance, if Amare was healthy, I'd like him coming off the bench as well...
Balkibartocomus::Woodson should put his best team on the floor to start. JR doesn't disrupt the chemistry if anything with him and Melo on the floor they make the offense unpredictable
Balkibartocomus::He plays the bulk of the minutes anyway. He's in about 3 minutes into the game so it's pointless
Balkibartocomus::How could we know that if Woodson never at least ONCE started him?
Ricky Rosayy::His scoring is twice as effective off the bench for them
Scooter-BA-69::Ok Hear me out maaan..... I DONT CARE WHAT ANYBODY SAYS Manti Teo is the best overall player and MARK MY WORDS, he will be the best player in NFL history. He looks better than ray lewis in the prime of his career . AND IF YOU GUYS DONT BELEIVE ME YOU R STOOPID
coltranesteelkirt::Melo has proved to be a superior player to LeBron going all the way back to their college days.
iAMKHALIL::But, I know what you mean....
WatergateSwag III::Melo went to Syracuse while Lebron was a high schooler.
Dengue-Fever::Ok..let me smoke some of that $@%! you smoking
iAMKHALIL::High school...  True.
Ricky Rosayy::You mean highschool?
tony ohno.::Collison thought he was hard lol then melo smashed him in the face
Cowssa::The Knicks are for real. They are number 1 in fewest turnovers in the league, mainly because they play "playoff" type of basketball and slow the pace down, they are only second next to Chicago in allowing opponents assists, that means Carmelo and J.R smith rubs off the wrong way to opposing teams by making them one on one basketball team, and they are 8th in the league in allowing points also they are number one in 3 point field goals made. They look like the mavs in 2011 only replacing Dirk with Carmelo, and Jason Terry with J.R Smith
iAMKHALIL::We may actually see that. Especially if the Heat play small ball.
iAMKHALIL::They are one of the most complete teams in the league.  Felton is a steady point guard (gets to the paint &amp; knocks down open shots).  Carmelo is playing out of his mind. Chandler is the anchor and the intimidating presence in the paint. J.R. comes of the bench like "The Microwave".  Lastly, Mike Woodson preaches defense and it shows.  The addition of J. Kidd is also plus.  Looking forward to see what we do against the Bulls. They have a good team and play with a lot of passion.
Cowssa::I certainly think their defense can be better if Kenyon and Chandler were both manning the paint
tony ohno.::Ppl love to rave about durants efficiency but leave out his ridiculous amount of turnovers is turnovers not a part of efficiency? 4asts a game means nothing if you average 4 turnovers as well
iAMKHALIL::I began getting a little nervous. Dude was taking two steps from the perimeter and finger rolling in the lane with no problem..  37 for the game.  Insane.
iAMKHALIL::Man, they love Durant.  Remember how they used to slam Westbrook and praise Durant?  What ever happened to that?  Without Westbrook, the thunder are pedestrian at best. That guy is a problem.  I mean, I like K.D., but I think he doesn't get the same criticism as other players.
tony ohno.::Without westbrook that game wouldn't even have been close
NYKNICKS 11::8=====D
Ricky Rosayy::This is turning it on at the right time.  Heat peaked too early.
Dengue-Fever::Why even bring the Heat up rosebud??..obviously you're worried..just enjoy the streak
Ricky Rosayy::I'm not a Heat fan (Sixers fan infact) and I'm supporting the Knicks here.. so yeah... not worried at all actually..
Brian875323::they are playing very well.. http://tinyurl.com/mondayfunday4813 enjoy
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>Only excuse looking LOSERS complain about the refs!</b>
iAMKHALIL::The bottom line is that no one outside of Knick fans know how to respond to the display of basketball the Knicks put on yesterday.  They've won 12 straight and Melo has had 30 plus point games with J.R. Smith playing his best basketball ever.  With Kidd on the floor they move the ball well and Felton &amp; Chandler are great in their respective roles.  They look like a complete team and they have a pretty good coach in Woodson who believes in defense.  I like our chances. I'll be looking at the Chicago game in the Windy City for further validation. The Bulls play with grit and determination but may not have the offensive talent as N.Y. , but it will be a great game.
iAMKHALIL::Jealous... No, not really.  Just looking forward to seeing you guys in the playoffs. So many people on your bandwagon. I admit you have a really good team, your coach is just going along for the ride.  The Celtics had you on the ropes and it took a Herculean effort by Lebron to get you there last year.  I know we're not going to back down and will give you guys more than you expect and the truth is that you know it as well.
sports_IQ::Of course, because we all know Refs have no impact on the game like Tim Donaghy and so on...who knew....  Comfortable sleeping under that rock isn't it?
FeFyeFoeRun::Jealous of the Miami Heat Much and other Winning teams that you Knick Losers have to constantly look for excuses in your miserable existence?
omarmun::yea im tried of people using the refs as an excuse..
bdb198526::how many times yesterday did hubie brown even say melo or knicks guys got fouled and itw asnt called? jr got hit multiple time, melo got fouled... no call.  melo gets tied up on a play with perkins where neither got the rebound but a knicks guy got the rebound. u call a foul on melo for his 3rd foul in a game that was physical all game. what a joke  funny how when it use to happen to lebrick in his 1st year on the heat when he got no respect from the refs, u heat slurping bandwagoners always cried about it  good thing about it is knicks won despite playing 5 on 8
iAMKHALIL::Melo went to the line twice yesterday. An all NBA 1st team guy.  How can you justify a guy having 8 offensive rebounds, 30 plus points, and only get to go to the line when you get fouled intentionally in the 4th with less than 1 minute to go.  Respect?  Not.
sports_IQ::Funny it's only not an excuse to the team getting all the FT attempts...
FeFyeFoeRun::like the Knicks and the Troll formerly known as "nba is the worst"
LobCity2013NBAChamps::They can win 21 in a row.....Mello will shoot them out of the first round of the playoffs
iAMKHALIL::Why is it that Mello will shoot them out of the first round but Durant and Westbrook's teams depend on them for scoring?  Tell me what's the difference?
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>So True! Knicks fans are in for a BIG letdown AGAIN!</b>
steven_1320::"Winning Time" is a great 30 for 30
coltranesteelkirt::I agree, its one of my favorite... I also loved June 17, 1994.
sports_IQ::There's only one thing all NYK fans should be scared off come the postseaon.....the Refs  The preferrential treatment MIA/OKC are getting is a bit worrisome...
omarmun::Shump will shut down wade..but hes not the problem..Lebron is..
iAMKHALIL::Lebron is unreal at times... Especially when that jumper is falling.  Still can't believe how he went like 10-12 in the first half against Boston.  That was crazy!
iAMKHALIL::If we (Knicks) can keep them in the half court I REALLY like our chances.  The Heat have a tendency to play one-on-one in the half court and at times take bad shots, until Lebron decides he wants to take over and we can only hope he doesn't have a Game 6 like he did against the Celtics last year.
sports_IQ::They both are and if you play on Lebron's teams, you get calls just because...
iAMKHALIL::You already know.  I just see it. I mean, I'm confident if all things were equal, but the refs gonna do what they always do.  They almost gave it away to the Thunder yesterday. Chandler gave a little elbow and they called a foul, Westbrook fouled J.R.  on the pick (no foul).  That's how it goes.... Unbelievable.... I'm telling you. Get ready... But, one thing is certain, they don't have an answer for Carmello... They'll start with Shane, then go to Lebron in the 4th and I've seen Melo take Lebron apart in the half court set... Not saying it will be easy, but I like the matchup.
iAMKHALIL::Wade
sports_IQ::Shump better wear his cup as Wade will be jump kicking him in the nuts extending his leg on Jumpers like he always does...
iAMKHALIL::Man, I don't want to even think about it... I can see it now. Melo drives to the lane, gets clipped by Battier, gets slammed to the floor and nooooo call... On the other hand, Wad drives to the basket ..... flops..... and Chandler gets his 5th foul in with 9 minutes to play in the 4th.... Crazy right?  Get ready for it....  Damn.
sports_IQ::You already know as I will say it over and over...that flagrant foul they called on Chandler for setting a screen on Lebron last postseason is literally some ish I've never seen before...worst part is the 1st Ref who called it called it a Flagrant 2 and was going to eject him before they reviewed it!!!    WHAT!????    Lol
UMiami1994::i guess thats been the prob for 4 decades huh??
UMiami1994::bdb198526 - hey UMiami1994  was Miami relevant the past 4 decades? u heat fans are laughable sacks  u win one relevant championship in your teams history and ur talking about the last 40 years? i see u all are still here that heat board must be really dead heh?   i guess you missed maths class huh.
bdb198526::hey UMiami1994  was Miami relevant the past 4 decades? u heat fans are laughable sacks  u win one relevant championship in your teams history and ur talking about the last 40 years? i see u all are still here that heat board must be really dead heh?
UMiami1994::sports_IQ - @UMIA, MIA was solid with PJ, Zo, Hardaway, Mashburn and thunder Dan...can't lie, sometimes IDK how we won half those series as I thought you guys had the better talent, but A-Mason was always tough cover for you guys.  Some good games back then. good times. more to come lets hope.
sports_IQ::@UMIA, MIA was solid with PJ, Zo, Hardaway, Mashburn and thunder Dan...can't lie, sometimes IDK how we won half those series as I thought you guys had the better talent, but A-Mason was always tough cover for you guys.
UMiami1994::sports_IQ - You weren't as good, you never got to the Finals...we didn't win it, but we were in the Finals twice during the 90s.    MIA was always a solid team though, I'm talking ish right now as fanhood will allow nothing less...lol  I hear ya bro. i have been a season tix holder since 88 i was a kid going with my parents and before that i was going to floridians games in the ABA. i know what its like.
sports_IQ::You weren't as good, you never got to the Finals...we didn't win it, but we were in the Finals twice during the 90s.    MIA was always a solid team though, I'm talking ish right now as fanhood will allow nothing less...lol
UMiami1994::Not true we was as good as you guys in the 90s, we didnt win anything but nor did you.
sports_IQ::Not really, MIA wasn't relevant for 3 of those decades so welcome to being relevant since Wade was drafted.   Plus, there was no one worth dik riding on MIA  like they do Lebron
iAMKHALIL::Why didn't Cowherd mention Melo's 12 rebounds to go along with his 36 points?
iAMKHALIL::I agree...
knicks_11::because everyone thinks thats what melo  only do..
sports_IQ::Because Lebron's $emen is in his eye and he saw half the stat sheet
steven_1320::<b><i>SuperSonics</i></b>
918Pokes::SACRAMENTO KINGS
ThunderHornz::Well done Knicks! Looks like we used up our defense on Spurs and Pacers- sure didn't see anything yesterday! Good luck and good health!
sports_IQ::What Defense??  LOL   Only guy on your team who can defend is Ibaka as Perkins is slow as hell and only good vs Post up bigs like Howard with limited game.
Wolverines_STLCardinals_Billikens::LOL they interviewed Carmelo and all he talks about is the scoring title. Not top 40 in assists, rebounds, steals, blocks, 2 pt fg%, or 3 pt fg%. What a joke.
sports_IQ::what did you watch, 3 seconds since the interview  since I saw he mentioned it for a second and before game said all he cares about is the W...sounds good
iAMKHALIL::They chose to show that clip because of the Durant factor...  I watched him play this Friday and he talked about a Championship....  Come'on are you that easily persuaded?
dickiedave4.0::The last time the Knicks won a playoff series was in 2000. lol
iAMKHALIL::No doubt.  I don't know why they have a thing for certain guys...  It would be the same if it were Iverson, Marbury, Vick, Newton, Bonds, etc. etc.  It appears they confuse the person with the talent. But when Mike, Magic, Kobe, are mentioned, they are GODS...  That's comedy...  Or does winning cure all ills?
iAMKHALIL::I noticed that too late fam... My fault...
sports_IQ::It's cool, lots of shots fired in here from unknown fans.  lol
iAMKHALIL::Just saying...  What, does the fact that your statement sounds dumb bother you? Or am I not supposed to read stupid comments.
sports_IQ::You arguing with your self bruh?  LOL  FYI, my comment was for dikdave
sports_IQ::Want a cookie?  Glad you read
iAMKHALIL::Ohhh thanks for reminding us... Let me know when Ewing and L. Johnson take the court in 2013...
steven_1320::No. 1 song that year: 'Smooth' by Santana ft. Rob Thomas
dickiedave4.0::omg lol
knicks_11::thank u for the stats
dickiedave4.0::That's pretty sad.
daveb82::Mello wins the scoring title. The knicks win the championship. 2013 is looking good for NYK !!
iAMKHALIL::Why not!?!
daveb82::why not throw Woodson coach of the year honrs!!
daveb82::and chandler wins defensive player again
sports_IQ::Chandler isn't the 2nd best on the team....STAT coming off the bench was still better than him without question...Chandler's only good at one on one defense as his help D is terrible...KMART would've put someone on their butt like he did KD @ MSG last month before he have guys lay it up all night like guys were...heck, no D Copeland even threw Westbrooks layup before Tyson decided to start jumping!!
omarmun::jr will win 6 man, and melo will win scoring title thats it..lebron has the mvp award locked
omarmun::Chandler is the 2nd best player on the team..without him we lose in the first round..you guys cant be serious
sports_IQ::@UMiami, and as a diehard NYK fan, I can't argue as I think his D is very over-rated as well...KMART is who we need healthy for consistent D and can guard multiple positions.
UMiami1994::Chandler is terrible, i like him and your strength is suppose to be the paint but guys are walking in the paint and its lay up after lay up.
666 New World Order::Melo will win the MVP and finals MVP. JR Smith wins 6th man of the year.
iAMKHALIL::The Knicks match up well against Miami. I've watched games when Melo has had King James on his heels...  I like the Knicks chances...  I know the Knicks pose the best chance to beat the Heat. They Match up well...  I also agree Melo doesn't get the calls...
UMiami1994::dude LBJ was put on melo the last 6 mins the last time they played and melo not only had zero points he didnt get off a shot.
Is That All You Know::Melo did score against lebron fouls and all. What made it diffuclt was the tugging and bumping allowed on one end and  them when melo did the same on d he was called for a foul.
iAMKHALIL::So what your telling me is that Lebron will shut down Melo each time they match up?  I can go to other games and show you how Melo put it on Lebron as well.  I agree that Lebron's defense is superior, but Melo is a much better offensive player in a half court set.
PatriotsHeat::They match up well with them during the regular season, and when they are hitting their 3's. We will see in the playoffs. Will give them props for their streak, and beating OKC.....Knicks do look tough right now.   Things change in the playoffs.
iAMKHALIL::Things do change int he playoffs.  Including the refs.
666 New World Order::NBA is rig. Ref are clearly not calling Melo's and 1. But on Durant, they blew the whistle very easily. We can't trust a Jewish commissioner.
DavidA11429::<b> Seriously A Knicks team with a healthy Melo, Chandler, Sheed, K-Mart, and Amare at 100% plus the Likes of Shumpert, Felton, JR, and Novak would not be enough to beat Miami?</b>
iAMKHALIL::I think the Knicks are poised to give the Heat a serious run.  They match up well.  Chandler will have to anchor the D and outplay the Heat's big men. You know Spoelstra will try and play small ball...  It would've been great to have Amare to slide into that line up, but Tyson should be able to get down the floor as well as Martin. Melo will have to have a Syracuse flashback to get it done...
666 New World Order::More than enough but don't put Amare in the equation.
Tehkiz::In a 7 game series is the main question.
DavidA11429::<b> Yes in a 7-game series. </b>
