climb171::KFaried beasting on bull.  Almost another triple double.
Frankcee78::Just finished watching the NUGGS paste the Bulls . HOW SWEET IT IS !!!!
nbocheltree::I'm hoping the Nuggets (or the Thunder) can make the same point that Dallas did two years ago: that team ball will, more often than not, win out over the superstar or "Big 3" paradigm. Although Dallas did have Dirk. Karl really needs to make sure that Lawson and Gallinari understand their roles as closers.
wrduardo::Like how you didn't mention SAS in the team ball category...
BurnabyJoeFan::Gallo especially seems to be coming around to the idea.  Once you have success in the clutch.. I think it seems less overwhelming and you want it.  He has been improving in this area as of late.  I agree.. the NBA needs more parity and smaller markets need to have a successful model they can build around (other than hoping you draft the next Kevin Durant).
dillon_pool::Look out LAC
Frankcee78::Any thoughts on Faried in the slam dunk contest ?
BurnabyJoeFan::He seems like a fun guy.. I'm sure he will do something creative and fun.
rraisch::He's bound to do better than Birdman did...
27toothless27::What a beating!
MilesAboveYou::Nuggets on pace to break PPG in the paint record. (:
Pepiope::Ty Lawson was a +40. Don't see that too often lol
Pepiope::Chandler is going to be a key addition to this team and ESPN never covers it. Chandler is a starter on most teams in the NBA.
Evan877::he could be a good trade asset too
charlie hustle bets the over::i mean, yeah his trade value is high, but for whom do you trade him? he was brilliant off the bench last night and i continue to echo he's an underrated defender. (who can also create his own shots)  i just want someone who can draw fouls in the playoffs (because that's what it seems to come down to), and i think gallo can handle that role. trade moz for a washing machine or a pick and be done with the trade talk. ...just my opinion.
..LEBRON OWNS ALL..::LMAO THE BULLS ARE TRASH
nargash::Why is this stupid Snow all over the news? IT'S JUST A FREAKING SNOW. Be careful and move on. NY would hype a cat that is giving a birth. SMH..!!
BurnabyJoeFan::We need snow so the damn state doesn't burn again this summer.
ELVVAY::We need snow bad! I want to go ridin.
creative_screenname21::Hopefully we get some snow here in denver and in the mountains this weekend..... we desperately need a good powder day
BurnabyJoeFan::It's dry and in the 50's in Denver... but Denver is too cold for a Super Bowl.  But NY should have one.  Don't question the NY media... Snow in NY is the most important thing in the world!
Roague::Carmelo who?
I prefer boxers over briefs::Carmelo can kiss my $@%!
nargash::Gallo baby..!!
nargash::Bulls fans were cocky and after the first half they said they would blow us out and blah blah and after hell broke lose, they started with injuries excuses. Even if Rose was playing yesterday, Nuggets would have won by 30. We were just a better team. It's that simple. Let's keep it going against the Cavs..!!
Robert156877::If you believe that, you are a fool.
phattybumbum::Nuggets blow out the Bulls and you would never know it the way ESPN covers it.
Jonnyb8717::Disney buyout = end of ESPN competency....
charlie hustle bets the over::ain't no thang.  espn hasn't been a competent sports news source since the 90's.
msonic69::Yup, first 5 stories are all Lakers-Celtics crap.  Two teams that will mean absolutely nothing this season...
UnderdogswillriseEventually::That game scared me. The Nuggets destroyed one of the best defenses in the league.
Binafsi-U::Agreed with gw687. It wouldn't matter if everyone was healthy. That would still be a beatdown. Only Rose would have made it competitive.
gw687::Healthy Noah, Belinelli, and Hinrich don't make this team 30 points better.  Throw Rose in there and I think it is a very good game with the winner probably whichever team is at home.  But the players you mention don't make the Bulls 30 points better, sorry.
no.37::the bulls looked disinterested. the bulls also were far from healthy, that was the first game back for noah, hinrich was out, and so was belinelli
kab747::Always the injury, just came back type of excuses. I'm sick of it. Why just don't admit that the Nuggets were far better team and tore up one of the best Ds in the league?
manimarf09::This game basically told me two things. The West is better in production than the East (which we basically already knew) - since these two teams are in similar spots in their respective conferences, and that the advantage simply went to the home team, which happens a lot with certain playoff contending West teams.
NGplayinskillz::@Charlie hustle  The Pacers did beat the Miami Heat twice this season so I don't see why they don't deserve to be in the same category as the Heat. They have the most double digit wins over the Miami Heat in the entire league.
no.37::one game cant tell you which conference is better. further, the bulls are an injured, tired team. they are missing hinrich and belinelli, and this was the first game back for noah. gibson, deng, and boozer are also playing with injuries.  the bulls when healthy are a better team then the nuggets (who played entirely healthy last night). the east is top heavy, the heat, knicks, pacers, and bulls are all decent teams.
skiCB::Based on the team's respective records, and the beating administered last night, you, sir, are incorrect.
charlie hustle bets the over::yeah, knicks/pacers/bulls all deserve to be in the same category as the heat.  /s  smh
Gucci Force Four::If the West is better than the East is that why the defending champ is from the West this year?
BurnabyJoeFan::Gucci Force Four If the West is better than the East is that why the defending champ is from the West this year? --------------------- LMAO... so in the NFL the AFC is better than the NFC overall because the Raven's won the Super Bowl?  Great logic genius.
yellowdart24::The East is much easier to get to the finals than the West. No question about it. If the Heat get knocked out then NYK, Pacers, Bulls, and Nets all have legit shots at playing in the finals. The Pacers have already shown they can handle the Heat this year without Granger, NYK has beatin them twice as well, and the Bulls are 1-0 without Rose making the Heat 0-5 against the 2, 3, and 4 seeds. If there was ever a year to have a somewhat surprise in the finals from the East, this would be the year.
Chris31708::Last year was the exception, not the rule. For the last 14 years the champion usually came out of the West.
manimarf09::the East is top heavy. there's really Miami and everyone else. but the West is much more open though it's also kind of top heavy with OKC and the Spurs with the Clippers behind them and a couple others right behind them.
Chris31708::Memphis got worse after the trade, their record will show it in the next month or so.
gregory1701::Wow, that's a very good Nuggets team right there.. 2nd round of playoffs this year?
Chris31708::Yeah they'll make it out of the 1st round this year.
no.37::depends who they play.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Bulls just don't play well against super athletic teams.. Good game Nuggets, yall whooped us.
Igloo1993::Taj didn't fair much better against the nuggets than boozer did. Boozer supplies a scoring threat which the bulls really need right now
JWayMac42::True that's why Boozer needs to go, he struggles supremely against athletes.  Trade him and start Taj!
TheSixthHeatle::Ouch, Bulls got torched.
dradam69::So you had the #4 seed from the West versus the #4 seed from the East.  #4 seed from the West wins by 30. Just goes to say the Eastern Conference is a joke besides Miami. Nugggs are for real.
no.37::are we that stupid that you base your entire analysis on one game?
fosterography::I didn't know Orlanda was in the league.
Gucci Force Four::The same Nuggets team that lost to Orlanda, Washington, Atlanta, Philly and New York?
washheightsboy3::yep.  those nuggets.
I prefer boxers over briefs::Fact.
TheBronx303::Great win for the Nuggets!  Keep it rolling fellas!
VolkieG::Nuggets looking very impressive right now.
diehardnr1::Now THATS what I'm talking about!  Finally...the Nuggets did what I have been begging for since the SAC game.They came out fired up in the first Qtr, tired them out in the 2nd, blew them out in the third and coasted in the 4th.  Thank You Nuggets!  The two most important things I saw were...the 3pt/FT% were way up...and some Killer Instinct and nastiness is starting to rear its beautiful head!  Kudos to the ENTIRE team for logging the most complete win vs a Top 4 seed (albeit hobbled) of the year! Extra Kudos to the DEN Bigs...all of them...even Mozzy and AnRand made contributions to keep the 30pt gap to the end.  The thing I love most about this team is that ANY one (or 3) of them can step up on any given night...secret is finding the hot hand(s)...tonight was easy as everyone was on fire...  Great Statement Game, as requested...Now, please fulfill the second part of my wish and go beat up some East teams on the road!  GO NUGGETS!!!
ThunderHornz::Well done (and scary) Nuggets! I loved to watch Faried play last year and it just gets better this year. Good health to you! THUNDER!
ThunderHornz::Thanks! It made me think of "ThunderFrogs" lol! Got a visual........
diehardnr1::lol...Sounds like a good comic book idea
diehardnr1::Thanks...The next two should be interesting.  Think you guys are close to being too far away for a NW race...but you never know.  Would make the last h2h game more interesting if the division were on the line.  I just want to avoid you guys 1st round...lol  btw wondering about the Hornz part of your name...is it for TCU? Texas? Other?
diehardnr1::should have been my first guess but went with TCU Horned Frogs being closer to OKC.  Good luck till next time...
ThunderHornz::UT alum and lifelong Longhorn fan!
martinfingers::As a Nugget head, I approve of this message.
ThunderHornz::I watched this game last night for 2 reasons: to watch Faried and to see Chicago lose. I find both of those quite entertaining! Your Nuggets have figured a few things out since we last played! The next matchup will be much tougher!
Lewis09Gomez::article saying that it would bee better if Derrick should not start when he returns. -__- theres no leadership in this team yet, why sit the leader, he got all weapons. I believe Rose can guard fast pg's. Then the Bulls are the best defensive teams !
KG would of pummeled Melo::Tim Grgrich returned to the Nuggets bench as a consultant to the coaching staff.And the Nuggets have been red hot.Coincidence?
ret12364::so the bulls get 2 all stars and the nuggets get none? smh
This_Guy1::Wow, the Bulls got killed.Oh well, on to the next one.  Good game, Nuggets.  Bulls all day.
masterosports_newcomp::I claim this board as my own.
charOhRams::The Manimal just straight up ripped Bulls apart! GO NUGGS!
vap88::Yep, when Faried scores 21 , the Nugs should win.
travisxj8::Im glad they stopped playing that comeback commercial for derrick rose
Shake Well AFTER Using::It is so funny that BillOntario has became an ESPN user celebrity. Just google Bill Ontario ESPN and you get a lot of results. Some stuff about him is so funny. What made him the most well known member?
charOhRams::Being an ESPN user celebrity really isn't that big of an accomplishment...
ndcccc::Rose will make it all better, right?
Shake Well AFTER Using::Get off, go to sleep, or go to the next board. I already won this thread it is over.
ndcccc::Shake Well AFTER Using - The rights to this board.  that is because no one else is here lol, want to impress me go over to the Laker-C's board and get the rights to that one.
Shake Well AFTER Using::The rights to this board.
ndcccc::what did you win lol
howdytharrr::i miss laura she was nice
Shake Well AFTER Using::<b> Well, I think it is official, I am the victor of this board. I declare this board over and dead. All hail, Shake Well!! </b>
Shake Well AFTER Using::<b> I WIN!!! </b>
All Sports Fan 365::No you don't
Shake Well AFTER Using::Oh, but I already did.
All Sports Fan 365::Ill be at my board tomorrow the Dallas Stars take on the Anaheim Ducks in Dallas.
masterosports_newcomp::Stay tuned for a real kicker Shake Well.
masterosports_newcomp::Well, looks like I'm out of here. No more trolls to argue with...*sigh* later man.
masterosports_newcomp::Damn did he leave? What a shame.
masterosports_newcomp::Lol   It was even funner back when I was 12 and arguing with these trolls. Good times haha
All Sports Fan 365::Damn, I got old, and I'm only 19.
masterosports_newcomp::Sheer boredom.  Better edit this before I get banned.
All Sports Fan 365::I don't even know why you're wasting your time with him.
All Sports Fan 365::I hope I have luck with my Dallas Stars tomorrow night.
All Sports Fan 365::The Nuggest did good tonight.
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::im so drunk on gin n tonix.. ne1 else here drunk 2?? u better be!
Laker Fans Disappear After Losses::u got no pashon sun
Patreeky::you sir, are hilarious, albeit in a niche sort of way. I respect your unyielding dedication to this character.
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::i have pahon 4 drinks lols
Shake Well AFTER Using::Well, I want to wish all my fans a good night. Looks like I am not the only troll on here, so I will let you squares have fun with that one.
Shake Well AFTER Using::Yea, at least I can fantasize about it in my truck and with money in my hands. Poor little virgin. later. playa.
masterosports_newcomp::Are you actually leaving now? For real? It's to good to be true...
masterosports_newcomp::As you're fantasizing about getting head from strangers on a message board.
Shake Well AFTER Using::You need to quit talking to me like that you poor little virgin with no car.
masterosports_newcomp::Good. Go. Now.
Shake Well AFTER Using::I will be back to declare my winnings.
All Sports Fan 365::I love how people use the term GOAT as a good thing when back in the day, it used to be the worst player on your team.
Jonnyb8717::Greatest Of All Time = GOAT  Scapegoat = goat
Anaxagoran::There's a difference between goat and GOAT
masterosports_newcomp::Even as a younger guy, I was under the impression that GOAT was the worst player on the team until like last year.
howdytharrr::yeah they usually played really baaad
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::Perdicshuns for the Rest of NBA seson   1. Dwight has 2 get traided or LA looses 30-40 games, lol @ loss 2 cavs. u gunna fire another coach???  2. NUGETS make turnaround, compeate 4 3rd in WC- force 2 wreckon wit in post season   3. knicks will go cold and get 5th scede in ec, loose in 2nd round  4. DURENT becoming future GOATs of NBA  5. HEAT win all H games, win finals after sweep in ecf     just my 2 sense tho take it or leave it. gimme urs pls
Anaxagoran::Also, who's Durent?
Anaxagoran::Predictions for yourself...You will never learn to spell, you are a lost cause.
All Sports Fan 365::Wasn't the term GOAT back in the day when someone sucked. I think so!
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::i bet u dont even live in denver
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::bandwagon cuz ur mavs sux
All Sports Fan 365::No, I don't. I'm in Dallas.
Shake Well AFTER Using::masterosports_newcomp Man I don't have a car...or money...and don't even know which one you work at. ----  This says it all. You're the loser. Ha. Quit talking to me. You're pathetic.
masterosports_newcomp::Damn I can't talk to you anymore?  Sad day.
All Sports Fan 365::Wade is the worst layer in the league. Just to make the Miami troll mad.
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::wade will be GOAT sumday
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::all sports fan u mad cuz ur bulls lost??
masterosports_newcomp::Here let me try this:  dwade sux nw.
All Sports Fan 365::I'm a Denver fan $@%!$@%.
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::lol u dnt even no ur startin 5.. pathetik
Patreeky::Calm yourself friend, this guy is the most notorious nba troll there is. Take it as comedy.
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::bet u dnt even no ur startin 5.. lemme no in 5 secs
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::most pashonate players in game rite now:   1.dwade - every game players try 2 hurt him but he keeps goin 2.lbj- tore up finals 3. rondo- hes an animal and luvs 2 fite. respect 4. kg- tyed with rondo. he still has so much pashon 5. faried- always tryin his hardest no matter wat. he becomin allstar b4 our eyes  just my 2 sense tho take it or leave it
masterosports_newcomp::Bad grammar + horrid spelling + self liking = ignored
Patreeky::Kobe simply doesn't have enough pashon...
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::haha kobe sux now
masterosports_newcomp::Although, how can you not put Kobe on that list man?
Patreeky::This is a welcome release, why cant all trolls be this pleasant...
All Sports Fan 365::Your grammar is embarrassing.
All Sports Fan 365::Oooh internet tough guy coming after me.
dwade grater den jordan 6.0::u r il drop u sisy
