Joe Raygor::I predict the Bobcats will win just six more games after this.
Mperator::LOL, they had a winning record at some point this year, hilarious!
okc still owns::lol
Road dog Red::I'm impressed that anyone watched this putrid display of ineptitude
Mizzle85::How many games have the Celtics won this year?
brohani::guy who impresses me is bj mullens. being at the game last night, i noticed the little things he did like rotation and spreading the floor. great pick up and hes finally out of that log jam in okc
fineasscelinedion::Kemba walker is the second coming of jordan, Not sure how that works with both them still being alive, but still
Badgers07414::refs were horrible. The NBA continues to be one step down in integrity from the WWE
ALI-76::Augustin, D.J. is very underated!
gouconnhuskies3::Everybody complaining about Kembas size... how many PGS in the leauge picked up 7 boards in 20 mins today?
BearJWS::Kemba, clutch again... just like at UConn!
canarygalisback::Another year, another sub par Bucks team.
kid2389::Story of the game IMO.......technical fouls on Stephen Jackson and Drew Gooden and Gooden gets ejected from the game and they lose by 1 point......Skiles needs to instill some discipline into this group quickly.
sgtheny45::No, they were not. Jackson and Gooden are two huge goons they always foul out. Watch some basketball kid.
Badgers07414::The majority were bad calls!
iTzDiRkFoR3::What happened to Mbauh Moute?
kid2389::he is injured right now.....last minute decision to not play.
OTS-Football::Yeah I got to agree with you Druncy, like Michael Kemba makes the clutch shots. I hope he gets more playing time, because if he wins the rookie of the year im buying his jersey and im from Florida.
TEEMAC1974::just for 1 night  i can say the charlotte bobcats are tied for 1st in the eastern conference and the nba, wow for one night the bobcats are one of the best teams in the nba.
Drunyce86::I can't believe teams passed up Kemba. They are going to regret it. That kid is skilled, tough, &amp; plays with heart.
BearJWS::Still making big plays when the game is on the line... The Bobcats are really going to need him this year.  Other than Kemba, Augustin &amp; Diaw, the rest of the team is sad.  Who will Kemba &amp;Augustin pass to? Really where are their scorers?
Mizzle85::Corey Maggette, Gerald Henderson, Reggie Williams, Tyrus Thomas, Byron Mullens. People can put up points. You're just saying that because you're not familiar with them.
bryanmtm40::Say what you want about Kemba, but the man is tough. 7 rebounds. Oh yeah, CLUTCH too. Ice in his veins on the free throw line.
kkumbera::Jackson, 6 points &amp; 6 fouls in 17 minutes, really? this is supposed to be a NBA "superstar" (in his own mind), for 9 million a year, wow.
GsDubb12::Stack jack was legit on the warriors. He's playing like a bum because he's surrounded by bums
Chris72077::He is a bum
WordLife565::I like how Gerald Henderson is just a footnote here, but his potential breaking out could be huge for the Bobcats this year as they're rebuilding. He still has the same explosiveness and skill he did at Duke, dude can flat out play in this league, and has the body to defend most 2 guards in this league
Mizzle85::Hendo!!!
chelseafc936::Why do people keep saying the Bucks suck they were they 9th seed last season.
Mike646818::If you have a record under 500 you suck.
Flyguy11::How can you be a "9 seed"? That makes no sense. They finished 9th in the Eastern Conference.
chelseafc936::Although seriously if we lose to Twolves...
FormulaOner::Apparently Cam Newton was at the game?
fergulator26::Funny to me that as soon as the crowd recognized Cam, from that point on it was the loudest I have ever heard that arena get for a Bobcats game.  It also happened to be the point where the Bobcats turned the game around.. Player of the game should go to Cam.
edl129::he was prob looking for b*tches to fck
Cory4568::It's weird, because Cam and the Panthers players were all courtside, while Jeter was in a VIP suite, looking very unamused.As a Red Sox fan, it's suffice to say I didn't have enough fingers for that scoreboard monitor.
FormulaOner::lol Derek Jeter? wtf...must be some Jordan brand thing
Cory4568::Affirmative. He came in through the Bobcats tunnel at halftime along with Jon Beason, Chris Gamble, and Charles Godfrey. Cam walked over to Michael Jordan and met him, perhaps for the first time ever, then sat courtside. For whatever reason, Derek Jeter was also in attendence.
smashingHRs::As a Bucks fan, this does not surprise me. This is why I don't watch them anymore
MessiahJ::Sounds like a true fan...
svanbox::Bucks are off to another crappy start to another crappy season. I hate the NBA.
Badgers07414::If you hate it don't watch
tiago_1801::so many layups missded
YouBLEWWIt::This is what happens when you have a top defense with no offense.  No Jax, no offense.  Oh, and Jennings jacking up a below .400 FG percentage doesn't help.
NCman72::im glad to see that cam newton was supporting his fellow charlotte team. did anyone else see the photo with him and michael jordan together? that was pretty freakin awesome if you ask me
Cory4568::Once we spotted him at the game, pretty much the entire arena was watching his every move. Out of the player tunnel. Along the back court. To the service tunnel. Back out of the service tunnel. Over to the Bobcats bench. Back to courtside. He was wearing a Charlotte Hornets hat which was pretty nifty. They gave him a Bobcats hat for his "close up" on the arena scoreboard.
ishevegas::“There’s not any bad blood,’’ Jackson said. “I know people are probably thinking, ‘He’s coming in wanting to get 50.’ I’m not that focused on this game.’’  1-5, glad he didn't care about going off for 50, is this dude worth having?
AvengedByCats::Like he said.. Not that focused on this game. You have to come into every game focused, no matter the opponent.
YouBLEWWIt::Yes, but he has to be healthy. He's not.
keepmeoffsuckerpicks::Well the NBA season has officially started.  The bucks made me puke in my mouth.  19 point swing in the last 8 minutes of the 3rd Q.  From executing and playing solid D to missing everything kicking the ball away and unable to secure a D reb.  The most frustrating thing about this team.  They have Qs like this where they can't stop the bleeding.  Its why we cant get above mediocre.  We did for about 22 games 2 years ago.  But we didn't choke like this during that stretch.  Sick to my stomach on the first night.  Nice work Milwaukee.
milwaukeemonster::this lose hurt...next game at the bradley center
DINSDINSDINS::Way to go Charlotte!!! ;)
bdubious420::I hope Stephen Jackson's performance isn't a sign of things to come.  How is this guy making 9 million a year?
Badgers07414::Actulally not more Than KG and he had a legitmate gripe with those calls last night!
thatlookseasy::I like Capt Jack, he will take some bad shots but he's undeservedly gotten a bad rap around the league. He's a good teammate and is still a pretty good defender, though I think he would be better playing SF at this point in his career.   Yeah, hes overpaid at 9 mil a year, I'm not exactly sure why Golden State gave him that huge contract
DINSDINSDINS::He bitchesss and fights more than anyone in NBA history, have fun with him, he is a loser
aburks181::im a huge uconn fan. glad to see kemba helping you guys out. i never really was into the NBA but i will be rooting for the bobcats. GO KEMBAAA lol
KBFantasy::Kemba 6 rebounds in 20 minutes.
BearJWS::7
CosmoKramer1444::I thought illegal defense hasn't been called since 1989?
chiefjcr::Bucks scoring trend from last season continues...dang it!
packerbob74::Bogut had O rebounds in the second half??
cgjthoma::My fellow small market brethren in Milwaukee, it was a good match.  May you have a successful campaign in 2012.
packerbob74::Skiles is a good D coach,,, Why can't he eat some pride and let someone with O brains run the O???
TCluvcarpanthers::I hope we hire a coach or consultant to teach Bismack a post move or two.
sgtheny45::Yea im pissed Oak couldnt come back. He would have been perfect.
DINSDINSDINS::2011-12 Charlotte Bobcats = Greatest team in NBA history
AvengedByCats::This post. Great!
sgtheny45::We are on pace to win 66 games so yea, basically.
Almost Always Ignored::1 win (barely) over an average team = THE BEST EVER?!
BearJWS::Where are your positive vibes "Almost Always Ignored" ???
thatlookseasy::Oh yeah. Now that we have Diaw starting at his natural center position and the immortal Corey Maggette playing SF, there is really no way we lose another game
thatlookseasy::Yeah, its too bad the lockout cut the season short. Now we cant make a run at the bulls 72 win season
craigman2008::Its just 1 game you so called "fans".  Relax...there are 65 more to go!
CosmoKramer1444::Bandwagon Bobcats fans..........never been said.
sgtheny45::Are you implying that we are all bandwagon fans? I love playing that card too after my team loses, it helps with the burn.
buckspackers23::Thank you.
packerbob74::Skiles offensive scheme really blows!!!!
ravens201124::was it a buzzer beater?
Badgers07414::kemba is good the bobcats are terrible! He needs help but since MJ is in control that wont happen and the team will be horrible until he sells them. At least he will make a huge amount of money on releasing an old shoe!
CosmoKramer1444::No but Kemba made 2 free throws to put the game out of reach. He hasn't missed a beat from college.
WiscoMase23::can the bucks just be great or awful for once? they always toil in mediocrity, and thats the worst possible thing in the nba
Badgers07414::give them a chance to get things going
Ryan59262::typical bucks, this is what we expect, either go down big early, comeback comes up short, or lead early and give it away, i give up with these turds.
Restoretheroartodetroit::Well the Bobcats arent a good team so this isnt the way to start the year
buckspackers23::sneak into the playoffs, get knocked out first round, get a mediocre draft pick. 6 times in the last 11 years.
TCluvcarpanthers::This is coming from a Bobcats fan ...  It's pretty easy to complain about Jennings considering you're not playing the game yourself. GROW UP, BUCKS FANS!
Badgers07414::The team will get better just be patient by the next time we come to Charlotte we will be fighting for a playoff birth!
Mike646818::what about all the layups he botched. Jennings is the most overhyped player in the NBA. The Does should just trade him now.
samch7974::Jennings knocked down those two 3's at the end of the game
BearSlayer1::Shuuuut up...
buckspackers23::He didn't play for 7 minutes of that run.
buckspackers23::Jennings was the reason we almost won.
NoPoints4SecondPlace::Yeah, he was awesome in the 14-30 3rd qtr.
TCluvcarpanthers::Exactly.
AvengedByCats::Actually most of the ESPN analysts have played the sport they cover. Jay Bilas is a prime example.
NoPoints4SecondPlace::I would like to see more assists and less shots from him.  That's all I'm sayin.
Dohm03::exactly
Dohm03::So a fan can't complain about a player if the fan isn't playing the game?  So by your "reasoning" no one can ever say anything if they arent actually playing the game...  EVERY ESPN ANALYST IS OUT OF A JOB ACCORDING TO TCluvcarpanthers!!!  You are a $@%! dude.
Miller Park Mecca::TCluvcarpanthers And we did destroy the hapless Bucs ... Every team has something to play for whether it be pride or a championship. NFL players are professionals and try to win every game because that's what they are payed to do.  l This is nonsense. Players on teams quit all the time regardless of the situation. Nobody wants to get Adrian Petersoned for a 4-11 team.
Miller Park Mecca::Besides, the point isn't whether or not they're "upset over a loss", it's that they have nothing to play for and may not try as hard. Don't give me this "everyone wants to win every game" stuff like you know every player's mentality.
Miller Park Mecca::After winning 2 in a row I bet they're all sleeping great.
TCluvcarpanthers::Walk into the Colts locker room after a loss and tell me they are not upset.
89bottomline::" me and kemba gonna make charlotte title town"  Cam Newton
csmithuncw14::yes we cam
89bottomline::you see cam newton on the sidelines....front row
BHagerty::It looks like it's going to be a long short season again!
13Jrizzle13::at least it will be a shorter long season
ballerbooboo::down 1 and jenning decided to talk a contested three instead going inside for easy two ...jennings have no IQ in basketball...also down 3 and he jacked up a three with the rookie on him. if he was a true veteran he would pop fake and draw a foul on kemba easily on that three
buckspackers23::Everybody was all over him all game and he wasn't getting calls, why would he get one then?
ballerbooboo::my bad well he couldve draw a foul easily bc kemba was all over him on that shot trying to block it ahha
Miller Park Mecca::It's his 3rd season. Relax.
buckspackers23::We were down 4 with 5 seconds left.
13Jrizzle13::that's what happens when you decide not to try for a whole quarter, this ain't football there is no mothertrucking tebow time
sgtheny45::Bobs WIN sucks to suck
sgtheny45::We havent had a chance to beat them yet. We are still undefeated.
buckspackers23::You guys still suck.... Beating us isn't like beating the bulls.
Dohm03::Yay another loss.  Jennings need to play like an actual point guard instead of Allen Iversoning the game....  You don't win consistently playing like that
