chitownbullsinseven::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets
Eric62748::Glad Raja is back! lol he sucks so bad! He will be on the bench in the playoffs.
scow79::He better not get off the bench in the playoffs
tcrisis::Portland fans are nutz
eazyt_971::We have a right to be bitter and angry. Being nice has brought us nothing but bad luck. So from now on we are gonna be jerks just like laker, celtic, heat and bulls fans. We will become like the raider fans of the NBA.
lilredban268::I see alot of rage on here from a few upset fans. Look, your team got owned by the jazz in a meaningless game. Predicting the jazz getting swept and then mocking someone who predicts success for the jazz in the future makes you look like a child at best. Congratulations to the jazz and their fans. I know my dad is happy tonight.
eazyt_971::If Utah fans consider a 2 point win over a lineup of 3rd stringers as being owned then yeah we got owned. And you should know it's not just us who are predicting the jazz will get swept. Just about every NBA fan is predicting a sweep.
eazyt_971::Why is Gordon Hayward the most popular player on the team despite being only the 4th best player on the team?
Calioyo::a fitting end to the season Trailblazers.  Too little, too late.  Thanks.
CharlesRiver27::Jazz are on a good trajectory. They'll be contending again within a few years. Is it just me, or are the Jazz the only team in the NBA that knows how to win while rebuilding? They missed the playoffs the year after the Stockton/Malone era ended, and then they were back in the playoffs the next year at the beginning of the Williams/Boozer era. Then Williams and Boozer leave, the Jazz miss the playoffs that year, but then this year they are suddenly back in the playoffs again. Amazing.
b.b.dave::Yep.  They might not have a title(which i blame on a combination of Jordan and small market struggles) but are one of the best franchises in the NBA.
Phatjam98::Cant hardly wait for the Jazz to get some playoff experience for the young guys.... And for the Lakers to get trounced by Denver.
eazyt_971::DEATH TO THE BLUE &amp; GREEN
LikeyMcLike::Anyways nice win Jazz, Lets try to get at least one win in the playoffs.
b.b.dave::Where is the confidence?  We will defiantly win at least 1 at home,  this series is gonna be a battle.
LikeyMcLike::Wesley did get fouled, good no call by the ref. Who the heck is that #2 scrub on the Jazz that fouled him.
eazyt_971::Good for the refs to be biased? Only when it favors your team I guess
LikeyMcLike::If it was Kobe shooting that shot, the refs would have called flagrant foul.
camjones56::NBA-REFS=JIZZINMYPANTS
camjones56::REFS are like the police, pulling people over even though they didn't do S H I T!!
camjones56::DICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKILOVEVAGINADICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICKDICK
camjones56::ME TOO
LikeyMcLike::Shows what's on your mind.
camjones56::ILOVEVAGINA
Kobelies247::ITs going to be nice watching the lakers getting PWNED by Denver...
LikeyMcLike::Does anyone know who that monkey was spazzing out at the end of the game?
sduke1986::Nolan was a finalist for national POY in 2011 do you even watch basketball?
sduke1986::That's Nolan Smith you clown,  try showing some respect to the rookie who played a great game. He is a great kid, and will be a great NBA player like his father was. He was upset for good reason because of the no call on the obvious foul.
camjones56::they all looked like monkeys to me
camjones56::Scores for Apr 26, 2012 2nd3:403:40  SA GS47 4847 4802nd0:170:17  LAL SAC41 5641 561Final  DAL ATL89 10689 1062Final  MIL BOS74 8774 873Final  CLE CHI75 10775 1074Final  PHI DET86 10886 1085Final  NO HOU77 8477 846Final  DEN MIN131 102131 1027Final  POR UTAH94 9694 968Final  MIA WSH70 10470 1049Final  NJ TOR67 9867 9810Final  ORL MEM76 8876 8811Final  NY CHA104 84104 8412Final  Series (Game 4 of 4) Close  Series starts 1/30  Game 1: Monday, January 30th  Trail Blazers 89 Final   Jazz 93  Recap »Boxscore »  Game 2: Monday, April 2nd  Jazz 102 Final   Trail Blazers 97  Recap »Boxscore »  Game 3: Wednesday, April 18th  Jazz 112 Final   Trail Blazers 91  Recap »Boxscore »  Game 4: Thursday, April 26th  Trail Blazers 94 Final   Jazz 96  Recap »Boxscore »  Trail Blazers 94 (28-38, 8-25 away) Jazz 96 (36-30, 25-8 home) Watch HighlightsAlertsCoverage: ROOT SPORTS 8:00 PM ET, April 26, 2012  EnergySolutions Arena, Salt Lake City, UT
camjones56::$@%! $@%! $@%! $@%! dick $@% $@%!$ $@%! $@%! $@%!$@% $@%!$@% $@%!$@ $@%!$@%! $@%!$ hoe $@%! $@%!$ tramp .
camjones56::$@%! you in your $@%!$@% $@%, you $@%! sucking little $@%!$ $@%! ant!!!
LikeyMcLike::chillax bro.
LikeyMcLike::take it easy.
Kobelies247::Next to Cha, POR has the longest losing streak!   Now this is a real streak that cant be FAKE!!!!
camjones56::thats what happens when you put in your 3rd string.
LikeyMcLike::I wonder who Portland is gonna try to steal from the Jazz this year.
Jukester Utah::Ha ha So true... Portland LOVES swooping in on Jazz players. Portland is where good players go to die.. Roy, Wallace, The big number one draftee outta Ohio..
14nba14j::the jazz beat portland with their bench
127decibels::No, the jazz second string beat the Portland third string at home - by 2 - on a bad call at the end.  Congrats.  Utah will be gone in the first round and Portland has 2 top 11 picks and 20 million in cap space to rebuild overnight.
Kobelies247::They dont have any good players,,,, The playoffs will prove this
LikeyMcLike::No good players huh? Dang, That sucks
LikeyMcLike::Who was that player on Portland spazzing out at the end?
14nba14j::.......well have fun with injuries portland and developing your  unbelievable lottery pick that will somehow switch the franchise next year to the finals......good luck getting dwight howard and nash too, no way they would play for portland..............my biggest advice is wait for the jazz  to develop another amazing player and just buy talent..........good luck!
Jukester Utah::camjones must be a fifth grader who got onto his step dad's account again.
camjones56::Have fun finishing sucking all the Jazz players D I C K S!!!
camjones56::Not you again.
Kobelies247::LOL +1
camjones56::Blazers suck this year, now Jazz fans move on and go troll somewhere else, you don't need to rub in your 8th seed and getting swept in the first round of the playoffs in our faces.
rickaski::How is commenting on the game your team just played considered trolling?
camjones56::Calm down Jazz fans, don't $@%! yourselves just because your getting an 8th seed, we all know that doesn't take talent, and your going to lose anyways. Stop being ignorant HOMERS, so the Jazz are better than Portland this year, you don't know the future so $@%! and GTFO!!! I don't say a team is horrible when the Blazers beat them, I move on, Karma is a B I T C H so don't go around trying to make other people feel like S H I T, and get a life.
Jazzgoob::Took more talent then the Blazers I'll tell ya that.
camjones56::I know, I just hate when people get cocky!!!
14nba14j::last time i checked this 8th seed team was predicted to be the worst team in the west this year they lost there hall of famer coach and their leader point guard deron........looked what happened!!! its sports its the playoffs
ghettoslider::so nice to beat portland the last game of the year and to see the look on wes matthews face.. he left the jazz (the one team who gave him a chance) to go play for one of their rivals b/c he could make a tiny bit more $$ (the jazz offered him a decent contract).. but now he is playing for a disfunctional crap team thats isnt even in the playoffs while he watches his former team succeed.. he'd be in a much better position right now if he wouldve stayed with the jazz (especially when its time for him to sign his next contract).. Good luck Matthews!! greedy $@%!$@.. HAHA
demtral::Jazz fans are still annoyed Portland tried to sign two restricted free agent Jazz in consecutive years, which is funny cause Millsap ended up being a very good contract, and Wes is too, they just didn't match.
eazyt_971::Why are jazz fans still obsessed with Matthews? I thought fellow moromon Gordon Hayward is a superstar.
demtral::Yeah, but a lot of guys get overpaid. He makes the same as Kwame Brown this year, I'd say he's not the most overpaid player out there. You're from Utah, you know what it takes to get free agents to sign in small markets some times, especially if the player is restricted.
ghettoslider::and everybody knows that potland over paid him anyways
ghettoslider::exactly my point.. he's just another greedy player thats in it for the $$ but doesnt care about winning.. too bad signing with portland is going to end up costing him millions when its time to sign his next contract and he's been getting benched all the time while playing on a losing team..
demtral::Especially at the time the contract was signed, you can't possibly tell me Portland didn't look like a much better place to go. Also, he was restricted, so Utah could have kept him if they felt like it, don't hate on him because Utah declined the option to keep him.
transatlanticfoe::I'm sure he has trouble sleeping on that pile of money every night.
Gamham34::http://gifura.orzhk.org/src/1332235315120.swf - BRANDAN ROY talks about return.
Gamham34::look at his facial expression.
ghettoslider::nice.. now all he needs is 2 new knees and he'll be set.. Lol
lll__::Portland is a sweet franchise…but it's fans are $@%!$@%  kind of like san antonio. hmmm
camjones56::Other way around, Portland would have nothing without its fan base, thats why all of the espn commentators always say they have the best fans in the NBA, they have sold out like 200 games in a row at the rose garden.
Free Alec Burks Returns::They're just mad we'll be in the playoffs and also get a top 8 pick. Jazz &gt; Blazers for the next decade at least
DucksRUNPac12::Wow portland sucks.....hopefully they clean house, we need a real point gaurd. And utah don't act like you guys are good, you'll get swept by the spurs.
AceyUT::if we get swept by the spurs, what does that make portland after losing to us..
camjones56::A bad team, every team has had bad years.
Eliminate_the_BCS::Enjoy not making the playoffs for the next several years.
tcrisis::I'd rather be in the playoffs than not... and they won't get swept
camjones56::Enjoy getting swept in the playoffs every year!
Eliminate_the_BCS::I'm too lazy to do the research on the question, so I bring it to you, Jazz fans:  What's the situation with us acquiring Golden State's pick this year?  Are we getting it or not?
b.b.dave::Top 6 protected this year and next.  Top 7 protected in 2014,  we get 2014 and 2016 2nd round picks if the warirors don't finish outside those numbers any of the 3 years.  So yeah this year it comes down to the lottery.
Eric62748::False it is top 7 this year.
camjones56::Love your name...
lll__::it's going to be a coin flip.
eazyt_971::Have fun getting smoked by San Antonio you mormon panzees. P.S you lose the G.S pick too after they tank tonight. You have no shot at the playoffs next year when every team in the west will have a full training camp. This season was a fluke just like the lockout season of 99.
Jukester Utah::Let's not forget about Jamal Crawford (former 6th man of the year back in 2009) BEGGING phoenix to get him out of Portland.. Ha Ha Sounds like Portland has some internal problems to deal with.
b.b.dave::If Utah don't get GSs pick this year we still have 2 more chances at getting a first rounder from them.
camjones56::And Portland only has 2 of the same starters as last year, so i guess they will be tip top tier huh?
lll__::when every team in the west has a full training camp?!  are you kidding me? no practice hurts young teams the most. If anything, Utah is going to be in the top tier of the West next year.
eazyt_971::for 4 games. 5 if they get lucky.
camjones56::Jesus? I didn't know that you knew the future, I hope that B I T C H karma makes your team suck forever.
eazyt_971::I agree. Hope is good. But unlike your owner our owner can make these things happen. And he said he will. Just watch.
Free Alec Burks Returns::Probably not, but at least you have some hope. That's always good.
eazyt_971::Remember the summer following the 99 lockout season?  Traded for Scottie Pippen and Steve Smith. Watch what we do this summer. Major moves are coming. I swear it. Portland will be so much better than Utah next season.
Free Alec Burks Returns::Blazers 0 games. Plus you guys won't make it for another 6 years. Sucks to suck huh?
Free Alec Burks Returns::lol $@%! you bro. The pick will be decided with a coin toss. Have fun watching the Jazz in the playoffs.
Eliminate_the_BCS::Screw you.
14nba14j::Alright everybody, those two dunks in a row by Evans were awesome!!
Millslapped::Next stop, San Antonio. Let's GO JAZZ!!!!
Utah_Dirtbiker::LMAO @ Matthews and Smith's reactions when the refs didn't call a foul at the end.
Geo_Aggie::Lol, Luke Babbitt... I remember him when he played for Nevada. Nice to see he still can't score a win over teams in Utah :) Great player though.
GoTmJazz52::Way to go JAZZ the Win for the rest of the season. CONGRATS!
DB.503::who has the ball?
Sandy_Thomas136956::play daily fantasy free   Great NBA tournaments every day: http://bit.ly/IfDkEf
Millslapped::They should just have a Top 10 Jeremy Evans edition
FerociousFronius::That dude can fly!
davidbissonnette50::i cant believe this game will go over 200 -I'm gonna lose big
FerociousFronius::Still a chance it holds under 200. Oh and don't gamble.
masala716::where is roymullins?
masala716::Metta $@%! on yo face.
Supaman670::Are the Tropics in the playoffs?
ghettoslider::okay thanks.. its too bad that corbin doesnt know what day they are going to play.. i think that could have helped him decide how long to play the veterans/starters
ghettoslider::sat or sun?? do they not know yet?? is the schedule out??
FerociousFronius::Well all teams and matchups aren't determined yet but it should be sometime tomorrow.
ghettoslider::does anyone know when the jazz/spurs series starts????????????????????????
FerociousFronius::sat or sun
ghettoslider::is that from the will ferrell movie??
FerociousFronius::And yes it is the Will Ferrell movie Semi-Pro. Everybody Love Everybody!
ghettoslider::what day does the jazz/spurs series start??
Tyler Christensen::sunday
dogs::Jazz should rest their starters
seanjohnw::Jazz suck
seanjohnw::No i'm mad cause I actually like this young Jazz team ... to me it makes no sense to throw this game like its nothing .. Utah has had a bunch of injuries they should be playing this game to get everyone in flow with one another its stupid
AceyUT::they did play the injured dudes a few mins.. jazz will be just fine.
FerociousFronius::Ahh all right. I hear ya
FerociousFronius::Hater^^
seanjohnw::Thats it Utah go into the playoffs coming off a loss your pathetic
seanjohnw::No I wouldn't those teams didn't barely make the playoffs and have playoff experience ... Utah is a totally different story
FerociousFronius::But they still made the playoffs and they start on Saturday. Gotta give some rest to the starters and not risk injury. Everyone is on the same page.
FerociousFronius::Dude, it's one game. Would you say the same thing about Miami, Dallas, Spurs who are also resting players and taking a loss?
davidbissonnette50::will this game go over 200?
ghettoslider::it kind of bugs me that raja bell and josh howard are miraculously healthy now that its playoff time.. we need all the help we can get but its hard to integrate new players back into the lineup when they havent played in so long.. they are going to be rusty and the other players are not used to playing with them right now.. and i have a feeling now that they're healthy corbin is going to go back to his 12 man rotation for the playoffs which only heightens the difficulty of getting comfortable playing with each other and knowing each others tendencies and movement.. the start of the playoffs is not a good time to start changing line ups and puting new players in the line up/old players back in the line up
davidbissonnette50::i'm gonna friggin puke if it goes over 200
seanjohnw::if your Utah your young and inexperienced and should want to head into the playoffs with some momentum... they do not deserve to sit and rest anyone for what? they are lucky to even be in the playoffs what a joke bring out the brooms San Antonio
marcus-s2981::quit talking about last year, the spurs have a completely different roster, and a bunch of young guys now..new season.
ghettoslider::memphis beat the spurs last year but  even thought the jazz and the grizzlies both have deep front courts the grizzlies backcourt was/is alot better than the jazz (conely, mayo, allen, etc..)
seanjohnw::it will be the most lopsided playoff series in the NBA i guarantee it
FerociousFronius::We'll have to see about that. Utah is real good at home too. I'm not even a Utah fan.
seanjohnw::what are you smoking seriously?... the Spurs have the deepest team in the league they can win with their bench... also they are the #1 seed with older veterans they deserve and have every right to rest up ... the Jazz will be overmatched
FerociousFronius::It's not about savvy, it's about who is more physical and can grind it out for 40+ minutes on the floor. I'm not sure if Duncan can do that anymore. I know Spurs will win the series but I don't see Utah going down without a fight.
seanjohnw::San Antonio is much better than last year .. I'm not even a Spurs fan and I know this .... Jefferson will get shut down by the savvy Duncan ... Spurs will run them out of the gym
FerociousFronius::Last year... All about matchups man. ZBO and Marc Gasol's size caused problems, Utah has a lot of the same with Millsap, Big Al, Favors.
FerociousFronius::Utah can make it a 6 game series easily. Utah's size will cause problems for Spurs I can guarantee you that. And the Spurs don't have any momentum themselves as they are resting players too.
bostoeknee::What's happened to Hayward? Benched for the night?
FerociousFronius::Last game of season, game is almost meaningless.
SFEST13::Hickson is solid.
Mindy_Reeve86887::Play me head to head in a FREE fantasy sports matchup and you can cash 5 bucks:   http://bit.ly/JI3vWx
