stgoat::LMAO
ken3572::yeah buddy
mikee8585::Good god the Bobcats have lost 50 games already. Only 14 wins, 2 of them against the C's? Interesting world we live in
ThunderHornz::Damg Boncats! Well done!
big1366::i wish we played the celtics every game!!!!!!!!!!!
Syrindge::Glad you don't!!!
msutj::Hey Bobcats.How come you signed Durrel Summers for one week,than Waived him?
malaik0::how did boston lose by 26? MJ played by them ?
leeset16::Will the CELTICS ever b sweet again?
posse_up::either this is a typo on the scores, or the world is coming to an end....
Im Not Impressed::at all.
ToTheTop61::Ive been following a betting system thats called SportsBettingStar a few months back.  Since I joined this system, ive doubled my earnings in just 60 days using it.  You can find this system on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
ToTheTop61::I've been following a bet system called SportsBettingStar a few months back. Since I started playing this system I have doubled my money in just two months. You can find this system on the first page of google if you search the words Sports Betting System.  I recommend this system to anyone that likes to bet on sports like I do
leeset16::u no the celtics suck if they lose 2 the wackest team in the nba
Road dog Red::The Celtics are their Shepherd, the Henderson's shall not want
soldier00013::hahahaha fack the celtics
Road dog Red::C'mon... HARLEM SHAKE IT
Road dog Red::Ummm.. WRONG again... as usual...and stop shivering like a chihuahua dog ... its unseamly
Road dog Red::oh... look at you...groveling
soldier00013::no who is he?
Celtics1634::You don't even know who Zo is!
soldier00013::of course all heat fans started being fans in 2010. sorry clown i go back to the days of g-money and steve smith. nice try though
Celtics1634::Just because you've been a fan since lebron arrived doesn't mean there aren't real fans out there.  Get lost troll
soldier00013::clown you have been running your mouth for 3 years now time to shut up you have already proven to be a moron
Road dog Red::The Hendersons (Gerald Sr &amp; Jr) owe the Celtics everything they have every got in life
Road dog Red::At Thanksgiving they ought to bow their heads and pray to Celtics
Road dog Red::Gerald Henderson... HE GOT GAME... NOT
Road dog Red::lol
Celtics1634::You're dumb!
Road dog Red::Was that Michael Jordan out there wearing a Gerald Henderson jersey
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Ouchies. How embarrassing!
Celtics own the heat.::I miss Rondo, Sullinger and Barbosa :(
Road dog Red::Totally
Drummer2393::how the hell did the celtics manage to lose to the worst team in the NBA? what kind of $@%!$@%! is that ?
AGirlThatLovesSports_::every team is beatable in this league.
Road dog Red::lol
Swade_ND_Shade::Don't look now but the Bobcats are on a one game winning streak.
Road dog Red::Heh heh heh Doc is going to have fun with this one...
Road dog Red::The Bobbies WAXED them... it was so ugly it was comical
Road dog Red::LMAO..... They LOOKED like CRAP
rondo2KG::Also, Gerald Henderson looks like Derek Fisher 2.0  I would love him on the C's off the bench.
rondo2KG::Terrence Williams blew last night.  Doc kept forcing every play threw Jeff Green.  KG is slumping.  9 of past 11 games on the road.    Pretty easy to understand why they lost, they didn't even show up.
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::I ain't trippin, spurs are the top seed and the blazers dropped 46pts on them in the 4th and beat them by 30. That's a worst lost if you ask me
Saaywuttdogg::Glad i had to work all night..  Celtics need to regroup and get there heads back in the game.
Celtics1634::I like it more when we win
wilfordbrimley22::Thanks doc. Probably just lost my fantasy playoff matchup.
gaspara112::I think Henderson might be fighting for his job. Since McLemore looks like the top pick right now and Bobcats are finally due for one, Henderson need to put on a show to change their mind.
Celtics1634::Henderson probably can't wait to leave!  Went to college in the same state as well, so he's probably looking to get out
robology::AI would have made the Bobcats semi-watchable this year.  Here's to tanking for another lottery pick.
corydac::What the f&amp;ck?
jakerules11001100::You just never know what to expect out of boston.. It amazes me how up and down they have been this year
warrdizzle::Shabanga!
I Bleed Celtics Green::That was as bad as it gets for Boston. It was so bad, I wore a brown paper bag into work this morning. J/K, but seriously awful performance, just awful. They'll get the win tonight and all will be forgotten, at the end of the day, it's just one game.
IN_Cognito00::Call it a done season Boston...When Charlotte whomps on you like this you might as well pack it in.
Matty Ice Ice Romo::am I reading this score right??? WTF Boston???????
fearthechicken2012::Wow, this is embarrassing. Bobcats not only the worst team but the worst franchise. Kemba Walker is the new version of Kwame Brown, thanks Michael! C's need to avoid the 8th seed to make it to the second round.
Scraps McMasters::Time for the Bobcats to make their patented late season push! Don't get caught sleeping....Seriously, the biggest takeaway for me is, Josh McRoberts starts in the NBA?
Celtics1634::Hey don't hate on the Duke guys
Mike91836::Celts want 8th seed so they can knock the Cheat out for the year in the 1st round. Then they can coast from there to banner #18. Cake.
IN_Cognito00::I like to post fantasy situations on comment boards too. We have a shared hobby!
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Uh, what the hell?!
twinsfan184::Boston gets beat and you have to dig deep on ESPN to find the story.
Celtics1634::Or you could just scroll to the top and look at where they keep all the scores
SFCROB1369::I will give the Bobcats their due but not their fans. At the end of the season the Bobcats will be sitting and the celtics will be playing.
JvrZulu::Celtics will play only 4 more games than the bobcats
ByzantineX::Lol. I doubt that.
GoTigers2015::Guys, stop acting like this is an upset. Charlotte has by far owned Boston this year, if the Celtics manage to even it up, I'm sure they will throw a parade in Boston to commemorate the outstanding achievement
ESPN 1 BABY::Ladies and Gentleman.....the biggest threat to the Heat YOUR BOSTON CELTICS....LMAO
Ladies_Man1990::Lol... Stephen A. and Skip stay on the Celtics band wagon
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Yeah but their wishy washy, Stephen A. Smith is a heat fan and skip bayless is a San Antonio, OKC fan. SMH
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Just for the record, our team captain Paul Pierce had the night off. He's been our best player since rondo has been out!
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::It's not, if PP played he would have got at least 18+ points which would have made the score even closer and add some assists and we got an even score.
j.batsche32::no excuse man im a huge celts fan but no excuse
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Bobcats &gt; Celtics
junoJX::you know you suck when u lose by 26 to the worst team in the league LMAO
