Chinabest::Kevin Durant are MVP so far. He not stay too long tho. To stay top at hard is. In China we believe Lakers that are they best coming from NBA. Listen ok? Kobe coming ;)
camnewtonsbrokeoldman::for all you losers who think durant is classy look up his tatoos
HowlitzterHank::Real classy reaction after making that shot.
Joe six pack and a bag of chips::I'm sorry south siders,Durant is the MVP.
camnewtonsbrokeoldman::rus wes plays there too so does cook that team is stacked no way
camnewtonsbrokeoldman::Durant has some awsome tatoos
OFrog::"They'll come now, mother! He came after the girl, and now someone will come after him. Please mother, it's just for a few days, just for a few days so they won't find you!"
camnewtonsbrokeoldman::he doesnt have any he has class
OFrog::'Norman, Norman, don't you dare put me down in that fruit cellar again!"
camnewtonsbrokeoldman::thats what i thought but search his stomach and back tatooes he's jusr like the others
HowlitzterHank::New nickname: "Kevin Duranthropology Major"  Thoughts?
openminded43::It's amazing how STUPID teams are covering last second inbound plays!!!
Clenbutador::After 3 games, it definitely shows that Chandler was the real MVP for the mavs last season.
Johnson95135::Lamar Odom got replaced by two white guys and a few million in salary.  Dallas was robbed!
peezyfreshbaby57::What a shot!!!! OKC is KD's Team! Westbrook needs his own team! Here's the trade Westbrook for Dwill!!  Perfect trade!
camnewtonsbrokeoldman::dude nobody wants to play there Williams would just leave as a free agent like durant will in a few years
OFrog::Except the Nets are using D Will to entice D How. If D How gets traded somewhere else, them maybe.
bojo87::liked the fact that perkins set a moving screen so Durant could take the final shot to win it... sorry refs but that is illegal and the shot shouldnt have counted. Call it next time.
OFrog::I'm sure Joey Crawford just put you on speed dial.
dikkums6::Reigning Champ or Chump? http://wp.me/p1Fq45-4h
Chinabest::I agrees. Kevin Durant are scary much very. But no match for laker as they has heart. At least opinion of China in majority it is believed
OFrog::I could not have said that any better. Well maybe, what did you say?
IceBlazer::Vince Carter: Yeah!!! In you face! I just revitalized my career and will sign a max contract next and... what!? Oh no Durant!!! You just killed me!!!
DoubleClutch95::Vince Carter has always been clutch! Thank you for the link.
TheGoodDoc365::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4TZEw20uQM
HeatandSteelersFanfor15years::If Miami wins it all people will say :IT WAS ONLY 66 GAMES ITS NOT FAIR!!!: If they win again they will say the teams are old now! They could win 8 but people would still call them the worst
ichigo1783::I seriously doubt people would call them the worst if they win 8 championships. LMAO. However, until they win a championship they just need to keep playing. Which is exactly what they seem to be doing. I don't see them winning this year though.
OFrog::As of right now they could cakewalk through the East while the West looks very tough.
bigryan73::mavs r getting better
HowlitzterHank::Looked like a real tough gay after he hit that shot, hit the gym pencil arms.
drinkinkoolaid::Mr pencil arms lead the league in scoring for 2 years, and is well on his way to win  a third time in a row (hello michael jordan territory) as he's put up 30 + each of the first 4 games
Sacjai::And actually, Jordan had pencil arms when he was young.  Muscular Jordan did not emerge until several years into his career.
meloncabron::Let the internet genius and his trolling moment pass on through.
winterfresh98::For your consideration  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UQU0P_Rwm8&amp;feature=youtu.be
Paul 3601::spurs own texas mavs dont so suck it
drinkinkoolaid::mavs started out slow but they still own texas.  if they are still stinking it up in a couple weeks, the tables may have turned.
OFrog::Like they owned Rockets last night?
OFrog::Spurs are like Lakers, Boston, Suns, Mavs. All aging rosters with little to no young talent to step up. They had their decade.
jpware11::that's why mavs are 0-3? $@%!
jpware11::MAVs are a lottery team this season and focusing too much on trying to get D.Howard and D.Will in the end not getting either. Bunch of losers!
OFrog::Not last season and plan might work. I don't think resigning Chandler and Berea for big bucks long term was a good move. Time will tell.
OFrog::Maybe, I doubt anyone is going to get fired after winning a title, beating the favored Heat.
jpware11::too big of a gamble...Mavs GM and whole front office should be fired if this idea doesn't happen..
Oilcan1974::Seattle did the right thing by drafthing this superstar.
Ryan65710::it was a no brainer everyone knew he was a stud
OFrog::Are you saying Portland had no brains?
Mitchell2104::With 1.4 seconds left, you absolutely know Durant is getting that ball. How does Dallas not get someone on him? Dallas would've been better off doubling him and leaving the passer alone.
moflo02::they probly figured, let him get the ball if hes gonna have to take a 30 foot fadeaway most likely anyways. but yes they probly should have doubled him but then they wouldve tried to go to a big man down low probably and 2 wouldve won it anyways.
OFrog::The 1 point lead did play into the defense. You have to defend the rim against a lob or lay up. Guy made a great shot with a defender right there. Can't fault the D there.
Bomill01::I feel bad, that was the most important thing Vince Carter had done in 5 years.
DoubleClutch95::Vince Carter has done more than u could ever do in your lifetime...
socialsatyr11::You shouldn't feel bad. You should feel like an idiot for saying, "you feel bad." Vince Carter was a physical beast but everyone gets old.  Hopefully, you're brain is aging as I type..
OFrog::I thought his tanking in Raptorland was kind of important.
pval22::Durant pushed off to get open for the last shot. great shot once he got there, but he pushed off to get away from the defender in the first place
pval22::great argument...think of that one all by yourself or did your mommy have to help you out?
asoltanizad::youre pathetic
pval22::dude extends his arms to get seperation from a defender, what do you call it then?
drinkinkoolaid::I just watched it again.  I didnt see a push off.  It looked like the beginning of what might be, but that wasnt a pushoff.
pval22::watch the tape
drinkinkoolaid::strange nobody else noticed that
DreamTeamEaglesPhillies::anyone else notice how much kevin durant is balding? steriods? hgh? guy looks like he is 65
eddyslick::Dumbest thread of the day, right here /\  /\
Major Factuh::Durant can't bench 185 he's not on steroids...
cjones191::it could just be stress u know, acne and balding can be caused by high amounts of stress
DreamTeamEaglesPhillies::lol at the reaction
OFrog::Washburn, that's the ticket. Some analysts say the second biggest bust in NBA history. Guy was something else, never went to classes, scored 500 on sat. Word was without the coke he could not play.
OFrog::There was a guy, Charles Shackleford I think. He used to powder his nose before games and at the half. Played great until it wore off.
OFrog::Nope, not him. Guy that was on Atlanta when nique was there. I'll remember someday.
OFrog::I'm sorry dream, I thought you were just some random meat gazer.
drinkinkoolaid::Yea , durant is obviously on steroids. just look at him!
OFrog::I know, stick man, that was the farthest thing from my mind.
OFrog::Until he has a balloon head like Barry Bonds I think he is clean and clear. ;)
moflo02::bosh is technically a possibility because he has bulked up but u have to assume hes just been lifting. but he is a big man and thats the only reason i could see a basketball player on roids
OFrog::Bosh bulked up quite a bit offseason. I guess you could look for unnatural weight gain. I don't think juicing would help that much in the NBA. Bennies, any uppers even caffeine.
moflo02::but its hard to find suspects, its not like any NBA players are rapin.g people in the backfield or hitting a baseball 500 feet or throwing 105 mph.
OFrog::MLB and especially NFL bulk up for power bursts. I don't think I have ever heard of NBA player juicing. They smoke the maryjane and coke. That did not even cross my mind. Good point though, I guess they should test for it.
moflo02::i do too, most NBA players arent on roids idt. if he was looking upset and ready to burst on the court... then id be worried.
DreamTeamEaglesPhillies::wow you obviously didnt notice it, so why are you responding to me, im trying to talk to people who noticed it too, not people who dont and are upset by it, LMFAO!
moflo02::OFrog, i think he was referring that those are signs of hgh.
OFrog::Let me check, the guy is one of the best NBA players in the world, and you are ignoring his court talents and are looking him over for personal apperance flaws? Do you stare at the bulge in his shorts also?
DreamTeamEaglesPhillies::no, just noticed the guy is balding
OFrog::And the acne? He is a 23 year old kid. Who gives a sheet what he looks like, is he a male model?
DreamTeamEaglesPhillies::plus a lot of acne early in his career (steroids)
OFrog::Is this some kind of how attractive NBA players are to me thing?
ZachC1965::I personally would have swished that last shot, but that's just me...Durant's a good player too...
t3nn1sguy88::looking through these comments I'm seeing a lot of ignorant fans acting like the Mavs are done at 0-3 and the Thunder have already won the West 4 games into the season...smh
OFrog::The Mavs have screwed the pooch. Even Lamar has fallen apart. I still like OKC to win the West, but they have some issues. The Mavs sacrificed this season for long term.
OFrog::The Mavs bench was a bonafide disaster. They are lucky to have Delonte. Roddy has gone from high hopes to DNP. Cuban put some band aids on the roster to position himself for big score. And I am no Mav hater, I had them at 22-1 last year to win it all.
baseballdude730::yea Lamar is pissed he got traded from LA....once he gets over that he will be a good guy off the bench
t3nn1sguy88::Little early to say Lamar isn't gonna turn it around.  But I gotta agree with OKC as favorite in the West.  The West just isn't as strong at the top as it used to be.
t3nn1sguy88::here is my take.  Being a Mavs fan for a long time I've seen us win playoff series as the 7th seed in the playoffs and lose playoff series as the 1st seed.  I just don't take the regular season to mean much.  Especially in a short season where half of the Mavs players have been with the team for about 10 days now
baseballdude730::I think they have a chance but the Heat and Thunder are younger and more athletic.....that is why one of them will win...this is coming from a Mavs fan
ZachC1965::Mavs have literally no chance to win again. The hunger's gone...and the chemistry's not the same...
baseballdude730::*rutgers
baseballdude730::dnt now if you guys follow college basketball but routers beat Florida last night......its called an upset....when talking about them u hear the statement any team can beat any team on any given day
baseballdude730::idk u tell me what my response says
t3nn1sguy88::Anything can happen once the playoffs start.  who knows who will be playing well then
b_swanson1994::Can you argue with that?
baseballdude730::no I'm encouraged by the turnaround they had from the first two games
b_swanson1994::your ENCOURAGED by the TOTAL effort put forth in 3 losses so far?
eric_the_actor1::Mavs are OK. They played much better last night.
KungFuHustle1981::Perkins did a good job guarding Dirk, Kendrick Perkins has gotten alot better this year.
drinkinkoolaid::Much of the dynamic that he brings to the floor is not seen in stat sheets.  He forced dirk to throw up bad shots that didnt fall.  Then thunder get the rebound,  and score the ball.  That's a positive effect he has. He clogs the paint making it difficult to make those higher percentage shots.  He's perfect for this 4-0 team.
OFrog::The +/- numbers don't lie. The measurement is team dynamic for that 5 players on the court, for the game.
KungFuHustle1981::Dirks going to get his, there isn't a player in the game who can totally shut Dirk down.
drinkinkoolaid::He can be shut down for a game or two, but true nobody can keep the german down too long
OFrog::Perk did close to nothing. 1 block and 4 boards. and that was all a wash with his 6 turnovers. He was -16 +/- for the Thunder. That is better than what?
baseballdude730::yea and Dirk had 29 points
OFrog::He had one of the worst +/- of the Thunder, had 6 turnovers and zero assists. To be blunt, they played better with him on the bench.
KungFuHustle1981::Kevin Durant is the best player in the NBA.
OFrog::KD is a great scorer, he could get better in other areas.
drinkinkoolaid::durant is one of the best.  top 5 for sure, maybe top 3 or 4.  But lebron is currently the best , and will probably be the best for at least the next 5 year or so until he starts his decline.
drinkinkoolaid::Well, he's a better passer,  better rebounder, better post player, better at driving it to the hoop.  He's bigger, stronger, and faster. He can play every position on the court except center.  Dont get me wrong, i love durant and the thunder, but I cant deny that lebron is the best in the league.    He does it all. He makes all his teammates better.  Durant is getting better at that, and he'll win mvps. but he  just isnt the complete basketball player that lebron is.  The main thing durant has over him is that he's a better pure shooter.  But as I said, with his skillset, lebron does not have to score 30 ppg to kill you.
KungFuHustle1981::How is Lebron better than Durant?
DreamTeamEaglesPhillies::hardly
KungFuHustle1981::Who is? Kobe or Lebron right?
sega222222::agreed
OFrog::Memo to NBA: Enough of Joe Crawford already. He thinks he is bigger than the game. He has a severe egomaniac problem, has for years. Blew the Christmas NY/Celt game, and now tosses out 6 t's like they are candy in another nationally televised game. His issues are getting old.
eddyslick::A real commissioner would give him a resounding SLAP to the dome, and tell him to either shape up or gtfo.
ZachC1965::That is so true, and the guy has very close ties to Tim Donaghy.
KungFuHustle1981::Joey Crawford was the MVP of the 2010 Lakers/Celtics Finals.
b_swanson1994::you cant mouth off to the officials no matter what official it is.  Stop making excuses
OFrog::Excuses for what? For his long term bad officiating? For his calling out Tim Duncan to fight and getting suspended? for blowing the Christmas game for Boston? I am not alone in this opinion. Guy thinks he is bigger than the game.
OFrog::Great win hides a lot of ugliness. To be honest, the bench was the unsung hero here. They demolished Dallas's bench. But turnovers just cannot be ignored. how does Perk have 6? I didn't know he even got that many touches. Having zero assists and six turnovers is not a good thing. KD had 6, Westbrook 7. As a team they had more turnovers than assists. Many were unforced, just sloppy play. I don't want to pop the enthusiasm balloon but elite teams don't play like that, they take care of the rock.
drinkinkoolaid::I look at the W in the w/l column.  I see 4-0.  I see a team making up for mistakes and overcoming them.  I see a young team in the 4th game of a short season.  They just beat two really good teams in two consecutive days.  They  need to take better care of the ball- but they will be fine.
OFrog::My point is they need to clean that up. They should not have to overcome self inflicted errors. I look at the box and I see a serious problem that could be corrected so they would not need last second heroics. Can you honestly tell me that assist/turnover ratio is elite?
drinkinkoolaid::elite teams find ways to win ,  even when they are playing like crap.   it was also the 4th game in 5 days.  the coach and players admitted to being completely drained
OFrog::Elite teams take care of the ball. They are not turnover machines no matter how tired or drained they are. There are alot of things you can excuse, not unforced turnovers. And 6 from Perk?
b_swanson1994::Well said sir
sega222222::Does anyone else think they gotta find a way to play Daequan Cook  at the same time with Durant and Westbrook because now you space the floor with the threat of his three and now you can't double Durant and opens driving lanes for Westbrook too? Harden will get his no matter when he plays
drinkinkoolaid::sg for thunder is not a weak spot.  thabo is a top tier defender, and his offensive game has really picked up over the off season.  see his 3 pointers?  harden, well, enough said about him.  cook is the 3rd sg, and he's a 40% 3 point shooter.   doesnt look like much of a  weak link,  so if that's their weakest link, they are fine.
OFrog::sg is the weakest link by far.
OFrog::sg is the biggest hole in Thunders roster. Thabo the starter is usually close to an empty line. Maybe he is afraid to shoot. Cook is the opposite, and that really got him in Brooks dog house last season. Plus his D is less than stellar. Fairly decent depth everywhere else, but sg is weakest link by far.
OFrog::Thabo the defensive stopper was a brutal -19 +/- for the Thunder last night. He didn't score, did not help the team when he was on the floor. He was basically the worst player out there for them.
sega222222::Dude not true at all. Thabo is the defensive stopper we expect him to be the fact that he  is actually making three this year is like a bonus and that's also why Westbrook yelled at him the other day. BTW i was yelling at him too from my couch. But in case you didn't know this Harden is the shooting guard in a crunch time and end of 4th quarters when it counts. I am not counting this as a weakness. Only real weakness is no all the time low post player who can consistently challenge inside, I like Perk but his offensive game is not scaring people though he is playing well
ichigo1783::Only on those nights that Cook has hit a couple of 3's. If teams think he has gone cold he doesn't do much for OKC when he is on the floor. I will give it up to DqC though. He has played lights out this year. I thought it was a mistake resigning him, but I will admit so far I was way, way wrong.
mccoywajmu::Trade Russ for Eric Gordon Carl Landry and Jarrett Jack....Let Maynor start...Championship OKC
OFrog::No, basketball reasons. - David Stern
gonzodex::Kevin Durant is pretty awesome...almost like Brandon Roy all over again!
CALtakesUKallTHEway::MAVS are 0-3. Love it
baseballdude730::ok in the playoffs you play a lot of games in a little amount of days and in the season u will have to do this too....so being tired is no excuse
baseballdude730::Actually if you here anybody talk about the Mavs they say that losing Chandler was huge....and i can deal with that but when those young teams face us in a seven game series in the playoffs and we play like we did last nite....i think we have a decent chance at winning
drinkinkoolaid::people neglect to recall that the thunder were drained of energy after playing the 4th game in 5 days.  that was a factor in the poor play by thunder.
b_swanson1994::excuses.  CHAMPIONS play with the hand dealt and succeed regardless.  I dont hear the Mavs compaining about not having Chandler.  Just admit that the Mavs, for whatever reason, look to have aged 4 or 5 years in one offseason and will struggle with the young and fast teams in the NBA I.E.  Miami, OKC, Denver
baseballdude730::and we lost 6 players from our championship squad
baseballdude730::ok it may be but guess what....we played back to back got two days off....practiced mad hard and came back firing...and oh wait thats right....there are still 63 games left in the season
b_swanson1994::i guess the first 2 losses are not bad right?  Like Roll said, a loss is a loss and 0 -3 is the worst start from a defending champ in 43 years.
jared_heath::incorrect.  Worst start since 1972.  I was born that year, so it hasn't been 43 years $@%!$@%.
baseballdude730::I can agree with that....its just when people think 0-3 is bad when u lose to what looks like the best team in the Western Conference
RollWave87::Mavs still are a pretty good team to me though. Losing to OKC on the road as the defending champs... they played well. But a loss is a loss jack! Geaux Hornets
baseballdude730::oh I'm sorry forgot how stupid people are....its not the past....still the present....they still have the trophy don't they
baseballdude730::we won last season but we still haven't lost the trophy ergo, DEFENDING CHAMPS
b_swanson1994::That was last season so ergo, the past
b_swanson1994::last june, last season.  Whats going on NOW!!!  0 -3 and looking very old in 2 games and not defending the best player in the clutch
baseballdude730::Please.... i forgot that there was an NBA finals between now and last june
b_swanson1994::but they won LAST YEAR.  Thats all that matters to them.  LAST YEAR
sega222222::Only problem with the Thunder is that are so young that they just get to overly excited when up by a few points that no matter how much Brooks tries to reel them in they haven't developed that killer instinct to put teams away. As of right now still playing up and down to competition and still letting teams back into games they should win easily. I know it will come THUNDER FOR LIFE!
raven.5200::The Dallas Globetrotters
b_swanson1994::They are as old as the Globetrotters at least
raven.5200::Ive never seen a team make as many circus shots as the Mavs do.
RollWave87::^^what he said.
ichigo1783::That is all there team is made up of. Dirk has skill I will give him that, but Terry just pisses me off. They played pretty good defense overall, but a lot of that was so really sloppy play from OKC. Durant and Perkins will improve on their turnovers, Westbrook I hope will improve. If that happens then this team will win it all.  The only team beating OKC at this point is OKC themselves. If they play nearly mistake free basketball no one will even be within 10 points of them.
jared575757::not a heat fan, but i think it will be the thunder and heat in the finals
autumnwindz0::Durant is so much better then LeBron it makes me sick lol.
drinkinkoolaid::Im a Thunder fan through and through, but im not blind to believe durant is light years ahead of lebron.  sorry, he's the best overall player in the game.   he does it all.   durant is a better pure shooter, but he cant post up like lebron, cant pass like him, and cant really  outrebound him due to brute strength of lebron.  durant is awesome and he'll win some mvps, but he isnt lebron, nobody is.
RollWave87::just because Kevin Durant has a better 3 point shot does not mean that he is better than Lebron. You think he can beat him one on one?? I think not..
KungFuHustle1981::LMAO! It doesn't matter if Lebron can beat Durant one on one child, Kevin Durant is still the better player.
BigRRules::He made a nice shot last night, but we'll see who's on top in June.
autumnwindz0::I'd say the Heat are a better team due to they play with three all-stars on the same squad.  But Durant is light years ahead of LeBron.    I'm not stupid to say the Thunder are better then the Heat though.  Put Durant on the Heat last year and take LeBron off, the Heat have a championship.
baseballdude730::Can somebody tell me what the macs did wrong last nite that nobody thinks that they are going to be good.
baseballdude730::i dnt think so bro....when he makes that shot fading away from the basket again come and tell me because the percentage he had to make that is like 20%
b_swanson1994::Jalen Rose told you how to defend that shot.  KD is the best shooter in the league so short of fouling him, you have to do anything to stop him getting that shot off.  He had a clean look and he is 6'10.  KDs precentage to make that shot in that situation is fairly high
baseballdude730::its not bad when you play like they just did
b_swanson1994::Im not suggesting its given but you cant let KD take that shot AT ALL!
sega222222::agree with that but don't say its almost a given he makes that shot he is 23. Respect his game is getting better and he's still that young. Future continues to be blindingly bright.
b_swanson1994::if 0 -3 is good then enjoy that
baseballdude730::REALLLYYY????  KD hit that shot three times already....news to me....im not liven in the past...they are still the champs and we r still good
b_swanson1994::Stop living in the past.  This is a new year and KD is a better play than last year.  His team is better overall than last year and by the way, KD has done that 3 times in his young career.  KD is the new young gun of the NBA and has the ability to carry his team to the title.
baseballdude730::ok bro then tell me where Durant was in the Finals last year....oh wait thats right he was sitting at home watching it....dnt get me wrong i have complete respect for Durant, but that is the one time out of ten that he makes that shot....FACT!
b_swanson1994::GREAT players make GREAT plays in the clutch and dont worry about %  FACT!
sega222222::Still hatin' from last nite huh, reality check nobody's % for making that shot is high. FACT!
baseballdude730::the only thing that went wrong there is that they didn't take the man off the ball...Terry got a hand up and Marion was blocked by Ibaka on the way to Durant....tell what the percentage was he was making that shot
b_swanson1994::um....not defending the best pure shooter in the league with the game on the line?
baseballdude730::*mavs
Tiger is the Secret Blasian Man::Odom ate too much of Chloe's pork before the game
eQ2.0::The season has started Mavericks... In case you didn't get the memo.
Durant AKA F-35::……..…../´¯/)……….. (\¯`\  …………/….//……….. …\\….\  ………../….//………… ….\\….\  …../´¯/…./´¯\………../¯ `\….\¯`\  .././…/…./…./.|_……_| .\….\….\…\.\..  (.(….(….(…./.)..)..(..(. \….)….)….).)  .\…………….\/…/….\. ..\/……………./  ..\…………….. /……..\……………..…/  ….\…………..(………. ..)……………./
WddNews.com::You have a nice team OKC, but have a long ways to go.  The west is down this year and that will help get you to the finals, but don't punch your ticket yet.
drinkinkoolaid::The west is down? dude its 4 games into the season.  the west is very good at the top, just as the east.  It will be a real battle to get through the playoffs to the finals, for any team.  There is no easy road.
BigRRules::He should have wrote, The League is down.  Miami will probably walk through a weak league this year at about 60-6 and lose 2-3 games in the playoffs.  They are the only team that really looks good so far.
mark35345::Lamar Odom retired. It's pretty obvious.
Russell Westbrook shoots more than a VA Tech Student::Trade Westbrook that monkey should be selling Hondas
ichigo1783::And banned from ever posting again.
Durant AKA F-35::-----------------------------------------------------------------------THE OKLAHOMAN ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------------------WESTBROOK AWFUL AS THE THUNDER GO DOWN IN FLAMES--------------------------------------------------------------- DURANT FRUSTRATED------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------WESTBROOK B*TCHED SLAPPED              LEBRON EARNS FIRST CHAMPIONSHIP
hmac27::VINCE CARTER!!!! o wait KEVIN DURANT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Durant AKA F-35::Thunder opponents: 2-8 Margin of victory: 4.25 PPG
ichigo1783::Well considering they have played three playoff teams (the defending champs and one other team that played in the WD semi-finals) I think they are just fine. Also Minnesota is much, much better than they were last year.
lance_baldwin_lbst::It's actually significantly better but it doesn't matter anyway. The overall record of your opponent means nothing when you are as good as the Thunder. Kevin Durant will drop 30 on anybody.
Durant AKA F-35::is 2-4 really that much better
lance_baldwin_lbst::Kinda hard to win games when you're playing the Thunder...
teben33::I love OKC but the team would take it to the next level if Westbrook knew how to better distribute the ball. He doesn't really make his teammates better and he doesn't shoot well enough (42% for his career) to jack up as many shots as he does. When you have a guy like Durant on your team, you should be averaging 7 assists to him alone each night, not 7 assists in total. All of the main players on that team shoot a far better percentage than Westbrook, with the exception of Hardin, but that's fine too since he's a legit 3-point threat.  Westbrook has good D, but he would be FAR better focusing on learning how to create opportunities to set up his teammates with his speed and quickness, and if he got an attitude adjustment.
ichigo1783::Also remember that OKC had 25 turnovers, TWENTY-FIVE. That is insane that they still were even within 10 points at the end of it. Dallas should have ran away with this game. Get some perspective on how the game was won.
drinkinkoolaid::Umm , yea.  THey're in their 4th year of existence, what kind of standards can you hold to that?  They have been progressing each of the past 4 years, and look like they are going to take the west this year.  You are blinded by hatred if you cant even at least recognize that.    And yes they needed a last second shot by an all star to win.  So? That's going to happen to a lot of teams this year.  Last second shots are what legends are made of.      Perspective for OKC fans is the fact that nobody else is 4-0. They beat some good teams.  They went to the wcf last year, and until someone can prove they cant, they are going to go back again this year.  Please.
drinkinkoolaid::This team has leadership and the evidence of that leadership is in the results.
WddNews.com::The results of never being to the finals?  Lot of teams go 4-0 and never get anywhere.  They needed a last second shot last night to beat a team that was blown out in its 2 previous games.  A little perspective would help OKC fans.
lance_baldwin_lbst::And we went to the WCF last year and fought hard to get there. Durant is a leader and he doesn't need anyone guiding him that's for sure. He knows what it takes to win it all.
WddNews.com::Different ball game...different pressures.  Nazr?  Perkins was never a leader at Boston.  Durant has never been there and many stars never get over the hump...A Pierce or Allen or someone that has been through the wars would help this team alot.
lance_baldwin_lbst::Perkins actually does provide leadership and Nazr won one back in '07 with the spurs. He is a veteran who also provides leadership.
Durant AKA F-35::no, they need nothing, if they lose it's cause durant's not good enough
lance_baldwin_lbst::Bro he averaged 9 assists and was an all NBA second teamer last year. That's puts him behind only D Rose at his position and Westbrook had just as good if not better stats than rose in all areas. That's with the leading scorer in the league on his team! You think Westbrook doesn't help contribute to KD's 30 a night? It's been three games with only two weeks of camp he will be A-OK.
BigRRules::You have to be concerned about him under the pressures of the finals....OKC is a player away.  They need a steady seasoned veteran who's been through the wars to help guide Westbrook and Durant through.  Perkins has been there, but doesn't provide that leadership.  OKC has a nice team, but is missing a part to being a champion.
New York Fishdicks::If there's one thing I've learned off these boards, it's that people know nothing about the sport of basketball.
NotEvenMad::People DO know how to get extremely butt-hurt over the littlest things though, it's very laughable.
b_swanson1994::Well the "eye test" says that overall, Dallas is old, slow and can D up in the clutch
boom.shaka.::I also learned to never fight a land battle in Asia and to not get into a game of chance with a Sicilian when death is on the line.
ichigo1783::I learn something new everyday :D
cnoteice1906::Pretty much
