Matt Micros::Lin got pulled in the 3rd quarter when he tried to go coast to coast in the middle of a Knicks run and was stripped. A mistake, yes, but not one that warrants being benched for the entire 4th quarter. McHale is not only stunting his development by using him as a whipping boy time and again, but he is hurting the development of this team. Lin is the only player on the Rockets capable of carrying the team offensively if Harden is injured. The Rox have the talent to be a top 3 team but will battle for 5,6 or 7 because they have a bottom 3 coach.
Robert Wang::Well said, Matt
Rohan Ravishankar::mmm... not quite.  Lin got pulled because he can't defend, he's a scoring point, plain and simple. When the Rockets are healthy, Lin does much better coming off the bench, with Beverley subbing back in for his defense.  Bev is the player the Rockets have really been missing recently, you can't replace his hardnose style of play.
Laurence Chu::Rohan Ravishankar check out the defensive rating of lin and Beverly, the stat tells the story.
April Cikstean::You know, I always thought Lin-fans were overreacting whenever Lin got benched in the 4th quarter, but after tonight, I think they're onto something.
Ravi Mahalingam::You're right.  When you consider how well Lin has played in the 4th quarter for the Rockets over the past 2 years, it is baffling that he is on the bench while Aaron Brooks goes 1-8.  The only reason the Rockets won this game was because of JR Smith's stupidity.
Joe Hamedl::April, the last thing Knick fans should worry about is Lin when they have MANY problems to solve on their own team.
April Cikstean::Knick fans shouldn't worry about Lin, he's ours now. But our coaches can't seem to use him properly.
Denzel Boksingero::How can you bench a player who scored 14 points for 5-11 shooting for a back-up PG that's shooting 1-8 for 3 points?
Corey Smith::He plays zero defense, that's why.
Miki Ota::McHale just doesn't like Lin for whatever reason. As a point guard it is impossible to really dish out assists when Harden just turns the game onto a 1 on 5 dribble  contest at the end of every game. Harden is fools Gold, like a poor mans Carmelo. Rockets won't win anything with him. PG for the Rockets is the worst position in NBA.
Denzel Boksingero::Corey Smith, LOL. Did Udrih score any point on Lin during the first half? Yeah. Lin has "ZERO DEFENSE": he shuts down opposing PGs to zero point.
Kenson Kwok::J Lin played well in first 2 Qs, not very good in the 3rd, and got benched the rest of the way. That's really hurt a young player's confidence!!
April Cikstean::What is wrong with Kevin McHale? Benching Jeremy again in the 4th quarter of a close game? It's not like AB's on fire or anything either.
Mark Antwan::What are the Knicks doing no way Melo shouldn't be shooting for win or tie
Chingwen Huo::Did you actually watch the game?  Lin was terrible in the 3rd Q, and he is the main reason the Knicks went on a run to have a 8 points lead to close the 3rd Q,  that's why he got benched the whole 4th Q, the Knicks will have an easy win if Lin will play in the 4th Q.
Jeremy Williams::Mark Antwan actually melo got plenty of shots down the stretch, plenty that should of went to shumpert since he was obviously the hottest shooter tonight.
Jeremy Williams::HORRIBLE COACHING:  Shumpert is the hot hand down the stretch. All of a sudden ISO MELO comes back, the momentum goes right back to Houston.  They finally throw Sumpert a bone at the end, when they didn't have to be in that mess in the first place.
Spidey Pete::Melo IS the coach
Michael Huang::Don't blame JR, he's doing the best he can but he's just not that good.  The problem is coach Woodson keeps putting JR in the game and make the Knicks vulnerable to JR's incompetence.
Bob Shottaindeath::could not agree with you more
Joe Hamedl::No offense intended Knick fans but I call them like I see them ... JR Smith is nothing but a stupid thug checker!
Angelo Mendiola::jr smith talent = Lmao that's all.
Mark Antwan::Joe lol he's no thug but he is a j/k why would Melo Martin and Smith get back together didn't work in Denver definitely not in New York
Christopher L Lopez::There is no way THJR should be getting 11 mins while JR is getting 30 mins when he's shooting 3-13.
Angelo Mendiola::Billions of people also wish to know the answer. Oh Woodson is their coach. There you go lol
Tim Lewis::If we get rid of jr and woody,we'd go on a 30 game win streak.. promise...!
Tomas Bono::JR Smith has an IQ of 70. Tops.
Angelo Mendiola::He sucks! Lol seriously. Poor FG percentage. Poor shot selections. What else to say about this trash lol  a high level type of coach wouldn't let this guy go off like that.
Tim Lewis::Once again coaching at the end of the game rears it's ugly head. why not call the time out when they got the rebound with 17  seconds left,fire Woodson and cut your losses.
Mark Antwan::At Tim Lewis 2nd time he's done that he's gone one way or another
Leland Wong::That's what happens when Woodson listen to Melo and JR and get rid of Lin.
Ravi Mahalingam::Rockets got very lucky.  Aaron Brooks was 1/8 for the game while Jeremy Lin sat on the bench for the entire 4th quarter and somehow the Rockets won because the colossal stupidity of JR Smith.
Shanny Salcedo::you won because the Knicks are the worst team in the league
Dennis Lynch::Once and for all....GET RID OF JR SMITH NOW!!!!!!!
Angelo Mendiola::Hahhaha lol
Matthew Lor::Lin's gonna have a monster game!
Leland Wong::Lin is crap most of the time he looks like a high school caliber player, playing alongside JH.
Matthew Lor::Leland Wong we shall see. youre just racist.
Matt Micros::Leland. While you are entitled to your opinion, your opinion moronic. He's better than anyone the Knicks have except Melo and TC. And you could make an argument that he's a better team player than Melo.
Figaro Tsai::Even though Rockets win this game, some potential problems need solving. First, their team defense has many spaces to improve. Then the head coach is too conservative and too dependent on Harden and Parsons. Rockets need better head coach if they want to be more competitive in the postseason. The current condition can't let Rockets win the championship. They need change.
Joshua Hsu::how does that happen AGAIN just a few weeks after bargnani shot too quickly. fundamentally unsound teams are the product of terrible coaching. woodson needs to be completely responsible once again.
Timothy J. Casey::Can't blame the coach too much on this one. Low iq players will make low iq plays. The Knicks got good plays going and mixed it up well down the stetch, getting it to the hot hand in Shump on one play and then getting the ball to Melo where he drew the defense and kicked it to the corner but Beno didn't shoot it.  The blame should be on JR more so than anyone. Tied ball game, 22 seconds left, the shot clock is off. Unless you're wide open under the rim, you hold the ball for the last shot. It should've gone to OT at least from there.
Tim Lewis::No coaching ,that's how..!
Denzel Boksingero::Jeremy Lin and Dwight Howard are the only saving grace in this game for the Rockets. The rest of the Rockets including the bench is outperformed by the Knicks. And James Harden is acting as the PG again.
Terry Jackson::J smith smoking that Sherm can't see the Rimm lol
William B-knowledge Peterson::JR SMITH SUCKS
Joe Hamedl::William, tell us something we don't know!
Angelo Mendiola::Hahhaha last 3 possessions all but 3 pointers lol is he dreaming of beating ray Allen's record?? Lol when he's on he court I laugh cause he's skills are laughable
Randy Ragsdale::The Rockets are one of the few teams in the NBA that depend greatly on four stars to lead their second units: Harden, Howard, Lin and Parsons. What a luxury it is to have four stars on your team who individually can lead your second unit when you rest your starters.
Mark Sugimoto::The league needs to get rid of conferences. It's a disgrace that a team as bad as the Knicks, Nets, Bobcats, etc. should even be close to a playoff spot.
Curtis Cuffie::Cause of one season? Please stfu...
Michael Fields::I know the Raptors are laughing that we gave them a 1st rounder for this sorry mf
Cam Lau::Jeremy Lin has got to have the shortest leash in the NBA. What the hell, benched the entire 4th because of a TO? He was having a very efficient game up to the point. He kept Aaron Brooks in despite him going 1-8 to spite Lin. They might've won the game to make McHale look good, but they were one bonehead JR Smith play away from not. Jeremy Lin needs to stand up and stop being so humble and demand a goddamn trade. His career is over if he plays one more season under McHale.
Wally Rouzer::bulls are looking for a point gaurd rose is out for the season
Leland Wong::McHale and his three black assistant coaches are racist against Lin, Lin needs to go somewhere else. Bulls would be a good fit for Lin.
Alphonso Darnelle Polk::take him to Chinese League that's where he belongs he would be All Star there he cant guard black people plain and simple
Pradeep Govindasamy::I literally just got hit by a bus on my motorcycle and come back home to see my buckeyes lose and a surprising score against the knicks.  A win is a win, but the Rockets should be putting up better numbers especially at home.  I am a JL fan, I want to see him play more and I think they are a better team when he facilitates more and gets more minutes.  It would be awesome to see him a Bulls uniform.  I'd definitely come to Chicago to see that when I get back to the states.  Good game Rockets!
Josh Schwartz::To be fair, the Knicks DID have all their pieces back: Shumpert, Anthony, Chandler, Smith, Stoudemire. So, I'm not too shocked this one was close. But, the better team won, and the Rockets gutted it out at home thanks to yet another strong performance from Harden. Great job Rockets!
