Michael Scott Beck::5/23?  Hayward been hanging out with Kobe or something?
Steve Blesson::lol
David Bitton::I will be at the game with my Duncan jersey and my girlfriend will be sporting my Ginobili jersey!!! I just want a good game.  But a blow out from the spurs would be nice too.  GO SPURS GO!!!
Turner York::AAAAAAAAnnnnnnnnnddddddddd here comes San Antonio's clutch play to put them right back in it.
Frank Hernandez::Great job SAN ANTONIO SPURS    : )
Chad Wiggins::how about them spurs lol
Michael Martinez::GO SPURS!!!!!
Nerissa C. Valido::Kawhi handcuffed Hayward in the 4th Q well done San Antonio Spurs
Dave Green::I hope the Jazz put up a good fight. They are on track to draft Wiggins or Parker so the losses aren't bothering me much.
Keaton Dye::I hope they don't get screwed by the lottery!
Adam Littlefield::I'm just glad it's a home game so I can get 10 chicken nuggets and a big drink for 2 bucks at mcdonalds.........
Krysta Carter::yes sire got mine also!
Frank Hernandez::Spurs are putting the finishing touch.... this is where they win... in the 4th!
Maineone Da Onlyone::Laugh at u clowns Spurs Are Elite Watch We Win by Double Digits Still.....
Chad Wiggins::bettter :-)
Ed DeSalle::NOBODY can beat the Heat in a 7 game series! N*O*B*O*D* Y!
Jesse Hiatt::You're right... the Heat will probably get beaten in 6 lol
Keaton Dye::I think the way the pacers are playing right now they might take em down in 5
Carlos Thomas::Yes, we already know that the NBA is fixed, and that they always favor the Heat.
Keaton Dye::Spurs come up big in the 4th, Good D by Kawhi on Hayward.
Ed DeSalle::Heat 4 Spurts 3! Case Closed! BAM!
Mike Wagener::Heat 4 what?  i know you're not talkijng championships because the SPURS have 4 and the HEAT have 3.  HEAT won't be hanging one this year, thats for sure, they're not even the best team in the east.
Ed DeSalle::Mike Wagener Spurts never won 2 in a row Nancy! Heat will be in their FOURTH in a row this year winning their Third. Move along!
Christopher Couser Dc::Still trolling? smh
Jeremy Lugo::GOOO!!!!! SPURS!!!!! GOOOO!!!!!
Frank Hernandez::Spurs 9-1 .. GO SPURS!!!!!!
Ramona Gallegos Cortez Cosby::Utah is a YOUNG  team.. so be gentle
Angelina Gallegos Shaw::Go JAZZ!
Curtis Staten::The heat is over rated..
Tiffany Mcclendon::Hey stranger how u doin
Frank Hernandez::go Spurs!!!
Jesse Hiatt::With Tim Duncan struggling, Parker is the real threat... even more so since the Jazz will probably continue to start Lucas even though he's been sucking. I predict the Jazz to lose because Parker is going to have a field day.
Manuel Paulino::Guys  is this for real!  Utath killing the Spurs.  Sounds like lots of money in it.  Utath can not even score and here they look like an NBA team  Here we go Vegas maybe after the half the SPURS are allow to score some points.
Brendyn Scott::I just want the young guys to continue to play well as the have all season. How about double doubles again for Hayward, Kanter and Favors? And another "in control game" from garrett.
Jeff Hinds::Big test for young Jazz tonight....they take on "Old Man Game" the Spurs....should be a good one....check out anotherlevelsports.blogspot.com
Mike Wagener::I never doubted for a second SPURS would win this game.  they were obviously bored and turned it on when necessary.  Boris Diaw looks great btw.
Ken Harpster::Nice to see Jazz have a good showing tonight against the best in the west, even though we did eat a dick in the 4th, still a positive overall.
