Shanny Salcedo::Wow how times have changed....3 years ago these teams were in the Finals and now both teams are in rebuild mode...The only difference is that one team is headed in the right direction in a weak conference while the other team is stuck with 2 aging players and an incompetent coach
Shaun Mitts::the differeince is that Boston org dont give a crap about loyalty and history. they just want to blow it up and try to suceed as soon as possible. while lakers org cares bout respect, loyalty and dedication, which is why gasol, kobe are still with the team.
Dustin Lewis::Shaun Mitts glad you make excuses. Kobe cares about money, not winning. He would've taken a paycut if he cared about winning his 6th title. We don't care about loyalty and history? 17 Championship, that's history. KG waived his no trade clause to be traded to Brooklyn because Paul Pierce convinced him to, look it up bud. Dumb Lakers fans. Jeez.
Tarik Mowatt::Dustin Lewis   On top of that, they've tried to trade Gasol several times in the past, no one wants him.
Mike Bird Munger::TYPICAL CELTICS-LAKERS GAME....REFS ALREADY INTENTIONALLY CHEATING THE CELTICS BECAUSE LA CAN'T BEAT US WITHOUT THE HELP.
Chris Nulty::You got that right !
Travis Pavich::What do you expect? The lakers are paying the league to have the refs favor them. No wonder they are the most favored team in the league.
Keena Kaur::Travis Pavich  I don't think I've ever seen a Celtics Lakers game in which the Celts shot more free throws.
Chelo Mejias::Rondo Returns To Action And Leads The C's To A Victory!
James Aaron Sharp::Both teams are better off losing. lmao
Chris Nulty::So glad to see Rondo back !
Brenda Murphy Donoghue::so much for rondo lmao
Mike Bird Munger::LOMFL@ ANYONE WHO IS A DUNCE ENOUGH TO THINK THESE REFS AREN'T INTENTIONALLY HELPING THE LAKERS.  WE HAVE MORE POINTS IN THE PAINT, MORE DRIVES TO THE RIM, 18 MORE TOTAL SHOTS, YET WE HAVE LESS FTA'S.  STERN DOING HIS LAKERS ONE LAST FAVOR ON HIS WAY OUT.
Alex Manzo::Hey Mike, Alex Jones wants his tin-foul hat back.
Peter Birnbaum::...says the fan when his team is loses.
Jonathan Dumigan::LOMFL? And hearing those stats and not watching a second of this game, it would seem that the ref's were way to trigger happy for LA. I'm not surprised, because the NBA has been game-fixing for years.
Eriko Jim::Gone are the days when Celtics and Lakers was must see tv...they are absolutely awful
Luc Whissell::Celtics are rebuilding, Lakers are awful.
Michael Burress::Luc Whissell maybe but in the process, the celtics are horrible too, its ok to admit it
Eriko Jim::Luc u day dreaming
Bobo Kelly::Suck it, Boston.  13-2 run in the final 3:27.  WE STILL OWN YOU EVEN WITH A D LEAGUE ROSTER
Luc Whissell::LMAO!!! A fan of a 15-25 team talking trash.
Liam Sibson::The Celtics, right now, have a roster that's even WORSE than that of the D-League...
Nadav Senensieb::As a Laker fan, I am actually rooting against the Lakers this year in the hope of getting a top 3 draft pick.  And yet even with that, I hope we take it to the Celtics.  There is no team in all of sports that I hate more.  F*CK BOSTON!!!! GO LAKERS!!!!!
Nadav Senensieb::Chelo Mejias No I hate the Celtics because there is a big rivalry between the two teams.  I know for a fact that there are many many Celtic fans that also hate the Lakers.  The rivalry comes from meeting in the finals many times including twice in the last 6 years.  So before you go around insulting people and throwing around random epithets, maybe you should take a second to think about why I might dislike the Celtics and have a vested interest in this game as a Laker fan.
Chelo Mejias::Nadav Senensieb   There is no more Rivalry between these teams. The Celtics new Rival has been the Miami Heat for the last 3 or so years
Julian Andrew Kline::Chelo Mejias The Celtics Heat rivalry has really died down
Justin Llamas::I am from Glendale, a suburb of Los Angeles, and I completely remember my eighth grade graduation...the same day and time as Game 7 of the NBA Finals: Lakers vs. Celtics, the greatest rivalry in NBA history.  We wanted revenge after the Celtics beat us two years ago, also around my sixth grade graduation but not exact day and time.  And of course, we beat the Celtics in Game 7.  Back-to-back.  Revenge accomplished.  The graduation dance was epic.  Everyone was so happy that the Lakers won.  Even though these two teams are rebuilding, this is still Lakers vs. Celtics.
Dakota Mckenzie::dude no one cares lol
Tony Stewart::Good win over boston and Ryan kelly should start .the lakers are not tanking and never will
Darryl Hoytt::Exactly tanking is for other organizations never want that mindset!
Steve Carroll::ALWAYS good to see the Lakers beat the Celtics!! Some things just never get old.
Ben Griffith::it would be nice to see boston have a fast turn around this time, it was no fun sucking when you guys were winning with shaq, we need to add to our totals, you guys are getting to close, we will be a contender soon enough thanks to the genius upstairs
Ken Ahl::3 years ago we would be up to 5000 comments by now lol
Peter Vrouhas::Boston fans had better not get too comfortable discussing the synergy between Sullinger, Green and Rondo. Because Danny Ainge will be trading him faster than you can say LA Lakers.
Shanny Salcedo::I am a big C's and Rondo fan and even though Rondo didn't play this season and naturally shouldn't get picked over guys like kyle lowry, john wall, jeff teague ,etc......I still think rondo should be in the all-star game because last year if everyone remembers rondo was supposed to start in the all-star game but suffered a torn acl injury which prevented him from finally getting the starting pg spot in the all-star game
Ace Slater::Yea!! Beat La? Ha eat ittt! Ryan Kelly player of the game! Faith in kelly! Faith in kelly! Marshall and kelly connection? What? tarheel/Bluedevil tandem? Hells yea!
Chelo Mejias::Another L.A fan who was nowhere to be found until the end of the game, band wagon
Chelo Mejias::Sekou Garrett   It's not name calling...it's the truth...you and Ace were nowhere to be found during the game.....you only came at the last minute to claim a victory
Matthew Reimbold::Chelo Mejias Maybe they actually wanted to watch the game.
Michael Burress::when the knicks are ahead of you in the standings, you are a HORRIBLE team, rebuilding or not, sorry celtics fans
Theophilus Sparks::awful game but you Boston fans should  quit your belly aching .. both teams suck ... in the end one sucked  less than the other ...this is a lottery year for both teams ..
Josh Duenas::Wow the refs almost gave that game to the celtics. Two guys yanking Wesley's arms and they call jump ball. Almost the same thing happened to kelly.
Theophilus Sparks::awful game but you Boston fans should  quit your belly aching .. both teams suck ... in the end one sucked  less than the other ...this is a lottery year for both teams ..
Matthew Reimbold::Celtics choked. It was 102-94 and they get outscored 13-2 to end the game. This useless win isn't going to help my Lakers get a top pick, ugh.
Matthew Reimbold::Sekou Garrett that is 2 wins too many. This season is already down the toilet.
Darryl Hoytt::Still not sold on that losing for draft picks it has rarely worked. Kobe himself was a number 13 pick.
Bryan Spencer::Not a good win. now the Celts are behind them in the draft order
Darryl Hoytt::Lakers beat Celtics always feels good!! To end a losing streak against Celtics even better!
Anthony Joseph Ziegler::WELCOME BACK RAJON RONDO!!!!!!! BBN is happy to see you back and ready to play with the C's. Here's to good health and lots of wins.
Bryan Spencer::How did the Lakers beat them in Boston with that scrub line-up... Pau you beast... hahaha
Jason Jackson::At the very least, the Lakers in their present form are still better than the Celtics!
José Ferrer III::was looking rough for the Lakers of late, thank God they hit a soft spot in the schedule
Luc Whissell::The Celtics hit a soft spot in their schedule as well, it just happens that 1 of these 2 terrible teams had to win.
Ben Griffith::yeah rondo is still not himself, we will take the next one
Mike Bird Munger::LOL@ THE LAKERS HAVING DOUBLE THE FTA'S DESPITE US BEING THE ONES IN FULL ON ATTACK MODE.
Chelo Mejias::Pau Gasol and Jordan hill 0 fouls up to this point.....L.A has the refs on the payroll
Alex Manzo::Chelo Mejias Celtic fans always blaming the refs for their losses. Face the reality. You got beat by a D-League team.
