Adam Blevins::Wonder if the Spurs mix Geritol with their Gatorade.  Love watching the old guys defy age and win by playing as a team.  The rest of the NBA should learn from this team.
Andy P Kordyban::Now that Gay is gone, the Raptors have become my favorites to win the NBA title. Or at least take the Pacers/Heat to 7.
Steve Cain::Turn out the lights, the party is over!
Michael Duke::Disagree with the tone of the article the Raptors are hardly in disarray after Gay leaves taking his 39% shooting with him but the points the same they'll have to play out of thier minds and the Spurs will have to have a real off night for it to be even close. I can always dream though it's getting to that middle part of the season when even good teams occasionally lose focus.
Travis Alexander::Fought back from an early deficit to win comfortably, and no one played more than 30 minutes. Not a bad day.
Cynthia LilBoss Fernan::The spurs will get another title before they all retire
Blixa Ridgeback::raptors are getting better..... love my spurs though...
Joshua Sotello::How they getting better after trading rudy gay
Blixa Ridgeback::his 39% shooting didnt help im guessing
Emil E. Matula III::Aron Baynes had 14 points, 6 boards tonight?!  Wow.
Christopher Couser Dc::Yeah, what got onto him?..wish he had that kinda production more often.
Ayn Bland::Raptors are heating up...  This could be a really good game if the Spurts are up to the challenge!
Kyle Harrington::Hahaha you called the Spurs the spurts again...Hahaha...many that is sooo original and funny... I never get tired of it..
Ayn Bland::Autocorrect keeps me on the straight and narrow.
Blixa Ridgeback::c'mon spurs!!!!!!
Blair Ritger::Spurs are just TCB.  GSG!!!
Emil E. Matula III::GO SPURS!!
Billy McBride::It was getting close so they threw in buycks. That pretty much secured the loss and kept tank nation alive. At least that is what I hope because otherwise that would have been a lousy decision on the part of the coach.
Mike Wagener::Spurs pretty much just dismantled the Raptors.
James Borash::Raptors will probably trade lowry in the new year so they can go full on tank mode.
Ben Marsh::no rudy means more touches for val and johnson.. more efficient scoring
Joshua Sotello::Watch spurs sit a key player down today and the refs will have spurs win by5
Blixa Ridgeback::maybe the spurs are just a better team....
Joshua Sotello::Okay i will hands down say spurs are better team if they win by 14
Blixa Ridgeback::Joshua Sotello - lol...okey dokey
Eagles Rule::SPURS GAME SPREAD OR MONEY LINE? BEST BET
Riley Owens::WAZZU!
