Paul Snurpus::Lebron's current FG%...  60.1
Joel Ivan Rodriguez::Scary
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Great job jimmer, played 4 mins and was very productive for the heat. 2 turnovers, no defense. Way to play !
Michael Romney::Ji.zzer Fraudette is  a joke! The worst defensive player to ever play in the NBA.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Michael Romney Been saying that since we drafted him. We missed out on drafting brandon knight, or kemba walker. Thank you broke maloofs.
Michael Romney::Ernest Bagdasaryan Plus, you have to deal with all the nut jobs Mormon guys who idolize the Ji.zzer????? That was a bad decision taking Fraudette. Cheers bro!
Petri Paimander::No matter how many times you look thru' it... McLemore is in position before 'bron goes airborne... An obvious charge and a regular crime by refs not to call it as it is...
Jesse Cooper::Right heal inside the arc and leaning/falling away from the offensive player before contact, that is not a charge,
Nima Soleimani::you and 6 other people obviously do not know the rules of basketball. no matter if the defensive player was in position and on time or not, it does not matter if any part of him is in the restricted area (i.e. the half circle underneath the hoop.) In this case, McLemore's heal is clearly on the line. try harder next time.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Jimmer was very productive for the heat. 2 turnovers, stop and stare defense. He really knows how to ball, for the other team !
Michael Romney::WhY isn't Fraudette playing in Croatia yet? He looks like an athletic retard trying to play in the NBA.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Michael Romney Jimmer, athletic ? LOL no.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Bill Simmons on Lebron posterizing McLemore: "James pretended he was Mario Chalmers."
Ernest Bagdasaryan::LOL thats hilarious.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::he said that, i checked his twitter, nothing.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Ernest Bagdasaryan He said it during half time of the Pacers/Rockets game. I don't have league pass. :(
Stephen Gibbs::[Confused] "LaBron's poster dunk lifts Heat."  Was it a 20 pt play?
Andrew Eaton::You are confused...happened early in the game and lifted up their spirits. I think it was a fine title.
Anthony Thomas::He didn't even drunk on him like that. It looks like he hit his outside shoulder people are acting like he got jumped  over and dunked on smh...I mean does this really have to be the top headline? there goes ESPN Jocking LBJ's Nuts Over and Over Again........
Jeffrey Nicholas::I've never gotten the fascination with a dunk like that. I mean, if you get challenged up high and have to double clutch or something then its pretty darn impressive. But aside from "Lebron jumped high" it doesn't really move the needle for me. To me plays like Hibbert blocking Melo at the rim or Wade swatting Dwight Howard have more of a wow factor.  There have been very impressive dunks, but I can't think of any off the top of my head.
Troy Loizzo::Drunk? JBL?   Why does it bother you so much that he got the headline? It was the one of the best plays on a pretty slow day for sports, made by the best player in the league.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Troy Loizzo I would think the Pacers absolutely dismantling the Rockets would be a little more relevant.
Paula Parker::poster dunk? more like big time charge if it's anyone else but Lebron!  So boring to see superstars get away with everything.
Linda Miller::I've made $64,000 so far this year working online and I'm a full time student. Im using an online business opportunity I heard about and I've made such great money. It's really user friendly and I'm just so happy that I found out about it. Heres what I've been doing,   w­w­w.F­b­i­4­.C­o­m
Darrell Henley::His left foot was on the circle.They don't call a charge if you are still in the circle.
Nima Soleimani::you and 4 other people obviously do not know the rules of basketball. no matter if the defensive player was in position and on time or not, it does not matter if any part of him is in the restricted area (i.e. the half circle underneath the hoop.) In this case, McLemore's heal is clearly on the line. try harder next time.
Jody George Prats::LeBron 8 for 11 w/8 assists  too efficient *mvpx5
Edwin Gandia::Very effective against losing teams. That's true greatness. Not.
Rich Basa::Who is your favorite active player and how many MVP's does he have?
Jorge Bouza::Edwin Gandia Le King, LeMVPx4,  Le Champx2 ,Le GoldMedal, Le3Peat. True Greatness.
Liam Sibson::Funny thing is...Cousins outplayed Lebron.
Julius Lim::many players outplay lebron this season,lebron won't be mvp if he keeps playing like this.
Kervin Vancol::Scoreboard.
Josh Tritt::Please list these players for us. Also if by playing liek this you mean playing amazing this yes I agree. He is basically averaging 25-7-7, shooting 60% from the field, 41% from threes and 78% from the line, all the while playing lock down defense. Just give the MVP to him now.
Keith Dennis::Thank you Mike Malone for putting JImmer back on the bench where he belongs
Leland Wong::The Heat need to play good ball to win not just stand around and look at what LBJ is going to do.
Bill Wilson::The heat signed ex-president lindon b. johnson?
Peter Vrouhas::Another tribute to the greatness of Dwayne Wade’s, 2006 NBA Championship.  We’ve all heard those nasty comments in recent years, mostly coming out of Indiana, OKC, Cleveland, Chicago and Boston. Many of the newer NBA fans have made unsubstantiated claims about the Heat purchased a team vs. building a team via the draft. Many newbie fans have forgotten that DWade was drafted by the Heat in 2003. Coach Pat Riley surrounded the rookie DWade with (Hall of Fame) talent, but it was DWades athletic greatness  that literally carried the Team  to win the 2006 NBA Championship. Some of the 2006 veterans were Shaquille Oneal, Alonzo Mourning, Gary Payton, Jason Williams, and Udonis Haslem. The Miami Heat story really hasn’t changed very much. With Dwade as the center piece, the genius of Riley has brought in the complimentary players to win the Heats 3rd Championship since 2006.  Lately, so much has been  said about Lebron and Bosh, but we must never forget that DWade has always been the nuclease of the Miami Heat Championship Team.
Marcus Steinbauer::Why this history lecture?
John Matuszak::Marcus Steinbauer look how old he is
John Osaki Jr.::Great comments about Wade! Also you might want to check out Wade's great chapter in the new edition 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-time on Amazon.com
Will Milberger::It looks like a foul on LeBron. The other guy has position and has both feet planted. This is why I don't watch NBA.
Jared A. Taubert::He was in the circle.
Steven Isaac::i thought he stepped out of it. And I would of called a carry. but then again if i ref'd the score would be 0-0 for the 1st 10 min. of the game for the all the carries. this game has changed so much since i was taught. Changed in a bad away.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Chad wiggins is going to flip out when he reads some of this comments.  Today is a national hate on jimmer day !
Master Yodà::Every day that is, my friend.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Master Yodà LOL, i have a feeling wiggins will use this game and say something like " if jimmer played kings would not get blown out "
Master Yodà::Because I can't explain this sentence in Yoda speak I'll give it a shot. It's impossible to hate a player that isn't that good. Of course the next game we'll have to hear how Jimmer once score 50 points…THREE YEARS AGO against crappy teams. We need a new backup PG. Maybe McCallum can develop.
Keith Dennis::And another turnover for Jimmer.. he falls down impressively
Ernest Bagdasaryan::LOL its an artform performed by the finest and yours truly !
Ger Thao::I just hope the Kings put up a fight. Gay and LeBron always play hard when they face each other. Should be a good matchup to see. Miami 113, Sac 98.
Keith Dennis::Dont be shocked if this Kings team competes and wins and then goes to Orlando and gets blown out.
Andrew Jackson::At least the Kings could get a lottery pick, imagine Parker with Cousins
Keith Dennis::Could?  They will most certainly get a lottery pick and hopefully post Maloofs we get some luck and the 1st pick.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I actually am starting to believe the kings have switched strategy, and are now on a mission to tank for that top 3-5 draft pick.  This year is loaded, Parker, wiggins, randle, smart, exum,
Master Yodà::A steal Smart would be.
Chad Wiggins::merry christmas ben Maclemore….. baptism by B Slapping
Master Yodà::Jimmer celebrated by giving away the ball to the Heat. MERRY CHRISTMAS, CHARLIE BROWN!
Chad Wiggins::I doubt he could do enough damage in 4 min to cause the kings to get their brains beat out the way they did!!! An entire fan base chooses to ridicules and blames a kid who never sees more than five min a night, for threes seasons of utter tail whippens!!! I'm not saying fredette would help the kings the way he is currently being used u brain dead morons. I'm saying give him the ball and let him run around coming off ball screens jacking!!! But we know with this cast of teammates, they want stand for that!!!  Fredette is a volume shooter and scorer, but I'm well aware in today's nba that scorers with fredettes make up and background Are not allowed to play their game!!! Even when for three years the team he's on has had their brains bashed in.
Master Yodà::Yeah he really shot it well when he played. We choose to ridicule a kid who never sees more than five minutes a night? Then why do you praise that same kid? He's had his chances and stinks. Face it, Chad. You'll never own up to it because you invested so much time praising somebody who, let's face it, has fulfilled everybody's expectations of being a bust. Someday you'll have to own up to it. It's been two and a half seasons. How much longer are you going to play this game?
Al Sotowitz::The Heat always play to the level of their competition. I think they pull away late in the game. 112-98 Heat.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::True, james/wade/bosh/allen mins will probably be reserved this game until 4thQ. Hopefully gives kings a chance to at least stay close in the game.  we have to defend the 3, better then we did in Atlanta. Otherwise kings will end up losing by 10-15 again.
Dexter Jackson::this game is going over 205 book it $$$$$$$$$$$$$$
John Diamonon::It's painful watching Jimmer play.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::you have no idea lol !
Amanda Johnson::Yes LeBron is the best player in the NBA, one of the best ever, and the Heat are the best team.  But it just bothers me when one dunk gets highlighted as the key play of the game....when it happens in the first quarter, of a 23-19 game, that the Heat end up trailing at the end of one quarter and end up winning in a blow out by 19 points.  It was a great player by a great player, but far from one of the greatest plays ever, it happened at a meaningless time and in no way deserves a headline of "LeBron's Poster Dunk Lifts Heat".
James Joseph Owen::I think even more importantly it was against a meaningless opponent.  Who cares about the Kings? They continually suck every year.  They had to put a headline up for this game and I think it suits it perfectly.  It says that "it doesn't matter if you shoot lights out against the Heat, they'll still find a way to beat you."  It was just a crazy high-scoring game.  There's 30 teams and 82 games for every team, they have to make them exciting until the playoffs start.
Matt Holmes::I understand your point, but this isn't just ESPN. This is the modern headline driven media. Everything is about putting the most shocking headline together you can, because it draws eyes. You may not like it, I don't either, but there is really solid science behind it. It plays on one of the most annoying human tendencies, and that's  probably why it annoys a lot of us even though it works.
Keith Dennis::Fredette was so bad they had Rudy playing PG to give Isaiah Thomas a breather.   I like that... not because Rudy is effective in that role but because it keeps Jimmer where he belongs.  If he cant play for the Kings maybe he can play for the Washington Generals or with Jackie Moon on the Tropics.
David Witkus::What's the most important thing in baseball? Win the World Series...Most important thing in football? Win the Superbowl.....Most important thing in basketball? make a poster dunk and get on sport center.
James Incredible-Jackson::But if they talk about the Heat and the Finals now, you'd be like: "typical ESPN, declaring the Heat the East champs before the playoffs even begin".
ScottandKari Baderman::Well, three consecutive trips to the Finals and back2back Championships doesn't hurt either.
Moo Dang::when are the playoffs?
