NYPD::Rockets looking good, hope save some energy for the 4 Q.
mike::Terrence Jones is such a beast I really really wanted my Kings to pick him up during or after the draft. He's so incredibly versatile, he reminds me of a bigger Luol Deng with his all around game. I will be amazed if he doesn't rack up a couple all star appearances in the near future.
Blue::Remember a time when we thought that Royce White would be our PF of the future? Then it was Patrick Patterson, then Marcus Morris, Thomas Robinson, then D-Mo, then Greg Smith. I guess playing duck duck goose finally paid off.
Austin::I havent gotten a chance to look at the Rockets yet with Dwight Howard on the team. He struggled mightily against the Spurs in the playoffs last year, but that Lakers ball club was in complete disarray so its tough to say he'll have a repeat performance now that he has a better team around him, with guys like Harden and Parsons.  Spurs will be ready as always, and the in-state rivalries are always intense, so this should be some good basketball. Good Luck to both squads! GSG
Joe::Big test, let's see where these '13-14 rockets stack up in the western conference.
Josh::Brooks could explode and get a 20 plus for a game about every few games.  But Lin is more aggressive attacking the basket and drawing fouls.  Lin is the more consistend in getting his points.  It'd been nice to see a complete Rockets team in this one.
sda::Finally, a game worth watching. This is a rare event, something like this has yet to happen in the East.
song::Just remember Lin haters, Rockets did better off without Harden too. Quit leaving out the important details haters. Lets just all say that the Rockets are off to a good start and had a good win shall we?
Anton::Watching this game...pretty disgusting how the Spurs come back, with some of the most blatant home-cooking calls I've seen. Three straight questionable offensive fouls called on the Rockets...I mean, I see now how the Spurs have a nice record, since most of their games so far are home games, and man...these San Antonio Spurms are the biggest home cookers in the NBA. No wonder Miami had difficulty beating them in the Finals at Spurs home court. Super biased and paid refs there.
Aktion Pak::too bad for the spurs this is not rockets with tmac or orlando magic just like yesterday, rockets with harden/ howard is an elite team; not surprised by rockets win as the spurs can only beat bad teams
