climb171::Faried beasting again.
coldasshonkey::How does George Karl get his players to preform year in and year out...amazing.
BK 1st Shift Manager::Does this mean the Nuggets are the best team in the NBA now?
DirtBaGP::basketball season should be from February to August...No one pays attention during football season
derek_510::*you don't pay attention.  don't speak for the majority if you're not it.  basketball is MY #1 sport, especially with the raiders play this season -_____-
BarrelRider04::Denver proved while they are so good at home, beating the hottest team in the league. Clips looked sluggish and played horrible defense and couldn't hit their shots. Not trying to take any credit from Denver, they got a well earned victory.
hugh mcknight::Denver has the best roster as a whole, they all can play.  We've just never heard of most of them.
derek_510::you have never heard of most of them...as a basketball fan i am well informed of their roster.
yoshifor4::I hear ya!
Supreme_Grand_King_Kai::17 game win streak nothing compared to 32 year streak ended
Cool Sun 13::What do y'all think of this trade? http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=atunbry
rvieville1::i cant see marcus camby or andre miller wanting to come back to the clippers.
SteveOlish::I think the Clippers make out like bandits in that trade.
charlie hustle bets the over::exactly.  also, jr smith will never wear a nuggets jersey ever again. also, andre miller isn't going anywhere.
phatpatt22::"Clippers are just too young."  - Kobe
tungcn2010::I like CP3, but how he's always in the MVP talks is ??????
prtgolf::I knew this streak was a fraud..
tbest23::Why don't the clips get their very own heading like the heat index which no one clicks on? ESPN slurpings...
kobepac24::Prayers go out to the sterling family for their loss. Can't say im sorry about the streak coming to an end tho. But I look forward to a new streak for the clips with another loss tonight. Sterling new found success on court is unbalanced by what's happen off the court. Losing millions in his trail over his building fire and now his son. I would not wish this on anyone even Mr. Sterling racist or not.
Killian Jones... .::Scott Sterling so was upset by this loss that he decided to kill himself.
csallstar11::not funny at all
bsaundaz::finally now they can go back to not being cared about.
ZouCard::Clearly Denver has an advantage at home with altitude. 10-1 at home but an 18-15 overall record.
smithphil95::Here we go again, with people using altitude as an excuse. $@%!$ please
diehardnr1::play 22 of first 32 on the road and see what your teams record would be...
Pusherman3::Not only that, Denver has played 26 road games...the Clippers and OKC, 12.    Let's talk at the end of January.
washheightsboy3::I can't be positive but I'm pretty sure Kobe Bryant has gone crazy.
oczonie::Dementia?  At his age?
diehardnr1::can't go somewhere you already are at...
diehardnr1::Outta here....  Make it 9 in a row at home vs MIN Denver!  GO NUGGETS!!!
Syrindge::Vinny D will be fired by March 1.
registered ESPN member::Wow, Clippers fans must be extra sad that their streak is done, seeing as how their lakers are below .500, their Cowboys are out of the playoffs, and the Yankees haven't done much this winter :/
Ricky rubio is softer than Pau Gasol::Clippers fans are Patriots fans
diehardnr1::THIS year anyways...
DalvinSplit::WOW IT TOOK JUST ONE  GAME THAT CLIPS LOSE AND THEY ARE  ALL READY  SECOND IN THE WEST STANDINGS. !!!! IT IS NOT EASY  WHEN IS BEHIND YOU.....................  ELITE  TEAMS    .............. OKC  &amp;  SPURS
1gatherer::No more Clipper banter for me today. Condolences to the Sterling family.
Ricky rubio is softer than Pau Gasol::Seriously RIP
ChrisSinatra::Breaking new !!!!!!! Clippers owners son died. Apparent overdose
ChrisSinatra::Crazy stuff
diehardnr1::Such a shame that too much money causes so much addiction...this guy had it made...House on the beach in Malibu, son of a billionaire... now dead of an apparent OD...wow  My condolences to his family
diehardnr1::bummer
ChrisSinatra::http://m.tmz.com/#Article/2013/01/02/scott-sterling-dead
1gatherer::Yikes, just saw that on the news. Horrible.
whodattrackgeauxtigers::How come everyone says we were bad decades ago when we just got the Clippers a year and a half ago?  -95% of LA Clippers fans
ChrisSinatra::Damn clipper fans are awfully quiet the second there team loses. Sucks to suck hu? Haha
1gatherer::Not a Boston fan but I respect the Celtics history.
1gatherer::I think Rev. war would have been better on my part.
diehardnr1::now both comments make sense again...thanks
1gatherer::Boston did pretty well in the Civil War. Props! NEXT
Ricky rubio is softer than Pau Gasol::LOL learn some history
diehardnr1::and why, exacly, is a BOS fan on a DEN-LAC board?
diehardnr1::oops you said Civil War....now neither comment makes sense...lol
diehardnr1::I heard they threw a party....and served TEA!
ChrisSinatra::For now. Well see who makes it further... Oh and btw 17 rings ..and you guys????    NEXT
oczonie::Can't bring rings onto a court to beat a sub .500 team.  Oh, that's what the Lakers are as well.  Where they belong.  Playing for the 9th playoff spot.  NEXT.
diehardnr1::but what have they done for you LATELY?
charlie hustle bets the over::a ring count response?  sounds laker-esque.
1gatherer::No one cares, NEXT
charlie hustle bets the over::celtics are sub .500.  NEXT
diehardnr1::The Streak is Still Alive!!!  The Nuggets Home Win Streak that is...  Great Game Nuggets!  Isn't this like the 3rd time Nuggets have beaten the best record team (after first 10 games)?  I know they beat MEM in Memphis when they were best record...thinking there was another...  JaVale made great strides towards more minutes tonight...he made great passes, played position on D instead of biting for the swat, cut down on his poor shot choices and showed some real hustle and potential...keep it up   Faried was great at getting into Blakes head....gotta love the fire in the 4th with Karl riding his a. ss about the fouls.  Somebody please tell Fournier that his job is to actually SHOOT when he has open shots...he passed up on a few open looks...which is a shame because I think he is going to be the Nuggets premier 3 pt threat in the future.  Kudos to KK and Mozy for hanging tough and banging the bigs all night.  Double Kudos to Andre for keeping the team calm and overcoming the absence of Ty.  Gallo is quietly turning into a major asset.  Just want to see the "streakiness" turn into consistency.  Good job by Karl as well.  He never panicked when LAC made their push late 2nd early 3rd.  Good substitutions all night...even the PG-less minutes to get Dre some rest.  Special Kudos to the Nuggets bench for out-playing the so called "best" 2nd unit in NBA.  GG LAC! But have to wonder if the 4 in 5 night stretch is going to continue the L streak they just started...  GO NUGGETS!!!
1gatherer::The Nuggets home game streak this year so far is 2. Now they get a bunch at Mile high. Should be fun January.
diehardnr1::my bad...thanks
charlie hustle bets the over::he means most home games played in a row is 2.
diehardnr1::uh ...look again....Nuggets home W streak is now at 8...not 2.  Nuggs are 10-1 at home...only loss to MIA in 3rd home game  10-1 at home...with 30 of last 49 at home...uh oh NBA
charlie hustle bets the over::agree with 98% of what you said. javale actually bit on the headfakes way too much last night.  got him in early foul trouble.  it does show a ton of heart and passion, though, trying to send every ball into the 7th row.
charlie hustle bets the over::haha no doubt!
diehardnr1::key word being "early"...he actually started playing position in the 2nd half...baby steps need encouragement too...lol
jeff050578::Nuggets are a lot better then most clueless NBA fans think. Take a second and look how tough their schedule has been and how many road games they have played so far.
whodattrackgeauxtigers::I thought before the season and still think now the WCF will be Thunder and Nuggets.
diehardnr1::30 of next 49 at HOME ....sweet...
charlie hustle bets the over::January is going to be fun!
CHIPS and SALSA83::Great win Nuggets! thats a good way to start off the new year!
jeff050578::Vote David Lee for All Star
BearJWS::Dork - Stop it with your pathetic posting on EVERY comment board.
1gatherer::You got it David.
adam83stl::I see griffin had 12 last night.  So I'm assuming that means he fooled people six times into thinking he had talent by slam dunking the ball and then looking like a mentally challenged ginger gorilla afterwards (read tough face)?
1gatherer::Awesome
Ustna9::Remember when the Wizards beat the Heat this season? These type of things happen...
diehardnr1::Just remember your comment when Nuggets catch the Clippers....bet it
CHIPS and SALSA83::c'mon man Nuggets &gt; Wizards
csallstar11::Say what you want about Javale being stupid and no doubt at times he is incredibly dumb, but he makes a huge impact on the game when he's getting good minutes
charlie hustle bets the over::and knocks down buzzer beater 3 balls!
I put Codeine Syrup on my Pancakes::LOL that win streak came to a screeching halt. At least the Spurs made it to 20 wins before they got swept
jpsoxfan15::How's that codeine on dem pancakes?
netdawg8::Clippers fans, would you honestly agree with the playoff projector (as of a couple days ago) that you have a 4x better chance at the title than the Heat?
adam83stl::Clips fans are heat fans. They couldn't make a decision like that
abzandercole1::Sometimes I think that Paul tries too hard to press the issue and take over the game.  When he's on, he's very successful however on the flip side, if he's off it just doesn't work.  Last night was just a really boring game.  They looked fatigued and were very slow.  Hopefully they can regroup after this loss.  Good win for the Nuggets though.
adam83stl::.
BronyFan::They didn't look that hot tonight, got to give the Nuggets some credit.
adam83stl::Youre a Brony????  Sorry but bronycon had to be the funniest thing I heard on stern all year
adam83stl::Are you just a brony or are you one of the full fledged freaks that j.o. to mlp too?
goostate24::Clippers are a very good team but come playoff time they won't be the best team. The thunder were 4 points in Miami away from being on a 20 game win streak right now, they have a better record than LAC and easily beat LAC earlier this season. They also have been through the whole road to the finals thing. And SA is SA. They will always be there with how great they are. And the grizz may have the leagues best D, and I know they can shut LAC down.
Ustna9::sure buddy...sure   you seem to be very very scared.
earlealston::Don't know why this loss is "front-page" news. They had their first loss in 18 games to a decent Nuggets team that's extremely tough at home. If this turns into the beginning of a five game losing streak, THEN it will be time to laugh. If you want to laugh, check out that "other" LA team that's STILL struggling to stay at .500, despite their "PG savior" being back.
Ustna9::It almost looked like the Clips threw the game... They played with no passion or intensity, you could see that right from tip-off.
charlie hustle bets the over::don't shed too many tears, Ustna9.  heat have been the only team to knock off the nuggs at home this year.  it just takes a really, really talented team to beat the nuggs @ the can.
csallstar11::Good excuse...thats called altitude son
Jimmy27333::There's the Clips we know and love...14 Pt loss to lowly McNuggets...bring on the Lakers.
Ricky rubio is softer than Pau Gasol::Wheres dont sleep on the clippers, kobelies247? These dudes are here till like 5 am when the Clippers win trolling other teams pages, but soon as their team loses they are no where to be found. Typical
Ricky rubio is softer than Pau Gasol::Chris Paul got his a.ss owned by Andre Miller I hear?
In_4_Win::Bobcats ended their losing streak so how did the Clippers not see this coming?
MudrunnerVA3::Winning 17 straight is impressive in any sport so I tip my hat to the Clips. However, I do not see them even being the best in the West, yet the league. Those 17 wins didn't include a few elite teams. Come playoffs, I do not see them beating the Spurs, Thunder or Griz. Just musing.
You Got Rondo-ed10::Rondo &gt; CP3. If Rondo was on this team, they wouldn't have gotten blown out last night.
Allthingstennessee::I agree. I'm not a fan of Rondo but I will say that he is the best point guard in the league.
Jay 748::hahahaha Rondo is not the best PG in the league
MudrunnerVA3::Neither holds a stick to Westbrooke.
washheightsboy3::*would have still
Asif11111::well it was a good run for the Clippers. Setting a Franchise Record for straight W's. But man gotta give credit where it's due. Watching the Nuggets in person this season I noticed the grit and fight of this team, and if all the games were played at Denver this postseason they can give anyone a run for their money.
ChrisSinatra::Lmao holy blow out.
ChuckOlajuwon::As good as the Clippers are, Nuggets better then anyone at home. And to think the Nuggets still have 30 games to play at home!  To only 19 left away.
gordlig::Nice run Cippers, time to start another one!  (you've got a layup/automatic win coming Friday night, rest some of those tired legs).
