ALLforthelulz::paul George may very well be grangers ticket out of town
mksatx::Thanks indy.
jezeep::lol this team aint beating the Cllippers
MiQuel249::Things Trolls should not do in 2013 Stand in front of microwaves Drink warm milk Eat uncooked ramen noodles Wear the same hoody all week Stay in moms basement  Have a Happy New Year everyone
MiQuel249::Things Trolls should not do in 2013 Stand in front of microwaves Drink warm milk Eat uncooked ramen noodles Wear the same hoody all week Stay in moms basement  Have a Happy New Year everyone
MasterOfLogic::Holy crap, I completely forgot the Pacers played tonight, I just got back from watching the Hobbit.... good to see this outcome.
tgreeson80::Starting to like this team more and more.  We grinded out a lopsided road/home schedule and are finding ways to win.  This defense, if not the best in the league, has to be top 3 actual d (discounting numbers).  Nice to have length at the guard position to defend crazy athletic cats like Rudy Gay.  Paul George is a beast, and is only gonna get better.  Just hope the confidence sticks when Danny "Ballhog" Granger comes back.  And don't tell me he is there best player...PLEASE
ALLforthelulz::my favorite part was  "This defense, if not the best in the league, has to be top 3 actual d (discounting numbers)."
EastCoastSurfing::thair*
tgreeson80::*Their
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::what happened to "Grit n grind" being the best in the world?
balltillifall_88::im sorry, but god i hate people like you. yes, i am a grizz fan. but i just get so sick and tired of people being so "only what happened in the past 10 minutes matters". it was one game. the grizz would dominate the pacers in a series (and yes, i know they wouldnt play one). the grizz haven't played their best this past week or two, but they will come back around.
Taco with a Q::I dont know about dominating the Pacers, you realize we didnt have Granger or Hill tonight right???   Yet we still won,  Pacers #1 D in the NBA
aihoops221::hey all my sports fans! Please go Like our page at Sports Topics! We handout FREE Prizes and have sports debates! Thank you ! http://www.facebook.com/SportsTopics
supe540::Hey did the Warriors just pass the Griz in the standings?  Time to beat the Clips again!
hoops 112hoping::hey people who are trashing gay's 3/17 game, let me remind you that he was up against one of the league's best perimeter defenders in paul george, that kid is one of the only guys in the league who can match gay's size and athleticism.
tgreeson80::Agree
BKNetsFresh::lol girlies,  nets &gt; girlies.
Taco with a Q::No one cares about your worthless Nets
Rip_City27::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRHlqi7PKIk
scrapnice::Da grizz gotta get their road game  together....this is ridiculous.
H.J.I.C.::If you're a Grizzly fan and you love Rudy Gay, you are delusional. Any Memphis fans tired of seeing both of our basketball teams underachieve year after year?
roy2daboy::What are you talking about???
balltillifall_88::the grizzlies underachieving? are you serious? do you not remember where this team was 5 years ago? i admit, they havent been playing as good as they should be this past couple weeks, but i wouldnt go as far as say they are underachieving.
ddd007ddd::zach randolph is really playing good basketball this season,Memphis will go very far in the west,probably finish in the top 4
Green Arrow is better than Green Hornet::youre playing 2K13 right??
BRAY5150::When will people realize memphis is not a title contender they are a joke that keeps getting better
SPURZWARZ1.0::How the mighty have fallen!
Grindhouse2413::go F yourself Spurtz, f ing troll
Taco with a Q::Pacers won without Hill too!  Thats impressive!   Oh and the Bulls fan in here earlier saying how they WILL EXTEND the divison lead...   LOL you guys broke the Bobcats 17 game losing streak on your own floor!!    Lol what suckers!!
smreilly22::Actually, it was a 18- game losing streak, which is bad for the bulls
kdogownsu::when we get granger back pacers will dominate this divison. bulls lost all their bench. thibs makes this team play alot better than they actually are. they are top 5 seed with rose back in lineup, but not division champs
Chicago D.Rose::dude its obvious bulls are gonna win the division especially when rose comes back
Taco with a Q::Bulls aint winning jack SH IT
BOOMBABY_3::Yes def obvious. Especially since the Pacers have already beat the Bulls and have been beating the Bulls in Chicago.
MiQuel249::The Grizzlies was in New Years Eve mode so Pacers you guys walked off with an easy win tonight, take it as a late Christmas gift.
Kingkanyon12::LOL, and people think Memphis can beat the team that beat them last year, that actually got better. LOL they'll need to learn how to score first, OJ mayo aint going to be walking in that building anymore, unless they're playing Dallas.
roy2daboy::Don't determine what happens in December will happen in May dude.
roy2daboy::We beat the Pacers last year dude.  What are you talking about???
Kingkanyon12::I'm talking about the Playoffs Dude.
mathurpalak@yahoo.com::will george hill play next game?
pacerpride35::Good win for the Blue and Gold against a solid Memphis squad. Looking forward to the rematch in three weeks at the FedEx Forum.
Windy City Stand Up::Zach Randolph might be the most underrated NBA player next Granger, Gay, and Monta
bengalsrgay43034::like to see some appreciation for granger.  he is so hated around the league because he talks crap to super stars and big market teams.  the talking heads at espn always have to hate on him.
bengalsrgay43034::if hibbert would show up, wed be damn good
Kingkanyon12::Well if Gearge Hill would stop shooting and feeding his big man not named david west, he would, Roy is a beast on the block, Hill learn to pass it to him.
roy2daboy::Pera, Levien and Hollinger will be making some decisions about the team very soon.
emthomasjr::We are in a lull now, but still on a 56-26 pace.  They will make data-driven decisions as managers, not emotional ones as fans, I think and hope.
emthomasjr::I missed the end because I was still at work.  How did we give up 28 points in the 4th quarter??
deathtofudge::yeah we did it too ourselves with TO's but the refs weren't giving us any calls either
roy2daboy::Most of those points were at the charity stripe.
emthomasjr::Got it - they had 14 FTA's in the 4th. That is a lot.  They average 23 FTA's per game.
emthomasjr::Ahh...that kind of makes sense.  How many FTA's did we give up in the 4th?
RabbiLevine::Big win for the pacers, keep maintaining without Danny Granger.  Augustin's best game as a Pacer
roy2daboy::Well it doesn't matter how a team starts the season, it's how they finish.  Knowing the Grizzlies, they will finish out strong.
dhyde1::What has happrened to the Grizzlies?  They used to have some character.  Remember how they would outwork their opponents and grind out wins?  Now they get an eight to twelve point lead and they start resting.  Conley needs to stop dribbling the 24 sec away, if he's ever going to be a premiere point guard it's time to show it.  T Allen is incredibly selfish, can't shoot but shoots every time he touches the ball, he gambles for steals always and gives up open shots to good shooters.  And, what a pity Rudy Gay is, the talent of a top ten player but only uses it sparingly....he should be scoring 25+ a game
emthomasjr::Slow to adjust to what the defenses are giving us.  We still have the same problem as last year - lack of perimeter scoring.  Defenses are crowding Gasol to keep him from being as effective as a passer and packing it in in the paint.  We haven't figured out how to get good shots for Rudy as an option and our offense has been slop for the past 10-12 games.
ride_or_die_spurs_for_life::Thanks Pacers &lt;3 and much love to Georgie!! WE MISS YOU :(
ThunderHornz::Well done Pacers, well done!
Jacob91477::This game had playoff intensity. One team just wanted it more and out hustled the other. Grizz fans I wouldn't be worried road games are always harder to win. Go Pacers!
rc021363::Good game to the Pacers fans!  The Pacers were hitting the 3's madly!  Respect to George, great threat to the Grizzlies today.  Go Grizzlies!!
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::If only D.J. could always play like that, maybe this will give him a spark.
Angela99462::IN THE BEGGINNING THE GRIZ WERE #1 WHAT HAPPEND? THE FAN THOUGHT THEY WERE BETTER THAN THE CLIPPERS, WHAT HAPPEN? NICE RUN THO :)
thomasf9497::Lame.. I expected more from hibbert, need those fantasy points!
rc021363::It don't matter with regular season, as long as you make the playoffs and are hot during the playoffs, and that is what the Grizzlies need to worry about.  This month has shown that they do not have their heads in the game, and Hollins needs to play the bench more.
ronjacson::Talking to rc021363
ronjacson::It ain't that serious.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Blah Blah Blah!  You lost to the Clips in 1st round when everybody thought teams should avoid the Grizz.  Grizz ain't making no noise again this year...
rc021363::Yea, and the Clips will have their losing streak soon enough.  It is called Law Of Averages, which you LA people don't seem to understand.
Denis2224::I stopped reading after "It don't matter"
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Cry me a river!!!!  Grizz fans have been puffing their chest out all year, now that the team is struggling most are nowhere to be found, and the rest wanna trade Gay and fire Hollins.  Stay mediocre my friend! That's exactly what the Grizz are.
rc021363::Geez!  Mr. Obvious was a "dis" that really was obvious, but you Laker fans are just as ignorant as the Clipper fans then.  For both of you to team up against a poor little Grizzlies fan must really make you feel big!  LOL, please if you used "dis" in HS, that must have been yesterday, because you act like a teen.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Dissed me?  Sorry, I used that word in High school.  BTW; If you look at my screen name you would see i'm not a Clipper fan, so you failed there as well.
rc021363::Kobe,  Mad!?!?  I just dissed you!  YOU are the one that should be mad.  I laughed at both you lame Clipper trolls, and you made me laugh again.  THANKS!!!  LOL
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::@rc021363  You mad huh?
rc021363::Kobe,  For you to be Mr. Obvious and comment like that, tells me your IQ is not very high.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::I like his post as well.
rc021363::And, yet, you replied, so how do you look, especially lamely liking yourself.
DaBeardedAsian::CLIPPERS WILL WIN IT ALL!!!!!
rc021363::Well, if you and the other Clipper trolls are so certain, bet all of your money on it.  Not just change, your house, your savings, etc.
mistersquare::NBA is fixed.  There's no way the league would ever let that happen.
motifman79::do Laker fans go trolling every games board since their team is $@%!?
rc021363::Lakers and Clippers fans troll the Grizzlies board since Grizzlies got on the playoffs and 1st place scene.  It grates their pride that "Little Ole Memphis" was 1st this year, I think.
pedrobear1::Laker,clippers,celtics and now nets fans for some reason
heathman28::guys, memphis is still 19-9. lol chill out its one game. they have 60 something games left to get back in stride
NGplayinskillz::60 something games? Really? You just said they were 19-9. There are 82 games in a season. More like 50 something games.
DaBeardedAsian::YEP IT DOES!!!
heathman28::CAPS LOCK MAKES YOU SMARTER
DaBeardedAsian::DAMN U SOUND LIKE A KNICK FAN..LOL
pedrobear1::while true its been a poor month
Doyers Baseball::I hope the heat lose
roy2daboy::So all of these HATERS are out in the woodwork since the Grizz lost.  Well rejoice in your haterism because 2013 is on the horizon and the Grizz will be back in stride.
Fu.CK.you.F.A.G.S.ThatflaggedME2ndHalfPlayPacers::ha
motifman79::Grizz 19-9 what is your team??? F.A.G
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::And another loss in the 1st round  I mean, who loses to the Clippers in the 1st round? LMAO!
jezeep::Clips have a 17 win streak, Lakers have 15 wins total  Lakers are the ones going out in the 1st round, fool
Doyers Baseball::Grizzlies do have good defense though
113row10::Right, they only allowed 50 in the second half. Joke
113row10::Grizzlies peaked too soon. Enjoy the slide.
Fu.CK.you.F.A.G.S.ThatflaggedME2ndHalfPlayPacers::blah
heathman28::trade gay and a draft pick to chicago for deng, thats my opinion
motifman79::hell no!! did you see the game against the bulls?
Doyers Baseball::Grizzlies are 7-7 since the fluke start
Angela99462::the same fans thought these guys were better than the clippers
colts8733::and Chicago got beat today, Pacers are now the 4 seed
pedrobear1::7-7 in December glad this month is oveer
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Don't worry, it's only gonna get worse for the Grizz.
