bushwild11::Al Jefferson playing with a heavy heart last night was just amazing http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Tcx3LMRN9k&amp;feature=channel i wish he would get look at as a all-star player sometime soon
peeks_7::the jazz NEED to give c.j. and harris long term deals!!!
JAHQUAN3::Good win for my Jazz but still some major concerns. BackCourt Defense has got to improve and idk what we are going to do with Raja but he is a shell of himself, I'm not so sure of Burke playing starter minutes but he def. should be splitting time with Raja and CJ. IMO CJ should come off the bench as instant offense. Raja starts but only plays about 15 mins a game max.
Enderles::Way to lay down in the 4rth qrt Pistons U F"IN jokes +7 and and ur up 2 after 3 qrt  U guys are a mess
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Was that Big Al's first 3 of his career? Go JAZZ!!!
Jrock1322::glad the jazz got the win, but with the pistons absolutely SHREDDING our defense and driving to lane seemingly at will, why was burks left on the bench?? he is easily our best on ball defender and (in my opinion) would have done a better job keeping the likes of stuckey out of the paint.  but, what do i know, we really need rajas 1 point tonight, and he did help to hold stuckey to those meaningless 29 points...
JewZZology::i think they were hoping Raja would come out and do something, then ship him on thurs... oh well
chasejazz::I would like to have them but they play the same position and we need to have other spots to fill.
nbanbanba12332::Pietrus is Kony's brother
TAC0REV::I was at the game and like the win, but still disappointed. I wanted to see Burks play! Why Corbin, why??
Strong Troll Orthenthald::If it smells like flipper don't drop the zipper
Hawaiian Raiders::Wow,  I was going to go under SH...Shoulda Coulda..Need a crystal ball..haha  Detroit gave up according to the Box score..The call from Vegas must have came in and the final results..
lej274::I'm with you. Someone had a big run on the spread for the Jazz. What a sad end to the game!
bomborivera1::Here we come Jazz...Pek and Love vs. Big Al and Millsap.  See y'all Thursday!
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::This is easy...Millsap&gt;Love   And Big Al&gt;Pek
chasejazz::It's also becoming increasingly obvious that we must do something with one, maybe two of our big men (Evans, Favors, Kanter, Jefferson) Right now Jeffersons value is at an all time high, but he also seems to be the ONLY constant on the team right now....love the guy and Milsap but I see them as being the only assets that would bring us anything back.  The good news is if we don't make a move it's likely we will do worse in the playoffs.
adam_keefe_fan_forever::I say trade the whole team for Nash and Rondo.
StocktonToMalone 2::Harris 19pt 8 ast. CJ 15pts.   They are raising their stock before we trade them :)
chasejazz::If Utah still had Maynor that would be a potentially very strong up and coming team
chasejazz::I haven't looked to see if it's realistic but what about a Harris for Landry Fields trade? It seems that both of those players would fit the others system much better! I love Harris as a person, he's great in the community and what not, but it's evident that's the area that needs to develop.  If we can't get a good pass first/ leader at the PG position it will delay or prevent our future from living up to their potential.  It's time to develop our future of ; Kanter, Hayward, Favors and Burks
StocktonToMalone 2::Se when the hell is Burks going to get some minutes?
KennyS562::No $@%!
Jrock1322::best on ball defender. best slasher on the team (and a sweet stroke from the foul line to match).  most potential to be a go to scorer in the clutch. underrated jump shooter. bench raja and his bad attitude. FREE ALEC BURKS!!!
chasejazz::FREE ALEC BURKS!!!!
bamberg1977::As well as Stuckey played, his game doesnt flow with the offense. He's too much of a ball stopper, 0its either one on one, or he makes a pointless pass. There's an in between he doesnt get. You rarely see him use someones pass to him to keep the play going to get it to someone else. He's the anti-Hamilton.   I think he's going to hurt another PG and SF he plays around, while Rip could score and get assists on way less touches. I just dont think we can build around him.
StocktonToMalone 2::Good game to the Pistons anyway. I don't know why their fans gotta get butthurt over a loss.
trademarktaz::Your wife's a sell out bro, tell her that her kind ain't welcomed around these parts.
bob_ran4::in that case i have nothing more left to say other than to thank you for your generosity lol...
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Just looking down the page and I totally totally totally agree with you on Chicago. Detroit &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Chicago in pretty much every single way. At least Detroit is making steps in the right direction and trying to rebuild; Chicago is just crumbling under corruption. (And by the way, just for the record I am from Utah. My wife is from Detroit, and we got married out here shortly after she started school. We go back to Michigan 2-3 times a year and spend money in Detroit, helping it's economy. See? Doing my part to help.)
bob_ran4::well seeing as just about everything in this state revolves around Detroit other than tourism yes. and it's fine if you don't like it the way it is if you're actually doing something to help. not leaving and then bashing the city.
adam_keefe_fan_forever::So if someone doesn't like Detroit in the way it is, then anything else about the state is negated? Help me understand your logic.
bob_ran4::yea. because we defend the city and want to see it do well while sellouts like you leave the city and bash it. and then suck up by saying "oh it's ok we still love the state" which is bullsh*t by the way
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Based on you and that Bob guy, it's pretty apparent why Detroit is in the state it's in.
trademarktaz::I'm only kidding :)
adam_keefe_fan_forever::The arena is in Auburn Hills, which isn't too bad of a place (right next to a huuuuge mall). Wife's grandparents live not too far away.  Detroit though....wow.
bob_ran4::because any true michigander will stand by the city of detroit until the end and will want to see it do well and not bash the city whenever they can. because honestly whenever people think of michigan they think of detroit. and detroit is the only reason the entire state is even relevant.
adam_keefe_fan_forever::That still doesn't explain why saying someone who lived nearly all their life before moving to go to school somehow loses all claim to their Michigan upbringing. You sound just, well, prickish.
bob_ran4::dwayne wade. fine
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Nonsense. Nobody likes LeBron.
bob_ran4::not at all. it's like liking lebron but hating miami.
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Wow....just....wow. Bit overprotective there, huh?
bob_ran4::notice. she moved. she's no longer a michigander.
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Just did a little Q&amp;A with my wife, raised in Madison Heights, inches away from Detroit, whose family now lives near Howell (out Lansing-way). I ask her "is it some sin to love Michigan but not love Detroit?" Her answer: "hell no - except for the pizza".
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Ooooh somebody learned the dark secret of forum cursing. And assuming Detroit = Michigan? Pfff. The rest of Michigan is pretty awesome. And Detroit does have Green Lantern and Cloverleaf Pizza....so I guess it isn't all bad. Truth be told, Detroit slays pretty much everywhere when it comes to pizza.
bob_ran4::if you're going to rip on detroit city then get the hell out of the state and don't ever come back. because we don't want your fuckery here.
bob_ran4::it's not the loss. it's the re.t@rds bashing the city.
bob_ran4::ok fine my bad.
StocktonToMalone 2::It was lions68 who started it. I don't really have anything against Detroit I promise. lol
Lebrons giant forehead returns::Bulls &gt; Both these teams
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Boozer in the playoffs is like LeBron in the playoffs.
supraman23::Too bad Boozer is still on that team. Without him and his matador defense they just might win something.
The Media are a bunch of retarted monkeys::Is this Utahs only professional sports team?
a_tizzy::Real Salt Lake, MLS team
Jrock1322::2009 MLS CHAMPION Real Salt Lake. too bad the jazz cant get over that hump...maybe in the future we can contend and win a title. maybe.
adam_keefe_fan_forever::And hockey, and a minor league baseball team. We also have jobs.
chasejazz::Now now that has nothing to do with Jazz fans but more to do with a bratty person.  Detroit, much like anywhere else I'd (we utahns) would like to see success in any American city.  In all reality at the end of the day we're all on that same team
adam_keefe_fan_forever::64 degrees today and all week. Shorts weather. America - fuck yeah.
StocktonToMalone 2::At least we both live in America :)
trademarktaz::We have no snow on the ground and warm weather right now. I'm sure I'd rather be here than snowy Utah.
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Fine fine. Detroit is the best city on earth. Don't come to Utah, by the way - you won't want to leave.
bob_ran4::want to hear a secret? i'm from the suburbs. again if you're going to bash the city then get the hell out of the state and stay out of the state.
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Yeah, it does make a difference, actually. Just outside of Detroit proper things are totally different in feel, attitude, etc. When you get to Auburn Hills and Troy, you think "man, what were people talking about? This place is nice!". Being on the streets of Madison Heights is crazy though. We don't have places like that in Utah.
bob_ran4::suburbs city does it make a difference? if you're bashing the city then gtfo this state and don't come back. ever.
trademarktaz::Yeah we have plenty of jobs here in growing fields. We mainly lost automobile production related jobs and some industrial jobs. Leave it to classless Jazz fans to take a shot at hard working Americans.
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Really? I go to Detroit frequently for family, but I don't remember seeing anyone working there. I did see some homes being bulldozed though. Now, outside of Detroit, things are a little better...
bob_ran4::oh tough guy talking about jobs...i have a job and i live near detroit. just saying.
trademarktaz::I think they have an NBA D-League or a Major League Soccer or WNBA team or something lame like that.
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Raja Bell: 27 minutes, 1 point on a free throw. Alec Burks: 0 minutes. Jeremy Evans: 0 minutes. Super job there, Corbin. Trade Bell. Love him, but trade him.
Jrock1322::ill do you one better, i dont even like raja. suddenly he has a bad attitude? he is living off a reputation of a solid defender (lets be honest he is ok, bur far removed from elite now) and a solid 3 point shooter (seems he has lost that touch as well).  i dont mind if he gets garbage minutes and is a vet to help the new kids along, but starters minutes when we have a lottery pick with loads of potential?? waste. FREE ALEC BURKS!!!
The Media are a bunch of retarted monkeys::Pathetic pistons..PATHETIC!! I hope Tom Gores(new owner) was watching!
trademarktaz::I would probably diss the Pistons too if I were a Jazz fan. Imagine being a fan of a team with 0 rings in 32 seasons, in a state who's most popular sport is probably skiing. The Pistons are everything the Jazz fans wish they had but don't and won't for years and years.
opinionsarefacts268::michigan used to have industry as well but that's all in the past. here is to livng in disheveled memories and chep vodka to keep your spirits high, huh? GTFO tool
kcisney BYU::I used to live in Michigan, too, I hated it there. I'm not a huge fan of Utah, either, but I'd take it over Michigan. Arizona, Washington and California were better than both those states, though, IMO.
bob_ran4::hey you're a tool.
StocktonToMalone 2::Why would I want my team to be perennial losers? You're just jealous of the Jazz
kcisney BYU::The Jazz are consistently a playoff team, even if they haven't won multiple championships or anything. The Pistons normally aren't very good, sorry. When was the last year they went to the playoffs?
trademarktaz::We aim for championships and not petty playoff appearances, but obviously that keeps Jazz fans afloat.
The Media are a bunch of retarted monkeys::They were in the East finals 8 years in a row from 2000-2008
yodaspeaks::Hey, Utah hosted the Winter Olympics.  It cant be THAT bad.
rickyoil::YOU STILL GOT DETROIT IN NCAAB
Lebrons giant forehead returns::Lol at the people making fun of Detroit. You don't need to make fun of that shithole it makes fun of itself.
The Media are a bunch of retarted monkeys::come to detroit and say that...guarantee a little flamer like yourself  would go running back to your momma
bob_ran4::Shitcago is pretty bad too. Just saying. I've been to Detroit and Shitcago and Shitcago seemed 10 times more ghetto.
Lebrons giant forehead returns::haha. No I'm pretty sure Detroit is the biggest shiithole on earth
bob_ran4::yup of course. the hardass from shitcago thinks he's all that when his city is a dirty rotten cesspool almost as bad as detroit
Lebrons giant forehead returns::I live in Chicago bro. And why the fuck would I ever want to go to Detroit? lol
RipOnDetroitCityHaventHeardThat1B4::good to see Tay$hit Princess contributing with a whopping 9 points and 3 rebounds in 34 minutes. Great re-signing Joe D. We have a useless player for another 3 years after this season to go along with Charlie Villanueva. At least Stuckey has proven me right, i knew he could play. They just need to let him be aggressive and forget about him trying to be a PG
moto_4::some one in detroit needs a job... why not prince?
Lebrons giant forehead returns::What happens when one shitty road the meets another shitty road team? The home team wins duh.
rickyoil::DETROIT WAS THE ONES FOULING DOWN 9 LMAO THOUGHT THEY HAD REGGIE MILLER OR SOMETHING
moto_4::LULZ
crazycucker::dwights demanding orlando trade for nash... could be scary options for trades here http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
PTSup20::Best things ever to come out of detroit, a movie that Brittany Murphy starred in and chrysler........something to be proud of
miviking4991::anyone wanta agree with me   what the hell is jefferson shooting a 3 at end of game for????   put the game over the total
StocktonToMalone 2::shut the $@%! up
moto_4::Millsap &gt; Pistons
moto_4::he is shaving points
moto_4::Hey piston fans... GET A JOB! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
RipOnDetroitCityHaventHeardThat1B4::good one where did you come up with the concept of ripping a city in a sports forum?? Very creative sir (also, note my screen name if you're not picking up the sarcasm)
rickyoil::PISTON FANS JUST LIKE TIGERS FANS LOSE YET THEY STILL TALK SMACK LMAO
rickyoil::I RULE HELL NEVER SEEN U THERE
a_tizzy::cause we're a town that's been to hell and back, u?
moto_4::nah get a job bro
NickinAugusta09::I hate the $@%!$@% from D-town...getting 8 points and choke like a $@%!$
moto_4::Where dem jobs at? Broke $@% city Detroit
yodaspeaks::Utah Jazz is hot pursuit of that coveted #17 draft pick lol.
Chops815::We just get to sit and watch NJ tank. Then it's lottery city again for us.
MagicianJohnson::It goes to wolves if they make the playoffs, even worse
sjmcb160::Damn, 14 for 18
StocktonToMalone 2::Whaaa Whaaa. lioneyes68 is pissed that he lossed
lioneyes68::pistons- 3 championships jazz- michael jordan's bitch
yodaspeaks::Dude, im a bad boy pistons fan, but the Jazz were much classier in the way they faced jordan than the Pistons were.
scow79::Detroit - Obama's $@%!$
trademarktaz::Pistons fans, we need to unite. The Jazz and their fans are a bunch of pansies. Let them enjoy their petty victory, there's not much going on in Utah anyway. This will probably be front page news in Utah.
trademarktaz::I expected this type of hate from Utah fans, it's not easy being a Utah fan. It must be like being a Cavs fan or a Pacers fan. At least we've seen our team reach the top multiple times.
DSer24::Pistons fans unite? Wow.........
PTSup20::Unite all 8 of them
van.muhle::says the guy from the state with the third highest unemployment
rickyoil::U THE ONE CRYING
Pintz11::UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD BTCH
scow79::Did you really just say Pistons fans unite?    WTF are you a Might Morphin Power Ranger?
Pintz11::TOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FUNNY LOL
lioneyes68::LMFAO
lioneyes68::al jefferson and millsap aren't even good. they got NOTHING
van.muhle::your english arent any good
HowardSternsTinyDong::Same old Detroit losers never suprised why their pathetic 4th quarters.
lioneyes68::<b> utah jazz are an awful franchise. even deron williams (the biggest loser ever) didn't want to play there!</b>
Samwise583::The Jazz suck. Except for Big Al and Paul Millsap
sjmcb160::...and the rookies and 2nd years that don't play
yodaspeaks::the offense is designed for them to get the bulk of the shots.
moto_4::Jefferson's 1st 3 of his career
sjmcb160::was it really?
moto_4::yeah buddy! :D
dalvarez80::I woulda hate to be on the under!
lioneyes68::cleveland &gt; utah BAHAHAHAHAHA
a_tizzy::Faygo
a_tizzy::at least we can drink pop in detroit
kcisney BYU::You eat what in Detroit? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LAnmnS0-9g
StocktonToMalone 2::Says the guy in Detroit. HAHAHAHA
TheFinalPlay::Please Baseball season come faster.... I need my Tigers, these Pistons disgust me.
dalvarez80::Where ya now DSER!
DSer24::Right here!......196.5......Under.
rickyoil::UNDER SEC HALF WINNERRRRRRRR
