ImAWitness06::Still pissed Twolves didn't draft Curry
WarriorsWarrior::I've never seen a YOUNG team like this, Do this in NBA, maybe in the nfl or baseball. You CANT WIN WITH 4 rookies and three two year players ON the road! Wow!
skuaskua::In the park, Jack would have punked that statue Favors. In the NBA, where you get paid, Jack left with a W. Dubs are for real.
jeff050578::Pretty sure they are friendly in real life. Both Georgia Tech guys.
LasVegasDDS::Golden State is looking really good this year.  I knew they would be better, but this good?  It will be interesting to see how they do when Bogut returns.  As a Jazz fan, the last few games have really showed how important Mo Williams is to the team.  Tinsley and Watson are terrible shooters and do not distribute the ball well as can be seen by their low assist total.
TOOLFAN2006::gotta like Steph Curry, easily one of the best point guards in the NBA.
mrkennedy23::Is it possible to trade Jeremy Tyler for Dominic McGuire?  At least he plays hard.  Jeremy plays like he doesn't give a sh*t.
victory lap::You dont watch many Warriors games do you @rickeye369 ?? Who cares that he cheers for big plays ?? It's ok that he's raw.. The prolem is he sucks , doesnt know how to play basketball , is the worst defensive player on the team and most of all.... HE'S NOT IMPROVING !!!!
rickeye369::is this a real post? I've never seen JT not give 100 percent, and he's one of the first ones off the bench during every big play and always by the coaching staff during every time out.  He's just not that good yet, he's just really raw.
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Nice win Dubs, Barnes needs to step up more. Yet another game where he disappeared for almost his entire time on the floor, didn't make plays happen at all. Getting tired of it.
victory lap::Barnes will be fine. Rookies figure it out after the All Star break. This was the case for Curry and Thompson.
rickeye369::He's been playing less than 20 minutes a night consistently and yeah, he's just a rookie, give him time.  I mean right now Jarrett Jack is playing over him with Klay moving to the 3 and that line-up has been working out very well as of late.
baysportsback::hes a rookie growing pains man it comes with every rookie except for guys like lebron james
baysportsback::what beidrins did tonight was good enough, if he were to make 0 points, atleast pull down 15 boards and block atleast 3 shots
seaverkyaw::Poor man's Andrew Bogut, haha
jeff050578::unfortunately he is nota poor mans anything. His contract is too big for him to be considered poor.
mrkennedy23::Any player who averages 3 blocks a game is a DPOY candidate.
baysportsback::exactly if he cant contribute offensively might as well make your defensive play strong as hell
baysportsback::hey jazz yall just lost to a "soft" team its not like steph curry had 8 boards or anything our pg
Joe Raygor::How's Harrison Barnes looking? Does he show potential?
Joe Raygor::He's from my home state (Iowa), so I do follow his boxscore. I hope he's a success.
baysportsback::hes hot and cold, but when hes hot hes fun to watch i hope the warriors keep him to see if he is the real deal, right now its just growing pains you know? but deff has solid games
baysportsback::deff has his flashes, cant wait for him to develop more!
ghettoslider::i think corbin has done a poor job in giving the jazz an identity.. the players seemed confused about what kind of offensive and defensive system they are supposed to be running
ghettoslider::the jazz need to drop tinsley or watson and pick up a younger gaurd who can actually score a few points and play a little defense
ghettoslider::and theres no way corbin should be playing earl watson at PG for 27 minutes.. the guy is averaging 2 points a game and shooting 30% fom the field and 18% from the 3 point line
victory lap::Very true
ghettoslider::i think the jazz season just took a turn for the worse with the mo williams injury.. i think games like this are a sign of things to come
ghettoslider::if j tinsley is gonna b our starting pg he has to score.. make or miss he's gotta keep jacking up those open 3's like he did in orlando when he went 3-8
ghettoslider::jazz will b lucky if they even make the playoffs anytime soon
Flash Gordon.::lets face it...the jazz suck and will never win any championships.
ghettoslider::i think when a team is just playing bad on both ends and has no energy or scoring and it just looks hopeless.. at some point the coach has to take some responsibility and blame
Flash Gordon.::Every year the Jazz are mediocre. Same old tune, same old note. But at least you guys are consistent. haha
ghettoslider::the jazz should always have at least 3 or 4 players on the floor that can take/make 3's/long jump shots if they wanna win.. they have to spread the floor.. theyre not gonna win many games by only shooting contested layups when theyre double/triple teamed
nargash::Jazz trades: Milsap straight up fro Calderon
Darkflame07::I'm an optimistic fan but there is little to be optimistic about. There is no transition defense at all but when the second unit comes in and brings better defense there is no offense at all. And the total absence of defensive rebounding is pathetic and inexplicable, nobody on the team boxes out. They just try to out jump the other guys and the second chance points are killing an already mediocre defensive team. All that said, what moves are there to make? What trade would make the team better? Any realistic scenario really doesn't make the team much better.
ghettoslider::trade milsap or jefferson 4 a talented young gaurd and play favors and kanter more
ghettoslider::i totally agree
Serg Abaka::Its not about making the team better right now, it is about the future, trading Millsap or Jefferson for a draft pick improves the team by fasttracking Favors/Kanters development while also putting them in a stronger draft position. Develop the youth, that is how the team improves.  Oh and try to get any PG that isn't 35+ and can actually play basketball
tatatatyler::I don't care what people say, Tyreke dribbling the ball past half court does not make him a PG
Serg Abaka::Most people wouldn't like it, but I would try and trade Hayward for Tyreke and let him play point like he did in his rookie season
ghettoslider::i know thats the sad thing.. the jazz suck on defense AND offense.. All i know is they need some quick gaurds who can score and they have too many forwards on the team and too many old, crappy back up PG's
BayAreaSportsFan16::ill be honest i didnt think the warriors could pull it off tonight. utah has been a tuff place for us to win the past 20 yrs or so. good win for us!
ghettoslider::the warriors just packed the paint and the jazz couldnt make any jump shots at all.. in the nba ur gaurds have to be able to make jump shots/3's!! its pretty simple corbin
ghettoslider::true.. the jazz just really dont have ANY players who can shoot from outside.. foye is pretty much it and hes a bench player at best
Darkflame07::How is the players not hitting jump shots on Corbin? Is he not channeling his in player to them enough?
bigrayray12::GOOD WIN DUBS... UTAH HAS BEEN A HOUSE OF HORROR  FOR A LONG TIME
ghettoslider::golden state would b in the same position as the jazz if they lost curry
victory lap::This is not a true statement. Jarrett Jack is better than everyone on the Jazz' team with the exception of Big Al.
ghettoslider::ya im still surprised how good the warriors are w/o bogut
MR0908::Except dubs world be better if they had their starting center and 6th man.
ghettoslider::im just saying the jazz whole season could end up going downhill b/c of the mo williams injury
supe540::No love for Jack?  He's played great all year.
Serg Abaka::Nahh, at least their backup is actually talented enough for the NBA
jumpy785::Well I'm happy the Lakers loss :)
BayAreaSportsFan16::me too cus they're in the same division as the warriors
Serg Abaka::Jazz PGs tonight, 48 minutes, 0 points, 3 rebounds, 7 assists, 7 turnovers  That is the way to win games
ghettoslider::i would love to have rondo on the jazz
fuzzjar::Who's even out there that the Jazz could get?  Brandon Knight?  Brandon Jennings?  Maybe Boston would blow up their team for and trade Rondo, but I don't think he's the type of player the Jazz want.  Who is out there?
ghettoslider::i really thought mo was gonna play well this year.. what a bust
Wombat1247::Trade must happen now!  Open the discussions
ghettoslider::jazz have to have a pg who can score/shoot 3's
supe540::Great to see total domination by the Warriors in Utah.  A  rare sight indeed!
Oaktown1029::lol, very rare.
fuzzjar::I vote for the following five as starters:  Mo (when healthy), Burks, Carroll, Favors, a new Center we acquire in a trade that plays D.
fuzzjar::Me too, I'm sad to say.  I really liked him for a while.  He is just so friggin' inconsistent.  He hasn't improved at all in the last year.  Isn't he a shooter?  How is he missing 2 free throws in a row and bricking so many wide open shots?
ghettoslider::outside of mo williams the real prob w/ jazz gaurds is ALL of them are streaky outside shooters.. even foye
fuzzjar::Hayward is the new CJ.  He's not any more of a threat than Carroll.
Serg Abaka::lol not quite, I would be happy to trade him though
ghettoslider::i think kanter could be a solid starting center.. he's got good size at 6'11 250
Serg Abaka::I would put Hayward in there for Burks/Carroll, need a slight outside threat
Warriors are the NBAs C.umdump::Goodnight Dub Fans!!!! YEA BOI
ghettoslider::jazz need a pg AND a sg
ghettoslider::burcs has gotta be better than foye at sg.. i think hayward is more of a sf than a sg but i think hes still better than foye as well
ghettoslider::good point.. corbins been too afraid to play burcs (who was a high 1st round pick)
Serg Abaka::The fact that he outrebounded everyone except Jefferson says something
Serg Abaka::They have their SG, they just need to develop him
fuzzjar::Tinsley and Marving for Westbrook and Durant!
didyougetthememookur::The Jazz got their azzz handed to them tonight.
Warriors are the NBAs C.umdump::YEA BOI
citybythebay49::18 and 9? hm off night for D Lee
DoubleV1369::lol just your typical boring night at the office for him. he sat back and let Curry run the show.
jumpy785::Good game from both.
Francis4345::Corbin is terrible. Left Carroll in the bench all game, most active player of the team
Wombat1247::like yesterday!
ghettoslider::jazz r gonna hav 2 make a trade
Francis4345::They need to keep Burks. Foye should go.
Serg Abaka::He had 1 turnover......
fuzzjar::I dunno dude, Burks sucked tonight.  He was as bad as any player on the court tonight IMO.  Turnover machine.
fuzzjar::dude, don't be so quick to judge.  there is more going on than just trying to win this game.  the trade deadline is coming up and everyone already knows Carroll is a keeper.  But Burks?  Hayward?  Foye?
45386::Thank you for understanding that the FO needs those guys to play if they are shopping them. After the inevitable trade happens, lets see what Corbin can do.
WarriorsWarrior::Go Warriors   Gg Utah!
ghettoslider::yeah except it wasnt a good game
JWiLLgsw::HELL YEA PLAYOFFS COMING SOON!!!
Warriors are the NBAs C.umdump::YEA BOI
ghettoslider::the jazz system is so much based around the pg that we have to have an all star level pg if we want to have a chance at making the playoffs
Warriors are the NBAs C.umdump::THE JIZZZ SUQ! I BET THEY ARE THE SCUM TYPE OF TEAM THAT WOULD TANK
thenickwilkins::im wanking now
Francis4345::its Jazz bench clown
AthleticWarriorRaiderPaisa::Goodnight Utah
Nate Covey::This games over. It looks the jazz could only play against the warriors bench warmers. Embarrassing
Francis4345::bench vs bench
Warriors are the NBAs C.umdump::DUBS NATION!!!!!
SB4LlFE::this guy is JuMueller (jazz's fan) trolling his a.ss off ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
Warriors are the NBAs C.umdump::Yea JuMueller, you are just a jizzz fan faggt
SB4LlFE::*yawn* you're even more pathetic now
JuMueller::SB4LlFE - Yeah, well my new screenname will be "Warriors are the NBAs C.umdump"  Looks like you are the master troll. Kudos
SB4LlFE::not mad.. just letting people know how pathetic you are
JuMueller::not me, sounds like you're mad though
676Rob::jazz have been stuck in the same spot for a long time, send jefferson to s.a please.
Francis4345::Big Al for a good PG for sure
Warriors are the NBAs C.umdump::YA MAN F THE JIZZZ
Boris_Vinson149468::Draft nba now:  http://tinyurl.com/fantasy-nba-free-entry
thenickwilkins::WHAT ARE THE WARRIORS DOING?!?!?!
thenickwilkins::the coaching staff are $@%!$@%!
SB4LlFE::bench
Warriors are the NBAs C.umdump::YEA BOI WE DUBS GONNA WIN IT ALL
mlaitkep::Put in J-Lin
Ellis_Curry::why are the benchwarmers in..... its only a 12 pt game and things are getting somewhat scary
Ellis_Curry::things were just getting out of control, they scored 10 in a row in 2 mins
ghettoslider::games been ovr 4 awhile
Serg Abaka::Jazz need to develop the rest of this season, play the 4 lottery picks as much as possible and move Millsap or Jefferson for a draft pick to have 3 1st rounders this year and build from that
Nate Covey::but first trash corbin. He doesnt play the young players enough and he never will.
JuMueller::Good game guys, keep it classy
Warriors are the NBAs C.umdump::SUK MY DIK JIZZZ FAN
Warriors are the NBAs C.umdump::U SUM SPECIAL KIND OF STUPID MY NIQQA
SB4LlFE::stop trolling, JuMueller
mlaitkep::Wow, the Jizzz suck!!!
Nate Covey::The warriors will get a nice win tonight. Congrats. Im way disappointing in the jazzs season this year. They have just as much talent as any other team in the leauge, but there is a problem with this team and its got to be coaching. Corbin has realy got to go. Oh i wish we had Jerry Sloan, this jazz team is a joke.
ghettoslider::corbin been doing an ok job so far but jazz would def b a little better if sloan was still coach
