goumich1120::Pacific Division Round Up: All about the Lakers struggles and Clippers new reign. http://pickandpopdiaries.blogspot.com/2012/12/the-clippers-warriorsand-wait-there-are.html
lazoodo::The Los Angeles Clippers of Anaheim, Orange County, USA, Western Hemisphere have exiled the LA Fakers to the ash heap of mediocrity. Past glory is no match for present superiority.
Bootney Farnsworth III::Look at the Clippers, they are a juggernautic dynasty now.  At this rate Kobe's going to need plastic surgery to maintain that condescending smirk.
Tarrekun::As a Clippers fan, I have also been thinking of nicknames for the LA Clippers bench. "Bomb Squad" or "D-Bomb Squad." the "D" is for defense since the bench's trademark is their defense. Bomb is appropriate because the bench is “the bomb” they are great!  Also, they explode, they increase the lead when they come in and their defense is everywhere "like when a bomb explodes." They are explosive, esp. Bledsoe, Barnes, Odom and Crawford, when they hit some bombs (3's) that blow the game open for the Clippers!  Since the LA Clippers’ bench is awesome when they increase the lead, play great D, get lots of steals, blocks and rebounds.  I came up with D-Run Bunch, Clip Artists (they are great on D, like “Fine Art”), Clip Run Unit, Clips D-Run Crew, Clippers' D-swarm Gang, Clippers' D-Run Squad, Lob Town, Lob City Two, D-Hustlers, Lob City Plus, Lob City’s other First Team and Lob City's D-running Adrenalists.  An adrenalist is a real fast boat, like a clipper boat.  I know some of the names are lame.  Anyways, other names are: D-Party Crashers, D-Party Pack, D-Hustling Strippers, D-Stripping Hustlers, D-Hustling Strip Crew, D-Suffocating Hustlers, D-Lead Extenders, Omnipresent Defense Gang and D-Omnipresent Five.  I hope it lights a spark and inspires you to come up with a great nickname for the Clippers’ bench.
Dez Bryant Class Act::With the depth the Clips have, they can compete with anyone in the league
Foshiz Honkizel::"Maybe they can get there own darn buidling, I am tired of all this red and blue confetti all over"  - Jim Buss
09Skeet::Clippers are good this season.  That is all
jloutletdeals99::Great for the clip show!
JavaleMcGee4MVP::"Lob city" is nice to watch, but they can't hang with the top teams. Also, Griffin is immensely overrated.
lk352515::This guy knows nothing
WareTheTDsAt::is that right? they are the only team in top 5 in both defensive and offensive rating and blake is second only to Duncan in PER at the position... yea i guess he overrated lol
LobCityCP32BG32::I think you missed the beginning of the season when they beat memphis, miami, and san antonio twice
JoeClipplet::Doyers, what happened when we lost to Hornets last time? WE WENT ON AN 11 GAME WIN STREAK.....  Your remark is void
Doyers Baseball::And lost to the cavs okc gsw etc
kobepac24::As good as the Clippers have been their thread should stay busy. Laker threads stay busy with fans and haters. Guess the clips haven't been good long enough to have their own following of haters. Once they get that they will have made it. Congrats on the club record for wins in a row.
LA Clipp Joint::Keep up the great work !!
Jeremy Lin Superstar::Anthony Davis:  15ppg, 8rpg, 1bpg  Survey Says: BUST!  Next draft pick! :-P
vicmo25::Durant's rookie season = 20.3 PPG, 4.4 RPG and 0.9 BPG  Davis's rookie season = 14.8 PPG, 7.9 RPG and 1.9 BPG  seems like a better all around player to me.........(so far)
vicmo25::He's only a rookie, calm down........i mean damn, peoples expectations are so unrealistic now-a-days. Kobe's rookie season he averaged 7.6 PPG, 1.9 RPG and 1.3 APG and only started in 7 games his first 2 seasons and look at where he stands now............Davis is just a rookie, and when opponents come to play in NO all they do is just focus on him cuz they got noone else, give it some time  before we call him a bust. He's only played 25 games in of his entire professional career
nylee64::Best basketball team in L.A. and it will be like that for years to come
b_jud::Did Donald Sterling really say "hip hip hooray!!!" in the locker room?  He doesn't even know how to celebrate winning.
runukraine::Please tell me someone got that on video and it'll be a gif in the near future
rjc5527::11 in a row is impressive, but their best win is against a bulls team minus D.Rose. Haven't beaten any strong teams during this streak. But kudos for beating who they're supposed to beat.
PTP112::also that okc game wesrtbrook did not guard pual at all that game.
lk352515::Beating teams that you are suppose to beat is a sign of a good team. Learn some basketball
WareTheTDsAt::lol funny you should say that about the clips when okc has had a much weaker schedule and have barely even played on the road... say what you want but number dont lie and the clippers have better number then okc that is the supposed favorite in the west
JoeClipplet::By "Kicking Butt" you mean losing in overtime when Paul was a non factor in the game? The BENCH got us to Overtime against YOUR STARTERS  YEAH... THAT'S KICKING OUR $@% BRO!
jano2412::But OKC kicked your butt last time!
Kokriderz::Unless you are the Lakers and lose to pretty much everyone.
JCDish::Ok so this 19-6 team sucks right, is that what your saying? Every team beats who they're supposed to beat, and will lose one or two to strong teams. The Clipps are still 19-6.
Westjag::I didn't realize how well the clippers were doing. I've mainly been paying attention to my Thunder. Good to seeClips do well. I don't understand the people on here calling people "bandwagoners" just because the people FINALLY have something to root for.. just like some people called OKC fans bandwagoners when the team started winning in its second season. Those people are just mad because their team is either irrelevant or making headlines in a negative way
JCDish::Lakers
JoeClipplet::Suck*
04Nico22::Best Clip team since the Elton Brand/Corey Maggette and Sam Casell team.
04Nico22::Jamal Crawford is the best 6th man in the league, Barnes is playing  well , Lamar  too, Bledsoe is great
PTP112::true that!!
JCDish::At Clippers practice today...   CP3, Blake Griffin and the rest see Kobe Bryant walk into the gym  Kobe: "Hey can I stay and play with you guys?"
ChrisLA2010::LMAO. they would sell their souls to have the career kobe has had thus far. Funny joke though
04Nico22::Clippers vs Thunder in west finals.
04Nico22::and Clippers missing Billups, they will need him for the playoffs.
ron4317::How could the Clippers win when nobody on the team took 25 shots or more? I don't get it.  Anyway Clippers suck. Go Lakers!
PTP112::So if no one takes 25 shots we are not good team? ....haha laker fans are dumb
JCDish::How is it that Kobe scores 30+ and the Lakers can still lose games? That my friend is something you should answer before you start asking dumb questions.
JCDish::Mr. 12-14 talking junk about a 19-6 team. Way to look good Laker Fan.
JCDish::Man Laker Fans are so blind and dilusional
TrojanBeliever92646::It's time for Vinny to start getting some props
Idris5249::Clippers are bad @ss. now, I'm a Suns fan, but i know the Suns will probably not make the playoffs. before i wanted the lakers to win it all because i want Nash to get his ring. but now, taht probably wont happen either. I'm liking the clippers, they're a fun team to watch. So, if my Suns dont make it, i hope the clips win it all. i actually hope any team besides the Heat and Spurs win it all....f.u.c.k both of those teams!!
44Owen44::Oh great, the Clippers finally get good right before the world ends.  Figures.
PTP112::you are a hater
Mole49ers::sign of the apocalypse.  lakers are tragically bad and the clippers are a top 5 team.  this world has gone to hell. :P
jabbadonut::Go Clippers!
Dez Bryant Class Act::Clips are my pick to represent the West this year....tremendous amount of depth on this team
Westjag::I respect the clippers. I would just like to see them prove themselves in the playoffs. Til then OKC team to beat
JCDish::The Thunder will have something to say about that.
Sazeracian::The Hornets really need to cut ties with Eric Gordon and bring someone in who can actually stay healthy and contribute.
15steele15::Teams tire out the end of the season if they do not pace theirselves....Clipps are 19-6 and last year started 22-10 then got swept first round....they are seven games away from 32 games to see if it is so far a repeat from last year.....Where I am trying to get rest your players from time to time and pace yourselves to a healthy playoff
jabbadonut::The Clippers did not get swept, 1st round, last year. They beat Memphis 4 games to 3 in the first round. They got swept by San Antonio in the conference semi-finals. Do your homework.
Ustna9::Well....if you have been paying attention, the Clippers rarely play their starters more than 30 minutes/game. Only one "starter" played at all in the fourth quarter last night and that was not the first time they have done that.
Fourth_N_Troll::Current power rankings. Final. NO DO OVERS 1. Spurs 2. OKC 3. Griz 4. Clips 5. Lakes (on the rise)
Westjag::Explain again why Spurs would be in front of OKC
BRAY5150::Okc then clips then it don't matter
AGermanTaco::The Clippers have a great bench and starters... look forward to them at the conference finals!
hungurr::CP3 is all time great. Can dish the ball with the best of them and can also pour in 30 plus if needed. Behind only lbj and kd this guy is a must have player.
Carbon-based::He will be in ny next season bet on it
BRAY5150::Haha not a chance. Good joke though
15steele15::untill the playoffs
ulforlife::Do your research before you make stupid statements. He struggled last year because he was hurt. Two seasons ago he single-handedly took the lakers to 6 games averaging 22, 7 and 11.5 including a triple double of 27, 13 &amp; 15. And don't forget about '08 when he took the Spurs to game 7 in the 2nd round with multiple 30+ games. He's got a better team now than he did then imo
BRAY5150::Dumb comment
Jackiemoonsexy::Good coach = Winning streak   - ???
TylerAllen86LA::Lakers = Internet Explorer Clippers = Google Chrome
Ustna9::great analogy!
TylerAllen86LA::this might me a little "thick" for some people! Hint = history!
Jordan Wears Cargo Shorts::all of a sudden clipper fans are worse than 2010 heat fans..
TylerAllen86LA::do you need some tissue to go with that wine!
coljetsfan::To all you Clipper non-believers....do you believe now?
15steele15::no last year same post do we believe....well forget what I believe...what I REMEMBER is a first round sweep after a good regular season
BRAY5150::it was a 2nd round sweep. If your gonna talk crap at least get it rite
TylerAllen86LA::The only people who don't believe in the clippers are lakers fans! We call that denial!
Potnip77::New reversable jerseys for sale!!!!!!! One side it's Clippers and the other side is Lakers!!!!!
TylerAllen86LA::I know no one who reps both! No One! As a LA resident... trust me... its one or the other!  majority of laker fans are over 40! majority of clippers fans are under 30!
AzFan1337::Than everyone from 31-39 are starting to choose lakers?
Potnip77::Since when do the Clippers have fans? I know I never heard of any until the past couple years.
TylerAllen86LA::we have always been here....quietly waiting...for the day they take this city...and that day has come!
TylerAllen86LA::Clippers Bench &gt; Lakers
TylerAllen86LA::I've always been clippers bro! To be honest I did respect the lakers for a short period.... but once phil left...so did the reason... Try facts next time you talk about someone!
BRAY5150::Sounds like a laker fan to me
Rodneycash20122012::that from a former Laker fan.
bobbybail::OG clip fan can u say hello benoit benjaimin hello doc hello loyd vought
sk8er_2004_1986::I just traded my Kobe Jersey for a Blake Griffin jersey. They put the Kobe jersey on the sale rack.
TylerAllen86LA::hiring mike no D antoni didn't make sense either but you dont see anyone calling them out one tha.....wait wait actually that would be tens of thousands!
bobbybail::rodney u dint get it salvation cause the lakers need someone to save them cause they suck thought i would break it down for u
witelightnin::No, you're just too stupid to understand it apparently.
Rodneycash20122012::you still dont make any sense.
TylerAllen86LA::womans urinal? What about the lakers locker room?
Rodneycash20122012::huh?
Rodneycash20122012::traded your Kobe jersey?  At least you admit to being a bandwagon clippersuck fan.
bobbybail::they sent that jersey to the salvation army cause thats the only ones that can save them chow
Rodneycash20122012::you make as much sense as a women's urinal.
mckay323::Hey I started an office pool, 5$ to join. guess the number of points the lakers will lose by each game, the person closes to the number wins!!!!
TylerAllen86LA::who in the office said "why are we talking about the lakers"?
hawkman2k13::Benji Wilson is a legend #25 RIP
bobbybail::WOW! CP3 5K assists outstanding UR a master of ur Craft  CLIPS 25 game win streak GO CLIPS
TylerAllen86LA::Sometimes he looks like hes directing traffic!  Magic was a better driver Even on passing Dribbling goes to CP3! as far as hand skills go...not driving or shooting...but just ball skills....maybe the best EVER!
bobbybail::almost the same vision as magic they just have the feel for the game they where made for that position
TylerAllen86LA::CP3! Best point guard since magic!
underpiker::Guys, it's ok to root for both LA teams.
bobbybail::Yes slap ur self and also the flaker fan
TylerAllen86LA::Do you live in LA? Cause 98% of everyone I know here...would say slap yourself! Go Clips!
doggbrown1::VASQUEZ 1-7  7 TURNOVERS. WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
doggbrown1::WHO DAT GOIN BEAT THE HORNETS? EVERRRRRRRYYYYOOOOONNNNEEEEEEE....
eric-bledsoe-666::i  keep  hearing  this  gossip  of  trade rumors,that  clippers    might  trade  bled and jordan  4  that  pig  nose jefferson  4rm  the  utah  jazz,that  would  be  a  stupid  move  if  that  happen.
TylerAllen86LA::DJ is going to be top 3 big in NBA by 2014! Bledsoe is top 10 PG now....true might be #10...but still top 10! This would be very very dumb!
sautan::No way its going to happen. Don't worry. Unless its DJ + Bled for DH12
eric-bledsoe-666::HELL  NAH DWIGHT COWARD  BLOWS
legendjr_27::"The Clippers ain't broke so don't fix it. Now the Lakers on the other hand?"  - Old Georgia farmer
eric-bledsoe-666::lets  make  it  12 in  a  row,f%k demarcus cousins on  friday -blake  griffin
TylerAllen86LA::cousins always gets upstaged by blake...and thats past! Blake is much better this year...and cousins is the same... that game is OV! If they can just get through the celtics....there is no reason this can't go to 20! 20 being the lakers btw!
abbadobad::I don't get it.
legendjr_27::Hou, Utah,Dal,Port LaL, or Phoe. First one to 48 wins gets the eighth seed. It's the Law!
Mole49ers::then count LAL out of that.  I'm betting 44 or 45 wins for them this year.
