George Jimas::watch, when rose does well against arguably the worst team in the league, who also has no point guard, all the chicago fans will say he's back. then when he plays awful again the next game, he will be 'rusty'.
Kyle Raymer::sounds like bulls fans can't win with that flawed logic.  Thats usually how trolls set you up though isn't it.
Brendyn Scott::Just saying the Jazz are better than their record... Have struggled the last two games with foul trouble which has made them turn to bench players who shouldnt be in the NBA. Dont forget two PG's who shouldnt be in the NBA either....
Brendyn Scott::If there is no foul trouble I expect this to be close.
Paul Steeno::Once Rose starts dominating again all you Rose haters will go back under the rocks where you came from. GO BULLS
Nolan Hughes::Yeah, and once I make a million dollars I will then be some what rich.
Nathan Nieves::finally. boozer got some help. hi luol deng.
Chris Choate::It's no wonder the Bulls have so much hate, when our own fans are blind and idiotic.  Rose is without question an MVP player.  His problem the last couple years, was all the hoping and bouncing all over the floor, instead of gliding.  The injuries were a result of not protecting himself.  You need to all go back and watch the footage prior to his injuries, then fire yourself and become another bandwagon Heat or Pacer fan.  Worse than all the Cowboys fans screaming to get rid of Romo.  Commenting on forums doesn't make you sports literate or even watching them.  It blows my mind how many players and fans throughout sports have no clue on the rules and basics.  The Bulls will be fine, just let them get their chemistry back for crying out loud.
Arlonte Duran::After going 0-for-5 from the floor with a turnover when guarded by LeBron James in Game 4, Derrick Rose struggled against him once again , going 1-for-10 with two turnovers in Game 5. Rose shot 6.3 percent from the floor in the series when defended by James, lowest among any player that defended him on five or more plays.
David Twiztidjuggalo Madhouse::u need a life
David Rolf::Must be hard to use copy/paste.
Sayenden Supramaniyam::David Twiztidjuggalo Madhouse excuses
Brandon Tigues::deng plays a great game..lead them to the win headline on sportscenter: rose leads bulls to 2nd win of the season
Brent B Jacoby::further proof the bulls are better when rose shoots less (even better if he does not even play)
George J Banks::Proof that you are a idiot.
Sayenden Supramaniyam::George J Banks It's actually been true this year...sadly i have him on my fantasy team
Nathan Nieves::i dont know how this guy can say further proof when there wasnt any proof of that to begin with PRE INJURY. Oh miami u say, guess what the bulls wouldnt have done much better with their leading scorer in the series inactive. Unless ur idea of winning basketball is scoring 65 ppg. which i wouldnt be surprised if u thought that.
Arlonte Duran::Westbrook is the most explosive point guard in the nba
David Twiztidjuggalo Madhouse::get a life hater
John Keros::Deng 38 mins in a blowout.  Don't about a triple-double.  Shouldn't have even been close, if played <30 mins.  And don't say we risked a comeback loss.  You don't go 38 mins in a blowout.  You take advantage & sit.  Thibs should've sat him.
James Incredible-Jackson::I've been saying this for 3 years now: LOUL DENG is the reason why this Bulls team is a contender. When the Bulls let him walk next summer, they'll find out how undeserving of that MVP Rose really is.
Kyle Raymer::Rose deserved every bit of that MVP.  Anything he did before or does after means nothing of if he deserved that MVP or not.  The MVP was for that season and he clearly carried his team that year.
Brandon Tigues::deng doesn't get enough credit..dude's good and he deserves to be a 3 time allstar by now, but I don't know if he's the reason the bulls are a contender..it's more to do with they're defense and rose..because without rose they're terrible offensively, as you're witnessing now.
Jorge Bouza::Deng will be gone by the trade Deadline.
Taylor Manes::Haters everywhere...smh,.. While rose is getting money you're fat and sad so all you do is troll 24 seven because you want something rose has...
Luc Whissell::A poor jump shot? Naww, I don't want that.
James Incredible-Jackson::Deng: 16 pts, 9 rebounds, 8 assists, and 3 steals.........  And Rose will get "110%" of the credit for the win on ESPN. Smh.
Arlonte Duran::KING JAMES WILL WIN ANOTHER RING THIS YEAR.......BOW DOWN HATERS
David Twiztidjuggalo Madhouse::you mean buy another ring
David Twiztidjuggalo Madhouse::by the way it's funny how your saying haters when this game has nothing to do with miami or lebron so maybe your the one hating
Brandon Tigues::if rose sucks this bad after sitting out an entire year..could you imagine how bad he would've been had he decided to comeback during the playoffs, that was the best decision he ever made.
John Barisnikovattalaka::Made sure he kept that contract haha.
Andrew Khellah::I know I sound crazy but Jazz will win this. Their D is respectable and the Bulls are still trying to come together.  This is one of those early season steal picks, which is why the line is suspect (8.5?).  If this game was in February the Bulls would easily take this game by 15 or more.
MikoSwabe Rosales::I think Loul Deng needs another All-star caliber player to his TEAM (Chicago Bulls) to WIN IT ALL this year!!   Rose is far from being the type of player Chicago needs...
Deanthony Patton::can the guy have the chance to get back in form (practice and nba reg season game are 2 different things) i mean deng was never in a conversation for mvp plus rose hasn't even showed us that extra 5 in' vertical, improved shot, but he has become stronger and if you remember MJ wasn't his self when he came back 1 1/2 after foot injury  and took him a year to get back in form (rose might be the same or take longer or shorter let him play off the rust...because its like this imagine if you took a year and half off of studying or taking algebra  then after that time took a test over what you learned 1 1/2 years ago...how do you think you would do?)
Robert Lossmann::And what's a joke is ESPN's lead is Rose leads bulls to sec win?? What did he do ? Not much it was deng
Brandon Tigues::lmaooo! I called it!
David Twiztidjuggalo Madhouse::there's no i in team rose can still contribute to the team even though he isn't scoring much
Brandon Tigues::David Twiztidjuggalo Madhouse  that's true..but he shouldn't be the lead though when he wasn't even the leading scorer
Luc Whissell::Pretty sad when a 3-8 night raises your seasonal shooting %.
George J Banks::Pretty sad your on a Bulls message board hating, when we don't give a darn what you think anyway. Stick to hockey.
Steven Christian Shaw::George J Banks Regardless of how little you care about his opinion(since Rose will get the rust off and be the elite PG he is) your don't have tell him to go back to hockey and as far as you know he may be a fan of Rose just upset at Rose's current play. Ah well I just read his other Rose comments and yeah he IS a hater lol sorry about that.
George J Banks::Steven Christian Shaw Man please, he is just looking for a reason to bash Rose. Get used to this, but like I have said in previous posts, laugh now cry later. These haters think Rose will continue to struggle but it is a matter of time. People were saying Rubio was done to last year when he struggled for a few months, then he started torching players.
Luc Whissell::Good game Deng...Bulls will win in spite of Rose.
George J Banks::Lot butt-hurt rose haters on here mad from when rose was torching your team before he got hurt. Hate all you want as long we continue to build on our win we bulls fans can care less what you think.
George Jimas::lol you beat a team who was 0-5?
Luc Whissell::Impressive win lol.
George J Banks::George Jimas Your point is, we don't make the schedule. If the bulls would have blew this game you would be talking about how we cant beat a 0-5 team and its all roses fault. Buzz off haters. I bet we make the playoffs and will be a high seed, so keep hating.
Arrum Ghast::Derrick Rose is a shadow of who he use to be and in both cases he never assisted enough and was and is a terrible defensive player.
Will McCoy::he was top ten in the league in assists his 3rd and 4th years.......and he was the best offensive player on the team..........and he is hardly a terrible defender....nate robinson is a terrible defender. as much as people like to talk about derrick's defense he practically never got out played on that end of the floor...so go figure
Nathan Nieves::dude u dont know what ur talking about. like will mccoy said he was an elite assister before the injury and was far from terrible on the defensive end. In fact played ELITE defense on the elite players at his position.
Robert Lossmann::Maybe he's not mentally ready to play yet its time he gets over the knee surgery or he will not b the same player
Arlonte Duran::Oh my gosh !!!!! Will this be the game rose will have more assist than turnovers????
Colby Black::Go Jazz! Maybe the Bulls fail to show up for a 0-5 team and the jazz puck up their first win? One can dream, right?
Brad Kneubuhler::It can happen....but Go Bulls!!!!!
Bobby Richardson::did Rose forget how to make lay ups?
Luc Whissell::He's also forgotten how to shoot.
