Broncman17::Why is it that during this funk every team seems to have a player who goes off and has a career game against us???? I mean come on, Curry's a nice player and all, but last night he looked like Jordan !!
paul2285::True, the Rockets were pulling 3's outta their A$$ as well
Pusherman3::I knew this was going to be tough stretch, even without injuries.    This is what the Nuggets would have looked like if they had gotten nothing for Melo...good thing Gallo, Moz, Brewer and Chandler will be back at some point.   I would rather have them struggle now and then peak later on with a healthy team.
paul2285::But still they look like a bunch of hopeless fools, someone needs to step up and show some SACK!!!! .........this looks similar to the Rox nose dive last year
jayeteee::When you have a coach that's as inspirational as watching paint dry, that alone makes it tough to get motivated. :)
TQ9475::Exactly.  It was going to be tough regardless of injuries this month.
AuthenticProphetic::gallo for mvp. obviously he means more to this team than anybody thought.
Rambomonster9::or the luck is running dry...... they need JR SWISH!
Spursdc::Fluke
paul2285::What a pathetic bunch of losers feeling sorry for themselves. This "team" concept has fallen off a cliff for some reason, they're not playing the same kind of ball they were just 10 days ago!! They're back to being unwatchable just like when Melo was here
Spursdc::Somethings never change
jayeteee::Some things???
Broncman17::Horrible, horrible funk. Nuggs are better than this. I'm sick of all the 20ft. jumpers. I'm not sure I have an answer. I'm hoping coach Karl does. Hopefully Brewer can return soon joined shortly thereafter by Chandler. Anything.....just continue to play hard and maybe we can turn this around.
nba is the worst::Nuggets with a 7-7 home record, but 8-0 vs the leastern conference.  Strange days...
kabokeyz::How the mighty Nuggets have fallen..!!!!
Gatormattman::Not that Melo is doing anything for us, but, Nugget fans have sure gotten really quiet on the Knicks boards, of late!
Cabbage Mark::Melo being hurt doesn't give much to talk about. Danilo being hurt affects the Nuggets.
Ross0622::Klay Thompson is heating up... get that guy more playing time!
diehardnr1::Congrats to the GSW....wish I could make as many 3s in my dreams...  Officially the worst Home Court "advantage" in the NBA!  I understand Nuggz are not going to get any "superstar" calls for obvious reasons....BUT the away team getting ALL the "home" calls is getting downright sickening.  And refs seem to "let em play" in the paint...until  at seemingly the worst moment for the Nuggz they decide to "tighten it up" and start calling nitpick fouls in crunch time after allowing Nene to get mugged for 3 Qtrs??!!  sickening  The Fernandez "clear path" was an obvious trip caused by the GSW player...but turned the game around....then Nuggs have a chance to cut to 4 late and GS gets bailed out again....sickening...  ps to Karl....Jayeteee hit it right on the head....START your second stringers idiot!  Use Faried and Stone wisely off the bench....Start Koufos, AAA, Ty, AlH and Nene (iow...your second stringers due to injuries!)  Not sure if Nuggz will benefit enough from reinforcements in March to rebound from this apparently endless slide...Here's hoping for a strong stretch run!  GO NUGGETS!!!
jayeteee::I can't add anything to that, dh. :)
mikeymccreesh::5 losses in a row and still a better record than the Knicks, just sayin'
kabokeyz::not for long.
efizzle1400::yea great conference record too
thumbfar::So 8-0 against the East? that doesn't sound too bad
efizzle1400::1-3 division?
Lemoney_3::keep em coming tough guy
efizzle1400::7-12 is mightily ignored
Lemoney_3::ignored and flagged
Jamaal 43::What's wrong with the nuggs?
kabokeyz::Ran out of lucky charms.
diehardnr1::Karl....and injuries...and inexperience...and nobody stepping up like early in season...and...
nerdherder2321::just showed my balls on chatrouelette
cougsfromseattle::cool bro
Joeantnam::Suck eggs Denver. Dog of a team
dredubs99::quiet you! we're injured
cougsfromseattle::how does this trade sound Warriors fans?  Ellis, Wright, and Beidrins for Paul George and Roy Hibbert  Im pretty sure the cap situation works and I think it works out player wise too.  Golden State gets thier center in Roy Hibbert  they get a player with a very high ceiling in Paul George who right now already injects some much needed Defense along with a good enough 3pt shot to score offensively. If he taps into his potential, then he could be an all star SF. pairing his defense right now with Klay's offense could be a good wing combo.  Indiana gets the Star they need to get to the next level in monta. they get a good defensive center in Beidrens. and they get a great 6th man in Dorell Wright.  What do you think?
cougsfromseattle::Indiana needs to win now. If they think monta could be a superstar (which if he gets his head on straight he will) then it is definitely worth it.     throw in some picks if it sounds better
efizzle1400::i just dont see what bringing in monta and getting rid of george and (old man) hibbert will do for the hoosers......they have solid pg play and george is emerging
efizzle1400::no way indiana does that trade
Jaggerton::Dorell always plays under the radar, but he's the guy I want to see on the floor the most.  He rarely makes mistakes and he can light up/silence the crowd.
Dovahkin1980::Moron Denver fan: "LULLLLZ MELO SUXXX HE KANT SHOOOTTT LULLZZ HEE IZ A BLAK WHOLE LULLZZZ DURRR"  Rational Knicks fan: "He's playing on a bum ankle, a hurt wrist, and a sore back, doing whatever he can to help his team win games. How about those Nuggets, losing every game due to injuries?"  Moron Denver fan: "DARRRRR ITZZ DIFFRUNT WITH DA NUGGITZ LULLLZ WE PLAY LYKE A TEEEEEM!!"  Rational Knicks fan: "I'm just saying...if you wont accept Melo playing injured as an excuse for his bad play, why should we accept yours?"  Moron Denver fan: "UHH....UHHHH....DURRRRR DARRRR.....UHHH.........................................MELO SUXXX LULZZZZ!! BLAKK WHOLE!! BLACKK WHOLE!!! MELO SUXX!!"  Rational Knicks fan: *hands Denver fan a loaded gun and urges him put it to his head and pull the trigger*
TQ9475::If only there were rational Knicks fans....just accept that Melo is a shooter, nothing more nothing less.  And definitely not a leader, by any stretch.
AuthenticProphetic::Kobe plays injured all the time. The difference is, Carmelo uses ticky tack injuries as an excuse not to play, whereas Kobe plays despite them... And still plays well enough to help his team win. Face it, your man is a one dimensional player that doesn't make anybody around him better.
naes666::do you talk to yourself when you play the skyrims too?
Eric6203::With all of Denver depth I'm surprised they are struggling this much. I think Denver misses Cory Brewer more than any other player. His length, hustle and defense helped Denver's defense get back on track when the offense struggled. I wish Cory and his family the best and hopefully he will be able to return soon.
gsraider::Seems to me that Jackson is starting to accept this team as a running one and not holding them back like games before and yet they play some good defense down the stretch
kzwider::Wilson Chandler to the Nuggs? http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/02/wilson-chandler-to-resign-with-nuggets.html
supe540::It seems that w/o Gallinari in the lineup the W's are a better team than the Nugs.  W's a big man away from being respectable.
espncomnba::DENVER let one get away.  They and  Portland are back to earth now.  Houston will soon join them.
naes666::let one get away? ...was a blowout till the end...what game you watching? you must be NBA ref?
imhungry13579::if only steph and monta would be on fire together in the same nights...the warriors would be unstoppable.  im reading ppl below questioning monta's scoring value, and let me tell u...put him and rose's numbers side by side (last year) and rose is not much different, let alone better.  rose just plays with an amazing defensive squad...if monta was in his place i believe chicago would be just as good...thats my two cents...we only get to see star players on one team during their prime usually, and then we compare them and rank them, but its really all speculation when u dont know how theyd perform under different coaches, and with different teammates, in different systems...imagine lebron on the lakers with shaq instead of kobe and i wonder how many rings lebron would have for instance.. obviously rose fans and non warriors fans and even warriors fans will get on my a$$ for comparing monta to rose, but i really think monta is as good a scorer as rose or kobe.  none of em are high% shooters, theyre volume scorers
WarriorsGO::I dont think Rose is that great either. Hes good but because hes on a great team he gets more hype.
Trev28nba::6 more days until Wilson Chandlers team will be eliminated from the Chinese Basketball Association and the Nuggets can sign him and have him save the season.
mkhouri2875::No Mozgov for size, no Gallinari for shooting and posting up and it seems like this team wants to sit and shoot jumpers like it's a game of HORSE.   This team thrives in the open court running. Lawson, Miller, and Afflalo are all inconsistent mid-range and 3-point shooters. Defenses have figured out that if they get back on D, they're likely going to see a lot of dribbling, indecision, and then a 20-footer with a second and a half on the shot clock and a long rebound. If the fast break failed, they had the opportunity to work it with Gallo and into either Mozgov or Nene.   I don't think Nene is 100% but right now they can't afford to sit him. Had Mozgov not been hurt, I think it would be easier to give him a week to sit and rest his foot. That isn't an option until he comes back--maybe. They may be too far back to do it even in that scenario if they want to see the playoffs.   I think they need to play it out till the All-Star break and assess then. If they're still in the hunt because everyone is having "one of those nights" and injuries are springing up to the teams around them that keep things close standings-wise, I think they sit. If they're starting to fall off a cliff, they may need to consider making a move before the trade deadline for either another post guy or a shooter to help space the floor and make room for Nene inside and allow guys like Lawson and Afflalo to attack the paint.
jpm70127::Denver needs JR bad!
mkhouri2875::Maybe not him specifically, but a SHOOTER. Someone that can light it up from the arc. They have zero floor spacing. A guy that keeps a defense honest outside will allow guys like Lawson and Afflalo to get to the hoop or allow Nene to work inside. Right now defenses know that Denver likes to get to the hoop so all they have to do is crowd the lane and force jump shots. How do the Nuggs like playing that game? Look at the last five games.
mkhouri2875::I'd go to Mike D'Antoni for player analysis the same way I'd go to Kim Kardashian for marriage advice...
efizzle1400::indeed but i remember when that $@%!$@% mike dantoni said hes the best shooter hes ever seen
mkhouri2875::He hits just enough and at just the right time that you have to respect it as part of his arsenal. Because he can stop and shoot or take you off the dribble, you have to almost pick your poison when playing him. Do you body him and let him dribble around you or do you play off him a bit and let him shoot over you? He has the ability to do either better than anyone on Denver's starting line up.
efizzle1400::the funny thing is that gallo is not as good of a 3pt shooter as you would think.....he is actually better off the dribble go figure
efizzle1400::gk hates his guts
zazak222::monta is the best scorer on this team, no trading him.
dsphillips100::well this is a little different Monta has shot 53% from the field before for an entire year
SB4LlFE::when monta scores a lot, the team loses
Jayjaybe11::That's a stretch for their previous game.  Ellis went for 48 against the current top team and they lost 119-116.  Ellis missed a three at the final buzzer.  Lots of should-woulda-coulda there.
WarriorsGO::scorers dont mean $@%!
efizzle1400::even if you wanna cling to this argument and say detroit had no scorers...they are the outlier from the last 35 yrs
FriscoWarriors415::Monta plays no D
WarriorsGO::no hes not known as a scorer. Hes known as a guy who comes off screens and hits shots. Scorers do it in multiple ways.
efizzle1400::lol rip hamilton is not known as a scorer?
WarriorsGO::AVERAGE. They are not known as scorers they are known as good players. last post cuz this is dumb.
efizzle1400::no but thats not his best attribute.....rip hamilton was a scorer...sheed was a scorer....
WarriorsGO::what are u talking about? god your confused im done talkin to u.
WarriorsGO::ISNT THAT was a scorer does? SCORE? we are not talking about average scorers. Udoh can score 15 points a game with enough shots does that make him a scorer?
efizzle1400::thats not what you said... u said scorers dont mean anything
WarriorsGO::who averaged more then 20 points a game?
efizzle1400::that team was full of scorers what are you talking about
WarriorsGO::And your telling me Curry cant score?
WarriorsGO::ask Detroit when they won?
efizzle1400::no the key is efficiency how can you win with no scorers?  no team has ever done it
WarriorsGO::SAME THING, they are scorers wtf
efizzle1400::well melo and monta are apples and oranges melo has been playing point foward all season which is not his position...monta is a guard so im not sure about what hes been doing
WarriorsGO::It makes sense because MONTA SCORES, but shoots at 42%. What does that tell u? IM sure Klay Thompson can score if he averaged 20+ shots a game like Ellis. I like efficiency over fancy scorers. Look at Melo, Does he hurt or help the Knicks. Obviously he hurts the team.
efizzle1400::how does that make any sense?
Zippppppp::Denver is FADDDIIIIIIIINNNNGGGGGGG
Zippppppp::Yeah the level of play overall has been trash as well, but hey I'm pretty sure ratings have been very high so who cares how good the product is.
Zippppppp::From everything I read it's doing far better than recent years
efizzle1400::i think those are the only games that count cuz every other game is regional
DenverDiehard35::u sure? I heard besides like nat'l televised games ratings are trash
efizzle1400::if they were smart they would have tried to push it back a couple weeks
efizzle1400::this whole nba season has been an epidemic every team has had major injuries smh
WarriorsGO::how is anything I said like a E thug. Your a dummy and prove it with every comment u post.
DenverDiehard35::and someday u will learn internet thugs are lame. im not emotional if u only knew me
WarriorsGO::So emotional lol. I see tears through your typing. Its ok u will wear big boy pants one day.
DenverDiehard35::shut up fa*got. im not crying.
WarriorsGO::quit crying. everyone has to deal wit it.
DenverDiehard35::this scheduling is a joke. the league is so selfish they tried to make same amount of money in less time, now ppl are getting fed up and leaving
DenverDiehard35::nah, just lots of injuries
spendit_101::DEPTH MEANS EVERYTHING NUGGETS
lightbulbthinh::the warriors is going to the playoff
mikeymccreesh::you is smart
Jso2527::I hope you is going to school as well
EthanG.91::Hey, good to see Klay getting some minutes and a few points.
naes666::Klay is garbage
FriscoWarriors415::He should start instead of monta. He is better then him and is just a rookie. He doesnt take dumb shots like monta and has been consistant
WarriorsGO::I agree. Should trade Ellis for a Center.
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::Why are the Nuggets struggling so bad now?
dsphillips100::they played the east early in the season now they are playing Western conf teams. pretty simple
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::Oh, you guys should get back on track then
DenverDiehard35::lets hope!
DenverDiehard35::injuries, Nene Afflalo and Lawson are just coming back and Mozgov, Gallo and Brewer are all out
FriscoWarriors415::When Curry has a 30+ point game. we win. When monta has a 30+ point game. We lose. Doesnt that show something warriors? TRADE MONTA ELLIS.
Kobethamvp24x::Get Anthony Davis on this team, and you guys can contend for a playoff spot
PoRtEr_24::WARRIORS BABY!!!!  Should have beaten OKC the other night too
thewolf1616::hey denver...DENVER SUCKS!!!!! denver's gonna suck this year
DenverDiehard35::tough guy
gt1master_ike::Yep and so do the t wolves. 0_0
FriscoWarriors415::I think tonight proved that we need to trade monta. He does nothing for the team. Klay/rush can take his spot. And we can get a good center for him!!
WarriorsGO::Biedrins is ok for a BACKUP center. not a starter.
FriscoWarriors415::Haha he is that big man that could box out and grab rebounds for us
efizzle1400::he has been surprisingly average this year lol
FriscoWarriors415::I know what you mean. The thing with biedrens, He slaps at the ball. He always gets in foul trouble. He plays soft. We need someone big. We sure are missing kwame Brown:/
jmak18::i thought kwame was a really bad signing at first (they should've been able to get him for a lot less than $7 million) but he was the only low post guy we had that could compete with all the big bodies in the west. biedrins doesn't have the bulk to play 30+ min a night without fouling and his confidence is shot... udoh is a revelation on defense but he's still inconsistent and doesn't bring it every night... i can't believe im saying this, but i miss kwame, too
efizzle1400::i agree but im not sure who is out there better than what you guys have.....  Lee is pretty good and biedrens and udoh are decent
FriscoWarriors415::Why not though? Other teams could really use him. We can trade him and one of our big men for someone.
FriscoWarriors415::We dont need him. He has a low basketball IQ and we have other players who can take his spot. He is a ball hog also
dreamhax::trade him why? they play the hot hand every single game. monta played fine tonight.
efizzle1400::i dont think you will get a good center for him
GerardoE303::LMFAO WARRIOR FANS UR STILL 9- 15 HAHAhAHAHA :-D
dreamhax::denver still lost. gtfo
dreamhax::sounds like you're mad. who laughs when they lose? stop trying to hide your emotions.
GerardoE303::y u mad thou?
spendit_101::WILSON CHANDLER BETTER HURRY UP
spendit_101::DENVER???????????ITS QUIET
nerdherder2321::ya?
DenverDiehard35::yo
gt1master_ike::crickets........
efizzle1400::wow the nuggets have the second most conference losses on NO has more
phatty3327::well gk you gotta earn your check and get a win in indy
GerardoE303::gt1master_ike needs to get the fuc.k out of here, u go for the hornets dumb a.ss
gt1master_ike::hahahahhaha, you mad son?
gt1master_ike::Not at all. The hornets have been through worse times than this.
GerardoE303::u mad?
gt1master_ike::Hornets suck as well but we are in a rebuilding stage.  Nuggets aren't
GerardoE303::not at all SON, u go for the 4-22 hornets u should be mad hahah :-D
feeldabern::that over had no right to be that close... was a joke
phatty3327::what a disgrace.  denver stop the bleeding
CamNewtonRising::Tim Tebow is rolling over right now
wdean22::Give me any scrub to coach this team who doesn't believe that the smaller you go, the better. George Karl puts out Lawson, Miller, Afflalo, Fernandez, and Nene??? And they lose even more? My god he's such a friggin moron. I supported him 100% as this teams coach but he's completely lost whatever intelligence he's ever had. He's been given full control of this team and he's blowing it. Unbelievable.
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::Let's not all go bashing each other's teams now. Good game and good luck the rest of the way. Let's leave it at that :)
phatty3327::aaa nice of you to show up in the blow out
wwsi pprofit::lucky under my a33 game was headed way under till final mins
