Knewmoney::I was worried for a sec turned back after spartacus and the warriors did Wat they should do the rest of the season I'm sick of being the best of the bad teams so if your a real  warrior fan do the rite thing and pray we don't win another game this season
kozanski2000::To get one of the top 7 draft picks and not give it up to Utah, the Warriors can afford to only win three more games for the rest of the season.
ragcity2012::Yeah that Wallace trade was dumb.    *sarcasm* lolololololol
KORNETS::don't do drugs
99LALO::NETS= WINNERS
99LALO::nets=LOSERS
marat75::Warriors = Wizards
WarriorsWarrior::Good loss. Now learn to finish kids.
Mets2410::NETS! what a comeback! Wallace 24 and 18 and D-Will with 20 assists! wow what a game
scv1981::Here is the fine print. "Due hard economic times the GSW will forfeit all their remaining games (meaning watch at your own peril)". See you Next Year!
OptimusPrime4.0::I parlayed the clippers and nets.... nets comeback from a 20 point 2nd half deficit and in the clipper game chris paul hits the game winner.... lol What are the chances of such events occurring lol
snoogins51fu::The co-owner has already given up on this season.  The best player (Curry) is pretty much done for the year.  The big trade prize (Bogut) was never going to play this season when the trade was made and the team isn't exactly in the playoff hunt, even with a shortened schedule.    For the first time in the past 20 years, I actually don't want to see the Warriors try to win any more games.  I have to wonder what draft/free-agency moves they can make to get into playoff contention next year, even with teams like Lakers, Spurs, and Mavs getting another year older.
NBA_2K12::I bet it must suck to be a Jersey fan. I mean Jay Z is such an attraction that everyone wants to play for the New Jersey Nets right? He is so popular that Dwight, Lebron, Melo, and many other stars rejected them.
crimson-knights123::is there a bandwagon you havent jumped on yet?
NBA_2K12::How does it feel to lose Deron Williams to Dallas next season Jersey fans?
HailToTheBlueAndGold::feels pretty good. because his terrible shots are putting us in holes.
Jeff7429::Warriors will get pummeled at the Lakers next.  $$$....there's a short term price to be paid for losses like this.
tron78887888::ah shaddup
Jeff7429::are u comparing the Warriors to Memphis ?
Jeff7429::didnt play it.
tron78887888::and i bet u had lakers beating memphis, too.
Jeff7429::it will happen.  slow start Sunday, watch.
tron78887888::unreal
supe540::That's some line Jefferson put up.  How long do the Dubs have to pay him?
jt419::dont remind me...basically buying a 1st rd. pick is what Jefferson amounts to for us...he might get bought out next year...
screwhead2305::20 assists?? really
jt419::I appreciate all the Warrior fans that checked my column tonight    http://trappedingoldenstate.blogspot.com/
damon0614::In my opinion you lose a game like this up 20 in one quarter against an injury riddled team someones head should roll.
damon0614::This is what is fu cked up about pro sports teams get rewarded for playing like $@%! they need to change this bs somehow to hold teams accountable so they can't lose to win. Something like the losing teams not in playoffs with the best records choose first so that tanking games and robbing fans of hard earned money won't be tolerated
Rembrant360::Yeah, jackson was probably like 'GUYS!?! SUCK! We CANNOT WIN!'
supe540::You do know the Warriors are trying to tank to get their bottom 7 protected pick don't you?
jt419::hell no...Dubs needed that in a major way...we can only win like 3 more games if we want to keep our pick and add to bogut, curry and lee next year...
KORNETS::its no guarantee either way with ur pick its a LOTTERY
DPetro10::LEGGGOOO NETTTSS
metsnlchampsxxx2012xxx::This Green kid is the real deal, he is the future...
DPetro10::Hell YEA
DPetro10::Gerald Greens dunks way better the blake's hands down
sheen25::That is just some dog s*it.  Unreal.
metsnlchampsxxx2012xxx::This is the best game Ive ever taken... how unreal was that comeback? I thought the Jenkins 3 sunk me but D-will drains one like only he can
jt419::the thunder game and laker games were great games and losses...dont get any better than that for the dubs...  I appreciate all the Warrior fans that checked my column tonight    http://trappedingoldenstate.blogspot.com/
thekola::That's easyily the best game they played this year. Showed heart.
dallas_214texas::both teams suck get ready to leave d will
DPetro10::You stupid hick
Amazin Metropolitan::another bozo Mavs fan...smh
43stevennguyen::THIS GAME IS JUST LIKE PORT AND CLIP NOW
Joe_Dro::Glad the W's found a way to lose this game. I was worried they might win. lol... We need that lotto pick. Sorry Utah....
jt419::with you 100%  I appreciate all the Warrior fans that checked my column tonight    http://trappedingoldenstate.blogspot.com/
Amazin Metropolitan::Wallace played well tonight but we are going to need more than him to keep D-Will and put a championship contending  team on that court
spcoon::lopez is coming back at some point...
darwinislord::Are the Warriors the new Clippers?
Joe_Dro::The W's will be taken very seriously next year. Can't wait.....
seaverkyaw::I don't really like shameless advertising, but I have to admit, your blog is well thought out.
jt419::nope...ownership is ready to tank AND ready to spend...clippers only ever do the first part  I appreciate all the Warrior fans that checked my column tonight    http://trappedingoldenstate.blogspot.com/
Jthizz69::Gerald Wallace looking like he did back in Charlotte. huge game. Deron's assists were nice but it was the Warriors and he shot like poop
jt419::I appreciate all the Warrior fans that checked my column tonight  http://trappedingoldenstate.blogspot.com/  Tank on baby, tank on!
DPetro10::To say thay deron williams is not a true point guard is a joke 20 $@%!$@ assists. Also Green is a monster wallace is a monster and way to come back down 19!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Go NETS
jhop88::Meanwhile, the Nets are 18-35...yay!!!
DPetro10::Not in this game but I have heard it before Deron &gt; Rose
jtthebrick14::Yeah, sounds like someone has only been watching Deron for half a season.
DPetro10::Nets fan all my life watched every game he has played in $@%!$@
Jthizz69::i don't think anyone says he isn't a true PG
DevastatorBonesJones::LOL put that meltdown up there with the magics one today.
43stevennguyen::NOTHING LEFT TO SAVE AFTER THIS GAME HAHAHHA
jt419::Never gamble on Warrior games folks...that is the lesson of the day...just don't do it please...save your money
Jeff7429::i'd fade them for a few.  this game isn't an 'instant' recovery situation.
43stevennguyen::NETS GOOD FOR THIS FIXED GAME
DPetro10::haha u $@%!$
MichaelCANTBESTOPPED::Gerald Wallace is a beast! nuff said!
Jeff7429::for ONE game ?  lmfao..... his career has been permanently fading the last 3 seasons.
metsnlchampsxxx2012xxx::HAHAHA, Where is that guy that said he won 5500? I had Nets and Portland baby yesssssssssssss
thekola::you are all a bunch of liars.
chucknorrisi389483984::i can manage this loss... no worries haha...
chucknorrisi389483984::lol dude i am up big today... chill..
Danglehossa::Lol, probably crying
chucknorrisi389483984::i am sure you would cry if you lost that much.... oh wait you never had that much money lol
damon0614::Wow un fu cking real had 3 team parlay to pay 700 and everything comes in except this one which I thought was the lock afer 3 quarters wtf happened if anyone was watching?
gboylbc::I think he was saving his time outs for the next game what an idiot!
rickers1823::There coaxh is mark Jackson.   Biggest joke in nba.   Team should be disbanded
seaverkyaw::They tanked.
Danglehossa::$@%! happens all the time dude
darwinislord::Wow, this was bad even for the Warriors. This loss was Clipperesque.
Jeff7429::Fade the Warriors for a few games now......short term trainwreck i'm afraid.
chucknorrisi389483984::THIS IS AS CLOSE TO A FIX IT CAN GET IN 4th qtr ;)
trevorcabo::Everyone said in 1st half it was NJ who was fixing the game
9erinsider::2 games out of lottery position
jt419::uphill battle but we're up for the challenge  http://trappedingoldenstate.blogspot.com/
9erinsider::The schedule is in the favor of tanking.  I hope the rest of the Western conference will oblige.
Cylincer::Joe Lacob: Tanks for coming.  Go Warriors!!
jt419::tank on baby!  http://trappedingoldenstate.blogspot.com/
KORNETS::YEA BABY GET UPP!!!!! THATS WHATS GOOOD GOO NETS YEA BABY!!!!!!!!!!!! GO NJ GO NJ GO!!!!!!! NJ NETS NETES NETS NETS!!!!!!!!!
jt419::anybody else rooting for the warriors to tank?  http://trappedingoldenstate.blogspot.com/
Quezy82::The tank was strong in this one!
Battlecam::strong 4th Quarter...
