222222222boomboom444444444::so when are the nuggets gonna give the lakers wilson chandler?
washheightsboy3::in some kind of three way trade?
washheightsboy3::Another game that will keep Denver from home court in the playoffs.  They never learn.
saintsrapackofcheaters::Ive been using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar for betting. In only a month I doubled my starting balance. you will find the system on google by searching for sports betting system. .
Dantoni Owns Spoelstra Forever::Really? Every time i try using that site it sends me a lot of spam and steals my credit card number.
cmullen69::Goran Dragic is the best player in the league, and no one else is even remotely close
dwade grater den jordan::lol dwade and lebrons ownes dragic guys is a joke
gouhuskies3::way to take that seriously... good effort
hokienation135::Dragic is a beast
dwade grater den jordan::lol its funny cuz both teams r complete jokes and will never win a nba finals ceries
watercrews22::C's had the Heat and the lost the series, not the Heat winning it. If Rondo was treated as if he were wearing a Heat jersey, different story. Let alone the Pacers. Lakers had the Thunder in every game and Mia would've been useless vs their size. That will be proven this year again. Not vs LAL to be exact but many others. Then Wades injury from flopping will happen (karma) will seal the 1 trick pony. Not to disregard that LBJ is STR8 BEAST....   How's the job search coming along average Heat fan?? Wait, you didn't know the economy was in the shitter and you voted for a coward puppethead that seems to think his job is to say and not act and party with A Listers instead of what is actually asked of and done by all but maybe 2 others, lead and have a backbone, protect the innocent (overseas!!!) not bailout the lazy (Not all are, but he doesn't make an effort to extradite those that are... You all say that until someone else strolls in for the title. The new CBA rolls in hard for its first true run through next season, effecting this off-season obviously. Gonna be hard to add depth to a maxed out cap now. Wait til those mid-level exceptions, sign and trades are non-existent. Such teams have depth issues now. Wade is fragile, Bosh is less explosive. Lebron will flashback to his days of Cleveland and realize he could've plugged it out where he was and probably pull it off. Irregardless, Lakers aren't even worth mentioning their depth. Thunder already gave a pre-cursor what it will be like to the real small market clubs. Nuggs are deep and young. Have the best GM in the league. They will be in the discussion for several years. Ultimately IF the NBA were true hoops and REMOVED what I like to call the "Stripper Rule" where punks like Wade, Chalmers, Ray Allen, and the Pau, Durant and co cannot exacerbate being touched but yet touch all they want with no afoul whistle, TEAM hoops will be legitimate threats. For example like a younger version of the Celts (Bulls), Spurs, Mavs, Sixers, Pacers, Nuggets, even the Clips.   Good win Suns. Congrats. Best o' luck.   GO NUGGETS.... Lets get on the same wavelength and impose the depth we have especially at home. But I also think it plays into a very solid tough club as the season grows longer and longer. I wish minutes were available for Hamilton, Fornier, but they're time will come... Remember still adjusting to losing a big time player off the bench that brought a spark and some size, boards, and  a j. GK will improve on all this and this is just the start. Gonna be a tough as nails squad come January and on (when things really take shape)
2419clippard::I bet you've been a Heat fan for about three years or less...I bet you haven't hardly watched a single Heat game the past three years outside the playoffs that wasn't on national tv...go to the Heat board and join the thousands of other Heat band-wagoners and you all can discuss how crappy a fan you all are...also DWade doesn't come close to Jordan; either you are trolling hard which based on your comments above is more than likely true, or you're an idiot based on the fact you cannot spell or put together a proper sentence using the English language
cmullen69::And the most uneducated comment of all time goes to.....
dwade grater den jordan::huh?
jayeteee::...The guy that spells series w/ a c.
cobra7282::It's kinda hard when like 4 teams have 3 or more all star caliber players on their rosters. There is only so many of them to go around.
Milk Was A Bad Choice7::Great win for the suns. http://milkwasabadchoice.weebly.com/ I didn't think Gortat would be as effective without Nash, but he has been a pleasant surprise so far this season.
Milk Was A Bad Choice7::Gallo needs to either start scoring or shoot less for the Nuggets.
Kmull152::Great win for the suns. http://milkwasabadchoice.weebly.com/ I didn't think Gortat would be as effective without Nash, but he has been a pleasant surprise so far this season.
Cardinals-Diamondbacks-Suns-Sun Deils.::4-4 isn't so bad. We need to beat the Bulls on Wednesday because we've got some tough games coming up,including 1 against the Heat. Dragic is FOR REAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GO SUNS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
charlie hustle bets the over::i can assure you, dragic is not for real (although he is solid). once again the nuggets played down to their competitors. once again nuggets perimeter D was atrocious.   the story here is how badly the nuggets are playing, not how good the suns are.
TrueRufi0::So what he's white, he's a real true fan. Learn how to spell by the way, Wade has nothing on Jordan, and bring it on Spurs.
Texicano10::bout them spurs whitey!!!
dwade grater den jordan::ur wite!
financeguru1::Great win Suns.  Double figures abound. Come on Chicago!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dickerson1268::I will start by saying I am not a Denver fan, so I do not know: Why does Javelle McGee not start of Kosta Koufus?
watercrews22::He certainly shows the "ceiling' of a guy that is a freak of an athlete. Nothing but praise from the Nuggets circles for the way he has conducted himself from the day he arrived and the work he has put in and shown that he 'wants' to improve. More importantly he is self-motivated and willing to be coached and taught up. The guy is VERY raw. But he is also the age of a senior in college. He is very explosive and long. He'll get it toned down. He may look like he is in too much of a hurry to make things happen or what I like to call 'giving the right effort and pep, but needs to harness that effort into playing 'under control' more consistently. Very common for guards. He's still getting used to that length and athletic frame. Noone can know for sure if he ends up becoming a multiple All-Star and NBA All-Defensive team. He has the genetic makeup to jump out of the building. Biggest of all the signs. He's shown that he is coachable, but  also wants to be coached and be better. That Nuggs braintrusts like their chances... I can see 10 million easily for 3 and an option. He'll continue to slow down and I imagine that other bigs that play against him notice what he could do if he lands 'consistency.' He runs the floor incredibly well, possibly better than any center in the league and busts his ars. DeAndre Jordan gets $9 million or so and the guy can't make a bucket unless its a dunk. Shows incredible inconsistency but has that highlight like Blake per night and because its in "LA' he's a cold killer. The fact that he wants to make things happen and the people that are around him everyday, say nothing but great stuff is encouraging. Jury still is out. I'm pulling for him esp in a league that has become so full of lil pompous lil whiny girls that have images and a perception that sports fans have said they relate the least to than any other professional league. Reason they continue to remain stagnant in US markets esp smaller markets.
wristedhip::I heard this comment yesterday: It doesn't matter who starts the game, it's more important to everyone who is playing in the fourth quarter (I think this comment was in reference to Andre). McGee had more minutes than the starter tonight, and I think the big contract is for his great offense, shot blocking, and his growth potential. I sure hope it works out for him.
dickerson1268::Id agree, but I just do not see a team spending 11 mil a year ((or 10, not sure)) on half a game of a player
wristedhip::I'd say I am a casual Nuggets fan, very casual, and I think Javelle McG has a tendency to make several mistakes in a row or become a quick foul magnet. I think he also is considered a work in progress and a perhaps more of an explosive addition off the bench than a regular defensive stopper. Perhaps, and this is pure conspiracy, Karl likes to keep him on a tight leash given his up and down history. He certainly made Kris Anderson expendable, and he has a big upside. Take all this as more opinion than fact though.
Davis_Mike::To me, it looks like if he plays any longer than 5 minutes at a time, he is useless. Conditioning may be an issue.
broncosroxnuggs::ty lawson single handley cost us this game .Good job ty .Your on the block
charlie hustle bets the over::?? ty had 12 pts on 63% shooting, and 8 dimes. if you want to point fingers, gallo refuses to shoot over 40%, much less 50%, like the rest of the starters. he's straight garbage right now.   gallo will keep shooting, but until he starts hitting, this team is doomed to mediocrity.
schniece12::don't blame it all on him
broncosroxnuggs::youve got to be kidding me.Hes been HORRIBLE the last 3 games
Jimmywilson33::I really hope Denver's plane chrases into  the rocky mountains. Those stupid $@%! have cost me so much money this year that's it's not even funny
schniece12::That's not their fault. Stop gambling!!! You should've learned after the first time
arizonasting13::Dragic-Harden-Beasley-Scola-Gortat... ugh what could've been.
Geo2043586::good win suns! :D
timetodienow1234567::PHX is a SG away from being a contender.
arizonasting13::this is true, thats why Im still depressed they didnt land Harden. Would've made them a legit top 6 seed.
Davis_Mike::No one could match what Houston gave up for Harden.
arizonasting13::Okay Marcin, I apologize for my rant on you earlier. I still think you're an okay center but you need to stop being a pu.ssy sometimes.
J Flem::lol agreed
nogicat12::Night everyone see you all on wednesday GO SUNS!! #Big3!!
arizonasting13::later man
arizonasting13::Reds have what, 2 playoff wins in the last 15+ years?! HAHAHA
nogicat12::and that last series  EPIC CHOKE
nogicat12::Cardinals 8====D ~~~~~~~ (&gt;')  Reds (Yum!)
charlie hustle bets the over::???
TimT92::Why no Beasley in the 4th?
Votto4mvp0055404::arizona fans remember being up 6-0 and losing 7-6 in cincy??  oh and getting swept at home ??? hows henry blanco doing ??LOL
Davis_Mike::As I recall, neither team made it to or won the WS. So those games mean nothing.
arizonasting13::ZING
Orange6O2::Who gives a $@%! about Henry Blanco?
nogicat12::exactly
arizonasting13::we have a top 5 catcher of our own anyways... MIGGY. This guy makes no sense.
arizonasting13::At least our last WS was one that people actually still remember.
charlie hustle bets the over::you mean your only WS? 5 &gt; 1
jasond361::Nuggets should start losing so that they fire George Karl
dcyxc2004::http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/fire-george-karl-now/
ryanvdonk::fix your petition, george did have a good relationship with kemp and payton.
dogs::who won this? my scoreboard is messed up
Steve_0492::Yeah I keep getting false hope that the Nuggets have a chance to win lol
MetsoooNLoooChampsooo2012::Suns
arizonasting13::Suns by 10
dubzcheckem99::The Lakers
nuggetzalltheway23::iight Good Night Guys!
Votto4mvp0055404::reds owned the cards this year and would have owned them again in the nlcs if we didnt choke  krusty needs to go
Orange6O2::mhmm
nuggetzalltheway23::Lawson: 5 Minutes Left, Close Game, Hot Potato Time Right? Miller: Right! For You...ill Play Keep The Potato!   -Minds Of Lawson And Miller in Crunch Time!
PHXNation::Another DNP for Marshall. I just don't understand Gentry, Telfair has had his chances and is an average role player. Give Marshall a shot to play, let him develop and see what he can do. Suns won't make the playoffs this year so we got nothing to lose to gamble on Marshall.
PHXNation::Good point, but Suns were a competitive team during those years plus no rookie would get much PT behind Mr. Nash. I love Goran but I think Telfair shouldn't see the floor at all and let Marshall do work.
Davis_Mike::Have you not seen the history of rookie PG(s) groomed in PHX?
Davis_Mike::Let me remind you: -Don't play them to start the season -Play them limited minute in the second half of the season -Let them play more in the second &amp; third seasons -Trade them before their 4th season -Reacquire them via FA after that
PHXNation::He's delusional and probably thinks Suns will be a Cinderella this year haha. Markieff is rounding out to be a stud this year.
dubzcheckem99::Maybe they're keeping him a secret because the Suns know he sucks really bad. If its a secret, at least they can sucker a team into trading a low 2nd round pick for him some day.
PHXNation::It's no secret he can't shoot or score the ball, period. However he is a great passer and show some flair in summer league. He reminds me of Andre Miller ha
Orange6O2::This is also a possibility
Orange6O2::I don't think Gentry thinks about the big picture
arizonasting13::Reds need to get on the knees so they can suck the Card's dic.ks a little more efficiently.
nogicat12::Reds = cardinals $@%!$
MetsoooNLoooChampsooo2012::Come together suns nation... lets forget about Harvey breaking the all time strikeout record for a pitchers debut against you or ike davis's 3 hr game and celebrate... Not only me winning 100 here on a cake walk but the suns proving the preseason is a good way to gauge and destroying those clowns in denver. I pledge allegiance to the swag of suns basketball.
arizonasting13::thank you sir, harvey is legit
Votto4mvp0055404::okay to all the morons here listen :  miller is a clutch veteran he SHOULD be in there during crunch time chandler is a bum and should never play another minute koufos is garbage and should also never play in a denver uni again mcgee needs to do somethin about his asthma so he plays some more minutes gallinari needs to stop waiting til the 2nd half to actually do something the ENTIRE TEAM needs to work on their free throws . we can have extra 2-3 W's by now if we knew how to shoot from the line
ryanvdonk::miller and ty can't be in at the same time to end the game.  it takes ty out of the game when miller is running the show and miller is worthless as a shooter when ty is at the helm.  it works against backups in the middle of games as it creates lots of opportunities in transition.  but when the game slows down it hinders the team...and im not even factoring in the huge hole on defense and rebounding left by only having one big in the game.
Paterade::Awful energy. Awful effort. Jordan Hamilton needs some minutes on this team over Chandler right now.
Luncey612::Agree with everything except the Miller comment.  As if the TOs and offense wasn't bad enough...the defense almost made me vomit.
jasond361::Miller should not have been in there. He turned the ball over during a pivotal moment and Dragic turned that into a three for the Suns.
nogicat12::If the suns can find a way to win one of these next three by a miracle, it will go a long way for the confidence of this squad
Orange6O2::They should be motivated against LA
GrandmasBoyDawg858::95% people  on here are ESPN workers SMH
Luncey612::Andre Miller was an absolute joke tonight...time to think about hanging 'em up already.  Point guard play in general was atrocious for the Nuggs tonight.  Both Lawson and Miller got bent over...
arizonasting13::37-37 since last year. Woo for being average
Orange6O2::Conspiracy
Votto4mvp0055404::arizona fans mad reds whoop diamondback a$$  your team blows
Davis_Mike::Your tears sustain us.
Nets369::Reds are worthless
nogicat12::bahahaha for what? nice choke against the giants  reds = cardinals bi.tch
Orange6O2::Yawn
arizonasting13::when was your last WS? hmmmm
GerardoE303 III::<b> FIRE GK </b>
dcyxc2004::http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/fire-george-karl-now/
jasond361::God damn dude, Miller in crunch time? Wtf is Goerge Karl thinking.
dcyxc2004::http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/fire-george-karl-now/
ryanvdonk::the problem with your petition is that it has falsehoods in it.  george and payton have a great relationship. and he was the only coach kemp ever had any respect for...
gsin1202::u couldnt score one more f--king point.  NBA for sure is rigged.
d-nyce-::wow 212 is way too much.  Been there though, it sucks
Orange6O2::Yep, total conspiracy
d-nyce-::for the over?
arizonasting13::GG Nugget fans
nuggetzalltheway23::Atleast Black Ops 2 Comes Out in a Few Hours?
dubzcheckem99::Hell yeah. Gonna sit around and smoke a bowl. Then kill people through the first prestige all night.
nuggetzalltheway23::Lol
PHXNation::ALREADY GOT IT.
nuggetzalltheway23::What Source?
Votto4mvp0055404::@nogicat  atleast i dont rage when my team is sucking
nogicat12::At least I dont troll that is the saddest thing really it is
Orange6O2::He rages when they are playing well
nogicat12::this is true.. lol I always do
GerardoE303 III::Ty Lawson has only had 1 good game all season...
MetsoooNLoooChampsooo2012::Im 100 dollars richer thanks to GORAN IM PLAYING FOR THE TROOPS DRAGICCCCCCCCCC
nuggetzalltheway23::Good Lineup Again Karl! No Center Replaced With a Choke Artist in Lawson.
ryanvdonk::you must have memory problems...ty was very clutch last year.  the two point guard lineup is what's killing us, as miller hogs the ball and ty falls asleep in the corner, happened the past two games and ty goes flat.
dcyxc2004::http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/fire-george-karl-now/
d-nyce-::Why didn't they count that pass of Dragic's to Shannon Brown as an assist? I needed that for the win
d-nyce-::i'm so pissed
Orange6O2::It's a conspiracy
gibsontbone199::good win LETS KEEP IT UP FOR THE LAKER GAME
PHXNation::These suns are one tough team to beat at home. Nuggets are a solid squad. Good win PHX!!
NickBenCor::$@%! this game pissed me off. im gonna drink myself to death
Kamikazi02::NickBenCor - $@%! this game pissed me off. im gonna drink myself to death
MANCITY THO::lol
Orange6O2::Bye
Kamikazi02::Nuggets you suck...
