Rhys III::Who is this J pargo.
Excelscior1::How does an NBA team shoot only 36% against Cleveland. Phila is so inconsistent and offensively challenged. SMH/LOL
famman1968::started playing an online bet system called Sportsbettingstar. Since I started I have made an average profit of $3,000 a month. I hope that this reaches someone that is looking for an online betting system that really works well. I found this system on the 1st page of Google by searching the  words Sports Betting System
KyleFromWork::I really dont give a sh@@...
JohnsonnnL::Where did Jeremy Pargo come from with 28 pts
memphisfan10160::largo came from memphis
BTrocksbutt::He's had it in him his whole career, just needs to be given the opportunity to ball. The man is an absolute magician with the ball and a great finisher around the rim
YenxRenx::Exactly as I said, Cavaliers are better without Kyrie the selfish ballhog....
YenxRenx::The "players around him" just put up 92 points vs the 76ers......they put up far fewer last game when Kyrie the ballhog played. Good teams spread the scoring around instead of constantly handing the ball the the same selfish guy. Kyrie is a cancer.
ricky2213::Cleveland once won 4 games without Lebron James..Just because they won one game means nothing..Kyrie will be top 5 pg in a few years. He would average more assists if the players around him could make a basket..Please learn basketball before making idiotic statements
chckn440::pargo&gt;irving
YenxRenx::Pargo = 1.000 player, Irving = .200 player lmfao
chckn440::fine jk  pargo&gt;lebron tho
yata-9arasu::Lol.  Cool story.  Tell it again.
xBombScience::what is going on with waiters? he was having some good games with bad nights here and there, now hes in an all out shooting slump hasn't shot 40% in atleast 4 games in a row now.
yata-9arasu::He was bound to shot like this at some point.  He is a rookie, and everyone struggles.  Not only that but he is a streaky shooter at all levels.  I would be pumped if he ended up shooting 45% from the field and 36-37% from 3.  He is going to be a solid player.
Mr. Bradford::The 76'ers - Top 5 in defense, bottom 5 in offense. Sorry the Lakers gotta cornhole y'all with the whole Bynum mess.
mrkennedy23::I'm still trying to figure out why the 76ers started Kwame Brown over Hawes.
T.O.G.M.S.17::May be a little premature to say this but I think Jeremy is the next Michael Jordan. just look at that last highlight he did. Jordan-esque
HotdogSalesman2012::just a little bit premature
number1lakeboy::We have found our backup PG. Good for Pargo.
YenxRenx::Your backup PG is Kyrie Irving, the guy who has led the Cavs to a .300 record during his tenure, there.hahahahah Kyrie is a selfish ballhog who doesn't understand tem play. He only played 11 games in college, so he never learned the game...
quickbr0wnf0x::Yeah, he B trollin'
ricky2213::one of, if not the dumbest comments i have ever read on these espn message boards..you have to be a troll you cant possibly be that dumb
martysparty2042::Cleveland rocks
TheBrownestBob::Jason Kidd, Chris Paul, Darren Collison, Kyrie Irving, Jeremy Pargo... heck, even Lester Hudson was balling out for a bit... Byron Scott knows how to coach PGs.  It's been proven.
TheBrownestBob::Ramon Sessions as well.
BasketballTensai::is Jeremy Pargo the next Jeremy Lin? Why is it people with the name Jeremy always have one crazy game?
BTrocksbutt::Absolutely could be, his skill set was unreal in college (except he wasn't a great shooter, he's improved that though) but he's never been able to limit his turnovers which has caused him to never get the opportunity to showcase his skills at the NBA level
lakeshow8424::"BOWLING!"  -Jim Jones
nietoadrian::irving overated
yata-9arasu::Lol.  No. Try again.
Sportsman45029::if celtics, knicks, nets all lose tonight? ill be  one very unhappy camper in the morning! ABSOLUTELY PATHETIC SIXERS DONT TAKE ADVANTAGE OF OPPROTUNITIES TO GET AHEAD. ITS LIKE A BUNCH OF VIRGINS PLAYING OUT THERE!
DrawohWasHere::Okay Cavalier fans....   I've got to go watch some Moonshiners.    BTW, I don't know how those guys aren't caught yet.   It's not like they've been hiding their identities on this show in it's 2nd season.   Yet we'll spend about a trillion bucks this year trying to find pot growers, sellers and buyers.
yata-9arasu::Have a great night!  GO CAVS!
just2940::RG3 or Luck
DrawohWasHere::Both Wilson and Weeden are actually a better deal for their owners.    They get paid a lot less.
frazinat0r244::I agree
frazinat0r244::Wilson!
DrawohWasHere::either would look great in a Browns uni.   However, Luck is just way over anyone as a rookie.    I mean the Colts were the worst team in a decade and just like that, badda bing badda bang, the Colts are good again.
orange_63::weeden!
orange_63::please tell me the browns will not hand out white flags sunday...........sorry off topic, but this is ridiculous
quickbr0wnf0x::Still, it will be seen as symbolic!
ricky2213::its not like they are all white..its just white with the browns logo on it and says some stuff..People make big deals for no reason
MVP MIGGY 24 new account::bye guys maerry christmas and happy new year, thats probably the next time i will see you since you wont be on after saturday
yata-9arasu::Same to you sir.  Even though you have been trolling.  Lol.
DrawohWasHere::I'll be as always.  Bobcats are going bowling.   Bobcats beat the pooopies out of Michigan in March Madness.
frazinat0r244::Pargo&gt;Nash
DrawohWasHere::actually, that photo is probably the best one I've seen in the last 5 or 6 years.
frazinat0r244::yeah, these new espn board people don't understand.. just* is new.
DrawohWasHere::Made something in my depends stir.
just2940::your profile picture&gt; poo
frazinat0r244::sexier than yours
PhiladelphiaPhil30::Pargo &gt; Ragu
just2940::Ragu yuk!
PhiladelphiaPhil30::I like this Italian Tomato Sauce brand sold at grocery stores. I forget the name of it though and I'm too lazy to look in the pantry...
just2940::Ragu brand. I'm a Classico kind of guy. maybe Primo
PhiladelphiaPhil30::Do you not like tomato sauce or just the Ragu brand?
MVP MIGGY 24 new account::my last post shut you all up lol
frazinat0r244::Miggy MVP is a joke troll name anyways
just2940::What was the post. I;ll have something to say
SRStark20::MVP MIGGY 24 new account - All you loser two facers were cheering for the tigers over the yankees and the packers over the steelers so shut up
SRStark20::I was going to reply, but the grammar in the post was so awful, I wasn't entirely sure what you were saying, so I chose to ignore it.
just2940::Pargo&gt;Jure
GetEmJov::oh he was trying to spell Jrue, yeah his mother gave him a F'd up name
DrawohWasHere::who is Jure?
just2940::HOLIDAYY. The guy who shot 6 for 16 for Phil
just2940::lol I can't even joke. Jure&gt;Pargo
SRStark20::Well. I think I've stated my case well enough for tonight.  Cavs fans, see you Friday, and Buckeyes fans, see you Saturday.
DrawohWasHere::Don't forget to watch the Ohio and Kent State game on Friday.  Go Bobcats!  *although I realize Kent State is most likely going to roll this one over.    Too many injuries for the Cats.
yata-9arasu::YES!!!  Have a great night!  Hopefully I can be on the Buckeyes board Saturday(work UGH)...  I really want to see if MIGGY 4 MVP will be there...  LOL!
SRStark20::Save his quotes.
just2940::PAARRRRRGO!!!
DrawohWasHere::works for me
orange_63::sounds like a ravioli dish......
MVP MIGGY 24 new account::All you loser two facers were cheering for the tigers over the yankees and the packers over the steelers so shut up
DrawohWasHere::miggy, I never root for the Yankees or the packers... or the squealers for that matter.
orange_63::hahahaha........boy you need to loosen up, have a drink smoke some weed..........
MVP MIGGY 24 new account::SR STARK, SO OSU FAILED IN 2006 AND 2007?
DrawohWasHere::miggy, you need to go watch Hard Core Pawn.
SRStark20::Sure, we've failed a ton. You can't achieve victory without sacrifice.   Also, it's SRStark20. Thank you.
SRStark20::MVP MIGGY 24 new account - INDIANS ARE AWFUL, CHRIS PEREZ IS A DUMB HIPPY, THE INDIANS ARE TRASH THE INDIANS ARE TRASH TRY WINNING 70 GAMES LMAO LMAO _______________________________________________  In my book, if you don't win the World Series, you failed. So the Tigers are on the same level as the Indians in failure. You may of been a bit closer to succeeding... but who cares? You still failed in the end.
MVP MIGGY 24 new account::SO OSU FAILED THIS YEAR THEN
SRStark20::That may be the case, but we won't have to worry about that next year.  Michigan has failed as well. As have Pistons, Tigers, and likely the Lions.
MVP MIGGY 24 new account::EVERY GOOD CLEVELAND ATHLETE WOULD LEAVE IF THEY HAD A CHOICE LMAO NOBODY EVER GOES THEIR
DrawohWasHere::They're...   Their...   There  English is a difficult language.   We all realize that.   But at least we in Ohio are wiling to try and help the ignorant.
yata-9arasu::Lol.
orange_63::lol
yata-9arasu::*there
orange_63::r u lmao?
SRStark20::I can't wait for Verlander to bolt after his contract is up. Same with guys like Monroe and Stafford.
DrawohWasHere::This made my depends jiggle a little bit.
MVP MIGGY 24 new account::just like kyrie,choo,perez
SRStark20::Considering that we are going to trade Choo and Perez.
orange_63::the one cavs game I miss and they decide to win this one!!!!!!!!..................fml
yata-9arasu::Lol.  So happy I was working the last game against Philly...
DrawohWasHere::I didn't think I"d watch with both Bo.oobie and Kyrie out with Zeller AND Tristan Thompson wearing face masks.   It was a thing of beauty.  And to top it off they had to beat the refs as well.    Worst one sided officiated game I've seen in years.
yata-9arasu::I agree.  Happens all over.
DrawohWasHere::It's bad and frustrating, but I like Scott's take on it.    Work past it and keep working.   I think that philosophy is starting to sink in.   Instead of sulking they just fought harder.  I've been watching the NBA since the early 60s and it's been the same way for decades.   It's a black eye on the NBA.    Doesn't happen just to the Cavaliers, but b/c we have so many rooks and 2nd year players, it happens a ton.
yata-9arasu::I agree.  Do you know how many times our rookies are being killed driving...  It is annoying.  It is still happening with Kyrie....  :/
DrawohWasHere::You know Yata, I'd like to see the NBA judge all players the same.    Rookies just get a raw deal in the NBA.    We don't see that in MLB or the NFL.
yata-9arasu::It was very bad....
MVP MIGGY 24 new account::by losers cant wait until saturdsay to see all those overweight 50 year old suckeye fans crying to wash their body paint of
NMaZe23::getcha brooms out.
MVP MIGGY 24 new account::INDIANS ARE AWFUL, CHRIS PEREZ IS A DUMB HIPPY, THE INDIANS ARE TRASH THE INDIANS ARE TRASH TRY WINNING 70 GAMES LMAO LMAO
DrawohWasHere::S Weeeeeeep
DrawohWasHere::Tigers got SAaaaaaaaaaaaaaWEEEEEEEEEEEPT!
DrawohWasHere::Swept.    lol  S W E E P
MVP MIGGY 24 new account::indians got a top 5 pick
Still Waiting for Next Year::I feel sorry for Phildelphia sports.
DrawohWasHere::HOw soon will Bynum be playing?
SRStark20::As long as he stays away from bowling alleys, shouldn't be too long. I heard two-four more weeks?
DrawohWasHere::Wow and to think we almost traded for him.
orange_63::who is Binumb?
DrawohWasHere::Is the correct term here "touche"?
orange_63::IS THIS THE SIGN OF A TROLL......USING ALL CAPS &amp; ____________ &gt; ____________???
DrawohWasHere::and talking about stuff that doesn't even come close to topic.
Still Waiting for Next Year::MVP MIGGY 24 is a crybaby.
orange_63::WHY IS THERE BUCKEYE TALK ON HERE???????????????????
DrawohWasHere::good question.
NMaZe23::its scUM week!
Still Waiting for Next Year::Cleveland Sports &gt; Phildelphia sports
SRStark20::Don't worry guys. MVP MIGGY is just scared to death of the Buckeyes, and still mourning the loss of the Tigers in the World Series.   Let him go. He won't be around this Saturday when the Buckeyes double up on Michigan.
NMaZe23::Boy, those people from that lousy state up north must live a terrible life. I feel bad for them.
MVP MIGGY 24 new account::what team do you have to be proud of they all suck balls
DrawohWasHere::Tigers?    SaaaaaaaWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP!
Still Waiting for Next Year::I feel sorry for Phildelphia sports.
SRStark20::Meh.
MVP MIGGY 24 new account::OSU is such garbage and their players are all thugs,they get their coach fired and banned from a bowl, smart guys you got their
p_cutta::wait.....shitchigan is good????
DrawohWasHere::If you were smart, you'd post on the football boards.    Me thinks you have been concussed way too many times to notice the difference.
Bamboo Benny::"there" - - genius
SRStark20::BUCKEYES - 38 WOLVERINES - 27
Still Waiting for Next Year::Kyrie Irving is explosive right from the start.
ddolph2822::We got killed by a guy, undrafted, filling in for Kyrie Irving. This Pargo kid was looking way beyond this game... He was just on fire.
BTrocksbutt::He's a stud, don't sleep on him. Been waiting for his opportunity and he took it
MVP MIGGY 24 new account::at least people come to detroit sporting events unlike cleveland
NMaZe23::Cavs have the 3rd best attendance in the NBA. Browns sell out, if not close to sell out every game.
DrawohWasHere::Now if we can only get Gilbert and Haslem to go in and buy the Tribe we'll see a sold out to the tribe once again.
SRStark20::Because they are one of the few places in the city where you don't have to worry about getting shot.
orange_63::who is jeremy pargo??????????
Sportsman45029::his bro janneros "wife", is some slore named malayshia on basketball wives on vh1
ctown8686::Jeremy Lins doppleganger who's better lol
DrawohWasHere::who is you?
orange_63::i is me!
Still Waiting for Next Year::Hey, Kyrie Irving has missed most of the season. But I am confident that he will lead this team to a championship this year, even.
SRStark20::Alright, stop making us look like idiots.  No wonder Cleveland has such a bad name.
MVP MIGGY 24 new account::Hati after the quake&gt; cleveland and columbus
NMaZe23::detroit is the armpit of the USA.
