Mark Mattson::jennings is getting worked over by a rookie lol
Jake Gibbs::Let it go Mark.  You were wrong about Jennings.  Just move on with your life.
Mark Mattson::Jake Gibbs -  VO has lived in the paint on him.  9 points and 8 assists against jennings for the rook.
John-Paul Foster::pistons most likely crush the magic tonight, they will take advantage down low and man handle the magic on offense and defense. Plus the magic stink outside and that will complement or weaker perimeter defense. I'm guessing they will win by 15 and be up by over 25 on the magic at one point.
Bobby Williams::i have no clue how the magic dont lose by 20
Oscar Ortiz::Lmao well yall both wrong n in need of a clue cuz its detroit they havent proved themselves as GREAT...check da score cuz. Its orlando up 20
Mark Mattson::Oscar Ortiz -  the pistons are the better team, just not tonight.  they have beaten the pacers, heat, taken the blazers to OT.  the magic exploited jennings's D tonight which is their greatest weakness by far.
Mark Mattson::remember when the pistons had afflalo and traded him away because they had too many SG's, even though all of their other SG's were old and busted?  all he has turned into is one of the better shooters in the NBA.  only 1 season out of the last 6 under 40% from deep.  just another joe d blunder.
Jake Gibbs::Make a frick'n free throw Drummond.  Block a frick'n shot Drummond.  Pistons are letting Jennings down again.  Brandon's gonna have to bail them out as always.
Mark Mattson::lmao....maybe if brandon played some defense it wouldnt fall on drummond to block everything.  jennings is the worst defender in the NBA
Jake Gibbs::Mark Mattson You're looking foolish Mark.  You can't lie you're way out so stop. Jennings has been good. Let it go. You're gonna be wrong sometimes, just accept it.
Mark Mattson::Jake Gibbs -  there are two sides of the court.  gotta be able to play both.  jennings is an average offensive player that can't defend one on one.
Mike Williams::as a pistons fan, I say pistons win this one easy, but i wouldnt be surprised if teh magic win by like 2 points.   pistons r really inconsistent
Mark Mattson::at least the teams wont be wearing those HIDEOUS "christmas" t-shirt jerseys that the nba so shamefully used just for a few extra bucks.
Mang Artemio::i will never bet on det again... this team is a joke...... loosing to orl smh
Lornet Prather::Affalo just making a statement.  They wanted him as a defense stopper and wasted his early years.
Tung Nguyen::both of these teams are gonna be verrry scary in a year or two.
Mark Mattson::with the 8th pick in the 2013 nba draft, the detroit pistons selected kentavious caldewell-pope.  taken 9th was one of the top candidates for ROY right now, trey burke.  with the 24th pick, the knicks got THJ, who is shooting 47% from the field and 40% from 3.  i can't find a surface hard enough to beat my head against to make it all make sense.
Cory Nope::keep looking.
Mark Mattson::Cory Nope -  looking at what?  jennings causing the offense to go stagnant in the second half by not getting the ball down low and refusing to play defense getting beat all night by VO?  i just saw it.  KCP being absolutely terrible while THJ thrives at the same position?  i see that every game.
Cory Nope::Mark Mattson Hes distributing the ball at an acceptable rate. As long as his assist totals remain where they are- any decrease in turnovers per makes his 8 mil a year salary a bargain. People dont get that- you acquired two potential all-stars for the price of ONE max salary player in Smith and Jennings.
Jake Gibbs::Top 3 trades Dumars has made: 1. Rasheed Wallace for Rebreca, Sura, Mills and a 1st. 2. 23 million in cap space by acquiring Iverson for washed up Billups, washed up Dice, and bust Samb. 3. Rip Hamilton for Stackhouse.
Mark Mattson::what did he do with all of that cap space?   oh ya, got a bum PG and a streaky SF.
Jake Gibbs::Mark Mattson  Fantastic trade to get that cap space.  Great, great, great.
Mark Mattson::Jake Gibbs - the space means nothing if you just throw it all away.  you forgot to mention the ben gordon deal, his terrible drafting, and inability to sign anyone of worth in FA as well.
Jake Gibbs::Several days off, holidays food/cookies in their belly's, gotta feeling there will be several players not in the best of shape tonight. Could be a struggle for both teams to do much of anything.
Cory Nope::Id love to wake up tomorrow and see that Detroit traded Monroe and KCP for Afflalo and Tobias Harris. Ill go hit the crack pipe that I dont own, again... :/
Mark Mattson::IF they were going to trade monroe, i would take that trade.  afflalo would fill the biggest hole on the team.  then they would just need to find a more efficient PG and the team would be very good.
Matt Greene::UHM AAFALO ISNT GETTING TRADED HAHAHA He is gonna stay here in ORLANDO GTFO out of here bro lol stop trolling lol starting rumors about our star SG from the past 2 years lol.  Oladipo AAFALO HARRIS DAVIS VUCEVIC not a bad 5 but our problem is depth and role players . We dont have guys that can come in off the bench hold on to the ball and shoot 3 pointers and play defense we need that kind of atmosphere . We likely will find it in the draft though through the next 2- 3 years.
Cory Nope::Matt Greene How stupid are you, Junebug?
Mark Mattson::this game sets up really well for the pistons.  the magic are very weak down low and dont have anyone who can take advantage of the worst perimeter defender in the nba.
Duddly Jones::pistons................don't need this game...........
Ron DeGaeta::Maybe these Piston players can grab hockey sticks and help out the Red Wings since this basketball thing isn't working out.
Lornet Prather::Detroit will finish ahead of Orlando in the standings
Rodney Sargent::Pistons will lose because they shoot far too much n just run around playing bad basketball with no leadership or coaching
Mark Mattson::they have no coach on the floor.  cheeks can tell jennings anything he wants, but the second the ball is in play he just runs around like a mad man forcing things.  no continuity.
Mark Pringle::I am not watching the game, just saw Josh Smith's shooting percentage. I am SOOOOOO glad he is not a Hawk anymore.
John Rolle::Josh Smith is very overrated and overpaid.....Det..GM should be fired or this signing.
Mark Mattson::John Rolle - dumars should have been fired long ago....the smith signing is actually good compared to a lot of his other moves lol
John Rolle::Mark Mattson ...I don't understand why he isn't gone that team has been re-building for a long team and I hadn't seen any growth at all.
Cory Nope::Its amazing that your average dolt believes that teams should never- ever lose, nor make mistakes.
Mang Artemio::the bigs of det can score... drummond, monroe and smith. what happen to them? davis ate them?
Mark Mattson::jennings not getting the ball to them.  forcing the ball on the outside too much.
Duddly Jones::pistons need a break..........from Christmas, and from hard wins before
Mark Mattson::im pretty sure i could beat the any of the pistons' pg's off the dribble.  none of them can play D.
Peter Knowe::long layoff really good for Pistons bigs, they take this game on the road, as bad match up for small Magic
Jeffrey Becker::nelson will take over as josh starts throwing bricks, or not lol
Peter Knowe::magic on fire in first qrt can they keep it up all game??  think not
Moxie Jersey Co.::Thanks for ruining my streak of 9 in a row Pistons!
