Pablo Juarez::So did the Mavs just get robbed? Illegal number of players on the court for GS.
Nils Headley::If that's what you're worried about, then that explains how Dallas lost. Gave up a 18 point lead. That is what you should be worried about.
Pablo Juarez::Nils Headley Teams go on runs in the NBA all the time. Especially a streaky 3 point shooting team like GS. Of course i'm worried about a missed call!?
Eric Trevino::Nils Headley leads come and go all the time in the nba. im sure you didn't mind the phantom foul on that 3 pt play. but im sure if the situation was reversed and dallas had 7 or 8 guys on the floor im sure you would be bringing it up.
Rolando Mercado::i think that should have been a technical foul on that last play. this game had some poor calls both ways, but curry wasn't fouled on that 4 point play. he was fouled before the shot, but not during the shot. i still don't know why ellis took that shot so fast.
Nicholas Duke Falldine::yeah i don't understand that quick shot either. they could have run in down to 12 seconds or gone for a 2 for 1. really bad time management
Rolando Mercado::Nicholas Duke Falldine yea, i don't know if that is what rick called or if ellis was feeling himself after portland.
Robert Reno::Yeah,Monta should have waited for the shot clock to go down more....or give the ball to Dirk damn it
Dave Singh::wheres the tech for celebrating on court after curry shot? Should have been multiple technicals for each player coming onto court. This game was stolen from the MAVS
Tony Costa::i came on to see if anybody was complaining about that.  I wondered if the players messed up coming off the bench.
Ellis Marcelle::Tony Costa The both of you need to lighten up.... It affected the game minimally if at all. The Mavs were done ALREADY!
Richard Caldwell::I'll say it again.  I challenge anyone to go look at the boxscores for our last 4 wins and the boxscores for our last 4 defeats.  Tell me what you see.  When Dirk leads the team in shots taken we win.  When others do, we lose.  When our best player (and that IS Dirk) shoots 50% and only gets 14 shots in a game, don't wonder why you lost.
John Martin::Warriors pull out another one at the end despite another poor shooting night by Klay Thompson.  In that backcourt Curry is the Super Hero and Thompson is the side kick.
Josh Clark::Missed a TECH! It's so obvious GS had 7 people on the court! And one of them was in a warmup!!!! The NBA....
Robert Reno::I guarantee the refs wouldn't have missed that if it was the Heat instead of the Mavs
Nathan Skinner::Carter, Dalembert, I'm done with you. You both have no IQ and are worthless to this team.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::that dalembert miss set up a gsw run which cut the lead to 6. im afraid they wont even cover the +5.5 like the sixers lol. pathetic teams
Joshua Hsu::dalembert was finished 3-4 years ago. not sure why he's still on this court. carter has looked terrible over the past few weeks. his shot selection is a joke - indicative of a low basketball IQ after all these years.
Adam Youman::Now THAT is what i call killer instinct
Jon Walsh::Curry is redonkulous.
Ellis Marcelle::I'm still waiting for this team to take off! With the combination of this talent pool, the credible coaching, and the competitiveness they exhibited last post season, I expect this team to be a top 3 seed and seriously contend for the Western crown in the 2014 playoffs. The key to me, get David Lee and Bogut going so you have the inside-outside game going. Curry is doing his part, obviously!
Harold Nations::re Abrams Iggy article on Grantland:  the Warriors were 22-10 at the start last year.  does any sane person think they're going to be that good this year?  They gave up more than they got for Iggy, as good as he is.  now with him down, they have no bench at all.
Nils Headley::His name is not Iggy. He prefers Dre.
Harold Nations::Players generally don't get to pick their own nicknames, which is probably fortunate for all concerned.
Nils Headley::People actually do get to chose their names. That you call him Iggy means you aren't really familiar with him as a player.
Eric Trevino::so how is there not a technical foul after Curry hit the jumper to go ahead. guys came off the GS bench and even curry chest bumped one of them. There was no timeout called so game is still going. Cuban is gonna get fined again
Nils Headley::Keep trying.
Eric Trevino::no need to try its a rule
Nils Headley::Rules. Interesting. Like how Curry was fouled on the arm on his drive to the basket with less than a minute to play?  Lots of rules.
Chad Wiggins::the warriors are shameful... win or lose, for this game to be on espn, this is a pathetic effort.. they should be booed off the GD floor...... KLAY HANDS THOMPSON is killing any chance at winning this game
Robert Reno::phantom foul on Calderon that gave the Warriors momentum,and bench player(s) on the court while the game still going on but nothing is called....typical Mavs game
Pablo Juarez::That foul from three was such BS!
Sean Mantooth::Pablo Juarez As a Warriors fan, I have to agree. The ball was well out of Curry's hands after the contact with his arm was made. The contact didn't affect the shot in any way. Still a good game and I expect both of these teams to be in the playoffs... especially when the Warriors get Iguodala back
Bernardo Vivas::I agree on the bench player going into the court should've been a technical foul, but calderon committed a foul on curry
Chad Wiggins::these are some dumb as f**** passes... they have like a 30% chance of getting thru, and the warriors are like screw it, let her fly.
Ryan Hastings::Not impressed with Barnes at all.  Never looks to pass.  Complete blackhole with the basketball with 1 or 2 moves to the basket.
Adam Byer::awful game both teams look pathetic...I don't know what is up with the Warriors starts lately but they have been a joke
Chad Wiggins::the are getting punked in every facet of the game... NO PRIDE IN WHITE... taking a whipping at home... NO effort on def
Nicholas Duke Falldine::man. why doesnt dirk ever get the last shot? c'mon carlisle, quit trying to outsmart yourself.
George Jimas::defense? oh you mean that boring 24 seconds we have to wait before we can shoot more threes?
Chad Wiggins::stupid ugly, dumb fadeaway from Klay....  then dumbo lee cant make a wide open lay up
Aj Iceberg::im done with the warriors period. It took that for them to win...just ugly
Aj Iceberg::James Kwon it was a bad game. Yeah they pulled it off but it took a prayer and bad defense by Dallas to win.
Maurice Calhoun::Aj iceberg I am 100% sure that nobody cared when you started and nobody cares that you're done. I hate fair weather fans like you ..
Maurice Calhoun::Did my comment get deleted lol.
Tony Jones Photos::Give Curry his assist on Green's three.
Darrell Ceo Brown::GD RICK CARLISE FAILED smh NO Dbl team???
Pablo Juarez::We had our best defender on Curry, that's all we could ask for.
Jack Cruz::Warriors win in a close game 110 106
Dave Prather::how about 112-106
