allwedoiswingames::i feel so bad for kyrie he has no help
charlie hustle bets the over::RoxsHead5280 - Pretty sure the Nuggets are undefeated when Faried gets a double-double. Thats a pretty impressive stat.  almost, think they're 17-2 or something like that.  lost to the heat, twice.
climb171::Faried Beasting for almost a triple double.
YenxRenx::Kyrie Irving once again fails to lead... OR does he lead to FAIL? That guy is a total bust.
pastaface4life::Wow their are special children in here that watch NBA. Change the channel put your drool bib on and have your mommy bring you your juicy box.
charlie hustle bets the over::seriously, YenxRenx is absolute clown.
carmenohio93::seriously how do you win more road games then home?  smh
carmenohio93::cavs need to start waiters and let him develop they're 9-29..bums..again.
YenxRenx::Again? The Cavs have always been bums, 'cept for LeBron......
jayeteee::LOL. Luke Walton was the only one on the Cavs in + w/ +10 in the +/-. That guys worthless, and so is that stat.
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::Who knew he still played in the NBA?! I was shocked lol
GeeforThree::wow staples center so silent
TheBrownestBob::Kyrie &gt; Ty Lawson  My man had 5 steals tonight...  His shooting numbers don't do him justice as he's always the guy that takes shots even when the game is completely out of reach.  He doesn't care about stats like some guys, cough, LePass, cough, do.
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::I would take Kyrie over Ty... I think most anybody who follows basketball would.  But your team still sucks..
charlie hustle bets the over::exactly, scoreboard shows 98-91 denver, not 28-13 kyrie.
washheightsboy3::OKC is showing no mercy.  Good for them.
haliborange::Lakers do not deserve  mercy
Alex47666::cant wait till sunday  wilson chandler returns
Alex47666::and help with defense down low
Alex47666::ya thats on what ive read he said thats his goal and this time he feels strong and before he returned to quick and felt injured this time he says he feels about 100%
charlie hustle bets the over::there are times when either one of those players put the team on their backs, so i'm not sure why that comment warranted an "at least".
haliborange::oh that's good .... atleast Brewer's and Miller's  playing time will be reduced .. hope he regained some form
haliborange::really ?
JustineS04::Oh geez. I didn't take the puppy out all game.
Grape Soda Larry::puppy wuppy
Alex47666::cant wait till Uncle Drew 3
denverboi1993::I'm just glad the whole big three project in LA is blowing up in their faces. Fu.ck the Lakers.
BroncsAvsRocksNuggs::and then not to hire Phil Jackson?!! Haha that really puts the icing on the cake.
haliborange::Lakers screwed up every chance we had to advance to the finals so there are no words to describe the feeling I got now ............ My biggest dream is Lakers missing playoffs ...... wow that's  gonna be wonderful
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::The Awesome feeling when your team is down by 11 and you go finish some work then come back to see they won!  Yeah that just happened.
JustineS04::I was wondering why my fantasy team is sucking. And then I remembered Javale hurt Pau Gasol.
dukechair::The Lakers are losing...again
T.O.G.M.S.17::i remember when the Cavs beat them then thats when ESPN went into Laker Panic Overload. i think we may have one of those weeks of more LPO coming soon
T.O.G.M.S.17::i think they will (hopefully). just need to add a lil more to the mix and playoffs might be a reality
dukechair::hahaha good job Kyrie is really coming on so the Cavs should just build with him.
YogaBeer::Good game Denver fans.   I'm outta here to find a pic-a-nic basket.    Let's go Boo Boo!
Alex47666::justines04  arizona is ku most hated school right now overated. fans talking trash saying they would beat us so we gave them  S H I T when they loss to oregon
Alex47666::well there not bored any more they will be going to arizona boards and if they dont tell them to
Alex47666::if there are ku fans still talking $@%! to u guys then flag them because there not real fans
JustineS04::There are. I'm sure it's only a few. But they are loud. And bored.
JustineS04::And I didn't even see that board, so whatever, so that's not what I'm talking about.
JustineS04::That's fine. You don't need to come on CU's board every time they win and remind us how you blew us out. WE REMEMBER. It's annoying.
ZLP23::I just went through the schedule and the Cavs have been ahead at halftime in 20 games this year, yet only have 9 wins.  Gotta get better in the 2nd half
YogaBeer::Better odds flipping a penny.   "heads I win, tails you lose"
JBCoyne7::All I'm outta here guys gotta rest up since I need to drop some ray Lewis murder jokes and trash some ravens fans tomorrow. ;)
Peyton Manning Playoff Choke and Joke:::)
T.O.G.M.S.17::haha. careful they get a little sensitive as gametime inches closer
Mother_Medusa::rocky should get credit for this win
YogaBeer::I don't know which is sadder.   I remember this game and I'm an OU grad.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hguA9S_le-g
YogaBeer::I wonder if that big "D" in the center was for Denver?
T.O.G.M.S.17::haha would be. i believe it was dayton though.
YogaBeer::How creepy would that be?
T.O.G.M.S.17::i knew Carr had the record for most points in NCAA tourney game but didnt know it was against OU lol. thats depressing
T.O.G.M.S.17::i saw that his shooting percentage was thru the roof! wow
YogaBeer::I remember when he was drafted.    One of those players back then that should've been a GOAT, but injuries intervened.   He was incredible.
T.O.G.M.S.17::still. Carr left quite an impression ha. the disappointment is still there
YogaBeer::At the "new" convo no less.  *  I'd be wrong... wasn't at OU
YogaBeer::btw, that was 1970s HD quality right there.
Alex47666::justineso4   y hate on ku
Alex47666::im might have bandwagon the yankees and i like the cards but im not going to drop the yankees i became a fan and im going to stick with them
JustineS04::A loyal admitted bandwagoner. Wow.
haliborange::hahahahaha you are not having a good year are you ?  ...... This year Yankees sucks so does the Saints and USC and Nuggets aren't having a good season either ......... but props for admitting for been a   'bandwagoner'
JustineS04::Yeah, I mean, you didn't switch to the Cards b/c I don't know if you heard, but they're pretty good.
Alex47666::i didnt want  to sound i made this stuff up
Alex47666::i currently live in Stl i lived in dever six years a go my aunt and uncle live out in la and when i visit they took me to usc games becuase there big fans
JustineS04::I'm still confused as to wear you lived. You were all over. LA, Denver, St. L?
haliborange::Alex47666  you support the most random group of  teams. Trojans,Saints, Yankees and Nuggets ? what's that all about ?
JustineS04::Liked for being an admitted bandwagoner. That's refreshing.
Alex47666::i live in stl rams suck so i just chose then the 8-8 saints i used to live in denver so i still a nuggets fan dad went to ku aunt and unlce took me to trojans games when i was young i bandwagon the yankees
haliborange::I know right !
JustineS04::And KU?
JustineS04::One of these things is not like the other, one of these things just doesn't belong...
JustineS04::I have to say, the Pac-12 is a much nicer conference.
JustineS04::And they did. Remember how we lost to a Division II team.
JBCoyne7::In football anyone would destroy us haha
JustineS04::I still like the other schools better, their fans, the camaraderie, the location, the educational standards, and on and on. We'd be getting destroyed in the Big 12 too.
JBCoyne7::Except in football :(
Alex47666::who likes UNC  what a joke of a school
JustineS04::Haha. My sister went to Duke.
haliborange::JustineS04 - I know. But UNC is not a joke school and that was my point.  agreed even Jordan went to UNC........ compared to those entitled Duke suckers I like UNC better
JustineS04::I know. But UNC is not a joke school and that was my point.
Alex47666::JustineS04 - What? And KU is a premier educational institution? Everyone from NC loves UNC (at least those who don't love Duke), and then they have a huge alumni base. It's a giant school, and it's a really good school academically.  i was talking to hailborange for his comment to KU
Alex47666::i know haliborange  u know miami looks like a good school
JustineS04::What? And KU is a premier educational institution? Everyone from NC loves UNC (at least those who don't love Duke), and then they have a huge alumni base. It's a giant school, and it's a really good school academically.
haliborange::I like
JBCoyne7::They gave us Lawson for better or worse
JustineS04::I don't care that they won. But they are obnoxious winners. And everyone in CO is a fan b/c their god dog is from Kansas. And I hate rock chalk. It's the stupidest cheer in sports.
JustineS04::Not the ESPN board I was on. And they're regularly on our boards now (for example during the AZ game), gloating again. It's obnoxious.
Alex47666::not true on the boards of the ku cu game ku fans had plenty of respect for u guys we now your rebuilding and we knew you guys are a good team
haliborange::who likes KU ?
JBCoyne7::They beat CU I'm guessing
JBCoyne7::Dominated*
JustineS04::Ooh George Karl wearing orange. I don't hate you that much tonight Karl.
haliborange::what's the reason for Fournier moving up the rotation ?
JustineS04::George Karl. He likes him. I'm serious.
JustineS04::Oh I just remembered about JHam, never mind.
JBCoyne7::Ha. So true!
OGdubs1313::Luke Walton producing! Best game of his career! +10 on the game. Whewwwwwwwwww
RoxsHead5280::Pretty sure the Nuggets are undefeated when Faried gets a double-double. Thats a pretty impressive stat.
JustineS04::I honestly don't remember the last time Faried didn't have a double double.
JustineS04::I think he gets called for a lot of rubbish because he's stronger than everyone. Happens in hockey too. The big guy gets called.
RoxsHead5280::The only games where he doesn't get a double double is when he gets into foul trouble. Which he unfortunately does to often. He makes some terrible fouls.
JBCoyne7::The 1 guy that will not pan out most in this years draft is Noel from Kentucky. The last Calipari player to make instan impact was Rose.
YogaBeer::I'll tell you a player that's going to be on someone's team as an undrafted free agent and that's Ohio U's Cooper.    He's too small to get drafted, but I believe he's leading the NCAA in assists and he can shoot from half court.   Going to make some GM look really smart.
T.O.G.M.S.17::JBCoyne7 - It's just hard for players with that support role to transfer well to the pros.  very good point.
YogaBeer::Agree.    Sadly but true.
JBCoyne7::It's just hard for players with that support role to transfer well to the pros.
T.O.G.M.S.17::kid is real talented. gets a little more discipline in his game he will be on an NBA team this time next year. I think Offutt can make a run at an NBA team too
YogaBeer::If I was going with another big that high, I'd rather go for the other Zeller instead of Noel.  IMHO.
YogaBeer::Ah yes.   The original Zeller Dwellers.  :)
T.O.G.M.S.17::that would be funny yet awesome to see a frontcourt of both zellers
YogaBeer::He's down to 4 on most mocks.   McLemore has moved up to 1 this past week in most mocks.
JustineS04::CU. They're not classy winners. They have not shut up about that blow out. And I'm sick of everyone being like, "My great uncle-in-law is from Kansas, so rock chalk!" And rock chalk is pretty much the stupidest cheer in sports.
Alex47666::who do u like that makes u hate ku so much
JustineS04::McLemore is legit. He pretty much murdered the entire CU team. Ugh, I hate KU.
Alex47666::ya rock chalk
JustineS04::I totally thought YogaBeer's screen name was YogaBear (like Yogi), and I was like, oh how cute. Turns out I just can't read.
YogaBeer::I tried for Yogi Bear, but it was already taken.    Hey Hey Boo Boo!
-tpac_12::didn't watch the game but I assumed Denver played bad 1st half and than turned it on 2nd half. really would prefer if they just play 48 minutes of good basketball
T.O.G.M.S.17::was it Colorado that got robbed against Zona?
JBCoyne7::I'm a Buffs fan first and Wildcats second but I was really angry...
high kennedy::Yeah. Total. BS Though it never should have come to that. The Buffs, like the nugs, suck at free throws, especially in the clutch
T.O.G.M.S.17::wow. thats incredible. really wish i woulda went now. i wanna let u know that the current marching 110 (from what i have seen) is really carrying the torch
YogaBeer::K    Between the current 110 and the Alumni Band they had well over 700 on the field.   I'm in a wheel chair these days so I didn't march.  :(   I held the empty ladder for the director that died this past year.
T.O.G.M.S.17::unfortunately no. but i heard of the alumni band. friends told me it was real impressive
YogaBeer::TY.   Was there in the early days.     Drummer.    Was in the group when the first dances started.  Were you at Homecoming?   With that Gigantic alumni Band?
T.O.G.M.S.17::JBCoyne7 - Boo Cuse! I dislike Boeheim  ha. i've just always loved Cuse since i was a kid. i wasnt a normal kid that rooted for Ohio St lol. idk whhy
T.O.G.M.S.17::NO WAY! 110 rules!! makin a name for themselves recently gettin some national spotlight. i tip my hat to u sir
JBCoyne7::Boo Cuse! I dislike Boeheim
YogaBeer::I graduated from Ohio U in '76.   Played in the 110.
T.O.G.M.S.17::i only root for 2 teams: Cuse and Ohio U (i currently attend). last year Ohio coulda upset UNC in the sweet 16 if they just make 1 free throw. trust me i know the importance lol
JustineS04::Yes, ugh.
JustineS04::So sad for Chen. Handled coming off the bench so well too. And he never makes 3s.
high kennedy::Had to feel bad for Chen. That was his moment. He's a senior from Louisville, CO and you know he's not gonna make the NBA so that would have been his career highlight.
T.O.G.M.S.17::i was so frustrated i can only imagine how u felt
JustineS04::I'm sort of sad to admit I nearly cried. It was too much.
T.O.G.M.S.17::dude. such BS. not even a fan of either but i threw my phone at my TV after seeing that
JustineS04::Manimal is a double double machine.
Alex47666::im not shocked that we went to gallo for the closing points hes has been the best so far
broncomania2004us::Lakers aren't making the playoffs this year so we wont be facing them in the first round
Alex47666::lets pray we face the lakers in the first round
high kennedy::Here's hoping. I'm so sick of being a first round exit squad. last year we really should have knocked off the lakers but blew it in game 6.
Alex47666::when he is in his prime and shoots well every night we will be a top seed contender in the west
high kennedy::Yep, He is finally starting to live up to that potential. It's hard not to get impatient, and easy to forget how young he is still.
Alex47666::when he shoots 50% or higher nuggets i think have lost only 1-2 games so he is the centerpiece
high kennedy::He was supposed to be. Centerpiece of the melo trade from the nuggets side
YogaBeer::How could the Cavaliers NOT guard him?    We saw a lot of him when he played in the east.   That cat can shoot.
RoxsHead5280::Kosta is also coming into his own. I've never seen him play this good. All the Nugs gotta do is get the ball to him when he's underneath the glass and he'll get it in.
YogaBeer::Somethings wrong with the Box on my viewer.   How many blocks did he have?
YogaBeer::REally?    It seemed like he was swatting balls all over the place.
JustineS04::Only 1. Mozzy (?!) and  McGee had 3 apiece.
JustineS04::He's been pretty consistent all season. Just keeps improving.
RoxsHead5280::On a side note, Gallo had a great game. He's finally getting his shot down, hopefully Ty can follow.
Herkaleez::Lawson showed big when it was winning time. 6 points in the final 3 minutes.
YogaBeer::The shot that put the icing on this game was his shot when it was a two point game.   CJ Miles can't guard a school crossing.
YogaBeer::I don't mean that to downplay the good game.    He did what he had to and made his shots.    It was a good game.
JBCoyne7::I don't follow the Indians much but the Browns and Cavs both have young guys to build around. The Browns just need a better QB which is always hard, but I could see the Cavs making the playoffs in 2 or 3 years if they draft well.
neonyte::Cavs are the most likely to win a championship in the next few years out of the group.
JBCoyne7::Idk bout champions in the next few years.
YogaBeer::agree.    Shabazz, and a few veterans for depth.
T.O.G.M.S.17::i hope so. wing help and depth would be nice.
YogaBeer::I"m still not counting out Tristan Thompson as an outstanding player.    I don't see him as a super star, but this guy should be one of those good starters that might get in a few all star games before his career is over.
JBCoyne7::I'd be jealous if McLemore pans out with Irving and you never know what FAs those two will attract
T.O.G.M.S.17::i personally want McLemore
JBCoyne7::He's really good. I watched him beat my Buffs :(
YogaBeer::McLemore has been moving up the mocks fast!
JBCoyne7::McLemore? Yes
JustineS04::It's so hard being a small market team. When players hit their prime, they bounce for a bigger market. Sucks. Credit to Durant for staying.
JBCoyne7::Like that guard from Kansas what's his name..
JustineS04::I think the Nuggets have had one true blowout. Those of you betting the -11 haven't been paying any attention and haven't heeded my warnings to never bet the Nuggets.
high kennedy::What about betting the Broncos tomorrow?
JustineS04::Football is easier to bet. It's less fixed.
Hank10593::Cavs fans probably miss Lebron so bad right now. They already forgot what does having a winning record feels like after Lebron left Cleveland.
neonyte::Nice try.  Most real fans realize that the team is in rebuilding and are a few pieces away.
Hank10593::They are many pieces away. C'mon, Cavs are one of the worst teams in the league
RoxsHead5280::I thought the Nuggets brought in Iggy because of his ability to be a great defensive player on the perimeter. If that were the case than we does it seem like opposing teams are having a field day against the Nuggets from beyond the arch? Iggy's main job is to prevent that in my mind.
broncomania2004us::Cavs were 5-24 on 3's...barely over 20%
broncomania2004us::um cavs only hit 5 from behind the arch tonight...Iggy held Irving to 2-9 from 3 pt land...looks like pretty good perimeter defense to me.  Especially when Irving was 5-6 from behind the arch the other night.  Pay attention.
Slurm Soda greater than Mzinga::Nobody else plays defense besides sometimes Gallo and Brewer. Having a good defense is about firstly creating a culture and with George Karl that will never happen. Iggy can't do everything.
RoxsHead5280::Yeah, but he was suppose to make everyone around him play strong perimeter defense yet the opposite has happened. I liked last years Nugs team better than this years.
Alex47666::he shut down kyrie at the end of the 4th
JustineS04::There's only one of him.
Kenny0123456::Smh I said when I seen the score at the half that the Cavs were going to blow that lead and lose close. Get back on ESPN seen the score at the start of the 4th and I was like, "yep right on schedule." Smh they can't close for s h i t. Did Lebron and the Cavs make a three way trade with the devil!? Lebron asking the devil to end his 4th quarter slack and pass it to the Cavs so he can win a Championship for his soul? Mean while the Cavs play like a s s in the 4th but will get a top five top every year?
YogaBeer::Must not be watching the Heat as of late cause LeBron isn't doing squat in the 4th.
ytrac24::If your a cavs fan you should be rooting for losses.  They aren't going to do anything this year.  Only thing wins can do at this point is push them to mid lottery in a mediocre draft
Kenny0123456::Smh thats what we've done in football. Having top 5 pick doesn't mean you well have a great player. Ask the 2004 Bobcats,  2001 Wizards, 2003 Pistons or the 1984/2007 Blazers
JustineS04::Cavs could also use a solid vet to calm them down. Seemed to go into panic mode when giving up the lead. A lot of young talent though.
neonyte::So I've come to understand why Austin Carr has issues talking.  He mentioned having over 20 concussions during the game...
YogaBeer::He does have his mumbling moments, but I love his ".... deep in the Q",  "Get that weak stuff outta here."    "Throws the hammer down", etc.     He dropped 100 on my Bobcats while playing.    Dude was a beast.
neonyte::Probably was 30, but I was giving him the benefit of doubt.
ytrac24::Mumble mumble deeeeeeep in the Q mumble mumbles
YogaBeer::I thought he said 30, but who's counting when you get hit that many times.
nikokinky::What kind of jobber squad can't cover -11 at home against these clowns?!
nikokinky::Vegas! Same as they did for Toronto (-8.), Brooklyn(-7.5) and New orleans (-2,0) ;)
YogaBeer::what kind of jobber squad put that at -11?
T.O.G.M.S.17::way i see it Cleveland finally has 3 good coaches in this city
YogaBeer::Just flag the troll TOGMS17
Sam58548::cant handle the truth...you gotta flag?
T.O.G.M.S.17::tryin ha
YogaBeer::idk about Chudzinski yet.    But, he's a "ski" brother so he might do well here.
T.O.G.M.S.17::from what im hearin its not official but will be soon
JBCoyne7::Is Norv for sure?
YogaBeer::Did they manage to get Turner?
T.O.G.M.S.17::with Norv at OC i think Chud will shine at HC. browns lookin up
Sam58548::This is why Cleveland is a joke.
Sam58548::LMAO...Cavs fans are mad. Byron Scott is a joke and they dont like it.
YogaBeer::I have a relative that insists I'll be able to walk a lot more if I just start out walking around the block once a day and increasing it every day.  The problem is, I'm in a wheel chair.   I bet Sam is that relative.
JBCoyne7::Not to defend Byron Scott but if you give an armless person a prosthetic leg what good does it do them? Wow I am deep.
Alex47666::11 rebounds  13 points  4 assist  those are good stats  even a +/- 9+
MikeBreenGetGreen::Byron Scott looked better when he was playing with Magic, Worthy, Kareem, Wilkes, Coop
denverboi1993::This was a crappy game for the Nuggets. But it's good they're starting to show heart and build a winning streak. We play to our competition's level. You may say that's a bad thing but when we play the Clippers' or Thunder's of the NBA we hardly EVER get blown out. Always a close to moderate loss. We will be fine. Got two big games coming up next.
YogaBeer::I thought it was a good game for both our young bigs.
Sam58548::So let me get this right...Cavs fans wanted Mike Brown gone because he couldnt win without LeBron...but they love Byron Scott...a guy who cant win without Jason Kidd and CP3...is that about right?
YogaBeer::No  You're drunk
orange_63::hey YogaBeer, what do you think of the CHUD?
Sam58548::uh-huh
T.O.G.M.S.17::are u just a troll or do u really think Scott is the problem?
YogaBeer::gotta be a troll or maybe Byron had some nookie nookie with his GF/BF
JBCoyne7::Coach doesn't play.
Sam58548::Scott is the problem, kid
JBCoyne7::He's a troll.
152Dean::The question is who does the cavs draft next year? Some really solid long term prospects but thats all.
