Steven R Disque Jr.::What kind of ignorant recap was that about the incident that took place.  Freeland and Bogut wrestled ???  WTF were you watching.  Bogut threw an elbow to Freeland's face and landed!  He needs to be suspended for at least two games.  The refs tried to steal that game from the Blazers and threw the wrong guys out!!!  That was terrible officiating which the Blazers overcame for their 10th Straight.  Aldridge is an MVP candidate this season.
Tyler Moss::I can't believe Bogut stayed in that ballgame
Ryan Etch::How does the guy that throws the elbow pushes multiple people gets to stay in the game. Garbage call by the refs
Nick Campbell::Anyone else notice how ESPN is not really putting any highlight on Portland's streak and is painting the picture that the Spurs are the only team with an impressive win streak?
Rich Galvin::Not only that, but the only team to beat the Spurs?  Oh that would be the Blazers.
Nick Campbell::Rich Galvin Right!? I am actually baffled that the Blazers are still, and deliberately being held under the radar!
Aaron Stutheit::I know no respect for Portland
Aaron Stutheit::how the hell is Bogut still in the game i guess you have to beat the crap out of a guy to get ejected unbelievable!!!
Melissa DenHollander::Bogut should have been the FIRST player to get thrown out...BS
Daniel Tuggle::How does Bogut stay.... He Started The Whole Thing with a strong Elbow to the Jaw and then A shove right to Williams face... I'm no fan of either team but Now Portland loses their Hottest Player in Matthews and Guy Behind it all Bogut stays in the game
Ayn Bland::NBA is determined to make a Cinderella out of GS or the Clips.  Neither get past the first round.
Sean Blaser::Yea it was ridiculous but that warriors front court is weak defensively the iggy question will be meaningless they needed to upgrade there front court defensively before anything else lmao
Don Gilman::Well, Portland has had such an easy schedule, it's easy to start out the season 11-2. Oh, wait, what's that you say? They have played 8 games on the road and have won 7 of them? Oh, and swept a four-game eastern conference road trip? Well, well, poopy on you then. (maybe the Blazers are, ya know, okaaay, this year (eyes roll). But we still don't like them...ESPN.
Brad Burchett::ITs NEVER easy in pro sports to go 11-2
Don Layton::Not to mention that they're the only team to defeat SAS and only one of two to defeat GS at the Bay.
Steven Anacker::Don Layton Oh, that's where the Oregon fans went off too.
Dean M. Roberts::All playoff teams have winning records at home. It's the road record that separates the good teams from the bad.  I know we haven't played all the best teams yet but you have to admit we have a killer road record so far! GO BLAZERS
Don Layton::Blazers have played some good teams. GS, SAS, Houston and even Phoenix twice are all good teams. And most of their wins have come on the road.
Fiti Bear::Don Layton and bulls  + Denver
Don Layton::Fitim Inamso That's right. Good catch.
Nick Campbell::How in the hell was Bogut not ejected!? He started the ENTIRE THING!? When Mo cam up and said some words, Bogut shoves him inside, then Mo goes right back at him. The insitgator TWICE and he gets an off setting Technical!? WOW
Nick Campbell::I liked the scuffle. It's something we haven't seen enough of in Portland these last 6 years. Bogut (Should have been ejected) just lost his cool, TWICE! and the Blazers did NOT BACK DOWN. And they get fired up to follow.
Scott Gray::and we win yet again
Tyler Moss::Remember that look in B Roys eye when Rudy got layed out by Ariza. Miss that guy
Paul Miller::The first two acts of aggression were 1) Bogut elbow to Freeland's face and  2) a straightarm to Moe Williams and Bogut stays in the game while two Blazers are ejected ?? #Bogut#Bogus
Nick Campbell::I really don't understand how that is ignored. The league will suspend him and say it was the wrong call but the fact they dont get it right tonight is infuriating.
Eddie Sneeh::Really?  Williams didn't do anything?  He didn't swing at Bogut's face?  and Aldridge didn't push Bogut?
Paul Miller::You must have misread my comment....all I said was that the first two acts of agression were both caused by a guy who doesn't get ejected, but two Blazers do get ejected ?  nojustice
Matt Johnson::Please get the win Portland don't know if i could take my favorite 2 teams ever Oregon and Portland losing on the same day.
Sean Blaser::Right Now I wouldn't think losing in golden state will happen not when there forced to play only 7 or 8 guys due to injuries
Rick Arrospide::Blazers' fans have no sympathy for other team's injuries.  We've had enough of our own over the years.
Teresa McGarr::ESPN is gonna feel really stupid at the end of this season
Chad Everett Dooley::The problem here is that between ESPN and Portland...... ESPN is still the only one around at the end of the season... Not bagging the Blazers but come on.  people crying over no attention and the Spurs getting some.  SA's credibility still carries over from last year unlike our NW team.  Nothing surprising here at all.  If you want the spotlight you kind of have to be in it..... just saying
Tim Simmons::The refs def blew it after the scuffle, but I love how fired up the Blazers look and specifically how Lillard looks like he's about to take this game over.
Teresa McGarr::This just in: Lamarcus Aldridge and Damian Lillard are good at Basketball
Sean Blaser::And Aldridge is destroying bogut and lee right now
Juan C Fer::I guess no one is watching this game, when things got heated.. Bogut needs to get slapped around for being the one starting all this stuff.. You can tell the warriors got the benefit of the calls.... It's ok, I'm sure they have a few other matchups later on in the season, I say to be continued...
Brandon Tigues::what is going on with these refs in this game..offensive foul on lopez?
Daniel Tuggle::Now Bogut. He is a Dirty NBA player lol
Mike Henry::are u fing  kidding me.... how was bogut not ejected after the refs watched the replays, over and over, and why Wes ??? all he did was run in there to  stop it, and  try to get his team mates away,  wtf ??
Mike Newman::Even though Bogut initiated the fight and caused 2 of our guys to get ejected, we still beat your Warriors...lol
Nathan Sapsford::ESPN's map does not appear to include the state of Oregon
Don Layton::For years I used to think ESPN probably stood for "Eastern SPorts Network".
Chad Everett Dooley::well honestly if Oregon would put itself on the map ESPN may not overlook them next time.
Tyler Moss::I'm calling a season high game for Lillard in his home town. Go Blazers!
Brandon Tigues::wow..wesley matthews gone, he's the one who was keeping them in the game and andrew bogut stays?
Ali Rahmati::Lets go blazers, Lets make it 10 staright. I hope i can witness the blazers win there 10th straight
