mrjordanian11::WELCOME BACK GINOBILI!!
Rummpd::I lived in Philly for five years and glad to see the 76ers improve but also having lived in SA x 7 they are still my favorite team and for the record the Spurs shoot on average less FTs than other teams.
meloncabron::Dang, do the Sixers have point guards?  Parker/Neal combined: 18 of 33, 4 of 4 on 3s, 55 points, 14 assists, zero fouls.
meloncabron::Boy those Spurs are just so OLD. They're OLD and DONE and their WINDOW is closed.  -- Every scared fan of other teams this year
luvnbayes::Free throw discrepancy as an excuse?  Ridiculous.  The Spurs are ALWAYS at or near the top for allowing the fewest amount of FT's.  If these teams played 10 times against each other SA would shoot more FT'S in nine of them.  One of Pop's main mantras is to play hard without fouling.
hookemzuniga1022::He drove to the lane more than the sixers did
Korzagg::Its not just this game, its every game the sixers play they seem to always get shafted in drawing the fouls in the paint, Im just used to it now, the sixers lack the star power to get the calls other teams do    It is kinda odd that Parker goes to the line more then the entire sixer team.
luvnbayes::Pop should be Coach of the Year.  The Spurs have worked Leonard, Neal, Splitter, Blair, and Green into their rotation in the last two years and continue to play at a high level.   The sky's the limit with Manu coming back.
GMEN2012Champs::Spurs are just TCB...marching toward the playoffs.  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
CVILLE4LIFE76::no excuse about the refs, but that lady ref violet whatever always seems to burn the sixers, parker had a great game slow him down we win
threetimechamp210::I wouldn't have called that foul on Holiday when he stuck his junk into Parker's backside twice. Maybe it was just too weird for her that she just had to call it. In slow motion, it looked very weird right Philly fan? More like sexual harrasment than a foul maybe. Even Eva Longoria Tweeted: "Tony didn't let me do that to him, why is he letting Holiday do that to him?"
phatman492::For those wanting to blame the refs for tonight, that is asinine.  When a guy goes off for 37, it's not the refs, he having a stellar night.  When you lose by TEN at HOME, that is not the refs.  That is one solid team beating another.  Lay off the lame excuses.  With that said, I have much love for Phila, and being a Spurs fan, know how frustrating it is to not get your national recognition and shine.  I tell u what though, that is not important in the end.  Hanging championship banners in your arena is. Keep it together with coach Collins and you guys have a real shot at it in a couple of years.  You are the East's version of OKC.
warfighter247::The story of this game was the refing and not one mention of it in the article, why does the national media disrespect philadelphia?
meloncabron::Both point guards did. The story may be that the Sixers decided not to play the point guard position:  Parker/Neal: 18 of 33, 4 of 4 on 3s, 55 points, 14 assists, zero fouls.
threetimechamp210::No, the story of the game was Parker lighting up the Sixers for 37!
The_Ref_You_Love_To_Blame::Why the losing team always blame me?
threetimechamp210::Philly fans know that free throw discrepancy for this game only shows how agressive Parker was playing compared to the wide open missed jump shots the Sixers were taking. I had not seen Philly play and all I heard was that their defense was good, well Parker took care of that myth. Also, I was very surprised the Sixers were taking a ton of jump shots and did not run many offensive plays. I was disappointed, I thought the Sixers were for real. Go Spurs!!!
JP1295::The Sixers are what they are . a very good defensively scrappy team with mediocre shooters they need there big guys backthought he should have used Battie a little late in the game.Lou Williams can shoot but not the answer. But the other part was the San Antonio PICK AND ROLL RIDICULOUS.With that being said GO SIXERS.
threetimechamp210::You are the nitwit, you are just saying that cause the fouls were being called vs the Sixers and they were legitimate calls. Take off your Sixer glasses. I saw traveling on both sides and if you have been seeing this entire season is full of bad calls. Tim Duncan was called holding even though Brand was the one holding on to Tim's jersey, I know you saw that? When Parker stole the pass and went for a layup, Meeks was mugging Parker the whole way to the rim and nothing was called. No excuses man!
warfighter247::The Sixers are for real, Parker is a great player but when the refs call fouls when you sneeze on someone its alot easier. The Sixers players didnt want to foul out, plus Parker was allowed to travel (more than once). Also how can you base your opinion on a team after watching them one time, you are a nitwit.
The_Iron_Fist::Fix the free throw disparity and you've got a game going to overtime at 100-100.
GMEN2012Champs::Stop Parker from shredding your defense, and you might win...but that's the real trick, then...isn't it???
Phillyfan362::http://khandyman.com/2012/02/09/the-sixers-road-to-the-top/
Phillyfan362::http://khandyman.wordpress.com/2012/02/09/parker-leads-spurs-over-sixers-2/
mmostello::26 free throws to 11 free throws. Great jobs refs. Spurs are a better team, but do they need that much help?
hookemzuniga1022::umm we were on the road... tell the sixers to be more agresive
Mightymoose02::Geez. Tony Parker is just killing it.
hookemzuniga1022::yep..  las 3 games  42 and 9 vs the thunder 22 and 7 vs the grizz 37 and 8 vs the sixers
GMEN2012Champs::Yup...he is having a helluva season so far...didn't he drop 42 on the Thunder last week?
Mixiebear::Why Violet Palmer is able to keep a job as a ref is a travesty .....    Absolutely the worst refereed game this year.
thedealerkuo::this is said after every violet palmer game
daboafadem::This was a very solid win for the Spurs.  I don't know why anyone would call the 76ers weak or a fraud.  They had a lot of easy games early in the season, but they don't write their schedule.  And they've beaten some quality teams along the way as well.  I would not have been shocked if San Antonio had lost this one, because Philly wasn't just beating most of their opponents at home, they were beating the tar out of them.  I don't think the 76ers are going to fall apart any time soon.  They play hard, they hit the glass and the deck for every loose ball, and they have a coach that seems to be getting the most out of his guys.  With that said, I think the 76ers will stay in the top 4 in the East, win a playoff series or two, and be that proverbial team that nobody wants to play.  And with that said, keep it rolling Spurs!  Finish this road trip as strong as you started!
caseydiff::Spurs will win the championship if they can get a center so Timmay can play PF.  Kaman would be huge
Nacho8849::<p style="text-decoration: line-through;">Your strikethrough text here</p>
Nacho8849::what
Nacho8849::text
mikeg0291::Very proud of my team........I just want the spurs to try and keep improving the D, another solid big would be nice too
kevt20::Wow. Look at that. 6 hours ago, I was telling Philly fans here that they would have their hands full with a hot San Antonio team (Namely Killahs_Ghost).  So much for those Vegas lines huh, super-genius? That 3.5 road dog turned into a 10 point win. Yeah. Gg.
Nacho8849::<pre>I have a shrine to</pre> <b><i>KURT WARNER</i></b>   <b>He is my</b><b><u>IDOL</u></b>
Nacho8849::<u>oh</u>
timkeatingph123::$@%! the spurs, $@%! the celtics, $@%! miami.. dont sleep on the sixers baby
chubby rain::The Sixers are overrated, trust me.
warfighter247::You are a nitwit, the Sixers are a solid team with great defense. Maybe this year we might not win the championship but we are young and deep, we will get a big and we will dominate in the coming years , just watch and see!!
chubby rain::The Sixers are like a college team, they get up for the teams that are better than them, and let down against the average teams, that equals = FRAUDS!!
wrestl8104::ur a moron. Any team that has Duncan and Parker and has won 6 straight and has the second best record in the West is not an average team!!! You seriously are a troll and need to go away.
killahs_ghost::10 wins of 20+ points says you have ZERO clue about which you speak.
darealtexasboi::the spurs arent average my dude wth you talking bout
Maverick Man 33::3 solid plays for today!! picks were 5-1 for wednesday email me if interested: bakkerwillson@gmail.com
THENFCEASTOWNSYOU::Our team of professional moderators can help you efficiently manage your community content, ensuring that your members can interact within a safe, welcoming environment—and that your online reputation remains above reproach.
GMEN2012Champs::lulz
-mando-::TONY!!!!  GO SPURS GO!!!
clmlo::Tony Parker is balling right now!!
DNA and the I Ching::Boston is coming for that number 1 spot.
chubby rain::What number 1 spot? U mean your division #1 spot? LOL.
Jdzspace::that is the first one we will reclaim. but it won't be the last
Jdzspace::don't slip up or get got, we coming for that number 1 spot
Spursdc::Sixers= Denver/Utah
sportsmaniac1998::sixers are better than utah by a lot... we have played really tough teams too like the bulls and lakers, and beat them both
chubby rain::And the Bulls had injuries and didn't respect the Sixers, just wait til they play again, then u will say,  "oh but we beat the Bulls"  ONCE.
Spursdc::Don't care Go Spurs!
Jdzspace::the Lakers aren't a very tough team. there is a reason they are 3-11 on the road
Spursdc::Everyone can quit it with all that road BS now
crabbymacintosh::Good game tonight. Close throughout, Sixers had their shots, just couldn't hit them. Also couldn't defend the pick and roll and that cost them the game.   but...  free throws 26-11.  Refs were an absolute embarrassment.  Some of the worst I've seen in a long long time.
minick_man83::Spurs are rollin!
NBA_refs_are_weak::damn RJ what the heck happened to you? good thing timmy d and the french connection are always reliable
HATERS_RULE::Spurs have another championship run in them!
Madhouse_United::I could see that.
Madhouse_United::Maybe not that far :) . But perhaps a Finals appearance
HATERS_RULE::let's get Timmy one more ring!
Nicolai2153::IND lost, LAC lost, MIA lost, and DEN or DAL will get a loss. SAS GET A WIN! good day in the NBA
Nicolai2153::o ya and PHI got a loss btw
Spursdc::Go Spurs fuc.king go!
J-SMOOVE2020::When the Spurs get Ginobili back, they will make a big push in the west.
Madhouse_United::Spurs always give you a good game. Not a fan of them, but I do respect them.
Madhouse_United::I support my team and my team only, But The Spurs are hard to hate.
playinaround2::I used to say the same thing. But what the heck, might as well be a fan. I kinda think of them as my other team.
Fendretti4::Didn't get to watch the game. Seems the difference in the game was at the line
MadddSammyboy::See, Lakers? That's how you beat Philly.
0mar4449::lakers had them,   what was kobe thinking in the second half
MadddSammyboy::He was thinking, "I'm gonna be the big hero!"
Travis Berger::sixers are surging
Travis Berger::sixers are surging
Robdee999::Thank you Spurs from a Pacers fan.
marcdelg83::hows our boy George hill doing?
dfadool15::cmon sixers
