Alice Soefje::I am not usually a member of the spelling and  grammar  police. I realize this is an internet site and I often make errors myself.   But I have to say that this just makes little sense.  "foe them best an elite teams."
Mike Wagener::yeah, Bronya Vogel is pretty much a moron.
Patrick MacKinnon::Raptors in complete control of this game, gave themselves an 8 point handicap to toy with the Spurs.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::well see by the end of the game which team is in control
Vic Manlapig Arcenio::Raptors wins tonight. They wanna make the playoffs instead.
Chase Risman::2 words: You're Crazy
Yolanda Cross::get Paterson on for Johnson who is hopeless
Jared Johnson::Spurs 106 Raptors 91. Calling it.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::im glad kawhi is back tonight
Patrick MacKinnon::gg spurs nice win.
Mike Wagener::Classy.  Good luck to the Raps, they have some great young talent.
Mike Wagener::GO SPURS!
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::cant judge the spurs in December, judge us in april, may and june. we dont normally beat the great teams teams until we go on our famous rodeo road trip. thats when we start playing at a high level against other elite teams. historically, we struggle against the great teams in november and december and add the wins against the 500 and below 500 teams.
Gilla Shade::The Jurassic Raps will definitely chew on the knickers back to back in NY and in T.
John Paul::Hi Toronto!  Thanks for cutting Augustin!  Sincerely, All Chicago Bulls Fans
Gilla Shade::First we take NY then we  ......  cross T on the dots
Mang Artemio::stupid leonard they won the game already and doesnt need to shoot the 3.... just let the shot clock expire...tor+11. stupid leonard fool
El Manuel Schobloch::last game in my parlay :(
Andy P Kordyban::Raptors will be a bit sluggish after a nice game yesterday. Spurs keep it close, but Raptors get the W.  Raptors 99 - Spurs 95
Mike Wagener::Spurs win by 21
Jared Johnson::That would be the Spurs' first loss to a sub-.500 team
Bronya Vogel::How about them mighty Spurs. 0-6 vs the top teams, 5-5 vs .500 teams. Undefeated vs sub . 500 teams, let's all give them a big round of applause foe them best an elite teams.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::still winning 50+ games
Chase Risman::Ugh, they've beaten Memphis and Golden State twice
Caleb Ohara::We didn't start off well later year either... ended the year a rebound or free throw short of the Championship.
Chase Risman::Spurs fans, do you know anything about the team purchasing the San Antonio Talons?
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::no not really
Chase Risman::Jerry Ryuzaki Word According to a website, the San Antonio Talons(San Antoino's only pro football team) has been bought by Spurs Sports And Entertainment
Mike Wagener::Personally I don't consider Arena football pro football
Patrick MacKinnon::Spurs let the Raptors win this game, they need to have their fun.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::spurs need to get back on track tonight. go spurs go
Yung Monroe::they need to score, I need this over
