Eric Brown::Go Hawks! 6-4.... not bad for a season we were supposed to tank in.
Manfred Elezovski::Felton is the worst pg in the nba.  Straight garbage on defense
Terry Lear::Knick fans are the biggest suckers in the world
Shaun Mitts::not as big as ur wife?
Marcleen Bavogui::Shaun Mitts nice comeback
Terry Lear::Shaun Mitts what does my wife have to do with your garbage team
Ernest Cameron::LOTS OF PEOPLE COMPLAIN ABOUT MELO'S SHOTS AND AMARE THIS AND JR SMITH THAT, BUT I THINK THE KNICKS BIGGEST PROBLEM IS FELTON,. EVERY POINT GUARD WE FACE TORCHES HIM, HE CANT STAY IN FRONT OF NOBODY AND OFFENSIVELY HE HAS WIDE OPEN MID-RANGE JUMPERS EVERY GAME THAT HE CANT CONSISTENTLY KNOCK DOWN. HE'S NOT A TOP 15 POINT GUARD IN THE LEAGUE, HE'S NOT A CHAMPIONSHIP FLOOR GENERAL, WE WILL NOT COME LOSE TO A TITLE AS LONG AS HE'S RUNNING THE SHOW
Ernest Cameron::and also woodson sucks as a coach
Jay Melz::we need a  rondo type PG  at least
Robert Rtype Taylor::I don't think Woodson is that bad of a coach, but it wouldn't hurt him to use his bench....
Steven Rivera::I said it before and ill say it again, this team aint nothing without some good PG play and right now Felton is destroying this team. Also Woodson needs to lay off of JR Smith I mean DAM the guy is ice cold the whole night and you leave him out there to shoot his eyes out????? SMH jesus, I feel bad for Carmelo the dude gets 0 HELP!
Bill Colgan::Agree On JR. You can't win with this guy. 1 out of every 6 games he may go off. Other than that he is a liability
Denzel Boksingero::JR Smith should tweet his 3-18 shooting performance.
David Freinberg::Trade James Dolan and his band for a first round pick in the NBA draft 2014.
Michael Huang::Stop playing JR.  He's killing the team.
Trever Meenen::22 million dollars a year for Staudomire to sit on the bench 3/4th the game.   Why do they want to trade or let their good young players go? they let David Lee go and he's awesome in Golden State and now they want to trade Iman Shumpert.  Why not trade J.R. Smith instead if you have too many guards?
Kevin Carey::I doubt the Knicks could get more than a $50 Starbucks giftcard for Smith right now.
Shaun Mitts::Disgusting game by the knicks. No defensive scheme at all.   stubborn woody never plays the bench and over uses the players.  Melo tries to carry the team but no one hits their shots. too sad.
Elvis Rodriguez Colon::JR Smith reminds me of a friend of mines I grew up with that played like crap if he wasn't high, we would even buy him weed if he was broke. JR looks bored sober, like he has no passion, and we suppose to trade Shump because we are loaded with guards? BS. I never wanted JR back. I rather see Hardaway get 30 minutes a night.I'm starting to get the feel that Woodson might be related to JR because his love for him is to deep. Andrea gets hot he gets benched, JR is cold he stays in the game. I know Melo must be pissed off, but he wont say anything because then he will be labeled a coach killer. This team plays like they don't know each other and dis likes each other. Like a wacky pick up game with strangers at the park. And Felton is such a bum. Looks like a small tubby midget shooting 3's. I would like Stan Vangundy to coach this team, cause I know he will at least keep it 100 and not leave a scrub like Felton and JR in the game.
Jack Huang::To all the loyal Knicks fan, after tonight's lost, can you still see your beloved Knicks making into the playoffs?  I know I can't, not anymore, I don't think a team losses 5 times at home deserve to play in the playoff.  I know it's still very very early in the season, but I think the Knicks are in a hole that they can't come out of.
Jazmine Ortiz::3-18 WHY DOES HE START?!?
Daniel Shimonov::if he plays the next game and they lose again, i will stop watching this team
John M Vazquez::Wait a minute when Felton came back everyone was saying what a great move now he struggles a little bit and you want to run him out of town .typical knick fans .
Craig Meads::Most overrated team with the most overrated player. Are James Dolan and Jerry Jones the same person? They both run their franchises the same way.
Andy P Kordyban::Look, the Knicks played out of their minds last game against the Hawks... this is how I pretty much expect them to play.
Steven Rivera::Out of their mind? Dude what are you smoking? Knicks are in a slump for the most part of this month they'll wake up and start winning Baskeball games they've gone thru this 2 years ago. Bad start then exploded during and after All-Star break
Andy P Kordyban::Felton...Bargnani... a hurt Chandler... on-his-way out Shumpert...Smith not the same... bench not as deep.... I think my statement is pretty accurate.
Steven Rivera::Andy P Kordyban BArgnani been playing great these past 3 games and Felton has not since the season started, The Bench is deep enough thats not even the excuse at all. This season reminds me of 2 seasons ago when the Knicks started poorly and ended up winning games during the middle and ending of the season. What this team needs is a true PG and not Felton
Trever Meenen::these uniform colors drive me crazy Knicks should be in White or something
Chris Wolski::Very pleased with the Hawks so far this season! Great team chemistry!
Justin Jenkins::Final score  Knicks 98 Hawks 82
Brian Jones::just depends on your brick layer
Aaron Velazquez::Well.......
Tony Hartmann::guess not
Scott Sprague::Knicks need to blow up the team and look to see who they can trade away and start over. Knicks need to look for young replacements or draft picks in the 2014 draft.  Orlando seems like the most logical place for STAT; Turkoglu(12m) and Glen Davis(6.4m). may have to get rid of Shump to sweeten the deal, but would be worth it. There would be plenty of takes for Chandler and Melo.
Gene Cirillo::3-6.....9 seed or lower.......Woodson-ba bye........Pacers by 30 tomorrow.......1973!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Kevin Ho::You gotta blame Dolan again.  If this was Brooklyn, the owner would fire the coach by now or shortly.  No excuse for all the bad defense plays, good passing teams torches the Knicks.
Kool Kev::Wishing Carmelo the best of luck in LA!!! He should ask for a trade now, this sh#% is ridiculous. JR Smith 3 for 18 and Amare only 15 minutes? Can't win like that.
Raffi Chaglassian::all scrub teams love to play in new york, especially on a saturday night.  expect a tough game.  smart bet is on the hawks, my heart is with the Knicks.
Eugene H. Russell IV::Yep. And scrub teams lose home games to fellow scrub teams.
