VikomnLA::Hopefully this game will cast a light on how bad a coach Mike Brown is, and that his success in Cleveland during the regular season was because he had Le bron.
eototal:::( Come on Nawlins you were supposed to win.
CBass1317::Wow ... 0-6 ... another great game from Jamal.  Keep it up J-crossover!
Tim EliTebow::BEST GAME OF THE NIGHT!!!!  2 EVENLY MATCHED TEAMS GOING AT IT!!!!
naspolr53::when are we gonna start giving nolan real time instead felton dumb self
Bobcakes::Nolan Smith sucks... If you don't recognize that Felton is by far the best PG on this roster you don't know basketball.
BasketBalljon3s::To be fair, Nolan wasn't available tonight. He had an ear infection or something.
erock_ducks2007::you know. if paul allen really did try to sell the team. i hope uncle phil would buy them. he said recently he wasn't very interested but mybe. and then use that nike money to get a sick FA? that would be pretty cool. keep it local. i dont want tem to mov e the blazers.  id be so depressed..
sanctie170::Uncle Phil? Do you mean Dr. Phil?
sanctie170::or do you mean the actor of The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air?
LostAussie95::why would they move them though, bit premmature I would've thought, just look at new orleans, charlotte.
Dadsterbug::Wow...a good win...especially with Violet &amp; Monte out there!  Our winning percentage when they officiate is abyssmal.
Kobelies247::A good win? LOL  Wow! Portland fans are SOOOOO EASY!!!
AccountNumber21::Portland Won but they are the real losers. They are helping the Hornets Draft pick and Hurting theirs. lol
csachse1::Yeah... And to be honest any team that Luke Babbitt plays on can't be accused of pulling out all the stops to win. I hope LA contracts a mysterious disease/injury/religious awakening etc.. that prevents him from playing soon
127decibels::Blazer fans need to wake up. The draft is deep this year. Talent will be there regardless.  You don't learn to win by intentionally losing.  Have you ever even played competitive sports at any level?
Kobelies247::Yup!  But portland fans are too dumb to see it that way...
CBass1317::No, Blazers are actually helping themselves by beating NO.  Any team below New Jersey that Blazers beat helps to ensure that NJ will finish out of the bottom three and Blazers are more likely to get their pick.  I know what you mean ... but I am just saying ... ; )
Kobelies247::Are you sure? Winning games does NOTHING for this team at this point!!!
AccountNumber21::Yeah they are always delusional.
Fyrecrypts2::No... no we're not. =/
camjones56::what happened to all the cocky hornets fans?
Kobelies247::Dude this isnt the laker or miami boards LOL go away...
Anti-Stratfordian::Looks like I picked the right game to pick up Belinelli off the waiver wire.
dcodner::I have never seen an NBA organization, from top to bottom, so completely worthless as the New Orleans Hornets.
dcodner::W.$@%! Nuts
dcodner::$@%!$ Nuts
dcodner::They are the Transvestite HOAR NUTS
dcodner::GOD I hope Siberia
AccountNumber21::Is it possible to lose your team twice? Cause they should move to Seattle or someting
erock_ducks2007::i don't think theyd move there even if they go bouht by someone else...
Kobelies247::Ummmm the team you guys just lost too?
Kobelies247::Goodluck in the draft Portland!  Idiots....
popitoff12::Lol, go somewhere else.
AccountNumber21::These teams are a joke
Kobelies247::LOL @ the BLAZERS!!!   When they need to win they cant do it, when they should lose they cant do that right either!  This team is a flat out JOKE!
OregonUniversity95::Well they won last night didn't they? As well as 23 other games
BasketBalljon3s::Kobelies is just a tool. He thinks he's a cool troll for some reason. He obviously just doesn't understand the way things work. Do you think tanking the season truly helps a franchise? If fans see that happening, I guarantee you that a lot of them stop buying merchandise and tickets and stop supporting the team, which definitely hurts the franchise.You don't play to lose. These guys that are working hard aren't there to lose to get better picks. They're there to get paid, but most of all because they have a passion for the game. It's called pride. Some people have it, some don't. Clearly you don't. Fans reward the players with recognition and by showing up to support them, when they go out there no matter the circumstance and play their $@%!$ off. Shame on you man, I really just feel sorry for the way your brain thinks.
Kobelies247::Would love to see Nash come here for a few years! Id buy tickets again...
Kobelies247::Theres a BIG differance between a BAD fan and a TIRED one...  Please Just go away now sucka
erock_ducks2007::you're a pretty big hater for a blazers fan. you'e like randy quaid in major leage.. shut up. you're bad fan.   with that said. yes, id love nash here.
Kobelies247::Blazers fans = BLIND!
erock_ducks2007::why are you here? great zinger there. really. very original. they will have a lottery pick from te nets too. the will get a lottery pick still.
erock_ducks2007::look at my other post up above
erock_ducks2007::yeah  know. but you never know..
popitoff12::Howard is staying in Orlando for atleast another year.
Kobelies247::I wouldnt  be buying any TP any time soon!
popitoff12::Exactly! We need someone to step up and hit a shot though when we need it. We lose too many close ones because our players just pass or force something dumb.
erock_ducks2007::if we got dwill or howard i would probbly $@%! in my pants..
erock_ducks2007::i like him too. he is solid and would be a great back up to lamarcus. i dontthink he will be very expensive tho to keep. so that's a plus too.
popitoff12::I wish I had an answer but it's too early for me to tell. I like Hickson though, be nice to re-sign him if we can't get DWill or another big name.
Kobelies247::Are you trying to compare the heat to the blazers?  Sigh...
erock_ducks2007::i dont like tanking either. but thts also how the nba draft is set up. you lose you get good picsk. stupid ya bu true. i dont likeit either but it is whatit is. and even if they arent TRYING to tank, they still can becasue i dont seethem winnin agains reallygood teams anyway. and we have  young young coach, and a tough road trip to end the year..
popitoff12::So, the Heat made the playoffs before getting LBJ and Bosh. They blew the entire team up.
erock_ducks2007::id rather lose other games than this one.. so im ok with it. its not like there's no more games to lose. lol. i still think we will get 2 lottery picks this year. and wehave a ton of cap space an spendng money. that'll be pretty cool. popitoff, i assume you're a blazers fan.. who you think we will draft? get in FA?
Kobelies247::Half the players wont even be here next season so whats it matter?
popitoff12::Nobody likes tanking. I'd be embarrassed as a fun to love a team that tanks.
Kobelies247::Im sorry but we need to tank...  Blazers have no bis being in the playoffs against ANYONE...
popitoff12::This guy has no reason to be here. Fan or not, we aren't tanking.
yanksoverthesox11::FU CK YOU RAY MOND FU CKING FELTON
Edwyer76::Portland -4.5 and over yeaaaah!
madmikeymike::Bellini $@%!$@% this $@%! is worse then cancer
PugilismFan::yeeaahhhh hornets+9.5 and over 185
aster51311::hornets have been playing decent as of late and blazers are just on a downward spiral.  blazers giving 8.5 points?  come on
aster51311::hornets were covering the entire game and up at half. justice was served with that 3
madmikeymike::8 point lead with 7 mins to go had every right to cover u STUPID $@%! just because u got lucky a on 3
madmikeymike::$@%!$@% i hate that $@%! plays 1 good game out of 20 and tonight was it
aster51311::it was tied with 3 min to go.  a 9 pt cover would have been a joke you stupid ffuck
madmikeymike::just been $@%!$@% robbed by that italian $@%!
madmikeymike::hahaha what a joke cover.. $@%!$@% moose 3 pointer get the $@%! out
PugilismFan::hahahahahh did u lose money bro lol
VEGASBABY1234515::yessss had miami -3.5 , and portland -3.5 !
Danglehossa::Bellini fuks my parlay at the end. I always lose the cover right at the end.
VEGASBABY1234515::raymond felton $@%!$@ it up he miss both freetrows
smackdownV::Damn..........screwed the spead and the over all in one shot
Henry52378::$@%! YOU RAYMOND FETON
TroyJ469::I got screwed out of chalupas one time. They dribbled out the clock.
erock_ducks2007::wow way to feton. what a dick.. lol
madmikeymike::Raymond felton u are a $@%!$@% joke
hhk6::lol
hhk6::HAHAHAHA thats so funny!! Glad I'm not there, I'd be pissed too lol
sfninergiant510::final
TroyJ469::hahaha they are booing cause no chalupas
madmikeymike::$@%!$@% MARCO WHAT A $@%!
Boccella16::and i thought it be second half over screw me
OregonKoon::Monty wanted them to get Chalupas
TroyJ469::Chalupa! Chalupa!
popitoff12::Like!
vandalblazer::i wish
madmikeymike::$@%! OFF
tonygr199031::let me guess game over ?
BetAholic32::not yet
hhk6::Ya
sfninergiant510::back door
BetAholic32::fill me in guys... east coasters dont have this game on t.v.
TroyJ469::6 point game, 2 free throws felton
dcodner::Are you serious?
TroyJ469::should have fouled datum!
TroyJ469::guess not
madmikeymike::free throws?
TroyJ469::damn autocorrect
VEGASBABY1234515::i got portland -3.5 , bought them 5 points for this exact reason
PugilismFan::dont $@%!$ me hornets!!!!!!!!!! score points
BetAholic32::i 2 teamed the hornets +9 with over 184 ... LETS GOOO I also need second half hornets +7.5 but idk about all that.
TroyJ469::1 more point from batum and blazers -8 and I will buy you all mcDonalds.
tonygr199031::i need points and fouls
dcodner::GOD I hate the Hornets.  What a bunch of dolts.  The coach is the worst!  Just pathetic.
PugilismFan::come on 1 more basket + plus lets keep this within 9 hornets lol
sfninergiant510::back door cover!!
BetAholic32::garbage points will screw you
madmikeymike::it wont come new orleans will get a socre here and $@%! us all
TroyJ469::LMA is great, but hard to run offense through him at times. Double teams kill him when our shooters are off, which is often.
JimboNoyes::jj hixon
popitoff12::People losing bets don't realize this but true fans do.
erock_ducks2007::babbitt?!! where did this ome from . impressive. wow.
hhk6::Hopefully a breakout game
chrisvrbka35::Now does everyone believe me? this game has been over for an hour or so. just seen it
TroyJ469::I still like -8. lol
madmikeymike::all hinges on hornets play here i guess
TroyJ469::ask and you shall receive mike
madmikeymike::need a 3 here if any chance
madmikeymike::dreaming
True StorieS::I think the Blazers are tanking. It makes no sense how little they use LMA.
terpsravensmavs::meanwhile NOLA playing with 8 men
madmikeymike::no if u watch there games do it all the time its a joke.. Guy is a beast he should be given the ball at least once in the offensive  set
True StorieS::It's crazy...this guy has not been treated like an All-Star since the AS break.
