TheBrownestBob::Great games by Dion and Tristan tonight.
stylobialo::Glad Dion is working out for you guys....sure miss him at the 'Cuse
bandwagon_fans_are_losers::Go Wiz!  Lose your final 20 games and draft another Jan Vesely #6   Or better yet....  Tomas Satoransky, Chris Singleton, Shelvin Mack, Lazar Hayward, Nemanja Bjelica, Jermaine Taylor...Javale, Blatche?  I love how the Bullets had to become the Wizards in the PC 90s, but the Redskins just keep truckin'.
bradyandjrich::Funny how you didn't mention Wall or Beal. Those are two terrific picks that will lead to wins.
TrueBlueing25::Love seeing my Cuse alum Dion Waiters taking over and winning games.
Rcrown10::ummm, why are the Cavs winning this game ?????? wtf
Xx_Superman12_xX::john wall beasted today
- Thomas Chmura -::no, during blake griffins "amazing" rookie season, the win lost total from the last season was only up 3 games
YogaBeer::Will trade you boo.bie Gibson for him.
TheBrownestBob::Brady, I agree.  Wall is a franchise player.  He's like a Blake Griffin, though.  A player who obviously effects the Win-Loss column but hasn't developed enough to be the go to option offensively.  Wall will be a great one though, certainly top 10 in the next 2 years.
bradyandjrich::I disagree. I don't think Wall lacks anything that will prevent him from being as good, or even better, than guys like Irving and Waiters. Clutch gene? Just look at Washington before and after Wall's return. It's clear he can help them win games. He's the key. Wall has everything you want in a franchise player.
YogaBeer::I think he'll improve.   He has at the charity stripe this season.  The thing that will also hold Wall back is that clutch jean that Waiters and Irving seem to have flowing their their bodies.   Can't teach that.
Booty Loaf_::atleast b00by can shoot like a guard should
YogaBeer::http://www.ohio.com/news/ohio-school-band-director-charged-with-sex-crimes-1.380675  Wife just yelled to me about this.   I was a band director for 3 decades.   This gives those of us that were honorable teachers that gave a damn about teaching, a bad name.   I'd like to cut off this guys balls and hand it over to my dog.
Booty Loaf_::I don't understand these things. people have issues. very little normalcy in our world today
YogaBeer::This angers me to no end.    The school I retired from, I suggested they hire the guy they did.   And what does he do?    With a wife and 1 y.o. he goes out on a date with one of the kids in the band.   I was so damned pissed I had to be restrained.
Yata-garasu::Goodnight everyone!  Enjoyed talking to you guys!  Off to study for my exams...  GO CAVS!!!
YogaBeer::best wishes on your exams.
joe_the_buckeye::See you later yata. Good luck with your exams.
Booty Loaf_::exams?? what school uou at?
Booty Loaf_::or is it for work?
Booty Loaf_::but the best Cleveland event ive ever been at was the Monday night game vs the giants in like 08 when we smoked them. after the eric wright pic 6 the whole upper deck of the dawg pound was bouncing up and down. I had to miss the playoff clincher vs the falcons in 02 because of family business :( my buds say that game was twice as loud as the giants game
Rcrown10::i went to that Browns vs. Falcons game! insane!
YogaBeer::I remember one of my sons, 5 y.o. at the time, flipping off Rod Carew at the old stadium.   I was laughing as my wife was scolding him for doing it and me for laughing with him.
YogaBeer::Loved the old stadium.   As long as you didn't have to go to the rest rooms or had a ticket behind a pole.  I remember my youngest son coming home from his first day of Kindergarten.  He walks in and says, "Hi F.cuker".      I about lost it right there.
Booty Loaf_::our new stadium kinda sucks
steve mctowelie::im weird but i liked the old stadium
Booty Loaf_::hahaha my dad would have whipped me if I flippin people off at the age of 5 ha
HunterF4444::That was an awesome game. But that's also kinda sad since we went like 5-11 that season
YogaBeer::Dang!   You guys are all a bunch of ankle biters!     I retired in 1999.   lol
YogaBeer::My first son just graduated from Heidelberg and son #2 getting ready for the police academy that year.
joe_the_buckeye::lol...I was like 5 in 1999=)
HunterF4444::same.
Booty Loaf_::whoa whoa nvm that 22-0 game was at NY. it must have been the 22-4 win vs the Yankees I was at haha
YogaBeer::07 was a magical year for Cleveland.  Cavs in the NBA finals, tribe one game away from the WS and the Browns had  10 win season.    The only one in 3 decades.
Yata-garasu::Lol.  Weren't the Cavs playing the Pistons in the Playoffs then?
Booty Loaf_::I couldn't tell you
Booty Loaf_::I was at Indians 22-0 win over the tyankees back in like 02. I remember missing the 3rd thru 7th innings waiting in a LONG AS.S line for coldstone ice cream.
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::If it was Rocky Road ice cream, it was well worth the wait.
YogaBeer::mwahahahaha    I was at a twins game about 8 years ago with the wife.   I had to pinch a loaf in the 1st inning.    Came back to my seat and the tribe was down 7-0.
HunterF4444::I remember watching that game sick on my couch when I was 8 years old.
Yata-garasu::Lol.  Trolled by ice cream.
Yata-garasu::Coldstone Ice Cream is awesome though.  Lol.
Booty Loaf_::I don't understand why I insisted in waiting for that ice cream..
YogaBeer::My first game my dad and uncle took me to was the tribe vs the yanks in 1961.   The year Maris and Mantle were going for Babe Ruth's 61.
steve mctowelie::1975  eckersley shut out the As  wow  38 years goes by quick
joe_the_buckeye::That's cool Yoga. My first Tribe game was in 1999, when I (for the first time in person) watched Thome smack one.  Not quite the same, but hey--it's a good memory for me.
YogaBeer::You betcha!
LilVdog88::A good game by John Wall wasted because of an inablity to make shots, we play good Defense but I haye the offense hits droughts like this, it happens all too often. I hope when Beak comes back he can give us the spark we need
YogaBeer::A month ago, I'd say the Wiz were a LOT further along than the Cavs.   But since the trade, it changed everything.
Yata-garasu::You guys need one more offensive threat... Wall will be a liability if he can't make shots during those droughts...  My Cavs will be fine since Irving and Waiters can both create and pass.
TakeAChance51::Ive made about $3,000 a month on average over the last 2 months now by following this betting system called SportsBettingStar.  When I found this system it was on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
joe_the_buckeye::flagged
joe_the_buckeye::I would have made a horrible NBA GM lol.
joe_the_buckeye::I would have gone:   Williams (fell in love during MM) Knight (same) _____ Barnes Player to be named later=)
Yata-garasu::I would have taken:  Irving/Thompson/Barnes/PJ3...
Indians1028::Me too
TakeAChance51::Been following this betting system called SportsBettingStar.  I doubled my initial balance my first month and made almost $3000 my 2nd month just following its bets.  You can find this system on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
TakeAChance51::Ive been betting with a system named SportsBettingStar for only 2 months and have profited about 3K per month just following its tips.  You can find this system on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::Are the Browns the most popular team in Cleveland??
Booty Loaf_::i'll take 1 browns super bowl over 5 combined cavs and Indians championships all day every day
Booty Loaf_::I love my cavs but i'd be pissed if they were the only team to win a chip . only because of the popularity level. the mlb and nfl  are so much more popular that I don't think itd matter to the outside world
YogaBeer::I was at the '64 game.
Yata-garasu::;(  I would be just fine with 1 title for any of them....  LOL!
YogaBeer::not me.    I've seen Browns championships.
Cbarber357::I don't live in or near cleveland, but I only like the Cavs. A strange thing where being a Reds fan got passed along to me from my grandpa with being a steelers fan being passed to me from my dad after he grew up in the 70's watching the steel curtain, then I just started following the Cavs because nobody in my family liked basketball and they are in state even if 3+ hours away
Yata-garasu::I don't really get it...  I love the Cavs, Browns, and Indians equally...
joe_the_buckeye::Oh well. I'm not going to persuade you lol. But kids are cool.  Besides, persuading you is a job that's for your future wife to do=)
Yata-garasu::Sounds cool and all but I just don't get it.  Lol.  Everyone says that I don't sound like that.  I am in real life...  I just really love my sports teams.  :)
joe_the_buckeye::No, kids are great. They keep things really interesting and fun. Someday I'm going to coach my kid's soccer team and do all sorts of cool stuff with him/her.  You don't sound anti-social on here--you sound like a great guy. You'd be fine.
Yata-garasu::I am in college too....  I am just very anti-social...  Just don't see the point...
joe_the_buckeye::lol..come on. Kids are awesome. I'm in college, but I know I want kids someday. I have a ton of nieces and nephews and they're great too.   Then again, I grew up in big family, so that might be part of it lol.
Yata-garasu::LMAO!!!  I'll take that as a complement even though I don't plan on having children!
YogaBeer::I'm with you Yata.   However, for my time, I like the NBA the best if I had to choose.   Watching a slow MLB game after watching a fast NBA game is sometimes painful.
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::Yeah, I live in Boston and I don't get how the Red Sox are the most popular team here. Especially considering the Celtics have won 17 NBA championships...
joe_the_buckeye::Really yata? You will make a great dad someday.  "Don't worry kids, I love you all the same." =)
YogaBeer::It hasn't always been this way.   Not by a long shot.    Was a baseball city for at least a century.
YogaBeer::I think the tide started going to the Browns once Trade Lain started his idiotic GM in the early to mid 60s.   However, Art really messed up bad in the 70s and the tide swung back to the tribe until about 10 years ago.
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::Yeah, I would have guessed the Indians.
joe_the_buckeye::Pretty easily. We love the Cavs and Indians too, but this is a football city all the way.
YogaBeer::For some strange reason yes.
Booty Loaf_::it is by far a football town
Indians1028::Yeah
TakeAChance51::Been betting with a system for sports bets named Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month for three consecutive months now since I found out about this system. You can find it on the first page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems. At first I thought this was going to be bogus but ended up being awesome..
steve mctowelie::watching tombstone...how did val kilmer not get an oscar for playing doc holiday?
YogaBeer::His Hoover is working really well?
YogaBeer::"Should've picked D Williams"  "Dion Waiters was a reach."  "Tristan Thompson was a reach."  "Luke Walton can't pass and is worthless."  -   idiots
JohnsonnnL::I remember when people were saying the Cavs should have picked Jonas Valancuinas.
Yata-garasu::I remember....  Williams and Knight they said....
YogaBeer::Amen!
Yata-garasu::I am guilty on the Walton part of it for a while...  LOL!  I wasn't very happy with the Waiters pick but then I watched his highlights...  Then I jumped on the bandwagon...
Yata-garasu::I was too....  Waiters looks like a future all star...
YogaBeer::Me too!   :)  *... as I slink back into the dog house.
joe_the_buckeye::I had watched the cuse-tOSU game and was really not that impressed. When they picked him I was really hoping for Drummond or Barnes. I'm thrilled that I was wrong though lol.
Booty Loaf_::who specifically said luke Walton cant pass? lol.
YogaBeer::LeBron fans.
HunterF4444::I don't think luke is part of our future besides veteran leadership. So he's not worthless but not worth 6 mill a year
quickbr0wnf0x::I wouldn't be surprised to see Luke back next year for the veteran's minimum.   He provides insight and a good example to the younger players.
Booty Loaf_::good thing we're not paying it. I think we only have to pay 1 mil of it
YogaBeer::Among other things, this game doesn't get turned around without Luke Walton.  But yes.   That's a no brainer.
joe_the_buckeye::--me. (well for the first 3)   I know....
Booty Loaf_::those little frozen microwavable white castle burgers are immaculate
YogaBeer::Dang it!      I'm trying to lose weight and I think I just gained 10 lbs for thinking about those scrumptious little lburgers.
Yata-garasu::I agree...  Watch them spin!!!
HunterF4444::Trash Miami fans don't deserve that team. 19 wins in row, just crazy.
joe_the_buckeye::Nah...they're bandwagoners, not true fans. I won't even grant them that respect.
JohnsonnnL::Nice to see the Ravens and Steelers losing important players.
YogaBeer::ha.    You go onto ANY NFL thread and all of a sudden, the Ravens fans all hate the players that got them to the promised land.
Yata-garasu::LOL!  "WE DON'T NEED YOU ELLERBE OR REED OR BOLDIN OR KRUGOR!!!"  "YOU ALL SUCK!!!"  "GO RAVENS!!!!!!"
HunterF4444::There is no reason for Gee to take 15 shots...ever.
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::Unfortunately, I have to agree with you on that one. Sometimes I wonder why I go on these boards to begin with lol.
joe_the_buckeye::lol...I know the Lakers boards are always a mess--so I don't blame you for being here =)   We Cleveland guys are cool as long as you don't go slamming our city or our teams.
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::Hey hey, Kobe's been shooting pretty well lately :D
joe_the_buckeye::True enough lol. Props to you as a respectable Lakers fan.  God knows there aren't many of them on here...
steve mctowelie::15 shots - 17 points  he was channeling  his inner kobe
joe_the_buckeye::No, Kobe would have needed 30 for that.  Seriously though, he's actually been passing the ball and shooting a decent percentage recently....and (entirely coincidentally) they finally started winning some games.
joe_the_buckeye::No, his role should be running the floor for a few dunks every game and maybe taking a couple open 3s, but for the most part--he's out there to play defense.  I'd rather see Ellington or Dion take a lot of those shots, although he did take it inside aggressively a few times which I did like.
joe_the_buckeye::It's nice to watch Dion back fully healthy again. I'm starting to wonder if he isn't the third best player out of that draft (still behind Davis and Lillard I think though).
Yata-garasu::He will end up #2 when it is done...  He should be #1 or #2 in ROTY voting...
YogaBeer::10?    I guess I should go back and take a harder look.
Yata-garasu::If Waiters continues to shot at this high level he will be very close to his FG%.  Amazing since Waiters was in the mid 30's to start the year...  If it stays like it is now I would give it to Lillard but Waiters can catch him...
HunterF4444::For a little while, but his last 10 games he's been good.
YogaBeer::BTW, I think every NBA team would take A DAvis.   Problem is, only one team had the #1 pick.
YogaBeer::Well yes.   He's had a couple good ones, but you can't deny that wall he ran into.
joe_the_buckeye::Gotcha. I think that's a good possibility.   I do really like Lillard's game, but Dion just has the physicality and quickness of a truly great NBA SG. As for AD--he's a freak of nature and is a lock to be a great--just takes time to grow into an NBA big.
HunterF4444::Lillard has been really good lately...check his stats.
Yata-garasu::IMO it should be Waiters then Lillard/Davis...
YogaBeer::Lillard was a beast in the 1st half of the season, but he's hit a wall.
Yata-garasu::Lillard will probably win it but Waiters slowly creeping up on him.  By #2 I mean he will have the second best career behind Davis.
joe_the_buckeye::AD or Lillard over him? ROY race would have to be Lillard.
HunterF4444::He is an absolute tank
joe_the_buckeye::He is, and he's got absolute blazing quickness, a smooth handle, and a deceptively decent jump shot (especially when he's balanced). I love that kid.
andrewplayer21::Browns will be a top 5 defense if they grab Milner in the draft
YogaBeer::I'm loving the signings so far.
11ClevelandSteamer11::Typical Browns fans getting over excited over some average signings. Bottom line is we overpayed two decent players.  im done getting rly hyped for average signings...
HunterF4444::Lol typical Browns fan complain when we don't sign people and complain when we do.
Yata-garasu::Typical Browns fans telling everyone they know everything and they will struggle next year even though they are headed in the right direction...
HunterF4444::Or if we get Cason and then draft Jones or Jordan
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::Respect to the Cavs fans who didn't follow LeBron to Miami ...
Makaveli_Better_Dayz::Actually, respect to Cleveland fans in general. You guys are beyond loyal to your teams.
joe_the_buckeye::We lose a lot, but we hang in there. No city's sports teams have had to deal with as much as we have.
HunterF4444::No real Cleveland fan followed him.
Yata-garasu::Those were LeBron James fans...
Booty Loaf_::the only people that did were the non real cavs fans to begin with.
Booty Loaf_::call me crazy, but if the price is right I say why not to namdi asomugha
YogaBeer::Too old to give him a FA contract.   IMHO   He could be money for us this year, but CB's in the league for 10 years is not a good bet to sign a FA contract.
Yata-garasu::And to think that he was the #1/#2 corner in the league a year ago...
Booty Loaf_::he still could be. its all about being in the right position to succeed tho. obviously something wasn't working in philli
Yata-garasu::I think the Browns will win 10 games this year...  Huge year by Richardson and Weeden(New offensive scheme) combined with a much improved defense(possibly the best defense in the AFC North!).
Booty Loaf_::they take the division this year. book it
YogaBeer::With the Browns signing the two guys they did today/tonight... I think it's safe to say they'll either pick up a tier 2 type CB in the next few days or we'll know who they're targeting come draft day.
steve mctowelie::didnt really know who bryant was. looked up his stats and thought they were bad for a lb. good thing he is a d lineman. i should really make sure of these things before i spout off
YogaBeer::MAC fans  Ohio/Akron should be in the final at the Q, but who do you think is the sleeper in this conference?  I say Kent State.
suorangefan4::Buffalo
YogaBeer::I just don't think they are deep enough.    I know you're a fan of them, but just not enough pieces this year IMHO.   I'm thinking Buffalo should have a nice jump next season though.
Booty Loaf_::Miami..
Booty Loaf_::I just looked at their record. they lost like 8 straight leadin up to their last win
YogaBeer::I'm a huge MAC fan.    Miami has stunk it up the entire season.    However, they've come on strong as of late.
Booty Loaf_::I have no idea about any team but ohio and kent. I just threw that name out there
YogaBeer::For some reason, they really have come on strong the last couple of weeks.   Horrible team this season, but if they continue to box out and drive to the rim, they just may do it.
YogaBeer::With Miami's game over for awhile now, I was wondering why we haven't been inundated with leBron fans.   So I checked their board out and yuppp, they're all arguing over JAmes &lt; &gt; Kobe.   mwahahahahahahaha
steve mctowelie::good keeps them out of our hair for a bit
Indians1028::I love the Heat fan with the name "LeBron for the win" because all I have to do is put clunk after it
Yata-garasu::I LOL every time I see that skill by his name....  He is slowly beginning to learn...  Only took him 10 years.....
Booty Loaf_::LeBron has come through in the clutch this year tho. and he got that closer sig skill on 2k doooeeee
Yata-garasu::Lol.
andrewplayer21::ROFL. Yep
Booty Loaf_::anybdy watching tosh? lol this sword guy
Yata-garasu::???  I must be too old....  Goodness is time going by fast...  I was just 20 a few months ago....
steve mctowelie::he isnt gay?
YogaBeer::hahaha   My wife thinks he's gay.
Yata-garasu::-_-  Hmmmm.....
Booty Loaf_::my dad thinks he is gay
YogaBeer::I'm 59 and I get Tosh.   Not a fan, but I understand his humor.
andrewplayer21::Yes lol
JohnsonnnL::Is it just me or does Boo.bie Gibson kind of look like Frank Ocean with a headband on.
YogaBeer::After doing a google, I see he's Justin Beiber's writer.   NO wonder I didn't know who he was.
Booty Loaf_::he does.
YogaBeer::dang it.   Now I"m going to have to google.
YogaBeer::Whoa... talking about an upset batman... Twinkies beating up the spurs.
Yata-garasu::How is Rubio doing?  1-8 with 10 assists.  Lol.
YogaBeer::I know.   LOL   Those Minny fans think in order to have a good PG in the NBA, one must suck with scoring.
robertgriffinhof::I am not a Browns fan, but I still think that they should find a new qb. Maybe not first round, but they still need some talented competition. I don't think Weeden is a bust, but you need 2 good qbs. It is why teams like the Steelers missed the playoffs and why my Redskins did. You NEED a backup who is good enough to start. Qbs get hurt.
Yata-garasu::I am just happy we have a coach that will run an offense that is playing to Weeden's strengths...  We will see.  I don't think he is a bust like a lot of people...  I just wish he was younger..
robertgriffinhof::RG3 made him look bad, but he did not play like a rookie. Luck did not make him look bad. He was one of the league leaders in interceptions and had a completion percentage in the 50's.
steve mctowelie::*good rook numbers for a bad team. if he was 22 this wouldnt even  be an issue
Yata-garasu::I will be very upset if we take him at #6.  We need Jones or Milliner...  Pass rusher/Shut down corner..
robertgriffinhof::FYI this is NOT the year to draft a qb. Unless it is Geno Smith. I think he will surprise a lot of people.
steve mctowelie::he isnt a bust  he put up good rookie numbers. the problem was the success of rg3 and luck made them look bad
robertgriffinhof::Age is his only issue. But you can get 5 good years out of him.
YogaBeer::agree 100%    We'll know fairly quickly this year if we need to draft one in 2014
steve mctowelie::pick up fitzpatrick   woooo
Booty Loaf_::taj boyd
YogaBeer::I like last year's #3.     you know.   What's his name.    Did better than Bash.
Yata-garasu::What do you guys think of the PG from Ohio University?
YogaBeer::I'd love to see the Cavs get him as an undrafted FA.    His passing is supper.   He can sink them from DEEP.
Booty Loaf_::I think he'll be a good nba player. Mario chalmers sonny weems mix I see
Yata-garasu::He reminds me of Chalmers...
YogaBeer::The most complete NCAA player ever!    Look at that milestone he set this year!
YogaBeer::Love him, but he's too small.
Yata-garasu::For the Wizards fans:  I wish you guys the best!  See you guys in the playoffs next year(hopefully)!  GO CAVS!!!
YogaBeer::Bringing back that old PO rivalry should be fun.   It'll bring in the trolls from under the South Beach rocks.
steve mctowelie::first round matchup  cavs #2 seed the wiz #7
steve mctowelie::dont get carried away yata
Yata-garasu::*1 seed for the Cavs.
Dylan11007::have there been more 40 point games in nba history or triple doubles
GeorgeTownDC29::Dwight Howard got his a$$ booed for anyone wondering
YogaBeer::You mean Orlando pulled a Cleveland?
GeorgeTownDC29::Pretty much. Though Cleveland was more justified
steve mctowelie::how else was that going to go down
Booty Loaf_::lol thanks. I asked three times on here and the Orlando board and no body responded to me. was it as bad as LeBron?
GeorgeTownDC29::Not that bad. But pretty bad
Booty Loaf_::that was the funnest game I have every been to. regardless a=of the a.ss rape we got
Yata-garasu::I don't think anything could be that bad...
Yata-garasu::I am so good at trolling...
YogaBeer::The LeBron trolls will be rolling in about 5, 4, 3, 2...
robertgriffinhof::Thank you. No one ever trolls Wizards fans. Feel free to stop bye any time.
TakeAChance51::I started playing an online betting system called SportsBettingStar.  Since I started, Ive made an average profit of $3,000 a month.  I really hope that this reaches someone that is looking for an online betting system that really works.
Nargash35::If Jimenez ever be as good as he once was, Indians can easily be top MLB team..!!
Yata-garasu::We will still end up last in the AL...
YogaBeer::Yata!    Turn in your Cleveland shirt asap.
Yata-garasu::Twins&gt;Indians...
Booty Loaf_::whoah. way to kill the buzz. we were on a role with positive Cleveland sports talk for once
Indians1028::Thats what the Twins are for
Booty Loaf_::offensively and in the field we'll be top 10 for sure
TakeAChance51::Been following a betting system named SportsBettingStar the last few months.  Ive made around 2-3K per month in profits using this systems advice.  You will find this system on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
kcchen_us::John Wall is way overrated!
YogaBeer::As a Cavs fan, I'd take him in Al Bundy orgasmic/second.
robertgriffinhof::You didn't watch the game. But be happy, I am giving you attention :)
robertgriffinhof::But he is not hyped anymore. As a matter of fact, you could argue that he is really underrated now. Only way people will notice him is if he wins.
Booty Loaf_::but honestly, he hasn't lived up to his hype.. YET
robertgriffinhof::Tough loss for the Wiz, but John Wall was a beast on defense tonight.   Really flashed some Gary Payton potential.   There are so many good scoring point guards in the league, but this is how John can separate himself.  By being a 6'5, long, athletic nightmare for smaller/slower point guards.
EKast2012::Is Jan Vesely the biggest bust since Darko Milicic?
robertgriffinhof::No. Yi was a 6th pick too a couple years ago and is out of the league. Also, Hasheem Thabeet was a 2nd overall pick.
YogaBeer::maybe, but I'm a bust man.   Go Marilyn Monroe!
TakeAChance51::Been betting with an online system called SportsBettingStar for a few months.  Ive made over $3,000 a month now for 3 straight months since I started following it.  This system was on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
ardin76::Nice win Cavs and go Lakers!
