Alan Ogg::all the bandwagon nets 'fans' GHOST after they BARELY beat the heat. now 3-9... haha, what a JOKE of a franchise. i wonder if Jason Kidd is still beating his wife and driving drunk
Juan C Fer::No way to talk about a mans wife like that
Alan Ogg::in NBA jam 1994? sure.
Raul Ugarte::Second in assist all time second in steals all time third in 3 pointers made all time third in triple doubles all time not to mention he took a nets team to the finals back to back which in this day an age wouldn't make it past the first round in the playoffs also was part of the mavs team that stopped lebron and the heat in 2011
Ed DeSalle::I thought Brooklyn was taking over the Heat? 3-10??? LAUGH MY BALZ OFF!
Ron Dest::Paul pierce and Kevin Garnett Star in " The Inside Job ". As their last mission for the celts Ainge traded them away to create chaos and drag the nets down. Meanwhile Ainge's draft pick this year will be top 3. Enter scene with Ainge talking via a holographic projector to a man with a hood covering  his face " saying it is done, lord  simmons "
Amie-Charlie Herrera::why would any NBA team wanna sign the two biggest losers to ever play B-ball Garnett/Pierce HA the worst combo to ever exisit
Cory Nope::What kind of loser forces his GF to make a dual FB account?
Fjodor Balla::I hate them both but in what planet were you when these 2 "biggest losers" won it all in 2008 and lost in 7 games in 2010 finals?
Amie-Charlie Herrera::Cory Nope what kind of loser thinks any 1 was forced to do anything? lawn jockey...............
Travis Cook::Nets fans were right they are a title contenter. Granted, they would have to trade their entire roster and coaching staff.
Jamie Whittimore::I remember when so many people thought the NETS would be a TOP 3 team in the east......lmao.  I love it.
Brandon Tigues::I'm embarrassed to say I was one of them
Mc TopRamen::To be fair a 3-9 team still might be a playoff team in the east.
Jamie Whittimore::They could still make the playoffs but I doubt it's as a top 3 seed.
Lisa Beatty::Seems to me ALL NY teams suck this year....Yanks couldnt buy their typical post-season appearance... MEts... Islanders...Rangers...Giants....Jets... Knicks... Nets.... Wait.. i guess the only good NY Sports team this year was the NY Red BUlls soccer team....
Mc TopRamen::Well at least while the Knicks and Nets battle it out for last place they can reflect on all the championships these storied franchises have won.  Oh wait....
Bob DuMars::Nets proves that a Russian mobster cannot buy wins...Team Geezer is overhyped !
Tony Ellis::Thanks, Nets. The Celtics appreciate your generosity.
Alan Ogg::Nets 'fans' before Heat Vs Nets game: 1.25 Billion Nets 'fans' after L number 10: ZERO
Alan Ogg::which big 3? Tim Hardaway , ZO, and Mashburn. or seikaly long and smith?
Jazmine Ortiz::game about to start and only two comments? where'd all the nets fans go?
Mark Sugimoto::New York the mecca for mediocre basketball.
John Feezy::thats actually giving them too much credit this year.
Tony Hartmann::more like bottom feeding basketball
Jazmine Ortiz::first NY team to ten losses nets win!!
Brent B Jacoby::funny seeing the pistons beat up the LAWRENCE FRANK coached nets. he is the most overrated coach in league history (he looks like he should coach middle school basketball) and he has the nets playing how the pistons played last year!!!
Marc Katz::lol thinking about that ridiculous article on ESPN about which NY team owns the city.  Who the heck cares? and who the heck wants to even claim them?
Ben Black::The D league.
Darrell Henley::It's funny that both the NY teams combine wins = 6 are less then the Heat what a joke. NY Nets are 80 mill over the cap what a peice of crap. Fire both coaches now.
Joe Brooks::Hope the Nets fans are enjoying their senior lineup and junior coach. Hey, there are some good lottery picks this year!!!
Mike Vogel::Good coaches make halftime adjustments. The Nets always get killed in the third quarter. 1+1==See ya, Kidd!
Cory Nope::Boston Celtics: Receives Brooklyn Nets 2014 first-round pick (less favorable of theirs and Atlanta’s) via Kevin Garnett trade on 7/10/13.  You were saying as far as my tanking comment?
Amie-Charlie Herrera::lol i ve been laughing since i found out their salary what sad sad losers to even think they belonged in a sentence with the miami heat
Bill Young::Pierce and Garnett clearly don't have their hearts in it here. Retire, you bums, and stop wasting our time and money.
Jeffery Austin::A lot of heart against Miami. Heartless against the rest of the league.
Cory Nope::The Nets intention was never to win this season- it was all BS. They are tanking- Rooskzilla isnt a dumb owner of anything.
Mike Vogel::Tanking, with no draft choices? Brilliant.
Cory Nope::Garnett and Pierce off the books, you get a year to break Kidd in as a head coach, AND youre more than likely going to have grounds for dealing Williams at some point before the draft. Best of all, nobody is going to insinuate that they were tanking- just looks like failed moves.
Cory Nope::Mike Vogel When a team sucks like Brooklyn, it gives them a reason to deal Williams without backlash from the fanbase. Somebody will give up a lottery pick for him.
Lester Avellan::What a joke the Nets are from the players to the coach. Should of gotten KG and Pierce for veterans minimum. Lol...
Wade Russ::13 games in and everyone is bashing this team, while their all star center and point guard are out.  Makes sense.
Marcleen Bavogui::they were still losing with their all-star pg and center
Wade Russ::Who really expected a team adding 3 new key players and a new coach to come out of the gates blazing?      They'll be fine. 13 games in an 82 game season.     Smarten up, son.
Brent B Jacoby::were going to the playoffs!!!! GO PISTONS!! (i dont care if we have a losing record and make it)
