Lee Carvallos Putting Challenge::<b><i><u> BULLS</u></i></b>
MJ__The ___GREATEST::Lucas III  is MORE CLUTCH then Le BRICK james
perrypete::good to see our point guard play defense and dish the rock, but man he guns more than rose!
tbomber2::bulls should play boozer with asik and noah with gibson.  doesnt matter which 2 start
Jason21414::what a discrace john wall and the wizards are,  unfortunately wall has talent,  but he is too concerned with being a gansta then being a leader,  only thing WALL will lead is the wizards to the lottery!!!!!!  he makes me sick
Madhouse_United::10-2 baby! 10-2! Only the Thunder have the same record. Can't wait to face them this season.
The_Exuberator::Getting wins with whatever you got.. Bulls and Thibs getting it done..  Recaps and players of the game: http://bullsarena.blogspot.com/
No freedom of speech allowed on these boards::Best team in the NBA!
PortlandBlazers1004::Blazers-Bulls finals. Thoughts?
Madhouse_United::Why not? Rematch of the 1992 finals. Can't believe it's been 20 years. Hopefully my Bulls would win though! ;D
PortlandBlazers1004::Lucas played the entire game except for like 2 minutes. Most teams don't even have second string point guards as good as him, let alone 3rd string. Then again the opponent was the Wizards...
Madhouse_United::A win is still a win. Although I'll admit it wasn't that pretty of a win.
sportspotpourri::CJ Watson should go buy some more suits, and a Snickers bar.
nba is the worst::Hey Bulls fans - it's gonna be 5 on 8 again...  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vavuFJa9gU  (Wade dribbles, shoves CP3 in the chest, and dribbles again 2 "missed" calls in one play, right in front of the ref)
perrypete::shoved him in the chest?  that was the biggest flop ever!  once again nba is the worst fails even on in his rage of hate!  not to mention paul knocked the out of his hands so its not a dribble!  learn the rules before your ignorance tries to hate!
nba is the worst::Are you BLIND, or just stupid?
winfieldbus::is there such a thing as triple-dribble? nba refs are the worst
Adam01Said::Why is John Wall getting worse? His sophomore slump is looking worse than Tyreke's at this point.
msacksinsider::That was literally the worst played Bulls game I've seen played since 1998-1999 ... and they STILL won.
sportspotpourri::I don't think it was worse than that Hawks game they won last week. The Wizards are horrible though.
buzzard1022::considering it was their 3rd game in 3 nights and they were down 2 starters, Im not sure what you expected. I figured it would be an ugly game with bad shooting. Bulls gutted one out. NIce, if ugly, win
wadrules1::I don't know. I think both games vs. Atlanta were horrible. I don't see why Thibs doesn't try starting Asik and Gibson. I think they are a better tandem than Noah and Boozer. JMO
NEW_YORK_BLOWS::The Bulls have got to do something about the dead weight of Noah. Asik with 14 rebounds 8 points and Noah puts up 4 points 4 rebounds. Come on man. Noah and Boozer will see a lot of the bench again this season.
AbyssinianLion::Boozer and Noah combined for 8 pts and 8 Rebs smdh
rynodesign::Thibbs usually does not change he rotations. He runs his team based on continuity. The units that play well together stay together. Without Rose I figured some of the guys would be out of sorts since Lucas isn't going to play the same as Rose. Last night was a nice hard fought win without Rose, Rip, Watson, Boozer and Noah. D was great and between Lou and Omer they owned the boards. Omer and Taj shutdown the lanes. They played well considering what the team is going through.
ACUDA316::Actually Thibs is stubborn. They'll be starting all year. Just like how Bogans started every game for some odd reason last year
btpkk::his defense did not make up for  scoring 4 points per game I'm pretty sure Bogans gave up more than 4 points per game on defense
buzzard1022::Pretty sure that odd reason was defense.
ButchBUVAfan1::WTG  Wiz!!!  Just when I thought we couldn't get any worse and do finally get a W, we turn around and drop dead in the 4th Quarter.  We actually took the lead and then it was like OK, we were just kidding Mr. Lucas, Sir.  And off went the Bulls with the Wiz laying down like the beaten puppies that they are.  When you get on a roll like the WIz did last night in the 3rd Quar., why, oh why, would anyone even consider passing the ball to Seraphin.  ANd whoever said that he had skills,  lied to all of us.  Nick, no matter what Flip tells you,  it is OK to pass the ball away once in awhile.  Three times last night, I saw Wiz players turn and start back up the court as soon as Nick touched the ball and 5-6 seconds later he shot with no rebounders there because they all knew he was going to shoot, only last night he couldn't make anything.   SAD&lt;  SAD&lt;  SAD day at Wiznation.  Ernie is that you in the unemployment line too standing next to Flip and Dray?    Dray &amp; Flip both on their way out, just where remains to be seen.
Johta76::The Wizards were doing great in the 3rd Quarter, then they put in the subs and FG% dropped off dramatically.  When Seraphin, Mack, and Lewis came in the game, it just got terrible.  Mack couldn't even make a solid pass without his teammate having to do acrobatics to reach for it.  Crawford driving to the hole putting up impossible shots that had no chance of going in.  Then the starters returned in the 4th and couldn't get back in the groove.
joncastner@yahoo.com::typical wizards: star player on the other team is injured and their backup has a career game
buzzard1022::Actually, he's the backup to the backup
tbomber2::or just typical bulls.  last year the 1 game rose missed, cj watson had 33 points
Riker80::That was an embarrassing performance by my Bulls last night!  Rose is down, Boozer should be carrying the scoring load.  Instead he plays 26 minutes with only 7 shot attempts?  And Lucas jacks up 28 shots?  What kind of gameplan is that?  Deng 5 of 21, he's totally lost it the last 5 games.  Another horrendous shooting night for the Bulls.  I know we're 10-2, but we've got to get it going on offense, even when Rose is in there.
buzzard1022::I fully expected the bulls to shoot poorly considering it was their 3rd game in 3 nights. You could see they were tired, and gutted out a win anyway. NOTHING embarrassing about that.
-Pikachu-::True, we have the talent. Now the talent needs to step up.
Danny14551::The Wizards are horrible...  Normaly i back up coaches, but The Wiz coaching is horrible. While they dont have the best talent, there is enough there for them to at least win some games.
joncastner@yahoo.com::you'd think there is enough. but everyone on the wiz is selfish and tries to take opponents 1 on 1. no team play on this squad. you cant blame flip for how selfish this team is.
TRUESFONE::Le choke= Dan Marino of basketball
nicK2oo::Fan from Shanghai here to congratulate John,this is not a surprise for us cause we all know you can do this! Keep go on,Shanghai miss you and always be your second home!
DTWLAS::64 Points? I'm waiting for the night I hear that the Bullets score 40 points in a game. 10 points per quarter. They are PATHETIC!!!
Mounders::Your two guards are out sitting.  Get a brain.  Troll.
superpieman802::there is nothing better to do when you cant sleep then antagonize people on the heat board.  we get it all the time its nice to return the favor
lovesports3409::You were killing it over there. Just hilarious.
superpieman802::haha thanks.  i dont get like that often but it was 4am and i couldnt sleep lol.  they got a little taste of their own medicine.  weird they enjoy trolling other boards but get a little butthurt when they get the same in return
TRUESFONE::All that trash talk from heat fans , le brick strikes again...! Go bulls!
Robert156877::Yes, there is a lot of trash talking from the bandwagoners.  That doesn't mean that Bulls fans should come down to their level.
hozjo::64 points? did the game get called after the 3rd quarter?
alaska2349::good to see jl3 getting a shot finally in the nba. I remeber when he was at college at ok st and he balled it up and sent them into the final 4 with his 3 nobody wanted him cause of his size. but its good to see him finnaly get some min and tear it up. probably wont avg over ten a game this yr but atleast he is on a good team so he will atleast see them garbage 4th quarter min most games when the bulls are up by 20.
Baseketball48::Can't wait for Rip to get back, we really need scoring at the 2 guard again.
AUspartan06::It's irritating as all **** to have all these fans come out and trash talk players after a few bad performances. Sure, Noah and Boozer haven't put up a combined 20 points/30 rebounds, so we should just immediately trade them? It's called a team. The Bulls will rally and pick up their teammates just like they should. Plus, no one besides those guys has any idea what they are going through right now, and trolling them and asking for them to be traded is'nt helping thier confidence. Be patient, it's a long season ahead.
Danny14551::Sometimes some of you so called Bulls fans are embarrassing. Boozer is not doing to bad this year....I would like to see him get some touches in the post with his back to the basket and use that power of his. Noah will be fine. He is in a funk right now. It wont last long.  This years Bulls teams are looking very scary. Brewer's shooting is amazing. Lucas is playing at an all time high this season. Would love to see Jimmy get more time to rest Deng. When they get 100 percent. The Bulls will dominate. GO BULLS!!
greg94327::Its not even that, Boozers effort is minimal on defense and Noah is just straight suckin. And its not like he had an amazing season last year.
AUspartan06::At the same time, I'm also not expecting anything offensively from Noah. Maybe some inside feeds, a lob or two, and a few O rebounds. All of those things will come in time for Jo. Boozer just needs a good scoring game where he throws a couple down, maybe not all his swift lay-ups.
ASaini91::I dont think they need to be traded. Boozer is just being his usual inconsistent self. Noah seems to be in a slight funk right now and seems like he lost his confidence on the offensive side of the ball (and as a result somewhat on the defensive side), but its nothing that a few shots  falling cant fix
chicagofan68::jo and booz not playing well, injuries, etc....and first in the NBA at 10-2. things are only going to improve as the season progresses, i'll take it.
ADubbs04::its wishful thinking its just all going to come together.  bulls have a deficency on offense that will ultimately decide how far they can go when the postseason rolls around.
superpieman802::YES finally some sensible fans.  no need to panick.  we are the best team in the nba playing at like 80 percent right now.  once we get to 100 percent we are going to be scary
superpieman802::yea im not worried in the least after the heats back to back choke jobs its clear the bulls are the best in the east right now
AUspartan06::Don't get me wrong, it's hurtful to watch those guys struggle. But, thats why the Bulls put together this team the way they did. If Noah is performing at top notch then he will do his thing and get his minutes, if hes off then Omer is there to step in until he's back to normal. Boozer will put up his numbers as usual, sure he will have his scoring lulls, but I didnt see anyone asking for a trade after he rained down on the pistons. Let the game come to them, Thibs is smart enough to manage these players emotions and egos. Plain and simple, if your struggling then you'll get more work off the court to get back to how you were.
superpieman802::THANK YOU!!! i have been saying all along people need to relax.  we won 62 games last yea and we have the best record this year.  we are better then last years team and this team hasnt even come together yet.  they are going to be scary when everyone gets it together and everyone is healthy.  people need to relax.
superpieman802::i love haters.  the 3rd string pg comes in puts up 25 8 and 8 and all the haters say is "see rose is just a byproduct of his system and no that good".  keep hating because all i can see is jealousy.  how many of your teams have a 3rd string or a second string hell even a starting pg that can come in and drop numbers like that.
vatoking847::no rose obv
vatoking847::for third string point guard and running an offensive thru him the guy aint bad
Marcos4486::i say sit rose out for the next 4 games just so he gets rest we wont be that far behind from 1st place in the east that way rose can get rest and we can get a better handle on how serious this injury is
iunstoppable1::i could score 28 points taking 28 shots
Danny14551::in the NBA?....with Wall on you?...his length and quickness?...I doubt you will make more than three shots.
SergeantConway::Look at Jimmy Butler per the secret weapon on the bench    PLAYER	GP	GS	MIN	PPG	OFFR	DEFR	RPG	APG	SPG	BPG	TPG	FPG	A/TO	PER  Derrick Rose, PG	11	11	36.4	20.7	0.5	2.8	3.4	8.6	0.82	0.64	3.5	1.5	2.4	23.4  Luol Deng, SF	11	11	38.5	14.7	1.4	5.4	6.7	2.5	0.82	0.73	1.5	1.6	1.8	14.3  Carlos Boozer, PF	11	11	28.5	14.2	2.3	5.8	8.1	1.0	0.91	0.55	1.7	2.4	0.6	19.1  Richard Hamilton, SG	5	5	29.2	12.4	1.0	2.4	3.4	3.0	0.80	0.00	2.0	2.2	1.5	12.8  Ronnie Brewer, SG	11	6	22.4	8.5	0.7	2.1	2.8	2.2	0.73	0.09	1.0	0.8	2.2	16.8  Kyle Korver, SF	11	0	20.7	7.8	0.4	2.1	2.5	1.2	0.82	0.27	0.9	2.3	1.3	15.3  Joakim Noah, C	11	11	26.5	7.4	3.0	4.8	7.8	1.7	0.73	1.00	2.1	2.7	0.8	13.3  Taj Gibson, F	11	0	19.7	6.7	1.3	2.6	3.9	0.9	0.27	1.36	0.8	2.2	1.1	14.1  John Lucas, PG	7	0	10.6	6.3	0.3	1.1	1.4	1.6	0.43	0.00	0.9	0.7	1.8	20.5  C.J. Watson, PG	5	0	13.6	6.2	0.6	1.0	1.6	3.4	1.20	0.00	1.4	1.8	2.4	17.3  Jimmy Butler, G	5	0	4.4	        3.6	0.6	0.6	1.2	0.0	0.00	0.20	0.0	0.0	0.0	46.6
Antsea91::GODDAMNIT! Wall is killing my fantasy team's chances ...
SamTonyMontanaHurd::Wow. Our third string PG played better than John Wall. Teams better start being afraid of the Bulls.  BENCH MOB!!!!  We are by far the deepest team in the league. Who needs "superstars" who play defense half the time anyway?
chicagofan68::sounds like a lot of people acting like this shows that rose isn't that great...  first of all, jucas III doesn't play that much regularly. meanwhile, rose does it day in and day out. thus, you can't compare them like they're the same. - second, the offense struggled tonight at only 78 points. ppg has been about 97 with rose in, which means he IS getting everyone else involved as a star PG. - third, the defense doing this well is a factor of two much more important things than rose being out: it's a team defense, and the opponent was washington. the rest of the team makes a big difference on defense, and the bulls played a team that scores an average of 83 ppg. not a high-scoring threat.
cody wieseler 2012::go scallabrine
1bullsbears6::5 ways to lose a game....1 lebron at the free throw line...2 lebron in his post game...3 lebron driving to the basket...4 lebron taking a jump shot... 5 lebron shooting a 3
vatoking847::bulls on the come up see u ecf
PackinBay::Bulls keep chirping. The heat will beat you in the finals. Where it matters. Not one season game in LA. LeBron haters will be silenced
vatoking847::shaq and wade were better  the heat are hype win something now
Rivera_89::Didn't he win a ring last year?
tsr-cheyne::Didnt Lebron beat the Bulls last year?
InsaneBlackhawksFan::And lost to the Mavs.  Wade's just going to get older, how many more years has he got in the tank?
Rivera_89::Guaranteed that if LBJ signed with the Bulls, he wouldnt have all these problems, and would have won a ring by now
InsaneBlackhawksFan::He wanted Cuban @ss over being part of a 6 year dynasty.....
trackotaco::#6 Lebron fouling Chauncey on a 3pt shot..
MNwildBB::#7 Just being Lebron James
kush manbear::that was great  number 1 seed
ShaqLee_1::64 points. LMAO
lovesports3409::Bottom line...appreciate D. Rose, he does a lot.
doublec315::oh my god why would john lucas ever shoot it 28 times.
TRUESFONE::28 is still a kid
tsr-cheyne::Rose plays system basketball...... His stats are the same as Lucas.
23Chisox14::i'm guessing you ride the little bus?
rosebeckham::hes 28 hes not a kid
Mania-Mar::the kid is a fruitcup
trackotaco::the kid is confident....i guess
bootcamp::Turf toe sucks.
MEEENMACHINE::How funny , any point guard that steps in Rose's shoes on the Bulls puts up the same stats. Last year Watson scored 33 , in the game Rose wasn't playing .Today Lucas puts up Rose numbers..Just proves to you, that Rose is  just a bi-product of the Bulls defensive system, which is mostly schemed for the point guard to get leak out easy fast break layups.
mpurcell87::haha wow man. u dont know a great player when u see one if ur comparing lucas and rose.
Silverwulf1::I think this is truly a revolutionary idea ...  A defensive scheme can turn a 5'10"  third string PG into the league MVP.   So if we just play great defense all the time, and let our PG leak out for Fast Break baskets, he'll score almost 30ppg for the season. Except ... wait ... we only had 4 fast break points all night as a TEAM ...  And wait ... Lucas only had two of them ...   WAIT A SECOND HERE!!  I'm beginning to question your theory ...  Did you put any thought into this theory??
Silverwulf1::No, it's true ... if we just gave John Lucas 45 minutes a night, he'd easily be the league MVP ...  Know what else is true?  You're a moron.
MEEENMACHINE::Lucas even had a 4-1 assist to turnover ratio. MVP MVP MVP
trackotaco::the stupid shi.t you say amazes me
MEEENMACHINE::Rose would shoot 20% from the field if he didn't get out all those leak out dunks and layups off the Bulls D !
trackotaco::against the wizards....a team that is 1-9
MEEENMACHINE::Look at all of last year's stats and look at the Playoffs stats ..Don't tell me that Rose is a changed man in 10 games . Rose's game went south , during last year ..he started off gangbusters and got worse and worse. Last year he shot like 50% from the field , averaged 10 assists and scored 25 a game in his first 20 games. Every next set of 20 games during the year he got worse and worse and the Bulls got better and better.
trackotaco::ive never heard you say anything positive about him... you come on here constantly and just rag on the kid for his defense... You have to admit that he has gotten better since entering the league, and has improved greatly since working with Coach Thibbs...
perrypete::im not hating on him, i think he is amazing, but to be elite like most of you bias fans think he already is he has to play defense.  and i believe if he can improve his jumper like he did last season, he could one day be an above average defender!
trackotaco::you say you are a bulls fan, why do you hate on this kid so much??? He was 22, give him a break, and he also had a 6'8 beast guarding him in the ECFs who is just as fast and athletic as him... what do you expect him to do when no one else is doing anything on the team?
perrypete::my mistake i meant meant teague!
perrypete::fg% is shows how good of shots you are taking!  40%  from the field and 5 turnovers? sounds like a leader to me lmao!
trackotaco::The Bulls played the pacers, hawks and heat... lou williams was on the 76ers...
perrypete::nice playoff stats....thats the same playoff lou williams was made to look like an all star with rose's defense.  the same playoffs he forced shots over james after dribble the shot clock down without passing 5 staight 4th quarter possessions!  stay bias little boy!
trackotaco::you shoot 20 shots per game... if you make 10 you shoot 50%, make 9 you shoot 45%, make 8 you shoot 40%... if he made 1 more shot per game you wouldnt be riding him for shooting 45%....god people love picking and choosing what they go after...
trackotaco::is fg% the only stat you judge a player off of?
perrypete::im a bulls fan you idiot!  im not bias!  and either are stats!
MEEENMACHINE::He shot 40% from the field in the Playoffs...No team(30 teams) in the NBA shot worse then 43% from the field.
adisaacson83::How badly would you want Rose on whatever team you cheer for?
trackotaco::Rose averaged 27.1 ppg, 7.7 assists and 4.3 reb over last years playoffs... You're right, he played horrible...
bootcamp::LMAO.  If Rose was playing today, they would've won more than 14 points.  Your blindness is the byproduct of your hate.  No one's buying it anymore.
trackotaco::Rose would of dropped anywhere from 40-50 points on the Wizards for sure...
trackotaco::it was against the wizards, not the Heat.... He also shot 26 shots to score 25 points....
perrypete::no its because he dribbles down the shot clock without passing, which makes his teammates stand around!
513Gavin::When he does try to force shots it is only because the rest of the teams isn't taking their shots.
perrypete::yeah and he plays defense, is a great passes, and never forces shots!
bootcamp::This guy has been hating on Rose since he came into the league.  He keeps getting punked every year by Rose himself.
513Gavin::Call me when another point guard drops 30+ as a rookie in a playoff game against the defending champs.
trackotaco::Rose is also in the top 10 for scoring and assists... I doubt that Watson and Lucas could do that for a season...I also doubt that either of them could win league MVP
trackotaco::Rose is averaging 15 shots per game, but please try again..Rose also ranks 2nd out of all PGs for player efficiency PER...
MEEENMACHINE::Like Rose does , No ?
2 big 2 fast 2 strong 2 good::Here'sssssssssss Johny!!!!
perrypete::we looked like a real complete defensive team without rose!
mpurcell87::Rose 5-0 vs CP3
superpieman802::look at all these pathetic haters pretending they wouldnt kill to have rose on their team.  like perrypete who is a clueless moron pretending to be a bulls fan.
513Gavin::The bulls can defend with or without Rose. It is scoring points they have trouble with when rose is either not around or off his game. Hence 78 points.
trackotaco::Name 1 pg that has owned rose this year??? if anything, Rose has taken it to EVERY PG he has went up against...
perrypete::and yes gavin he does make them go on offense, i already siad that!  thanks for repeating me!
perrypete::blind hater?  give me a single stat that proves this!  you are just a bias idiot!
513Gavin::Their defense often does slow down the pace that still doesn't justify 78 points, and the all around awfull night of shooting they had. They made up for it with defense and rebounding, but not every team is the wizards. You can continue to rip rose if you like it just makes you look the fool. His abilities are what makes the Bulls go on offense period without him they simply can not score ask any one who knows anything about basket ball.
trackotaco::perry, the sh.it you say here is beyond ret.arded... Rose has improved his defense every year since entering the league, if you cant recognize that then you are just a blind hater...
perrypete::yeah because their defense doesnt slow down the pace at all!  and the only thing i know about rose is his defense!  but continue to make up bs!
trackotaco::the rose hater has decided to show up...they played the Wizards not the Heat....  and you suck at life Heat fan....stop acting like you like the Bulls... The only comments you ever say are knocking D Rose...
Chi Town Stand Up::Trolls you guys were right! That Bulls Bench IS overrated. Dumb A$$es
jjw3456::is it me or did the bulls score way more than that at one point they stop counting our baskets am i the only one who caught that
fergy12314::Should the Bulls sit or play Rose Friday against the Celts?
trackotaco::it really depends on how his toe is doing...if he isnt 100% they should sit him... if anything, one of our backup pgs is getting some good experience... Its a long season with many more games to go, no reason to risk anything...And i heard today on 670 the Score, that Rose refuses to take any cortizone shots, he just tapes up the injury, the kid is tough...
greg94327::big game, if he can play he should
Isai5536::true. get him healthy for the playoffs
Oj7414::Great Game for the Bulls. The bulls played without D. Rose, CJ watson and Rip Hamilton. For some reason we play better Defense hurt! But hey, a win is a win. I Just wish we could start a full season healthy for once, GO BULLS!
