DaPoohDini::Kobe had more rebounds than a guy who had 31 in a game once (Kevin Love)
Antiquity001::OMG 9-11 and 11th place in the conference.  The Wolves kick so much $@%!  :/
drinking beer with cutler::Why are the Lakers still talked about? They are not going anywhere this year.
ZachC1965::Lakers; +19 with Metta World Peace +12 with Bynum + 12 with Fisher!  only +3 with Kobe..?  Just an overrated chucker who hurts as much as he helps...
lehmanator123::wow its one game. not the whole season
ToniK24::Not that you didn't ages ago, but you completely lose any credibility when you compare Ron Artest to Kobe.
ToniK24::That's a +3 over his average efficiency rating. Think before you type. How would a 35 point 14 rebound performance on 48% shooting receive an average player efficiency rating of only +3? Pau put up way better numbers than he regularly does, so that's why his +/- was +15.
jbrown2452::+3 what?
twentyanite::you dont even believe what you saying.
addicted2girlsandssftc::Peoplle who say rubio sucks because he sucks at shooting, don't know anything about the game of basketball, he isn't a shooter, thats not his role, its like saying howard sucks because he can't shoot out side the paint or or shoot free throws, hard to say someone who is 3rd in assists, 3rd in steals, sucks.  Ellis lead the league in scoring few years ago, don't see gm's lining up to trade for this guy, GS being trying trade him for the longest time now, can't determine how good a player is only based on how much pts the avg.
ToniK24::Funny you say "don't know anything about the game of basketball" when the game of basketball centers around shooting. It's a shame, especially someone with Howard's natural abilities, to be such a horrible shooter. And I saw Rubio last night, just like Rondo, there is no excuse for a guard to be such a bad shooter. Rubio wasn't even close most of the time, they were pure bricks. It's a complete shame that a guard can't shoot the ball.
twentyanite::arenas or JR smith would be good addtions. look arenas is a low risk sign. if he gives us something then great if not then im cool with that to. we need more scoring on the perimeter. JR is more of a risk but higher reward. that dude can get buckets and at a high rate. he will be more expensive and he could be of a cancer in the locker room. if kobe can control artest then for sure he will be able to control JR. if i had to chose between the 2 i would take JR. we need more talent.
jamta09::I don't think that JR is much of a risk at all when you consider the whole picture.......We aren't going anywhere with this current roster as is.  We need scoring badly, who else is available who can score better than JR?
brown and gold broncos::wilson chandler i believe.
ACandOJ::I don't know about either of them....there is a reason nobody has sign Gil.  He is done.  Smith is more a risk than Artest ever was....his rep was based off of the Palace thing.  Never heard of him getting into with coaches or being a bad teammate...
sugarglyder::Kyrie Irving &gt; Bricky Rubio
FantasyNazi::You also forgot to mention that the Cavs are 2-5 in their last 7 games and have yet to beat a team with a winning record this year.  Has Irving been hiding too much in Varejao and Jamison's shadow?  I still don't understand why they both can't be awesome though because they are.
sugarglyder::How many 20 point games has Rubio had?  How many victories has Rubio been responsible for where he wasn't hiding in Love's shadow?  How many games has he made the clutch shot for the win?  Irving 23 PER Rubio 17 PER  There's a 4 point difference between Jordan and Kobe.  All the talk about how much better Jordan is at this and that is only over a 4 point difference.  Kyrie has a +6 difference over Rubio.  That's a much bigger difference.  Pretending that Rubio's stats are better is doing him a disservice.  I'm sure he'd rather put up better numbers himself rather than depend on some kids faking stat arguments for him over the internet.  ROFL
FantasyNazi::Dude, just because Kyrie Irving is really good doesn't mean Ricky Rubio sucks.  They are both going to be great for a long time.  They just play totally different styles.  Also, Ricky has not made a clutch shot, but he has been at his best in the 4th quarter this year.   Irving averages more points, but irving has yet to hit Rubio's averages of 8.8 assists and 2.3 steals once this year. He does not have an 8 assist game or a 3 steal game yet just like Rubio doesn't have a 20 point game.  I would take either of them and not complain.
jbrown2452::You are hardcore with it dude.. Jordan's resume makes him better than Kobe.. MJ = Teacher, Kobe = Student. Irving and Rubio play two different styles of games.. Pick what you would rather have...
FantasyNazi::Some Irving/Rubio numbers- Rubio 11 games with 3 or more steals, Irving 0 games-Rubio 8 double-doubles, Irving 0 double-doubles-As a starter, Rubio has had at least 8 assists in every game but one (10 starts 6-4 record), Irving has yet to have an 8 assist game this season---Shooting and scoring aren't the only stats in basketball.  Rubio averages more assists, steals and rebounds per game.
sugarglyder::Excuses explaining Rubio's poor shooting:  "A garbage truck ran over both of his hands" "His hair grease got all over the ball" "Took too much Spanish fly before the game"
ACandOJ::Why are you still talking about Kyrie Irving?
sugarglyder::Bricky's shooting 35% for the month of January.  Kyrie?  54%.  Even Kobe fans are impressed.
Jason Terry765::Kobe the closer just keep doin it(winning),the haters say he old he shoot 2 much,lets talk about the 14rebs with 2 soft 7 footer on his team.
ZachC1965::Kobe's practically a detriment at this point...  Only + 3 with Kobe last night!  But + 19 with Metta!  Kobe is smelling worse every day...
eightbitme::PER = P.e.n.i.s Envy R.e.t.a.r.d.s
FTLakerFan::and now the lakers want to sign arenas, yeah thats a good idea, lets get older and less athletic, just what we need
ACandOJ::I told my friend that last night.....he wants to sign him.  I told him yeah 2005 Arenas.  There is a reason why 2012 Arenas is still available to sign
jbrown2452::Right? 2005 Arenas was the bomb.. 2012 Arenas is not even a shell of his former self...
KevinDurantFan56::smh they need Deron Williams
FTLakerFan::Brown played Kobe and Pau the whole second half on the second day of a back to back, just to get a win over minnesota, what a joke, do you think Pop would do that
Unbiasedfan83::Kobe is 0-2 in NBA fights and 0-everything in NBA sneakers
DeezBrown::Bynum shooting 5-7 from the line was better than previous games. I am happy about that because he has definitely been struggling. I dont like how he never tries to dunk when he is right at the rim. He wants to lay it in and scream like he is getting fouled. He needs to be a bully in the paint. Just pretend Barea is out there or something.
403Ryan::Kobe Bryant is the best in the NBA today and 2nd best EVER.
ACandOJ::Quote of the night: "They get the same amount of touches pretty much every game," Bryant said. "They played well because they were aggressive and they created space and they made good of their opportunities. It’s about them capitalizing on those chances and being physical down low and creating from those opportunities that they’re given."   Kobe must be on the boards this season b/c I have been telling the "Kobe is shooting too much" crowd that all season....
Yungdubz27::I've been screaming the same thing. People always want to act like Pau and Bynum play better when Kobe shoots less....I'm like Kobe shoots less when those guys decided to take shots.
Yungdubz27::Exactly or Pau gets the ball posted up then he turns to face up, pump fakes, holds the ball over his head, pump fakes again then passes the ball out. I'm like either you take the post up shot our the jumpshot...
ACandOJ::My least favorite play..."Pass to Gasol on the elbow (because he lost if position on the block), Pau pump fakes...fakes again...holds the ball over his head...fakes a pass...pump fakes again...throws the ball to Kobe with 3 on shot clock"
jbrown2452::Remember.. Kobe isn't supposed to score 40 when Pau and Bynum are shooting a combined 6/36.... I don't understand where people get that logic from.. but it's there..
jbrown2452::Come back and people are still talking about Kyrie Irving.. Am I missing something with him?
jbrown2452::Yeah boom... it is super slow in here..
ACandOJ::Its always slow after a Lakers win....
boom.shaka::Nah, just a troll and a slow board.
DeezBrown::Lakers played good defense but it was pointless because they didnt grab the boards. I wish there was a way to improve this team while keeping the core 3 but that is damn near impossible. I see an early playoff exit for my beloved  Lakers but it is what it is.
Mazyck2003::This game proved and solidified the fact that Kobe can be Kobe and if Gasol and Bynum hustle they can get theirs as well. Kobe did what he always does take advantage of what he can, when he cans. However, for Kobe to out rebound his 7 footers, is not good at all. Its serves to reason they save their energy on the offensive side of the ball. In addition,tis formula will not work against better teams, unless our BIGs hustle at both ends.  Getting out rebounded is a travesty. MWP starting and playing is a mockery of professional players. This team needs help. And Murray taking a three when Kobe was wide open in the corner, well he shold taken the garage and break one of knee caps, because how often is Kobe actually open? and Murray did miss the shot.   If the rumor is true, then now the Mike Brown hire makes sense. Mitch had no say so in the matter because he had already seen the writing on the wall. Don't get me wrong, I don't mind seeeing Mitch leave, but the replacement is vital, and Dim Buss is calling the shots, then this storied franchise is going to live the nightmare the Celtics did for years before returning to the show
_mongo__slade_::Gasol averages 9 boards a game for his career. He's about .5 better this season even with Bynum playing bigger minutes.
boom.shaka::I'll give Gasol credit for the last 3-5 games.  Even though he hasn't always played well, he is play  much more aggressively.
ACandOJ::So you're saying that you're pleased with what Pau has been giving the team this year??
ACandOJ::Pau is not physical enough to block out on the boards for some reason....I think he is still having his mental issues from the playoffs.
fmunozcuevas::He is having mental issues from almost being traded and then play for a coach who has no knowledge whatsoever about how to run an offense. Still, he shouldnt let those things affect him.
_mongo__slade_::The big problem was on the offensive glass and it goes back to the play at PG.  When a guy like Rubio is able to break the defense time &amp; time again, it puts the big men out of position and allows  a team to get 20+ offensive boards. Real stupid to say that Pau &amp; Bynum aren't good rebounders...
Mazyck2003::I did not say our BIGs aren't good rebounders, but they should not let  guard out rebound them, almost combined!
George Noory::Why does Kobe always have to rape poor innocent white women?
eightbitme::That sweet, innocent, young lady from that small town in Colorado should not have had semen from six different men in her underwear.  That's all i'm saying.  :-)
ACandOJ::That would be a good start....
Playamade7::Lol yea she shoulda put clean underwear on b4 she call rape.
sugarglyder::Colorado Carl, is that you?
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Kevin Love was asking for it.
fmunozcuevas::That is not nearly as fun as you think it is
pjreiter::Flagged.  Go away troll.
pjreiter::Glad to see the Lakers get a much needed road win.  Here's hoping the bench start picking things up.
sugarglyder::Before I go...  Putting personal feelings aside, does Kyrie Irving deserve to make the Eastern All Star team if he continues to play the way he is right now?
ACandOJ::Also All-star games are for fans.....how many fans want to see Irving??
sugarglyder::Irrelevant since Kyrie is outplaying most guards.
ACandOJ::Case closed
_mongo__slade_::He's 2nd to last in the voting so far....
_mongo__slade_::The Cavs are 3 games under .500 &amp; closer to last place than to first. Stop talking like he's turned them into some kinda juggernaut. Being a step above the train wreck they were last season isn't all that great.
sugarglyder::Statistical performance and winning % improvement is what matters.  Kyrie has the Cavaliers playing respectable basketball.  Your arguments carry no weight.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::All-Star selections are a joke. It's borderline meaningless.   Kyrie is very good. that's enough
pjreiter::No.  I don't think rookies (no matter how good) deserve to be All-Stars right out of the gate.  Besides, I'm sure he'll play in the rookie game.  Let's see how he is playing after a few years in the league.
sugarglyder::So you're saying that players should be All Stars based on previous seasons.  What a rookie does isn't relevant since it's his first season?  So a player who's struggling gets a free pass if he has good prior seasons?  ROFL  Seriously though,  a rookie should make the All Star team if he has superior numbers and shows the team improvement in the win column.
jayroberts59::He should be a reserve in my opinion. Rondo is injured so he might have a chance.
sugarglyder::Kyrie's racking up huge stats for a rookie, he's made the improvement impact a quality rookie is supposed to, and he's nailing game winners.  Even Kevin Durant wasn't able to accomplish this much, until what, his 3rd season?
_mongo__slade_::no
sugarglyder::Personal feelings?  That's not even close to true.  I'm looking at their actual production here.  Kyrie Irving's FAR more productive than every East shooting guard other than Wade, except Kyrie's played 8 more games.  He's improved his team's winning % by 2x.  The reason I called you out is because there's no way you could support your point and I knew it.
_mongo__slade_::lmao...I thought you were putting personal feelings aside. Rondo, Rose, Wade, &amp; Allen will all get in over Irving.
sugarglyder::Except point guards are playing better than shooting guards in the East.  There isn't a single shooting guard more deserving than Kyrie right now.  Wade will make it, but he's not more deserving.  He's only played 11 games and his numbers aren't any better.
_mongo__slade_::There's the flaw in your logic. There isn't any distinction between SG &amp; PG in the voting. So you have to take SG's into consideration.
sugarglyder::I'd also like to know which point guards are more deserving.
sugarglyder::Deserving, how exactly?
_mongo__slade_::There are other guards in the east who are more deserving. Maybe he can dominate the rookie game.
sugarglyder::Why not?  Kyrie's putting up the numbers and he's winning games for the Cavs.  Their winning % is double what it was last season.  His team would be in the playoffs if the season ended today.
jayroberts59::Yes sir.
Playamade7::Its sad that Kobe has to put up these numbers in order to win a road game, I wish our big men performs bttr.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Well Kobe is the Best player on the team, that should be expected. As it was pointed out, they did score at least 20 each, i wish at least one of the other  7 players performed better.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::gasol and bynum scored over 20 each
Playamade7::That I agree with, but there isn't any reason why he shouldn't get at least 10 rebounds a game.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::Pau is slipping a bit...but Bynum, over the season--not one game--is contributing immensely (he avg over 12 rebs). Problem is he doesnt get the rock enough.
Playamade7::Kobe also had more rebounds than both of them 7' footers COMBINE..... and I'm not even gonna bring up Gasols defense.
Jason Terry765::Lakers finally scored a 100
m4gor::i think Adleman could come with better defense plan .. Love sucks defensively i would put there Randolph and move Love to SF to shoot jumpshots over Artest, also i would try Beasley to guard Kobe, i think he would have enough speed and size to make some troubles
Playamade7::pst...we FINALLY won a road game.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::I'm just going to go out on a limb and say that the 80s Celtics and Pistons were tougher to beat than the 2000s Nets, Pacers and Sixers.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::The comparison has nothing to do with Jordan. It's comparing the 2000 era lakers with the 80s era. Magic &gt; Kobe. I like Kobe and everything but...please.
DeezBrown::Magic Magic Magic Magic!!!
the_alba_bang::lol @ "a former Grizzlie"...
sugarglyder::Coaching an out of control chucker (Kobe), a former Grizzlie (Gasol), and a player who's always hurt (Bynum) to 2 titles is far more impressive.  Not a single one of them are top 5 GOATs.
Mazyck2003::and you my freind is an idiot! now get ready for school.
the_alba_bang::Good point, but Jordan also needed the right pieces and for those pieces to mature, which Detroit had already. Kind of like Durant and OKC. They are not there yet, but they are certainly getting there.
sugarglyder::Yeah, real tough with two of the top 5 GOATs and a strong supporting cast.
fmunozcuevas::Hell yes!!!  Finally, somebody who thinks the same thing I do. MJ needed the Pistons to grow old to be able to start winning. He would have won some rings down the road, but the teams he faced were not nearly as tough as those from the 80's. Still, I think MJ is the best individual player of all times.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Just like it is now, everyone knows the NBA Title is won in the WCF's
sugarglyder::As soon as LotR Phil leaves, the Lakers offense struggles to score enough points to win even 60% of their games.  Face it folks:  Not only did Kobe famously ride his All Star big men to titles, but all the Lakers rode LotR Phil, who's arguably the greatest coach of all time.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::every team is struggling to score. it could be that mike brown sucks more than phil was good
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::i havent made any other posts about Phil...so maybe you are just trying to start fights where there are none?  which IS consistent with your other posts about just about everything.
sugarglyder::Weak spin.  You're attempting to blame the Lakers failure on Mike in an attempt to downplay Phil's impact, which IS consistent with your other posts that also belittle Phil's 11 rings.  /slap
boom.shaka::The sweep by Dallas also downplayed his coaching skills.  And in case you hadn't noticed, this team has less talent than last year's.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::whats dumber is your comprehension.  i was dogging Mike Brown, not Phil. Pretty clear to see.
sugarglyder::Phil's 11 rings destroys your attempt to downplay his coaching skills.  Dumbest post of the day, easily.
boom.shaka::And Pat Riley too.  Only losers hire good coaches.
boom.shaka::Yes....and so is Randy Pfund, Magic Johnson and Kurt Rambis
sugarglyder::Mike Brown is a good coach?  ROFL
jayroberts59::(ewing) I said jordan and kobe won more titles becasuse they were scorers not playmakers. U might want get checked out for alzheimers old man
jayroberts59::Sorry grandpa gees live a little. just a friendly argument. unless you're over 60 then YOU should do everthing on your bucket list and prepare to hit the dust
jayroberts59::Oh my god first you say it's not all about scoring but passing there fore the magic example. Now you say all these other thing like defense and rebounding. Of course there is more to the game than scoring. I thought you were talking about one aspect not all, so of cousre there is more to the game than just scoring. end of argument. I call it a tie.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::wrong again. for like the 300th time. this must be a recurring thing in your life.  YOU came to the erroneous conclusion that it was all about passing with my Magic example. That's on you.
jayroberts59::Ok wow stop skipping the actual point u idiot.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::the actual point before you ruined it was that basketball is NOT all about scoring. passing, defense, rebounding, court vision, playmaking, etc ALL matter.   this is like saying the sun is hot...but still escapes some people.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::Kobe hasn't won more titles that Magic. You might want to get checked out to see if you even have a brain.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::jayroberts actually thinks Jordan played for the Lakers. Can we get his account suspended?
boom.shaka::That's not as bad as comparing a guy who's played 20 games with some of the all time greats.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::no...Kyrie DID play in college. like 6 times. so there
Antsea91::Magic himself said that Kobe was the best lakers player of all-time. /discussion
the_alba_bang::You speak facts. Can't argue with that. But, Kobe was jerked out of the MVP twice (once at a minimum). Kobe in his 16th year, but he was 17 when he came out. Magic had Kareem and Worthy during those last two. Kobe had Gasol and Bynum(a hurt one at that).  Magic had more of an immediate impact on the Lakers, but Kobe's overall ability to carry an otherwise par to sub-par team to chips is commendable in its own right. I choose Kobe.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::Shaquille O'Neal.
Bitis Gabonica::People forget that Magic only played 12 years...and he still has 5 rings, 3 Finals MVP's, 3 regular season MVP's and numerous other awards. Kobe is in his 16th year and doesnt have those except the rings which he got 2 of in the last 4 years.
boom.shaka::What do you expect from children?  They rely on stats and stats will never tell how great Magic really was.  I've been a Lakers fan for a long time, and as much as I respect Kobe's game, he's not even in Magic's category.
the_alba_bang::Magic speaks the truth.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::Magic says EVERYONE is amazing. He's just a nice guy that sees the best in people. And what player would say he is better than another? No one does that.
boom.shaka::That's because Magic has class.
Kyrie Irving ROY::Who are you homosexually attracted too?
jayroberts59::only guy (Ewing) that doesn't have jordan on his list. I could see why he thought magic was better than Micheal.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::the original quetion was which Lakers are the best...so I guess you think MJ played for LA. dumb
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::you are a horrible person
the_alba_bang::To all the lames out there, If you just GOTTA troll, this is how you do it.
boom.shaka::Yep.  If you can't think of anything original, the "edit" button is your best friend.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::MAGIC Kareem Shaq Kobe West
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::Well, he IS clever. I mean, that was genius.
boom.shaka::He's just going to edit the question.....
boom.shaka::Yo momma Yo daddy Yo bald-headed granny  It's true....your dad is a f a g.
jayroberts59::So you're telling me old geezer that magic is better than micheal and kobe because he passed the ball. I guess I am dumb.
jayroberts59::so you're telling me you would rather have magic than jordan.
boom.shaka::For the Lakers of the 1980s, Magic was a better fit than Jordan....especially after they got Worthy.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::man i feel sorry for you if thats your takeaway from this.   you said basketball is all about scoring. i said its a lot more than that. you said jordan and kobe were scorers and won titles. i said magic was an example of a guy that was a playmaker and won titles.   now you flip it around and make it a magic v jordan comparison  you are either really ret.arded or just out of things to say.
the_alba_bang::True, but Kobe scored 81 points before.
sugarglyder::You don't give a bleep because I'm owning you with facts.
boom.shaka::I don't give a f-ck because 20 games means nothing.  Call me after 10 years.
sugarglyder::You admit then that Kyrie during his 20 games is matching Jordan better than Kobe?
boom.shaka::Behind Jabbar?  Easy....MJ.
the_alba_bang::This is true. People should be arguing who is the second best ever.
boom.shaka::LOL....after 20+ games.  Hilarious.
sugarglyder::I'm comparing Kyrie and Kobe to the GOAT.  It's early still, but Kyrie compares closer at this point.
jbrown2452::I was being sarcastic when Is said that..   Basically people look at the fact that he shoots 45% career fg avg and compare him to MJ's 49%... As sugarglyder is doing... but they fail to realize that they are comparing him to the GOAT. That alone speaks volumes..
the_alba_bang::Kobe's garbage? Nah dude. Far from it. Magic is definitely the man, but Kobe would get it done on both ends of the floor for me, and the dude seems to play better when he's injured. And he dropped 81.
jbrown2452::And he shot close to 50% doing it? He's garbage though...
Bitis Gabonica::Magic is better than Kobe. No doubt. The guy played center against the Celtics in the Finals in a game 7 when Kareem was out and scored 42 points. Magic could do it all.
Birdmann._.::it was against the 76ers and was game 6
boom.shaka::Magic is better than Kobe but not MJ and it's not because he passed the ball.
the_alba_bang::Nah, Magic aint better than Kobe, nor Jordan.
jbrown2452::Or..... maybe... just maybe... Basketball is about more than scoring.. Shocking I know... I'll take a moment to let that sink in...
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::its immeasurable how stupid you are. you do argue like a republican tho.
sugarglyder::Kyrie Irving &gt; Mr. Can't shoot 47% ever Kobe Bryant
the_alba_bang::Seriously dude?
sugarglyder::Phil Jackson is the Lord of the Rings, not Kobe.  Phil Jackson.  And you're seeing how much the Lakers depended on Phil vs. Kobe right now.
Birdmann._.::hes a WINNER
sugarglyder::Kyrie's a better scorer.  He's playing like he's still at Duke.  Kobe has never been an efficient scorer and everyone knows this.  He's just a volume chucker who lives off free throws.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::your parents failed you.
boom.shaka::Parents can only do so much...
Kyrie Irving ROY::Lakers are the worst team in the league.
Birdmann._.::I think the bobcats are but thanks for playing.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::"jayroberts59 The game is all about scoring ask micheal and kobe and ask how many championships they would have won if they passed the ball more."  Here's what's wrong with youth. Maybe the dumbest, most myopic comment so far today.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::"jayroberts59 R u crazy micheal and kobe have way more titles than magic u idiot. Magic also had scorers on the team like kareem so don't say the game isn't all about scoring."  Looks like I was wrong about that dumbest comment thing.
jbrown2452::LOL!! This actually makes me laugh out loud for real... I'm sure Kobe would be happy to know he had more titles than Magic.. Magic might be mad about that though..
boom.shaka::And it's only 7AM Pacific!
boom.shaka::And I thought @sugar was bonkers?
sugarglyder::It's not my fault Kyrie is scoring more efficiently than Kobe ever has.
jbrown2452::LOL!! Ask the 04 Pistons who didn't really have a true scorer.. They just played bomb defense and had a equal offense... Kids these days...
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::thats not at all what i said. you should go play in traffic
jayroberts59::this has nothing to do with defense he said having a passer is better than having a scorer on the team. that's like saying do u want jordan or magic.
Kyrie Irving ROY::Kyrie Irving put a spin move on your mom and and bent her over backwards.   True story.
boom.shaka::My mom is dead so that's kind of gross.  To each his own I suppose....
Kyrie Irving ROY::Kyrie put a spin move over her grave and she turned over.
jbrown2452::sugarglyder Kyrie compares closer to MJ than Kobe.  _________________  This statement speaks volumes of your basketball knowledge... Poor guy.. So now cuz they have similar shooting percentage in their rookie year, then Kyrie Irving compares to Jordan?
sugarglyder::The answer to both questions is:  Michael Jeffrey Jordan.
the_alba_bang::the pipe is real hot this morning
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::PER is for nerds
Birdmann._.::whats that matter how is that gong to win him anything?  He is on the cavs quit kidding yourself
sugarglyder::Ok then. Since you're too good for PER, tell me how many times during Kobe's career has he carried a 50% shooting % and a 40% 3P percentage?
sugarglyder::Trust me, you Kobe kids will NOT like the answers to both questions.
sugarglyder::You're just spouting garbage.  Scram, midget.
boom.shaka::I wish I was a Kobe kid.....I bet they have the best birthday parties.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::who's a Kobe kid? you are arguing with yourself.
boom.shaka::Well, he did bust out the PER stats, so in YOUR faces!
sugarglyder::Ok Joe average fan who doesn't know his stats:  Kobe has NEVER met either threshold.    Kyrie Irving, oth, has hit each threshold at every level he's played at.  He's a true lead dog scorer and a much better scorer than Kobe.
boom.shaka::Sorry, not a stat geek....couldn't tell you.
sugarglyder::Ok then.  Since you're too good for PER, tell me how many times during Kobe's career has he carried a 50% shooting % and a 40% 3P percentage?
jbrown2452::Again..... you're comparing a Rookie to Jordan... enough said...
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::When is the ceremony for the True Shooting % Award?
sugarglyder::Except a player can have a .590 TS% with limited minutes if he scores efficiently.  The same goes for PER if the player performs efficiently.  Your argument has no traction.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::there is no grounds for this comparison, little fella.
boom.shaka::The guy who didn't see much playing time as a rookie because he came straight out of high school and joined a team with an All-Star playing his position?
sugarglyder::Correction:  I'm comparing a ROOKIE Kobe and a ROOKIE Kyrie to a ROOKIE Jordan.  Guess who finishes last?
sugarglyder::Kyrie is currently averaging 18 ppg with a True Shooting % of .599  Who's the last rookie guard to average at least 18 points and a True Shooting % over .590?  Hint: It's not Kobe.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::you're delusional
sugarglyder::Kyrie Irving currently has the second highest rookie Player Efficiency in NBA history.  Guess who's #1?  Hint: It's not Kobe.
Birdmann._.::no one cares about PER.  PER doesn't get you ROY or HOF
sugarglyder::Kyrie Irving &gt; Kobe Bryant &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Bricky Rubio
Kyrie Irving ROY::Kyrie Irving has 9 games with 20 or more points.  Bricky Rubio has 0. ZERO.   Kyrie has scored 21 in ONE quarter. Rubio has never scored 21 in a game.
jayroberts59::The game is all about scoring ask micheal and kobe and ask how many championships they would have won if they passed the ball more.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::magic has 5 rings and 3 finals MVPs  also ask Tim Duncan.
jayroberts59::R u crazy micheal and kobe have way more titles than magic u idiot. Magic also had scorers on the team like kareem so don't say the game isn't all about scoring.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::dumb comment.  ask magic.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::Kyrie is a better player....but the game is not all about scoring. Rubio has a lot of playmaking skill.
boom.shaka::And that's the hardest part about being a Lakers fan right now.  When they were on top, we had the best trolls on the net -- fools wouldn't even step to the boards without bringing their "A" games.  The fear is gone now, so every clown who didn't have the stones to step up before thinks they can now.  Oh well....we knew it couldn't last forever  (sigh).
Lakers Fans Are Jerks::I wish Laker fans would get cancer. They have nothing good to say about the wolves.
the_alba_bang::Man, I swear some of the most dumbest people are on internet comment boards. From youtubee to espn. I always wonder what these people are like in real life?
333Broncos_Fan333::I'm a Thunder fan, but I would stick up for any team in this situatuion. You're complaining about Laker fans, but you're wishing cancer on their fans? Cancer is nothing to play around with, you need help man.
BlkMexMamba_CantWeAllJustGetAlong::Thats pretty F**ked up.. Kidding or not
boom.shaka::My dad has cancer, so I guess you got your wish.  Gratz!
jbrown2452::So...... your solution to that is that all of the Lakers fans get cancer? That's some logic right there....
CanadaLakers::i wouldn't wish cancer on anyone. not even a joke.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::KYRIE IS FILTHY  Rubio has skills but has to learn to take higher % shots.
sugarglyder::Kyrie's shooting 54% in January.  Rubio just 35%.
jayroberts59::What game are u watchin because you weren't watchin last night
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::he's not, what's your problem?
jayroberts59::So how is rubio better than kyrie.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::The celtics game and the laker game you dummy
jayroberts59::how are people even considering rubio rookie of the year 2 of 13 it's not even close to kyrie. On a bad night kyrie will get u about 15 and a good night about 30 points. rubio coulnd't even hit 20 if it smacked him in the face.
yosi24::said it once say it again  ignore the trolls
jbrown2452::Yeah... Kyrie_Iriving_ROY is a troll at it's finest...
jbrown2452::Truth to that Boom..... Heaster does come up with some good ones..   Speaking of the D-League.. I went to a game this weekend... Did you know Blake Griffin's brother plays for the Dakota Wizards?
boom.shaka::No, @Heatster is a troll at it's finest.  This guy would struggle to make the troll D-League.
Kyrie Irving ROY::I want to talk about apples.
yosi24::the east is embarrassing?
Kyrie Irving ROY::what are you guys talking about
boom.shaka::Your edited post.
boom.shaka::Hope so....I'd prefer adding a lottery pick to the late #1 they got for Odom than another early round playoff exit.  That might be nice for some teams, but in LA, if it's not the Conference Finals it's a waste of time.
Playamade7::Our record says different.
sugarglyder::Commissioner Dan Gilbert is public enemy #1 of Lakers fans everywhere.  A) He nixed the Paul trade B) He forced the Lakers to give up Odom for nothing C) He gave the Lakers Mike Brown
boom.shaka::Looks like Cleopatra ain't the only Queen of de-Nile  How's the weather in your own little world?
sugarglyder::Technically speaking, Dan Gilbert ruined the 2011-2012 Los Angeles Lakers.
boom.shaka::bonked for "nitwit"?  OK.....Odom demanded a trade dude.
sugarglyder::That's not the point though. The point is Dan Gilbert's power play on the Lakers is what forced Odom to the Mavs.  Odom's hissy fit was just icing on the cake.
boom.shaka::Good point -- you shouldn't make deals that land you All-Stars and save millions off the cap if they upset your flakey 6th man.
sugarglyder::You're not very bright.  Odom only demanded a trade after his name came up as part of the Paul trade that DAN GILBERT nixed.  Then Mitch caved into Odom's demands and traded him to the champs and got zilch in return.
boom.shaka::Odom demanded a trade you nitwit.
sugarglyder::Odom learned that he was part of the Paul trade, but when DAN GILBERT nixed the trade, Odom "demanded a trade you nitwit".
Playamade7::Bryant for MVP.
sugarglyder::Kyrie compares closer to MJ than Kobe.
sugarglyder::Hint:  It's not Kobe.
sugarglyder::Michael Jordan 28.2 ppg .592 TS%  Kyrie's the only rookie guard since who qualifies:  Kyrie Irving 18 ppg .599 TS%
sugarglyder::Who's the last rookie guard to average at least 18 points and a True Shooting % over .590?
Allen6338::sugarglyder how many championships has Kyrie have and how much is he paying you for posting this nonsense:(
Allen6338::Hey fellows let not get off track answering this nut he does not know anything about basketball that is why he posted this nonsense maybe it is a woman:) I know one thing being stupid is a life long job for some people!
sugarglyder::Kyrie Irving is currently hitting game winners and shooting 52%.  Kobe's had since the mid 90's to work on his shot and he's never even sniffed 47%.  Ever.
Allen6338::You are a jack a s s idiot how can you put Kyrie and Kobe in the same sentence. It is alright to hate on Kobe but do not i MEAN DO NOT POST NONSENSE ARE YOU A BOY:(
sugarglyder::Kyrie Irving is what Kobe was supposed to be.  An elite scorer who doesn't chuck up bricks every game.
sugarglyder::Let's see Kobe shoot above 50% from the floor or 40% from 3.
boom.shaka::He did it once?  In that case, dust off his spot in the HOF.
jayroberts59::he did that last night against boston game winner with about 4 seconds left.
boom.shaka::Let's see Irving do it facing a double team every night or with the ball dumped into his hands with 4 seconds left on the shot clock.
BlkMexMamba_CantWeAllJustGetAlong::Good for him... but playing behind Drose and The heat in the East... Irving will never see a finals floor.. unless he's watching it on tv
jbrown2452::LOL!! What?! Kyrie Irving still has his diapers on in the L.. You don't compare children to grown men on the court...
eightbitme::Goudelock!  :-)
boom.shaka::Ugly wins still count.....we'll take it I guess.
mark35345::It could be worse we could be the Knicks or the Celtics
mark35345::This is why the Lakers just aren't cut out for playoff b-ball. Gasol and Bynum can do it every other game - or every other quarter but....they can't do it for an entire game or series (like Kobe can). This is an 8th seed or maybe a 6th at best. Gaosl and Bynum played like garbage against the midget Bucks and barely got it done against the T-wolves.
Playamade7::Lol can someone please tell me y Bryant was able to outrebound the entire team, more than Bynum and Gasol combined?  Man can we make a trade happen I'm tired of seeing these guys underperforming
Kyrie Irving ROY::Hey can you talk about how that is your profile when you get suspended and how you happen to like your pic and how I sound like a hater?
Playamade7::lol this my profile when I get suspended, and I happen to like this pic.....sound like a hater to me.
Kyrie Irving ROY::The Clippers look way better than the Lakers. Deal with it Laker fans.
boom.shaka::LMFAO@the Clippers -- we hear this every few years...enjoy it while it lasts.
sugarglyder::The Lakers would be better had Commissioner Dan Gilbert allowed the Chris Paul trade to go through.
sugarglyder::Don't forget Dan Gilbert forcing the Lakers to trade Odom for nothing after nixing the Paul trade.
yosi24::the joke is on the clippers  wont ever catch us in championships and had to have a trade vetoed to beat us in free agency
BlkMexMamba_CantWeAllJustGetAlong::Clippers. exit early in the playoffs.
