KandiBabe31991::relax, folks this is game 4 of 82.  While the Heat are starting a bit slow, they haven't played bad basketball (nor have they played great basketball).  They've been average in this very young season and every team that they play (starting off) will them their full attention as everybody wants to beat the champs.  I've seen  consistent play from Bosh in this young season and once they've all knocked off the rust, they'll kick it into another gear.  The Heat beat Chicago, they should have beat Brooklyn, so as far as I am concern I have not seen a team yet that has made me doubt the Heat chances at 3peating.
James E::I bet Oden and Beasley give each other manicures while they sit on the bench.
John M::I believe the Washington Wizards owner should fire everyone involved in building this rotten team. This team operates like they are poor or broke and can't afford real players. Every bigtime free agent that becomes available the team never bids on their services. There does not seem to be any real intent to improve the team. They are not worth watching.
Saturn::Another un-MVP performance for James. Is he ever great? Seems more like the most valuable role player to me. Kevin Love is finally giving the nba a straight up boss like we had in the 80's and 90's. Young fans today have no clue what a beast really is, or what one looks like.
I State Facts And You Get Mad::I think Spo got the memo to take Battier out of the game and put Lewis in... But in the second half like the previous 2 games, he played Battier more mins than Lewis in the second half, will he do it again, that remains to be seen...
Roi BENson::j.wall seems to be overrated basketball world expecting him to lead his team and it ain't happening
Ronald::Bosh played great tonight. I think it would better to put in Beasley in the starting line up instead of Mason or Jones if Wade won't play in those back to back games.
I State Facts And You Get Mad::Battier could go 0 - 30 and Spo would still play him over Beasley or Lewis...
Tony::When they going to use Greg ODen I want to see him play
Godzillaman999::Let's go Heat!
