FIUFan34::When is the 4th quarter going to start?
barron8305::im pretty sure weve seen similar scores this year in college football
barron8305::What a waste of an ESPN slot by the hornets.
MirBay_Watson::Here the thing: if the Sixers are going to make any REAL noise in this conference, they've GOT to assert themselves more in the paint. Just like last year, EVERYONE on the roster - spots 1-12 - has turned into a jump shooter. That's not going to draw many fouls, and on cold shooting nights (like this), the D won't hold up. This is why they were so absymal to watch on ESPN last year. They'd have stretches where they would literally go 2-17 as a team shooting, and not one shot was within 10 feet.   Doug Collins has GOT to change that. I'm glad Thad as somewhat added it to his game, but Lavoy Allen also needs to incorporate that. They all can't wait for Bynum to do all of the inside scoring whenever he decides to show up.
Utley20::Only 5 free throw attempts?  And, you only made 3 of them?  That's not how you're going to win in this league.
bcumm69::Evan,Thad and Jrue need to get to the basket more all are quick enough.
PhillyDan01::And Nick Young could quit jacking 3's, that might help
PhillyDan01::3 of those 5 free throws by the point guard.  Sheesh....
rcthrillers1969::Started betting with a system called Sportsbettingstar now for a couple of months. I found this online on the first page of google by searching the words sports betting system. Since I started I have made around $3,000 a month just following it. It is by far the best system I have ever tried in many years of betting
Sterling8673::Philadelphia High 77 New Orleans High 62  Winner advances to sectionals next Saturday at Tulane.
Sterling8673::Anthony Davis is a poor man's Tim Duncan. Austin Rivers is a poor man's Pookie Chapman.
Sterling8673::I have seen better chms than the New Orleans Hornets.  Fans actually paid NBA prices to see that junk they put on the court.  UNREAL!  Master P can start for this team high on weed.
Sterling8673::Why is there a NBA team in New Orleans.  This is the worse city to have a NBA team in.  Why do you think the Jazz are in Utah?
barron8305::Who dat?
Sterling8673::I can tell you right now, without Austin Rivers' 6 points and 3 assists as their all star point guard, the Hornets have no chance at winning.
ambelgra::Omg, the starting 5 for NO is chock full of who, what, when, where, and why....
ambelgra::62 points at home.....Where do I begin?
Chis Broussards source::62 POINTS Is that an all time low?
Milk Was A Bad Choice7::This might have been one of the worst NBA games I've seen http://milkwasabadchoice.weebly.com.
Milk Was A Bad Choice7::When is The Brow supposed to be back in the line-up?
RowdyRaider5::New Orleans 2nd unit couldn't win my church league
K0LLEGE::Nice to see at least one Philly team win in New Orleans this week.  Of course, pass interference isn't a penalty in the NBA so the refs didn't have the ability to take 7 points away from Philly &amp; give 7 points to New Orleans, like they did for the Saints when #53 (Humber) clearly held Celek's left arm on that goal-line pass, leading to a tipped ball and a 99 yard pick-6 that really should've been 1st-and-goal from the 1 for Philly.
barron8305::who dat?
CGraceIII::Tough game without Davis and Rivers but nice to see Aminu continuing to emerge as a viable player.
phils win phils win::Nick Young needs to stop shooting...
salemram15::Nick takes some bad shots, but he can catch fire at any given time. It's a double edged sword.
CGraceIII::I don't think you can consistently win with him. He takes too many bad shots.
CandySparker::I like Philly Holiday.
mrdude4290::62 points? lol
rrt5029::Lol at this score
Kobelies247::NBA tv ripping on the 76ers yet they just beat NO! HAHAHA
salemram15::Not to mention we're missing 2 starters, one being the focal point on both ends of the floor
always next year eagle fans::5 free throws?  has to be close to record for fewest in games
Treydey10::The Wizards only shot 7 free throws tonight and the game went into overtime lol.
imissibanez::wish 76 could have got kidd, would ve  taught dru a lot.
potato623::When we drafted Jrue I envisoned him as a Gary Payton/Kidd type player, not that good or even close, but similar game. Would of been nice to bring him in though.
THE TEEGEMAN::21 second half points...PATHETIC!
phiteinphils::25 maybe?
THE TEEGEMAN::Hornets should be ASHAMED at how they played...wow, how embarrasing!
CGraceIII::Youngest team in the league missing its two best players, relax.
Verin15::Yea, and the sixers should be ecstatic about their performance.
potato623::Fact: 76ers have never lost with their blue uniforms on
Jpw5673::I want a Holiday jersey or maybe Bynum can't decide..
phiteinphils::Yeah, still not thrilled with them but I'm sure they'll grow on me eventually.
potato623::Personally, I thought they should of went to the Soul Swingman Blue uni's like the Dr J jersey, but these are awesome. Would be nice to see them wear some throwbacks this year, it's our 50th year.
potato623::By the way, thoughts on those jerseys?  I think they are sick, I'm gonna buy a Holiday one.
SNU1969::Loved them.
FlyGuys623::yeh they are nice
krewe24::Boston is just going to crush the Sixers.
FlyGuys623::we always play the celtics well
potato623::If you're going off that, then you are nuts haha. C's have been just downright terrible. 6ers, not much better but they have played tougher talent thus far.
krewe24::Ya that is true. I'm just going on what I have seen so far this season.
potato623::If we perform like this, probably.  But Boston has been awful, it should be a terrible game to watch!
Kat Nation::BYE LOSERS LOL!! ps u mad?
phiteinphils::Furious
phiteinphils::nLOL
Kat Nation::LOL
phiteinphils::When?
Kat Nation::im telling dont mess with me at least u learned ur lesson
LAxxLAxxLAxx::BOBCATS SCORED 110 HORNETS 62  LOL
phiteinphils::And they both lost, so what does it matter?
krewe24::They have shooters
Kat Nation::Cant handle me LOL
Alexflaknicksfan319::twice in a row
Alexflaknicksfan319::flyguy623 didn't see you on the other night, when the knicks whooped your sixers
FlyGuys623::you give minny fans a bad name, and thats saying something
phiteinphils::LOL LOL LOL
Sh4k4zulu::sixers shot 5 free throws lmao o god
FlyGuys623::thats a good night
Kat Nation::u scrubs aint worth my time fo real
phiteinphils::Buh bye
krewe24::then GTFO
FlyGuys623::good. gtfo
FlyGuys623::jalen is drooling over blake griffin
phiteinphils::Great win for the Sixers.  Total domination in the 2nd half.
phiteinphils::Uh....  they just beat the Hornets, who happened to beat the Bulls by 7.
potato623::It was really more of a them just being more pathetic then us type of win
potato623::Yep haha, any time you can hold a team to 61 you take it, although I would of been more happy if we were in the 90's rather then 77
SNU1969::I'll take it.
potato623::Great haha? Wouldn't use that word here haha
krewe24::Eric Gordon isn't even in New Orleans or with the team. He is in Los Angeles. Man I f*cking hate that guy.
FlyGuys623::bill simmons, i bet the celtics played a great game. beating the wizards in ot
Sh4k4zulu::ooo thad young also got double double
Objective sports observer::Perform like kindergarteners expect to lose.
Sh4k4zulu::only 1 TO for sixers in 2nd half - that was difference
potato623::Jrue had the tripple double!! 14 pts, 12 ast, 10 turnovers
meats29::says he only had 7 turnovers on yahoo
potato623::Thought he had 9? I was just poking fun at him anyway for his poor performance.
meats29::only probably wasn't the right word
FlyGuys623::jeremy lin status
potato623::I'm really liking Jrue's game so far, awful game tonight with the turnovers but he really is looking Rondo esque, except he is hitting his jumpers at will.  Can't wait to see him with Bynum
firereidcutvick::hey well see you guys again in the finals
Minnysota Vikings::What an awful game
krewe24::Go watch the Lynx play $@%-clown
FlyGuys623::was the minny game any better lol?
Kat Nation::i told you last i dont want any trouble but if you wanna take it to that level then try me
FlyGuys623::u mad cat?
Kat Nation::hey i got an idea SHUT UP
Kat Nation::you can say that again
krewe24::Just awful BUT Davis and Rivers will be back Friday for the Bobcats. GG Philly
meats29::This must have been a great game to go to in person. So much excitement
bluedevils1148::A win's a win. I;m happy for the win. Who cares how pretty it is?
atlphillip::Thank you its over
FlyGuys623::oh thats it. we didnt have kwame. it all makes sense now
Kat Nation::you again huh
Kat Nation::i told you i was tired and everyone was just confused because of the whole election thing
FlyGuys623::you sure as hell didnt yesterday
Kat Nation::i run these boards
FlyGuys623::this aint yo board cat
Objective sports observer::Anthony Davis wouldn't have helped tonight. Defense wasn't the Hornets problem.
Sh4k4zulu::good defense tends to lead to fastbreaks = more offense
