Spurs Iz Da Truff::spurs_spunk_on_u is a genius
Spurs Iz Da Truff::slam_dunk_on_u - Another game that the pathetic spurts should have lost but their good fortune is about to end the hornets of all teams will kick this horrendous team s a$$...  Then the Mavs on Friday....enjoy that little 5-game win streak because you are losing two in a row after tonight.....   LOL
WeAreTheMenInBlack::No panic at all for the Spurs last night.  They just got it done.  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
juansamuel22::I was at the game.  Why in the heck was Royal Ivey in the game up by 5 with the ball?  That in bounds throw was absurd and totally changed the game around.  Nick Young was playing well.   Made no sense.
hookemzuniga1022::slam_dunk_on_u. Put some guacamole on my tacos son  Code for   Put some Spunk on my Face Son
ThoseWhoStayWillBeChampions1982::I started following this system called  SportsBettingStar a couple months ago.  Ive made about 3k per month since I started.  I was looking for a handicapper one day, and just google searched for Sports Betting Systems.  It happened to be right there on the first page.
AeppsHT::Uh error in this article. This is not Tim Duncan's 5th double double of the season. This is his 20th double double. Please correct thanks! http://espn.go.com/nba/statistics/player/_/stat/double-doubles
WeAreTheMenInBlack::I wonder if they meant it was his 5th 20-10 game?
Fraka9::Im a celtics fan, and I always loved KG more than TD. But are you kidding me? you cant compare them  Timmy is GOAT PF by far.   And one more thing. Duncan never said   that KG told him that crap on mother's day. KG may talk trash but he isnt a bad person. Especially off the court
mkwan0::Ugly win.  Spurs have a bad habit of not executing after they get a good lead.  Glad they gritted it out, but this should not have been close.  Kawhi showed a little more burst than I expected on the steal in the third.
Scott82342::Sometimes ugly wins are the best kind.  You can bet that Pop will have something to say at the next practice.
mkwan0::no doubt.  It is still middle of the season, you do not want to peak too early.  Bad wins today result in fine tuning for tomorrow
Ivanov21::I agree, the Spurs are winning games right now they could easily lose. If they can get their stuff together and not allow big leads to vanish they will be even harder to beat.
ThunderHornz::Rollin, Rollin, Rollin. Those Spurs just keep on Rollin! Left some rawhide in Philly! Well done Spurs!
Eddo89::Came in to ask.... fifth double double for Duncan? Who is fact checking, but this was like his 20th of the season. That or they meant something else completely.
Ivanov21::thought the same thing, it actually was his 20th double double of the year. maybe it was his 5th 20-10 game of the year??
Ivanov21::checked that as well, he has at least 7 20-10 games on the road so far this season. can't find the split stats of the home games though
Ivanov21::T I M   D U N C A N !!!! I 'm sure he's hiding some secrets about time-travelling !!!!
Sugar Ray Robinson::OKC will win the West. I think their youth will allow them to outlast SA, and they are a better franchise than the  Clippers.   Plus, when you have a Kevin Durant amidst an unprecedented season you have a great shot at obtaining that #1 seed.
CubanSucksRiverWater::Whenever you have the refs awarding FTs by the ton like they do OKC, you have a great chance to win.
BexyIndy55::Cool story bro.
mkwan0::That is one possible scenario.  The other possible scenario is that youth also historically results in uneven play, and that the Clippers and OKC will hit some dry spells, while the Spurs keep trucking along as they have in years past.  Another scenario is that the Thunder drop a few games when the schedule (so far significantly easier than the Spurs) catches up with them.    Right now, the west is probably a 3 way toss up.
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.1::Goodnight Spurs fans....and Goooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!! Spurs!!!!! Goooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.1::And yet haters say the Spurs are old and washed up...look where they're at...that's right the top of their division! O yea!
StephenHawking4Heisman::Honestly, I would say the Western Conference is in a dead-locked 3 way tie, with the Clippers, Thunder, and Spurs. My guess is that all 3 of these teams will continue winning and finish within 7 games of each other by the end of the season. In what order? who knows...    Should be a great season!!!!!
6in6::Spurs finish the season after the Rodeo Road Trip (when they typically  win most of the trip's games ) with 7 road and 17 home game schedule. So far they have only lost 2 home games, best in the NBA.  The schedule will be the difference maker, making their chances for the #1 seed very good.
No-account drifter::Spurs have had the toughest schedule of the three so far. Since that will even out by the end, I see them having a fine chance to be #1 seed again, and again without really doing anything extra to get there. I'd much rather have LAC and OKC play each other than have to beat both to get to the finals.
mkwan0::Pretty important to get the #1 seed, though I am not sure that Memphis is that great of a consolation prize.  they are pretty dang tough too.  Any way the Spurs can get the Bulls, Pacers, Knicks, Nets, or Celts in the second round?
Ivanov21::I 'm not worried about the Spurs not making the #1 spot this year. Pop won't be too worried about that either, that seed brought bad luck the last 2 seasons. Also, in case Dallas or LA (lol) still get a grab on that #8 spot (which means they would have gotten on some kind of a roll), I don't wanna meet them in round 1.
MijoMartinez::I'd agree but recently, seems like the offense goes stagnant when one of the big 3 is not on the court.
MijoMartinez::I see the Thunder getting the 1 seed and the Clips and Spurs fighting over 2nd with some sort of tiebreaker being involved.
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.1::I still say the Spurs can still contend for the top spot
HOUSTON12372::watch out for denver, they could surprise people
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.1::How about them fakers slam dumbo ears?
MijoMartinez::Anyone catch that Chicago game? They should fine those guys, beating up on that poor junior college team like a red-headed step child.
hookemzuniga1022::I think Guac on my Taco is code for "Spunk on my Face"
MijoMartinez::I think I hurt its feelings.
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.1::You have to excuse him...he ain't all there...must of ran out of estrogen pills.
slam_dunk_on_u::Put some guacamole on my tacos son
slam_dunk_on_u::Put some guacamole on my tacos son
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.1::Get a surgeon on those dumbo ears...is what you need to do son!
slam_dunk_on_u::Another game that the pathetic spurts should have lost but their good fortune is about to end the hornets of all teams will kick this horrendous team s a$$...  Then the Mavs on Friday....enjoy that little 5-game win streak because you are losing two in a row after tonight.....
hookemzuniga1022::Lakers couldnt beat Duke right now
VolkieG::Dude, what's your obsession with the Spurs anyway? Did your girlfriend/boyfriend leave you for someone from San Antonio? Do you even have a favorite NBA team? If so, why don't you run along and support them instead of trolling on other teams' boards?
6in6::This slam-dunk-on-u  DB shows up every time the Spurs play. What a miserable way to spend your life, creating crappy put-downs about the Spurs and their fans and just oozing bitterness. Move on, life's too short to be lived drowning in your hostility toward San Antonio or the Spurs. Of course he probably has accounts for (against) every team, not just the "spurts". Must be tiring logging in and out all the time.  Sad really, just grow up or get some professional help.
Ivanov21::he's a Lakers fan -.- ... no, I'm not kidding, he really is !!! and still talking smack
Nerissa2525::I dont know you keep saying their pathetic so what do you call the Lakers then? just saying
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.1::There's dumbo ears^^^^^....WRONG AGAIN IDIOT! How's Mcdonalds treating ?
slam_dunk_on_u::Another game that the pathetic spurts should have lost but their good fortune is about to end the hornets of all teams will kick this horrendous team s a$$....  Then the Mavs on Friday....enjoy that little 5-game win streak because you are losing two in a row after tonight.....
Ivanov21::Hey, you again !! you really must be missing the Ws of your Lakers! Love how you type in the same $@%! every time the Spurs get a win and Lakers lose lol. you made my day already, thanks ! PS: dont you feel stupid AT ALL?!
Nerissa2525::Wow lets see!
Scott82342::Are you banking on that?
64801Mike::Been following this bet system called Sportsbettingstar. I doulbed my initial balance my first month and made almost $3000 my 2nd month just following its bets. You can find the system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems.  I have bet on sports for years and this is one of the better systems I have tried.
bluekaze21::"We called a couple of things down the stretch that Tony and Timmy have been running for over a decade now," coach Gregg Popovich said. "The balls, they went in. "  lmao pop
manimarf09::Pop and Aldridge kind of made up in their drama free interview at the beginning of the second quarter. Kind of a touching moment. Pop was all serious this time.
daboafadem::Tiago looking very solid in recent weeks.  S-Jax....... not so much.  Need him to get out of his funk while Ginobili recovers.  Going 5/24 might be okay for Kobe, but not for Captain Jack over 4 games.
Ivanov21::at least he's not shooting 5/24 in a single game ;)
erin2525::Kobe and dwight all stars??? seriously you guys rewarding Kobe's selfishness and Dwight's dumbness
Goldengun3865::In the opener against the Spurs, he was making some decent post moves.  But now, Dwight looks absolutely dreadful out there.  I think he's mentally checked out of this season, tbh.
HOUSTON12372::duncan over kobe
daboafadem::Best exchange on the board tonight:  slam_dunk_on_u:  "The Sixers are ready to take on the pathetic asterisk-mermaids from sham anphonio.....   This won't be a close game as the Sixers will break it open in the second half and leave their horrid opponents in the dust.  Philly wins by double digits...  BOOK IT!!"  Hondo Kid:  "Philly by double digits?  Man you are nuts."  slam_dunk_on_u:  "Yes by double digits buddy"  Hilarity at its finest!
No-account drifter::Seems kind of obvious that all he's after is riling up the board. If he really cared what anyone thought, he'd have died of shame by now.
daboafadem::slam_dunk is just butt hurt that his Fakers are 0-2 against the Spurs this year.  So he goes on every Spurs game hoping and praying that some other team will do what his could not in two tries this year.  Typical Faker fan - Lives vicariously through the success of other teams the instant his own begins to fail.
GoSeattleSanAntonioSports::Sham Anphonio? That is a horrible play on words. Reaching if I have ever seen.
daboafadem::It's a good luck charm for the Spurs when he says "book it"
texican_10::I luv how he always says "book it" and hes always wrong lol
GoSeattleSanAntonioSports::I know this would not happen but would you pull the trigger on this trade? Tiago Splitter &amp; Blair for Gasol &amp; Sacre? Do you think that is a fair trade? I think Splitter's upside is equal to or better than Gasol's best. I also think Splitter could be a flop. So it's a gamble.
Vaquero In The House::Appears you guys don't follow the Spurs that close because even if a trade was possible not every player can play for San Antonio or is a good fit for the team &amp; Gasol is not a good fit, besides Tiago Splitter is coming into his own &amp; I'm sure the Spur's franchise would not consider trading him away.  Splitter &amp; Manu Ginobili work very well together coming off the bench &amp; now with the recent injury to Manu, Tony Parker has taken it upon himself to find Splitter on the fast break or under the basket.
GoSeattleSanAntonioSports::To say Gasol is not a good fit is ridiculous. Pop likes European-style bigs. Gasol is the epitome of that. A big who can defend as well as shoot the jumper. To say the Spurs would no entertain it would be crazy. Ultimately, would they decide against it? Most likely. But to say they would brush it off and insult our intelligence show your lack of Spurs knowledge.
GoSeattleSanAntonioSports::Pop loves Jack but I think he is very dispensable. Other than his attitude and his effort on defense, he has not been great for us.
GoSeattleSanAntonioSports::Definitely, he is an upgrade from Jefferson(which isn't saying much) because of his defensive effort but not much more.
Goldengun3865::Nowadays, Jacko cares more about rapping than basketball.
texican_10::Any big trade would have to include Jax because of his $10 million contract
Goldengun3865::Personally, I think that once Gasol's ridiculous contract is up in 2014, I could see the Spurs making an offer for him.    It would be a good fit.  Gasol is going to want a no drama, professional team where he's treated with respect.
Goldengun3865::Lakers would want shooters.  Maybe something like Bonner, Jacko, Neal for Gasol.
GoSeattleSanAntonioSports::Wow a team with Timmy, Gasol and Tiago. I would book my finals tickets now but that is just wishful thinking.
Goldengun3865::The Spurs generally don't like to make such a dramatic change mid season and I doubt even further that the Spurs would give the Lakers the shooters that they desperately need.    Still, I'd love to have Gasol, Timmy and Tiago on the same team.
GoSeattleSanAntonioSports::That might be a better trade financially. I think Jacko other than his effort on defense is very dispensable. His shooting has been pretty bad for the most part this season.
texican_10::splitter and blairs contracts don't even equal to half of what gasols making so that trade wouldn't work, but if that was possible id be up for it especially with Baynes coming
GoSeattleSanAntonioSports::You are right. I thought it was a fair trade when not looking at the contracts. Lakers would get potential and have money in the bank. That is definitely not a good trade financially for us. Sorry for the proposal. I was thinking about winning now while we have Tim and our probably is bigs.
GoSeattleSanAntonioSports::Negative. I do not think a Lakers fan would have the foresight to consider this simply because Lakers want stars now and not players who will make the team better.
Jumeax::you have sanantonio in your name but you sound like a stupid lakers fan
15knick15::Kobe Bryant's 2K13 Xbox controller:     A: Shoot   B: Shoot   Y: Shoot   X: Shoot   RB: Turnover   LB: Call for pass   A + LT: Fire Coach  B + RT: Blame teammate
15knick15::Kobe Bryant's 2K13 Xbox controller:     A: Shoot   B: Shoot   Y: Shoot   X: Shoot   RB: Turnover   LB: Call for pass   A + LT: Fire Coach  B + RT: Blame teammate
texican_10::What a great day, Griz Clips and Lakers all lose! GSG!!!!!
Nerissa2525::I know good day for the Spurs
bdgrey::Who wrote this and where do they get their information? Duncan has 4 times as many double doubles. It's his 4th this month. Seriously. Take some pride in your job. This is journalism. Someone's gonna read that and assume that the information is correct when it isn't.
Diamondbaks-Suns-Sun Devils-Cardinals::As many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After the tragedy of 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
BigTex342006::What a dweeb.   What was the excuse in the 3 losses by the Suns when they had amare?     Hell, even the 5th game they lost they had an 8 pt lead with 5 minutes left in the game.  What did they do?   Go 1-12 with 3 turnovers....       I guess Amare made them do that.     Spurs proved over and over that they were the better team during Phoenix's best years with Nash and company.   Get over it already...
BexyIndy55::Go cry to Stern about the rules.  The Spurs don't make 'em.
Vaquero In The House::This fking albino is as bad as the Licker fan Dumbo.  For your information your mother sucks too but you don't see the neighbors posting any negative crap about her do you?
bowen649::you should have told steve nash not to flop on that foul.... Big shot rob aint scared
whoseyourdaddy60::SUCKS TO SUCK LOSER
erin2525::HAhaha is auto post your stupidity is hilarious
daboafadem::Durp.  Butters, go home.
Goldengun3865::Copy and pasting the same lame message after every Spurs game.  You're a dork.  Get a life.
Rudy_rush20::Just another day at the office. GO SPURS GO!!!!!!
Lennay.Kekua::"duncan with his 5th double double". what? he's got 19. pull your head outta your a.ss, BSPN
bdgrey::Pretty sure he's got 20
Rudy_rush20::Lmao hahaha they suck
No-account drifter::Listening to the Bulls game, wondering idly - ever notice that Howard never fouls out any more now that he's a Laker? Must be the good coaching.
RZA_CONSOLE::wtf bynum??   eat your wheaties son....GTF out there!!
BexyIndy55::I don't even know what Blake Griffin's numbers are like this season thus far...but it just flat out feels weird to have him over Duncan in the ASG after watching the young kid get taken to school by Timmy in a 4 game sweep last year.
Scott82342::We may not be a big following but we are the most loyal, at least in my opinion. I still remember going to see the Spurs play at the HemisFair Arena. That was a fun place to be a fan.
VolkieG::Agree with Scott. People are all about flash nowadays. It's the reason the Spurs frankly don't have a big following outside of San Antonio, despite the fact that coming into this year, they've had 15 consecutive winning seasons (their WORST record in that time being 50-32), and winning seasons in 22 of the last 23 years. This year will make 16 straight, and 23 of the last 24.   You don't see a lot of flash, a lot of dunks, or anything like that, just good smart teamwork and a get-it-done mentality. Even the Lakers, with all their rings, have 'only' had winning seasons in 20 of their last 23 years.
darealtexasboi::Duncan gonna be in the ASG though
Scott82342::Its because Blake is more of a flashy player then Timmy. Don't get me wrong, Timmy playes they way I want my kids to, but Blake is fun to watch.
bluekaze21::24-17-5. Damn. Anyway  I for one dont care if duncan doesnt get voted to the asg. Ask any real fan, and the coaches and the players, that dont fall for the "highlight reel popularity trick" and they'll tell you : Timmy is the most succesful player in the post jordan era. And one of the humblest players to ever play. Will be sad once he retires and 90% of the league is full of pampered me-first athletes
mksatx::another double-double for splitter.    next to duncan and his 24- 17.  man if the spurs bench had made a few shots... the sixers wouldnt have been so close
erin2525::Tiago improves a lot this year
texican_10::Timmy is the Messiah
RobShort21::idk bout all that lol
BGSSGB::I love it though!!
Shawn1807::I think he may be on to something.
bluekaze21::I must say tim duncan is still top 1-2 in the PF position for me. Today. In the C position too. Certainly better than pansy dwight howard
erin2525::cause dwight is dumb good thing He's big physically
TDRwolff::Duncan out of the game.....sixers go on a 22-4 run.   No one on the spurs bench can score.... duncan comes back in.....15-3 run
TWex2120::Royal Ivey sounds like something dirty Slam_Dunk_On_U does for Kobe every night.
potato623::Cool name....worst player in basketball history
mksatx::sounds like cheap gin
RobShort21::at least we can all laugh at the lakers
TDRwolff::Who?????     you mean the scrub team from LA....who cares.
TDRwolff::Spurs have had a serious problem STILL on offense when duncan and Ginobilli are not on the floor this season.
mksatx::pretty much.  they miss the action manu creates when he drives to the hoop
picaac15::Lakers are 17-23, thinking about firing Coach, trading everyone, blowing up team Celtics are 20-20, want to blow up team Grizzlies are way above .500, want to trade best player  Sixers are 17-24, no one cares
potato623::Haha, nobody cares about the 6ers here because we got a mediocre team. Kind of like the Phillies in the early 2000's :(  We want to get behind this team(look at the Bynum press conference 1100 people showed up) but they let us down every time
mksatx::bulls 24 fakers 18
FrankPisFACTio211::These ref$ in the Bulls Laker$ game are HORRIBLE.
texican_10::slam is late today, I don't even hate him anymore hes just entertaining like the lakers lol
mksatx::since he bet the house and lost his dog is mad
Vaquero In The House::What do you mean he lost the house?  Dumbo still lives with mama &amp; she bit.ch slaps him every chance see gets.  You really think the poor child was not born with those big Dumbo looking ears?
