boiler swag::so is jajuan johnson for the celtics doing ok it seems like he isnt getting any playing time so im thinking he must be struggling and did etwaun get demoted to D-league?
Bosstown Baller::The Tics will be in 1st place by next week
KingchristopherII::i hope so but i think allen will be traded
Bosstown Baller::Trade is gonna come
dflo4343::Celts won't trade pierce because he's been there all his career. what do you people think?
34BigDaddyO::I don't think so either. Or I should say I hope not.
jbarnes1621::Come on C's, get Kaman before the deadline!!!
BrickSquad34::expiring contracts
Qster15::problem there is...C's only trade asset is Rondo.  the rest of the team is either old or injury prone
Dwayne_Johnson23::C's!
Qster15::Celts are done....they did nothing to upgrade their geriatric lineup this year and are horrible on the road.  back to the middle of the pack they go....along with the Lakers.
Qster15::What's there to hate??? its FACT. Winning teams do not have a losing road record or lose a bunch to mediocre teams.  Celts are old and their window of opportunity is over
thebibcash::Haters gon hate
kozanski2000::Warriors should just sit Bogut for the season to make sure he is 100% for next season. The guy is one of the best defensive players in the NBA, one of the best shot blockers, and one of the best low-post passers. If his arm is better then he can also add 15-16 points a game. GS need to tank the season, and add a high draft pick to Curry and Bogut and they will be on their way.
WarriorsGO::Wow they don't plan on trading Jackson. Smh
bksk07::When I saw Nate's stat line I couldn't help but think good for him   Still don't know why the C's had to get rid of him, so much energy off the bench, was fine coming off the bench....bah
brunick1::Celts better not trade pierce this team still has one last run in em!
oreed born again sox4life::should have never trade perk last year
meats29::Paul Pierce to Portland rumors are swirling.
richardcnh::Celtics should trade for Daniel Orton cause' I he isn't being used and I remember him being drafted high.
bruins1109::he sux
oreed born again sox4life::the way Brandon Bass is playing celtics have a shot in the playoffs..celtics just need 1 more big man
cuckercrazy::howard asking for nash if he's gonna stay... could be lethal.. rest of the league better watch out for orlando http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
Superstring1::Just read a book that highlights the connetction between "The Wizard of Oz"  and the elite banksters that control the world. Fascinating.   "Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain"  " Oz = abbreviation for what?"  " Follow the 'yellow brick road''   " Wicked Witch putting everyone to sleep using Poppies" ??  haha  Huge political allegory. Totally off topic...but anyways.
Strong Troll Orthenthald::Did Bosh's family have starring roles in Jurassic Park?
YodaSucks::Toronto was such a good fit for him
RaidersCelticsRedsox::wow..believe it or not out of all the teams in the nba the celtics are 2nd only to the bulls in the last 10 games...bulls 9-1 ..celts 8-2....everyone else lookin up....2 hottest teams in the league right now as far as wins go...and thats what matters..winning...its cool tho..i like that we are under the radar this year
RaidersCelticsRedsox::im not saying they're doin it pretty...theyve always played down to their competition...then they also play up to teams like the heat or bulls and play better than normal...as long as they win its all good tho..and i know they aint contenders....i just want them to put up a good fight in the playoffs
naes666::kinda interesting that they played a close game to the Warriors bench. might need some help at the trade deadline?
Jdzspace::not always, just the last 2 years. we used to run rickshaw through Cali.. .  .owell
Superstring1::Boston has always done poorly on West Coast trips. Wins is the most important thing.
oreed born again sox4life::Nate sure takes dumb shots
naes666::Warriors are playing loose since the Monta trade, they got nothing to lose and the pressure is off. They can tank and it's no big deal or play their best and see what happens, West says Bogut might play some games towards the end of the season, would be good to see what we have.
naes666::they might as well sit Curry too, seriously.
flyhighwarriors::I agree.  Rest Curry and Bogut until they are both 100% healthy.  Maybe the Dubs will even retain their lottery pick.
WarriorsGO::I would sit him until bogut returns. Wether that's this season or not.
WarriorsGO::He's expected back early April, but Warriors might just sit him the rest of the year. I would like to see him also but would understand if they sit hin
richardcnh::celtics need to waive the injured and sign some bodies
YodaSucks::GG Warrior's, really had some fight tonight despite being curry and Ellis-less. Hopefully Boston will continue to win on this long road trip. Gn
WarriorsWarrior::gn warriors
WarriorsGO::Klay has no emotion in his interviews lol. Looks like a zombie
savethesonics34::he was that way in college too.
dreamhax::that's good though. an emotional basketball player is a bad thing. its better to stay even keel.
Superstring1::Teams should be demolishing Boston right now. Boston has only one big man on the bench and hes a D-League veteran.
supe540::Warriors keep offering you Biedrins.
naes666::hope they can move Stephen Jackson for another F or C
WarriorsGO::That's more big men then we have lol
WarriorsGO::Yup
Superstring1::Which, im assuming, is why they acquired Bogut. Celtics need to make a move. Too much pressure on the big 4.
Tjrds384::I wish the celts wouldve traded for monta ellis....
Superstring1::Would be the fastest backcourt in the NBA.
WarriorsGO::No 1 we would want from Celtics honestly. To old
naes666::Rondo for Curry in a heartbeat
supe540::I'm sure the Ws would love to have either of those guys.
YodaSucks::or stiemsma? This guy doesnt know what he is missing
bostonsportzzfan4life::You wouldn't want Rondo or Bass?  Really?  Lol
supe540::W's going to miss Monta......but a move had to be made.
dreamhax::doesnt look like it. klay thompson is rdy to step up.
naes666::how would he fit in on that team?
Tjrds384::I wanted to see him and rondo in the backcourt together and the guy can make his own shot.
Celtics17Banners::Good game Warrior fans. Was the Game in Boston because when KG hit that clutch 2 the crowd went nuts :)
naes666::no one is brave enough to admit to being a Lions fan
naes666::baseball and football not so much
naes666::come to a Sharks game vs Detroit, its all Red...
Celtics17Banners::I bet
Celtics17Banners::Well the Chicago Cubs have a HUGE following LOL so.....
naes666::Boston, NY and Detroit, lots of them in the Bay Area
bostonsportzzfan4life::I can see Boston and NY (despite how much I hate NY) but Detroit?  That last one is so random lol
supe540::Thanks.  Yeah there were a lot of Celts fans there.  You should see what it's like at an A's game.
supe540::Been a great decade for Boston fans.
Celtics17Banners::What about patriot Raider games lol.
supe540::Yep
Celtics17Banners::Buncha sox fans I bet
WarriorsWarrior::gg!
naes666::nah we just have really good fans - win or lose, sell out the games.
naes666::Warriors games are always entertaining when you are at the arena, although I miss Nellie Ball, he always made the game interesting.
Oaktown1029::good answer!
Superstring1::They love Kg.
Oaktown1029::Jackson: "we don't have our home-run hitter anymore, but we have a lot of guys who can get on base" (post game)  I like that quote, I'm going to use it.
WarriorsWarrior::THE BEST!
falseprophet2012::Why is Nate Robinson no longer on the Celtics? Warriors fans saw why tonight.
WarriorsGO::If he played like this every night then u Celtics are stupid for giving him up. Though I know he doesnt
falseprophet2012::He did own tonight but hes too inconsistent.....very streaky and not clutch.
falseprophet2012::might be true for the Warriors, but not the Celtics. He was very streaky and a shoot first point guard. not a good fit for the Celtics.
dreamhax::that's why he's a bench player but he consistently brings energy off the bench every night.
falseprophet2012::Im aware but he was inconsistent off the bench for the Celtics.
dreamhax::hes a bench player. he's on the team to bring energy off the bench and can score a little bit.
naes666::our starting PG is injured...
naes666::Nate shoots way too much ...its true
falseprophet2012::I know Im not that ignorant....Im sure Curry would normally take that last shot usually.
bostonsportzzfan4life::Not gonna lie...I'd love to have Nate back.  As him and Bradley off the bench for PGs?  That be nasty.
falseprophet2012::if they develop Moore he can easily fill the role Nate played off the bench, but he has been invisible lately, i have not seen him get much playing time.
dreamhax::how many points did he score tonight? he owned you guys.
WarriorsWarrior::good loss... back to back (no bogut or curry or jack) coulda won?
naes666::one Jackson in Oakland is enough
dreamhax::very unselfish basketball.
WarriorsGO::Hope trade jack. Don't need his attitude around our young guys
dreamhax::yup. the warriors are playing great ball right now. love the new look.
naes666::+1
Oaktown1029::Jackson says he was not going for the 2! 3 all the way - gotta like that!
FrankPistachio211::Who else is sick and tired of the ref$ carrying the Laker$??  They literally prevented the Laker$ from losing their last 4 games. NBA ref$ are a FU C K ING JOKE....
ynot1825::dude couldn't agree more....FT disparity is comical....all d fish and world peace do is reach and never get called
YodaSucks::Lakers are gay
FrankPistachio211::Celtics &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Laker$
Superstring1::The refs are not even discrete about it anymore. They make it so obvious.
FrankPistachio211::YES!! I've been saying this to myself all year long. They don't even make an effort to be subtle about their biased officiating anymore.
dreamhax::Just like the Celtics.
bostonsportzzfan4life::See when its the Celtics to you its the Refs fault but when I criticize another team (Lakers) I'm in Denial...Yeah that's not hypocritical at all...
dreamhax::still in denial? that was 2 years ago.
bostonsportzzfan4life::Right...which is why the Lakers got handed the 2010 title with their 21-5 free throw advantage in the 4th Qu. right?
bostonsportzzfan4life::I can agree with that.
BSR.1985::there is only 20 something games left philly has heat bulls on a back to back we beat sac and hopefully denver we would be up to 4 th seed and 1 game ahead of philly 8 and 2 on the last 10 lets go celtics, hopefully we can pick a center tomorrow along with a good bench player to play with bradley bass pietrus and stemear
Wengel101691::Honk if you want naes666 to shut up
OzzyRomo::Knicks = wasted talent lol
Wengel101691::HATE THE KNICKS
naes666::i heard your Coach quit today?
YodaSucks::Where are you from? if you are from a state with no professional sports teams picking random a-ss teams make sense. But other than that, not so much.
bostonsportzzfan4life::Surprised you can spell that.....
naes666::still don't root for the Knicks...reading comprehension bro
bostonsportzzfan4life::You like a team from New Jersey, Kentucky, and Ohio...and you are criticizing other people?
Wengel101691::honk sounds cooler
naes666::hey at least i'm not a Knicks fan like you...how's that Jeremy Lin working out?
YodaSucks::I looked at that also, i am just as confused.
bostonsportzzfan4life::Kentucky, New Jersey Devils, San Jose, Golden State, the Indians, and Raiders........um....what?  Lol
Superstring1::Lin would be a fantasy beast if turnovers counted as fantasy points.
bostonsportzzfan4life::Like/Honk same $@%! lol
bostonsportzzfan4life::Warrior fans relax (or some of you at least) it was a good game.  Nobody is going down your throat you guys got a good future ahead of you don't flip out over 1 loss lol.
WarriorsGO::Ty
bostonsportzzfan4life::Thank you simple as that.  Got nothin against Golden State honestly lol...idk why I would.
ynot1825::kayman might be the answer.....he's got game
falseprophet2012::Gotta give props to the Warriors, they always play the Celtics tough.
naes666::LOL @ all these Boston fans who appear after the game is over...were not here for the actual game...sad trolls.
YodaSucks::How do you know that they wanted to actually concentrate on the game rather than the board during? I dont see what is wrong with that
naes666::^eracist
drbeej::yep, I like all races!
naes666::^racist
WarriorsWarrior::ha!
drbeej::u trollin the trolls masta troll
yosemite noah::something we can all agree on   bulls 2012 nba champs
drbeej::no way yose
Wengel101691::Honk if you hate the heat
ynot1825::i like d lee's game...white boy is tough
supe540::Bogut next to Lee next year.  That's a lot of white beef.
Superstring1::Should be a 3 game clean sweep of the garbage California teams. Dam refs coddling the Lakers dick kept that from happening.
YodaSucks::lakers are gay
CwebbHouse::I HEAR GOLDEN STATE IS PRETTY FRUITY THESE DAYS
Jackbenimble77::That's cute
bostonsportzzfan4life::Warriors fans we can all agree on one thing here...  F**K the Heat.
naes666::don't really care about the Heat as much as ESPN does
WarriorsGO::Nope
bostonsportzzfan4life::Ya I guess 17 titles doesn't get you respect anymore...all you need is a headband.
dreamhax::no. $@%! the celtics.
bostonsportzzfan4life::I asked you :)
dreamhax::U mad bro?
bostonsportzzfan4life::U mad bro?
Wengel101691::Love the celtics like the warriors hate the heat
wsucougar08::Curious what the GS fans think of Klay Thompson. Looks like he is having a good season after a bit of a slow start. Seemed a lot of fans werent too excited about the pick when he was drafted.
wsucougar08::He reminds me of Brandon Roy, but better shooter. Good all around game. Had he stayed this year at WSU I think he would have developed his post game a little more. That was the last thing Roy picked up when he was at UW. Their progressions were oddly similar.
YodaSucks::Go COUGS!
supe540::I liked the pick.  Klay's got length and shooting touch.  Needs to work on his aggressiveness.
Oaktown1029::his potential was a factor in the trade.
dreamhax::hes very good.
supe540::Fitz trying to make it sound like a Warrior win.
Oaktown1029::AND THE WARRIORS CUT THE LEAD TO 15!
Jackbenimble77::From Fitz and Brooks?
CwebbHouse::GOOD GAME THERE U GO
andylg67::GG Celtics. Liked the way the Warriors played. Great play in the paint. A few lapses, but oh well.
andylg67::Yea. They are playing with heart, but so are the Celtics
falseprophet2012::gotta give props where they are due, the Warriors always play Boston tough.
Jackbenimble77::That's a tough lost. Warriors looked in good form without their top SG/PG though. Gives me hope for the future.  I do want them to lose the rest of their games this season tho
