91Gmoney9009::Breaking news....Al Horford out 4-5 months. Torn Pectoral, there goes the Hawks season
Yellowneal::pacers are just playing well point blank
Taco with a Q::Dahntay Jones is a big reason why the pacers are winning actually....his second string defense has really shut down opposing guards
raaaj989::playin good even with dahntay playing way to many minutes-go pacers
91Gmoney9009::Yes, but so is half the NBA, its too early too tell whos gonna be good 2 months from now.
91Gmoney9009::The Hawks scored 9 points in the 3rd quarter, only reason why they lost the game. Not to mention Williams and McGrady didnt play who are both averaging around 12 points per game. If our team was 100% we would have won this game by 15-20.
Taco with a Q::IM just saying you cant make the assumption that the Hawks would win by 20 points either if fully healthy.
Taco with a Q::Gmoney.....your dreaming....Pacers clearly outplayed the Hawks
91Gmoney9009::I never once said they didnt outplay the Hawks, but we didnt have 2 starters and our 6th man, the Wizards could have beat us last night. Not an impressive win, beat us when we have our starters playing. I wouldnt be bragging about dominating ZaZa Pachulia
91Gmoney9009::Im crazy? We beat Miami and Chicago. A win is a win. Talk to me in 4 months when the Pacers are .500 sitting at home watching the Hawks in the playoffs! Nobody even knows who plays for the Pacers!
raaaj989::you are crazy!is it going to take overtime again to beat the bobcats?or are your injures going to be your excuse again
Man From UNC::The Pacers need to get Hansbrough more minutes, they seem to play better when he plays more minutes.......
Hmrstrm::Larry Bird for Exec.of the year...
raaaj989::atl 1-5 vs teams over .500%,enough said.PACERS and HOOSIERS are back!
Taco with a Q::Boston was 4-3 when pacers beat them
ATLrepresent11::Boston is 4-5...
brendan_nieto2010::Well 1-2 isn't right for pacers.  We beat ATL and Boston.
DeVi0uZ::Actually ATL is 2-3 versus teams over .500% they beat Miami and Chicago. The Pacers are 1-2 versus teams over .500% after beating ATL. Try not to say "enough said" after make false statements.
newcaymanS::Pacers currently have the 3rd best Defense in the NBA.  They are very young and when their shooting comes around, will be very dangerous.  A top 4 or 5 seed in the East barring any unforseen injuries.  I don't see them getting past Miami or Chicago, but would not be surprised to see them take those elite teams the distance because they are so deep.  Literally, they are 1 superstar away from being a legit contender.  They are almost fully recovered from the Malace in the Palace.
csmeech::Love it..."same ol sorry hawks".....so true
raaaj989::they have had alot of bad coaches
Man From UNC::A talented Hawks team with a bad head coach.....
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::-No Horford (except for the first 5 or 6 mins of the game) -No Marvin -No T-Mac -Hinrich yet to play a single game  I'm not saying the Pacers  arent equal or even better than the Hawks this year, but this game damn sure isnt an indicator, we're talking 32.4 PPG 18 RPG missing from the lineup, not to mention the size, depth, limitations on different lineups you can put on the floor.
timechange064::Brutal third period stretch by the Hawks. Shows why they'll never do anything in the playoffs. Never know what Hawk team will decide to show up on any given night (the one that beat the Heat with Wade &amp; LeBrick or the one that lost to Bosh &amp; a supporting cast of bench players). Great game by the Pacers.
ACUDA316::Holy crap the pacers are tall outside collison. 6'10, 6'8, 6'9, 7'2
ATLrepresent11::Wow. Pacers are definitely a team to look out for. I don't have a particular opinion towards Indy, so I won't hate or nothin. Haha. Congrats.
newcaymanS::That team is deep and young.  Get used to seeing them win more than they lose.
csmeech::oh wait...you were being sarcastic...
csmeech::too early to say imo. plenty of teams can play well for a 10 game stretch.
Drew5640::still tryin to decide if Amundson's hawt pulled-back  pony tail is the reason for his squinty eyes; or if he is just is half $@%!$
Drew5640::lol apparently that word is not allowed. * Chinese
No Im The Batman.::No I'm The Batman.
anieten185::Hawks are the most inconsistent team in the league, I won't be surprised to seem them get knocked out in the first round of the playoffs this year.
Man From UNC::Bad Head Coach
LunchPailDefense20::Player of the Game was Lance Stephenson, the guy has an opportunity to be a stud if he works at it.  Need to see more from PG if we are gunna get one of the top 4 seeds but ive been very impressed so far with this team this year, keep playing d and we will be a tough out in the playoffs.  Go Pacers!
Nikoloz3::Good Win Pacers!
treyhusko22::GO PACERS!!!! LOL
daredevil_three::Can you play 13 players in a game now?  I thought the active roster was 12, or did that change in the new CBA?  Or is the box score wrong for the Pacers?
ATLien4ever::Josh is showing glimpses of being great.  Horford sitting for a few games might really benefit him.
PlayerPresident1::again, just like i thought...atlanta hawks are garbage.
Icterus Galbuli::That's what you get for thinking when you're not used to it!!!!! :) :)   3 of the Hawks top 6 players played a total of 6 minutes in this one. Marvin Williams and Tracy McGrady sat this one out and Al Horford played a total of 6 minutes before being hurt. Not really fair to make an assessment based upon this game against a 7-3 team (Pacers) in their gym.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Get well quick Horford, we need you. Pacers have a good team. No worries.  Let's start this 4 game home stand off right against the Bobcats tomorrow. Go Hawks!!!
mwlevine::Best game of the season for the Pacers. Complete game, case closed. Way to bounce back
bballjogguy31::Pacers W tonight, enough said.  outplayed Hawks.
yodaspeaks::Gotta love how the Hawks cut the lead to 12 at the end of the game to make it look respectable.  THAT is why i never bet on NBA games.  The score almost NEVER tells the story of the game.
revenge_Of_WHITECHILI::Pacers rackin' up the W's.  Love it!
onthemic79::Just when you think they're coming around...blam...same ol sorry @ss Hawks.
onthemic79::Not taking anything away from the Pacers...but, as a long time Hawks fan...I can tell you, they'll likely win a playoff series, and get stomped out of the second round.
bballjogguy31::he's actually said a big point.
Michael Bibby IV::I wouldn't take anything away from this game for the Hawks. We were without two of our starters and our best bench player.  If you want to take something away from this game it is that the Pacers are much better than last year
namebrand1152::What happened to Al Horford?
Michael Bibby IV::Sprained Shoulder
wtsucuahi::My Pacers win this time...
zzzzzzzap::Indiana's actually.
bballjogguy31::OURs actually.
raaaj989::SORRY $@% ATL FANS  QUIT CRYIN
marinetank::classy michael bibby the forth
Michael Bibby IV::Pacer are a good team. Without 2 of our starters and T-mac you guys should have beatin us  Good win
redbloof1234::gary brackett lookin sexy
Michael Bibby IV::Games over Amundson, why the f-ck are you trying to add to the score?
KevinMatt443::stop crying pacers had there scrubs in trying playing defense at the beginning of the game
raaaj989::tryin to get some stats
BOOMBABY_3::I'm a pacers fan and i agree idk what he was doing.
bballjogguy31::it's America, does what he wants man.
raaaj989::cry!
agt402::Seriously, is NBA rigged? This doesn't add up!
bballjogguy31::obviously.
Michael Bibby IV::The Pacers are a good team and the Hawks are missing 4 key guys  This isn't odd at all
bballjogguy31::True.
raaaj989::you cant count or what
raaaj989::collins=chicken $@%!
sumbrownkid::As a bulls fan I'd like to thank the pacers.
bballjogguy31::thanks?
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::I'm sure he just wants to soften their loss to ATL, idk i could be way off base
BOOMBABY_3::PACERS!!!! ^^^^^^^^^^^^^
joboee123::Happy for the Pacers and their true fans, but we can't talk much....... did you see when we played Miami?
BOOMBABY_3::The Heat Shot 64% from the field that Night they were HOTTTTTT! We got our butts kicked and its going happen with this schedule.
joboee123::bad is an understatement for that game though, Wade wasn't even playing
pennpenn1418::i'll bet the pacers do the same to the heat in indy
bballjogguy31::just me, or are they're alot of cocky Pacers fans on here after we win.  as i steal the McDonalds "I'm Lovin' it"
bballjogguy31::yeh
raaaj989::one bad night,u see miami last night
mlevkowitz::Chris Kaman for Josh Smith - who says no? Check out the top 4 Josh Smith trades today at Not Your Father's Water Cooler - NYFWC.com
bballjogguy31::anybody else deaden the like button from pressing it too much?
martinjrlim::hawks can just retire from this
gregorio363::OK  KICK MY A S S  I WAS WRONG  TONIGHT  GOT SEVENTY MORE TO PUT UP W ME AND HAWKS--UP YALLS
JulioJonesBrother::<b>SLOAN</b>
rileysan86::Man the Hawks seem super inconsistent
bballjogguy31::ha yeh, affect.
me_destruit::Indy looks very inconsistent when Granger is out. Beyond popular belief, injuries do affect a team.
Denis2224::Pacers!!!
bballjogguy31::seem?  they look.
Calinative760::The only reason the Hawks lost is due to all of their injuries.
BOOMBABY_3::C'mon man that like saying we lost to Philly bc Granger and Hill didn't play. It didnt matter who you had tonight you guys played awful. Its hard playing back to back nights.
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::the only reason? only? come on now
WinstonChurchill131::The only reason you are here is because the Eagles sucked and couldn't make the playoffs.
raaaj989::THE ONLY REASON INDY LOST TO PHILY WAS THERE INJURIES,THEY AINT CRYIN
raaaj989::THERE KICKIN ATL  ASSSS!
bballjogguy31::sucks.  still don't give.
pennpenn1418::is that why the eagles also didn't make the playoffs?
yodaspeaks::Better than Matty Checkdown.
JulioJonesBrother::Just not a real QB.
pennpenn1418::who did they sign?
yodaspeaks::dont worry about the eagles.  we have a real d coordinator now.
JulioJonesBrother::It's cause of Brooks Conrad.
emheckman::clutch conrad? the same conrad that cost us the series against the Giants, because he couldn't field a ball?
MageMaster000::dam, i will miss clutch conrad
JulioJonesBrother::Nope, went to the Brewers :(
MageMaster000::is he still a brave?
Thornz503::missed it. . .what happened w/ Al. . .serious injury?
magnabeane::yeah, why only 6mins
mwlevine::Pendergraph sighting, interested to see what he can do
jc12321::dunk contest
me_destruit::He can miss a dunk with the best of them.
pennpenn1418::well you just saw
BOOMBABY_3::You just saw it lol
Gambling and Rambling::Dear Hawks Fan,  We as a team are going to score 18 points in the 2nd half because we have the under at betus.com  Thanks,   Joe Johnson
raaaj989::fist dunk of the year   PRICELESS
BOOMBABY_3::HAHA sportscenter NOT TOP 10
Denis2224::scrubs are in the game
