John 3663::lol its funny how bucks fans are the harshest on their team
bdsmrk::If u can't play .500 ball you don't deserve the play-offs!  Miami should just get a first round bye.... Then again, playing our sad team is almost as good as a bye.
timbdickson::#freemikescott
timbdickson::How the hell does Mike Scott not get minutes?? What a joke Larry Drew is.
d_bokk::Monta lighting it up now that Jennings isn't there to hold him back
dgreen978::this is sad but Atlanta needs to lose one if not both of their remaining games.  I thought the number seed play he lowest seed in every round and the answer to that is no....Let Chicago have the 5th seed.
daskins25::Any clue if sanders or Jennings are playing tomorrow
d_bokk::Hopefully Sanders, 62 points in the paint tonight... horrible  who cares about Jennings, anyone can shoot 6 for 16 and play shi.tty D
Bucks_fan_for_real.....::Maybe the biggest slump of the year is right before the playoffs.  Great.....
Wisky Xtreme::Bucks vs Heat series will end in 3 games...  because the NBA will just make Milwaukee forfeit the 4th game just so than no one from the Heat get injured.
Wisky Xtreme::Is it possible to fire Milwaukee's entire front office because its getting to the point where I could care less if the Bucks left Milwaukee then It would be one less depressing thing to deal with constantly.
Cooper Mannings backup dog::go hawks!
Tom42Miller::If Monta plays like this, Henson like he did last game, Sanders like he has all season, and Jennings like he does once in a while... well the the Heat series might go to 6 games.
d_bokk::Only way the Bucks even have a remote chance at extending the series is if Jennings doesn't play at all.
Chenger91::The Bucks are going to get swept by the Heat in the 1st round I guarentee it.
North Polars::Glad to see that the Bucks are continuing the Eastern Conference's legacy of having sub-.500 teams make the playoffs
kuroka13::17 assists for Ellis? Those must just have been air-balls his teammates caught and then scored on. He isn't the passing type.
d_bokk::Monta is a much better PG than Jennings, he'd put up Rondo-like numbers if he was given the chance to run the point by himself.
IVI PapaDoc IVI::Your have absolutely no clue. Monta almost always leads 2 guards in assists
Bala88::Does anyone know what the worst record for an 8th seed in the playoff is?
Bucks_fan_for_real.....::I think it was 35 wins
Dikembe_Mutombo_Throwback_ATLanta_Hawks_Jersey::both of these teams have a lot of work to do if they want to be even competitive in the 1st round
Dikembe_Mutombo_Throwback_ATLanta_Hawks_Jersey::37-42 playoff team wow
Lemuel7043::ok so Monta had 17 assists? damn
Scott687671::The Bucks are a gutless, heartless bunch of pathetic losers.  Miami's going to totally destroy Milwaukee, who is only in playoffs be default
korn7860::BUCKS VERSE HAWKS IN THE SECOND ROUND  BOOK IT
LostAussie95::go home son, you are drunk
korn7860::JENNINGS WILL AVERAGE 25PPG AND 13APG IN THE PLAYOFFS  BOOK IT.
Bucks_fan_for_real.....::Jennings can only dream of those numbers.
Laoboyfresh::I agree
-FEARTHEDEER-::He has made it pretty clear he doesn't want to be here.
korn7860::I think he has made it clear he wants money, if he can do that in the playoffs HE IS WORTH IT.
-FEARTHEDEER-::I hope so. Up his value as much as he can so we can get more for a sign and trade deal.
korn7860::If he does that in the playoffs, I sure hope we do whatever we can to make him happy here in Milwaukee.  Bucks are waiting for him to prove it, and will pay him if he does.
NCAA Loves Bribes::great comeback atl
UNCHeels725.::Johnny Henson got a tech?
Lemuel7043::yes
UNCHeels725.::Out of whose hand?
Lemuel7043::slapped the ball
UNCHeels725.::What did he do?
UNCHeels725.::Yes!
Lemuel7043::Will Iso Joe disappear in the playoffs again? We Hawks fan remember every post season disappearances by Joe Johnson
buckspackers23::GG, Hawks!
-FEARTHEDEER-::I think everyone can agree Boylan will not be the coach nest season. I want Van Gundy.
kid2389::Laimbeer
korn7860::I want Kareem as well, I think the Bucks need a legend in order to attract top notch Free Agents, and remove this negative vibe from the majority of the fan base, and the team overall.
kid2389::No i dont agree with anyone
Jacobk817::Kareem!
korn7860::He knows more about the game then everyone on this board combined, times 100.  He will most certainly do better then Boylan.  He will demand respect, as well as being a players coach.
-FEARTHEDEER-::it would be cool but we have no idea if he would actually be good as a coach. Tough to say
stevej2555::Good job Hawks you took advantage of these pathetic Bucks mistakes. You deserve this W, as the Bucks deserve the L.
the hawks is the word::Brooklyn would soon find out how overrated the ISO-twins are in making teams contenders
kid2389::Atlanta tanked it
D-Rose... then D-Fell LOL::<b>BULLS ARE GARBAGE HOW DO THEY LOSE TO A $@%! TEAM KNOWN AS THE CRAPTORS</b>
korn7860::Why are you trolling the Bulls on this conversation board?  I really do not think any of us care.
D-Rose... then D-Fell LOL::LOLLLLLL 'CUZ I CAN
korn7860::BUCKS WANT TO PLAY THE HEAT  HEAT WANT TO PLAY THE BUCKS  LETS GET THIS PARTY STARTED ALREADY.  7 GAME SERIES IN THE MAKING.
korn7860::Jennings is going to earn his money, just watch.
kid2389::Keep smokin
StatsFTW::One of those days where Monta Ellis is indeed better than Wade lol.
tripledouble916::ellis to chi town book it
StatsFTW::Oh great, two of the best chuckers the NBA has seen in recent years on the same team.
elchupanibre8::LMAO Atlanta now the 5th seed
bburwell00::PENSI &gt; VAGIAN
D-Rose... then D-Fell LOL::<b>GRANGER &gt; ROSE</b>
D-Rose... then D-Fell LOL::<b>PACERS &gt; BULLS</b>
the hawks is the word::You bucks better hope Boston chokes to the 8th seed
bburwell00::if boston wins tomorrow they are locked into the 7th seed.
david- Robinson_50::not possible mil still plays den and okc
kevinholdren::Teague is developing nicely, with a superstar coach and some solid players, we could make a good run, for the next several years..imo
korn7860::The bottom line every Bucks fan needs to remember, this Bucks team was the 9th best defensive team in the league under Skiles, and they have a ton of players that can get hot in a hurry.  If anything is going to motivate them to play there best game (easily equivalent to that of a 44-46 win team) then the Bucks will do a lot more against the Heat then anyone gives them credit for.
D-Rose... then D-Fell LOL::<b>ROSE IS GONNA BE SO SAD WHEN HIS TEAM IMMEDIATELY GETS SWEPT OUT OF THE PLAYOFFS AGAIN BY THE INDIANA PACERS</b>
korn7860::Rose will come back in the Playoffs, that has been the plan all along.
D-Rose... then D-Fell LOL::Rose is done, he's been shut down
buckspackers23::The Bucks are 20/58 on 2's. lol.
kid2389::65 points against in the 2 half....they played d like bucks/packers23 posts...like s.hit
brooklynnets7::YES PLEASE WIN ATL, WE WANT YOU IN THE FIRST ROUND
the hawks is the word::pssh please... you'll find out how overrated ISO-joe is
buckspackers23::That was silky.
D-Rose... then D-Fell LOL::HAHAHA BULLS GONNA FACE THE PACERS  EASY SWEEP FOR INDIANA
420_Legendz::Good win Hawks. Good luck in the playoffs. Hopefully we meet again this year.   GO BUCKS!!!
I like the Bucks::I'm out...GG Hawks, it ain't over yet but I have a feeling you got it
