megadrewton5000::the pistons stink worse than farting
development85252::They have no identity at all. They should just scrap the old "defense first" mantra and start playing more like the Suns... Up-tempo and just hope they can get more possessions to out-shoot people.
kobnk2007::Vince Carter needs to be dumped
Lionsxlg::When Chuck Daly and Mr. Davidson Died so did the Detroit Pistons...
DTWLAS::The Pistons stink. They are awful. What once used to be such a great franchise..........now stinks.
milw-jay::Either the Detroit metro is really poverty stricken, or they are holding a big grudge against the NBA for the lockout, cause their attendance so far as been horrible.  Last in the league, when the past few years they have been near the top in attendance.
wmu.broncos::It's not necessarily economic, the Wings and Tigers got great attendance during the toughest years of the recession, the Lions started selling out again once they fielded a team worth watching. And that's what's going on with the Pistons.  1) They're uncompetitive but even bigger - 2) Their attitudes just stink.  Rodney Stuckey thinks he's some kind of a star but hasn't accomplished a thing.  They had that "walkout" last year and quit on the coach.  That's why people aren't going to these games, they stink and they act like jerks.  I wouldn't watch a Pistons game if they were playing in my driveway, much less pay to see one.  I do applaud those dudes on the bench though, that was funny.
development85252::They get blown out in the second quarter every night... and then they quit. They will be lucky to win ten games. Nobody in ANY city would pay money to watch supposedly PRO athletes play like that, especially NBA athletes.
adamrawr18241::we're finally seeded!
Lake Tahoe Detroit Fan::Tom Gores. This is karma kicking you in the @&amp;!.
SpreethangGoBlue::the Lions had like the Curse of Bobby Layne to deal with right? Joe Dumars, you brought on your own curse when you dumped Chauncey for A.I.
DTWLAS::Yep. For sure. That  was a horrible trade.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Was watching the Stars game for the most part. Good game, Mavericks. Love to see the solid road win (especially when it's the 1st of the season)!
tech_alum_2010::Sorry I missed  the game had to work late. Good to see another win. Mavs might just be ok
Steven57928::nice to see dirk play well.  as a UK fan always hoping B. Knight does well (wish he would have stayed one more year to develop better and win a NCAA title too).
TubbyTime334::German Moses +42!!!
KingGeorge53::Good game by the Mavs.     Feel for our rivals across the lake.
Way Klaro::Dallas should not peak too early in the season. They should play the bench more specially against weaker teams (like OKC joke!). This Dallas team is too dangerous, too deep, and a veteran team. Right mix for another championship!   Forget what we lost, but come on! Addition of Bynum, Carter, Yi and West! Look at how Mahinmi is improving. I still got the feeling better than last year!  Come playoffs time, the chemistry of this team will be at maximum and we can see other west teams to cry and finally Miami to cry again. Let's go mavs!
adamrawr18241::lolll bynum
Cowboys-Mavs-Rangers-Stars::No not that sore $@% loser Bynum, its more like Odom ;)
lord of the flame2::lets ride the custodian all the way to finals hahha yea
BlazersWar::why doesn't Dirk score more? Man, he was a beast in the Playoffs ...
Way Klaro::Dirk should relax now and rock and roll later!
dfwtx817::because everyone on the team is scoring too
BigDSports21::It's the regular season, he's 33.  He knows when it's important to play, the playoffs.
BigDtown09::Woohoo, back to .500!! Lol.   Delonte West looked good again, he has been by far the best acquisition this year, but boy Detroit is bad.
xrobologyx::Dallas played Detroit therefore I feel the urge to mention Thanksgiving.  &amp; Tebow
bamberg1977::Sad 3 times as many comments for Mich St. vs. Iowa basketball game.   And that college game was more lopsided before and after this.
bgamron::Thunder fan, we measure our success with playoff wins. Something your franchise would know nothing about.
T8ke_A_Picture::1 Championship in 60 years, good job!
BigDSports21::60 years? What?
TTUMBA26::MAVS first year was 1980....the franchise is 31 years old.  If youre going to bash the reigning NBA champs, at least get your facts righ, jack a$s.  I guess youre still butt sore from your team crumbling in the conf finals.  Damn that was awesome..  OKC still has alot to learn and wont even sniif a finals appearance for another 2-3 years.
bgamron::1 more than you
T8ke_A_Picture::Mavs .500 lmao!
bernotas22@yahoo.com::DETROIT SU C K S
bamberg1977::We KN O W
T8ke_A_Picture::Thunder 9-2, how does it feel to be inferior to a better team. Mavs stay thirsty my friends.
Harbo43199::Did you see the size of that champagne bottle we were drinking from after we WON THE CHAMPIONSHIP???  Mavs are not thirsty at all.
Way Klaro::You are just sour you've been beaten by an old Dallas last season.
BigDtown09::Obvious troll is obvious. Us Dallas fans have to grow some thicker skin. When you win a title, the trolls come out, just ignore them.
TTUMBA26::I remember you back when the MAVS were spanking OKC in the finals.  I see youre still as overzealous as you were then.    Mavs are thirsty??  You dumb a$$, MAVS just won the Championship, OKC is the thirsty group.  Make sure you put a nipple on that bottle too becuase it still looks like your back pack wearing team hasnt matured much.  Looks like Durant and Westbrook are going to continue to have temper tantrums right in front of the bench the rest of the year.  How do the Thunder feel already losing to a team that just hit .500?  haha
Way Klaro::Hahahaha! You are right TTUMBA26, this sorry little guy got to mature. He sound like a jerk kid in his basement. Actually he is a 30-yr old living in his momma apartment.
brendan0516::my god detroit is awful, this squad would have trouble winning games in the d-league
jpware11::lamar odom still a bum...damn he must be really depressed...forgot to take his birth control pills again
tbIce33::mavs win ONE ring and they think they rule the nba. ONE is a FLUKE.
lord of the flame2::hey envy remind me how the lakers got better this offseason
TTUMBA26::Another laker fan still mad about being swept
dallasmavs255::why are you even still here, you said you were leaving. come back to try to redeem yourself?
Mikslik1::cute little trolls
Envy II::Especially when they're 5-5 and have an ancient team filled with washed up players and scrubs
dallasmavs255::just like the lakers
PW-52::Brian Cardinal's +/- was -28 LOL.
Silverygreen971::Mavs are now only 1 game behind the spurs for 1st in SW division
Thurmonaterrrrrrrrrr41::Detroit...The Juarez, Mexico of the US.
dallasmavs255::Wow i got a good deal of laughs out of this, hey Envy II make sure you make an appearance every Dallas game so you can all entertain us with your terrible comebacks while the Mavs are blowing out the opposition :) pce buddy
Envy II::Nobody is wasting their money to go from Cali to inbreed Texas to watch a team who would have been good in 2004. Mavs suck, lucky 1 championship and will NEVER happen again. Nobody is trying to impress you with 'good' comebacks. You and your hillbilly fanboys don't like it because it's TRUE.  Lakers &gt; every sports team in Texas. California &gt; Texas. All you have is obesity and illegal Mexicans. Hell, those Mexicans don't even want to live there. Look it up on youtube
Outsider76021::Envy, give us a call when California is off the government teat. (several BILLION in debt). California is nothing more than a cesspool for illegal aliens. The place is known as the Mecca of illegal aliens. There have been more hospitals closed in California due to illegal immigration than any other state in the United States.
dallasmavs255::i dont even live in texas god, get your facts right
wreckem tech101::testing..
Silverygreen971::Good to see Dirk has his jumphots back
Johnson95135::Odom with another monstrous game!
Silverygreen971::Hey Envy how does it feel to be the Clippers sidekick?
Envy II::I hope you feel better about yourself lmao. You have your internet boyfriends from sh.i.tty Texas blowing you
Texasgirl6200::Go back to school little boy.
metalhead6680::Dude it's over. Let him wallow in his little Net pool
Envy II::I don't care. I'm fan of both teams
Texasgirl6200::illegal?  what a strange word to use.
dallasmavs255::i think umad
Envy II::Wow.. I wish I knew you in RL so I could f**k you up kid. You and these stupid comments making no sense at all. I'm getting off because I actually have a LIFE and SCHOOL, something you dropped out of and don't have. F**k Texas and all you scrawny a.s.s gumps.
dallasmavs255::sure sure. true Nets supporter attitude right there
Envy II::Because I have never liked the Nets??? I'm not even from there. Why would I ever like them? You're so stupid kid
dallasmavs255::ohhhh i get it, you're one of those fair weather supporters that supports "who evers winning" now i get why you wont admit to support the nets
Envy II::Why? Is it illegal to be a fan of teams from your own city?
I am Dirk Nowitzki::that's pretty sad
thestartexan::I would like to see DJONES get some more playing time... he is fun to watch
dallasmavs255::Lakers = Kobe past his prime + randoms riding on his shoulders Nets = D-league  Mavs = Defending champs  You lose Envy II
Envy II::How do you know I 'support' the Nets? Lmao where is your proof? NJ has always sucked and I don't live anywhere near NJ
Envy II::I don't care. I like the Clippers too? Not every Lakers fan hates the CLippers
Envy II::Lmao I don't care if I 'win'. It's the internet you gump  Lakers= better record and everybody comes to LA. Mavs = barely .500 and a team that's stuck in 2004  Nets= they suck and I don't care or root for them
dallasmavs255::well if you don't care then why are you even here wasting your life commenting on a mavs conversation? Mavs swept the c.rappy lakers 4-0 with ease. you do support the nets and everyone here knows it
I am Dirk Nowitzki::you mad the clippers got CP3 and Lakers didn't
Silverygreen971::Envy stop liking your own comments nobody is on your side.
Envy II::Lmao I don't care. You're some random scrawny white kid acting hard behind your keyboard
dallasmavs255::so now you're stalking him?
Silverygreen971::LAKERS 3-PEAT!!!!!!!
Mikslik1::you mean in 2014?
bgamron::.500 after 10 games just as I predicted
Cowboys_Fan_I982::see you tomorrow envy, where you can troll us to another victory
Envy II::You're 5-5.
metalhead6680::look at the comment more closer
metalhead6680::Yea were 1-0 why he is here
Envy II::Bed time? Good night 12 year old
Cowboys_Fan_I982::no, but i do have work tomorrow.. something you wouldnt know sh.i.t about
metalhead6680::Stop liking your own comments dude
jill339hoosier::L O FUC KING LOL I CANT BELIEVE THIS
Silverygreen971::Envy i dont care if like the Fakers or Nets they both suck.
Envy II::You know everybody wants to come to LA, not sh.i.t.ty Texas
Envy II::REALLY? Lmao where did you see this list? You watch too much ESPN
I am Dirk Nowitzki::that's why Derron Williams and Dwight Howard put the Mavs on their list
Envy II::I guess the Mavericks are the most youthful team in the league then. DUMB a.s.s
dallasmavs255::Lakers = Kobe past his prime + randoms riding on his shoulders
Envy II::Or put a comma after Nets
Texasgirl6200::You forget the period dumbnuts.
jill339hoosier::i
Envy II::Why do the Lakers have the better record and everything from California better than Texas?
Envy II::Lol?? You didn't even capitalize the 'I'
Silverygreen971::why grammar so bad?
jill339hoosier::LOL AT THE OVER
DetroitKoolAid::good game dallas, good luck on the rest of the season! I pull for you all to win since my team sucks (im hoping the pistons get a top 3 draft pick)
dallasmavs255::good luck brah. and dont worry about the pistons, look on the bright side: at least you dont support the nets
metalhead6680::Same to you Good luck for the season and the draft
THE JEFFERNATER::Bring on Boston!! GG Mavs!  Stay stupid Envy II!
Cowboys_Fan_I982::GG Pistons fans ( if you hung around )
pistonpower313::gg, i guess....
DetroitKoolAid::true lol
Envy II::LMAO!!! Dallas would be able to contend if this was 2004
pistons6684::Thanks, you guys have a good team that definitely can contend.
MysteriousMav::Wright making a case for more minutes... RC wont let that happen though dont worry.
jeffs9230::over his for everyonoe now.....praying does help lol
Cowboys_Fan_I982::envy, suck my Dirk
Envy II::You would want that... lmao f.a.g
Cowboys_Fan_I982::sit there and take it beeeeetch
I am Dirk Nowitzki::5-5 now time for the Celtics
Envy II::You guys should tank the rest of the season if you lose to Boston
