rjump3601::Give Larry Sanders the minutes Ellis and Jennings get and the dude would be getting a triple double every night.
notoriouspig15::Jennings, who before the game said he was frustrated that he learned of the coaching change from Skiles  whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa......???????????????  coach goes out of his way to show respect to the guy that got him fired with a face to face sit down and he's unhappy. maybe if the janitor informed him.....................
milwaukeemonster2::that didnt make sense to me either...
milwaukeemonster2::i cant believe henson actually got playing time...wow  skiles bias towards young players was evident...
yawle7::Robert Sarver is pathetic, the Suns are embarrassing, what else can be said...
arin.chad::Best part of this article, from a Bucks perspective, is that Henson played.
milwaukeemonster2::exactly skiles HATED young players...if jennings didnt score 55 he would not have been playing, but that forces his hand
Arbyrick::suns might be the worst team in the nba.....
mksatx::Predictable.  But not professional.  You know who you are
Miller Park After Dark::PROST!
sackattack83::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-chtzGlHnFI
choppinitupinAZ::Been using a betting system called sportsbettingstar the past few months. I doubled my initial balance the first month and made almost $3000 my 2nd month using this system. You can find this system on the first page of google by searching for basketball betting systems.
Dar782::Use this system too and it is pretty good
choppinitupinAZ::betting with a system called Sportsbettingstar now for a couple of months. I found this on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems. Since I started I have made around $3,000 a month just following it. Ive tried a few systems in the past and nothing compares to how well this one does.
colobr731::Henson and Larry could turn into a scary good combo for the Bucks.   Its just so frustrating to watch 2 streaky shooters just chucking every game and having to hope one of them is actually on. This is Jennings normal game pretty much, he just for whatever reason happend to shoot 20% better tonight. Ellis in turn shots 25%...  Hopefully they get to draft a guard that can actually play one of the 2 positions and hire a coach that can run an offense for next year.
It Was Written::_
jpm70127::Beasley and Dudley for Rudy Gay
Conky Bubs::why are you mod'ing af friggin SUNS BUCKS board.. fail mods
panther4406::Where has D.Wagner85 gone?  Statistics matter, bud. I've watched this team for the last 13 years. Brandon Jennings has hardly improved.
Conky Bubs::yeah breh ima Suns fan, i dunno who KJ or Frank Robinson is tho
Conky Bubs::lol flag remove me funny LAME suns fans
The 1 Percent::Thank God the NHL lockout ended. I can't watch this Suns team any longer. Sarver has destroyed this team, its one of the saddest things I've ever seen in sports
Conky Bubs::I wish you the best STEVE.. i hope you get a ring with LA!!!     lame future Suns fans
Orange6O2::I hope to see you on the next game board!
Conky Bubs::just becuase you've never seen me doesent mean im not ALWAYS here
BadgersBucksPackers::Nice to see Ersan starting to get his groove back.
squiddy45::He needs to stop pump faking so much though
BadgersBucksPackers::Agreed.
gbkindbud::I need to get around to going to a Bucks game. I just wish we had some form of consistency, or atleast keep our key players around. I want us to re-sign jennings and ellis, solid backcourt duo.  I remeber the bucks from the 90's and early 2000's when we were good, i'm still pretty bitter about that ray allen for gary payton trade. TOP 10 WORST TRADES OF ALL TIME LIST.
colobr731::If you want consistency, why would you want them to resign Jennings and Ellis? Those are 2 of the most inconsistent players in the NBA.   For example tonights game, Jennings play was no different, his shot selection was no different. Yet, he made 20% more of his shots. In the next week he will probably have a 25% shooting game. Ellis is maybe even more inconsistent, went from player of the week to under 30% for 2 of the last 3 games.
D.Wagner85::Panther4406  Bad shooters do not have multiple games (which Jennings does) going 9-15 from the field and 5-7 from 3.  Over 50% of Jennings missed shots are from in the paint where he gets fouled and no call is made, or the defense alters the shot.  As a pure shooter, Jennings is very solid.  People need to stop with this bias towards Jennings being a bad shooter and do some research, watch some tape.  He is almost a very good jump shooter, and is improving in the jump shooting department each season.
panther4406::Here are his FG% for his first 4 years in the league.  <b>FG %   3 PT % </b> .371     .374 .390     .323 .418     .332 .400     .345  Yes. <b> DRASTIC </b>improvement!
panther4406::And here, you say he's taking more shots in the lane, right?   Shots per game     3 pt ShotsPG 14.8                          4.7 14.7                          4.8 17.0                          5.9 16.5                          5.3
panther4406::A missed basket when a player if fouled doesn't count in shot attempts. Want to see his FT attempts per game? 3.3, 3.9, 3.6, 3.3. WHICH MEANS HE ISN'T GETTING TO THE LINE, EITHER.
panther4406::I mean, I can show you the rest of his statistics too, to have numbers to back my argument up. Where as you rely on "the refs don't call fouls" as the basis of your argument.
D.Wagner85::Again you blind brokeback $@%!$@, over 50% of his misses are in the paint, where he is either fouled, or altered, you are a complete moron, numbers do not tell the whole story you idiot.
BadgersBucksPackers::"Hello, welcome to McDonalds. May I take your order?"  Scott Skiles Next Week
colobr731::I've seen his house, dudes not going to be working at McDonalds.
gbkindbud::he has millions, i doubt he'd ever have to work again, haha.
panther4406::he has 6 illegitimate kids tho
squiddy45::Welcome to goodburger, home of the goodburger, can I take your order?
BadgersBucksPackers::-Skiles
FORKWDEVIL::for Conky=best Suns Center ever is Dennis Autrey.
brewcrew3_3::U think Skiles watched this game?
arizonasting13::BOS: Gortat MEM: Dudley, Terry, 1st rounder from Boston. PHX: Gay, Sullinger   Boston gets the center they want. Memphis stays competitive and sheds salary. Suns get their go to guy and a young forward with some potential. Boom.
FORKWDEVIL::nice.
Orange6O2::I would take that trade as well
BadgersBucksPackers::http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fDve49IkYvY   http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qvJkXAfvazs   http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=2lsGKz5XOsE
Ubernichtbekannt::Ilyasova had a pretty solid game tonight, I think this coaching change is going to do him+the Bucks a lot of good.
D.Wagner85::Ok TROLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL and enjoy wasting your life further, your comments are garbage, just like your brokeback mountain picture.
D.Wagner85::It should, it is a historical fact that when Skiles leaves a team, they make the playoffs shortly after, and become a contending team.
D.Wagner85::Within 5 years this team will have at least one Eastern Conference Finals appearance.  This team has the young talent the team in 1997 had.
panther4406::Playoffs does not = contending. More than half the teams in the NBA make the playoffs. If they don't tear it all down and rebuild they're going to struggle for the 8th seed for the next 5 years. Which is horrible. You get bad draft picks and usually don't have cap room.
D.Wagner85::You shoudl look at the Bucks roster from 05-11, this team is lightyears better, and we had 3 playoff teams in that stretch.  We add a low post scorer, and an athletic wing who can shoot, and this team can contend in the East.
panther4406::This team is not going to contend.
FORKWDEVIL::Gay and Harden would be a lethal duo but I am curious how much it would take to get Harden.
arizonasting13::Probably cant get him... Houston just extended him. I wish though
Orange6O2::The Suns front office blew their chance at Harden
Orange6O2::I don't see Houston dealing him anytime soon
FORKWDEVIL::maybe next year.
JOE CARLS::what could have been...............................................I WISH
D.Wagner85::Are the Rockets trying to get Gay?
FORKWDEVIL::not sure. I just like that combo.
D.Wagner85::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=b9rxj7a   Bucks and Suns fans would agree, this trade would be the best thing to happen for both teams moving forward.  And it gives the Grizz what they want.
arizonasting13::Building around Dragic+Gay+ 3 1st rounders &gt; Building around Dragic+Gay+Gortat and one 1st rounder
Orange6O2::Yes
panther4406::Trade Ellis and Harris (and whoever else) to Memphis for Gay if you're Milwaukee... Don't sign Brandon Jennings. Don't sign anyone, really. Let the team suck and play Lamb and Henson and Sanders so they develop. Get good draft picks the next few years and hope for the best. That's really the only direction to go.
D.Wagner85::I disagree 100% that the Bucks are better when Udrih is in at the 1.  We look better then because Beno is running the team against other teams backups, and our backups are better.
D.Wagner85::Jennings has the talent to be a Star B like Rudy Gay, the Bucks must keep him.
panther4406::Take your blinders off. He's not improving. He's a poor shooter.
D.Wagner85::That is horribly wrong, look at his shot chart, over 50% of his misses are in the paint where he is getting fouled and not getting calls, seriously stop hating on the man, learn to control your bias, and be reasonable.
panther4406::He's not going to get his shot down. He hasn't improved at all since his rookie season as far as shooting goes.
D.Wagner85::panther4406 - No way. Volume shooters as point guards work only if the player is good at shooting. Which BJ is not.  Jennings is 23 years old, he will get his shot down, shooting is one thing that continues to get better as you progress through your career into your prime.
panther4406::The team honestly plays better when Beno Udrih is running the 1
panther4406::No way. Volume shooters as point guards work only if the player is good at shooting. Which BJ is not.
JOE CARLS::Gortat and Dudley for Gay does work financially, and we could keep all of our picks that way. I kinda like that more than giving picks up. What do u guys think?
D.Wagner85::BUT I WANT GORTAT ON THE BUCKS NOT CELTICS..............lol
JOE CARLS::he would be a great fit there for sure, the Bucks could def use him and he could still keep his starting job
D.Wagner85::I think that is the deal that will happen, but the Grizz will want to find a 3rd team to take on Gortat, which is why I got the Bucks involved.
arizonasting13::Celtics could participate
JOE CARLS::u are a smart man Mr.Wagner!!
JOE CARLS::yeah we could always find another Gortat caliber Center or use a pick to draft one later in the draft
FORKWDEVIL::Agreed. Don't let Sting try to get D-Will :)
arizonasting13::haha, I would take him.
Orange6O2::I'm always reluctant to give away picks, so I would like that. Gortat is good, but I think the Suns can get a good center in the draft.
JOE CARLS::Gortat is unhappy anyways now in Phoenix
brycelunt::The Suns should continue to lose and maybe we can get number one.  Man I love this team!
Conky Bubs::Suns fans, /delete
arizonasting13::Conky Butthole go away
FORKWDEVIL::I cannot remember the last time we considered the Bucks as a threat. I am not being mean. Just blunt.
frimpongdingdong::when we had ray allen, sam cassel and that other dude
BadgersBucksPackers::Back in our glory days with Ruben Patterson, Jake Voshkul and Dutchman.
Orange6O2::That combo would give Beasley, Wes Johnson, and PJ Tucker a run for their money.
FORKWDEVIL::BadgersBucksPackers - No. That team was championdhip material. ;-)  Nah uhh!!! prove it. link? I would have known. I am a huge NBA fan.
BadgersBucksPackers::No. That team was championdhip material. ;-)
FORKWDEVIL::your joking, right?
Conky Bubs::typical
FORKWDEVIL::should be a lottery for owners.
BadgersBucksPackers::Bucks and Suns should unite and form a superteam called the "Buns".
Orange6O2::"Sucks"
BadgersBucksPackers::Hahaha
brewcrew3_3::To bad neither team have superstars
arizonasting13::So you're telling me PJ Tucker isnt a superstar?
BadgersBucksPackers::"We beg to differ."  Larry Sanders, PJ Tucker
Conky Bubs::SUNS fans lemme ask you this then.. do you even hate the Lakers at all?  i bet not. Steve Nash plays for them brah.. LA is KEWL
FORKWDEVIL::Metta World is the nicest person ever.
arizonasting13::Just stop, you are embarrassing yourself. If I could bomb any city in the US it would be LA.
Orange6O2::Nah, I love the Lakers. I'm glad they eliminated us in 2010
Hank10593::Oh man, when Ellis decides he wants to throw bricks, he can be just as good as Kobe.
FORKWDEVIL::GIVE IT UP PHX
kevinthomas520::boooo
arizonasting13::Shabazz here we come!
FORKWDEVIL::most definately. I am even hoping we can score Jbari Parker the year after.
ChiGuy1002::9 assists for BJen? I thought Xmas was two weeks ago!
Orange6O2::The Suns could lose the rest of their games and Stern would still $@%! them over with the 15th pick.
ArizWilcat72::Been following a bet system called sportsbettingstar. I doubled my initial balance my first month and made almost $3000 my 2nd month following this system. You will find the system on the first page of google by searching for basketball betting systems.
Orange6O2::Damn, thanks. My income literally doubled as soon as I visited the site!
saralee509::nice to have a guy making  5,800.00  mill a year to dribble in his pants...  BEASLEY
brewcrew3_3::He's making 5.8 billion a year, wow that is alot
arizonasting13::Cavs- lost LBJ get number 1 pick the next year. Hornets lost CP3, get number 1 pick the next year. Suns- lost Nash, get number 1 pick the next year? Will the trend continue...
etony3314::Magic?
etony3314::D-12 got a hell of a lot more fanfare on the way out...
arizonasting13::Good point... but Nash has had a better career and meant more to PHX than D12 did to Orlando
Orange6O2::Stern hates Phoenix
arizonasting13::and we hate him, but if he gives us our first EVER number one pick I would hate him slightly less
D.Wagner85::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=b9rxj7a   Updated to take fan comments into account.  Bucks-Suns-Grizz  To me this is an ideal trade for what all 3 teams are looking for.
D.Wagner85::Check the trade again, even updated it to give you Doron lamb, he could be a solid rotation player and 3 point shooter for many years in this league.  And you keep all 3 first rounders.
JOE CARLS::i would rather give up Gortat and Dudley to keep all of our picks and add Rudy Gay
D.Wagner85::Yes I am, and Gay is a Superstar B, in this league, Gortat is a starting Center, Brown should be a 6th man at best.  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=b9rxj7a   Do that and you can save your first round picks then.  And assure a solid chance to get a top 5 pick with your own.
arizonasting13::good point, I was forgetting about picks, If we kept the picks I'd be all for it
arizonasting13::Then we have no center.
D.Wagner85::I hate how players in this league are, but you could see in his body language and willingness to rip on Scola for every mistake, he truly does want out.
panther4406::Gortat wants out.
arizonasting13::You arent taking the contracts into account... Gay's contract isn't worth giving up Gortat and Brown
D.Wagner85::O'Neal and Ekpe would play Center.  Do you honestly think you can get Gay without parting with Gortat?  The talent does not add up with the offers Suns fans are hoping for.  If anything the Bucks can send Dalembert to the Suns as a replacement.
BadgersBucksPackers::Suns fans were probobly the best fanbase to talk to so far this year.
JOE CARLS::thanks bro, def the best game chat i have been on in awhile
arizonasting13::yeah we suck so we cant be cocky, we just laugh at how bad we are and make jokes. GG
etony3314::Suns fans and Raptors fans are the only fanbases I see do that...
BadgersBucksPackers::Haha. That's what makes posting here fun.
