511marvin::lebron 1 melo 0 durant 0 kobe 5 #nuffsaid
511marvin::and before anyone brings up shaq who also finished with less rings thank kobe i think you should read this http://espn.go.com/blog/los-angeles/lakers/post/_/id/23766/shaq-calls-kobe-the-greatest-laker-of-all-time
spektical11::great game. started wretched ended on a high note. only the best players could do that.
steve tellers::I am guessing the officials gave the Lakers this game, as they do so often. Am I correct????????????
LoveForSportsAllDay::Lebron averages 6 free throws per game &amp; kobe averages 8.5... But lebron draws more fouls huh haters? LOL
Hunt0123::you can draw fouls without going to the free throw line its called getting fouled...
alaker24::9/20=45% shooting 10/20=50%shooting Stats are misleading...that's just 1 shot that makes a huge difference
Hunt0123::Stats are misleading. Kobe does take about 40 shots per game, but when he is fouled, which happens often, the shot attempt does not show up in the box score. In this game he did not draw many fouls leading to the shot attempts being counted in the box score. This all being said Howard does take about 30 shots a game too, or at least tries to, but when he gets fouled the shot attempt does not show up. People need to stop freaking out about this 41 shot game by Kobe, it is not as bad as they think.
stormshadow2377::thats why lebrons fg pct looks way better than it is. not only does he take a bunch of easy shots but he also draws a lot of fouls. he draws way more fouls per game than kobe does
lifan36::I dont really give a schyt what the idiot Lebron lovers say.  Kobe is a better player then Lebrick.  Kobe in his prime is clearly better then Lebron now.  If Lebron was so good he would get an all star to go to Cleveland and win one there like he promised.  He said himself that he can't do it so he decided to join Wade who is a proven winner.  All of the greats stuck it out and won on their team.  They did not join another team.  Kobe won with 2 different teams all with the Lakers.  I will guarantee you Lebron will never come close to 30, 5,5 when he is 34 years old.  No one in NBA history has even done 25, 5, 5, at 17th year into the league.  That longevity is what you call greatness.
ZEEKERINI::Jay, my comment wasn't aimed at you.  It was in reference to people downplaying how great of a player Kobe is/was.
Jaythisandjaythat::No problem. I agree. I can't knock Kobe. He's a bad man. He's showing how great he is to be doing this at his age. My only hope for him is to turn this team into a contender. He's been holding the fort until this team gets healthy so lets see what these guys can do when they get at full strength.
Jaythisandjaythat::ummm... lifan was throwing out stats to serve his purpose. All I am saying is you can't knock Lebron's game or Shaq's for that matter. If I wanted to throw out stats, I would have put Shaq's playoff stats on for the three-peat, which brought him the MVP awards, if I am not mistaken.  You can talk Kobe w/out trying to bring another player down.
lifan36::When did I talk Shaq down?  I'm simply saying it Shaq's MVP were circumstantial.  If lets say the finals was one of the WCF against the Spurs or Kings, it could have easily been Kobe getting one of those MVPs.   When I say Shaqs stats were bloated, his 38pt finals is only because he was guarded 1-1 by a guy like Kenyon Martin or Rik Smits.
ZEEKERINI::lifan, I've been stressing what you said for years!!  These cats on here don't look at the whole picture.  They just wanna throw around stats to serve their purpose.  During the first 3-peat, Kobe took over down the stretches of games, as teams went to hack-a-shaq.
Jaythisandjaythat::Two great players, two very different players. Lebron is more of the Magic type guy the way he plays. Kobe, more of the Jordan type in the way he plays.
Jaythisandjaythat::Lebron career playoff stats: 28.5 pts, 8.7 reb., 6.7 ast. And that's his average. Come on man. No matter what you say, Lebron still has stuff to work on and he's killing. Have we even seen Lebron in his full prime yet? He may be just entering that last year.
Jaythisandjaythat::Nice comments lifan36 but you should really not try to bring Kobe up by trying to bring down Shaq, saying he had bloated stats. They could say the same thing the other way around. As for Lebron, two totally different players. Lebron has sick career averages in playoffs and regular season. The only thing you can knock on him is the leaving of Cleveland, which I thought was weak, but that was his choice.   Lets keep it real. The only thing that separates Lebron from Kobe and Jordan is the killer instinct thing. Lebron is a gentle giant and boy if he had that edge on his game, scariest player ever.
lifan36::If you need proof just listen to what Durant and Stephen A said in the last 2 months.  Kobe is the best player I've seen in my life  -Durant  I'd take a prime Kobe over a prime Lebron any day. -Stephen A  (aka lebron lover)
dwyaneFlashFinalsMVPwade::well lebron is only 1 Finals MVP behind...
dwyaneFlashFinalsMVPwade::doesn't matter. shaq doubled kobe's production in the finals. they're sidekick rings, and thats that. shaq is the only player other than jordan to win 3 straight finals MVPs. that speaks volumes.  wow i didnt read the bloated stats thing til now... you are clearly way too obsessed with kobe... shaq won a season MVP and scoring title during that time, ur acting like kobe was the best player on the lakers.. smh another kobetard
lifan36::You know when Lakers won the 3 years Kobe was the top  scorer in 2 of the  Western Conference Finals right?  That was the real finals.  Against the Spurs and Kings Kobe averaged more points then Shaq.  Shaq won finals MVP cause in the east there were no legit bigs defending him resulting in the bloated stats. As matter of fact in 2001 playoffs Kobe averaged 29.4 pts, 6 rbs, 6 assists which were better numbers then Shaq.
lakers2013champzsss::^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
fastfootedone::Steve Nash
seemoney15::34 points off of 41 shots... yep sounds about right
Jumeax::Danny Green  25 pts of 10 shots Zero FTA, Kobe 34pts off 41 shots  0/1 FT
slikwatts101::he didnt get to the line once, the refs were a joke last night, so many no calls and then calling dwight on ticky tac b.s.
Hunt0123::People who say that the refs only bail out Kobe obviously do not watch him play.
Jumeax::GS had one more FT, So the refs didnt Bail out Bryant  choke on it
TheGodKnownAsKobettaWorldBryant::Lakers are 1-0 when Kobe shoots 40+ times
xmanfolife::Love how Klay  got abused n the 4th by Metta....nice to see.
xmanfolife::Kobe w/ 17yrs n the game...can shoot all he wants....he's helped bring home jewelry, he gets a forever pass n my book.  Besides it's a team game.....Lakers will get it together one way or another.  Just not sure about D'Antoni.....he's suspect when it comes to utilizing talent.  He better get it together by the end of next yr.....
DerekPHX::If you fit into Dantoni's system, he makes you look much better than you are.  See Boris Diaw and leandro Barbosa's contracts
Hunt0123::Barbosa has got some skill
FTLakerFan::and Kobe throwing up 41 shots is simply laughable
Black_mamba30000::Thing is, it takes tremendous amount of talent to shoot 41 times, lebron and Durant don't have the skill set to get that many looks by themselves
Pearson_ofsaa::hes the leading scorer cause he takes 41 shots ... If lebron or Durant took the same volume of shots they'd score just as much
LAndOfTroyfan1::I'm sick of him taking way too many shots...pis$e$ me off!
xmanfolife::He's the leading scorer n the NBA...plus he's a shooting guard, that's what he does....it's what he's been doing for the last 17yrs.  U want him to change?  It's a little too late for that.....
jimmiesjonesen::Who are you one of  those arrogant Laker fans who think's LA should win like the showtime teams of the 80's!!!!Magic,Kareem,Worthy and Byron Scott are way better than Kobe has ever had on his 5 championship teams and you still harp on what?
FTLakerFan::Last night was a win, but thats about as far as I will go, defense still sucked, and Damtoni still doesnt have a clue how to use these guys, but a win is a win, but excuse me if I'm not that enthusiastic about a team with the players that this team has that is not even playing 500 ball yet.  This whole season is a joke, and Im sick of being told wait for Nash, or its still early, this team has serious problems and a season that looked so promising is now looking more and more like a nightmare.
xmanfolife::Man has jewelry......he gets a pass every time.  Lakers r the one franchise n the league when it's all said &amp; done is gonna b alright....will do whatever it takes to bring home more hardware...enough said.
LAndOfTroyfan1::My favorite one is "It's a process", or "It's a matter of executing".. Kobe is part of the problem...Takes way too many fuckken shots, all these  Kobe ballhuggers are so blind...He has failed to be a leader, set the  example, play like a team and fuckk all that "My team bull$h!t" can't  always try to take over games..takes too many ill advised shots...way  too many... If this is your team set the example and play like a team and not tune out all your teammates...cries way too much for fouls.. and disrupts the team I think.
Hunt0123::If Kobe's teammates are making the shots he will give them the ball. If his teammates are throwing up bricks or not playing competitive he is going to take over. Would you have it any different? If his teammates are missing the shots would you still want him to pass it to them simply for the sake of passing?
Pawel4737::Lakers good win and please Kobe Bryant shoot the ball less then 18 times
jimmiesjonesen::You know why he's been shooting more?Because when he was playing better earlier in the year (over 50% shooting)people said when Kobe scores 30 or more the Lakers lose!!!NOW HE IS SHOOTING MORE AND MAKING LESS BUT THEY ARE WINNING AND YOUR TALKIN ABOUT WHAT?!!!!!?!!!!!!!!
lifan36::winning has nothing to do with  Kobe taking 20 shots or less.  Has to do with how many shots other people make.  Kobe was not getting enough help before.  Now that MWP is stepping up and Nash back, Kobe will have enough help.  Dwight needs to learn to stay on the floor.
xmanfolife::Lakers r all about winning...not about who takes the most shots, that's stupid thinking.
LoveForSportsAllDay::LOL You gotta love kobe fanboy thinking
xo_da_legend::when will people realize. KB is the lakers starting and backup shooting guard. :)
kobepac24::Last night was a great win for us. By no means was it pretty and no one player should take 41 shot. But this was their 3rd game together ( with nash ) so its work in progress.
Qzhoopin20::More than anything else last night, I was encouraged by the heart the Lakers showed, by not packing it in when they fell behind by 14 in the 2nd half. I also think Kobe got fouled on at least 9 or 10 of those FG attempts...but for some reason couldn't get a call.  Anyway...the "W" was nice.
xmanfolife::Word..
Qzhoopin20::There are only 4 shooting guards in the NBA shooting a better FG% than Kobe.  The only one over 50% is D-Wade. 2 others, Jared Dudley &amp; Ray Allen, don't even play 30 minutes a game. My point is that 47% is not as horrible as people keep making it out to be. Everyone keeps saying James Harden is "KILLING" this year, but he's shooting 44%.
BossForDays::How about you go tell Kobe he shoots to much and see if he cares what you have to say.   The guy is an all-time great and he can throw up 50 shots for all I care.  As long as they win its all good.
jimmiesjonesen::Wade is the exception because he only shoots shots he thinks he can make!Kobe will shoot it from anywhere at anytime from any angle so that's why he shoots a lower percentage!
Qzhoopin20::I'm not endorsing nor encouraging any 47% shooter to take 41 shots, but you take what the defense allows and what the game dictates. Kobe's biggest attribute as a pro basketball player is SCORING. That is a proven....17 years don't lie. Howard's FG attempts are distorted by the frequency that he gets fouled in the act...those shots never showing up as FG attempts. Gasol acts like he's afraid to play in the post. In a perfect world, your bigs get more shots, but in the meantime, I'll take the "W" last night.
LoveForSportsAllDay::OK here is what I want you to do. Go to the ESPN basketball section &amp; go to the stats section  &amp; look up field goal percentages. Notice how it is all Centers &amp; power forwards (except Lebron). Now the reason it is like that is because those positions get a higher percentage shot selection. Yes kobe is very talented for a SG however he is taking away those high % shots from the bigs.  Get it?
Qzhoopin20::Going a step further, to include all wing players, there are only 6 small forwards shooting over 50%, even though they typically play a little closer to the basket. Of those 6, the only ones that really matter to anybody are Lebron and Durant. 50% shooting is a nice goal to shoot for, but it just doesn't happen that often, unless you're a big right under the goal, posting up on every touch, or getting lobs or off. rebound putbacks. (i.e. Chandler).
Defy Shady::After watch the game last night Gasol wasnt a main factor and still won? I still think he will be gone by the end of allstar break. Good win for the lakers tho
Defy Shady::Gasol is just to slow we need an athletic PF. For example someone like Jason Thompson, Thomas Robinson, Lamarcus Someone who can play both ends of the court. I would like 2 see a 3 way trade between Kings, Wolves, Lakers.
Vaev::Pau need atleast an ounce of strength when he's playing in an NBA front court....
Keen7135::Gasol cannot be effective if someone is taking 41 shots. That just won't cut it
xo_da_legend::Pau's turnovers came when he passed up OPEN short jumpers
Qzhoopin20::Gasol is too passive and way too willing to always give the ball up. He's out of excuses right about now.
Qzhoopin20::Everyone keeps saying "the Lakers have a ton of talent"...then follow up by saying "Kobe is not that good", not to mention that their PG has only played 2 1/2 games this season....and Gasol was out for a while too. The Lakers have talent, just like every other team in the west, but let's not get carried away.
Jaythisandjaythat::that's ok... what would be the difference?
xo_da_legend::^^^^ Hater. Kobe passes the ball as much as any other 2 guard. When they make shots... he ends up with 10 assists. When they miss .... he ends up with 5.  You should ask Kobe to play point guard instead of shooting guard.
Keen7135::They have two All Stars. They should not be a below 500 team. Period. Kobe refuses to involve others in the offense. That is their main problem. Going past MJ on the socring charts is more important to him. Sick and tired of him already
ZJapan::So when Kobe does poorly and other team members get chances to touch the ball, the Lakers win...huh...that theory makes sense after all.  Kobe is the reason the Lakers lose.
dubcee333::people act like Kobe HAS to put up 41 shots to get 30 points...you clearly have blinders on...kobe is shooting nearly 50%....41 shots is an anomaly
Qzhoopin20::There are only 4 shooting guards in the NBA shooting a better FG% than Kobe.  The only one over 50% is D-Wade. The other 2...DUdley and Mayo don't even play 30 minutes a game. My point is that 47% is not as horrible as people keep making it out to be. Everyone keeps saying James Harden is "KILLING" this year, but he's shooting 44%
dubcee333::who else shoots as much as kobe shooting 47%? even lebron has Wade and shooters around to soften the defense. lebron is also in his prime...lebron is great, but that doesnt make kobe less great.  "kobrick is shooting 47%" - do you see any irony in that statement? lol
Hunt0123::It is certainly looking like he will this year
scabbfan::And kobe will NEVER shoot 47% for the season &amp; never has.
xo_da_legend::It would be better if you compared Mayo to Kobe. Its about position too ;) LBJ only takes 2 3's per game. Kobe takes nearly 6
scabbfan::kobrick is shooting .471% &amp;  heading down quickly. Lebron is shooting .542%  kobe shooting     37% 3's Lebron shooting 44% 3's
Hunt0123::I'm sorry but you cannot put "brick" into someone's name if they are shooting 50%... You are only embarrassing yourself by saying so.
83Devin::Who cares that kobe was 16-41, he hit clutch shots when it counted and THE LAKERS WON THE DAMN GAME!!! You people are absolutely pathetic.
Nawknai::Letting Kobe shoot 41 shots, and winning, is like swimming with an anchor tied to your foot.    Even if you manage to do so, why the $@%! would you want to?
Hunt0123::What does that even mean?
scabbfan::lakers won DESPITE kobe. Gee, do you think this is why lakers have a LOSING RECORD with the most talent in the nba??
rk2208::idiot
dubcee333::the lakers regular bench players already suck...they have been playing their 3rd and 4th point guard for 27 games..= under 500...not because of kobe
xo_da_legend::Kobe will shoot 41 shots about as often as Jared Jack drops 30 and 10.
Qzhoopin20::So....if the Lakers won despite Kobe's 16/41, does that mean the Warriors lost because of Curry &amp; Thompson's combined 14/39??? Let me know...
xo_da_legend::No... i think the record has a lot to do with not having very good point guard in a point guard dictated offensive scheme.
83Devin::exactly they got the win, who cares.
Qzhoopin20::Kobe took 41 shots!!!!!!  Kobe scored over 30 points!!!! ....Oh, wait a minute.....the Lakers won...never mind...
flucytosine::Good win by the Lakers, happy for them. But if anyone really thinks Kobe should be putting up 41 shots at this point of his career.. well, that's just ignorance.
Qzhoopin20::I'm not saying you don't pay attention to the details, win or lose, but I am saying that Kobe taking 41 shots is not a concern because he's not gonna normally take that many shots, just like I know Jarrett Jack is not gonna shoot 13/19 next time they play. But in the meantime, if I win the game, I'm not killing myself worrying about the stats like most of the fools in here.
flucytosine::Lol how can you say nothing else really matters? Do you think the Lakers will keep pulling out enough wins like this with Kobe shooting more shots than he should be? Do you really WANT to be grinding out games like this? There's a ton of talent on this team. They shouldn't be struggling to make clutch plays to close out games like they have been all season long (and failing way too often). And part of the reason they're often in this situation is because Kobe is playing inefficient basketball. If you deny that's a problem, then again.. just ignorant.
Vaev::TL;DR. go away
Qzhoopin20::Anybody with a lick of basketball sense knows that Kobe is not gonna take 41 shots very often. Some games dictate certain trends. In the end...if the Lakers had lost last night, Kobe's stats would look a whole lot worse...but THEY WON!!! Nothing else really matters...
xo_da_legend::About 7 or 8 of those field goal attempts... Kobe should have been shooting free throws. You don't put up 41 shots (many of them at the rim) over 5 periods of play and not get to the free-throw line 1 single time. I call bull---t  I'm actually very happy with that Lakers win. It showed they could pull a game out even during extreme adversity. Thats the sign of a championship caliber team.
xo_da_legend::I laugh at anyone who thinks that Curry, Jack or Thompson could hold Kobe below 40% shooting thru 5 quarters without fouling.   If you're using that to gauge Kobe's effectiveness this season... you're delusional.
xo_da_legend::Had Kobe gotten even 3 or 4 calls... the game would have been very different. The warriors had NO foul trouble at all. Where the lakers were in foul trouble most of the night.
Qzhoopin20::The way I look at it....Curry/Thompson shot 14/39 = 36%....... Kobe shot 16/41 = 39%.  YOU decide who had the worst shooting night!!
Qzhoopin20::People that are blinded by whatever Kobe does individually, lose sight of what really happened last night: 1 - The Lakers finally showed some heart on the road against a good team that plays very well at home. 2 - Nash played much better than expected, after a long layoff 3 - Overcoming a 2nd half 14-point deficit at Oakland doesn't happen every  night! 4 - In those 41 FG attempts, Kobe did manage to hit a couple of big shots downt the stretch 5 - Metta &amp; Hill were especially effective on both ends of the court 6 - On the other side...David Lee deserves to make the All-Star team!!!
pointgod6882::Kobe is past his prime, everything is on the decline; scoring 30 used to be easy for him..
Qzhoopin20::Scoring 30 used to mean a Lakers loss was guaranteed too, right??
Qzhoopin20::Hahaha!! When the Lakers win, you hating fools focus on Kobe "the ballhog"...but when they lose, you focus on "every time Kobe scores &gt;30 the Lakers lose"!!!!!
Jaythisandjaythat::Either way, he's hogging the ball... the wins are not coming at a great pace, you know...
scabbfan::kobe only does what he needs to agrandize himself. kobe is becoming a joke trying to pad his scoring so much, like an aging used up floozy putting on tooo much makeup &amp; thinking she looks great.   lols
Qzhoopin20::The Lakers have a lot of talent when everyone is healthy, for sure!! But when you play most of your season with the dreaded Duhon/Morris PG combo, I don't think you're gonna be mistaken for a title contender.
Qzhoopin20::Did you say the Lakers "LOST",....or that they "ALMOST LOST"?????
Qzhoopin20::OK...Kobe took waaaayyy too many shots last night. But the bigger stat is that THE LAKERS WON THE GAME!! Which fact is more important?? 41 FG attempts or A WIN???  Let me know....
rk2208::idiot
scabbfan::most important: lakers almost lost in what should have been a blow out because of kobrick padding his stats. Lakers have losing record with most talent in nba because of kobe.
--L.A LAKERS DODGERS--::BALL HOG= GREATNESS
GoFlyers2012::Kobe = ball hog
--L.A LAKERS DODGERS--::HAHAHAHAHA YOU SLURPER HATERS ARE STILL SLURPING.LOL
dash2k4::It must really feel like Christmas for Kobe. A PG who distributes the ball to him only, and a coach who cowers to his wishes. If D'Antoni had brains and balls, he would have actually designed plays that got everyone involved. If you're just going to play 1-on-5, who needs a coach? It's obvious Mike D likes his job and cares less about things like "success" and "postseason advancement."
GoFlyers2012::Nash has this team running on all cylinders.
dash2k4::No, he just increased Kobe's shot count.
dash2k4::"It's easy. It's very easy. It's beyond easy," Bryant said about playing with Nash.  And it took 41 shot attempts to escape with a win over GS. I guess it's easy when you get all the shots. If Nash had passed to Howard that many times, Kobe would have called for a restructuring of the offense.
bankerelm::kobe pass the damn ball.
elibird54321::Kobe was 16 for 41. Missed a lot of close range shots. He had an off shooting night, but he still shot a higher percentage than Gasol, Curry &amp; Thompson Plus he hit big shots down the stretch &amp; scored 7 of their 10 points in OT. 34 Points for the win, haters.
Qzhoopin20::Most players aren't good enough to even take 41 FG attempts
Mambaholic 33::Like anyone else had a chose...than again Nash-WP did hit the biggest shoot to send it o/t again
dash2k4::It took 41 shots to score 34? Big deal. Any bench player in the league could do that. Your blindness is hilarious... no, it's pathetic.
elibird54321::Yeah, like Kobe's big 3 pointer and the 7 points he had in the 4th didn't count.. You haters crack me up......lol ;)
elibird54321::Mambaholic 33 - Thank you... Phil-Shaq-Horry-Arisa-Bynum-Gasol-Odom ******************* I guess Kobe was riding the pine, huh?.....lol
Mambaholic 33::When they made there run last night, and first two season Yes!
elibird54321::Huh? What you just wrote makes no sense.
ron4317::Kobe is also chasing another record:  Most FG attempts in NBA history  1.  Kareem, 28,307 FGA 2. Karl Malone, 26,210 FGA 3.  Michael Jordan, 24,537 FGA 4. Elvin Hayes, 24,272 FGA 5. John Havlicek, 23,930 FGA 6.  Wilt Chamberlain, 23,497 FGA 7. Kobe Bryant, 23,286 FGA
xo_da_legend::Kobe Came of the bench his first couple of years too. ;)
lakerPLS13::Your point is?? Jordan played 15 years and he's 3rd all time, imagine if he would have play 17 years like Kobe is playing he would have rank 1st by far.. Kobe has been in the league for 17 years and still got couple more to go.. Of course he's gonna have a lot of field goals cuz he's a franchise player HOF to be.. The only there who's play more is Kareem 20years..
lakerPLS13::Malone played 19 years..
elibird54321::And Malone. You also want to talk about all the shots KB24 has taken? Look how many shots Jordan took in just 15 years!
Terry 1953::This just in, Lakers are moving back to Minnesota, GOOD RIDDANCE
elibird54321::Just in: Dumb comment of the day.
blacbird3::Wassup with the nitpicking? Lets talk about the clutch shots he hit in crunch time.. Lets talk about only player in history at 34 or older with 8 straight 30 pt games
tom bradys ugg::only this board isnt about lebron its about the lakers so... irrelevant
JETS_CLEMSON4LIFE::same could be said bout tha lebron haters..wrks both ways
SeaDog73::No way......it's much easier for haters to just hate and spew trash than to say anything good.    It's the way the world works now........and it's pathetic.
SportsNation113::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29svRGsw1hk
etmiller7::both of these were offensive fouls (if they were actually called). Although pau is very weak as a defender.
TheRealB.Young::kobe is garbage
Blakemg1::Your mom
TheRealB.Young::kobe is a snitch
Mcl080::if you watch the game, the 41 shot attempts on kobes part is actually a pretty bogus stat, he took ONE, ONLY ONE free throw, which is crazy, the Lakers as a team shot 14, the Warriors 15, IN THE WHOLE GAME. the refs were letting everything go, theres easily 10 shot attempts on kobes part that wouldnt have counted as such bc they were shooting fouls, dwight seemed to be the only one getting called for anything.
TheRealB.Young::excuses excuses
blacbird3::Lakers won man.. Seems like you haters are making shallow comments
SportsNation113::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Z6OQHlKl3E
SportsNation113::LOB CITY
SportsNation113::Lakers are still not better then the Clippers and we still own LA
jakpovon::Let  them know SeaDog
SeaDog73::The Cippers are a good team and they having a good year, but cool it with the "we still own LA" talk.  The Clips have NEVER owned LA and still don't.   They got a better record right now, but that is all you can say about them.   They have like 2 or 3 playoff series wins EVER in their history.   The Clips don't own a thing.
Aint Bout Dis Life::the 41 field goal attempts isnt the surprising stat, i just cant believe he had 5 assists........
Mambaholic 33::That's what they said last two seasons...Than again you would have experience in not getting past second round   We need more help!!!!!
Mambaholic 33::Mad????   Last time i look Mia was 18-6 and didn't spend 100M and still void of dominated Big man
blacbird3::Yep just as I thought an insecure heat fan.. You want get past the knicks
blacbird3::You mad bro that your mighty heat lost to warriors at the last sec?
Mambaholic 33::Thank you... Phil-Shaq-Horry-Arisa-Bynum-Gasol-Odom
Mambaholic 33::All the systems end up being the same...Kobe shooting the ball 2 or 3 times as much as anyone on the court with him  "Hero ball" system
elibird54321::Hero ball....lol what are you a Doc Rivers parrot?
blacbird3::The hero has 5 rings
HOLLOW51386::10 REBS AS WELL. IM A LAKERS FAN AND 41 ATTEMPTS IS RIDICULOUS
nba is the worst::Not a lot - it's the 'Antoni system we're talking about
Aint Bout Dis Life::i didnt get to watch the game but how many were forced shots?
