xtsmith34x::Irving and varejao &gt;&gt; rondo and garnett
BostonHerald::The CELTICS suck......
1260danny::ddddddddddddddddddddddddd
1260danny::dddddddddddddddddddddddd
1260danny::dddddddddddddddd
1260danny::ddddddddddddd
1260danny::ddddddddddddddddddddd
1260danny::dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
1260danny::ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
1260danny::ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
1260danny::dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
1260danny::dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
1260danny::dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
1260danny::eedddddddddddddddddd
1260danny::ddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
1260danny::dddddddddddddddddddd
1260danny::ddddddddddddddddddd
1260danny::ddddddddddddddddddddddd
1260danny::dddddddddddddddddddddd
1260danny::saddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
coltranesteelkirt::As a lifelong Celtics fan, i have no problem losing to the Cavs.  They've had our number for years, and are simply way better than us, and Cleveland is a better city than Boston, so i can't hate on that.
MMoney0021::Time to blow this thing up.....move Green, Sullinger, Bradley, Melo and a future first round pick to Sacramento for Cousins, Evans, and a salary dump like Aaron Brooks.
BostonCsFTW::rondo one of the best percentage shooters (pgs) and the only reason he is turning it over is cause his team is doing nothing he is trying hard or forcing passes so his teammates can get hot but its not doing well noone can shoot consistentily
BostonCsFTW::bradley needs to rest and take care of himself who plays with bruised ribs
natanognikrow::It is time for the C's to part ways with PP and possibly KG. They need to use their speed to their advantage, but this means trading these two guys.
natanognikrow::agreed
YogaBeer::As sad as it is to see older players that were once great, become a couple of players that HAVE to play dirty to try and compete.   They don't want to give int to the reality that their time has come and gone.    Stick with those two as your go to guys and the Cs will only get worse.    e.g. Lakers
AlexK1010::i just sucked a really fat dick. during this time im was thinking about how i love the cavs. i wish we were better. i started imagining kyrie stroking my $@%! like he strokes it on the court. the thought immeditely made me hard as a rock.... the thought of the cavs turned to thoughts about $@%. i said in my head "what will it take for this guy to bust his load deep in my buthole. he got up and grabed the jelly and started to lube it up!!!! we !$@%!$ all night... I came on multiple occasion... anyway go cavs!!!!
_I Am A Celtic_::Is this xui li?
Thomas_89::ewwww $@%!$ you gay
mikeyp2307::wut
Devinhuelsmann::Irving had a carrer game and deserves credit but honestly i think Rondo deserves as much credit. look at his stats 17, 13, 8. 13 rebounds for any player (let alone a pg) is a good night. i mean come on he was 2 assist away from a triple double. i give credit where credit is earned
YogaBeer::This was an outstanding game.    HOwever, it wasn't a career game.    As much as the Cs don't want to admit it, the Rondo, Bradley duo don't have an answer for Kyrie.    When Waiters finds a more consistent game, it'll be the Cavs counting rings.
BostonCsFTW::hes one of the best percentage shooters ( pgs) and trys to help his team he doesnt usually turn it over but his team isnt doing well he is just forcing things
TheBrownestBob::Ya, Rondo deserves credit for blatantly giving Irving 2 pts off a turnover and carrying the ball over midcourt.  Because that's what All-Stars do.  BTW, 7-17 for 17pts doesn't garner much recognition.
Thomas_89::tf up bra i would take irving over  rondo any day you know kyrie isnt coming in the game turning the ball ofver plus  at any givin time
I should be working right now::If you think Irving is good, you should meet his Uncle Drew. He's a real baller.
DNY-DC28::Irving&gt;Rondo
alexj26602::u really wnt to go there
Thomas_89::yeah rondo sucks if irving was hurt he would have rondos spot for the all-star game
Donnie Walsh::Celts are shopping Pierce - will take back expiring contract and picks !!!
hooverfbman55::its good to see that Cleveland is doing so well again this year. The great city of Cleveland never disappoints me
hooverfbman55::good one
BannedForWhatReason::Just like your old lady doesn't disappoint all the guys at the local tavern.
Dave6673::Pierce's poor performance aside, tell me how you win when your starting center gets 5 rebounds and goes 0-5 in the second half? ZERO BASKETS!!! Was KG's nap at halftime not long enough????
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::KG is old and tired.
jeditig::I actually dont mind the Cavs season and them ending up with a Top 3 pick again.  Irving is a stud and will be the best PG within 2 years.  Andy will be back at the #4.  Waiters is OK at best.  They need to swing a trade and draft to upgrade their 3-4 positions.
Dengue-Fever::Damn Boston..you guys are just straight stinking it up...Patriots &amp; Celts SUUUCK!!
bostonceltics344::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=apen3yv  this might work for a trade
_I Am A Celtic_::dreaming
influenced u3::trade everyone and start rebuilding... anyone that thinks this team is championship caliber is crazy
Foolsvote4Obama::Did you see Rondo's defense on Irving in that last highlight clip? PAAAAATHETIC!
YogaBeer::For the most part of the game, Bradley was "guarding" Irving, but that wasn't working out either.
goRedSox4champs::I didn't see the game.  Why wasn't Bradley guarding Irving?
Foolsvote4Obama::This whole team sucks right now. But how on earth to you expect to win when the Jet only takes 5 shots? He and Avery must equal what Ray put up or there is no reason for him to be on this team.
Spoofen::Waiters is really stinking it up, what the heck is wrong with him?
Spoofen::hi shot selection could be more awesome.
1mproperDancing::Waiters has played well in about half his games in January.  He's a typical inconsistent rookie.  He'll score 30 one night on 50% shooting and single digits on 25% the next.
_I Am A Celtic_::rookie wall
with Perez we trust::Jon Leur never played for the Cavs, is now off for Ellington, Speights, and Seby
fuqet::Doc should of played Barbosa and Wilcox. They both would have been instant energy and offense off the bench. He defenitly needs to play Barbosa as much if not more than Terry.
scott23cavs::Word association.  You say Rondo.  I say  http://constructionforchange.org/wp-content/uploads/bricks1.jpg
Crooklynism::NBA champion Luke Walton is taking this team over the top!
Dirty-Diaper::KI is by far the best PG in the NBA. He has the best shot, best handle while moving at max speed and he can finish strong at the basket.
AuneFire33::D Rose:  rook: 16.8pts/3.9rbs/6.3ast/.8stl soph: 20.8pts/3.8rbs/6.0ast/.7stl  Kyrie: rook: 18.5pts/3.7rbs/5.4ast/1.1stl soph: 23.7pts/3.6rbs/5.7ast/1.8stl  Im taking Kyrie all day. Both players are top notch but Kyrie has handles like no other and he has proven already to be more clutch than many veterans.
I_love_brew::As usual, Parker gets no love.
rainmaker2007::I forgot about him. Fastest of the bunch, pain in the neck for Knicks fans.
rainmaker2007::If a PG wins the assist title he'll make one of the all- NBA teams. Doesn't that make him top 3 PG or top 6 guards?  In this case, Rondo is in that group..
Atl_Yank::Looks like someone forgot about Chris Paul.
rainmaker2007::CP3
FTOWN215::D will isnt top 5
rainmaker2007::Fair enough. Lol!
rainmaker2007::Wait. You just put him ahead of D.Rose, CP3, R.Westbrook, and D.Williams. Wow! You must be an unbiased Cavs fan.
coltranesteelkirt::Rose is done.
ronron99322::I don't think kyrie is gonna get his wish and play alongside Kobe, he's gonna have to settle for D12. Lol
35mikey1313::Maybe LBJ in 2 yrs. here in Miami they think it can happen
rainmaker2007::When the Cavs played the Knicks at MSG Irving had 41 and Cleveland would have won that game if the clock hadn't run out. The Knicks had NO answer for him. This guy is the real deal.
35mikey1313::That's why every team loses! Game has to end sometime! JeeZ
pyskatyskurwiel::Rondo - most overrated stat padder in NBA
hyungjoon88::wut a moron hahaha how can you both say the best player in the league to be overrated? hahaha smh. In a clutch situation, LBJ performs better than kobrick and check the state u idiots.
rainmaker2007::Are you saying he'd pass up an open shot to get an assist? Maybe he has no confidence in his shot.
ronron99322::Maybe he's a football plyr with a very avg game and delusional on his physical abilities to dominate, why do u think he rather pass up the ball, I don't think it has to do with his confidence. Durant wade Kobe melo etc can put up numbers like nothing while Lebron needs to hustle it up.
ronron99322::Lebron?
secondfh::I'm not the biggest Lebron fan, but are you kidding me? He's the best player in the league and there's not really a debate.
rainmaker2007::Kobe?
Dwayne_Johnson23::I like it more when we win
robert3711::please tell me you are not from Florida
goBOSTON1011::What are they doing out there??
LetsPlayScRyB::oh snap boston lost.........LLLLLEBROOONNNNNNNNNNN JAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
