Lintard::We Lintards are so obnoxious that we flood the Rocket’s message panel with our love a fare with Jeremy Lin no matter how unwarranted this may be. We’re not even Rocket Fans just Lin supporters who only watch the Rockets just to follow Lin.   Every win is credited to Jeremy Lin while all loses are the fault of: James Harden, Patrick Beverley, Dwight Howard and the Rockets incompetent head in coach Kevin McHale. Even thou Jeremy Lin is not worthy of his star status and we continue to flood the All Star ballot box so we can rob a more deserving player of his spot on the All Star Team.   Carmelo Anthony was the reason why our man Lin was chased out of New York. This was unjustified!   If you dislike Jeremy Lin for any reason this must mean; that you’re an African American racist. Any criticism of Lin, no matter how well deserved, we will reply with angry responses.
jack::This year, Lin is not the Linsanity I used to know. he changed ever since he signed with Rockets. Last year he was learning how to play with Harden and the new system under McHale. He struggled from time to time. He thought once he worked extremely hard during offseason to get better and hoped McHale would see it so hopefully he would get a better role this year. But no, his role on this team got even smaller this year that he had to begin the season from being the sixth man and the benchwarmer in the 4th quarter. He never said a word to question coach's decision. He is still trying really hard to do whatever to help his team. It's clearly that Lin does not fit in McHale's system. The organization of Rockets know it, but it's hard for them to trade Lin because of the market and because of Lin's contract.  I am Lin's fan, i know he has much room to improve and even though he doesn't crossover like CP, doesn't shoot well like Curry or explosive as John Wall, his style of playing is much pure much more passionate and more fun. Let Lin be Linsanity, and hopefully there is another coach has faith in him and just the kid play.
Jeffrey::lol what the hell!? what's the matter with you guys typing up so many posts about Lin? both haters and irrational fans? what matters for Rockets' fans is that Houston won by 21,  for the player/stats oriented fans, Howard, Harden, Beverley, Parsons, Lin, DMo, and Casspi all had good (or at least solid) games.  the team seems to have played a good overall game  if Lin makes a major mistake in crunch time, feel free to criticize with a rational mind. same thing goes for the coaching staff and anyone else on the team Honestly, real Rockets fans just care about the W
Uan theTruth::As an analyst, I see SAC needing to change up the defense.The guards are the main problem. McLemore has been less than stellar, Thomas does not played defense, Thornton has been a non contributor,  The professor is correct
D. Darqwon::Where did all these white trailer trash honkies steal their computers.
Uan theTruth::As an analyst, I see SAC needing to change up the defense.The guards are the main problem. McLemore has been less than stellar, Thomas does not played defense, Thornton has been a non contributor, The professor is correct
Professor::As a former coach, now analyst of the NBA, I still see the biggest problem with SAC is the misuse of players. Thomas, McLemore continue to be beat on the defensive end. Thornton continues to be unimpressive this year.
poyman::What an exciting game... Kings come down and miss or get their shot blocked and then the Rockets come down and Howard is intentionally fouled and we watch a multi-millionaire all-pro miss foul shots all night.
Kevin::What the heck happened to Cousins? Like my fantasy team needs more injuries!
D. Darqwon::A nice win for the Rockets against a squad that had their number earlier. I like the team's energy and attitude since the return of Patrick Beverley, especially after having struggled against lesser teams recently.  The team is getting healthier and you are seeing the results.  They have an interesting stretch coming up including a back to back "home & home" against Memphis this weekend followed by a back to back against San Antonio and Dallas.  I look forward to seeing how the team responds.  Go Rox!!!
