Rambomonster9::Stop shooting 3's rudy.  you suck BAD. 4-30 in the past 6 games.  just stop you ph. a .g
TQ9475::I had an ankle sprain in H.S. where I sprained it bad enough that the tendon pulled away from the bone and took a little piece of bone with it.  Sounds like Gallo has something similar to that.  THeyre calling it a chip fracture i believe, which is the same label they placed on my injury.  I was playing after 2 weeks of treatment and tried playing the second weeks games but couldnt cut or jump.  I imagine with top notch treatment methods he will be back after no more than 3 weeks. I wasnt 100% until the following football season.
bobbydagreat::A team that has Rudy Fernandez and Andre Miller complaining about flopping.....what will they think of next? Everyone knows that Scola is a flopper and Lowry flopped a few times to sell fouls, so what? This is the NBA, the refs have created a game where that is necessary to get calls a lot of the time, literally every team does it. The game after the Rockets had one of their players have someone intentionally step on their face without a foul call I'm sure they were out to make sure that when they were fouled, it was called. There were some questionable foul calls on both sides of the ball, but that nothing to do with why the Rockets won. The Nuggets had injuries and they couldn't hit their FT's, none of that is the Rockets, or the refs fault. It's unfortunate that the Nuggets don't have better fans, perhaps some Knicks homers came over with half of their team last year and that's what's making you guys look so bad, but something needs to be done about it.
gianluchisti::OKLAHOMA CITY GANGESTER !!!!  THEY PAY THE REFEREEEEEE !!!!  ALWAIS ( FROM 1-2 YEAR ) THEY SNATCH THE MATCH !!!!!!
marcpru60::darn, a week or so ago Denver rolling along very well and off the radar, as soon as they get pub for being a "no star" team that wins in bunches they crash and burn... maybe a couple more losses and they go back to being ignored and get their groove back
woobx::rockets = team full of blake griffins. Goin down easier then a 5 dollar hooker
diehardnr1::Is it too late for oscar submissions? HOU did a great job of selling the refs...I especially liked the 3 second call (after HOU player screaming) on Buckets by a ref that was not even looking at the lane....    Still the Nuggz B team should have beaten the Rockets,,,make some free throws...hit an open 3 once in a while...and stop making stupid turnovers! (oh yeah...making a lay-up would help as well)...  Congrats HOU...hopefully next games will be at full strength...physically and mentally  GO NUGGETS!!!
bobbydagreat::Yeah I liked the 3 second call when the Rockets player saw that the guy had been in the lane for 3 seconds and yelled out "three seconds" three times before the whistle. The guy spent 6 seconds there before the whistle, what more do you want?
TQ9475::13% and 57% from 3 and Ft line, is hardly an excuse for losing.  Its the absolute reason they lost.
Josh4274::Houston missed way more lay ups in that game. Even with Nugz at full strength it would still be a hard fought game. Nugz and Rockets are about on the same page talent wise.
H-TownTEX5040::Always excuses...but then give prop at the end...What a joke
CandySparker::Nice Scorer Luis Scola!
schroer123413123::are nuggets fans happier w/o Melo?
diehardnr1::hell yes
jayeteee::Very much so.
Heiroglyphic::The Nuggets are in a slump. Every team usually has one or two stretches in a season where their focus is off and they're just not hitting any shots. I'm not worried though, the Nuggets are still a solid playoff team, and I want them to focus on getting their guys back rested and healthy for the playoffs, mainly Mozgov , Nene, and Brewer, because we'll be needing length against teams like Portland and the Lakers. Hats off to Houston for taking advantage of a slumping Nuggets team. GO NUGGETS!
HatersH8::whats the early outlook on Gallo? Significant time to be missed?
schroer123413123::scolas face and chest must have healed up pretty good from that "malicious" hit by thug k love cred to rockets training staff he had a pretty good game must not have been to bad
schroer123413123::not that i dont know how just dont care enough to use them in computer responses
schroer123413123::jesus did you grow up in the oil fields never get an edjumacation or what?
Josh4274::take it easy... it's not his fault he can't read
ThirdCoastTexan::...says the idiot that doesnt know how to spell or use enough punctuation to form a complete thought.
ThirdCoastTexan::speak english, you moron...i cant understand a word of that mess
schroer123413123::and if you were gonna intentional hit anyone why would you just love tap  them and not maliciously hit the person like suh
schroer123413123::trolling you dont even know that mean son go on 4 chan and you will find out and where are you from texas everyone knows only two things come from texas steers and...
ThirdCoastTexan::why the quotes on malicious? No one ever said that it was malicious. Intentional, yes. Malicious, no. but nice attempt at trolling...
dbadker::who gets all gallos minutes?
JustineS04::Gallo hit 2 free throws with a bone chip. The rest of the team couldn't make any to save their lives.
Maverick Man 3::experienced sports handicapping...turn $100 into thousands in a week. email me if interested. EASY $$$$ picks for tomorrow!  email me...bakkerwillson@gmail.com
zosoMC::4 out of 5 starters injured with some kind of sprain. Bad luck. Nice win for Houston I guess, playing against our B squad.
BSU is not a real school::3-22 from the 3pt line? you have to be joking, quit shooting those.
Maverick Man 3::experienced sports handicapping...turn $100 into thousands in a week. email me if interested. EASY $$$$ picks for tomorrow! email me...bakkerwillson@gmail.com
Maverick Man 3::hit me up...make money fast
minnyfan22::Houston players = The biggest floppers....Take it from a Wolves fan Nuggies.
Josh4274::Wolves blow!
minnyfan22::RIIIIIIIIIIIICKKKKKKKKYYYYYYY RRUUUUUUUUUUUBBBBBBBBBBIIIIIIIIIIIIIOOOOOOOOOO
bobbydagreat::LOL, the Wolves.
minnyfan22::Watched the game tonight and the last flop was the best hahahahahahahaahahahaha
Slurm Soda::Really off-topic but I Just read Seattle might get a team again
Spurs4life93::Now you know how it feels to have an injury depleted team Denver. Welcome to the club
minnyfan22::Wolves had 8 playes till three games ago now they are on fire, everyone is back
Josh4274::no one cares about the wolves in this thread
Albert2007::where the hell was Dalembert
bobbydagreat::Playing terribly, so they sat him.
Blazelover13::Whoo-hoo! Yay, Houston! That's what I'm talking about! Way to bounce back from that stomp to the face, Scola! Nice win in a hard place to play. Houston WILL make the playoffs, probably as an eight or seven seed, and will give the Thunder or Clippers some trouble, trust me.
minnyfan22::Ya im hoping two to three years from now we can make a run at things but we will see we need a better SG
minnyfan22::Oh my bad homie good win!
bobbydagreat::Yeah, congrats on your team getting back to .500, I would have never thought that possible just a few years ago. If Kahn doesn't screw it up, you guys should be good for quite a while.
minnyfan22::well everyone keeps talking about them so I figured they cared my bad!
bobbydagreat::The only reason they get brought up on message boards is because their homers troll all of the boards on ESPN.
minnyfan22::Man Houston hates the Wolves is it cuz you got no super stars?
bobbydagreat::No one cares about the Wolves enough to hate them.
bobbydagreat::As a Rockets fan, I hope you are wrong, I would rather have 2 lottery picks in a really deep draft than to be bounced in the first round.
bobbydagreat::I can understand that, it's just that the Rockets make the playoffs all the time, it's not that much of a goal, they need to go deep in the playoffs or they are wasting their time. If we were the T-Wolves we could be happy just being above .500 and making the playoffs, but this franchise is better than that.
vonsteve1668::Bobby, I get your reasoning. But I can't root for my team to miss the playoffs. I'm not the GM of the club, I'm a fan. So every year counts to me.
bobbydagreat::The only thing making the playoffs does for a team like the Rockets is makes them lose one of their first round picks, it's not worth it.
Blazelover13::And I'd rather that team get some playoff experience. They already HAVE good, young talent. Missing the playoffs for some draft picks, when you're a talented young team, is stupid.
Betterwithoutmelo::If I were a Houston fan, I would be more embarrassed by the flopping than elated by the win.
Betterwithoutmelo::I'd rather know what it's like to have an NFL championship. Which I do. And you don't.  And call it "trolling" if you want, but it remains that your team is a bunch of floppers.
Josh4274::hahaha... what a dumb dumb
bobbydagreat::LOL, idiot.
bobbydagreat::If you were a Rockets fan, you would know what it's like to have your team win the NBA championship. Of course we can exchange troll comments all day long, why not just be a good fan instead?
vonsteve1668::Ha. Awesome reply.
ImAllIn0824::danilo can shoot, we all know that. but key points to consider: hes a jump shooter, by nature, they are streaky. he is not a dynamic offesnive force, or cut out to be a leading scorer on a team. he also struggles on D. all this being said, when melo was there, they werent exactly in the finals every year either. they are one or 2 pieces away, but def. need to make some moves
helmsey::I've really like what Karl has done with Gallo since coming to Denver... less jump shooting and more driving to the basket as his primary option.  Still wish he would do it more consistently though because he is actually quite good at it.
helmsey::Ugly game tonight on both sides.  Denver lost tonight because of missed FTs and 4/5 starters injured.  The flopping is ugly to watch but not why we lost this game.  Houston didn't look good to me either but I admit I haven't really watched many of their games this year to know whether this is normal or not for them.  Congrats on the victory.
helmsey::FT Shooting killed us in the OKC playoff series last year too.... I hope it doesn't bite us in the $@%! again.
bobbydagreat::They have been shooting poorly lately, as a Rockets fan, I wanted them to tank the season in order to get 2 lottery picks in the draft.
bobbydagreat::I really want them to get rid of Scola, and would love it if they could pick up another legit big man.
helmsey::To me it seems like they are missing a couple pieces for sure.  I do like their hustle though which is a good characteristic to have.
DenverDiehard35::your comment is like a breath of fresh air in a room full of tear gas
bobbydagreat::Yeah hate is a bit of a strong word, Rockets and Nuggets fans want the Knicks to do poorly. Nuggets fans because it is more proof that they took the Knicks to the woodshed in the Melo trade, and Rockets fans because they own the Knicks first round pick next year.
cam3593::yea but i dont like any NY teams but i sure as hell would root for one over a Dallas team
Slurm Soda::I don't hate the Knicks I just like making fun of them, because their fans get pissed off so easily.
bobbydagreat::You would think Rockets fans and Nuggets fans would get along, they both hate the Knicks.
Paterade::Koufos and Faried were the only positive players on the floor +1 but I'm sure there was a good reason they didn't play more
DenverDiehard35::If you guys are wondering why there arent many trolls yet, its cuz Portland and OKC are still playing. After that this board will be infested
cam3593::but its christmas for them the have a .500 team
ThirdCoastTexan::Rockets had a couple of Minny trolls in here early thanks to the Love/Scola incident
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::Love got what he deserved. Cheap shot for sure (I'm from Minnesota).
ThirdCoastTexan::i know, but they will be on the Rockets like white on rice after that whole debacle
Slurm Soda::Dude Wolves fans troll everywhere
kevinsteinhauer::Anyone know what the deal with Dalembert was tonight??
kevinsteinhauer::haha something like that
bmosheman::coaches deicison.  is he the most popular person in fantasy or something?
mastermind5869::yeah he came into the week 100% owned, but is one of the guys people have to have thought about cutting. his boards/blocks (all of his value) are tied heavily to his playing time
bobbydagreat::He's the best defensive center the Rockets have had since Olajuwon, fans flocked to him quickly.
bobbydagreat::He wanted his name brought up more so he sat out.
bmosheman::Did anyone watch that postgame with Rudy?  Does anyone remember that scene from Beverly Hills Cop "Hello my name is Serge"?  Odd similarity.
bobbydagreat::Though some of their homers have been really annoying tonight, I still like the Nuggets as a team, they are doing what the Rockets did for several years in trying to be a contender without any superstars. I don't think it'll ever work, but I wish them the best of luck in trying.
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::Good luck to you guys.
DenverDiehard35::the day homers arent annoying is the day sports go extinct
bobbydagreat::Agreed.
cam3593::am i the only one that felt like The Texans should of been playing last night? instead of the Pats
etaUpike07::on houston sports radio people around the country agreed that if schaub hadnt been injured the texans would have been in the superbowl
bobbydagreat::No question, the Texans outplayed the Ravens in the playoffs, they just had a big mistake by Jacoby Jones screw everything up.
cam3593::no doubt that A$$hole has always injured shaub
cam3593::i used to not like shaub a couple years back and couldnt wait for rosenfels to come in but after rosencopter and shaub grew into it hes been a monster
bobbydagreat::Third time.
bobbydagreat::If Fat Albert hadn't jumped on Schaub's leg, they would have been.
ThirdCoastTexan::i hate haynesworth with a passion. he is a waste of precious oxygen
bmosheman::can someone buy rudy fernandez a new sweater?
ImAllIn0824::nugets fans, not trying to be  a hater, but you ve got to admit. if al harrington is going to be one of ur tops scorers, most likely you arent going to far in the playoffs. hes been 1-or 2 all year at like 15 per game . hes just not that good of a player, he should be a teams 5th or 6th leading scorer
helmsey::Offense has NOT been our problem
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::Have you seen him play this year?
bmosheman::no huge argument there, but the nuggets share alot.  still lead the league in scoring with Al doin as you say
DenverDiehard35::Gallo is our leading scorer, someones gotta be the leading bench scorer, why not him?
mastermind5869::i didnt watch the game, but was dalembert that bad to get only 7 minutes?
mastermind5869::gotcha. thanks
bobbydagreat::Dalembert was playing poorly and Jeff Adrien was having the best game of his life.
cam3593::its a sore subject
HennyAndCheetos::McHale was probably resting him
DenverDiehard35::Why cant Chandler pull a fit and whine his way out of china like turrets Martin? We could use him more than ever right now. And idc what you ppl think, we need JR
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::Remember this?: http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/news/story?id=3416579  Yeah.......
Slurm Soda::<b> DESPICABLE </b>
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::<b>$@!</b>
Scrambler728::Ginobli and Scola would be bankrupt if this was actually enforced.
Slurm Soda::hahaha
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::<b>DISGUSTING</b>
Slurm Soda:::/
DirkNowitzki4President::Pretty much every team in the West are separated by 1 or 2 games. West is wide open.
Slurm Soda::yep
Fallrsk77::why wasnt martin played late??
Fallrsk77::he is after all a shooting guard
Fallrsk77::I have him and lowry on FB so when one struggles the other usually picks it up.. he remains the rockets leading scorer so i think its too early to say hes trade worthy
HennyAndCheetos::He's doing bad. Personally, I think they should trade him
bobbydagreat::They tried, but weren't allowed to, basketball reasons.
Fallrsk77::k good just checking for injury.. thanks
bobbydagreat::He has been shooting pretty bad lately, plus Courtney Lee is much better defensively.
cam3593::haha wanna talk about flops try playing a playoff series in Utah a couple years back
bmosheman::the nuggets games end late. Conversations are troll magnets.
HennyAndCheetos::Didn't realize so many people hated the Rockets. lol
TheColdTruth::the game of basketball is played different than how we played back then!!!  so much hate for nothing...Its just a game...the young people now a days...and all the hate in the NBA
bobbydagreat::A lot of it is just homers being poor losers, I wouldn't worry about it.
TheColdTruth::its just dumb people...ive been around for 60 years and the people are sooo dumb now a days its embarrasing to be a US Citizen
etaUpike07::houston teams in general. you should see what people post about U of H
cam3593::i love H-Town lived here my whole life people just dont know i guess
knottfrank::what did houston ever do to you?
cam3593::they hate the wrong Texas city they should hate Dallas
Slurm Soda::I started noticing  it last week
TheColdTruth::Cant stop Lowry with those 3's he drain 3's all day on any team!!!  Bank on it!
Paterade::they were draining some bs shots. the two at the end of the 2nd and 3rd quarters were crap. %$#@!!! lucky
bobbydagreat::That has to $@%! off people in Memphis, he couldn't hit anything when he was there.
Scrambler728::We need to bring back either JR or Chandler because we cannot hit a 3 to save our lives. Defenses can just collapse in the paint on us and don't have to worry about anyone hitting 3s. Seriously how do you shoot 3/22 from Deep?
helmsey::The only time Afflalo can hit 3's is when he is sitting in the corner waiting for the ball.  If he is trying to be a playmaker his long range shot disappears.
Scrambler728::Yea what happened to AAA? he was like top 5 percentage wise in the NBA a couple years ago.
Paterade::Agreed. I'll trade Karl for JR right now. Only way he would come back to play in Denver
Paterade::Really, 4 guard lineups all year with two legit 7 footers riding the pine while we lose to teams with big men. Also, campaigning to resign Afllalo and Nene to ridiculous contracts. Yeah, your right. No harm done there
Scrambler728::I don't think Karl is the problem. Karl can't do anything about missing shots and turning the ball over. Although that 4 guard lineup made no sense.
bmosheman::meanwhile, knicks won.  Oh, Melo left early with an injury and jeremy lin had 28 points.  LMFAO
TheColdTruth::Go New Orleans Go!!! oooo that was Denver my bad!!
DenverDiehard35::The trolls will come on here and talk sh*t and laugh cuz we lost at home to the rockets, but anyone who watched the game and knew what happened will know the truth. Without Nene, Afflalo, Brewer, Mozgov and Gallo is no small thing, there is a reason we were so good with them and had the 3rd best record in the league. Once healthy we will return to form, yes im still mad we lost but when we get healthy we will find our groove again. Go Nuggets
cam3593::they are a good team just not very consistent
JustineS04::Wow, clairvoyant.
bobbydagreat::The Rockets are a good team, the Nuggets weren't expected to win with all of the injuries.
DenverDiehard35::if u feel like it u can read all my previous comments, i never expected to win. its the nba, i never expect to win, anything can happen. even with all the injuries we shoulda won if we could make a free throw. its our own fault
bobbydagreat::I think they are good, just not good enough, I am one of those who are in favor of tanking this year, but it looks like that isn't going to happen.
etaUpike07::i wouldnt say good and im a rockets fan. they are mediocre
helmsey::Rockets did not look like a good team to me.  Maybe they had an off night.
knottfrank::still lost bro.
knottfrank::np.
DenverDiehard35::really? thanks i cant read numbers
knottfrank::what do you call the offspring of a lawyer from thailand???  TY LAWSON!!!!! LOOOOLLLL!!!!!   as you can see i enjoy watching ty lawson play
AY410::Thabeet took all the credit for Jeff Adrien's rebounding by the media while they were at Uconn. Jeff Adrien and AJ price were the soul of that team.
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::There's a difference between a flop and a hack on the arm, Rockets fans.
Lashton_Bryth::You denver fans do realize you have Rudy Fernandez on your team?  He has been known to flop.  And the only reason you guys are crying so much is because your tv announcer was a giant cry baby everytime scola fell down.
JustineS04::Yes, b/c you have been screwed, no one else can have been screwed too.
bobbydagreat::LOL way to be a classy loser Justine.
bobbydagreat::There were several weak calls that went both ways tonight, that's why there was 53 fouls called, it was ridiculous.
JustineS04::Until you have proof that the refs threw the game, you can't complain. That's the argument. Nuggets sucked tonight. But your team is a disgrace to basketball.
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::I agree. The outcome as not decided by the flop calls, but seriously Lowry had two flops in the last minute, Martin had multiple flops, as did Scola. You guys must have had upwards of 7 or 8 flops rewarded tonight. That's just not fun to watch.
bobbydagreat::The Nuggets weren't screwed by the refs tonight, they were screwed by bad FT shooting and injuries.
ThirdCoastTexan::Remember Tim Donaghy? In his testimony after he was indicted, he admitted to calling fouls on the Rockets that werent fouls in a Mavs/Rockets playoff game. Until you have proof that the NBA has screwed you, just shut your pie-hole
ThirdCoastTexan::lol...gotta love the all mighty commish
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::Again, no relevance to this game...All I am is saying is shut up about the FT discrepancy. That has nothing to do with the flops we are mad about.
bobbydagreat::Basketball reasons
JustineS04::Karma?
etaUpike07::so what do you call it when on of your players faces gets stomped on and its not called. when the refs really hate you come talk to the rockets fans
helmsey::That's what happens when the REFS get sick of your flopping
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::That has absolutely no relevance to this game whatsoever.
bobbydagreat::And there's a difference between getting screwed by the refs and having your team blow their opportunities. There are court documents stating the Rockets were screwed by the refs out of playoff series' Rockets fans know what it looks like, and tonight wasn't it.
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::Oh, believe me I am not blaming the refs or the flopping on the outcome. We had way too many turnovers, no ball movement, couldn't hit a wide open three, 14 missed FT's. I can go on and on and on about why we lost other than the flops.
