oldcoach1961::How Long is Scott going to keep playing Walton, and Gibson in the 4th quarter and lose the lead, seem like it is same story game after game.
LostAussie95::94 comments on this game, really?
RZA_CONSOLE::anyone wanna trade hawes/bynum for drummond?
imissibanez::Next year. Thad,bynum and hawes up front.
jfoote1212::damien wilkins is playing SHOOTING guard, yet shot the ball only THREE times in 38 minutes
JohnsonnnL::Good game Sixers. Keep up the tank job Cavs.
nsmithNYC::If the Cavs were tanking and the Sixers barely beat them, it was in no way a good game by the Sixers. Good third quarter by the Sixers? Yes. That is what made the difference.   Also, having your three top players injured is not tanking, it is bad luck.
YogaBeer::For some reason this game wasn't on cable in my area.  How'd it go for our young studs?   Besides losing of course.
PhillyEPS::Hey, bad or good, right or wrong, 6er fan for life :)  At least we freaking won tonight :)
Carbon-based::Irving will leave ASAP
nsmithNYC::If you consider at least five years ASAP, perhaps.
Yata-garasu::Lol.
orange_63::if kansas loses that will mess up my already messed up brackets!
Yata-garasu::What a shot by Burke...  Would look pretty good as a backup to Irving...
PhillySportsFan7-ACCT2::You may potentially be selling Burke short proclaiming him a backup..
Yata-garasu::I know what you mean but if he comes to Cleveland he would be the back up.  He seems like a starter type though.  I don't think All Star though...  Could be..
PhillySportsFan7-ACCT2::Sixers laughing now but Cavs will have the last laugh when their tanking pays off.. and the Sixers are stuck in mediocrity..   Although this year it could potentially NOT pay off for the Cavs
Yata-garasu::It will.  Even if we don't get a stud this year we WILL be a PO team next year.
Yata-garasu::Pretty much....  Only thing that could stop this teams development...
nsmithNYC::Only if the injury bug doesn't bite again.
orange_63::michigan just tied the game......and now in overtime
mango_33::thanks for the tip, got to see the last shot.
uncletomlover::how do you score 6 points in the last 6 minutes against philadelphia,  thats what you get when you have byron scott as a coach,  cavs are and will forever be a joke
PhillySportsFan7-ACCT2::You must not have paid attention to the Cavs lineup and noticed that Irving and Waiters were both out..
mango_33::and AV
orange_63::he is paid extra for losses..........
Yata-garasu::Sigh.... So hard to pay attention to this game with Spring Break, Indians on the horizon, March Madness, etc...  Another loss...  Another ping pong ball.....  GO CAVS!!!
HunterF4444::Right now it's the best thing the Cavs can do...
.Booty Loaf::Banned in C-Town Again - 6 mil. In the NBA is chump change, and he was a legacy.... I think there are worse players in the league making more   ^^^ fu.cking idiot
Yata-garasu::LOL!  Chump change...
orange_63::go browns!
mango_33::Interesting seeing all of the Cavs fans there sitting on the hands not giving a ...
.Booty Loaf::...?
Cole Lopez aka The Ruler Of Toast::That awkward moment when the today's Indians spring training game has more comments than this board.
HunterF4444::Cavs are so good at tanking
potato623::I give up on the 6ers, so stupid...
mango_33::so far you are dead on vegasneverloses.
mango_33::no cav has hit double figures yet, in points.
TSlakersmvp::Kyrie Irving for Holiday Young and Turner Straiddup
xkizarux::Ha, no. Irving can shoot, but Holiday (when he plays up to his potential) is better at everything else.
cmdcw4::funny joke
mango_33::I don't think he's staying once his contract is up... unless the Cavs really overpay.
Yata-garasu::Yeah...  In 2019.
Dog Strikes Again Woof::Both of these teams will have alot of cap space in the offseason and both are young teams hmm so a bright future is on the way   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1MOoOT7SX4g
xkizarux::I would like to see Moultre get more opportunities. Hawes would be a decent back up 5, Jrich was playing well until he was injured but most of this team will not be here next season.
CoreyGallagherArt::Well, Jrue and Thad are the only players on contracts after next season.
IggyIsClutch::The cavs have a really bright future but Idk about the sixers. Besides Jrue, Thad and Bynum they really have no one
IggyIsClutch::Ty cavs! The sixers need to lose!
vegasneverloses::76ers blow them out sec half watch
vegasneverloses::76ers got this game relax all
vegasneverloses::thats a loser
mango_33::Cavs +1.5
vegasneverloses::to people that bet it matters
Banned in C-Town Again::Right, because who wins this game really matters
T.O.G.M.S.17::How is Luke Walton the 2nd highest paid player on our team?
YogaBeer::Luke Walton is overpaid.     However, he's the best passer still not injured on the Cavalier team.    His IQ is one of the best in the NBA.    So he's a player/coach in a way.   The young players look up to him.     However, he's also slower than Victor Martinez, his shot is uglier than a Johnny Damon toss from the outfield and can't seem to grab a rebound if one was handed to him.   Other than that, he's money.
sports billy::His father negotiated that. True story. They have the same management company
Banned in C-Town Again::Have you seen their record?
Banned in C-Town Again::6 mil. In the NBA is chump change, and he was a legacy.... I think there are worse players in the league making more
T.O.G.M.S.17::i'm just curious as to why the Lakers gave him such a good contract. 6 mill this year? Really?
xkizarux::WTF happened to Holiday. Amazing play before the All Star game, Turner level play after.
mango_33::I disagree with Carr when it comes to Zeller and the weight room. He needs bulk.
mistermisty123::Sixers fking suck wtf did i bet  on them 1st QTR this is a fking joke
T.O.G.M.S.17::Livingston was projected to be the next Magic Johnson coming out of high school.  He starts living up to that potential right about . . . . NOW =)
cmdcw4::thad is a lot of fun to watch
T.O.G.M.S.17::=)
T.O.G.M.S.17::Cavs currently have the 3rd worst record in the league . . . .  VERY NICE (Borat voice)
steve_cronin61::pathetic
.Booty Loaf::they gotta do something about these games that aren't in HD. its getting real old. like 1 out of every 8 games isn't in HD
HunterF4444::"Im so pumped for this game!"  -Nobody
mango_33::good point.
mango_33::has Byron Scott crossed his arms yet?
.Booty Loaf::are his arms ever not crossed?
.Booty Loaf::I am! lol im actually watching this tonight. cant go out because I tore my acl and id rather watch my cavs than the college games. sue me.
.Booty Loaf::30 total viewers on FSO tonight over/under?
Megahamming::Because the freaking blue jackets are on. We want Cavs!
HunterF4444::gotta be under
Gregor_Bryson479266::Have you drafted yet:  http://tinyurl.com/nba-free-challenge5
cmdcw4::what are we, 6 games back? im down!  go 76
FSoccer::keep winning cavs, we need you to have a better record than us (Pelicans).
phillysgreatest88::The Sixers can still make the playoffs, the sad part is they can take the 7th seed if they win out and the Bucks and Celtics lose out.
Mosaic_TomTom7772::Get in this: http://tinyurl.com/free-nba-challenge5
ClevelandsPOWND::Go CAVS!
Yata-garasu::That was a tough loss against Boston....  Sigh...  They should have won that game.  We miss Irving, Waiters, and Varejao...  Good luck to the 76er fans!  GO CAVS!!!
Gregor_Moot380991::Get your draft on: http://tinyurl.com/challenge-free-nba1
YogaBeer::Tyler Zeller will have a career high.    He scores and rebounds a bunch as well.
RiseAgain66::Ive been betting with a system named $portsbettingstar for only 60 days and have profited about 3k per month just following its tips.  You can find this system on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.  If you bet on sports at all, you gotta see this.
HereWeGoBrownEz::I predict the Cavs will be winning the whole game and lose it in the last 30 seconds. I know, it's a long shot.....
YogaBeer::mmmmmmmmmmm   Could be!  I see us up 1 point with 30 seconds to go.     Scott  inserts speights... to bring the ball up the court and that takes 24 seconds.     Sixers get the ball back and we foul with .01 seconds left putting the sixers on the line for 3 shots.  Sixer's coach is irate that his player tried to shoot the ball as they want ping pong balls as well.    So he tries to put in another player to shoot the FTs, but of course that's illegal.     The player makes all 3 shots and 6ers win the game.      AC tries to interview a coach on the 6ers after the game, but they are seen near the time line beating the snot out of their player that won the game.  Meanwhile, there's Byron Scott standing by the sidelines with his arms crossed with that shizzle eating grin on his face.
