joker::I thought the Dubs played really well without Curry and 3 Bench players including the back up point who got 18 on the Griz last time.  Memphis just beat a healthy Clipper team
ZykO::far too early to panic and silly to even suggest breaking up this roster already. it's clear that andre is capable of running the point but it is also clear that if he's doing so, he doesn't score. this poses an issue with the thin bench, exposed for being where the warriors took a step back this offseason. still too early though to panic about the long term projection as they get curry, douglas, o'neal and ezeli back. just because the warriors took a huge step forward last year, doesn't mean they aren't still growing.
CSONKA_39::So an extra period for OT and still only 81 points?  Aren't the Warriors cute?
dster20::Didn't see the game but read Lee was picked on and then the Warriors had to go to double teams which were ineffective.
Kevbraah::My bet is Harrison Barnes gets the start, (Thompson, Barnes, Bogut, AI, Lee), with bench rotation of Speights, Draymond Green, and Bazemore. We need Barnes to get 15-20 and Lee / Bogut to have solid games (double doubles), with Klay doing his thang from deep (25+ points) and we will WIN ! Keep the home streak alive and going for 5 in a row overall.
peytont::I heard the Grizz have won the last 10 over Golden State (I'm too lazy it up).  Terrible matchup for the W's.  Memphis has two all defensive team guards to check Curry/Thompson, whom Golden State relies on for a good bulk of their scoring, and GS doesn't have the interior depth to keep up with Gasol/Randolph/Koufos (although Bogut holds his own when he's actually in the game).  Hopefully the Grizz can go 4-0 on this road trip and bring a nice streak back to the Grindhouse.
Google It::This is why the Warriors will never get past the 2nd round of the playoffs - they can't beat the "tougher" teams (e.g. Memphis, S.A.) in a 7-game series.
Anton::Warriors need to trade Steph Curry ASAP. Curry is good but he is not durable and injury prone. If Warriors want to make it far in the playoffs they need to trade Curry ASAP for Rajon Rondo.
Xander::Notice how much better the Warriors def is without Curry in the lineup.
Commenter::Too bad Kung fu Allen is banned.
