30foot-JIMMER-::Jimmer felt good this game and coach dumb benched him as he's balling.... his confidence is down therefore his jump shot is down. lol start Jimmer
kwheels22::i disagree. even though i have never watched him play this year, or the kings except for this game.. Jimmer has what it takes to run a team.. a player like that doesn't "ball" but he is put into a small role.  I say start Jimmer, scare Evans into working harder for his minutes and get some competition. its the best way to push young talent and i think Addleman is doing a good job of it with our wolves
JBurhenn253::you jimmer fans are ridiculous. he had 6 points, thats not ballin. youre right he only played 15 mins but 6 points on 3-7 shooting in 15 mins isnt impressive. i have no problem with the guy but its getting old reading what you jimmer fans say when he "goes off" for 6 pts.
nbaRefsForHire::But you probably thing 3-11 shooting in 39 min is all-star worthy. If Tyreke was even 1/4 as good as he thinks he is, the Kings would be unstoppable. Face it, Tyreke reaks and is a cancer on the team.
n8n8n888::As long as Sac allows Thornton, Evans, and Salmons to keep dominating the ball, not getting their teammates involved, Sac will continue to lose.  It's amazing they even have 4 wins.  Let Thomas and Jimmer get on the court much more and focus on developing their game.  At least then Sac's future stands to improve.  As it is....
swaggamento916::its just thorton that is the ballhog he reminds me so much of carmello he will put up anything tyreke need to dominate the ball this is his team thats why we got kevin martin out of here people need to play off what tyreke does hes the leader of this team
swaggamento916::we have to much talent to be losing like this i dont bet it
SolitaryPine::The Timberwolves now have a better record than the Celtics.  Take that, McHale!
mwlevine::Not impressed with Jimmer thus far
swaggamento916::right wheres the guy that his all those threes
dpsteely::Barring injuries, the Timberwolves should get better and better as the weeks go by.  Rubio passes like Pete Maravich but he will have to come close to Pistol Pete's career average of 24.2 points per game for that comparison to hold water. But Rubio may not need to score like Pete had to for most of his career. The T-Wolves are fun to watch because of their unselfishness and team style of play.
md7152::Early in his career, Ridnour was compared to Maravich as well.
Liberal Feminist::Rubio is absolutely INSANE!!  I love watching this guy pass the ball.  I hope the T'wolves can keep Love, Rubio, and Williams together for a long time.    This team reminds me of the Thunder from 3 years ago.  In a couple years the T'wolves could be a really good team.
klesk80::The Wolves are getting better and better.....nice job =)
Mikecito::Dear Kings -  Please trader Jimmer and Thomas so they can play for a team that plays... as a "Team".  Kings are ridonculously bad at playing together.  To the point that I don't even want to watch anymore...
curtless::Sacramento has a huge problem with distributing their minutes. How can you not even get Thomas in there? Every game hes gotten decent minutes he's put up solid numbers, and created shots for other guys. Get him out there! Thorton and Evans aren't so great as to leave him completely out of the lineup.
curtless::Haha, yeah unfortunately you could be right on.
Astrohusky::Exactly what I came on here to post.  Not just bad distribution of minutes, but Smart not living up to his name by not playing IT at all.  Makes no sense.
AllDay220::Evans and Thornton 7-23. Minus 20 with Thornton and minus 13 with Evans. Plus 8 for Jimmer's scant 15 minutes. I'm so annoyed that Jimmer went to this worthless team.
bear0402::Kings just don't seem to know how to use the poor guy.  Kings completely lack discipline in their game.  You can see it in the way they warm up too.  There is a point of staying loose, and there is a point of completely screwing around, and screwing around is exactly what they were doing tonight.
bomborivera1::Wow it's nice to see people actually talking about the game and being decent to each other.  NFL playoff conversations have been worthless piles of spam and sophomoric idiocy.
FingerRoleJoeTM::hypest 5-8 team I've ever seen
LolaMonre23::Why the hate???
minny snowta::you have to admit, they look good sometimes!
ryan.mcgrath::yes
PoRtEr_24::YOU KNOW IT FINGER!
kenbomc::ty
kenbomc::is it just me...or are the t-wolves announcers annoying? They seem to like talking about negatives more than positives and they love reminding us multiple times on how shtttty we've been for the past few years with dumb stats. I also hate it when they cut away from the game when it's still going on.
md7152::They are extremely annoying!  All team announcers are biased but come on.  Call the game as you see it.  If the other team makes a spectacular play, give credit where it is do. your right ken, they point out the negatives too much.  "They should have done this, they have to do that"  Throw a jersey on Peterson and show us how its done then!!!
Vikadontis Rex::They are not as much of homers as I wished. Take for instance last night when they called a traveling Ridnour forced then reversed it to a jump ball, the announcer goes "that was the right call he made the right choice." Then they show the replay and it's clearly a traveling, and the announcer goes "well you see he did make a little bit of contact on the ball"...
ilyak_17::Honestly I find them to be some of the better announcers in the NBA.  I hate when the game isn't on locally and I have to listen to another teams announcers because they are usually horrible with annoying catch phrases.
k_nak::JJ Barea has to be hating life.  Had a perfect role in Dallas and isn't going to be getting any PT on MN.  I know Dallas didn't want to resign him for what it would take but seems like Barea could have found a better team.  Or maybe no one else wanted him either?
jmndodge2::jj will be back and a big part of this team.  I really like what I have seen of him, and should a point guard leave for a good shooting guard I suspect it will be Luke who leaves, although he is scoring very well now.  Rubio has made Luke much better.
md7152::He may be a big part eventually.  JJ had the perfect chemistry around him in Dallas, which really suited his style of play.  Not saying that it can't or won't happen in Minn, but for right now Ridnour is the guy.
LolaMonre23::He will be back soon....I think he would be happier here than in Dallas
bear0402::*9 assists a game for Rubio.
bear0402::He's been battling right and left hamstring strains/pulls and ankle injuries since December.  To start him, you either sit Rubio who is averaging almost 10 assists a game, or Ridnour who has the second highest PPG average on the team and is shooting 50% for the field.  And he is too short to put in the lineup at the 3-guard.  Unless someone gets hurt or traded or just falls into a huge slump, he's destined to be the Wolves 6-man.
kenbomc::No one wanted him more then the wolves -he also doesn't have a history of injuries.
bear0402::It is more of a case that he's always hurt.
TyrekeTheKing13::good game wolves you have a bright future... GO KINGS
kenbomc::Seemed like Rubio had an off-night  -he also came close to a triple-double.
lablock07::Isn't that crazy tho! Luke outplayed Ricky tonight, but even Rubio's off game/quiet game was extremely productive.
SDFifa2010::Can someone put Wesley Johnson out of his misery ?   Thanks Wayne Ellington for some nice shooting at guard unlike the garbage that WJ usually gives us.  Does WE play shooting guard or point guard ?  Did they put him at the point ?
Vikadontis Rex::Does Ellington play point!? Are you serious? In the 4th last night we even had him at SF for a little bit...
minny snowta::what about martell webster, when he comes back he could easily take that 2/3 spot!  It will be nice when Barea, Beasley, Lee and Webster all are healthy.  The t-wolves will be deeeeeeep!!!
frnorth::was at the game, Wes is soooooooo close man it's painful I feel for the young fella. I mean his missed shots were half way down and popping out. He had a pretty good game elsewhere and, it's easy to see why Adleman is giving this kid every chance to work through this.
Vikadontis Rex::Interesting stat is about Wes Johnson when he drives as opposed to settling for the jumper.  He is great driving, but rarely ever does it.  Instead he pump fakes then shoots and NEVER makes those.
bomborivera1::I see a little progress for Wesley tonight in that when the jumper wouldn't fall he was smart enough to start going to the basket, with some success. Ellington shot great - maybe he's going to be a decent 2. Will be interesting to see what Brad Miller's got left when he comes back.
bear0402::Wesley Johnson's role more than likely.  Wolves need someone to take Milic's position.  Badly.
kenbomc::We need him for his D...but coach needs to make him go to the basket more.   I cannot wait for Lee to get back -i think he'll take someone's job.
Dsk954::Good Monday game MN.  The fans weren't standing through most of the game, but it was loud for a mid-week game.  Put together another good game on Wed and you may have a crowd for the rest of the season...
minnyzona91::hell yeah, wolves have 19th best record in the league!!
Bro-kowski::Love or Griffin, Love or Griffin... hmm... Who should start for All-star game?
meats29::Love
primetime0062::Love
11MacDaddy::Love
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::Love!
MAHOGMA66::Also,Griffin plays in LA,where everybody in the world wants to live,while KLove toils up north on the tundra somewhere.
kenbomc::Griffin's also terrible at free-throws.
jeff_schulz::Griffin is kind of a one trick pony. Love is top 5 in scoring and top 2 in rebounds.   Should be fairly obvious, which is why he will probably get screwed.
socal2092::GN everyone! GG T-wolves! And remember people, if you see a Laker fan, don't stare at them because they might steal your ice cream!
md7152::GN
_Jimmer_Time_::I'm out, gn all. GG and GL Minny, GO KINGS!
MNsportswopwopwah::I respect that
PhilMN15::Have a good one!
md7152::Huge night for Ellington and Ridnour. Dam.  Love in beast mode as always
md7152::Luke kept them in it early and everyone eventually followed
PhilMN15::Its hard to believe but Love actually started out slow.
_Jimmer_Time_::KU is really good. Baylor is still top 10 and maybe top 5, but they are getting pwned.
PhilMN15::I'm still happy about the Gophs. 2 wins in a row and 1 of them was at IU.
PhilMN15::Kansas is dominating Baylor.
dogs::Smile Face = =)
dexter4oz::Evans just about pulled off one of the ugliest triple doubles in the history of the NBA
PhilMN15::I got a Triple Triple. :)
socal2092::double double triple double. I thought he was short?
dogs:::)
PhilMN15::; + )= ;)
_Jimmer_Time_::=+)==) :+)=:)
PhilMN15::")
PhilMN15::^^)
dogs::<u>  =)</u>
_Jimmer_Time_::<b>good job</b>
ilyak_17::Most people around the league believe this is as close to a sure thing as possible. Love has been informed, shall we say, at every step of the Timberwolves' rebuilding process the last couple of years. It doesn't mean he had veto power, but he was not surprised by anything management has done. And just as it was important to surround Ricky Rubio with enough talent to make his arrival easier, the Wolves needed to improve both the talent and the coaching dynamism to keep West coaster Love from seeking greener pastures. Exit Kurt Rambis; enter Rick Adelman. Exit Jonny Flynn; enter Rubio. With rookie Derrick Williams and vet guard J.J. Barea in the mix, Minnesota's core group is much deeper than even a season ago, and Love has noticed. And if the Wolves are going to continue the newfound era of positive pub they're getting, giving Love every dollar agent Jeff Schwartz wants is imperative.  "Minnesota will pay Love," an executive with another team said Sunday; the max the Wolves can give him is a five-year deal in excess of $80 million. (Rose got more because, under Video the new collective bargaining rules, he was eligible for additional "rookie pool" money after winning the NBA's Most Valuable Player award last season.)
MNsportswopwopwah::"I think its best for this team and organization to part ways with Darko and Wes.  Wayne, and Pek tonight proved to me and the organization that they deserve to be starting in this promising lineup." Rick Adleman after the game
PhilMN15::Only in our dreams.
MNsportswopwopwah::it should be
ilyak_17::Is this real?
_Jimmer_Time_::let's just put this behind us
The Amazing Chef::Okay, we will leave it this way until early febuary, i will be on the kings chatroom next time to cheer you guys on, look for me :) GO KINGS AND WOLVES
_Jimmer_Time_::okay, GL to your team. Hope in a couple of years both teams will be in the playoffs.
socal2092::The time will come for our team. Management is the first place that needs to be fixed with the franchise!
socal2092::I hope they don't either! I mean, I live in Sac, but I'm originally from Anaheim so it would be very weird for me if they moved down there!
_Jimmer_Time_::they just better not move
socal2092::He said he was sorry. Forgiveness bro!
The Amazing Chef::Dude, im sorry bro. I wish luck to your team. Bro im sorry, i didnt mean to be rude, i just got excited. sorry bro i wish you and the kings luck. :) Until next time in early februaury, good luck. If you go to that chatroom for next game wolves vs kings, you will see i already commented. Good Luck. Sincerly, the amazing chef
_Jimmer_Time_::I know, read the other post. You have a pretty good team, a reason to be excited. see ya next time
braineater000::It's called "I'm 12 and I'm playing on Dad's computer past my bedtime" syndrome.
The Amazing Chef::I'm 16, okay, so stop. we are all being nice, so dont ruin it,
PhilMN15::He said he was sorry. :). Scroll down.
_Jimmer_Time_::= + ) = =)
_Jimmer_Time_::I know, saw it before I posted. just wanted to put that out there
dogs::how do you do the smile face?
PhilMN15::How about this, Give Love 60M dollards and he cant deny that. Sign him for 10 years and its done.
ilyak_17::They can't sign him for 10 years.  I think the max extension is 5.
dogs::he is going to dallas or LA i am sorry enjoy him while you can
PhilMN15::Yes. And he looks happy here, he always plays his heart out. And if I were him I would want a max deal also. He deserves it.
dogs::"traitor" have you been to a wolves game?
PhilMN15::Traitor.
The Amazing Chef::I agree. I doubt Love will leave though. We need him, and i dont think he will let us down. Hopefully
PhilMN15::They have a huge salary cap wide open.
khorak86::Will take more than that
dogs::where are the wolves getting 60 million?
The Amazing Chef::Hey, Im sorry king fans. I didnt mean to get rude :) good luck to you and your team down  the road. Sorry about the rudeness. Please forgive me. Good luck, the amazing chef
BrandonCsonny::Wolves look great. But in my eyes, that TWolves pick is a damn solid player, because the draft is going to be loaded.
socal2092::You are forgiven. Ignore those idiot fans! I hate it when fans make good fans look bad. I really think the Wolves have what it takes to turn that lottery pick New Orleans has into a late pick! T-Wolves are very underrated, and I think the lockout had an effect on your team. Rubio,Love,Williams,Wesley... that is a lot of young talent!
dogs::<b><u>Wolves will take a run at the title</u></b>
kwheels22::Two good young teams.. but happy to see the wolves win!! I am growing more and more confident that Addelman is simply transitioning Dwill to play SF because he continues to get less than 10 min a game at PF.  Either way, once Webster and Beasley are back, there will be a clusterfck at the 2/3 with Barea, Ellington, Johnson, Ridnour, Beasley, Williams, Webster and (soon) malcom lee all getting time at those two positions.
md7152::yes there will be a cluster there.  All deserve minutes but something has to give.  Ridnour and Barea can play 1 or 2 but still crowded
The Amazing Chef::go wolves
01AmberBock::The lockout really hurt the Wolves. A very young team that needs time to get better. If they keep this team together they will win a lot of games.
kwheels22::too many young forwards.  not enough center/true SG.... a trade must get made. probably a G and young Forward for a C or (true) SG
The Amazing Chef::The kings are the opposite of kings
The Amazing Chef::I have never seen more desperate, annoying fans then the king fans i swear to god
socal2092::Pacers! Doesn't look so good but that doesn't stop me from rooting for my team;win or lose!
The Amazing Chef::Yeah man, and the heat. So who you guys playing next?
socal2092::I know, every team has bad fans! Lakers are the worst!
The Amazing Chef::Okay dude, i really appreciate you being a good fan. You are not like the others. You are a good fan. I wish luck to you and your team but some of the other fans were being rude. Sorry bro, you guys have a good future. Good luck, keep working and you guys will improve :) Didnt mean to bring your team down, some fans are great, some arent. you are a great fan
socal2092::Read five posts down and you will see that Kings fans are not who you say they are!
Blitz1821::I find it funny that D-Will looks like a Wolf and plays for the wolves
The Amazing Chef::He is a beast isnt he. I wish he could play more :(
md7152::Tough job to find minutes for everyone.  His time will come.
_Jimmer_Time_::Please Kings, learn to value of the word TEAM. It will make you better. GG Wolves, and GL. I'm out, gn all. GO KINGS!
01AmberBock::Wolves fan here - last week on JRIB rome asked Love about players signing with NY, LA Miami and asked if Love would be looking to do that. He did not answer the question, I would have liked to see him say we are building something here. He didn't.
Dinomeyt::Nate u a laker fan? if so, go $@%! urself!
Nate6784::he declined it.. he will sign the qualifying offer next year for 6 mil, play it out, and be unrestiriced after 12-13 :(
khorak86::Thats what I thought there was all talk about deciding if he was worth a max contract or not, which he clearly is.
ilyak_17::They haven't offered him one yet.
md7152::Depends on who offers the most money ultimately i guess
PhilMN15::The Wolves do have a huge salary cap, so i could see that.
ilyak_17::No it doesn't, any contract he is offered the wolves can match and keep him.  There is no contract they won't match.
ilyak_17::He's a restricted free agent so the wolves are almost guaranteed to have him for the next 4-5 years.
01AmberBock::I hope you are right
PhilMN15::If he really did that. He is gone.
J Cougs::I guarantee Sacramento is a better team if Jimmer gets as many minutes as thorton or salmons, the pure ball hogs of the NBA. Sac town is a mess!  they need to play Jimmer and Isaiah more
yodaspeaks::I think Isaiah is better than Kemba.
slpcharlieb::SEE ALL THE PLAYERS AFTER THE GAME! ! GO WOLVES http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=8_KfMDjubuI
