YanKs_KnicKs_JeTs::Where are all the pathetic Knick haters at these days??  Haven't seen much lately trolling the message boards
Fbotts1::The score doesn't really show how badly the Knicks beat them.  For anyone who didn't watch the game, the Knicks sat their starters the entire fourth quarter so who knows what the score would have been otherwise.  As for heat fans, why don't you go look at attendance records over the past decade and see how much they've fluctuated between good and bad seasons. Then we'll discuss who's fan base is more loyal and who the front runners are.  Happy Thanksgiving
knicklyn::Melo dropped 19 in the first quarter?  My god.  http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=425076904225679&amp;set=a.401192936614076.90983.401031586630211&amp;type=1&amp;theater
jetzyy::Die hard Knick fan &amp; I LOVE the switch rotations &amp; help defense this year. However watching the games closely i don't see much difference on the Offensive end of the floor. Melo still ball-stopping &amp; isolating, taking low percentage jumpers that won't fall consistently. And he gets blocked way too much when he drives; It's embarrassing sometimes, even with the double &amp; triple teams  , just PASS THE BALL sometimes.. &amp; everyone just stands around not cutting under the basket. This kind of offense won't win in April &amp; May. It can be so much more more efficient.
jetzyy::He is doing much better this year passing it around the 3 point line  but the rest of the team don't move when he has the ball. Thats what I mean by ball-stopping. Watch it tonight vs Mavs. Jason kidd is the the only one moving without the ball on a consistent basis. And another gripe i have is their lack of fast break transition, they just can't get easy transition layups unless they cherry pick with zero defenders in front.
knickstape82::yea there are still iso plays its basxketball...they are mixing it up...he drives the ball to be aggressive and draw fouls...our offense runs through melo...there is no real ballstopping...and all that media hype about melo ballstopping is bs
Has2178::How did Lin play?  LOL
imissoakley::Why are there so many Miami people coming here to throw negativity on the Knicks' success? You would think with the Lebron rental and championship there would be far less insecurity from Miami people towards the city of New York. Go be champions on your own page, try and enjoy it!
Dengue-Fever::Yeah you NY fans are such loyal fans..
imissoakley::I think I missed where I wrote anything about loyalty. Reading comprehension issues aside, and now that you mention it, if you are still a Knicks fan after all the garbage we have endured in the last ten years or more, yeah, I would consider you a loyal fan. Add to the fact that i know guys in their 60's who have been Knick fans since they were kids (something Miami fans need to wait a while to claim), I may call BS on your accusation. It is far easier to root for Lakers or Miami if you were the fair weather type.
Webelieve012309::Much more than Heat fans. It isn't even close.
Jlv2012::Damn the Knicks thrashed the Hornets.  I'm starting to think they are the real deal this year.
Rkingofqueens::Amare coming of the bench as he gets healthy will propel this team into contender status. 15 additional points and 6-7 additional rebounds will not make a top 5 team in the east suddenly tank. Get real.
Rkingofqueens::You made a dumb statement with no truth behind it and I cleared it up for you. You should thank me.  I never said the Knicks were winning a championship.  You haven't stated anything related to basketball yet, so I am wasting my time here lol.
Rkingofqueens::Can you read bro? lol
Rkingofqueens::What year did the Knicks start 8-1 and tank? I would love to see this. Has nothing to do with the Heat sir lol. Last time I checked, Knicks started 7-0 and went to the championship.
Dengue-Fever::ohhhh...so now you you're winning a championship??...lmao..you sir are a joke..again GET REAL
Rkingofqueens::Please only reply with actual basketball facts. Not just heat band-wagon garbage. Thanks in advance.
Dengue-Fever::What do you mean?? you guys been tanking it for past decade...no different this year...Knicks beat the Heat 1x &amp; all of a sudden they run things...Get Real
Dengue-Fever::Go Heat!!!
benkimhine::Hey NYK fans, I'm here to troll, but with supporting evidence, albeit selective evidence. But here goes anyways. I don't think NYK is a 50-win team, I think they will be safely over .500 by season's end with this fast start (like 44 and 38). They will wane as the season wears to its end. I think they will be a 4th seed at best, but realistically, I think they will be a 6th seed. It's still relatively early in the season, but they've had very impressive wins again Miami, San Antonio, both on the road no less. But take away those two wins and you have wins against competition that is 24-30 and a loss to Memphis, on the road. 8-1 is impressive. If they are 25-16 by the half way mark, I'll give them serious props. If they are 38-24 three quarters of the way, then I'll pencil them in as at least a 4th seed. But I think Philadelphia, Miami, Chicago, Brooklyn (tie with Milwaukee), and Boston will be sitting ahead of them by season's end. Woodson is doing a hell of a job of coaching so far, I just don't see it lasting. Why am I so interested in trolling? Because I was caught up in Linsanity (and became a short-term Knicks fan) and I think they did him wrong. "Go ahead, test the market, 'we'll match it'. Oh we can't/won't match that." Not to mention the public  dismay of his contract by his former teammates. It all stinks! Okay, let the discontent begin! lol.
benkimhine::it's early, so let's wait a bit and see. we all know predictions this early can go haywire and rarely come true, especially if you are predicting radically different results from how a team has performed in the years past. throw in a major injury or two and forget about predictions. drumma: yeah, brooklyn may be irrational. if not brooklyn then milwaukee.
Rkingofqueens::I mean regardless. Beating teams that you are supposed to, should not be undermined. Historically Knicks will beat a top team, then and go and lose to a bottom dweller. The team is much improved and not even completely healthy, should be a stellar year with a deep run in the playoffs!
Rkingofqueens::^ Pretty darn tough.
benkimhine::okay, as of now: http://espn.go.com/nba/stats/rpi/_/sort/SOS
thadrummabangs::Benkimhine, I almost feel bad feeding a troll, but the ONLY thing your point proves is that they're not necessarily the favorite. With a record like theirs so far and the third-toughest schedule, they're pretty legit. Not to mention, they've got two of their starters coming back (meaning that Kidd and Brewer will come off the BENCH). Really, I have no idea how you could rank Brooklyn ahead of them when they're #27 on the list.
Dengue-Fever::read the top comment you idiotic moronic of a NY fan
benkimhine::I think they've had the 3rd toughest. But again, I selectively took away their two wins over teams with excellent records to show that the rest of their competition was 24 and 30. Miami was their first game after the hurricane, which I am sure had them playing very emotionally. Their win over San Antonio is well, just pretty damn impressive. They played a good game where the rest of the team stepped up because Carmelo was denied the ball. But outside of that, I am not convinced.
Rkingofqueens::What you think is wrong. It was announced at the game last night. Maybe after defeating New Orleans that changed, but going into the game they had the toughest schedule.
Rkingofqueens::Knicks have had the toughest schedule in the NBA so far.
Rkingofqueens::Facts are facts.
sports_IQ::Uhh., every one of those teams but NO was in the playoffs last year no????   Ok, now look at everyone elses schedule and no one other than LAC has had a schedule like ours.  So NYK have played one team who didn't make the playoffs through 9 games...find a team who's had it tougher
sports_IQ::Doubt it all you want, it's a FACT the NYK have had the toughest schedule thus far so look it up and then doubt it again....
TreC1983::philly twice? orlando, dallas, indy, new orleans?  Nice wins over Miami and S.A. but where's the rest of the toughest schedule?
Dengue-Fever::Toughest???...seriously doubt that...that last road trip for the Heat was no cake walk
yourmothersmustache::Youre an idiot and heres why.  For the Knicks to win 44 games they would need to go 36-37 the rest of the season.  That will not even come close to happening.  I know math is difficult for mongrols like you but you need to try harder.
Webelieve012309::Benkin........this is what happens when you talk before thinking.
parafal::i dont even like the knick NYK and they will win more then 44 games... half the east squads are pathetic if you have PHI, MIL,CHI, BRO, BOS ahead and they are a 6 seed ??  wheres MIAMI?
benkimhine::MIA instead of MIL
mrfotns::Wait untli Amare comes back and picks and Pops with Prigioni, Kidd or Felton off the bench.
Road dog Red::and oh yeah.. watch out for Chicago fans.. they SUCK. Real Bad haters
Road dog Red::its good to see NYC back on ESPN...  keeps it all going round
Road dog Red::Amazing the difference a year makes... over 4 thousand posts for a non televised Knicks (without Jeremy Lin) regular season game.. who would have THUNK
NYCSportsFan22::Not televised? You still ain't get NBA season pass yet? Come out of the dark ages bro.
Road dog Red::oh yeah.. like everyone one posting here has NBA  season pass but ME....SURE
Road dog Red::Dang.... last 3 years the NY Knicks board has had more non-knicks fans than Knicks... look at y'all now...like roaches crawling out the woodwork.... lol
fresh3155::Once Amare comes back it will mess up the flow of the team.  Less shots for the outside guys...who are making almost everything under the sun right now...and if they follow last years path, less minutes for tyson chandler--which means the defense suffers.  The only thing they have going for them is the East is just turrible
thadrummabangs::The Knicks' biggest asset is their defense. If it weren't for their defense, they would not be winning by the kinds of margins they have. Amare can play good defense when he wants. So as long as Amare buys into Woodson's system (which he will), the Knicks will have nothing to worry about. Honestly, I'm not thrilled with many of the shots the team takes. Often they're forced into last-second threes and JR Smith/Felton/Melo one-on-one's. The Knicks could use some points in the paint, and Amare worked with Olajuwon this summer.
fresh3155::But who loses shots when Amare comes back?  Melo is going to take his, JR Smith is a chucker,...everyone likes Novack shooting the 3.  That is what I think Miami's problem is right now, Ray Allen is a good shooter but he commands a lot more shots a game than Mike Miller did.  Amare isnt going to just take 5-6 shots a game, he wants 12-15.  It changes the overall flow of the offense
fresh3155::You dont need to take 36 3's a game...but you are winning doing it.  That is all I am saying.  The flow for the Knicks right now is good and brining back one of the Big 2 when they did it will change things.  Also everyone is talking about the Knicks defense is playing great--Amare isnt the super defender.  At least Rasheed still takes pride in playing some defense
DanNYC2816::chandler playing less minutes isn't a bad thing, he's been in foul trouble a lot lately anyway. Sheed is playing way more minutes (and taking more shots) than anyone expected. And its not like we need to take 36 threes every game. Amare will fit in fine, whether he starts or comes off the bench
alexhernandezh::I'm thinking the opposite.  The flaws with this team came with the old system.  This is the new Woodson system and also, Amare flourished with Felton running the point.  He will buy in to the system and we will all love him for it.
37376::Gotta give credit where credit is due. The Knicks' defense is quite stellar right now. Let's see if they're able to keep it up, but right now they're one of the toughest teams in the NBA to score on. So long as they maintain that's going to take them very far in the playoffs.
DolphanNumber1::The second quarter seems to be the knicks sloppy time...if they can buckle down and play good D in the 2nd then they can be holding teams to 70 points regularly, great teams between 80-90
The Gambler is back::Oh Snap! The Knicks are good and will contend all the way to the finals where they will most likely win the title!
alexhernandezh::Truthfully at the beginning I wasn't thinking title.  I was thinking playoffs, but not title.  The Knicks are proving to be contenders and showing 2013 title is up for grabs.  There is no cake walk to a title and Miami will surely be a beast in the Playoffs.  Have to wait and see.
Feces Pantalones::sshhh....Knicks are a work in progress.  The critics stop by to look over their shoulder and try to point out why it is not going to work.  They are protecting their home floor and winning on the road.  November will turn to December and then to January.  sssshhhh....the Knicks are working....the louder the critics...the more successful the worker.  Yes it is just the beginning of the season, but if the Knicks were losing the critics would be screaming about D'antoni and Lin.  Bring it on haters, this is New York.
DanNYC2816::Novak is ice cold right now, which should have the Mavs very worried....
nba is the worst::Getting good looks too.  Why would his crap shooting worry the Mavs though?
nba is the worst::Nothing wrong with being optimistic
DolphanNumber1::yeah he's about to light it up ..... Mavs watch the F CK out!
DanNYC2816::because it means he's due for a hot streak
KinickDiaz::Man you Idiotic Knick haters are making your jealousy so obvious with you low IQ comments......talk real basketball for once...... the hate is getting old....the Bumas.s excuses as to why we win are getting old..... your felton n melo jokes been old, step your game up....like the knicks did
BXwarriorBX::mike woodson is a better coach than dantoni he had horford ,smith and jo Johnson  winning 50 games a season he will get amare to play good
BXwarriorBX::knicks shooting to many 3ss to make up for not having a steady pick n roll game melo is the only low post scorer until amare returns. knicks are gonna be a very dangerous team when amare returns.
Keithsmail7::Rasheed is scoring in the low post.
nba is the worst::Knicks have the #1 differential in points and efficiency in the league. Biggest turnover differential. Only 1 loss. And all the doubters can say is "wait until Amare gets back".    8-1 is reality, people
coljetsfan::To all you Knick non-believers, you starting to believe it now?  The Knicks look good and have the best bench in in the East.  The Knicks won by 22 against a struggline team.  When you're a good team you should win games like that.  Melo barely played in the 4th and obviously Felton has revived his career and is one of the best point guards in the league right now.  We have the NBA Defensive POY in Chandler and we can rain 3's with Novack and Smith.  This is a dangerous team who should go far this season.
coljetsfan::And all this WITHOUT Amare...
WapoHeatFan::YEA KNICKS BEAT THE WORST TEAM FROM LAST YEAR.. CONGRATS
DanNYC2816::The bobcats were the worst team ever last year, but the hornets were worse?
nba is the worst::<b>104-84, heatfan</b>
Explode321::If the Knicks squeaked one out by 2 points on a last second 3 to win the game, I wouldn't be that happy.  The Knicks beat a bad team by 20+ by resting their stars in the 4th.  It's time to wise up as a basketball fan and respect the Knicks' talent.
OmniVersal::Worst team? Did you forget about the Bobcats? Just cause the Hornets won the lottery doesn't mean they were the worst.
parafal::thank D Stern for that... the fix was in on that so called Lottery
KinickDiaz::Idiot what did you expect???  to lose to them .... GET UR DUMB AS.S OUTA HERE!!!
nyknicks03228::even if my previous post becomes true i still think no matter what you have to bring stat off the bench, carmelo is an mvp candidate at the power forward you cant mess that up. I think the idea of him coming off the bench has more to do with carmelo being to deadly there compared to stat and his struggles
nyknicks03228::im trying to be extremely optimistic here, but maybe what if stoudemire comes back and everyone knows he isnt as explosive as he was but olajuwon tought him how to play a basic post up offensive game, and he and felton work that pick and roll magic from a couple years ago he wont be half bad on offense. And if carmelo can buy into playing defense and team basketball why cant stat, im praying amare is mature and smart about this whole situation and instead doing his own thing, he should just assimilate with what the rest of the team is doing. this team easily becomes just as good as miami if that becomes true.
OmniVersal::Melo and Felton continuing to make these so called "experts" look bad lol
LuciousGray::Knicks are too good to be true.  Amare will fix that.  Can't wait till he comes back, haha.
Bayan7maestro::Steve Novak - 2-10 from 3 point land,   25min 0 ast 0 stl 0 reb  smh
Chinko and The Beard::MarshMelo is the real deal I wish he would do another Ghostbusters movie though.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::pretty STUPID actually, while you're looking for new material, find a life and quit looking at men. 8-1
knicks_11::booo
smokeysaj::The home crowd cheering for the Knicks, stay classy Nola.
rollinprideaz::started following this online bet system called Sportsbettingstar a couple months ago. I have made about $3,000 a month average so far.  I was looking for a handicapper one night and just google searched the words  Sports Betting System, it was there on the first page. Didnt seem legit at first but ended up being awesome.
rollinprideaz::betting with a system for sports bets named Sportsbettingstar. I have made over $3,000 a month for three consecutive months now since I found out about this system. You can find it on the first page of Google by searching the phrase Sports Betting System. At first I thought this was going to be bogus but ended up being awesome..
Jets Yankees Knicks 1988::where are all you haters at!?  you could talk about steve novak's slump, fat jokes, etc.  where are you cowards!?  you were always very much active last season....
Chinko and The Beard::Some guy called TheRealMelo keeps buying all  my Twinkie boxes on Ebay.
Bertlog::im sorry felton! i thought you would suck this season because of your fatness! i stand corrected~! u da man
bwc2000::he is shooting 3s.. if he can't he sucks.
RO7NY::watch the San Antonio and Memphis games then repeat what you just said.  Felton is scoring everywhere... you sound ignorant.
Ev-Dawg3000::I'm Predicting a Knicks-Nuggets final
keyvinnn::Man, star players always be scoring like 20pts in the first quarter then 10pts total in the remaining quarters.
KnixTix::Correction...star players like Melo played so well in the 1st half that he was able to sit out the 4th qtr b/c we have a back-to-back.  He could have scored 50 if he wanted to.  Just be happy we showed you mercy!!!
glites11::What are the Knicks gonna do when Amare comes back?!!!!!
KnixTix::Destroy everybody!
JustinTimeHeHe::Even the Lin fans are ashamed of Lin... smh. EXPOSED.  lIN, FOR THE WIN, HE SHOOOTS...airball
bwc2000::why is he still a factor on this board? he is not a knicks anymore you bitter knick fan.
JustinTimeHeHe::Knicks&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Nets. Too bad there is never any Nets fans on here for us to brag about that to.
KnixTix::Reggie Evans will be fined for flopping after tonight.  NBA used him as the poster child to demonstrate what flopping is...and he still flops???  http://dmmx2.nba.com/videourlredirect?&amp;project=/bballops/bballops_Flopping_Video_10_3_12
Clips--like--this::i  cant   wait to   defeat   these  knicks -deandre  jordan
thebassofthesea::So is Jeremy Lin still better than Raymond Felton?
bwc2000::3 point shooting YES.. else they both the same... but felton should have more experience so he should be better.
KnixTix::Lin is garbage!
montoyrd::Melo is too nice!!! and Rivers is coming along he's gonna be nice too
Michael2209::Too many Knicks fans here... Here's some Hornets post-game analysis for those of you interested. http://www.spinitreacts.com/2012/11/quicky-reacts-knicks-breeze-past-davis.html
Michael2209::Hey man, no AD tonight.  Cut us some slack. Do you know how much it hurts to admit that the Knicks are better than the team that you're a fan of?  And yeah, Gordon's still "hurt."
godsent224::we were suppose to beat the Hornets no need to rub it in. I hope your team gets healthy and causes some ruckus in the west.
KnixTix::And the Knicks are without 2 starters.
KnixTix::Post-game analysis?  Don't you mean post-mortum analysis?
whatsdoing::that lineup is terrible... where is eric gordon?  still hurt??
Clips--like--this::eric  gordon  healthy?if  he  was  ,hes  something  else,i  would  want him  back   with  the   clippers
NYRar::GO RANGERS GO
whatsdoing::yes the season is go-ing going gone.
Kenan 11::Since Knicks fans basically own this board... http://www.spinitreacts.com/2012/11/quicky-reacts-knicks-breeze-past-davis.html
ChargersFan4Life001::well im gonna go cause im def not going to the other board, gn to anybody still here.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::gn boogie
