Mickey Doherty::Remember when espn didnt force you to use facebook for comments? I miss the days of 1000+ comments during pregame. I wonder if ESPN regrets that decision, losing literally thousands of unique hits.
Minnesota Sports Memes::Meow ;)
Jarrod Mauren::a couple hundred insightful, intelligent comments is 10x better than a few thousand pathetic, trolling comments.
Matthew L Smith::^ amen. what Jarrod said. Take out the 4000 smiley face spam comments and all in all its about the same.
Devin Baranick::Keep up the momentum Wolves! The wolves are one of the most unpredictable teams I have ever seen. They can look amazing some games, and pathetic in others.
Luke Zacharias::I don't mean to be whining, but we all know that we should flat out have some more wins because of late game officiating (the Clippers game for example).
Jarrod Mauren::Luke Zacharias We just need to play better, and we would be better. We've played nowhere near where we are capable of playing.
Joe Coburn::Wolves take the lead 88-86. First time in the game. This is where bad teams like Philly fall apart.
Jake Pool::Can someone,anyone please tell me how the f u k barea is still in this league.man he is awful
Matthew L Smith::clearly dont watch or know much about basketball. He is a spark plug game changer and usually very good at it.
Rob Horton::Matthew L Smith No...He dribbles erratically up the floor then thru the lane until he loses it out of bounds or puts up a shot under the basket....Have watched him a looooooooooooooong time!
Steven C Niska::Rob Horton: He's somewhere between your guys' comments. He has a tendency to think he can do more with the ball than he actually can, but he's also not the worst guard you could have coming off the bench. If he could be smarter with his shot selection he'd be a solid bench player.
Mitchell Lively::Robbie Hummel stand up!!!
Luke Skare::This is pathetic
Joe Coburn::It is simply amazing reading these posts. Ron Schaffer, the Wolves have played by far the toughest schedule in the NBA thus far in addition to 7 back to backs. I expected them to be 8-12 after their first 20 games, they went 9-11. Just wait for January, we will go ahead of .500 for good. I still predict the Wolves to win 46-48 games. They are right on schedule.
Jesse Huber::(insert obligatory golf clap)... I'm pleased the Wolves did in fact beat the 76ers tonight, but how in the world do you fall behind, at home, or even on a different planet by 19 points to the 76ers after 1 quarter? Like I said, I'm happy they won I'm not trying to be a downer here, but holy crap, a little defense please?
Chris Paisley::they have had a ton of back to backs.  They look tired
Jarrod Mauren::This should be a blowout. Knowing the Wolves, we'll let them stay in it, hopefully they don't steal this one. We've lost way too many winnable (poor teams and/or blowing leads)  games already this year. Love should have a HUGE game tonight especially coming off of last nights performance.
Jay Weisser::what Baffles me is the fact that Dieng & shabazz never play & Trey Burke starts for the Jazz. Granted the Jazz suck this year, but I think I'd rather have Burke as a backup or future starter if something happens to Rubio, over Shved & Barrea. jmho
Jesse Huber::I was so surprised that many fans were down on Trey Burke when he was coming out of Michigan. Like that dude can't ball? Haha... if you can play, you can play. It's that simple sometimes.
Joe Coburn::Not pretty, but a win is a win. Now before anyone goes all ballistic again, the wolves will continue to have the toughest schedule in the nba by far up until dec 22nd. So nobody freaking panic when we all be;ow .500 again for a bit.
Joe Coburn::*fall below .500 for a bit again.
Rob Horton::Toughest schedule?  Aren't you supposed to win games when you're a "playoff team" quit making excuses.
Joe Coburn::Rob Horton Your supposed to win enough games by the end of the season to make the playoffs you twit. And they will.
Tony Hartmann::Another example of what a group of front-running, heartless pansies the Wolves are. From a disgruntled Wolves follower.
Ron Schaffer::The Wolves need something. Too much talent to be sub 500.
Michael Carter::Come on Wolves...this is a team you need to beat at home.
Jeffrey Reed::Go Wolves! :)
Mickey Doherty::Go Wolves!
Jeffrey Reed::Go Wolves! :)
Jarrod Mauren::Maybe it's time to start blaming Adelman... the effort level is just terrible way too many nights. Guys seem disinterested and tired. I put the disinterest part on Adelman and the tired part is BS. We should not be tired, our starters didn't play in the 4th quarter last night and we were only in Detroit. Just a joke really. This 2nd half must be better.   Also guys like Love & Martin shouldn't allow this to happen. It's embarrassing really.
Rob Horton::I've been blaming him since we hired him.  Why did Houston give up on him?  He doesn't connect with today's players and he decides things like Tubby did at U of M.  Wolves will miss the playoffs.
Jarrod Mauren::Rob Horton His offensive system is great and Love and Rubio and Martin seem to like him a lot so it's also hard to say he doesn't connect with the players. There is something about him though that just seems to be holding this team back. And if D-Will turns out to be a good play I dunno.....
Rob Horton::Jarrod Mauren His success in playoffs is from the early 90's...It's obvious he doesn't connect with players when he'll bench anyone except Love at any moment.  That includes Rubio, Williams, Shved.....Time for Flip!
Bill Golamb::I was just at this game... and it was terribly SLOPPY. It looked like a pick up game at the gym on several occasions. I'm surprised they managed to come back from such a huge deficit, but every team makes a run. Tonight, the last run came from MIN and they needed every shot they could get.
Joe Coburn::This ones for that Troll Horton.  http://www.basketball-reference.com/coaches/adelmri01c.html You seem to forget his success with the Kings all the way up to 2006. So, no, his last success was not in the "Early 90's"
Rob Horton::LOL...1st round loss successes?  Quit smoking tonight, OK?  You might reconsider how you use Google, buddy!
Jordan Straub::Why does Shabazz Muhammad not even get a minute and Robbie Hummel gets playing time. Does Muhammad not know how to hit 3's? We draft two players that don't even get any minutes and we play the white guy that we draft in round 2.
T Michael Olson::The only reason Hummel went in the 2nd round was due to the knee injuries he had. Its why he is a rookie this year. But to me if you watch both players play you can see that Hummel has a better grasp of what Adelman wants done. Not to mention its beyond obvious with the way he has dealt with players since he got here if you dont get into his rotation you are forgotten on the bench. Then if you look at last years draft you could also tell they were trying to trade out of the draft entirely. The players we got last year are players who have a fit later on as they progress in their career.
Minnesota Sports Memes::Hey guys, my page is SO CLOSE to 200 "likes". I would love to have more Wolves fans to interact with on my page. Give us a "like".
Steve Francis::Let's go Tankadelphia, Wiggins, Parker, Randall, Gordon, Smart are lookin NICE!
Tony Hartmann::I can't see how the Wolves have a chance in the West when they aren't able to bury a team like the Sixers at home.
Joe Coburn::Maybe because its a back to back?
Tony Hartmann::You have a point, but they are professional athletes and are playing at home against a horrible team
Joe Coburn::Tony Hartmann they have been very disappointing in todays game, but not for the season.
Jason Rosenbaum::Look on the bright side, Philly fans. Evan Turner almost got a triple double tonight.
