dysraw1::I think the NY fans have been patient with the coaching staff but its time for some new blood to take over
dysraw1::Jeremy Lin is like a poor mans Steve Nash
dysraw1::ricky-D must go with his 7 second offense  get the hell out
9dmost::thank you time warner cable for blacking out the msg channel. i don't have to watch this sad group of individuals called the knicks. time for d-antonio to hit the road with all his cronies.
njl64::D'Antonio watch now in effect..  The Knicks are  on the Clock..
Jeffrie1133::It"s a horrible show to watch the Knicks play. You got T. Douglas the point guard taking 13 shots and making 3-shots, laundry fields takinf 2-shots and no bacskets, b. walke 2 for 9, t. Chanler 5 for 7 and A, Stoudamire 10 for 20. Just on shots taken T. Douglas should be on the bench . T douglas  has to be rewarded for minutes to play for assist and not for shots taken.  Now let's look at J. Lin 6 assist maybe he can carry the torch along with Davis when he comes back and if  B. Davis Cann'T handle the load you have J. Lin. BUT I still do not get it, you cannot let everyone have a license to shoot bricks. you got the other team hugging C. Anthony or A. Stoudimire work the bal to Chanler. the defense is better but i have seen some games that if the opponets are on fire the Knick defender lets him go because he passed the ball. Guess what the ball it's coming right back to him and 3-ponits and see you later.may u shouls swicth to zone and guard tighly the hot shooter and give him different zone looks will defineitely help. I still say let D'antony coach the team for 20 more games and if the teams does not win 13 out 20 games the coach has to go. Ok then let's go Knicks
CandyMarino69::The team is loaded with selfish players.  I agree let Lin do his thing and be the floor general now that all before him has failed.  He's got the smarts and skills to do it.
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::I was calling for Lin weeks ago and everyone told me I was crazy...so I suggeted cutting him then and LOOK for something else....now they are reduced to playing Lin out of necessity....no real wy to work a guy into your system. Mike D is a moron!
iMarkSchneider::Dolan continually hires and trades for fellow narcissists. Isiah, Marbury, Carmelo and D'Antoni are all egomaniacs. So it's not surprising that the Knicks haven't played team ball since Dolan owned the team.
ajayi1987::lol you guys were laughing at the mavs...when we didnt resign chandler...we saved money still have a decent record and still have a chance to get dwight and deron...the knicks have a great GM lmao
carols222::His point is the Knicks overpaid for chandler
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::No they didn't...without him this team is riding a donut right now. And I know I wasn't laughing at the Mavs...I WANTED TC last year.
randallk3::TC has played great. He's the furthest thing from the problem  you sound clueless
MAGICS SUCKS 24::NY FANTASIZERS
NYRNYK2012::is there an undo trade option?
CandyMarino69::It's Lin time!  Given the minutes, he will produce.  He's probably the most productive player on the team and is a TEAM player as he led in assist.  If he played a  full game, he probably be averaging 20 pts, 12 assist, 6 rebounds, 4 steals.....
CandyMarino69::why you have to hate?
blindcow94::the guy is trash lin is part of the problem
knicks_11::oK . Carmelo Anthony Didnt say a word, before or After he got traded, to the team, and to the players, and yet he played good ball with them before he got traded. Thats True Professionalism. We Dont want Cry baies in NY. So fucc that Amare For Dwight trAde Rumors.
RobYanksFan13::trade carmelo for deron williams and give d'antoni the pink slip (we are waiting phil)
jvernum20::Perfect trade scenario: Melo and fields for Iggy and Lou Williams good fit for both teams
randallk3::umm no
dysraw1::43 3s indeed
dysraw1::this coach understands nothing he even has poor clyde befuddled
dysraw1::so i hear that dick dantones job is safe  for the moment well prepare for more losing
Mr. Scratch::Houston's Conundrum:  they want that lottery pick to be high, but not Top 5.
I Make Sense::Houston's bench &gt; NY's starters You have hit a new low when Chase Budinger kills you...lol
greenlandnyk::Knicks recap for the week! Melo took the wrong games off, I have my on opinions but leave that alone! D'AnFoni signed his pink slip 3 times,A'mare showed he's far from being washed up as Stephen A $@%! claimed!! Baron Davis is very close to his return,JR Smith tweets he wan'ts to be a Knick which if the GM's are smart they would make that happen fast or quit!!   TeamKnicks  FreeMikeWoodson  SignJRSmith   Follow me @KnicksNYNY100 on Twitter
randallk3::you sound like a moron
MAGICS SUCKS 24::ur a dumass ur team sucks deal with it
TANNERAM::I think what they are missing is Chancey Billups.
blindcow94::if he was on the knicks hw would be injured like last year
randallk3::were missing a coach
RockyMountainHokie::have you seen how bad chauncey is shooting for the clips?  really think that would help NY?
Eric6203::Like everything else in America what did the Knicks in was greed and a lack of patience.   The Knicks had built a good quality of young players through the draft and trades.  The Knicks had a team with chemistry and potential but blew it all up for the immediate gratification of  potentially buying a championship right away.
randallk3::umm no they had good team of role palyer that would have never won a thing. The players are not the problem  We have a great front court and a coach that continues to think shooting 3's is going to work
Jamaal 43::My Knick wish list: Get Melo back (100%) and fire Mike "can only coach run and gun" D'Antoni !!
Jamaal 43::Melo this and Melo that, you guys are talking about him even when he doesn't play. (Get A Life)
Hippi-Kat::The Knicks have been broken for a long time, and the main reason for that has been poor player acquisition. They've been adding players with poor character, that's the bottom line.  I thought last years trade with Denver was horrible, because they gave up so much for one player. Sure Mello has great skill, but he's not a leader. The recent glory days for The Knicks, were due to both talent and character, Ewing, Houston, Oakley, Jackson, Starks, and others, these were talented TEAM players, not just talented individuals. Too many players today are dedicated to getting bling, instead of the ring. For me, even though I'm a Knicks fan, they are a prime example of this problem with NBA players today, and their superstar me first attitude.
randallk3::umm  no, get a clue
Dave5227::"Coach, its Melo! I watched that game the other day where Billy Walker shot 47 three's and it gave me an idea!"
88bobalicious::The biggest problem the Knicks have is their own egos.  I mean Melo+Stoudemire, that's a lot more ego than LBJ+D Wade. They expect to be an elite team just by showing up, why? Cause they have two top 20 players on the roster?  They expect to be elite and then act surprised when they're not, you have to earn it, nothing is guaranteed.  That's why other teams like Denver and Indiana overachieve, they don't expect to be great, they just work their tails off and their record tells them how elite or not elite they are
randallk3::umm no, watch a game and get a clue. ego's what are you talking about. How does jacking up 43 3's about ego's?
nycpratl::wade and lbj (whether he ever wins a championship or not) are among the best players to ever suit up.  stoudamire had periods of (offensive) greatness in phoenix.  same with anthony in denver.  neither is comparable to the miami duo.  knicks have problems top to bottom.  dolan has made a mess and as little incentive to change it.  team is worth more today than it ever has been.
kush manbear::chukmelo and sodomizer are hopeless
randallk3::as hopeless as your intelligence
barteltd::The pathetic thing is that the Knicks are probably going to get in the playoffs anyway.
16Lakers18::Are you sure about that?  They are in 11th place in he East.  Best chance is to catch Cleveland who is improving a litle, while the Knicks are getting worse
Roague::knick boards are very quiet these days
Rome7Hills::This Knicks team is the biggest disgrace I have ever seen from any NY team in history.  Unbelievable and pathetic.  Such an embarrassment.
gwaller8::At least the Knicks have their defensive specialist in Jared Jeffries, right?  #payrollthief
kush manbear::don imus &gt; knicks
CandySparker::Hola!
zachrlee::I thought the whole point of having a "Big Three" is win a championship. Right now, the Knicks look like a lottery team. There's a cheaper way to become a lottery team.
zachrlee::Amare Overrated
jordanroxall::I have bet on sports for a few years now and have tried a few handicappers with no luck really. Alot of people blog on here about betting and so on. In Novemember I started betting with this site sportsbettingstar.com. I have only lost one bet so far. It is a 2 game series betting system but I have done better with this system on betting than about 7 or 8 other handicappers that I have tried in the past that I got screwed from. Thought this would help the bettors out there.
nystateveteransportman75::Even '04-'05 Stephon Marbury with the Knicks &gt;The Knicks now
nystateveteransportman75::The NY Nuggets keeps losing again while the Denver Knicks and even now the Boston Celtics are starting to win. What is it going to take James Dolan before you team clean house from top to bottom?
Uponthedownside::A huge part...Everyone wants to blame dantoni...and I agree he's a big part...but this is all Dolan...He's the genius who "stepped in" last year and got the deal done that left us with Melo and the Scrub Squad...
expos8674::That would require Dolan realizing that he is also part of the problem....
bmprez::another spineless performance from the knicks, the knicks curse continues. Doesnt matter how good you are, as soon as you put on a knicks uniform your doomed to failure
Uoflcardsboi::We should test it by making the Thunder trade Durant to the Knicks.
rj10328::having your espn.com account banned or suspended &gt; Knicks
dpas569::yea, i'm out to. my wife looks like she's peeved at me because i took too long on this board instead of coming to bed with her. to the doghouse i go. pray for me. it's been great though. and in leaving i want to quote Don Cornelius by wishing everybody " Love, Peace, and Soullllll!!!" i'm out
thartmann6873::beautiful. Quote that is.
rj10328::sleeping in the Dog House &gt; Knicks
HotPotato1990::I pray for your soul, my good man. An angry wife is the most dangerous thing in the world. Peace out.
HotPotato1990::Good night to you all, my fellow Knick-haters. It's been fun. Hope to see you all again in 2 days for the next Knicks loss. Until then, Peace!
jcr54321::Well peace out guys.  It's been real, seen some great quotes and i think i posted a couple funny ones myself haha. Later.
ChiGuy1002::Joe Paterno's knowledge of "man" and "rape" &gt; Knicks
Inesperado19::<b>Sleeping after a long night of trolling &gt; Knicks</b>
randallk3::You have to be one of the weakest "trolls" i've ever read.
SEC white trash::Night
FlyGuys623::well see ya guys. just another profile of mine that will be banned or suspended
thartmann6873::I'm crashing too. It's been fun. until the next Knick's loss
HotPotato1990::Yes, yes. See you in 2 days then!
shelesh_kim::me too!
thartmann6873::awesome! Count on it!
JDyNaStY24xX::Jets &gt; Knicks
