DADA::This NY knicks stage is called "FANSANITY", fans are getting angry at their overpaid, overweight SUPERDUPERMELOSTAR performance. Get your T-Shirts now!  Plus, JR Smith is INSANE!  Literally...  He was seen practicing by himself and mastering the art of passing the ball... to himself.  Today, he is insisting that he had 7 more assist that should be added to his stats.
Truth Be Told::The worst part of this season for Knicks fans is when they have to hand over that lottery pick in 1 of the best drafts in ages to Denver. Orlando gets whatever the worse pick is between the Knicks and Denver this year from the Dwight Howard trade. If Denver and the Knicks both continue to lose they make out like bandits.
An AZZ MAN::The New York Knickerbockers have had Pro Sports worst management  since Mr. Ewing played. They been through coach after coach, had HORRIBLE GM in Isiah, have made plenty of washed up has beens very rich, The vbest thing to happen to NY in the last 2 decades was Linsanity and they just let him walk. Finally someone put a charge in the franchise and they said we are not having any of that. Curry, Starbury, Francis, and many others came there and got BIG money when NO way they could earn it. Now it's Melo and Smith. NY management must have never watched the 2 of them play..2 of the most me me me players ever to play in league! Hey why not offer the N.Y. legend Patrick Ewing a job as head coach. It cannot not get any worse than it has been for 2 decades.
Misha::Bring back Bernard King! Even at 57, he'd probably still be an improvement over the clown brigade in rotation right now.
Gateway::You know there is a serious problem when your two best scorers shoot 15/35, have 10 turnovers and only 3 assists.
Jay::First of all, we need to cut Chris Smith and pick up someone with heart and energy from the D-League. Secondly, we need to stop ISO Melo and JR "chuck as he pleases" Smith and get back to fundamentals of team basketball.  Lastly, get back on playing D. The Knicks never won games being an offensive power house. Back in the days, we always won it with D! We need to play KMart and Coles more minutes.
Gotham::On the bright side the atlantic division's the weakest division. So the knicks need to find a way to win without Chandler til the start of 2014. Im sure they'll come up with a W on the road tonight. But tommorrow have mercy on the knicks soul because the mighty Pacers will invade MSG.
Jer::Why is Woodson not giving any minutes to Cole Aldrich? Why would you not play your backup center when your starting center is out for two months with a broken leg? I mean, what is the point of having a backup center if you're not going to use him for exactly the situation that warranted him being on team, I don't get it. Instead he plays Bargnani out of position for almost 40 minutes. Then he talks about how tired the team was during the game. Yeah, ya think?
Bobby::Golly gee, more outstanding shooting performances by Anthony and Smith.
Binh::I agreed with Heinzy K that most of the NY Knicks Star players are lousy players. This team has more stars compared to any NBA team and these guys are also all high paying guys. However, hey they can't play the basket together. The N Y Knicks owner and management team should consider about letting the young rookie players have a chance to play and get rid of these lousy players(high cost players but unproductive guys).
