Jamie 1144::Who needs love to score 30 or 40 pts per game? They win more when he doesn't.
bradwinsall::true, but hes wasting our field goal attempts, he should just rebound and never shoot
951Antonio::Austin Rivers is on his way to a 15-year Hall of Fame career.  If this guy doesn't score 25,000 career points, have nearly 10,000 career assits and be the league's all time steals and three points made leader, I will be surprised.  He is going to make folks forget about Magic, Jordan, Isiah and LeBron.
flomer11::LoLZ!
.United We Run Divided We Walk.::Idiots in here
ukerday00::love is a cry baby
Yu_Darvish_and_Ichiro::AK47 !!!
the departed movie theatre scene::S K O L W O L V E S
deanharrison94::Pek is a f*king beast
arenal11::we HAVE to give him an extension before he hits the market or we are screwed.  i'm hoping he'll take a bit less to help the team out and i think he will.  seems to be a down-to-earth guy, who doesn't need a max contract to tell him he's a solid player.
just woke up from my hour long pacquiao::some team will overpay for him and the wolves will be stuck looking stupid. he is playing on par or better than what hibbert was doing last year and teams severely overpaid for him just because he was a center. pek is getting max money if yall don't act now.
deanharrison94::Idk about that. With these Europeans that are real talented but don't get the exposure, its easy for them to jump ship and take the big pay day that the Euroleague teams can offer them. Nonetheless I'd like to see him get the recognition he deserves
mihesq::If Love is struggling with shooting because his hand is weak, then why the hell is he out there to begin with?
MattRamsayMoore::Kevin Love has been the worst defender in the NBA this season. Dante and Williams are far better options then him atm with the way his offense has been.
arenal11::ah b/c he helps the frontcourt, rebounds well, and has had games of 30+ and 20+ this season.  He's really out of shape compared to last year and yes, his hand is still bothering him.  Still I'd rather have him at 25mpg than Williams at 25mpg, which would happen if just Dante and Willliams were available at the 4.
bamafan27-3::I think all he cares about is his stats to be honest.
arenal11::oh please if he cared about his stats he would be sitting out until completely healed and then another week or two and get his shooting touch back in practice.
karelp::It's kinda starting to look that way.
mihesq::exactly
karelp::Or at the very least, why is he shooting so much?
SFEST13::Love + Pekovic + AK47 + Rubio + Shved/Ridnour. That sounds delicious.
Kobe - The Brick Factory - Bryant::<b>Blake Griffin &gt; Kevin Love  FACT</b>
mauer_7isgreat::you truly are an idiot. besides making a shot every once in a blue moon and flashy dunks what does blake griffin do? Love is a much more consistent and all around player than blake griffin is. Griffin would not be talked about if he wasn't flashy.
Zippppppppp::He rebounds, scores efficiently and while his defense isn't great it is better then Loves. He is also a much better passer.
minny snowta::that is not fact at all.  career against each other love is 3-1 against the clips.  he also shot a game winning 3 pointer last year and the ball landed right in front of the black gingers face as the buzzer sounded.  love has a better shot, hits his frees, a better rebounder and just as good a scorer.  so klove and kobe hater explain yourself before you perform another elementary act of immaturity before you text: this guy &gt;that guy like every other moron on here.
Minnysota Vikings::I don't think I'd go that far. Blake Griffin is pretty dang overrated too.
PoRtEr_24::Wolves win again with Love stinking it up....NBA better watch out when he eventually gets back into the groove of things and Rubio comes back.
karelp::His two worst games were after he whined about his contract...coincidence?
arenal11::i think the jeers he got at home vs Denver bothered him, and you can tell his hand and legs aren't completely there yet.  I'm hoping come January everyone is back and healthy save for Bud.
jarrollin::totally no coincidence
Tpupnation22::I mean i think people are getting down on him too early when they need to relax and give him some time. Be supporters and not such haters.
MattRamsayMoore::Why would anyone make such a bad player the face of the franchise. The Wolves would be a playoff team this year for sure if they made Pekovic the focus of the team and put a league average PF in Love's place. They will probably wind up just missing the playoffs again this year.
mauer_7isgreat::Kahn should have made love the face of the franchise 3 years ago. he didn't and love sees that and is clearly pissed. i would be pretty pissed too if i was that damn good. even though he has struggled as of late. he will pick it up again.
karelp::Hard to support a guy whining about his contract at this young an age.
arenal11::i can understand why he is upset over the years of the contract, he's never said it was the money.  however, this is what, his 3rd time of being an idiot and opening his mouth....hopefully this time he has learned his lesson and keeps it in house.
jarrollin::I can't help but hate a little.  If he finishes the season like a pro, I'll forget all about it.  And so will he
Tpupnation22::his fingers are still weak so its obviously going to affect your shot. but the rest of the team is doing great stepping up. imagine if he starts making his shot how dangerous we will be.
karelp::3-17 followed by 4-18...I don't ever remember a player having two such horrible games back to back, and I've been watching the NBA since 1971.   I'm sure it's happened, but I sure can't remember it.
arenal11::Jordan has many horrible shooting nights, but still got his 25+ b/c of FT's.  I think he needs to take the mindset of not shooting outside until his hand and legs are completely back.  Stick to drawing fouls, scoring inside, rebounding and ball movement.
FinsCanesHeat03-22::http://a.espncdn.com/combiner/i?img=/i/headshots/nba/players/full/4291.png&amp;w=350&amp;h=254  D-BAG^
jarrollin::He shouldnt have to carry the team anymore.  But if this play keeps up, he should have to carry their luggage
MAHOGMA66::Wonder when KLove's team mates will start complaining about Mr 62 million's failure to pull his own weight-guess they've got too much class to do that.
jarrollin::when they want things to go to hell.  one complainer is more than enough
BABY IGGY..HARDEN IS A TERRORIST::may i join your clan of cats?
jdoom1345::"The wolves fans on ESPN.com have too many cats"  --No one ever.................... except for some bears fans last week on the Vikings Bears convo lol
Just one mans opinion::Join up
Just one mans opinion::Nba tv just said klove has thumb contusion...DTD
arenal11::if its just a bruise he'll play.  I'm hoping its not hyper-extended as that seems to be the wolves newest thing :(
PhilMNAP::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hm3D4wKe8fY Love it everytime.
jdoom1345::Most class out of any NBA fan base
Hank10593::Like father like son, they both lost tonight.
DARKO MILICIC the GOAT::THOSE CORNBALLS AT ESPN JUST BANNED ME AGAIN OVER THE ROB PARKER ARTICLE.
rleroy1967::Goodnight everyone!  WOLVES RULE!!!!!!!!!
Just one mans opinion::Nite. Good game wolves
Tyler BarnesMNSports::SKOL WOLVES!
Tyler BarnesMNSports::We Minnesota fans don't have much to complain about. 11-9 is awesome through the first 20 games of the year, without Rubio, and all the other injuries we have had. We haven't even played that well in these first 20 games, yet we have ourselves a winning record and in playoff position. We are only going to improve, and get better!
arenal11::we have to beat Dallas and Orlando b/c that Miami, NYK, OKC stretch is brutal...especially on the back end of a string of games and 2 of them back-backs.  who the hell creates the schedule?
mnohsix::I'm okay with love missing shots, we have other players to pick up the slack. We shot 53% with love's poor shooting--great!!!
rleroy1967::Wolves on the way to winning 60-70 games and people are ripping Love.  What's up with that?
arenal11::you are dreaming dude.  i'll be happy with low 50's.  i just want a top 10 fully healthy roster for a week before i start making projections.
rleroy1967::73-9
Heater_Gooch_Deux::65-17?
Heater_Gooch_Deux::alright Im out of here.. Hope Loves bruised hand heals quickly, we are going to need his 7-35 shooting over the next few games.
PhilMNAP::T'Wolves had 70 points in the paint, LMAO. Outscoring the Hornets by nearly 30.
mnohsix::Awesome.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::I love the way Pek played. Absoulte Beast
Minnysota Vikings::Kevin Love should watch this video and skip to 5 minutes in. He should feel ashamed of himself after watching this.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ef-f7EeDpYI
gsquared112::4-18? Don't want to say K-Love is quitting on his team, but.... Thing is, KG never quit. And now he's a champion. Love will never lead a team to victory. Might get a ring by joining a superteam and riding coattails, but can't lead anyone to the promised land. Heard it here first
webst251::Quitting on his team? So just missing shots on purpose?  He's trying man just in a poorly timed slump after saying that stuff about the TWolves front office.  Quick reactions like saying he just isn't very good after only a few bad games is the tell tale sign of sports fan who never played the sport.  Just needs to get his shooting touch back, that stuff doesn't just disappear forever.
rleroy1967::You're invisible to me&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;TROLL!
gsquared112::Then why have you replied twice?
rleroy1967::TROLL&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;BE GONE!
gsquared112::OK, maybe he's not quitting. Maybe he just isn't very good
Tyler BarnesMNSports::After watching AK47 the past couple games, i have came to the conclusion AK47 &gt; Batum
PhilMNAP::Both are very similar, right now AK is better though.
PhilMNAP::And AK can still play for awhile, 31 isn't that old and he hasn't slowed down at all.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::. In 5 years, who knows where Batum will be, but yep, right now AK is better
rleroy1967::Batum will get better but I'd rather have AK47.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Same. AK47 does so much for the team. He helps us win games.
rleroy1967::On my way to pick up my FREE taco for Wolves scoring over 100 points tonight!  :)
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Hey United We Run, were you at the Prior Lake game tonight?
Heater_Gooch_Deux::alright sorry lou...  we will trade you lou amundson for austin rivers straight up.
Uhggly::I get that Minnesota isn't a defensive powerhouse, but to give up 27 point to Austin Rivers is criminal
Uhggly::hey a win is the point anyways.. just saying Rivers has been a bust so far.. so it surprised me
rleroy1967::Also, statistically MN is one of best defense teams scoring wise in league.
Just one mans opinion::The kid got hot, happens to everybody now and then
rleroy1967::He was hot from 3.  It happens.
Uhggly::yeah.. I guess if Waiters can get hot, anyone can get hot
Darko THE GOAT MIlicic::luke rindour= where amazing happens
Heater_Gooch_Deux::you act like he is a bad player.
Uhggly::he has been a very bad player
Uhggly::that's like a months worth of scoring
Just one mans opinion::If Anthony Davis played 36 minutes his numbers are 19 pts, 10 reb, 3 blocks.  How can he be playing only 28 minutes Monty?
Just one mans opinion::I'm just venting at the coach not playing him more dude
Just one mans opinion::It shows what he does when he's on the floor
Uhggly::you can't just +36 everyone and say that's their numbers
Just one mans opinion::If that's not how they're using him, he is being wasted
Just one mans opinion::Nite nite I watch it every nite. And have for yrs
Uhggly::no he's not.. never mind I actually watch basketball.. Goodnight
Just one mans opinion::He's a shooting specialist, comes in to hit threes and stretch the defense.  U can't do it the whole game, just in spurts
Uhggly::that makes no sense.. to say someone doesn't play because they are a shooter.. actually think his game mimics J.J. Redick
Just one mans opinion::Cuz he's a shooter, like Steve Kerr.
Uhggly::cool.. then Jimmer Fredette is averaging 21.6 points per game.. how come he doesn't play more Sacramento?
Just one mans opinion::Yeah u can it's called points per
Darko THE GOAT MIlicic::cause he uggllyyy.
rleroy1967::Wolves haven't been to playoffs in 8/9 years.  Gotta win games like this and tomorrow against Dallas!  Keep it up!
bradwinsall::Gotta say, for the wolves being such a small nba a market, we do have a pretty active fan base. if you look at all the other games tonight only 3 have conversations with more than 1000 posts. those other 2 involve the lakers and the celtics. WTG twolves fans!
rleroy1967::Yep
bradwinsall::lol you still got some work to do. you guys got snow on the ground yet?
Darko THE GOAT MIlicic::3500
rleroy1967::Where we at now?
rleroy1967::I'm going to keep posting till we get to 5000 :)
rleroy1967::Because we don't want to go outside.
Darko THE GOAT MIlicic::we have the best fan base.
rleroy1967::The Wolves don't want KG and he doesn't want the Wolves.
PhilMNAP::FanofTexas28 You really should stop acting like we were the only ones trolling you guys. It went both ways.
Heater_Gooch_Deux::KG is and will always be my favorite NBA player of all time.
maxadamson::Nope Ricky Rubio and Pek are my favorite tpups of all time.
Darko THE GOAT MIlicic::but remember I'm the GOAT of journey men.
Darko THE GOAT MIlicic::thank bro.
Heater_Gooch_Deux::Darko you are my favorite journey man of all time.
Darko THE GOAT MIlicic::What about me???
Will Conroy.::Ur my Fav.
PhilMNAP::It will be like that for most Wolves fans.
Rip City Forever::The boss
Rip City Forever::How happy would u guys be if somehow kg came back and retired as a t wolf? Wow that would be cool
VikingsRavensMN::Utah just got their $@% kicked
Let Kobe Shoot::Tough loss for the Pelicans tonight, Greivis played great, get 'em next time!
Just one mans opinion::Gotta get Monty on the right page though
Heater_Gooch_Deux::you might be saying that for awhile.
GaspoMinnyFan981::6th seed right now
GMEN.DYNASTY10::hope they trade love for amare
Heater_Gooch_Deux::of course you would.
GMEN.DYNASTY10::never thought i'd say this but... Rivers&gt;Davis
Just one mans opinion::1st game u watched?
Minnysota Vikings::This is why KG is still the best. What a great guy he is.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pgvpyHdIlA
Rip City Forever::I love kg he's a true class act people can say he's dirty or whatever but that dude is professional
VikingsRavensMN::He has nothing good to sayy about our organization....
Minnysota Vikings::as he shouldn't.
GaspoMinnyFan981::Rubio! Rubio! Rubio! !!!
VikingsRavensMN::Cool, Rubios stats aren't as impressive, But when you are doing amazing passes to Wesly johnson and the last years team... You won't accumulate the stats...
Heater_Gooch_Deux::No one is talking about his stats..
grant1simons2::I see a trade of Kevin love in the very very near future.
bradwinsall::if we do trade love, it would be great to ship him somewhere he'd loose even more.
johnnyw98::Love and barea to Detroit for knight monroe and cash
