markrolfsen::If the hornets could have/ would have kept trevor ariza to play the 3, then they almost definitely would have above 10 wins and be more respectable. With Aminu not being played and not much production from the SF position every game, the hornets will remain incomplete.
BRAY5150::Anthony Davis will end up being a decent player but won't be anything special
OPENLYUGLY::Maybe some day the Magic brass will wake up and figure out why opposing PG's light them up every game. Until then........... they will continue to lose.
lbirdie123::When was the last time a CENTER played 33 minutes and got   THREE  rebounds?  That is LAZY!!!  He had his  GREATEST offensive game of his career - Hats off for that effort.  This team has some bad players and needs some spark somewhere.  I know one thing the name will not do it!!!
netdawg8::It's not lazy. Watch just him. He gets in great position. But then he's not athletic enough so people tip it over him or just step around him. He's not a good defensive rebounder at all.
HoraceGrants::Remember when Orlando was good?
Chris31708::Remember when the LA Lakers were good?
Rip City Forever::Austin rivers is so bad omg
Rip City Forever::Robin Lopez played like his brother tonight and got a whopping 3 rebounds lmao
Rip City Forever::The pelicans is the worst name in pro sports history
netdawg8::Lakers, Penguins, Clippers, Magic, etc.
TheCronoMasterMind::Dude must have a Nicholson fetish. He's always complaining about the guy not getting as much playing time. We don't know his practice ethic, but we do know the dude isn't the best defensively. His offense is pretty good, but it defeats the purpose if your lack of defense gives the other team just as many, if not more, points than you yourself have scored. He gets minutes, and he doesn't always produce. He's had a couple good games so far, but he's not the most consistent. He'll have to build his game off of the minutes he's given. Until then, you don't have to talk about him all the time.
adam83stl::What happened to the unibrow kid?
951Antonio::When Austin Rivers balls hard, the Hornets are very hard to beat.
kaharevic::You mean if? Cause I haven't seen it yet
951Antonio::Jeremiah and Austin Rivers COMBINED make the 20th best point guard in the WNBA.
superbearsfan1::when is moe harkless going to be on the bench, i would start drew, jj, and moore over him all day, forget size the guy is all talent and no production.
phunky58::get 44 out of orlando and on a team that will give him the mins he deserves.
phunky58::welp maybe they will cuz there is a def log jam
trizzo23::i agree...magic need to make a trade..make some more playing time
phunky58::ya drew should play instead of harkless too, he doesnt do nething.  his shooting % is awful.  yeah they wont see the floor which sux real bad and is a shame.
trizzo23::i think  coach wants him to play hungry..he looks like he needs a nap all the time
trizzo23::same can be said of harkless ...turk and harrington get back both wont see the floor
phunky58::scored 1 pt less than guys playn 30 mins. sick of jjacque bein stupid
trizzo23::i think suns last game he played well...low rebound numbers..no defense..bad rotation...ayon much tougher he needs to play like a POWER foward not guard
phunky58::ayon is beat, drew is so much better than him.  u got to give him his mins or u could lose to the pelicans like tonite.  its that simple
phunky58::he had 1 bad game, last game he was 4-7 last game in 11 mins.  he def didnt hit a walll
trizzo23::he cant even score latley...looks to me like he hit a wall
phunky58::he's a scoring machine u cant let him sit on tha bench.   he not gona get better  at D sitting,  its just ridiculous
trizzo23::he has to learn to play defense...his guy always scores ...every single time!!
chris johnson 558::Afflalo took the ball to the rim with the confidence of LeBron James. Unfortunately he is Arron, not LeBron.
chris johnson 558::Baby,Hedo and Al..get well please!!! all these close losses are gonna start adding up...we have to get that 8th spot
joah5454_3::Austin Rivers is awful. The boy needs coaching
951Antonio::This is what happens when the media hypes you because you have a famous name.  I told folks that the first time I saw him in high school.  Jeremiah and Austin, same damn skills, just one was hyped to believe he was a NBA star.
superbearsfan1::the boy needs college, coach k could have made him in to a straight baller
michaeldb1234::WHAT A Terribla coaching job that was
trizzo23::magic would have gave up 120 if he played more
phunky58::sure it was jacque is stupid, drew sat the whole game, i guarantee they win if he played
chris johnson 558::trade afflalo for tyreke evans
dwighthowardsamazing::Trade him for Eric Gordon please I have always liked afflalo
trizzo23::no...no...no!
Brian53397::Play Utah everyone
mojart::hornets win.....
mdelver::Tyson is so whiny
phunky58::love they lost while sittin drew, wake up jacque
bigboibilly77::Orlando needs a lucky lottery draw so we can get curry from duke
phunky58::he had 1 bad game which was the game b4 last. that is the only bad game he had.  he was 4-7 last game
trizzo23::he has not played well last 7 games
phunky58::why so jacque can sit him on the bench like nicholson who is a scoring machine
mdelver::Phoenix can put up points watch out
Brian53397::Should have known without big cry baby hustle
Daryl_Dixon::Vasquez is an absolute stud, Lopez has improved so much, Rivers is a huge bust
21xxxv::fear the turtle
omegaluke::that is so true the Hornets wouldn't even have won a game without Vasquez or Lopez
Zlincoln123::Need big baby ASAP!
chris johnson 558::dear afflalo you are not kobe bryant to take the ball in the clutch time you suck
Uhggly::I'm just wondering when the fax is gonna come through to let Austin Rivers play less minutes.. he has not been good and doesn't deserve those minutes
dwighthowardsamazing::He is sadly the best we have he was on the bench behind roger mason and Xavier henry but got the starting job back
Phil954::I've been saying that all season. Waste of a pick! We could have got another big man like Sullinger at least.
Uhggly::I'm not ready to say bust yet, but he obviously is not getting better in the system the way they have it set up
Brian53397::Damn it Utah lakers lock tonite
superbearsfan1::i don't understand why vuji or ayon is in there when you have moore on the bench
Brian53397::They needed big baby
phunky58::they needed drew he plays better than big baby too. jacque doesnt know $@%! bout talent
phunky58::no andrew no win, i hope jacque learns from sittng 44.  wat an idiotic move
phunky58::if anything he is underrated  for sure
phunky58::he has the best fg % on the team wat are u talkn about, he shoots over 50 % in more than 75% of the games he plays.
chris johnson 558::andrew only score  with a low fg pct he is overrated
Omg its Darius::Finally we won game again
MagicBoltzRays::this has to be the most embarrassing loss in franchise history. (that's hard to believe)
bronbronsdad::One bright spot....at least we're not changing our name to the Pelicans
chris johnson 558::afflalo layup made us losing the game he sucks in the clutch time
mdelver::Can't stand jr smith
Omg its Darius::Omg we won finally sh*t
USMC3121::Hornets going nowhere but win a game they took from the sorry $@% Magic!
7649Jeff::I have been using a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. Im making around 2-3K a month profits using this system so far. You will find the system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems. If you bet on sports you gotta see this.
hankberg70::easy game to pick..NO 5-0 AGAINST ORL LAST FIVE
theprodctz::GG Hornets
bronbronsdad::Cant believe we lost  to the Pelicans!!! SMH
PodSox::went 0-4 on christmas day.  finally a victory
ccoyne60::Holy s**t! The Pelicans finaly won
phunky58::hahah eat it jacque!!!!  sit 44 see what happens  i love it
offdachiz::fly pelican!
JDAnderson94::Vuc? I mean, Vuc?!?!? Hahahahahahahahaha. We deserve to lose that one....
hankberg70::game over $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
