Paul Andrew Schumann::the Kings are struggling; just put Jimmer in!
Steave Hoover::Why
Steave Hoover::Why, they would win then!
John Larson::Steave Hoover They're not winning anyway, what do you have to lose?
Jay Dee::Kings can't win without Jimmer in!!!!
John Larson::And how do you know that?  They aren't winning with him on the bench either so there is nothing to 'lose' by putting him in.
Tyler Moss::Rip City! Get  ready for back to back wins against the Kings
John Larson::That should be easy to do!
Eric Thompson::Let Fredette play.
Ryan Keough::Why has Mo Williams been getting so many minutes with Damian Liliard on the bench? The Kings just severely reduced the Blazers lead to a two possession game, yet Liliard is still on the bench and Mo has been playing for 20 consecutive minutes
Matt Semperboni::Player of the game: Ben McLemore. Played 7 minutes and the only stats he recorded were 4 fouls.
Scott Smith::nah Id give it to Marcus. An amazing 2/11 for 5 points and 1 assist in....only 40 minutes of play.
Valerie Barker Eastman::Sacramento's Strategy: If it's broke, don't fix it.
Lewis Dolgin::Put jimmer in! The highest paid reserve in The nba! Malone has it in for jimmer!
Spike Stewart Rowe::See above comment to John Larson for some education Lewey.\
Spike Stewart Rowe::I just checked your music selection and i dont need to educate you on your music taste. B.O.C.; JP, Maiden, Led Zep, Ozzy and Black Sabbath I presume. Good taste in tunes form sure. "Up the Irons"
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I always love it when nba schedules teams playing each other back to back, i think it should happen more often, because most teams/players are amped up to see them again if they lose, but no ( they have to wait a few weeks or a month just to see them again ) maybe longer if they are opposite conference teams. Looks like im missing a good game. At this rate Cousins will have 36 pts and 12+ rbs when the game is over. Go Kings !
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Whats up with comments getting deleted, Specially when its all about basketball ? while dumb comments stay on. Its "should" not shud, grammar check buddy. Kings got this tomorrow. Love back to back games for 2 teams. Cousins was a beast today !
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::kings will be the laughing stock of the nba for years to come.. should of moved to seatle and get rid of all these players
Ernest Bagdasaryan::should have, could have dont matter, Seattle lost its team and probably wont get one anytime soon. If you actually know basketball, you wouldnt know about the maloofs. The kings started a new era this year with new owners/gm/coach and players. Please do your research before opening your mouth and making yourself look dumb.
Jason Strohmeyer::Ernest Bagdasaryan They shoulda have, at least then there would be fans at the games. I anticipate a whopping 10,000 fans tonight.
Jake Mac::Portland, trade Aldridge to Denver for Faried and Andre Miller?
Cordell Ingram::Trade Aldridge for a 1st rounder and some cash sure. For Faried who will never average 20 a game, and a 50year old andre miller haha. no
Jeff Vaughan::good idea if Portland wants to be a lottery team
GianFranco DeZola::WHAT YOU GUYS THINK ABOUT THE 2ND HALF LINE AT -3.5...?  BLAZERS OR KINGS?
Gauv Saeteurn::kings need to take out grevis or w/e his fken name is..that fool is too slow
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::they need to take out the whole  team.. whole team sucks at shooting... never seen a team who just bricks 3s .. never drives or post up
Patt Porter::Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel Talk about being negative. Shut up unless you can say something positive! Glad you don't live in SAC.
Tyler Moss::Grievis might be the only intelligent player on the Kings
Chham Tak Sean::Give it to the Blazers tonight, but tomorrow night, it's the Kings by 8.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::sacramentos offense.. = fast break pull 3 then brick LMAOOO
Gauv Saeteurn::somebody need to punch d cousins in the face in the locker room
Joe Perrotta::What's going on with Lillard? Didn't see him on the bench
Sean Cressier::Aldridge needs more than 6 boards this game..
Matt Semperboni::Where's Lopez's defense on Cousins?
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::shud of moved to seatle
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::this is so boring
