Rob Horton::Andrei Kirilenko opted out of a $10 million dollar payday with the MN Timberwolves to chase a title with the Brooklyn Nets for $3 million....LOL What an idiot!
Franc Camaj::I bet you he is making more than 10 mil, we just don't know about it.. Russian politics lol...
Rob Horton::Franc Camaj Just read your comment and it's only 6am here...lol
Brandon Tigues::free jimmer!!!!!
Matt Semperboni::Still don't understand that trade...Nets trade a boatload of first round picks and mortgage their future on 3 washed up guys. Didn't they see what's happened to the Celtics the last few years?
Paul Andrew Schumann::Celtics remained competitive.  They almost eliminated the Heat 2 seasons ago, and still made the playoffs last year.
Brent B Jacoby::Paul Andrew Schumann yea the celtics looked so good last year...NOT..paul pierce was ATROCIOUS last year...KG was also way under his normal stats and defense
Kool Kev::Brooklyn is such a disappointment!!! These guys are ridiculous, Billy King is gone!!!
Alex Washington::This is pathetic. This is absolute garbage. Nets should be ashamed.
Nathan Slaker::Kidd should put on jersey and play himself, couldn't be any worse
Alex Hernandez::Saddest thing is, I like the Nets and I always have.  It’s the sister team, whether in New Jersey or in Brooklyn, but the problem is the media creates this border between Knicks fans and Nets fans… and for what??? Can’t we just love both teams???  The Nets don’t realize, the comparison between them and the Knicks is bringing them down!  There is no reason for them to start the season the way they are but they listen too much to the comparison, and it’s keeping them down.  They are even put higher than the Knicks in the rankings (at least seven places above), yet they are worse in record and have lost to worse teams.  The hateration to the Knicks is killing the Nets because at the end of the night, even if the Knicks record is worse (which so far in the last few seasons it wasn’t), the Knicks will still be the NY superior team, especially when the media tries to prove different.  Just ask the Nets and their current record and their 2013 standings compared to the Knicks.
Corey Thomas::Well said couldn't agree anymore
Anthony Strait::You are so right about the Knicks being the notable NY team regardless. The Nets have struggled and its gone unnoticed while every thing the Knicks do good or bad garners attention from local and national sports pundits. They spend too much time talking up a rivalry with the Knicks and bashing the team instead of just focusing on winning games.
Ben Black::Russian billionaire has the sports media in his pocket
Tyrone Ledbetter::So since the Knicks are supposed to be on the verge of disaster after a 2-4 start, I'll wait for ESPN to do a similar write-up on Brooklyn who EVERYBODY picked to win the Atlantic....SMH
James W. Ballantyne::given all the phoney drama about the Knicks,,where is the doomsday drama for the Nets?...lol
Anthony Strait::Good question-I been asking that myself. lol
William Zander::kings nation
Randyl Ybanez::They should put an experienced winning percentage coach not an inexperienced drunkard coach!.. I feel bad for the BKN, I knew this would come, coz J kidd is just an overrated and  inexperience to coach a team..
Peter Pomarico::Kings win in a close one 105 - 19
Ernest Bagdasaryan::105-19, is this a typo, or did you have one too many lol !
Cajun Simeki::Wow scores are so close. Lol
Keith Dennis::I'm a Kings season ticket holder and last night they gave Brooklyn a royal a$$ kicking on both sides of the ball and completely dominated them physically.  Pierce, Garnett, Jason Terry and Deron Williams look terrible.   When did Deron lose his burst of speed?  He can't get around anyone.  Terry came in as a wannabe enforcer and was a joke.  Garnett sat extended minutes after being reasonably effective for a 74 year old.  Pierce still has game but he too is a step slow. Boogie Cousins dominated whoever they tried to put on him.  He is a legit All Star.   McLemore was the fastest dude on the floor playing with two extra gears than anyone else, and no one on the Nets side of the ball other than Livingstone stood a chance against him in that category.    Jason Kidd looked more like a bench spectator than a Coach.  His assistants did most of the talking... maybe all of it.   Not sure how much rope he has, but he has lost a lot of slack in it at a minimum.
Mang Artemio::nets will not make the playoffs if they continue playing this way... they should take advantage right now cuz they are all healhty no injuries to key players. d-will is a one-one player and no defense.
Matt Moffett::Trade Jimmer NOW!!!! Free him from this insanity. The kid can play ball and deserves minutes.
William Wright::Last year he really struggled on defense. It's kinda hard to put him in while having that huge hole. That said, I think he will see some minutes soon.
Marcus Godfrey::You can't keep him on the bench because of last year....join the present.  His defense has improved immensely from last year.  With that mindset half the superstars in the NBA never would have gotten minutes....it's called give the kid some experience.  PS Marcus Thorton peaked in New Orleans.
Chad Wiggins::watching jimmer play scrub time is more fun than watching the kings play anytime... FACT
Matt Mossman::another Jimmer Jihadist
Anthony Capoocia::Before this NETS fan gets upset...lets get 20 games in first.....then if they still look like S&%t then...
Randyl Ybanez::There is no argument on who is the rated coach between frank and kidd, laurence frank beats the heat while J kidd beats hdown his players!..
Danny Saxon::Sacramento almost loses team and how do they repay Stern? By NOT going to games! Unbelievable
Matt Mossman::15K+ is nobody showing up? The arena was at 90% capacity for two teams with a total of 3 wins in the middle of the week.
Danny Saxon::Matt Mossman You didnt sellout. After all that talk of blaming the Maloofs for not going to games, the Maloofs are being vindicated with each home game. Kings fans boasted selling out 19 of 26 seasons and they show up to games win or lose. Well... 2013 is a prime example of that sham. Win games fans show up. Lose and they don't. UNLESS you're the Kings fans since they blamed ONLY the Maloofs for bad attendance. Sacramento (outside the loyal fans) surely doesn't appreciate their team and the hard work people did to keep the team.
Michael Pitner::Danny Saxon since you brought up the Magoofs, did you know they traded a 1st round pick for cash so they could pay their personal bills? get a clue moron
Ernest Bagdasaryan::So whats up kings fan, who do you think will be inserted into the starting lineup today ? I predict it might be Thomas as PG, Ben McLemore as SG, and mbah Moute as SF.
Ronnie Saeteune::Vasquez Mclemore Moute Thompson Cousins
Chad Wiggins::Ronnie Saeteune its the kings who cares
Matt Mossman::....says the guy in the land of the Bobcats
Jamey DelliCarpini::Kings stand no chance, williams takes thomas out of the game and lopez takes cousins out of the game . who do they have to match pierce, johnson, and garnett
Ernest Bagdasaryan::LOL brooks lopez is going to have his hands full with cousins on defense, if anyone is taking anyone out, its cousins. Lopez will probably end up in foul trouble. He can go talk to his brother on how tough it is to guard cousins. Thomas is too fast for darron williams. Even chris paul had trouble staying with Isaiah. You obviously dont know your matchups very well. As far as garnett/pierce/johnson, they are all old being guarded by young and fresh legs. This game belongs to the kings. 100-90 !
Peter Pomarico::Ernest Bagdasaryan Wow man, you thinking about becoming an analyst? you should really check into it.. maybe at like a daycare center or something, youd make pretty good money man don't overlook the idea, i'm telling you!
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Peter Pomarico - Thanks for the sarcasm, you proved my point exactly. Im just stating facts. You dont have to take my word for it. Check it out for yourself. Cousins averaged 28.5 points in last season's two matchups with the Nets - his best showing against any opponent in 2012-13. That's a direct article from today's game preview. Thanks for contributing Peter, enjoy the game and have a great day. Yes i would make a decent analyst lol.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Time to bring in the reserves who need the mins. Jimmer and McCallum. Use em if you got em !
Chad Wiggins::yea right... sacramento is allergic to playing fredette
Matt Mossman::I guess it's a conspiracy just to hold Jimmer down (by three different coaches and two different owners). Maybe the real reason is the kid isn't very good. The Kings don't have a ton of talent. If Jimmer could help, he'd play.
Jamey DelliCarpini::not to mention that regiie evans is one of the best defenders in the league
Matt Mossman::LOL....for real?
Rich Lee::More like Brooklyn Queens. #3rdbass
Ben LeStarge::Sac Train keeps rolling: Destination 1-6!!!!!
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Ben LeStarge - Maybe, but i think after the 5 losses, the kings probably play the best game since Denver.
