Uan theTruth::As a former coach, now an analyst, I see the coaching staff not looking at the statistics.  When the kings are on defense whomever Isaiah Thomas guards is scoring at will. Look at the +/- Vasquez -7, Thornton -8,  Why not use the player in different rotations and use the strengths of your bench?
rm::After 4 Kings games, Jimmer has the highest shooting percentage on the team.  He has played about 3 minutes total in one game.
truetrue::Another note:  Patterson only got to shoot the ball 6 times???  You're kidding right???  IT shot 17 times???  The only players on this team are McLemore and Patterson.  The rest are a big flush down the toilet.  Cousin's with 5 fouls?  Really.  I thought he found religion?
gdp::SUCK SUCK SUCK Kings are exactly where they were last year.   ....and BTW Thomas, that incredible defender he apparently must be (or could be I guess because we don't see it because HIS guy scores at will every single time) actually doubled his steal output from last game. Yup, he got 1 which is double the zero he's been getting. What a defender. Wow. Good thing hes a lot tanner than Jimmer or where would the Kings be? Oh wait, they lose anyway.
daniel::Like I have been saying all along, the Kings are a disaster. They have a disaster of an owner, disaster of a head coach, disaster of a GM, disaster of a team.  And they aren't getting any better.  Plus, the head coach does not have enough brains to start Mclemore. The starting shooting guard job should be his, and Thornton needs to come off the bench.
schmoe::McLemore leads the team in scoring while he's just 7th in minutes played. Please just put him in the game.
Roger::The new Kings owners better figure it out..... at those high ticket prices their fans want to be entertained and Jimmer is their BIGGEST DRAW so wise up and tell your GM and coaches to start playing him and say WHAT JIMMER CAN DO rather than what he can't do. All Isiah Thomas is....a small 2 guard that dominates the ball as Kings continue to lose and play sub .500 ball.
C::Demarcus he just like disappeared the last two games T-T and Grievous Vasquez why no assists ahh so useless...
Flydog::The Kings continue to suck every year...doesn't matter if they have a high draft pick!
saulio::Horford was increible. Your defense over cousins was very good
