Lebron has one ring lol::Kobe is better
jlcougar72::Coach Smart thinks basketball scoring is like golf. Whoever scores the least wins! Such an IDIOT
MRcantholdmedown::"This is now MY TEAM!" -- Antawn Jamison
weadon13::they just keep winning.unreal
beverly.pouget::Well it looks like your Kobe s not playing tonight what do you think of that?
duh314::With  or without Kobe the Lakers beat the Suns
Mambaholic 33::Just more likely without
Bernard Pollard the HITMAN::Kobe will be back just in time for the playoffs and then Lakers will get swept.
duh314::thanks for the update hater news
I worship TV::Ok ok, let's give them at least one game.
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::As soon as Kobe kicked his leg out and twisted his own ankle, I knew the Lakers were going to make the playoffs.  Kobe shot them out of the playoffs last year.  Everyone knows he is a selfish ball hog who makes his teammates worse.  It's pathetic to say the least.  Good luck LA without that trash, I feel bad for that team and fans when the self titled black mamba piece of trash shows back up.
RobzMob23::Selfish ballhog with 5 rings.....enough said
duh314::Kobe has been in the league 17 seasons and missed the playoffs once....he got a team full of no names to the finals 3 years in a row stop it.
Willye04::He didn't get a team full of no names to the finals 3 years in a row, but you're a Laker fan, so why not make things up like the rest?  In the 3 1/2 years since Shaq was traded, Kobe and the Lakers were .500.  Pau arrives, they win 10 in a row - and 22 of their last 27 in games with Pau. But Pau missed 10 games that year, during which time the Lakers record?  A perfect .500! Vintage Kobe - always .500 without a top big man.  They went to the finals that year and the next two.  Wonder what the difference was?
magic1jordan2::nobody ever mentions or knows it but Jordans FGA was 23 shots a game.  In case you were wondering
-whoa-::a selfish ballhog who got the lakers 5 rings  a selfish ballhog averaging 6 apg  ok buddy
stairwell13::actually Kobe doesn't average 6 assists per game, any more lies?
Heritage Champion::Selfish ballhog who failed to make the playoffs and was one and done in the post season without Phil as the head coach. Selfish ballhog who has the Lakers bottom feeding in the west. Selfish ballhog who constantly throws his teammates under the bus to the media (Gasol, Shaq, Bynum and Dwight). Selfish ballhog who took33 shots to score 31 point the game that he kicked his leg out, injured himself then cried to the media... once again
magic1jordan2::wah
MRcantholdmedown::Pau to Kobe  "Since you aren't using my big boy pants, can I have them back now?"
LASVEGAS999::Mike Dantoni can coach without a starter that creates his own shot.  If one is in the lineup he struggles.  When Kobe returns they will stop his system and Kobe will continue shooting
Roflmywafflez::And continue to rack up double digit assists per game too?
stairwell13::I think the Lakers are a better team without Bryant and I know many others that do too.  Love it when the media tries to tell us what to think.  "Nobody thinks the Lakers are a better team without Bryant."  More attempts by the media into brainwashing people into what they want them to think.  Facts that can't be ignored:  Lakers are now on a two game winning streak without Bryant.  They shot 57% as a team because they didn't have one guy playing hero ball and making everybody else stand around watching him.  Steve Nash had the kind of numbers he did in his MVP days.  The Lakers record is atrocious when Bryant scores over 30 points.
Heritage Champion::Ball movement...
moosiphoosus::Me and you can beat the last two teams the Lakers played
duh314::The Kings and the Pacers ...you must can ball
Yadi is G.C.O.A.T.::so true, I only came here to mention they are much better team without the chucker.
Runninandgunninbball::Lakers without Kobe&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Lakers with Kobe  If you swap Kobe with Melo, u have same Laker team, which means u don't get past the1st round!
-whoa-::lakers without kobe= less rings
elibird5432::Melo can't bring what Kobe brings
Mister Mel::"That mofo's got some creepy eyes." -Xavier McDaniel, on Antawn Jamison
weadon13::u must be ghayy!!!
-whoa-::lakers coming for that 6th seed? i think so   clippers=3 seed = all home games for lakers
Lakers On a Murder Trial::Clippers half court offense will fail. The game will slow down and I'm not convinced on Blake Griffin  mid range game.
Mister Mel::And with their winning record against the Clips, that's as good as... oh. Right.
-whoa-::^nuff said
elibird5432::Yeah, but they won't be facing that team. It will be a Lakers them that has started to gel and is healthy
xxbasketballerxx::sirpablo $@%! off
TreC1983::"He shoots so much because he has to. Who's going to score if Kobe doesn't?"  - Kobe fans
titansxxfan::stairwell, elibird gave you plenty of numbers and facts and you still panned it. Do you want facts or opinions. Make up your mind.  "Lebron has never shot that (11 for 33)" WAAAAAA WAAAA http://www.thewineandgoldrush.com/lebron-james-worst-game-in-the-nba-how-timely/
titansxxfan::It had one when I liked it... Get your drool rag out and wipe Lebron off your face.
stairwell13::nobody said anything about Lebron, not sure where that came from.  Oh yes I do, you are trying to change the subject from the fact that the Lakers beat the Pacers and got exactly ZERO points from Kobrick.
titansxxfan::He didn't like his own post. I DID! If you've watched a Lakers game this year, you'd know that Kobe is playing as hard as anyone can. Stop being a hater and watch a game.
stairwell13::you idiot you can only like his post once.  what a dumb---.  I guarantee you I watch A LOT more games than you do.  I watched him shoot the Lakers right out of the Atlanta game and they still almost won.  Playing hard and playing smart are too different things.  Kobe plays for the name on the back of the jersey, not the name on the front.
elibird5432::<b>Fun Fact: Haters point to a game or two where some others finally step up and shoot lights out. MWP 10 for 13, Jamison 5 for 8 from 3, Blake 4 for 7 from 3. And shout the Lakers are better without Kobe, like they are going to play like this all the time. Yet fail to mention how Kobe has been busting his a.ss all season just to keep them in games win or lose and disregard all the games when they did not show up and Kobe was getting very little help from them</b>
stairwell13::and of course you have data to prove that Kobe has won 95% more games than he has lost.  No you just pulled that number out of your a$$
moosiphoosus::Nobody misses a player who shoots 11 for 33.  He cost them the Atlanta game, didn't carry them at all.  Kobe has won 95% more games than he has lost for the Lakers.  You need to stop your BS.
stairwell13::nice job of liking your own post.  Just keep letting Ramona Shelburne tell you what to think.  Facts are Lakers almost always lose when Bryant scores over 30 points.  Nobody misses a player who shoots 11 for 33.  He cost them the Atlanta game, didn't carry them at all.
-whoa-::yeah vs the kings at home LOL
DR_nbafan::maybe chris duhon or better yet robert sacre
elibird5432::<b>Fun Facts: Did you know there are only 3 non-PG's averaging 5+ Assists per game and Kobe is one of them?   Did you know that LeBron for all of his ballyhooed passing along with being surrounded by a host of shooters is only averaging 1.3 Assists more than Kobe this season?  Did you know that LeBron averaged less than 2 Assists more than Kobe last season? </b>
stairwell13::Fun fact:  did you know Kobe has 250 turnovers and leads the league in that department?
stairwell13::so are you acknowledging he leads the league in turnovers I take it.
duh314::what other numbers of Kobe do you have?  Did yousee any Lakers games earlier in the season Kobe running point with a floor full of no names?
TreC1983::what was the point you're trying to make though?
Willye04::Kobe has a career average of 4.7 APG.  On it's face, that's good for a 2-guard, but relative to those 2-guards, there's nothing the least bit striking about it - it's above average. Kobe has more total assists than any shooting guard due to longevity, which should be commended.  But to suggest it indicates an unselfishness for a shooting guard is absurd. It's 4.7 per game.  Add to the fact that Kobe averages as many touches as any player in the NBA and especially that the Lakers have never had a traditional point guard, you'll see crediting him on his assists is incredibly misleading.   Big question is - will Kobe remain the 4.7 APG guy he's been forever, or the guy who's now averaging 7+ in the last 6 weeks? Who knows?
stairwell13::Lebron has NEVER shot 11 for 33 in a game.
elibird5432::Point is evident to those with half a brain. Obviously he does pass the ball. As this shatters your whole Kobe just shoots and shoots theory. Willye04 I don't know what the hell you are talking about, "served"?
Willye04::He's not trying to make a point, he's trying a different tack to avoid getting served like he has previously.
Migster9::December:Jamison is playing awful March: Jamison is awesome
Alright Ive seen enough::June: Jamison is home contemplating retirement
Migster9::any top team should be afraid of facing the Lakers in the 1st round!
Id like to get one order of the pickled herring::Isaiah thomas deserves to be on a team that actually has a future
ChrisLA2010::I'm gunna love watching this HOF line-up miss the playoffs! I'm  really enjoying watching this HOF line-up limp into the playoffs! 8th seed LMFAOOOO!!! I wonder how much the Lakers are paying the refs to get them into the playoffs...  The gradual evolution of haters.....
Mtavarez727::http://www.squidoo.com/los-angeles-lakers-all-time-team
Mtavarez727::Lol the Celtics team is better
Mtavarez727::http://www.squidoo.com/boston-celtics-all-time-team
elibird5432::Did somebody mention Jeopardy? sokal-surf Posted. Funny!....lol  In case anyone missed Jeopardy the other night:    Trebek: No, sorry. Remember, they had a 60-plus win team two years in a row, as well as a back-to-back MVP winner. What are the Cleveland Cavaliers was the correct answer. Please, select again.    Contestant: I’ll stay with “Epic Failures” for 600, Alex.    Trebek: In July 2010, this NBA team claimed 8 championships before the season ever started, making it all the way to the NBA Finals only to lay a giant goose egg and blame the media for their apparent collapse and inability to win anything.    Contestant: What are the Miami Heat?    Trebek: Yes, nicely done!
Mtavarez727::Crazy $@% team! http://www.squidoo.com/los-angeles-lakers-all-time-team
SIR PABLO L0C0 RISES::8th seed LMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
elibird5432::Willye04 - Elibird5432 - "He has not even missed enough games to make a comparsion"  How many games has Kobe missed?    With a shortage of excuses, the popular one amongst Laker fans now, all newfound mathematicians, is "too small a sample size" ****************************** Why don't you research that and get back to us
ulam81::Look back to last year when Kobe was out. The Lakers were in similar funk when Kobe was playing and when he was injured for a span of 2-3 weeks the Lakers were suddenly winning without him. Laker players play better without Kobe, tha'ts a fact. quit trying to defned the sorry boy.
stairwell13::and they lost b.t.w.
elibird5432::Yeah, look back at last season Kobe played in 58 games. 2 of which he sat out on purpose to be ready for the playoffs. He averaged 30 PPG in the playoffs b.t.w.
Willye04::'at a boy Elibird! Way to join the pack of people (largely Laker fans) who just say things while admittedly not knowing what they're talking about.    No research here Elibird, since I know what I'm talking about before I say it. As of 2011 it was 104 games (per a Laker beat writer).  I believe he's missed 10 since.  Approx 114?  Since you'll consider every sample size too small if it doesn't support your thinking, fortunately we can look at all the various stages of Kobe's career - where the same thing (coincidence?!) continues to ring true. Threepeat, Pau-era, all 17 years...the Lakers win at a better clip WITHOUT him.
stairwell13::good comeback, where's your data elibird?
elibird5432::No they don't.
Lancercats::during the lakers 3 peat in the early 00's the lakers were  28-6 (.823) without kobe in the lineup
weadon13::kobe owns your mind....lmao
elibird5432::Really, I don't know that. I know he has led the Lakers in assists in all but a few years. I know that he is always in the top 3 SG in Assists. I know that he is always in the top 5 non-PG's in Assists. I know that LeBron is only averaging 1.3 Assists more than Kobe this season. I know that LeBron only averaged less than 2 Assists more than Kobe last season. I know that LeBron's career FGA is higher than Kobe's. I know that Kobe's career FGA is at about 19 FGA's.
stairwell13::just the fact that you keep comparing him to Lebron shows your acknowledging Lebron is better.
stairwell13::preach Heritage Champion!
Heritage Champion::LOL! Westbrook avgs 8 asts per game! So you're gonna tell me that he's not a ballhog? Don't hide behind individual stats. Numbers do lie when it comes to team sports. Kobe scored 31 the game he got hurt... but he took 33 shots to get there. there's no way that Jamison and Meeks shouldn't be averaging 12 and 15ppg respectively. Kobe is a horrible "teammate"
sutherlacd27::did you know that against the pacers in the 2000 finals they lost when kobe was out?
stairwell13::I know they beat the Pacers behind shaq's 38 pts and 16 boards per game.  Kobe averaged 15 on 33% shooting.
elibird5432::<b>Hater, lamo! hahaha;)</b>  <b>FUN FACT: Did you know Kobe &amp;; Shaq won 3 championships , despite having only 1 other player having a double digit scoring average? Kobe &amp; Shaq accounted for nearly 60% of the teams offensive output.  Glen Rice    15.9 PPG  2000 Championship Season Derek Fisher 11.5 PPG  2001 Championship Season Derek Fisher 11.2 PPG  2002 Championship Season </b>
Lancercats::yeah, kobe's a ballhog, we already know that
ElvinHayesRules::NBA Jeopardy:  Answer: 14-54  Question: What would the Lakers record be right now with legit refs?
Migster9::next question: what would miami or thunder record be right now with legit refs?
Steve91406::You are a tool, and we Laker fans already predicted what you going to say long time ago.
Heritage Champion::There's Nothin like ball movement and the absence of a gunner gunnning 33 times to score 31 points.
BigGulp142142::too bad.. http://tinyurl.com/balloonaccident enjoy
SIR PABLO L0C0 RISES::JOKE OF THE DAY:  The Lakers have a bright future.
HORNS-1-987::No
Heritage Champion::Not without Phil Jackson...
ElvinHayesRules::Looking really dim right now though. Will be lucky to even make the playoffs and this team is getting old and really lame.
elibird5432::Actually it's looking brighter and brighter as the Lakers are getting healthy and starting to gel. And winning without Kobe in the lineup is a big plus as to how well they can play and it only gets better with KB24 in the lineup.
Heritage Champion::Has nothing to do with age. Dallas won a title with an aging Dirk and ancient Kidd playing very prominent roles. It's a chemistry issue. Kobe is a selfish gunnner and D'Antoni is a bad coach
elibird5432::The Lakers <i>always</i> have a bright future. They have proven that time after time.
gmskking::Dantoni offense works better without Kobe.  We knew that from the beginning.
ElvinHayesRules::Take away an 11 for 33 guy and most offenses will work better...
SIR PABLO L0C0 RISES::How much do the Lakers pay the refs per game?
catsailordude595::That's true.  Shaq's signature move was a charge followed by a travel and a dunk.  Or was it a travel and then a charge?  Whatever.
ElvinHayesRules::They really should build a statue for them outside of Staples. Lakers haven't won a real title since '88...
ElvinHayesRules::For anyone paying attention, the Lakers are taking about 30 FTs a night to about 9 for their opponents as the NBA continues its push to lock up a playoff spot for them.
ElvinHayesRules::I'm only stating actual facts dumbo, too bad you can't reply with anything intelligent.
ElvinHayesRules::Look at the undeniable facts. 8 FTs for the other team ALL game. The game before that it was only 9 FTs the entire game.  NBA is fixing games here, it's pretty obvious.
ToniK24::The only obvious thing here is your stupidity.
OneMustFall::DH gets a ton of those fouls and he misses a majority of them. Instead of giving Howard the easy basket they're fouling him and letting him try to make his free throw attempts. But last night the Lakers just made their open shots while the Kings looked confused/desperate on offense.
ElvinHayesRules::We both know it doesn't explain the other teams shooting their season-low in FTs against the Lakers.
elibird5432::It depends on if you're driving to the basket or shooting jumpers. DH12 is patrolling the paint and deters a lot of inside shot taking
elibird5432::If you would pay attention you would also notice that DH12 gets fouled a lot
earlealston::I agree. I just get annoyed when Kobetards yell "refs" whenever (insert whatever team Lebron is on here) wins....
kcheck212::I don't understand the point in comparing LA with/without Kobe..he doesn't miss enough games to truly gauge it. Although, back in the 04-05 season he did  miss 16 games and look what happened, they only won 34 games and finished 11 games behind the #8seed.
ulam81::It's not just the numbers. Look at the way the players play without kobe. They look like they are more in sync and has freedom to play. Last year Kobe missed about 2 weeks and the lakers were winning in strides. The players looked refreshed without him. Things are just that way, just look at their body language and their intensity while playing without kobe. Should be easy to tell.
Willye04::More Laker fan mythmaking, unreal.   The 04-05 Lakers losing streak at season's end paralleled the loss of Lamar Odom, believe it or not. The Lakers were above .500 up until that point (which includes the games Kobe missed.  I've yet to see ONE Kobe apologist mention Lamar Odom's presence during those lean years, he of the 15/9 average.
ElvinHayesRules::I love it, has no numbers to actually back it up but it's not even close. Sounds like BS.
ElvinHayesRules::What are the records then..? Bet it's close...
Willye04::Elibird5432 - "He has not even missed enough games to make a comparsion"  How many games has Kobe missed?    With a shortage of excuses, the popular one amongst Laker fans now, all newfound mathematicians, is "too small a sample size"
elibird5432::No it's not even close. Kobe has played in over a thousand + games and has won more games than lost games. He has not even missed enough games to make a comparsion
earlealston::Looking at that roster, Kobe was literally the only star. THIS YEAR'S Lakers might have better luck, with "okay" players like Jamison, Howard, Nash, (and to some extent) Artest.
ElvinHayesRules::Don't they have a better record without Kobe than with him over the course of his career? That says a lot if it's true...
elibird5432::No they don't
OneMustFall::The Laker fans I've talked to outside of this forum concur that the Lakers as a team are playing better without Kobe. It's just facts. Not saying Kobe is a scrub but he's not a great team player.
catsailordude595::Very talented scrub.  Takes too many shots.  There is an inverse relationship between Kobe's scoring and the Lakers winning.
SIR PABLO L0C0 RISES::He's a scrub.
SIR PABLO L0C0 RISES::"The Lakers are a better team without Kobe"  - Prominent ESPN NBA analysts   "The Lakers are a better team with Kobe"  - fvsantana (guy from the internet)
fvsantana::pathetic
Lancercats::since the number of rings you win determine your greatness  Robert Horry &gt; Jordan, Kareem, Magic, Bird
fvsantana::you have to be a superstar m0ron
ulam81::Kobe Ride Shaq's coat tail first 3 rings and then second two he rode Pau/Bynum's greatness. Yea... thanks for telling us that he ride these superstar's coattails.
fvsantana::you have to be a superstar m0ron, dont come with that weak a$$ shet
elibird5432::Number of rings performing in a staring role and not a role player
Carmelo Team Wrecker::LeBron voted player of the new millennium.
Carmelo Team Wrecker::"If Kobe ever did to my wife what he did to that girl in Denver, I would sucker punch him and run to my bench."  Carmelo Anthony
HORNS-1-987::you cannot rape the willing
fvsantana::that white girl wanted it
fvsantana::lebron is not going to win more than 3 rings, pathetic for the "greatest player to ever play the game"(yea right)
SIR PABLO L0C0 RISES::Top Players in Los Angeles  1. Chris Paul 2. Dwight Howard 3. Blake Griffin 4. Earl Clark 5. Jamal Crawford
Migster9::Earl Clark? damn are you on crack?
Unsung511::and who on that list has been to the Finals ..Howard
fvsantana::loser
Carmelo Team Wrecker::NBA PLAYERS POLL Question : "Are Lakers better without Kobe playing?" Yes 69% no 24 % undecided 7 %
Lancercats::how did kobe vote 24 times?
elibird5432::Polling the 7 people you know is not considered a Poll
OneMustFall::I think the 24% are on here. lol
alequito305::Even if Lebron only wins 3 rings, he will always be a greater player than kobe
Migster9::$@%!$@!
fvsantana::hahahhaha with 3 rings, never
alequito305::Or russel better than Jordan
Lancercats::because Robert Horry is better than Bird
SIR PABLO L0C0 RISES::We don't have time for Kobe's ankle to heal, we need some urgency"  - Dwight Howard
ulam81::Pablo spoke the truth. More power to you friend.
ChrisLA2010::but earlier you were saying Kobe is a cancer to this team.... keep up with your own trolling posts pablo...
Carmelo Team Wrecker::"Kobe will be back and we will win the rings and then we will be freed."  Laker Fans Committed to Asylums
fvsantana::fail
lakerrrfan::For some reason watching lebron bull rush through the lane and dunk just isn't that satisfying for me. I much prefer watching a more finesse player like Kobe get his shot or make an incredible layup around the defense. That's just me.
ulam81::hmm... Easy dunk with high percentage shot that gives you better opportunity to win game or make the shot as hard as possible so you have a higher percentage of missing it but in the case that you do you look like a hero (hero ball mentality). I choose the latter.   Kobe.
earlealston::I like his playing style, I just don't like the fact that the offense is completely centered around him when he plays (despite having such versatile firepower). The injury he is healing from right now is the result of age + trying to carry a team.
Willye04::May not be satisfying for you lakerrrfan since you clearly haven't watched Heat games or LeBron highlights this year (or last). If you'd have seen even one, you wouldn't have shoveled that BS.  Only in the consistently incorrect narrative that Laker fans have dreamed up for themselves does LeBron only bullrush through the lane and dunk.
fvsantana::for those of you who think lebron is going to win many rings, i feel bad for you. he will be lucky if he gets to 3 rings
Carmelo Team Wrecker::fvsantana - for those of you who think lebron is going to win many rings, i feel bad for you. he will be lucky if he gets to 3 rings  ENVY
alequito305::Will technically they only signed up for 5 years so they can't get 6 or 7 w.o extensions, which could be likely if we keep dominating for the next two years
fvsantana::what happened to 5,6,7 rings? realistically, he will only win 3
Lancercats::3 is pretty many
fvsantana::not 5, not 6, not 7 hahahahhahahahha
OneMustFall::You're embarrassing Laker fans, man.
OneMustFall::lol  What a clown.
fvsantana::$@%! you and miami heat
OneMustFall::<b>"Nobody thinks the Lakers are a better team without Bryant"</b>  Actually I think a lot of people do. Even some Laker fans. The team plays better as a team without Kobe, I think that's obvious to most people other than whoever wrote this recap.
ulam81::I know a die hard laker fan that thinks they are better with Kobe. he started as a lakers fan and went on to hating kobe and now barely talks about the Lakers. I also am one of those people who liked the Lakers early on but hate the team more sine Kobe joined. Sorry but spolke the truth.
elibird5432::Only an idiot would think the Lakers are a better team without Bryant
Willye04::The only way they're definitively better WITH Bryant is if you disregard statistics and record-keeping altogether.
fvsantana::exactly
OneMustFall::wouldn't*
fvsantana::are you a laker fan? exactly, st.fu
SIR PABLO L0C0 RISES::They are better without that ball hogging clown. It must suck to play with that rapist.
fvsantana::says the kobe hater
Carmelo Team Wrecker::Why is LeBron so much better than any other player in the NBA?
fvsantana::why does he only have one? cant answer the question?
fvsantana::why does lebron only has one ring?
alequito305::That's trolling at its best.
Carmelo Team Wrecker::fvsantana - why does lebron only has one ring?  Why do you murder the English language?
SIR PABLO L0C0 RISES::Kobe has about 15 flu/fake injury games a year. That clown is trying too hard to have a Jordan moment. It's getting pathetic.
heom0811::lmaooo fake injury? FOH.
fvsantana::your mom is pathetic
