Kobe The Creator of Machu Picchu::Piston need to trade Stuckey or amnesty him and start playing English more...
mackfactor::This should be an above average game for Hibbert, rather than an outlier.
DWoe23::This articles says Calderon to the Pacers....wtf??
jhawk613::test testing
jimmy188710::Great game by the Pacers today, really nice to see us use our scoring depth and finally Hibbert had a nice night scoring and on the boards. I must tell you PIstons fans though dont give up on your team just yet. I see this team being back in the playoff picture soon, you guys have great athleticism and height, just give it 1 or 2 more years and i think you guys can be back among the best in the east.
Devinhuelsmann::"just give it 1 or 2 more years and i think you guys can be back among the best in the east."    Thats not saying much being the best in the east.
towery1::Major bummer to see Prince traded.  A good guy and a good player. Man, where does the time go?
nirvanarox67::Been following a bet system named sportsbettingstar over the past couple months. Ive made around 2-3k a month profits using this systems picks. You can find more on the system by searching google for sports betting systems
LilDwayne21::You've got a 27-19 elite basketball team going up a 17-29 lackluster mediocre Detroit Pistons team that's very much a work in progress. Are you surprised? I'm not. Look, when you've got a 27-19 record and are a top seed in the Eastern Conference, these are games you have to win. You don't sweat these games. They're warmup games. They help prepare for you the Playoffs, so naturally Indiana took advantage of the Pistons to help them get in shape for the Playoffs by blowing them out. It's not surprising. That's what you gotta do when the Playoffs are coming up right around the bend. You've got to make these mediocre basketball team your lil $@%!$@% to help prepare you for the Playoffs.
bamberg1977::I have a feeling this trade is going to really help the PIstons.   Singler is a much better fit at SF. Stuckey can play 3 positions, but isnt great at any. I dont think  Maggette plays. I still think he rides pine with Jerebko. W. Bynum will get all backup PG minutes and Knight will play almost all SG. I dont think Knight reaches his ceiling if he stays a SG forever, but I think its his best fit right now. Stuckey plays both SG-SF backup. Pistons desperately need a PG to take over. I would not be surprised if Calderon sticks around a while in Detroit. He's going to enjoy playing with this up and coming team. Good people and mature guys for age and guys who will enjoy playing w/him
qsdsafdf::Man, when I was little the Pistons were my favorite team ever. Prince was the last player left from that team. Thanks for the memories Tayshaun. Best of luck for the rest of your career. Hopefully every starter from that '04 team retires a Piston.  Calderon is going to make the Pistons a ton better but man is it going to be hard to see Tayshaun in another jersey
bamberg1977::That team seems like yesterday to me. That team was still relatively together 3 yrs ago. In fact, I notice this all the time when people write about Pistons, they exaggerate how long they've been down. We were coming off a playoff season 3 yrs ago. It was a losing record year, but we had a winning record before trading C. Billups, tanked with Iverson, but still make the playoffs. Since then only 3 lottery seasons have passed. We're in the 4th, and we may get  back after only 3 yr hiatus. I just read article today about trade that made it sound like we've been down 5 1/2 yrs. We won 59 games 5 yrs ago
Carmelloisfake::That block on Reggie still haunts me lol.  Great defender, definitely an underrated player.  His muscles are so little tho.
qsdsafdf::My excitement after that play was only rivaled by my excitement after Chauncey hit the 3 against New Jersey
ta ta39::Lose Prince and Daye for Calderon??? WTF
mattcowboys77::This is close to the brawl score.
dolik2::So what is the starting lineup gonna look like with Calderon?
ptglj517::Okay thanks ESPN for making me extremely happy then extremely sad.  "with Jose Calderon coming to the Pacers"  He ain't on my team!  He went to the Pistons!  Edit your recap ESPN!
ChumBeefBanned::You lucky Pistons get Jose Calderon
Zcrib___Shackle::#1 Pick in the NBA draft will be Ben McLemore  Proof: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98jfmb9e5sA
jdoane926::Georgetown boys went to work tonight.
Demon Belly::advantage: Hibbert
sean8567::ok
upl8dawg::Ive been following a betting system the past few months called Sportsbettingstar. ive made between 2-3k a month profit since I started using this system. You can find the system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems. If your a bettor you got to see this
Jumeax::Yeah, cos if i was making thousands a month ona betting system I dont whink i could possibly think of a better use of my time than going onto ESPN chat boards, and posting a msg that had nothing to do with the game, promoting the system becasue if such a system did work then more people using it could only reduce the amount of money the people already using it make, such a message would only benefit the sellers of the system  makes total sense to me
Spencer-Jones::14 boards in 24 minutes? Give that guy a starting role!
Demon Belly::too bad he's worse than Shaq at the free throw line.
Jumeax::Mr First three quaters,  Then start him and let him play till they  go all bash-a -Drum
LeBrons_BFF::Gameday Buck Go Boom!
rondo2KG::Did you just quote the the worst commercial going?
Rexanilatorz::ugh our back to back to back is next week
HawkeyeColts89::Pacers have 3 big games coming up....Crush them!!!
upl8dawg::Using this system for sports betting called Sportsbettingstar. Ive made around 2-3k a month average since I started following this system. You can find the system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems
upl8dawg::Ive been using a bet system called Sportsbettingstar the past couple of months. Im making around $3000 a month profits using this systems picks. You can find the system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems
Rexanilatorz::I can't believe this Heat/Nets game was tied at halftime.
jwright520::heat came to play
Jumeax::just didnt turn up will second half
Detroit Everything::the pistons make another trade before the deadline, book it. You can't leave a whole like that at SF which Singler won't fill.
FunkVolumeOF::Do you think IND can have a title run this season, with the return of Granger?
Taco with a Q::Its hard to say, if we improve on offense with him back then yes I do
jwright520::its possible. were a top 5 team
Rexanilatorz::The thing I am most afraid of is Bulls/Pacers getting 2/3 seed and meeting in the Semifinals and killing each other that the other team will get swept by the Heat in the Eastern Conference Finals
Momma Pete96::Although I hate to admit it, should the Bulls get Rose back this year, they will be a top 3 team, and if the Pacers are too...it's clearing the way for the Heat, and nobody wants that.
Rexanilatorz::BEAT THE HEAT!
Taco with a Q::Nice to see Hibbert get the most points tonight, he will need to do that against the Heat weak front court
Denis2224::1. Heat 2. Knicks 3. Bulls 4. Pacers 5. Nets 6. Hawks 7. Bucks 8. Celtics
Spencer-Jones::Celtics over Pistons? I don't think so. Now that they have Calderon and Boston lost Rondo I see the Pistons taking that 8 seed.
Taco with a Q::I still see the Pacers winning the division with our favorable schedule from here on out
Rexanilatorz::Bulls and Pacers both better than Knicks come playoff time
Taco with a Q::I dont
jwright520::i agree but our records might be worse
DetJoJo7::Are the pistons going to move Knight to the 2?
Detroit Everything::it depends, who would work better with the starting unit? Stuckey and calderon might be a sick backcourt.
LeBrons_BFF::Paul George, Terrence Ross, Demar DeRozan and LeBron James. Let's get these four guys in the dunk contest. If LeBron don't go, then replace him with Gerald Green. It would be a IND-TOR dunk contest.
jwright520::i like that
jwright520::his around the back dunk was nice. smith had some good ones tho
LeBrons_BFF::Yea, Robinson doing the same dunk just switching jerseys and Blake jumping over a car did it for me. Get rid of that. I think JR Smiths dunks in the 2005 contest were highly under rated. He should have won that contest.
jwright520::i hate props
LeBrons_BFF::Those are possibly the top 5 dunkers in the game. They wouldn't use any props just nasty dunks.
JollySwagman28::PIstons could've made every missed FT (15) and still lost.  HA!
Taco with a Q::Looks like the Bulls are finally going to beat the Bucks....LeSigh
HoosierHype06::Pacer fans, do you think with Danny Granger back we can compete for a title? I think we can
kenri15::Granger will have to come off the bench for a bit. I'm really liking how Lance is playing at the moment so here's to hoping the transition will be smooth and won't affect Lance too much.  With the Bulls, we can say they are a solid team. Even if they are barely over .500, they are also .500 on the road - something needed to really compete in the playoffs.
jwright520::yeah. its a 5 team race. heat, thunder, pacers, bulls, and spurs
jwright520::neh
Taco with a Q::No Clippers?
Area55andG2::Granger has to have a nearly perfect transition into the offense
Taco with a Q::Yet they are barely over 500 at home, they downplay their lesser competition a lot.  Im not sold on them
JollySwagman28::not unless Lance going to the bench magically transforms them into a unit that can play better
JollySwagman28::I hope you're right.
HoosierHype06::his recent play makes me believe he can
Celtics are too good::The Bulls are too beast this year
Taco with a Q::He wont be 100% this year
HoosierHype06::the Bulls? You realize Derrick Rose is coming off a torn ACL right? Not like a knee sprain, you have no idea if he will be 70% or 100%
jwright520::flip saunders is a moron
Celtics are too good::how many teams hav won a trophy without an elite PG in the past?? I can name a few
Area55andG2::are you implying the celtics are going to challenge in the finals? bro, bro, bro calm down
JollySwagman28::you're not making the playoffs.  you'll finish 9th or 10th in the east.
Celtics are too good::we are not making it that far lol
JollySwagman28::The Celtics will be lucky to stay near .500 the rest of the season.
Celtics are too good::ok whatever u say lol but ur scared of the Celts making the playofffs
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::not what we are saying, He is the best player on the Celtics. No arguments can be made against that.
HoosierHype06::Celtics Are too Good- even though we lost our best player. we will be better than before because without our best passer getting everybody open looks, we will have our 78 year old small forward in Pierce and our shooting guards playing point
Taco with a Q::-said no one ever lol
Taco with a Q::I know, thats why I added the LOL
HoosierHype06::i am summarizing celtics are too good
Area55andG2::for the sake of the pacers, I think a close game won by the heat tonight would be the best result heading into friday. maybe a couple overtimes
JollySwagman28::I haven't been to a game all year.  I live over an hour away and my satellite gets great reception.  (and the beer is better and cheaper at home)
JollySwagman28::Heat by 5 right now.
Taco with a Q::Im going to the game!!  CLUB LEVEL!!!!!   I CANT WAIT
Taco with a Q::I used to have season tix, 04-09 but with my job its hard to go to all of them anymore
Robdee999::Taco with a Q - Sadly this is only my 4th home game Im going to this year, but then again Pacers have played so many road games  I live in Florida so I've been to zero
Taco with a Q::You know I will 55!!!  I did all last year in the playoffs,  I went to all 6 home playoff games.  Spent so much $$ but it was so worth it
Taco with a Q::Sadly this is only my 4th home game Im going to this year, but then again Pacers have played so many road games
Area55andG2::make sure to start some "HE"S A FLOPPER" chants when d wade is taking free throws
Robdee999::Lucky.
Robdee999::8 pieces of chicken,8 hot wings, 10 bites. Game Day Bucket go   ..........(\_/) ...........( '_').........................................BOOM!!! ...../"""""""""""""\======¦¦¦¦D ------- /""""""""""""""""""""""\..........................  \_@_@_@_@_@_/
Celtics are too good::Pierce will run the offense and who knows &gt;&gt;.Iverson might get picked up by the Celts
Celtics are too good::I watch them sometimes...I am a big David West fan
Taco with a Q::OMG you are sounding like an unedcuated homer, I get that your a C's fan and thats fine to be passionate but to say stuff without any logic just kills me
Taco with a Q::Ive seen the Celtics many times to know that he is old and cant do what he used to do anymore,  with that said you obviously dont watch the Pacers do ya?
Celtics are too good::u hav never seen Pierce ru na noffense before???
Antonio1747::lol that'd be awesome to see as a non celtic fan.
jwright520::that'd be hilarious
Area55andG2::just stop.
Antonio1747::PG-Calderon SG-Knight C-Drummond PF-Monroe SF-Singler
Celtics are too good::Without Rondo, we are still very deep at the guard position: Courtney Lee Leandro Barbosa Avery Bradley Jason Terry  All above average Guards
Taco with a Q::Terry is having a down year, Barbosa disappears in the playoffs like he did with us, Lee is decent, and Ill admit Bradley is becoming a very good player but still not good enough to go far in the playoffs
hoops 112hoping::NO. none of them can direct an offense. They're all solid to above average scorers at the guard position but they're not great passers.
Antonio1747::None of those guys can run the offense.
Area55andG2::all those guys play the 2...
JollySwagman28::WHAT?  I'm done responding to you.  You're an idiot.
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::they aren't even PG's lol
hoops 112hoping::Atlantic Division at the end of the season: 1) Knicks 2) Nets 3) Sixers with Bynum 4) Raptors  5) Celtics
Celtics are too good::very funny and Bynum will still be bowling
hoops 112hoping::doesn't matter, Holiday &gt; any Celtics player.
Area55andG2::delusional Celtic's fan is trying to rationalize that they are better without rondo. He needs to go see a counselor
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::if this is true, then give Rondo to the Pacers for Augustin lmao
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::sounds like a deal to me.
JollySwagman28::we'll give them both Hansbroughs AND Augustin for Rondo!
Taco with a Q::Yeah no joke!!
Robdee999::He's obviously a Bobcats fan in disguise.
Celtics are too good::i never said tey were, but ur acting lik Rondo was such a huge loss
Taco with a Q::How is he not?  He's one of the purest PG's in the NBA
Taco with a Q::If Celtic fans think they will make the playoffs without Rondo then thats fine, they wont get past the first round however
osir1s9:::D
osir1s9::or pacers
Taco with a Q::Do you realize how bad your sounding "trying" to troll the Pacers?   I cant even take you serious without wanting to laugh my $@% off now
jwright520::f.uck that
hoops 112hoping::lol just get out.
Celtics are too good::if we face the Bucks or Hawks, we will
Taco with a Q::Maybe, but the way they played the Heat kinda makes me think otherwise, but it doesnt matter now
jwright520::c'mon taco we wouldve beat boston last yr
Taco with a Q::Maybe, but not the Pacers, not this year, last year yes
Robdee999::8 pieces of chicken,8 hot wings, 10 bites. Game Day Bucket go t(-.-t)  BOOM
JollySwagman28::gross.  that "food" is closer to plastic than it is to real food.
osir1s9::good boy. now go back to school
Robdee999::^ you're still here ????
Celtics are too good::wat u pacer fans dont realize is that the Celtics are better defensively without rondo on the floor and tey can be offensively efficient without him...tere is a reason y we were picked as the 2nd best team in the East
JollySwagman28::yeah and the Lakers were picked to be dominant.  obviously picking things at the beginning doesn't equate to the end results.
Taco with a Q::Yeah so much for that 2nd seed you guys have...oh wait....
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::yet not living up to that. not even close.
hoops 112hoping::by who? Hollinger picked us as 2nd, you guys as 3rd
Celtics are too good::start of the season
Robdee999::And there is a reason you're not....
