Jeffrey Reed::Go Wolves! :)
Jay Melz::KNICKS TAPE
Kess So Harlem::Jay Melz scotch tape
Ryan Beuc::Knicks don't stand a chance!  HOOOOWWWWWLLLLLLLL
Matthew L Smith::Anyone who doesn't think K Love is the Best Power Forward...has no clue.
Anthony Wing::pretty fuckin good sometimes
Mike Plummer::Kevin "I can't get no" Love is putting up MVP type numbers and Derrick Rose gets all the commercials.
Sean Kopp::K Love has a commercial with ESPN. Once he becomes MVP, he'll get more
Anthony Wing::Sean Kopp white people are ugly
Anthony Wing::hahahahaha
Jason Peters::Knicks are a fucking joke
John Samson::me the idiot just bet 100$ on those Beiber loving bums,
Jason Peters::Me.. 75$  lol
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::Jason Peters squares...
Jason Peters::Hey Spike, no offense, but the best player on a basketball court in New York tonight is a WHITE GUY!
Jason Peters::LOVE your movies though, your one of my fav directors.
Seal Rchin::Very good game for Knicks, Melo got his stats and that's all that really matters.....MVP, MVP, MVP.
Steven Rivera::Got his stats? 17 Rebounds! to help on the boards and 22 pts thats good enough too bad the Team chemistry is shiit with all those costly turnovers
Daniel Tuggle::Minnesota is beating the tar out of teams
Camilio Lee::knicks will get it together !! In Cohesion !!! every game builds Morale !!
Dave Houle::Knicks won't ever do anything until the get rid of Melo and get some ball movement
Steven Rivera::Dave Houle Moron they had ball movement last night and still lost! in fact that ball movement was costly with all those turnovers they committed
Camilio Lee::knicks bounce back !!
Johnny Hoffman::*HOWLING* Go Wolves! It may be only a third game but they're on the roll!
Robert Navarro::knicks need to bench Raymond felton. Why didn't they draft a PG???
Daniel Mark::Who told Metta he has a baseline fadeaway? He's shot it every game now.
Paul South::i think his new middle name is Baseline
Michael Mohs::go wolves, wolves take it from the lynx and be the best defensive team in the nba  scoring of fast breaks and in the paint
Rick New::a Pathetic loss at home.  this sadly proves to me that this years knicks are no better than last year. they are a middle of the pack eastern conference team.  another year down the toilet.
Ronnie Holiday::Last year the Knicks were the 2nd seed in the East...middle of the pack. smh
Gejsi Marku::And here people we present you the championship contenders KNICKS :)
Johnny Hoffman::And Wolves just beat them and they're from much more tougher Western Conference.
Rob Loveday::Johnny Hoffman He was being sarcastic...lol.
Tdog Lives::Wolves crushed Oklahoma City a few nights before. They're a really strong team with Love back. No shame in losing to them
Jacob Kass::wow what terrible officiating
Monte B-Way Karloz::Wolves on fire!Team Minnesota
Rick Shingu::Knicks Suck
Manuel Paulino::I forgot something.  Hey the Knicks, only one way to describe them; GARBAGE.  All together.  This stupid Woodson have no brain. What a bunch of overrated.  I don't see any defense.  No game nothing.
Wayne Hein::If the Wolves play defense this game can be theirs, but that has to happen both at home and on the road.
Bob Urnikis::Go Twolves
Philip Thomas::Kills me how Tyson Chandler only shoots the ball 4 times an entire game...
Matthew Adam Lee::Haha the knicks do not a chance. Look at the rosters and tell me who is the better team.
Mark Sugimoto::Carmelo Anthony will NEVER lead an NBA team to a title.
Seal Rchin::Title?????????? How about getting out of the first round.
Steven Rivera::Seal Rchin Same could be said about CP3
James W. Ballantyne::lol..nice first quarter Knicks!!
