steve mctowelie::the cavs need to bring in a coach to run the d like they did for the offense when brown was the coach
athnamas99ers::top 10 reasons why LeBron won't join slam dunk contest.  see RudysArenadotCom, if you have one post it.
Mihirio93::don't respond to minnesotans talking $@%! about our city guys...they elected michele bachmann. and it's cold as balls there. also, kyrie is better than rubio, but i don't care because the cavs are worse than the t-wolves minus their best player and a few vital role players in our building. that's sad.
KevinHate::Irving is ridiculous to watch.
JohnsonnnL::This game was so frustrating to watch. Cavs decided defense just wasn't that important. Coach Scott should have let the 2nd unit minus dion finish the game to send a message.
YogaBeer::IMHO, Tonight Dion was playing one of the best D on the Cavs.   He did have those TOs but they were the result of good traps by Minny and horrible spacing by the Cavs.   Standing around waiting to see how Dion is going to get out of a trap is not a helping O.   In fact, Dion Waiters is turning out to being a very good Defensive player as a rookie.   And he's starting to understand driving to the basket as his 100% shooting would attest.  However, I agree with the other part of your frustration.   Having Zeller in there was just painful to watch.  He's hit the proverbial rookie wall.   He needs this AS break as much as anyone on the team.   Was playing well until about a week ago, now it's weak.
JohnsonnnL::Yeah Zeller got bullied by Pekovic most of the game, and Kyrie did a poor job fighting over screens, he disappears almost every time he gets picked. Overall they were undisciplined as a team on defense, they got broken down way to easily, you can't repetitively allow a team to shoot wide open shots, and expect to win.
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Irving is gonna be the best PG in the league very shortly.
Spinozzza::His offense is fine, but he needs to work much harder on defense.
ASUBBALLFAN21::Waiters has a nice stroke I think he will be a good player in a couple years.
MNkittenmittens::<b>WOOOOOOOOOOLLLLVVVVVVESSSSS</b>
..LEBRON OWNS ALL..::Sit down Cleveland
YankeeGod70::The Sad part... This team has better talent and a better coach now then when Lebron was on it....SMH
HunterF4444::That teams defense&gt;this team's defense   by a mile
xmanfolife::Derrick Williams needs a change of scenery.....plus his game is that of 3 but n situations when a team needs to go small he'd b a perfect 4.....but he is a small forward.
HunterF4444::Keith Law might be the biggest d bag of all time
Minnysota Vikings::Pleasantly surprised to see Gelabale knocking down 3s with such efficiency. First couple games he played it seemed like he didn't have much of a shot and was more of a slasher. Would be awesome if he could continue to shoot them well so the Wolves spacing will be better.
htabbach::if only he can defend! His defense is horrible!
YogaBeer::Still wondering why Waiters got so little playing time.     Was shooting 100%, crashing the boards, driving to the net, playing crazy D for rookie and yet .... smh.   and why does Zeller get 25 with Speights 20?    I'm starting to doubt B Scott.
YogaBeer::Shooting 100% is nothing to sniff at.   Plus he's D was outstanding.   Especially for a rook.   Dion had some TOs due to outstanding traps by Minny and very poor spacing by the Cavs.    I can only think of one of those TOs as a bad pass.
Minnysota Vikings::I'm guessing it's because he had 6 TOs and Ellington was playing well.
steve mctowelie::i want jones to get more minutes.
Quincy Miller 30::I can't believe the Wolves cut Amundson like that......
MinniWolves90::Had to make room for Johnson, and nobody wanted to trade for Lou.
Lane Kiffin stole my patio furniture::<b> WRONG BOARD BUT ALEX SMITH TO THE BROWNS, JUST CONFIRMED, WOOOOOOOOOO, CHAMPS</b>
YogaBeer::Smith is a SMH in waiting.
steve mctowelie::i hope not.
Not Not A Wolves Fan::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVymx0aVJ0w  before she was "red"
steve mctowelie::is very nice
Not Not A Wolves Fan::we may not get along cavs fans but we can all agree that we'd all do her except for yogabeer cuz he's a flamer
Not Not A Wolves Fan::oh no! banned from an ESPN message board!
YogaBeer::Just so you are aware;  "You are fully responsible for the content you post. Content that includes profanity, personal attacks or antisocial behavior (such as "spamming" or "trolling"), or other inappropriate content or material will be removed. We reserve the right to block any user who violates our terms of use, including removing all content posted by that user."  not that there's anything wrong with being gay, I just don't understand why you insist on throwing out stuff like this.
Lane Kiffin stole my patio furniture::Thumbs up
Lane Kiffin stole my patio furniture::Rubio&gt;irving - said no one ever
knoxsouthy01::Irvings ball hogging $@% can't hold rubios jock.
steve mctowelie::you havent been on this board all day. there are quit a few
Lane Kiffin stole my patio furniture::Irving s.hits on rubio. Period
Minnysota Vikings::except in the win column
Not Not A Wolves Fan::crunch &gt; kyrie
log jamming::wolves win! KFAN might actually talk about sports tomorrow morning.
YogaBeer::Livingston &gt; Rubio
Not Not A Wolves Fan::ME SO MAD BRO!
YogaBeer::I'm sorry.   I hope you get feeling better in the morning.
log jamming::leaveland isn't very good
Minnysota Vikings::lol....."We need to bring the Target Center into the 21st century" -- David Stern  I don't know why I found that so funny
Not Not A Wolves Fan::needs cheaper beer too
steve mctowelie::all arenas need cheaper beer
Mittens___the cat::the arena needs major renovations, the court looks like it was drawn by a 3rd grader.
Will Conroy.::haha true
log jamming::rubio &gt; irving
YogaBeer::Don't argue with a kitty steve.   They think they're entitled to call everyone names but get angry if you disagree with.
steve mctowelie::you are mistaken
JimmyBova23::Cavs deserve to keep losing as long as they continue to play Luke Walton at any point ever. The worst player in NBA in the damn rotation? Shameful
Minnysota Vikings::OMG THE RED HEAD ON WOLVES WEEKLY!!! :O
Not Not A Wolves Fan::YEAAAH DUDE. IM SEEING THAT TOO. HER JOKE WAS FUNNY BECAUSE SHE IS HOT
Minnysota Vikings::TOTALLY
steve mctowelie::bobcats beat the celts...funny stuff
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Minnysota Vikings, bro you should come over to the Wild board!
Minnysota Vikings::Game's not on TV man!
nargash::Well GG Wolves. See yall later..!!
Yata-garasu::Well...  Time to head out.  Fun talking to you guys.  GL the rest of the year and GG.  GO CAVS!    And don't forget what we learned to today.  Kyrie&gt;RUBIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  and Indians&gt;Tigers.  There we go.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Yoga you have been saying crap all night.
YogaBeer:::)
MinniWolves90::This is stupid. I'm done.
YogaBeer::So you'd rather spend 12 hours throwing insults at people instead of just answering a question?
MinniWolves90::I believe you meant it to be a smarta** hypothetical question.
YogaBeer::You've got to be kidding.     Can't answer a simple question without calling people names.
MinniWolves90::Then quit being a smarta** lol.
YogaBeer::Then answer the question instead of calling people names.
MinniWolves90::Nobody was being uppity. There's your answer.
YogaBeer::I repeat.   I haven't called anyone on this thread any names.   When asked, I answer the question.
MinniWolves90::All kinds of smarta** stuff. You know it, do I really need to look it up?
YogaBeer::as I thought.... Crickets....
YogaBeer::or should I say, "please give me an example"
YogaBeer::like?
YogaBeer::I haven't called anyone on this thread any such names.   When asked a question.   I answer it.  But okay.   This answers my question.
YogaBeer::ok  I'll bite.   What is MPLS?
Not Not A Wolves Fan::yeah the jerk store called and they're running OUT OF YOU
MinniWolves90::Don't act like you haven't been a dick, Yoga.
Get your foot off the boat::Cut some slack....haven't won a road game in over a month....
YogaBeer::Are all Minny fans this uppity?
Not Not A Wolves Fan::ok?
Not Not A Wolves Fan::i'll bite
Not Not A Wolves Fan::here's something we've always known..MPLS &gt; Cleveland
Minnysota Vikings::Read the Twitter post. Barea needs to go. ---------------------------------------&gt;
MinniWolves90::I'm on my phone. What's it say?
MinniWolves90::Wtf?! He needs to get over himself and be glad we won a game! Geez
Minnysota Vikings::It said everyone in the locker room was joyous after the win except for Barea who was sullen.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Wolves 52-30
Get your foot off the boat::One game ahead of the Lakers would be nice....
U.S. 69::lol
nargash::I like this guy Oladipo out of Indiana. He reminds me a lot of Deng but he is smaller..!!
MinniWolves90::I really like his game. Wouldn't mind the Wolves getting him with our second pick if he's still there.
MinniWolves90::But his stock is rising fast.
MinniWolves90::We have two first rounders. There's a chance he goes outside the lottery.
nargash::Second? He will be lottery pick easily. This draft sucks..!!
LeBrons_BFF::Super Bowl-March Madness-Baseball season. I think this is the best time of the year in terms of sports. What do you gentlemen think?
wtfiuwts::Oh well. As long as Cleveland drafts Otto Porter this year that's all that matters. If Oden can come back and give them anything next year, that's a bonus. I'd be okay with a front court rotation of Varejao, Thompson, Zeller, Oden, and Speights next year. This team just needs to learn how to play defense. It's not pretty starting two rookies and two sophs.
YogaBeer::and a guy plucked from the D League
wtfiuwts::Yeah. And that.
nargash::I don't watch Indians or baseball. All I know is Indians have Ubaldo Jimenez and Sung Li Jong or something like that
LeBrons_BFF::If you're thinking of Shin-soo Choo, he is now on the Reds.
nargash::Yes that guy. Good for Reds
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Gelabale with another great game!
YogaBeer::That's the guy.      Gelabale, Ridnour and Pevk???, were the 3 that won this game for the t wovles down the stretch.
Minnysota Vikings::His 3 point shooting is such a breath of fresh air!
MinniWolves90::Shooting the lights out lately. Needs to keep shooting and shoot more.
Get your foot off the boat::Buckwheat was solid....
LeBrons_BFF::What do you guys think of the Royals this year? They look like a better team on paper. I hope they can compete for the division this year. That will be exciting. Salvador Perez is one of the best young catchers in the game. I see a few AS appearances in his future.
YogaBeer::Royals DID make some nice moves this off season.  I think they're my favorite team after the Tribe.   idk why.     But I'd love to go to KC's field.   Never been to that one before.
YogaBeer::That stadium looks sweet to me.
LeBrons_BFF::I'd like to visit it as well. It looked really nice during the AS Game. I think they have a lot of potential. I hope they can compete.
Yata-garasu::Too bad Santana will be starting in front of him.... I like the Royals though.  Great potential on offense.  Needs the pitching to figure it out.
LeBrons_BFF::Yes, Santana is a legit catcher, too. I hope he can get his average up and be more consistent though. He caught fire late, but he had a pretty awful first half.
Yata-garasu::As you can tell...  I am really into the Cavs season.  Lol.  I AM NOT LOOKING FORWARD TO BASEBALL SEASON AT ALL.  NO WAY....
steve mctowelie::its footbal lseason for me  as soon as the combine starts
LeBrons_BFF::I can't wait for baseball season. I'm glad spring training has arrived.
YogaBeer::I think all of us CAv/tribe fans are.   Both my sons kept calling me up this game.
Not Not A Wolves Fan::why do cavs fans hate rubio so much?
Not Not A Wolves Fan::take your hate out on bron bron instead
Not Not A Wolves Fan::guess we can't b frands
YogaBeer::flame?   Man.   I don't understand your attempts.
Not Not A Wolves Fan::yes yoga flame?
YogaBeer::bron bron?
Yata-garasu::I love Rubio...  He is my favorite NBA player thats name starts with an R and ends in a IOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO...
Minnysota Vikings::Wolves and Cavs fans have been fighting all day over who is better. I'll admit that I was one of the biggest contributors to the fight.
YogaBeer::who hates him?   If he continues to work on his game I can easily see him being as good as say a Mo Williams.
YogaBeer::I like Mo.    Good little player.   When standing in the right places, he does pretty good.
Minnysota Vikings::Mo Williams? lol
steve mctowelie::i dont he is fun to watch
nargash::HAHA Nice there..!!
nargash::I don't. He is fun to watch..!!
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Good Game Cavs Fans
Minnysota Vikings::John Wall and Bradley Beal are going off tonight
LeBrons_BFF::What a great game. Cleveland keep your heads up. You will be a good team, in a few season. Just continue to grow and mature. Minnesota, the same. I think the Wolves are there quicker. Maybe by next year. Good luck to both teams and what a great game.
Not Not A Wolves Fan::who else is watching wolves weekly?
Yata-garasu::So we switched Kotchman for Reynolds.  Damon/Duncan for Swisher.  Choo for Bourn, etc.  We also have a great 4th OF in Stubbs....  Awesome!  Added speed, RBI/R/HR.
YogaBeer::The Damon/Duncan for Swisher was the real kicker
LeBrons_BFF::Yes, I love baseball talk.
jan2x::"Irving, whose late-game heroics have led Cleveland to some recent wins, tried to rally the Cavs but couldn't. He had two bad missed in a turnover in a three-minute stretch.  Still, the Cavs were within striking distance when Thompson made two free throws to pulled Cleveland within 92-89 with 1:56 remaining."  I'm this close to giving up on you, ESPN! Hire a decent editor or proofreader, please!
jan2x::Hahah! Thanks for the reality dose, man!
Murphy55410::He's just typing it like most Clevelanders would understand it. I say Kudos to him for dropping his IQ to his publics
Murphy55410::Look at it this way Cavs fans. Your superstar Kyrie got a single double.  Be proud...
YogaBeer::?   At least we have a superstar.
Murphy55410::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.. Thanks, I needed that LOL
PhilMNAP::We do too.
Yata-garasu::Fail...
i-just-ate-a-whole-bag-of-chips::don't watch many wolves games, but looking at the box score, why doesn't D. Williams get more PT?
MinniWolves90::Inconsistency.
YogaBeer::Tonight he was owned.
6222joseph22::how did rubio do tonight i did not watch the game?
Get your foot off the boat::13 points, 17 assists (10 to TWolves players)....
YogaBeer::Love it!      :)
Lane Kiffin stole my patio furniture::And with the first pick in the 2013 NBA Draft, the Timberwolves select Nerlens Noel
YogaBeer::I think they need more of a SG.   Right now they have a handfull of PGs each taking turns playing the part.
