Wisky Xtreme::bucks need to bench jennings ....  start monta at point and redick at the 2 spot...
mtcunning3::Is Jennings seriously 5-30 in his last 2 games?  We all realize how incredibly terrible that is, right?  I'm not sure it's an exaggeration to say he's the worst starting PG in the league right now/
Bucks_fan_for_real.....::This is getting ridiculous.
m_gunners::Bucks should surrender their place in the playoffs to either the Raptors or the Wizards who are definitely better teams currently.....
derek_510::wizards will take bucks spot next season, barring injuries
Bucks_fan_for_real.....::Those teams blow
J-Tjuan::The Raptors definitely are not better lol.
lebronjames646::the hawks are a so much better team than the Bucks
OPENLYUGLY::What did the Bucks do to Reddick? Sad.
oblique15::whats the point in the Bucks making the playoffs? just wasting every bodies time
BayAreaFan40::a losing team making the playoffs in the east. what else is new.
lester4586::idk what the bucks are missing but I yhink they are much better than their record
KswizzyD777::need to get rid of jennings, that will equal 10 more wins.  maybe a coach that will convince him to not try and do too much.
lebronjames646::they are worse than their record
d_bokk::it's not what they're missing, the problem is that they still have Jennings. Worst guard on the team and gets the most minutes, this team deserves to lose if they keep that up
lester4586::coaching is a big part his plays is either monta or everyone else and monta. he need to get monta ersan shots in the flow of the game. pick and roll with ersan and monta more ersan is gonna hit that face up more consistently than sanders udoh or dalbert
monta huling::The bucks need to play hard and make big play they have the team to win they to play like it
monta huling::I think they need to play John Henson more he is a big man and the time to make play
MuayThai20::The Eastern Conference(aka the Leastern Conference): Where sub .500 teams make the playoffs year after year.
Goon5832::We are not going far in the playoff why play mami and get sweep
Goon5832::We are not going far in the playoff why play mami and get sweep
airicad::OK fine... even if Jennings and Smith have equally bad shot selection.  Smith can actually play defense.
the hawks is the word::game ball goes to Tolliver today
TCIIIyeee::u kidding me...game ball goes to Jennings...Ellis and Reddick for giving that one away...seriously...thank those guys..
the hawks is the word::and Ersan for not boxing out tolliver
braves and rays fans get girls like that::IF UR STUPID A S S WOULD JUST DRIVE TO THE BASKET AND quit shooting jumpers we have a chance for something cool   BUT U WONT
buckspackers23::4 Bucks players that are hovering around 80% or higher for the season, went 9-16 from the line.
J-Tjuan::That and also the missed threes by Ilyasova caught up with them.
Milwaukee Bucks biggest choke job::When Jennings and Monta Ellis are your best players, you know your team is a joke.
d_bokk::Jennings is 4th best, 3rd if you're generous.. he think's he's the second coming of kobe though
drat456::What kind of shot was that by monta? That was a bad shot with 15 seconds left
buckspackers23::Bucks choking has easily cost them 10 games this year.. sad :/
suchita36::Josh Smith is way overrated.  No way he is getting a max contract.
chris johnson 558::no one cares about the bucks
korn7860::You sure do, you comment during every single Bucks game.
chris johnson 558::yes because of jj not you lovely team
Catchin Feelings On ESPN::No seriously...the shot selection at the end of the game was embarrassing.
TCIIIyeee::end of the game???...we shot bad ALL GAME...again..NOTHING NEW..This is how the Bucks play every night
suchita36::Wow!  Bucks choked.
the hawks is the word::Do you buck fans wish ya'll traded for Josh instead of reddick
J-Tjuan::Hell no.  Dont need another Jennings IQ on the team.
J-Tjuan::Who is way more likely to make it.
the hawks is the word::well you got another shot-chucker guard on the team in reddick
korn7860::Well it takes two to trade, Hawks pulled out last minute, otherwise Bucks would have had both.  Honestly, after watching Josh the last few weeks, I am happy the Bucks did not get him, the Bucks would be a disaster with him.
RyanK1esko::We couldnt you idiot
korn7860::You say unloading as if they suck, they would become the best player on your team after Horford, thats far from unloading a player.
the hawks is the word::not unloading ellis or jennings on us was ya'll fault
Milwaukee Bucks biggest choke job::What's the difference between the Bucks and Bobcat?  Nothing.
xkizarux::Both teams will be watching the second and further rounds of the playoffs.
korn7860::around 18 games by the end of the season, and way more talent.  Bucks are easily the most talented team that likes to lose close games.
whiteytheoldman1::Is that number 3 or 4 this season? Hawks own the Bucks this year. ATL has a mental edge against this team. They always expect to pull it out in the end!
TCIIIyeee::yeah...its not  a mental edge...We  have done this plenty of times this season hahah..nothing new
J-Tjuan::As much as I hate to agree, the Hawks just sit around and wait for them to self destruct and ease to victory.  Its sad.
buckspackers23::"owning" a team doesn't involve squeaking out wins and coming from behind, you know.
korn7860::There is no mental edge for the hawks, the Bucks lose close games like this on a regular basis.  FYI its their 3rd win.
airicad::3-0 so far, one more to come
buckspackers23::Good game, Hawks :/
Catchin Feelings On ESPN::I thought the Bobcats were bad...Terrible looks and horrible plays
xkizarux::Ilyasova's ilde is Stuart from MadTv
Listentotheexpert::good job hawks great road team
Joshua43786::And the Bucks surpass the Hawks at being the dumbest team in basketball
riodejeremy::and thats not an easy task
Milwaukee Bucks biggest choke job::and the bobcats
Milwaukee Bucks biggest choke job::Bucks = pathetic chokers
kevotee::not trolling if its the truth
RyanK1esko::No kidding
buckspackers23::Hahaha, trolling the Bucks? How sad life must be.
chris johnson 558::still jj redick &gt; tobias harris ?
airicad::Wow... Horford and Smith combined for ZERO TURNOVERS
korn7860::Bucks have to be the worst close out team in the league.
ballerbooboo::REF HELPING HAWKS BUT THEN AGAIN BUCKS HAVE TO SUCK EVEN MORE TO LOSE THIS GAME....WHICH THEY DID LOL
Paul83295::Wow over 202.. biggest sweat ever!!
Milwaukee Bucks biggest choke job::<b> keep crying Bucks</b>
buckspackers23::Refs screw the bucks again.
the hawks is the word::they only ones that are touching the bucks are themselves
ronniedatrat::quit yo lyin
the hawks is the word::GG bucks
J-Tjuan::I am sick of watching the Bucks beat themselves.
Catchin Feelings On ESPN::wtf wtf wtf...LOL this is so $@%!$@ up i dont know what to think or do...
cyclonextrem::and the answers say Monta's first name was Donta. Smooth
buckspackers23::wtf that was clearly a push
cyclonextrem::that was bull
buckspackers23::"3 of the best in the league on 3's, ELLIS, Redick and Dunleavy..." lol
Milwaukee Bucks biggest choke job::<b> Travel hahahahaha</b>
ronniedatrat::dat boy teague on doom bucks?
