Lorenzomax7::Nash,Kidd,Rondo,Rubio,Lin,Chalmers,Felton,Wall,G.Dragic,Lowry,Sessions,Nelson,B.Knight,Calderon,S.Curry,Augustin,D.Williams,D.Collison,K.Irving,D.Harris,J.Teague,Lawson,Westbrook,Conley,J.Jack,I.Thomas,J.Holiday,T.Parker,D.Rose,K.Walker,CP3,Jennings    Among these 32 starting PGs above, in the last reg. season,  Lin ranks 6th in AST%...elite level  Lin ranks 28th in TOV%...bottom level(Nash, Kidd, Rubio &amp; Rondo were worse.) Lin ranks 5th in USG%...dominating role  Lin ranks 11th in TS%...above average  Lin ranks 13th in TRB%...average  Lin ranks 5th in STL%...elite level  Lin ranks 5th in BLK%...elite level Lin ranks 2nd in DRtg...quite good (Rondo ranks 1st)  Lin ranks 5th in MP when he was a starter...mass loading  Lin ranks 9th in PER...above average  Lin ranks 8th in AST per 36 mins...above average  Lin ranks 32th in TOV per 36 mins...worst  Lin ranks 1st in FTA per 36 mins...best    Overall? I would say Lin was playing like an above average to borderline elite level PG in those 35 games.   Positive side:  Lin is the only one that ranks TOP 5 in both STL% and BLK% among PGs at this point.  Lin had almost as many FTA per 36 mins as Durant had in the last reg. season. (Lin: 7.0 Durant: 7.1)    Nagative side:  Lin is the only another one that turned the ball over at a rate of over 20%(21.4%) in TOV% with a USG% of over 20%  (28.1%) among these guys besides Rondo, who turned the ball over at a rate of 22.8% in TOV% with a USG% of 20.7%.
Poo Poo Stain.::LINSANITY!!!
Thank God Lin Not Coming Back WayToo Much For A Backup 2013::^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
BBFocus::Someday this season or next one, I expected Lin would get his first triple double (10+ in points, 10+ in rebounds, and 10+ in assists, and 5 blocks and 5 steals) somewhere...
Jmrwacko::Man, I want another game like this... Lin scoring 38 with 7 assists. Screw turnovers, it's better to be aggressive.
edwardington::good timez.
ZachC1965::I love the fact that Jeremy Lin is actually better than Kobe Bryant at this stage of things.  Maybe the Lakers could get Lin if they offered Kobe AND Gasol..? Throw in a number one..?  Bryant should just call it quits when Lin stands head and shoulders above him!
soopafly2def::NEW YORK -- Jeremy Lin keeps getting better. Better even than Kobe Bryant on Friday night....Really.  In your dreams!!!
ZachC1965::Kobe is clearly washed up. The refs cater to him on every play and Lin still makes him look like crap..?  Wrap it up, Kobrick...
Football Hat Trick::If the Knicks suck then so do the Lakers,
clint76::who cares. I miss football already.
Football Hat Trick::I agree
adkhanz::Lin to knicks is as  Tebo was to the Broncos.....
Keyser_Soze_18::Except Lin is actually good.  Tebow got some lucky wins against bad team and he was certainly not the reason they won.  They won in spit of him.  Lin is obviously the catalyst in the Knicks' recent run.
ZachC1965::Except Lin has some accuracy in his repertoire.
ohmyb0b::Knicks fans....would you take Rubio for lin straight up?
Brothers Gardner::im a timberwolves fan and i wouldnt give up rubio for lin, i love lin, but rubio is a better passer and pure point guard.   also he is slightly younger than lin and has more court experience.
PacerTom13::no.
elrodh3::No way.   Rubio makes like $8M. Lin about $778K with no guarantees and already proven he can run D'antoni's pick and roll offense without all the baggage.  I'm a Laker fan and would love to see a deal to get Lin to LA.
stnew200::tough one.
elrodh3::Lin deserves all the credit this week.  On paper, that Knicks line-up shouldn't beat too many NBA teams, especially without Melo and Stoudemire.  But when you have a point guard that runs the offense like it should and rewards teammates who play their spots, then the whole team is elevated because they all BELIEVE.  Novak, Shumpert, Chandler, etc still need to hit the open shots, but Lin gives them opportunities, which is all that the coach and fans want.  He won't continue to score 25+, but now that the fans know the Knicks can play at that level, they will demand nothing less, and probably more when their 2 "superstars" return.  Looking forward to see how this turns out.
adkhanz::knicks still suck....
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::is lin better than bryant?
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::I KNOW SO
basketball good NBA bad::Yesterday's game: HELL YES.  Careerwise:  GTFOH!
be_kool16::can Lin and melo play well together? i wonder
bruinschamps2011::lin is a f*cking beast
adkhanz::maybe should wait till he has played more actual games against non scrub teams...say about 20 games or so.....as soon as melo returns,....the ball will stop moving and will kill D'antoni's system....
Sir_Toonces::The French are claiming Lin is on steroids.  meow!!!
stnew200::The real success story here is that the Knicks might make the playoffs now.
Honey_Badger_Dont_Care::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFJ2MyxQ1N8&amp;feature=related
Hair Clippers LA::Who wants to bet New York signs him for a 5-year 118mil contract?
stnew200::This kid will make about 8million a year when he is free to.
stnew200::Kobe....the fifth best Laker of all time.
nd8irish1::Your at a draft signing a 5 year contract to one person who do you take Lin or John Wall?
tiekwan2000::I think Lin took the pill from that movie Limitless
SuperKUSHbowl99::Obama and Lin are Harvard grads... let's take a closer look!
Kevin396ss::I hope the Knicks don't beat the Heat in the first round of the playoffs.
thebuckeyeryguy::In the words of Jim Mora; "Playoffs?  Playoffs?"
nd8irish1::How is Lin gona keep up with all this hype just looked on ebay some of his autographs are going more than micheal Jordan autographs
ebase131::lol Kobe 11-29........he loves to shoot the lakers into a loss!
stnew200::Kobe lost them the game early.
sprtfanusa::Kobe started 1 for twelve...The old man took some time to get going, but when he did he played quite well from the second Q on.
lollerskater123::LOL
ebase131::Unfortunately for the Lakers, a basketball game is not just 3 quarters long.  (Also unfortunate for LeBron...)
SuperKUSHbowl99::I also liked your comment...#3rd vote
SuperKUSHbowl99::i hate Kobe but the r.apist does his job. 5 rings and still leading the NBA in PPG at 16 years in... I wish the Knicks had this ball hog...HE WINS
SuperKUSHbowl99::Born and raised in NYC... Grant street L.E.S. Lin makes he feel good about watching the knicks. The losing hurts!!! we the long time fans want these over paid side shows to finally come through and win something... Thanks fed up Knicks fan.
sprtfanusa::Lin had a great game, 38 points. 7 Ast.  Kobe had a bad game 34 points. 10 Boards  ENOUGH SAID!
sprtfanusa::NAH, KOBE HAD A BAD 1ST Q. AFTER THAT HE PRETTY EFFICIENT. The problem was no other Laker did a damn thing.
thebuckeyeryguy::Yeah, now if he can only do this for about 40 more games... then the Knicks might even finish at or above .500.
sprtfanusa::WHAT ABOUT IT?
Hair Clippers LA::Kobe was like 7-89.
Hair Clippers LA::Laker fan first and I've been a Clipper fan before Blake Griffin. I just have love for my city. And I can honestly say Kobe sucked last night.
South Central Los Angeles.::a flipper fan haha, since when have u guys existed
Archbob1::what about filed foal percentage?
South Central Los Angeles.::i wonder what kinda substance they been putting on Lin's chow mein
Hair Clippers LA::He had a piece of chowmein on his chin for like 30 minutes during the Lakers game. You would think it would fly off with all that running and dominating he did.
nd8irish1::Usually basketball stars aren`t really hiden like they could be with football did anybody notice earlier hey are 4th string pg like he has the potential to drive to the hoop like D Rose but no big deal right? Wrong
thebuckeyeryguy::Derek Rose is on par with Allen Iverson (in his prime).  Jeremy Lin is on par with Mo Williams (present day).  Also, there's no guarantee that Lin will be a starter next season if he can't keep up this torrid pace.  The odds are very good that he won't.
Kimsky1::AI was never and efficient scorer and never a great or even good distributor. Rose is already better.
Olliebasketballs::Except that Rose is already better at 23 than AI was at 23.  Except that.
thebuckeyeryguy::Okay, I'm gonna have to sell on that one.  Mo has been in this league a lot longer, but Lin may be better than him (at this point)... although that's not saying much regardless.
kethesnyper::derrek rose will never be as good as AI was in his prime. And lin is better than Mo williams right now
Hair Clippers LA::why not?
nd8irish1::well obviously hes not gona keep this up but the 360 lay up not to shabby
Olliebasketballs::Show me one play where Lin drove to the hoop like rose.  In your mind doesn't count. lol.
Hair Clippers LA::Lakers lose and it makes headline news for 3 days straight.
tiekwan2000::Ha! Some of yall sound salty that he isn't a Laker. He's avg 28.5 points his first week of seeing minutes. Once he makes player of the week, don't blame it on the Lakers win.   In the meantime enjoy his Hoops Dunk mixtape http://hoopmixtape.com/2012/02/jeremy-lin-slam-dunk-mix-linsanity/  No Lakers highlights here btw.
tiekwan2000::Nah Lin wins and it makes headlines for the rest of your lives! Not about the Lakers son :)
Hair Clippers LA::Thats true, got to get people interested in the Knicks while they can. I wonder what happens when Melo gets back lol.
thebuckeyeryguy::ESPN was already salivating over Lin after his second good game.  They're just itching for something (anything) good to happen with the Knicks so that more people will waste time clicking on ESPNNewYork.com and make their metrics look good.
Hair Clippers LA::If he dropped 38 on Washington how hyped up would have it been?
thebuckeyeryguy::Yep.  Big market teams rule in MLB (Major League Basketball) so they get all the press time.  Just like in the case of Dwight Howard possibly going to Chicago or Los Angeles.  You don't hear any of the shills on E$PN talking about him going to cities like Milwaukee, New Orleans or Charlotte.
NYjets82692::how could you hate on a guy that is producing its not like hes some scrub making 9 pts 4 assist, in his biggest challenge so far he stepped up and showed what some of the skeptics what hes made of. hes not going to hit 20+ every night but if hes 14 ppg 8 assists guy a night you cant knock him
back in the kitchen::good for Lin, but seriously, Spike Lee......shut the  f u c k  up
Hair Clippers LA::What did he say?
thebuckeyeryguy::If Jeremy Lin was playing for a small market team, then ESPN would give him about five minutes worth of pub total (on ESPN 2 at midnight).  However, since he plays for the mighty 12-15 New York City Knicks, he is the next Pistol Pete and ESPN News has to devote at least 30 minutes to him every hour.  Don't worry though, even if this kid is a phenom... the Knicks are still very much irrelevant.
thebuckeyeryguy::Like I said before "even if this kid is a phenom... the Knicks are still very much irrelevant."  If having Lin is even enough to get the Knicks the 8th seed in the East, then that will be a minor miracle, considering the fact that they don't play defense and they're stuck with Melo until he retires.  Good luck with that.
Olliebasketballs::Why do you think Brandon Jennings wants out of Milwaukee?  His rookie year he had a string of games that made him look much better than Lin, he looked like Rose mixed with Stockton, this string of games included a 55 point game. ESPN ran one story on him that year if I recall, and he was a rookie.    Lin is in his 2nd full year in the league and has been evaluated and cut by three teams, Dallas, GSW, and Houston.  On a long enough time line, everything reverts to the mean.  It's how casinos make money.  After 20 games this guy is going to go right back to the d-league quality play that got him cut by three teams already.  Teams are going to watch tape on him and learn his tendencies, then they'll trap him and make him give the ball up to Melo, then his averages are going to drop back to below average NBA PG numbers, then New Dork fans are going to scream for him to go back to where he came from.  It's such a tired story that I'm going to edit it down it and sell it on itunes as a cure for insomnia.
Hair Clippers LA::Dont think so, this guy went from D league status to dropping 38 on the Lakers.
EEDUARDO4689::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mgDObq7hWU
adkhanz::lin mu shu pork sucks and only takes attention away from what a ridiculous organization the knicks are....quite the laughing stock....not winning with over 200 mil in investment and then going to beat scrubs with fortune cookie guys .....sorry Knick suck...
adkhanz::bad investment was the point..this is a side story...go lookup the payroll over 6 years.....all they could offer JR was 2.5 mil...it isn't any more racist than a black mamba or white chocolate...numbers dont lie and law of averages will return to norm...he was cut from three teams and when said and done will be irrelevent.....bad investement away from the point of the travesty the knicks have become...and all one can talk about is how mu shu pork scored 38.....sorry ...
Kimsky1::Two bad racist jokes and a 300% exageration on the Knicks payroll. No point was made.
adkhanz::y u add nothing to the point that was made, but rather talk about everything else....
pyi91::Why do people click "like" on their own comment?
CameronIndoorCrazy::gotta love this story. this kid is sick
Oswald001199::The new Yao Ming
supersharp77::Mr Lin has been balling for years..........comes from a family of BALLERS!! NY Knicks.....Pay Mr Lin!!  http://sports.espn.go.com/ncb/columns/story?columnist=oneil_dana&amp;id=4730385
snelldoggy::He is about to become filthy rich, with endorsement deals.. He lives in a city with more Chinese Americans than any other..  I would say he may be better off waiting his turn for a big contract, if it means he stays in New York..  If Lin means butts in seats at MSG, the Knicks will figure something out...
adkhanz::pay with what, fortune cookies....last i checked they r strapped for cash per stoudamire, melo, and chandler.....donnie boy is the second coming of Thomas....sad, funny, but true....if i were a knicks fan i would ask for walsh's head on a platter...
sherrydogs2::Forget the points scored, forget the assists, focus on the kid's moves.  He is a baller.
TimeToTeachYouSomething::LIN LAST NIGHT &gt; kobe this season
deeparm13::The Nicks need TRADE Carmelo and let Lin dominat  .
oreed born again sox4life::soon WE  will see bunch of knicks FANS ON tv wearing the KARATE KID Headbands;)...LIN IS SURE IS SPECIAL
markpringle2003::This is NOT a fluke. This is a BALLER! Straight BALLER! You can't do what Lin is doing without having incredible skills. This is NOT a guy who, all of a sudden, has a hot streak hitting jumpers. This is a guy with a rare skillset. He's here to stay (unfortunately, cuz I hate the Knicks)!
oreed born again sox4life::HES VERY GOOD,  LETS NOT GET CARRY AWAY LETS SEE SOME MORE GAMES FIRST..
tiekwan2000::How long will people say "let's see some more games"? How many more "good" games would you like to see?
supersharp77::No Doubt..........straight out Baller!!
sherrydogs2::The kid has skills, no doubt.
Sir_Toonces::I'd rather have Lin (Pearl Harbor) than a Southerner (civil war) play on my team.  Southerners caused more American deaths than Lin's ancestors!  meow!!!
adkhanz::this has nothing to do with basketball...
joe5302::These comments make me sad... Such stupid people alive and well roaming the Earth.
deeparm13::Sir_Toonces is a idiot!!
1vue::if abortion is not allowed then the confederate flag should not be allowed too....
Archbob1::Lin isn't Japanese
Kimsky1::That always happens during civil wars. Americans kiling Americans, off course the American death toll was high.
Sir_Toonces::no, America rules.  It's those Southern rednecks that suck and who believe enslaving others is worth dying for.  meow!!!
sherrydogs2::Sorry that we have to dumb down to those that don't know their history.  I only posted the fact that more Americans died during the Civil War than in all other wars, combined, that involved Americans.  Doesn't say much for our American  brotherhood does it?
Sir_Toonces::aren't all asian alike?  meow!!!
oreed born again sox4life::knicks better lock jin  fast teams are lining up
sherrydogs2::Some idiot brought up Pearl Harbor.  More Americans died in the Civil War than in all other wars.
Kimsky1::And Pearl Habor was the JAPANESE, not the Chinese.
that1sportsguy::here is my take on Linsanity!    http://imthat1sportsguy.blogspot.com/2012/02/nba-has-case-of-linsanity.html
