ChargersFan4Life001::test
chargerssssssssssss::...
chargerssssssssssss::3
chargerssssssssssss::2
chargerssssssssssss::1
chargerssssssssssss::testing
chargerssssssssssss::test
mosesbyu::Free Jimmer.
razzledazzletj81::As of today Jimmer is # 1 in free throws, # 3 for 3's and solid a PER. He deserves more minutes.
bergster391::I like jimmer, but I don't understand why so many people complain about his minutes.  He's pretty much been getting at least 15 minutes a game.  Thats pretty good for a bench player.  And all this "Smart is rasist" nonsence makes me want to puke.
Justin4549::his defense is no worse than anyone else on the Kings.  As I recall, he had a pretty big steal in the final minute last night...
dog_has_fleas::Not the only guy on the team getting weird minutes. He should be happy he gets any when he doesn't play defense.
AllInForLife1984::Ive made around 3K per month over the last 2 months now by following this online betting system called Sportsbettingstar.  When I found out about this system, it was on the first page of Google when looking up Sports Betting Systems.
jsn_trx450::How the hell does seraphin get more shots up than Beal? The dude is double teamed every time he touched the ball late and never passed out of it, even when Beal was wide open. He just spins the opposite way and misses a bad hook shot. Nene needs to sit this kid down and tell him how to play, otherwise I hope he's shipped out before the trade deadline.
-XxxKaYDeNxxX-::we need shawn kemp Back!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RonnieVegas43::Good Job Sonics.... I mean Kings
NYGiantsSwag::You Sonic fans are such hypocrites lol.......Just amazing.
CharlesRiver27::When will Smart pull his head out of his @#$% and let Jimmer start a few games? Look at the box score for this game and compare Jimmer to the other point guards. For crying out loud, after all Jimmer's progress this year does the kid not deserve a chance to start to see what he can do in that role? I don't think I have watched worse rotations in my life than what I have seen on this Kings team.
jbreezzyyy32::DMC does not "hate" jimmer.lol thats stupid to say i dont think you even know them how do you know? and DMC sets alot of screens to get jimmer a shot off. they work well together.
sooper_caliber::Its because Cousins hates Jimmer and the chemistry is horrible. Today was an exception, maybe the start of something new, but i doubt it. Frankly, Jimmer sucked last year and Cousins I don't think ever had any faith in him and it showed the whole year. Cousins may never trust him, but Jimmer playing out of his mind is gonna help. Jimmer has been playing very well this year, hopefully, it isn't too late. I think Jimmer needs a breakout Jeremy Lin performance and maybe things will take off.
dog_has_fleas::Kpmg allstar - That just proves that DMC is a problem and should be traded ASAP  You are a moron
Kpmg allstar::That just proves that DMC is a problem and should be traded ASAP
relinquishy::beal or lillard for ROY at the end for sure
TheRealDroppingin::Beal may be take the long run.
relinquishy::so far its lillard, but even I seem to forget that theres over 40 games left in the season, and who knows what will happen by the end
CharlesRiver27::Lillard.
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Lillard for sure
J-Short65::Dick Bavetta stole my championship with the blessing of David Stern.
TecmoTrojan::They should trade cousins and evans for jimmers sister
ChiGuy1002::Was Jordan Crawford hurt?
Flash Barrett::I see Tyreke had a rookie year flashback with his numbers.. I hope he keeps that up
jbreezzyyy32::thats two in a row lets hope.
SkinsWizNatsCapsUVA::he had a good game tonight for sure
SkinsWizNatsCapsUVA::Three things that cost us the game:  1. The rebound in up 84 to 80  by Martell Webster where he went to the ground, tried to call a timeout but the ref didnt grant it and then Cousins had the easy 2. Shifted momentum big time.  2. Seraphin shot the ball seemingly every time he touched it, like 18 or 19 shots for him.  3. FREE THROWS!!!!!
skorin1781::Jimmer the reason Kings won! Play the man more.
ChargersFan4Life001::cousins had nothing to do with it
ksmit111::Cousins should have been double t'd.. he is such a crybaby even when the officials are on his side
ksmit111::Hmm interesting officiating.. the end looked like the entire md, nc state game LOL.. their job is hard but come on..
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::I wish my nuggets could trade for cousins,with him and wilson chandler back they could be come the thuggets again.
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::When is wall going to become the starter?
UK wants his account back CELTICS::Great win Kings. You really need to let go of that piece of crap Cousins.
ksmit111::Cousins is another bum wearing a sweatband end of story
skorin1781::Most blacks are racist!!
russwilsonislegit::ur the racist dude.... not me....
russwilsonislegit::u want to hear everybody scream oh no oh no not cuz.... im  not an idiot... i never said cousins isnt the obvious franchise starting piece choice... today the way he played with fredette showed me a lot of maturity... in the past he has ignored him to the point of dribbling up the court himself instead of hitting fredette with the outlet pass.... tonight there was none of that... just two cats going after a win.... u got me all wrong sorry to tell u.... i call it like i see it... with a touch of jimmer bias... but its not hard to see past bias and realize this kids not getting a fair shake... he is def a starter my friend....
russwilsonislegit::ur like a woman begging to hear compliments... not the best night to dog jimmer... he evans and cousins pulled that game out
UK wants his account back CELTICS::I dog JImmer every night on account of you. That is due to you being a racist s  hit head.
ChargersFan4Life001::Hey UK
ChargersFan4Life001::GN UK
UK wants his account back CELTICS::Not for long Boogie. Must sleep. Good win. Keep it up. You have a good team and, begrudgingly, I must admit that Jimmer is contributing.
ChargersFan4Life001::lol have fun
UK wants his account back CELTICS::I'm arguing with Chad :)
UK wants his account back CELTICS::Jimmer is your star.
melvin887::good game wizards we had the win 2 miss free throws could have done it
Aaron666596::What happened to Thorton
Kpmg allstar::he sucks
UK wants his account back CELTICS::He shot too much. He sucks
Aaron666596::Thanks...
russwilsonislegit::bench warmer
haydent145616::jimmer won that game
roberteugene21::There were a lot of good players in the game, but I would like to see Smart start Fredette and give him 33 minutes and see how it goes.
russwilsonislegit::+9
UK wants his account back CELTICS::By cheering for DMC.
UK wants his account back CELTICS::21,16,5,3  Those are facts
russwilsonislegit::i hate a b that watches with his own eyes and still acts like nothing happens.. u can't do anything with those type of idiots.... fact
russwilsonislegit::u a damn lie tyreke ... i try to hit him every time... u try to shoot every damn time
russwilsonislegit::celtics is so last year
russwilsonislegit::every year.... they are not relevant.... learn non bias
UK wants his account back CELTICS::17
UK wants his account back CELTICS::Celtics are every year. Learn the NBA.
MitchDaBalla::Memphis charlotte and nola.. if we can just get passed Memphis we could easily be looking at a 5 game win streak.
airic.ad::NOLA is pretty good too
Dawgman206::Go Sonics!!
UK wants his account back CELTICS::DMC: 21, 16, 5 A, 3 S  Trade HIM!
Jim7419::Don't forget the 6 turnovers, five fouls and 20 shots!
longvoxw::I cannot believe after that first quarter that neither team got to 100.
wink614::vegas called and sai they didn't like what they were seeing.
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::How long until Wall is starting again?
MARCUSDOAKS1::Wizards are gonna be contenders in a couple of years
relinquishy::i sadly might have to agree...lol
airic.ad::can't believe wall missed both.... he needs to learn how to shoot jumpers
relinquishy::hes an 80% ft shooter, hes just gassed. no legs. hes not yet in game shape and he played too many minutes for just his 3rd game back
wink614::They were free throws.. if you can't shoot free throws when you're tired as a professional basketball player you need to work on your shooting.
ovechkinsgoal::this really was an epic choke job...im pretty much done watching this f'ing team.  it's not worth the energy.
GiantNinerKingShark::Atleast we have hockey this weekend.
ovechkinsgoal::at least the terps don't stink.
-XxxKaYDeNxxX-::Zainal3206-COME.ON.WIZARDS.DONT.CHOKE.NEED.+4.5.FOR.A.5.TEAMER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ChargersFan4Life001::2 in a row nice
colaroaster::kings know how to choke.. wait a min
1337atul::Feels pretty bad eh. You're butthurt now. And don't like your own comments
winnumber101::That just isn't true.
1337atul::Beal &gt; Any current Celtic. How's that feel, b.itch
colaroaster::&lt; fuck you fag boy &gt;
lookitsdeco::you know wall about to spend hours at the FT line
relinquishy::lets see...he hasnt played in what? 5 months? nice try
relinquishy::hes gassed, first game over 20 min since coming back 2 games ago
PartTimeHomer::I don't believe that for a second.
relinquishy::THEY MADE WALL SHOOT. WHY
PartTimeHomer::Was a clock situation. Original shot was rushed, ball came to Wall. It happens.
dahojas::When DMC and Jimmer run the pick and roll, they are almost unstoppable. They need to do that much much more.
Grantox::jimmer gotta get more mins to do it! hardly gets mins sometimes
Brandon Bass Elbow Jumper::Kings win
itsatrap123::Yay.
Hope I Helped::Kings destroy another contender.  Could be time for a playoff push.
Bballrman::But keep the Jimmer he is where it's at game over
ovechkinsgoal::this was a loser's loss.
NickMull2::Disgusting effort by the wiz
