Heat Fan Since 1866::.
Akillyandduff17::Bobcats are pleasantly surprising me this year. Mike Dunlap is a serious contender for Coach of the Year. That said, there are still some sloppy moments that can be fixed, and I think they will with time. They're no joke now. That said, the Grizzlies look like legitimate title contenders. Good luck!
rgeeslin::GrizzNation rolling!!! So excited to be in Memphis!
joest2003::Anything under a double digit lose was a win for the Bobcats if you ask me.
lcmemphis::Grizz are a very serious team. The team still is hurt by it's losing a 27 point lead to Clippers in 1st rd last year in 1st game of playoffs and even though they recovered, ultimately...they lost in 7 games. The year before they swept San Antonio and were within reach of the Western Finals pushing OKC to 7 games in thrilling series. This team is experienced, battle tested, gritty, tough, no hype, no frills...just grit and grind! When u beat Miami, OKC and New York all within 1 week....that tells everybody in the league....Memphis is NO JOKE!....Just bring it!
faargsob::Good post. The Grizz actually beat San Antonio in 6 games though. Watching those guys in game 7 last year they were dead tired. Even if they somehow win that game they get swept by the Spurs in the next round.
mrdude4290::Grizzlies have the best record in the NBA and no one is going as crazy as they were when the Knicks did
IlyaKol::That's cause Memphis has been developing nicely for a couple years now.  I'm a Heat fan but gotta give the people in Memphis credit. Helluva team.  The Knicks, on the other hand, were a Miracle Lin moment away from being a lottery team last year. That's why them being 6-0 was so huge.
patmandewb::Interesting that a team without any superstars is playing the best ball and looks like a legitimate contender. Good coaching, good chemistry, good game plans....probably a combination of all 3!
IlyaKol::Reminds me of the 2003-2004 Pistons. One or two all-stars, but a bunch of otherwise good players.
ivleaguelawn::Byron Mullens (big white)has been a hidden jewel, he has definitely shown that he can play many roles and scored as much as Walker.  Walker seems to be finding his stride, im starting to see the Walker that i watched shine in College. as far as the negatives, we definitely need to work on ball control on all fronts, we did terrible at rebounds, we were fumbling around while dribbling, I lost count how many times we rolled the ball out of bounds...it was pretty ridiculous...watching Marc Gasol was fun, he is a lumbering guy  but when he got that ball it went in (pompous caveman)...props
ivleaguelawn::I have been to a Bobcats game when they lost many times before, last night was different! I wasn't the least bit bitter or disappointed in having spent my hard earned money to attend and support them. They played like a team! They didn't get discouraged when they were down by as much as 15 or more points late in the game. Instead they used it as fuel to ignite the fire under their $@%!$ to compete until the very end!  The final moments of the game were exciting, I see more than a few stars on our team, I finally see a team that believes that they can win, that feeling is contagious.  I am feeling a sense of pride and hope now and I can't wait to see what they are going to do next!
Tiger4lyfe::And in Unrelated news John Caliprari coached the Memphis Tigers to a win over Samford..
tani_budde::To whoever came up with title:  Hornets are no longer in Charlotte. I know, I know, but it happened like 10+ years ago, so...?
WiscoMase23::hey ESPN, milwaukee beat the hornets last night. memphis beat the bobcats. try again
tani_budde::In my opinion you are now more qualified for the ESPN writers position than this guy.
DeviantU::I guess ESPN really doesn't pay attention to their board posts. The incorrect headline is still up.
WiscoMase23::hilarious! worst editing ever for a major news distributor
JrueRandallHoliday::Why is Mullens taking 21 shots...
yorkp24::Who ever made this headline needs to remember the Hornets play in New Orleans not Charlotte now... Its the Bobcats that play in Charlotte lol
numberounofightingirish::Been betting with this online betting system called Sportsbettingstar since early April. In just two months now I have doubled my money. I am still shocked at how well this system does and how accurate it is. You can find this bet system on Google if you search the words Sports Betting System, it was on the first page of Google when I found it.
DB92LA::To all you Grizz fans who are already saying the Grizz are the best team in the NBA... 1. Remember the first game of the season? 2. Remember the playoffs? 3. The Clips have only one less win 4. All but one of the Clipper wins have been against playoff teams 5. Not even 10 games into the season  Can't wait for the next game in Memphis...
umtigrfan4u::Memphis just happened to beat though the defending Champions and the runners up from last year.
stathusker::Yes, Clips fans, you beat us in game one this season. We hear you. The playoffs last year have nothing to do with the best team this year. Half of your team was switched out and Memphis now has a bench. We are the top team right now because we haven't lost since game one while the Clips crapped their pants at home against a couple non-playoff teams. Those losses will cost ya come seeding time.
doof54::I have absolutely no problem with your post. Grizzlies are just trying to be the best team on the floor each and every gamenight.  We definitely remember last season's playoffs. Will not forget what we owe the Clips. Disappointing opening night.  Grizzlies looked like they weren't quite ready for the season to start. Clips were ready.   "Can't wait for the next game in Memphis..." It's mutual.  Can't wait. Lace em up, and let's play.
emthomasjr::#wedontbluffcity
david.smith811::it's adorable that you are stalking us.
bataylor1828::Please, with all this remember the playoff talk! Right now undoubtedly the Grizzlies are playing better basketball than people give them credit for. Sure you can say your 9 pt win was great and Sure you can beat good teams but you can't beat Golden State or Cleveland? LOL! Sucker Please!
airic.ad::6. 27 point comeback
DB92LA::The title shows how much ESPN pays attention to Charlotte...
xxbasketballerxx::why does it say hornets?
UConnTaliek::Sometimes I wonder how many ESPN writers graduate from middle school.  Headline reads "Grizzlies Down Hornets".  The Hornets haven't been in Charlotte in a decade.  This isn't the only case, that ESPN mentions the wrong team, player or a misspelling.  If you're going to be the best in the world, please at least get the name of the team right.
.New_York_For_The_Win.::Grizzlies are the best team in the league right now without a doubt
Kujosh54321::As a bobcat's fan, I was impressed with this game. Honestly, last year this team would've given up at halftime. You grizzlies fans have a damn good team! Good luck the rest of the way.
tigersfangoldandblue::You're just saying the Grizzlies are the best because you'd like to think the Knicks are the second best.
.New_York_For_The_Win.::Grizzlies were tired
The Answer is 21::Whosyourdaddy needs to play more
.New_York_For_The_Win.::WTF... not even 1000 comments really??????? Yesterday at halftime already had 5000 comments
fanunknown::That was because of the Knicks :)
.New_York_For_The_Win.::Agreed.  And Knicke haters I guess
gt1master_ike::Haha, I could have sworn my hornets lost a close game to the Bucks.
DDMaclin::Good game 2nite but was a lil sluggish from the Knicks game...Grizzlies are looking good this season best record in the league right now
King of Dodging Lakes::My beeper just told me that I have a fax that says Vancouver beat the Hornets.
Jun360::And "you got mail"  from aol to confirm it.
torrtis::Retro night on ESPN? Hornets?
Katrina2692::The Grizzly Bear v The Bobcat....who won?  Can u say.......Grizzzzzzz!!!!
Katrina2692::Get over it we the Best!!!! Grizzlies#1Fan
RedMage138::Hornets?  Really?  Really?  Really?
LiveAtTheHive88::CHARLOTTE HORNETS!!
Kev_010::Got to say Bobcats improved. If this was the team last year they'll be down by 20 but they're only down by 7 this game against Memphis which is a really good team this year.
machinegunkelley80::whomever wrote that headline should be fired
Mac271::<a><p>The Bobcats are so bad they couldn't even remember their name</p></a>
Kate Upton can sit on my face till I pass out__::they have a better record than the Lakers
Mac271::I wouldn't put the Knicks on the list. Don't be surprised if their hot start is all but forgotten in a few weeks. I want to see some consistency first, but I think they can be the one real challenge to Miami. I also want to see how they re-integrate Amare. That hasn't worked out well for them.
Kev_010::Not really when you have teams like Miami and Knicks and Thunders all elite teams in the mix also and Spurs
Mac271::I guess that's all that really matters. The Lakers are the benchmark this season because they're winning it all.
Kate Upton can sit on my face till I pass out__::haha hornets...
HadumiFire::is mkg in the doghouse or something, why is he only playing 20 minutes a night?
PDubLB42::foul trouble tonight
Andrewfuturestar::haha hornets...
Nik13490::grizzlies beat hornets lol.... dosent espn know that they are Bobcats now not hornets
GoBlueRaidersGo25::They should know
rad0525::Charlotte has been the BOBCATS since 2004. How are they still getting this wrong
GoBlueRaidersGo25::Mike Conley scores 20 as Grizzlies down Hornets for 8th straight win. This is probably going to be in the Not Top 10 next Friday as well. It will also be your new Worst of the Worst champion.
BobcatsNC::#BRINGBACKTHEBUZZ
LACLIPPERSFANSINCE1994::Wth?? The recap headline is Grizzlies down Hornets!!
GoBlueRaidersGo25::Mike Conley scores 20 as Grizzlies down Hornets for 8th straight win. This got to be on C'MON MAN!! during ESPN's Monday Night Countdown
TSALOMI::Michael Connley scores 20 as the Grizzlies beat the Hornets...lol
AGirlThatLovesSports_::oh.
CLTBraves12::Went to the game tonight, team looked very different in the 4th quarter. Kemba is becoming a one man wrecking ball late in games. Still too many empty seats though.
IKnowYouReadThis::Tell us ESPN did the Writer of the Article get Fired, Demoted, reprimanded or kicked in the a@@ for suggesting "Hornets" lossed tonight
Bringing.The.Facts::The Grizz beat the Hornets and the Bobcats in one day...awesome.
MEMPHIS GRIZZZ::yeah just got back from work Grit &amp; Grind :)
Mclovinswag16::I guess it's safe to assume that the writer of this article was sour when the Hornets left the city
