jahmarcusRuss2::missed the game but it looks like the refs were making their presence known
gianluchisti::MANIPULATIVE MATCH : toronto - boston     because BOSTON want arrive #7   and must pay $$$$$$$ for GARNETT PIERCE ALLEN ...     IN PLAYOFF one lost 4-1 or 4-2 vs MIAMI or CHICAGO is GOOD....   respect 4-0 vs PHILADELPHIA 76rs !!!     (my favourite team are SPURS , NUGGETS and SIENA ... i don't have cause for speak the false ...)   ( i live in ITALY - TUSCANY - SIENA - PALIO of SIENA )
The_Boomtown_Rats::go Memphis
FranklinStrut::Pacers way to go. Two game skid has gotta hurt.
nixaceltics::You are only as good as your point guard, and Collison is NOT the answer!!! they will keep being inconsistant, as long as he is the PG!!!
Goawayheattrolls::pacers will always be the bulls boitch
jahmarcusRuss2::and you will be the heat's "boitch" congrats.
Vic__18::First time in this short season the pacers have lost 2 in a row....not bad for a team who has yet to find there identity since the brawl at auburn hills!! We got a deep bench and granger finally has a supporting cast!!! When George Hill gets back in the lineup that's just another scorer to add to the 5 other guys who are averaging double figures!!! WE GONNA GIVE THE BULLS A BATTLE THIS YEAR FELLAS!!!!!!
Johnny47716::Great win Grizzlies......against a quality opponent!
Robdee999::Awww Good Game Grizzles....We got the boards but we didn't shoot well again tonight. We really needed this win to be over the sixers.
royboy1978::GRIT N GRIND GRIZZ!!!!!!
195pranav::this phenomenon is sometimes referrred to as "regression to the mean" !!!!
Spursdc::All the fluke teams are slipping
indy500fans::No, I think it is more of not having a preseason has caused more injuries than usual, and the teams that are healthy are playing better.
iownamicrowave::bulls haven played anyone
tbomber2::bulls arent healthy  miami wasn't healthy for a while
Josh645646::Josh's Trivia of the day. Who is the NBA logo shadow modeled off of.
IrishBCS11::Jerry West
indy500fans::Is it Billy Keller?
ImAllIn0824::grizzlies with zebo are just a tad bit under OKC. in the west, i think they can be a problem for anybody incl. denver, port. san ant. lakers etc.   i think oj mayo is the key" when he scores well, they are tough
indy500fans::Randolph is such a bad mismatch in the playoffs.  He is quiet for about 4 or 5 minutes, then takes over for 4 minutes, and before you know it, he has 24 points.  Most teams in the league would love to have him.  We hoosiers loved to watch him in High School.
indy500fans::Great game to all Grizz fans.  Better team won tonight.  Be safe y'all!
Josh645646::al maupins F U and your sucky "Grizzlies" and their man Gay action
gotigersmemphis87::Hater
ImAllIn0824::pacers atl orl philly all in same boat. question will always remain. . . . . . .who can challenge mia and chi and outlast either of them in 7 game series? catch my drift???
Josh645646::word..... UP LEgen wait for Dary.  Good day....... I said good Day!!!!!
indy500fans::Pacers match up with the Bulls real well, just look at last year.  Pacers knew they were the better team, and showed it for the first 46 minutes of each game.  Now they have a few more players.
ImAllIn0824::ok, well  we will have to see come playoff time, lol
ATLhawks0::booty
Josh645646::The grizzlies will never go anywhere in the coveted "Western COnferenece." That is so much better than a conference with Miami, Chicago, Orlando, Indiana, Atlanta, Phily, Boston, and New York
Jhe1125::The west is better because right now there are about eleven teams over .500.  in the east there are maybe 7
WillHaze::Pacers were not "beat down" by the Bulls. The Bulls barely escaped that series with their lives
infamous122::Everyone said that about Mami and what happen  it has better overall records not just at the top  Look last year Grizz beat the spurs and Pacers were beat down by the Bulls
Griss13ears::Milwaukee is in the 8th playoff spot in the east with a 12 -14 losing record. The west has 2 teams out of the playoffs with winning records. A team from the west has been NBA champions 7 of last 10 years. The west is the better conference.
indy500fans::Not this year. Chicago or Miami will win it all.
Josh645646::asdfghj
tigersfangoldandblue::This is the first year in a long time where the East and the West have been about equal ... so now you bring this statement out? Great the East is probably more stacked than the West this year ... but don't act like the West hasn't earned the reputation of being superior based on the past 6-7 years.
indy500fans::Who cares about the past, we are talking about now.
Josh645646::just what people are saying I think the east is better,
infamous122::they have two team everyone else is so-so
Josh645646::Chicago
indy500fans::So, if the favorite one or two teams are from the East, how is the West so much better?
indy500fans::And who is the favorite to win it all this year? Miami or Chicago, right?
d.mccue83::is Paul George trying to be the next Granger..2 games in a row where he's single handedly lost the game for the Pacers..and in the last 2 games he's shot  3-21...how the f**k is that even possible..you have to be the worst player in the league to shoot 3-21..and even than i think the worst player in the league can hit better than 14% of his shots. its time to bench this bum before it gets out of hand...last 2 game averages..6.5 pts 6.5 reb 1 ast 1 stl 1 blk 3 TO 3-21 FG( .148) 7-9 FT( .777) and 0-7 in 3's...with 4 PF per game..thats the worst stat line i've ever seen in my life.
d.mccue83::yeah i agree with the part that he's been making them..but its called law of averages.  eventually he'll start missing half of the ones he was making. he wasnt going to shoot 47% from 3 for the year.lol  he shot 29% last year. which means he'll end up prob around the 35-37 range..which means he'll prob hit 25% of his 3's from here on out..so at that point before it ruins his game, and confidence, and his teams playoff run...he needs to play to his strengths..get to the line more, and start using his athleticism to his advantage..he's quick, agile, versatile, and can use that to get easier looks and get to the line..living at the perimeter is not helping the team at all. he just needs to learn that...thats where the coaching staff comes into play.
Pacers-Cowboys24::I agree but he's missing all of his perimter 3's that he was making consistently all year.
d.mccue83::than you didnt watch tonights game..he was 2-13 and at least 5 of those shots were shots that he could have gotten off a much better shot by pump fake or working his way more towards the basket..and also anytime your an 85% FT shooter and you shoot 2-13 from the field and only 4-4 from the line, that also falls under bad shot selection..as well as bad managing of his skills. i know he's young, but he cost his team 2 straight games. he needs to realize the kind of player he is..this isn't it..he should be taking around 10-12 shots per game..1/3 of them from 3..and he should be getting to the line 6-8 times per game. it spreads the floor out, uses his own strengths, and makes him so much harder to defend.
Pacers-Cowboys24::Shot selection? no, hes missing wide open shots at the moment
Pacers-Cowboys24::There are two sides to the ball, his defense hasn't been slipping..just a shooting slump for a very good shooter/player. Give him a break lol
d.mccue83::he's spending too much time trying to emulate Granger...his shot selection was absolutely pathetic the last 2 games..he needs to get it fixed and fast..
indy500fans::That is what you get with a kid that is barely old enough to legally drink alcohol!
mwlevine::Lets be fair: Orlando, Atlanta, and Memphis are teams built in models that take away what the Pacers have done well this season up front and Memphis and Atlanta get better for the playoffs every year. But you want to be legit, then you win these games and the Pacers haven't. Bad week including the Jazz game with Clipper and Heat coming up. Pacers need to get this figured out...
KingGeorge53::While the Pacers are a very good team, you need a near all star roll player to get over the hump.    But I'd say the Pacers are on track.
indy500fans::We thought that was West, but he acts like he is still hurting.
indy500fans::Could not agree more.  I don't see them figuring it out without Hill to provide the spark.  If Granger doesn't get his shot back, it will be a LONG LOSING February.
ImAllIn0824::lol granger shootin like 37% from the floor lol
al mauppins::IN TROUBLE FOR SURE
Griss13ears::Good win Grizz. Finally got the shots to fall tonight. Good effort Pacers.
ImAllIn0824::people love to drink and you can buy liquor on every corner in america, but DUIs kill innocent people and ruin conutless lives. that being said, why are gamblers so frowned upon? its our money
Pacers-Cowboys24::As a poker player I wish they'd fix it already, I miss it lol. Its a legitimate argument, why allow the consumption of alcohol that leads to death when gambling is your own fault that doesn't affect anyone else. At least there is skill and math to gambling.
nblucas97::Only, it does affect others.
ImAllIn0824::there are a lot less degenrate gamblers than alcholics. most people are casual gamblers, they dont blow the rent money. thats a small perccentage of us who go to that extreme. alcohol has a much broader impact
indy500fans::Are you even serious?  You cannot be serious.
nblucas97::Gambling ruins countless lives too.
MetsNLChamps2012::KNICKS WIN !!!
Benjamayne::behind Lin's 38, I'm so glad theres a tim tebow of the NBA to hear about on espn first take :)
IlliniDave68::That's nice.  Now, GTFO.
Josh645646::I hate grizzlies. Ha HA they suck. GO Pacers!!!!!!!
al mauppins::WESTERN CONF FINALS....THEN SAY THAT $@%!!!!!!!!
al mauppins::u crazy......u hoosier....GRIZZLIES GOING PLACES.  WHEWWW
indy500fans::Did Roy Hibbert even show up in Memphis tonight?
mwlevine::No, disappeared
al mauppins::grit@grind way to go grizzlies
IlliniDave68::Good job, Grizz!
mwlevine::Grizzlies are solid no question. Pacers just leaving to much on the table again. Bad bad week, gotta get this turned around
BoomGoesTheDynamite31::hopefully george hill comes back soon
tigersfangoldandblue::*team
tigersfangoldandblue::That's funny. "Playing down" ... you guys start the season hot and all of a sudden you think you're amazing. The Grizz and pacers were both No. 8 seeds last year, and this year is far from over. Let's see which teams ends with the better record.
Pacers-Cowboys24::Memphis is a good team..
infamous122::and pacers being in the East helps so the Grizz are better  we are not even healthy and we beat the pacers  So SHUT YOUR MOUTH
indy500fans::You are as good as your record.  Again, Pacers playing down to their competition.
indy500fans::They will continue to lose to losing teams without him.
darktraderchin::stick a fork in them, good game anways for the pacers.  but memphis u guys won me some $$$$$$ love you guys
ImAllIn0824::i know, this was one of thes easiest nba picks of the night and i didnt make a dam dime on this game. im soooo pist
ImAllIn0824::sometimes vegas makes it so easy for us, and we dont even take advanatge. indy had no chance in this one, easy pick memphis -1.5 all day
indy500fans::Betting is for losers.
indy500fans::And, of course, everyone wins, right?
ImAllIn0824::betting is great as long as you win more than you lose.
mwlevine::Under 40% from the field, 70% FT, inexcusable, should have won this game, totally out rebounded them
indy500fans::Like about every other game this year.
MetsNLChamps2012::LIN draws the charge
indy500fans::Troll elsewhere.
indy500fans::How do you beat Dallas, Chicago, Lakers, Celtics, and Magic on the road, and lose to the Grizz when they don't have Randolph?  Maybe time for a few more trades.
infamous122::and the Pacers are in East enough said
adavisrc09::Your saying that as if Memphis is a group of scrubs
indy500fans::Playing like a .500 team plays.
adavisrc09::Dengless
indy500fans::Without Hill, we have little spark off the bench other than Psycho T.  We need more bench help.
indy500fans::Lance cannot hold onto the ball, though.
Pacers-Cowboys24::We need lance to continue to work on his shot. But were fine with hill back in the lineup so chill lol.
PlayerPresident1::pacers are not better than none of those teams (except maybe the magic) in a seven game series.
adavisrc09::LOL @Indy
indy500fans::Pacers nearly beat the Bulls last year in a 7 game series.  They showed already they can beat the Bulls in Chicago.
Pacers-Cowboys24::Dude chill out, this team needs no trades.
ImAllIn0824::great game here, been tied after every quarter. i knoew the grizz would cover the 1.5 damit, easy money bet, should took it
indy500fans::Betting is stupid.  There is a reason the buildings are so big in Vegas!
ApolloBravo::Granger shouldn't even be in the game.
MetsNLChamps2012::38
PlayerPresident1::lol.  you ridin' his sack hard.  and knicks are still garbage.
MetsNLChamps2012::37
Pacers-Cowboys24::Maybe granger can pull some Tmac stuff lol
indy500fans::Why is it Conley is so inconsistent? If you look at his numbers, he is good every other game!
ApolloBravo::Yeah, he has no competent backup.
tlee112582::Prob bc he plays 35 min a night
Pacers-Cowboys24::10-6 road record now
iownamicrowave::10-7 i think..
MetsNLChamps2012::LINNNNNNNN 36
ApolloBravo::You're a troll.
darktraderchin::lol such haters, look at the guys last 4 games
ApolloBravo::Guarded by who, fisher? Not impressed.
nblucas97::Go away!
PlayerPresident1::and?
gotigersmemphis87::So go to that board then
mwlevine::Too many "and 1's" conceded this evening. Sloppy
mwlevine::Shooting continues to kill us game after game. Can't knock down shots, can't finish at the rim. Sick of this $@%!
indy500fans::Can't finish at the rim...Refs swallow their whistles cuz they think it is the old team of the 90's with the thugs on it.
mr_etisalat::good game mephis
blk_polo::Indy do you know how to spell loss?
darktraderchin::LOL why are you such a troll indy
indy500fans::Just sayin'.  I know how to spell Memphis, and I don't live there.  Just sayin'...
indy500fans::Do you even know how to spell the team you are rooting for?
dogs::not over yet
mr_etisalat::lmao this one is way over..
Greenkun36::This has been(and still is) a great game.
mr_etisalat::pacers have been over achieving all year.. now back to earth
infamous122::who have the Pacers play in the west
indy500fans::Dude, you are just a hater.
Benjamayne::well, they do play in the east so its not like theres many good teams they need to play
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::yes they are.
nblucas97::The west is not dominant anymore.
Pacers-Cowboys24::5-1 against west
Pacers-Cowboys24::How are you a fan and saying that? Did you watch us the last 3 years, and last year when we should have beat the bulls in the 1st round? Obviously not, I expected to be a top 4 seed this year, and we are.
mwlevine::We shoot anywhere near an acceptable % in this game and win this. Statements like that after 1 game? You don't know $@%!
indy500fans::Nope.  Losing George Hill was as big a loss as losing a starter.  He was on his way to being 6th man of the year.
