TopTexasTeams::Mavs back at it. C&amp;C inc.  Cuban and Carlisle if you want to know the meaning.
TopTexasTeams::Mayo with the Mavs now, Rick Carlisle got these men ready to fight for eachother on the court. This team is built without a weakness, slashers, post upn players, Centers, Defense, Dallas can play with speed or slow the game down. You'll see.
doof54::I am pretty sure Tony Allen cannot wait for OJ Mayo to get back to Memphis.  Unfinished business.
Le Asterisk::nice finish in the 4th Q.  mavs contenders once again
Knicks4Life244::Mayo comes back to earth on Friday
Jerryintx88::yea he is going to go off again on the knicks
CandySparker::Cheers O.J. Mav
knicks_11::Oj playing lke an all-star
Efreshp::glad to see mayo free to live.up to his full potential....and for the record.kobe owns mayo everytime...
Jerryintx88::kobe owns no one..  rapist
woodrozky55::that explains why the lakers lost to them right???
Aeiouy.com::Mayo &gt; Kobe
johndomenow::mike brown kisses andrew bynum  LOL classic   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZeqsNmAV-w
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::Whoop em Mavericks Style parody lol  (Must watch if you're a Mavs fan)  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CplqRckrgI
pckrier::The Mavericks are an improved team, and they might win a playoff series or two.  However, the road to the Southwest Division and the Western Conference goes through San Antonio.
Aeiouy.com::San Oldtonio you mean.
pckrier::And the Mavericks are no young pups either.
leggoheatles::Started betting with a system called Sportsbettingstar now for a couple of months. I found this online on the first page of google by searching the words sports betting system. Since I started I have made around $3,000 a month just following it. It is by far the best system I have ever tried in many years of betting
i love dallas sports and oatmeal my wifes cool too::Mavs looking good....its along season but ease in a healthy dirk and the mavs could be a contender.   IMO ...  cowboys cant finish a game but at least the mavs can    MFFL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Brandon18502::Youtube...watch?v=ikQVEIU-WLc&amp;feature=channel&amp;list=UL
rumelpob::I'm excited about the potential that Lillard has, but he needs to improve his defense.  Collison could do whatever he wanted tonight and Westbrook did even better a few nights ago.  Until he can learn to keep his man in front of him he will immediately undue whatever he gives on the offensive end by allowing his man to blow right by him.
UO2012::well, we had a game til the 4th
torrtis::After the Houston game, Lillard fell in love with the 3s.
Dirk2XMVP::Deron Williams not choosing Dallas and Jason Kidd rejecting the contract Mavs offered him is a blessing in disguise for the Mavs. If we had signed Kidd, Terry, and Williams, we would not be able to sign Oj Mayo, Collison, and Chris Kamen. Plus all 3 are younger than what we had last year  This is again why Mark Cuban is the best owner in sports. I am so excited about the rest of the season since we have still not seen Dirk!
Jerryintx88::mac what you been smokin boy
Mac271::Fools gold. The Mavs are an 6-8 seed in reality.   DWill, Terry, Kidd &gt; Mayo, Collison, Kaman
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::<b></b>
Kobelies247::Sure is quiet in Ptown tonight! hehe
bojo87::not really...
belfeliandre::Mavs shooting 61.5%?   Portland's defense was back in Oregon before the game even started.
duke_mavs_panthers_braves_::Man how scary will this team be when Dirk gets back! Mavs are going to surprise everyone at the end of the year
johncestes::dirk come back
duke_mavs_panthers_braves_::2 more weeks I think. If Mavs keep winning, I hope they just let Dirk recover 100% and than let him take shots on his own and than bring him back.
Eg214::Mavs Gave Portland Fans a Rude Awakening!
popdaddy1518::Mavs playing good without dirk, maybe they can trade him and  get some value in return
Aureliux::Actually. Dirk has a no-trade clause
pckrier::He will be traded to the Lakers, just like LeBron will lol.
Brandon18502::He is a Knicks, Nets, Heat fan...
duke_mavs_panthers_braves_::lol mavs are not going to ever trade Dirk.
johncestes::hope your kidding
kiss_thee_ring::BATUM IS SO OVERATED
Aeiouy.com::He is not playing for the overrated gtizzlies any longer with ball hogs Randolph and gasol
belfeliandre::Batum has a great basketball IQ and is a real team player. Anybody can have an off night (but you'll realize that when Mayo gets back to his usual 5 for 15 shooting).
popdaddy1518::i feel u but he is also underrated
obamaagainin2012::Can't wait to see Tony Allen pimp slap OJ again.
duke_mavs_panthers_braves_::OJ Mayo chose the contender. Not pretenders. He's going to succeed in Dallas unlike when he was with Memphis. Plus Mavs coach is so lot better
ThisIzTicket::lmao ... scroll to the end of this video and watch how crazy this coach goes HAM on the refs.. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_qXkovk3ao
droppinknowledge12345678::I know its early...but I'm going to pat myself on the back...I said Mayo was going to be a good fit in a Mavs UNI and most people online didn't think that AT ALL.  Looking good so far.
p1kaygee::Damian played decent, not bad, not good... it was a semi-rough night for the rookie, but hey, only 2 people in franchise history have scored a double double in their nba debut
Kobelies247::50mill gets you 14 pts  and 5 rebounds huh?   Freaking joke
popdaddy1518::aldridge only got 19 and 7 and took 20 shots
Eg214::Whos that?
Kobelies247::lol really?
Eg214::If Dirk Comes Back Strong I Like our Chances of coming out of the West!
fightingillini1243::its a long season my friend
droppinknowledge12345678::lofty
CowboyzDFDub::This is nice  -Dirk
KentuckyAlum2012::Jae Crowder could potentially replace Shawn Marion as the starting SF
fightingillini1243::Marion means to much on the glass for dallas as well.
spacebump::No one on the Mavs can play defense as good as Marion...not even close.
CowboyzDFDub::I hear ya, workin with Matrix helps the replacement and separation issues.   Like what I'm seeing so far with this squad.
CowboyzDFDub::I would miss Matrix.
KentuckyAlum2012::So would I. But Crowder is a high energy guy who can bring the same intensity that Marion has brought in his career. Crowder is also a good shooter.
CowboyzDFDub::Spanked
CowboyzDFDub::Got beat down, beeeotch slapped, assaulted.
thenextgreatest21::OJ Mayo, WELCOME BACK HOLY $@%!
IAMpunter0926::WTF blazers 12 pt 4th???  you $@% scrubs
bigryan73...::I thought that Portland Rookie was suppose to be better than the whole mavs team especially collison... Guess thats not the case...
KentuckyAlum2012::Damian Lillard is a good PG, just had an off night. I'm happy with Collison, he's still young and playing great basketball so far. We don't need Lillard.
CBass1317::Yeah yeah.  Bad night for the rook.  Dallas made shots and played good D.  Collison is a nice player, but 30 out of 30 GMs would trade him for Lillard.  No brainer.  Pacers didn't even want him.
Aeiouy.com::Donnie Nelson &gt; Larry bird  The pacers also did not want Rick Carlisle
CBass1317::True, there is no telling, and injuries could happen.  But 30 out of 30 GMs still make the deal.  Its clear as day the kid is a stud.  Learning will take place, of course.  And Jones looks like a player.  I got nothing bad to say about him.
bigryan73...::Sure... Our backup pg dojo came in and was more effective than Lillard... Hes just a rookie, no telling how he turns out
CBass1317::Blazers are gonna have some tough nights this year.  When those three balls are not falling ... ugg.  Dallas did a great job jumping the P&amp;R, definitely going to need to practice the rotation off of that as every team will be using that from this point to slow Lillard.
UO2012::it'll be a long season for sure....we really have no depth to speak of right now...bench is among the worst in the league.
KentuckyAlum2012::I'd like to thank the Grizzlies for not retaining OJ Mayo. He has been awesome so far for us. He won't be scoring 30 points often when Dirk returns, but we won't need him to. It's good to know tho that Mayo can go off for 30 in case Dirk has some off games.
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::<div style="text-decoration: blink;">&nbsp;<br> <span><a> <b> <i> <u> Mavs win!!</u></i></b></a></span><span style="">...</span><span style=""></span></div>
mysterio_05::BINGO!!!!
evilsteve117::mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win! mavs win!!!!!!!
CBass1317::.
Ripcitybeavs::Everyone in dallas worships a N A Z I- DIRK
NORTHtxSWAGG::at least he aint jewish
claiborne41::stop crying, maybe you can beat the clips next game so you can feel good about your team..
KentuckyAlum2012::Dirk ain't a $@%!, he's a first ballot HOFer.
claiborne41::mad?
KentuckyAlum2012::He mad
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::Just leave man you getting flagged to death your account going to be suspended when u log on next time
Dirk Nowitzki 12X All Star 07RegularSeasonMVP 2011FinalsMVP::How can you hate on Dirk? He did the world a favor by beating the Arrogant Miami Heat and is a first ballot HOF
FightTheTide11::+22 for Crowder in 14 minutes. What a boss.
Dirk Nowitzki 12X All Star 07RegularSeasonMVP 2011FinalsMVP::Portland fans get real mad when they lose lol. I would be too if I lost to a team that didn't even have Dirk
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::We didnt had MArion and roddy
Ripcitybeavs::n a z I
Dirk Nowitzki 12X All Star 07RegularSeasonMVP 2011FinalsMVP::my bad they BLOWN OUT
Ripcitybeavs::who cares about that $@%!
Chargers_4_Sale::Thunder &gt; Mavericks &gt; Blazers  At the end of the day.
SouthDallas40::We'll see.
spacebump::This isn't last year, the Thunder got worse and the Mavs got better. The Thunder torched the Mavs last playoffs due to Harden. Now he is gone.
axdoan::Minus Harden. I would rather let Ibaka leave and throw the money at Harden.
evilsteve117::thunder aren't the best by a long shot, still a lot ob bball to be played
KentuckyAlum2012::OKC is better than most teams, so what's the point? As good as they are, they will never win a title with Westbrook (aka Westbrick) being so inefficient.
Ripcitybeavs::Thunder take it this year.
Ripcitybeavs::MAVS FANS- GO SUCK CUBANS DICK
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::Flag
Ripcitybeavs::he had one bad game and now hes terrible. huh
Dirk Nowitzki 12X All Star 07RegularSeasonMVP 2011FinalsMVP::lol someone is mad about this loss. Dude Portland sucks and Lillard isn't that good
CBass1317::Portland sucks.  Lillard is pretty damn good.
NORTHtxSWAGG::bet it tastes like money
NORTHtxSWAGG::no, but ask all the lakers fans who got to take a lick after they got swept in the second round
Chargers_4_Sale::You would know...huh.
KentuckyAlum2012::14 points and 13 assists, what's that the 2nd double double for Collison on the season? I always knew he'd be good from the day I saw him with the Hornets. Glad he's on the Mavericks now.
Dirk Nowitzki 12X All Star 07RegularSeasonMVP 2011FinalsMVP::Who needs Jkidd? He gave us like 5 ppg last year and Darren Collison is giving us double the production. I love this mavs team
Dirk Nowitzki 12X All Star 07RegularSeasonMVP 2011FinalsMVP::yea he is. Jkidd actually did us a favor by declining the contract Mavs gave him. What were the Pacers thinking? We basically got Collison for free
KentuckyAlum2012::Jason Kidd is a future HOFer. But with all due respect, it was time to move on from Kidd. I can't wait to see how well Collison and Dirk will play together.
Ripcitybeavs::All you mavs fans. Do you even watch basketball. Your championship was a fluke and it wont happen again for many years to come. Same with Portland but we still love our teams
SouthDallas40::Clueless.
axdoan::I remember Bonzi Wells and Damon Stoudamire. Could've paired Durant/Roy/Aldridge. Now just Aldridge/Lilliard.
evilsteve117::a fluke??? mavs completely dominated the heat in every facet of the game, you must have been busy watching american idol or something while that series took place.
claiborne41::winning a ring is never a fluke., those are just reasons of bitter fans, and players..
ShiloInn1985::What Portland 'teams' are those? The Portland Trailblazers and the Rainy Bay Sea Buzzards?
Dirk Nowitzki 12X All Star 07RegularSeasonMVP 2011FinalsMVP::This is why Portland will continue to be irrelevant while the Mavs keep making the playoffs. This will be their 13th straight year
NORTHtxSWAGG::youre a fluke.
Chargers_4_Sale::Westbrook &gt; Lilliard  Blazers fans don't you ever compare him anymore.
racesubaru::dude just finished his 4th nba game relax
Ripcitybeavs::It's who care is this writing 101.
Chargers_4_Sale::If you're going to call someone an idiot, don't spell like one.
Ripcitybeavs::your an idiot.
Chargers_4_Sale::It's you're........idiot.
claiborne41::can't wait..
Dirk Nowitzki 12X All Star 07RegularSeasonMVP 2011FinalsMVP::Mavs &gt; Thunder  Collison &gt; westBRICK (When it comes to turnover assist etc)
Dirk Nowitzki 12X All Star 07RegularSeasonMVP 2011FinalsMVP::great comeback
Chargers_4_Sale::Perfect excuse.
Dirk Nowitzki 12X All Star 07RegularSeasonMVP 2011FinalsMVP::also stop living in past because I can do that also
Dirk Nowitzki 12X All Star 07RegularSeasonMVP 2011FinalsMVP::Mavs are beating teams without Dirk bro. The Thunder lost Harden and got weaker. Thunder sucks
Chargers_4_Sale::Didn't the Mavs get swept? Why are y'all out the trashcan?
claiborne41::mavs chillin under the radar,
Brandon18502::^Something D. Rose has not done.
claiborne41::2nd best center?? if he had maximized his talent, .. atleast he won a ring without playing..
dabears2253::no they had a chance in the west but they waived eddy curry destroying their chance
dabears2253::it was a terrible pick up the mavs lost the 2nd best center in the NBA it wasnt worth it
claiborne41::i thought troy murphy was a nice pick up
