Empire State Sports::It's funny looking back at this more than a year later.
thelawson07::HEY DENVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HOW'S IT FEEL WATCHING LIN-SANITY!?!? 24-7 COVERAGE ALL DAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY.... PAYBACK FOR THE 4 WEEKS OF TEBOWMANIA OH IT'S SO BITTERSWEET.... KNICKS WITH LIN&gt;NUGGETS WILL EVER BE WITH GALLO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2345jordan2345::Nuggets are killing !!! Only if JR Smith was back in Denver they would be killing even more !!! lol
KyleFurtner::JR is such a bum....shut up
TQ9475::Hey NY, hows things been since "The Gallo Trade"?
thelawson07::How's IT FEEL WATCHING THE KNICKS BECOME THE BEST TEAM IN THE NBA B1TCH4SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
2345jordan2345::ahaha he said it all ^^^^^^
KyleFurtner::Easy matchups? The Nuggets smoked the heat, beat the lakers, smoked the Mavs, and went 4-0 on a roadtrip where they played 4 games in 5 days...concluding with the win over the New York Anthonys
Gamham34::READ MY FIRST COMMENT YOU IDIOT!
Gamham34::You Gay $@% nuggets have some easy matches anyway. So its not like your doing all that great.
Slurm Soda::The Knicks have had the 28th easiest schedule in the NBA. You guys should be rolling but you're not.
Gamham34::Great! Were a new team coming together working on a way to get better... And you???
Eatin Turnips::Interesting article from the Denver perspective, and like it or not, it rings true:  http://www.milehighsports.com/?p=8300
TQ9475::So true of all the years he was in Denver.  I remeber the wife and I conversing those same exact things.  We loved him but we didnt really love to love him.  If that makes sense.
TQ9475::Coming off an OT game the night before and Karl only playing a 7 man rotation and the Knicks still couldnt pull it off with 2 OTs,  Guys playing 50 minutes the night after an OT game.  Thats sad.  And yes, I said Melo was nothing more than a scorer when he was in Denver too.  he isnt capable of being a leader, he doesnt desire to be an all around player.  If he did and if he could he would have by now.  Hes a role player, and his role is to score.  Too bad he takes more shots than he score points on most nights.  Cant say I miss it at all.  I remeber when the trade went down, i told my wife, those 30 shot nights with 25 pts, arent going to fly under the spotlight in NY, he got away with it in Denver, because the media wasnt watching.  He got what he wanted, now he will become a journeyman, wait and see.
2345jordan2345::&amp;&amp; dont for get about the 5 game road trip
TQ9475::If AAA, Rudy and Faried would have played (Yes Faried, cus hes better than Birdman and should get all his minutes), this would have been over by the 3rd qtr.  Only reason Knicks hung in there, is because Nuggs were running on fumes and were all eclipsing 40 minutes of playing time.
prrrdo::Where to start?  What I used to love about Melo when he played in Denver was that clutch shooting at the end of regulation.  What I hated and now enjoy about Melo is his shooting too much, holding the ball, shooting too much, slowing down the play, shooting too much, playing D only when there is a chance for a fast break where he'll get another shot, and finally did I mention SHOOTING TOO MUCH.   Now that the dust has settled from the trade, we Nuggets fans are very happy because we know what we have now.  Good luck NY with what you have.   Good luck cheering and bloating about past achievements that NY Knicks has provided you because the current Knicks look to be going nowhere soon.
ChimeraLycan::keep talking about the Knicks need a PG and my response to that is this: what difference will it make if Melo doesn't allow anyone else to touch the ball?
mikeymccreesh::NY fans, remember whey Fields used to get to take some shots and was looking pretty good? Oh the good old days before Carmella Vasquez started taking 30 shots a night.... HA HA HA
mikeymccreesh::NEWS FLASH.... Melo is not a superstar, he is a scorer and that's all folks. he'll score 25 a night on 30 shots and the guy he guards will have 20 plus on 15-20 shots.
bradkarl22::NBA Playoffs 1. Bulls 2. Heat 3. Hawks 4. 76ers 5. Magic 6. Pacers 7. Celtics 8. Knicks 9. Bucks 10. Cavaliers 11. Raptors 12. Pistons 13. Nets 14. Wizards 15. Bobcats Western 1. Thunder 2. Clippers 3. Nuggets 4. Mavericks 5. Lakers 6. Grizzles 7. Jazz 8. Trail Blazers 9. Spurs 10. Rockets 11. Timber Wolves 12. Suns 13. Warriors 14. Hornets 15. Kings
KyleFurtner::Clippers are to young...they're a 5 or 6 seed team...Lakers still win the division
28denverfan::ur wacko if u think the grizz jazz and blazers will make the playoffs and the spurs dont
ChimeraLycan::hawks are too high. pacers &gt; hawks
jayeteee::And only 49 games to go. LOL. The standings at the moment mean absolutely nothing.
CheeseyPal::Any updates on AAA or Rudy? We need our depth back.
nysportsrules::Melo's hurt and taking too many shots, Amare is acting like a role player, Harrleson's out 6+ weeks w/broken wrist, we have no pg, and the coaching staff has lost control. Do'esnt look good.
TQ9475::Gonna be a big shake up in the city soon.  Ahh, how nice it is to not have any players left in Denver that are a product of the Melo effect.  Dont miss seeing those 30 shots for 20 pts nights, thats for sure.  I had a feeling that those types of games would cause a lot of up roar in the media mecca.  He got away with it in Denver, didnt think he would in New York.  I told him, be careful what you wish for, but with the tv screen and such in the way, i dont think he heard me.
Gamham34::The knicks are not a bad team. But they are playing bad right now because all of the $@%! that the coach is doing... He is making the team worse! So when we get a new coach and baron davis is healthy and $@%!, We will be great. Until then you ''Haters'' need to stop talking $@%! about the knicks.
Gamham34::You people suck D!ck. The knicks are going to be good. And then watch them $@%! in all your mouths!
jayeteee::Tyson Chandler is a joke. If you guys(Knicks fans) think getting him was an upgrade, then I agree w/ dennorayj, the Knicks are a horrible team. I still can't forget what the Nuggets did to the Hornets in the '09' play offs when Chandler was there, and we won one of the games in the series in NO by 58 points. LMAO!!!!
CheeseyPal::Why would we stop talking shit about the knicks? Doing that is  too much fun.
Gamham34::And I bet your a homeless person living on the street that has no life sneaking into starbucks beging to use someones laptop.
dennorayj::And your right, the chicks are not a bad team they are a horrible team..
Gamham34::I bet you never had a girlfriend.
dennorayj::Please, you know damn well if the chicks would have won last night you would be bumping your gums...
Gamham34::I bet your like 43 still leaving in your moms basement.
KnicksJetsIslesYanks71::WOW....now we all know that EVERY SINGLE ONE of you Nuggets fans ran around for 7 yeas talking 'Melo. When he rejected your team.... you all became CLE fans with a team STACKED with role players. Newsflash....when we had to listen how Mike D will win some exciting REG season ball with no playoff hopes...that now applies to you! Have fun with your great regular season success. The Knicks team you barely beat last night will get better. DEN will slowly fade back into the ABA franchise that they were before 'Melo went there and gave you someting to cheer for. You'll get over it one day....enjoy all of those Titles you have won since 'Melo left. And the other 4 your city has.
Alibaba956720::Oh wa wa wa look at you crying like a little baby. Nuggets have a future, I don't see that with a Melo lead team.
mikeymccreesh::knicks suck, jets suck, Isle who are they haha they suck, and Yanks can't even buy wins anymore.... life must be pretty hard buddy... you guys will never do anything!
jayeteee::Typical NY fan, can't accept the loss like a man, has to try and belittle the other team. Knicks suck, but better yet, KnicksJetsIslesYanks71 is king of the whiners.
Gamham34::You are clearly a nuggets fan.... Theres one hater.
dennorayj::Gayram you make no sense..
Slurm Soda::That made 0 sense and the Knicks suck. hahaha
go brownies go::Hey i have a question, What happened to J.R Smith?
TQ9475::No room for JR anymore, dont want him dont need him.  Maybe NY should go after him, they could use another black hole on offense.
ChimeraLycan::smith, chandler and martin are stuck in china until the contract is finished
stingerl::China. Locked into a contract.
BatDadShowsNoFear::<b>Melo blows, sorry Knick fans but Denver is a playoff team and yours is not</b>
shortmac2380::im a bulls fan but makes me happy to see denver 12-5 and the knicks 6-10 well melo got what he wanted. sometimes the grass isn't always greener
Michael70532::And to think Nuggets only played 7 players last night and still won hahahah
Frank Roessler::Ha Ha MELO SUCKS! Knicks Suck! Thanks for giving us a championship shot NY. Enjoy your stupid LALA reality shows and Melo's 10 for 30 shooting and non defense. Love Denver
Mitchell3570::Melo for Ronnie Brewer is still on the table Knicks fans
Mitchell3570::where is NYCTheRealTitleTown?  I heard him talk mad s.h.i.t          about the Nuggets lmao
jayeteee::Yeah, him and some of the other cronies that were talking smack yesterday never did get back on post game.
steven3362::denver doesnt need melo.. FACT
fightinillini32::I think we can all agree that the Knicks blow.
CheeseyPal::Yep, nobody is disagreeing, not even kNickS_11 with his cutesy caps lock issue is disagreeing
fightinillini32::I know wtf is up with his caps?
blueline__123_x::well there have always been questions about Amare and their were whispers in denver about melo, but no prooof they blow, but the knicks are not a good basketball team, that much is known
knicks_11::gO "blOw" urself
fightinillini32::WHat?? I said the Knicks blow. If you dont understand that then what Im trying to say is that the Knicks are not good.
knicks_11::Yu want to BloW THe Knicks Soo
fightinillini32::U mad?
knicks_11::THiS COuld be One of the most. Sad. Felt Hard Seasons In Knicks hiStory. Props To all The players that are PlaYing their best or all theY got . Its Really hard For two Superstars two mEsh with no Bench Or No Point Guard. I'm not Giving Up and Never Will. All U bandwagoners can get Out Of here.
Frank Roessler::wahhhhhhhhh! I thought superstars was how championships were won? Melo sucks
CheeseyPal::It worked for the heat didn't it? oh, wait, nevermind . . .
goosu123::lol Melo was 10 of 30
blueline__123_x::good thing he got hot and hit 4 straight
STEVE61743::You know you're an awful team if you can't make the playoffs in the east.
Frank Roessler::5-9 gets you a 7th seed. In our Division they call that 5th place.
CheeseyPal::In our division 5th place is 7-9
goosu123::Not anymore. The East has had good teams at the top the last 5 yrs and now it is getting deeper.
fightinillini32::HAHA yeah the Celts already have a lot problems.
blueline__123_x::Noit sure i see Atlanta holding up, same with Indy..  One thing for sure, the agressive scheduling is going to cause lots of teams lots of problems, especially the celtics
fightinillini32::I think Indiana is pretty solid. Atlanta too. I dont really see Orlando though.
blueline__123_x::depth is one thing, depth of good teams is another....jsut do not see the depth of good teams in the east that you do....bulls, orlando, miami..dont see much more quality at this point
flyingiron2463::Its so funny how Melo's selfishness benefits the nuggets again. him wanting to be traded got them a deeper roster. and now his selfishness won the nuggs a game. haha you can't win for losing Melo.
mikesilver::30 shots...I'm sure A'mare loved that. Mela is a cancer. A'mare is definitely affected by his selfishness. They will never co-exist because Mela can't share the ball or limelight..And I remember the comparisons to Lebron just last year and I thought how ridiculous! You kidding me?
yfkamakazi::Laker fans worst case scenario is NY Knicks trade Carmelo and Amare for Dwight Howard and then sign Deron through free agency to form a new big 3 with Tyson Chandler
28denverfan::that was the stupidest thing i have ever heard in my entire life.....amare and melo got max contracts u cant trade both of them for dwight u got have like three other players wit dwight and also how is tyson chandler deron williams and dwight a big three..... dwight and chandler play the same f.uckin position lmao needa do a lil more research buddy boy
CheeseyPal::Wow, the Nugs would be the second seed, not 3rd or 4th. Here's what Wiki says about seeding:  The team that has the best record in each of the three divisions in each conference is declared division champion. The three champions, and another team in the conference with the best record, are seeded one through four by their records. This guarantees that the division champions will be no lower than fourth seed, and also ensures that a conference's two best teams (by record) are ranked as the top two.
flyingiron2463::No wilson, No J.R, no problem. if they come back to the already stacked nuggets the league is in trouble. and Melo you are what I thought you were.
peezyfreshbaby57::Poor Knicks! They were better before the Melo trade, I think now they realize that! Gallinari came to NY and torched them! Damn 18/20 from the Freetrow line! WOW! and he dropped a big fat 37 piece on the Knicks and they're fans! Ha!
Ogwilliams::lol.
xmanfolife::That Knick team has no leadership &amp; neither Stoudemire or Melo are leaders...that can't b taught...now Chauncey Billups is a leader &amp; the Knicks gave him away for nada......&amp; didn't replace him with a leader...brilliant basketball move Knicks bcuz that is what this team is lacking.  Now Stoudemire &amp; Melo r gonna get their points as usual &amp; still lose &amp; turn around &amp; say well.......I did my job but everyone else needs to step up...
mbatkiew::You guys are forgetting that the Nuggets were on their fourth game of a road-trip and the Knicks still couldn't put them away in double-OT. Oh, and the best player the Nuggets got from the Knicks (Wilson Chandler) is still stuck in China. Meanwhile, the Knicks are waiting for Baron Davis, haha. The Knicks are really in trouble.
CheeseyPal::and they still owe us a 1st round pick. LOL  melo = the gift that keeps on giving . . .
xmanfolife::Melo &amp; Stoudemire be careful what u wish for bcuz u just might get it n spades!!!!!
chathlete882221::Sorry NY fans, but anyone else think that they should adopt the rule that if the bottom playoff teams in the conference are below .500 (i.e. cavs and knicks now) and the other conference has teams that are above .500 but out of the top 8 (i.e. Rockets and TrailBlazers) then those teams should be allowed to replace the under .500 teams?
CheeseyPal::Won't happen because it would set up the possibility of an all Western Conference finals. Stern and his eastern buddies would all have strokes so they will never allow that to be a possibility.
Frank Roessler::Stern can suck it! He thinks the NBA is a 6 city leaugue.
Mitchell3570::lmao the Bulls and Heat would make sure that all Western conference finals wouldn't happen
mbatkiew::The Knicks aren't making the playoffs anyway.
chathlete882221::The top two teams in the West currently are .....  The Thunder and the Nuggets.  Loving it as a Denver fan
ShawnDU2009::Top 4 seeds are the 3 division winners plus the team with the best record that's not a division winner. If that team happens to have the second best record in the conference and not tied with another team, then they will be the number 2 seed. ESPN's standings have all tie-breakers and rules in place so they should be correct.
chathlete882221::I just thought that the division winners got top 3 no matter what then they went from there with best records
CheeseyPal::I think they changed it a few years ago because they kept getting the two teams with the best records meeting up in the conference semi-finals instead of the finals. Again, I'm not 100% sure.
chathlete882221::Sadly though the Nuggets are a 4 seed though if the playoffs were to start today
CheeseyPal::Wouldn't they be a 3 seed? I think if the best 2nd place division team has a better record than the 3rd best division winner, they get the 3rd seed. Anyone know for sure?
Nuggets_Fan_InVegas::Amen to that!! Go Nuggets!
Nuggets_Fan_InVegas::If you notice that everytime Melo misses a shot he looks right to the ref for a foul.  I could not stand it when he did that in Denver, and he seems to keep doing it in NY.  Whats up with that?
mbatkiew::If the Celtics win tonight, the Knicks won't even be in the playoff picture.
Mister.k.::The problem with Melo and Amare is simple: it's not their scoring, it's their defense. It stinks.
mbatkiew::Really? They're 17th in the league in points per game right now, the wheels are falling off. Nothing is working anymore.
blueline__123_x::Melo still wastes too much of the shot clock dribling around only to take and miss anothern mid range jump shot...no offensive flow at all
michaeldave_::I'm not a fan of either team but c'mon nuggets fans. Ny getting "hosed" by the trade? If NY won you'd all be thinking the exact opposite. yea melo had a bad game but I have msg network and melo has a lot of quality games
mbatkiew::Correction: If the Knicks won, it wouldn't have meant anything. The Nuggets still have the best player they got from the Melo deal stuck in China (Wilson Chandler). And the Nuggets were on their 4th straight road game. Meanwhile, the Knicks are waiting for ... Baron Davis hahaha. God, the Knicks are terrible.
blueline__123_x::how did both teams play down the stretch last year after the trade?  Denver was better, scored more and played better defense without melo....hard to argue that the nuggets didnt make out a lot better
Nuggets_Fan_InVegas::You wanted him...you got him.  We had the same issues in Denver with him, but never realized how bad it was until we got unselfish players for Melo and now our play shows it.  Go Nuggets!!
Travis Berger::Anthony wanted to go to knicks to get a better team. Looking so far like he had the better team. Maybe the teams not the problem. And what happened to the day when great players wanted to play against great players.
KyleFurtner::To be fair to Melo, being on he better team was not as much of an issue as  was playing near his home
9Rex549::My gawd...lst OT...time winding down, Melo takes a shot with 3 players on him, instead of passing to the open "men" for a possible uncontested game-winner. smh.....
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::GETTING THE TEAM INVOLVE BY DISHING FOR 12 ASSIST AND SCOREING 18 POINTS IS BETTER THAN ONE PLAYER SCORING 38 POINTS WITH NO ASSIST .....RUBIO ALLDAY KOBE NODAY
CheeseyPal::yes, you made that point. Don't you have a social studies report to finish for tomorrow?
nysportsrules::At least Melo is talking about getting his teamates more involved. Now I hope he sticks to it. Where was Amare lasy night?
jayeteee::It was good to finally get this match up out of the way. Now both fan bases can move on. At least until Melo has to go to Denver next year. LOL. That'll be classic.
CheeseyPal::I hope he gets a standing ovation. Ok, won't happen, but I hope he gets at least more cheers than boos. We need to show some class. He did take us from 20-62 to the playoffs each year.
jayeteee::Oh, I agree, but he did say he wanted out of Denver, and to each his own, but I think it's something you don't share w/ the media. The Denver fans will mostly cheer him, there's no doubt in my mind.
blueline__123_x::Each time i see Melo play, i'm more and more convinced the nuggets robbed the knicks
Nuggets_Fan_InVegas::Yes we did!!
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::isent passing getting an assist is like the point guard getting two points ...answer is YES so if rubio scores 18 points and passes for 10 assist dont that make him have 38 points once again answer is YES
mbatkiew::By the way, who are you arguing with? Nobody on here is defending Kobe.  However, the truth is that Rubio is a terrible shooter. If you watched the games, you would know this. I like Rubio too, and I hope he becomes the next Steve Nash with defense and becomes a great one-two punch with K.Love. But you need to stop with this, "he's already better than Kobe" nonsense.
CheeseyPal::Some people pick a position and become irrationally adamant about their stance. (didn't the DOTs - Disciples Of Tebow - teach us that?) When they crossover from fanatical to zealot, their is no reasoning with them.
blueline__123_x::and the answer is no, it makes rubio have 18 points in your example
mbatkiew::No, it's the same. Just because Rubio dishes the ball well doesn't mean that his team wouldn't have the same kind of field goals / field goal attempts that say Kobe would have if he went 10-35.
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::GETTING THE TEAM INVOLVE BY DISHING FOR 12 ASSIST AND SCOREING 18 POINTS IS BETTER THAN ONE PLAYER SCORING 38 POINTS WITH NO ASSIST .....
blueline__123_x::we get it, you think rubio is better than Kobe, we get it....  the only question i have is how many times a day do you rub one off to your Rubio phat head?
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::?
mbatkiew::Wow, thanks for explaining that to us. You should be a sports analyst. *sarcasm*   Oh, I can like my own comments as well.
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::AND BY THIS  IT EXPLAINS THAT RUBIO IS BETTER THAN BRYANT
dennorayj::Anyone know hollingers formula??
CheeseyPal::a<sup>2</sup> + b<sup>2</sup> = c<sup>2</sup>?
