Ernest Bagdasaryan::Im so excited and happy that for some reason i cant see Chad Wiggins comments. What horrible and idiotic things has he said so far lol ?
Wanda Roberts::Sacramento: D. Cousins 29 Pts, 14 Reb, 3 Ast, 1 Stl, 1 Blk WOW
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Interesting thing is, he has potential to get even better.
Terry Melvin::Ernest Bagdasaryan he will if the Kings can improve on a supporting cast.
Garrett Wonnacott::Sacramento Record: 9-20 Big Cuz can have all the 29 point nights he wants.  Until he plays like a real big man, on both ends, for every minute he is on the court, the Kings have no hope.
Keith Dennis::Kings up by 6.. Jimmer a minus 10.   Where you at Chad, Jimmer needs you!
Chad Wiggins::so the plus minus matters tonight... not his solid stat sheet... i cant say much up here these days as a kings fan got my facebook account banned for 12 hours.... would expect nothing less from which ever one of u three it was.... tattlers..... gotta love feeling young again
Keith Dennis::Chad Wiggins its your fav stat.  hahah
Michael Killebrew::This game never should have been close at home. GSG
Keith Dennis::If the Kings only played Jimmer 40 minutes they would have won tonight and be on their way to the NBA Finals.. right Chad?   Kings will get a great draft choice this year.. and Thompson and Fredette will be somewhere else.   Can not come soon enough.
Chad Wiggins::i have no clue what playing fredette would do.... in three years despite being drafted in the lottery, he cant get a break with this team.. for three years  they have done nothing but lose... and i mean LOSE.. yet a college player of the year/ scoring champ cant even have a shot in three wasted seasons to show whether he can cut it... i just dont get that... listen carefully... fredette may very well be a bust... problem is, i have no trust in this franchise whatsoever... i dont want to take their word for it.. there word is lacking big time... thru 30 games last year he was top 5 in the nba in points per min... averaging 13 min a game.... #5.... thats not bust material.. he has started 4 reg season games in which he has started... in those four he ave 16 ppg, and shot 60% from down town.... those arent bust numbers... despite these moments where he has shined in limited action, the kings seem relegated to putting him back on the pine.... HE MAY BE A BUST... BUT I NEED TO SEE IT... REAL MIN... NOT BOZO'S TELLING ME HE IS BECAUSE THEY ARE OBLIVIOUS TO HOW BAD THE KID HAS BEEN SCREWED... NOW TWIST THIS UP ALL U WANT TO KEITH.... SEE IF U CAN TURN THIS INTO ME CLAIMING HE IS BETTER THAN LEBRON, OR EVEN BETTER LETS MAKE THIS ABOUT MORMONS, U OLD CLASS ACT YOU
Keith Dennis::Chad Wiggins I like Mormons.. they are cool.  Have lots of them that are friends.   But they are not so stupid to wrap emotion around the axle of objectivity.
George Jimas::Chad Wiggins you act like he was a good player as a freshmen. it's easy to do well when you're a senior playing against kids three years younger than you or scrubs your age.
Chad Sanders::I know they're 9-19...but if you look at the Kings roster right now, it looks pretty intriguing. If McLemore/Derrick Williams/and Fredette can somewhat meet the expectations given and if Isaiah Thomas continues to break out...this team could be very entertaining. Let alone they already have Gay and Cousins...call me crazy but they have a lot of potential on that team.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Chad Sanders, I agree lol. We have alot of 1st round pick players who are all in their early 20's. Cousins 5th - Williams 2nd, Gay 8th, Mclemore 7th. Jimmer doesnt even count, since he will be gone by soon, plus his team option was declined by the new owners. ( i see a trade coming in jan or before feb deadline ) Im relieved to tell the truth. All this Jimmer fanatics and trolls can disappear from Kings comment sections.   I know right lol, Thomas ( 60th pick ) Is balling right now, playing like a top 10 draftee. I regret that we moved thomas robinson, and tyreke evans. I think we are going to end up in the 30 win column. Probably a 5-10th pick in next years draft. Unless we get super lucky, which doesnt happen alot for the kings LOL.
Chad Sanders::Ernest Bagdasaryan I'm rooting for the Kings to become respectable again and they're definitely headed in the right direction. But I didn't even think about how they got rid of Evans and Robinson...they would look even better had they not done that lol...Marcus Thornton isn't bad though. He's showed some promise in years past. Don't really know what he's doing this year though
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Chad Sanders Same here, i hope they improve by the end of the season. I dont like the fact that we let evans walk, we could have signed him for 10-11 mill. Robinson is going to be great when its all said and done. Another player we let go of on the maloofs watch. Thornton fell off this season.  Hopefully we can get 7th or 8th seed next season.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Cousins, Thomas, and Rudy all have 20 plus points, similar to miami game. Would be nice if they pulled away with a W this game.
Steve Babcock::It looks, statistically, the KINGS have a much stronger team. After beating the world Champion MIAMI HEAT this should be a walk in the Parker. So, San Antonio, get your act together, cous ins ain't going to be easy
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Steve babcock On paper this is a team for the future, unfortunately most brain dead people don't understand that the kings Are pretty much starting from scratch ever since our new owners. Another selection in the top 10 next year can push us closer to playoffs in 2014 season. I think by the 2015 season, we can be a dangerous team.
Blixa Ridgeback::much stronger? how exactly are they 'much stronger' than the spurs??
Derrick Alderete::Ernest Bagdasaryan I agree on the Kings being dangerous here in the near future, but don't add that starting from scratch because of new owner.  You all been starting from scratch and rebuilding since late 90's early 2000's when you all had Webber, Divac, Bibby, Peja, when they left you were rebuilding since
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Third Quarter is not even over yet, and Cousins all ready has a double double.
Keith Dennis::He usually has a double double by halftime
Jodi MacDonald::Anyone know why Jimmer has played half the first half?
Master Yodà::Malone drank too much today.  I have no idea.
Keith Dennis::They are trying to trade him and the only way to make that happen is to play him and pray he does something interesting.
Chad Wiggins::Keith Dennis http://nba.si.com/2013/10/31/jimmer-fredette-sacramento-kings-option/ . . thats funny... says here that 6 teams were interested over a month ago.... and that is coming from sports illustrated not the "dennis opinion line"
Daniel Valdez::Going to be a tough night for Sac, but we generally play our best against winning teams. If Demarcus and Gay have  decent showings, and IT has a good shooting night to make up for how badly Tony Parker is going to abuse him all game, we will be in a decent position to win.
Lelan Wells::Our 3 will each put up 20. The thing is they have to actually play defense
Master Yodà::Good luck Spurs fans. I just wish the Kings would play more consistent. That way I'd be more comfortable tonight but I just hope they don't let down after the big win over the Heat.
Alan Ogg::ahhhh spurs fans. ghost until they know for sure they are winning. such a sad fanbase. 77 comments? lmao.
Jason Sosebee::Interesting fact: San Antonio is 0-7 against teams with a 65% or better winning percentage. They are 23-0 against the rest.
Ayn Bland::First round exit.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::Ayn Bland nope, try again
Ayn Bland::Jerry Ryuzaki Word Your boys can't beat the good teams this season..  That's not good.
Master Yodà::Sorry to be late but good game Spurs fans. You guys pulled and gutted it out. Congrats and good luck.
Luke Skywàlker::;)
Matt Mossman::the Spurs are everything you want a franchise to be...I'm happy that the Kings hung with them for most of the game: great team for a young squad to learn from
Ayn Bland::If the Spurts win then they're better than the Heat, right?
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::if that makes you feel better
Blixa Ridgeback::spurs are rested and playing at home.... san antonio will win this one....
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Nothing is guaranteed Blixa, popovich might resort to resting his guys against a low seed team like the kings.
David Echard::I am not sure of the direction of the Kings. Gay is a good player, but there is a good chance he opts out this year and takes less to go to a playoff team. D. Williams is nothing more than a bench guy. No revelation there. IT is a good PG on a bad team. IF the Kings have a chance to trade for a taller PG, like Dragic or draft Marcus Smart, I don't think IT will start after this year. Despite his excellent play, IT is still 5 ft 9 and that will always be an issue. Case in point, Kings did not extend him before the deadline. Truly the only real stable position, is Cuz. Ben Mclemore is a question mark, especially after watching Michael Carter-Williams. I do not expect the Kings to best the Spurs on the Road. Spurs will grind the Kings down with their half court ball and make life tough for Cuz in the post. IT will get his points, but will not be able to contain the higher BBIQ of Parker either.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::David Echard I highly doubt he opts out of 19 mill guaranteed salary. Williams seems to be doing good on the kings, Thomas will only get better.  I think kings will go after a PF or SF in the draft. Yesterday Miami fans said that we would get blown out. That didnt happen !
David Echard::To take a 4-5 yr deal for 11-12 mil on a playoff team. Gay is smart, he's raising his value. He plays great the rest of the year, he will have quite a few suitors offering up a long term deal on playoff caliber teams. I think he will jet. In addition, the win  was nice. But beating a disabled Miami team without Wade, Allen, or Anderson comes with an asterisk. A win is a win and I am not trying to ruin the party, but lets be real. Those 3 play and the Kings get crushed like last week. The Kings won despite themselves, posting 22 turnovers.
Daniel Valdez::The only point I agree with you on is Isiah Thomas being a weakness. Rudy Gay IS NOT going to opt out of a 19 million dollar contract, and he is also certainly not getting a 60 mill over 5 years contract unless he steps up his play SIGNIFICANTLY. Also I don't see how you figure the spurs are going to be slowing down Demarcus in the post.
John Osaki Jr.::Ginobli is one of the "greatest" sixth man in NBA history! Big-time Ginobli fans, check out his awesome player description in Tim Duncan chapter in the 2013 book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Chad Wiggins::kings fans will be looking for someone to blame for that awful feeling that comes from being 9 and 19 so im out before my face book catches another ban for absolutely nothing.. ps if i get another ban, im making up 100 face book accounts and im getting some getback, on anybody i think it might have been..
Keith Dennis::Uhh my guess is you get banned because you are a delta bravo with freaky man crushes.   Fun to make light of how lame you are but feel free to go away.
Derrick Alderete::Spurs trade for Jefferson or Cousins or a any big center....have Tiago and ______ at center and move on roster Diaw to PF to back up Duncan.....some might not like it but it's my opinion....trade 3 players maybe a 2 and a pick....Baynes, Bonner, Joseph or DeColo
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Why would kings trade Cousins, when they just signed him to a 4 year deal. Plus i dont know if any team is willing to give a young center who is playing like an all star this year, unless the deal is really good.
Derrick Alderete::Ernest Bagdasaryan hey its a dream....but I really want Jefferson and I believe we passed on him last year due to people stepping up and only had that year left on contract.  Now that he has a stable contract cant see why we do not go after him or someone.
Daniel Valdez::Kings really should have held out that game. Mclemore was the the weak link tonight. Garbage offense and garbage defense on Ginobli down the stretch.
Keith Dennis::Mac has not been very good.   Hopefully playing will get him the experience he needs to improve, but yea.. he has not been good at all.
Derrick Alderete::Ok the 3rd quarter kicked our @ss again.....besides that Kings look pretty decent....still playing good after a game against Heat...
Master Yodà::I wasn't sure how'd they respond. Sometimes teams can get cocky after a big win and just roll over (even against a class team like the Spurs). I'm pleased but I hope they can close it out. It means a lot for us as fans for them to do well against a good team like yours.
Derrick Alderete::Master Yodà your team is hitting shots right now getting open and passing to the right people.  We need to step up the D and take less threes unless we are open, preferably corner shots.
Chad Wiggins::that freekin steak commercial with manu, tony, timmy, kwai, is absolutely HILARIOUS... honestly one of my fav ever... good stuff
Derrick Alderete::They have a couple of funny ones....I like the salsa ones
Keith Dennis::And your fav ever TV series is Big Love?
Chad Wiggins::Keith Dennis nice biggot... way to take it to religion... i love in North Carolina mo to the ron, keep trying to act like u have a handle on me tho big boy... its as simple as this... i find it mind boggling that a team who has dwelled in the cellar for three years, may want to try losing with a guy they drafted in the lottery over say marcus thorton... now go ahead keith, and put ur religious twist to make this about anything other than basketball all because it tears her little feelings up to hear about how bad ur kings are...
Debra King::Chad and Ernest the Spurs definitely have the advantage...the older the violin, the sweeter the music! Lol
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Their is no one here named chad here who made a comment, what are you talking about. I didnt say anything about their age. I said popovich likes to give his star players less mins against teams with losing record. Your quote has nothing to do with basketball lol.
Master Yodà::Ernest she's referring to Chad Sanders, the first guy who posted on this game.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Master Yodà Oh k, thanks. Weird i dont see it on my page.
