Matt Freaking Foley::&gt; $@%! espn
Matt Freaking Foley::maaaaaan
barcodedlife::.
whopped1::lowlife
JohnsonnnL::Did anyone else listen to the discussion Dan Gilbert had with the Cavs announcers had during the game. It was great insight into how they are trying to build the team.
kory311::Not that anyone is missing him but, Walton is still out with a person matter?! What, are the surviving members of the Grateful Dead in town or something?
elcherino::33 points on 15 shots?  That ain't even possible.  - Kobe Bryant
elcherino::From Mark Price to Kyrie Irving...on the long line of great Cavalier PGs :D
whopped1::irvings better
Steel_Smack::5 free throws in an NBA game?  Stop shooting jumpers?
Baby J.Cole::http://xat.com/ESPNPeople
boss99347::33 points on 15 shots is simply amazing
YogaBeer::I hear the Grizz MAY have Rudy Gay on the trading block.      Cavaliers do not have any players to trade with of any value other than Luke Walton for cap space  and MAYBE an injured player and draft picks.  However, is there a NBA rule where you can't trade and injured player?
CKJPVBC::His contract isn't expiring for another 2 seasons. But I don't see why Grizzlies would need an injured big man when they have Gasol and Randolph.
YogaBeer::Just figured since they seem to be collecting them we could add to their collection.
ricky2213::isnt $@%!$@ expiring after this yr as well?
KingUGA::Larry Drew is a bad coach.
mcase2012::KJ is gonna be a solid player. he was a beast at WVU
quickbr0wnf0x::It was nice to see the Cavs finish a game well.  Though the Hawks did tie the game after halftime, the Cavs immediately re-extended the lead and kept adding to it.  They need to continue to develop that "killer instinct".  Right now, opponents believe they can overcome a Cavs lead because Cleveland has blown several substantial leads.   They need to change that rep.
ohiokris::its too bad in 5 years Kyrie will take his talents else where,  Mgmt won't put anyone around him.
CKJPVBC::in 5 years Kyrie will be in the middle of his maximum contract with the Cavs. If you had said 6~7 years, maybe.
ricky2213::oh look another original post about a cleveland player leaving
YogaBeer::We'll see.   lol    5 years is a long time in NBA life.
quickbr0wnf0x::???
YogaBeer::2nd team Cavaliers.  1.   If Livingston can put up this kind of game every night, we'll see more wins. 2.   Jones, while not a stat stuffer, did all the things you'd like to see from a backup big tonight to help win the game. 3.   I realize Casspi was out a bunch b/c of that nasty bought of flu he got over the holidays, but where is Walton?   He wasn't even mentioned on the roster tonight.   Not that anyone is going to even report him to the police for missing, but he's the only veteran on the team.   AND he wasn't his normal awful self in some of the games he played in Omri's place. 4.  Pargo... looked great at first, some games he's looked bad since, but tonight was okay.   don't know what to think of him other than if the Cavs have a good draft and/or picks up a rotation PG, he gone. 5.  Something tells me, even though we Cav fans miss Andy, I'm liking the idea of seeing Zeller HAVE to play/start and getting lots of minutes instead of a few off the bench per.   Always good if you can, to put a rookie in crunch time in the 4th as it's been for Waiter's growth as well.
quickbr0wnf0x::Luke Walton has been reportedly out for a "personal matter".
YogaBeer::Thanks.   I wonder if it was too much prune juice.
Asif11111::Kyrie is soooo dope
DukieBruce58::I'm biased but Kyrie is a beast!! 33 points in 33 minutes. 11-15 from the floor and 5-6 from 3?! Sick.
aematt17::Kyrie is one of the best PG's in the league, and the best player in his age group. I hope the Cavs can build a team around him to keep him in Cleveland. He has definitely lived up to expectations and has become the face of the team.
quickbr0wnf0x::Have to admit, Atlanta's Teague is not a shabby PG either.
FormingPanda::Livingston is a BEAST!!
whopped1::terrible
YogaBeer::Good length as a PG.  I mean that's a huge arm span for a PG!   Good Lord.   I love his hustle and hope Scott gets it through his skull to go ahead and shoot the ball instead of worrying about a team mates feelings.   If his health can hold up this time around, he should be an excellent Grant pick-up.
rockndoc2::Just got back from the Q.  Finally a good all around game from  the Cavs.  While its tough watching all the losing, its great to see the team progress, even though its baby steps. The Cavs will get better.   They need:  1:  TT to keep doing what he is doing.  His confidence and overall game is growing 2:  Tyler Zeller?   Hit the weight room, bro.  Add 15lbs of muscle and you could be a force in this league. 3:  Neon Dion?   Dude...........Watch some old Cavs tape.  See Delonte West drive........see Delonte pull up and make 8-10 foot jump shot routinely. 4:  Zo?   See #3
YogaBeer::I haven't been to a game since LeBron left.     That's b/c I've had too many old man and disability issues.    I did get a new WC this year, but now I need the van to get me there.    Wishing I was there cheering with you my friend.   (use to be KingGeorge53)
TheBrownestBob::Tristan and Zeller combining for 20+ rebounds makes me drool almost as much as Kyrie's shooting numbers.
YogaBeer::Hoping Little Z listens to Big Z and improves like Double T.  I should be a rap artist.   The first white old guy raper.
YogaBeer::phew.   hahahaha
HunterF4444::Believe me...you wouldn't be the first white old guy raper...lmao
RNYC::WTF?!?!
Spoofen::Sigh... seems like dion is not all he's cracked up to be.
CKJPVBC::Not even halfway through his rookie season.
quickbr0wnf0x::He's a rookie.   Give him some time before making a final judgement.
Spoofen::Fine fine, I will give it more time.
TheBrownestBob::Dion's shot selection is about the only thing wrong with the Kid's game.  He's the best man-to-man defender on the team, top 5 in steals for SGs in the conference, and he's a playmaker for his teammates.  The only area he's been struggling is his shot selection.  He was taking some bad shots early in the year and making them so he probably though that would continue to work.
YogaBeer::You can see him thinking.    When he starts to "play" the game as Tristan has starting to do instead of going through all the things all the coaches and players have told them since getting into the league, we should see an explosive SG.   Good notes Brownestbob.   I didn't know the steal stat.   ImPressIVe!
YogaBeer::Also, Kyrie has spoiled the fans.    Think all you need to do is get a high pick and they'll all be just like Kyrie.    Waiters has had some games where he's been incredible and then goes into a funk.    Which is probably why they call them rookies.  Look at Anthony Davis tonight.    A casual on looker would say he was a bust as he crashed and burned tonight.   In reality, he's easiest the only player in this past draft you could say has the potential be a super star.
thomez::He will come along. Still learning his way in this league. And getting absolutely no love from the stripes.
bdmince@gmail.com::How do you get blown out by a team who has won 8 games?
YogaBeer::9
YogaBeer::That's a big difference if you're in the lottery hunt for best possible pick.
YogaBeer::Tough back end game of a B2B for the Hawks.  Good game Cavaliers.     Important to this extremely young team to beat a PO team like the Hawks.  Zeller and Tristan Thompson (with another double/double -  the "he's a bust" people keep disappearing slowly, but surely) and I'm beginning to think with Livingston length and IF he can stay healthy, he'll be a much better 2nd team player than Bo.obie even though Bo.obie is one of the two remaining Cavaliers from the 07 team.     The little Bo.obie can still shoot it, but isn't as tall.    Going to be a tough decision going forward b/c IMO Bo.obie is the toughest, lb. for lb. defender in the league.    Just too bad there's not alot of guys his size he can defend.
calgerio::The Hawks are sooooo overated!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
jaykeia::Overrated?As a Hawks fan that makes no sense because no one think they are good!SMH
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Hawks wasn't  picked to win it all this year. Lakers are the most overrated team in the NBA. They were built for a win it all now but as of right now they aren't even in the playoffs. That's the real overrated. Hawks have over achieved.
NYKWitness::I'm loving the hawks getting exposed.
outlawjoseywhales1981::The evidence is picking up.  Let's face it... Even when this team was winning, most of the time they were barely winning. Even against the worst teams in the league they were often only winning by 3-7 points.  The Hawks have had very few complete performances.
outlawjoseywhales1981::They're not in a slump. They just suck.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::great assumption. LOL
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Exposed? LOL......for a team that traded Joe Johnson away and the supposedly great Marvin Bust Williams and everybody in pre-season said was a non-playoff team. Let's be serious, this team has over achieved in the early season and now they've hit a tough slump. If you call that getting exposed then more power to ya.  If your a Knick fan then I think you should notice that they are not exactly lighting it up anymore like earlier.
IAMpunter0926::hawk &amp; spit PING
Undisputed Heavyweight World Champion::Damn great game from Uncle Drew
YogaBeer::True, but  Tristan and the new Big Z were "big" tonight.
HunterF4444::33 points on 15 shots in 33 minutes...just ridiculous
Underground.King::im tryna tell ya
Undisputed Heavyweight World Champion::He's a real baller. He gets buckets.
outlawjoseywhales1981::-No fans -No Titles or finals since being in Atlanta -No superstar -No good players -No division title since 1994 -Traded away the best player in their history for a bum like Danny Manning -They drafted Marvin Williams over Chris Paul -They've never had the number 1 pick -The WNBA team has better attendance  The Hawks deserve no respect at all.
outlawjoseywhales1981::-They also made the playoff promise back years ago -Jon Kontract -Ken Norman -Alan Henderson -Traded Pau Gasol for Shareef -Drafted Shelden Williams -Drafted Josh Childress -Big Balla Ed Gray -Rumeal Robinson -Traded Sheed to Detroit. Making them a championship team. -Trading Deke to Philly. Putting them into the finals while the hawks got nothing
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::I was being sarcastic , heck 80% of the rest of the NBA  you can bring up the same thing.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::that's all you can come up with. :-)
2LikeABoss6::Nice one CAVS!
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Hulk is a beast!
timothy smith18::ATLANTA SUCKS &amp; DREW I HOPE THE TEAM FIRES YOU BEFORE SEASON ENDS!
outlawjoseywhales1981::lol. The Hawks are the worst franchise in Pro Sports.
jaykeia::What have the Cavs done lately?
Underground.King::we're on the right track with nice young promising talent since lebron left only a couple years ago.. thats what we done. and lebron prolly coming back. sucks for you.
Undisputed Heavyweight World Champion::Not the Pittsburg Pirates who have suffered something like 20 straight losing seasons?
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Don't even respond, this joke only shows up during Hawks losing streaks. Any intelligible speak is non-existant.
yata-9arasu::Good game Atlanta and good luck this year!  GO CAVS!!!
yata-9arasu::I was wrong.  I think it was HunterF444 that brought it up a couple months ago.  Lol.  They changed the ruling on the Cavs future pick:  Top 14 and it goes to the Suns.  15-30 we get the pick.  It used to have no specification on the protected status.   Lakers (Cavaliers have option to swap least favorable of Cavaliers 2013 first round pick, Heat 2013 first round pick (protected top 10), and Kings 2013 first round pick (protected top 13) with Lakers 2013 first round pick (protected top 14)
YogaBeer::I don't think the Cavs even have the Lakers pick no matter what happens in the lottery due to the Laker trade that voids it.     Is that correct?    Every mock draft says the Cavs don't have it anymore.
YogaBeer::I've seen so many variations of this, I bet there's going to have to be a ruling as there is going to be teams disputing it.  Cavs were suppose to have the protected Laker pick, but somehow and I don't know how, but they lost it to the Grizz during all those various 3 and 4 team trades in the summer.  Here's a fairly reputable site.   Look at the examples.   I think a person needs a law degree to understand all the movements that have transpired with that one pick.  http://nbadraft.net/2013mock_draft
ricky2213::i told you it was protected
yata-9arasu::My apologizes.  :)
orange_63::whats going on here? is the scoreboard broke?
bjay036::Screw the Hawks as a Staff, Record Label, and as a MF'in Group!!  - 2pac
drarachnid::What a dumb lineup. Zaza at C, Horford at 4 and Jsmoove at 3?!!!
ctown8686::Good win Cavs, that was refreshing.. GG Hawks fans
Bama_Fan_ RTR::Atlanta sucks. They will not make the playoffs this year. As a matter of fact, the only reason why they even have a winning record is because of their crappy schedule.
jaykeia::Why make the playoffs if you know you wont win it all?Might as well not go and get a chance at a high draft pick
surfacetogokumissile::i'd say "because they play in the east" rather than "because of their crappy schedule"  but then i'm being redundant
dave1863::F ing Atlanta cost me money!!
dave1863::My bad.... But, to the Cavs?!!!
IAMpunter0926::YUP THEY'LL DO THAT
i know more than you junior::Actually you did for picking them.
Underground.King::lol
carrollofbrandon::Get those fans a friggin' burrito! C'mon!
i know more than you junior::What the hell was that Casspi?
GeeforThree::are we trying to get last again?
Indians1028::The future is bright for the Cavs
X queen::How much is Irving averaging the last 2 weeks, 30+?
Indians1028::Just about
ctown8686::Livingston has been a good pickup
bdmince@gmail.com::How do you get blown out by a team with 8 wins?
RG3 Is A Monster 1966::I have bet with a system called Sportsbettingstar.  Since I started I make roughly $3,000 a month in profit by following this systems picks.  You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.  Posting this for anyone out there that's tired of not winning their bets.
