Reddog7786::Jesus.....play B-Rob 30-35 minutes a nite....it will give Hornets best chance to win !
ogacct::Whats with this "NBA-best". Memphis is a half game back of OKC and SA. Percentage only matters if the same number of games have been played.
pammielyn@cox.net::1
bgibbs813::go griz
iwipeurbutt::This recap article has about 4 typos...where's the editing?
nba is the worst::Nice workmanlike win for the Grizz.  How long is Davis going to sit?
RZA_CONSOLE::its time for rudy gay to be an all star
Drunkard.::At least Rivers is starting to play a little better.
Drunkard.::Memphis is the best team in the league right now.
JBRITT111::Clipps are the matchup issue for the GRIZZ..... but that won't matter if you keep losing!
diego3494::clippers&gt;memphis nuff said
Grindhouse2413::14-3. Dam right. I didnt think it was going to be this close. Good game NO. Proud of you Memphis. Next up, the Hawks!
slapshotcity123::How the hell did Jason Smith have 5 blocks? LOL
italiankidad69::why didn't Aminu play at all today?
Open-minded Husker::Agreed ...not to mention how poorly others on the team (including his replacement) have been playing.  It's not like better options are on that bench.  This is exactly why I'm wondering if it was disciplinary (a team rule, dispute with the coach ...something like that).
italiankidad69::he was actually playing decent. He isn't known for his scoring so throw that out, and he's been posting decent all around numbers, coming of a 10 rebound game vs LA... strange though
Open-minded Husker::Exactly what I'm trying to figure out.  It's beyond odd that he'd go from starting and playing over 30 per game to not playing at all.  With no word of any injury, I'm wondering if he broke a team rule or something.
TheJTram::Im still wondering why Conley isn't an All-Defensive Team yet,,,,one appearance at least? Man is a pest on D. With Tony Allen healthy, that makes up one of the best (if not the best) defensive backcourt
emthomasjr::Good win.  The Grizzlies have a history of figuring out how to lose these types of games in the past.  When is Anthony Davis going to be back active?
tarheel11104::Why is Austin Rivers such a crappy free-throw shooter? It's ridiculous...
Ireland297::Anouther day anouther pelicans loss......At least were better than the last years bobcats
JEMax12::Shouldn't this at least be on the front page of the NBA page?  I mean...the Grizz DO have the best winning percentage...
Grindhouse2413::HAHAHA Pau's underwear.....
emthomasjr::We have no superstars.  Kobe's comments about Pau's underwear are more important for front page material than the Grizzlies W/L record.
---teethmold---::Good game Pelicans!!
cawsnallthis::We pulled it out, all right. And grizzed all over them! :)
machinegunkelley80::My son got watch his first grizzles game today. way to pull out  a tough game
cawsnallthis::Swalow you some of that Grizz!!
cawsnallthis::Swallow
grizz0957::Go Grizz .....
Naminus_James788825::Get your draft on: http://tinyurl.com/nba-free-entry5
cawsnallthis::Grizzed in your face!
dwighthowardsamazing::I know this is wishful thinking but imagine Cody zeller Anthony Davis robin Lopez and Ryan Anderson in the frontcourt
dwighthowardsamazing::I did I was just about to edit
Lordkrimson::Wait, I think you meant front court. LOL ! I was being a smarty pants.
dwighthowardsamazing::Vasquez or maybe if we get someone else in a Gordon trade
Lordkrimson::Soooo who is running the point?
HaroldBatesJr::It's the changing of the guard the Memphis grizzlies will make people forget about the Memphis Tigers.
JBRITT111::$@% that AMATEUR ball.... If Memphis is SMART they will support the Grizz!
AKsparky907::Grizz get my vote. It's nice keeping a core group of players together for more than a year or two. Not to mention the quality of players and coach are so much better. After watching the grizz, the tigers just look sloppy and unorganized. Having said that, I will always be a tiger fan.
Grindhouse2413::I went to U of M. I like the Tigers. I LOVE the Grizzlies.
HaroldBatesJr::I am from Memphis the tigers are all we know that's about to change because the grizzlies are 4real they are in a better Situation to win a championship.
Condolous6824::we will never forget our tigers
emthomasjr::I dunno...
mandabrittdub::Not if you are from Memphis!
roy2daboy::Double header tomorrow for the M-Town.  Tigers at noon and the Grizz at 7pm.  Here's to both Memphis teams getting the W on tomorrow.
rc021363::Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!  AND  Go Tigers Go!!!!  Hoping for two great wins tomorrow!
rc021363::The Grizzlies are learning not to take any game lightly, and that comes from maturity and being together and learning to trust each other and obtaining a great bench.  Go Grizzlies!!!
pedrobear1::and getting rid of OJ
emthomasjr::I have to agree that this appears to be the case.  I never really disliked OJ, but the whole Bourre' incident I think brought out an undercurrent that was dragging the chemistry of the team down.  I'm glad he's doing OK in Dallas, but they suck and I hope he matures from his time there, understanding what it really takes to win, which is what he had while he was in Memphis.
pedrobear1::wasn't a trade but no one in the locker room liked OJ
rc021363::OJ is doing well in Dallas, so it was a win-win, which makes it a great trade.
pedrobear1::Q shot a 100% tonight  awesome
emthomasjr::He was in "y'all shouldn't have traded me" mode. LOL.
slapshotcity123::and Vasquez wasn't lol
JamesGetDownBrown::The next Shane
Lugene Parker::He said in the off season that was his goal. to be like our Shane!
milliej87::Way to go memphis!!!!!
minifarmgirl12::2 fer 2 bets , raps last 1, gg grizz
Bmore.All.Day52::Shut up you punk you got lucky
minifarmgirl12::tissue lewis
HaroldBatesJr::People better take my Memphis Grizzlies seriously This is not the same grizzlies team like years past they are aiming for championship this year. Go Grizz!!!!!
Bmore.All.Day52::Wow how many people did the grizzles just fuc* up by letting the hornets dribble down an score that last basket. $@%! I hate I when these players in the nba don't play till the last second
roy2daboy::These betting trolls are a trip.  Be a REAL man and get a job!!!!!!
FSoccer::Good God Lopez was horrible tonight
Lugene Parker::Can you imagine if everybody on our team stepped up at the same time.... OMG!
pedrobear1::always one person
Lugene Parker::I know. I would love to see all five of our starters step up at the same time.
rc021363::Good game, Hornet fans.  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!
mojart::i will bet on the pacman-marquez fight
d-nyce-::for who?
mojart::for pacman of course.....
Is baseball actually a sport::I won £300 because im not blinkered!!. Cant wait to do the same tomorrow. GOD bless your easy to read sports!!. BTW Grizzlies are dog s hit
rc021363::Your English "ARE dog s hit!!"  Who speaks like that except some foreigner who doesn't know their English.  LOL
roy2daboy::Your mama is dog sh..it trick!!!
JamesGetDownBrown::Soccer can learn something from the NBA. Like adding a fine for ever flop in your sport
Benjamayne::BTW they have the best record in the nba and will beat your team
sasha_lu::He doesn't have a team.  He hates basketball, remember?
roy2daboy::Guess what y'all.  Grizz won tonight and the Celtics didn't.  That dou..che bag Boston fan can go eat it!!!!!!!!
pedrobear1::sixers missed 33 of their last 39 shots and still won in OT
sasha_lu::Oh, and to you trolls...  STOP BETTING.
Joa Konstrictor::Vaccines are good for you
GoBlueRaidersGo25::All I do is win, win, win no matter what Got money on mind, I can never get enough And every time I step up in the building Everybody hands go up And they stay there, and they say "yeah," and they stay there Up, down, up, down, up, down 'Cause all I do is win, win, win And if you goin' in, put your hands in the air, make 'em stay there
d-nyce-::rivers is such a stat stuffer.  that last basket just made my bet a void.
GoBlueRaidersGo25::All I do is win, win, win no matter what Got money on mind, I can never get enough And every time I step up in the building Everybody hands go up And they stay there, and they say "yeah," and they stay there Up, down, up, down, up, down 'Cause all I do is win, win, win And if you goin' in, put your hands in the air, make 'em stay there
FSoccer::The good news is Davis and Gordon should both be back soon
sasha_lu::Good fight, Pelicans.  Go Grizz!  Who will it be tomorrow night? Marc's night?  Maybe Mike?  I love having so many guys that can step up!
Lugene Parker::#WEDONTBLUFFCITY
Grindhouse2413::I keep thinking your Avatar is a picture of ZBo
Everyday im Shufflin 290::GG Hornets
