Choose your member name::Celtics window has closed. Sad to say but its time to blow up the team.   Rose will make this Bulls team even more dangerous when he comes back.
Ballinoutallday3772::big cash prizes....fantasy players get a line up right this second....takes 1 minutes.... http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
smurf12601::http://sportsmonarchy.blogspot.com/
tfec2233::As a Bulls fan, I really don't feel bad about this situation. From reports in Chicago, the Bulls were absolutely miffed that Howard didn't want to compete for championship by vetoing the trade with chicago centered around Noah, Deng, and likely two #1 picks. Looks like Howard's lack of motivation was the best thing that happened to Chicago because Noah is playing out of his mind without Rose in the lineup. Only way I'll take Howard in Chi now is for a few picks--he's Orlando's problem now
stew561::Rose is a great talent no doubt about that, however his teamates seem to play much more aggressive when he is not in the lineup. The ball movement is much better. It's just mental.
Bede Bears::No doubt the Bulls are WAY better with Rose, but Noah is playing very well right now, except for a dud here and there.
stew561::Actually the Bulls are more balance and agressive without Rose. When Rose is in the lineup the offense goes through him and everyone becomes stagnate.
ttecza::With the situation in Orlando, I am glad nothing materialized with Howard and the Bulls. First of all the asking price was way too high. And the maturity level of the man is in question now.
GetOffMeDude::The Celts got Dengued.
SmokeTrees773::LT DENG
ronbo 236::The reason we need Rose back now is because when he has the ball and drives in the lane everybody is right on him and it leaves almost everybody open for a shot, their is no one getting double teamed right now so the assists have been down a bit...hurry back Rose!!
SmokeTrees773::ROSE NUMBERS WENT DOWN CUZ THIS YEAR HES NOT CARRYING THE TEAM AS MUCH..BUT HE CARRIES THE TEAM WHEN HE KNOWS HE HAS TO..AND HES ASSIST ARE UP AND TURNOVERS ARE DOWN...PLEASE TELL ME HOW ROSE WASNT MVP LAST YEAR
Heritage Champion::He drives, draws double &amp; triple teams then shoots the ball...
ronbo 236::That's why he was averaging 7 assists a game and the Bulls were #1 in assists when he is playing!!
KINGCAMBORAMBO::When Derrick Rose comes back, he will be all rust and dust.
GetOffMeDude::There is something we call team practice. Ever heard of it?
ronbo 236::Ya like he's gonna forget how to play basketball lol..he's still practicing with the team right now so your rust and dust idea is a fail!!
Heritage Champion::He'll try to shoot his way back into shape. And team chemistry will suffer from it.
tfec2233::You can only hope, scared much?
SmokeTrees773::YEAH OK BUDDY...
KINGCAMBORAMBO::Rajon Rondo should lead the vote in NBA MVP candidates because  he has the most triple doubles in the NBA  this season. In addition, Rajon Rondo has the most triple doubles in the NBA since the 2009-2010 seasons.
ht1424drose1::Just	because he gets triple doubles doesn't mean he should be mvp and those  t d aren't leading his team to the best in the east
Heritage Champion::They got the Celts a championship...
SmokeTrees773::STATS DONT EQUAL MVPS..
SmokeTrees773::HOW BY CARRYING YOUR TEAM TO THE BEST RECORD IN THE NBA WITH BOOZER AND NOAH HALF THE SEASON OUT...THIS WAS THE STARTING 5 HALF THE SEASON ROSE BOGANS DENG GIBSON AND KURT THOMAS....MOST COACHES AND PLAYERS ALL THOUGHT ROSE SHOULD BE MVP LOOK IT UP MORON
cubsbearshawks1221::yes he did.
Heritage Champion::Rose didn't deserve that MVP award.
SmokeTrees773::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRN5cy2gcEU  JUST WANNA REMIND YOU CELTIC FANS WHAT ROSE CAN DO TO YOUR TEAM
Road dog Red::and another thing:  (among many others)  WTH is going on with KG making 5 of 15 OPEN uncontested shots..   I swear...if Bulls fans weren't so dumb, uneducated and short on brain cells...KG would be my bullseye of the nite...but KG looks like a MIT genius in comparison.  The Tics played the worst 2nd half i can remember the whole season...they were nauseating lazy, and maddeningly unconcerned. The result... the Bulls eke out a tough win...But in retrospect..in hindsight...THAT does not make them a great team...especially when they had a nights rest factored in. Judging from what i saw last nite..the Bulls should NOT want to play the Tics in the playoffs...as much as the Celts should want to play them
Playing2wintheGame::Road dog Red is an idiot. Smokin blunts and calling Boston the "Tics".  Way to abbreviate the history of your historical team, dumbass!
animalhouse84::you're pretty slow road dog...they played the worst 2nd half you can remember because the bulls made them play the worst 2nd half you could remember.
cubsbearshawks1221::....you're happy about barely losing to a bulls team <i>without rose</i>? wow, setting your sights high, there.
ronbo 236::They will have Rose back so no worries here!
SmokeTrees773::Dengs been more clutch then Lebum just sayin...
Heritage Champion::Yeah, he's a much better facilitator than Rose. So is Noah.
SmokeTrees773::8 ASSIST PER GAME ENOUGH SAID
FridayNightBall776::check this out if you havent yet...  http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
adkhanz::No need to Vent Doc....the Bulls r the better team.  Just a fact.
Choose your member name::Can't wait for DRose to come back. Bulls will be that much dangerous come playoff time.
stthorpe::Who can set the court on fire....
ronbo 236::That is dumb to say unless your not a Bulls fan!!
funkingonut::it's called a charge
ronbo 236::The other day someone said Russell Westbrook was as fast as Rose coming up the court on a fast break..what a fool this guy is, Rose is so fast the refs can't even see him get fouled by everybody!!
23sportsplex::i like drose less and less every game he sits.
ronbo 236::I said reigning MVP from last year..no one has token that from him yet even though KD will take it after this season since Rose hasn't played much this year..By the way the Bulls had a better winning % this year when Rose is playing than when he's not so ya they need him!!
funkingonut::you wouldn't say that if they were losing . . . clearly not the most valuable player
IL_Dottore_46::Nope. Give that to LeChoke.  We want the NBA trophy, not the MVP award that Heat fans are so obsessed with, since they know they'll never get a ring with The Cooler in their starting lineup.
ronbo 236::I'm glad he's sitting and resting his groin injury, we need him 100% for the play-off run..I respect our reigning MVP!!
23sportsplex::I still think he is amazing...but this many games...?
Heritage Champion::Great TEAM basketball played by the Bulls last night. Way for Deng to step up and facilitate for his teammates in the clutch while providing a scoring punch.
ronbo 236::That past few games Deng is back to All Star status like the first half of the season scoring over 20 points a game and adding some assists, rebounds , and steals with great defense as well...He is doing this with something broken on his hand so respect to you Luol Deng!!!
dabears10540::goaway:)
Gex.2::heritage = EPIC troll fail
Heritage Champion::When Nash, CP3 or Rondo sits out... their TEAM continuity suffers. When Rose sits out, the Bulls band together in a collective TEAM EFFORT after finally being relieved of Rose's selfish and oppressive point guard play... Everyone touches the rock because there is no ball stopper present to monopolize offensive possessions... especially in the 4th quarter.
dabears10540::yea, most ppl from boston don't know crap about sports... Just s brady's d and call it a day
DaRealDaBuu::I like Boston fans, most know all their sports and can talk the talk, You're just making yourself look dumb.
ronbo 236::If your not a Bulls fan you don't know what your talking about when it comes to anything about them!!
PackerPowerPunch::Lol, god you are dumb. They are were first in assists before he went out, and have dropped since.
Gex.2::<b>1st in the league in assists with rose (8apg) 4th without  and we're the best 4th quarter team in the league thanks to rose</b>
dabears10540::good game boston, you almost looked like you deserved to be on the same court as the roseless bulls :)
SmokeTrees773::the celtic fans talking smack yesterday are no where to be found
Gex.2::they let a win over the heat get to their head, bulls had to bring them down to earth
Road dog Red::The Tics needed a slap upside da head and the DRose less Bulls gave it to them...., but i doubt this will inspire them...they are comfortable now..and they don't care...can't wait till next week when Miami breaks a foot off in their lazy buttocks.. \nuff said
Truth567::Too funny, but your team can't win them all.  Gotta let it go.
Road dog Red::Y'know...its just MADDENING watching the Tics....MADDENING...they PLAY when they want to... \Bulls wanted the game...came out in the 2nd half going for it... and the Tics didn't want to play hard for it...then pouted and sulked cuz the Bulls did...a bunch of weenie whiners with Paula Pierce the banner carrier
dabears10540::the bulls did what they normally do, domintae old $@% teams in the 2nd half.  celts kinda dissapointed last night, rondo still can't shoot for $@%!. wear out miami for us will ya?
lovesports3409::The Bulls didn't want to lose 3 in a row.
Road dog Red::Yeah they didn't. want to lose... they came out in the 2nd half... applied defensive pressure in the backcourt saying 'what do we have to lose by not doing it'  the Celtics reacted like a vampire who sees a mirror..they behaved as if they had NEVER seen a team pick up defensively from the backcourt on...their eyes got wide, palms sweaty, legs paralyzed...they looked at the Refs and asked...'can they do that"'..then they just gave up...stick a fork in em...they were done
Truth567::Great game by the Bulls.  Best team play I've seen since Rose went out.  They just can't seem to get much offensive movement without Rose's skill.  Past few weeks CJ or JL3 holds until 7 left on the shot clock, then try to force something.  Ball movement is much better when Rose is in and has been lacking the last few weeks, but they did much better in the second half last night.
Nanrad_91::I would rather CJ waste the clock than JL3; you're more likely to get a pass out of the former than the latter. JL3 waits to pass when it becomes impossible to pass i.e double team. And he doesn't handle the ball very well either. When he dribbles for too long, he is more likely to turn it over if someone is defending him.
Danny74068::Go Bulls
Gex.2::so here's how you know hollinger's rankings are stupid:  bulls yesterday were 2nd behind miami (by like 0.07 points).  we beat boston, a 30-24 team by 7, and we go DOWN 0.4 points to push us back to 4th.  I mean what part of that makes any sense at all?
lovesports3409::That's why I give him no credibilty. None. Even when we're #1.
_mongo__slade_::Hollinger's ratings are stupid, but beating Boston isn't a great accomplishment anymore.
Gex.2::true enough, but the reason i mentioned boston's record is because it's factored into hollinger's "equation", not because i think it's an accomplishment.
Heritage Champion::I saw a lot of ball movement and assists last night in the 4th quarter where Rose would have opted to shoot floaters over three defenders. For the Bulls sake, I hope Rose doesn't come back with his selfishness and bust up ball movement and the TEAM nucleus... That would be a shame. Great TEAM win by the BULLS last night!
dabears10540::@ heritage. you should sshhhhhhh a lot more
Heritage Champion::He doesn't rack up any of those assists in the 4th qtr... With the supporting cast that he has at his disposal, he should be averaging no less than 12asts. Rose would rather miss ten more shots than make 5 more assists. That's why the supporting cast is rarely ready to "help him out" in the 4th qtr. But they seem locked &amp; loaded to compete without him.He takes it upon himself to GUN over triple and double teams. Rose is selfish.
Gex.2::no less than 12 assists?  so you are basically saying he is a better passer than steve nash, since that is what he <i>should</i> be averaging.  or maybe, you're a troll... and the fact that the bulls are the BEST PASSING TEAM IN THE LEAGUE <b>WITH DERRICK ROSE</b> is just not something you're willing to admit.
Truth567::Bro, put down the hateraid and go do something productive.  The Bulls are #1 in the league, and DRose is a world-wide stud.  Not saying they are going to take the championship because there are other great teams/players and anything can happen (Dallas), but basketball fans see right through your contrived statements trying to knock Rose down.    One last comment: if DRose had better shooters on his team, he would easily average more assists per game.  He sets up his players, they don't knock the shots down.
Heritage Champion::Defense lead to offensive fast break points. In half court, Rose doesn't allow the ball to move or his TEAMMATES to touch the ball. I've enjoyed watching the Bulls while Rose has been out.
Truth567::You (Heritage) clearly don't watch much Bulls basketball.
Gex.2::SORRY WHAT PART OF BEING FIRST IN THE LEAGUE IN ASSISTS WITH ROSE (8 APG) DO YOU NOT UNDERSTAND?
Gex.2::<b>HURR DURR we were 1st in THE LEAGUE in assists before rose went out, idiot</b>
Road dog Red::the Celtics....Just STUPID and LAZY play all through the 2nd half...forget about a 1st round exit...just play every game like ya did last night and get an early start on summer vacation...save us all the conundrum of whether yer going to show up of...or as in last night,... NOT
Truth567::They are a good enough team to make noise in the playoffs.  They just have to click at the right time.  They usually do.
_mongo__slade_::Celts won a few games against bad teams after the break &amp; everybody jumped back on the bandwagon. Now the schedule gets tough in April...they're 1-2 so far. That ain't an earthquake you're feeling...it's fickle Celts fans jumping back off the bandwagon.
Road dog Red::So Bass goes down in the backcourt...keeled over neighing like an injured horse..Watson is joggng the ball upcourt with Bradley on him...FOUL FOUL him-yer a man down...NO ONE FOULS HIM......Watson passes to Deg...with Paula Pierce counting the hairs on Dengs nappy head...Deng starts to dribble the ball...FOUL him paula FOUL him because Bass is still in the Bulls backcourt on his back waiting for the trainer to come shoot him ..y'kno the humane thing to do...NOT PAULA. Paula lets Deng dribble to his left...then to his right...then dump a pass into Noah (who Bass would have guarded if he was still lying in the Bulls backcourt bellowing in pain) for a open layup... \Ohhhh YEAH....TEAM BALL CELTICS...How can ya NOT know to foul on the ball when yer TEAMMATE is down...right..i mean if ya even CARED..right????
lovesports3409::I just read your post. You're killing me because that's how i am after a Bulls game when they lose.
Road dog Red::Its the little things..the Bulls wanted to win...and said lets give it a go...the Tics behaved as if they didn't know they should be competing..like the Bulls, minus Drose, were just going to roll over and hand them a jar of Vaseline...PUTRID
mccoywajmu::You mad bro? lmao
YoungQuin88::Yup he mad lol.
lovesports3409::He's pissed.
Road dog Red::DENG right i'm mad
Gex.2::bulls are almost back to full strength for the 1st time in what feels like forever... THE WINDS ARE CHANGING... A STORM IS COMING
Heritage Champion::Yeah, the storm is Rose coming back to break up ball movement and selfless TEAM basketball...
lovesports3409::Here we come walking down the street...   ---signed The Monkeys
Gex.2::HURR DURR we were 1st in THE LEAGUE in assists before rose went out, idiot
PackerPowerPunch::You obviously don't watch the Bulls. They average more assists and points with rose
mccoywajmu::lol we avg more assist per game with rose
sjr1893::that "STORM" is set on a course to go through Miami
Road dog Red::Ryan Hollins, all 7'1" of him couldn't block a shot if it was stationary
mccoywajmu::that dude is garbage
Road dog Red::No effort, No hustle...what me worry... hey were up by 11pts right..beginning the 2nd half...SO WHAT...thats the other guys job on the pick and roll,... he should have boxed out, he didn't pick for me so why should i for him...hey...when do i get a shot.. \freaking $@%!$@%!$@
Road dog Red::Brandon Bass and Bradley were the only to who came to play in the 2nd half... the rest pouted, stomped their feet,  mailed it in and looked like mommy took away their favorite toy
sjr1893::they got tired, they cant play back to backs anymore
SmokeTrees773::noah told kg and pierce to sit down on that bench
chains1910::Noah/KG rivalry is so funny. They basically have the same personality
TheBlazingFlame::good try
sjr1893::Deng was Dengerous in the 2nd half
Road dog Red::Defense???...DEE-FENSE????....i'm here to shoot the ball \ Ray Allen
chains1910::that guy bradley is a pesky defender. If he can develop a consistent mid range J and keep cutting he can be a solid starter
ScalabrineSwag::This guy is actually funny
Road dog Red::Ok.. if i can't walk the ball up..how about if i trot...y'kno..how about powerwalk it. Rajon Rondo
Road dog Red::Do I have to go into the backcourt and help out on getting the ball inbounds??? Dang.. -Paul Pierce-
lovesports3409::Man, you're a little salty this a.m.
Road dog Red::Deng RIGHT I am... It was like watching Orlando play... UNINSPIRED balderdash...a bunch of whiny overpaid brats pointing the finger at each other
pspank1::If the Heat goes into the Playoffs without Wade or Lebum or hell not both if just one of them don't play in the playoffs the Heat wouldn't win a thing... So that's a dumb comment saying if Rose don't play in the playoffs we not going far...ppl are just dumb...
chains1910::yea any team without their best player is at an obvious disadvantage. anyone saying otherwise is bs-ing themselves
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Would you like to message this to Yarddog59 or should I?
lovesports3409::Heat fans seem to think we're scared of them. SMH.
Road dog Red::Hey...lets walk the ball up the court...i mean..WHO CARES right...  Rajon Rondo
lovesports3409::Rondo was killing in the 1st half.
ScalabrineSwag::At least you are accepting defeat...   PROPS
Road dog Red::Lazy..just LAZY uninspired play in 2nd half..   \are we playing basketball game???\ No..we are chasing daisies... Paul Pierce
Scalabrine FOR THE WIN::What's going to happen when Pierce, Allen and KG leave?  Do I see a new Bulls fan in the near future?
sjr1893::Cant wait to see what this Bulls team can do when the starting 5 are all back together
Road dog Red::Paula Pierce...hands on hips...threw the towel in
ScalabrineSwag::Where are all of your buddies from last night?
Road dog Red::Celtics SUCKED...
Choose your member name::Window closed last year....
ArcusProtus::most intelligent thing you've ever posted.  sorry for your snap back to reality.
ScalabrineSwag::^^^Celtics fan^^^ came out from hiding!
lovesports3409::It was that "D".
lovesports3409::The Bulls are for REAL.  ---Magic Johnson
sjr1893::welcome to the party Magic
ScalabrineSwag::You know if magic johnson says it it must be true bc that f.aggot is such a bulls hater.
lovesports3409::The lights had to come on at some point.
Scalabrine FOR THE WIN::When it's all said and done, LeBron James will be Greatest NBA Player to ever play the game that never won a championship.
Nanrad_91::6_23_LBJ, no one said we could win the ECF and Finals without Rose, we said we would like to see where the Heat would be if they had to go without their best players. That is an extreme difference. I see you lack some comprehension skills.
Nanrad_91::I haven't seen it. Most of the time, there have been people twisting our words. But, true Bulls fans know we're not going to win without Rose. We can win regular season and some playoff games, but I don't see us taking the ECF or Finals unless Rose is in the picture. That is, unless the rest of the players play the most insane ball of their lives the whole time.
chains1910::Better than the Heat's or better than our starters?
Nanrad_91::Well, I honestly do believe our second unit is better.
chains1910::yea i will not be optimistic if we go into that series without Rose. We've played well without him but the numbers clearly show we are a better team with him
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::True. I just don't understand why they put so much emphasis on a game in which clearly Lucas played record minutes and had the most points in a while, when Rose will come back? Heat fans have seen the Bulls lose to them and vice versa (Game 1), but this whole "our second unit is better" argument is silly and mundane.
ScalabrineSwag::Bulls beat the heat without rose...blowout win for the bulls when they do have rose.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::No, the internet is global and so are the marketing of Sports teams.  Hell, China has the biggest portion of Heat fans in the international scale.
SmokeTrees773::are u even from miami..you 49er fan
chains1910::a healthy Rip isn't a huge difference maker in the long run, but matchup-wise against the heat it's really important. Adds another offensive element and makes wade try a lot harder on D than with Brewer out there
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Haha, poor little lamb.   You really only feel that your team has slumps. It's ok, I expected this.
ScalabrineSwag::We already have proven that we can.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Dude, if the Bulls can play better, so can the Heat. I hope you can ball with us at our strongest.
ScalabrineSwag::Rose&gt;Jl3 means that the bulls are gonna beat the heat by even more if they are fully healthy in the playoffs including RIP and Deng.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::All I am saying is that the lineups will be different so why bank on John Lucas III getting more than six minutes. Its not going to be the same?
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::A couple of your boys did.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Not in that post, before that.
Choose your member name::LeBum dreams of one day doing this...  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZtxpCuILoQ
Choose your member name::or this  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJAcu6JtU2I
