LdawgLdawg::Lol whats all of this arguing about Jeremy Lin about? Lin is a decent point guard and quality NBA player. Linsanity was blown up by the media especially since he was in New York, is of Asian decent, and had a feel-good back story. I would rank Lin somewhere between 12th and 24th best PG in the league. That's decent right? So what's the big deal?
19Houston75::Kelvin Cato once had a few weeks where he looked like the next Olajuwon. The Rockets threw a bunch of money at him and he only showed random flashes of those skills. A small sample of games does not a superstar make.
19Houston75::It's not so much arguing about Lin, as it is arguing that James Harden does not hinder Lin's performance. A particular fan base here thinks there is a joint conspiracy between Harden and McHale to keep Lin from being the next Magic Johnson.
Jackiemoonsexy::<b>Top 10 and climbing up the ladder</b>
Diane56295::I'm glad that the Rox are winning games with D lately.
southbeachginja::Lin fans are going so low that they have to compare him to raymond felton.  Felton is the worst point guard in the league, of course lin is better.  That doesn't mean lin is good if you say hes better than felton though
LdawgLdawg::oktoke is right
oktoke::lin fans compare him to felton because felton replaced him as the knicks' starting point guard.
Bulls Bears Cubs::Worst PG in the league????  There are almost 100 PGs in NBA right now.  So based on what you said, he should be cut anytime soon, right?  So he shouldn't be the starting for NYK because he is the WORST PG in the leage, right?  So, according to you, we wont expect to see him in the NBA next season as the new bloods comes in and the worst players either get cut or retire.  Let's see if that is the case.....  Btw, I am no Felton fan, just want to point out how stupid your point is.
Bulls Bears Cubs::I wonder how you come up with the new rank 80th?  so he jump 20 ranks now to 80?  was the worst PG in NBA.  So what happened the last 2 days.  What will we see from you next, 60th best / 100?  I really cant name 79 other PG that is better than him, can u?
southbeachginja::I really hope the knicks cut felton, and fine he is like the 80th best point guard in the league.  Watch a game of his, and you will see how bad he really is
letstlhk::Nnice comeback go rockets
contactchingching@yahoo.com::i think a lot of people noticed the post game conference by Mchale, he mention Lin play poor at the first half but did a good job on defense on second half. Actually Lin play well at first half, shooting 3 out of 6 with 7pts and take charges as well, the only mistake he made on 3:30 left at second quarter and two minutes left when he dribble the ball to his face, then Mchale judge him for playing poorly. Also Mchale not to mention Lin's offense at second half. When you try to praise a player for his defense on one hand but at the mean time you criticize at the other. Mchale said after the game " Harden is a tough kid, he play through injury and he is very very skill player" but he never mention Harden shooting 3 out of 10 and have 4 turnover at the first half. I like Harden but just wish Mchale treat every player as equal. It will $@%! me off every time when Mchale say something about Lin
Dezagcoog::WOW thanks! I really needed your post-game coaching report. We all know you know so much more than one of the greatest players of all time, and one of the 30 head coaches of the NBA.
Dawan208::.
woodylamb::Mchale still can't get over the mistake of letting Lin go. This guy has a too big ego. Poor man.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::IT'S GETTING OBVIOUS MCFAIL HATES LIN OR IS JUST RACIST AGAINST ASIANS.  REMEMBER THE OKC GAME?  MCFAIL NEVER ONCE PRAISED LIN AND CRITICIZED HIM ON HIS TURNOVERS BUT NEVER AND I MEAN "NEVER" EVER ONCE MENTION ABOUT HARDEN'S 9 TURNOVERS OR ZERO DEFENSE THROUGHOUT THE ENTIRE SEASON ;)
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::19houston75 The sooner you guys figure out that Lin is not John Stockton, the better.    The irony here is that I am a Lin fan. He could average 0ppg, 0apg, etc, and I'd still be his fan. He plays for my favorite team. As long as theyre winning, I dont care what any of the players stats are. If Harden went scoreless with 15 TO and the Rockets win, I wont rag on him. I dont complain about any players on the team, unless the team loses. That there is the primary difference between a Rockets fan, and a LOF. Go find a Lin Fan club message board somewhere and let the actual Fans discuss basketball.  AND WHO'S COMPLAINING WHEN THE TEAM WINS?  YOU LIKE ALL THE LOHs, ARE TRUE IDIOTS WHOM HAD TO INJECT RACE INTO THIS AS USUAL.  THE TERM "LOF" IS DEROGATORY AND OFTEN USED BY THE RACIST FAKE DELUSIONAL ROCKETS FANS TO TRY TO DISRUPT AND DIVIDE THE REAL FANBASE.  LOL GOOD LUCK TRYING.:)  BTW, SINCE WHEN DID ROOTING FOR OTHER TEAMS CONSIDER A BAD THING?  I LIKED THE BULLS, PISTONS(2004), GSW, ROCKETS, ETC.  HAHAHA YOU LOHs ARE DELUSIONAL AND CLUELESS AS USUAL.  LOHs EXISTED WAY BEFORE LINSANITY AND ARE THE WORST OF ALL FANS IN SPORTS HISTORY;)
19Houston75::I've never mentioned race. Wasn't using LOF as derogatory either. It's an actual thing. If you guys get offended by the acronym, so be it. I don't really care.   As for my older posts, a lot of them are to pick on you idiots. Is idiot a racist term? lol  As long as Jeremy Lin wears a Rockets' uniform, I am a Jeremy Lin fan.   Don't faint, but my biggest grief with McHale is his substitution patterns. Primarily keeping Lin on the bench when Beverly is not performing well. Case in point would be the game in Dallas. I believe that had he had Lin in in the 4th, the Rockets would have won. I posted as much on that game's conversation.  You guys need to grow thicker skin. Not everything is about race and $@%!$ size.
TXtdo1411::How did this even get likes????? 1. He never bashed Lin in that post. Just said he wasn't Stockton, which I am sure we can all agree on 2. There was never anything about race in his post. You are the only one that mentioned race 3. He was very respectful in his post. All he said is that he cares about his teams succes, and that is the bottom line. Granted some people may want to follow other teams as well, but he is more specifically focusing on people that only like Lin and bash the rockets when Lin is underused, benched, etc.   I am not saying everyone that talks about Lin not being utilized enough, or is being asked to play a different role then he should be is a LOF, because there is some validity and food for thought in those posts. But I don't understand why you feel the need to take a simple post, and make personal attacks, and bring race into the picture.
ChuckCharlesCharlie::TXtdo1411 - You have to be kidding right now. I'm just going to assume you're a troll and this will be my last post on the matter. I honestly don't believe it is a racist term. I had never even thought about it as a race issue until you said something. I think it is the fact that there are some fans who only root for Lin and bash on the rockets and harden non stop.   nawh he's not a troll, he responds to the board very frequent. Lin's fans are also rockets' fans, what's the point of having a good player and a crappy team. As a lin fan, I want him to go all through the tough $@%!, so he can become a better player. Thus, to achieve this, we respectfully hope to see the Rockets in the playoff, so this pg can go against other elite PGs.   Real fan of Lin understand that he is still young, and not yet a perfect product, but we do know that he has worked hard to get to his situation and will continue to work harder to reach a new milestone.  I don't mind having people who who dislike Lin - that 19houston watever is a faker, he's no fan of Lin. Read some of his older posts.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::I'M JUST GOING TO ASSUME YOU'RE NEW TO THE BOARD.  OTHERWISE YOU WOULD KNOW THAT LOHs HAS BEEN PROCLAIMING ALL LOFs ARE ASIANS AND FROM OVERSEAS.  NOW IF THAT'S NOT RACIST TO YOU, THEN I DON'T KNOW WHAT IS;)
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::AND I'M JUST GOING TO ASSUME YOU'RE NEW TO THE BOARD.  MOST LOHs INSISTED LOFs ARE TYPICAL ASIANS AND FROM OVERSEAS, WHOM DOESN'T HAVE A CLUE ABOUT BASKETBALL LOL.  NOW IF THAT'S NOT RACIST TO YOU, THEN YOU'RE MISGUIDED AND MISINFORMED;)
TXtdo1411::You have to be kidding right now. I'm just going to assume you're a troll and this will be my last post on the matter. I honestly don't believe it is a racist term. I had never even thought about it as a race issue until you said something. I think it is the fact that there are some fans who only root for Lin and bash on the rockets and harden non stop. Just like there are some fans who only hate on Lin. I do hope you feel more accepted as a Rockets fan soon.   FYI an eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::AND WHY CAN'T I USED THE TERM "LOH"?  AN "EYE FOR AN EYE" IS JUSTIFIABLE IF YOU WANT TO GO TOE TO TOE WITH THESE RACIST SCUMBAGS!  FYI HE'S NOT EVEN A REAL LIN FAN...JUST ANOTHER LOH TRYING TO STIR THE POT AS USUAL.  A REAL FAN IS SOMEONE WHO'S TOLERANT OF OTHER FANS, REGARDLESS OF AGE, SEX, RACE, ETC.  AND WHO'S TO SAY I CAN OR CAN'T ROOT FOR THE ROCKETS?  LOL THESE LOHs ARE DELUSIONAL AND HILARIOUS ;)
TXtdo1411::You use the term LOH whats the difference?  I also said in my post that there was some validity in the comments being made about substitutions, and usage. Maybe you didn't care to push more on my post.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::AND WHY IS IT THAT THE TERM "LOF" EVEN BEING USED HERE?  THAT IS A DEROGATORY TERM TO LABEL LIN FANS AS SUCH.  JUST BECAUSE YOU ROOT FOR YOUR FAVORITE PLAYER, MEANS YOU CAN'T ROOT FOR THE TEAM HE'S PLAYING ON?  AND SOME OF THE COMPLAINTS BROUGHT FORTH BY THE LIN FANS HOLD MERITS.  IF YOU PAY ANY ATTENTION, THE MAJORITY OF COMMENTS THROUGHOUT THE SEASON ARE ABOUT MCFAIL'S INCOMPETENCE AS A COACH AND HIS RIDICULOUS ROTATION AT CRUNCH TIME.  AND YES, THEY'RE NOT ALL FROM LIN FANS EITHER!  I GUESS THE RACIST JERKS WOULD NEVER SEE IT UNTIL THE TABLE IS TURNED LOL ;)   P.S.  HE'S NOT EVEN A REAL LIN FAN...JUST ANOTHER FAKE TROLL TRYING TO DIVIDE THE FANBASE;)
Denzel7587::nbafanatic69's response when asked about Felton:  overall, better than your underachieving PG. and enough of the fat felton jokes, pls. the poor guy's playing injured and is still rated higher than lin. _________________________________________________ Lin is No. 20 among 100 PGs in the league in points scored. Felton? No. 28. Lin No. 14 in assists of 100 PGs. Felton not even in the top 20. If Lin is underachieving, what do you call Felton's stats so far this season?
southbeachginja::Not gonna lie, if felton didn't miss games, he would be better than lin in points and assists.  But, I will admit Lin is a much better point guard than felton because felton is a joke
jason_bautista::wins against Knicks must mean something.  Knicks didn't win any of the meeting with Rockets.  At least that must mean something.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::FATON WENT OUT OF HIS WAY EVER SINCE THE PINKY ACCIDENT WITH CHEESEBURGERS AND FRIES;)
MacksABillion::Felton missed a number of games from injury, those stats mean nothing
Paul Apoundstone::Now that's ridiculous right there if you're saying those stats mean nothing. Okay, perhaps not for Felton if he missed a bevy amount of games, but Lin's accolades for top tier PG's in the league is undeniable; numbers speak for themselves.
Selvin4715::I was not on the boards last night. Im guessing the Laker trolls showed up in the first half?
ChuckCharlesCharlie::nawh - they were peaceful
NewcastleFanVL::I bet McHale just realized WHY the Rox were scheduled to play preseason games in Manila and Taipei. This coupled with the Dallas loss, we've seen McHale start treating Lin like a startng PG.
Selvin4715::Not really, Lin has to fix himself. He has to realize that more is expected of him. He needs to learn to be more aggressive whether Harden is on the floor or not. In other words, just keep shooting.
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::I DON'T GIVE A $@%! LOL;)
Selvin4715::Bush sucks
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::CAN'T KEEP ON SHOOTING IF MCFAIL KEEPS ON BENCHING YOU FOR THE MAKING THE SAME MISTAKES AS OTHERS;)
123abc456xxy::nbafanatic69 i don't even know how to respond to this, comparing lin with cp3. do you even realize the impact that cp3 has on clipper games? dude, learn to keep up, please.  THIS IS NEARLY 1 SEASON THIS TEAM BEEN TOGETHER, AS FAR AS HOW J-LIN PLAY AS A PG ..... GREAT. CAN CP3 DO THIS IN HIS FIRST YEAR?? NO..JUST WAIT NEXT YEAR WHEN THE HOLE TEAM GEL.
southbeachginja::so you think lin will be better than chris paul.  seems like your the idiot in this arguement
Denzel7587::nbafanatic69, i am not saying that Jeremy Lin is comparable to Chris Paul. Lin is not miles apart from the NBA's best PG.   * Lin is No. 20 of more than 100 PGs in the league in total scores this season. Chris Paul is No. 17.  * Lin is No. 14 among PGs in total assists made *  Lin is No. 6 in total steals among NBA PGs  Lin can score and assist more when he's being allowed to play his PG role. The fact that he is not used consistently as a PG points to Lin's ability to adjust. He's not a scrub as  many haters would like to insist
Denzel7587::He's not doing bad at all despite the inconsistent usage as a PG. I'm not making this up. You can check the NBA yourself. It's in the NBA website.
JorgeJorge24::actually Lin is playing as SG on Rockets... (just sometimes he handle the ball)
123abc456xxy::when j-lin play  as a sg,, that when rockets usually loses.
Dezagcoog::Harden really is a superstar. What truly puts him over the top is how he makes the rest of the team better.
Denzel7587::Harden is a superstar because he is an elite scorer, Top 5 in the league. I doubt however that he  makes others better. When he plays the PG you usually low scores of Parsons, Asik and Lin. Lin is much better because you'll see more balanced scoring. The dominant wins of Rockets this season featured Lin as the team's main PG. So I thin it's Lin that makes the others better.
TXtdo1411::8 assists would say otherwise. Do you realize how often Harden draws double teams and passes out of them to open players. In fact Lin was the benificiary on a couple of those passes from harden. I'm not saying Lin doesn't make players better too, because he does. But to say harden doesn't make others better is ridiculous. He is still learning, and will continue to gain more knowledge on how and when to shoot or pass. Hopefully harden and Lin can continue to do well and everyone on this board can be happy and stop complaining.
NewcastleFanVL::A little personal if you don't mind ; does Rubio look Jewish to you?
NewcastleFanVL::Not so fast to label someone a racist dude. I like Jewish people, I politely tried to clear my curiousity as I know Dezagcoog is a Jewish person. Btw,I like most of your comments, kudos !
Denzel7587::Racist!
JorgeJorge24::actually Lin makes Harden plays better...  ALL of Harden biggest scorers happened when Lin scored big numbers too...
KeriTheCreoleTexan::And that last statement is completely laughable. Apparently, you haven't bothered to even look up the stats of Harden's big games. I'm not surprised, though. Go figure.
KeriTheCreoleTexan::Harden gets the majority of his points driving to the basket, so that statement isn't completely accurate.
19Houston75::The sooner you guys figure out that Lin is not John Stockton, the better.  The irony here is that I am a Lin fan. He could average 0ppg, 0apg, etc, and I'd still be his fan. He plays for my favorite team. As long as theyre winning, I dont care what any of the players stats are. If Harden went scoreless with 15 TO and the Rockets win, I wont rag on him. I dont complain about any players on the team, unless the team loses. That there is the primary difference between a Rockets fan, and a LOF. Go find a Lin Fan club message board somewhere and let the actual Fans discuss basketball.
ChuckCharlesCharlie::WTF are you talking about not talking trash until the Rox lose a game. Man, you're not even a Lin's fan, quit pulling $@%! out of your $@%. Earlier today you make a bold clear statement that he's "garbage".
Denzel7587::Who is saying that Lin is like John Stockton. You're making up stories. The request of Lin fans is for McHale and Harden to allow Lin to play the PG role. He was hired to do that primary job, he is showing he can do it even much better than Harden. He ranks No. 20 in total scores, 14th in assists, and No. 6 in steals among the NBA's more than 100 PGs. What's unreasonable in our request that you allow him to play his role not just because he was hired to do so but most importantly because he is demonstrating that he can and is much better at Harden in that part of the game. Why do you refuse to see that in the blowout victories of Rockets this season, Lin was the team's main PG and not Harden. I'm annoying but I can put up anymore with your continuing disrespect of Lin.If you can't appreciate his value to the team, ask Morey to trade him elsewhere.
KeriTheCreoleTexan::Talk to them!
NewcastleFanVL::I'm a R&amp;LOF,can I not leave this board?
MacksABillion::Can I get an amen?? How about a hallelujah
vonsteve6868::Tied in the loss column with GS. It may have been an ugly first half, but it ended up being a very good night.
sam 787::TO machine, can't go left,  poor D,  exposed in Miami game,  didn't play at 85%,  small sample size,   All of above are the Knicks fans comments on an essential rookie last season. I don't blame Stephen A who brainwashes them. That's his job to create controversy   But they are really shortsighted.   Getting Old to WIN NOW?  What a stupid idea.
NewcastleFanVL::Grunfeld should be fired for taking the Knicks down that Old Fart Lane.
sportsfan1014::even SAS showed Lin some respect after Rockets beat his Knicks in MSG this season.
cfylong::Gg
cfylong::The Knicks lost by 29, 24, and 15 to middle of the road west conference teams, and fats Felton is tired of running, Melo is telling lies about his knees, and Knicks fans still have to come to this board to bash Lin.  LOH are crazy folks.
southbeachginja::Anthony is lying about his knees, hmm seems like jeremy lin in the playoffs
witchhaiting::Because of love so hate
sportsfan1014::lol, Knicks fans blame Lin for anything &amp; everything
Destruct0id::Bottom Line- In the 2nd half alone tonight, Harden had 25 points (on 6 shots!), 7 assists &amp; 5 rebounds while Lin had 17 points, 6 assists and 3 steals. That's all folks
rm90025::When Harden and Lin shoot over 40% in the same game, they are tough to beat.  They become even more effective when both shoot over 45% in the same game.  If Harden and Lin can play as they have for most of this month and some notable games in December (NY/Chi) and February (OKC/GS), they can actually win playoff games and advance into the second round.  If Houston is clicking on all cylinders they can beat anyone except probably Miami.
sportsfan1014::wow 25 pts on only 6 shots... didn't notice that
Destruct0id::The stupidity that taken over this board is astonishing. Where were all you fans when Rockets were down by 18?
KeriTheCreoleTexan::I'm upset I missed the entire game. Too busy going crazy at SXSW.
KeriTheCreoleTexan::I know, man. I was at the Big KRIT concert!
sportsfan1014::you missed a great one.. again? that's too bad, Rockets came back from 20 down last night, amazing..
nbafanatic69::I feel for McHale, I really do.  He can't do right by LOFs no matter how much time he gives that kid.  smh.
Bulls Bears Cubs::I feel for nbafanatic69, I really do.  He cant do right no matter how much lin-hating messages he post.
sportsfan1014::I feel for Woody, I really do.  He can't do right by no matter how much food he gives to Felton. smh.
Rocketswin2013::How weird is this? Charles Barkley predicted that the Bobcats wouldn't get the first pick because Stern rigged it. WOW. http://www.sbnation.com/nba/2012/4/12/2944173/charles-barkley-nba-lottery-anthony-davis
sportsfan1014::Felton would have been a #3-#4 pg now if he was a Rocket
Bulls Bears Cubs::Or you mean #3 or #4 PG on the Rocktets?  We all know #1 PG is Harden, so Felton cant have that.
nbafanatic69::are you being serious?  if so, put down the weed.  even mchale would laugh his @ss! off.
Denzel7587::nbafanatic69 wait a sec, didn't you just earlier make lin comparable to CP3? and you want your opinions to be taken seriously? uh.... --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- THEN CHECK THEIR TOTAL POINTS SCORED THIS SEASON. I was surprised myself Jeremy Lin and Chris Paul are not far from each other in scores. Surprising, huh!
rm90025::I'm a Clipper season ticket holder and CP3 has definitely been a difference maker in terms of making the Clippers a playoff team.  However, his game has limitations. He can't guard anyone anymore and he isn't that good a floor general in the half court set.   He basically dribbles around a lot and covers up for his shortcomings by having an excellent jump shot that he shoots at a very high percentage.  The reason the Clippers have fallen off the pace is because he hasn't figured out how to commit to getting Blake Griffin the ball.  He instead allows the offense to settle for too much dribbling and too many 3 point shots by his SGs and forwards.  In terms of a matchup, Lin is capable of holding his own against CP3.  That's not the same thing as saying he is better.
nbafanatic69::i don't even know how to respond to this, comparing lin with cp3.  do you even realize the impact that cp3 has on clipper games?  dude, learn to keep up, please.
nbafanatic69::Don't you think LOFs , if they were really being honest, wished that Harden hadn't come over?  Charges of selfishness, ball-hogging, short-sightedness against the ONLY Rox (Harden) who's keeping you guys in  this race.    Let's just have Lin run the offense like the overrated PG that he is and so what if we don't make the playoffs?  At least we'll have some ethnic representation and some great highlight videos about Lin to post on Youtube.  Ugh, LOFs, great favor you're doing for the Rox and their real fans.
m_gunners::what the hell are you doing on this board...you should be preparing to mourn further losses for the KNicks against Clips and Jazz
Bulls Bears Cubs::He is a lin hater, and his NYK are not doing so well recently.  So he come over to the  Houston Forum to take out his frustration.  Deep down, he wished that Lin was still their PG.
jason_bautista::I'm glad you're happy with Felton.  Meanwhile, we are happy with Lin.  So what's the problem?
jason_bautista::nbafanatic69 - guess you weren't around when the fat felton jokes were going on strong for most of the season -- cuz LOFs were still resentful of Lin being dropped by the knicks in favor of the stronger felton.  i have no problems with real rox fans who praise their starting PG.  it's the LOFs that bend over for their boy and diss other PGs that annoys me.  I'm sorry but I have to say Felton's really fat but it doesn't mean he's playing garbage.  I just have to disagree with you but Lin's overall much better than Felton.
nbafanatic69::guess you weren't around when the fat felton jokes were going on strong for most of the season -- cuz LOFs were still resentful of Lin being dropped by the knicks in favor of the stronger felton.  i have no problems with real rox fans who praise their starting PG.  it's the LOFs that bend over for their boy and diss other PGs that annoys me.
Denzel7587::nbafanatic69, have you checked the recent NBA stats. Lin  is doing much better than Felton.
Dawan208::Lin is not overrated .   Wasn't he past up by most colleges after he took his high school to the state championship.  Wasn't even given a bb scholarship which was un called for .  And then he was never drafted into the NBA.  wasn't he let go by two, almost three teams.   Some overrated person he is !
sportsfan1014::you picked a wrong day pal, by the way, hows ur Felton doing?
nbafanatic69::i'll keep it simple for you.  who do you trust for the dagger when the game's on the line?  here's a tip -- not your sad-shooting PG, that's for sure.
sportsfan1014::Lin averages 10+ FGA per game Felton averages almost 15 FGA per game
Dawan208::nbafanatic69 - overall, better than your underachieving PG.  and enough of the fat felton jokes, pls.  the poor guy's playing injured and is still rated higher than lin.  By 2 points.  Lousy 2 or 3 points.   Lin PPG 13                                                           Felton 15 PPG
nbafanatic69::overall, better than your underachieving PG.  and enough of the fat felton jokes, pls.  the poor guy's playing injured and is still rated higher than lin.
hernon254::Lin does good then he does bad next game.  Lin does bad then Asian jokes.  Get new material
jason_bautista::The Rockets team is the youngest team in the whole NBA.  Even if consistency is an issue, I'll take the bad games as with the good games because I know they can still improve.  It's the same with Lin.  As long as everybody's working hard, there's no cause for alarm.
Denzel7587::The important question is why is his performance erratic? Some games he plays like an elite NBA player in others a D-League wannabe. His excellent and bad performances can be traced to his PG role. If he's being allowed to play the team's PG, he does well sometimes leading to blowout Rockets victories. When Harden usurps the PG role, Harden plays as a spot-up shooter, which he is not really good at this point.
sagematic::That's a good point abt lin's performance being related to his role on the team
witchhaiting::Lin was so unstable because coach always let him from PG to SG
nbafanatic69::wait a sec, didn't you just earlier make lin comparable to CP3?  and you want your opinions to be taken seriously?  uh....
Tdugs710::I haven't seen the asian jokes in awhile
nbafanatic69::lin really should be coming off the bench cuz he doesn't really turn it on til late in the game.  he's no starter, and NO he is no rondo.
Kevin26247::Pretty easy to get a championship mentality when you've had nothing but HoF's to pass the ball to every night. Smoove strikes again!!
jason_bautista::Everybody needs some burn before they get hot.  Starting another PG from their current lineup is crazy...  Maybe if we can acquire CP3 then he can come from the bench.  Anything short isn't viable.
Dawan208::Yawn!
bobbydagreat::Of course he's no Rondo, he can shoot the ball....
witchhaiting::yep!!~
Tdugs710::Rondo is a ballhog. Just because he has high assist numbers does not mean he leads an efficient offense
Smoove Rocket::he's no rondo because he doesn't have near the toughness, fire, speed, nor championship mentality. bobby, you don't understand anything outside of 3 point shooting %, it's silly.
Tdugs710::I'm glad we pulled out the win tonight. It was hard to watch, but hopefully it gave our guys some confidence moving forward
ozi0628::I hate LOFs. They are an embarrassment to the sport.
jason_bautista::put them together with LOHs.  They need each other.  Maybe a separate forum for them will be good for everybody.
akhorahil::I don't get those guys either. It's a shame really...   They make me almost want a lessor PG instead of Lin just to get rid of them.
Denzel7587::So are you saying that a Lin fan is an LOF?
akhorahil::The trick to being a LOF is not knowing a darn thing about basketball or the NBA. Feel free to copy, steal and amend the list but you know you're a LOF if...   1) the coach rests you it means he hates you.  2) you think Lin should be in charge of player personnel.  3) you think Lin is the greatest PG that ever lived.  4) Lin &gt; MJ 5) If everyone that doesn't like Lin is a racist.  6) If the coach says Lin needs to be more consistent, then it's a conspiracy to damage Lin's reputation.  7) If you call Harden, Larden... (Felton I get but calling Harden fat??? lol)
ozi0628::LOF means Lin Only Fan, meaning Lin and Lin only. You can be a Lin fan and like other people, thats what we on Earth call normal.
Tdugs710::It's a conditional statement. All LOFs are Lin fans, but not all Lin fans are LOFs.  I personally like the guy as a person, but I believe he has ways to go as a player.
Dawan208::Thankyou
Smoove Rocket::bobbydagreat He's (Lin) not a scrub, but if hes your best player, you aren't sniffing the playoffs. He's a role player.  ------------  that's what i've been saying. so why are you against upgrading?
Kevin26247::Wow, 11 games over .500 when he takes 10+ shots and 6 games under when he takes less than 10 shots. That's impressive.
Denzel7587::The problem with you is you continue to disrespect Lin despite his contributions to the team. His total scores this season makes him around Top 60 out of 503 NBA players. Far from Harden's No. 5 ranking, but somehow near to Chris Paul, the NBA's top PG,  at 57/503. Blowout victories by the Rockets this season featured Lin as the team's main PG. Give him some respect. If you can't see his value to the team, then trade him and we will follow him to his new team.
jason_bautista::What the Rockets need is a fusion of DMO/TROB and ASIK/SMITH.  Kevin Love + Howard will be great for the right price.
rm90025::He's not a role player.  He's not a superstar, but he is a player that is capable of being a difference maker.  He has demonstrated that since he got his shot in NY last year.  The Knicks would not have made the playoffs without his contribution.  This year, the Rockets are 11 games over  .500 when Lin takes 10 or more shots per game and about 6 games or so under .500 when he takes less than 10 shots.
nbafanatic69::that's actually true.  i'm no fan of his skills but he got others involved.  novak, anyone?
Vega_2012::I think Lin is a bit more than a role player.
bobbydagreat::His upside is a guy who is more than a role player, but he hasn't realized that upside yet.
Dawan208::Let me shut up now!
bobbydagreat::I have no problem having a good young role player at the PG and there aren't all that many upgrades out there that aren't just volume shooters who pretend to be PG's. I mean, if CP3 wanted to come to the Rockets, awesome, but that's not happening.
jason_bautista::Smoove Rocket - no offense? the guy gets to the rim in any man on man situation. he blows by his defender and creates havoc on offense in those situations. harden, parsons, delfino, DMo, how many guys do you really need shooting 3's? common.   As if Lin can't take it to the rim...  Him and Harden are one of the best backcourt tandem when it comes to freethrow shooting.
Smoove Rocket::no offense? the guy gets to the rim in any man on man situation. he blows by his defender and creates havoc on offense in those situations. harden, parsons, delfino, DMo, how many guys do you really need shooting 3's? common.
bobbydagreat::That's not how this team plays though. Again, the Celtics aren't playing like they really miss Rondo, there is a reason for it. While he is a great assist guy, he offers no offense whatsoever, opposing teams know they don't have to respect his shot so it makes them easier to defend.
jason_bautista::Lin is a better fit with Harden and the tandem only becomes better the more they play together.  The fact that they can do a little bit of each other's job is a good sign.  No one can dare double team both of them.  A good pick-n-roll buddy for them will be the best answer to what the team needs now and in the future.
Smoove Rocket::he wouldn't shoot for us. and the last thing we need is another outside shooter. even our PF shoots 3 pointers, enough of that. he'd just dish all day. incredibly quick, excellent defense, tremendous competitor, tough as nails, proven champion.
Vega_2012::that would be awesome, but hes a very ball dominant PG
bobbydagreat::I love that he's a pure PG, but the guy shoots the ball worse than I do. Notice how the Celtics aren't really falling apart without him? Yeah, there's a reason.
Smoove Rocket::rondo. rondo. rondo.
Vega_2012::Coach McHale really seems like a likable guy
m_gunners::you are lucky there isn't an 'UNLIKE' choice....
rm90025::Watching McHale's press conference was very interesting, if not eye opening.  McHale really values defense and low turnovers out of the PG spot, and doesn't seem to value scoring/assists as much.  He praised Lin's defense in the second half, and the team's ability to take care of the basketball, but didn't mention the fact that Jeremy scored a lot of points and made a lot of great passes.  He said Lin had a poor first half, when he was actually one of the few that made 50% of his shots and took a few charges on defense.  He was upset about the turnovers.
Denzel7587::McHale equated good performance with the performance of the other Rockets. Lin was playing well in the first half.
nbafanatic69::Case and point.
NAHMEANSON2::LOL, a MOF.
Vega_2012::Rockets replay is on :)
Smoove Rocket::vega have another cold one
Vega_2012::haha nah im good
nbafanatic69::Can't believe the in-fighting that goes on in any rox forum.  kinda entertaining in a sad way.  LOFs will be screaming for McHale's blood even if the Rox make the WCF.  All that matters to them is that their weiner boy Lin get his points and moves.  smh.
Denzel7587::Let Lin play the PG, the role he was hired to do; his supposed PRIMARY JOB. He deserves to do his job because ALMOST ALL Rockets blowout victories this season featured Lin as the team's main PG, not Harden. You can check the games if you want. Let Lin play his PG role because he is better as a PG than Harden. Harden sucks as a PG: can't optimize the contributions of Parsons, Lin, Asik and other Rockets. Sorry, Harden is Top 5 most efficient scorers in the NBA but he is not better than Lin in playing the PG role.
rm90025::LOFs criticize McHale because they believe Lin is an important piece of the Rockets' success and McHale's system and player rotations don't always reflect that.  I think since the loss to Dallas, McHale has played Lin a lot more with Harden in key stretches of the game, which is a tacit admission that the LOFs critique had some merit.
raggy8292::damn james harden takes a lot of free throws
setrue::Unblock me if you are not a coward.........
setrue::testingl
bobbydagreat::He creates contact better than damn near anyone.
setrue::Come on bobbydalittlegirl, show your a man .................for once in your life.
setrue::bobbydagreat, why are you so insecure that you block my reply to your posts.  Not man enough to debate me?  Blocking replies are for a little boy......... you can only speak to people who agree with you?  I know you won't reply me but you can because I have not block you.   bobbydalittlegirl is what I will call you from now on. LOL.
Vega_2012::What's more suprising, Houston's 20 point come back or being down 20 to the TWolves?
nbafanatic69::You know who is missed?  Jeremy Lamb.  That kid had great potential.  That's one I would never let go.  Like taking Shump from the Knicks.
Vega_2012::And we'll never know how good lamb will be, until he gets playing time in OKC
bobbydagreat::Lamb would have never gotten to play here...
Smoove Rocket::but lamb actually plays SF more than SG. and delfino is only signed one more year.
bobbydagreat::That's what I'm saying, I don't think any other SG would get time on the Rockets.
Smoove Rocket::well technically, delfino is a SF though he plays like a SG. anderson gets no time.
bobbydagreat::He's a SG, how many SG's do the Rockets play?
Smoove Rocket::huh? why not? he'd be the perfect SG/SF rotation guy.
choate_sedition::Lin could average 20 pts on a team where he dominates the ball
sagematic::His teammates have to catch the ball and make a basket.  It's not all on lin
Denzel7587::It's a pointless stat if the team loses. The better stat to check is his number of assists. If Lin is able to make 15 assists a night, then the Rockets would be dominating.
nbafanatic69::Exactly.
bobbydagreat::And that team would average 35 wins a year
bobbydagreat::It doesn't have to be "your team" for players to show leadership, but I do understand what you are saying.
Dawan208::bobbydagreat - I don't see him as a leader though. He could be on playoff teams certainly, but I just don't see him LEADING a team to the playoffs, see what i mean? I think that might come eventually with him, I just haven't seen a lot of leadership out of him so far.  He's not given the green light from coaches.   It's not his team.
bobbydagreat::I don't see him as a leader though. He could be on playoff teams certainly, but I just don't see him LEADING a team to the playoffs, see what i mean? I think that might come eventually with him, I just haven't seen a lot of leadership out of him so far.
Dawan208::.
bobbydagreat::He's not a scrub, but if hes your best player, you aren't sniffing the playoffs. He's a role player.
Dawan208::This is why I root for him because most people think he's a scrub.    He could lead a team to the playoffs too.  Because he makes his team better.    Now I know Harden is better player but Lin could be good to all he needs is a jumpshot!
MannyTexans24::Quick question.. Do ya'll lin fans only root for lin or do you actually want the rockets to win? Cuz everytime i read the comments its only about his stats or how mchale did this or that.. And i even see some of ya'll bash on harden..
Denzel7587::I'm speaking only for myself. I root for Lin and I root for the team where he plays. It's stupid to root only for Lin and wish ill for the team where he plays. That's why the derogatory term LOF, for me, does not make sense. I bash Harden for usurping the PG role again and again when Lin is clearly a better PG than him (No. 37 of 503 NBA players, Harden at 69/503) able to free up the potential of other Rockets. Harden isthe NBA's top 5 most efficient scorer, but it doesn't give him the right to constrain Lin from doing his primary job of PG
rm90025::Not a Rockets fan.  I'm a Lin fan.  But rooting for a favorite player has a long tradition in the NBA.  Many Portland fans became Drexler only fans when he moved to Houston.  A lot of people became GOFs when Garnett moved to Boston. A lot of people follow their favorite college players in the pros.  I know a lot of Duke only fans who were fans of the Clippers when they had Brand and Maggette.  The list goes on.  If Lin was traded from the Rockets, I probably wouldn't watch as many Rocket games or root for them to win.  There's really nothing wrong with that.  The added fans Lin has brought to Houston is helping the franchise's profile, bottom line, and attractiveness to other players.
NAHMEANSON2::Well Said rm90025.
Denzel7587::Finally, a most sensible post.
whuang04::I have to agree with you based on my experience here.  I am a Lin fan, but is ignorant to bashed Harden when  the guy is so good and carry the team.
Denzel7587::My only issue with Harden is him not allowing Lin to do his primary job of a PG. It ruins the team's performance.
Dawan208::Same here .  I believe Harden is the franchise player too.   Those comments are usually made by the same people.  But I still root for Lin only because he's a underdog and was not given a second chance in the NBA.
Dawan208::Not all LOF are like that.  Only the extreme ones.
bobbydagreat::It depends on who you ask.
LinHardenParsons::They don't give a sh*t about the Rockets or Houston.
Denzel7587::Well, we give a $@%! about the Rockets or Houston NOW because Lin is playing in your team. From the looks of it, Lin will be traded to other teams. McHale and Harden have low respect for Lin as a player.
Smoove Rocket::bobby, i think you're right that morey will try again for howard but i just don't see him leaving l.a.  the guy loves living in l.a. and wants to be part of the laker mystique. something also tells me that he's looking ahead to when kobe's gone.
bobbydagreat::Howard would be pulling a Melo move if he stayed in LA though. It would be him choosing to play in a bigger market rather than ever have a shot to win a championship.
bobbydagreat::When Duncan retires they'll have a hole at C, but Howard isn't really the kind of guy that Pop would go for. I think they'd clash in a big way.
Smoove Rocket::spurs are going to want jefferson or howard
bobbydagreat::Sure, why not? There's nothing wrong with trying to win a championship. I don't think that would ever be an option, but I'd have no problem with it.
Smoove Rocket::he'd have a better shot at winning a championship if he went to the spurs then. would you respect that move?
nbafanatic69::Dwight would sooner come to the Knicks then Rox .  He needs the big lights, not some scrub town like Houston, sorry to say.
Dawan208::Smoove Rocket - so you're a LOF obviously. how are your knicks doing?  You spelled LOH wrong.
bobbydagreat::The Knicks are the team that players go to and die. It is probably the worst place for any player to end up.
Smoove Rocket::so you're a LOF obviously. how are your knicks doing?
Smoove Rocket::and say what you will about kobe, but the irony there is that it took a kobe type of person to motivate howard.  what in the world has been wrong with howard the last 3 years? guy couldn't motivate himself at all and was joking about how he's always eating candy.
rm90025::If you saw the way Howard's eyes lit up when he made plays late in the 4th quarter against Indiana, I think it's pretty certain that he will stay in LA.  He earned some points with Laker fans tonight.  For the Rockets, I think that means adding a guy like Milsap, someone who doesn't need to be a #1 or even #2 option, but will provide a double double and help keep the defense honest.
Smoove Rocket::millsap would be fine, but i'd prefer jefferson because he fills two glaring needs.
bobbydagreat::I'm fine with that, if he wants to waste the rest of his prime on a scrub team then more power to him.
bobbydagreat::I really don't think the Lakers are going to be any good for the foreseeable future.
Rocketswin2013::I doubt they  could pull of getting an Elite PG.
Smoove Rocket::you know the lakers will somehow land themselves a great PG.
nbafanatic69::Harden did very well, as expected.  Parsons was quiet, wtf, and Beverley needs to take some shots.  Rox can't play defense and need guys like Tyson Chandler and Shump.  Even injured those two would kill this sad  no D team, Esp come the playoffs.
whuang04::too bad, they are old and injured...
nbafanatic69::Say what you will about my Knicks.  At least we make some effort on D.
Dawan208::What happen last time Chandler hAd to hack Lin to stop him!!!
Destruct0id::Actually I would love to have Chandler and Shumpert on the Rockets.
bobbydagreat::Chandler would be great off the bench, but Shumpert would never play.
bobbydagreat::LOL
Denzel7587::19Houston75:  Did anyone happen to notice that Harden passed up Lin in Steals? He's even got a better Stl/TO ratio. I guess the only thing he has to do now is pass Lin in assists and he will be a true devil. lol    That's right LOFs. Harden is now 5th in the NBA in steals. Imagine how many he'd have if he played as great of defense as Lin. :P ______________________________ LOL. Last time I check Lin and Harden played on the same team and that basketball consists of five players. Does Harden really need to surpass Lin in assists? If he does, would the Rockets be successful as a team?
Denzel7587::Lin has a higher assist efficiency (number of assists divided by total minutes played) than Harden. He's at No. 37 out of 503 NBA players. Harden is at 69/503. Beaverly, however, is more efficient than Lin at 33/503. His downside: he has much lower scoring efficiency than Lin.     Lin is a better stealer at 33/503, Harden at 57/503. Beaverly is better than Lin and Harden in this aspect of the game at 21/503.     Harden is more turn-over prone than ranked No. 36 of  503 players. Lin at 54/503. Beaverly very good at keeping the ball at 163/503.
sagematic::Great analysis
Denzel7587::All I'm saying: Respect the strengths of the other players. It's not Harden's role to play the PG. Likewise, it's not Lin's job to shoot more (so don't force him to become a spot-up shooter).
Dawan208::Lin doesn't play 40 minutes a game. LOL!    Some of those assist are split up with Beverley
bobbydagreat::If Harden surpasses Lin in assists, it means Lin is playing like crap because getting assists is Lin's primary job and is Harden's secondary job.
19Houston75::you contradict yourself. You say they're on the same team, then complain that Harden disrespects Lin. Hate to break this to you, but those guys are friends.
Denzel7587::You're contradicting yourself with your post. Assisting is Lin's primary job. But why is Harden constraining Lin from doing his PRIMARY JOB by acting as the team's PG more often especially after blowout victories? Lin is doing an excellent job as a PG when he's being allowed to. The problem is, Harden goes berserk when somebody on the team outscores him and he usurps the PG role again. Imagine how bad would it be if Lin (with less scoring efficiency than Harden) takes more shots and Harden (with less assisting efficiency than Lin) steals the PG's job. From what I have season this season, Lin is letting Harden shoot the ball more often, but Harden is not giving the same respect to LIn to play his PG role.
setrue::Only thing it means is Harden is handling the ball more and Lin handling it less.  Not shocking as Harden is not your typically SG.  But as you are a Lin Hater I am not surprise by your low BB I.Q. analysis.
whuang04::That dude is what? 38 yrs old, but he/she sounds like a 18 yr old.
19Houston75::whuang04 - That dude is what? 38 yrs old, but he/she sounds like a 18 yr old.   37, and thanks.
Smoove Rocket::denver half game out of 3 seed. they're the 2nd best team in the west right now.
choate_sedition::I can't see them beating the Spurs, OKC, or Clippers in a series, rotations shorten, you cant run as much so half court matters more.  Also against all 3 of those teams the best 2 players are on the other team.  That counts for alot.
Smoove Rocket::their entire system is based on fluid rotation, there's no way they'll suddenly play with a 6 or 7 man rotation only
Rocketswin2013::With homecourt they can beat anybody and i mean anybody.
Smoove Rocket::yep, they simply crush everyone in that thin air.
LinHardenParsons::Not sure if they're 2nd best, but definitely top 3.
Smoove Rocket::they're the 2nd best right now, we'll see how parker heals.
bobbydagreat::yeah I think they are 3rd best. They are certainly a dangerous team
Smoove Rocket::half game out now with warriors sweep to come
LinHardenParsons::Hell ya.
SweetChippy99::Noob here , what does LOF stand for ?
Dawan208::Lin has an Asian base who follow him, I'm not Asian.  But some people don't like that and think they're only rooting for him and not the rockets!
Eden Knight::If that petition to keep him in NYC last year was any indication, I'd say most of Lin's fans aren't Asian.
Eden Knight::It's nothing new. All popular players have some fans who only follow them.
SweetChippy99::did you just sign up for clutchfans bobby ?
bobbydagreat::a few months back, I don't really post there very often.
SweetChippy99::ah , gracias sir
bobbydagreat::Lin only fan. Basically someone who only follows Jeremy Lin. Just look for people talking crap about Harden and McHale constantly and you'll see them.
setrue::Do not believe bobbydabelowavg definition as definitive as he is bias against Lin.  He consider anyone who praise Lin is LOF and anyone who brings up Harden's turnovers or questions the wisdom McHale's substitution strategy are LOF.  Anyone with legit complaint not directed at Lin is LOF.
SweetChippy99::fo shizzle ?
19Houston75::stands for moron. lol
bobbydagreat::Big game coming up on Sunday, a win would give the Rockets the tie breaker over the Warriors and move the Rockets into 6th place
Smoove Rocket::if denver makes the 3 seed, that's just as bad as facing okc
Smoove Rocket::yep, denver is one major upset away from being in the finals
Rocketswin2013::Denver with Homecourt is a ridiculously tough.
Smoove Rocket::denver is mentally tougher than okc though
Rocketswin2013::Exactly.
Smoove Rocket::sunday will be an easy win
DDDD1881::Better than OKC and Spur
Rocketswin2013::If we were to close the season out as the 6th seed we would have to get Memphis or LAC.
bobbydagreat::I'll take either of those guys.
19Houston75::Did anyone happen to notice that Harden passed up Lin in Steals? He's even got a better Stl/TO ratio. I guess the only thing he has to do now is pass Lin in assists and he will be a true devil. lol  That's right LOFs. Harden is now 5th in the NBA in steals. Imagine how many he'd have if he played as great of defense as Lin. :P
whuang04::Sounds like you are no better than some of those LOF with this dumb post..
19Houston75::lol, No starting PG plays 40 minutes per game.   BTW, Harden doesn't either. Hell, not one single player in the league does.
NAHMEANSON2::Kemba walker 41, Jameer Nelson 45
NAHMEANSON2::19Houston75 - BTW, Harden doesn't either. Hell, not one single player in the league does.  LOL, Just tonite alone 12 players played &gt;40 minutes.  Rubio played 39
Dawan208::Lin doesn't play 40 minutes per game genius
19Houston75::You'd think they did, the way you guys complain about Harden.
Denzel7587::And the way you bash Lin.
whuang04::Does Harden and Lin play on different teams?
rleroy1967::Well.  Good luck Houston.  After all the Wolves injury crap this season I can't bare to watch to many games.  I am excited about baseball though.
walle D_ D::don't talk to houstonians about baseball.
Hank10593::Wow, Bulls are crushing the dubs. That 6th seed looks very reachable. Still remember the Christmas day game when Rox destroyed the Bulls.
tklung::And we don't match up well with others, like the Spurs, OKC, Clippers.  Would love to avoid them in the first round but just don't see how...
Hank10593::Those are the top 5 teams in the NBA tho. I think Rox need to get more consistent with their level of play night in and night out, which is what they are lacking right now as the youngest team in the league.
Rocketswin2013::Some teams just don't match up with us well at all.
Hank10593::Namely the Knicks and the Bulls.
rleroy1967::Spurts_will_never_make_ESPN_highlights  It's Anthony Davis Dummy!
walle D_ D::just said that, but lets be honest whohere can name the top 5 players picked from the draft two years ago? Only the stand outs are remembered.
Rocketswin2013::Players should just stay 2 or 3 years and we would have actual superstars again
rleroy1967::Last year Anthony Davis, Kidd-Gilchrist, Beal, Waiters, Robinson...
