9ers4ever95742::The Thunder attemped 23 FT's last night while the Heat got 14... and how is that the refs were in the pocket of the Heat?
knottfrank::Hi guys!!!!
j_will09::Bosh's averages for the past 2 games:   16 ppg. 3.5 rpg.  36 mpg.     That's 1 board every 10.3 minutes. For a starting 6' 11" PF, this is clearly AWFUL.  BENCH THIS $@%!$@%!$@%!. TRY AND LITE A FIRE OR SOMETHING
SharkBag::Jus give Lebron his props he is good but the Thunder has a team.  I feel the thunder would win in 7 games but the heat are still good. Sum people hate on the heat 2 hard jus look at there bench.  Thats not a team until the heat address the problem no rings
WadeIsARealBBallPlayer::This is for everyone to read!!! Even the people who dislike LeBron James, you need to read this regardless. http://sports.yahoo.com/blogs/nba-ball-dont-lie/picture-perfect-lebron-james-miami-heat-snap-photos-162034684.html
Choose your member name::This game really proved why Derrick Rose is the best in the league.
Khari9772::and you my friend must live under a rock
The_Ref_You_Love_To_Blame::That just made no sense.
Khari9772::you my friend are correct
jeremylin2013allstarstarteroverrose::I HAVE AMAZING NEWS ,LEBRON JAMES IS NOT THE MVP OF THE LEAGUE ...ITS KEVIN LOVE
jeremylin2013allstarstarteroverrose::The poor kid thought he was being jumped by some thug and fought back. Night time, no badge, no authority, loaded gun, and the Police already told you to leave the kid alone. I call that Murder. Very simple. The idiot has no defense.
MrMizzou12::HEAT? More like SHEAT
yung hawg44::HEAT are garbage as you can see they got demolished lastnight hahaha lebron trashh
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::That's what you get for playing in the cupcake east Miami. You finally go up against the best west team and get the biggest beating this season.
Kaps_1817::Love seeing the cryami cheat lose :)  My Mavs are in a bad way this year, but this right here puts a smile on my face
newjerseystephen::I love how the espn Experts Never gave okc any chance at winning this game,and they proved them wrong.
crownmeking035::That was a great game.. Arguably the best the Thunder has performed all year! #TeamThunder. The best part about it is, Westbrook wasn't even dialed in all game like he usually is. OKC is doing great things.
newjerseystephen::I like the Fisher addition,should add to the leadership during the finals,nice signing.
THUNDAboi77::so this is the team thats suppose to beat us in 7games in the finals??? lmao
bpardo95::Seems people already forget when Miami went to San Antonio and lost by 30 last year... only to follow up 2 weeks later and win by 30. No shame to losing a top 5 team away. You can keep your statistical anomalies and be happy about the several things that will not happen again. I will put my money on the fact that many of those things will regress back to the mean in a 7 game series.
newjerseystephen::According to the experts,the heat are that good and why is because of lebron James.I'm sick of lebron this,lebron that...Blah,blah,blah.That's why you have to love and respect Michael Jordan.
Alejandra7788::I'm mad I missed this game :\
sgant22::looks like the Heat missed it too
The Los Machine::Am I really reading on this page about Kevin Love being better then Kevin Durant? This is a joke, right?
crownmeking035::A big joke!!! Theres no comparison.. Maybe hes better in getting double doubles and rebounds but thats about it.
CheesyGritsAndEggs::Kevin Durant is officially the best player in the League right now. 2. Derrick Rose ( Although Injured ) 3. Lebron James (Terrible Night) 4. Kobe Bryant (Just Because it's never over till it's over) 5. Dwayne Wade (It's never over till it's over, sometimes) 6. Kevin Love  Honorable Mention, just because I want to add this dude to the list... James Harden (3 time most improved player, imho)
Khari9772::all of the players mentioned are currently playing in the national basketball association ? drose has the 1 ballot capability i am a heat fan but more so a professional basketball fan. I understand this is American freedom of  speech and all so I wont get to into it but... if you think that derrick rose is the best player statistically or whatever you must seriously only watch the game espn or tnt There is no way right now derrick rose is the best player. What hes played in a whole 30 or something games and hes better than mamba huh? the bulls will be lucky if they beat the heat i do not see them going 7 games with okc or the lakers thats all
CheesyGritsAndEggs::I'm a Heat Fan and I mostly watch the heat as much as i can. When the heat fall behind, Lebron starts depending on Joel, Chalmers, and Shane more so than Bosh or himself. Wade is always trying to bring the team back, but he gets careless with the ball sometimes. The Heat almost always forget abbout Bosh's jumper.
Khari9772::so let me get this right derrick rose is better than kobe bryant who will probably go down as the 2nd or 3rd best player of all time. lebron james 1st ballot hall of famer, dwayne wade 1s ballot hall of famer and kevin love possible multi-time all star/ Olympic superstar. whatever your taking should be prescribed over the counter for us all because thats the good
CheesyGritsAndEggs::I'm talking about right now, this season, leave your historical comments on espn classics. And, are you saying that Rose can't become a first ballot HOF, dude has already been the Leagues MVP and a "multi-time" All-Star.
CheesyGritsAndEggs::All Howard has over Love is blocking, that's all. Love is better at everything else.
CheesyGritsAndEggs::I put Rose above James and Wade because he plays hard all the time, which is why they have the better record,
CheesyGritsAndEggs::So, if they are 12-4 without Rose, that means they are 28-6 with Rose..
CheesyGritsAndEggs::Beating the Heat doesn't make them a better team without Rose. Golden State, the Clippers, Denver and Utah beat the Heat. Doesn;t make them the better team.
The Los Machine::Right @ Mike. They are what? 12-4 without Rose? Even beat The Heat without Rose. Rose is a beast but he's not top 5
ThisisM1ke::the bulls better record is a result of the defense the bulls play and their coach.
CheesyGritsAndEggs::Howard can't do anything without 2 decent players on his team.
hitterquiter::you're wrong. =)
CheesyGritsAndEggs::Haha, all I said was decent.
The Los Machine::Nelson is one of the worst point guards in the NBA lol come on now. These 3 point shooters are WIDE OPEN because of Howard.
CheesyGritsAndEggs::Jameer Nelson to penetrate and anyone who can shoot threes to keep the inside open.
The Los Machine::hahahahahahaha name these 2 decent players
The Los Machine::Kevin Love over Howard? Go watch baseball
ThisisM1ke::Rose is not better than wade,kobe, or lebron. Just by saying that it completely invalidates your list.
yung hawg44::well KOBE is actually number 1 just sayin
The Los Machine::I don't like The Heat. I hate Lebron but like/respect Wade. I live in Maryland so I'm for Durant all day. Rose just ain't better then Wade lol that's all im saying.
MKDEVI::I guess they don't matter now that KD is going to pass Lebron. Stay classy Heat fans.
The Los Machine::Dirk has that one and then got bounced in the first round by a 8th seed... And it wasn't even close
ThisisM1ke::steve nash has 2 mvps. Regular season mvp awards are a joke in general.
MKDEVI::haha Yeah the MVP isn't the MVP. What do I know?
The Los Machine::MKDEVI doesn't know anything about basketball lol
The Los Machine::Wade avg 26 a game in The Finals lol
ThisisM1ke::uh yeah he did. Check the stats. Did you even watch the finals?
MKDEVI::Yeah Wade did soooo much better against the Mavs
MKDEVI::Good to know you don't watch the Bulls play
The Los Machine::Try the every game in the eastern finals last year.
Khari9772::pahaaa derrick rosee pahahahha best player in the league how he cannot take over games he can only do acrobatic finishes gahh lee how can you be mvp and you cant stay healthy
MKDEVI::So one game?
ThisisM1ke::well I cant take you seriously after that comment. mkdevi
The Los Machine::Wade is way better. Rose can be shut all the way down, Just ask Lebron...And this is coming from a Lebron hater
MKDEVI::And having Wade ahead of Rose does the same to yours
gomez2114::Like I said b4 this team always chokes when it counts the most in big games and against good teams. Overrated!!! They got swamped on!! Stay tuned for more of this to come in the playoffs Heat fans! Get used to it!! James will choke once again ! bosh just gets lucky sometimes, and wade will just act like his usual self and make excuses! Go Heat!!!  Ha ha!!!!  Sorry a$$$ team!!!
gomez2114::dont worry u will this year!!
Khari9772::you sir are correct HEATNATION
The Los Machine::I didn't see The Thunder in The Finals last year
ThisisM1ke::Perkins is obviously still sore about this dunk. This is how you posterize. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YckTXZ3WjA0
pnut4ou::WOW!!! what a great dunk, but look at the score of that game on the video! Now, who is the loser
Makura74::Meh, Wade still got a taste of his boot.  Wade looked like the one who was butthurt.
Makura74::Great rejoinder.... typical Heat fanboy
ThisisM1ke::wrong that was actually your mom gargling my nuts
Makura74::Nope, that's you with LBJ and Wades nuts in the back of your throat.
ThisisM1ke::Perkins got a taste of wades nuts though
polocash::Not that I agree with this, but who makes the first " * " comment after the winner is crowned????
polocash::The losing fans or Phil Jackson??
Thunderjunky86::ok now I'm out lol
jeremylin2013allstarstarteroverrose::i respect u junky have a great day
Redskins534::please leave if you actually think love is better than durant
jeremylin2013allstarstarteroverrose::whos better love or durant
Redskins534::haha what a joke
jeremylin2013allstarstarteroverrose::love IS the best player in the nba
Thunderjunky86::if its now then LOVE only because his ability to rebound is just not seen in todays game besides a few and those few can't score like he can
Redskins534::Thunder junky isnt a true thunder fan
jeremylin2013allstarstarteroverrose::thank u about time someone gave correct answer
Redskins534::durant&gt;love
Thunderjunky86::CRAP i was going to leave till i seen this post lol        OKAY kobe NOW or in his prime????
jeremylin2013allstarstarteroverrose::hows kobe better he cant rebound like love
Thunderjunky86::well Im out . I have to go eat some lunch peace out REAL BASKETBALL FANS.
mintzerkj4eva::Y U NO think we real fan?
Redskins534::peace
polocash::You still can't put too much emphasis on a regular season game... the playoffs are a huge step up.. only the teams that can switch gears for the playoffs are successful...
polocash::Yes, unexpected injuries can ruin a good season also...
Redskins534::Spurs are classic example of that last year. Best record in NBA going into the playoffs and then lost first round to an 8 seed
Redskins534::Classic moment when D Wade was staring perk down after perks dunk. Perk would have whooped his a$$
Redskins534::good move on Perks part. Got a nice little kick to Wades face and then walked off acting all innocent. Love Perk
I Am The Legend Of The Hidden Temple::It's clear KG taught him well, after wade got in his face, Perk's hands go straight up lmao. Classic KG move.
Thunderjunky86::I like how perked just walked away. a year or to ago he would be in his face. I think perkins has evolved, since coming bcd from injury last year.
Thunderjunky86::I can't spell today lol
I Am The Legend Of The Hidden Temple::I was waiting for that fight. Perk TKO in the First Round lol.
Thunderjunky86::yeah i agree with eddie. has anyone else noticed a little fake fouling, dwade has been doing lately ? I said it before and i will say it again. "a great player goes for the easy fouls. a bad player will look for the fouls first.
prodigy0702::thats what i argue when people say that the thunder make it to the line to much, they are one of the best at attacking the basket and finishing shots so teams have to foul them
Thunderjunky86::no i agree i think he is a good player, but MAN what a faker
I Am The Legend Of The Hidden Temple::Lately? He's based his entire career off of it. Not saying he's a not a great player, but god.....
mintzerkj4eva::What does Jones have to do some for some more playing time. I mean, Miller is hurt right now, Come on Spo!
gmskking::Looks like Durant is also on his way to his third straight scoring title.
Redskins534::Ya and he is unselfish and only shoots like 19 times a game compared to Kobe who shoots around 25. Durant is unselfish and plays for the team first, but still is the best scorer in the NBA. He should definitely win MVP
Eddie18109::Surprisingly, this season has been pretty good with all the craziness in the lockout, I think the playoffs will be as good as last year, even better.
I Am The Legend Of The Hidden Temple::As a Celtics fan, can I just say after watching last night's game how much I really do miss Perk. We have no defensive presence anymore down low, but he's working incredibly well with OKC. Loved the foot to D-Wade's face last night lol.
Sonic_Sooner::At the time, I thought Wade undercut Perkins, and I was yelling for an and-one.  After watching the replay today, I know that it was unintentional for both players (Perkins didn't even know Wade was there - his eyes are on the rim, and Wade looks like he was coming over to cover Westbrook or take the ball out).  But when Wade squared up on Perkins, I thought it was ON.  And when he did the stare-down, he showed that we haven't seen the last of that episode.
polocash::Like James has done so many times in the past.. yea right!!
BIGGDOGG2425::King James can't hide his man hood no more!!! "Man or Mouse"
BIGGDOGG2425::Perk will be the reason the Heat will beat OKC in the Finals If they meet each other, because if you keep showing Miami that King James, D Wade, C Bosh are SOFT!!!  Then the Finals is the best place to prove your man hood.
I Am The Legend Of The Hidden Temple::Nobody is out-rebounding the Bulls lol.
Eddie18109::I am not sure man, the Bulls and the Spurs will be tough outs
prodigy0702::i said that when i saw wade bow up to him lol
Eddie18109::I am surprised he didn't cry for a foul, like he always does
Thunderjunky86::perkins can eat dwade lol.
prodigy0702::Wade got mad when if you look he was the one who ran into perkins foot
Thunderjunky86::It was priceless . I agree with you man i still wonder how that trade happened. we are lucky to have him bro . I always root for the celtics if my team goes nowhere
mintzerkj4eva::Who is Eddie Harden? Is that a nickname I don't know about?
Thunderjunky86:::)
Eddie18109::Yea, that was my fault lol
mintzerkj4eva::lol geez
Thunderjunky86::lol the post was for eddie and i forgot the comma
mintzerkj4eva::uh, okay
Thunderjunky86::eddie harden is not underrated bro. espn reported harden would be named to the all-star team if they would allow 3 players from one team. He is being nominated for sixth man of the year lol
polocash::You need a spark off the bench. Ginoboli for years was starting material, but took the role of the 6th man with no gripes.. Good team players when they look out for team vs themselves  first.
Eddie18109::LOL..my bad bro
Thunderjunky86::its cool :)
Redskins534::Even though James doesnt start, he still plays as many minutes as any starter. It is important to have that spark off the bench and Harden is the leader of the 2nd team.
Eddie18109::*James Harden, but I agree man, he is really good. A lot of teams don't have that third piece, and Ibaka is nasty too on d.
Thunderjunky86::eddie that post was for you bro that why it reads eddie harden
Thunderjunky86::they have too I always said they should put harden in sefeloshas spot But then your bench points would suffer greatly . I think it works out this way
prodigy0702::actually i think he has locked sixth man of the year I dont see another bench player put up the stats he has this year.
RunTheBall22::they do allow three from one team
I Am The Legend Of The Hidden Temple::And he'll run away with that award too. Not even close. He should be starting, but that's where they want him I guess.
mintzerkj4eva::This MVP race between James and KD is going to be tight all year.  Just hope Lebron doens't care about that at all. He already has two, and should only think about getting his first ring.
yung hawg44::never gonna happen hahahahaha
BIGGDOGG2425::That's his problem!!!!   He doesn't think about it when he should, because he's the best player in the game.  Michael Jordan wanted everything,The MVP and the Title, because he was the best player in the game when he played.
Thunderjunky86::don't get me wrong i respect the heat. But the west is obviously a much tufter conference . Just look at the win% . the heat do not play super tough teams night in and night out, and I truly believe it will hurt them. come around finals time look what happened last year.  I think they can obviously get to the finals but they only have chicago to get threw and thats NO easy task. the thunder would have to get threw teams like lakers, mavericks, SPURS, ETC. last night proved a big point that against good western conference inside defensive teams THEY WILL STRUGGLE
mintzerkj4eva::Hands down the West is harder to get throught but both Dallas and Miami got to the finals going 12-3.
Eddie18109::Durant and Westbrook are great, but James Harden is very underrated, if that guy plays d on lebron the way he did last night, they are going to be tough to beat.
polocash::Those two teams only have 2-3 legitimate scorers. the Spurs have been firing on all cylinders.. You can only stop 1-2, maybe 3...
Redskins534::James Harden is an amazing defender. He can make Kobe or Lebron his $@%!$@ any day
Eddie18109::I agree man, I am a Laker fan, but the Spurs have played really well and they do have the experience.
polocash::They do have to beat the Spurs before getting a chance at Heat again.. They have had a hard time with Spurs even when Spurs have been a man or two down.
Thunderjunky86::KD back to back scoring champion and all-star MVP future MVP. lebron wishes he had durant's  mom
mintzerkj4eva::Thats great but what does that have to do with their mothers
Los P.E.P.E.S::Credit the Thunder as I did right after the game yesterday.. They wanted it more and outplayed Miami.. With that being said I'm glad it happened now then for Miami to have a performance like this in the playoffs. Heat's bench  has to step up, they were horrible. Look forward to seeing this Thunder team down at the AAA on the 4th of April! One game doesn't define who truly is the better team and that is why there are 7 game series. No one is claimed NBA champion on March 25th.. One last thing, Durant has a beast game but why all the praise..? Lebron has been putting up those type stats all year other than the last 4 games..
Sonic_Sooner::Um, maybe the praise is because Durant put up those numbers AGAINST LeBron, while at the same time holding LeBron well below his averages?
tbest23::Some ESPN "expert" said the Heat were just coasting and waiting till the playoffs blah blah. Remember when Jordan and the Bulls were playing their 60th or 70th game like it was a game 7 finals? Therein lies the difference...
polocash::You coast the last 1-2 games maybe resting for playoffs. unless your seed is cemented in stone.. Spurs coated and won leaving at least 2 starters out of each of the last 3 including sitting big 3 one game each.. bench still pulled out wins..
mintzerkj4eva::lol comparing those Bulls teams to any team today is a crime.
mintzerkj4eva::They had to be a shame of that
I Am The Legend Of The Hidden Temple::LMAO, true dat. But I buy that point. That was not a team that was trying last night. That one Collison dunk when he got behind everybody....that's absolutely humiliating.
polocash::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JF-BrwRq_9o  Place your votes for how many steps it takes to make a 65'er. I count 3.5. Not even sure what a half is, but it sounds good. 2 more than allowed.
polocash::At least 2 refs watching him.. I guess they were making sure he was behind the 3pt line to miss the traveling call...
Thunderjunky86::wow so since everyone wants to compare hw much better KD is then James, I guess its safe to say that KD &gt; dwade
Redskins534::Kobe also shoots the ball 25 times a game. Durant shoots about 19
Thunderjunky86::ummmmmmmmmmmm 4 seasons lol and durant is back to back scoring champion and all-star MVP
mintzerkj4eva::He is a great scorer, who doesn't know that
I Am The Legend Of The Hidden Temple::Ok, lemme just settle this debate here. Kobe &gt; EVERYONE. Still.
mintzerkj4eva::No and No, have a lot of knee jerkers here reacting after one game.
I Am The Legend Of The Hidden Temple::My fav part of last nights game was Bron on offense mauling Sef in the paint and Sef gets the bogus defensive penalty. After the inbound, Sef steals the ball from Bron, runs downcourt and Bron gives Sef an And-1. Just awesome.
Khari9772::no it should have been you riding sefs nuts after 1 game
mintzerkj4eva::Of course I wanted Miami to win that game, but I said they were going to lose this one. I didn't even like when they said we are just going to treat this like another basketball game.  Have to get up more when playing KD, WB, etc  Still have this series going 1-1
Thunderjunky86::I liked d-wade until I grew up. then realized all he does is fake fake fake fouls and acts like a thug when he fouls others. even last night, check how many point dwade had and compare them to how many came from free throws. A great player goes for the easy fouls, a bad player LOOKS for the easy fouls
Chad-Todd::HATER DO YOU EVEN WATCH BASKETBALL
mintzerkj4eva::Basketball, Y U NO go through hoop more for Miami?
Thunderjunky86::priceless
Thunderjunky86::durant dominantes the heat FACT
Jai22T::DWade and LeBron travel more then the president...
I Am The Legend Of The Hidden Temple::D-Wade was almost as good as Vlade last night. Flopped whenever a guy breathed on him.
polocash::Not that it mattered in the end, but did anyone count the steps Wade took in his 3pt heave? I counted at least 3.. looking for replay..
shufelt::They stopped calling stars for traveling 25 years ago.
Gex.2::it looked like quite a few
jeremylin2013allstarstarteroverrose::like if you love steven A smith
peezyfreshbaby57::thts ASA9, ASA10, ASA11,ASA12 are u crazy???? YOU ARE SO DISRESPECTFUL
jeremylin2013allstarstarteroverrose::?
cheek241::haha...stephen a. always kills skip
I Am The Legend Of The Hidden Temple::How can you hate stephen A???
LeBron James in Overtime::what did you say? I can't hear you.
shufelt::As much as I enjoy watching Kevin Love play, he puts up some of those numbers because there's nobody else to help out on that team.  He'd never put up those same numbers on an elite team.  Tony Campbell once averaged 23.8 for the Wolves......went to a first-place Knicks team and averaged 7.7.  Love's numbers wouldn't regress that badly but you'd see an impact.
soonerbuzzy::Ya you're right there. But Love does have some game. I really enjoy watching him play. He is really good
