ZachC1965::Hope it goes better than the Lakers' closed-door meeting went...
Homesquid::"You've got to stick together and buy into what we're trying to accomplish and go from there,said Howard."  Coming from a guy with one foot out the door.
91Gmoney9009::Thats why he said you've and not we've
JC-Los Angeles::Winners win while trophy generation players pad their stats, demand trades and outline where they plan on taking their talents. The Magic should let the ringless Howard walk or agree to resign, if he walks, spend his cash on players who might actually win.
fliptide..::How are they going to do that, Nostradumbass?  <b>Oh, wait...make intelligent free agent signing and trade decisions?</b>  LOL!!!
Jaguarcrazyboy::Hey. pass me the pringles Dwight.  Shaq
DurantCity::http://games.espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=7hwx2qe  Come to LA, Dwight... we have cookies!
CbadLancer14::why in the hell would sacramento do that?
LAdude::My thoughts exactly.
rynodesign::Will Howard be cheered or booed this weekend. Orlando fans please let me know your feelings. Despite the Howard distractions the Magic's record isn't too bad.
c_more::he'll be cheered just as he has been cheered all season by the home fans.
DTangMF::cheered for sure
91Gmoney9009::We finally won a game! There should be a parade!
fliptide..::"There should a parade!"  You should RUN, not walk, to school, stat!
91Gmoney9009::thats a good one, how old are you?
jchris_snow::lol  I know right!
Rosinbaum55::Hawks= crap  Magic= crap  Hawks vs Magic = crappy game
fliptide..::FIRE OTIS SMITH AND STAN VAN GUNDY  ( not just terminate their employment, but actually SET FIRE TO THEM )
openminded43::And why even bother having a "players only" meeting, when this time next week this team could/will be totally different???
Bowfingeer::it makes it look like we care.....
openminded43::I got to see the first quarter and a half and they were dragging out there!!! But even playing 4 games in 5 nights on the road, SVG needs to use his young guys more!!!
fliptide..::Fire Stan Van Gundy and Otis Smith.
the702shogun::everybody thinks it, everybody sees it, i'm just gonna go out and say it and let the chips fly where they may. brace yourself, here it comes.  dwight is surrounded by too many white guys and the brothers he has are too soft. dwight's intensity is not even close to where it needs to be, and that is the perfect storm, for them getting bounced by the hawks and what's holding them back. there, i said it. do something otis
LAdude::I read the same thing about the Lakers earlier this year.  I did not realize how many white/black/whatever guys are on the Lakers, Magic or other teams.  I only realize talent and the Lakers and Orlando could both use some.
Magicmike321::Race has nothing to do with it...  I agree that they are too soft, which is funny coming from you since you have an old woman dog pic for your avatar.  Bringing race into this makes your comment STUPID
markpringle2003::Don't worry Orlando won't have to worry about Dwight after this year...or maybe sometime after the all-star break.
the702shogun::been a magic fan since the O-rena and i've said it before and i'll say it again, to be a magic fan, is to know pain. i'm losing confidence in otis and yes the coach is right, they don't play with enough heart. it's the magic way.  otis, go find a scorer and a real point guard already, put down the cream puffs and donuts man!
c_more::Jameer Nelson is trash water. he has been garbage ever since the 09 shoulder injury. one of the worst starting PG's in the NBA. if Orlando had even a mid-level PG this team would improve by leaps and bounds.
openminded43::Exactly!!! This team needs HEART, a PG and more young talent that are ATHLETES!!! Use the soon to come Howard trade to EMPTY THE TRASH and gain some of that!!!
Bowfingeer::fire Van Gundy, with his ridiculous screaming and stupid offensive schemes which obviously fail to work against any coach that slept in a Holiday Inn Express the previous night.
cchar042::Dwight needs to be putting up 15 shots a game, <b>at the very least</b>.
_______UVA________::how does your best player only take 7 shots? how does everyone in your starting lineup take more shots then your best player in less playing time?
Linfanticide::kobe for howard?
atlkee1787::ORL = Easy Work for the Hawks. No Joe, No Horford, No problem
azwildatz::I started betting on sports last year and tried a few pros for picks and never had any real luck. I stumbled upon a sports betting system called sportsbettingstar.com a few months ago. It is a 2 game betting system but I have won more money using this system than any other system I have tried so far. I am making the income of a part time job now just following this system. Thought I would share this if anyone out there is trying to find a betting system that actually works
Birdmann._.::the meeting was about dwight going bye bye
J-SMOOVE2023::really?
J-SMOOVE2023::Hawks get:  Dwight and Turk Magic get:  Horford, Hinrich, Marvin, Zaza, picks
MagicBoltzRays::you'd have to take Duhon too.
J-SMOOVE2023::fine, but that means we would have to send u guys pargo too
J-SMOOVE2023::I wish so badly that Dwight would come to the Hawks.  He is from Atlanta, his family lives there, he was a Hawks fan growing up, he is best friends with Josh Smith, and the crowd would back him 110%.
MagicBoltzRays::it's fun to dream.
mathboogs::Good to see another capacity crowd in Atlanta tonght................... dot...........
MagicBoltzRays::14K fans showed up tonight. gotta love that fan support in Atlanta.
MagicBoltzRays::who cares about the bucs?
falconsfan0125::Thats more than the combined total for every Bucs home game in the past 3 years.
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::I like how Jeff Teague show Poney's with floaters etc.. when he plays a team without there main Point Guard or a sucky point guard, but when he faces someone thats half decent like Jrue Holiday he hides with he's tail between his leggs.
MagicBoltzRays::Pretty sure one hawks fan said they were a top three team in the east because they won 2 games against the Magic by a combined 7 points. LMFAO.
Ruby6381::its sad for any team to score 2 points in 10 minutes...
JRPH223::I think Magic need to trade Howard alone. Do not attach Turkoglu to it. NBA trade machine makes it difficult to pull off.
MagicBoltzRays::Howard isn't going anywhere unless Turk goes with him.
Dane Kitazaki::last game for howard as a magic.  they just wanted him to stay since the all-star game is in orlando
MagicBoltzRays::uh no?
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::did u see the part where they called a charge and then changed to a block yup Atlanta pays there reffs good money to be bias, it should be that way for the home team pity Orlando reffs give every call to the other team.
dudemanbro2::lololol that WAS a charge so to be blunt....... the refs GOT IT RIGHT for the first time in ATL Hawks games history
dash2k4::Oh, where art thou when we need you, our beloved 3-pointer?  Why can't Orlando realize that the 3 is not their solution!? Their stubbornness is maddening.
mathboogs::Hedo: 1-9 from three. Yay!
JRPH223::What is with the Magic? Why can they not beat Atlanta? Talk about another first round exit.
mathboogs::One word: luck... Or, maybe the word is defense. They defend the 3 very well and keep the picker from heading to the basket easily. That pretty much takes away anything the Magic do offensively. Yep, the word is definitely defense.
MagicBoltzRays::what about all the wide open 3's we missed? that isn't luck?
MagicBoltzRays::cause Atlanta is extremely lucky. they will lose in the 1st round to anybody.
MagicBoltzRays::It's funny how the hawks actually try so hard to beat the Magic, but then SUCK against everyone else. 1 and done in the playoffs for the Hawks.
atlkee1787::Doesn't look like they have to try too hard to me. They just beat ORL without Johnson or Horford. LoL...... ORL = Easy work for the Hawks
naddarians::Raymond Felton is funny   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esjMpny3r44
naddarians::Rayyyyyyyyyymond Feelttooooooooooooon
naddarians::Kevin Garnett is a $@%!$@%
naddarians::DREAM TEAM: Steve Blake                            Matt Bonner                            Brian Scalabrine        Sixth Man: Rashard Lewis cuz thats how he rolls                            Brian Cardinal                            Troy Murphy
mathboogs::You spelled boner wrong.... wait, I mean Bonnar
naddarians::Maryland is the greatest state in the U.S Cali is good too
naddarians::Rashard Lewis Froze all the boards so you would come here and hear his proposition to the magic  He says he is willing to come back and play for them
tenthousandlakes1966::Except for Howard, Orlando has NO TALENT.
dash2k4::The same Kobe got destroyed 100-85 earlier today. Barely over .500.
naddarians::Kobe &gt; Rashard Lewis &gt; KG &gt; Tim Duncan &gt; DH &gt; Lebron james
naddarians::Rashard Lewis has Swag
naddarians::"Drainin Threes From Long Range thats what i do" - Rashard Lewis
naddarians::If i had Rashard Lewis's agent i would be making 15 mil on the magic right now thanks to Otis smith and his great scouting
naddarians::Rashard Lewis is the second highest paid player by his team this year that means he is the second best player in the NBA only kobe is better KG is equal but KG is a $@%!$@%
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::How about this trade Daniel Orton Hedo Turkoglu JJ Redick for Derrick Rose   the bulls get a great young center and a shooting guard that they need and a solid scoring small foward seems fair
naddarians::How bout this D12 for Rashard Lewis and John Wall
naddarians::If the Magic still had Rashard Lewis they would be on top of the eastern conference standings
naddarians::Rashard Lewis is a part time magicion/wizard thats why he played for the magic and now the wizards
falconsfan0125::Magic fans, What were y'all saying again?
atler5264::They were bickering with excuses. Magic fans suck!
naddarians::Rashard Lewis is a MVP every franchise  that lets him leave falls apart  The Sonics after he left they had to move to a new city th fanbase and team was so horrified at the prospect of playing w/o Rashard  The Magic after Rashard left they couldnt even beat the hawks in the playoffs and still cant beat them  The wizards Rashard will lead them to glory unless they let him leave
Rosejuly84::WHOS THIS YEAR TOP DRAFT PICK? IM CURIOUS..ALL I KNOW ITS ONE WEAK DRAFT
naddarians::Rashard Lewis is always on top
jbilancione::Anthony Davis...Harrison Barnes...Jared Sullinger...the guys who will be at the top in a better draft would be late rd picks...
naddarians::Rashard Lewis is a 3 point Wizard
naddarians::Wizards do magic
jbilancione::talkin bout when he was a Magic man...
naddarians::Wizards do Mysterious things
jbilancione::scammed my team for big money...and then hungout on the wing and showed his deteroriating skills...
DTangMF::are you Rashard Lewis?
