FredPE1965::HESPURAWILL … “Irving &gt; Lin, and i respect the rockets.”    Let’s look at the last Jan 5, Rockets / Cavaliers game:  		MIN	FGM-A	3PM-A	AST	STL	TO 	PF	PTS Kyrie	41	10-24	3-8		6	4	8	2	30 LIN		38	7-13		3-5		5	1	4	5	20  			FGM 	3PM		AST/TO Kyrie		42%		38%		0.75 Lin			54%		60%		1.25  If you look at the percentages and ratio, Lin looks pretty good compared to Kyrie.  If Lin had 24 FG attempts like Kyrie, he would have made 6 more points. And if he had 8 3p attempts just like Kyrie again, he would have made 6 more points as well. This would bring Lin’s total point up to 32 points which compares well against Kyrie’s 30. I’m sure Kyrie will outscore Lin because I don’t think Lin would have so many touches with Harden on the court.  Kyrie had 3 more steals and Lin may foul out if he had more touches.  Sure, Kyrie is better, but I don’t think Lin is all that bad either. The good thing is, Lin is improving at a fast rate. You could almost see it from one game to the next.
YaImFromCleveland::I was at the game!  Awesome PG match up
borednsleepy::when there is no basketball there is royce white.sigh..
NewAges::Wow! Greg Smith is doing nice jobs.....Rockets should make him backup Asik
lalatorre87::espn analyzes are saying rockets will end up as as the 4th seed in the west behind OKC, SPurs, and clips... very good for such a young team
DuaneXC::I'd be thrilled to make the playoffs...But yes, "playoffs, playoffs, are you kiddin' me?"  Nope!
letstlhk::Nice road win for the ROCKETS
thyshakes::With the exception of OKC and Spurs, Rockets won against many good teams over .500.
here2win08::Nothing to be excited about.. they're beating team which they're suppose to beat.
DuaneXC::I'm sorry but, the second half of a back-to-back is difficult no matter who you play...not to mention when it's road.  Team appears to be turning the corner on the road.
sealtrader::W is a W is a WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
Dezagcoog::so according to you then?
here2win08::Did you look up Cavs' record? 4 wins? 2 wins? Yeah...
Dezagcoog::supposed to according to who? No one expected this before the season, nor during the preseason or even when the season started.
CAMBO.RAMBO::If the Lakers want to win another NBA championship, they need to trade Kobe Bryant for Jeremy Lin.
thyshakes::Fake fan.
Dezagcoog::It's all one guy..
here2win08::How are you going to win a NBA Championship with Steve Nash and Jeremy Lin playing PG?  Lakers are done with or without Bryant.
Swish3And1::No way. Rockets don't need Kobe. Rather keep Lin. Keep the team chemistry.
knoxsouthy01::Patterson was a steal for the rockets.   Houston's moves of getting harden lin and patterson have really paid off so far.   Houston definitely has a shot a that 4th spot.
DuaneXC::I like how everyone was so mad at Morey when Lin and Asik were signed...
thyshakes::I think it is awesome that Patterson and Morris are completely exchangeable meaning they both play well and can shoot.
Dezagcoog::though one is more of a mid range guy vs the other is more of a long range guy. So it lends us even more depth.
NguyenDragon::We drafted Patterson... He finally playing up to expectations...
JLinNASA::Cleveland played tough tonight.  Irving was fantastic for them.  At least, Rockets beat a team that they are supposed to beat.   Go ROX!
thyshakes::Lin played good D.  Irving just a good pt with lethal scoring skills.  Stats doesn't show everything.  When you carry a team, you have to take bad shots and take more chances because there are simply no other options at times.
here2win08::10-24 is fantastic shooting? Ha!
NewcastleFanVL::And 8 TOs too.
NguyenDragon::Rockets are rebuilding so they are not "supposed" to beat any team... I am glad that they are though...
69durango::i know this is no great revelation.....but HARDEN is really an All Star. Lin is developing into a good player.  Should be very good next year. Asik is solid and slowly progressing as well. If I were a Rockets fan i'd be pretty excited.
thyshakes::With most amount of salary room, they can also afford to bring in another good player.
NguyenDragon::They are finally fun to watch... Morey after all these years is finally doing something right...
Dezagcoog::He was always doing things right, he just never got the chance to get the superstar he needed until this year.
Jkhuang12::Impressive win by the Rockets, Harden is as deadly as ever and Lin is getting better, he is slowly and surely finding the touch that made him the NYC sensation last season.  Tag team of Lin &amp; Harden has been very entertaining to watch and deadly as well.  In addition with these 2, the rest of the Rockets are playing well with Lin at points.  Rockets is on a raise right now, could be a dark horse in the West, just speculation, but the Rockets had certainly beat some very tough teams this season.  Great to see the Rockets is entertaining again!!
here2win08::If Lin can develop that outside shot, look out!
ReggieHeaven::Uh-oh, Rockets have quietly become the most explosive and entertaining team in the league.  Did I just see Jeremy Lin outplay Kyrie Irving? James Harden most talented of the OKC big 4.
DuaneXC::Harden &gt; Westbrook, yes but, not Durant.  That said, Harden is a great fit here and the team appears to be gelling quickly.
lalatorre87::hua?
lalatorre87::hanson?
LP4TTU::As a Rockets fan I love James Harden, and he is an incredible player.  But to say that he is better than Durant at this point would just be foolish.
NguyenDragon::Yeah... I would take KD any day...
taa2008::Eh, Clippers still look like the most explosive and entertaining team in the league, Lin maybe played with Irving (having a better team overall helps Lin), and Durant still is the most talented of the OKC big 4 (but he is a genetic freak of nature, kinda like Lebron).
Frank_Einstein1921::Tristan sure has been impressive with Varejao out.  Maybe the Cavs should look into trading Varejao after all.
...cat123::Trade Varejao for Gasol
-ThinkMcFlyThink-::Hopefully you mean Marc and not Pau
rm90025::Rockets were impressive in winning these 2 games back to back on the road.  Harden/Lin create big matchup problems for other teams. Lin hit 3 three point shots tonight.  If he continues to be a legitimate threat as a spot up shooter, it is going to help his game enormously.  I watch a lot of NBA basketball, and what I see in the Rockets is a team that wants to get something out of every possession.  Compare that to this year's Lakers, and you can see how a less talented team could have a better record.  Every player on the Rockets has something to prove and they all seem to know that if the team succeeds they will each benefit.  This looks like a team that is headed to the playoffs.  I could see the Rockets beating Memphis, San Antonio or even the Clippers in the playoffs..anyone but OKC.
TomNishikawa::LIn, the PG is a spot up shooter??? something is wrong with this Rockets team.   They wont go far in the playoffs with that kind of system. PG is left out as a spot up shooter?????  Wait untill Spurs or Oklahoma destroy Rockets in the first round.   Don't be excited beating a bottom team.
Jkhuang12::Its not about beating a low rank team, people are excited because for the past 2 or 3 seasons, Rockets had not been as entertaining as this year's team, we are excited because they are entertaining to watch and if they continue to play this, they can certainly be a dark horse in the West.  Rockets were one of the worst team in the league last 2 seasons, therefore for them to have their current record, of course people of Houston are excited.  They are fun to watch!  Nowaday its more fun to watch a Rockets game than a Knicks game.
TomNishikawa::If your SG, Harden plays the role of PG, where does that leave your PG, LIn???   a spot up shooter. Do you think this is the right system??? Spurs or Oklahoma will always destroy Roclets will always destroy the one dimensional offense the Rockets posess.   Don't be too happy beating the bottom tier teams.
The Real Andre Herring::"Some of those steals were probably Lin's!"  -Thirsty Lin fans
vonsteve6868::Great job Rockets. Winning on the road on a back to back is never easy.
daspot::I just want to avoid OKC and SA regardless...the Rockets can beat the Grizzlies or Clippers in a 7-game series. It will be IMPOSSIBLE for them to beat the Spurs or Thunder. If the path is one were neither are first round opponents...the Western Conference Finals are possible (if not probable).   Get OKC or SA in the first round...gonna get bounced FAST.
vonsteve6868::I'm getting a little greedy here, but I wonder if these team could make a push for the 4 spot. That might be tough but it's a goal worth shooting for.
NewcastleFanVL::From jan 8th thru 12th, Rox will play 4 games(3 away) on 5 nights, I hope they can at least break even, GO ROX !!!
H-Town Dream Shake::I'm just worried about the Clips game. They will get Asik and G Smith in foul trouble early trying to defend.
NewcastleFanVL::Not to worry, we got the stamina advantage since the Clips gotta play Memphis the night before.
YogaBeer::So whom are the Rockets going to draft in 2013?
daspot::The NBA Draft classes are ALMOST NEVER Deep.
KeriTheCreoleTexan::too early to tell. This draft class isn't deep.
H-Town Dream Shake::Give us some options.
H7.14Rockets::Well I'm off. See y'all at the Lakers-Rockets game!
anti900::Peace
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::later man.  I'm off too.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::Real reason Jeremy Lamb was traded: Too confusing for the announcer/broadcasters differentiating Jeremy Lin and Jeremy Lamb.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::i didnt like a leg of lamb playing for the rockets anyway!
ScrewedUpTexan713::LOL @dmorey "Houston sports FTW today!"
H7.14Rockets::Really wish we kept Jeremy Lamb though. He's one of my favorite players off college and he would've done wonders as a back-up.
daspot::No disrespect but all yall complaining about he Draft picks don't KNOW the NBA. Otherwise you would realize how poorly most teams draft and the traditional lack of "can't miss" talent.   Besides that...they are also semi-protected - Toronto's Top 3 and the Dallas pick Top 20. And the idea that Kevin Martin and Jeremy Lamb was enough for a James Harden is laughable considering what he had already done in this league. Houston got a legitimate young All-Star talent for a guy in his last year, an unproven rookie who was hardly "can't miss" and a couple Draft picks that "only God knows" what will become.  Morey isn't a genius...believe that. Here's a guy who traded Rudy Gay (obvious talent) for Shane Battier (obvious role player) among other bad moves. All NBA GMs miss REGULARLY. He didn't miss here tho. Asik and Lin were solid pickups too.
anti900::Cook=Waived Aldrich=Trash
anti900::Aldrich is just a hired goon. best use: Hard foul superstar
H7.14Rockets::Aldrich is a bust. I knew he would be a bust since the day I watched him play at the tourney for Kansas.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::Aldrich does nothing but foul.  Ughh.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::I feel like the Rox overpaid, especially to a team that HAD to make a decision on Harden.  Martin and Lamb should've been an equal trade for Harden especially with Martin's production and Lamb's potential.  Draft picks also?  Eesh.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::I really think they have a shot at locking up the 6th seed.  Looking at all the teams fighting for the lower spots, I feel like the Rox are better than all of them.  I can't count out the Lakers though...never count out Kobe.  They'll get at least 8th seed for sure.
ScrewedUpTexan713::yup !
H7.14Rockets::At this pace, we actually might. This is a better roster than the last 2 seasons and we fought for the #8 seed.
ScrewedUpTexan713::if the Rockets make the playoffs i think its worth it
H7.14Rockets::Yeah 2 first round picks? Ridiculous.
Destruct0id::OKC isn't stupid, Lamb got alot of potential
H7.14Rockets::There still could've been other ways to make that trade without sending Lamb off but I guess the trade we did was the most appealing.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::I wish we could've sent them White instead of Lamb.
Destruct0id::Rockets got 3 flavors of PF  Inside-Greg Smith Mid-Range- Patterson Long Range- Morris  Now if only we can combine them together....
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::the only rookies rockets have are demo and machado whoi always come out in garbage time ...what r u guys watching!!! t Jones is d league, Lamb was traded and Royce White went AWOL!
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::Terrence Jones has no shot to speak of..
H7.14Rockets::By the way, anyone hear why Terrence Jones isn't part of the rotation yet? Is it because he's not NBA-ready?
ScrewedUpTexan713::yea every thing is clicking right now with Lin Harden and Asik eating boards Parsons doing the little things and the bench adding a punch
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::the formula right now is working so I think he's afraid to mess that up.  He's figured out a way to rotate the guards and now the forwards.  Last thing he's gonna do is put in the rookies.  Garbage time is all they'll get which they haven't gotten much of.
H7.14Rockets::ScrewedUpTexan713 - its is 2nd yr though I think  True.
ScrewedUpTexan713::its is 2nd yr though I think  he was in the D league last yr then showed good things in preseason and hasnt looked back
H7.14Rockets::I get that McHale doesn't trust rookies, but Greg Smith is getting a good amount of minutes. Although he's undrafted.
ScrewedUpTexan713::probley cause the players in front of him are just playing better
Destruct0id::Rockets always send their rookies to the D league to develop first
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::Mchale REALLY doesn't like playing rookies.  Expect to see him and Dmo more next year.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::Greg Smith is happy just to be producing!
H7.14Rockets::I freakin' love Patterson.
NewcastleFanVL::He needs to produce more above the rim plays.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::me too he has a feathery touch from mid distance...wish he could be tougher though..
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::Patterson is heating up from 3 point land!
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::Greg Morrison
H7.14Rockets::Lmao, that PF would be unstoppable.
ScrewedUpTexan713::Asik didnt really play like Asik today cause he left the game for alittle bit
YogaBeer::Miss match maybe?
NewcastleFanVL::Asik wasted lots of Lin's passes under the basket game in game out, Tyson would have struck gold with those assists , smh...
Jason Stone Lee::Asik, Patterson, Smith need more concentration to catch Lin's pass when they under hoop, and finish with dunk. They waste Lin's assis 3-4 each night. Some they get foul and FT.
woodylamb::Lin likes to hard pass to guys under hoop. Asik needs to get used to it.
Phatepiclewts::Houston needs a good PF for pick and rolls, the 4 position is where they're weakest.
rEdBuLxTaSy::SERIOUSLY I MISS THOSE CLASSIC ALLEY OOPS BY TYSON.  ASIK GOT SOME BUTTERFINGERS :):):)
H7.14Rockets::Dream signing for the off-season: LaMarcus Aldridge.  He's exactly the type of player we need in this team. God, imagine our backcourt with him at the interior.
Jkhuang12::This is why Shaquille O'neal never made it to the Rockets roster, even with Olajuwaan retired, Rockets never considered signing Shaq.  The best choice this team had made.
ScrewedUpTexan713::would great but Portland already said nope !
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::agreed, Portland is up and coming as well.  They'll probably be playoff bound next year.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::i think a complementary low key player is best for this team.  No big egos, unselfish guys.  One BIG reason I wouldn't be thrilled with Howard.
H7.14Rockets::Well considering that we have a rich history of having classy, legendary Centers... I guess Howard would be a no-go.
H7.14Rockets::Anyone else gonna move on to the Lakers board?
Jkhuang12::LAL vs Rockets come on guys, with the ways the Lakers playing right now, Rockets will easily pick them apart.  Its going to be a blowout, its not going to be closed.
sportsfan1014::Clippers borad you mean? no Lakers game tonight
H7.14Rockets::Eh, 3 days. I can wait. Haha.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::man that is days away.
H7.14Rockets::Lakers vs Rockets board.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::I'm out guys,  Like and thumb me up NOW!!
5856Rach::Harden is good except:........  He should pass the ball when he was double / triple-teamed,  He should not  always let the other 4  teammates stand there &amp; watch him dribble and beat the buzzer. He should pass the ball to whoever most likely to score.
rEdBuLxTaSy::OMG FINALLY SOME PEOPLE ARE WAKING UP TO THEIR SENSES...CALL ME A LOF FOR ALL I CARE LOL :):):)
NguyenDragon::He needs to learn to trust his teammates more... Maybe with time...
rEdBuLxTaSy::AND THAT EXPLAINS WHY THE ROX LOST TO THEM TWICE LOL :):):)
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::dude you dont know what you are talking about, im sorry but Harden is our best player and this is not the San Antonio Spurs!
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::the problem is Harden is most likely to score so how can you not like that?!?!
ScrewedUpTexan713::I dunno he went iso with harden and did some cold booded shots to win the game and i aint got a problem with that
H7.14Rockets::It's not hard to pass 5 or 6 times every game. The matter of fact is, he can sometimes play dumb basketball.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::coaches are oblivious when it comes to Harden though.  When Sampson was at the helm he said a dangerous quote.  Something to the effect of "If your best player isn't shooting the most, something is wrong"......when I heard that I thought uhh......definite coaching problem.
ScrewedUpTexan713::I think ya reading to much into it he passes it all the time thats why the Rockets are 6th in ast cause the team passes the ball
H7.14Rockets::We got 2 other scoring options. Hell, Asik can be a bully in the paint. Pass the damn ball if you're part of the backcourt. It's getting annoying. McHale needs to fix that for Harden.
ScrewedUpTexan713::he does pass the ball he always have like 6 or 7 ast ..except today
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::the scenario being discussed is when the clock is winding down and he chooses to charge like a bull instead of making the smart play.  It's the only knock on him so far.
sportsfan1014::sounds like Kobe &amp; Melo
Jkhuang12::........... not Kobe and Melo a HELL YEAH.  The only difference between Kobe and Melo is, under pressure Kobe knows how to create shots for himself, on the other hand Melo will just force himself to shoot 3 and he complaints too much.  If I am a coach, I believe in Kobe shooting the last possession, but I will never believe Melo taking the last shot in a million years.
NewcastleFanVL::Can't agree with you more buddy !
H7.14Rockets::Seriously, I hate it when he tries to play iso against 2 defenders.
raymondlneighbors@comcast.net::I am so glad we got Harden instead of Howard or Gasol.
fred3857::Back-up C is the most.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::the only way to get him is when he cant shoot due to a fractured hand?  i dont like your logic , mister!
H7.14Rockets::I want LMA, pronto.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::kevin love's career is in jeopardy due to a fractured hand..initially broken from doing knuckle pushups..uhh, i dont want Love no more..hrmpfh!!
NguyenDragon::Maybe that is the only way we can get him... Its odd that whenever a player is unhappy things happens...
H7.14Rockets::OR, we can sign two good FAs since we have enough cap space to sign a player for max contract. Stack up our bench and starters... we do need a back-up SG right now.
H7.14Rockets::And let's not forget, Howard coming to Rockets is highly possible still.
H7.14Rockets::Depends. Our GM isn't the normal GM you see in sports. We're talking about Morey lol.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::he can always choose to give up and not play well at all.  Who do you think will be let go first, a star player or an OK coach?
H7.14Rockets::You really think he's going to act up against a hard-nosed coach like McHale? I doubt it.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::not sure if his toxic personality is worth it.
H7.14Rockets::When our defense is that bad, I'm okay with him as our Center.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::howard has a bad back and no skills..who wants that?!
H7.14Rockets::We have enough cap to sign another player for a max. I'm assuming that we're going to trade 2 of our PFs and sign a decent scorer to a relatively, agreeable contract.
H7.14Rockets::Definitely. Back-up PG and Centers are what we need to be complete.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::we definitely have a lot of trade bait.  I think top of the list are starting PF, back up C, and back up PG.
H7.14Rockets::Our PF situation isn't that bad because our PFs aren't playing like a bunch of scrubs. But we have 5 PFs right now and wasting roster space for other positions like SG.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::Morris AND patterson?? i like both right now..
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::If the PF situation wasn't so bad, I'd say get a better center.  Clearly the PF position is the weakest though.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::don't be too happy....this offseason morey might pull the trigger...Rox need at least one more guy to be contenders and he might be tempted.
NguyenDragon::I say wait for Kevin Love...
01.02.2013::Howard not coming to Rox was a blessing in disguise
H7.14Rockets::Dude don't even mention Gasol. Imagine what would've happened if we traded our young and core players for a struggling Gasol.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::the funny thing is we woulda gave up Martin for Gasol and glad we didnt coz we needed martin to get Harden..
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::we didnt get him instead of the others..we got him in lieu of the others..
vsdunderscore69::Hey guys, why did Kyrie have 8 turnovers tonight? Is he good? If he is a good point guard, how would you score him? Kyrie
Do7o3::I just think in a super fast paced game like the Rockets play, certain amount of turn-overs is to be expected. How many is subject to debates..
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::turnovers are part of the game especially from a guard's perspective!
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::no comment..you saw what he did tonight 30 points..i would say 30 points is a good player..doh!
raymondlneighbors@comcast.net::I would say on the come with a bad roster.  If he does not get help he may never develop properly.
ScrewedUpTexan713::I like this Harden mix song goes with him too ..  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-aUsFV7FFc
raymondlneighbors@comcast.net::I take what I said about Kobe back he is shooting 48% which is a career high.  If you shoot that good you can take as many shots as you want.
01.02.2013::yes
raymondlneighbors@comcast.net::did he not win a couple of titles without Shaq?
H7.14Rockets::Say what? Check his stats at the finals. He was destroying Orlando and arguably single-handedly.
Hank10593::That was when Gasol was playing like all star. Gasol should be the MVP in 2009 in the finals. Kobe did not show up in the finals.
01.02.2013::I still don't think it's Kobe's fault for the lake's season....he just doing his thing as he always has been. Gasol and Howard are to inconsistent and dare I say it - soft
Jkhuang12::Finally an honest honest opinion!!
Hank10593::you gotta lead your team instead of just worrying about getting your own points. Kobe sucks as a leader. When Shaq left, he couldn't even lead the lakers into the playoffs.
Jkhuang12::How about the Heat, after winning the 2006 Champ, Shaq is still in the roster, and they were humiliated by the Bulls, if you said Kobe is not a great leader than Shaq is a fat &amp; ugly maid who follows his master all day!!  The only 2 players I hate in the NBA are Shaq and "ShitsMelo" Anthony!!
H7.14Rockets::Yes he did. How can you forget 2005-2006?
raymondlneighbors@comcast.net::If i was Kobe I would walk away.  He has done plenty for a long time in LA.  No reason to be associated with the basket case Howard.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::he won't have to.  No way Howard is being re-signed there with the way he's playing and the way team is playing.
01.02.2013::agreed.  howard is to overly sensitive...
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::but he is a volume shooter and lakers lose when he scores 40 or more..enuff said!
raymondlneighbors@comcast.net::but if you hit half of your shots volume shooting is good.  AI used to shoot 35% and had to hoist 30 shots to score 30 points a game.
01.02.2013::lakers are in a cluster faq of a situation...not sure how they're going to resolve it
Hank10593::CP3 is torturing the Warriors. 10/12 with 27 pts and 9 assists. He is the best pg in the league without a doubt.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::who doubted it?
Hank10593::10/12 shooting with 27 pts 9 assists and 0 turnovers? I don't think any pg other than CP3 can put up those numbers.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::when I say "numbers" I was talking about points and assists.  Numbers that most pay attention to.  My mistake.  I apologize.  Is that enough?  Geez...
CooterMcgee::Tomic-the-tank-Engine - ughh, fine.  FG% AND TO rate.  I didn't think I had to mention also.  Of course that's obvious.  ...then Westbrook isn't putting up those numbers...
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::ughh, fine.  FG% AND TO rate.  I didn't think I had to mention also.  Of course that's obvious.
Hank10593::Westbrook is shooting at 40% dude, he will never have 10/12 shooting night.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::like I said, Westbrick can put up those numbers but has 6 TO's.  Paul's TO rate is what sets him apart.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::couple of PGs put up those numbers but his TO rate and assist to TO rate really stand out for me as to why he's the best PG in the league.  Frankly, high TO's are "normal"....he's abnormal with how few TO's he has.  Such a beast.
01.02.2013::So is Royce white still getting paid?
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::nope..he cant  he isnt even showing up..what a moron..he might sit for ever..i hope he does or rockets trade him to a team who will bus him..d league can hold him..this is what black people do to white people now..haha according to him anyway..
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::Yes, being signed means you get paid.  9 players total not on the roster but on the payroll lol.  Good to be a Houston Rocket.  I think he's getting fined though.  The team doesn't even get that money back, they have to donate his money to charity.  I think.
5856Rach::1.6 million.
01.02.2013::wow
ScrewedUpTexan713::good thing Rockets dont play till tuesday gotta get that rest
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::Lin needs to do more rehab too and Mchale needs to coach em up in practice..and James Anderson gets his first practice..
123abc456xxy::LIN HATER---------------------------------------------&gt; RED94-----------------------------------------------------------&gt;
123abc456xxy::ROYCE WHITE THINKS IS HE A PRO AND DONT NEED PRATICE  WANT TO JOIN THE ROCKETS RITE AWAY. SO HE JUST MAKING UP ALL THESE EXCUSE TO NOT PLAY..I BET IF THE ROCKETS SAY HE WILL PLAY THE HOLE GAME ,I BET HE FLY THERE RITE AWAY.
rEdBuLxTaSy::POOR ROYCE...WISH THEY WOULD LET ME FLY FOR HIM :):):)
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::he refused D league assignment..he is an assassination bait just like Lincoln was..
Do7o3::Lin had a much better game tonight. Much better than last night vs. Bucks. Helped a lot when Harden was not at his A game first half.  Interesting though for this Rockets team. Seems like Harden is the only most consistent member.  Defino was on fire last night, then so so tonight, for example.
raymondlneighbors@comcast.net::exactly.
vankenn::If harden didn't came to Houston, I think lins number would double easily
AndyisSuave::I'd say 18-16 but yeah
m_gunners::but they won't be 20-14 for sure...16-18 maybe
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::redBul is a Lin-only fan
rEdBuLxTaSy::I HOPE YOU'RE JOKING...OTHERWISE YOU'RE AN IDIOT :):):)
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::You'd think that after 7 years, Delfino would be most consistent.....nope.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::relax...why are you jumping on me? Just a thought...
rEdBuLxTaSy::AND SOME PEOPLE WANTED LIN TO DO IT HIS FIRST YEAR AS A STARTER LOL :):):)
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::he is streaky..why would Milwaukee not offer him a contract otherwise..use your head..
vankenn::Because harden shoot 100 times a night, of course 10 will go in lol
Do7o3::What I meant is that, for example, within the shot limits, I would like to see Lin to score 15- 20 points a game consistently.  But he has not been able to do that.
vankenn::Calm down, was just joking
raymondlneighbors@comcast.net::You are a moron.  Look at his shooting percentage for the year compared to say Kobe.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::I hear hypnosis is effective for some people.  Someone can't just hypnotize White?  Or at least drug him before every flight?  Problem solved.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::he should ask his tattooist what to do,,,
anti900::Why Irving shoot 10/24?
vsdunderscore69::As an owner of the franchise, I would hire Raymon Felton as a point guard for the Cavs.
vsdunderscore69::Kyrie sucks you know it too right? 8 turnovers machine.  His average assists per game about 3.  Bad!
raymondlneighbors@comcast.net::Who else is going to shoot.  He is all they have.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::T-Mac used to do it all the time and noone raised a brow..
raymondlneighbors@comcast.net::Royce Whit is worthless.  He can go to the D-League and ride a bus until he is in shape.  Then work on arrangements.  Instead he Twitters and says he is not being worked with.
bbears88::The guy twice plead guilty to theft.  I'd say three times if you count the Rockets...
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::If you ever want to feel depressed, just start reading his twitter.  Holy crap I wanted to just shoot myself.  Nothing but whining about his anxiety.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::you get the feeling he draws charcoal paintings during his free time....and right now he has a lot.
ScrewedUpTexan713::tired of the crap he talks about ..lol
USMC5005::That's too bad.  This whole situation will ruin it for future players with anxiety problems.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::anyone with any non-bball related issues in fact.  Emotionally unstable, frequent depression, anxiety, all will make teams think twice from now on.
ScrewedUpTexan713::He dont even want to go to the D league lol
ScrewedUpTexan713::maybe his doctors should take him lol
5856Rach::He claimed that his doctor told him not to.
vsdunderscore69::Kyrie sucks! 8 turnovers are noted with couple assists. Fact. He needs to go.
YogaBeer::smh    one bad game
vsdunderscore69::No sarcasm. Fact ! Kyrie needs to go to the Sacramento King or New Orleans.  8 turnovers machine.
FadeBackShoot2Points::sarcasm?
vsdunderscore69::The caV would trade Kyrie to the Sacramento King or New Orleans because he is a turnover machine.
ChicagoSingh::irving will look nice in a Miami jersey.
sportsfan1014::make it 2 hours special this time
Destruct0id::Warriors are down by 30 against the Clippers, smh.
sportsfan1014::moneyball is broken tonight..
123abc456xxy::raymondlneighbors@comcast.net No. The Rockets are not good enough this year to beat OKC.   YOU NEVER KNOW IT UNLESS  WHEN THE TIMES COMES. DONT UNDERESITMATE  THE HEART OF A CHAMPION!
raymondlneighbors@comcast.net::Lin is a defensive liability and not a good set shooter which hurts us.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::Douglas isn't much better himself.  They need to get rid of him and get a true D guy.
raymondlneighbors@comcast.net::I have been here from the Twin Towers days but I am realistic.  They have more talent than us top to bottom.  Even if you say Durant and Harden cancel out each other.  They have Westbrook.  Who is our second best?  Nobody close to him for sure.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::Royce White at Power forward would have been nice...seeing as PF is Rox weak spot!
123abc456xxy::IT WILL BE VERY NICE
vankenn::Lin blowout the Knicks, Asik blowout the bulls, why is harden still losing to okc? He's saving it for the western conference finals. Harden will blowout okc in the final. Lol
bbears88::Even the Miami Heat didn't win the finals the first year.  Spurs and OKC are experienced and have chemistry, which takes time to build
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::if Royce White came back and manned the power forward spot, Rockets could have made some noise!!
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::the ONLY reason he's not reporting to D League is because his primary doctor says otherwise - which I don't get since there's no flying involved AT ALL.  Guy has an entitlement attitude without earning any of it himself.  Using that anxiety as a crutch.  Really pathetic.
5856Rach::He is overly rusty by now. Not on the same page with the rest.
USMC5005::What's the deal with that btw?  Is the situation already hopeless?  DIdn't rockets say he can just ride on bus so he doesn't have to fly?  Why he still uncooperative
vankenn::Lol Royce white. He need to quit whining
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::hell no.  With that depressing guy moping around, he'd make everyone feel like committing suicide.
raymondlneighbors@comcast.net::The Spurs we could get because they always wear down around playoff time.
raymondlneighbors@comcast.net::No.  The Rockets are not good enough this year to beat OKC.
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::Delfino blows out the Bucks haha.  OKC is just a different animal.  That requires everyone to be at the top of their games but I don't think they have confidence against OKC/Spurs yet.  That'll mess with your head.
anti900::Delfino Killed them Bucks!
ScrewedUpTexan713::Rockets need a miracle to go to the finals ...and im a BIG time Rockets fan
rEdBuLxTaSy::LET'S HOPE THAT'S THE CASE HERE...CHANCES ARE THE ROX ARE GONA SWEAT IT OUT WITH OKC :):):)
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::KNICKS FANS ARE HAVING a PITY PARTY RIGHT NOW OVER RAYMOND FELTON'S FAKING AN INJURY AND OUT FOR 4-6 WEEKS!!
bbears88::Knicks are destined to lose
Tomic-the-tank-Engine::nahh, but it is funny that the new PG is out for several weeks due to an injury when everyone was all over Lin for his injury.  Karma's a b*tch.
NewcastleFanVL::The guy must be pigging out !
ScrewedUpTexan713::thats would be funny as s.hit !
rEdBuLxTaSy::"OMG MY PINKY IS AT 85%...REST ASSURE MY LOYAL KNICKER FANS" ~~ FATON:):):)
sealtrader::85% !!! LOL... LOL.... LOLLLLLLLL
USMC5005::You guys think he really faked his injury?
USMC5005::I guess it was still better for him to stop playing.  Wasn't his FG% plummeting drastically the last few games?  Knicks seem to be playing well without him...
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::well no but he is a confirmed pu s s y now!!
ScrewedUpTexan713::hes hurt ?
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::yop yop and out for 4-6 weeks..some say he is faking it too..
sportsfan1014::coach D'antoni on his players, on Amare - one of the best at the time on Nash - back to back MVPs, enough said on Lin - the kid is just amazing, I got this coaching job in LA thanks to Lin on Melo - next question please..
