NYballer6969::I love when people analyze something and completely the opposite is true on what they said . The Bobcats coach who was an assistant coach with Denver said "Melo has grown up now , he gets his teammates more involved by passing them the ball " Melo's assists is off by 50% this year compared to his career assists avg. Wally Szerbiak said "The Bobcats started to double and triple team Melo after his success in the first 1/2 , Melo luckily didn't force the issue and passed the ball " Melo shot 7 for 11 in the 1st half , took the same amount of shots and shot 1 for 11 in the second half, had 2 assists for the game ! " I'd say he forced the issue !
NCR8derSkinfan::The Bobcats had a foul to give, but elected not to foul Smith  bad call
StompYourFace25::Bobcats fans:   Thoughts on offering Al Jefferson a max deal
Blue28192::Go to INTPICKS for betting advice - they have a pick for this game. 29-10 run the last 4 days alone, 3-star NBA picks are 14-4, get instant access to picks when you sign up, see the site for full details, you won't be disappointed.
StompYourFace25::Such good defense too.... we need to learn how to close
Cotton Eyed Joe ARD::Bobcats had 6 turnovers in the 4th. They could of easily won this game if they just kept their composure...
Kev_010::is bismack biyomo serge ibaka junior or something? they both like blocking shots and doing mutumbos finger wag
D-Monayy::The buzzer beater wasnt even in sportscenter top 10 last night! We still dont get the respect we deserve! We will though! big game tonight!
21DanNYC21::seriously? thats weird
College BBall All Day::good piece on the Knicks not re-signing Jeremy Lin on The Daily Rant on StraightHoops.   com
Pete Carrolls Victory Dance::The knicks are good, but I just can't see them ever contending with a guy like carmelo anthony as the leader...
army of bono::Melo has been playing his $@% off this season on both ends of the floor.  Not sure why a team can't contend when their best player is playing at a high level with a high level of effort.
njkaplan::Mizzle - but it's all about the past right?  Knicks'll get killed in the first round etc.  Does anyone see that if the Knicks don't lose 3/4 of their team to injury including Melo, that instead of ending up as an 8th seed and having to play the Meat first round...they themselves will actually be 1 or 2 and be actually playing number 7 or 8.  See how that works?
Mizzle85::Lol. Makes perfect sense to me. People get on the Knicks for not getting out of the first round, but some of them act like they are playing scrubs when they get there. They aren't. A strong regular season will be part of what will ultimately end up in the Knicks advancing to the second round in the first time in years.
Mizzle85::People, including me, said the same thing about Dallas and Dirk. Melo is a much better player than he's been over the years. The Knicks can certainly win it with Melo as their centerpiece.
njkaplan::I just can't see you ever being a non-biased relevant commenter.  "And the Knick hating is off to an auspicous start" - Walt Frazier.
Dengue-Fever::THE HEAT WILL REMAIN UNBEATEN AT HOME TONIGHT!!...good morning to all
njkaplan::On the tail end of back to back road games for the Knicks with their star player with a bad finger a little depth lost because Kidd is hurt.  The harder prediction is what tonight's over under will be.  So $@%! you fake Meat fan.
Mr. Bradford::JR Smith's game winner erased his crappy night on the floor. All was forgotten &amp; forgiven.
Mizzle85::I think even bigger than Melo and Smith's heroics was the game Tyson Chandler was having. Wow. Why'd you never play like that for us? Nevermind, I know. LARRY BROWN HAD HIM ON THE BENCH!
spartacusT::and healthier
nba is the worst::He has gotten better though...
Mizzle85::Yes he has. A lot more focused on his strengths.
kevincruz58::So will stern also sanction the knicks if melo has to miss the next game @miami?
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::he's got a video on msg.com where he says "I'm not taking Southwest Airlines home...I'll be in Miami" lol
swiftandabundant::JR Swish for the win!  Knicks rollin'!  BEAT THE HEAT!!!  http://tinyurl.com/GoingtotheKnicksGame
agoods03::I like this one.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::anybody know when Camby is supposed to come back?
nba is the worst::Still listed as day-to-day
rutledgespencer37::The Cats only just need a few years, only a few minor mistakes were made and those mistakes can easily be fixed. But overall its good to see that the young talent they have can compete and are competitive, much props to you guys. Plus 7-10 is not a bad record at all to me, that also can turn around into a winning record.
Mizzle85::That's very much appreciated. I know I speak like a person within the organization but I feel like after watching a team go 7-59 (literally watched every game), I'm a part of it somehow. Lol. It's good to see they are building up at least some respect for themselves around the league this year.
agoods03::Honestly I think that Miami will win.  We have been playing terrible on the road and they play great at home.
nba is the worst::We all know that despite all the dumb heat fans BS, the heat were embarrassed by the blowout.  With both teams banged up right now, I'm expecting the knicks to keep it closer than the 7-pt spread, and if they can hit 45% from three they can win it
nba is the worst::I wasn't saying that all heat fans are dumb - just the 100 or more that posted and have continued to post the "charity game/ didn't try" crap
agoods03::Djuki 3 - OK^  Most of them are, I know you're a heat fan but a lot of heat fans are clueless.
Djuki 3::OK^
agoods03::I think he's spot on with his assessment of heat fans.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::I actually thought the Heat fans kind of blew the loss off.  I was on here yesterday trying to stir up $@%! about regular season losses counting, but no one was biting haha
Djuki 3::that's a little harsh to generalize all heat fans as dumb.  of course it was embarrassing, any team would be embarrassed by a blow-out
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::They will definitely want to prove people wrong from Tuesday's loss.  Just depends on if Melo is 100% and what we can get out of Kidd again
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::So who y'all got tonight, NY @ MIA?
kevincruz58::I got david stern sanctioning the knicks if melo doesnt play @ miami
steveopa::It will be huge if the knicks can beat the heat tonight in miami.  The Heat are very tough at home.  They seem to struggle on the road though they are 4-4 on the road so far this year.
bigapplemortgage::I'm a lifelong Knick fan living in Miami for the past 11 years.  Whether the Heat suck or are Champions, whether the Knicks are garbage or contenders, beating New York is key for Miami.  Coming off an embarrassing loss to the Wizards, I see Miami taking tonight's game rather easily.  I'd be very happy to be totally wrong about this, but my guess is Miami by 10.
nba is the worst::If both Chalmers and Cole can't play, it will be tough defensively for the heat to match up with the Knicks PGs
Djuki 3::i just hope it's an exciting game, i hate seeing blow-outs
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::I can't lie, I loved seeing the blowout in the 1st game.  All those 3's lol...
Mizzle85::I think if Melo can get right before the game, NY takes it again. Miami doesn't match up well against those guys.
nba is the worst::Heat also have Chalmers out and also Battier and Cole unlikely to play.  Should be a good one!
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::yeah that's true.  Melo is a prob for them at the 4.  I think in a series tho, we need Amare there
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::I actually have MIA just for the sake of Tuesday night's embarrassment.  But it'll be close.  If my Knicks can steal one in Miami, then I won't be mad with that either lol
bigapplemortgage::I'd like to say NY but I think Miami will try tonight and win.
agoods03::NY, Miami won't play well because of Hurricane Sandy.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::haha
Djuki 3::i got Miami, but i'm completely biased =P
Djuki 3::Knicks did play good D at the end but Charlotte also made a lot of sloppy plays before that
Mizzle85::3 VERY CRUCIAL sloppy plays that resulted in turnovers and another sloppy drive by Kemba that could've easily resulted in a fourth. I just hate seeing the team kill themselves. Proud of their effort against a legit Knicks team though.
Mizzle85::Lol. Now that I think about it, there was another turnover towards the end that killed us. They were on the sideline, and Ben Gordon just basically handed them the ball or something. It was so odd I couldn't even remember it happening. Wanted to block it out my head. But yeah, them boys killed themselves. Good teams take advantage of mistakes, and that's what the Knicks did.
Djuki 3::yeah i know what you mean, it's so disappointing to watch =/
agoods03::What a win!
Djuki 3::My favorite part of the game was seeing Michael Jordan's face after JR hit the game winner, priceless!
Mizzle85::That's better than last year when Jordan didn't even want to show his face at the blowouts that occurred nightly.
Djuki 3::lol that's a good point
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::Dear ESPN,  When the biggest part of this game was Melo leaving in the 4th to injury, you might want to at least show the play it happened on.
Mizzle85::Cats are letting the simple things beat them. A 5 second violation, a travel call, and then a nervous turnover all in the final couple minutes in a game we lost on a buzzer beater. Not to mention that the team had a foul to give on that play. I'm not sure why MKG didn't foul Smith, but I can't fault him for playing bad defense. This coming a couple of nights after squandering an 18 point lead with 5 minutes to go in Portland. The Cats are getting the learning experiences they were supposed to have last year.
bigapplemortgage::In the NBA I rarely get very high or low after a team win or loss, too many games.  The NFL on the other hand, I can have half of a week ruined after a bad loss.  You seem realistic, at the end of the day an 8 seed and getting romped in the first round would be successful for Charlotte so tough losses should almost be seen as learning tools.
Mizzle85::Lol.
bigapplemortgage::I hate the Panthers so you will get no sympathy from me.
Mizzle85::I feel like a tortured soul as far as the NFL goes. Panther fan. That's all I'ma say.
bigapplemortgage::Losing on a buzzer beater to a good team is nothing to be ashamed about.
Mizzle85::Lol. I guess not. It's devastating though. I just hope they grow from it. Inbounding the ball has been a very hard task for us all year for some reason. Kemba showed some nuts yesterday on an inbound. He basically just stood his ground with Felton and asked the inbounder to throw it in and don't worry. Kemba then brought it in with no problems. That's much different than trying to run around all kind of screens and mess and getting nowhere. I see he's learning. I'm just wondering if the rest of the kids are.
nba is the worst::After that 8-22 shooting last night, 'Melo has tied Monta for #1 in bricks per game! - The leaders:  1. Monta 10.82  1. 'Melo 10.82  3. Westbrick 10.37  4. Harden 10.18  5. Aldridge 10.00  6. Kobe 9.79  7. Gay 9.69  8. Bargnani 9.61  9. Waiters 9.59  10. Jennings 9.29    Bucks continue to be the only team with 2 in the top ten!
KinickDiaz::when you speak of small fowards in the league the top 3 are lebron ,Durant and melo.... i'll take that anyday, ppl who dont like him or the Knicks will always find the negative in his game, but nobody's perfect if we look ourselves in the mirror we will see flaws.... everyone could be better at their job....stop being so negatively judgemental
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::And after the win, he also increased his shot at winning MVP this yr
B..........::melo is one of the best at his position in the game and ungaurdable by one guy. You obviously dont like him so why not just say that instead of trying to convince everyone that he isnt any good when obviously hes very good.
nba is the worst::Why do you say I don't like him? (well, other than the 'stache) ;)  I'm pulling for the Knicks this year to come out of the east!
Stanley5826::Melo &gt;KD?? LMAO
B..........::Leave it to a troll to try and change a conversation.
KinickDiaz::i think thats a misleading statistic...... melo misses and gets his rebound a high % of the times... not saying he doesn't have off nights or take some tough Jumpers but hey! ... he's shooting a high % all round and id still rather he take the shot than felton or brewer...no knock on them ... i just trust melo's Jumper more. He's a great player ppl missing shots is part of the game .....forgetting you did and moving to the next play, having the confidence to take the next shot is the key..... i'll take the good with the bad
nba is the worst::I'd like to see the knicks get back to the ball movement they displayed in the start odf the season.  Last night there was too much iso ball and 1 pass - shoot possessions
B..........::Im sure hes genuinly concerned about where he falls in your spreadsheets.
nba is the worst::'Melo's 10% improvement in 3-pt FG% compared with his career number is miraculous.  But as I recall JR shot 6-16, 'melo 8-22
B..........::Id say why dont you point out some categories hes great in but haters wouldnt do that. Thats also a list of some great players to be in company with. Guess you missed the game last night because the brick thrower was JR. Melo was gonna get most of the night off but the obviously needed him.
nba is the worst::I'm sure bricks per game isn't something a player wants to lead in!
Mizzle85::I guess that helped Kemba move out of the top 10.
nba is the worst::He's at 8.94 now
bigapplemortgage::Incredible that the imminent return of a still quality NBA player has many fans concerned.  I for one still think Amare has a few good seasons left in him (stress on good, not great, not elite, not All-Star level) yet I'd almost rather the Knicks release him even if they get nothing in return for him.  I don't see where he fits in unless he completely is on board with being a bench option.  In that case I can see a major value in him, but if he wants to start and they start him, which I assume will be the case, I fear it will have a negative impact on the team.
bigapplemortgage::Yes, I'd take Gasol, but that isn't likely and I'd rather speculate on more likely scenarios which is Amare back as a Knick.  I think he can be valuable, just off the bench with JR Smith, Novak, Rasheed and company to have a super charged 2nd unit that can extend leads, keep us in close games and on some nights stay on the floor when needed during crunch time.  With the age of the Knicks, we can use as many quality bodies as possible.  I just don't see Amare, a fierce competitor by nature, accepting a bench role.  I hope I'm mistaken.
KinickDiaz::tough one... i would'nt, but im not a GM .. i think it'll be kind of a lateral move cause gasol is a starter, though chemistry wise it seems like it will work cause he's a much better passer than amare and wont clog the paint...... but after watching whats going on in LA. im not so sure.... however i dont think i'll be pissed if the trade happens. Dont think the Lakers would make that trade though....amare + dwight = a clogged zone
nba is the worst::So would you guys trade him for gasol straight up?
Stanley5826::No way. Maybe plus shump.
Mizzle85::I actually mentioned that trade to one of my friends who is a huge Lakers fan and he said he wouldn't want to do it. It makes all the sense in the world though. Amare back with D'antoni and Nash. Gasol getting a fresh start. But then, it all reverts to Melo moving back to the 3, which I think isn't too good for NY right now. Let him continue to embarrass 4's.
KinickDiaz::I doubt he will..... i mean he's saying all the right things about coming of the bench, or helping the team anyway coach woody see's fit. you're right he's not an elite player anymore (sadly) but still a good player, and will best serve coming in as a sub. Common sense would tell him that the team being 13-4 obviously is doing great without him and pouting upon his return would bring the NY media down on him....worse than isiah !!!..... if he's smart he'd realize he can get the numbers ...say 18 ppg coming off the bench.... as a starter however i predict chaos!
Mizzle85::Stat's just gonna have to accept whatever role is given to him when he gets back. Melo is simply unstoppable playing at the 4. Stat is gonna have to get in where he fits in picking up backup minutes at the 4 and 5.
Mizzle85::Sucks for Amare. He's really the one that got N.Y. back poppin' in the first place. But you're right, he's just not elite anymore. Maybe if he can get on a team where he is the top dog again, but I really can't see that happening as no one wants his contract because all they see if his deflated value. Amare simply being a role player is definitely a luxury that can end up pushing the Knicks past teams once the playoffs start. I don't see him having a big problem with it. Amare has never really been a bad teammate or anything.
bigapplemortgage::Yes I'd love that and he can be a very valuable asset to the Knicks.  That is making the major assumption that he will take whatever role is given to him and play it out well both on and off the court.  If Amare can do that then I agree it will be excellent.  I just fear he still thinks he is an elite star player, which he isn't, and will try and act like a star causing issues on the court because he should just be an excellent role player.
smackette::Don't forget where Woodson comes from and the talent he had in ATL.  Be wary come playoff time as he seems to get out coach then.
RO7NY::Don't you people get tired of this same line..."He isn't any good come playoffs." Ok they said that about Lebron... and look what happened last season.  They've said that about tons of coaches and players who didn't have great success early on.  However, for the most part each one of them broke out of it.    Please remember what teams they were facing in playoffs during his tenure in Atlanta.
Mizzle85::I actually feel like Carmelo is having his best season by far as a player. His stats may not reflect that, but he is turning into the well rounded player that I've always expected from him. I admit that in the past I've been a Melo hater because I thought he didn't work hard enough on the other aspects of his game, but this year I'm leaving the kid alone. He's proving himself.
Mizzle85::As long as I keep reminding myself the Cats are suppose to be one of the worst teams again this year, these close losses become easier to swallow. Hopefully we can get another top draft pick adde to this core. With that and free agency, I can see us making the playoffs next year, still way ahead of schedule.
zoro1226::Cats should've won that game.  J.R. Smith was just clutch at the end.  Bobcats are still a million times better than last year, and give teams a challenge.
Mizzle85::Thanks guys. Coming off a 7-59 season, we will take anything we can get.
gocirego::you also got a real young team with a bright future. def got a solid foundation of character guys to build on with a good coach, which is more than you can say for a lot of other teams (see: Kings, Wizards)
hvs1717::Yeah definitely keep your head up. Kemba is the real deal and he makes his teammates better. They are finally heading in the right direction it would seem.
01Bulls4life::Knicks looking like the real deal...  Tonight  is a HUGE test and best of luck to you!!
RO7NY::So I guess teams like Miami are real right? Wait... didn't they just lose to the worse team in the league? Ok ok... what about the lakers? Maybe they are real.... wait.... they just lost to a horrible team too.  Ok well maybe the Clippers.... wait.... they lost to a horrible last week too! So then you have the Knicks who gutted out a win vs an upstart team... and no they aren't horrible... they are young and inexperienced  and clearly not as bad as they were last year.    Good teams win the close games... Good teams win games when they don't have their "A" game with them.  It is what it is.... a close game by no means has anything to do with how "real" the Knicks are.  You're just another Hater who wants to the Knicks to be bad so you can continue your everything NY bashing ways.
Mizzle85::Shut the hell up clown. You do realize this is a BOBCATS thread as well and I am a Bobcat's fan don't you? Miami has ALREADY won a championship with their core so they've already PROVEN that when the playoffs arrive they know how to press on the gas when it's time to. I didn't say anything about the Clippers or Lakers so where are you getting your info from? If you actually KNEW my thoughts like you think you do, you'd know they are the furthest thing FROM contenders in my mind. The Knicks are still simply behind the Heat and Celtics in my book in the east until they at least prove they can get out of the 1st round of the playoffs. You can whine and moan about that opinion, but any person with real knowledge of how the NBA works knows that the Knicks will have to prove themselves when pressure is really on. NO ONE is bashing NY clown. Did you not read the part where I said that Felton, Kidd, and Camby should help in the playoffs because they are veteran leaders? Did you not see me say that they have nothing else to prove in the game against the Heat as they have destroyed them once? I'm not an NY hater. Just a logical NBA fan. Something that MOST of you New York fans are not. Luckily, there are some with some common sense on this board that remind me that not all are clowns. If I'm going to bash on a team for being so good it's not gonna be one that has just as many playoff series wins as us since we've been built over from straight scratch.  Oh, and PS, the Bobcats started off 6-0 in games decided by 4 pts or less. That doesn't mean we are/were a good team.
gocirego::wins are wins - ask Miami from Tues night against the Wiz (if that happened last season, people would be doubting how real the Heat were)
Mizzle85::That's true. Should be a good game.
01Bulls4life::Well.. that's why tonite they play the defending champs away.  Knicks pull this off it's fair to say they REAL.
Mizzle85::They already smashed the Heat one time. I don't know if there is anything left to prove against those guys. We know the Knicks can dominate them. Now it's just establishing consistency in doing it.
Mizzle85::Nothing says real deal like needing 3 ridiculous turnovers a in the final two minutes to beat a rebuilding squad by 2. Knicks are good, but I have my doubts about how real they are.
Mizzle85::No doubts. I'm not downing the Knicks. Just saying they've fooled me before with good regular season play. I think with a couple veteran pieces like Kidd and Camby, they'll be able to control the tempo much better this time around. Felton also will help in the playoffs. He plays under control for the much part.
Give Leon The Damn Ball::better to win by 2 vs a rebuilding team than to lose by four against the worst team in the league like miami did
tiz609::Great game.  As a NYer living in NC, I still have my love for the Knicks, but also want to see my local team succeed.  I think that this one being close was more because the Bobcats played well, rather than the Knicks played poorly.
Mizzle85::We need to fully convert you. Lol.
StompYourFace25::It disgusts me to see all those knicks fans jumping in the stands... It's okay, one day those stands will be filled with bobcats fans wearing white t shirts in the postseason.
gocirego::you guys should take the hornets name back when NO changes to the Pelicans
Mizzle85::I think we will. That should bring out a few more of the locals who are still butt hurt over a team name.
Mizzle85::Fugg em all. Can't stand them. They need to go home.
jwkrock::Well, that doesn't surprise me much.  As a New Yorker living in NC, there are a lot of Yanks here.  That being said, the Cats are up and coming.  Kemba is the real deal IMO.
jjknicks1987::Yea there were alot of knick fans at the game
trashami cheat::It's been over 40 yrs since the Knicks won anything,the streak will continue!
Mizzle85::Fair warning, this Knicks team is far superior to those of the past. They have everything. Scoring with Melo, JR Smith. Veteran ball handlers who can run the offense with Kidd and Felton. Lock down defenders with Chandler, Camby, Shumpert, and Brewer. And that's all before even mentioning a knock down 3 point shooter like Novak and a former all-nba player like Stat. Added in with the veteran attitudes of people like Sheed, and man, the Knicks are going to be scary when it comes down to a 7 game series.
5809Mike::thanks for your brilliant input!
trashami cheat::Fluke season so far for Knicks.They'll get back to the usual way they do,-------losing!
njkaplan::Trashami - when do you see this happening...this losing thing you speak of?  One game here and there is not losing.  In sports, teams lose.  For you and all morons who said that by 20 games in they'd be back to .500 - too bad so sad bye bye.
RO7NY::@HVS-They may not be a championship contender? Really? Contender doesn't mean "winner." There are about 4-5 "contenders" in the east, and the Knicks are one of them.
Mizzle85::No, there are usually only 1-2 contenders in the east.
hvs1717::The Knicks were 18-6 under Woodson last year and 13-4 this season. That is 31-10, a half season's work. Woodson has molded them into a good team. They may not be the championship contender that some Knicks fans are hoping for but they are certainly not a fluke.
gocirego::A sensible commenter! Huge Knicks fan here, and as good as they've been, a grueling playoff series will likely expose their weaknesses, especially since they're older and primarily a jump shooting team. But at this point in the season (at least until the Miami game tonight), the Knicks got the best record in the East - one can still have hope!
B1GB4BYJ3SUS::It was really getting hard to be a Bobcats fan with them winning so much. I'm glad things are back to normal.
Mizzle85::Oh well. After last year I can take competitive losses like this even though they hurt like hell. Hopefully it ends up landing us a big time player in the draft like we just did with MKG.
roll_n_riot::I'm more surprised that the Bobcats put up that much of a fight
Mizzle85::That's because you don't know much about the team.
JrueRandallHoliday::ISO-Melo slices his finger punching he fire extinguisher because Smith hits the game winner and not him...
steeveyskaxx::Sick shot. Quality defense. Great finish
SFthomas1969::Been using a betting system called sportsbettingstar. Im making around $3,000 a month profit using this system. You can find the system on google by searching for sports betting system.
EKast2012::LOLing at the thought of Biyombo giving the Mutombo finger wag to Anthony.  Biyombo should wait to try that until after he's won multiple DPOY awards.
RO7NY::How about Biyombo actually doing something in his career first.
Mizzle85::Biyombo is in his second year clown and is actually already one of the better shot blockers in the league. Get off your period.
Mizzle85::Not like Mutumbo waited for all of that. How about Anthony doesn't say anything until he actually gets a team to the Finals?
Mizzle85::That's fine. Just stating that if no one can talk until they get several DPOY awards, than no one else should be able to talk until they get a ring.
EKast2012::I'm not a Knicks fan, just to be clear.  :-)
IAMLEGEND_101::SHUMP IS REALLY GOING TO HELP THIS TEAM. I HATE WHEN ALL THESE DAM GUARDS GO OFF ON US. SHUMP ISLAND COMING SOON
IAMLEGEND_101::KEMBA GOT A LOT BETTER. HES FROM THE BRONX REPPIN NY. GL KEMBA
IAMLEGEND_101::THE VIC CRUZ SALSA DANCE FOR THE WIN. $@%! OFF
diego3494::my  respects  for  the  cats coming  4rm  a  clipper fan
Kemba15Bobcats::Always rooting for Kemba....representing UConn!!!! Get it Kemba
bkny6978::What a shot by JR!!!!! That was great D by MKG, unreal shot.
CLUTCHBALLERZ::lebron and wade take notes   -jr smith
LeBRosh Wallen::lebron,wade,kobe*
ThisSiteTakesItDeep::For a second i was like word that team would be ill, then i realized it was a joke...
lordcid69::kobe loves it 6-16 by jr...he is the man!!!! they should team up together with melo and invite westbrook and convince iverson to join and have the most inefficient team ever
Zeh-nuh::The man who scored 30,000 points in his career! You must be drunk.
Destruct0id::Hate that we were struggling with the bobcats of all people but that game winner by JR was a thing of beauty, if that doesn't get the top play of the night then somethings wrong with the way people perceive basketball.
jwkrock::Cats have a good core.  They will get better every season
shadyshad1::Coming from a Heat fan. Yu play to win the game!!!
palsy360::The bottom line is they won the game. The heat lost to the wizard few nights ago
Robert Griffin The Bird::bobcats arent as bad as people make them out to be.
Lakers 2013 champs zzz::I think my fuckken lakers would fuckken stomp the fuckken $@%!$ out of this fuckken knick team when we fuckken trade Kobe fuckken Bryant for a mother fuckker like Lebron fuckken James who always fuckken owned the fuckken @%!$@ out of fuckken melo  Who's fuckken with me!!!
LosLobosKickUrBallsIntoOuterSpace::I like it...he was able to use $@%!$ as an adjective, noun, verb
Robert Griffin The Bird::um, no one, and learn proper english please, and also be an intelligent comprehensive realist and do calibrations on your research.
jballantyne553::rofl
lordcid69::melo 8-22 welcome back was wondering where you were
ApookTheDestroyer::He's been diving for loose balls are year, rebounding, playing defense, and passing.  Is he as good as LeBron? No. But he's still a talented player having a very COMPLETE year. I'll take this Melo and 11 more like him if they can be found. OK, 10 more and Tyson Chandler.
gocirego::Not to mention when Melo used to go 8-22, he gave his team nothing else. Now? He gives you effort on defense, and even if he was missing shots, he wasn't just jacking them up out of isos all the time
cjbrown4587::It's clear by your comment that melo isn't playing the way you're accustomed to game in and game out, so what's your point?  That every great player has a bad game once in a while?  If this is Melo's bad game, then sign me up.
LosLobosKickUrBallsIntoOuterSpace::He finished with a win so suck it
Robert Griffin The Bird::he just had a bad 2nd half, he had 20 in the 1st half, impressive, isnt it!?
lordcid69::it's not how you start but how you finish
Robert Griffin The Bird::When JR Smith was trending on twitter, there were alot of pissed off Biebertards, LMMFAO!!!!
