desert430::Someone explain to me how Bayless gets -13 on the +- scale scoring 15 pts, 6 rebs and 5 assists with 1 turnover and 1 foul in 23 mins while shooting 50%+ from the field...Especially coming off the bench
Go-Heat::Bosh, Chalmers and 2 1st rd. picks for D12
NBA_refs_are_weak::lol why are heat fans so ready and willing to blow up your team. just $@%!$@% root for them win or lose, and if they make a trade, then support it. but stop bashing your own roster its pathetic
bradonlywins::ur a $@%!$@ they going to win with this team be happy with them
shooter eating pos 4 breakfast::heat fans are the worst fans in sports
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::no thats way to much Mike Miller and Haslem will do as long as the Magic add Ryan Anderson and a 1st rd
MagicBoltzRays::I'm so glad i'm not an idiot heat fan like you
bryck77::Barry sounds like a moron on nba tv. "is it better for Magic if Dwight shoots vs shooting 20+ 3s" Vince Celine is like of course $@%!$@%. D Scott lookin at him like r u stupid. I thought he was 1 of the smart 1s but he ain't
Jesse_Magic_fan::Lol seriously everything Barry says I disagree with.  I can't stand the stuff he says.  For a former NBA player he is clueless.
Joosseepphh::USA &gt; CANADA
Fat Kid And Druggy Daddy::it doesn't
NBA_refs_are_weak::eh, idk about all that. I like living in america, but we're ONE OF, not THE, if that makes any sense to you. chillax
CbadLancer14::ALL THIS TRADE TALK OVER SOMEONE WHO CANT EVEN GET A ASSIST??? WOW ALL 4 QUARTERS NO ASSISTS SURE HE GOT SOME REBOUNDS AND A COUPLE POINTS BUT CMON D HOWIE
NBA_refs_are_weak::like...how do you score 0 points when you're on the floor for 35 minutes hedo? I cant comprehend that. not 1 single point when you're on the court for THIRTY-FIVE minutes. unbelieveable
chromal187::takes two seconds to look at the box score and see he's still +5 and the reason is because of his 9 assists and 1 turnover like the guy above. so he got more assists than a jeremy lin does per night and far less turnovers... the only thing missing is like 10 points. they still won guys, it's not a big deal. hedo is the facilitator on offense, not jameer. jameer just wastes space.
trizzo23::he got 9 assists only 1 turn over...better than 90% of the pg....you play to win the game....all magic keep doing...3rd best in east ...5th in all nba...haters going to hate
Raptorsfan080::man im glad that heDONT left Toronto. the dude was soooo useles..
NBA_refs_are_weak::what pisses me off is that it wasnt even a matter of not fitting. he just flat out didnt put in the effort or try. he just whined because they were struggling. like dude theres an endless line of people that want to be in your position, at least go 100% when you're on the $@%!$@ court
NBA_refs_are_weak::I just dont get it. listen im 5'10, and if you put me in an NBA game it would be the ugliest thing youve ever seen. the only guys I could stay in front of is probably derek fisher, and maybe J-Kidd late in the 4th after hes played 40 minutes. but if I play 35 minutes, i PROMISE, ill score 2 points. no way I put up ZERO in 35. just no way. and hes 6'10. SIX FOOT TEN. not 1 measley little lay up? offensive put back? just something. the dude is such deadweight. I dont even think those 2 would convince dwight to stay. hes thinking for the next 4 or 5 years he wants to compete, and nothing about this magic team says that
NBA_refs_are_weak::Oh if right now, tonight they added nash, and not even beasley, but him too, they would be right there in contention in the playoffs. im sayin dwight is thinking AFTER this season and after the next one, where is this team at? it would be awesome though if they said f it, we'll make 1 last run at it this year and see what happens, and try to pick up nash. because steve nash would elevate dwights game.....it be nuts
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::Nash would go off in the Playoffs you can't teach experience,  and sarver the suns GM is paying Nash peanuts
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::they need to get Beasley and Nash or Dwight is gone
grsshppr::Toronto is a magical team at 12-26
tampasportsrule::BAD NEWS MAGIC FANS. LOOKS LIKE YOUR TEAM IS DESTINED TO PLAY THE HAWKS IN THE FIRST ROUND AGAIN. AND THE HAWKS ? WELL THEY LIKE OWN YOUR TEAM AND WHAT NOT.
grsshppr::Unfortunately the HAWKS are piles of dog shhhhit this year and Orlando is not much better than that so it's a new year and old rules do not apply.  That's like saying Dallas is just as good as they were last year, and that the Lakers are the same team they were 3 years ago.  Hm.  Watch basketball much?
fartface111111::Derp.  Derpety derp, derp.
working the deadline phones..::24-2...when scoring atleast 90pts this season...
working the deadline phones..::its their game...and the stat dont lie...
behan21::gotta have a lil to do with the 3 ball
working the deadline phones..::a wins a win
fartface111111::Dwight had Magloire bent over his knee.
behan21::If your gonna bet the magic u gotta teaseee
zeppelin669::People thought I was crazy for picking toronto at +6.5
Jesse_Magic_fan::Lmao lost money
NinerGriz::Nice play man
vandeman34::I had Orlando -3,  Redick &lt;3
RapCity26::15 missed freethrows! What a joke
blackzilla24::Magic can be a  championship team if they play harder
blackzilla24::I'm still trying to see who won
fartface111111::Ha Magic won.
concannonchris::D-12  ( 2-10 in the 4th alone).
blackzilla24::You're a joke
blackzilla24::I would like to know won
fartface111111::And they still won.
concannonchris::Orlando sucks?   Thats why only 4 teams in the league have more wins then them...    They are not where they need to be in terms of being called Elite.  However, to suggest they suck is ignorant.
tampasportsrule::Michael Jordan has his BobCats playing solid basketball folks. The Magic will be in for a battle tomorrow night for sure.
hyperk1d::Putting Bobcats and solid basketball in the same sentence is like saying the Wizards are a functional franchise.
hyperk1d::haha. That sarcasm was so strong god himself felt it.
RaymondDavis77::lol
tampasportsrule::Dude wtf ? Ok..cool.
tampasportsrule::Dude wtf ? Ok cool.
Ernest_T_Bass_Lives::rapt + the pts.. lock city.. thank you orlando wannabees..
RapCity26::Can't believe they can't cover? F u c k U magic!!!!
setherson16::Dwight Howard misses 6 consecutive free throws.
blackzilla24::Cool story bro
fartface111111::Just watch the $@%!$@% game and stop talking about covering spreads.  It's the worst.
MagicBoltzRays::U Mad Bro?
xjumpintwit::BRING BACK JEFF VAN GUNDY TO COACHING &gt;&gt;&gt; SHIITS ALL OVER STAN
RaymondDavis77::cant belive van grundy is a pro coach, what a joke
concannonchris::Stan is very underrated.  He is one of the best coaches in the league.  Keep in mind Otis keeps blowing up his team every season.  It's hard to build chemistry that way.   Which is huge in the league especially during this lock-out short season.
MagicBoltzRays::he's 11 games above .500 this year.
hyperk1d::Can't believe you're still commenting on here.
ChazPon::Can't believe your literate enough to type.
fartface111111::You're.
MagicBoltzRays::3 stars 1. Howard (despite the free throws) 2. Redick (clutch 3 + FT's) 3. Anderson
Plargo::the refs are star #2
xXDowntown Bomber32Xx::Redick is your closer man!!
xXDowntown Bomber32Xx::but Hedo is still Mr. 4th Quarter
xjumpintwit::orlando still sucks .. get raped in the playoffs ..  dwight and d will in brooklyn next year !
blackzilla24::@xjumpintwit cool story bro
ChazPon::Stock post for teams that get beat by Oriando. Good job.
concannonchris::D-Will may be dealt before the deadline if the Nets know they can't get Howard...   They gave up a ton for D-Will no way they risk him walking...
SyracuseOranges::So who do the Raps draft with the lottery pick
fartface111111::Big Baby is always hugging someone lol.
JimmyC_11::Dwight heard that I had the Magic by 6.5 tonight.  Thanks Dwight.
rapshow19::jj reddick sukcs lots of cokc
ChazPon::U wished he sucked urs.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::gg Orlando i predicted a close game...and that what it was...
openminded43::NO STYLE POINTS TONIGHT!!!
j_a_swag::over!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
rapshow19::$@%!$@ garbage
ChazPon::Where's the turban guy that throws the ball in air the during free throws?
MagicBoltzRays::92-88 Final.
fartface111111::Stan is the worst-dressed coach in the league.
hyperk1d::You're the worst troll on ESPN
hyperk1d::Not gonna lie. That made me laugh. haha
fartface111111::You gotta pay the troll toll to get into this boy's hole.
hyperk1d::Alright! GG raptors fans
KnucknBUC::same raps and orl always have pretty decent games usually
RaymondDavis77::why is howard in the game???
xjumpintwit::stan van gundy isnt a coach.. all he says is   go shoot 3s and try to play defense ... they are pathetic
EnnBee15::"Pathetic" says the guy trolling a message board from his mom's double wide.
j_a_swag::money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hyperk1d::Just hit one more
RaymondDavis77::please fire van grundy
yodaspeaks::cant the raptors foul Dwight before the inbounds?
KnucknBUC::JJ its game
MagicBoltzRays::Toronto has no timeouts. make both and it's over.
hyperk1d::JJ has it!
SyracuseOranges::Who hit the 3 for the raps? I turned it off lol
Zippppppp::Jose
Qster15::here comes the fouling game
loveduke069::HEDO IS A CRACKHEAD
concannonchris::I expect JJ to get the inbound pass.
