Pinkycuh::Don't feel bad bucks, thunder lost to the wizards also.........except they didn't score 121.........and the thunder are going to the playoffs........ok,  maybe you should feel bad.
Clarence2126::when you are fighting for you playoff lives and lose to the team with the second worst record in the nba, you need to be truly embarassed and ashamed!!!! only losing to charlotte like that would have been worse!!!!
Clarence2126::I truly hope the players and coaches read this. after playing that horribly against one of the worst teams in the entire NBA, you DO NOT deserve to be in the playoffs!!! please dont give me that crap about it being one of those games, im tired of hearing that B*U*L*L*S*H*I*T*!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Clarence2126::the bucks still suck!!!! dumb $@%!$ anyway!!!!
Clarence2126::i also forgot that the knicks held them to like 68 points or something recently.
Clarence2126::the milwuakee does proved they are hardly bucks or playoff worthy. how do you give up 121 points to a team that had 15 wins going into last nights games? they need a huge overhall and that starts with the head coach!!!!
Dano2376::Man what is up with Dre motherefing Blatche?  He doesn't play because he's too fat?  What a waste this guy is, i hope the Wiz drop his butt.
OFrog::They are much better when he DNP's.
Thetimpanikid16::Hey Bucks fans! How's knockin' the Knicks out of the playoff race going? Philadelphia and NY took care of business last night but you guys fell short hahahaha  - Knicks and Sixers fans
Thunder90210::Lose to the Wizards, attract trolls.
joemanuelo::lol. bucks so pathetic...maybe next yr.
TYLILMAX::The buck stops here!!!!!!!
Rdiu::lol , and the Bucks fans keep telling me to fear the deer.......
ent1991::lol horrible loss for the bucks.... losing to the wizards, they dont deserve to go to playoffs
DawgsBravesFalconsHawks::Sparty_2013 I knew Jordan Crawford was gonna be great, but no my Pistons passed on him. Would rather have him than Gordon. Hawks are slapping themselves in the face on this one. ............ not really. All he's shown is that he's a streaky shooter, they arent hard to find.. Numbers inflated by being on a garbage team where he gets to take a bunch of shots. His field goal % is not all that. We already have an all star SG, Joe Johnson. at most he was going to be a back up and/or our SG of the future. As of now, we have both a vet back up SG and a vet PG/SG hybrid who have better FG % than him and he hasnt shown enough yet to prove if he's "SG of the future" caliber. So, he isnt so missed.
longhornsin2012::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching  the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that actually works because this system has really helped me to start winning finally
koolaid408::hahahahaha bucks what a joke!!!!!!!!!!
MEEENMACHINE::Way to go Bucks...Playoffs on the line and you can't beat the doormat Wizards !
Xtreme Chaos1::Milwaukee is not gonna win anything with Brandon Jennings...   we need to trade him for a true point guard that distributes not jack shots.
Pinkycuh::"I resent that remark"  - Russell Westbrook
MarquetteMike1977::Milwaukee has not won a major pro sports Title in 41 years &amp; has not been in a Final since '82 Brewers. The worst of any city. Maybe we can at least make the playoffs, David Stern was my idol for years these days not as much lol.
Xtreme Chaos1::Green Bay falls under Milwaukee teams buddy..   the NFL is all that matters..   I could care less if we are door mats in every other sport as long as we dominate in the NFL
TigerWoods Is ESPN::That's why the bucks is an easy candidate for relocation to another city.
Saintsfan601MS::Why not change the team nickname Wizards is lame and it doesn't fit the Unis or the scheme they are going for...
your_a_scam::REALLY
CharmCityJoker::GO WIZ!!!!!!!!!
stonetackle83::Really milwaukee? You let the wizards put up a combined 65 points in two of their quarters. The knicks held them to 65 for an entire game last week
iloveshawano::This city has no hope of getting a good team to stay put unless they level the total team salaries...
Sparty_2013::I knew Jordan Crawford was gonna be great, but no my Pistons passed on him. Would rather have him than Gordon. Hawks are slapping themselves in the face on this one.
iloveshawano::as a bucks fan I have to say that they truly deserve to go home.  horrible showing here and time to lose the rest of the games so they can get a better draft pick.
Goon5832::How sad we lose to the garge wizard no playoffs this year sanders need to start over gooden our d is horrible 121 to the wizards  2nd worst offense in the NBA smh
-FEARTHEDEER-::Skiles is gone. He put his Wisconsin home up for sale back in February. Even if we made the playoffs we probably wouldn't keep him.
nbafan22222::Embarrassing loss for the Bucks.  Knicks beat Wizards by 38.
zachrlee::Bucks has an easier remaining schedule than the Knicks. With losses such as this, there's no way they're gonna catch up with New York.
cbcash4678::God damn it bucks....god damn it....  ....$@%!!  Ok...done now, good night folks!
Clarence2126::i hate it when people say that!!!!
joemanuelo::lol ha, funniest comment on here by far. don't worry  maybe next yr bro
grettings444::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKLAzyWiC4
-FEARTHEDEER-::I would like to point out Scalabrine and the Custodian are both unrestricted free agents this year.
vaplaya0::Wizards=beast of the east next year!!! after we get kidd gilchrist
Mets_guy::LOL @ Bucks fans   -Knicks fan
buckspackers23::Fuck off.
knicks_11::get these bandwagon fools son! Props!
jamesbik::If Im the bucks I draft Perry Jones from Baylor.....dont' exercise Shaun Livingston's players option.   I make sure I DONT get the need to sign Kaman that's a horrible contract waiting to happen.....sign Nic Batum from, Portland Trail Blazers..... Jennings, Ellis, Batum, Jones, center it doesnt matter....than tank the whole season draft  Cody Zeller 2013, fire Scotty Skiles .    You'll have a nice young athletic team hire a young coach that wants to play an up tempo style like OKC who wants to win not another NBA has been coach.
Markansas5377::Offense is not a problem on this team. But you can't win if that's ALL you have.
Markansas5377::And during the off-season, make Monta Ellis spend at least 30 minutes each day watching footage of defensive plays. Just grab recordings of all the Bulls games this season and have him watch those.
Saintsfan601MS::seen him play in high school he's been like that for the longest thats not going to change...he's a scorer that's just what he does
buckspackers23::True, but that's the way he scores. He's outmatched not only at his position, but when he goes to the basket, he gets hacked constantly with no calls. So he feels the need to try to get around the big men as fast as possible to get to the basket.
Markansas5377::True, but he gambles too much, and he only seems to have 1 gear (full throttle). I think if he just slows down a bit and stops trying so hard to score so fast and furious, he could be more effective and help make everyone around him better. The Bucks need a true leader out there like Chris Paul does for the Clippers.
buckspackers23::Monta's problem on defense is his size, and fighting through screens. He plays decent on ball defense otherwise, and gambles by going for the ball a lot.
Markansas5377::They need to hire a coach who will teach his team to play defense as well as offense.
-FEARTHEDEER-::Scott Skiles is a defensive coach.
buckspackers23::First off, we need to get rid of Skiles, the players aren't responding well to his defensive methods anymore. Then, we need to either get a 6th seed or higher next year, and if we're not in position for that with a month and a half left, we need to tank. Build through the lottery or get pieces that will get us a better series in the first round such as the one in 09-10.
Markansas5377::Just read this. I couldn't agree more about getting rid of Skiles.
knicks_11::Yu suck.. bucks. pigs will fly when the bucks make the playoffs
Saintsfan601MS::lol at the Knick fan
cbcash4678::@ knicks
buckspackers23::^Haha.
cbcash4678::...you serious?
knicks_11::btw wats ur fav team?
knicks_11::keep hating keep hating ..
cbcash4678::So he going to be hitting cold blooded 3's for the next 50 years....cuz as long as idiots like you exist to be hated on, rest assured I will be $@%!$@%! on them.
knicks_11::hmm.. as long as u keep on hating
knicks_11::Sixers won.
buckspackers23::I'm only bringing him up to get my point across.. calm down.
cbcash4678::Please...don't bring up joe Johnson again....it's the worst contract ever given to a player who didn't underperform...
cbcash4678::No $@%! I'm pissed.....great roster mismanaged...I feel for Jennings and Hammonds..
buckspackers23::Also, we can take in one bad contract, and dump another (Gooden).
buckspackers23::Haha, whatever. I can tell that you're pissed about this loss, management, and coaching (That's inevitable), and I understand that. But, Joe Johnson was just an idea where maybe we can get a draft pick in the deal too. I feel like the Brewers need to tank, but if they do, they may get moved out of Milwaukee. Therefore, I threw JJ out there so that we can at least win enough to get a new stadium as reassurance for the future.
cbcash4678::Btw....how long you think before melo finds a bad guy again?  He playing out of his mind now though....but...for how long?
cbcash4678::$@%! you :D
cbcash4678::Don't give a $@%! if he knows basketball according to folks who want to build around overpaid players who are both past their primes..and we're never title material to begin with...  Sorry, I'll rely on my own judgement here.
knicks_11::i really dont imagine two dudes fighting over me on the internet .. and Ive been a Knicks for the past 8 years. screw yu.
buckspackers23::Yeah, but I've actually talked with him about basketball before. He actually knows about the game. Most knick fans couldn't say the same.
cbcash4678::Sixes won...cute...YOU still a loser though.
cbcash4678::He is here solely to see upset bucks fans....or does he have dual citizenship in wizard land?  How is he NOT a troll...he obv not a fan of these teams....geez us...
buckspackers23::He's not much of a troll. I talk shit to 75% of knicks fans, because I can't stand them. But I don't like to be much of an internet warrior, such as yourself.
cbcash4678::Fitting that you make friends with a ny troll...cute..
knicks_11::yea.. they played alrite today. Melo killed the nets in the first quarter: 21 points. !!
buckspackers23::Good luck to you guys, too. If Novak and Smith play like they did last night, you'll be a tough series for the Bulls or Heat.
knicks_11::lol alrite good luck tho.. ur a good rational fan i like that.
buckspackers23::I know, just messing. They still have all road games, we'll have to win out most likely.
buckspackers23::I'll be watching the sky in a week and a half.
Milwaukee Bucks.::http://espn.go.com/nba/story/_/page/FreeAgents-12-13/nba-free-agents-2012-2013  If you wanna see the rest of the Free agents
Milwaukee Bucks.::Im getting off ill be on convo board tommorow.  Goo Bucks!!
Crobby22::The Bucks are in NBA hell.  Too stubborn to be so bad that they get good lottery picks, and too bad that they will never contend. The only way to get out of this rut in this league is to be so bad you get top lottery picks, and then still get lucky, or have the team located in a major city, of which Milwaukee will never be.
Crobby22::Why support a team when there is an owner who isnt willing to do what it takes to actually try to make a winning team.  All Kohl wants is to be the 8th seed each year so he gets his little extra playoff money.
Pinkycuh::You ever hear of a team named the supersonics?
nqwezxc::The fans don't support the team.  They played the Knicks last week (basically a playoff game) and half the stadium was empty
buckspackers23::Nobody goes in the upper decks because the stadium offers nothing besides the game. And it wasn't half empty, it was actually really loud in the fourth. We just didn't sell out.
nqwezxc::The Bucks have been officially eliminated from playoff contention
buckspackers23::False.
Milwaukee Bucks.::cool story bro
buckspackers23::@cbcash: Who pissed in your Wheaties today?
cbcash4678::Keep starting goody &amp; delfino....5 jump shooters is not a balanced lineup...this is how you like it?
cbcash4678::Not since I joined the Convo...I might have heard you say that another night...you should realize not every one of those comments was for you..a couple were for milw
buckspackers23::I actually stated multiple times that both of them have to go, maybe Gooden on the bench. But, of course you don't read anything I post unless you don't like it.
cbcash4678::Skiles did...than I had to listen to your dip $@%! comments...
Milwaukee Bucks.::Roy Hibbert, Javale Mcgee, Robin Lopez, Omer Azik are Centers who are restricted FA this summer
buckspackers23::Haha, Asik.  Brook Lopez is the better of the two, he's available as well. But, he can't rebound.   ROY HIBBERT.
DeerandBeer91::at defense..but offenses brook is way better
buckspackers23::I know, both of them are FA after this season. Just saying that if we're going after one of the two, it should be Brook.
Milwaukee Bucks.::Robin is better than Brook. He can actually play a whole season he just doesn't put up the numbers
Milwaukee Bucks.::Robin not Brook
DeerandBeer91::hibbert.. Mcgee..or Azik
Michael_Orlando_Magic4life.::I'm disappointed.  Was hoping to see Monta Ellis back in the playoffs.  Plus with the 76ers going 11-21 since the all star break I don't want to see them in the playoffs.
DeerandBeer91::i hope howard gets healty..you guys can beat the pacers..they are good though
Michael_Orlando_Magic4life.::It will be interesting to see what Monta Ellis does as a free agent this summer.
buckspackers23::He's not a FA, team option next summer. Word is he's signing a 4 year extension.
DeerandBeer91::not this summer..summer after this
Michael_Orlando_Magic4life.::He can option out this summer.
Michael_Orlando_Magic4life.::Bucks need a center.
buckspackers23::Michael Beasly, Gerald Wallace, C.J Miles.  We desperately need a 3.
smithyamiami::Simply pathetic on the part of Milwaukee.
Michael_Orlando_Magic4life.::Monta Ellis another beast game.  That guy is raw!
