Vincent Ly::I'm a clipper fan and I have seen it enough.  I did not watch the game last night but seeing them loose to Memphis is not the first time.  The problem is not the coaching it is more of the physical play of memphis.  Big guys 6-6 and above have to play better and stronger.  If Zbo score 20 plus with clip you're more likely to loose.  Clip needs 2 more guys such as Rudy gay/Paul George and David West type of player to really win a playoffs.  They don't need Lamar, Dudley.  If any team good team play physically Clipper are done.
whoaaa::Mike Miller will be a great addition for the Grizzlies.  He and Pondexter, when on the floor at the same time will provide the Grizz with outside shooting that will allow Gasol and Randolph to not be overly double teamed.
Steve::Jamaal Franklin should have stayed at San Diego State another year, at least he'd be playing and the Aztecs would be a national title contender! Instead Jamaal is riding the bench with little to no playing time. The NCAA needs to change the draft rules to keep kids in school longer, it's a shame guys like Jamaal are lured into the NBA only to sit.
Steven McCormick::I think the Clippers did just about everything they could possibly do.   The scores on this game were so close . . . it could have gone either way.  They were outscored by 4 points . . .. I don't call that a decisive win for  Memphis.  De Andre Jordon didn't score much,  but his rebounding was over the top [16 rebounds --- that's amazing]   I would like to see the Clipper bench make a bigger contribution --- Lamar Odom on their bench could really make the difference --- wise move to re-sign him.
PKM::Memphis in 4th place in their division.  Yikes
Anton::Big win by Memphis. Their finally hitting their cylinders.
Ddog::These two teams have eliminated each other from the playoffs the last two seasons. So does anyone think that this has the makings of a great rivalry?
Ignacio::It's the same old story. Even without Tony Allen the Grizzlies ate up Griffin and Jordan in the paint offensively and defensively. CP3 always has a tough time defending Mike Conley and not to mention even more Tony Parker. The Clips still can't defend the paint, the outside 3pt shot and even in the perimeter. No defense and you're out in the first round. A preview of the playoffs right here.
Goran::The only thing that Clippers are needing right now is two shooters from behind the ark ( someone like Reggie Miller or Ray Allen or Kobler or ...) and then they'd be killing everybody in the league and everywhere . J.J. Redick CAN NOT have that role
fup duck::the Yahoo headline credits Randolph and Conley for the win.  Fine but what about the monster performance by Gasol?
