Greenway5215::The twolves should fire their trainer
eototalt::Either that or return the stuff someone took from an ancient Native American burial mound. lol
Pusha Tonn::If we were healthy, we would be like the Grizz: Marc Gasol, Z-Bo, Speights ---&gt; K-Love, Pek, Dante, Derrick Williams, Stiemsma Conley, Bayless ---&gt; Rubio, JJ, Luke Gay, Pondexter ---&gt; AK, Chase Allen, Ellington ---&gt; B-Roy, Shved  Wait...we're deeper, better and we have Rick Adelman :)  wolves 9-0
derek_510::wow grizzlies bigs absolutely sh*t% on minnesotas.  and no, broy and shved are liabilities on defense.
Pusha Tonn::you know nothing about european basketball, Shved is a good defender. when Rubio went to the NBA people like you said "he isn't big enough", "he's another soft euro b-ball player".... then he proved he was the best defender on the team and steals like 2 balls per game, even more. so please, learn something and then talk
eototalt::Love is hands down the best PF in the game. Nobody else even comes close.
eototalt::His Gold Medal says otherwise.
MN is a joke::overrated
Pr0ject_sky::Wolves roster isn't even close to the talent level of the Grizz. Love is overrated he gets big stats because of his garbage team just like monte did. B-roy is a shell of what he use to be same with AK-47, Pek is okay hes an up and coming player and rubio is okay too. Gotta give you the plus with Adelman but come on man, if the wolves were that good you guys wouldn't be picking in the lottery year in and year out.  Comparing your roster to the Grizz is a joke and even more so when your comparing it the Miami Heat.
Pusha Tonn::lol, look, Im a grizz fan too, but a healthy wolves team &gt; grizz, and im talking about THIS years wolves, why you talk about the lottery?. If you compare this years wolves roster to the grizz roster and think we're a JOKE and say AK is a shell of what he used to be, you sir know nothing about basketball. Marc is great, so is Z-Bo and Conley, Allen is the best perimeter defneder IMO and I dont like Rudy Gay at all, he shoots too much and Lionel Hollins is a good coach. the rest are meh players. we have the deepest bench in the NBA, and they're good: Shved &gt; Ellington by miles; AK and Chase &gt; Pondexter; Dante &gt; Speights...etc etc etc
eototalt::Lol what a homer.
Pusha Tonn::Im sick about these bobcats and warriors fans talking about they're injured too. damn, you guys have 2 injuries...TWO!! Bogut and Rush. thats cool. I'm going to repeat it cause you're slow: two players, dos, due, deux. we have 6, SIX, seis, sei, six. Imagine the Heat without lebron, wade, bosh, chalmers, ray allen and another injured player ----&gt;  a fu.cking joke. Imagine the Grizz without Marc, z-bo, Gay, conley, and add 2 more players out------&gt; piece of sh.it.  And so on, so please, stop the comparisons. thank you.
derek_510::you know how i know these minnesota fans are idiots?  ^that "pek &gt; bogut"....must have never seen bogut play prior to this season.  "imagine heat without lebron wade....." just stop right there.  why even compare heat to minnesota?  minnesota is a team STRUGGLING to get into the playoffs.
Pusha Tonn::you must have never seen Pek play, he would eat bogut "the injury prone" alive. and I compared them because my point is we are still 5-4 without those players. imagine the heat without 6 players...they would be 0-8. they would play battier, cole, haslem, james jones and mike miller...looooool what a joke. you must be slow as $@%!
derek_510::and i said these.  not all.
Pr0ject_sky::Andew Bogut would be the starting center for either team when healthy and rush would be coming the first person off the bench or even starting for the wolves.  Wolves starting five is good but it's not that good. Your only fooling yourself if you think so.
eototalt::Pekovic &gt; Bogut
SB4LlFE::no one is comparing! wolves' fans were making excuses and excuses about the injuries all night long.
Rjsyufy::Why does everyone think Bogut got injured again. Theyre just resting his PREVIOUSLY injured ankle.
schubes05::I told everyone before the season started that Shved and Singler would be great this year as rookies and no one believed me...LMAO guess no one watches any Euroleague games.
eototalt::Singler played in Europe after leaving Duke?
Pusha Tonn::you're damn right lol
Pr0ject_sky::Good game for both teams. See a bunch of Wolves fans saying well if we had full strength roster we would have crushed the Dubs.. Dubs are not at full strength as well. Also a lot of the wolves that are injured seem to be always injured. Wolves fans don't really think Broy is going to be as good as he was in his early portland years do they? and Love is just as often injured as Bogut. Real question is who comes back to their team first.
510baysports::The T' Wolves look like the 1955 lakers !! lol
Sainthubbins56::It helped having the greatest center in the history of the game, you know the guy Lakers fans (and sportswriters) forget about when naming their all time teams.
eototalt::I'll take that. Those Minneapolis Lakers won 5 titles.
Curryftw443::Wolves fans, you guys aren't the only ones that have injuries. You also have to realize that the Warriors are playing without their center, Andrew Bogut, as well and Brandon Rush. So, it would be a good match-up if both teams were at full strength.
purplepride5435::Wolves are missing 4 of their starting 5.  The only starter GSW were missing was Bogut.
minny snowta::what he said and a bag of chips! love is more valuable and better  than both bogut and rush.  and individually i would take roy, rubio, pek and chase before i took either bogus or wash.
Pr0ject_sky::LOL Love is so overrated it's not funny. No you wouldn't take any of the 4 players above Bogut and you know it too, you would trade all 4 of them for Bogut and Rush.
eototalt::We know you have injuries but you can't compare the loss of Bogut and Rush to Love, Rubio, Pekovic, Barea, Roy, and Budinger. You have injuries...the Wolves have INJURIES.
eototalt::GO Wolves!
tbousu::Howard needs to realize that he doesn't need to shoot ten times in 14 minutes. Also,  Ridnour being in a shooting slump is a huge reason we aren't pulling out these wins. Great time for 4 days off.
theiggyshow::wolves are way too injured right now...as a fan i did not even watch this game...i can't wait till they get healthy
Hans0184::Yeah... true... So I hear that Kenyon Martin is available!? We should really cut Lou Amundson and get him...
eototalt::That would be nice but I think we can only afford vet minimum.
eototalt::It was worth watching. The Wolves looked like they were going to run away with it. They were killing the Warriors early on but they just stopped hitting their shots and playing defense. Shved was awesome tonight. It's great to see him adapting to the NBA game.
eototalt::Before that we were up 12 and it didn't look like we would slow down. But sadly we did.
Hans0184::Idk about looking like we ran away with it they were up 53 50 at the half....but it was a good game.. nice to see D will do something for once.. and Shved looked good as well he should really get the start over Lee
eototalt::I am hoping both teams make the playoffs but to be honest I am just happy we are hanging in with a lot of these teams and even beating some of them with all the injuries we have. That bodes well for the Wolves going forward. This is one hell of a deep team. Love is back in a week and a half, Rubio a couple weeks after that and Budinger around the All Star Break. Once everyone gets healthy and hopefully stays that way lol the Wolves will be a team to reckon with. I have never seen a team this deep.
Hans0184::lol it gave you a more or less button for one letter!
eototalt::lol
dcenate004::Wolves are better without Love and that overrated french dude they call rubio
minny snowta::omg! you got nothing right, you even think rubio is french?  are you even an nba fan or just typing $#!t on daddy's computer.  go to bed son!
eototalt::You win Dumbest Comment of the Day Award. Also Rubio is Spanish not French, big difference.
Pusha Tonn::dumbest comment of the year. even a Heat fan knows Rubio's from Spain lol
rleroy1967::Minnesota has more shoreline than California!
Erik76290::Wolves will make the playoffs and the Warriors won't. Wait till the Wolves get to full strength. They will be dangerous
Curryftw443::You also have to realize that the Warriors are playing without their center as well and Brandon Rush. So, it would be a good match-up if both teams were at full strength.
Hans0184::^^^^
Mr. Bradford::Minnesota has the best defense in the league and a top 10 offense, and that's with all those injuries.
Hans0184::You are all about the past Juno... this is the present and if you watched basektball in general and weren't just another cali homer... you would clearly realize then when we get to full strength we would crush the warriors.. not saying you won't also make the playoffs in the wide open west.. However, the wolves at full strength&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Warriors full strength...
junoNCAL::stop kidding yourself, wolves havent been relevant since 2005
minny snowta::when was the last time the warriors were relevant? i can't even remember!
Hans0184::Good win by the Warriors.. but hey I don't see how you are all so down on the wolves.. we get a much need 4 days rest.. and by then Pek, Roy. and Barrea should be back... and a week or so after that Love should be back... and as of right now we are still 2nd in our division and 6th in the west... All I see is upside...
dreamhax::Calling GS average offensively is ignorant and hilarious. Yes on paper so far this season they have been average but in reality they are far from average.
Hans0184::Same goes for the Wolves with chemistry... our entire team is new.. except for love rubio ridinor and barrea... 3 of which are injured.. therefore an entire new team at the moment....
Mr. Bradford::Really? Let me back myself up then...  Warriors total points: 87, 94, 114, 92, 106, 77, 101, 92, 106. That's 21st in the NBA. That's not average?  Field goal percentage: 11th in the NBA. Not that average?
Hans0184::I think he is just hyped up because they put up 106 on the best defensive team in the NBA
junoNCAL::you tell em brah. i know their strengths. it will all come into play once the chemistry kicks in and bogut comes back
Mr. Bradford::Remember when the Timberwolves were 4-1? Oh yea.   Minnesota needs help defensively like crazy. Golden state gets 58 points in the paint and 50 total rebounds? Jeeze!!
eototalt::Remember how half the Wolves roster is injured? Yeah not having Love and Pekovic does hurt your paint game.
polo81920::Best pick in the draft...Harrison Barnes! Jordan was dumb to pass on this kid with the second pick, and frankly, I would take him over Anthony Davis anyday....Davis just had that Kensucky hype.
brandonstephensy::MKG is second coming of Pippen. So No. MJ made the right decision
fredsnotdeadyet::I was really hoping Barnes would have went to Bobcats. He will be a stud and GS got a great ball player
eototalt::Best undrafted Rookie... Alexey Shved
junoNCAL::WARRIORS ALL DAY NIKKAS!!! ahaha expected win doe wolves suck so bad  #warriorsalldayerrday #wolvessuck
Pr0ject_sky::Full strength roster Warriors have more talent then the Wolves.
Mr. Bradford::Warriors need a lot of work done. They're average offensively, a bit rough defensively, average in terms of field goal percentage, a tad sub par in terms of free throw percentage, average in assists per game.  There is nothing about the Warriors that just makes you say "wow, they're good at this!" Nothing at all.
junoNCAL::we are pretty talented, we lost rush and bogut that's all  but we do need a superstar, hopefully barnes or curry rises to the occasion
Mr. Bradford::Too long ago, but I do remember 2011 :)  Haha  Y'all need to bring in some better talent. The sooner, the better
junoNCAL::uhh i rather take a lil above average than being in the bottom of the league  we improving! also, remember 2007? :)
56grandemac::Sorry broy, take care of your knees so you can walk when your 30. Wish you were still a blazer! Good Luck!
goodfellanate::Wow Derrick Williams finally had a decent game
DrawohWasHere::Wow...  just looked at the box and see that.   Also, Barnes had a good one as well.
Is It In Yet.::Go Warriors!
AthleticWarriorRaiderPaisa::W A R R I O R S
Skylander14::Who writes the recap? They start off the article making it sound like the "magnificant 9" are the reason the Wolves got off to a quick start. Since the roster was depleted to 9 players the Wolves have been 0-2....The hot start came when they still had  a couple starters that weren't injured. Clearly some ill-informed intern must have wrote this c.rap.
DrawohWasHere::whaaaaaaa
JohnMosbyGuy::It's ok... We'll remember not to show any grace or sportsmanship what-so-ever when our team is healthy and we obliterate your BS players. Don't cry about it when the meow is unleashed.
trademarktaz::24 years later, the Timberwolves are still chasing their first conference title... lol...
schubes05::they got the conference title in '04 with KG
Poopygas::hate my sports life since the teams I root for suck.
gsraider::Go Warriors! I'm glad the wolves were injured for this game but once healthy they are a lock for playoffs....they only miss playoffs if they dig themselves to deep a hole.
eototalt::or get injured more lol :(
eototalt::Well I am out! GG Warriors, good luck going forward when you aren't playing us. ;)
WarriorsWarrior::Gg
Minnysota Vikings::Wolves should cut Amundson and sign Kenyon Martin.
Hans0184::is he available!? Hell yeah we should... Or I wouldn't mind I heard that we were thinking of getting korver from the blazers somehow....
Monte Irvin::as a Warrior fan I'm jealous of all the pre-season love (no pun intended) the Wolves got.
Poopygas::Get cancer already wolves hater
eototalt::shut up troll
dlhouse18::Can you see why?
Monte Irvin::oh I get why, the mediots like to build you up so they can tear you down.
guitarz776::actually alot of what i saw had the warriors in the same conversaton, article, vid clip or w.e
eototalt::With good reason a healthy Wolves roster is very dangerous. I am actually amazed that we are able to hang with and beat some teams with our 2nd and 3rd string. Big props to Adelman.
WarriorsWarrior::Maybe I don't respect Minnesota because the Warriors hav won 9 out of the last 11 games !!!
Poopygas::He meant against the wolves
eototalt::aah. That stat isn't surprising seeing how our overall roster last year sucked. So happy to get rid of Beasley, Wes Johnson, Darko etc.
eototalt::no they haven't lol  you guys are 5-4
guitarz776::i think hes talking about head to head
Timdiz85::anybody think bazemore&gt;jefferson at this point?
dlhouse18::Which Jefferson?
dlhouse18::Oh right they both play for GS.  I'd say no.
Timdiz85::richard
eototalt::I hope Roy plays for the Portland game.
Monte Irvin::to be fair, I don't think the W's as constructed would ever get out of the 1st round unless Bogut makes some kind of miracle recovery.
guitarz776::like the wolves they could win a series if they got a 4-6 seed and avoided a clipper, laker or thunder series
eototalt::I agree I don't think we win the FInals this year but I think we could get to the 2nd round.
Poopygas::we wont win another game against the warriors for a long time to come.
Chad84804::I like Malcom Lee's Defense.. +12 .. Not bad.....
Monte Irvin::+/- numbers really don't have much meaning over an entire season,. much less in a single game.
dlhouse18::The Lee*/Shved combo I really like.
Ailurophobia::I really wish my C's would have kept the Steamer. Miss his presence.
eototalt::He is a good defensive presence for us. He needs help though, not meant to play starters minutes.
dlhouse18::He could start on some teams if he developed some offense,speed, and coordination.
dlhouse18::He runs kind of strange!
eototalt::lol
dlhouse18::PG: Rubio/Ridnour/Barea SG: Shved/Roy/Lee SF: Kirilenko/Budinger/Howard/Williams PF: Love/Cunningham/Williams/Amundson C : Pekovic/Steimsma  1 of Ridnour/Barea is expendable. Probably Luke because he's older. DWill is also expendable to cut salary.
dlhouse18::Roy may also find his way off the roster if things don't go well. I still think he should be okay. That's plenty of salary that can be used right there.
dlhouse18::Rats! Because he's hurt the longest!
Monte Irvin::that should be good enough for a late lottery, 1st round exit playoff team for years to come.
Monte Irvin::jmo.
eototalt::Stop being a jerk. Nobody here is hating on the Warriors. I like their roster and I hope both teams make the playoffs.
Ailurophobia::Yeah, get rid of another black guy...
eototalt::How do you forget Budinger? lol
dlhouse18::4
Ailurophobia::Out two months, right?
Ailurophobia::Does Juno not comment on GS games??? No surprise.
jay98841::klay thompson shooting bricks haha -russel westbrick
Poopygas::My wolves wont win many games this season.
Chad84804::go away
Chad84804::BUCKS fan...and a Packer fan
eototalt::Trolling doesn't improve your life any. Just stop.
Tebow For Hire::Zach Randolph looks like he'd punch a baby for free.
Monte Irvin::Blake Griffith is no prize, either.  He's not at all a nice guy like his grandfather Andy.
SFWildcard::He ended B Rush season already
guitarz776::so he's a human being?? i dont get it...
Ailurophobia::Golden State sucks.
Poopygas::That was for Juno not all gs fans. Warriors have tons of talent.
Monte Irvin::Things are changing in Golden State, and soon you will have to eat your words.  Sometime in 2014 you'll be saying "San Francisco sucks".
Monte Irvin::yeah, you did.
Ailurophobia::I didn't.
Monte Irvin::You may have missed the point there a little bit.
Ailurophobia::Fair point. Love David Lee regardless of where he's playing.
Ailurophobia::That's for you Juno.
Rajon-tripledouble-Rondo::Good game Wolves, way to fight back.
eototalt::I can't wait to get our team back. I want to watch it all together. Should be beautiful. I also want revenge against Kobe for injuring Rubio.
Poopygas::My wolves are a bad team. Bet you gs fans are laughing at our team.
Chad84804::He is a BUCKS fan guys!!!
guitarz776::I HHAAAATEEE WISCONSIN!!!!!
Monte Irvin::not at all, just at the fans of the team.
Tebow For Hire::You're a clown troll, bro.
WarriorsWarrior::PG: Rubio SG: Shved SF: Kirilenko PF: Love C  : Pekovic   Actually like the gs Starting lineup better
schubes05::Wow Minny almost has the Euroleague all-star team on their roster! Just switch Love for Pau and you'd have it.
famousfoot1000::I hope thats a joke, not a single person in that lineup would start for a healthy wolves team, maybe Thompson
WarriorsWarrior::bogut Lee Barnes Klay Curry
eototalt::lol
Chad84804::Dante, Howard, Roy and JJ of the bench..  WOW!! Please get healthy... please
guitarz776::as a warriors fan thats to be expected. Pretty close in my opinion
dlhouse18::@eo  Dinameetay said he downloaded the update last August I think. It was before a Twins game. I thought he said 67, but maybe it was lower.
dlhouse18::I thought it was 12. IDK I don't play either. I only play The Show for sports games.
eototalt::Are you talking about 12 or 13? I was talking about 13
dlhouse18::Yeah it had to be 12 bc it was definitely before October.
dlhouse18::Roy was like 82 or something. They were pretty high on him.
eototalt::Our starting lineup come playoff time. The Wolves and even the Warriors should be dangerous towards the end of the season  PG: Rubio SG: Shved SF: Kirilenko PF: Love C  : Pekovic
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::I wish I could've watched Rubio play against Steph tonight.
SFWildcard::You need an Asian player
eototalt::All 2 are taken lol
Tebow For Hire::No they reary don't
guitarz776::Barea, Roy/Budinger, Howard, Cunningham, Stiemsma aint a shabby bench either
Tebow For Hire::The European Union
SFWildcard::United Nations
Monte Irvin::lol @ 'and even the Warriors'.  How gracious of you to include them.
eototalt:::)
