csaeteurn::First time seeing a Jazz troll rooting for the Warriors going against the Lakers.
bcumm69::Lavoy Allen! Really that's the best you can do. Awful!
AndrewIan62::My dad said if I got 50 likes he would buy me a car
JuMueller::get a job
AndrewIan62::This is so good I hate the Lakers
torrtis::Wow Jrue Holiday -38.
rbmw263::that cant be right...
rbmw263::Lakers almost made a comeback then Kobe chucked 5 bricks in a row.
mikeisildur::I like the 2 missed FTs at the end
cShOx::Lakers 2015 Line Up C- Dwight Howard PF- Kevin Love SF- LeBron James SG- Kobe Bryant PG- John Wall
Darkflame07::And raised taxes on all LA residents to pay for that lineup......
AndrewIan62::Only Lakers fans  No Clippers fans
mikeisildur::Kobe should have retired years ago, he's just dragging the Lakers down with his brickfest and monster salary now
mikeisildur::Not that I'm complaining
JWalk9267::Jazz's lineup of   PG Trey Burke SG Alec Burks SF Gordon Hayward PF Derrick Favors C Enes Kanter  wins by 30
AndrewIan62::Trey NO Charlotte gets him
JWalk9267::In the ESPN mock draft machine Trey Burke is now being projected to be selected at pick #13 by the Mavs with the Jazz getting Michael Carter-Williams.
R Barron::Honestly, I'm still not sure Burke is a better fit for us than MCW. Williams will just take more time. Gotta work on the jumper.
Real_Salt Lake::Pretty awesome how the crowd cheered for Carroll when he checked in.
KKhan04::Did Corbin get ejected cause Derrick and Enes played more than Paul and Al?
King of the Echo People::He must have listened to Hornacek for once. :)
mikeisildur::Lakers getting smacked around.  They'll only be 1 game up, and we have the tiebreaker.
CarlyJoni::Do the Jazz even want to make the playoffs?  They have 5 solid wins left on the schedule.  The rest are questionable.
cShOx::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
free derrick favors::we have tiebreaker against dallas too. Plus we have 8 home games left
rbmw263::Memphis likely wont be playing for anything, so that may be winnable.
rbmw263::We HAVE to find a way to win @ Portland and/or @ minny. Both SHOULD be winnable games.
Andrew James Bynum::Oh well Jazz, we let y'all win so you could knock my former team out the playoff ;)  Don't lets us down.
free derrick favors::Nice fro
Andrew James Bynum::You'll will be an All Star one day.  Keep working hard young blood.
R Barron::What if this was ACTUALLY Andrew Bynum?
Andrew James Bynum::Bro It is me, remember I'm taking this whole season off ;)
Andrew James Bynum::Wow Philly..............just wow.
tfoutz31::awesome, just like your hair andrew bynum
King of the Echo People::Andrew James Bynum - I wish our team record was awesome :(  Philly will bounce back next year. Millsap and Jefferson are available. :)
tfoutz31::your jerseys?
Andrew James Bynum::I wish our team record was awesome :(
tfoutz31::derrick favors is Karl Malone reincarnated
King of the Echo People::Favors has the potential to be an even better defender than Malone was. He has a long way to go on the offensive side though. This is why Greg Miller needs to let Malone at least work with Favors and Kanter in the summer.
R Barron::Give it a couple years, man. We'll see
JWalk9267::Lakers will finish with 39-41 wins. The Jazz can get to 39 wins fairly easily (games vs Phoenix, Portland, Minn, NO and @ Minn) but if we want to make it we should try to get to 41 or 42 wins (vs Brooklyn, @GS) We have a shot, and a decent one at that. But is it worth it to lose a lottery pick?
rbmw263::I think LA finishes with 41-43 wins
King of the Echo People::I just hope they beat Brooklyn again so D-Will stays winless vs the Jazz.
tfoutz31::that would be very nice
YoundStud::Weren't the Jazz in the playoff picture before?
King of the Echo People::Yes they were, but then Ty Corbin and the veteran players decided they should start losing.
adamsbrian88::He want's to make it look like he saved the team so that he can keep his job
CarlyJoni::Home sweet home.  But can you ever win on the road?  At  least one time, that will guarantee you a place in the post season.  Please?
milk_n_cookies14::I know Corbin is gonna look at this game and see that all of the starters and Earl Watson had a positive +/- while Kanter, Evans, Burks, and Carrol had a negative +/-
scow79::Corbin doesn't even know what +/- is.
adamsbrian88::"we just gotta get better"
tfoutz31::they recognized their mistakes
tfoutz31::hes handicapped
tfoutz31::the black sloth played only 18 min?? am I seeing things?
RespectThaGame::"Black sloth"? Racist much?
tfoutz31::good thing we had that big lead
JWalk9267::he was hurt? (I didn't watch the game)
rbmw263::Elbowed in the mouth, then the Jazz were up 20 the rest of the way
tfoutz31::my bad he was hurt...
tfoutz31::ya he got popped in the mouth and cried about it
YoundStud::Woo! Good Job Sixers! More of this!
Serg Abaka::I missed this game, was Corbin just a bad as usual? I see that the Jamaal for Earl swap was made lol
adamsbrian88::after earl traveled in two consecutive possessions....
Cam Newton stole my laptop so I cant comment::This is the worst Sixers, Flyers, and Eagles seasons I have ever witnessed. This sucks to suck!
King of the Echo People::Did you get a new laptop or did Cam return your old one?
free derrick favors::Favors needs some post moves. Call up Karl already!
adamsbrian88::Pull your head out Greg and pick up the phone. Maybe Karl can slap corbin around too
tfoutz31::favors just needs to contact that guy directly and vice versa
King of the Echo People::That's exactly why Malone wants to help out. He can see that Favors can be a all-star with his help. Karl could help Favors and Kanter in a lot of ways.
rbmw263::They will come. He is only 21. Not too many big men are polished offensively that young.
rbmw263::How many number 3 picks didnt touch a basketball til 14?
rbmw263::Kanter is a freak
tfoutz31::I was gonna say the same thing
Serg Abaka::Except for Kanter
knicks_11::damn mavs fans  shud be mad  at u guys
free derrick favors::LOL @ LA  Corbin is trying his best to miss the playoffs but the Lakers might not let us
King of the Echo People::The Lakers are a joke.
Francis4345::Lakers should be Top 3 teams in the West... but battling for 8th spot. At least Jazz as a reason to be there ; worst coaching of all time
tfoutz31::gettin smoked by GS I see
rbmw263::steph currys release is stupid quick
Francis4345::Metta World War attack
kseejulz::what happened with holliday/thaddeus tonight?
kseejulz::lol
tfoutz31::elbows right to their mouths
aberwhit::what happened to jefferson
tfoutz31::elbow right to his mouth
jph10::Is there anyone out there that would still pick Turner over Favors?
rbmw263::I can think of 30 teams that would pick Favors
tfoutz31::jazz never picked favors
TAC0REV::The Sixers took Turner with the second pick, instead of Favors who went third to the Nets.
R Barron::No way. Not that turner is that bad. But if favors got 30+ minutes for a season, he might get MIP
JWalk9267::Corbin
jazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz i know right::Al Jefferson, toughest man in the nba ; )
jazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz i know right::I love how he iced his lip for half the game. Poor Big Baby Al
milk_n_cookies14::I swear he gets hit in the face or eye every game  and has the same exact reaction
JWalk9267::fighting through all those excruciating elbows
R Barron::How good would the sixers have been with a healthy Bynum? What happens with him next year?
JWalk9267::some team will pay him. Probably the Bobcats (given they don't draft a big man)
tfoutz31::no ones gonna want those bad knees, or they just give him the veterans minimum
rbmw263::UFA
Francis4345::Good night for Lakers fans ;)
R Barron::Good game. No giant runs with the bench players staying in
tfoutz31::haha
derrick_rose_is_my_brother::Al Jefferson &gt; Carmelo Anthony
R Barron::Nah
rbmw263::ok
rbmw263::no
derrick_rose_is_my_brother::do u agree wit meh
JWalk9267::meh
JWalk9267::yea, Al is a better rebounder and does pass a little more
derrick_rose_is_my_brother::do u agree
Beerd0135::Maybe the Pistons could trade Knight to the Jazz for their 1st round pick.
King of the Echo People::I thought Knight died that night he was dunked on.
JWalk9267::only if we get the Piston's first round pick along with him
tfoutz31::id rather have holiday
milk_n_cookies14::Freakin love Kanter interviews
TAC0REV::Haaha yeah I have no idea what he just said.
pasinpman::The Jazz look a lot better when Heywood gets minutes.
adamsbrian88::Gordon Hairwave
tfoutz31::fesenkos were better
TAC0REV::Heywood? I think you mean Harwick.
Mo_Bryson933151::The game is afoot:  http://tinyurl.com/free-nba-challenge4
Beerd0135::Any reason Thad Young played only 17 minutes?
EarlxThexPearlxWatsonx6thmanoftheyear::earl watson is a +1.5 career, its no surprise hes continuing that trend... sorry his shot rimmed out and the ref called a phantom travel
jazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz i know right::This guy is obviously Corbin trying to troll us.
TAC0REV::You're delusional. Earl Watson is easily one of the WORST players in the NBA, if not THE worst.
mikeisildur::He is the most obvious troll I have ever seen
sportsfan1014::Tinsley &amp; Waston? Jazz need a real pg next season..
jason21382::Could not agree more
sportsfan1014::Earl Watson = +6 so far, not too bad
rbmw263::0-5. as many turnovers as assists
sportsfan1014::he is sooo Kobe tonight..
milk_n_cookies14::Theres 4 other players on the court that make him look good
R Barron::I go so back and forth on if I want us to make the playoffs or not. Lakers out, but might cost us trey Burke. E might be up to the tenth spot by now anyways though. Then there are still other guys available though. Oh well
TAC0REV::Earl Watson is flat out GARBAGE. NO team in the NBA would even invite him to their training camp, let alone sign him to a contract. And yet, this season Ty Corbin has consistently played him over MUCH more talented players in Burks and Carroll.
adamsbrian88::Earl go home
rbmw263::holy Earl stop it
milk_n_cookies14::Earl Watson......
milk_n_cookies14::Lakers gettin blown the fk out
HOLLOW51386::LAKERS STILL WILL WIN THE 8TH SPOT
jacksuenram::how special
jason21382::meh,
R Barron::Burks has been aggressive tonight. Love it. Another dnp or just garbage time for carrol. That's frustrating
TAC0REV::Meanwhile Watson is air-balling and travelling his way to another worthless 0-for-5 performance. Literally 13 WASTED minutes.
