Nolan Hughes::Congrats to Carmelo on reaching 18,000 points. ESPN should check to see if he set a record for most FG attempts to get to 18,000pt
Trinity Hutagalung::Yes melo his better than james
Robert Rtype Taylor::Lmfao!!!!!
Alex Vargas::Trinity Hutagalung mike james?
Chris Del Vecchio::James Dolan guarantees a Knicks win tonight....so Hawks win in a blowout.
Matt Washburn::Hawks wins easy The Knicks are pathetic
Montana Boyxd::It's 6 games into the season..they're fine just a rough start
Cody Perin::@Montana: Last season when they started 9-0 every Knicks fan was laying claim to the Finals spot for the East.... They're just not very good.....
Derrick J Flynn::How'd that prediction workout for you?
Nate Fischer::the knicks suck
Shaun Mitts::you suddden "hawks fans" can bash Anthony all u want. He sparked that 7-0 run in the 4th all by himself.  and bargs killed it on the boards with 12. Game wasnt perfect but Anthony delivered to Mr. Dolans Need. Im happy. #knickstape
Kyle Austin Sterling::cool...
Jay Wahl::Knicks beating the Hawks front page on ESPN? Hey NYC.. that team is dog sh/t.. They're probably a 6 - 7 seed.
Nolan Hughes::not to mention that when Stamkos got an injury that will keep him out for half the season was the 7th biggest story on their home page when it first came out. So I guess: Boring Knicks game trumps top 3 NHL player has serious injury according to ESPN
Ryan Keith Overstreet::Just wait last season was no fluke
Daniel Panda Jurado::Nolan Hughes It's because: 1. Basketball makes more money than hockey 2. New York is a bigger market than Tampa Bay
Reeves Cox::Let's go HAWKS! Beat the Knicks! Keep up the great offensive attack! And keep clamping down on defense like we have the last two wins and we'll be on our way to a 5-3 start. GO HAWKS!
Armand N Berdynaj::Leave it to the Knicks..  Their first ever Guarantee game 7 win,   IS GAME 7 OF THE REGULAR SEASON!
Michael D. Wright::Are you out of your mind? You were ready to troll them had they lost, no Knicks fan has made such a statement, and you imagine it out of the same fat air that you were born from?
Armand N Berdynaj::Michael D. Wright I am a Knick fan, very sadly, sir...
Lenny Len Len Liriano::James Dolan you piece of crap owner just stfu and stop putting pressure on the team moron.
Josh Chapman::You know you're weak on the glass when Andrea Bargnani gets 11 rebounds
Chris Blair::Bargs hustled more for boards in this game than in forever, if not ever was crazy.
Shawn Bento::Poor dog in a Knicks jersey.  That's animal abuse.
Andy P Kordyban::110 - 92 Hawks.
Andrew McGee::I love melo but a championship will never come with the Knicks he needs to go to the lakers. Team up for Kobe for his finally 2 seasons and go beat the heat.
Michael Turner::yeah man, teaming up to play with a 37 year old Kobe who is coming off the worst injury in sports will guarantee a title.Brilliant post.
Ian Kiar::Hey there's a typo ESPN - the box score says Bargnani got 11 rebounds. Looks like you have an extra 1.
Javier Herrera::If Woodson were to be Lakers head coach I'd be happy as hell. Dude gets no love.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::thanks for showing up today at home hawks... there goes my money
Clint Czar Jefferson::It's only the second quarter..
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::Clint Czar Jefferson i betted 1h
Ben Black::The hawks are playing good basketball, the knicks are hitting shots, they just need to rotate and contest the wide open ones
Phillip Walker::Al Horford is the most underrated player in the NBA, world
Matt Washburn::I've got under 50 wins for the Knicks. Easy money. What a joke.
Michael D. Wright::The season is 82 games long. Don't go congratulating yourself yet.
Dave Galehouse::Is it possible to go 9-25 and "lead" your team yo victory
Clint Czar Jefferson::Mello dribbles the ball extremely too much.
James J. Johnson Jr.::Not easy being a native New Yorker living in ATL
Matt Washburn::Why is this on ESPN? Both teams suck.
Glenn Rosado::Guess they don't suck enough if you took time out of your night to post on here, right?
Kyle Austin Sterling::both were playoff teams last year genius.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::cmon hawks! tie this game b4 the 4th
Julie Price::Why does Felton start?
Shawn Bento::Melo = pro bricklayer
