john.finegan23::the dubs will make a run, lets go dubs its playoff time but we need that 6 seed gooo dubs ill be cheering you on from Chicago we believe!
Shockersbatman280z::Exit in 1st round!
Sannnders::Congratulations Warriors!  They have been a very fun and exciting team to watch this season, I wish them well in the playoffs
NguyenDragon::Congrats Warriors... Its good to see new teams in the playoffs...
200kballer::flop-award to kirilenko,  really dude, that's a normal nba foul, and no he wasnt hit in the face. get it right.
LeBron James Ruined My Fantasy Playoffs::Congrats Warriors fans... It's been a while.
sumodude28::Warriors need the #6 seed... Play and bat the Clippers is a possibility  Playing OKC or Spurs could be very ugly if W's fall to #7 spot
troy_green1::True. OKC is dangerous and the Warriors haven't won a game in San Antonio in like 20 years. Still I'm excited no matter who G State faces. This Warriors team is competent in half court basketbal,  plays D and rebounds. If the shooting is o Warriors will be a tough matchup for any team.
naniredcard::4 words: Good Job, Mark Jackson
mikehoops24::The Warriors are like Raiders, overhyped every season and go home disappointed at the end of each season! That's Oakland for you! Losers
Abrazil14::Raiders are arguably the worst team in the nfl.. Have been for the past few years. Warriors, however are one of the top ten best teams.
andyge2003::Just antoher troll..........waits until after the finals are over and then roots for the winner so he is never disappointed, and always says his team won it all.
androo415514::mike you are delusional. the warriors are under rated. the lakers are over-rated if you want to talk about over-rated teams. the rockets get more hype yet have a worse record. go home you know nothing.
youngly21::Except the Warriors were projected to end the year 13th in the west and completely miss the playoffs...and now they're in...doesnt sound overrated to me...idiot
mikehoops24::Warriors are 1 and done! Their Coach is terrible, they play no defense, and shoot 3's. The playoffs is not the regular season. Step Curry, plays no Defense like his overrated brother at Duke who did nothing in the tourney when it counted. Mark Jackson always talking like he is the best coach ever. Come on Mark what have you won besides Rookie of the Year, nothing!
andyge2003::David Lee could play for mikehoops24, didn't know he was a coach in the league
troy_green1::We are moving up in the sports world. A few games this season the board was spammed, now this. Things are looking up!
naniredcard::why does it matter if they are 1 and done? this team hasnt even been in the playoffs in years? Let them celebrate making it before worrying about advancing.
davidsan1001::Love it!  Haters!!  We are now the spotlight!!  I think Bogut plays a little defense, Thompson aint bad either.  Lee is no slouch for his size and is a rebounding machine. Can you say 20/10 leader of the NBA.
mikehoops24::That's 1 player bro. Bogut, you never know which one you will get, K. Thompson is inconsistent whenever he miss 2-3 shots in a row, he puts his head down, and I agree with you David Lee is the most underrated PF in the league, this guy could play for me any day. D.Lee is a stud!
mikehoops24::Hater, don't think so! Warriors are just a terrible team! Dude the Warriors have not won anything since 1975 and it will continue to be that way. You guys have the bomb weed but your Basketball team is overrated like their bullet head coach!
jessejubilee::Hey dork, Golden State became the first eighth seed to defeat a top seed in a seven game series in 2007, so shut your pie hole and watch as the dubs wreck shop in the playoffs this year.
androo415514::times change.. and we are witnessing that happen right before our eyes!
youngly21::Your life is overrated...you should end it
ZinBayArea::We have haters now?  Things must be picking up!
DreDazer::they could just as easily have wrote 2nd time in 6 years...
mikehoops24::The Warriors are so terrible no one in the NBA Remembers or Cares!
youngly21::Same could be said about you
SacramentoKingsHereWeStay::Good job Warriors
Barreldarrel::Warriors! ha ha 2 post season appearances in 19 years. Not too shabby. Go Dubs.
grelar::0/10 shooting from Rubio again.  This guy's shot is so consistently bad it's amazing.  I've never seen anything like it.  Ever.
tman8010::Bricky Rubio helped the Warriors out last night.
clippers-represent::ricky rubio o-10 fgs,you  disgust  me you  pelican  nose bast-ard
The Bobcats Will Contend One Day::Congratulations Warriors fans. The first round is not the limit.
twinsfan205::Congrats Warriors! Good luck in the playoffs. Hopefully the Twolves can join you in the post season next year!
fjpowlan::#dubnation
thuddy34::Can't wait for next season, when the Timberwolves won't be hyped going in to the year and ticket prices will come back down to reality. $60 for lower level seats? It'll be back to $24 soon enough,
doggbrown1::new slogan you heard it here first " 0-10 bricky"
youngly21::"going home disappointed"...like your girlfriend....oh, wait, I mean boyfriend
mikehoops24::That's not saying anything? You guys beat the Timberwolves. Enjoy watching your 1 and done this season. Like every season, going home disappointed.
MY ROX HAVE NO TALENT::you deserve cancer, wolves hater.
doggbrown1::trade bricky for some tacos please
doggbrown1::bricky skipped shooting sessions
doggbrown1::brickkkyyyyyyyyyyyyy
davidsan1001::Is his shoulder hurt?  He was pretty bad, can't be that bad without something wrong.
IvanPutskiPolishPower::Karma is coming for Marc Jackson for laying down the other night. The Lakers are what Jackson will never be . . .NBA royalty and it eats him alive. That lay down job against Utah was so blatant it was a joke. Looking to see the Warriors swept so I can laugh at the AA hiring of Jackson.
Sfgiants49er::What lay down job? This guy is an idiot
youngly21::what do you expect...he's a laker "fan"
tman8010::the haters have arrived! welcome!
millem365::I'd say Ricky was a little cold last night in his shooting (0-10).  Must be the fear of the oncoming snow storm in the Twin Cities
The Names Vaddie::been to the playoffs twice in 19 years? Damn.
shawn804549::I like how wolves fans say, Rubio, he does other things besides scoring. . This league is comprised of scoring pg. He is a back up at best. 0-10 that will put your team in a hole, all he is is a highlight film, a fancy pass here and 20 bricks there.
dreballs::wow greaat. now that the W's blew it against the Jazz they can miraculously win the rest of their games and prey Houston actually loses......... or else their's pretty much no hope advancing unfortunately.......
dreballs::did Klay really start 8-8 and end up 10-19? WOOOOOOW!!!! just when you think he might make up for his slump....
Mens6413::WARRIORS 4 LIFE
Mens6413::thank MINNESOTA :) 4-0 this season !!!
SFWhiners2013::3 MONTHS LATER!  I COULDN'T SEE AFTER 3rd down hit! LOL :) SMH!
SFWhiners2013::CRABTREE!
CrabtreeWasHeld::BALTIMORE IS A CORRUpT CRIME RIDDEN CITY WITH BACKDOOR pOLITICAL SHENNANIGANS RUNNING AMUCK - DONT YOU WATCH THE WIRE? GAWD. AND EVEN JOHNNY UNITAS'  FAMILY DOESN't WANT A SCRUB HACK LIKE JOEY FLUKO pORTRAYING JOHNNY U IN ANY BOLLYWOOD FLICK BECAUSE THEY KNOW HE REpRESENTS A 2ND CLASS CITY pROppED Up BY CORRUpT REFS AND GOODELL SHILLS
adam2121::I've got to give you props on your Troll-grudgedness.  It takes some longevity to hold out for a late season Warriors game to troll those 9ers fans.
SFWhiners2013::JULIO JONES WAS HELD CRABTREE WAS HELD  LOL :) hahahahahahahahahaha
f0shoo::<b>Kobe&gt;Magic</b>
SFWhiners2013::NOT!
MR0908::Curry has to break the three point record though
millem365::Timberwolves would have drafted Curry if they had a GM
adam2121::My bad.  I didn't realize he was close to that.  I guess that kind of makes up for him hoisting up those shots instead of feeding Klay.
RAIDERS-SFGIANTS FAN::Lets go dubs!!!
adam2121::Good game O-town.  Highlight of the game for me was a fist bump and "Good game" with Marney Gellner outside of the stadium on the way to the parking lot.
CrabtreeWasHeld::I'll take OKC ROund 1- CURRYGOD WILL NOT LET US DOWN
SFWhiners2013::SO  WAS  JULIO JONES! LOL CAN U FEEL ME ! #NAVARRO BOWMAN!
HH69::Way to go Warriors!  Now what ever you do, don't slip up and up 8th seed.  Last thing we want is San Antonio in the 1st round.
adam2121::You got to beat the best to be the best but I agree OKC is the scariest.
BayAreaFan40::spurs choke in the playoffs. denver is almost unbeatable at home. ill take either team as long as its not okc
troy_green1::Dub Nation, were up in this @#$%&amp;! Now, let's not let them kick us out so soon. Dubs need to make themselves at home in the playoffs. Stay for a series or two. Put the rest of the NBA on notice. G State is just getting comfortable. The playoffs will be the Warriors second home!
davidsan1001::YEAH!!!!!  Congrats ta da Warriors!  Players, coaches, fans, owners, ticket takers...
idambrosini::Any team seeded in bottom half of western standings has it tough but at least we have proved we can beat anybody when hitting shots. get passed the first round and anything is possible. Go Warriors!!!!!!
idambrosini::Against the griz 0-3, clip 2-2, nug 1-3.  Based on this at least I wanna see the clip in 1st round
thomascedill::We match up well with the Clippers because we have Curry countering Paul, Lee to counter Griffin, and a great supporting cast that can match up with their bench. The Nugz without Gallanari and a healthy Lawson are still pretty good, but not unbeatable. They are really deep team and Coach Karl is legendary. Memphis plays well against the Warriors because their bigs can rebound and make shots; they grind it out.  Longstoryshort, I want us to play the Clips.
ChuckGF::Nugs without Gallo and Lawson for a whole season wouldn't win 50 games. They also have a pretty average road record (like the dubs). I think we can take them in 7. Grizz would probably beat us 4-1. Clips will be a whole new beast in the playoffs.
ROARACLEARENA::I think our guards are way better than the grizz, the bigs advantage goes to memphis but not a ridiculous advantage given we got bogut/landry/ezeli and d.lee to stretch the floor.
ROARACLEARENA::Id rather play them in the playoffs, griz next because getting bogut back helps out with gasol and zbo.
idambrosini::Man Griz are really scary. Maybe more so than Nugs even with injuries. cant handle that athletisism
ROARACLEARENA::yeah, theyre 3-1 vs clips. but the last time they played was jan. 21
ROARACLEARENA::thought they were 3-1 vs clips?
idambrosini::Yeah we got em 3-1. Maybe cause they beat us by 40 that 1 time it seemed other way around lol
idambrosini::maybe. lemme double check
vusani::Nice.  Well done Ws!
wareagledude5710::In 2007, the Warriors upset the Mavericks in the playoffs. Saying that you don't look past anyone.
Mens6413::NO seattle have KARL, the UPSET was  normal
thomascedill::Good times. Fuggin Utah had to mess it all up that year.
GsDubb12::Baron Davis was one of the most exciting warriors to watch in the last decade
ROARACLEARENA::I dont know, that seattle vs denver series was pretty historic for 1 vs 8
wareagledude5710::2007 Mavs Warriors is still the greatest upset of the NBA Playoffs.
tman8010::they were the fourth team in NBA history to pull off that type upset, and the first one to do it in the best of seven format.
49ers9::somewhere baron davis, stephen jax, j rich, matt barnes, monta, mickael pietrus, al harrington, and the ghost of andirs biedrins past are smiling
thomascedill::Oh man the memories of them playing are coming back. Seems so long ago... GOOD TIMES ARE BACK!!
tman8010::I wish I known this later. Now I'm too excited to write a college paper due tomorrow...
ROARACLEARENA::Playoffs?!? wtf are the playoffs.
Bucks_fan_for_real.....::Bucks and Warriors in the playoffs.
bigbirdbill::good trade for both teams
ChuckGF::better trade for dubs. Milwaukee would be 10th in the west with that record
MoonMan2425::Golden State is gonna win it all
