mosesbyu::Free Jimmer.
EL_ABALLARDE::Keith ain't smart
xAnvil50x::iuyh iu
ovechkinsgoal::the kings are your classic paper champs.
nba is the worst::I think you misspelled "chumps"
MILBREW318::Ok, now before i start my mini rant here, lets just throw it out there that I am a HUGE Jimmer fan.  I just don't see how he isn't getting at least this type of run every night, he consistently delivers on the offensive end every night he actually plays, and his defense can't be THAT horrible, I mean if you play Marcus Thornton 30 minutes a night obviously defense isn't that much of a priority.
skellyute::Kings......you need a new group of core players. This team won't hunt.
ryensgin::I was 2nd row at the game tonight, under the basket by the King's bench, and I must say that Smart gets a little too much hate from Kings' fans. Smart was YELLING at his players all game long to execute, run certain plays, be in certain positions on offense and defense, and a lot of the time it fell on deaf ears. Cousins doesn't listen worth sh*t and doesn't appear very coachable. On the play where Aaron Brooks took it in and got stripped by Tinsley, Smart was to the edge of his coaching boundaries screaming at Cousins to go set a screen for Brooks, but Cousins sat there, not paying attention, not adhering, in the post doing nothing, forcing Aaron Brooks into a poor isolation play. You can say what you want about Coach Smart, but the dude coached for 48 minutes tonight as hard as he possibly could. Cousins, along with Thornton, and a couple times Thompson, were blowing him off or arguing back with him. It's not all the Coach's fault.
minky420::He cant shoot for s@#t, but tinsley has 23 assists in the last 2 games.Utah needs this...........good job.
TyrekeTheKing13::wow good game glad to see jimmer play.. GJ Jazz. GO KINGS!!!
ChargersFan4Life001::well, GG Jazz fans, see ya tomorrow. tough loss, onto the next one gn all go kings
David722249::Kings would be great if they could play the Lakers more often.
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Everybody would be.
kcisney BYU::Anyone else notice that when Jimmer went to the bench the Jazz went from 9 down to up 3? I know not all of that is from Fredette, but it's still interesting nonetheless. I think Jimmer doesn't really fit on the Kings very well, they should trade him to a team that would use him more intelligently/have a better fit for him.
scow79::I think about 0 of it had to do with Fredette not being on the court.    I do agree however that Fredette would thrive as a spot up shooter on a team who has a star or a team with players who run plays and pass the ball.   The Kings play way too much one on one IMO.
ryensgin::scow79,you agree that Jimmer would "thrive" in the league on a team with better passers and that actually run the plays? Earlier in this board you were bashing Jimmer, saying he "sucks" and basically won't ever be good in the NBA. That's a big difference in a couple of hours. I guess actually WATCHING him play a game changed your mind a little. Always good to see what actual knowledge does.
kcisney BYU::I can agree with that. The Kings' offense consists of the first guy down the floor shooting the ball, haha
PhatmanXL::I am a Kings fan and that was a hard loss, but you have to respect the Jazz and the way they play ball. I could watch Al Jefferson and  DeMarcus Cousins play for 82 games a year.
ChargersFan4Life001::these teams always have great games
Hayward2Favors::Lillard 24 points 7 assists only third quarter -_-    And all it took to get him was Gerald Wallace. Man I am so jealous
floreezie::The Jazz will just have to Wesley Matthews him in a couple of years
-STRAYA-::You can't Wesley Matthews him because Lillard is worth a Max deal, they would have no hesitation matching it
scow79::We better hope that he's deeply in love with the Ogden area.
PTSup20::Yeah, can you imaging him growing up with favors and hayward?
scow79::I cannot.  One of them is white.  lol
scow79::So does Corbin start Favors tomorrow?   The Kings just aren't a good matchup for Millsap
ghettoslider::the jazz could def. use another gaurd that can hit 3's and play defense
ghettoslider::somone has to be the odd man out if milsap cant play SF.. and its either milsap or kanter
ghettoslider::Lol.. im def. conflicted b/c kanter is a great player as well.. and milsap IS undersized.. but milsap doesnt look too good when he plays SF
scow79::True.   The Jazz seriously just need to move somebody.   Too many players
ghettoslider::i think favors/jefferson should both be getting at least 34 mins a game and that leaves 28 for milsap.. kanter should be the odd man out even though i think he has improved alot
scow79::Just play Millsap 10 minutes at SF so Kanter can get his minutes.   Problem solved.
U.D.U.B::LET ISAIAH PLAY
ChargersFan4Life001::jimmer and brooks played well thats why he sat. kings might need to ship 1 pg, they have a lot of guards
ChargersFan4Life001::yeah, sadly. He's also a very good 3pt shooter
scow79::Which could be a good description for most of the Kings players, IMO.
ChargersFan4Life001::he's a solid passer, he just needs to pass more
scow79::I would say the Jazz would take Thomas off your hands, but he doesn't look all that great at passing the ball.
scow79::I was actually wondering why he wasn't playing.   Wasn't he pretty good last season?
scow79::A walking talking oxymoron
Loof McDrut::Yes but Smart is Stupid
-STRAYA-::If CP3 stays with the Clippers the Jazz should try for Bledsoe.
scow79::I haven't seen much of him, but I've heard very good things.   Is he a pass first PG though?
scow79::Very true.
Real_Salt Lake::I would say he looks for his shot first. Pass first pg's are getting harder to come by unfortunately
Real_Salt Lake::Hell I would love that
ChargersFan4Life001::kings/jazz games are always entertaining, last 5 games decided by 14 total pts
Real_Salt Lake::So are jazz/raptors games, oddly lol
ChargersFan4Life001::yeah they played 3ot this year, it was great
ChargersFan4Life001::GL the rest of the way Jazz(except when you play the kings), you got a very good team.
mikeisildur::Same to you.  I had a college roommate who was a Kings fan.  They're class acts.
ut_jazz06::Al Jefferson for Jose Calderon
rhettfieldsted::I am starting to believe I would rather have Big Al than Millsap. The jazz NEED the offense Al provides
xenosapien::The reason I would hesitate is Milsap always goes out of his way to get better.  Milsap brings the D every play.
scow79::I'd like to see Favors and Millsap actually play together before I make that judgement.
scow79::No thanks.   Calderon is Tinsley who can score about 8 more points.
-STRAYA-::And is getting 9 million more to do it
ghettoslider::favors/jefferson is prob our best frontcourt
ghettoslider::i think favors/jefferson should both be getting at least 34 mins a game and that leaves 28 for milsap.. kanter should be the odd man out even though i think he has improved alot
ghettoslider::the bottom line is we have 4 good frontcourt players and enough PT to give 3 of them decent mins..
Real_Salt Lake::Favors takes care of jeffersons bad defense and al takes care of Favors poor offense
scow79::Yeah, it's really common sense, which isn't Corbin's strong suit.
scow79::Yeah, plus it gives us more punch off the bench bringing in Millsap
mikeisildur::I'd really like to see more Enes Kanter
Loof McDrut::Anu$ Kanter
scow79::Kanter needs to learn when to pass first
Phantom of the Chakra::1. Fire Keith Smart  2. Hire Brian Shaw 3. Sign a Small Forward
robmoras::i feel like punching a midget after this one
Chinko and The Beard::Royce White for Alec Burks straight up
Phantom of the Chakra::He really is fill that millsap roll
Real_Salt Lake::Interesting trade... I wouldn't mind if Royce would actually play he's pretty good
scow79::No deal.   We need someone to actually fill that bench seat
Phantom of the Chakra::Good tradw
ChargersFan4Life001::Kings need to stop getting killed on the offensive rebounds
Deftones SF::god damnit we blow....
captain.falcon.pb::everyone post on kings' fb to fire keith smart!
ChargersFan4Life001::lol
yacom1118::Didn't watch the game. What happened to Mo?
ut_jazz06::Jazz got a grand total of 5 points from the PG position in 48 minutes, yikes
Real_Salt Lake::Also gave up 40 from the PG position yikes
scow79::Welcome to the world of a Tinsley/Watson backcourt
ChargersFan4Life001::I'm happy they played this great vs a great home team, but it also makes the loss hurt more to be up 13 late and blow it
Loof McDrut::Smart = not so Smart.  More Jimmer less Smart
RockyMountainWay1::God damnit Sacramento...
mikeisildur::"Come on, it's not like we're the Lakers."  --The Jazz
Real_Salt Lake::Didn't see the whole game but looks like favors stat line is pretty good for 28 minutes. I'm assuming that's why Sap wasn't in
-STRAYA-::That and he is too small for Thompson on D
scow79::He played some great defense at the end.   No way Corbin could take him out.
Lilslade49ers::Kings aren't going anywhere with Keith Smart at coach. This is a game we should of won! why does he have a job still?????
scow79::Vanilla Cobra!!!!!
-STRAYA-::Credit to Corbin in that last quarter, he is learning. Usually he goes back to Jefferson/Millsap/Foye no matter what but he left Favors Marvin and Gordon in. Good decision
rhettfieldsted::If Jimmer had sat the bench the whole game the kings would've won. He sat the bench the whole Lakers game and the Kings beat them.
ryensgin::Jimmer gave valuable minutes tonight, 10 points in 17 minutes, his D was pretty good all night, and the Kings dropped ONE point to the Jazz when Jimmer was on the floor. If his teammates knew how to pass the ball, Jimmer easily could have had a couple wide open three's. It's amazing that you actually watched the game and then chose to post something so stupid.
ricoeric11::So if they sat Jimmer every game rhett, the kings would never lose? Really, think before you splooge!
sjmcb160::Jimmer was -1 for what it's worth
Loof McDrut::That is worth nothing....
Daniel7900::His own  coach won't play him because his own coach is a $@%!$@% !$@%!$ who thinks isaiah thomas is god's gift to earth.
Loof McDrut::His own coach is an idiot.  School yard ball......
rhettfieldsted::Jimmer sucks, get that through your head. Why else do you think his own coach won't play him? Not to mention he doesn't play any defense.
Loof McDrut::Jimmer played team ball. Something smart knows nothing bout.
Loof McDrut::You are an idiot!!!
Daniel7900::This is the stupidest thing I have ever seen. We played better basketball with Jimmer on the floor. What kind of basketball do you expect to play when you have Aaron Brooks, Tyreke Evans and Marcus Thornton on the floor? 1 on 1 basketball.
awr266::Jazz shot 33 free throws, Kings shot 16. It's like this everygame. Still fire Keith Smart.
ryensgin::And gives up horrible fouls
rhettfieldsted::that's what happen when your team shoots horrible jump shots all game long.
ChargersFan4Life001::Smart needs to go
ghettoslider::i hope Mo williams is ok  for next game
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Alright. Go Jazz. Win again tomorrow. For Kings fans, we're with you. Small market teams unite and rage against the Stern machine.
Ryan Dana::Those darn greedy capitalists.......
awr266::I'm a kings fan and I agree with you 100 percent. I hate big markets.
ChargersFan4Life001::I agree about the small market teams to stay together vs the evil stern
Daniel7900::Keith Smart is a $@%!$@% loser.
PTSup20::Dear Montreal,  Enjoy your new NBA team
KKhan04::Seattle will get a team first.
robmoras::tyreke was killing it keith dumb takes him out until the 3:30 in the 4th, guy is a clown
awr266::Keith Smart wants to lose.
robmoras::regardless, smart is a fool
willwarner12::If Cousins wouldn't have gave them 4 free points on fouls we woulda won anyway
KKhan04::See ya tomorrow Kings Fans
Phantom of the Chakra::Get a real coach for Tyreke and Cousins they are top tier talent won a lot of games in college when they had a REAL COACH
ryensgin::Cousins is so uncoachable I don't think it matters who his coach is.
Ryan Dana::More like get new owners who aren't stupid.
awr266::Fire Keith Smart.
Hayward2Favors::Kings fans are cool tho. GG you guys see you tomorrow. Go Jazz!
ChargersFan4Life001::GG and see ya tomorrow.
Lilslade49ers::I game we should of easily won but coach d.umass and the referee want the Kings to lose again.
ut_jazz06::Thought this was a loss for sure. Same team tomorrow.
ChargersFan4Life001::this team cant close at all, every time its close they suck
Ryan Dana::You lost me at chargers fan for life, again.
