-Lalabye-::Teams I want to face in the playoffs  Knicks Pacers and Heat..  All overrated
Taco with a Q::Right cause they all have better records
31miracles31::DMONEY!
DWoe23::ive always believed that if he didnt turn his body into a torpedo in an effort to get to the free throw line as his main offensive play then he wouldnt be gimping around right now. Rose is a great player, but the last two years, the offense consisted of running to the middle of the defense practically tackling or getting tackled waiting for the whistle to go to the charity line. great offensive strategy, (not really)
DWoe23::This is for the comments below about not playing with your best player: Pacers beat the knicks and the headline in main stream media said: "Pacers beat short handed knicks" Now i know Granger isnt an elite player, but to a team that doesnt have an elite player and when Danny was the leading scorer of 20 or more points a game. That can be devastating to a team without an established 2nd scorer. All year the Pacers and Bulls havent had there best player and they have been able to stay in the mix at the top of the conference. i mean, look at our offensive rankings, we are 29th our of 30. yes, danny did make a difference.
Taco with a Q::Thibs and Vogel should be in the mix for Coach of the Year, but my honest vote right now is Mark Jackson in GS.  Talk about making a run out west with that team, AND without Bogut for half the season
geeman217::yellowdart24 This headline is misleading as the Pacers have the tiebreaker so technically they are leading the division and not sharing it.  _____________ They give out trophies for this???
Taco with a Q::NO but Bulls fans are the same way when they take over the division,  IF NOT WORSE
loochey03::The games will be played...
FunkVolumeOF::Most of the bulls fans talking about rings weren't even alive to see the last bulls championship. Lmao
lsu-fla-miss-has-failed-their-conference-oh-well-Roll-Tide::When did the pacers win a championship
iplaydrunk247::i was during the 90's lol
Taterhead6144::"We have players hurt, waaaaaaaaa."  -- Bull's fans
FoxKat93::Yet, you all bring up Granger.
mackfactor::The Pacers would have been lost in this game without a whopping six points from their franchise center. It's a good thing they gave him a max contract this summer!
DWoe23::Mahinmi and Plumlee as our centers, yea i would give money to Roy too. Blazers did that as a ploy to force the Pacers to eat up most of there cap on Roy so Pacers couldnt add more talent else where. Why else would they offer max contract to Roy but yet wanted to resign Baton, but couldnt unless Roy didnt sign with Blazers???
iplaydrunk247::roy hibbert is a under-rated, dude has mad talent
Taco with a Q::But guess what?  Pacers didnt lose did they?
Demon Belly::All star centers don't come cheap pal.
beauty zia::IndianaHoosiersPacerFan31 complete BS (About bringing up rose) =============== No one brought up Rose in the manner that you were talking about. I was on here last night and no one mentioned him. Before games, opposing teams always say, "If you lose, don't bring up Rose." If we do lose, "You guys are blaming this loss on Rose not being here"--despite never mentioning his name. Most Bulls fans said last night, "We could have won this (insert reason)" and didn't mention Rose.
Throw It Down Big Man Throw It Down::pretty much how i thought it would go. bulls would hang in there but not have enough to make a big push at the end. hard to beat the pacers without Noah in there.
DWoe23::Pacers are 5-1 vs Bulls, Heat &amp; Knicks. looking good guys, keep it up.
yellowdart24::This headline is misleading as the Pacers have the tiebreaker so technically they are leading the division and not sharing it.
DWoe23::since Jan 1. the pacers, Knicks &amp; Heat are 10-6; Chicago is 13-6. Pacers are 4-0 vs knicks heat &amp; Bulls in this stretch. while Heat are 0-3 vs the Bulls &amp; Pacers in this stretch. Knicks are 0-2 vs the Pacers &amp; Bulls in this stretch. This race to the finish is becoming extremely tight.
Psycho_E94::When the Bulls or Heat win.."Yeah that team blows we are winning it all Heat/Bulls Nation" When the Bulls or Heat loose... "Yeah that team blows who cares its only regular season count that rings"
CTYHNTR::As a Bulls fan even I have to admit that is true, all the Bulls fan dilusional trash talk before the game comparing Butler to PG was asinine.
mackfactor::Maybe one day for Butler, but PG is bordering on legit stud right now.
kdogownsu::How can these bulls fans assume everyone will be healthier during playoffs. Noah always has some kind of injury, boozer is usually always hurt. Look at last years playoffs Noah and Rose were out. This bulls team is very prone to injury.
CTYHNTR::True, Ive thought of this as well.  Not sure how anyone can assume that the Bulls will all be healthy at the same time when someone on the team is always getting injured, it was the same way last year.
Rose MVP CHI::It is a difference to win 4 home games in a playoff series compared to a nice regular season record at home  I am really excited to see my Bulls in the Playoffs  We are capable of going all the way
maxtylerporter::As long as the Pacers stay in the top 4 in the east, which is pretty much a guarantee, they are a lock to get past the first round of the playoffs because of their stellar home court advantage.  If they are number 2 or 3 in the east, which is also a possibility, they will certainly get past the second round as well, again because of their home court advantage...  Coach vogel is due for COY for sure!
kdogownsu::If we play bulls in 2nd round we are guaranteed ECF
tbomber2::LOL i think every bulls fan can only hope to play pacers in the 2nd round.  easiest road to the ECF ever
mccoywajmu::They are hardly guaranteed getting to the ECF even if they are a 2 seed
RabbiLevine::I do think its funny when the Pacers beat either the Bulls or the Heat and the players are throwing high fives, the Heat and Bulls' fans come out claiming the Pacer players celebrate too much.  Sorry, they should be upset and not say a word.  This coming from Bull's fans who have Noah, who almost more than any other player shows emotion on every single play, and Heat fan's, who have quickly forgotten that preseason celebration when Lebron and Bosh signed.  Or how about Lebron's pregame ritual of throwing powder in the air?  I guess since the Pacers aren't a big market team, they have to stay completely silent when they play well and sprint back to the locker room after wins.
bumpynuks::Jordan did this in front of WGN announcers before every game. That's where that came from. Powder that is.
gerald68831::Ive been following a betting system called SportsBettingStar a few months back.  Since I started playing the system, Ive doubled my earnings in just 60 days using it.  You can find this system on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
OlBoyP::bulls fan please stop comparing butler and george. its not fair to butler and it makes you lose any credibility.
mccoywajmu::i saw more pacer fans making that comparison then bulls fans
Pacersfan4ever::Why would we compare our best player to a bench player? Trust me the Bulls fans were saying Butler is gonna bd better than PG24.
dj2formvp::I thought jimmy "the Kobe stopper" butler was going to shut PG24 down...
mjvanderbilt38::GG Pacer Fans you guys have a solid squad...Hopefully Rose and Granger get back to 100 percent so we can have a battle in the playoffs
Taco with a Q::Thank you!  I cant wait for the show down
Psycho_E94::a rational bulls fan....da fuq
enemy_80::Why David West didn't make the all star team is beyond me. He has been playing lights out.
OlBoyP::he should have made it over tyson chandler
Smashing Dweebs::Thibs is a awesome coach... But tired of seeing 40+ minutes for certain players...
mccoywajmu::you tired of seeing 40 mins then get him some better backups or if he enacts a mins restriction dont complain about him losing games
mccoywajmu::him losing more games will be a result of him playing worst/ineffective players for more mins..its not that difficult to grasp..
Smashing Dweebs::Ummm when did I complain about him losing games??? I just said something about minutes only... SMH, just want to talk out your a$$... This is your first time replying to my post, don't do it anymore...
modneonj::Especially the NBA, where an 8th seed usually with a .500 record (or worse in some cases) can make the playoffs.  It's also telling that even with Joakim injured, that Nazr continues to get a DNP. SMH
Demon Belly::Coach of the year has to be Thibs or Vogel.  I'd give the advantage to Vogel right now since the Pacers are 2-0 vs the Bulls.  2-0 vs the Heat doesn't hurt either.
modneonj::Thibs plays a big role in getting the Bulls' bench to play at their best.  Last year, Nate barely got off the pine, and was contemplating football in the off-season before Bulls called. Bellinelli barely got off the Bulls bench this year. Butler didn't shine until this year also...
Pacersfan4ever::Yeah and Chicago has a much deeper team. Nate, Bellinelli, Gibson, and Butler could all start for a MBA team. We have just Hansbrough and Mahinmi.
Nap317town::Hey Chicago, there's always the Blackhawks! That's something Indy isn't better than you at...
Demon Belly::I wonder if they use the "well we didn't have Rose" excuse every time they lose, probably so huh.  You don't hear Pacer fans saying "well we didn't have Granger" when we lose.  Not comparing Granger because Rose when healthy is obviously a superior player,  but both players are franchise players.  With the way Paul George has evolved this season that last statement is probably no longer true.  Paul George is undoubtedly the present and future star of the Pacers.
tabom33::The bulls have definitely played better than Indy without their star player.  Have pacer fans forgotten that Derrick Rose was an MVP of the league? losing the league MVP is much more devastating than loosing a guy like Danny Granger, who barley cracks the top 25 NBA players.
mccoywajmu::Im wont bring up rose not being there but seriously danny granger is not a franchise player people need to get out of here with that crap. Has he ever even made an all star team?  how long has he been in the league?  Danny Granger isnt a top 25 nba player..
Pacersfan4ever::Yes he has made an All Star team, shows ur basketball knowledge. And I would take Granger over Deng anyday. Granger gets buckets...
FoxKat93::If you were here last night, no one used that as an excuse.
IndianaHoosiersPacerFan31::complete BS
bjmann61::Granger is a great player, but would Paul George have developed into an All-Star with Granger still around.   That is the difference between Chicago and Indiana.  Indiana has played through the injury to its best player better than Chicago
Rook_217::Not sure i agree with that statement.  Played through injury better??? They are deadlocked as of today.  And I don't like to use that excuse especially since most trolls who use that excuse will also talk smack about winning without said player.  But to counter your argument, the Bulls were also short two more starters.
Pacersfan4ever::I havr always thought of DG33 as the perfect sidekick to a Star. Not sure if PG is ready to be our main guy but hes only 22 and he has no ceiling.
WatfordFTW012::David West should have been an All-Star replacing Brook Lopez
Demon Belly::I'd rather have West than Bosh or Garnett on my team, but I realize I'd probably be in the minority in that respect.
Pacersfan4ever::Not at all especially tgis year. Garnett may be tougher on D but West has been consistent O all year. As for Bosh man has he fallen. He has been awful.
Pacersfan4ever::Or Bosh or Garnett
Melo Waits For Garnett By The Bus::"I'm not a crybaby," Howard told ESPN's Stephen A. Smith
jollyroger1215::You have to love the Pacers fans...so desperate for any type of success that they're celebrating this win like it was Game 7 of the EC Finals.   Sure, Rose out, Noah out, Hinrich out.  Boozer just coming back from injury.  Deng still playing banged up...and Indiana has to fight tooth and nail to scrape out a win...in their place.     But I guess they'll take what they can get.  :)
Abstraktmind::Bulls fans were bragging like all hell when the stumped the Bucks, but make excuses when they lost..smh
enemy_80::Yeah, you are right. It feels good to kick your teams a** on our home floor.
frickinegg::You have to love how everyone calls out Pacers players and fans for celebrating wins, even though every other player and fan for every other team does the exact same thing, if not worse.  For instance, we do not storm discussion boards for other games and talk trash about teams that have nothing to do with Indy. I can name at least four other fanbases that do exactly that, yours included.
bjmann61::With the Pacers playing 4 of the next 5 at home and the Bulls with 4 out of 5 on the road, can the Pacersopen up a lead and  lets see how great the Bulls are by the end of next week.
tracyfwin::Waaaaaaa!  Good game Bulls.  Hope to see you in the playoffs.
Demon Belly::Yeah I remember after the brawl Indiana won 3 or 4 games in a row with something like 8 players. Jermaine O'Neal, Artest, Fred Jones, Anthony Johnson, others all suspended.  So quit making excuses punk.
Pacersfan4ever::Quit makin Bulls fans look bad. Any team can win on any given night. A win is a win. Both teams will be in the playoffs and thats what really matters.
Roy3667::Holy Crap Pacers are tied with Bulls David West is beast  Paul George and George Hill are also great
01Bulls4life::Good win by the Pacers.  As expected the Pacers were a little to much for the Bulls without Noah helping on defense and rebounds, Hinrich helping on defense and of course Rose.  Anyone that thinks the Bulls don't have a shot are crazy.  If anything this team is playing better than the last 2 seasons considering what they have gotten to deal with.  Good win Pacers.
Pacersfan4ever::Of course Bulls have a shot, only problem I see with Bulls is that I dont think they can win it all without a healthy Rose, but if the Pacers dont get to the Finals than def rooting for this Bulls team. Thibs or Vogel should get COY. Or Mark Jackson,but thats just the old fanboy in me lol...
Pacersfan4ever::Most def, these teams show what basketball is all about. Ik we are considered the lil brother of the Bulls and I actually think thats a fair judgement considering the status of the teams the past 5 years or so, but Pacers are a different Beast this year.
01Bulls4life::I hear you...if Bulls don't make it I like how this Pacer team as evolved.  They are very good team.    Should be fun to watch how these 2 teams will match once the Pacers get Granger and Rose and the rest are back and healthy.
Pacersfan4ever::All these Bulls fans saying Oh take pride in beating our second string, are the same people who would have said  Haha Pacers suck, we won with BACKUPS. Just accept defeat in stride  dont worry I know we will see u guys in the playoffs. Bulls have a great team.
Abstraktmind::Division champs? That don't mean $@%! when we advanced further than them in the Playoffs. $@%! the Bulls.
DribbleDrive01::This is what I expected with starters out... I'm not going to say I speak for all Bulls fans, but I do respect the Pacers...They have been a good team and are getting better. They always seem to be in games and grind em' out.
Pacersfan4ever::Ditto obviously Pacers respect Bulls since they are the division champs. I wasnt talking bout all Bulls fans, I understand with a bigger fanbase the odds are far more likely to have idiot fans. I just cant wait til these teams meet in the ECF, its gonna be a Battle. Hope Rose and DG are 100% as well.
Pacersfan4ever::So can we stop with the Butler-George comparisons now? PG easy double double, held Deng to 4\18 shooting and almost outscored Deng and Butler combined. Go ahead thoBulls fans, complain how injuries are why u lost. Its part of basketball, if a Wizard team can beat Miami without Wall, Bulls can win against us. Js admit defeat and move on, thats what Pacer fans do.
Pacersfan4ever::We beat u guys in Chicago when u were Healthy......if u guys beat us today I would have said great game Chicago, see u in march. And im sure u would have said Indiana sucks we won with backups....
Pacersfan4ever::Js hate people using injuries as an excuse. Pacers are missing their top scorer too(yes ik he is not Rose) but you will nevef see me say Oh well we will beat u when we get healthy. Its NBA anybody can beat anybody. Shoot we got blown out by Orlando who have only won two games out of their last 20 lol
yardog59::Just saying they weren't healthy, calm down!
Pacersfan4ever::Here we go with Rose as our savior talk. U thimk that with a healthy Rose the Bulls wont lose a single game? Its regular season man, cant win them all.
yardog59::The Pacers haven't seen a healthy Bulls team this year, nobody has!
yardog59::Grab the win while you can, and if you think it had nothing to do with not having some of their best players on the court then you're in denial.
Pacersfan4ever::Four out of your five best? Deng and Boozer played so unless think Hinrich is better u arent making sense. Id rate the Bulls best, Rose, Noah, Deng, Boozer, Gibson.
yardog59::I've been giving the Pacers credit for the past two years. Having a player down is one thing, 4 of your 5 best is another altogether.
Pacersfan4ever::Another crybaby fan. Every team in the league has players good enough to win a regular season game. It comes down to execution. Take pride that the Bulls still competed and just hope we meet in the playoffs cuz its gonna be fun to watch. Until than wipe your eyes and move on.
Hmrstrm::Chicago is MAYBE the 4th beat in the east...
yardog59::and the three ahead of them?
Nuclear Petting zoo part 7::LOL.  This game means little.  DRose comes back and Bulls win in 5 come playoff time.
flag_me_if_you_can::Bulls wont be healthy coming playoff time. Thib is running his team into the ground
mccoywajmu::is he?  this team has been hurt since he got here and he wasnt running anybody into the ground.  he got lauded for using his bench better then anyone in the league remember?  they still had injuries..
lakers2013champzsssss::the best thing to happen to chi-town since MJ is chief keef, shout outs to sosa baby.. bang bang!!
lakers2013champzsssss::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tD3xowIXjAA
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::lildwayne21 we are going to slap the pi$$ out of that scrub team when we get our guys back stop dreaming inbread
Demon Belly::A "glorified role player" thats played in the All Star game... sure thing bud.
Hmrstrm::Rose sucks...see I can do it too...
KillMeBaby::that makes less sense. Tell an MVP that he sucks or a glorified role player that he sucks....
devrukn::granger sucks
padthai93::do you even understand basketball.  You do realize the pacers are missing their leading scorer  too right?
LilDwayne21::David West has really stepped his game up over the past couple of weeks. Look at the number of points he racked up in this game against Chicago. Twenty-nine points. This $@%!$ is on fire!
Taco with a Q::West abused Both and Battier as well
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::did you even watch the game
frickinegg::Did you? West scored on more than just small forwards.
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::he had small fowards guarding him all game
padthai93::why is it our fault you guys put small forwards on him?  And he lit up the heat last week too.  dont get all $@%!$@%! after a loss
LilDwayne21::What a fantastic year this has been for the Indiana Pacers. They've managed to rack up victories on national television over the Knicks, Heat, Grizzlies and the Bulls. This has been an outstanding year for this franchise.
LilDwayne21::The Pacers have been on a tremendous roll as of late. Last Friday on ESPN they picked up a victory over the Heat on their home court, and once again they have picked up another impressive victory on their home court over another one of the Eastern Conference's best teams, the Pacers midwest's rivalry, the Chicago Bulls.
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::minus 2 allstars and another starter but go ahead and take credit for a * win
Pacersfan4ever::Quit being a bitter fan, u were all Bulls have a chance even without our starters before the game....
pacerpride35::Atlanta, your beatdown is coming tonight.
ksuwildcats00::bulls are a joke WITH or WITHOUT Rose. OOPS.
Copious_Fred::People forget how great the pacers are at home. Come playoff time the Pacers could easily have 2-3 win just by playing at home.
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::the west is a pretty easy pick THUNDER but the east really hasn't shown a champ yet after the allstar break we will know a lot more
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::.
Area55andG2::Pacers  2005 17th pick - Danny Granger 2006 17th pick - Shawne Williams (bust) 2008 11th pick - Jerryd Bayless (traded for Jarrett Jack) 2008 13th pick- Brandon Rush (bust) 2008 17th pick- Roy Hibbert 2009 13th pick - Tyler Hansbrough 2010 10th pick - Paul George 2010 40th pick - Lance Stephenson 2011 15th pick - Kawhi Leonard (traded for George Hill)
OlBoyP::we picked tyler over jrue holiday so it was a bad pick if you look at it like that
JollySwagman28::Shawne Williams was too busy smoking weed with David Harrison to care.
Area55andG2::along with hiding convicts in his house
JollySwagman28::Tyler has one great game a month to make you think he'll keep doing it.  Usually he's flopping around drawing silly fouls in the paint.
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::i don't know flynn is pretty good for the melbourne tigers
Mcfly_2015::tyler's a good bench player...not an ideal 1st rd pick
Area55andG2::he has a ton more value than Johnny Flynn
Mcfly_2015::2005, 2010 picks turned out great
Area55andG2::Jarret Jack was a solid exchange Hansbrough's not ideal, but good off the bench Stephenson's paying off and so is George Hill
georgiahoosier40::I'm ok with Hansbrough too. He doesn't light it up (wasn't expected to) and is a solid role player. Not the caliber of PG or Granger but good player
Mcfly_2015::indy vs. OKC nba finals
georgiahoosier40::Looks good!
JollySwagman28::Wasn't Gerald Green supposed to be a big addition for the Pacer's bench this year?  Has he been worth the roster spot?  I'd rather have Allen Iverson sitting there.
Copious_Fred::Green has just been inconsistent. Like DJ Augistin early on was too and Vogel gave Ben Hansborough more playing time. I think Gerald green will come back to replace Orlando Johnson eventually.
georgiahoosier40::He's been a disappointment (though I personally didn't expect much), but the only offer AI has gotten is a D-League invite. Clearly the dude hasn't stayed fit
Area55andG2::or he's like 39 years old. That may do it.
