Aeron Uchiha::Mavs will have to get the win with or without Marion. Pelicans are so short handed, no excuses for the Mavs.
Joel Bastareche::dallas is + 1.5 at covers,dallas will win by a margin of 10pts.Breaking news,jrue holiday is out
Kevin Russell::http://kevinrussell7571.wix.com/vipsportspicks
Marcos Veinte Rodriguez::FREE PICK KEV DALLAS -1.5
Matt Clark::Is it just me or has the Mavs shooting from the line fallen off a cliff.  In the beginning of the year the Mavs got to the line a lot and shot a high percentage keeping them in a lot of games they shouldn't have been in.  Now they don't get to the line nearly as much and they're shooting 65%-70%.
Adam Pfeiffer::Without Marion we are going to struggle tremendously on defense. Mavs will allow well over 100 points, but still get the W.   112-108 Mavs.
Kyle Pawlak::I agree they will struggle on defense but I am very skeptical they score 108.  4 reasons: 1) they only scored 97 first game 2) They are without Anderson (Best player) 3) They are without Jrue Holiday (good scorer) 4) Both those guys were present first game and team still managed only 97. I am going to go Mavs 107 Pelicans 99
Marcos Veinte Rodriguez::They'll have back up for Marion after a blow out in San Tone there's No way Dallas looses here that would just be ugly NO w.out Holiday & Anderson there top offense I don't see NO keeping oh with Dallas this will b a double digit win for Dallas 110 to 94
Andrew Creech::Carlisle has got to get Ricky Ledo on the court more in these blowouts.  Gotta see what the kid can do.
Kenneth Mapa::game win today, well defended, nice rebound. we now need consistency.
Fjodor Balla::Nice run there to end the half.We must win these 2 back to back games against Pels
Kenneth Mapa::no problem on the next game, it's in the bag.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::I hope the Pels are ready for that top 3 pick. This looks like a wasted year.
Joel Smith Jr::what happened to Tyreke Evans this game? injury?
D'Andrae Wiggins::Let's go Mavs! Would be nice to see Dirk drop 30+ tonight
Scott Struble::Mavs -125 Moneyline.  Thanks Money Oak tree.
Remy MacDonald::Don't sleep on the Pelicans. No road game is east
Ron Schaffer::NO really misses Ryan Anderson.
Shawn Meremikwu::Is DIRK sitting out with a bum ankle??
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Lets Geaux Pelicans
Fjodor Balla::Dirk +31 in 28 mins
Edward Caceres::Dallas loses
Richard A. DuFour Sr::geaux Sts.
Josh Jordan::21-16 !
