Liam Sibson::For the first time in 50 years, 2 players recorded their 1st career triple-doubles in the same game. Crazy.  Can Aaron Afflalo get some attention finally? Or is ESPN and every sports fan alive just going to keep dickriding the same old tards (Kobe, Lebron, Paul, etc)
Burhan Khan::Kendrick Lamar made a song about Mr. Afflalo.
Lora Patterson::<<<<<START WORKING ONLINE TODAY>>>>>>>  Start working from home! Great job for students, stay-at-home moms or anyone needing an extra income... You only need a computer and a reliable internet connection... Make $90 hourly and up to $12000 a month by following link at the bottom and signing up... You can have your first check by the end of this week...  Sign up here>WWW.WAMJOBS.COM<Sign up Here
Alex Vargas::magic fans are happy. Dudes trade stock is rising. Who cares what E$PN says, the GM's make the ultimate decisions.
Burhan Khan::40 from Afflalo, a Triple-Double from Oladipo & 31 from Glen Davis. Wow
Matt Greene::Yup and they lost lol
Liam Sibson::Aaron Afflalo is averaging 21/4/4...so underrated.
Jannis Neumann::Wouldn't call him underrated. Bad teams always let certain players shine. Somebody has to score. In this case it's Afflalo!
Tim Clermont::If this were the Heat vs. the Spurs, we'd be talking about it being one of the greatest regular season games ever. But because it's the Sixers and Magic, it's just another boxscore lol.
Eric Seagren::Probably because these 2 teams suck
Elizabeth Manno::Eric Seagren Actually, for both of them being in a rebuilding mode they are doing pretty decent. Magic now > Magic with Howard.
Jannis Neumann::Elizabeth Manno How can you say Magic now > Magic with Howard, when he led the Magic to one of their 2 Finals in franchise history? No way this Magic team is better than the 09 one.
Tyler DuPont::this will show you all http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZgqVEmPCWg&feature=youtu.be
Adam Youman::MCW going for a quadruple double now with points assists rebounds and turnovers....
Drew Grundfor::what a team of morons, offensive rebound on free throws, to fouling him shooting a three. Utter morons, shocker it was Turner.
Jay Rainey::man I thought the Magic were done! Comeback!
Drew Grundfor::Jay Rainey comeback? More like giveaway.
Jay Rainey::All good, better shot now for #1........draft pick
Brandon Tigues::when's the last time players on two different teams had a triple double in the same game?
Dalton Miles::No clue but i am sure that two rookies have never done that
Brandon Tigues::Dalton Miles  that would be amazing if that's true
Russ Harris::Not sure of different teams but Jordan and Pippen did it. .Jordan and Pippen were the last teammates to record a triple-double in the same game, doing it against the Los Angeles Clippers on Jan. 3, 1989. Jordan had 41 points, 11 assists and 10 rebounds. Pippen had 15 points, 10 rebounds and 12 assists.
Christopher Blake Thompson::Oladipo pours in 23, 6 boards and 4 assists. Magic 101 Sixers 88
Rohan Patel::MCW will best this stat line.
Christopher Blake Thompson::MCW isn't as good as Vic... Although he may best the stat line, Vic will best his career.
Nate Fisher::Someone sounds bitter, cause we picked the better pg  at pick 11 instead of 2. ;)
Nick Maurer::the most boring 2OT game ive ever seen...
Steven Yap::Too bad Baby can't rebound
Tony Le::Sixers suck!
Christopher Brown::Wow what great insight a team in full on rebuilding mode sucks OHHHHHHH your so clever for pointing that out and it hurt the feelings of all of us in Philly who actually want the Sixers to suck so that we can hit the jackpot in the draft with out two first round picks.
Mike Walker::Come On Folks Hurt or not the Best PG hands down is Rondo, Then Darren Williams, Then D Rose.  I like MCw and I am a76er fan but the kid has a long way to go until he reaches that level.  I will say John Wall IS NOT better than MCW.  I think MCW is a better defender and makes smarter decisions with the ball.  It took Wall 3yrs to learn to slow down. MCW already plays at the perfect speeds of a PG.  He just has to improve his jumper & foul shooting.
Tim Parker::http://www.probux.com/images/banner1.gif
Drew Grundfor::the 76ers have had a hilarious start. I mean, everyone knows they were and are a d-league team, there top scorer Turner is a ball hog who turns it over half the time he gets it...now they are about to lose to the magic without Nelson or Vucevic...at home. Loser team.
Tyler Schloss::Moron of the year right here. Turner averages less than 4 turnovers per game. He is having a breakout season after every wrote him off as a bust long ago.
Christopher Brown::I love it that Drew was wrong (Sixers won) and that he is yet another person saying the Sixers suck like that is some profound statement. THEY ARE REBUILDING SO THEY ARE SUPPOSED TO SUCK!
Drew Grundfor::hahahaha...poor sixers, as if being terrible wasn't enough, Glen Davis is draining 3's to tie it up when all they needed was one mis for the game to be over. L...O...L
Austin Shea::Score is not wrong. Fix was put in. Oh well I still hit 4-5 and if Memphis covers this +7 ill be 5-6. Not bad.
Jake Pool::Only philly can self destruct twice in one game,bad bad bad team in a watered down league
Adrian Rodriguez::It's called tanking
Graeme Phillips::sixers take this. orlando too decimated by injuries and on a back to back
Matthew L Smith::im gonna put it out there...Afflalo will be an all-star this year
Bobby Williams::any injury report for magic tonight?? cant find anything
Will Bernanke::wow,  i have seen it all,  you let glen davis hit a 3 to tie the game!
Drew Grundfor::well, look at it this way, at least they have Evan Turner after that to completely not be clutch. Gotta stay positive.
Will Bernanke::Drew Grundfor he missed a layup a guy in a wheelchair could have hit!
Adrian Rodriguez::This is how you tank a season ;)
Jake Pool::Did i mention how bad evan turner is? No,well he s u x
Jhoan Fernandez::how ya like the over/under for this game?
Jody Hbk Jracula::So after i turned off the TV.. ORL scored a 3?
Austin Shea::Yes. Money was on Philly especially after that terrible showing by Orlando yesterday.
Jody Hbk Jracula::Austin Shea Thats so lame. i cant believe that.
