KANSAS COLLEGE BASKETBALL::SWEEP AWAY SWEEP AWAY BOYS
luvnbayes::I predicted 9-16 for the Wolves last 25 games without Rubio.  So far they are 4-9.  Looks like I might have been a tad optimistic.  I realize the Wolves are banged up but maintain that it was Rubio who made the Wolves successful, not Kevin Love.  And I am a huge Love fan.  But Rubio has such a presence on both ends of the floor and made the team competitive.  I sure hope he can come back 100 percent and ready to go next season,
Geech63::I been tryna tell people that Rubio and Adelman are the reasons the Wolves are better this year but everyone has been blind because of Loves stats..
luvnbayes::agree completely.  I would only add a dash of Pekovic as the third factor.  But Rubio is cleary the number one reason.  He is a true stud.
AaronHeiner::How is letting someone go for 26 and 9 w 4 assts "controlling someone"?
clipctb::Batum, Hickson, Aldridge, Felton, Matthews - very few teams can beat that lineup - that's good coaching!
Logicalfan1::D Williams has stated he has interest in Portland in the off season. Two top 10 picks.  D Will - Flynn Matthews - E. Williams Batum - Babbit Aldridge - Hickson Draft Pick #1 or Draft pick # 2  One of those Draft picks will be a Center. Who most likely will start at some point during the season so that second unit can be lethal. That would be a hard team to beat and it's possible just one year from now.
Finnegan5033::You people knocking the Wolves need to chill. No NBA team can stay in a playoff chase when they lose their starting PG and C, and their 2 best bench players. There D has struggled because Rubio was arguably one of the best defensive players in the league and Peck was pretty good himself. If they can avoid the injury bug next year they will make the playoffs. Still need a shooting guard though.
luvnbayes::Finnegan5033 -- I agree one thousand percent with your analysis.
Logicalfan1::You wolves fans thinking you were going to walk all over the Blazers need to now eat it and go home. Thus the reason people knock the Wolves. Because you dips think your team is better than anyone.
CBass1317::So you wanna talk with Blazer fans about injury issues???  SMH.  We know about injuries.  Your team is the team that suits up and walks out on the floor.  Nothing else matters.
jank6708::What did a healthy Wolves team do to the Blazers last time...............won by 20 Wolves are the better team with the brighter future
Ref Dunked on you haha::T.Wolves would be so much better if they played D
Giggity.iggity::When JJ Hickson, who was waived, starts for your opponent, a new team with an interim coach, and is a +24 in a loss, you know you're the Minnesota Timbercats (and that Kevin Love is not very good at defending; only whining for calls).
32jap32::He fits the Blazers because he is a PERFECT compliment to LA.  As good as LA is, he's not a high energy guy who crashes the boards and takes the ball to the rack.  That is exactly what JJ does.  Those two together make it extremely tough for the defense.
Giggity.iggity::DeAndre Jordan and Blake Griffin are terrible defenders.  There's a reason the Clippers have one of the worst defenses in the NBA.  I watched JJ play every game as a Cav and I know he's not a good player.  He's not very good at playing above the rim, which is supposed to be one of his strengths, he has 0 face up game aside from a jap-step jumper that was inconsistent at best, and he was an absolute cancer to the team with his poor work ethic and attitude.  I'm pretty sure that's why he was traded and then waived by teams with young, impressionable talent.  He fits on the Blazers because they're old.
Logicalfan1::Hickson made DeAndrea Jordan and Blake Griffin look like fools the other day. So I don't know what Sacramento was thinking. The guy is really good.
FranciscoKern::Giggity don't know Jack - and who knows what Sacramento was thinking.  I'm very happy JJ is a Blazer and that starting lineup last night should be the lineup the rest of the way.  JJ should start - LA looked good at center.
TubbyTime334::Nice To See JFlynn have a solid game.
jarrollin::This is starting to remind me of t-wolves basketball...btw wes johnson is unbelievable, just not at basketball
Nacho3101::im hammered
eototal::Oregon - Has the only two sided state flag.  Minnesota - Has a bunch of hot blonde Scandinavian women.  Minnesota Wins!
FranciscoKern::LOL at both you clowns.
BasketBalljon3s::Portland has tons of sexy asian women #winnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
Mavsolute_Beast_41::Stop fighting each other! Chuck Norris will lead both these teams to the WCF.Anyway that series will never end because Chuck will play 2 quarters for Portland and 2 quarters for Minnesota ;)
Nacho3101::My farts smell really bad
KansasIsaDustBowl::WEIRD.  MINE SMELL GREAT!  MEOW!!!
Nacho3101::I like the smell of my farts too we should be friends
KansasIsaDustBowl::DON'T LET ANYONE ELSE SMELL YOUR FARTS.  MY FARTS ONLY SMELL GREAT TO ME...NOT TO ANYONE ELSE.  MEOW!!!
Nacho3101::What's your secret kitty
ShadowH2::The board kinda lost some steam, alright you guys, i'm gonna go finish up my HW, had fun trading some insults with some of you guys, :D.
blazers2189::bye!
bustasports1::whos first for steals and blocks for sf's? lebron? igoudala? nonono JAMES JOHSNON sooooo underrated http://thesirdunkalot.blogspot.ca/2012/03/most-underrated-player-in-nba-by-far.html
blazers2189::lol @ eric gordon in espn home.
Nacho3101::Who else likes farting
blazers2189::peace sota fans! :D
ShadowH2::@ gtwnhoya2 Your mom just called me, she says she wishes you'd grow up a bit.
gtwnhoya2::its past your bedtime  just got off the phone with your mom
gtwnhoya2::are you coming over with your mom tonight?
blazers2189::give it back to your mom her laptop. she wants to watch youporn. GO NOW!
ShadowH2::I do feel sorry for Rubio though, he was pretty fun to watch, and you guys had a pretty solid team with him.
gtwnhoya2::hey blazers how was the clay aiken concert last night with boats?
ShadowH2::*Golf clap*.
tkidu::+10 for gtwn for correct spelling, everyone give him a round of applause
BoatsAndHoes1988::<b> I am proud of you.  You actually spelled everything correctly.  </b>
drewdizzy1::Fine if were shmit talking Hornets&gt;Timberbitches
blazers2189::hello kitty+garfield&gt;tkidu+dogs.
tkidu::ok bye!
blazers2189::okay. get laid now.
tkidu::BRO DON'T YOU BE HATIN ON ME LIKE THAT. hello kitty wil always win in a straight up coolness battle against me
BoatsAndHoes1988::<b> Osama bin Laden's beard &gt; Kevin Love's beard</b>
ShadowH2::Lol at the beard, a bit messed up but still kinda funny.
blazers2189::hello kitty+garfield&gt;tkidu+dogs.
blazers2189::streetsweeper&gt;dogs+minnesota!
gtwnhoya2::that awkward moment when boats comes out of the closet
KansasIsaDustBowl::CALL ME CRAZY BUT BLAZERS PLAYING LIGHTS OUT NOW THAT NATE IS GONE.  PREDICTION:  BULLS/BLAZERS FINAL  MEOW!!!
drewdizzy1::Blazers fans lets show a little class and stop acting like little kids we won thats all that matters.
Rip_City27::get outta here drew.. psshh mature people now days
tkidu::dislike. what fun is that dawg? shoit talking gets me through the day. go post on hello kitty boards
dogs::Blazers have no shot at playoffs
ShadowH2::Did we say that we thought they did? We can still hold on to a tiny bit of hope but it's not like we've been parading it on the board.
Rip_City27::Thanks captain obvious
BoatsAndHoes1988::<b> He's still here folks.  Let's insult his state some more!</b>
127decibels::OK, let's pretend that it's California.
127decibels::WOO HOO!
blazers2189::how much more your wolves. lol
eototal::Nice Engrish
blazers2189::again, hello kitty&gt;kansas+dogs.
gtwnhoya2::that awkward moment when blaZer fans think there funny...
127decibels::That awkard moment when we realize someone from Minnesota is still here.
KansasIsaDustBowl::HISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!  I SEE GEORGETOWN GRADS STILL CAN'T SPELL!  MEOW!!!
Rip_City27::o
blazers2189::hello kitty&gt;dogs!
tkidu::hello kitty is bad mofkn $@%. samuel jackson would wear hello kitty backpacks if he was still in school
KansasIsaDustBowl::PURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!  OOPS!  SORRY ABOUT THE SPRAY!  HERE IS A MOIST TOWELETTE!  MEOW!!!
ShadowH2::Did the Like Army show up?
ShadowH2::Lol.
Rip_City27::I like your strategy
blazers2189::Boats&gt;dogs. hahaha
BoatsAndHoes1988::<b> Dogs does my laundry!</b>
127decibels::Question: If Puerto Rico ends up becoming a 51st state, it's gonna mess up the flag, all kinds of stuff. Anyone know if Canada will take Minnesota for a future draft pick and a player to be named later? That way we could keep the flag intact.
BoatsAndHoes1988::<b> I remember when the T-Wolves were good.  Wait wait wait.   APRIL FOOLS!!   I got you all didn't I??!!</b>
dogs::you have short term memory idiot
BoatsAndHoes1988::<b>  You're getting angry aren't you?  I love it.</b>
blazers2189::Philippines&gt;minnesota!
ShadowH2::When did all of the "__ &gt; ___" catch on?
ShadowH2::LOLOLOL at the girlfriend part. Well, how many thousand pounds of water are in Crater Lake compared to all of yours added up???
tkidu::probably when you said your one lake was better than my 15000. quantity is always better than quality, ask my 300 pound high school girlfriend
127decibels::Monopoly Real Estate &gt; Minnesota
ShadowH2::Ha ha ha ha ha
tkidu::rofl
dogs::BLAZE!!!!!!!!! DOGS &gt; CATS
KansasIsaDustBowl::HISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!
ShadowH2::XD
Rip_City27::Dont let Blaze hear that
tkidu::I see you baby, shakin dat $@%
blazers2189::Zimbabwe&gt;minnesota!
BoatsAndHoes1988::<b> Chihuahuas &gt; Timberwolves</b>
dogs::WELL DUH
gtwnhoya2::@free give up the fact alec burks is an nba player
blazers2189::manny pacquiao&gt;floyd mayweather! HAHAHAHA
BoatsAndHoes1988::<b> Baghdad, Iraq &gt; Minneapolis, Minnesota.   </b>
ShadowH2::Youch.
blazers2189::let's go Iraq!
tkidu::This the house that funk built, groove Armada style.
ShadowH2::Just gotta do this one. Air anywhere &gt; Air in China!
Rip_City27::Minnesota fans are so classy.......  April Fools
ShadowH2::Lol.
dogs::SAYS THE TROLL TRLOLOLOL
tkidu::lol, lame but awesome at the same time
blazers2189::hahahaha. yeah man!
dogs::Boats dont take to me no one likes you. Your below me
