Clint Czar Jefferson::CP gets away with murder on the court but if the opposing team breaths to hard on him it's a foul.
Graham Horobetz::Zach Randolph > BG Marc Gasol > DJ  As long as this remains the same (no signs of going otherwise), Memphis will always have LAC's number
Joseph Barton::Koufos: 18min, 9 Boards, 10 Points Jordan: 42min, 16 Boards, 8 Points This makes me happy
Memphis Tenn::Grizzlies vs Clippers are always a fun game to watch. Go Grizzlies!!!
Errol Thomas Jr::Especially if you are a fan of both basketball and wrasslin'.  LOL.
Memphis Tenn::ZBO vs Griffen!!! Lol
Andrew Higginbottom::Koufos MVP!!!!
Andrew Higginbottom::ALL STAR!
Andrew Higginbottom::HOF!
Joseph Barton::Grit & Grind!
Derek Mathews::Big time win for the Grizzlies. This is the Grizzlies team that people thought was going to see at the beginning of the season. Now let's get the next one, and head home. Clippers are a hard team to beat at home.
Andrew Higginbottom::Blake should just watch ZBO to learn to play basketball....it is so funny watching blake play..it is like he never practices in the summer. 0 post moves again this year....
Levert Collins::but averaging more points and higher rebound this last year
Levert Collins::then
Chase Ennis::How many more near triple doubles can Marc Gasol get?? This guy STILL doesn't get the recognition he deserves!
Greg Bosgraaf::Did you see the hate he got when ESPN had him at #10 in their player rankings. People don't appreciate all that this dude does for this team.
Andrew Higginbottom::Greg Bosgraaf Marc was 10th in ESPN player ranking? hell yeah!
Chase Ennis::@Greg Nine times out of ten, no, they do not. Wow they were still hating on him after having him at #10 in their player rankings? That's pretty sad. Sarcasm aside, I did not know that. Still, we never get any kind of love from anybody, but that's ok.
Errol Thomas Jr::I'm not expecting a whole lot vs. a really good team on their home court being the 3rd game in four nights, but if ZBo can get in at least one choke-slam on Griffin, they can have all the dunks and score all the points they want, and I will still claim a moral victory.  LOL!  Go Grizzlies!
Greg Bosgraaf::Who knows, maybe it will aggravate that "ankle sprain" he suffered during the playoffs.
Aaron Rooney::Ladies and Gentleman....Grizz fans  Pathetic
Greg Bosgraaf::Aaron Rooney So who will be your team next year?
Chase Ennis::Great win! See yall Wednesday for the Warriors, where we go 4-0 on this road trip! Vote Marc, Z-Bo and Conley for All Star! Let's get em to Nawleans!
Graham Horobetz::Gasol always flirts with the triple-double but doesn't care about getting it, more focused on winning.
Chad Wiggins::he was trying to kick the ball... it was goofy as hell, and yet i dont think he meant to
Graham Horobetz::I wonder how CP3 reacts in the street when he is bumped
Andrew Higginbottom::that is why he has state farm...
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::clippers bye bye!! memphis too good
Billy Holland::Grizz doing it WEST COAST style !!
Graham Horobetz::Do we get 2 all-stars this year??
Andrew Higginbottom::should have 3....but I'm cool with Rings and Banners.
Graham Horobetz::Andrew Higginbottom I think Conley will be deserving, but West PG position is too deep
Andrew Higginbottom::Graham Horobetz I know.... the most underrated PG in the game....
Clint Czar Jefferson::all good things must come to an end
Daniel Drewry::I love how they only showed the Clippers and no Grizzlies in the highlights minus the one Gasol shot at the end and then they are like oh and by the way the Grizzlies won this game. That's ok, I would rather take the win than the highlights.
Andrew Higginbottom::Grizz finally getting it together. Conleys numbers this year are gonna be all career highs. ZBO seems to be settled in. and Dave seems to be getting his point across. Looks like Ed is on his way out though. is he hurt or just being benched? I like the shorter bench, hope it doesnt wear on the bigs though.
Errol Thomas Jr::Ed is all athleticism and very little BBIQ.  He has the tools but just does not use them effectively.  Darrell Arthur is a much better basketball player.
Evander Smart::Glad to see Rivers has gotten DJ right as far as rebounding goes He's averaging 12, over the previous years less than 7 a game He has 11 in the first half tonight With his size and athleticism, no excuse for averaging 7 boards
Kevin Cochran::Grizzlies "sneak past them late"?!?  We had the lead for the final 11:23 of the game.  That ain't sneakin'!!  Grit N Grind, baby
Greg Bosgraaf::I was thinking the same thing.
Evander Smart::For the Clippers, Griffin and Paul played big, but Reddick and Crawford didn't show up
Levert Collins::dont worry they get even better as the year go on still early once they start playing d better ill see us coming out of the west
Graham Horobetz::Marc Gasol doesn't try to get triple-doubles because they aren't worth his time
