T W::How hard is it to protect the ball and not make turnovers?  If you aren't a good ball handler you probably should try to make a living shake and baking your opponents.  Might want to opt for the give and go more often.  If you make stupid passes that lead to turnovers, maybe you should let someone else facilitate and stick to scoring and rebounding.  Evan Turner, that's you.  Every turnover is a bonus chance for your opponent to score at least a deuce.  Evan had 9 the other night.  Evan gave the opponent a chance at more scoring than he could produce himself.  Its such a preventable flaw in a person's game unlike having a good jump shot which is something you are born with i guess.
Cyril::I think in a few games this Raptors team could develop a nice chemistry.  Patterson can stretch the floor a little bit and open things up for Jonas to post up and DeMar to slash more. Vasquez is the playmaker they've needed since getting rid of Calderon.  The X factor will be how Terrence Ross adapts to being a starter. He doesn't need to score 18-20 points every game, but if he can consistently knock down open three's and play competent defense, they'll at least have a competitive 8-man rotation, and in the Eastern Conference, that's all you need to challenge for a playoff spot right now.   Of course, I'm not sure that's what the fans in Toronto want to happen, since many of them seem to have their hearts set on competing in the Wiggins Bowl.
Mister E::PASS the ball to Jonas, he had low post position with his hand up and Demar chooses to go one on one and take a 15 footer.  I like Demar, but COME ON.
PKM::What happens in a game when both teams are tanking?
Anton::Ross the Boss!
- LJ::injured prone mcw has no chance to the super rookie top overall pick anthony the beast bennet =)
Mister E::One day post Gay and the Raps are already a much improved team.  Vazquez, Valanciunas and Amir seem to already be developing chemistry.
None N::is it that hard for the raps to lose without Gay??? Maybe keeping him would have been the better tanking move.
jesse::is ross starting?
ralph::Tankapalooza
