Jonnycs10::I'm glad Irving's tummy let him play though it didn't matter. He needs to face it and embrace the SG position. He's not a PG.
the_ascent::How long is Randolph supposed to be out?
SuperNeo::Rockets fan here. I have to admit that when the Grizz traded Rudy Gay I thought it was a sure recipe for disaster, but I now believe it's a case of addition by subtraction. The front office really knows what they're doing in Memphis and I'm extremely impressed. I only hope the Rockets can do the same with their young core of players and build a TRUE team like the Grizzlies. Much respect.
rc021363::Grizzlies did great without two main players.  I hope they make it back soon.  I would like to see the whole team playing together.  Bayless, Conley and Gasol did great work on the Cavs.  The Cavs have improved and kept in the game.  Grizzlies need to step it up to the next level and really dominate a game.  Right now, they know how to win, even come back from way behind.  The playoffs will be tough if they don't step it up a little more, or else, it might be a short playoff run.  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!!!!
doof54::The first line of the ESPN game recap reads: The Memphis Grizzlies are doing just fine with their best player sidelined by an injury.  Guys, they are doing this without Zach AND WITHOUT his backup, Darrell Arthur.  Ed Davis, supposedly the number 3 PF was 1 rebound shy of a double-double, and looking better with the starting 5.
Mieryekit::REYNALDO BALKMAN (former NBA player in Knicks &amp; Nuggets) CHOKE his teammate..!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bmGR2YDa1I
macman085::move along people, nothing to see here
roy2daboy::Hate that I missed the game (best friend got married tonight), but I'm glad that the Grizz got the win.
KJsactown::Been using a bet system called Sportsbettingstar a few months now. Im making around 2-3k a month using this system picks. You can learn more about how the system works by googling sports betting systems
KJsactown::Been following this betting system called Sportsbettingstar the past few months. Ive made around 2-3k a month since I started to follow this system. You can find this system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems
Yata-garasu::OmniVersal is probably YenxRenx as he doesn't seem to like Irving that much...  The Waiters scoring less with Irving doesn't mean much.  He gets to take more shots and you are disregarding the fact that Waiters has shot 10% better from the field in February when Irving's been hurt.  Waiters getting better as the year progresses+Irving being hurt at the same time=more PPG.  I LMAO when I read the "Monta Ellis + more consistent jumpshot=Irving."  LOL!
Yata-garasu::Good game Grizzlies and good luck in the PO!  One of the few teams that I think have a chance vs Miami in the PO(Grizzlies/Pacers/Clipper/Thunder/Spurs).  Nice job by the Cavs... The Grizzlies were just better.  On to the next one(which I can hopefully see.)  GO CAVS!!!
orange_63::so if the lakers don't make the playoffs, that is good for the cavs?
Phil__Dawson::Actually no. The cavs don't get the lakers pick if it is a lottery pick. Best case scenario for the cavs is for the lakers to barely make the playoffs.
orange_63::okay then.....GO Lakers!
Jeff 315::Using a bet system called Sportsbettingstar the past couple months now. I am making around 2-3K each month since I began following its picks. You can find this system by searching for sports betting systems on Google.
Hey hey hey lets go tribe::Is dion okay?
YogaBeer::He played tonight/last night... but has the flu.
Grindhouse2413::I love my fellow Grizzly fans. Grizz Nation unite!
tigersfangoldandblue::It's okay, Justin likely doesn't know how to count to 7 so we should forgive him.
Justin From Bannedland::Yeah, all 7 of ya's!
Justin From Bannedland::Just messin around bruh
gotigersmemphis87::Yeah 7 right...
Dominic10002::Good game Grizz!!!
Grindhouse2413::I love all these road wins. Love my Grizzlies. This year, these last bunch of games heading into the playoffs are so crucial. These playoffs are going to be crazy!! I will be at tomorow nights game as we look to get some revenge on the Pelicans. Defend the three point line!! Haters are going to hate. We are winning and winning as a team. Thats all that matters in the end.
grizzliesfanmt::One thing I can't understand is the obsession with having a superstar. If you have a balanced team that relies on their defense (e.g. 2004 Detroit Pistons), what is the issue? All of these ESPN analysts seem to think the Grizzlies can win all they want but that they have no "go to guy" so they can't win close games. To me, as long as the Grizz run their offense through Gasol they are going to succeed at any time of the game. You don't need Rudy Gay taking 25 shots to be successful.
deathtofudge::Defense wins championships. AND like mpres1973 said, we have several late-game options that I feel just as comfortable with (if not more) as I ever did with ol' Moody Gay. Randolph, Bayless, Prince, Marc, Mike, and Q-Pon are all capable of hitting big shots, even if they aren't as proficient as creating their own shot as Rudy was (however, creating a shot that you then miss doesn't really do much good, which was happening 60% of the time this year).
mpres1973::We're scoring more now and defense is better. Grizzlies do not play last shot basketball. If it comes down to that, then any one of our pros can do the job.
gotigersmemphis87::Hey sponseredbytwinkie. You're a rtard if you think Rudy Gay was who makes or breaks the Grizzlies title chances. LMAO!
grizzliesfanmt::because almost every team tries to get a rudy gay or carmelo anthony... No one has tried to build a team like the Grizzlies. Every team now relies on one superstar and surround him with 3 point shooters. Everyone seems to be desperate to find that "face of the franchise", so you see teams like Toronto waste all their cap space on a guy who can score a lot of points, even if he needs 25 shots to do it.
OmniVersal::Main reason you need a star is to draw fouls. Sad but true. Why do you think teams filled with stars get a lot of favorable calls
mpres1973::OmniVersal - Main reason you need a star is to draw fouls. Sad but true. Why do you think teams filled with stars get a lot of favorable calls  Spurs have superstars, Lakers, um...List goes on and on.  They are not winning rings anymore. What will be so annoying for everyone including NBA exec's will be that one of the SMALLEST MARKET teams will take your ring.
OmniVersal::Alright you say this now.
grizzliesfanmt::when you play gritty basketball and live in the paint, you are going to get calls
sponsoredbytwinkie::yeah, but that's like the only example.. and it's the one everyone brings up
mpres1973::sponsoredbytwinkie - as flawed as Rudy was as a player, when you traded him you said goodbye to being a contender for this season  LOL...  Grizzlys will never say goodbye to anything. Whats so funny is, the Grizzlies will force "superstar"(whatever that is) teams to score 90 or under. DO YOU KNOW WHAT THAT DOES TO A TEAM when they are forced to play a different way? No way Memphis does not goto the Nba Champ game this year. Past 2 years was preparation. And if they do make it to the Finals, the East will not carry Memphis more than 6 games at best.
sponsoredbytwinkie::Ellis is actually awesome when he has competition for minutes, as the Bucks are learning after the JJ Redick trade.. normally he plays like he doesn't care
grizzliesfanmt::sponsoredbytwinkie - grizzliesfanmt - sponsoredbytwinkie - as flawed as Rudy was as a player, when you traded him you said goodbye to being a contender for this season  the bucks are a prime example, you get to shot chuckers who are inefficient but pad their numbers with lots of points, you will never win. wonder why the warriors struggled with ellis.  why are you attacking my team?  im not i have nothing against the bucks, but i hate ellis he is a ball stopper. all he does is jack up shots no matter whose guarding him. i remember he was 1-14 against the grizzlies.
sponsoredbytwinkie::grizzliesfanmt - sponsoredbytwinkie - I feel with a team without a "superstar" you can't squander any talent that you have.. when you trade for developing pieces, it's a wait and see process  I would rather have ed davis and tayshaun prince any day. The Grizzlies are playing excellent without Rudy, and against the Spurs, without Rudy, we easily won the series.  I didn't want to get into an argument.. you asked me why I thought that and I told you.. if you think you match up better against the West powers better now than with Rudy, then more power to ya
grizzliesfanmt::sponsoredbytwinkie - I feel with a team without a "superstar" you can't squander any talent that you have.. when you trade for developing pieces, it's a wait and see process  I would rather have ed davis and tayshaun prince any day. The Grizzlies are playing excellent without Rudy, and against the Spurs, without Rudy, we easily won the series.
sponsoredbytwinkie::grizzliesfanmt - sponsoredbytwinkie - as flawed as Rudy was as a player, when you traded him you said goodbye to being a contender for this season  the bucks are a prime example, you get to shot chuckers who are inefficient but pad their numbers with lots of points, you will never win. wonder why the warriors struggled with ellis.  why are you attacking my team?
grizzliesfanmt::sponsoredbytwinkie - as flawed as Rudy was as a player, when you traded him you said goodbye to being a contender for this season  the bucks are a prime example, you get to shot chuckers who are inefficient but pad their numbers with lots of points, you will never win. wonder why the warriors struggled with ellis.
sponsoredbytwinkie::I feel with a team without a "superstar" you can't squander any talent that you have.. when you trade for developing pieces, it's a wait and see process
grizzliesfanmt::explain why sponsoredbytwinkie...
sponsoredbytwinkie::as flawed as Rudy was as a player, when you traded him you said goodbye to being a contender for this season
denverboi1993::Just means it's super super hard to win without a superstar. Not impossible though.
grizzliesfanmt::Can we all finally agree Gasol is the best center in the league?
deathtofudge::agreed
hawginTN::yep!
Jbrad24seven113::Yup!! Best all around center for sure.. It's like having a PG in the front court
grizz_gurl_84::yes
denverboi1993::No?
denverboi1993::Oh Marc Gasol... I was thinking Pau nevermind. Yea maybe.
denverboi1993::Wow the Western Conference Playoff race is intriguing. I hope the Nuggets get the 3 seed but honestly I don't know how it's going to end up looking. Might as well flip a coin. What do you guys think?
Griss13ears::I don't think the Grizz will pass the Clippers for the 3rd seed considering they are already down 0 -2 and thenext 2 games both come on the tail end of a back-to-back. We have struggled with those games all year. It will be hard to make up those points in the standings if we lose both of those (or even one really considering the Clippers easy schedule at the end of the season). We really do NOT need to give up the 4th spot to the Nuggs, though. THat would be a miserable first round series if Denver has home court.
Grindhouse2413::AK, dont think the Clips can get less than the 4th spot because they are going to win their division
UofMemphisTigers::The Clippers would be the 4 seed but Denver could still have home court if the Nuggets have a better record.
AKsparky907::Right you are grindhouse, I totally spaced that one. Sorry nuggets look like you get the 5 spot.
denverboi1993::Oh yea that's right. Forgot about that.
AKsparky907::Hoping grizz 3, nuggets 4, and clippers 5. They are all playing great ball though. I think a lot will be decided on this next road trip for the grizz.
denverboi1993::Yea big games coming up for them. And it seems like the Grizzlies and Nuggets are surging but the Clippers are just being average. Makes sense for both teams to pass up LAC... but you never know. Who wins when Memphis comes to Denver?
amfmamem@ameritech.net::Good news Utah lost again
denverboi1993::Yea why is that good news lol
OmniVersal::So you'd rather have the Lakers make the playoffs?
sponsoredbytwinkie::this is for YogaBeer  Waiters with Irving: 13.9 pts/game Waiters without Irving: 18.4 pts/game.. Stats don't lie
OmniVersal::Just imagine what Waiters could do with an actual PG.
Jonnycs10::Irving isn't a point guard. He's a scrawny shooting guard who will never play a full NBA season because his frail body can't handle it.
YogaBeer::jealous    that's a fact.    You're on these boards 24/7 doing your best to discredit the best young pg in the league.    All the scouts/ analysts say the same thing.   Kyrie IRving is top 5 PG NOW.      He'll be the best as the Cavs continue to build their team.  Now if you're a real NY Knick fan, you'd be over on the Knick threads defending the knicks instead of trying to discredit the Cavs day in and night out.
OmniVersal::Not jealous at all. Just stating obvious facts. Please show me how I'm wrong
YogaBeer::Why are you so jealous of Uncle Drew?
YogaBeer::Fear the deer.   lol
sponsoredbytwinkie::YogaBeer - Hilarious.  We have a buck fan and nugget fan trolling and doing a bad job of it.  who's trolling? I asked a question?
YogaBeer::Hilarious.  We have a buck fan and Kncik fan trolling and doing a bad job of it.
OmniVersal::I was talking about YogaBeer
sponsoredbytwinkie::who you talking to? Me? I came in and made a basketball observation.. then asked a question.. how is that trolling?
YogaBeer::I watch all the games.   You don't.  You are a troll that's seeking attention b/c the Buck Fans won't give you any.
YogaBeer::B/c I'm aware what these guys are doing.    I will still argue it.   How many of those games where the #s were skewed due to one player coming back from an injury?
sponsoredbytwinkie::Fear the Lottery
OmniVersal::He agreed then changed his post LOL
sponsoredbytwinkie::yet when I said that Waiters plays better when Irving isn't playing you argued it
Jbrad24seven113::Look I honestly don't think LeBron was wrong for going to Miami.. Guaranteed had Gilbert gave him the help he wanted he would've stayed.. Cause he was close.. He jus needed the right sidekick..  But he wasn't getting that help &amp; he had to move on &amp; go somewhere where he'd get the best opportunity to win a ring.. I don't agree with the whole decision however.. He could've jus said I'm going to sign with Miami instead of make a big show out if it.. But he was still very young.. He has matured a lot since then
Jbrad24seven113::No doubt that I believe LeBron wants to come back and he would givin up a ring in Miami for a ring (several rings in Cleveland) hopefully he goes back and gets it done after his contract is up
YogaBeer::I use to think the Grizzly fans had some class.
Lugene Parker::If our management were doing a terrible job surrounding Gasol and Zbo then I wouldnt be mad if they just straight up and left.  The decision could have been done diff.  I wish Gilbert would have done a better job surrounding him.  I was rooting for you guys to get a championship with bron.
Jbrad24seven113::How do I not have class by stating my opinion on the LeBron situation
obamaagainin2012::Grit and Grind All Night/Day
YogaBeer::so... you all are saying the Grizzlies can't contend in the NBA?
grizzliesfanmt::our offense goes stone cold sometimes and we dont feed gasol nearly enough. anyone who knows basketball would agree hes the best center in the nba. what the guys does doesnt show up on the stat sheet. he knows how to play defense without fouling like so mnay other big men, he has incredible touch with a silky jumper, and he looks for the open man. he isnt selfish enough, which may sound like the dumbest complaint about any nba player, but sometimes he needs to be calling for the ball instead of letting bayless dribble in circles and jack up a 3. also, if zach can find his touch like he did against the spurs in the playoffs, then i think we make the finals. if he continues to have those 6-16 nights then it is a 2nd round exit.
YogaBeer::I agree.    But the peeps below think no team in the NBA can win unless they have LeBron James.
Lugene Parker::He's a talent you dont pass up on.  I'd take any superstar that is unselfish on the court all day.  Thats why I feel like we could beat miami in a seven game series with Gasol.  If our outside shots are falling.  Miami cant do anything to stop gasol.  He's proved it over and over again.  But having a player like Lebron does help though.
Lugene Parker::We can beat anybody on any given night.  We need a SF that can play great defense and knock down shots  form 3 consistently and groom Tony wroten into the backup PG to be almost unstoppable though to guarantee a title IMO.
Jbrad24seven113::If there was a draft today &amp; u were the GM &amp; u had to choose between Kyrie &amp; LeBron.. Who'd u choose!?  LJ all day for me
AKsparky907::Lebron of course.
YogaBeer::kyrie Irving.
OmniVersal::LeBron definitely. He can even play the PG position better.
grizzliesfanmt::How can anyone not want LeBron back in Cleveland. He could gruesomely murder my entire family and I would happily take him.
grizzliesfanmt::we are one kyle forver/jj reddick away from it in my opinion. gasol and randolph draw so much attention i would love to see what they could do with an elite shooter to kick it to
YogaBeer::I understand completely as well.    Those that think this way simply aren't aware of all that went on.    Looking in from the outside, it's a different view.  However, you think the Grizzlies can't contend?
YogaBeer::for what he did.
OmniVersal::As long as Kyrie doesn't play like a PG the Cavs will keep getting lottery picks.
grizzliesfanmt::i understand completely honestly i couldnt just become a huge fan of someone who did that to my team ever again. cavs dont need to anyways with kyrie and another lottery pick this year.
Jbrad24seven113::Lol.. True..
memphisten22::i'm looking at the Cav's post game show and they have talked about the Grizz more than they have talked about the Cavs. Crazy.
YogaBeer::As they should.   The Grizz won and put on a clinic in that 3rd Q.
Jbrad24seven113::LeBron+Kyrie??? Thoughts Cavs fans..  I'd personally love to see the Return of The King
rede482::right now ill take uncle drew over lebron for sure
gotigersmemphis87::If that makes you feel better then keep saying it rede482
YogaBeer::take him.   He's all yours.  oh   and   lol
Jbrad24seven113::Technically LeBron is too.. Lol  Once in a lifetime player or once in a lifetime PG??  No brainer.. Give me LJ
YogaBeer::Kyrie Irving is a once in a lifetime PG.   He's 20.
Jbrad24seven113::I dunno about that.. Kyrie is a beast and has a bright future.. But Bron is a once a generation player who's entering the peak of his prime.. Not even 30 yet
Jbrad24seven113::So Cavs fans don't want Bron to come back?!?!  That's crazy  Who wouldn't want him on their team
YogaBeer::I'm ONE Cavs fan.    There are variable viewpoints from various Cavalier fans.  This Cavalier Fan does NOT want him back.
OmniVersal::Well LeBron would be the PG.
YogaBeer::He'd have to take orders from Uncle Drew.   And like it.
YogaBeer::LeBron can return only if he's the head parking lot attendant.
GoTigers2015::lol dude, it's never gonna happen
Jbrad24seven113::All I know is that if our starting 5 are on &amp; then we get  DA, Bayless &amp; Davis goin all at once off the bench.. Grizz are gonna be tough to beat
YogaBeer::Bayless couldn't miss tonight.
AKsparky907::Couldn't miss 2 nights ago either. This was almost every game for him about a month ago.
Indians1028::WTF, I can only see comments from 47 minutes ago
YogaBeer::refresh?
GoTigers2015::Must get tiresome for Cavs fans to always see LeBron on their boards no matter who they are playing
rede482::it would be a shame for the grizz and nuggs to play first round. two teams that culd upset alot of teams including the heat. with lebrons coward self. leaving his home state to play with dwade an established superstar. he shuld b ashamed of himself
Lugene Parker::Can't hate Lebron, gotta blame management.  If a transcendent player falls into my lap i'm selling the farm to putt legit pieces around him.
rede482::he culdve gone to new york that i would have understood. but he has no legacy in my eyes needing dwade to win
OmniVersal::Was LeBron not a free agent?
rede482::grizz fan. lebron "hatr"
AKsparky907::Prince has been shooting terribly the last couple of games but has been contributing in other ways. He is a nice fit for our team, doesn't force anything.
t casey::Dope. Good to see Tey back making an impact on a winning team again. The sentiment was the same here for Daye. I think he needed a new environment though. Things had really gone south with him here and it wasn't showing signs of improving much.  Obviously I'm a fan of that blue collar brand of basketball as well so good luck in the playoffs. Hope y'all can make some noise.
rede482::i think daye has tremendous potential dont understand why yall let him go. tay is great fits n perfect. just needs to get his stroke back. we want a blue collar hard nose championship like u got
t casey::Ok, just wondering. Piston fan here, how have Tey and Austin been playing?
t casey::Cavs fan?
GoTigers2015::Reason Denver is a bad match up for the Grizz is because they got some impressive bigs that are ridiculous athletes. Z-bo and Marc are great and use fundamentals and their Bbal IQ to get the boards, but Denver just has sheer athleticism.
YogaBeer::I agree in terms of match-ups.   Head to head, it's a tough match-up, but overall, I'd go with the Grizz if I were a gambling dog.
YogaBeer::Seriously.       I realize there are some Western teams that have more superstars on their team than the Grizz, but what team in the west is as deep from top to bottom than the Grizz?
Lugene Parker::Nuggets always gives us problems.
YogaBeer::ahhh okay.     Sort of like the Raptors, for what ever the reason is, no matter the decade, have been a thorn in the Cavaliers side.
OmniVersal::Nuggets.
AKsparky907::The nuggets are very deep. The grizz have a definite drop off after the 7th or 8th guy. Daye has a great stroke but gets lost on d. Ed is very athletic, a good shot blocker, and has a nice touch around the basket but is a terrible shooter and a little too thin to battle down low. The grizz still don't have a quality back up point guard or center. All that to say, we are gonna have to rely on our top 8 guys heavily.
YogaBeer::I guess I should pay more attention to the Nuggets.     Looking at their DEPTH compared to Grizz, I just don't see it.    However, in all honesty, I've not watched the two go at it.  Hey!   You answered my question.     Now i'll know what to look for.   :)
OmniVersal::Alright keep believing that. But the way they're going they're getting a top 4 seed and homecourt for the first round. Nuggets at home is a very deadly combination.
YogaBeer::No.    seriously.    Nuggets are a one and done team.
TheJTram::Ah...I didn't get to see Prince play today...=(
Lugene Parker::If he can ever get that jump shot to fall consistently, then we'd be even deadlier.  He played pretty well.  Got some good looks.  Just got to knock them down.  tremendous addition so far.
AKsparky907::I like that he doesn't force anything. That shot will start falling. It has in the 4th when we have really needed it. He contributes in so many other ways.
OmniVersal::What Marc Gasol does for the Grizzlies never fails to impress.
robnaim::MEN
GoTigers2015::BRITNEY GRINER
Nargash35::Clippers will slide to the 5th seed and Nuggets and Grizz will battle for the 3rd seed..!!
OmniVersal::Nuggets are too nasty. Same with the Grizzlies. That would be one interesting series if they were to face off.
AKsparky907::Honestly, I hope to not see them in the first round.
rede482::we're coming for that spot clippers! have fun playing denver first round
mpres1973::Scare you? LOL, If your a Championship team or player, nothing scares you. In life, I like to tackle the best early in the day, saveing the small stuff for later. Thats why my name is in everything you see.  MP73(chaMP)
memphisten22::we have trouble with teams that have athletic front court players. You can't get anymore athletic than The Manimal and McGee.
Lugene Parker::You r not lying.  If we had to play them and we lost in the first round then I wouldnt be mad.  I'd rather play the spurs the Denver LOL
Jbrad24seven113::I hope.. Denver is the one team that scares me.. More than the spurs &amp; thunder
GoTigers2015::Have fun getting the 5 spot you mean, Clips aren't going to get home court against Denver, Grizz will take the 3
grizzliesfanmt::who do cavs fans want in the draft this year?
YogaBeer::Whom ever Chris Grant picks.    He's magical.
Nargash35::Otto,Shabazz,Oladipo..!!
Indians1028::Otto Porter
Indians1028::If you guys play Utah or Houston please beat them
dhoodsims::neither one of those teams can beat my rockets slow your roll holm boi
GoTigers2015::Can we get some PT for Z-Bo tomorrow? Just slow him back into rotation, as the extra minutes Davis is getting is helping
ncrdbl1::Got a big home game tomorrow we cannot over look. Then hit the road for  the toughest 4 game road trip of the season. Including back to back with Portland and Clippers. Keep playing well we can return home in 3rd spot or play bad we can come home 5th.
grizzliesfanmt::Why doesn't speights start
YogaBeer::Speights did start a few games back.   He was great in the first half and then didn't have enough in the tank in the 2nd half.   Like tonight.     Speights was awful in the 2nd half tonight.    Overall, Love what he's brought to Cleveland, but there were times tonight I thought he was giving the game away.
YogaBeer::AMen.     I thought Ellington should've started tonight over Waiters.    It was quite obvious that both Waiters and Irving were still feeling the effects of flu tonight.    Ellington has been money for us.    I know he can go into a funk, but so far, so good.
memphisten22::rudy didn't play well against us either. that "playing your old team" causes a lot of players to play sub par.... ellington did well though.
dhoodsims::zeller sucks in nba 2k13
Nargash35::Dan Gilbert and Grant know why..!
YogaBeer::He's a 20 minute player.    Plus, the Cavs aren't going anywhere this year, so start the rookie C.
Bill O O::No body knows
Indians1028::They want Zeller to develop I think
rede482::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ap5Sw3xsZhU  last time im posting it. just cracks me up everytime. good game cavs.  F lebron he's a coward
YogaBeer::damn
Indians1028::Damn
grizzliesfanmt::cavs are the oakland raiders of the nba
grizzliesfanmt::its not an insult, the oakland raiders are the best team with a crappy record
GoTigers2015::No, the Browns are the Browns of the NFL
Indians1028::Except we dont suck at drafting
OmniVersal::The Raiders have won championships.
Jbrad24seven113::I know the haters will say.. Haha grizz suck cause they barely beat the Cavs.. I say any win (especially on the road)  for the grizz right now is impressive while DA &amp; ZBo are out.. Plus Irving played for the Cavs.. Dudes a beast
YogaBeer::don't pay attention to the trolls.    Grizz are built for the PO.    Good 1/2 court team.
OmniVersal::Grizz don't suck that's their style to grind wins.
Jbrad24seven113::I agree.. He's 1a &amp; ZBo is 1b if that makes sense
OmniVersal::Marc Gasol is their best player though not ZBo. Although ZBo is still good.
Jbrad24seven113::I know that.. But idiot trolls will only look at the final score &amp; then compare records.. They won't look at the fact grizz r trying to maintain right now without their best player &amp; one of their best bench players
Minnysota Vikings::Seriously though, I like that Alonzo Gee. Excellent defender.
Jbrad24seven113::Roll tide
GoTigers2015::and he can make the occasional 65 foot shot
sponsoredbytwinkie::starting to wonder if the backcourt combo of Waiters/Irving is gonna work out
sponsoredbytwinkie::Obviously Kyrie is terrific, but Waiters seems to have his best games when Irving isn't playing
YogaBeer::You should watch more.
YogaBeer::The best backcourt in NBA right now.    look up the stats if you don't believe.  But it's difficult to look good against a PO Team like The Grizz when both have the flu.
YogaBeer::Look it up.    Stats don't lie.
sponsoredbytwinkie::it's not the best backcourt in the NBA.. the best backcourt in the NBA wins
