Jabari Akil::So this is why Indiana wants homecourt so bad lmao
Jason Aschenbrenner::haha
Andrew John Feeback::The Pacers have the second-best road record in the NBA.
Jabari Akil::Andrew John Feeback Missed my point.
Brent Carroll::Dragic and the Suns are going to make a statement they have beaten playoff teams all year and have beaten teams like the Blazzers and Clippers buts they destroyed those teams they will win on National Television we are at home Tucker will lock down George Dragic will destroy George Hill our bench will destroy the Pacers weak Bench we have 3 double digit scorers lets get it on
Jonah Swidan::Whoa whoa whoa dude, I get the Suns have been a surprise and all and have a fairly decent team, but you are going wayyyy too far with those silly azz predictions
Brent Carroll::Jonah Swidan no I am not it will happen body hahahahahhahah
Jonah Swidan::Lol we will see "body" lmao wow
George Jimas::where's the overreaction for this game lol? miami is the defending two time champs and every time they lose people go crazy. but when it's indy, who hasn't proven anything except the great achievement of losing in 7 games to the champs, no one says anything. typical hate.
Gerard Hicks::that's the plot of the champion. just like how there will always be 29 teams that get up for the heat. Every team circles the current champs on their calendar as the game to make a statement/turn the season around/turn it up. Doubly so because the Heat are actively resting their best players....some teams see it as a weakness to exploit, others see it as disrespect.
Patrick Bolner::typical hate indeed. get off the pacers board.
Gerard Hicks::Patrick Bolner Do the pacers even HAVE a board? How about we'll never comment on another Pacers game again if you can remove the 10,000 pacers trolls from every single heat game thread....
Jabari Akil::Looks like Brent wasn't wrong about his team.
Eleanor Riggby::Everyone thought he was a loon... (well, he still might be)
Christopher Paulin::Pacers next game is @ SAC. Any prediction? King's Gay Cousin went out vs HOU..
Ryan Johns::Anyone can beat anyone is a single regular season game. Anomalies happen. Stuff like this shouldn't surprise anyone. Unless the Suns improve their seeding, a first round exit is extremely likely.
Jabari Akil::This is why people say the Heat only need Oden to contribute 15-20 minutes a game in the ECF. 6 points and 4 boards on 3-8 shooting.
Chelo Mejias::Heat will be a first round exit
Jabari Akil::Chelo Mejias Shut up celtics fan
George Jimas::Chelo Mejias bro do you even lift?
Chelo Mejias::Roy Hibbert 6 points and 4 rebounds in 26 minutes...what an overrated joke
Trevor Hennington::Dude had a bad game, relax.  Like no star on any other team in the history of the NBA has ever had a crappy game.  Or maybe this is your first time watching the NBA, if that's the case, I'm sorry.
Chelo Mejias::Trevor Hennington   Did i hurt your feelings with facts??? put some cream on the sorest hole after this game.
Jonah Swidan::You are the biggest tool ever,  Im a Pacers fan but I see you talking so much shyt in other rooms.  Get a Fuquing life Chomo
Jonah Swidan::Alright!  Another nationally televised game!!  I think this one was recently added.   Phoenix has been a shocking surprise this year, but I think the Pacers will win it out in the 4th this game by a good fight put up by the Suns
Zack Schooler::Yeah. ESPN/NBA used flex scheduling to switch this one over to ESPN given how good the Pacers have looked, along with the Suns being a surprise
Scott Boyle::Think it is finally time to stop saying the Suns are overachieving. 21 point lead over Indy with scoring coming from everywhere. Suns are actually good folks. With Bledsoe healthy they can play with anyone. Can't wait for the next offseason when the Suns leverage their bag full of first round picks for a stud.
Bryan Phillip Fulton::Gotta Love it!!!! My Suns Second unit is growing the lead against the "best" team in the league"s first unit. Go SUNS!!!!!!!!!
Ed DeSalle::NOBODY is beating the Heat in a 7 game series! NOBODY! We'll take a DUMP on Indiana AGAIN!
Paul Hearn::The Thunder will with a healthy Westbrook...
Ed DeSalle::Paul Hearn 4-1 last time against Thunder
Ed DeSalle::with a healthy militant Westbrook
Jameson Taillon::different breed of basketball in the west...no pushovers to rack up wins against
Zack Schooler::What is the Pacers record against the West? Last time I checked it was 11-3
Jeremy Schulte::hey Zack schooler they are 3-3 against west play off teams and got blown out twice .. So if they were in the west believe me no near the record they have.,
Gerard Hicks::Jeremy Schulte And yet the west leading spurs would kill for a .500 record against west playoff teams and no one cares. Of course they have the pedigree to fall back on...
Steven Rivera::Pacers 20th in the league in Turnovers so this is nothing new here with them turning the ball over.
Ayn Bland::WHAT?!  Another team blew out the Pacers?  Must be a B2B.  Right?
Eleanor Riggby::Jonah Swidan I think Choice Privileges will enjoy knowing one of their representatives likes to post racist comments on message boards
Ayn Bland::Romondo Thomas Pray that, by some miracle, they meet a chump team like the Spurts in the finals.
Jonah Swidan::Eleanor Riggby I'm half Lebanese anyway where as my fathers side is from Asia,  wont work
Bryan Phillip Fulton::Good Game Pacers, You tried but my Suns proved were no slouches.
Jonah Swidan::Played good indeed, but the Pacers would still win a 7 games series against these two
Jameson Taillon::Jonah Swidan you never know Jonah.. the west is a better and different breed of basketball than the east
Vladimir Tsalyuk::phoenix is gonna win..theyre just the better team
Jonah Swidan::You wish you stupid foreigner
Steve Sepos::Jonah Swidan  so far he sounds pretty smart
Ronan DC::Jonah Swidan  who's stupid now? ha!
Brandon Duenas::GO SUNS!
Mark Petrie::Finally! A nationally televised Suns game! It's been tough trying to catch one of these since... the playoffs three years ago? lol
Corey Pyle::This might be the first time in history that another team can thank the PACERS for that! Lol, we're almost as excited as you are (Pacer fans)
Adam Isbell::Going to be at this game tomorrow, can't wait! Suns really miss Bledsoe right now, but Dragic has been really good in his absence. This should still be a good game as long as Dragic can get some help.
Steve Sepos::so this is the defense Miami is supposed to be afraid of?
George Jimas::it's because they're on the road supposedly
Nate Kenny::If the Pacers play like they did against the Warriors, they should win this game by 15+. Especially since the Suns don't have Beldsoe...
Chris Palacios::you obviously dont know crap about basketball or the suns
Chris Palacios::Go back to following the wnba kid.
Ray Waterman::Chris Palacios, you on drugs? Nate makes a prediction and a good one at that and you comment that he knows nothing about Basketball. Do you even know what you're spewing out?
Chad Wiggins::the pacers will be blasted by OKC
Chad Wiggins::portland..
Chad Wiggins::basically anybody who gets up and down
Kent Hiquet::Warriors don't get up and down?
Barret Mielke::Last year in the Eastern Conference finals George got three free throws to send game one into overtime but...Wade didn't touch him. Watch the replay. Later in the series...Lebron fouled out with four quick and very questionable fouls from Joey Crawford in the second half. To top it off: Birdman was retroactively suspended for a game and a player has never been retroactively suspended in the conference finals or the finals. It was purely an invention to help the Pacers. How do I know this? David Stern stepped in, in unprecedented fashion, and said he should be suspended. I know the Pacers are good but the refs do everything for them. This season I have seen them get a clear path foul when they didn't have the ball, win a game that the Knicks should have won because of three gratis free throws--Schumpert didn't touch George--and a ton of other stuff. If the Pacers shoot a three that is contested, it is always a foul. However, somehow the refs always assume they go "straight up" on defense and they are the perfect example of the "verticality" rule (another recent invention which gained popularity about the same time that they were playing the Heat in the ECF last year). So the tallest player in the league, Hibbert, is allowed to clobber the hell out of people and almost never get called for a foul. THE PACERS ARE OVERRATED!!!
Joe Reith::I remember watching that foul on the three point attempt and almost ended up vomiting, kicked my dog and punched my girl in the face. That was some bull-ish..3peat!
Mitchell Lively::33-7 is not overrated... This is ONE game.
Brandon Banet::Haha, Miami fan complaining about refs.
Justin Porter::Pacers better pray Oden gets hurt. All the games were very close and even if Greg only plays 15 mins a game, it will be huge, he already is looking like the 1st RD pick ahead of Durant in the few mins he has gotten. Blocking dunks.. OFFENSIVE rebounds.. putback dunks.. people scared to drive to the rim with hm in the paint.. oh and heat should have a healthy wade this time and bosh.
Ayn Bland::15 MPG of playoff ball on glass knees?  lulz
Justin Porter::Ayn Bland vs his usual 25 MPG.. sure
Jeremy Schulte::lol did you say hes looking like the 1st round pick ahead of Durant the dude has played a whole 40 mins in 4 years llol
Matt Crampton::http://espn.go.com/nba/story/_/id/10331818/2014-winter-forecast-most-improved-player-year Looks like Lance will earn Most Improved Player..congrats Lance! PG is on there AGAIN!
Dean Helming::close to coming back and then we get granger in there. bad defense leads to 5 points.  and then for some reason we give the ball to scola with his back to the basket.  he has no back to the basket game!   roy has picked up cheap foul after cheap foul.  we could actually be in this game despite phoenix's hot shooting.
Eleanor Riggby::You give a good offensive team wide open shots, you're gunna see this kind of shooting.
