mkwan0::Spurs seem to be on a bit of a decline.  Hope that they can use their bench to get a little lift and keep Duncan and company fresh for the late season push.  This team has less margin for error than the other elite teams, but is also the most seasoned.  Should be interesting.
I Will Win 1978::I started using this online betting system named SportsBettingStar for the last 2 months now.  Ive profited 3K per month each month just by doing what the system tells me to do.
csallstar11::I like the Wolves team and what they are trying to do, very similar to the nuggets. But like i said earlier in the year, KLove is a cancer and the Wolves will always be cursed with severe injuries. Hopefully you can make a run at the 8 seed but i dont see it
oicurak9::slam-punk-on-u always goes against the Spurs.  The 12-game home streak must be killing him. Go Spurs!
doggbrown1::rubio fans are g@y little mexican boys
doggbrown1::wolves are saaaaaad.
HoraceGrants::Bricky Rubio shooting a laughable 18% this season.  18 freaking percent! What a joke!!!
HoraceGrants::0-6 another fine game from Bricky Rubio
No-account drifter::Bricky. Oh, man, that one is going to stick.
doggbrown1::hahah bricky cant shoot
sjohnson2013_02::Alexey Shved?
sjohnson2013_02::Whats up with Ricky Rubio?
slam_dunk_on_u::Pathetic spurts taking advantage of the injured Wolves, with Kevin Love and Brandon Roy and the outcome would have been different...
masongates87::I love having this guy around on the Spurs' board, everytime he gets on here our Spurs win! Keep posting stuff dude, we'll let you know how it feels to be in the playoffs again
SPURZWARZ1.0::Taking advantage of the situation is how you got married. Also the blindfold helped a lot!
RespectThaGame::Dude, do you actually have a team? Cause it sure seems you get your jollies off talking trash about the Spurs all day.
slam_dunk_on_u::Pathetic spurts taking advantage of the injured Wolves, with Kevin Love and Brandon Roy and the outcome would be different...
doggbrown1::your pic hahahaha
ALLforthelulz::yea, what they should've done under the circumstances was not try and give them a free win, out of pity. cause that's how professional sports work
Hondo Kid::Manu out with bad hamstring.  scoring rebs etc goes up and spurs get on a roll.   Count on it.
texican_10::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine
dmdpro::take away rubio flashy behind the back passes you would notice he is average at best
bradwinsall::way below average aside from teh passes. his shooting percentage even when healthy last year was no where near average
doggbrown1::LOL
j_blaze1::I'm sure Rubio's fans will point out the injury... but was he really worthy of being espn"s 47 best player...
doggbrown1::LOL
bradwinsall::rofl
dlhouse18::My Wolves suck
bradwinsall::it just sucks there was so much optimism for once and the season has been a cruel joke. painful to watch.
dakgnosis::Here is a great spurs trade, comments?  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=bxzjzvz
texican_10::I'm down
cooltapes777::<b>Gotta love John Hollinger...based on simulations, Spurs have BEST chance of ANY team to win the NBA championship at 28.8 %</b>
slam_dunk_on_u::The spurts will not win crap...Hollinger had them winning it all last year and we know what happen in the end. LOL
cooltapes777::http://espn.go.com/nba/hollinger/playoffodds
CandySparker::Tim Duncan Lotta Love! ;):);):);):);):);):);):) ;):);):);):);):);) ;):);):);) ;):);) ;):);):);):);)
HotdogSalesman2012::so how can the spurs recapture what was theirs last year...what moves can be made??
No-account drifter::Anything that gets rid of Bonner. He's play-off poison. A better towel-waver in his chair would be an improvement come play-off time.
cooltapes777::G ODEN!
doggbrown1::yes wolves need more injuries and genital pictures
dakgnosis::they need to trade for a big man, like paul milsap
Constantinius III::Oh, NOW people are starting to realize that Rubio is garbage, though I've been saying it for months.  22.2% field goal percentage will never cut it in the NBA, no matter how flashy the rest of his passes are.  I remember getting the same hate when I told people that Brandon Jennings is overrated, and obviously the Bucks are as wishy-washy on him as I was seeing as how they failed to extend his contract…
JGriggers5::All hail your massive NBA brain. Wonder why you aren't an NBA GM since you know everything. If only someone would hire you so you could lead their team to the finals every year and never make a mistake when evaluating players. I wish i were you
bradwinsall::i bet he would do better then khan
JohnMosbyGuy::The Wolves have made plenty of good moves in terms of getting a respectable coach, a good mix of youth and vets, they got much better defensively, and it just doesn't matter. They can't keep anyone healthy. Their season is over and I mean what can you say? Kahn has made the right moves and it just goes to show that this organization is simply cursed.
mksatx::Look for wolves to cover vs mavs. Mavs fall back to earth after beating memphisband looking past angry wolf with nothing to lose.
Cowboys N Spurs Dynasty::Spurs just keeping winning. Lets go Spurs!!
mksatx::Beating wolves is a start.  They have to get back to winning on the road.  They give away off rebounds and have a slim chance come playoff time.  Reality.  I'm a spurs fan since aba first yr.  Wcf exit again looks like
JGriggers5::Try watching a champion blow up it's team and become trash  -Mavs fan
HotdogSalesman2012::it's excruciating to watch a very good team come up short.
bshowers79::So, is Rubio gonna be good again anytime soon?
bradwinsall::injury is still bothering him and hes a terrible shooter, this season is a wash he should shut it down get healthy and learn how to put the ball in the hoop
Tornado Warning Wisconsin::no. has no real talent or skills.
mksatx::Spurs win.  Idiot gave me minn and 19.  Nice game tim.  Glad poopovich got tossed.  Hope he gets fired.
damann88::Wow. Stupidity abounds
ALLforthelulz::yea hes a real terrible coach LMFAO
I hate Jerry Jones::Brilliant assessment........NOT!
bluekaze21::numerous accounts say Pop is actually a very good guy in person. its just his military act that you see on TV.
mksatx::Can't agrue with his coaching record.  But I think he makes a better gm than coach.  Without robinson or duncan he wouldn't have the job
bluekaze21::still bummed out from last year. two wins away from the finals.  Spurs better prepare for OKC as soon as possible. pretty sure they're going to be waiting for pop and co.
spursdcmdva::Damn, not one cat
TWex2120::In 29 min of play Tim finishes with 12 points, 9 boards, 7 blocks, 5 assists, and 3 steals. Pretty awesome i would say.
bshowers79::2 steals away from the year's 2nd 5x5. Would have been fitting against Kirelenko
bluekaze21::7 blocks is nuts. still top-level defense from one of the greats.
spursdcmdva::I guess Captain Jack's slashing days are over. He is just an over paid spot up shooter
jfsue20::the resurgence of tim duncan is quite remarkable. as a heat fan, the spurs present the best challenge to us in the playoffs and last year we were lucky OKC beat them. we match up better against OKC.
spursdcmdva::true
spursdcmdva::And we have no answer for Okc. So, you guys will meet again in the finals
spursdcmdva::timmeh probably did really well in fantasy
JohnnyB-train::yeah Bala,I got him.
bradwinsall::7 blocks? was he guarding jj or something?
spursdcmdva::He usually does well in blocks when playing big men that lack hops
bradwinsall::shved and rubio 0-13 shooting tonight. stuuuuuuuuud backcourt
taa2008::Poor Danny Green...
No-account drifter::At least he got in on the block party.
Tornado Warning Wisconsin::I deserve cancer for being a wolves fan. they'll never turn it around.
JohnnyB-train::You two are making me depressed,go and shoot yourself already.
bradwinsall::there was so much optimism but its over. sad to say but tanking the rest of the year for a high lottery is the best bet. we will inevitably f.u.ck up the lottery pick and take the worst player in the draft but still. playoffs are already way out of reach. id sit rubio down for an extended period as well till he gets himself right. hes useless right now.
bradwinsall::i don't even come on the boards at the start of games anymore. too much delusion. just here to hate after another worse then d league performance. i bet the wolves would loose to most college teams.
bradwinsall::I want my league pass money back
Tornado Warning Wisconsin::wolves are the worst team in the game. no talent.
Lewade Dwyames......::all the cats are gone i see
Tornado Warning Wisconsin::bet you spurts fans are laughing at the wolves. we have no talent and things don't seem to be getting better anytime soon.
No-account drifter::Sorry, kitties, but you saw it coming. Hope your team gets healthy.
bradwinsall::the crumble of the season has begun. last place western conference here we come.
AustinBeal::Thanks for coming to the Block party, have a safe trip home to Minnesota.  - Tim Duncan
Tornado Warning Wisconsin::wolves have no talent.
Pusha Tonn::im out gg spurs fans!!
676Rob::take it easy
Zainal3206::OMGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG.WHY.DIDN'T.THE.OVER.199.HIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Zainal3206::NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
bluekaze21::Kevin Love is a beast for sure, but he should emulate timmy and how he conducts himself and goes to work. maybe soon those monster stats of his will finally translate to playoff success for the wolves.
Pusha Tonn::@twincitiesisback: I asked, and people said they dont see him partying that much as you said. it may be true though....
twincitiesisback::Why would I lie dude?  I have friends who go out all the time.   He is really good friends with the Aqua nightclub owner. He is there all the time. Anyone who goes there can confirm this.
Pusha Tonn::I'm not doubting you, I was just asking
676Rob::win or lose just remember the lakers are 15-21 with a 100 million dollar payroll
Fan of Underdogs 2012::the lakers are an abomination.
bprint101::why didnt the starters play in the 4th? It was 78-71 after 3 qtrs
