Jay Dee::If the Kings want to win they need to put JIMMER IN!
John Larson::Kings are back to their losing ways and the same guy everyone wants to see play is still on the bench.  If Jimmer Fredette were playing 25-30 per game and they were losing then I'd completely understand the Jimmer haters on here.  I personally can't wait to see him flourish on another team.  FREE JIMMER!!!!
Matt Moffett::Thank you Kings for not picking up Jimmer's contract next year. He is the luckiest player in the NBA right now. Anywhere is better than Sacramento.
Reeves Cox::That was really sad watching my HAWKS come all the way back only to fall short. And although the BOSS said the bench did well in the fourth, the bench for the most pat stinks. They just can't score and Mike Scott who was the only one scoring can't defend. It's a sad truth. I know it's a long season, but Teague, Korver, and Horford have to play more minutes if we're going to win games. GO HAWKS! Beat the Kings!
Jeff Nusser::Kings need a spark. Jimmer? Nah, they'd rather lose than play the kid.
Danny Furr::Prediction #1: Kings don't play Jimmer  Prediction #2: Kings lose
Alec Keith::I completely agree with you Danny Furr , Mike Malone hates Jimmer, if Jimmer doesn't play, it is an automatic win for the other team.
Scott Morris::Can't wait to see Jimmer excel on his new NBA team.
Andrew Lipham::i knew this was gonna happen
Andrew Lipham::RISE UP HAWK NATION!!!
Georgia Boy Tee::Nice to see the Mercer Bears off to a good start in the return season
Grant Briscoe::Jimmer is not the answer for the Kings. BUT, the Kings can not be hurt by giving him a shot! Let him play, and then his trade value will rise.
Bryan Montella::I hate it when delusional Jimmer fans think he is better then Isiah Thomas.  Thomas is a stud in the making.  However, I would say it's a toss up between Jimmer and Vasquez.
Scott Smith::I don't really hear about jimmer vs IT arguments anymore but more Jimmer vs Thornton arguments since they are competing for sg. However I would live to see jimmer get some burn at pg which I doubt Malone will ever try since he gives jimmer zero playing time anyways.
Bryten Hayes::Thomas is crazy good. jammer is not even on his level
John Larson::Kings aren't winning either way, IT is playing great but his assist to turnover ration has to be better if the Kings want to win.
Bryten Hayes::I.T. is just too good. if he stayed at uw one more year though. i.t., tony wroten, Terrence ross, cj Wilcox. that team would be fire.
Pauln'Keila Newell::This is why IT2 needs to be starting. Love his game. He has them on the verge of a major comeback V.
Andrew Lipham::this game is not over.  kings always ball out in the 4th quarter at home even when down 20.
Kyle Thumm::I remember why I hate having cousins in fantasy.... Oh the inconsistency
Everett Lively::how many more draft picks does the kings need to be legitimate?
Steave Hoover::Jimmer deserves better than this. He's has the necessary talent to be playing more than 0 minutes. You chronically losing clowns are paying him nice money to do nothing. Trade him and at least save money. I think management realizes if they do, Jimmer will succeed and make them look bad. Sacramento has a history of looking bad. And his D is no worse than those other so called guards they have either!
Kaitlin Castleberry::You Jimmer fans are clueless.  It is a proven fact that he cannot play in the NBA.  Just look at the video highlights from the game with the Suns last month.  He is pathetic!  ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KrUQ083pww  ... Why would anyone want to see such a loser take minutes from such an excellent organization and brilliant coach?
Tim Boyer::Oh yes, the Kings are such an excellent organization...said nobody ever.
Kaitlin Castleberry::Robert Griffin III Did you see the video?  Look at it, then say stupid stuff.  Not before.
Travis Jewell::Why is Vasquez still starting?  It's like Churchill: We can always count on the Kings to do the right thing and start IT, after they have exhausted all the other possibilities.
Josh AndNatalie Burhenn::Hey annoying jimmer fans, 3 nba coaches have come and none have played jimmer. Maybe there is a reason. Maybe they know something you don't. Stop whining please.
John Larson::and all three coaches were, hang one....losers!!!  Imagine that?  I can't wait to see him in another uniform and come light it up against the Kings.  I'm gonna be a laughing and laughing and laughing....  This has NOTHING to do with racism and those who say it does are completely wrong.  I'm also not saying IT shouldn't be playing in front of him but anyone who has watched Jimmer play can see he spreads the floor and that translates into a more fluent offense.  RG3 should know that, right?
John Larson::Robert Griffin III This obviously isn't the real RG3.  Nice try!
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Nice comeback for my kings, 18 pts in 4 mins from 6-2 mins game time. 91-77 to 96-95 < kings. Thomas has been huge in clutch moments lately.
Ken Allen::Nice comeback, but still a loss to a mediocre team at home.  That is nothing to be proud of.  A loss is a loss, no consolation prize.
Jim Foster::Are the Hawks going to sit John Jenkins all yr, trade him,he is player if given a chancs
Reeves Cox::A pretty crummy, or average at best player...
Brian Weber::kings will be 25-55 at best  .3125     right now at 1-3  .250    fans will be leaving in droves
Brian Weber::Jason thompson 2 pts again......he is useless dump him
Andrew Wong::demarcus cousins is the definition of wasted talent
