JAYSMOOTH213::Lakers we in there wtg
CP3forMVP42::Finally the Clippers Rule LA!!!
geolal1212::Enjoy it'll never happen again.
Defy Shady::3 way trade Lakers get Josh Smith, AK47 Hawks get Derrick Williams , Pekovic, Antawn Minn gets Gasol
sports guy12::dreamin'
Rambomonster9::Kobe you butthole
nba is the worst::too legit too quits I love how everyone is writing off the Lakers. It will be that much sweeter when they hoist another Lombardi trophy and all the haters eat crow. 2 fans like this. 6 Minutes Ago ·  (LMAO)!!!
Asif11111::LOL totally deserving of a re-post. Hahahaa
ScrewedUpTexan713::If the Lakers fire there coach again that would be some lmao type s.hit !
nba is the worst::Can 'Antoni figure out how to adjust to the Lakers roster?  Can't win if your team is out of energy in the 4th Q every game
23_sportsplex::out of energy cause kobe sucks it out of everyone.
KING1014::If the Lakers thought last nights game was bad wait till tonight,  Spurs win by 15+
nba is the worst::Lin 6 reb, Sacre 3.  Sad
DodgersLakersUberAlles::What do you want, he's a D-league rookie.   More concerning is that Houston was driving to the paint whenever they wanted.
nba is the worst::he's big, should get more than that without even jumping
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::no Howard or gasol, bound to happen
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::Rik Smits &gt; D Howard
DodgersLakersUberAlles::You really up this early to troll last nights game board??  lol
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::gahhh i know the feeling.
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Still morning. Just got to the office and not ready to work yet. :(
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::afternoon in my parts. you?
nba is the worst::Almost 11AM in chitown
tiesto281::Shawn Bradley &gt; D Howard
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::Noah &gt; Howard in heart and dedication to game
CBass1317::but not in production, wins, trips to the finals, DPOY awards, basically any other measures.
tiesto281::Manute Bol &gt; D Howard
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Brutal start to Lakers road trip.  Nice game Rockets. Harden was Beast.
Esco ca-ca heads::the  homestand  wasnt  much  of  a joy,  either.
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::lol frank
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::nvm
DodgersLakersUberAlles::huh?
Thomas31::"It's cool guys.  You guys just need to get me more involved.  I just need more shots"  -Kobe
nba is the worst::<b>Bricks per game as of today: 1. Kobe 11.50 .477 FG% (new season high) 2. 'Melo 11.36 .466 3. Monta 10.90, .396 4. Westbrick 10.79, .412 5. Love 10.72, .352 6. Felton 9.93, .396 7. Gay 9.84, .408 8. Jennings 9.79, .405 9. Harden 9.53, .453 10. Aldridge 9.47, .468</b>
CBass1317::Those stats are irrelevant without trips to the FT line and 3 point attempts considered.  You should use true shooting percentage, otherwise the numbers are meaningless.
NguyenDragon::I would still take Love...
DodgersLakersUberAlles::You shouldn't post the % if you are trying to slam kobe.
nba is the worst::The fact is he's leading the list in FG%, despite being ill-suited to run and gun bball
highly debatable with extra sauce::because a missed shot is considered a brick, right
nba is the worst::For the purposes of this list, yes.  Draw your own conclusions based on FG% as to who is carrying their team
HOCKEYTEAM1954::Kobe's arms must get tired.....22 shots.  And made a whole 8 of them. Wow!
highly debatable with extra sauce::MVP
Marcus SASBMJ Jordan::I'm out... whatever the hell you're doing today hopefully it's a positive contribution to humanity....do it with passion and commitment. make the most of every minute and tell the ones you love..."one love" before you head out that damn door. I Love this board and love the trashtalk and differing viewpoints lol at the end of the day we can all "agree to disagree" but one thing we can all find common ground on is we all "love this game"   peace
highly debatable with extra sauce::i offered a walker a ride to the bus stop to where they were heading...he didn't get in my car tho...it was 19 degrees out
Marcus SASBMJ Jordan::lol i hope you told them to "stay cool" either way you did your good deed
Dawan208::Jeremy Lin needs to shoot more!    Got to get that ppg stat up!!!!!!
rEdBuLxTaSy::LIN'S CAPABLE OF DOING 20 PPG 8 AST ON AVERAGE.  :):):)
NguyenDragon::I rather see APG go up...
5ammy5ammy5ammy::I think we can all agree that the Lakers are hot garbage.
Looks good on u tho::Lakers stink worse than garbage.
spelhan::http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/freemike/
spelhan::http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/freemike/
Marcus SASBMJ Jordan::Why are people so surprised the lakers have a sub 500 record? did they not go winless in the preseason? was D12 100% healthy coming in?  Steve Nash is "NBA OLD" is that a fact or a myth? besides he was also injured. That my friends was a recipe for disaster. From a historical standpoint the "Unsinkable" Titanic ship did sink.....so too are the lakers and we all have a front row seat.
nba is the worst::And biggest blunder of all was hiring 'Antoni and stating his system was a better fit for the next to last team in fast break points than Phil Jackson
Marcus SASBMJ Jordan::100% agree with you
dblu2::Metta World Peace just changed his name to Metta Crazy Broad
NguyenDragon::I actually like the guy when he was with the Rockets...
PFMGOAT86::Metta class clown
PFMGOAT86::Anyone who thinks the Lakers will at some point flip the switch is delusional. This is a below average team that will struggle all year long
dblu2::Stick a fork in the Lakers.
metalheadk93::REREMY RIN  YOU RACK DISIPRINE
Jclegg22::ESPN gave Kobe the DUNK OF THE NIGHT?!?!? It was a wide open, uncontested easy dunk. I guess they missed Harden dunk all over Sacre during the same game. Lakers are so overrated its hilarious, they lose by 13 and they get the extra highlights of the night. HAHAHAHAHA I love that you get more exposure for sucking $@%!!!
Markisha0881::What makes him a cornball? He balling and you not.
metalheadk93::Blake Griffin should always get dunk of the night hands down  Harden is a cornball brotha
Dawan208::I don't think so his girlfriends are beautiful "black" women!!!  You could only dream of getting!     Fact
Miami-Star1::Dwight is recording, His Debut Album!
LebronMoreCompleteThanJordan::mike brown would have 23 wins right now i bet. Dantoni is the worst coach i've ever seen. Why is gasol shooting threes?!?!?!?!
asian-balla::cause the paint belongs to superman....
Marcus SASBMJ Jordan::maybe it shouldn't have belonged to him. except for his last game of matching his career high rebounds. D12 has been playing like his headband is laced with kryptonite
RGKnee RGKnee RGKnee RGKnee::It's amazing how Kobe tells Laker fans "you're stupid, I'm a winner, SHUT UP!" when they started of slow at the beginning of the season.  Laker fans will support that rapist loser til the end...
-L.A Lakers Dodgers-::RGKnee RGKnee RGKnee RGKnee - It's amazing how Kobe tells Laker fans "you're stupid, I'm a winner, SHUT UP!" when they started of slow at the beginning of the season.  Laker fans will support that rapist loser til the end... Maybe u should read that way u doubt sound stupid:A book about the Kobe Bryant (search) rape case — the first so far — will likely create a firestorm of controversy when it's handed out the day of the next Bryant hearing on Monday. "Kobe Bryant: The Game of His Life" contains interviews with the woman who accuses the NBA star of raping her and provides details of a tape-recorded conversation between Bryant and sheriff's deputies, Fox News has learned. There are no photographs of the 19-year-old accuser in the book, and her name isn't revealed. But former tabloid reporter Jeffrey Scott Shapiro (search) offers several new details in his book, including whose DNA was found in the woman's clothing after the alleged sexual assault. Shapiro planned to hand out copies of his 160-page book in Eagle, Colo., the same day as a motions hearing in the case that's set for Monday. He said he wouldn't be on courthouse property when he distributed the copies. Bryant's accuser spoke with Shapiro for the book, though it's unclear whether she knew she was being interviewed at the time. Shapiro said that everyone he interviewed for the book was told he was a reporter. The prosecution is concerned that the book will reveal highly sensitive information before the trial — information the defense could use in its fight to view the accuser's medical records to prove she waived her right to privilege. Shapiro told Fox the book discloses the following: — Whose DNA was detected in the woman's underwear the day she had her rape exam. Court testimony has revealed it was from someone other than Bryant. — The story behind the implication by Bryant attorney Pamela Mackey that the accuser had had sex with three men in three days..........U LOSER...... The only problem with this is that he cheated on beautiful wife.LAME LOSER.......
jhence31::He also said that Dantoni would  not implement the same system from phoenix because the lakers have different personnel, however that is exactly what Dantoni is doing. Gasol is young Marion and Howard is young Stoudemire. The lakers should be running the triangle or pick and roll offense not a fastbreak offense that incorporates no defense.
txrangers52::Wouldn't be interesting if there were parallel Earth spinning around the sun not able to see each other.  I put forth that scenario because somehow it seems like I am on the other Earth because the LA Lakers suck and the LA Clippers are super.  Weird.
GI Joe With The Kung_Fu Grip::Quantum physics said this was bound to happen sooner or later
Markisha0881::Yeah, it's a black president.
GI Joe With The Kung_Fu Grip::Can you blame us Lakers' fans for living in the past?  It's all we got.  You kids are too young, but I still remember the last title run like it was 2009.  It was a much simpler time back then.  Paterno was still a saint, Summit could still remember her phone number and Whitney Houston was still a crack h-.  You couldn't even get HD video standard on your smart phone back then....you kids just wouldn't understand.  It was a different time.  A different era.  <i>misty water-colored memories of the way we were....</i>
Markisha0881::Wow, you used a nice amount of sarcasm to get your point across, lol, well said.
Marcus SASBMJ Jordan::we all heard the talks about the expectations coming into this season because Lakers now have their "big three" . I wasn't one of those people, shi* i had zero expectations because I knew this was a fail from the start. D12 coming off back surgury?? Steve Nash got injured and is old??Kobe being Kobe(selfish &amp; ball hog) I knew this experiment was just that a fn experiment. The Lab results are in and the results should not be surprising to anyone
mr.knowitall24::you're an idiot kobe is not a ball hog. he has lead the team in assist until nash got here
Marcus SASBMJ Jordan::next time place a comma after idiot because it comes across like you're referencing Kobe as an idiot. oh wait....you were...my bad
Marcus SASBMJ Jordan::turnovers anyone? he had plenty to go with those assist. until Nash came back he lead the league in that department...mainly to blame on ball hogging putting up contested shots
Looks good on u tho::Anyone who dominiates the ball for 18of the 24 seconds of the shot clock should be able to get 5 assists by default.  Factor in the 3 TO, though and you get a whopping net 2 assists.....
Markisha0881::So you knew they were going to be 15-19........okay.
Marcus SASBMJ Jordan::yes dear, sadly I said it on these boards when they went winless in the preseason
RGKnee RGKnee RGKnee RGKnee::Lakers deserve everything bad that ever happens to them! Rapists DO NOT deserve praise or relevancy in life!!!
ROX_GO_HARD_WITH_HARDLIN::ESPN loves kobe the Rapist too..maybe they can make HArden their new media darling?!!!
Marcus SASBMJ Jordan::My main dude Kobe rejected Magic's assumption that he's not leader. kobe said "i've been around for a minute so i think i know what needs to be done"   Sorry Kobe but you look a little confused just like the rest of us. At this point a Rubiks Cube seems a lot more enticing to figure out than these lakers
ROX_GO_HARD_WITH_HARDLIN::kobe has no personality..rapists generally don't have a congenial personality..they arent friendly..how sad a millionaire player with such prolific fortune to get to the NBA and perform at this level cannot have a personality greater then a small barn animal
Marcus SASBMJ Jordan::she never came out and said she lied. NICE TRY though or should i say EPIC FAIL
mr.knowitall24::since he clearly raped someone thats why hes in jail right not because charges were dropped and the woman came out and said she lied. only thing he did wrong was cheated on his wife, but in this world who does that really surprise.
5ammy5ammy5ammy::Hahaha... there's an article on ESPN LA this morning, speculating that the Lakers could be a six-seed.   It's hilarious that so many people in the press desperately want the Lakers to be good even though they're not. Toronto's in 11th place in the Eastern Conference, but nobody's talking about how they might be a six-seed.   People need to face facts; the Lakers simply aren't contenders. At this point, they're not even a playoff team.
Markisha0881::Toronto don't have four allstars on it's team, it's not surprising that they are in the 11th place, huge difference
GI Joe With The Kung_Fu Grip::C'est la guerre
AustinBrando::As a Rockets diehard it's beautiful to see our boys at 21-14 and it pisses me off to see a story like this focus about the suckitude of the Fakers while we're on another win streak.  The story should have been "Stumbling Lakers most recent victim in Red-hot Rockets' rising".  That being said, there's never anything more beautiful than watching Kobe suffer mediocrity.  He's a never been (outside of scoring), he's just not great, he's a 2, and a selfish 2 at that; always has been, always will be.  The most amazing thing of all about last night is that the Fakers got soundly beat and it wasn't in a game where the rapist scored over 30!
KeriTheCreoleTexan::Right on!
highly debatable with extra sauce::you sir...get two golf claps...
ROX_GO_HARD_WITH_HARDLIN::I like your style (of writing)..
Markisha0881::Great writer, you should write an article.
ROX_GO_HARD_WITH_HARDLIN::The loss marks the fourth straight for the Lakers and ties a season-high in that regard. They fell to 15-19 on the year and will have to face the San Antonio Spurs in the second leg of the "Texas two-step" road trip. Houston improved to 21-14.
Lakers fan since 1980::We get it, you don't like the Lakers. Go surf the web
RGKnee RGKnee RGKnee RGKnee::Spurs &amp; Thunder about to SH!!!T on the Lakers....
Markisha0881::Laker fan only defense.................”the past” that's what you do when life presently suck.
GI Joe With The Kung_Fu Grip::LOL -- if "the past" didn't matter, you wouldn't be reveling in the Lakers' misery.  There's a reason nobody celebrates the Cavs or the Hawks missing the playoffs.
GI Joe With The Kung_Fu Grip::Considering how the Lakers have sh!!t on them for the past few years, I suppose it's about time for them to have a shot.
RGKnee RGKnee RGKnee RGKnee::2012 western conf semi's was evident enough...
highly debatable with extra sauce::they might as well play their bench in the second half
highly debatable with extra sauce::kobe needs to shoot more
miami360x::Espn had Dwight Howard ranked as the second best player in the league right before the season started.
DuaneXC::I really hope Houston stays away if he becomes a FA.  Go after Josh Smith, not this washed up player
ThatsGoodSoup7963::DERP.
ROX_GO_HARD_WITH_HARDLIN::LA Lakers 15 19 LOSSES i say!! i do declare!! i promulgate!!
rfdlbd::Lakers have to be the worst defensive team i have ever seen.They dont even try to play D
rfdlbd::All their games are like NBA All Star Games
ROX_GO_HARD_WITH_HARDLIN::rockets dont play D either and they win!
ROX_GO_HARD_WITH_HARDLIN::LA Lakers 	15	19 LOSSES
ROX_GO_HARD_WITH_HARDLIN::LA Lakers 15 19 LOSSES i say!!  i do declare!! i promulgate!!
ed2700::Cold hard facts: Lakers...done Celtics..done Knicks...Melo in process of destroying team
mkwan0::And amazingly,  Spurs: Still relevant
miami360x::Thanks Lakers for making me feel a little better after the Heat lost.
highly debatable with extra sauce::kobe matched up against durant...haha...
highly debatable with extra sauce::oh god...ha
ROX_GO_HARD_WITH_HARDLIN::kobe cant hold jeremy lins jock!
gregerrett01::I bet he can.  Its probably really small.
ROX_GO_HARD_WITH_HARDLIN::youre just emo..Dantoni is a genius..lakers just ego driven which is not parallel to production-driven..im sorry but this is simple logic
ROX_GO_HARD_WITH_HARDLIN::youre just emo..Dantoni is a genius..lakers just ego driven which is not parallel to production-driven..im sorry but this is simple logic
