Not Ron Rivera::f-q u stank dirty dead fish head smelling useless bi--h.
swooshfiend::Sorry Mark Cuban, the Lakers don't  "suck" as much as you want them to, but your Mavs...
KYRIEALLTHEWAY::DANG LA BLEW THEM OUT.  BELIEVE
BigBadLakers420::Kobe has done a good job of been unselfish generally this season but he still shows flashes of not trusting his teamates a game like Memphis. He has to sacrifice his scoring a lil to get his teamates involved all the time because when Kobe passed u the ball that gives confidence to the player because Kobe is the one passing them the ball. Also cut down on the turnovers that's killing us! When Nash gets back I hope that helps on the cut down of the turnovers.
DodgersLakersBruins81::Losing out on Dwight and Nash (because of the Odom exception)  has made Cuban bitter enough. That was payback for the playoff sweep but after this latest response to our opening night loss Cuban wants to clarify things and say its the LA fans he has a problem with, not the organization. All of a sudden he pays attention to random Twitter comments "threatening" him.
14willyboy::Dallas sucks Mark Cuban is pathetic who else saw him crying at the game Lol Lakers smoked those bums by 30 on their home court
L.Walton 2 Lebron 1::D. Morris &gt; S. Blake
wso2hi::could be the perfect storm.  with Nash and Blake out, Morris is getting invaluable playing time and Meeks is heating up.  Jameson has really been impressive and MWP is playing lights out.  Howard looks content to rebound, block shots and is deceptively quick making steals.   that leave Gasol to find his role and he shows flashes of doing just that.   Kobe actually looks two years younger and is really showing his IQ inheriting a lot of the point guard duties, while he holds down his pure shooter production.   incredible.  but when this team plays slow they look terrible.  even in the half court, it looks like " the Lakers go as Gasol goes".   good problem to have.   Hill is a machine, so the depth is there.   then there's Nash arriving via snail mail!
PJHEAT88::Finally...Kobe is passing and the Lakers WIN
elibird54321::He's been passing. It's more like he finally got some help and they made some shots.
KevinDurantFan.35::Antwan and Meeks finally stepping up!
Arjay411::The Lakers are coming together nicely!
bob0000010::Can't wait till the Lakers fire Antoni yet and replace him with Phil.
AKrustyTeBag::phil wont come after they passed om him
fastfootedone::lake show getting revved up ---- 6 of 9 without their point guard -- it's gonna be a fun season!  :)
scabbfan::Lakers have won 1 of 5 road games, ouch. (and that against a Dirkless Mavs)  Laker big men are yet again saying they are not getting enough touches.  kobe 'this is still my team' bryant needs to step up and accept responsibility and start playing more team ball &amp; less padding his scoring stats.
BigBadLakers420::No I agree the Memphis game Kobe was not getting his teamates involved. Other than that for the most part he has.
New Jet Fan 44::Best team ball Kobe has ever played...He looks 25 out there...when the pt guards get back his TO will go way down...these next 3 yrs could vault him to seriously be in the discussion as the GOAT.
elibird54321::No it's not. You need to look up his stats, since you obviously haven't been watching him play over the years. He's had many years of averaging around this many assists and more. He has also had higher rebound averages.   http://www.basketball-reference.com/players/b/bryanko01.html
DodgersLakersBruins81::lol, Kobe has been the PG and very efficient in all but one game. You can't just say 'Kobe' and 'selfish' these days, watching a game might open your eyes.
zackdotcomm::Kobe took 11 shots..
alec613::Have you even watched at least 1  Laker game this season?
Yes I Know I Am Right But Thanks For Liking::James is badly outplaying Wright and Kaman.  Let him play, Mavs!
alec613::Winners of D'Antoni signing Nash Jamison (best bench player under D'Antoni. He's finally playing the 4) Meeks (He's finally doing what he's supposed to do)  Losers of D'Antoni signing Gasol (he's no stretch 4) Hill ( he was the best bench player under Brown, now he's in the doghouse)
New Jet Fan 44::Agreed... but that's what D'antoni does ...make mediocre players better, and I think Hill and Gasol will thrive once Nash gets back.
Trufant232008::L.Walton &gt; Dirk
EAGLENATION98::nowitzki&gt;lebron
47riley47::Shooting wise though, can't argue with that
Trufant232008::No
ATLANTA BRAVES TOMAHAWK CHOP::Damn the Lakers bench has finally arrived.
nba is the worst::1 game - seems like a fluke
alec613::2
Eric212346::The Lakers beat down on my favorite team but unlike most people I will not be a Laker hater once they get Nash back I think they will be a elite team.I think my Mavs are a good team no matter what the haters think.
rex_coach::You are alone in that regard.   As a Lake-Show fan, I love the HATE... It has actually caused me to become a KB24 fan.  I thank the clowns for that...
Eric212346::All i'm saying is the Lakers are a really good team if healthy.And I kind of the feel the same way about my Mavs the haters make me  love my team that much more?
steranwag::call me crazy but based how the game against the GRIZZ went, Kobe scoring 30 on 23 shots wasnt that bad
Trufant232008::The last 6 minutes of the game Kobe said "F*ck it, Ima chuck it"
rex_coach::Many of those shots were bad decisions due to the Lakers being down Big
nylee64::Victory parade in downtown Staples Center tomorrow morning for the road victory in Dallas
Steveforprez04::Clippers winning the Championship
Mr. Bradford::They aren't the Clippers. They actually know what it's like to win. Sadly, they will be fine. Nice failed attempt though.   Your three NBA teams, the Knicks, Thunder and Bulls, are doing alright.
nylee64::Give that man D'Antoni a raise for the road win last night.  Well done Well done.
fairandbalanced00::If I were a laker fan I would keep my mouth shut, especially when your team is struggling to stay over .500 with the amount of allstar players in your roster.
jakpovon::As a Lakers Fan i agree..
rex_coach::Clearly you don't understand the game of basketball.  However, you aren't alone.  This is why you felt so comfortable to make such a STOOOPID comment...
steranwag::think MIAMI, it takes a little time
UNCTarHeelz725.::Finally the Lakers win on the road.
Mr. Bradford::That first half from my Mavs was PITIFUL. We contained them in the second half, but by them it was too little too late. We just couldn't catch up.
steranwag::Lakers were up 30, they didnt contain the lakers, the lakers let up somewhat
nba is the worst::And back home for 3 more games before another 3-gm road trip.  Sure can't blame the schedule so far
hatenorv::no they weren't, they were 9-8
nba is the worst::Heat were 10-4 after 14 games that year, and 2-2 on the road
Mr. Bradford::I figured it would take them a while to gel. Look at the Heat when the "big three" first got put together.
Mr. Bradford::Howard still sucks at the line, but the Lakers defense made Collison, Mayo and Kaman pretty useless (between the three, 8-37 in 2 point land and 0-7 beyond the arch). My Mavies were definitively out rebounded by 20 and out rebounded in total by  flipping 22. Our free throw percentage as a team was worse than Howards alone (which is very sad). We couldn't even get "free give me" baskets.  We were out played (forget total turnovers) and out hustled. We deserved to get a kick in the butt and we did.
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::Props to Laker fans who didn't jump off the wagon and still believing they can win..Lakers was on fire yesterday something had to give lol
rex_coach::tru :D
blacbird3::The Paper Clips have ran out... Maybe I can find some at Office Depot lol.. Lakers for life
nba is the worst::So where's all the Clippers' fans this morning?
rex_coach::hahaha They are frauds bro.  Kind of like 99% of the clowns on these boards.  FACT
RNYC::D'antoni sucks. Laker fans will find out soon enough
rex_coach::You can't rationalize with an idiotic hater or naysayer.  FACT
FishingWithFredo::If Kobe is a "ballhog", what term applies to Carmelo Anthony, Monta Ellis, Russell Westbrook, LeBron James, LaMarcus Aldridge and Rudy Gay, all of whom shoot more FGA per game than Kobe?  *a defeaning hush falls over the room as the anti-Kobe inbreds are embarrassed into silence*  Yeah, that's what I thought.
Dean Bosse::If all of Kobe's passes would go into the hoop, he would have almost 15 assists every night. When he makes a perfect dish to Gasol or Howard and they miss or get fouled I want to pull my hair out!
rhdyt::Kobe is a shooting guard.  How many of them average more than 5 assists per game?  Lebron is a better passer - yes - but Kobe ranks quite high in assists among non-pont guards.
Lebron the greatest ever::In order to EARN an assists your teammates have to actually make the shot.
eightbitme::The above comment has been verified, signed, and sealed as a fact.  :-)
Heatle Beatle::Oh, so that's why Kobe has so many assists
FishingWithFredo::He's got more assists than the broken down 30 going on 80 Gimpy McBubblelips in Miami.
ThaLakeShow55::1. Kobe is a top 5 assist leader for SGs in PGA (per game average) and career.  2. Not every pass leads to a assist.
H.I.M. His Imperial Majesty::Showtime 2.0....and Nash isn't even back yet!
nba is the worst::Antawn gets 15 rebs in 30 minutes, equal to the entire Mavs' frontcourt (Brand, Kaman, Wright, James, Murphy) in 119 minutes.  He scored 19, they scored 17.   Who needs Dwight?  ;)
D antoni rides black mamba::When the lakers play against any scoring pg or any team with an offense they will loss. MAVs had no fire power
rex_coach::Clearly you are far too smart to be among us.    Clearly!!!
rex_coach::36 points before Kobe "bean" attempted a shot...
D antoni rides black mamba::Ball hog was tired lakers win easily
rex_coach::Exactly...   I want your life
D antoni rides black mamba::Another fluke win.  We all know mwp kobrick will be shooting bricks in no time
nba is the worst::So in the 14th game, the Lakers had a three party.  Antawn emerges from hibernation.  Hill in the doghouse.  I was wrong, clearly 7-7 is better than 6-8
Syrindge::D'Antoni on Artest "The force that we had rolling, and the way the ball moves, he'll get it and he should get 10 3s a night."  Other than D'Antoni I doubt there is a person on the planet that thinks it's a good Idea for Artest to be taking 10 3's a game, lol!
incendy35::I have no issues with Artest shooting open 3's. He practices them a lot, he just needs to get enough shots to have a rhythm.
rodneymc2::Well if World Peace is getting uncontested shots he can knock down 40%. I'll take that.
Lebron the greatest ever::And he will continue to get wide open looks.
rex_coach::lmao
FishingWithFredo::29,860 down, 8528 to go...congratulations to the King Of Basketball Excellence.
Spursdc::Damn, Dallas got spanked!
oneandonlybabe::Yup that was some payback for sure.
dharma beach bum::Mark this date down in history. Extra! Extra! Kobe Bryant passed the ball. The noted gunner decided to let his teammates play for once. No 7-23 outing for Kobe last night. Eleven shots? Wha..What happened. Did his arms finally wear out?
rex_coach::I know enough about him through a couple of his piers to appreciate him.  They've known him almost 20 years &amp; have played along side him and against him.
oneandonlybabe::Yea people need to get off Kobe's back for his play for he has been good so far. His behaviour otherwise, still leaves a lot to be desired though.
oneandonlybabe::Yes, I didn't say he has to care. I said we can still call him out for the other stuff, not his game.
rex_coach::He doesn't care what (we) the fans think of him.  Not a lot people appreciate that...  Those kind of people aren't well like until they are gone...  It is what it is....
rex_coach::He had ONE bad shooting night this season and you clowns go crazy.  I'll bet you couldn't WAIT for that bad shooting night, could you?  lol  Jealousy doesn't look good on you....
Mac271::Kobe could've been such a sick PG
Spursdc::6 turnovers 5assist
Mac271::yeah, because he's actually a shooting guard genius. check out his triple double last week and then say something
dharma beach bum::Are you joking?
Mac271::he has all the ingredients to have been one of the greatest PGs. just chose a different path.
rex_coach::Too many turnovers for my liking...  I'll take the win though..
mrcubx::wait till nash and blake come back...its going to get ugly for the other teams...gooo lakes and dantoni!!!
palsy360::Nash is finished he's 40 n everybody thinks he still 30. He's injured n old take longer to heal. Ineffective signing
._.birdman::He's 38 well lets just say 39
ALLforthelulz::lol you're a $@%!$@% idiot
darkangel007bond::Lakers back to .500! Yeah good job, good effort Lakers!
lakers2013champsssz::1 lakers 2 grizzlies 3 thunder 4 knicks 5 clippers
CertifiedKush::What's your point stupid $@%!$!! Fuc'k your team..
oneandonlybabe::Seriously?? LOL After one win? the first on the road? smh
CertifiedKush::What's your point stupid whor'e!! Fuc'k your team..
MIAMIHEAT_NYGIANTS_SFGIANTS_LAKINGS::MORE LIKE  1 HEAT  2 GRIZZLIES 3 THUNDER 4 KNICKS 5 CLIPPERS 20 LAKERS
Number One Lakers Fan::Lol bandwagon idiot fan
diohaid64::lakers are better than the clippers.
MIAMIHEAT_NYGIANTS_SFGIANTS_LAKINGS::NO WAY
MIAMIHEAT_NYGIANTS_SFGIANTS_LAKINGS::LAKERS ARE GAY
CertifiedKush::Get the fuc'k outta here bandwagon faggo't!! Picking teams that only win,who's it gonna be next year Bitc'h!!
lakers2013champsssz::as in happy
MIAMIHEAT_NYGIANTS_SFGIANTS_LAKINGS::AS IN LIKE D.ICK
The Laker Hater Rises::I'm going to bed too.  Good night Lakers fans.  You won't win the Championships this year.
ALLforthelulz::Hear that laker fans? you're not going to win multiple championships in the year 2012. just in case you didn't know
lakers2013champsssz::^^^^^^^^^^^^^
