35zachOKC::did ibaka justy hit a three?
xx3825::Thunder need to move Russell Westbrook to the 2. He's not a PG. Either start Eric Maynor or trade for a PG.
ChimeraLycan::Harden who? i told people Martin was an equal or greater replacement.
Gods illa::Martin Maybe better for OKC offense ..  But def not a better player
erikthe10man::You're a drunken fool if you think Martin would be BETTER than Harden. A few games from now, he'll be the league's best shooting defensive turnstile. Followed by sitting on the bench with a teeny injury.
C2Poke88::You mean Wesbrook had more shots than KD and they still won?    Where are the Westbrook haters this morning?
ChimeraLycan::present
AverageLakersFan::present
ThunderNut22::Duh, the Lakers have no answer for Russell. I can't wait to see Nash try and guard him, I would hate him too if I was you.
grungewasfun::HOW OBAMA GOT TOBE PREZ AGAIN......    thank you to all idiots out there for voting me......  - OBAMA  hispanics, blacks, free ebt handouts, THE VIEW, UNINFORMED college students ( these students by the time they start working... they will be so much in debt cos of obama ..congrATS COLLEGE STUDENTS YOUR FAITHFUL BLINDNESS DOOM YOUR CAREEER........more
NguyenDragon::That Toronto's pick OKC got from the Rockets sure looks good...
Gods illa::Yesssir
jDNYK13::hahaa landy fields in toronto, so happy raptors got screwed
PlayaMade5::Dammit KD, I didn't draft you first overall for this crap.
TheMassiveDolphinWake::Landry Fields is absolutely the worst!
nba is the worst::Man, bad night for the Raptors losing Lowry
Dondi716::Are the raptor's still happy they signed Mr.Feild's 6.25 million per and a whopping 1.1 points per?
yomomma519::no raptors fan wanted that..
Rdiu::Fields + DeRozan = best signing of the season
jDNYK13::derozan is good
poweredbyjae::Got to admit, its good to see a healthy K-Mart because the dude can still flat score.  He's probably one of the most under-rated, became over-rated, and now under-rated players I've seen
MrFCarv::What I like the most in K-Mart is his ability to get fouled. He does a lot of pump fakes that allow him to get in good position to drive and therefore get a lot of FT's. His shooting has been also good.
vinny del negro sees 3 moves behind::kevin martin can barely contain his enthusiasm every time he makes a basket...
SmokeyNYY::thank you toronto for taking awful fields away from the knicks...best thing ever
KinickDiaz::Man! ..... i came in here just to Thank the Raptors for taking Fields away but i got beat to it....................... by 10000 people...THAT DUDE SUUUUUUCCKKKS!!!!
Dondi716::just to think some reporter asked fields about the Knicks and he offered an opinion DOE'S ANYTHING HE SAY'S OR THINK'S MATTER'S HE SUCKS!!!
vinny del negro sees 3 moves behind::lmao @ landry fields... what a joke
marz776::who's president,president obama is no romney lol
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::LOL@ Durant continuing to have more TO's than assists.
MrFCarv::Still, he has, at the start of this season, more assists than his career average as well as more rebounds. He's grabing more than 10 rebounds a game which is good and also a consequence of him playing the fourth position more often (i guess).
shytownbulls012::I've been following a system for betting lately called SportsbettingStar. In only two months time I have averaged $3,000 a month profit. I found this system on the first page of Google by searching the words Online Betting System.
shytownbulls012::Started betting with a system called Sportsbettingstar now for a couple of months. I found this online on the first page of google by searching the words sports betting system. Since I started I have made around $3,000 a month just following it. It is by far the best system I have ever tried in many years of betting
eototalt::Martin looks pretty good.
Linard Houston::HAHA Westbrick and Durantabrick.   - Kobrick
gudda5gaines::thabet over perkins??????by the end of the yr i bet he can replace perk
Westjag::Both look good and I'm glad all of our big men can knock down free throws
aaartnaz::wow, okc is for real. don't let the record fool you. box score says a lot- they got a bench and they got the size to challenge the lakers
gudda5gaines::okc all day
Gods illa::@omni - you are looking at 3 games ..think about their last 4 years .. Don't sleep
gudda5gaines::actually 4 but it looked good from a team prospective just need to get durant goin more and keep russel right were he is then the thunder will b lookin nice
OmniVersal::You mean when they had Harden? Yeah they were contenders then not so much now.
OmniVersal::Have you not seen OKC play? That team will be lucky to make it to the WCF.
OUALUM89::WOW!  A fortuneteller in our midst.  It must be nice to see the future.  How about the lotto numbers for this week, dip s h i t.
gudda5gaines::where is the scoring champ durant not this fake wanna b lebron??
Sonic_Sooner::Durant has been concentrating very much on facilitating so far this year.  That's what leading to so many turnovers (because his teammates are expecting him to look to score).  I fully expect him to drop 40 on someone within the next week.
gudda5gaines::i like there passing but they still need durant to get 25 a game atleast i mean tonite u wouldnt need him too but against some contenders  durants gonna have to become the man on fire like last yr! and it seems like durant uncomfortable out there like he dont wanna take take over
OmniVersal::Well he saw that Lebron won a ring by doing that but Durant's mistake is that he's not Lebron though
MrFCarv::No, he's not. He is a better shooter though. :) He just needs to get confident like he usually is.
johngood932::When is Bill Pullman going to be elected president?
OmniVersal::Have the Thunder beaten a good team yet?
OUALUM89::What's it to you numbnuts?
gudda5gaines::i would say portland is deso
LAKESHOW_2012::I see all the Mitt Slimmy supporters shaken in tears crying about that $@% whippin in utter awe and disbelief.  :-(
OUALUM89::Do us all a favor and $@%!.... you liberal ,obomba loving $@%!$@%.
eototalt::You're adopted and nobody loves you!
uncle drew be ballin::dirk got all these 7 footers trying to shoot
DoCtA.FlAkE::So I see Bargnani didn't shoot well once again...wtf is up with him?
ChimeraLycan::he fails to realize 7-footers need to be in the paint, not trying to shoot 3s
CandySparker::Get it on! Bang a gong! Get it on!
goonermate::Total throw away game for the raptors, down by 6 okay let's pack it up. Wait...Does anybody care about the raptors...not when the faces of the franchise are playing like $@%!$.
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::How in the world these people can play basketball on election day?
David28179::^what a n00b
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::I couldn't do nothing today on the election i was shaking allday my nerves are bad
D-Rose_The_Return::dude, u serious? they get what they want, no matter who really "wins". you're clueless if u think the government really has our best interest in mind
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::Okay.. Whatever makes you <div style="text-decoration: blink;">&nbsp;<br>Happy</div>
David28179::tomorrow the Raptors will destroy yallz
Neil826::this win isn't as impressive as they make it seem.  20 points over the raptors is nothing.  the bulls beat the cavs by 30 without rose last week.
meginny33::Just find it confusing someone can win the popular vote, but lose the election
melo kidd tyson amare rasheed felton::Join the knicks why you can we will be the Next champs
Td4mvp3::Romney was a flip flopper and americans caught on before the election
OUALUM89::Much better than a lying, lowlife, conman who used the liberal press and all the loafers and welfare moochers to elect him.  Obomba is a fu*king incompetent, scumbag with a delusional view of America and the world.  Well, there are still lots more middle eastern leaders as ses to kiss, so he will need four years to degrade himself and become even more of a laughing stock to world leaders than he is now...if that's possible. GOD!  What a psychopath.
fried_blowney::http://i54.photobucket.com/albums/g92/fried_blowney/invisibleherb.jpg  James Harden with a phantom spliff:
David28179::more like invisible $@%!$
David28179::p3n15
Td4mvp3::looks like spurs been eatin their Obama O's every day before the games
Td4mvp3::America made the right choice...no way were we gonna bring back the tea party, but now O'bama's got his work cut out for him
OUALUM89::Get the hell out of here with your godda*n political bulls*it.  It's sickening enough to have to see that grinning jack as ses face for four years without listening to an obomba loving, liberal bas*ard spewing his garbage all over a sports bulletin board.
Jmore09::i cant believe the knicks got rid of landry fields, what a loss that was....
fried_blowney::Not so much they got rid of him, more like they didn't want to match the $6M offer.
Td4mvp3::they couldnt even offer him 6 mill in NY? wow
KellenMooreShow::looks like they're doin fine without him
Jmore09::that was complete sarcasm, he had 3 points tonight
going in Balls Deep::Obama wins again, thank God we were hanging on the edge there with Romney Romney's 1st presidential act would be to declare War on China &amp; Iran simultaneously   the lesser of 2 evils, all is right with the world
OUALUM89::YOUR WONDER BOY IS A LYING, WORTHLESS, PSYCHOPATH.
BMITCH333::westbrook in full effect boyeeeeee!!  8 assists / 1 turnover!
RollThunderSooners::OKC wins as well.....................People have been doubting OKC since the trade, this team doesn't look bad or good necessarily right now. We will get better throughout the season.
SFEST13::I like how when I log on to Facebook I see all the rich kids complaining on how much of a living hell the next four years would be. Those poor souls!
OUALUM89::Don't worry dude. You're gonna experience it too, and don't look to conservatives for understanding and compassion.  You made your bed, now lie in it.
RollThunderSooners::Obama wins. The USA appears safe for the next 4 years at least.
RollThunderSooners::If Romney got elected, I was ready for the apocalypse............................
-FlyEaglesFly-::OBAMA!
suchita216::Very Simple.  I trust Obama.  He seems Honest to me.  I do not trust Romney at all.  Got sick of listening to his lie after lie or hiding things.
the viera check it check its::funny how Obama has lied about his promises in the 1st term. o yea he's gonna cut the national debt in half.... i guess he meant add 5 trillion more to the debt
Trev28nba::Landry Fields is a joke, good effort by Valanciunas though
Tbigbang::bring the KOOL-AIDS in the white house  -Obama B.
