bustasports::full nba 2011 re-draft  kenneth faried 2nd pick, enes kanter 17th  this was actually a good draft, but the draft order wasn't right  http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/2012/03/full-20...
tomtucker1981::boston is not even playing hard... they are resting their guys for the playoffs... and like 2010 they will surprise in the playoffs
cellus24::paul pierce after the win against the bobcats talking about catching up to the hawks and the pacers for the 5th seed in the east http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzdAINOuH5k&amp;feature=channel
boom.shaka.::Wow...who'd a thunk that the Atlantic would be the worst division in basketball?  I woulda sworn it was the Pacific, but first place in the Atlantic is 3rd or 4th in every division but the Northwest.
Road dog Red::Rondo definitely needs to score more..drives everyone NUTZ with his inconsistency
Dwayne_Johnson23::This guy . . .
Road dog Red::The guys riding the Hoverounds are in 1st place....don't ya just hate it
obxguy1::Rondo 1 of 7 on FGs. with RA out he needs to start stepping up with some scoring!  this guy is killing the Cs! shoulda traded this guy when they traded perk.... a quitter Who only plays when he feels like it.
Dwayne_Johnson23::C's!
ACandOJ::Do the C's have a good win this season?? They have fed on awful East teams....
ACandOJ::Are we talking about the 2012 NY Knicks or some other team??
Dwayne_Johnson23::You would be a mega toolbag had the Celtics lost.  Basically you're just a bi.tch
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::The OT win against NY knicks was a good win. They face tough teams this next week though
xxxhawk::Pierce fills the stat sheet: 36 pts, 10 rbds, 4 asts, 3 steals, 3 blocks  Go Celts
ZodModule::against the worst team in the last 20 yrs
celticfan9262::your a moron you stupid idiot even bad teams play good sometimes,and boston was on a back to back,so we will gladly take the win.GO CELTICS'
SFCROB1369::I love the Celtics but I think it is safe to say Gerald Henderson still can play.
yorkallday1::nba re-draft who would u guys take second? this site said kenneth faried, i don't think he's thaaat good though http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/2012/03/full-2011-nba-re-draft.html
AvengedByCats::Oh look! A respectable score!
michael107114::I'll keep saying it, game 7 NBA finals right now you can have any PF/C in the NBA Griffin, Bosh, Dirk, Amare, Dwight, Pau Gasol, Bynum Aldridge, I mean Kevin Love don't look too bad right now but I would still take KG right now for one game over any of them
manning48911::i would take dirk he can shoot the 3 and has good inside game and hes soo damn tall lol
ZodModule::Kevin Love all day, all night
OzzyRomo::Sit on it all u KG HATERS!
celticfan9262::KG IS INCRETIBLE
LaughingMan02::Then you're a fool.
LaughingMan02::So Paula Pierce finally does a double-double on a D-league team. How pathetic!
celticfan9262::THIS GUY IS JUST HOPING PAUL SWINGS THAT WAY,SORRY YOU $@%!$@ HES STRIEGHT.
xxxhawk::just like kobe, except: kobe would not shoot 50% would never get 10 rbds would not get asts, stls &amp; blks
ZodModule::Actually Kobe has done all those a few times
obscured_by_clouds::who's awake
Shaun0088::The trolls.
Shaun0088::They're awake.
obscured_by_clouds::pierce, allen, garnet= HOFers
manning48911::allen will be their for 2 more years at least maybe not on boston but in the nba
LaughingMan02::Pierce, Allen = Done  Garnet = 1 more year left.
KingGeorge53::Celtics hold on to an exciting victory over the Bobcats.   woo hoo!
rackem_smackemm::unfortunately for the celts, they won't be playing the bobcats in the playoffs.
oreed luv his redsox::1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ   after kobe &amp; pau gone.... do you believe  Bynum will carried the lakers to a nba championship....lol
OzzyRomo::OUCH! I THINK U HURT HIS FEELINGS ON THAT ONE LOL
oreed luv his redsox::true we suck......lakers getting old too...atlease we didn't get swept last year bahahahaaaaaaaaa;)
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Wow so Rondont, Stiemsma ans Bass will lead the Boston Baked Beans to a Champ when the Old 3 leave are fu.ckn kidding do you see your tram Lmmfao the nerves of you guys trying to clown the Lakers wow I wouldn't even talk seriously that team is beyond done now and after. See you in 20plus yrs again maybe even 40 lmmfao.
celticfan9262::AND YOU REALLY NEED TO GO BACK TO SCHOOL,YOUR SPELLING AND GRAMMER SUCKS.
oreed luv his redsox::oh yeah, ramon sessions  is a superstar like Bynum  now..lol
STR8_CASH _HOMEY::ramon sessions will.........LMAO
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Failtics at the 7spot Lmao if they were in the West they wouldn't get in the playoffs . Do you know how many teams in the West competing for the 4 thru 8 o man its a real rat race Baked Beans would finish 9 thru 16. Lmao
obscured_by_clouds::well boston is going to win the atlantic so....
OzzyRomo::I'm pretty sure that if the Celtics would of have all of their players healthy we would won that game 76sers are a freaken bluff bro...trust me Celtics well win next time they meet
oreed luv his redsox::SO...pointless
STR8_CASH _HOMEY::well the celtics arent in the west, and the lakers arent winning sh it this year.....they got more white boys on their roster than new kids on the block
bost0nsportzfan4life::And your point is.......?
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Point is stop putting extra on your team and admit they are not what they were from 08. One and done nothing more another 20yr drought.
Barrk9::You are a testament to the LA education system
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Ummmmmmmm sure buckaroo buddy , old chap I got my MBA at Harrrrrvard man sit your a.ss in the corner lol.
bost0nsportzfan4life::The Knicks have fans?  This is news to me.
knicks_11::yea and were also fans of ur moms vag.
bost0nsportzfan4life::Wow going back to 3rd grade aren't we?  Must be the result of your amazing education system lol.
knicks_11::to the third degree
Barrk9::burn?
MichaelSCDP::Knicks haven't won squat since 1973 back when Richard Nixon was president.
MichaelSCDP::Nah I'm a Giants fan, so why doesn't your team go back to Shea BHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!
knicks_11::still sour over that Superbowl victory huh.. tsk tsk..
oreed luv his redsox::thats when afro was a must have
MichaelSCDP::Actually the Jets title was during the dying days of LBJ.
MichaelSCDP::I just wanted to make that perfectly clear!
Barrk9::Just like the Jets
knicks_11::boston will be at the bottom restarting over in this offseason.. just  like during their gerald green and delonte west years a few years back.. Haa C'ya suckers!!!!
iamatightend::my bad...you got the broom last year. thats your best achievement
iamatightend::wow. talking $@%! since you got Melo and Amare...RESULTS: None
celticfan9262::THEY DON'T HAVE AMARE ANYMORE HES OUT FOR THE SEASON.HA HA
bS Epic::Knicks can't even win the division. Wining division free since '93...-'94
oreed luv his redsox::atlease celtics won a nba championship...this knicks team have no shot
Barrk9::Its funny because the Knicks have been rebuilding for the last 40 years
celticfan9262::GOOD LUCK FINDING A REPLACEMENT FOR STODIMEYER FOR THE REST OF THE SEASON
bost0nsportzfan4life::Top 3?  LMAO!!!  Oh yeah with Crymelo and the 1 week Legend/Turnover Machine Jeremy Lin?  OH MY We are SOOOOOO Scared.  Face it the Knicks are the Celtics b!tch
Barrk9::Top 3 lotto pick? Yes
knicks_11::who wrote almost like me which proves that you are five years old.
knicks_11::and well be top 3..ill take that over 10 million banks
bost0nsportzfan4life::KG is coming back we have a young core.  This team wont be elite but they'll still be a 7-8 seeded playoff team.  I'll take that to the bank.
Barrk9::Who cares about grammar? You must be five years old.
knicks_11::who cares about the past?? yu must be 75 years old
Barrk9::Maybe one day, the Knicks will have as many division titles as the C's have rings.
knicks_11::not anymore. good luck finding replacements for allen and garnett
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Delusional a.ss Boston Baked Bean fan Lmao
Shaun0088::Whats wrong with Baked Beans?
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Yea but Bynum numbers are up and he been balling. But Kobe is shuting him down man you sound dumb. Lmao be happy with the 7th seed Leprechauns. Your Failtics wouldn't survive being a team in the West.
Barrk9::You won't survive community college.
oreed luv his redsox::a laker fan talking about Delusional...who is the best center in the nba
Barrk9::Kobe should be Defensive POY. Who else could shut down an all star Center like Bynum like that?
Barrk9::Jets Mets Nets
7BAUGHLLIN7::Jazz celts wednesday.. Good luck c's... Go Jazz!
TheTristanShow::YEAH HOLLINS. I see those 2 rebounds!
falseprophet2012::JSmoove is going around saying the Knicks have a shot at beating the Bulls and Heat but not the Celtics. what a clown.
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Lmao after a when over a 7-40 team
Barrk9::YEA!
oreed luv his redsox::Si-  spanish ;)
TheTristanShow::Yes
oreed luv his redsox::yeaaha!
tombradysdabest::yeah!!!
Barrk9::YA!
Paddywaggie::how come philly's 4th seed when they're tied up with the C's?
Gorrauk::They've beaten the Celtics at least twice. Not sure if they've played more, but Sixers have the tiebreakers
bost0nsportzfan4life::Head to head Philly has more wins.
knicks_11::God.. Celtics why cant ya lose some games.?
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Struggling to make the playoffs is playing with pride Lmao. Lakers benched suck and Kobe game has been sea sawing for weeks. 30-19 3rd spot / 27-22 7th spot. Last 2 wins over teams that barely combine 20 wins. What an elite franchise Loston lol. Man wouldn't make it playing in the West and you know it.
oreed luv his redsox::Knicks have not won in boston since 2003 i believe ...god that's a lonnnng a'ss time;)
oreed luv his redsox::knicks playing with pride ;)  is that a joke?...? knicks can't handle the truth
oreed luv his redsox::because they play with pride..every-game
bost0nsportzfan4life::I'm pretty sure 17 is a bigger number then 2.
Barrk9::Oh that explains why the Knicks have how many rings again?
falseprophet2012::The only two things new york beats Boston in are cockroaches and rats.
bost0nsportzfan4life::Is that why the Knicks haven't won in boston since...(Someone help me on this one)
knicks_11::so do the Knicks NY&gt;Boston
tombradysdabest::pierce&gt;lebrick you know it's true!!!!!!
iamatightend::go troll somewhere else
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Never Lmao all because he had to good games against to lottery pick teams Lmao. Pierce can't even average 20 a game any more Lmao he's done already career is through Lmmfao.
Flop City::Wow! Boston beat another non playoff team. Shocking!
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::30-19 3spot in the competitive Western Conference Easten Conference is sooooooooo weak Cellticks  wouldn't even make the playoffs in the West that's a fact. Don't be delusional because its your team seriously they will not.
Sportsfanatic621::we have beaten playoff teams too.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Wow you're bi.tching again.  Shocking!
falseprophet2012::wow a lowlife laker fan posting the same post twice! Shocking!
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Lakers fans are low life when we post on Sec140 but you Cellticks not man shut that sh.it up you fools be trolling other Sec140's as well especaily the Lakers, Heat , Bulls and Knicks so stop that nonsense buddy boy.
falseprophet2012::I wonder if he was pouting on a bench when they lost like Kobe!
Sportsfanatic621::he must be upset over the loss against the grizz.
ynot1825::what got into Pierce tonight?? dude was playing like he's in his 20's.
Gorrauk::Look at the other lines. Led in blocks, steals, rebounds and points. You can't block, steal or rebound on a free throw (except a missed one, but he was 15-18 so not many chances there)
vangundyfan12::18 Free throws helped.
SamMcCade::Coming for that #1 Spot!
Kirk-Is-My-Hinrich::Damn, Pierce killed it.
Green.Dynamite::knicks right behind YA
falseprophet2012::congrats you finally made it to 500. what an accomplishment.
impressiveicon::knicks suck
ChicagoBullsFan9::is this the bobcats coach http://up.liga.ir/images/6m7ux4qi4c6tyn7dvp1x.swf
Titletown_MA::SO $@%!$@% LOUD!  I'M GOING TO MURDER YOU!
SamMcCade::.swf extension, nice try.
Sportsfanatic621::hahahah damn man you got me.
DaBostonStrangler10::Good thing I have my security blanket right next to me to protect me
sam07ny::FLAGGED!
Green.Dynamite::LMAO YOU GOT ME!
bustaj34::LOL got me good
Knaps Nivlac::Damn you!
impressiveicon::<b> SEE YOU ALL ON THE BOARD WEDNESDAY NIGHT</b>
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::...when the Jazz beat the Celtics
cellus24::Kevin Garnett after the win talking about moving up in the standings and trying to avoid chicago and miami in the first round http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QnT9oUg1aY&amp;feature=channel i don't think we will see boston and la lakers in the finals this year but it would be nice to see one more time to break the tie breaker
tombradysdabest::perkins
CST73::it should be 2-0 celtics, Lakers got lucky
impressiveicon::Hopefully Dirty Wade won't eliminate Rondo this year
STR8_CASH _HOMEY::lol tie breaker with the big three yes.......overall boston owns LA in the finals
woodyattjon::Bobcats coach resigns, and in a not so shocking develpoment, no one agrees to coach the Bobcats rest of the season...Players coach themselves
celticfan9262::HOPEFULLY THEY ARE READY FOR UTAH ON WED.
impressiveicon::A Return for <b> BIG AL</b>
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::is Ray playing wednesday?
celticfan9262::RAY ALLEN AND PIETRIS.
Sportsfanatic621::hi.
celticfan9262::CAN'T WAIT TO GET ALLEN AND PIETRIS BACK.
Sportsfanatic621::when is allen coming back?
ThatsGoodSoup7963::YES. That's a lot of points for my man Paul. Go get 'em Boston!
celticfan9262::LOTSA LOVE PAUL.
impressiveicon::KG -10  Steimsma +13
