Magic are better than you::About what I expected from the Magic last night...  The long year continues...
swiftandabundant::Knicks are doin' work!  http://tinyurl.com/GoingtotheKnicksGame
PSU.Lines::If you want betting advice follow me on twitter... @cashforpicks
PSU.Lines::If you want betting advice follow me on twitter... @cashforpicks
CubanSucksRiverWater::Let's see .. Heat v. Spurs on national TV tonight... Spurs just had three games in four nights on the road while the cHeat have been sitting on their a$$es at home the entire time.  I'm *sure* that is a coincidence.
Dengue-Fever::Stop B!!tching!!...just get ready for that a$$ whoopin
victor5909::Clearly the wheels on the ORLANDO MAGIC Bus are FLAT or worse in the process of falling off......In my personal opinion ITS TIME for a roster shake up
Impactive::More?  They shook it up quite a bit in the off-season.  They have what, three returning players only from last year's squad?  The next shake up will be near deadline or after the season concludes.  5-9 isnt bad for a rebuilding team, those 5 wins werent exactly vs. cream puff either, but they do need to shoot better from the floor.  Last night they couldn't get to the basket or enter the paint like in prior games, the Spurs excel and the defensive end.  Dont give up on the boys just yet, we could be 0-14 but we arent, so that says something about this rebuilt squad.
FREE_TEBOW::Tebow?????
Impactive::What about him?  Your question is completely vague.
Bmarleys420::Ive been using a betting system called sportsbettingstar. Making around 2-3K a month profit using this system. You can find the system on google by searching for sports betting system.
Ray Allen GOAT 3::TIME TO BLOCK DUNCAN AGAIN AND LET LEBRON LOOSE!!!
Impactive::Spurs were able to rest their star players last night, which will keep them fresh for the big game tonight.  Spurs will have their hands full there no denying that, but their defense is playing well and they have more offensive weapons then just the "Big 3" that Miami so heavily relies upon for wins.  There's a reason Duncan has more rings, and the Spurs more titles without "Big 3" creation or intangibles if such actually does exist.
LeoA86::$@%! dude, more like DUNCAN BLOCKING THE LIVING $@%! OUT OF LBJ. 4RINGS BABY. NUFF SAID.
www.amanrules@yahoo.com::YOUR NEXT HEAT!!!!
JJATLJJ48::you're
supportingtheSpurs::"For the game the Spurs connected on 44 of 88 field-goal attempts, or 52 percent."  Do you ESPN guys even read the articles before copying and pasting?
trumpetguru2012::Am I missing something? 44/88 should be 50%, not 52%.
redevelopmentguy::Spurs will get their usual 58-60 wins, win a series or two and then lose in the Conference Finals.  They just don't have the youthful horses to get it done with the likes of Memphis, the Clippers and OKC.  Sorry, it's just a fact.  Who on the Magic did Sean Elliott talk s.hit about tonight?  The guy is the biggest homer (and Uncle Tom) broadcasting NBA games.
trumpetguru2012::I wonder how many teams would do ANYTHING to win 58-60 games and get to the conference finals.
alaingruen::I agree that Elliott is a homer, but have you heard any of the other announcers? They are ALL homers. That's what they get paid for. I actually think he is one of the best color commentators in the NBA, some of them are absolutely terrible, and Elliott actually gives insight into strategy. You may not like him but Elliott is easily top five color commentator in the league.
No-account drifter::So your formula is "n will not go to the finals; either x, y, or z will instead." You could randomly plug in any of the West's top teams at any spot in that formula and have a good chance of being right. Nice work if you can get it.
Texicano10::ok mr fortune teller
LeoA86::HOW DO THEY NOT HAVE THE YOUNG LEGS? YOU IDIOT, FIRST OF ALL MORE THAN HALF THE TEAM IS UNDER 26. SECOND. TEAM CHEMISTRY MEAN ANYTHING TO YOU?
WesTexSpur::The beat the Clips in the playoffs last year...
ImOldschool1964::Anyone who claims SPURS basketball is boring is a freakin' moron....there is no other team in the NBA that moves the ball like the SPURS do and is as fun to watch as the SPURS...    Manu is a freakin' human highlight reel...the basketball world is SCREWED by ESPN's lack of coverage of this team....more
Mr. Nut Job::Spurs are putting it together.  Can't wait to see what they'll do with Miami...
CandySparker::Manu is the man.
Aaron2285::we doing raw with out jackson an Leonard if we had them we be sweeping past yall these teams with manus back doing good an legs bak
Zede51::Trade Afflalo back to the Nuggets
we_out_here::Same ole geriatric squad having another fake regular season
trumpetguru2012::Mr. Madison, what you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.
WesTexSpur::If memory serves they did make it to the conference finals last year...I could be wrong though
BurntOrange5021::The Spurs have some tests coming up (@ Miami and then at home vs. a good Memphis team). They will be tough, but I've never doubted the Spurs.
doof54::Looking forward to one heck of a game on Saturday.   - The Grizz
Leisiago::FRANKLY SAY, SPURS ARE SICK. LAST TIME I BET AGAINST SPURS ON 1ST Q, BLAZERS UP BY 11. I BLINK MY EYES ABOUT 1 MINUTE LATER SPURS UP BY 1... STAY AWAY BETTING AGAINST THEM!!!
Mr. Nut Job::My sentiments exactly first they cover the one way then the other.
Infinite5ammy::FUN FACT: The Spurs have played twice as many road games as the Lakers, but have nine times as many road wins.
ImOldschool1964::Any fact that exposes the ineptness of the Lala Lakers is fun!
TheJTram::And the Spurs chug along to another 50+ season again. No surprise there, just Mr. Fundamentals and the Spurs doing what they do best
SirBlasi::Finally Magic lose!  Lets get that top pick!
Mikeferrari89::Heats going to dominate this old spurs team
Aaron2285::lol ypu say spurs old an we beat a couple young teams already $@%!$@% !$@%!
Vaquero In The House::Sure they are &amp; Los Spurs are probably shaking in their boots right now....
X GoSpursGo X::GG Magic! On to the Heat. Getting ready for that that stupid yell D Wade lets out everytime he goes to the basket. Always trying to make it sound like he got fouled.
Impactive::Alright this old man is getting some rec....  see you all tomorrow night for Heat game.
Mr. Nut Job::sleep well old man!
LakerHeadsReckoning211::Peace!
Brayden0916::If Afflalo is heads and shoulders above everybody else on your team, it absolutely blows
LakerHeadsReckoning211::Well, it looks like we'll actually be able to play our starters regular minutes tomorrow against the scumbag Heat. I hope they're rusty as all hell.
JVOTOG::8 free throws??????
anthonyjr707::spurs only shot 15 freethrows
Poco7777777::Manu's back!
June 24th Is Kobe Bryant Day::So good to see him knock down some 3's.
Impactive::NUPE - IF they use it (exemption), they could add it in a sign and trade too keep in mind. Makes dealing Turk a bit easier to open more cap room. See what Im saying now? Harrington can be dealt too, so the potential to be flush under the cap is there, but better chance by dealing exemption with players.  That way we can acquire top talent already with a max deal.  Welcome to marketing and management 101.
Impactive::Congrats Spurs fans, played a heck of a game.  Excellent win tonight!
howdythere.::GG all!
LakerHeadsReckoning211::GG, Spurs. GL the rest of the way, Magic fans.  FUC K Dwight Howard.
Mr. Nut Job::Dwight is Top Flight!
ImOldschool1964::Another satisfying win for the good guys...goodnight SPUR and MAGIC fans...
Heinrich.Himmler::gg magicfans
Heinrich.Himmler::lol at whoever is chanting airball
ImOldschool1964::nice to see James Andersen knock some shots down
Rome29483::Go spurs
Impactive::Well, my boy from my Alma mater is starting for the 49ers!  Something to cheer about tonight.  Magic sucked asssssss!
Impactive::Older, by a decade.
Impactive::Yes.
Impactive::He's the total package, but still raw at this level.  Amazing athlete.
howdythere.::Kap looking good
utlonghorns2008::Cool, same time as Kap or older?
utlonghorns2008::You went to Nevada?
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::So if there aren't any players worth signing for the Magic then what exactly is Henny's plan? This Magic team is too decent to earn a lotto pick.
Impactive::If they use it, they could add it in a sign and trade too keep in mind.  Makes dealing Turk a bit easier to open more cap room.  See what Im saying now?  Harrington can be dealt too, so the potential to be flush under the cap is there, but better chance by dealing exemption with players.
Impactive::For a Duke grad math is not your strong point.  That exemption doesnt offer max deal cap room on it's own nest season.
Impactive::True, but not enough, still have to deal Turk and Harrington.  No one will want Nelson.
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::That trade exception is worth 18mill.
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::Uhhh no, they won't.
Impactive::We are capped till 14-15 anyways, we cant offer a max till then, unless we deal Harrington, turk, and Nelson by deadline this season.
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::That trade exception next summer.
LakerHeadsReckoning211::What also sucks is that the upcoming Draft class is projected to be pretty weak as well.
Impactive::Yeah, nice draft to trade picks and stock on future picks.  I dont want anyone in this year's crop.
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::Agreed.
oriolesandbrew32::-7.5 a lock for the spurs
Heinrich.Himmler::well, I won't be here tomorrow. that heat game is gonna produce so many trolls
LakerHeadsReckoning211::That clown needs a good curb-stomping.
ImOldschool1964::you know he's so p.issed off right now...the lakers are complete garbage
Heinrich.Himmler::that kid is so cute. reminds me of my 13 year old nephew
howdythere.::he's so mad his lakers suck...LOL
ImOldschool1964::I'm sure slam spunk on u will be here......
howdythere.::no doubt
Impactive::Nupe, no way you can say Josh Smith doesnt deserve a max deal if Magic were to sign him.
ImOldschool1964::T-rex with the 4 foot miss....
ImOldschool1964::T-rex with the 4 foot miss....
LakerHeadsReckoning211::Tiago's hook-shot is ugly as hell, but it sure is effective.
TheCronoMasterMind::I'm just hoping the Magic can finish strong. I like that they are giving the rookies nearly the entire 4th quarter right now.
Heinrich.Himmler::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfsCWY6WpDU
Heinrich.Himmler::KG is the loosest va.gina in the game
zZ_TRUSPURZ_Zz::Rondo,you mad bro?
howdythere.::lol Garnett with the flop
Heinrich.Himmler::indeed. kudos to them.
utlonghorns2008::Quick upload
Heinrich.Himmler::"i want rondo at my side"? that little scrawny punk?
LakerHeadsReckoning211::LMFAO! Josh McRoberts is Duke trash.
LakerHeadsReckoning211::I won't knock his education, but he sucks as a player.
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::You wish you had his education.   Go Duke.  Alumn.
utlonghorns2008::I'm in college and i think its overrated, you dont need it but this society makes it that way
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::Seriously? Wow. I see why the rich takes advantage of the poor.
utlonghorns2008::College education is over rated
