Ryan Sems::Ya gotta have patience.  Just give Bennett another five years and he will eventually average a solid 8 points per game.
Jesse Huber::In the Spanish League?
Ryan Sems::Jesse Huber  No.  I was thinking the Mexican League.
Jesse Huber::Ryan Sems I'm sure the scouts for a team in Acapulco are feasting.
Nik Budig::Irving 2 Assists? Great PG you got there, Cavs have 17 Rubio has 16.....
Chris Blair::They are closer to the bottom of the league when it comes to assists per game as a team.
Jesse Huber::Fun little bit of trivia... the Wolves scored 70 points in the 1st half tonight. That's the most they've scored in a 1st half since when? Oddly enough, since 2010 when they put 73 points up against... yep, the Cavs.
Devin Baranick::Cavs need a few more #1 picks to become competitive.
Ryan Sems::They're about five more away from having a playoff contender.
Nate Stein::Ryan Sems lol
Nate Stein::Rubio is one of the best defenders in the NBA
Shea Ehlert::1 of? he is THE
Anthony Wing::brewer too!!! im serious hes the man!
Barry N McCockiner::Eric Bledsoe is pretty dang good too.
Nik Budig::Rubio>>Irving
John Zuchowski::Riiiight. Only problem is Rubio can't shoot.
Lu Kane::Rosé > both
Matthew Lawrence Jacobs::Rubio can't shoot but at least he isn't a pussy like rose..
Ryan Sems::With a Mike Brown coached team, it's pretty simple.  If the Cavs fall behind by 10 points or more (at any point in the game), then the game is pretty much over.
Ryan Sems::I think this great Mike Brown defense has a good chance to hold Minnesota under 130 points.
Devin Baranick::Hey Cavs fans, how many games will it take for you to win one on the road? I was also wondering how many more #1 picks you will need to reach the playoffs in the east?
Ryan Gladish::How long has it been since the wolves have been relevant?
Devin Baranick::Maybe since we were ranked 3rd in the power rankings the last couple weeks? Or the fact that we have the league leader in rebounds per game, the second leading scorer, the league leader in steals, and the player 4th in assists........What category are the Cavs leading in?......Most #1 picks on a sub .500 team?
Brett Reid::Devin Baranick  can't agree more, the cav's are a joke, all these draft picks wasted. On paper this cav's team looks good ( except for Varejao) but they continue to stink.  It seems like upper management isnt done getting top draft picks since they re-hired the guy who couldnt deliver a championship when they had arguably the best player in the league lol.
Nik Budig::The Wolves need to find a second team. Their starters are an elite bunch while the second team is piss poor. Dieng and Shabazz need to step up. Williams should be a very good trade aspect to gain a good 6th man. J.J has the ability to be a good 6 man but has been terrible this year. Coach needs to stop the Switches with only having the Starters out or the Second team out, needs to mix it up more.
Anthony Wing::jj was good tonite and the other day. he wasnt turning it over on his way to the basket szerbiak style- the bench had looked poor but theyve had limited minutes and are nervous/want to shocase skills.. shved looks off step and lost. muhammod too and dieng but last 2 are rooks. well see. hummel looks ok. brewer and martin have been lights out. biggest drop? shved. not a rookie and looks lost. price, mohammed an d dieng hummel all have a free pass. even d will looks lost without the ball and with the ball
Dave Houle::Shved looks lost I agree, its like he lost any and all confidence.  idk if it has to do w/AK47 being gone or what, but dude just looks miserable.  Williams is looking more relaxed and confident.  He's had some nice moves this season and looks like he actually has an idea of what he's doing or what coach wants him to be doing.  Muhammad is a nonfactor and will be all season long.  Dieng as well, but when Turiaf comes back in a few weeks he'll get spot duty as well.  Hummel looks solid as he should be, smart kid w/experience.
Derrick Dazer Love::I think rick is doing a good job of mixing them together. He sits pek out early and brings daunte out, then lets pek and Corey run with the second unit but we do need a trade
John Martin::Remember when people were saying Rubio could not make it in the NBA?  Love and Rubio will take this team to the playoffs.
Anthony Wing::i think peopl overestimate rubios effect. brewer is the man right now. i love me some rubio thopugh
Anthony Wing::burp
Andrew Klocek::Anthony Wing are you on crack or meth? I mean did you really just say Rubio is overrated? He is probably the best playmaker in the game. Oh and he is one of the best defensive players. But hey who wants a guy that is top 3 in AST and STL...
Ryan Sems::Well, let's be positive here.  Bennett is one point away from tying his career high.
Matthew Lawrence Jacobs::Unlv muff said
Mitch Wilde::Pay back from the let down earlier this year.   Cavs aren't a terrible team by any means but I think the Twolves are an elite team once Budinger and Turiaf get back we are actually deep, right now our bench is pretty weak.
Tyler Olexa::The Timberwolves are a decent team but are definitely not an Elite team by adding Budinger and Turiaf. With the other teams in the West, you'll be lucky to get an 8th seed.
Marcleen Bavogui::Tyler Olexa they will get a better seed then the 8th if everybody is healthy
Nik Budig::Tyler Olexa Well be ranked 3rd with out those two and you think they will barely make the 8th seed with them... I fail to see your logic behind that...And right now they are not elite with that terrible second team.
Ryan Sems::Just saw someone posting on "True Hoops" that Bennett is playing some really good defense.  LOL.  Yeah, that's great.  In comparison to the NFL, it's like saying that your 1st overall pick wide receiver can't catch very well, but he's developing into a great down-field blocker.
Benny Thai Tran::That's a horrible analogy.
Ryan Sems::Benny Thai Tran  Bennett is averaging a whopping 2.6 rebounds per game.  In terms of "useless stats" that is every bit as applicable as a WR that blocks downfield for a running back.  Both actions typically have a nominal effect on the outcome of a game and so far this season, Bennett has been a nominal type player.
Ryan Sems::And furthermore, if you want to look at other useless data such as blocks per game (0.29) and steals per game (0.86), then Bennett ends up looking even worse.
Jeffrey Giering::wow...the cavs just absolutely suck on the road...it's unbelievable how ridiculous they become...they're not great at home but they win games...on the road they look like a high school team...
Matthew Lawrence Jacobs::They just suck way to piss away a first round draft pick
George Chip Thayer::Which is very typical of a very young team with a new head coach.  Not worried
Lester Avellan::If the Minnesota can stay healthy they can be a contender. But this a big if, because of Kevin Love is injury prone.
Dave Houle::injury prone? so breaking your hand working out leaves one labeled as injury prone? ah ok, sure, whatever dude.
Derrick Dazer Love::Eh he sorta kinda is. He use to get banged up wen big al was there. He also got hurt in tht super kill 26 n 13 season towards the end
Dave Houle::eh he kinda sorta isn't.  he's had one serious injury his entire career and it was non-basketball related.  everyone gets hurt, sprains an ankle, etc.  that's not injury prone unless its steph curry who does it every month.
Shawn Bento::Love didn't have a double-double by the end of the 3rd quarter?  Awful performance.
Nate Dorow::Ok, who messed with the game sliders?
Derek Charles Webb::Adelman needs to figure out that Schved just cant play anymore, especially when jj and him are on the court at the same time. Find a deal to send D-Will down the road for a good 6th man and get Shabazz some playing time. Dieng is under-utilized too. Give Adelman another couple weeks and our rotation will turn out just fine.
Joe Simonett::A report came out a few days ago (as expected) that the Wolves are openly shopping D-Will and Schved for veteran bench talent. With that playing out, the return of Budinger and Turiaf, and the starters meshing even more through experience together, this team has the ability to be extremely dangerous in the post-season
Clark Jensen::I watched the game and I don't recall seeing a more pathetic defensive effort.  Repeated uncontested cuts to the lane, horrible perimeter defense and nobody in the paint helping. Wolves get an A+, Cavs get an F-
George Chip Thayer::Agree.    Two completely different teams then the first game.
Rob Poole::This team is starting to really click. As long as the injury bug doesn't hit them again, they could make a deep run in the playoffs. I don't think anyone wants to play the T'wolves right now.
Ryan Sems::It's nice that the Cavs have such all-star level depth on their team that they could draft a bench player with the first overall pick.
Ryan Sems::Cavs seem to be positioning themselves to draft the next Anthony Bennett with the first overall pick in next year's draft.
Jesse Huber::There's sucking, and then there's Cleveland. This loss will be a lot more about intangibles than a box score.
Ryan Sems::I think that by March, the Cavs will be seriously contending for a high lottery pick.
