Organic-Soften::YO YO YO! MODS CAN'T GET ME NOW!
Quinn1321::Seems like everyone wants to blame kobe for the loss. his shooting in the first half kept them in it.  give credit to iggy for that amazing defense he played on him in the 4th quarter. proving why he should be an all star and on the olympic roster. SIXERS ALL THE WAY
MirBay_Watson::Enough aobut Kobrick...let's talk about those Sixers, who STILL don't get credit for this season.  Where's all the "Sixers haven't beaten anyone" comments gone?  Indiana, Atlanta (twice), Orlando, Chicago, the Lakers....yo. Respect it.  2011-12 Sixers, A.K.A. "Hustler's Row"...we're for REAL real this year. #younghumbleHUNGRY
Phillyfan362::http://khandyman.com/2012/02/07/lou-76ers-ruin-kobes-big-night/
nunya2414::See this place got flooded with East coast haters. The $@%! out of here Kobe is retiring a Laker.
jelaal::Dr buss. Tell Mitch to go to China right now and sign Aaron brooks and Jr smith we can cut kapono and troy Murphy give Dallas back their 9 million bring odem home and save this season for its too late. I got a few dollars ill chip in if needed.  6
nunya2414::pretty sure Aaron Brooks is restricted. We do have a decent shot at JR though it's between the Knicks, Lakers, and Clippers
trunkmonkey1980::Kobe should be 3rd by the end of next season.
8SportMan::A lot of people are kind of over reacting I think.  They havent been really blown out of a game this year except for Miami.  They lost by 5 to a good team on the road.  Stuff happens like that.  I see people get pumped for wins over Denver(better team than sixers) but then say LAs a lottery pick after losing another game...Bipolar
mikepmcguire::Sixers "spoiled Bryant's record-setting night. "  How is 5th place on a list record-setting?
trunkmonkey1980::not really.  He got the Lakers record when he Past Jerry West a couple seasons ago.
bigmancsg97::lakers record moron
BayAreaZ::Kobe's a joke at this point. 10 for 26, so typical...  Plus ONE with Kobe, Plus 11 with Fisher! Plus 10 with World Peace!  I'd trade him for anything they could get at this point...
kobebetterthanbron::Lakers are going nowhere this season. They should tank the rest of the season for a lottery pick in an incredibly deep draft to rebuild. They could potentially win the lottery and get a franchise player like Anthony Davis!!
kobebetterthanbron::Big Kobe fan and big congrats for passing Shaq. That being said, Kobe lost the game for the Lakers last night. Bynum was DOMINANT and they were up 86-79 after a Kobe alley-oop to Bynum dunk. Then Kobe starts jacking up shots instead of continuing to feed the post (Gasol and Bynum) and the Sixers close on a 16-4 run. This year's Laker team outside of Kobe, Bynum, Gasol is one of the worst in NBA history. This team will not make the playoffs this season as presently constructed, which a lottery pick in a deep draft is better for the future (maybe they can win the lottery and get Anthony Davis or Harrison Barnes). I am hoping Dallas continues to struggle so that the pick we get from them for Odom will also be a lottery pick and we can rebuild with 2 lottery picks.
MIA_ALL_DAY_OR_DIE::hahaha lakers lost again
mark35345::Gasol played terrible. He's played maybe 3 or 4 good games all year. I'm sick of watching D. Fisher. I'd rather lose with Morris or that Andrew G kid. I don't how Artest played more than 10 minutes: he was terrible. Yeah Kobe was tired - sure he should have fed Bynum more in the last two minutes but what's the excuse for the rest of these clowns?
ElCunado608::Lakers fans...it's nice to see how TEAM basketball is supposed to be played
Rambomonster9::Was Kobe really only 1-10 in th 4th??? and 2-8 in the 4th vs. utah?  he only plays 3 quaters i guess.  Huh..... ironic
poker_pride::Kobe plays 4 quarters. If he played 3 quarters Lakers would win more often.
Rambomonster9::Kobe chokes again in the 4th.  His assist to turnover ratio is terrible also.  turnover machine
boom.shaka::Yeah, Kobe shoots a lot.....whatever.  I cheered the 81 point night, so I'll deall with the 10-26 nights.  A wise person once said:  You take the good You take the bad You take them both And there you have: The facts of life.  The facts of life
xmanfolife::One of the best Laker's of all-time is Michael Cooper......he was always n the middle of the trenches n all the big games..from the beginning of showtime to the end of showtime...personal fav.
boom.shaka::Cooooooop
forest39::Gronk has to be the worst dancer ever, did anyone see that video, he looks like the dancing inflatable arm things they put in front of car dealerships
forest39::Kobe is not greatest laker ever, Magic, Kareem, Jerry west, Shaq, are all better. Wilt is too, but he wasn't a laker long enough to be considered greatest laker ever
phatman492::NBA logo people, NBA logo is Jerry West.
boom.shaka::1) Magic 2) Logo 3) Jabbar 4) Kobe 5) Baylor 6) Mikan 7) Shaq 8) Worthy 9) Wilt 10) Goodrich
forest39::I was wondering who logo was, I always thought his only nickname was Mr.Clutch
forest39::oh ok, Logo is West, srry I am familar with the players but not with all their nicknames
forest39::wilt is the best player on that list, but as far as great lakers go he only spent 3 years with them
forest39::I am confused, does he have a nickname?
boom.shaka::LMFAO
forest39::where is west?
Zoid_Berg::The age old clutchness problem with any player in any sport. The few times a great player comes up big in the final moments of a game the fans say "there he goes again, Mr Clutch". But the many times he fails in the final seconds its "hey, nobodys perfect". Even though math, which does not lie, suggests that he is not clutch http://chasing23.com/the-myth-of-playoff-kobe/  Even in the playoffs he has missed many chances http://chasing23.com/the-ball-dont-lie-but-sometimes-stats-do/  Don't feel bad though Lakers fans, its not just Kobe. Its alot of players in alot of sports. Kobe may be the most infamous for this. Maybe not as bad as Jeter. But the point is, this was one of those "nobody is perfect" nights.
boom.shaka::"clutch" doesn't mean you always hit every shot, it means you want the ball in his hands because you are confident that he'll get a look.  If it falls, great.  If it doesn't...oh well -- life's a biyatch.
boom.shaka::Yep....it happens sometimes.
forest39::Kobe failed to be clutch alot in this game
A Moveable Feast::Philadelphia didn't fail to recognize the moment.  They just realize Kobe is a brat and not really a part of Philadelphia.
pnk3128x::if your gonna say matt ryan (connestoga) and joe flacco (south jersey) are from philly, you best not say kobe isnt from philly. and the crowd cheered, were you watching?
mikepmcguire::that is because he is a spoiled little punk from lower merion, not philly
Learn2PlayG::Why isnt Luke Walton getting pine time? Jackson gave him a good 5-10 minutes per game.
boom.shaka::Because nobody else can stake a claim at the backup SF position - they all pretty much suck.
dshark16::The real story here is that the sixers are a legit threat this year in the East, everyone's seen they can compete with the Heat and Bulls.
MirBay_Watson::That still makes them a THREAT....not the favorite.  Hell, the Bulls are a threat and they lost to Philly AND Miami.
mikepmcguire::i love my hometown sixers and they are a great up and coming team, but they got blown out by miami twice already. by 21 in miami w/o wade and by 20 here at home. let's not anoint them just yet
boom.shaka::Ever notice how Gasol never gets ripped when he goes 5-14?
Cadillac_Too_Cold::But yet he's still mentioned along side Shaq when explaining Kobe's last two rings.
forest39::but he didnt, so whats your point?
jcmaggi::Yea, if Kobe could have gotten that team to the promised land people would have been talking about how Smush was channeling Magic and Kwame was playing like Shaq and Kareem combined and Kobe rode them to the title.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Which makes me sad Kobe couldn't win with Kwame Brown, i'd love to hear how he's the second comming of Hakeem Olajuwon.
jcmaggi::I've come to accept the fact that to a Lakers hater Pau Gasol = charmin ultra soft right up until the time it comes to play "I hate Kobe Bryant even more" at which point you will see great magic............Pau will transform into the second coming of Karl Malone.
plummer047::he was really soft. bynum was unbelievable last night though. they should have gone to him more... thank god they didnt
Wide Right Again::Kobe is the worst thing for his team.  10-26?  His shot selection is horrible.  He only got to the line 4 times?  4?  That tells everyone he is lazy.  The Lakers would be better off to trade him and get a less selfish player on the team.  He does not understand the game which is why he will always be second best to the likes of Magic and Kareem.  He should never be considered on their level let alone Jordan.  He needs to wake up.
coolrtlk::10-26... Kobe needs to wake up? Really? Kobe played 44 minutes, he needs some rest! The BENCH needs to wake up. The Sixers bench scored 49 points to the Lakers 16 last night. Kobe had to play 44 minutes and hoist up 26 shots because the bench did nothing. That is the Lakers main problem, along with the PG position, which is still suspect. The main 3 of Kobe Bynum and Gasol are doing their job fairly well, being mostly consistent, with at least one of them doing well at any given time---it's the people playing around them that aren't pulling their weight. Get off the Kobe hate and look at the WHOLE Laker team, if you do that you will see that the Lakers have a lot of problems beyond Kobe just shooting too much. 26 shots is nothing new for Kobe, he's been shooting like that his whole career. His career shooting  % is around 45-46%, THAT'S NOT THE PROBLEM RIGHT NOW.
crabbymacintosh::Nba is the worst thinks that everything is the refs fault.  Grow up.
crabbymacintosh::Nba is the worst-- "The name is to express my take on the blatant fixed officiating that affects outcomes - like games 5 and 6 of the '06 Finals"  You guys catch that Joey Crawford game last night??
boom.shaka::It's easier to blame the refs than your own team and/or coach.
plummer047::kobes not lazy. your killing him for one bad night. a lot of those forced shots were iso plays called by the coach. im a sixers fan but you have to respect what kobe is and what hes done. the first half was unbelievable. he is the best laker
boom.shaka::Kobe's assists this season are above his career average.
forest39::then pass the rock and dont take impossible shots, usually older players change their game when they cant get the rim to better the team, not to better themselves
boom.shaka::But he can't get the rim as well as he could and hasn't been able to do it for 2-3 years now.  It's called "getting older"....it happens.
Wide Right Again::Kobe is shooting 35 percent from the field in February.  For someone that can get to the rim as well as he can, that is unacceptable.  He needs to go to the basket and stop with the lazy jumper that he usually misses.
plummer047::agreed, in the second half
boom.shaka::Kobe played like cr.ap last night.  It happens.
nba is the worst::Kobe was dealing with home cookin from the refs - lots of contact but no calls
rrt5029::kobe gets more calls than anyone in the league, i dont want to hear about calls.
boom.shaka::Trade Kobe's $30m salary?  How's the weather in fantasy land?
Wide Right Again::Magic has to say that because of his position.  If he was honest, he would say the same things that I do.  Magic is a smart player.
jcmaggi::Ok, then Nate McMillan, Larry Bird, Jerry West, Dirk Nowitzki, Doug Collins, Marc Jackson, Shaq, Kevin Love, etc. all beg to differ with you.
jcmaggi::Magic begs to differ with you
chooch0706::lol
chooch0706::lol
stop the duck::remember giants fans u didnt have a great season just a great playoff run....u lost to vince young lol enough said
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Hey take it easy on Vince Young, i heard Andy Reid has hired him to be the new D-Line coach.
chooch0706::champs!!!!!!! remember u guys called it the dream team hahahhahahah
stop the duck::wildcard and 9-7 teams....read b4 u speak
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Didn't the Giants win their division? They weren't a wild card.
stop the duck::yea super bowls are becoming a meaningless achievement, to many wildcard and 9-7 teams are winning now a days. Too much of the hot team/luck team at the right time winning it starts to cheapen the event and champion.
xvolcom19x::There's only one basketball hero in Philly, and it will always be Wilt.
Quinn1321::Wilt, the doctor, moses, barkely, A.I all heros in my opinion. plus some fan favorites that are mentioned above
forest39::yeah they didnt have argueably the greatest team ever with DR.J, Mose Malone, Mo Cheeks, Bobby Jones, and Andrew Toney, three words, fo, fi, fo
SacredSkrep75::allen iverson!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
crabbymacintosh::and Todd Maculloch!
boom.shaka::Moses Malone, Maurice Cheeks, Bobby Jones
realistic_philly_fan::don't forget Dr J and Barkley
threalReginald::Kobe referred to himself as an Alpha Male. If he was really a top dog like Jordan he would elevate the playing level of his team. He's more like an Alpha bit ch
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Kobe makes his teammates better, how else do you think Pao Gasol gets mentioned in the "Kobe can't win without bigs like Pao Gasol and Shaquille O'Neal?
threalReginald::There is a little some thing called personal power that Kobe lacks. I hate the Celtics by the way but the last Championship they won was handed to them by the Refs. The was the worst Finals I'd ever seen and I'm a Heat fan. If Kobe was a bit more mentally secure you guys would most likely have Howard on your team right now and chance to be relevant in the future. As of now you guys are hanging on by a thread. I guess LAL fans are content to relish Kobe's glorious career for the next 3,4, or 5 years instead of win.
crabbymacintosh::Give Iverson Shaq in his prime and he's winning 3 rings too
crabbymacintosh::Once again...Shaq in his PRIME. Not the Shaq who averaged 17 and 8 on the Suns and had arthritis in his knees and toes.  I really dont know how I can spell this out even more for you. All Star Game MVP means nothing. (btw he shared it with Kobe...so thats ironic)  He was the most dominant center of our time and was completely unstoppable for a few of those years in LA.  Put him on the Sixers instead of Dikembe and the Sixers win 3 rings.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Shaq was the All Star MVP his year with Nash, and then James right after that. You can't just add anyone you want next to Shaq and make it happen. Maybe if you Add Iverson to the LAKERS, but not just next to Shaq. Lakers had Rick Fox, Robert Horry, Fisher, Jackson, etc...
crabbymacintosh::I said Shaq in his prime. The Shaq that was a lock for 30 and 15 in the playoffs and got every opposing big man in foul trouble. So take Nash and Lebron off that list.   And if you are in anyway saying that Penny Hardaway or Eddie Jones is anywhere near Allen Iverson as a player then you have a serious problem.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::They already gave Shaq: Penny Hardaway, Eddie Jones, Steve Nash, Lebron James. He was only able to win with Kobe and a miracle year with Wade. So no, you can't just plug anyone next to Shaq and Win 3 rings.
crabbymacintosh::Kobe has played on some pretty great teams.  Sure hes top 10 all-time.  But he's had no shortage of help other than the smush parker days.
stop the duck::he did for years...he just on the downside of his career and cant play superman every nite
realistic_philly_fan::I guess there is some irony that Kobe got to 5th all time scorer @ philly and lost, after all he is a little rich prep boy from the outskirts of philly. Goes to show you how much we care about our 'hometown' hero... (in case your not from philly, i'll make it clear, we don't give a @#$&amp;* about little prepy boys named Kobe) Wilt the Stilt, a real philly hero, is number 4 and Kobe can never really take that prize cause he did it in a 100 less games than Kobe ever could...
crabbymacintosh::jskudris, spoken like a true suburbanite
jskudris::Barely outside of Philly.
robkaos::Lower Merion is outside Philly anyways. LA can keep Kobe, he doesn't even root for the local teams.
thegameisback1591::I miss Arazia, Farmar,  Brown, and Lamar,hell i even miss Boo-ya Bit.ch
nba is the worst::Ha ha, NICE
Kyrie Irving............ROY::Clippers &gt; Lakers  Deal with it.
boom.shaka::Getting mad at the Clippers is like getting mad at the Special Olympics kids -- they don't get to celebrate much, so best to let them enjoy it while it lasts.
ddolph2822::Skip Bayless just showed his top 10 NBA players of all-time. #3) Shaq. #7)Duncan #9) Kobe. He continues to show he has no business talking sports on TV
jskudris::He does exactly what ESPN wants him to. Gets viewers riled up with stupid comments that keeps them coming back for more. It's like a car crash. It's awful and you don't want to see it, but once you do, you can't look away.
boom.shaka::Time for the Lakers to pull out of the DHoward sweepstakes once and for all.  Extend Bynum and save the amnesty in case he gets hurt.  Move Gasol for bodies and picks.  Trade those bodies and picks (and the pick from Odom) for a lottery pick next year (either banging big man or speedy perimeter) and take their chances in the draft.  Pecking order for 2013: 1) Kobe 2) Bynum 3) Lottery pick
crabbymacintosh::"Billionaire owner can't afford to lose Deron"  He's a billionaire.  He'll be fine.
threalReginald::Didn't you hear Kobe is the reason why a Howard deal didn't go through. You Lakers fans are suffering on a count of Kobe's ego. You guys are well on the road to sub.500 because of Kobe's legacy. You're Welcome
boom.shaka::That's cute.
boom.shaka::I don't care about the Nets, I just don't think Howard is worth both bigs, a pick and taking on Turk's contract - which is what Orlando is asking.  I'd offer either Gasol or Bynum and a pick for Howard and Howard only.  If they say "no", then oh well....
BrianCB1972::Prokorov seems like he has already lost interest in the Nets.
monkeysars4u::the nets will still suck
ddolph2822::I have a feelings Dwights gonna go to Nets. Billionaire owner can't afford to lose Deron, and he's only gonna stay if Dwight comes
boom.shaka::Another sucky loss, but at least they were in position to win instead of getting blown out like earlier in the season.
BrianCB1972::Its good too see two sell-out crowds. I wonder if they are because people are starting to come because the Sixers are winning, or if it was mainly because LA and Miami were in town.   And I know a lot of Sixers fans don't like Kobe, but I do. I watched Jordan's whole career, and have watched Kobe's, and honestly, I think Kobe is just as great as Jordan was.
jskudris::The Sixers' attendance has been up since game one after the new owners have shown an interest in appealing to the fans. Ed Snider couldn't have cared less about the Sixers when he was President. Philly is a great sports town...if you show the fans that you care, they will come.
ddolph2822::I think he'd be the perfect person to ask who's better
BrianCB1972::I don't think its odd. Obviously, Phil Jackson had a lot to do with getting both of these guys to reach the levels they did.
ddolph2822::Ive always said its kinda funny they both had the same coach. but Jordan&gt;Kobe
killahs_ghost::He's not
ddolph2822::Question for you all. Do you think Allen Iverson will be a hall of famer?
MirBay_Watson::Unfortunately, A.I. has been blackballed from the NBA.  Terrell Owens blackballed. So, no. Iverson WON'T get in the HOF. Not as long as the Dictator named Stern is still the commish.  And it will be the biggest crime in the last 30 years of NBA history when it happens. Mark it down.
MistaShock::No doubt
Trollolol123::Your memory is going down hill fast.
Will88088::he also played injured better than most players I can remember.  He alwasy had a partially torn ligament or a sprain somewhere
killahs_ghost::1st ballot
crabbymacintosh::Obviously HOF.    Best little man ever. Single-handedly carried the 01 sixers--an awful team w/o AI--to the finals, and in the process gave the Lakers, one of the best teams in NBA history that year, their first playoff loss.   Also, 3 time scoring champ, MVP  And he's 5'9
boom.shaka::Best Little man ever?  Kids are so cute....
ddolph2822::Yes.
Trollolol123::Let me answer that with another question. Do you think Allen Iversen will be a hall of famer?
lupo1278::The Sixers failed to acknowledge the special achievement.  Why would they? He's not from Philadelphia, he's from the Main Line. He's never played for the Sixers.  Maybe if he wasn't such a d bag they would've gave him a shout out.
jskudris::Cosigned
crabbymacintosh::Kobe has never done anything for the city of Philadelphia except live here for a little while as a kid and go to high school in the ultra-rich suburbs.  No one in Philly considers him a Philadelphian.
Yankees Giants over Red Sox Pats::Tonight Lebron will take over the scoring lead while shooting 56% on the season. Kobe....................44%
boom.shaka::Yep...Kobe sucks alright.  What a loser.
ddolph2822::only because LeBrons not in a situation to be taking the amount of shots he did when he was in cleveland.
mintzerkj4eva::Congrats to Kobe further establishing his career as an all-time great
Trollolol123::You've got 4 different teams in your name? Your loyalty seems divided....
Yankees Giants over Red Sox Pats::Only Laker fans congratulate a player for losing a game! smh
threalReginald::Dude really you are a Heat fan? Cuddling Kobe's balz is a chore for Fake show fans only. They can wallow in Kobe's snake do-do while Howard goes to play for a team where he won't have tip toe around another player's ego.
mintzerkj4eva::Its clearly for going higher on on the scoring list.
mintzerkj4eva::Heat fan and no for losing the game clearly.
rag63top::Ha, that loser Axshoun2323 agreed to a comment earlier about Jordan never had to face someone like DHoward, OKC, or a good NBA team.  Therefor any of his comments are to be completely disregarded due to the fact that he is 15 and has no idea what he is talking about.  He maybe has never heard of Patrick Ewing, Dikembe Mutombo, Karl Malone, Hakeem, Dennis Rodman, just to ramble off a few.    Way to lose any and all credibility Axshoun2323.
boom.shaka::Yep, Jordan faced a lot of great teams and players in the 80s and got his @r$e handed to him.  It wasn't until those guys got old and the league expanded that MJ went on his run.
tbomber2::He lost all credibility when he started capitalizing every $@%!$@% word.  $@%! is un-readable...
Trollolol123::Larry Bird Dude!!! Yeayuh!
chooch0706::E  L  I !!!!!!!!!! NOT THE DOG KILLER!!!!!!!!!!!
jskudris::WTF does this have to do with the NBA? How are those Knicks doing?
ddolph2822::I must say as a Philadelphia sports fan I was rooting for Eli hard. Funny how Pats haven't won a Super Bowl since they got caught cheating...
chooch0706::wanna see what it looks like to be a CHAMP TURN ON THE NEWS!!!!!!!!
jskudris::Why? Are the Knicks playing? Oh, wait...that's a "paper champion."
chooch0706::NO THE EAGLES HAHAHHAHAHHAHAHA
WeAreWhoWeThoughtTheyWere::the Giants?
chooch0706::the philly choke wil come soon !!!!!!! the dream team ????? hahhahhahah
ddolph2822::Any team ran by Any Reid doesn't count.
crabbymacintosh::Haters keep hating.  Sixers keep winning.
crabbymacintosh::then as an NBA analyst do some research and read some comments and articles about the Sixers.   All the talk is that they are a fluke and given their schedule have no place among top NBA teams such as the Lakers or Bulls (hating)  Yet they continue to beat these good teams (Winning)
crabbymacintosh::No one has given the Sixers any credit this season--other than Hollinger-- and look at the message boards for that...all people saying he is dumb for ranking the Sixers highly.  "The Sixers havent beaten anyone".  "They play at home".  Blah Blah Blah     So, yes, lots of people are hating on the Sixers.    nba is the worst...just by your name it is clear you know nothing.
nba is the worst::Lifetime player, now NBA analyst as well.  Not confused in the slightest.
crabbymacintosh::yet you still take time out of your day to comment on NBA games?   You seem confused.
nba is the worst::The name is to express my take on the blatant fixed officiating that affects outcomes - like games 5 and 6 of the '06 Finals
chooch0706::HAHAHHAHAHAH
Trollolol123::They should collect a donation for us :D
chooch0706::ALL U PHILLY FANS SHOULD ALL COLLECT A DONATION FOR IVERSON !!!!!!!!!!!
Trollolol123::Or everyone does
nba is the worst::Dumb.  No one "hates" the 76ers
WeAreWhoWeThoughtTheyWere::The Sixers will choke like every other Philadelphia team since the beginning of my 24 years of life
ddolph2822::what'd you die in 2008?
Buck0212::Lakers @ Celtics Thursday on tnt 8:00pm.  Watch it because it is going to be a very good game.
ddolph2822::$@%! the celtics. go lakers
