bamberg1977::I dont mind the Pistons losing. But its scary to know this bad when they're actually trying.
supremekid912::Hope this Pacers team can beat the Heat in the playoffs
weeks98::who doesnt
iownamicrowave::The Pacers will fight for America in he battle against the Heat!
tweederbsu::ESPN knows they can talk about the Pacers too right?  I've never seen a #2 team in a conference and top 4-5 team in the league get next to zero coverage!  But I guess it's bigger news that MJ is now 50 and a week old today!
jrwskw::Read the game  story on the ejection.
pacerpride35::Thanks to Will Bynum, I now know the difference between a Flagrant 1 and a Flagrant 2.
Taco with a Q::Pacers are now ranked 24th in offense,  I cant beleive Im happy about that lol
fishfan027::Wow i didnt think the pacers board would be this dead
iownamicrowave::it's 1 am fishface
crtech39::Indiana allowed 100 pt to the Trail Blazers wile only scoring 80 pt on them.. What kind of team losses by 20 to Portland?
ngabrek::Dont even need to talk about other teams beating each other. 2-0 this season head to head.
Taco with a Q::Just how you lost to these Pistons right??  Yep
Area55andG2::were you aware the heat lost to wizards?
iownamicrowave::if this is an attempt at trolling, sorry man, but it is realllly bad ttrolling.
indianaboy91::OH MY GOD, THEY MENTIONED THE PACERS IN THE OPENING SEQUENCE OF SPORTCENTER...THE WORLD MUST BE COMING TO AN END
WolverinesWR23::Damn it feels good to be a Hoosier!
WolverinesWR23:::D
fishfan027::CAP LOCKS!!
fishfan027::=)
Area55andG2::this guy^ he's adorable.
Rexanilatorz::THE LAKERS WEREN'T PLAYING THAT IS WHY
Taco with a Q::Golden State is our next opponent, I hope Jarret Jack doesnt torch us again like he did last time.  He sure caught fire last night against the Spurs as well
JollySwagman27::Go Pacers!
Cryoniclime::If Pacers were to get to the Finals I think they'd win it all, I don't think anyone in the west could beat the Pacers 4 times
Jake2020::I think the Pacers would take the Thunder, Spurs, not so much.
hoops 112hoping::Spurs would beat us in 6. Thunder in about that much as well unless Hibbert shows up. idk about a Clippers matchup because we haven't faced them
Cryoniclime::Spurs maybe, not the Thunder
Rexanilatorz::Two things I would like to see improve in the next few games are Paul George has to limit his turnovers he has been turning the ball over a lot lately and Roy Hibbert fouling out in 20 minutes is unacceptable
OlBoyP::paul george needing to limit his turnovers is nothing new.
cali_coltsfan::thats just the way he is
Rexanilatorz::Him and Lance try to get to cute with the ball sometimes instead of just passing it normal but I guess that is normal with young players
Taco with a Q::Esp when the game is out of hand, Lance does try to put on a circus act indeed
cali_coltsfan::roy needs to score and the turnovers need to stop ur right
Area55andG2::I've gone all out heat philly board to argue with heat fans haha
fishfan027::Hey good to see you again. I hope you enjoyed the heat board and I hope that all of us were kind and welcoming to you
cali_coltsfan::and your a cavs fan what are u doing
ndaba9044::its okay im here aruging with ya;ll too :)
cali_coltsfan::me too
indianaboy91::Odds we get to the #1 seed?
ndaba9044::15%
Cryoniclime::I think 2 is as high as we're getting
cali_coltsfan::low
indianaboy91::Im thinking around 30%
Jerry West.::No wait, if the Pacers win the Finals, the top headline wil read, "Kobe and LeBron attended game 7, texted about dinner selections during lackluster 98-97 Thunder loss."
iownamicrowave::Actually met susan Boyle at a steve winwood concert few years back... quite the lover i will say.  Always will remember the summer of 09
A Depressed Milwaukee Bucks Fan 2.0::<b>Breaking News: Manti Te'o dating Susan Boyle.</b>
Rexanilatorz::I'm sticking with my prediction of Pacers-Spurs finals
Robdee999::I'm going to sleep...Peace out Peoplez...See you Jazzy Cats on the 26th against Golden State which beat us last game so this one matters more and when it matters PG and West step it up a notch. Hopefully Granger shakes the cobwebs...
indianaboy91::David West is the only player over 30 on this team, going to be a fun next few years.
Taco with a Q::Pacers always struggle in MIL for whatever reason
cali_coltsfan::pistons
A Depressed Milwaukee Bucks Fan 2.0::Enjoy it. I know one team you'll get 4 free wins against every year.
A Depressed Milwaukee Bucks Fan 2.0::I appreciate your gratitude but my optimism has run out.We need to clean house and start over.
indianaboy91::Optimism man! At least you guys got rid of he who shall not be named(KS)
A Depressed Milwaukee Bucks Fan 2.0::Bobcats. Magic. Wizards. Bucks.
Cryoniclime::I can think of a couple teams
Robdee999::lmao....
A Depressed Milwaukee Bucks Fan 2.0::Pacers will be Americas team in the playoffs.
ndaba9044::nope not easy to beat a team that gets to the finals :-)
LosHeatSonLosMejores24::Go Heat :)
indianaboy91::enough with the gd smiley faces
ndaba9044::i agree but its hard to beat a team with 3 players :) or 2 cause lebron wasn't playing
A Depressed Milwaukee Bucks Fan 2.0::It should have been easy because all Dallas had was one big white German and a women beater.
ndaba9044::its okay heat play better when everyone is rooting agaisnt them :)
A Depressed Milwaukee Bucks Fan 2.0::Except the Mavs.
A Depressed Milwaukee Bucks Fan 2.0::I remember seeing that. To bad Stern didn't give America what they wanted.
Area55andG2::did you see the sportsnation poll of who america was rooting for in the ind vs mia series, 49 states for pacers and 50/50 for florida
indianaboy91::Anyone who plays the Heat is America's team haha
Taco with a Q::I will never understand the ups and downs of the Pacers offense lol, thank god we are still the top defensive team however
Robdee999::I can agree. I'm glad our defense is consistent and our offense is blazing when we decide we want to play it. I just think this game they really didn't care much for.
Area55andG2::woah pacers getting large support on the heat philly board.
hoops 112hoping::Dang this has no real relevance to this board but I've been saying it all year, Otto Porter is awesome. Dropped 33 out of his team's 57 points on 19 freaking field goal attempts with 8 boards and 5 steals against a top ten team in Cuse. top 5 pick this year, kinda reminds me of Batum/PG mold except lacking the latter's freak hops/athleticism.
cali_coltsfan::but long and tall and stronger than he looks he is a beast ur right
dpm81::G'nite yall
ndaba9044::night man
Area55andG2::good night
Jerry West.::Pacers 4 Thunder 3  NBA Finals.... I can see the headlines now, "Thunder lose, hoping to getanother shot next year... Miami an LeBron will be extra hungry as well."
Rams23232323::I can see Howard sign with the championship team
Robdee999::THAT WILL NOT BE THE HEADLINES.....THE HEADLINES WILL READ  Why Miami lost to the Pacers ? Sources: Howard resigning with Lakers Rose says he will comeback when he is 500% Ready Pacers beat Thunder 4-3: Frank Vogel COY Tim Tebow Ready for the new season
cali_coltsfan::spurs got beat by memphis a couple years ago like swept
ndaba9044::james harden played a big part in that series i doubt kevin martin can do that...and 2players wont be able to beat spurs
cali_coltsfan::how did that go for the spurs last year and the year before they are old and wear out by playoff time, there  skip
ndaba9044::thunder will lose 4-0 to spurs my friend...
Area55andG2::nah they'd win 4-2 or something like last year
ndaba9044::if rose was healthy do you think pacers woulda beat the bulls 4/7? im not sure but its just my opinion :-)
cali_coltsfan::why better than pacers heat series
ndaba9044::because it'll be more competitive :)
ndaba9044::it would be an interesting matchup tho, much better than heat/pacers in IMO
Taco with a Q::Bulls and Pacers would go to 7 games, it could go either way honestly
cali_coltsfan::they could team up on rose with hill and Dj
cali_coltsfan::yes they have one player which is rose PG would take Deng and west or roy could handle boozer
hoops 112hoping::it all depends on Paul George's defense on Derrick Rose which I haven't seen in a while.
Area55andG2::regarding the 3 point shooters,  the Pacers were really unfortunate to not acquire JJ Reddick. the Magic took a worse deal with the Bucks over what the Pacers offered. The bench would have been alot better. And Milwaukee  will just waste him.  Orlando's front office has been idiotic to say the least with the recent deals they've made.
dpm81::Skiles kinda wore his welcome out didn't he? It's too bad, I think he's a good x's and o's coach but he definitely has a time table with players before they start to tune him out.
A Depressed Milwaukee Bucks Fan 2.0::His coaching style isn't suited for the NBA level so you're right in regards to him wearing out his welcome. It doesn't help that the team is in no way built to win.
dpm81::@A Depressed Milwaukee Bucks Fan 2.0, good thing I wasn't taking a drink, I just spit up laughing.
A Depressed Milwaukee Bucks Fan 2.0::Lol. Glad I could oblige.
dpm81::@Area55andG2, giving up DJ our backup PG is a bit much I think, don't you agree?
Area55andG2::true. The point guard duo is very useful
dpm81::Yeah, I don't know. I don't mind seeing HBrough go, and definitely Green, but I like having a true quarterback on the bench.
Area55andG2::Yes, but in the end I think he would be worth it. We would slide Stephenson to the backup pg, Pendergraph resumes Hansbro's position, Reddick takes backup sg.
A Depressed Milwaukee Bucks Fan 2.0::This post is depressing.
A Depressed Milwaukee Bucks Fan 2.0::Lol.
dpm81::In this small post right here, I just became acquainted with 3/8 of the Bucks fanbase. I might as well know them all.
A Depressed Milwaukee Bucks Fan 2.0::He is a Bucks fan so he can't feel good. I know I don't in regards to that team.
Robdee999::A Depressed Milwaukee Bucks Fan 2.0 - I'm 1/8 of the fanbase.  I know another Bucks fan. He told me PG sucked last year and I told him he will be the star of the team when I was dunking on him with PG in 2k12. I wonder what he thinks now...
A Depressed Milwaukee Bucks Fan 2.0::I'm 1/8 of the fanbase.
dpm81::Milwaukee has fans?
rk6326::When Bird left, the Pacers stopped going after all the white players.
ndaba9044::what did pacers offer them? but i agree reddick woulda been a terrific addition
Area55andG2::DJ, Hansbro, Gerald Green pretty much the bench.
rk6326::Even if Paul George had a triple-double ESPN would not have covered it one bit.
dpm81::Cowherd is a $@%!$@. Indianapolis is not Racist.............now Greenfield, I'm not so sure.
Drew6855::They still wouldn't get covered, Stern and ESPN hate small market teams.
ndaba9044::do you think the pacers wouldnt be getting coverage if they had one of the greatest players of all time?
rk6326::Probably not. ESPN and Colin Cowherd think we are racist.
dpm81::Are you referring to the Heat? Because before the big 3 every played their first game together, ESPN created a section called Heat Check. It didn't take a championship for that team to get its fair share of coverage.
ndaba9044::if pacers where reigning champs maybe they would be getting more coverage :-)
dpm81::ESPN is too busy licking on the Lakers, Knicks and Heat. Just look at the Spurs. They are the most successful team in the last 10 years and they still don't get coverage.
rk6326::Heck he could have put up 100 and the headline would have been: George scores a lot of points and Pacers win.
Jerry West.::A 50-20-20 night would've been ignored.
Robdee999::Pending Avatar Approval....
ndaba9044::pacers better hope heat 3point shooters wont be as hot in the playoffs or they will have to adapt to small ball :-) and we all know who it favors most
dpm81::I appreciate your good attitude, but some of the things you say amaze me. PG who is our wing averages 8 rebounds a game. Take Hibbert out and we can still outrebound most teams.
Drew6855::Heat have no chance against Pacers this year in playoffs...
ndaba9044::nope pacers wont be able to rebound with small ball...
Jerry West.::Your team is the best at small ball. However it would be fun to see Hill, Stephenson, Granger, George, and West as our version of small-ball.
dpm81::Seriously? Have you seen what the Pacers have done recently playing small ball? Why do you think Hibbert is all of the sudden only playing 20 minutes a game? I agree Heat can run, but I wouldn't necessarily count the Pacers as a dramatic underdog here.
Area55andG2::the heat were lucky to get production from the bench in the finals. It would have been a tighter series if the heat bench played how they normally did
ndaba9044::lol what game are you talking about? it was just one game bro where mike miller went off :-) and dont say battier cause he was a starter :-)
The Frozen Corpse Of Leonardo DiCaprio::<b>Pacers.</b>
Jerry West.::Two keys as to why the Pacers have a better chance beating the Heat than they did last year:  1) No longer is it all on Hibbert down low, the Heat began getting him in foul trouble last year and we were stuck with Amundson. In game 4 we were outrebounded by 9 and gave up 50 points in the paint. In game 5 we were outrebounded by 14 and gave up 46 points in the paint. 2) Miami can't score on us on the fast-break this year, the team can play so much quicker now. Last year they killed us in the playoffs on fast-break points.. .this year they've combined for 8 in two games.
The Frozen Corpse Of Leonardo DiCaprio::<b>"What iz factz? U mad bro?"  Heat Fans</b>
Area55andG2::well said
dpm81::This is what I like, a man that brings facts rather than intangible opinions.
lboogie737::Later....  Taco Master jerry  Hoosier Micro Master Area rjb9rc
Jerry West.::ttyl
The Frozen Corpse Of Leonardo DiCaprio::<b>Roy Hibbert is garbage. Pacers should have not resigned him and used that cap room to add more depth.</b>
lboogie737::Pacers D = Roy
Area55andG2::I know this is the complaint of every team's fans but the Pacers legitimately get screwed consistently by the refs.
dpm81::Ha you think? We were the victims of the worst play call in history, the infamous 4 pt play.
dpm81::Am I the only one that was liking the development of Pendergraph? I don't know why he's gone back to the bench. I realize every player can't get playing time, but Tyler is sooo freaking predictable and he's a black hole. Doesn't even know there is such a thing as an assist in Basketball.   Maybe I'm the only one, but I cringe when Hansbrough gets the ball. I know he brings energy, but Pendergraph seems to have a much better all around skill set.
Area55andG2::He is a breath of fresh air. It's unfortunate he's playing PF because if he was a SF or something he would be getting decent minutes
bubulldog141::Pistons got beat up the last two nights... surprised their fans didn't try to fight back
dpm81::Did you see what Mike Wells reported? Said some classy Pistons fan who had no teeth was screaming at David West as he was walking to the locker room "YOU STILL SUCK DAVID WEST".   Classy I tell ya........
lboogie737::That don't seem to end well for the fans.
iownamicrowave::I'm watching
lboogie737::Me too.
Area55andG2::Heat fans may note that our backup center was Lou Amundson, who is nothing in comparison to Ian Mahimni this year
dpm81::BTW, I loved big Lou....but he definitely was undersized.
dpm81::Ha I don't know why I said GG. LOL
dpm81::Gerald Green is serving as a great bench warmer......
dpm81::I didn't mean Gerald Green, I meant DJ
Area55andG2::I was going to say, when was the last time someone thought highly of GG's game? haha
Jerry West.::lol, never mind
dpm81::Another thing they fail to think about is Lance Stephenson is a legitimate player at the 2. I'm not talking about an old washed up Leandro Barbosa who can't play D, or Dahntay Jones who can't score. And Gerald Green is starting to serve as a quality backup PG
Jerry West.::Do you mean Green's passes off the rim?
Jerry West.::Amundson was like a poor man's Hansbrough.
Jerry West.::I swear, Heat fans couldn't say something nice about another team if they wanted to... they're just that stupid and arrogant.
ndaba9044::i have been nice about the pacers :-) what i disagree with is that they will win the game on the perimeter no way :) paint will be where its at if they are to win
Area55andG2::the Pacers have at least proven this year they can be par with the heat perimeter. Though the playoffs are another level
Area55andG2::this guy has been fine, but I agree the grand majority have low intelligence
Jerry West.::Alright yeah, but I made one mention of PG almost getting a triple-double and they couldn't wait to make fun of him.
Area55andG2::If the Pacers are to beat Mia in a 7 game series, the frontcourt has to play well. We're going to have to shove our advantage down Mia's throat like it was going out of style. And solid bench play, which as the season goes on, looks possible
Mike42267::"We're"...?  when did you start playing for the pacers?
ndaba9044::grow up mike.
ndaba9044::thanks thats what i said, only way pacers have a chance is when they pound heat inside but by the way Hibbert is playing this yr hmmmm i doubt west can carry the load on his own.
lboogie737::yeah, He's only been doing it all season. But don't let that Bullrush, Travel, Charge, get in the way of reality?
Area55andG2::Hibbert's slack will be picked up by the emergence of Pauli and Lance Stephenson and Ian Mahimni
lboogie737::Face it, W/O the refs the Heat don't stand a chance against the Pacers in the playoffs.
ndaba9044::valid argument bro :-)
Taco with a Q::However I hope the Pacers finally get over the bump
Taco with a Q::They def stand a chance, I will NEVER count out any defending champions till the last second ticks
Taco with a Q::We will never know, but thats a thing in the past
lboogie737::W/O the refs last yr, Pacers 4-2.
Jerry West.::The new flopping rules definitely help US.
Taco with a Q::That I couldnt agree more with
Area55andG2::Good to see Paul really productive today with Granger back in the lineup, even if it wasn't his best scoring night. 2 assists away from a trip-dub
masterjoe712::After watching Granger today it might take him the rest of the season to get in form for the playoffs and if that's the case I feel that he should remain coming off the bench
dpm81::He'll be alright. Remember he didn't practice all summer and then came in the last preseason game on fire. He's a rhythm shooter. He missed stuff he normally makes in his sleep. Give him a week and you'll see his stuff start to drop.
HoosierHype06::I don't know about the whole year, I think it will take about a month
Taco with a Q::I agree, I think he would understand (one would think) cause Lance has earned the SG spot
Jerry West.::Go to the recap video at 0:18... lol how many steps was that?
Taco with a Q::Pacers have outscored their opponents by 108 the past 4 games, most by any stretch in the NBA by any team this season.  I bet money (not really betting, so dont lick your chops gamblers) that ESPN wont say jack sh.it about that
HoosierHype06::Heat fans? Who is gonna guard George? If it's Wade George can just shoot over him with ease, if Wade guards Granger it will turn into post-up city
dpm81::Dude, PG can D up Wade all night long, much like he did when held him to 6 in game 2 last year. Like I said in my comment below, I'm not saying he will shut him down, but we both know he's more than capable of D'ing him up. Probably more capable than anyone in the league at this point.
ndaba9044::u act like PG doesnt have to guard wade smh...and yes i agree george had improved loads
dpm81::And, no one can use last years playoffs as a sample because Paul George simply was not the player he is this year. He's a marked improved player and an All-Star, this is not the same team the Heat faced last year.
dpm81::I agree, I am not going to say he can't play defense, but at his age he'll have problems with both oversized wings.
Jerry West.::LOL BiaSPN still has the same Lakers article up since early morning.... did they call in sick today?
dpm81::Pacers fans, your thoughts please. At this point, we don't need Big Roy as a scoring Center. But he definitely needs to start getting those 12-15 rbs per game with 2-3 blocks like he was doing last year in the playoffs. This team is very similarly built like the 2004 Pistons. Ben Wallace was all rebounds and defense. There was enough scoring from the other 4.   He's gotta bring his rebounds up badly for the playoffs.
dpm81::Wade has had knee problems all career which are worsening every season. I'm pretty sure the last person Wade wants to see for 7 games is a 6'9 guard staring at him with an equal wingspan and speed.
ndaba9044::first of all wade had a knee problem but what happened in the other games at your own place? :-) i didnt denythat  george is better compared to last yr though
Area55andG2::Yes, and Wade's numbers have dropped this year along with the injury and his aging. He's still an all-star, but he's prone to being brick city just as much as anyone else is.
dpm81::Are you serious? PG won't be able to guard Wade? Paul George held him to 6 points in game 2 last year. Are you forgetting that? PG is one of the, if not the best perimeter defender in the league. I'm not saying he'll shut him down, but if anyone can guard old man Wade, PG can.   Paul George is not even close to the same player he was last year.
ndaba9044::didnt pacers outrebound miami last yr? my memory tells me they did :-) PG wont be able to guard wade either :-) and i dont need to bring up DG's D
Area55andG2::Wade doesn't have to be guarded on maybe 2 of the nights of a 7 game series because the Pacers defense will aggravate him. And when he slumping, he slumps bad. He's absolute trash at that point
dpm81::I respected your opinion until you said you win games by scoring and not rebounding. Rebounding leads to second chance points and fast breaks which is scoring. And anytime you get outrebounded by 20, there's a good chance you will not win that game.
ndaba9044::i didnt forget about west as a matter of fact i did say he will be the best  player for indiana when they face miami in playoffs :-) unless if spo plays joel anthony but i doubt he will cause it'll mess up our offence :)
dpm81::Whoever Wade ends up guarding will have a chance to go off. He'll either have to guard DG or PG, and I don't think he can guard either anymore.
Area55andG2::he doesn't necessarily have to get going, but it would be nice to see. Remember we have 2 other 8+ rebounders on the team plus Granger's career average of 5
dpm81::I'm telling you all, the Cers outrebounded the Heat by 20 in one of their games this season. If they do that in the Playoffs, common math will tell you the Heath will have a serious time winning that series.
ndaba9044::you win games but scoring not rebounding, heat get out rebounded most nights but they still win :-)
Jerry West.::If he could hold back opponent's offensive rebounds it would be great.
ndaba9044::im sorry but you will need hibbert to score vs heat, george/granger wont average 20 vs lebron/wade :-) if hibbert averages less than 10, you're toast :-)
ndaba9044::Taco with a Q - You being a Cavs AND Heat fan says it all  yes i am a cavs and heat fan cause im from akron :-) hope that helps
Taco with a Q::You being a Cavs AND Heat fan says it all
lboogie737::She just started watching basketball (ndaba9044) Please forgive Her.
dpm81::You must have forgot about David West. Most people do.
dpm81::His rebounding was atrocious and that's what we need the most from him.
masterjoe712::I am not worried about rebounds as much because Paul George is an elite rebounder at his position.
masterjoe712::Yeah but Paul is so good that it won't be a huge concern. He just needs to shoot a high percentage and be a defensive anchor.
dpm81::Yeah but think if Roy increased his in to double digits. Then you are outrebounding the Heat by 20 in a game. It's hard to win a game being outrebounded like that.
lboogie737::Agree 100%
lboogie737::I don't know bro, Tonite he wasn't half bad.
Jerry West.::"D-Rose is  gonna score 45 points on 14-22 shooting and 12 assists on his first night back.... and be his MVP-self after two games because he's not going to be rusty AT ALL... because he's a god."  -- Bulls fans
cali_coltsfan::can we get to 1500 comments
dpm81::I just hope Danny will accept his new role. Danny can shoot, no question about it, and with him we don't need a JJ Reddick, but we need him to play that role of sharpshooter NOT VOLUME SHOOTER! He's not longer the focal point of this offense nor should be. I hope he can accept that and learn his roll is that 15-20 foot jump shot to keep the defense off Big Roy and David West!
ndaba9044::dw about hibbert he averages 9 and 8...he was just playing for a pay rise last yr :)
dpm81::Man, I hope you are wrong. All signs point to him being a very very hard word worker regardless of paycheck, but this season definitely hasn't been the same. See my comment above and tell me what you think.
dpm81::Paul is becoming as good if not better outside threat than Danny, but you have to think that has only been in the last 20-25 games. Danny has been doing it for several years now, and demanding respect from defenses out there. I just hope Danny doesn't think he has to be the center of the offense. I think Vogel is a good enough coach he can manage those personalities but we'll see.
cali_coltsfan::your right i didnt look at it like that more outside shooting would open all that up for him to work
dpm81::Yeah, I agree. I do think that some of Roy's success last year came from Danny's long ball though. And until just recently the Cers long ball hasn't been consistent.
cali_coltsfan::off roy more like  off PG
cali_coltsfan::the lakers didnt even play tonight and their front page of the nba part of espn where are the pacers with our two double digit wins in a row and three if you count the sorry $@% knicks
bumcentral::last 9 are by an average of 20 a game...last 4 by 27 a game
