lazoodo::Watching Lamar play helped me remember my uncle's birthday (he's old and way past his prime).
JasonCalabasas::Clips are going to win the west. Especially if Crawford plays at this level!
shinji357::Went to the game last night and all I have to say is say good bye to Aldridge. There is no way he stays after his contract is up.
ClipsAngelsChargers07::Lakers fire coach brown.
ClipsAngelsChargers07::It was a ploy to get all the Laker Trolls outta here!!!
Ustna5::who cares... they are still OLD and still BROKEN DOWN with no bench AT ALL
BarrelRider04::Wow, IF Jordan can play like he has in the last two games on a regular basis than the Clips are going to be very tough. That is a big IF, though......
JWayMac42::LA CLIPPERS cut your loses because Lamar Odom is DONE FINISHED and a check collector!!!
JasonCalabasas::He's 0 for 5 lol
lakers_most_over-rated team of old has beens::Jamal Crawford is the most underrated player in the NBA.
have you seen my teddy bear::looking forward to the western playoffs...shiz is gonna get intense
Brooklynborn76er::CP3 took it 2 da rook last nite! He's a very young and upcoming PG thou!I like his game as well! But Portaland just shoots 2 many Jumpers!
kobe built the staples center with his bricks...::<b>NBA Finals: Clippers over Heat in 6.  LeBron is a beast, but the Clippers can match or even surpass the Heat's depth, and are stacked at the Heat's problem areas (point guard, center).</b>
VikomnLA::Lakers lose to Portland by 10. Clippers clobber Portland by 13.  Who is the better LA team, and who has the better coach again.....  Lakers must fire Mike Brown and hire Jerry Sloan.
oczonie::Well, they did the firing.  The Clippers winning pushed them into the inevitable.
Ustna5::After being a loyal die hard fan of the Clippers for over 20yrs, I deserve the right to gloat all I want right now. I love this team.
JasonCalabasas::You mean the 0 for 5 Odom?
ADubz23::/\/\/\/\   hater Laker troll with no high diploma? Yeah, think so.
roiQuiao::LOL wcf? Dilusional clipper fans!
The Logical One::I saw a team full of flaws, Portland almost came back and won this game. Portland is a lottery team. It's going to be hard to watch them this season. But the best thing for them is that they go back into the lottery. And they almost brought it back. I'm not sure how the Clippers get past the Thunder, Mavericks, and if they can get their act together. The Lakers. Also Houston isn't a slouch this year either.
WareTheTDsAt::it was a classic second have up by 21 take it easy start... it happens... but they pulled it off
ZoomOnDatYamaha::really looks like the clippers are going to be good for years. Everyone wants to play here. The only challenge is the heat. We will be so much better come playoff time, i dont see why we wont make it to at least wcf
ZoomOnDatYamaha::im with you. Team is down right scary and we haven't even reached our potential
ZoomOnDatYamaha::odom actually ballin with bledsoe and crawford wow!!! thats just the bench
Ustna5::I can't even imagine this team with an in shape Odom. Not to mention the leadership that Billups and Hill will provide on the floor.
Ustna5::Not even close...
ZoomOnDatYamaha::rosa acosta
ZoomOnDatYamaha::clippers vs heat 2013 finals
HEAT_FAN_SINCE_2012::Not another easy championship
Idris5249::bandwagon b.i.t.c.h^^
TheWyseWon::Clippers should be getting more love on these boards.  An artcile about Kobe starring at Brown gets more posts than the #1 team in LA winning a game.
Yes I am Right Youre Wrong::Poor Clippers, they finally get better than Lakers and may have a shot at making a run for the title and the world is going to end on 12/21/2012
cheek241::Lol
beergoggles45::I feel like I'm in bizzarro world since the Clippers are in first place and the Lakers are in last.
AussieRaven52::As a Lakers fan, got to admit, this Clippers team is loaded WITHOUT Billups and Grant Hill.  OKC will have trouble with this depth - No Harden to come off bench and spark by himself. HEAT will be matched by the depth too - Very interesting prospect
Realroca::As a Laker fan, I can tell you we do it when we're are trying to make a point that doesn't exactly mesh with the rest of the Laker fanbase, or when we're being critical of the team.
Lobcity.....win....::Wtf its so annoying when People say as a lakers fan etc why u say that ?? To get more trust or what.... GO BLAKE SHOW
Wallace.peoples@gmail.com::The Clippers play both the Heat and OKC with in the Month. I don't think there are minutes for Grant Hill(whom I really like). They are certainly one of the best teams in the League
Mightymoose02::Is it just me or the Clippers sorta remind me of the mid to late 1990s Supersonics.   Hall of Fame PG (Chris Paul-Gary Payton) surrounded by really good veteran talent and shooters. The second best player happens to be the best power dunker of that era. (Shawn Kemp-Blake Griffin).   If some of you are too young... Hersey Hawkins and Detlef Shrempf were very solid NBA players. They both shot near 50% and were always near 40% from threes at their peaks. For the Sonics, they were good for 15+ per game as #3 and #4 guys. Sam Perkins wasn't too shabby either. Undersized center but good shooter from outside.
hatchkelsocross::Now it's definitely a big FACT that the Clippers are better than the Lakers. They have beaten the Lakers at Staples Center and they did what the Lakers didn't do in Portland and that is show up and play. . . I blame Mike Brown in all if this.
Brad Holiday::your so dumb did you just say they beat the lakers at staples center... they share the stadium...
BRAY5150::BTW its not called a stadium its an arena
Wallace.peoples@gmail.com::"I'm going on the record right now," O'Neal said. "Best center in the West right now, DeAndre Jordan. Best center in the West."     Shaq is an Idiot.. Im not sure which is worse Trumps hatred of President Obama or Shaq's hatred of Dwight Howard. It's sad that TNT keeps this knucklehead in front of a camera. It's just slapstick which is really unfortunate because some of us who watch TNT enjoy intelligent Basketball converstation and don't enjoy or appreciate the  Carnival Barker called Shaq. I don't watch Fox news because of it's "anything but Obama" attitude maybe it's time to stop watching TNT.
Excelscior1::Unfortunately, I'm not sure TNT or the NBA channel will get rid of Shaq because of his name and over sized personality and ego. Agreed, he's too shamelessly into himself, and he's not even funny or entertaining. Half the time, you can't even understand what he saying (though I think I'm understanding him better this year). He drags down, and otherwise excellent team.
Realroca::I think he's a little less obnoxious this year, i really thought he messed up Inside the NBA last year, but i enjoyed the show last week.
Wallace.peoples@gmail.com::Im surprised they allow it.....
AussieRaven52::Its quite obvious. Shaq is so obnoxious at times.  Have you watched NBA Open Court? He ruins the chemistry of that show.
STEVE_NASH_IS_38_YEARS_OLD_BUT_LOOKS_MORE_LIKE_A_50_YEAR_OLD::just smoking weed and having a good time you guys
tomBabauts::Wiz Khalifa and Snoop Lion?
Kobelies247::Owell, good game clips.... Now its time to go back being a somewhat Blazer fan....Sigh
underpiker::I followed Jamal Crawford in his prime, he's that player in the playground that embarrassed everyone...EVERYONE
LobCityCP32BG32::nah dude...that was me
teethmold148::Seattle's finest!
JasonCalabasas::Jamal Crawford is going to win the 6th man award easy this year.
LobCityCP32BG32::at this rate...mvp?...comeback player?
teethmold148::@milkman your commentary makes me laugh bro
THE_DRUNK_PSYCHIC::being complemented by a complete imbecile is no real complement
Milkman. 17::it's funny that you are calling someone an imbecile when you don't even know the difference between "compliment" and "complement"
Milkman. 17::thanks man! good to know someone here has common sense
STEVE_NASH_IS_38_YEARS_OLD_BUT_LOOKS_MORE_LIKE_A_50_YEAR_OLD::Deandre Jordan best center in LA
LobCityCP32BG32::and then ryan hollins right?
STEVE_NASH_IS_38_YEARS_OLD_BUT_LOOKS_MORE_LIKE_A_50_YEAR_OLD::than  ronny turiaf
Shoot1st Ask Laker::Big BOOTYS!!
teethmold148::I'm a white guy that loves big booty Latinas, and PAWGS! Addicted!
teethmold148::Dude look up Mal Malloy, you'd love her!
Shoot1st Ask Laker::LOL i cant get enough myself
Milkman. 17::if you were to ask me if i'd eat dinner in a bathroom that kate upton diarrhead in and left it in the toilet... i'd reply... yes.
THE_DRUNK_PSYCHIC::cuz youre 15, and will lose your virginity to a prostitute who makes fun of your small unit and gives you gonorrhea
ubeking::THE_DRUNK_PSYCHIC - cuz youre 15, and will lose your virginity to a prostitute who makes fun of your small unit and gives you gonorrhea  don't threaten me with a good time
Milkman. 17::i'm 21 and i knocked your girlfriend out by coc.kslapping her in the face
Kobelies247::Kate Upton or Leryn Franco?
Shoot1st Ask Laker::Its all bout big bootys for me!!
teethmold148::I agree with you on that! Look up Mal Malloy, she's the epitome of that!
LobCityCP32BG32::is that novak's girl?
ubeking::VERONICA MOSER&gt;&gt;&gt;
ubeking::LobCityCP32BG32 - not cool man  LOL
LobCityCP32BG32::not cool man
Kobelies247::u got issues
teethmold148::I was looking at some smokin hot Latin chick, who might have them both beat. Sagia Castenda!
teethmold148::Different strokes for different folks, I think she's hot!
Kobelies247::Shes kinda nasty dude... sorry
Minnysota Vikings::Both LA teams have a Blake on their team, and I'm not sure which one is worse.
Realroca::i thought KLove got plenty of attention last year, he just might've been a little overshadowed by Ricky Rubio.
LobCityCP32BG32::you're kidding me right? steve blake should not be in the nba
LobCityCP32BG32::and watching perkins and gasol getting raped is much more exciting...you gotta admit that...much love for Klove though
LobCityCP32BG32::well...it's hard for the media to report on a team not making the playoffs...with success comes fame
Minnysota Vikings::I was referring more to last year. Griffin got much more attention despite Love having the better year. It's just because Love cant' dunk like Griffin can.
LobCityCP32BG32::but love isn't even playing...what do you want the media to do? talk about love's rehab?
Minnysota Vikings::Yeah I'm just kidding. I just like to give Griffin a hard time like alot of Twolves fans because of how much more publicity he gets than Love.
teethmold148::
Shoot1st Ask Laker::From now on all toiletes shall be called Mike Browns. That is all, carry on.
LobCityCP32BG32::dude...you're too late...I called them that last year
Shoot1st Ask Laker::You have no say on this as you are not a Laker fan. Send him to the dungeon!!
tomBabauts::I thought I won't see the day that the Clippers will have a better start than the Lakers.   Dec. 21, 2012.
Ustna5::Clips had a better record through much of last season....
tomBabauts::Clippers 4-2 Lakers 1-4?  When was that? other than this year of course.
tomBabauts::1st 4 games. Clippers 3-1 Lakers 3-1
LobCityCP32BG32::dude...you gotta go back...but it has happen here and there....last year?....how about 2006?
LobCityCP32BG32::really?...cause it has happened more often than you think....it does depends on how many games we're talking about though
manimarf09::Steve Griffin or Blake Blake?
Kobelies247::wtf
Milkman. 17::would i give kate upton a female blumpkin?  absolutely.
teethmold148::Haha
Kobelies247::The russian chick on the spring board during halftime was pretty cool....
manimarf09::Lamar Odom was +6 tonight, with 0 points, going 0-2 from the field, with 2 rebounds (both defensive). He had no fouls.
ubeking::MORE PLAYING TIME FOR THE STRAWBERRY GORILLA!!!
ubeking::no hate, really do want more pt for him, THE STRAWBERRY GORILLA!
Shoot1st Ask Laker::Blake? LOL
LobCityCP32BG32::don't hate on blake when your team is 1-4 and pau is soft
ChargersFan4Life001::Lakers 1-4 lol
teethmold148::Mike Brown will be fired if they keep that up!
Kobelies247::One thing my GF noticed at the game tonight is that the Clippers sure did alot of stretching and warming up well before the game where we didnt see portland do any of that...... Hummmmmmm  Makes sense actually!
Kobelies247::Does it really? noooooooooooooooooooooo
Dr_JJ217::Gotta stretch those....bones?
Shoot1st Ask Laker::A girl broke her leg running at my school for not stretching
LobCityCP32BG32::stretching...always a critical component
Shoot1st Ask Laker::prevents injurys
Kobelies247::apparently not for Portland....
gerald_5::over/ under 2 weeks before kobe starts B ITCHING about the team
amiller244::Once again we get murdered on the rebounds...is this going to be a theme for the season? Blazer fans can partially thank the front office for drafting Nolan Smith instead of Kenneth Faried who was the consensus pick...then it only takes them a year to decide Nolan isn't the PG of the future. Genius.
amiller244::I don't care how much of a finesse PF LaMarcus is, 4 rebounds just isn't gonna cut it, especially when he plays 42 minutes.
amiller244::At least we signed Price for basically nothing, but Smith we wasted a first round pick on! Having JJ Hickson at center hurts us on the rebounds enough, besides the fact that Aldridge isn't a very strong rebounding PF...we're gonna have to pick someone up down the road, like a younger version of Marcus Camby.
Kobelies247::Smith and price both looked LOST tonight! They even looked lost sitting on the bench...
Rip City Forever::Supersonics were a historic part of the league and the rival of the trailblazers but thanks to the most evil man in sports history they took that away from us. Do not support clay Bennett and the okc thunder please! Lets not let this happen to Sacramento! There is no reason for the existence of the clippers, lets get it goin peeps this calls for a serious movement and lots of support! #savethekings
teethmold148::I want the Sonics back too, but getting the Clippers isn't realistic! The Kings are the only team in the league, who would up and leave, for another city.
STEVE_NASH_IS_38_YEARS_OLD_BUT_LOOKS_MORE_LIKE_A_50_YEAR_OLD::Hey you... Yeah You reading this..... You look like Greg Odon
teethmold148::If you were 70 years younger, I'd make you gag on my cock!
LobCityCP32BG32::people need to stop apologizing for the lakers...they're 1-4...that's the definition of sucking...so accept it and stop making excuses, bringing up the past, just fix it
Shoot1st Ask Laker::There are many things that I would do to Kate Upton. But eating poop? 0_o
Milkman. 17::hahaha i was just kidding bro  you can get very very sick from that
XCbeza3::wtf is going on in this board??? i'm out lol
ChargersFan4Life001::really? lol gn then
Shoot1st Ask Laker::LOL NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO I &lt;3 BEZA
teethmold148::Would you impregnate her?
teethmold148::Not many chicks I'd knock up, but she's one of them.
Shoot1st Ask Laker::Didnt think about it like that. Thats alot of $
Milkman. 17::i'm 21 and it would be money.  set for life baby yeah!
Shoot1st Ask Laker::Nah dude im 19 and a baby is not good right now. But I would do many thing...many things.
Milkman. 17::you wouldn't? what the f*ck is the matter with you  i'd literally pray i knocked that chick up
Shoot1st Ask Laker::WTF? LOL no
teethmold148::All this Kate Upton talk, I need to watch some porn now.
Kobelies247::I was at the game tonight... Clippers were just toying with the BLazers the whole game..  When portland got within like 6 points with 5min left in the 4th, Paul Griffin and Jordan all came back into the game and shut the lights off.......
gerald_5::knicks heat ECF  okc LA WCF
tomBabauts::OKC vs Clippers?
Kobelies247::Well it aint going to be the lakers....
Kobelies247::Clippers right?
tomBabauts::4 more years. Kyrie and Lillard will be #1 and #2 on the top pg list.
tomBabauts::Dude. Don't jinx Lillard. He's on my fantasy team.
Kobelies247::Lillard with tear his ACL and Break his knee cap LONG before that ever happens....
gerald_5::it happens alot in portland
