Alexander Banks::As a lifelong Indiana Pacers fan, there are only two reasons I've been looking forward to this game:  1. I knew we'd see 48 minutes of quality basketball, and (even if we lose) the Pacers would get a perfect gauge of where we really rank as a contender.  2. I knew Spurs fans would basically teach a master's course on civil discord, congeniality, humility, and high basketball IQ on this message board. It's like their is something in the water in San Antonio that makes this base the anti-Heat "fan".   Between Spurs fans and Tim Duncan, it's almost impossible to root against them . . . but I'll try my best tonight!
Nate Rose::well done
Ayn Bland::Have you ever talked to a Spurts fan?  As a group they're the second most delusional fan base in the association.  It's a challenge to beat Lakers fans in this category.
Nate Rose::Ayn Bland ive never had a bad experience with a spurs fan on here..as a fundamental team, they respect other fundamental teams, as well as the superstar loaded teams...you dont get that often
Derrick Alderete::Hey Pacers/Fans, great play, hustle, and all around play.  Fun exciting game and good luck to you all and the franchise in a whole for the rest of the year.  Go Spurs Go
Andrew Wills::your young guys play hard SPurs/Fans!! Good luck out West!  See you in Indy in a bit... Go Pacers!
Alexander Banks::I've said it before, and I'll say it again:  Spurs fans are class personified.   See you in the Finals!
Derrick Alderete::Alexander Banks we hope to see you there as well Sir.
Derrick Alderete::Two small market teams, two great fan bases, and two classy teams/fans.  Going to be a great game and a taste of what can be the next possible finals.  Spurs and Pacers.  AT&T Center will be loud tonight and I hope on both sides the refs call a fair game and let these two teams PLAY.   Go Spurs Go.
Hugo Chavez-Rey::Thank you for a good intelligent post Derrick. I agree.
Andrew Heitz::so, a game featuring a team that made the Finals and the other the Conference Finals...............nah, why put that on national tv.
Mike Wagener::not enough shoe deals, slam dunks, alley-oops and not too many movie stars sit in attendance at their games.  Not many reasons to televise this game, all it offers is incredibly entertaining NBA basketball...
Dereck Johnson::I agree its kind of sad, but they're competing against College Football conference championship games. I'm not saying it shouldn't be on bc I was def watching this game.
Zee N Jason Farmer::Dereck Johnson cavs were on national tv tonight
Alex Morgan::I am a Pacer fan.. but love the Spurs because they play basketball the way its supposed to be played.   This was a great win for the Pacers.  ANYBODY who doesn't think the Pacers are legit TITLE CONTENDERS in 2014 is kidding themselves.
Lavender West::If the Pacers make it past Miami they'll probably win it all if anyone other than a healthy Spurs team makes it through the West.  I feel like the Spurs are the only West team that can truly match up with either the Pacers or Heat in a 7 game series
Ayn Bland::Lavender West The Spurts were absolutely handled by the Pacers tonight..  It wasn't even close.  Your comment smacks of delusion.
Gerard Hicks::Ayn Bland Because a 1 regular season game featuring a team with old players KNOWN to coast in the regular season vs a young squad that wants to play full intensity every game is a valid sample for how the playoffs will go?   The Heat and the Spurs want to get to the playoffs healthy, the Pacers want to prove to the world everyday they're championship material. 2 completely different sets of priorities.
Benny Thai Tran::I love it when the Pacers plays the Spurs!  Everyone is so nice to each others on this board, except for a few trolls from other fans.  The Spurs have a great organization and super fan base.  It's super hard to root against them.
Tatyana Kuptsevich::The Spurs and the Pacers have a lot of player connections as well as a new coaching one, so it's a friendly matchup. Well, sort of. The Spurs have been like the older brother who always beats the Pacers, and sometime over the summer the little brother spurted a few inches and it's suddenly it's a whole new ballgame. Anyway, despite this loss I have no ill feelings towards Indy. They are a great team that plays excellent basketball and doesn't showcase or have drama.
Mark Randy Myers::Tatyana Kuptsevich LOL at little brother the Pacers were always better than the Spurs in the ABA days.
Tatyana Kuptsevich::Lol, ABA days? I wasn't even alive back then. I'm talking about the current teams and their active players, with Timmy being the oldest in his 17th season, and the rest of the guys only playing a few years. In all previous games, Duncan always dominated Hibbert, so I'm sure he was surprised not to be able to do that anymore. Oh well, next time he'll be more prepared. But seriously, Paul George is not the only one who has improved. I don't remember Roy shooting mid-range jumpers before or even dominating in the post.
Daymeon Craig::M.V.P.G
Corey Pyle::[Reposting...apparently this only shows up in "reverse chronological" filter now. Let's see how long it lasts this time..]  PACER FANS (or anyone who cares) Just had some random thoughts about Lance...  When this dude keeps his game slowed down and allows things to come to him, he's a nightmare for other teams. However, the non-stop dribbling and getting impatient in pick-n-rolls/not setting his defender up effectively, makes him predictable and he gets frustrated -- "bad Lance." That frustration becomes a snow-ball effect and he starts pressing, picking up dumb fouls (off. and def.), forcing shots etc.  In those first 5-10 games, he worked so well with PG. He was constantly driving and kicking and getting guys open. He knew when to pull up for the runner, when to take it to the hoop or when to kick it out -- "good Lance." This ...created a (good) snow ball effect -- played tighter/smarter D, got offensive rebounds/tip-ins and made the high IQ plays.  He's been somewhat up and down since.  He doesn't have to "be" Paul George, but he'd do well to learn 2 very important things from Paul's progression: assertiveness and poise. These -- and a mid-range game -- are really the only things that seem to be holding him back. These tools are essential to his success because he's so much more effective with the ball in his hands than without it. Also, not having a respected mid-range game (unless he's hot) makes his execution all the more important. The quicker he progresses in these areas, the further this team will go.  I'm not trying to raise any red flags, because he has improved his consistency of play, overall, and he definitely is making strides. But he is who he is at this point -- an emotional player -- and so his ups and downs still move the meter too much. It sometimes goes unnoticed when there's more margin for error. However, when they go up against elite teams like in these next three games (especially on the road), they're going to need strong, reliable perimeter play from someone other than Paul. George is only going to be able to do so much, as we saw in that POR game. Hill can help with that too, but -- depending on the matchup -- if he's content on distributing (like against POR) Lance has to know when to pick up the scoring slack from the back-court and to be ASSERTIVE.  They just won't survive too many games where the back-court gets outplayed that thoroughly vs. elite opponents...especially come playoff time.  These are mental things that can be corrected with time, as we've already seen now from PG...and at times, with Lance. But Lance will need to be more poised and assert himself more consistently. I know he's capable of making those bigger strides, but I also think it will take most of the season for him to prove to himself that he can sustain it and I have no reason to believe he won't.See More
Ray Batts::When he tries too hard not to be Bad Lance, we miss out on Born Ready Lance. It's a give and take. As long as he's bringing more to the table than taking away, which this season he has, then Bad Lance is something we sort of have to live with.
Dereck Johnson::I agree with both Ray and Corey on this and hope that Lance finds that happy medium. With the exception of a couple games, he's not been bad Lance for a whole game. That's a sign of him growing up and not letting it completely get to him. I think he's been a lil passive at times and I believe he's going to get it all figure out by the All-Star break. He's a lot of fun to watch and him being to passive at times is something u except. Its the the total oppisite of what happened last year. He dribbles to much at times also but he also makes something great happen at times. I won't lie when he misses his 1st couple shots, I do get a lil worried. I'm very happy he's on our team tho and what a draft we had in 2010. Larry Bird got George with the 10th pick and Lance in the 2nd round. I remember when Utah took Gordon Hayward with the 9th pick and we took George. Indy fans were cussing Utah and asking who Paul George was. I remember scouts say PG had some upside but he couldn't even dominate a weak mid major conference so I was a lil worried myself. Now I want to thank the Jazz and Larry Bird for not only getting the best player in that draft but also getting Lance. That was one of the greatest drafts in Pacer history. I was mad at Larry for the Brandon Rush pick and also drafting Hansbrough but ill take Larry Bird over anyone now. Even he had to make a couple mistakes to figure it out.
Matt Bailey::Ray Batts Can we please drop the "Born Ready" nickname? I'm struggling to think of a nickname that's less accurate to the player than that one.
Justin Jenkins::Paul George is the early pick to win MVP
Quinton Cantue::One of the biggest games so far and its not even national televised....Wow come on ESPN
Zee N Jason Farmer::exactly why the nba will make sure Indy doesn't make the Finals
Jonah Swidan::Its a Saturday game, no games are on ESPN during college football dude
Kevin Rui Ning Mao::i know right! this game isn't on nba tv but mavs vs blazers are, what a shame!
Ayn Bland::Isn't it funny how the Spurts seem to always have an "off night" when playing good teams?
Tatyana Kuptsevich::Yup, every year. Sometimes against bad teams too. Remember when they lost to the Clippers twice in November? You were probably saying that the Clippers are better, right? Except the Spurs swept them a few months earlier, and the Grizzlies beat them afterwards only to be swept by the Spurs. Wanna predict playoff outcomes based on this game? Go right ahead and let's review them in June. As much as the Pacers have improved, I still see them as a more favorable matchup than Miami, although I do want another Spurs-Heat Finals.
Quinten Houston::Yeah, just like they were in the Finals last year and beat themselves in the last few seconds of a close out game and gave Miami a title last year? What a laughable statement questioning the Spurs capability of beating "good"  teams, I just hope this was a finals preview tonight.
David Kelley::Tatyana Kuptsevich sas are getting old
Mike Wagener::Finally a Spurs game!  I was going through withdrawls.  GO SPURS!
Dereck Johnson::Now this is the Pacer team that will be hard to beat this year and we need to play this same way tomorrow. Paul George is a superstar and a MVP this year. Ppl need to stop hating and just watch this kid play. 28pts on 14shots and that's why id take him over anyone not named LeBron. This is a great team tho and we had 7players in double digits. Scola and Watson are a huge reason why I believe the Pacers will win it all. Before u go crazy I mean every1 else got better on this team and then they added 2true pros 2come off the bench. Also if Granger can get back and be even half the player he was. Then its going 2b even harder for any1 to play with these guys. I love the West & Scola lineup and hope 2c more of it. West is a beast when he wants 2b and should be considered as an All-Star. When Lance shows up this team plays at another level. Id still like to see them add a better backup center bc when Granger returns that's the only weakness this team has. Regardless this is going 2b a fun year and now ppl can shutup about us not playing any1. I believe we played well enough 2beat Portland but they hit big shot after big shot so u have2 give them credit. They are a really good team. Go Pacers!
Fritz Helio Hieb::I agree with all that, but their team is essentially locked in place, can't add anybody.  Can't trade the Granger contract because that would mean taking on extra salary (and therefore couldn't resign Lance), and no other room under the tax. "Yawn" Mahinimi isn't all that bad he can hold up.
David Kelley::refs took lance out of the game early against por
Zee N Jason Farmer::2nd unit needs to improve on defense
Lee Mata::Huge game here. You Pacers fans have to be really proud of your team to start off like this. I hope the Pacers can keep it up. As an NBA fan, I look forward to seeing an awesome, playoff caliber game. As a Spurs fan, I want to see the Spurs take the Pacers down. I'm going to the game, and I hope to see a good one. GSG!
Ray Waterman::Very huge game, two very good teams squaring off in what could possibly be the two teams in the championship game. These types of games are exciting to watch. Could go either way. Thank you Lee. Your comment shows that you're a classy fan.
Chris Nealis::Just hoping for a good game. I'm a lifelong Indiana Pacers fan, but I've always liked and had the utmost respect for Tim Duncan and the Spurs. It's going to be interesting...
Alexander Banks::Typical classy words from a fan of one of the classiest franchises in the history of professional sports.   I would say I hope to see you in the Finals, but I don't; I'm WAAAAAAY to big of a Pop and Duncan fan.   It would be brutal from me to root for my Pacers to beat them.
Jeff Leverenz::Luis Scola and David West playing at the same time is fun to watch
Emil E. Matula III::Scola might turn into the biggest under the radar pickup of any potential contender- especially with Granger hurt again.
Benny Thai Tran::Emil E. Matula III That's what I said.  He was the best pickup for the Pacers by far.
Emil E. Matula III::Benny Thai Tran I like our pickup of Belinelli.  Hopefully Ginobili can continue to play the backup point guard with Belinelli as the two. That should be good enough to get by.
Jonny Felix::The Pacers would be even more deadly with Granger back.
Dean Helming::Pacers do this all the time with a big lead.  Relax.  We won.
Srecko Vukovich::Good game to watch ,I am interested to see match up George vs Leonard ,Hill vs Parker, Hilbert vs Duncan  ,I predicted this two teams will meet in NBA Finals  next year  GSG !!
Josh Strouth::By "next year" are you referring to next calendar year or next basketball year?
Srecko Vukovich::Josh Strouth  Well  this basketball season that will finish NEXT calendar year !!
Vladimir Tsalyuk::that's the dumbest prediction, everyone knows whos going to the finals from the east
Matt Crampton::PG 4 MVP
Jonah Swidan::Lets go Pacers!!!
Martin William Levine::Solid solid win against a great team at home. Success on this road trip in my eyes was 3 wins. Got it done with a game to go. Pacers have really responded during this trip against tough opponents and hopefully silenced some of the criticism. Great game Spurs fans, your team is really good as usual....
Emil E. Matula III::Good game Martin!  We'll see you again in Indy for Round 2.  Should be one hell of a dogfight.
Josh Strouth::The second quarter of games has been a week spot for the Pacers this season, but they just outscored the Spurs 32-20 in the second quarter here, I think a big part of that can be credited to the seldom used lineup combo of David West and Luis Scola, the Pacers went on a nice run when those two were in the game together.
Emil E. Matula III::West has always played good games against San Antonio ever since 2008.
Jason William Houghton::During a time where there are three teams in the East with an above .500 record, it's very good to see the Pacers win on the road against two of the four top teams in the West during one trip.
Greg Levine::So the whole soft schedule rhetoric can stop now right?  Pacers 3-1 on this west coast trip, big game tonight against OKC
John Taylor::the east definitely lack as many good teams as the west.  but the two or three good teams here in the east, the miami heat and indiana pacers, are in the top three best in the nba.  the spurs-pacers matchup will be a finals preview if the miami heat fail get in
Derrick Alderete::how can you say that when the front runner Blazers, who are in the west, just beat the Pacers.
Josh Strouth::Derrick Alderete, so far the Blazers three biggest wins (Spurs, Pacers, and Thunder) were all in Portland, if they can prove they can beat the elite teams on the road, then they can be considered elite, but I'm not ready to elevate them just yet.
Derrick Alderete::Josh Strouth, I understand what you are saying and yes homecourt is a strength most times.  But we still cannot turn away from the teams they beat.  So far have had a tougher schedule, even tougher then my Spurs.  As of right now they have my respect until otherwise proven and for myself are the hottest team at the moment.  As long as history does not repeat for the Blazers i.e. tiring out or injuries, they will make a strong playoff run.
