Rip City Forever::This guy below me hates on the blazers, who happen to have a really successful team history, more glory than golden state has ever had. Besides, the warriors have made the playoffs like what three times in the last 15 years? Lol get outta here clown
dsphillips100::Blazer fans are the most delusional fans in the league. This goes back years when the thought that its set in stone that they would be a NBA power. Then it all came crashing down. This current blazers team is terrible. Too many 3's not enough help. Its clear as day. Lillard is Brandon Jennings 2.0. LA is soft. They have zero bench. You don't win in this league by chucking 3's.
Rip City Forever::Haters gun hate  Trollers gun troll
big145fly::not two comments below yours I see a blazer fan commending GS. I don't understand what fans have against other fans. There may be validity to any basketball point you want to make but you just sound ignorant and dumb. BTW Lillard is more like a rich mans Chauncy Billups.
FriscoWarriors415::I see lillard more like a D.rose type player
Im Ignorant::But Rose can average 8 assists per game.
CBass1317::And BTW, the last two Spurs Championship teams led the league in 3 point makes and were were 1st and 2nd in 3 pointers attempted.  But don't let reality get in the way of trolling.
CBass1317::Blazers team is certainly not a power, but Jennings 2.0?  That is a loss of credibility comment.
WarriorsWarrior::Gg Portland.
Rip City Forever::Good game warriors, you guys are for real.
HH69::Can't wait to see the Warriors when they get some production from a big Center.  Whether that is Bogut, or not...
Rip City Forever::Damian lillard&gt; steph curry
demfour4::he put  on a show for the town last night, but who would you rather have? Curry easily... 1 of the best shooters in the league, and a better passer... court vision... this is Curry's first real season, other seasons he's been injured
Kollno::Oakland boy made it special last night in front of his family and friends.  He is legit, but needs to maintain it for a few years to be on Curry's level.  And, which team is better?  No doubt we will hear more about him.  Did well against miami night before too.
Rjsyufy::How many assists did lillard have? Lmao
tgreen21::When no one can hit a shot he took over. He averages almost 7 a game, how about Curry???
willbdds::Curry averages 1 less assist for his career than Lillard!
aj8707::who?
Rip City Forever::Stephy curry but they're both great :)
dsphillips100::Can't see the blazer making the playoffs. Way too many 3's and minutes played by the starters. That will only last for so long. But the made it interesting
Kobelies247::Love it when the real blazers show up! lol
Rip City Forever::Exactly my point. Don't show up rooting for the blazers when u act like this. You are a pathetic hometown "fan"
tgreen21::Kobie you're a loser!
BaldInPeru::Go $@% Yourself
HK-47.1::The only thing i can't stand about Mark Jackson is his roster management skills. The three guard and two foward line up sucks; it continues to give up leads night after night. For god sakes take out Thompson in crunch time  and put in Barnes. He literary the only guy on GS that can create his own shot and hes not on the floor when the D gets the most tight?
demfour4::Thompson is actually a good defender, his length gives problems, Harrison Barnes is still a rookie, 1 of my fav players... but only guy who can create his own shot? forget about Stephen Curry, Jarret Jack, Klay Thompson... can all create there own shot... even david lee can create his own shot sometimes.. lol what is u sayin???????????????????????????? Coach HK-47.1
Kollno::Maybe you should coach GS.  Oh, wait, who are you?
bigbirdbill::I couldn't agree with you more.  Not only that, he's good on D and Thompson on D, not so good.
DuckDodgerBlazer::Hate to see the Blazers drop one but GS looks like they're there the real deal.  Nice game from DLill.  Would have liked to see LA and Wes show up but it appears they were a bit tired.  On a side note, we've always struggled playing at GS.  Not shocked at all on this loss.
364Terry::Impressive performance for the young rook, Lillard. Many more of these moments to come.
FriscoWarriors415::Just got back from the game. Good game trail blazer fans! You guys really do have something special in Lillard!
562-bell gardens::blake griffin&gt;lamarcus -david lee
DuckDodgerBlazer::troll, did grandma finally expand your internet time?
Allen Conder::Take your tolls back...
Daryl_Dixon::Blazers have a legit shot against the Thunder, Clippers, or Spurs in the 1st round.
562-bell gardens::-no 1 ever
DuckDodgerBlazer::troll
Daryl_Dixon::Lillard couldn't miss a shot tonight. That was crazy.
ImAWitness06::When they switched Klay on to him.
ImAWitness06::Give me Curry over Lillard
demfour4::This is Curry's first real season, while he is healthy... who would you rather have? Check the stats for this season. I'd rather have Stephen Curry 1 of the best shooters in the NBA, averages more assists, a better passer, better court vision... more points per game... Curry dropped 12 assists on him with the WIN... lillard dropped 37 points with the LOSE... who do I take? hmmmm GLass AnkLes FTWWWWWWWWWWW
CBass1317::I'll take Lillard's ankles over Curry's.
tgreen21::Yeah take a guy who is always injured, over a rook who just dropped 37 on you! Stupid
nomorten::Lillard is a freaking rookie. You know that, right?
WarriorsWarrior::JZ DID SAY LILLARD WAS THE GUY!  But i wouldn't change our draft!
w4rri0rs::That's good because he got drafted before us. lol
ImAWitness06::Klay got torched by Lillard once the Warriors went to a three guard lineup.
BravesPackersCougzSounders::Noticed the Wazzu basketball team there today supporting Klay. Go Cougs.
Daryl_Dixon::Just give Damian Lillard the Rookie of the Year Award now.
supe540::Thank goodness the W's PF dominated the Blazer PF otherwise this might have been a different outcome.
Dadsterbug::That's the way to beat Portland.  Only have to shut down 1 guy...L.A.   You keep him under 10 points &amp; you'll win 9 out of 10.  Happens every time.
CBass1317::Considering he is averaging 19, it must be easy to implement that game plan.
klippyk::David Lee deserves it more, that's why it sucks he won't be one
Michael Soot::butt hurt that ours is an all-star? ;) congrats too, by the way. Second of a back to back, great job. It was probably david lee's amazing D and had nothing to do with aldridge playing with a sprained wrist
WFan5::David Lee will be an all star
jzalvarado2.0::I'll make my feelings on the Blazers clear:  The Blazers right now Potentially have the Top 3 Point Guard in the Game (ill take Curry for MY TEAM but NOT Top 3 PG).  They have the best PF in the game right now AND IT'S NOT EVEN CLOSE in my book.  Wesley Matthews solid all around player.   I begged, pleaded, for the Warriors to trade up with Sacramento to get Lillard.  I'm GLAD they didn't. Glad Lillard is with the Blazers BECAUSE that's I like it when West Coast teams are STRONG
Marlayallday::ummmmm No! haha keep dreaming buddy
nikolokolus::I'm a Blazers fan, but this is flat out ridiculous.  Lillard might be top fifteen, and Aldridge is probably having the least efficient season of his career post hip surgery.  Thanks for the kind words, but  uhhhh ....
ewillats::What the hell are you smoking haha. Top 3 pg and top PF, you'd think they'd be challenging for the title or something.
R.2.D.2.::They could if they had a bench and a decent sixth man.
jzalvarado2.0::127decibels Alvarado, I didn't start acting like a jerk until you made personal attacks. You want a truce. I'm good. -------------------------------------------------------------------- Here let me cut and paste our first rendezvous.  In Response to a post you made about Aldridge, i said. "yeah I think anybody would agree.. He settless for too many jumpshots against Warriors though. I think Aldridge is the best PF in the game right now."  How is that a personal attack lol
127decibels::That wasn't the comment dude...but I'm going to let it go. I probably jumped a bit hard too. So I'm backing down.
jzalvarado2.0::good enough man.. I like the Blazers (as mentioned above) their pieces NOT necessarily the SUM of their parts.  I like the Warriors as a SUM of their parts but the Blazers top two players are ARGUABLY better than anything the Warriors have right now
127decibels::And I agree about Lillard being a Warriors fan. And frankly, I like the Warriors too. I'm not a fan, but I do like several of their players, like Curry and Lee. I think Barnes is going to be solid too.
fanunknown::Next year the the blazers need to do what the clippers did this year. Get seasoned vets to help there bench.
127decibels::Yep. 13 million to spend. The Blazers are looking to next season as the season when they put it together. Their starting 5 is as good as anyone, but when their starters play 40 minutes every night, their going to get beat on back-to-backs.
Kobelies247::Blazers are CRAP on the road! Always have been...
2manysquares::Long story short. If everyone in this game plays to their ability Blazers win 9 times outta ten.
2manysquares::Screw off. The Blazers win that game if Lamarcus Aldridge or Wesley Matthews shows up on offense.  They shot a combined 6-30 I believe. The bench has been very unproductive as well. But Portland isn't a bad team.
127decibels::And you still can't lose your fascination with them. You are such a moron.
jzalvarado2.0::127decibels.. Quit making it into a Lillard vs. Our Rookie competition.  Lillard grew up a Warriors fan.  We would have LOVED to have Lillard on our team.  Well maybe NOT as its currently constructed, BUT you can't compare both players.  Barnes fits his role well here.  Slash to the basket.  Occassional 3.  Defense and Rebound the rest of the time.  Lillard is in his own stratosphere AND AS A WARRIORS FAN im ok with watching from afar
Kobelies247::LOL ummm!   I could care less!
127decibels::Wow, someone sounds a little sensitive. Try a gel shaving cream. You can get a smoother shave with less irritation.
127decibels::Alvarado, I didn't start acting like a jerk until you made personal attacks. You want a truce. I'm good.
127decibels::Sure I am. Kobelies = that gollum dude from Lord of the Rings.
Kobelies247::127 = Oregonlive DB
jzalvarado2.0::Yeah maybe you're right.. Maybe it's the fact that we've been having great convos with ALL the Blazers fans all game.. Then you come in trying to make Lillard into a story WHEN we've all acknowledged how good he is already.  He fits PERFECTLY into the Blazers lineup. Congrats
tgreen21::KobieLies get lost $@%!$@!!! You are such a flippin troll!
jzalvarado2.0::I don't feel bad about Lillard going to the Blazers though because they took him at the 6.  Warriors took the best value (although it could be argued that Ross may have the best upside).  If anything, If I'm a Seattle Sonics fan right now, I'd be p.issed that MY soon to be former general manager took Robinson over Lillard
127decibels::Ross doesn't have more upside than Lillard.
127decibels::We're not even talking about the same thing. I was referring to your  comment on reading comprehension.
jzalvarado2.0::Yes THEY TOOK the best Value at 8 (Since the other 7 players were already gone).  Sheesh how hard is this to comprehend.  I don't give a s.hit what happened before the 8th pick HENCE why I said It's the Seattle Sonics fans that should be p.issed for taking Robinson over Lillard
127decibels::Writing comprehension much? If you said "Warriors took the better value" it would indicate a comparison between two players. When you say "Warriors took the best value" it is a blanket statement, and would generally refer to all players in the discussion.
jzalvarado2.0::Reading comprehension much.  I said "Warriors took the best value (Barnes) over Ross
jp22222::Lets go dubs!
Raiders Godfather333::Well, time to go and troll the Lakers board.
JasonC1069::The lines I had for this game GS -6.5 O/U 199.5 .... talk about right on
127decibels::You should bet everything you own next time.
Joe Raygor::How did Harrison Barnes look tonight?
bshowers79::Batum is the best player on the Blazers
Zainal3206::two girls one cup &gt; LAKERS
127decibels::Yeah, 13 points vs 37 for Lillard. He's right there.  Sure he is.
127decibels::Lillard is part of a better starting 5 than GS has.  What was your point again?
jzalvarado2.0::You can't compare both their games.  Lillard is the MAN on his team well and Aldridge.  Barnes is a complementary piece right now
Raiders Godfather333::Pretty good. His game is coming along.
cxlo::Better than Lillard until the 4th quarter.
Zainal3206::boston SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!
DISandDAT6::Damian Lillard should be an all-star :)
paulpeterman504::Just to be mentioned in the likes of Chris Paul, Russell Westbrook, and Steph Curry is an honor.
jzalvarado2.0::Not with all the Guards in the west.  If he was in the East.. Easy Choice.
7horns7eyes::having pepper spray sprayed up your d.ick-hole &gt; Lakers
jzalvarado2.0::For those of you THAT Want Rudy Gay.. YOU FORGET we get back Brandon Rush next year.. Brandon Rush has a similar skill set on offense BUT Mauls Rudy Gay on the Defensive End
w4rri0rs::And he shoots 3s really good instead of totally... sucky. There's that.
Raiders Godfather333::^^^^^^^This!
Zainal3206::two girls one cup &gt; LAKERS
cxlo::"I'll take that All-Star spot from you Lamarcus, Thanks." -David Lee
127decibels::Lamarcus didn't have his legs tonight....too many minutes last night. But he still had enough to swat Lee.  Aldridge &gt;&gt;&gt; Lee.
jzalvarado2.0::yeah I think anybody would agree.. He settless for too many jumpshots against Warriors though.  I think Aldridge is the best PF in the game right now
jzalvarado2.0::not gonna happen unfortunately.  If anything, Lee needs to take that spot from Griffin
cxlo::Uh.  100% he takes it away from Aldridge.  0% away from Griffin.
Kobelies247::Ill vote for that....
Kobelies247::Did anyone expect anything less? I mean comeon.....
bshowers79::I'm pretty sure this clown was all about Lillard being "overrated" and the Blazers being "garbage", a couple games back. Sad individual, really.
Kobelies247::I like Lillard acutally you moron...
PortBlazerFan22::Did you expect Lillard to score 37??
btopps751::Golden State chokes more in the 4th quarter than Lebron.
jzalvarado2.0::RHaley57 = HenryLaker.. I'm ON to your little shennanigans Henry
BlAztecMariHawks::Kyle weaver &gt; Klay thompson. All WSU fans know what im sayin!
Raiders Godfather333::HELL NO!
gary sheetz::what a cover!!
RHaley57::Warriors blow $@%!
RHaley57::Warriors blow $@%!
Raiders Godfather333::But they WON, LOL!
btopps751::"We'll trade you Gasol and a first round pick for Aldridge, Lillard, Matthews, and Batum. Fair trade for both sides." - Laker Fans
jzalvarado2.0::Haha THEY traded all their 1st round picks to Phoenix for Nash
gajarmin94::whos ready for an hour long analysis of why the lakers suck on sportscenter
gary sheetz::i know its getting old
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::ME! :)!
ChicagoBullsChampionshipRing::Damn what a great game for both teams. Stellar performances by both PG's Oakland native Lillard and Curry. And great win for the Warriors, and the Blazers will bounce back too. Thanks for capping off a great night gents. Firework spectacle
rps114::Klay Thompson for Rudy Gay. Klay is gonna cost this team in the playoffs.
jzalvarado2.0::Are you kidding.. Klay Thompson ALWAYS balls against Memphis and San Antonio.  Everyone else struggles
Sheldon Cooper.::Why trade Thompson. We already have a good potential SF in Barnes. We don't really have a streaky shooter like Klay, other then Curry. Dumb trade.
rps114::Rudy Gay is only 25. And clutch.
Raiders Godfather333::Thompson is a better shotter. In two years he will be one of the best 2 guards in the game. BAD TRADE!
cxlo::Rudy Gay is junk.  Especially for that salary.  Barnes will be just as good as him in 2-3 years.
rps114::You're nuts.
btopps751::THat is a horrible trade.
