myhawkisbiggerthanyours::Wade and bosh healthy and getting points when they need, LeBron doing his thing playing selfless ba. I'm definitely confident in their chances at a repeat. as much as you haters wanna talk it doesn't matter. Haters will broadcast your failure and whisper your success.
LARRY79148::Wade is the da man in Miami  He got lebum his first ring  In a short season lets see what happens  In a full season coming down the stretch
MudrunnerVA3::Uh yeah, and they are 10-0 on that home stretch so far. Your ignorance shows. You obviously don't know anything about professional basketball, yet I'm sure you "think" you do.
hardicd::For all you Pacers fan, I'll actually have to admit they are the biggest threat in the East with no Rondo around. But if you do play them, my advice: Tell Paul George to not run his mouth at D-Wade when Wade was playing like garbage and then goes crazy three games in a row. I swear I saw George jawing at Wade in game 4 up 2-1 and then Wade went off...gotta be smarter than that. Spurs have the best of any team in the NBA in a 7 game series against the heat
LARRY79148::U dont think the refs &amp; the league  Helped the heat last year !!??
Z Wade::You're an idiot. Do yourself a favor and go away.
LARRY79148::Oscar Robertson has 181 in 14years Magic has 138 in 13 years  Kid has 105 in 19 years  This guy has 30 or something like  In 10 years he has to play another  30 years just to pass. Kid  ! So pls stop talking like.   He s the triple double king he's not &amp; because he just Passed MJ it dont mean he's better then him look at the list  &amp; u'll see why MJ is da man. The 6 rings help
micheal3600::God everytime you type something you look like a bigger idiot
_Pippen aint easy_::They call Nick Young a tough-shot maker. But is that really impressive considering all he takes are tough shots?  That guy is top 3 in worst shot selection in the NBA.
YankeesHeatGiantsFan4Life::So I was just called a "loser" by msgarmar for going to college to do something I love in sports broadcasting. Give me a few minutes I need to call my therapist and cry a little bit in self pity :(.
305Willis::YankeesHeatGiantsFan4Life... Why are you a Heat fan and not a Knicks fan?
YankeesHeatGiantsFan4Life::idk, I didn't really watch basketball until the end of the shaq era in LA. When he got traded to the Heat I guess I became a Heat fan since because he was the only player I followed. I've been a Heat fan ever since and gone through the 15 win season etc., so I consider myself a strong, true Heat fan. I've stuck with them almost 10 years so I think I've earned my right to be a legitimate Miami Heat fan. As for the Knicks... I just never really watched them or anything, I sort of hate them actually, lol.
305Willis::You have to just disregard people sometimes. I always figure the people with the most stupid comments are Florida Gator and/or Orlando Magic fans. That makes it easy to immediately disregard what they say.
YankeesHeatGiantsFan4Life::apparently he is a doctor, and a Knicks fan. Doesn't make sense why he would be on these boards. I may give up chatting on these because it is close to impossible to have a solid discussion with my fellow Heat fans about my team without people commenting how much they hate our team. guess I'll stick to facebook and twitter.
Mike11548::Wade is looking pretty good again haters!  Smack yourself for doubting him!!  Let's go Heat
_Pippen aint easy_::Lebron's triple double was nice, but this particular game was all about Dwyane Wade. Sixers had no answer for him.
JuvyKee9::That spin move... holy sh*t guy's a train in the lane
YankeesHeatGiantsFan4Life::Not that I care much that people love hating on the Heat but damn, you haters put so much energy into hating on this team that I'm surprised you have time for your actual lives, lol. Does it really affect your life that much? I love the Heat and my other teams but if they happen to lose I'm not going to lose sleep over it because it doesn't affect my life that much. If they win I'll enjoy it, maybe hang out with some friends over wings and brew   to celebrate, but the next day its like ok, that was fun but I've got much more important stuff in my life to and worry about than my sports team winning, or teams I don't like losing.
Montgomery Jones::*Typing real fast* lol
stew561::Espn boards are for trolling an not for serious discussions.
305Willis::Sometimes I like to make comments that have absolutely nothing to do with the topic at hand. That's okay, right?
FeFyeFoeRun::you cant have a serious discussion because that Loser comes on everyday on Every Heat board repeating the same BS. If everybody would flag that loser it would soon be gone!
FeFyeFoeRun::thats why the blue light troll has no life sitting on the couch all day trolling heat boards!
YankeesHeatGiantsFan4Life::oh and btw, I am going to college for sports broadcasting.
msgarmar::"I was going to stay out there until I got it," James said. "I wasn't going to let this one slip away. I've had too many games where I was one assist, one rebound away. I wasn't coming out."  Good old MEbron - me first, team second.
Montgomery Jones::OMG best passer in the game??? Really lets not exaggerate that. Rondo, Vasquez, Paul, Westbrook, Holliday, Nelson, Parker, Williams all average more assists than LeBron can't be best passer if the number show otherwise
_Pippen aint easy_::You can't judge someone's passing ability by how many assists they average - although I agree that Lebron is not the best passer in the league, he's top 5 for sure.  I think the best passers are Nash, Chris Paul and Rondo - but after those three, I don't think there's a better passer in the league than James.
YankeesHeatGiantsFan4Life::Rubio can't shoot but I've seen him make passes I haven't seen any of those guys ever make.
Mike11548::Are you kidding me?  MeBron?  Really?  The guy is the best passer in the NBA and always gives it up even though he could score 50 a game if he wanted too.  Come up with something better than that hater.
msgarmar::I'm actually a doctor.  But I don't throw that around to make me feel smart or try to make others feel stupid.  And you called me an idiot, so I was just being childish back with the name calling.
YankeesHeatGiantsFan4Life::you just threw it around...congrats on being a doctor btw. and sorry the Knicks haven't won anything in who knows how long. If LeBron is going to get hurt as long as it is playing in a game, it happens. I'd be pissed if it was when he rides his bike to the arena or something. I was more pissed that wade played until the 4 minute mark. Wade is much more injury prone. LeBron stayed in until the Heat had a definite lock on the game. idc what team it is he stayed in until what 6 minutes left? maybe 7? almost any team can make up 15-16 points in that time. It isn't over until its over.
YankeesHeatGiantsFan4Life::So I am a loser for going to college and trying to get a career in something I love. Gotta love these boards, lol. Did you go to college msgarmar?
_Pippen aint easy_::lol yeah because him wanting to stay on the floor really "hurt the team."   His triple double was within the flow of the game - it's not like he was missing shots to get offensive rebounds or some nonsense.
_Pippen aint easy_::I read the article. You have no point. He could get hurt in the first 2 minutes of a game so your argument is nonsense - so spare your b.s. "if you played basketball" argument. You have no clue what you're talking about. If YOU played sports at all you would know that worrying about injury is what gets you injured.
msgarmar::Read the article next time:  "The three-time NBA MVP knew he was one board away from a special night so he went after it hard early in the fourth quarter."  Going after a rebound hard in the fourth quarter of a blowout could get you hurt.  If you played basketball, you would know that.  If it came to him in the flow of the game, that's one thing.  But going after it hard can risk injury.
YankeesHeatGiantsFan4Life::LeBron is possibly the most unselfish player of all time, he plays 5 positions, makes a lot less salary than he should and could be, therefore calling him any ounce of selfish makes no sense.
YankeesHeatGiantsFan4Life::So now that he wants something for himself (more MJ and Kobe) you are insulting him? good stuff. They were blowing Philly out if he wants a triple double and needs to pad his stats a little in a blowout win who cares? it literally had no effect on the outcome of the game. You are an idiot.
msgarmar::Wrong, "I'm going to broadcasting school" loser.  If he stays in the game and plays extra hard in a blowout to get a single rebound for HIS stats and then gets hurt, what would you say?  If he was team first, he would have come out in a blowout to rest and make sure he doesn't get hurt.  So nice argument.
FeFyeFoeRun::That blue light Loser has No Clue what shes saying. Just repeats the same BS over and Over.
FeFyeFoeRun::not the nba its his whole pathetic trolling life he cant stand
nba is the worst::"Stat padding is my life"
FeFyeFoeRun::Nah, you are a trolling Loser!
nba is the worst::Or, you might consider lightening up and having fun, like I do
miami360x::You spend your life on Heat boards hating because you are jealous and insecure. That's your life.
stew561::What is it that you don't like about the nba?
nba is the worst::MJ's stats went up in the Finals compared to his reg season avgs.  Lebron's stats went down in 2 out of three Finals compared to his reg season avgs...
Montgomery Jones::Big O better comparison... Magic wasn't that great of a scorer
YankeesHeatGiantsFan4Life::fair enough, but LeBron has Magic's personality too. MJ was disliked by even some of his teammates, not that it was a bad thing because he did win 6 rings with Pippen and co., but LeBron's teammates love him and love playing with him.
YankeesHeatGiantsFan4Life::we get it LeBron isn't and will never be Mj. There will never be another MJ. keep hating it only makes LeBron better. He is more like Magic anyway if you haven't noticed.
Montgomery Jones::Don't forget has been swept out of 1 and lost as the favorite 2 years ago... lets tell the whole story....   "Hey Michael have you ever lost in the Finals?" "No." "Oh ok just asking sorry for wasting your time, what a dumb question." lol
FeFyeFoeRun::Totally different era with totally different competition. Jordan would not fare as well against the modern day competition as Lebron does.   Get a Clue pathetic Troll!
micheal3600::msgarmar - Get a clue!! MJ will have played against twice as many hall of famers as Mebron. Your statement is ludicrous.  You are a moron because when he was playing the like of Bird, Magic, DR J, Kareem, Isiah etc. MJ was getting his $@% kick on the regular. Mj didn't win crap until all of those guys were completely washed up and that is a FACT
FeFyeFoeRun::Almost all modern day Jets fans dont even remember Joe Namath you pathetic TOOL!
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>FIFTY YEARS AGO TROLL! 1 SB Appearance in their HISTORY! Dolphins have been to FIVE!</b>
nba is the worst::Jets have a championship, meaning FeFye fails to make a valid point, as usual
FeFyeFoeRun::No such thing as a Giants Fan also being a Jets fan! You must be 12!
msgarmar::FeFyeFoeRun - You being a jets fan removes you expeditiously from ALL credibility!  Jets are Far by the most PATHETIC franchise in the History OF ALL SPORTS!  Actually - it's the opposite.  By continuing to root for the franchise that I've been rooting for since my childhood I have tremendous credibility.  I'm not a bandwagon guy like half the people on here.  If I was born a Jets fan and then became a Giants fan when they started winning then I would have no credibility.  So another one of your arguments falls short.  Keep trying...
FeFyeFoeRun::You being a jets fan removes you expeditiously from ALL credibility!  Jets are Far by the most PATHETIC franchise in the History <b>OF ALL SPORTS!</b>
msgarmar::Get a clue!!  MJ will have played against twice as many hall of famers as Mebron.  Your statement is ludicrous.
miami360x::Lebron has been to 3 finals at 28. MJ only 1.
nba is the worst::Except it isn't relevant to accomplishments
miami360x::nba is the worst - Note:  There's no "age factor" when comparing NBA careers.  After 9 seasons, MJ 3-0, 3 Finals MVPs, Lebron 1-2, 1 Finals MVP  Nothing wrong with comparing players at the same age.
FeFyeFoeRun::You know that LOSER?
miami360x::So would he have made the finals at 19, 20,21 years old? NO, you sir are a moron.
nba is the worst::Note:  There's no "age factor" when comparing NBA careers.  After 9 seasons, MJ 3-0, 3 Finals MVPs, Lebron 1-2, 1 Finals MVP
2505r::Lebron came in the league at 18 MJ was 21...get a clue.
Montgomery Jones::Hey FeFyeFoBum.... Remember you can't flop anymore so there is no way they can steal momentum any more with that B.S. flopping just remember that... If not for the constant flopping (Shane Battier comes to mind with LeBron, Wade, Chalmers and Bosh) they may have gotten some $@% kicking's handed to them.
Montgomery Jones::Since when does a conference lead matter? You keep mentioning the regular season as if it really matters. you aren't seeing the same team every night for like 7 games in 11 nights. Lets focus on the postseason. You seem fixed on the regular season as if it means something. I'm glad the Heat are playing great and doing big things in the regular season (Its great for the team) but please stop acting like the Heat are the Spurs, Lakers, or Bulls teams from the last 20 years that won multiple titles. They are 1-1 so far not 2-0.
CrimsonEyedDeath::Everyone always forgets the one Wade won with Shaq.
FeFyeFoeRun::No, actually the Heat are 2-1 in titles and about to WIN number 3!
FeFyeFoeRun::Is that why they have the Biggest lead in either conference over the 2nd place team?  <b>Move along child!</b>
2505r::I just read that ESPN is going to facebook only comments next week.
305Willis::He read it on the internet. They wouldn't say it on the internet if it wasn't true.
2505r::All I know is that when they go to facebook only comments, these articles won't have more than 200 comments. Advertisers will leave ESPN.
nba is the worst::Where did you read that?  (Is Disney buying facebook)?
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>NOBODY is more delusional and makes up more BS than you do!  Carry On TROLL</b>
BigCas3232::LBJ won the title last year with BOTH Bosh, and Wade hurt.  If they are both healthy this year.... it's an easy repeat.
YankeesHeatGiantsFan4Life::Its never an easy repeat, every team is better. Repeating is always harder than winning the 1st time. As long as everyone is healthy and the Heat play their hardest and best, they should win it all again this season.
Chi.Twn.Native::Breaking news: Miami is a fake sports town. Heat "fans" only got interested in 2010.   FYi: "Scarface" is not a true story.
miami360x::The Bulls had no fans before MJ. You guys invented the bandwagon.
miami360x::They would have if he won any titles with them.
305Willis::Did they also become temporary Wizards fans during his time there?
305Willis::What's the time record for staying on here making stupid comments?
FeFyeFoeRun::The Pathetic Blue Light Troll Owns that record Hands Down! <b>EVERY SINGLE DAY!</b>
nba is the worst::Why make stuff up?  what a sad example you are!
FeFyeFoeRun::He stole it though. It should be banned. It even has the authors name on it. Just another violation by that Troll against the TOS.
305Willis::That is a pretty cool avatar, though.
The Rock 8.0::Thats what she said
Master.Of.Everything.::LeBron already has more triple doubles than MJ.    LeBron = More complete player
LARRY79148::Kobe scored. 81 in one game
nba is the worst::So "more triple doubles" is the goal - or is it more titles?
FeFyeFoeRun::Chicago + Jordan had NO COMPETITION like Lebron and the Heat have to face nowadays.  Pay Attention TROLL!
nba is the worst::So the ability to lead your team to a championship isn't a skill (that results in things like Finals MVP)?
Master.Of.Everything.::I'm talking who is the better player.  That is individual.  Championships are a team achievement.
FeFyeFoeRun::Lebron is better than jordan no debate!
LARRY79148::U crazy when u said MJ had no  Competition u r nuts !!! Some call the cops this guy  Might be sick in the head he needs help ASAP!!!
FeFyeFoeRun::not suspended yet? shortly.
nba is the worst::At Finals record scoring decline, correct - and that's rare for you
FeFyeFoeRun::And as for the West fans  Heat 1-0 vs the Spurts Fraud Heat 21-5 vs West  <b>Nuff Said</b> <b>EASY REPEAT coming Up!</b>
LARRY79148::With a little help from the  Refs !!! No with a lot of help From the refs !!!
FeFyeFoeRun::Thank-you Giants for Taking out those NE frauds Twice in the Big Game!
LARRY79148::Miami u better watch out the Pacers  R looking good &amp; i think they have  Revenge on there minds !!!!
LARRY79148::&amp; this time the refs  R not going to help Miami  I hope they don't! !  But will see  Pacers come out the east! !!
FeFyeFoeRun::Pacers are the Only Threat in the Entire NBA to the Heat. Ill give you that!  <b>ABSOLUTELY NOBODY in the West can Beat them in 7 NOBODY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</b>
305Willis::2 years in a row the Celtics owned the Heat during the regular season and then came the playoffs. Nothing in the regular season matters.
FeFyeFoeRun::ask the bulls and knicks too. <b>LMAO</b>
nba is the worst::Nor does what happened the past 2 years tho
miami360x::They got their revenge already. Now we are starting to peak and its back to business.
LARRY79148::They got the heats heart  In there back Pocket
miami360x::Well thats about all the revenge they're getting.
nba is the worst::Can't get revenge in the reg season
LARRY79148::Wade gets 33 &amp; the media kisses lebum james  A s s.  He's a bum king bum
Montgomery Jones::Dude it doesn't matter who you play against there is something the most athletes have in common and that's ego and pride... I'm pretty sure they were pissed LeBron got one off on them. They all get paid I'm just saying no one lays down and says "Would you like to flirt with a quadruple double" lol
Montgomery Jones::He got a triple double lol.
LARRY79148::He can have a common cold &amp; they'll Say he's playing with swine flu He got a triple double against  The 76'ers.
Montgomery Jones::I'm a die hard Bulls most definitely but this is absolutely the first time their big 3 has clicked as a unit. Bosh's role is changing he's becoming more of a scoring option and he's shooting efficiently along with Wade and LeBron which gives the other guys more shot opportunities and a chance to get into a rhythm. As far as OKC goes yes James Harden was a big piece of the offense because he ran the offense in the fourth quarter and made Westbrook more of a 2 guard. I think letting James go was the best thing they could have done. Kevin Martin is a solid scorer and has been for quite a long time. You get him at a fraction of the cost and don't lose anything in the team chemistry department. People seem to forget the player that carried the Thunder through that Miami series was Westbrook. Harden seemed to lose his touch from the field and the line. Durant wasn't as efficient as we are accustomed to seeing him. It may have been their first time in the Finals (OKC) but why hurt the teams financial flexibility when you have contracts already to Ibaka, Westbrook, and Durant. There is also a bench that needs to be involved in the equation and the rest of the starting line-up.
Bigrob80305::Miami the Road Warriors-ESPN doesn't care, Fakers win at home vs Portland front news headline for 3 days-LOL! Miami owns the West, NY and Indy will see this version of the Heat come the playoffs!
Montgomery Jones::length bothers the Heat a ton. George and Granger can play some D... You have a 6'8" 2 guard and a 6'7" SF yea there will be some problems and with the way the Pacers are playing at home they'll only need to win 1 in Miami.
FeFyeFoeRun::like last year? <b>move along now kid</b>
nba is the worst::"Maybe not"  -11 Mavs
FeFyeFoeRun::again multiple posts of the same BS over and over. ref help * titles 2011 mavs etc etc etc  <b>Time for the mods to take action on the Troll again!</b>
Treydey10::"Maybe So" -2012 Thunder
jfreeland88::key number, 11
FeFyeFoeRun::New York Chicago + Boston have absolutely NO SHOT against the Heat in a 7 game series!  Indiana may win 1 or 2!  West will get Swept or go down 4-1!  <b>FACTS!</b>
FeFyeFoeRun::That would be last years playoffs results Heat 4-2!  <b>Remember you're beating Son!</b>
LARRY79148::Pacers will win 4-2
cltr0430::Please, they only played Philly. The only people who care about the Miami Heat and Lechoke are ESPN, Stern (who I think he is having casual sex with them), and bandwagon fans who have no loyalty to any team ( only when they are on top).
YankeesHeatGiantsFan4Life::also I don't know if you realize the more hate and insult LeBron gets, the better he gets. So feel free to keep calling him LeChoke and all that crap because unfortunately for you and his other haters, he has become a great clutch player by making the winning play in clutch situation close to every time now. I don't know if you watched the Bulls game on Thursday but the crowd cheered louder when LeBron came up limping after he was fouled. He simply dominated the rest of the game which resulted in a blowout. So keep hating on LeBron, it only makes him better. He has learned to use criticism to fuel him. Remember the leg cramps in game 4 against OKC? simply hit a 3 next play to put the Heat up for the rest of the game. If that wasn't clutch than what is?
YankeesHeatGiantsFan4Life::btw if stern and the refs actually wanted to fix the finals, they would have "let" OKC win. That is because everyone who is not a Heat fan wanted OKC to win. So in conclusion, you make no sense.
YankeesHeatGiantsFan4Life::dude I get it, I'm a Heat fan and they should own Philly, which they did. Its not our fault ESPN covers the Heat more than most teams because people love them and love to hate on them, thats how ESPN makes their money and its not their fans fault. Again the Heat owned Philly which they should, but seriously if you put in as much hard work for whatever you do for a living as the Heat and other championship teams do you would probably be a lot more successful. You have every right to hate the Heat but idc how the refs call a game, the better team always wins the championship. How did the Heat cheat is what I'm wondering. please answer that for me, thanks.
cltr0430::Yeah, The Spurs are used to be the best without cheating.
FeFyeFoeRun::Spurs will Not be in the finals to play the Heat this year. They Are Not I Repeat ARE NOT athletic enough to hang with ANY young good team in a 7 game series! They WILL NOT Beat OKC in a 7 game series!
cltr0430::Miami are always favored by the refs and stern, and that is the only way they can win a championship, just like last year.
FeFyeFoeRun::this another alias of worst or is he youre wife?
305Willis::I've been a Heat fan since their days at the Miami Arena. Zo was playing then, but that's before any of these current players. So I guess that makes you wrong.
jfreeland88::you aint got to explain your self, everybody hates a winner
FeFyeFoeRun::Is that why I have season tix on the aisle?
FeFyeFoeRun::and you being a spurs fan know more about Choking than anyone!
nba is the worst::Cavs even more short-handed than usual.  Heat won't need to play the starters more than 25 minutes max
lilboosiana::Cavs fans coming to stalk Lebron at the stadium like how exes Facebook stalk you after a break up. It's over, get over it!
FeFyeFoeRun::There IT is right on Cue!
nba is the worst::Psychologists refer to that sort of thing as "projection"
305Willis::She?
FeFyeFoeRun::Shes not a Cavs fan. Shes a delusional Obsessed paranoid Troll that Cant stay off Heat Conversations!
FeFyeFoeRun::You are Still here since 7 o'clock this morning? Talk about an obsessed Heat Troll!   <b>GET A LIFE ALREADY!</b>
nba is the worst::Sure, we never see YOU repeat "the same BS", right?
FeFyeFoeRun::Theres a difference with posting a couple of posts here and there rather than staying on ALL Heat boards morning noon and night repeating the same BS over and over just to TROLL! Hence you're multiple suspensions!
nba is the worst::;)  True - his hobby is hypocrisy - since he posts on other boards as well (not that there's anything wrong with that - just makes his incessant crying look foolish)
305Willis::Everybody needs a hobby.
FeFyeFoeRun::Seriously this A Clown is a Spurs fan. Why is he CONSTANTLY on Heat boards repeating the Same BS over + over instead of on his own teams board? Ref Help, Asterisk titles, Knicks Soon to be in First, etc etc etc. What a pathetic life!
lilboosiana::OKC made a very stupid mistake letting go of Harden. The funny thing is they could of amnestied Perkins rediculous salary and paid Harden. Perkins has got to be the most overrated guy in the league, the dude had Battier on him the whole time in the finals and didn't post him once. His defensive abilities are overrated too.
305Willis::It's strange because he was a key piece for the Celtics, but doesn't really do much for OKC.
lilboosiana::His defense was overrated for the Celtics too, KG hid his flaws. Perkins just had a big body and that's it, that works on slow big centers like Bynum.
nba is the worst::seems legit
FeFyeFoeRun::Heat will SWEEP the West this year or at worst 4-1!
Radray12::lebron rides another d1ck
305Willis::Oh, a Magic fan.
Radray12::no knicks. but like most of america I too hate the heat
lilboosiana::Miami will be a more complete team next year when they get rid of Miller and Haslem.  Those two dudes will create salary cap space to get a legit big man, hopefuly Greg Oden and someone else. Miller's contract will create 5-6 mil in cap space and i think Haslem has 4 mil.  I love Haslem but he is done, dude's jumper has been gone since his injury.
LARRY79148::Anything to help lebum james win some rings !! But wait didnt he say rings dont make u !!??!  If lebum james  Is the greatest y do u think he needs a big man inside.? ?
lilboosiana::He said rings ''alone'' doesn't tell the whole story. Step your reading comprehension up.
nba is the worst::I hope they get Oden too, that would be hilarious!
lilboosiana::Lebron will be reuinited with his dad!
305Willis::Who then will be their enforcer?
305Willis::What do you think they used Pittman for against the Pacers last season in the playoffs. You can't lose D Wade for even one game in the playoffs.
lilboosiana::They don't need one, Wade ain't no punk, that guy has a mean streak about him. Plus who is gonna do anything to Lebron?
BlackChick1987::I don't know how you can ask a team to defend Miami. James, Wade and Bosh are three legit SUPERSTARS in the NBA. They all shoot over 50% from the field. They can all score at least 30 or more on any given night. They can defend and pass. Then add the fact that they are surrounded by VETERAN talent that can shoot lights out from three point range. Allen, Lewis, Miller, Chalmers. What are you suppose to do?
LARRY79148::The Pacers is the team  that will kick the heats  A s s !!!
nba is the worst::Use the '11 Mavs fomula, of course!
nba is the worst::Was he healthy in the '11 Finals?
lilboosiana::nba is the worst - Limit turnovers, don't double lebron, guard the perimeter, make your threes. Worked well with the Knicks this season "with shooters like Allen, Lewis,etc."  One problem, you are putting way too much meaning in regular season games. If you think Miami is going to play like how they played the first two games then you are lost.  not to mention, Wade wasn't even healthy in those two loses.
nba is the worst::Limit turnovers, don't double lebron, guard the perimeter, make your threes.  Worked well for the Knicks this season "with shooters like Allen, Lewis,etc."
bpardo95::So shoot an unprecedented mark  from midrange and beyond.  Check
lilboosiana::That formula was pure luck, the Mavs caught Miami in the formation stage when they had ball movement problems and no perimeter shooting. Miami would kill a team playing zone defense with shooters like Allen, Lewis,etc.
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Get Lebron in foul trouble. Oh wait, four years and counting since last foul-out.
lilboosiana::Bosh is a star, he isn't a superstar. There are probably less than 5 superstars in the NBA. Lebron, Kobe, Wade, Durant, and Howard when healthy.
lilboosiana::305Willis - Howard? I don't think so.  Dwight Howard took JJ Redick and Jameer Nelson to the finals, be quiet. Don't let the slander from ESPN blind you, Howard is a franchise changer.
MDILLA619::305Willis - Howard? I don't think so.  BoSh is kieth closs at best!
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::Why would you put Wade and Howard when you have Kobe and Carmelo???
BlackChick1987::I see what you mean but i still think he a lil underrated. He is the third option on the team and he is a 8 time allstar. lol
305Willis::Howard? I don't think so.
felipe12341234::I like how ESPN says the Heat rode Lebron's triple double, yet Wade goes 14-18 and gets 33 points.
lilboosiana::Kind of how people like to pretend that Kobe five rings came from him being the best player on those teams. Ha!
segunm1::there are 5 lebrons on the floor, remember?
segunm1::I don't like lebron, but i think he's a very good player
Christopher -Bosh::Wow Mr Obvious
segunm1::I know right.... you want me to say he sucks just because of hatred
brattwurst n mustard::i can't decide which crack smells better after a game..."wade - smells like provolone...bosh...mushrooms...chalmers, feta.".  i love the after game sniff - lebron
Miami-Star1::I love Lebron, but man some people forget how good Wade is, but i think Wade plays better when no one talks about him
305Willis::D Wade plays his very best when some dumb $@% from the other team pisses him off. You can hang it up then.
zachzach1010::D Wade. 1st ballot HOF.
zachzach1010::I love the smell of fresh hate in the morning.  ~ LeBron
brattwurst n mustard::as well as crusted crack
tmoneyinmphs::Dwade's 14 of 18 shooting and 33 points didn't have anything to do with the win.
nickregner::I guess Miami rode Lebron's triple double... Dwayne Wade had nothing to do with the win.
longhornbush::You are right he was not mentioned in the article anywhere. Oh wait he was. Obviously the best player in the world is going to draw the first line.
nickregner::he didn't even have the best game.
Christopher -Bosh::The Media is  stupid
Mike91836::La-bomb couldn't hold my jock let alone at least 2 dozen players better than him. Miami Cheat! What a joke!
miami360x::tissue?
brattwurst n mustard::more like miami69me
brattwurst n mustard::buy your own feminine napkin
fairandbalanced00::When MIAMI'S third scoring option is better than your team's go to guy then it's over in the East....AND when MIAMI'S Big 3 are shooting above 50% each, then just hand them over the NBA trophy because there is nobody stopping them!!
eday050694::They did shoot over 50% on the year: Lebron: 56.7% Bosh: 54.8% Wade: 51%
neotopia69::not in finals
nba is the worst::You sure?  -2011 Mavs
nba is the worst::They weren't in 2011?
6_23_LBJ_MVP_HOF_CHAMPION::The OP said "when MIAMI'S Big 3 are shooting above 50% each, they are basically unbeatable".
RickyWolfioGOAT::lets go mavs
brattwurst n mustard::lebron - wow! best player ever for the heat!
balldaylong::*of all time
longhornbush::Which Heat player is better?
brattwurst n mustard::a real opinion or you waking up in his bed?
brandonlee561heat22::Worst, will Parker be ok, or did he just get cut?
nba is the worst::Cut?  You know Pop likes to rest starters, after all, it's not his money
balldaylong::Lebron is the best overall player to ever touch a bball. little factoid for the day.
Youre Exposed::Here's a real factoid... Larry Bird is the only player ever in the NBA with a career average of 20+ ppg 10+ reb 6 ast...
nba is the worst::you misspelled opinion
thetrickbob::actually its true more ppl watch hockey, like no one cares about the nba
thetrickbob::yeah i know i was gonna troll but its dead, but yeah i tried to watch the bulls and the heat play but it was just wayy too boring
JAMESGOAT::thetrickbob - who watches the nba? i heard more people watch nhl  LOL!! JOD joke of the day
balldaylong::apparently you care enough to be on this board.
thetrickbob::who watches the nba? i heard more people watch nhl
balldaylong::why do you have 15 different favorite teams?
thetrickbob::derrick rose is better than Lebron
thetrickbob::i'm jk nba is boring as hell who watches this crap?
MDILLA619::The man that's better than lebro
ndcccc::it's a helluva drug.....
gianmani::who is rose?
808life::'Bron is the best athlete to have ever graced this planet.  If he only had wings, and laser beam eyes, he would be the only human left.  God, you better watch out when 'Bron heads up there.  You will have a rival.
MDILLA619::The stuck on island philosophy
MDILLA619::Nose brown
nba is the worst::WOW (way to slurp)
whit4576::It's interesting that Grant Hill is still third on the list. He may have been #1 were it not for the injuries. The mid-90s version of Grant Hill was more similar to Lebron than to any other player past or present.
gianmani::hill could've become the best sf had he not been severely injured
philadelphiaproudsince08worldseries::Celtics havent done anything but 1 ring in the last 20 years
MDILLA619::Better than the heat
longhornbush::You know, factually speaking that is not true... Heat have two rings in that time
Christopher -Bosh::better than the Knicks
YeahTerps420::I need feminism because: I'm a Heat fan.
ndcccc::well, you are a wizards fans. you have your terps to focus on now
GalwayIrelandLovesThePatriots::Can't wait until Lebron and the Heat crash miserably in the playoffs.
Dj3garrett::You're still waiting from last season, huh? Hahahahahahahahahahahahah
Miami-Star1::Lame, the Heat deserved to win that series, stop crying Worst
nba is the worst::Guess you missed game 2, with the 47 ftas handed the heat
ndcccc::and the Heat beat your old Celtics along the way. Shortened season should have helped those old legs, what was the excuse, lol?
ndcccc::GalwayIrelandLovesThePatriots - Oh, that short season title they won? I'm so jealous! What, is that like their 2nd title?  Celtics have 17 ;)  how many since '88?
GalwayIrelandLovesThePatriots::Oh, that short season title they won? I'm so jealous! What, is that like their 2nd title?  Celtics have 17 ;)
Christopher -Bosh::please be realistic,  you clown
MDILLA619::Come up with your own material you clown aimed @ cbosh
GalwayIrelandLovesThePatriots::I am. Anything can happen in the NBA. You must be a shallow fan.
Lebron James takes PEDs::ESPN sucks bob lees co.ck! john saunders and sports reporters is racist!
