J-SMOOVE2031::Lakers going for the season sweep tomorrow baby!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RonTuna::YEAH LAKERS!!! CONFIDENCE..is leaving for a 3 day fishing trip off Baja at 3pm the 9th, leaving the LAKERS TO SMACK THE LOLLYGAGGERS!! LOL
abenezer44::garnett torn acl in 09 really messed him up, if it wasnt for that the celtics would had three peat
RonTuna::NADA.....I was out fishing off Baja....LAKERS KICK  BUTT=BOTTOM LINE
sky6garcia::Don't expect sympathy from a Lakers fan regarding injuries in an NBA Finals.
J-SMOOVE2021::boston fans always make excuses.  it gets really old.
Zonker40::Yeah yeah... and if Elgin Baylor hadn't blown out his knee the Lakers would have won a couple more... what-if scenarios are pointless.
RomeNice::Sound like an excuse to me
333Broncos_Fan333::http://www.facebook.com/pages/Blame-It-On-Lebron/275306269201368
Dave5227::I would trade Garnett for Shawn Kemp right now!
adamcozadd::Larry Bird's newest comments really angered Kobe...wow!: http://www.omdoubleg.com/sports/is-larry-bird-dating-lebron-james/
didididit2::lol, greatest post ever.  liked it on facebook, my friends need to see this in LA
barrybarry8::haha, Larry Legend is mean!
abenezer44::garnett give that paycheck to charity, i had a better shot of making a shot in the game than he did last night
hapatino::Two teams just 3 and 4 games over .500. Who cares. None of those 2 will make any major noise in the playoffs.
Dave5227::Wait....Wait.....Oh, darn, Garnett just missed another shot!
Zonker40::So 6 of 24?  No Lakers fan should EVER bring up that stat.
NYpunjabi1::They won by 1 point. No biggy for the C's.
Zonker40::Yeah, the Giants won because of one dropped pass... I bet Boston fans are totally okay with knowing that...
bow3599::Good game for the Lakers, Boston started out so hot, either way when overtime started, I didn't feel good for Celtics chances, none the less there is no other matchup I enjoy watching more in the NBA then Boston vs L.A.
42Wolverine21::i be changin diapers all day wit nothin to show for it
nystateveteransportman75::The Los Angeles Lakers and Detroit Red Wings appear like the are not slowing down anytime soon. They are run by ownership which they look like they could go another 20 years of mostly winning and Championship years.
Mightymoose02::Count the Yankees into the Lakers/Red Wings conversation.   Steelers and Packers probably belong in that group too.
clam608::Winning title is in the Los Angeles Lakers' DNA, no more no less.
42Wolverine21::boston and lakers fans bein very rude human beings
nystateveteransportman75::Has not been a good week for the Boston area in sports. Sabres beat the Bruins. Lakers beat the Celtics. Giants beat the Patriots.
Deven3091::Today's the anniversary of when Ray Allen became the all time leader in threes made, passing RM. Ironically, he set the record against none other than the Lakers.
kevlakers20::yea clam im a lakers fan, but you sir are an idiot.
Drew51636::Lakers won by one in overtime, you're an idiot.
clam608::Celtics got their (_|_) spanked in that game, just saying.
nystateveteransportman75::Even without Phil Jackson the Lakers can still beat the Celtics
Jbonecrusher17::AYYYOOO
42Wolverine21::these boston facilities realy goin down hill they don even got toilet tissue at dem games
VaiNot::Gisele thinks Allen should have gone up stronger to draw a foul.
clam608::Asking an old dude to go up stronger in late game is like asking a malfunctioned rocket to go into orbit.
mark35345::Blocking Ray Allen's shot isn't a big deal. I'd like to see Gasol challenge a big man in the paint and block his shot. He could have challenged O'Neal but he didn't. Both teams looked slow and old but Bynum and Gasol should pass to each other more often (it's taken them this long to figure it out?).
sprtfanusa::I'll take a game winning play any way I can get it.The point is to WIN the game.Geez!
rex_coach::That is your opinion and you can have it...  Have a great day...
Zonker40::He's more like a more talented Lamar Odom right now... all he needs is 10 pounds of candy and a Kardashian.
BakoCowboys::Ok its suppose to happen AND your point is what? Gasol isn't going to bang against big men he isn't going to stay in the lane he is a Power forward not a Center there is is big difference. Yeah he is suppose to be near the lane but the Center is the one that suppose to contend with the big men Gasol is just help but if you knew basketball you would know that all ready.
mark35345::Those are the facts: Gasol does not play consistently against big men on contending teams. Maybe that will change - but at this point he's the P.Gasol from last year - not two years ago.
rex_coach::wow.  Had he made the basket, you would have said he should have blocked it...  lmao
mark35345::Let's see Gasol block shots in the paint against the Mavericks, the Trailblazers, and the Nuggets. The Lakers should have won the game by ten points in four quarters - last night wasn't a big deal. Two old teams that are tired (except Rondo).
mystik-eye::Blocking the winning shot is no big deal? Epic Fail!
mark35345::Allen is six four Gasol is seven one - this is suppose to happen. Both teams played their age and speed last night. Both look like early playoff exits.
42Wolverine21::gasol droppin a dudu at halftime realy helped him
tbIce33::if only the Lakers could have held on to guys like Shannon Brown and Jordan Farmer.
ComeBreakMe::What a great game between the League's 2 most storied franchises.   That block by Gasol was legendary.
tbIce33::seriously after I saw Austin Rivers hit his GW I immediately said that bos would lose on the final play, making doc wish he had his son. hahaha
AlexJanisse2::This rivalry is demeaning.
dave mccarver::33 championships combined!!!!!!!!
Zonker40::I think the idea that the Clippers have a rivalry with anybody is demeaning...
bgeelove::Lakers have to do something soon to get rid of Derek Fisher and Ron Artest. There are too many times they are having nights like they did last night. How can a point guard get just two assists a night on a regular basis. I'm not going to talk about his 0-7 shooting. Start someone else or get someone else.
sprtfanusa::You have to keep artest because of his D. he cant score but he can still lock down some of best the players in this league, plus he is tough as nails in big games.
rex_coach::The signing of Mike Brown caused this...  The Lakers have a bunch of Triangle guys out there...
2kobeisgood4::Man i starting to hate Fisher because he is really hurtingb this team he should retire and take peace with him
Zonker40::He's never been a point guard though... Kobe was always in the Scottie Pippen role in the triangle and that's the true point guard... Fish in the triangle mostly spread the defense and took open threes.
rex_coach::I agree...  I love what he's done for the org and all, but he has run his course...
TB12-10::Seriously though ... It was great to see an awesome game last night vs the Celtics and Lakers. My favorite rivalry as a Boston fan, and that's saying a lot.
TB12-10::That's how real fundamental basketball is played where teams actually D up. You must be a Knicks fan ....
dave mccarver::when you have 4 locks for the hall of fame and a few potential HOF members playing, it's always exciting.
Mister.k.::Heat can blow these two teams out and so can OKC and so can Bulls.   The implication is that Lakers and Celts are OLD! So there's only so much excitement they could offer when they play each other.
Mister.k.::as exciting as watching grannies pillow fighting.
Mister.k.::Yawn! Kobe getting bailed out by big men. What else is new?!
GYGNotes::Larry Bird has a closet full of Kobe jerseys.
Doo Doo Brown2000::Let's leave the mother's out of this.
2kobeisgood4::you lasting more than a minute during sex
hapatino::That's LeBron's fault.
Mister.k.::your mama's fault.
TB12-10::Celtics   153-121 all time vs. Lakers in the regular season.   9-3 vs. the Lakers in the Finals.  17 Championships to the Lakers 16  17-4 all time in the Finals/ Lakers 16-15  You do the math ....
sky6garcia::Nice try Celtics fan, every one outside of Boston recognizes the Lakers as the greatest franchise in NBA history.
nystateveteransportman75::Lakers hold the big lead since the Magic vs Bird era
clam608::Damn, the guy needed to google the stats just to feel good about the garbage Celtics. How about since Magic and Bird retired? The Celtics have been to the lottery more than I can count.
GYGNotes::Yep - the Celtics definitely hold a small advantage when you factor in stats from when Dwight D Eisenhower and John F Kennedy were Presidents.  Congrats on that.  Yay history!  Lakers have had MUCH more success in the modern era of the NBA - in fact its not even close.  They've also won two (2) back-to-back championships and one THREE-PEAT during that era.  Boston hasn't won consecutive championships since Lyndon Johnson was President (that's the 1960s for all you Boston public school grads).  But yes, the Celtics dominated the black and white photography era.
JEGRAY53::Lakers versus Celtics since Magic vs Bird  Lakers 10 titles Celtics 4.
mystik-eye::What have they done lately against the Lakers?
boom.shaka::I did the math and I came up with:  neither team is as good as their history.
Saints8365::Kobe going for his 6th. I can see it now
Kobethamvp24x::Lakers own the Boston Garden  5 straight wins son!
OttosAnOrange::for the first time in a long time, no shot at seeing either of these teams in the finals. and this does not upset me at all.
TB12-10::I wouldn't count either team out yet .... Doesn't look good but you never know.
OttosAnOrange::you equate rape and traveling violations on a basketball court. your opinion is meaningless to me.
TB12-10::Not only does Kobe away with rape but he also gets away with traveling. Good stuff refs ....
Saints8365::Dude Lebron Travels like hell... and Kobe didnt rape that girl...OJ killed those two people but Kobe didnt do anything
OttosAnOrange::yeah, because those are comparable issues.
muchisimasgracias::Dude, the NBA got rid of that call like 15 years ago, where have you been?
boom.shaka::I remember when Jordan got called for traveling once -- he gave the ref the "I'll let you live...THIS TIME" look.  It was hilarious.
muchisimasgracias::Kobe Bryant. Extraordinary. Extraordinary (said with english accent).
maxret::This was a terrible game The C's had the lead all night long then dropped the ball in the forth ! - and in overtime? we still have to come to L.A. and payback is a Vanessa Bryant !!!!!
crawnjc1982::honestly this rivalry is getting exciting sometimes yet sloppy.
mystik-eye::Its a beautiful thing to wake up after the Lakeshow beats the Celtics.Great game like 2 old bulls battling it out!!
Fantasy Loser::This was a good game, but not a good game that could preview anything for June. These two teams are not Finals material, Kobe can only carry the Lakers so far, and his game is either their blessing or their curse depending on the night. The Celtics, well they could make a run if the league makes checking the ball at the top of the three point line a rule so they don't have to run up the court anymore.
Saints8365::I would have to disagree. Though you make valid points. Kobe can take his team to the Finals. But can his team win it for him?
crawnjc1982::point well said. neither one of these teams will be there come finals time.
muchisimasgracias::Whether you love Kobe or hate him, you gotta recognize that old man can still flat out BALL!!!!!!!! That guy hits the toughest shots with defenders all over him. He never ceases to amaze!! Easily the best player since MJ
JEGRAY53::I will take Kobe 1 on 1 against any player in the league.
Its Lebrons Fault::I dont even consider Kobe that old.
Saints8365::Thats why we say he old. In Nba years he is
muchisimasgracias::Not that he's that old, but he's got a LOT of miles on him. Coming in the league at 18 and playing on the USA teams a lot. That's a lot of basketball!
Saints8365::*Miami Fans come in*
crawnjc1982::?
Saints8365::KOBE! KOBE! KOBE!
Cadillac_Too_Cold::I've got no problem with MWP, we didn't bring him in for his 3 point shooting, Barnes either. I do have a problem with guys like Kapono and Blake. Guys who're supposed to be shooters. Other than that i can be patient with guys like MWP, Barnes and Fisher because i know their Value come playoff time.
boom.shaka::Don't blame Kapono and Blake, blame Pau Gasol.  The Lakers gave up any chance of getting quality shooters when they traded picks and cap space to get acquire and retain Gasol.  It worked in the short run, but it's time to pay the piper -- whining about now is just a waste of time an energy.
boom.shaka::Yep and it was a good run too...but it came at the expense of the Lakers future, which is now.
crawnjc1982::you had it right the first time "made"
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Gasol is what made/makes us a contender.
Cadillac_Too_Cold::Kapono is the most worthless of the white boys, except for Walton of course. It's not like he has to learn a whole new offense, just hit your wide open shots.
Its Lebrons Fault::If I were Kapono, I would be practicing 3's from that same corner day and night
Yungdubz27::Blake shooting 35% from 3 though...he isn't horrible just hasn't played many games. I think he should start if we can't get anyone better.
Saints8365::Great Statement. Honestly I think we should get rid of Blake
ynot1825::great game by two storied franchises...... O rebounds are the demise of the C's once again..
muchisimasgracias::.
Dave5227::Power (insert laughter here) forward for sale...decent medium range jumper (not including last night), no post-up game, no defense, no rebounding, can't play long minutes cuz he's 4 years younger than Steve Nash, likes to bang his head on basket and punch players in the balls. Ran well in 2008...Willing to trade for like player, money or food...Serious inquiries only! Ask for Dan!
ACandOJ::Weird to think he is only a year older than Kobe....guess work ethic really matters
Dave5227::Sssssshhhhh.....
Its Lebrons Fault::does he hate people with cancer?
Yungdubz27::LOL, how the mighty have fallen.
jaylee883::gasol in february 19.5 pts 14.5 rebounds and 1.5 blocks, thats the gasol the lakers need to make a serious run
Yungdubz27::Thats what I don't understand, you mean to tell me Pau can't get these numbers every night? You mean to tell me Pau can't play as aggressive as he was last night every game?
Jbonecrusher17::Kobe tell me how my ARRSSS tastes   http://sportsclerks.com/
boom.shaka::You let Kobe lick your ARRSSS?  ewwww!
jaylee883::Lakers are starting to pick it up a bit lately gasol seems to be finding his place in the offense now. Its up to the bench to start producing and the lakers could quite easily contend even with the roster they have right now. I think if they do add gilbert Arenas like the rumors have been indicating, that will give them the scoring punch they need in the 2nd unit.
crawnjc1982::a washed up gilbert areas? mr banged up knee?
chewbacca1245::Through the years they have always had a 6th man, thats what they are missing.
chewbacca1245::Their bench is horrible, that will be their achilles heel all year unless they make some changes.
nba is the worst::Lakers favored by 3.5 tonight - vs the rested Knicks.  Hmmm
crawnjc1982::if the lakers lose this game im goign to roll outta my chair laughing.
jaylee883::melo out amare out = lakers favored by 3.5
boom.shaka::I love how kids try to make an argument based entirely on stats.  It's so cute...
sprtfanusa::stat's are a great base for an debate...can't knock em for that.
Its Lebrons Fault::agree. Stats dont tell the whole story. I judge with my eyes
sprtfanusa::It do's mean the productive players are doing they're jobs...If the team is not doing well it also means you need MORE productive players.
Its Lebrons Fault::good point too
boom.shaka::30 and 20 mean nothing if your team sucks.
Its Lebrons Fault::Does he do this in the 1st 3 quarters and quit the 4th quarter?
sprtfanusa::can you not see if a player scores 30 and grabs twenty boards? Or is it more important to look good doing it?
sprtfanusa::It's funny how people are always saying Bynum will fall and Gasol cant play anymore yet they continue to rack up around forty points and 20 or more boards between them every night.
crawnjc1982::Typical? come now.....this is a laker team that people predicted to be blowin teams out the water. but thats what they said last year and they got swept by an even older dallas team. it just depends on who they play or who theyre matched up against come playoff time.
boom.shaka::Who predicted this Lakers team would blow anybody out this season?  Other than a few dozen folks here that is?
sprtfanusa::I'm not predicting a Lakers championship,anyone who know Bball can see the holes in this team...Still, when you have Kobe,Gasol, and Bynum they will be a difficult out...No shame in losing to the eventual champion.
crawnjc1982::its always  haters isn't it?. with those numbers theyre road record should be better than what it is now and theyre overall record
sprtfanusa::Both Bynum and Gasol can score late in games, they don't get much of a chance at it as Kobe generally take 60 to 70 percent of the shots in the fourth Q.
sprtfanusa::Lakers struggling on the road for sure, that's typical of an aging team...This team will still be very dangerous come playoff time...You can bet on that!
boom.shaka::Those numbers don't change the fact that the Lakers are thin at SF and PG -- that's the reason they don't have a better road or overall record.  Those numbers also don't show Bynum and Gasol's inability to create shots in crunch time - which neither can do - and that has a MAJOR impact on the team's overall record.
crawnjc1982::yep andwith all that being said the lakers still suck on the road too.
jaylee883::haters thats all
Dave5227::Heat lose finals last year.....LeBron's Fault!!!!!!!
sprtfanusa::yesterday's news!
Who_Through_Pooh::D Rose is the best player in the league right now. Respect. Word up. Get some. $@%! all.
chewbacca1245::Thats the problem, its about players and not about team.  There are no teams out there.  When I think of teams, I think of the Lakers and Celtics of the 80's or the Bulls in the 90's.  Its about individuals right now in professional sports.  They only care about their pay checks.
Its Lebrons Fault::people still say "word up"?
soldier00013::what league?
nba is the worst::Are you lost?
Nique_Olajuwon_Ew1ng::there is no clear cut best player in the league right now...which is kind of cool
boom.shaka::Agreed.  I've complained about the lack of depth in the league (due to free agency and expansion) but it's better than in the 80s, where you had 3-5 great teams and everybody else sucked.  Now we have 5-6 very good teams and 3-4 others who could do something with a little help.
chewbacca1245::Your point is?
