David Franson::When Jimmer is gone from Sacramento (which he undoubtedly will be very soon) who will all you Kings fans blame for the countless losses? The way he is trashed on these Kings boards, you would think he is the sole reason as to why the Kings lose, even though he is only allowed to see the floor in about half the games.  I don't care what all you doubters and haters say about his perceived "lack" of skills, no defense, etc....and no, I do not have a man crush on Jimmer, but just think he deserves to have a chance to prove his worth in the NBA before everybody writes him off as a terrible player.
Javier Fernandez::Best post of the night! Thank you! Watch this guy suddenly improve when he leaves Sacramento.
Chad Wiggins::Javier Fernandez everybody does... JJ  hickson couldnt make a basket in sac... left and went nuts.. thomas robinson is now coming around.... sacramento is a murderer of talent... solely because of the selfish type of players that exist there...
Javier Fernandez::Chad Wiggins , yes the Bobcats used to be the laughingstock of the NBA but no longer thanks to the Kings.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Hey Everyone, just ignore Chad wiggins. He is here everyday crying and complaining because his man crush no skills of a player isnt getting any mins, because he sucks in the nba level. I feel bad for the team that gets him, and the 4th coach ends up barely playing him because he plays scared, has no defense, is slow, and can barely finish a basic pick and roll, or a give and go. Anyways i wont be replying to him anymore, i dont care what he says, and neither should any of you. This guy is a secret kings fan, who cant admit it. PS like i said, jimmer is married. He will be out of the nba sooner or later because he has average skills.
Chad Wiggins::just ignore him... but dont ignore the fact that the kings SUCK year after year after year after year after year... and on and on and on..  yet there fans are a ok with seeing the same old selfish trash... ignorant fans are very bad for a franchise.. there is a reason the kings all but lost theirs... wake up, demand unselfish team basketball, or ur gonna get this crap... dont be happy year after year with the fact that u just have a team.. WANT TO WIN
Aaron Christensen::I'm as big a Jimmer fan as there is and I cannot stand reading Chad's posts either. It's not just on the Kings board either, He's all over the place.  There is a solid case to both sides of the Jimmer argument, but fact of the matter is Jimmer has to take advantage of the opportunities he does get and he definitely didn't do that tonight. I'm hoping Malone will go the next several games giving Jimmer 6-7min in the 2nd and the same in the 3/4th so he can just relax a bit and go play.
Craig Keller::sooner or later Lebron will be out of NBA! My guess is Jimmer will be out sooner and if his defense was average he would see PT
Joshua Hsu::are kings' fans still defending jimmer? still saying that "he just needs a chance to play"? the dude is completely outmatched in speed, height, athletic ability. he has shooting, but he can't create his own shot, so that leaves him pretty useless running the point (please reference the 16 seconds of dribbling on the majority of his playing time).
Aaron Barton::Only person on this page defending jammer is Chad Wiggins.  He has a major man crush with him.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Only dilusional fans still are, people need to face reality that jimmer sucks and "forget about it "
Chad Wiggins::Ernest Bagdasaryan so should u do the same about the kings.... the suck so bad.....  rarely win a game... take ur advise and abandon them... right?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Cousins doing everything on the court. Another monster game as usual. Love his passing this season. I can see why his averaging double/double, his passion and aggressiveness is on another level.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::22 pts, 10 rbs, 5 ast, 3 stls and third quarter just started. Cousins is playing like an all star this year.
Rene Covarrubias::well hopefully he and his team can pull this win for me
Chad Wiggins::Rene Covarrubias good luck with that... their fans dont care not one thing about wins.. they like those individual stat lines...
Rene Covarrubias::Chad Wiggins thanks for the good luck bro, i sure do need it
Randy Dixon::Great to see the kings are still a joke even with born loser Rudy gay
Karl Hungas::"liking" your own post makes you more of a joke than the kings......
Ernest Bagdasaryan::So that makes you happy lol ? please do your research. Born loser huh, he makes millions, far from being a loser.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::we need to start making some baskets and close the gap for 4th Q. Cant beat rockets and lose to bobcats.
Joshua Hsu::they left jimmer in 3 minutes too long this quarter and it just cost them the game.
Chad Wiggins::yet he has the sec best plus minus on the team... kings have the dumbest fans on the face of the earth
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Chad Wiggins  LOL have you ever been to a kings game ?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::agreed, jimmer will never have the confiedence of any coach in the nba.
Javier Fernandez::Is DeMarcus Cousins not the biggest punk in the NBA?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::lol angry bobcats fan. His a punk because his destroying your charlotte team ? What did he exactly do THIS GAME to bring out a troll who knows nothing about basketball. " did he look mean for one sec " is that it ?
Javier Fernandez::Destroying my team?You'd better check the score Ernie boy. That backwater Calif. village is on the low end. Cousins is a cancer and the Kings will never win with him on the team. He's a selfish me first player.
Chad Wiggins::Ernest Bagdasaryan DESTROYING? scoreboard.
Jamison Carpenter::Excited for the Cats game tonight! #CLT #Horncats
Ryan Hastings::Here's to more "Gay, Cousins Fuel" headlines in the future.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Ryan Hastings - LOL, im sure we will be seeing more of Gay Cousins and Gay Williams in the future. Maybe even Gay Thomas !
Chad Wiggins::kemba is lighting  thomas up
Jari Kokko::How is Cousins selfish…? he averages close to the top in the league in assists for centers.  Sure he turns the ball over a bunch, mostly being unselfish trying to pass it to guys though.  This is also just one game, I know, but take a look at how he got the points, 9/13 shooting is very efficient, and 12/15 at the line…. name another true center who can do that besides maybe Marc Gasol who gets to the FT line half as much anyway.  Cousins is the best. http://games.espn.go.com/fba/clubhouse?leagueId=6869&teamId=4&seasonId=2014
Jim Spadafore Sr.::Mr bags cousins is the most overrated players in the nba. He leads the suck kings I turnovers and he's a center for crying out loud. This is the freaking first year the head case has shot well from the field. He's usually around 45 percent and that sucks for a center. Cousins will NEVER be a winner mr. Baggy. He's a LOSER who pouts if he doesn't get his own way. He's a cancer mr baggy.
Keith Dennis::Kemba v IT should be a fun matchup tonight.  Never know exactly what to expect from the Kings on the road although their record indicates LOSS.   This should be a game they win with their new roster and lineup.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I agree, they are both similar in some ways. I dont see the kings losing this one, after the momentum from the rockets win. Then again, kings have a way of beating tough teams, and losing to low seed teams. So nothing is impossible !
Chad Wiggins::im surely enjoying it
Keith Dennis::Chad Wiggins I am sure you enjoyed Jimmers 1 for 7 shooting.   Wow what an amazing player.
Ian K-wizzie::Kemba is kind of killing IT at the moment.  I like IT, but that doesn't change the fact that Kemba is being guarded by a midget.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Anyone else notice the bobcats coach looks like a fat and older version of mike malone lol.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::1-5 shooting, a foul, and lazy defense, all in 6 mins. Great job jimmer !
Matt Behan::And the only player with an even +/- sometimes running an actual offense works.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Matt Behan If you say so lol. Thats why his been on the trade block all year and no one still wants him. I mean what do 3 basketball coaches know who have been around the game for a LONG time. Jimmer was a good college player in a weak conference, not a good nba player.
Matt Behan::Ernest Bagdasaryan interesting argument using "3 coaches" over the last 3 seasons whose combined record is 57-113.  Being on the trade block has nothing to do with how good a player is eg. Rudy Gay, teams just understand there is no point in trading for someone when they can get him at the end of the season for much less. And anyone who understands college basketball knows how good the MWC was that year by the mere fact they earned a #2 seed in the tourney
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I predict a 5 pt win by the kings. Final score will be around 90.
Randy Dixon::Lol yeah right kings are a complete joke
Jim Spadafore Sr.::Kings are the most selfish team in the nba!
Bobby Williams::bobcats on fire tonight kings look lost
Andrew Vellucci::cousins is a beast
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Yea, his balling !
Chad Wiggins::king fans always bash me after every game (loss) game and loss are pretty much the same thing.... they need something to help alleviate the fact that they get their brains beat out by teams like the bobcats every night.. go ahead and bash u pathetic bunch... i can take it... doesnt change the fact that ur boys suck tho
Keith Dennis::Dude Jimmer sucks.. get over it
Steve Carman::LOL at Rudy Gay! he has one good game and they think he's the saviour! always said he's cursed.. the guy was cursed at memphis that's why they got rid of him.. then raptors realised that and got rid of him too.. worst cursed ni-g-ger ever!
Eric Pennington::The Kings may lose this one just because they play to whatever the perceived level of competition is. Dallas, Houston, etc...they play well. Utah, and other below .500 teams, they don't play we'll at all.
Al Asifyouknow::Eric they are just plain terrible ...period...lol
