Ernest Bagdasaryan::Cousins with 17 pts, 11 rbs, 6 asts, to go with 3 steals and 4 blocks, 60 percent shooting ( Defense has improved dramatically this season )
Jason Magnotte::Kings have 10 blocks for the night. 1 from Jimmer even.  It's about time to see the Kings defending the court and playing some team ball.  This is the Kings team I want to see every night.  They could easily contend for playoffs if this was the mindset every night they step on the court.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Jason Magnotte Yea but even the best teams have bad games, or slow games, even 1-5 pt losses. Kings will end up with 30-35 wins. I dont know about playoffs at this rate in the west.
David Franson::Ernest Bagdasaryan, Kings probably a year away from making the playoffs.  They would need 43-45 wins this year to have any shot at making the playoffs.  The #8 team in the West right now, Phoenix, is on pace for 47 wins.
Adam Maher::I don't understand why Malone pulled Jimmer he was playing pretty well. 5 points in 4 minutes and he's moving the ball and his defense is decent.
Chad Wiggins::its sacramento, thats all u need to know... they all hate fredette... the players, the coaches, and most of all the fans... at least the fans that come up here... actually they just dont understand how a player could be so fun in college that his fan base follows him.... they dont care the thorton and maclemore are shooting 34% from the field and playing double the min of fredette when he is shooting 44% from the field and 48% from three.... it matters not..... nor does it matter that he actually moves the ball... they just cant stand him in sacramento... biggest wasted lottery pick of a player who was as hot as it gets coming out of college...  Theres an 80% chance u wont see him in the sec half... malone will ride the 2 for 7 shooting thomas because he doesnt trust fredette
Keith Dennis::Chad Wiggins Dude you are absolutely crazy.  I am a season ticket holder and here in Sacramento everyone goes nuts when Jimmer enters the game.   I see him for what he is and what he isn't.   The fans here scream for him to shoot the second he touches the ball.   Its about time you say what you know rather than what your think because clearly your thought process is questionable.
Steve Carman::Keith Dennis don't worry about Wiggins he's just bitter cause he's always backing the wrong team and losing his money LOL!
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Hey Demarcus Cousins HATERS, 15th straight double double, ( leads nba this season )
Emily Lauren Kuresa::He needs to make the All-Star team
Scott Smith::As someone who loves watching Jimmer I understand he has his weaknesses. As far as minutes go he should be getting atleast 15 minutes a game. Hes proven he can be a solid backup to IT and I think IT could use the rest. Im not sure why Malone has such a lack of trust in him. Hes played pretty well in the limited minutes he has been given. Anyways just a thought.
Chad Wiggins::oh gosh stop trying to play nice..... the only difference between fredette and thomas is the fact that one has the confidence of knowing that he will get every break
Kirk Knutsen::Chad Wiggins Sorry, but the other difference is that IT has the quickness to consistently get his own shot (and dish) off the dribble. IT doesn't play great defense either, but even though he's undersized he does have the quickness to stay with NBA point guards. Jimmer? Not so much on either count. Jimmer's future in the NBA seems to be as a spot up sharpshooter on a team with good enough team defense that they can compensate for his defensive shortcomings. The Kings just don't have the personnel to use him that way.
Joy Evans Leslie::Why is Malone keeping Rudy in the game for 42 minutes? This is a blowout. C'mon throw Fredette a bone. 7 minutes is a joke. He is clearly out playing Thornton and McLemore.
Zach Batizy::Free Jimmer!
Jim Spadafore Sr.::Kings win tonight.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I guess i have to agree with you there. Hopefully we dont let the same fast breaks happen like last time.
Brian McCarr::Kings got this
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Agreed, hopefully we dont let them hang around for too long. ( see Memphis game )
Russ Harris::Jacoby Jones...................ummmmmmm  what was that?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::LOL he was super high, Didn't even know where the Microphone was !
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Rudy gay is on a different planet right now, 41 pts, 8 rbs, 5 asts, 16-24 shooting ( 66.6 % )
Paul Malward::I poked my eyes out watching him in Toronto. Can 'to say I saw this coming , but good for him and good for the Kings.
Jim Spadafore Sr.::Hey bags, cousins has talent but he'll never be a winner because of his attitude and terrible defense. He pouts too much and is a cancer. Yes, he is shooting better this season but he's about a 45 percent career shooter and that's terrible for a center. And he's too turnover and foul prone. He leads the kings in turnovers and that's ridiculous for a center. He'll never make an all star team if people really know hoops.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::In neither of my 2 comments did i mention anything about cousins, how did he become the topic of your replys lol ? His attitude and personality has improved this season, and his averaging 1 blk and 2 steals a game on defense.  As far as all star, his putting up 23 pts and 12 rebounds a game, while shooting almost 50 percent with 3 asts a game.  His the best center in the league right now, just face it and be honest with yourself Jim. ( its obvious you hate him )
Garrett Wonnacott::Jim - I am not a hug Cousins fan and I too think it is pathetic that a 6'11" guy shoots 45% from the field.  However, Ernest is correct in that, this year, he has been the best offensive 5 in the game.  I disagree with Ernest on the D side, Javale McGee puts up monster block numbers and he might be the worst 5 ever so I like to put his stats aside and just observe.  I don't love his defense.  It's lazy and lackadaisical and he doesn't use his size enough to his advantage.  But still, there is no denying what he has done offensively this year.  He has been great, and even more impressively he has been at his best against some of the other top 5's in the west (e.g. Howard).
Patrick Foote::Rudy Gay = All Star  He always had superstar talent, but it looks like he's finally putting his tools to thier potential.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Kings cant let the same things happen as last game. Pressure tyreke in the paint, and stop giving up open 3's ! With the way kings have been playing in the last 10-15 games, this should be very close and competitive game.
George Jimas::jimmer is a poor man's redick, and that's all he will ever be. he would be a good fit for a tanking team like utah or orlando.
Keith Dennis::Most players go off on their old team... Marcus Thornton not included.   Please put him on the bench where belongs.
David Franson::Too much Rudy Gay for the Pelicans tonight.  Wow, talk about being in a zone! 41 points and counting...
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Suck it Pelicans !
Matt Elmore::Player 1: 16.6 PPG, 4.1 RPG, 2.3 APG, 17.41 PER, Salary: $6,875,480 Player 2: 16.2 PPG, 2.8 RPG, 3.2 APG, 16.20 PER, Salary: $14,283,844   This is not like Kobe Bryant, where he gets a pass this season because he's been a top 5 player since 2000. Here's a dude who gets paid almost $15 million to do absolutely nothing but score at an inefficient rate. The first player is Wesley Matthews, who is a "3 and D" specialist and makes a bargain for how he's producing. You don't have to guess which bum is Player 2...
Keith Dennis::Someone needs to more assertively tell the mouth breather to stop complaining all the dang time.  Jeeez man shut up!   Corliss you are being too nice.. please turn it to 10 when you pass that message on.
Jason Magnotte::What happened to Marcus Thornton? Wasn't he a stud for the Kings last year or something if I recall?  He was putting up 25 a game or something.  Now he's just collecting a paycheck it seems?
Daniel Valdez::He isn't good. He has never been anything more than average. The only reason he sees playing time on our team is that we have not had a good shooting guard for years.
David Franson::He has shown flashes of being a great shooter, but is way too inconsistent and streaky.  One night he will put up 20, next night he will get nothing.
Gordon Waller::What exactly does Eric Gordon do in order to earn 14 million?  Is he the Jared Jeffries of the Pelicans?  I thought he was better than that.  Is he paid to be "injured?"
David Franson::C'mon Kings, don't give away that big lead.  Pretty difficult to shoot 70% for a whole game.  Time to play some defense (tall order for the Kings to do on a consistent basis).
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Hows it going david, its 54 percent right now start of 4th Q, and 44 percent from three. Pelicans must have had a party the night before, because it looks like they just dont care. Who you got in the superbowl Franson ?
David Franson::Ernest Bagdasaryan, my team is New England, so I am kind of hating life right now.  I've gotta go with Denver, although I think it will be a close game.  Peyton Manning just too good this year.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::David Franson I had Patriots and Seahawks in the Superbowl, i guess im 1 out of 2. Seattle wins ( even though they tried to take kings )
Ben Lewis::I feel bad for Pelicans fans. That is one very bad basketball team right there... atrocious performance tonight
Iain MacNaughton::Can't feel too bad, they do have Anthony Davis
Ontonio Turner::7 free throws to one and a technical foul on their star player. Looks like Vegas means business tonight with Kings...
Jim Spadafore Sr.::Hey bags, your favorite thug Ciusins had a monster game Sunday night against the thunder - 6 for 17 shooting and seven turnovers. He's vastly overrated!
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Its spelled, Cousins. Sure focus on one game and ignore what he is averaging this season. Best big man in the game as far true basketball fans.  I can go pick and choose everyone on the pelicans who had bad games. by the way Cousins leads the nba this season with 14th straight double doubles streak.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Seems like you guys lost to OKC as well, ( tied with Portland at #2 ) If cousins was a free agent right now,  his agent would have gotten at least 1 call from every team, thats how good he is as of only being 23 yrs old.
