Anti-Stratfordian::nvm
Antsea91::Ughhh wall went 1-9....not looking good for my fantasy team
J-Tjuan::Bucks fix their 3rd quarter problem, they may be a scary team.
N.Papageorgio::What was the deal with Mason being inactive?  Why did they give his 2 points to Lewis?  They should have taken them away.
CandySparker::I expect Bucks to the future.
Yep Lets Rock::Maybe John Wall should retire to dancing LMAO
rentedduckling6::No Drew Gooden = Win for Bucks
obreezy32::Go Bucks.
ravenisthebest7::Where are the Nick Young blowhards now?
packerbob74::Lets see,,,,  We started on the road for the 16th season in a row,,, Now we go west for 5 games,,,,  The NBA loves us.....
rentedduckling6::Wow Gooden did great for the Bucks tonight! Won all because he warmed the bench
Edward4515::Im liking what I see from jennings so far, 20+ppg at 45%FG &amp; 85%FT, 3pt% is down to 30% but the less he takes the better. Could improve assist numbers to 6-8apg &amp; if the bucks continue to win games he could make a push for an all star spot. Bogut is doing well but he needs to get at least 15 shots a game. Jackson was supposed to our scorer but hes 10 for 33 after todays game. Needs to improve on that cause if jennings reverses back to a 39%FG player &amp; jackson is the same then this team is going nowhere.
perrypete::jennings needs to be moved to the two so livingston (their only defensive and unselfish point) can get his teammates involved!
twinstj2008::I like Jennings, but its not him nor the starters that are really carrying this team for the first few games.  The most impressive thing about the Bucks is their depth...Scott can go 10 or 11 deep and still get great production.  Jon Leuer has been a beast on the inside and Beno/Livingston have given the Bucks creditable scoring threats with the second unit.  I would like to see a lot better play from Larry Sanders, but frankly he is young and a little soft so we shall see how long he lasts.  Jackson will come around he always does seem to start the season off slow
dimesnz::jennings, jst needs 2 pace himself. bogs will b fine
Miller Park Mecca::don't expect him to hit 45% this year. I'd be happy with 41-42% and 6+ FT per game. That's good for 19-21 a game. He needs to take advantage of assist opportunities more by using his speed to distract opponents and kick the ball out. 5 assists a game isn't enough for a player of his talent.
Miller Park Mecca::dimesnz then u must gay cuz im sniffin wat ur missin l Very flattering but I'm afraid I'll have to decline your offer of buttsecks as I am not into that.
beuper91::^ im sure u could convince some syracuse fans..
dimesnz::doubt it bro
rinaldifam877::Time to Amnesty gooden
k2kc1985::Brandon Jennings is King!!!!! Along with Aaron Rodger!!!!!!!!!!!!!
k2kc1985::Braun!!!!!!!!!!!!!! He's innocent!!!!!!!
Miller Park Mecca::Yea, who else...some kind of MVP caliber baseball player....hmmmmm
craigman2008::This should shut some of the Brandon Jennings haters up
okplayer27::Is John Wall good at basketball? Serious question.
CosmoKramer1444::Too bad he was one of the only players in NBA HISTORY to avg 16/8 in his ROOKIE season. You morons.
BucsDucs99::Really good article that breaks down Wall's rookie season.  He has the potential to be an elite PG, but he still has a ways to go.  "Wall averaged 16.4 points and 8.3 assists per game, but those numbers don't tell the whole story. Advanced statistics show that Wall didn't have the most efficient season. His 49.4 true shooting percentage was 13th worst among all NBA point guards who played at least 15 minutes per game. Looking at Synergy Sports' Points Per Possession numbers, Wall doesn't fare much better. In the half court, Wall posted a PPP of 0.730, putting him in the bottom 15 percent of all NBA players. In fact, among the 395 NBA players with at least 100 half-court possessions, Wall's PPP ranks him 373. Wall needs to become more efficient if he wants to become one of 2012's breakout stars."  http://www.grantland.com/story/_/id/7328467/how-john-wall-become-star-second-nba-season
packerbob74::ESPN made him a superstar and now he is with the big boys and he is a normal player!!!
rentedduckling6::Hes better than me
okplayer27::barely
dimesnz::yay clap clap 2 u, u f@ ckn idiot. so clever mr marine biologist
dimesnz::he $@%!, aint gona b anyfin spec. jst a whole lot of hype, dnt gt 2 xcited
Miller Park Mecca::The only special fins are swordfish, fantastic.
pawlije11::MIlwaukee Bucks are going all DA WAY
d butler16::Gilbert Arenas dumb'A was the start of our downfall
beuper91::u sniffin, explains ur lack of knowledge and grammer lol... "nuffin". who talks like that?
dimesnz::then u must b gay, cuz im sniffin wat ur missin
dimesnz::ur muff?
Miller Park Mecca::I don't have any, not really a fan of baked goods.
Miller Park Mecca::will he change muffin?
dimesnz::no u guys needed him. wat u got now,  dre? he ain't $@%!. $@%!$@ wake up, it aint gilbert, its ur $@%!$ team. wall aint gona change nufin
CosmoKramer1444::Some people are morons. Wall would've been ROY if Griffin hadn't been injured. He is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO fricking far from a bust.
cmonson1::yeah, would have been one of the worst ROYs ever.
cmonson1::John Wall needs to $@%!$@ step up..
cycycychris::Its hard trying to be a Wizards fan :(
d butler16::At least they dont dominate the regular season and bounce out early in the playoffs
cycycychris::lol...yeah atleast the Capitals acually win games though.
Little dragon76::Come on Washington need another run!!!!!!
minerdude::What happened with Roger Mason
minerdude::never mind, he was forced to leave the game-- because he was not active. By the way not fuuny
Miller Park Mecca::alcoholism
WoodrowScott::I hope john wall is a better dancer then he is player
Susan_Hanson717207::Washington Wizards vs. Milwaukee Bucks   a site that claims to know something:   http://bit.ly/w13XsH
Edward4515::24pt lead cut to 11, here we go again.
champion_134::who's the 6th man of the bucks?
Miller Park Mecca::Gooden, Delfino, Mbah a Moute, Leuer.......
Baseballman.387::Capitals &gt;&gt;&gt; Wizards.
wadlez::No $@%!
Baseballman.387::Being a fan from the Nation's Capital SUCKS!!!!!
beuper91::the natls may have a pretty nice team if bryce harper and strasburgh are healthy.. but i still think the BREWERS are the team to beat in the NL.
wadlez::He is 19 who knows if he pans out. Gio is proven. Nationals rotation is sick.
rinaldifam877::the Nationals are $@%!$@% $@%!$@%! for trading AJ Cole.....dude is a future ACE
wadlez::If they get fielder they can compete for the division next season. Without him they are still in good shape in the near future. I'm in favor of signing him.
wadlez::Nationals will be good for the next decade
Miller Park Mecca::if they get Fielder
d butler16::April 2008 = Last time a non-hockey team made the playoffs January 2006 = Last time a non-hockey team won a playoff round
birdman._.::John Wall = Kwame Brown? Adam Morrison?
CosmoKramer1444::You saw his rookie season right $@%!$@%?
TectonicPlatter::Man John Wall go to a better team...damn.
StlRam839::Favorite part of the wizards is that they went back to the legit bullet jerseys
d butler16::Thought it was supposed to be this season
StlRam839::That they will finally rebuild
d butler16::What about the Rams this season?
Miller Park Mecca::Now if they would just bring the name back, and Bernard King.
xFrap::wizards won't win a game all season, calling it. you heard it here first
KGreen009::bucks and over?
winterfresh98::Spurs?  Really
winterfresh98::Waiting to see when Shaq and Barkely just jumps the table and have at it
wadlez::Wizards are the worst team in the NBA. From a Wiz fan.
rentedduckling6::No Miami Heat are
winterfresh98::You crazy.
winterfresh98::Wow, Wall?
BdevilFTW::At least Wizards fans have the team's sweet new unis to brag about.
bk swag::really sucks to be john wall
davcadix26::feel bad for the  wizards fans, years of suffering, draft wall and turns out to be a bust... Fire FLIP SAUNDERS TED!!!!!!!!! what the F K are you waiting for, a sign from god??
fifthorkid::Yeah Wall's a Bust ----you're an idiot
Daedalus Crete::your comment shows you dont watch.
davcadix26::whatever you say
K farm::So he's a bust because he's been struggling for a couple of games?
davcadix26::have you been watching wizards games lately???, he literally sucks defending and in half court offense, the most important parts of the game
Bala88::How does one literally suck defending? That makes no sense
cycycychris::calling Wall a bust????It has only been 1 season.He has not even played that bad either
Daedalus Crete::what nba do you watch cause wall isnt a bust. second runner up for ROY on a team with one shooter
cycycychris::Nothin working right now for Washington.This one is looking like it is going to be a blow out.
surfzone365::Ah, the Wizards. The new Clippers of the league.
wadlez::Could be true
winterfresh98::ha
winterfresh98::Bogey!!!
StlRam839::Bucks going to blow them out
K farm::Ersan is looking good!!
winterfresh98::I hope they can hold a good lead come the 4th, they almost blew that 20 point lead against the Wolves
d butler16::The Wiz blew a 20 Pt lead vs the Nets
beuper91::BUCKS R DA SHEEEIIIITTTTT!!
Wish-I-still-had-my-packerslebron-name::My money is still on the wizards..bucks don't show u,p in second half
