luvnbayes::Anyone who thinks Kevin Love isn't as superstar should be forced to watch last night's game.
carolann1515::top 5 player in the nba period
bigcountryballer54::Why does WES JOHNSON get more time than Beasley?
luvnbayes::Because he actually tries to play defense.
MikeThor::That half time was WAY too long.
Misterdizzle::KLove is a beast!
TYLILMAX::curry always hurt
spodol::Who writes these recaps?  I'm astounded how quickly I can identify errors in so many of these stories, and I don't even need to look anything up.  Please, do some fact-checking before writing these stories!  Editors, do your job!  As dafinchi (and presumably many others) noted, there is no way Kevin Love is going to become the Wolves' all-time leading rebounder any time soon.  It's terribly frustrating to read articles containing easily fixed mistakes.  Take some pride in your work, and get it right.
dafinchi::"As it was, the 6-foot-10 forward inched closer to passing Kevin Garnett for the most rebounds in team history. He needs just 11 to break Garnett's mark of 1,139."  I must be misunderstanding something... 1,139 rebounds is Kevin Garnett's record for most rebounds in a single season for the T'wovles, which happened in 2003-2004.  Kevin Love only has 591 rebounds this year, and there is no way he will break the record with it being a lockout shortened season.  Last year he easily could have broken the record had he not missed 9 games.
Egibbs19::It's the new math. If you take Love's 2010-11 rebounds (1112) and throw in the 17 from last night, he's only 10 shy of Garnett's 2003-04 single-season T'wolves record. I predict Love will grab the 11 rebounds he needs to break the record in a January 2013 game against the Grizzlies.
Vikadontis Rex::Wow there are a lot of people in here trolling the Warriors.  Why the Warriors? Why not spend your time trolling teams that were supposed to be good like the Magics embarrassing loss last night? Beating up on Warriors fans is like beating up on Bobcat, Nets, Cavs, and Wolves fans
Edudlufetips::kevin love is totally ridic.
Terry 1953::Didn't the coach say we will make the playoffs, i have news for you your team sucks
Goon-::When Nate Robinson is your best player you're in trouble.
Vikingsfanincali::David Lee is garbage.
WarriorsGO::Says the Viking fan.
WarriorsGO::good thing David Lee is
Kevin_Loves_Beard::I can't believe how much Warriors Fans hate their team. If you can even call them fans....Unreal.
aaaa080::Warrior fans don't hate their Team. They are among the most rabid in the NBA.  What was shown during Mullins Jersey ceremony was the angry displeasure towards Management for the trading of the popular Monte Ellis. And the fact with Stephen Curry out with injury, a lot of their scoring offense is missed.
WarriorsGO::He must not be that popular if u cant spell Monta right.
WarriorsGO::Yea I was pissed about that.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Hey Warriors, We know you suck really really bad but don't completely tank because we want your draft pick this year! -Utah Jazz Fans
Vikingsfanincali::Utah and Warriors = GARBAGE. Wolves will be better than both those teams for years two come. Oh ....and .who gives a $@%! about when MJ or KM were playing? Nobody.
WarriorsGO::says the Viking fan.
WarriorsGO::ur franchise is just as bad. How many ships u guys got? about as many we have since being in the Bay Area.
WarriorsGO::doesnt change anything. You have the same as us so ur franchise has won nothing.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::How many teams won ships when MJ was in his prime? 0
WarriorsGO::how many ships do u have? Isnt that what every team plays for? I dont think teams brag about o yea remember making the playoffs that year?
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::You don't make sense.... The Jazz ALWAYS have had a winning franchise, and the Warriors tend to suck every single year. Am I right or am i wrong?...i'll answer the question for you. I am Right. on our low years like this year we are better than your team.
Tron88887888::How's that trade working out gstate?  LOL
Vikingsfanincali::Bogut is and always will be , like Stephen Curry....INJURY PRONE. They will never make it in the NBA. Oden, Bogut and Curry.
WarriorsGO::says the Viking fan.
WarriorsGO::u cant even judge it until next year idiot. LOL
WarriorsGO::btw wheres Rubio?
WarriorsGO::bout as nice as your comments huh?
kenbomc::..nice cast though..huh?
WarriorsGO::exactly
kenbomc::meow
kenbomc::just thought i'd keep the warriors spirits up. :-)
WarriorsGO::your talkin bout the Warriors like ur franchise is known for being great or something. WHat have the Wolves EVER done?
kenbomc::well, at least that Bogut dude has a nice cast on.
WarriorsGO::Lacob has been here for less then a year and a half with a offseason that included the lockout. Give this guy a break. You guys are not even giving him time to change this franchise around. If u guys would look a lil deeper into the trade u would realize this trade is a win win for Warriors. If Bogut and Curry dont work out then Beidrins, Bogut, Jefferson all come off the books in a couple years and then we can finally rebuild. If it does work out then u are looking at a good playoff team. All of u are blaming Lacob for Cohans failures. Only thing I can say Lacob did was make big promises that he only made because he thought it would happen. It would have if Knicks didnt come in and steal Chandler and if Curry didnt have continuing ankle problems that they thought were over with this off season. Atleast Lacob is making moves TRYIng to change this franchise around unlike Cohan who would rather trade players away to save money aka the Jason Richardson trade.
WarriorsGO::I didnt even include the picks that we got from the trade and that he BOUGHT.
paul34135::Impressive fighting back for the Wolves!
Terrmac2657::I agree paul I mean they lose Rubio who had the Wolves playing right into the playoffs. And now there just trying to muster up everything they can to try and hold this thing together and maybe just sneak into the playoff picture again. BIG props to K Love and Adelman for there work. Lets hope the Pekasaurus can heal up quick here for our stretch run , we need him. And keep it up Luke , keep battling out there every night. 100 percent effort tonight on the road, good job guys.
PoRtEr_24::Nice work Wolves....Love was a beast once again and nice work from Tolliver in the 4th
AIadvocate::David Lee had a nice night and Love just dwarfed it.  ARF!! HOOOOOOOWWLLLLL~~!!!!!!!!!
kenbomc::Love is a stud.
WarriorsGO::true
WFan5::Good work Warriors, keep the tanking up. Lacob will be fine if this all works out :D
papoosee::mully makes me want to have a speech impediment
papoosee::good thing joe lacob owns a bidet, aka richard jefferson
papoosee::richard jefferson is gonna b the brian cardinal of GS
Strong Troll Forventhrund::$@%! you
papoosee::joe lacob needs a rim job after that speach
papaburgundy33::you need one after that spelling.
papoosee::rick barry has leather taint
Strong Troll Forventhrund::$@%!$@% sick
papoosee::joe lacob wants richard jefferson to service him
pdawg1717::What you boo birds are too dumb to realize is that by booing Lacob you ruined Mully's night...Mully had to come back out on the floor to tell you dummies to shut up and as soon as he walked off you all started booing again...so without even knowing it you all disrespected Mully big time...idiots...
jzalvarado::I wasn't there.. I didn't boo, but if I was there, I would have been the loudest.  Mully meant s.hit to me.  Because o fhim and Riley we have to try and tank games to secure our bottom 7 pick.  F.uck MULLIN
WarriorsGO::Lost alot of respect for u by saying these dumb comments. What he did as a gm has nothing to do with what he did as a player and a person. People make mistakes. Im sure u have made many just like I have.
jzalvarado::OH and F.ucken Ike Diogu!!!  Chris Mullen
jzalvarado::goood f.ucken move trading our first round draft pick for a point guard whose no longer in the league.. Oh and Patrick O Bryant that was all crhis Mullen
pdawg1717::Watch it again dumb $@%!$...Mully came out first and then when the booing continued Rick Barry came out...what a geek u r...
pdawg1717::Haha...you r so wrong...seriously - watch the halftime show again...I am right...stick your foot in your mouth now...
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Just stop talking
Strong Troll Forventhrund::That was Rick Barry you dumb bitch
kenbomc::u should talk....btch
jzalvarado::I do have to admit, I ALMOST felt bad for Lacob.. Looked like he almost wanted to cry.  Biedrins should have run out and given him a hug ALONG with Stephen Curry's right ankle
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Biedrins what a great pickup
Warriors_fans_are_the_best.::Warriors ownership has been terrible.  since we got loyal fans and always sell out the arena they care about nothing other than making money.  6 playoff appearances in 36 years is terrible.  1 in 18 years.  Joe Lacob and Warriors owners messing up all the time.  This is not just about the Monta Ellis trade but all the crap they done.  who can blame these loyal fans?????
Vikingsfanincali::I live an hour from the Warriors arena and i can smell the stench from those fans all the way over here. Warriors fans classy? NOT! Warriors Fans = Garbage
iloveeverythingespnloves::JOE LACOB IS A GREAT MAN HE HAS A PLAN FOR THE FUTURE JUST YOU WAIT AND SEE!
jzalvarado::thanks Ilove.. if you wouldn't have stated that in All CAPS i wouldn't have believed you
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Rick Barry is a bitch.
papoosee::rick barry is an $@%!$@% they r like you suck, wheres jerry lucas
aaaa080::<b>Rick Barry was a Great Player Before ALL you kids were born.</b>
papoosee::rick barry, the only player to wear a hairpeice
papoosee::why do you think john is an analyst, and brent wont even come outside
jzalvarado::F.uck Rick Barry!  Who is he to talk about respect.  He treated half his callers like s.hit
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Right
papoosee::that guy is like screw this im gonna become a RJer Rim Job Richard Jefferson
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Just a little bit of patience!? $@%! you $@%!$ we've waited 37 years for change
WarriorsGO::How can u blame a guy who didnt own the team for 36 years of that?
Ramonster7::"A little bit of patience."  WOW who the f-uck can wait? GS have been waiting for over 20 years!
WarriorsGO::Hes owned the team for 1 of those years...grow up
jzalvarado::http://www.csnbayarea.com/basketball-golden-state-warriors/warriors-talk/Boo-birds-teach-Lacob-valuable-but-bruta?blockID=673266&amp;feedID=6858&amp;utm_source=twitterfeed&amp;utm_medium=twitter
Ramonster7::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLCuJzI_jEc  Lacob being boo'd LOL
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Embarrassing....
Warriors_fans_are_the_best.::Why not just amnesty Biedrins?? Stupid Joe Lacob.
Warriors_fans_are_the_best.::That was so funny tonight.  Joe Lacob could barely say anything with all them boos.  lol never seen anything like it.  That crazy.
md7152::today JR.
Ramonster7::damn i got to see this on youtube
Warriors_fans_are_the_best.::Joe Lacob just wants money.
Strong Troll Forventhrund::http://webtrax.hu/myfacewhen/faces/lineart-memes/you-dont-say.jpg
iloveeverythingespnloves::sounds like the last owner
THE JEFFERNATER::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IgC4j51ULM  <b> K Love needs to respect a true champion like JJ.. </b>
Strong Troll Forventhrund::JJ "get paid and quit" Barea
iloveeverythingespnloves::its not marc jacksons fault hes actually doin well with a roster like this if anything it shows how good of a coach he can be
papoosee::take em to the hole bigman
jzalvarado::hustle and energy can only take you so far.  Warriors have lost the last three based on phenomenal effort and NO discernable talent outside of 2 or 3 players.
Strong Troll Forventhrund::"Next year" Since 75 and still going strong
Warriors_fans_are_the_best.::Joe Lacob scouting Antonie Walker.  Sources say.
papoosee::that would be the best possible scenario
jzalvarado::Ok i'll be ok if the following happens during the offseason:   1.  Larry Riley gets fired 2.  Biedrins gets bought out 3.  We resign Brandon Rush and trade Dorrell Wright (although im not sure he's a restricted or unrestricted) 4.  Sign Robin Lopez as our backup center  No one can control how players come back from injuries but Lacob can control the top 4
papoosee::he had a swollen pelvis and had to get a big pelvis bone removed
Ramonster7::what happened with biedrins? he injured? didnt he used to lead the league in rebounding?
Warriors_fans_are_the_best.::Sources say Joe Lacob talking to Brandon Roy.
papoosee::warriors should snatch Rubio for the rest of the year
WarriorsWarrior::give him a chance!
Ramonster7::Man what is up with the warriors? your team tanking it?
iloveeverythingespnloves::yup if we tank we get 4 draft picks
md7152::you don't need anymore drafts.  Solid veteran players is what you need.
Ramonster7::they should have just bust a portland and blow it up
Ramonster7::REPORT: Warriors have signed Greg Oden for the remainder of the year to join the bench warming team along with Curry and Bogut, source tell Y! Sports.
Warriors_fans_are_the_best.::Joe Lacob - "Lets get this deal done!"
jzalvarado::k it was pretty crafty about twenty minutes ago...
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Do you hate your team Warrior_fans?
papoosee::marc jackson is SMART!
papoosee::im in love with richard jefferson
Warriors_fans_are_the_best.::Nope just Joe Lacob
Strong Troll Forventhrund::I hate him too I hope he dies an awful semen related death
papoosee::yes
jzalvarado::HAHA Joe Lacob has become our Brian Sabean whipping boy during baseball season.  The problem is that SF Giants ownership includes like 140 different people
iloveeverythingespnloves::you can also kiss brian sabeans ring...and it wasnt his fault for the 2002 debacle he put out one of the best teams from 2000-2004
iloveeverythingespnloves::umm brian sabean actually makes moves that on paper do help towards the playoffs and not sucking
WarriorsWarrior::I'll give it till next year before... Go Warriors Good night folks!
Warriors_fans_are_the_best.::night
Caleb7995::oh cute, did you tuck him in?
Warriors_fans_are_the_best.::Sources say Joe Lacob to sign Greg Oden to 4 year deal.
