Detroit 33::Does anyone really care about the NBA ? I check in every three years to watch a game and its against my most hated town in the USA. Cleveland, Ha... What have they ever won?
GoTakeOuttheGarbage64::Hopefully the Cavs will take a play out of Modell's playbook and leave town in the middle of the night.
rag63top::Says the ND fan. Hey, you better switch that if Alabama wins. You sure don't want to let anyone know you root for a bad team. Its only cool to cheer for winners, right?  Scram bro, your lame.
YaImFromCleveland::Cavs are on the 2nd year of rebuilding (not counting the year of Lebron's devastating departure)  It may take another 2 years to build a contender through draft picks and trades  Cavs organization is doing it right this time, and doing it the only way a small market team can do it.
GoTakeOuttheGarbage64::Maybe next year, Maybe next year, Wait, maybe next year, No, make that, maybe in two years.......  and so on, and so on.  Rebuilding = this team sucks and will continue to suck ad infinitum.
heatfaninfl::Ive been using a bet system called sportsbettingstar. Ive made around 3k a month profit using the system. If you search sports betting system on google you can find out more about this system.
dentdawg40::Jonas Jerebko is in the back of the doghouse!
DrawohWasHere::This went better than I though it would with both Kyrie Irving and Waiters out.   I see the two bigs had double doubles again, but w/o the two main scoring threats on a team with a thin bench to begin with, it's a tough road to hoe.  Good luck to the Pistons and their fans the rest of the season.    Good game.  Go Cavaliers!
earlealston::(S)AndyVaj is playing like a top 5 center.....  And watch how Dan stupidly trades him to the Lakers for Gasoft
YenxRenx::requires no energy at all. i just tell the truth, it;s all natural...lol!
YenxRenx::Whats the Cavs record with Andy the Vaj at C? No top-5 center has a record that poor.
rag63top::YenxRenx, you try so hard to troll Cavs boards every game. It is pretty pathetic how bad you are at it with having put in so much time and energy.
wtfiuwts::Sorry. That was weird.. floating the idea that you might have a girlfriend..
wtfiuwts::Did Varejao screw your girlfriend?
erik2806::^...Ever heard of DeMarcus Cousins? Apparently not.
dlions663::Man the Pistons are very fun to watch!! What a good young team!
951Antonio::if they build around the young talent of Singler, Drummond, Monroe, Knight and English, they have a great foundation for the future.  They can play the high/low game with Monroe and Drummond, they have a scoring guard in Knight who tries to pass and Singler is lights out shooting. They need to bring in about 4 veterans who can groom them and help them grow.  Oh, they need a coach they can build with because Franks is not the answer.
trademarktaz::The Pistons are in good shape for the future, the only question out is what moves will Joe Dumars make in the next two seasons with that crap load of free agent money and our picks if we keep them since this losing team will obviously not be the model for the future of the Pistons.
Antonio1747::I'd keep Prince around. He can still be productive and serve as a veteran presence. Agree with everything else though. Laimbeer would bring in that Bad Boys toughness with him as coach. Ewing might also be good to have on the staff. Works well with big men (see: DHoward) and has the Gtown connection w/ Monroe so he knows how to best work on his skillset.
951Antonio::FOUNDATION-Singler, Monroe, Knight, Drummond and English. TRADE BAIT-Prince, Charlie V, Bynum and Jerebko. JUNKMAN-Maxiel-keep him around for the dirty work. NEEDS-about 4 veterans who can lead and teach the youngsters how to win. Also, they need a championship coach, a guy who can be around for a 10 year run.  Bill Laimbeer could make this team tougher and ready for the playoffs by 2014.
yata-9arasu::Good game Pistons!  Was busy during the game.  Good luck this year!  GO CAVS!!!
frisbeedewd09::you're aware that the cavs two top scorers are out right? when the team's star player is out and also the teams second best scorer, it's kind of hard to win... GO CAVS!!! Andy is a beast, i will be very upset if he is traded.
YenxRenx::Yata, your Cavs just went 1-2 vs the Hawks, Blazers and Pissed-Ons....damn, that is hilarious!!!
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::Good job Pistons
thebuckeyeryguy::The time for trading Varejao is definitely now, unless the Cavs fans really think this team will sneak into that 8th seed spot to get demolished by Cryami in the first round?
frisbeedewd09::we need a top player, not even more young prospects. Andy is great center and is having a very positive impact on young players like Zeller and Thompson. the cavs need his rebounding, experience, and distribution if they're going to make a run for a championship someday
PrinceofDetroit28::They should trade him now and hope to get a young player and a first round draft pick. This is as high as his value will ever be.
mackers022::only for the right offer
bamberg1977::If Drummond was still playing with the offensive confidence and touch he showed for the first month and a half he would have easily scored in 20's. He missed a bunch of bunnies and passed up even more. Rushing and looking uncomfortable finishing lately. Too bad, needs to get his confidence back. He can score with such ease when he's focused. .
PrinceofDetroit28::Offense isn't the main need for him right now. It will continue to improve. Right now his main value is just rebounding and defense. Hopefully his offense will get better by next year.
bamberg1977::You say it will continue to improve. but thats the exact opposite of what has happened. I agree we need D and rebounding.   But Drummond was outstanding on offense finishing at will around and over people for his first month and half as a piston, so something has changed. He showed great touch, floating tear drops, high off glass, even left hand layins switching mid-air..  now he looks like Ben Wallace sometimes. Just crazy.
Sam58548::Hey Cav fans...how do you feel about Byron Scott? 44-122 as the Cavs head coach. Most Cav fans will say they like him...thats funny right there,,,but Cav fans continue and say they want to give this guy another year so he can further make the Cavs horrible. He might have a 60-260 record when the Cavs and their fans decide enough is enough.
scottsvb1::Scott sucks as a coach... the team doesn't follow him.. That's all that needs to be said. They just shoot and not care... looks at each games FG% and even FT's. ..it's horrible.. they just DONT CARE!
951Antonio::Had a losing record in NJ and had two great years while the east was way down after Jordan retired. Did okay in New Orleans. He's been horrible in Cleveland.
DrawohWasHere::So far he's done a very good job with what he had to work with.
TigerMichLion111::The pistons won!! Let's celebrate LOL, hey if they could actually win some road games they would be a decent team!
knowlto::How about Singler, huh?  That was a good draft pick.
iVoted4Kodos.::The kid is a winner. Won in NCAA, won in Europe, &amp; now Pistons are over .500% with him starting.
Jon Gruden..Please Come To The Vols::Why does God hate the city of Cleveland...
thebuckeyeryguy::Cavs fans said the team was improving because they went from the worst record in the NBA to the third worst record.  So, if they end up with the sixth worst record this year, the homers can say that the team is improving at an exponential rate!!!  LOL
DrawohWasHere::Sadly, after the James fiasco, the Cavaliers had to clean house from top to bottom, which they basically did minus Bo.obie and Andy of course.     that first year was awful with no draft picks and left overs from a team gone terribly wrong under Ferry, Mike Brown and LeBron.  With that in mind, the rebuild is coming along fairly well.    You can't win many games with the top two scorers out of the line-up on a team that is very thin to begin with.   It's not like Cleveland is on the east or west coast.    Teams in the middle take time to build.
Jon Gruden..Please Come To The Vols::who's your team?
thebuckeyeryguy::Unfortunately, it's the Cavs.
TheTristanShow::The pistons are honestly in a worse spot than the Cavs right now... Too bad to make the playoffs, paying too much money to very average talent, and no stars to lead the way...
dwighthowardsamazing::Name 9 better
dwighthowardsamazing::Monroe not a star????? He's the second best center in the league
sweetlew09::lmao no he is barely top 10
iVoted4Kodos.::Pistons have tons of expiring contracts. They will be players in the free agent market (or can trade for better players with high salaries) next season.
PrinceofDetroit28::When his contract is expiring they could trade him for a player instead of signing a free agent. By waiting until the trade deadline they will have more options on what to do with his contract. If they amnesty him they will have to sign a free agent and the Pistons won't be able to sign a good free agent. They can get a better player in a trade.
bamberg1977::PrinceofDetroit28 - Charlie won't be amnestied. At this point he will be on the team until next year until his contract is expiring. He will have more value in a trade that way.  CV had 2 good offensive games, unless he's hot he has little value. I do not think he'll be back. Pistons will have Max-cap room though when they amnesty or trade CV.
iVoted4Kodos.::He will if they need that 8 million to sign two decent free agents. Or like I said, to cover a big contract in a trade.
PrinceofDetroit28::Charlie won't be amnestied. At this point he will be on the team until next year until his contract is expiring. He will have more value in a trade that way.
iVoted4Kodos.::Charlie gonna be amnestied. Stuck is fine as 3rd guard off the bench at that price. Prince is tradable. A free agent will want to go to the Cavs? (just saying)
TheTristanShow::They've got Stuckey and Villunueva for 8 mill a piece next year.. Prince for 7.5 the next 2 years, and no one is going to want to go to Detroit in free agency. Just saying.
PrinceofDetroit28::Those top picks really helped the Cavs.
TheTristanShow::They have... Tristan is improving towards being a double double machine, Irving will be an all star, Dion is playing like a top 5 rookie, and once Zeller bulks up he'll be a solid NBA center.
Jon Gruden..Please Come To The Vols::Cavs just need to fire the whole organization and start the $@%! over.
dwighthowardsamazing::Do you mean just coaching staff gm etc. Players too?
TheTristanShow::...no, just no...
Jon Gruden..Please Come To The Vols::yaaaaa, cause most of the people on the roster are worthless
thebuckeyeryguy::To all the Cavs fans who say they need to keep Varejao instead of trading him for draft picks... what part of "going nowhere fast" don't you understand?
Jon Gruden..Please Come To The Vols::Anybody know how long Waiters is out and how much longer til Kyrie returns?
detroit dave93::Would some body tell the Pistons that you have to play 4 periods and not 2. Yes I know they won, but they would not have if they were playing just about anybody else. Coach has got to lite a fire under their A#@ and keep pushing the ball and being agressive in the 2nd half and not sit back &amp; play mostly defense. It's almost like they panic when they have the lead at half time.
Poor Oregon::Cavs are 2-8 with Kyrie and 2-6 without him. No more of that excuse.
zachzach2020::Cav fans are full of excuses.
clevelandbci::BLOW ALL OF US AGAIN
Jon Gruden..Please Come To The Vols::At least the Browns won yesterday...
SlomanOwning::Varejo and his meaningless stats. Hope he doesnt go to the All-Star game.
cha cha chia-::Pistons need to find a way to pay Drummond more
xBombScience::Anyone notice that all the piston trolls seem to be spartan fans ...... classless loser sparty fans hold on let me put on my shocked face :O
trademarktaz::Spartan fans are a bunch of haters
JimDetroitFan95::Nonsense.  That is fool talk.
PrinceofDetroit28::There are plenty of U of M trolls. Just go on pretending like they don't exist.
trademarktaz::The Pistons should trade down and get Doug McDermott in the 1st round
jroby39::they can't really trade that pick since they already traded it
Milk Was A Bad Choice7::Cavs need Kyrie back. http://milkwasabadchoice.weebly.com
dwighthowardsamazing::Sprained his ankle
Milk Was A Bad Choice7::Where was Waiters tonight?
DTownSports81::I'm going to go to a Piston game. I mean you can get lower bowl tickets for like 4 dollars
JimDetroitFan95::Play better next game, Pistons.  Nice win. I like any wins you achieve.
arizonasting13::hello board
trademarktaz::With the 34th pick in the 2013 NBA draft, the Detroit Pistons select... Ray McCallum Jr, University of Detroit
Sam58548::Any other city would have run Byron Scott out of town by now but leave it to Cleveland to keep him. After all Cleveland is the same city that has never reached a Super Bowl...one of only 5 teams to never get there...all the rest have. They have never won the NBA Finals. And they still think Jim Brown is a great runner.
Steven57928::hey this has been mostly friendly here before u go insulting our whole cities lack of sports greatness.  it sucks always coming up 2nd(at best).
mikeyp2307::prove it
Philip3664::This next game against the Warriors is gonna be tough but it will be a good test for the Pistons. Draymond comin back home
denn19641::Pistons choked again on the second half. Its fortunate this game is with Cavs and not Western Teams.
PrinceofDetroit28::They didn't choke. They just don't play good sometimes because of the lack of talent.
zach strauch::Ugly win, but a win nonetheless. GO PISTONS!
Doug Glatt the GOON::where was waiters?
Steven57928::Injured
mikeyp2307::h.u.r.t.
HunterF4444::Lol why does everybody feel the need to stop by and tell us the Cavs suck? We know that. Not to mention that we are missing 2 of our best players.
Phatepiclewts::Angry Bobcats fans.
bamberg1977::They're 12 years old.
JimDetroitFan95::An ugly win, but a win....  Keep winning Detroit.
Sam58548::Mike Brown&gt;Byron Scott...and its not even close...
team kyle1::Here's the thing brown had a winning record with lbj and than goes to L.A. gets 3 superstars and can't get above .500. What more do you need. I agree that they are both bad. But for creating and coaching a young team I would have to go with Scott.
goldarn::Prove it
goldarn::Prove it
mikeyp2307::prove it.    lol
mackers022::Me&gt;You...... and it's not even close
mackers022::yup over and over again
mikeyp2307::Sam58548 - she did?...aww you little cute guy.  prove it
Sam58548::she did?...aww you little cute guy.
mackers022::your mom told my that last night
mikeyp2307::Sam58548 - awwww..how cute.  prove it
Sam58548::awwww..how cute.
ctown8686::Mike Brown was a joke, both of em suck, Scott is alittle better, Brown is clueless
mikeyp2307::Sam58548 - prove it...thats your last line of defense? lmao....  prove it
Sam58548::prove it...thats your last line of defense? lmao....
mikeyp2307::Sam58548 - record speaks for themselves...let me know when Mike Brown goes 44-122 with a team like Byron Scott is right now with the Cavs.  prove it
Sam58548::record speaks for themselves...let me know when Mike Brown goes 44-122 with a team like Byron Scott is right now with the Cavs.
mikeyp2307::Sam58548 - Scott is worse. He is as clueless as they come.  prove it
Sam58548::Scott is worse. He is as clueless as they come.
rlathdus::My god, the Cavs are so shorthanded w/out Kyrie.........
HunterF4444::And waiters
2215Tommy::Great game Pistons.  J Max put on a swat show.   Varejao knows how to get down on those boards. Nice game Cavs. Golden State is up next.  They are a good test for Detroit.   Let's get em!
Poor Oregon::Cavs are really bad. And this draft won't help em it sucks.
rag63top::McAdoo, Noles....
mikeyp2307::uhh yes it will.
PhilMNAP::Shabazz Muhamad is good.
Munkie00::lol cavs really suck
bamberg1977::Nice poser list of a teams you like. 1 thing in common, they all suck eventhough they constantly get good players. Rough
Jrfusion08::Greg Monroe must learn to finish at the rim... and this team cannot keep getting out-rebounded and expect to win anything!!
bamberg1977::I kind of agree, he rushes sometimes but he scores in there quite often. He's got some touch.   But I think whats holding him back is his refusal to take a jumper he's proven he can make. He ends up forcing things with his man playing way off.
sethbball20::Deeetroit Basketball!!!!!
PhilMNAP::Since when did Varejao become this good? He is constantly putting up 17 and 17.
team kyle1::Bet you couldn't even make one basket in the pros. Just another troll. Varejao is the best center in the east and one of the top 5 league wide.
Jrfusion08::Other than the fact he has no offensive talent and scores on put backs from his offensive rebounds... just because you score points on a bad team does not mean you are any good. The guy had 18 shots and made 7, all of which were put back type shots. But being Cavs fans explains why that's so good to you guys... the only star you've seen in the past 20 years left your city for less money lol
Jrfusion08::He's not good... he got 17 on 20+ shots... that's what they call the Allen Iverson effect
Steven57928::yeah other than this game he shoots only 11 shots to score 15 points with a 53% FG percentage.
warEAGLEJak3::"he's not good"??? ARE YOU CRAZY? he has a 80% FT% and is the best center in the EAST EASILY!!!
mikeyp2307::so a guy who avg 15 and 15 isnt good. okay then
rag63top::haha, yeah, 53.6%fg average. Nice try I guess...
warEAGLEJak3::since his mom gave birth to him
mikeyp2307::since byron took the leash off of him so to speak
sethbball20::5 in a row at home. Nice win Pistons. Now if we could learn how to win on the road, we'd be a playoff team. Good game Cavs fans. See you on Saturday.
