Ronnie::Just going through the motions with the Lakers this year. I know we are not going to be doing much of anything, but getting 137 scored on you is not good at all.
If its brown, flush it down::Why did the Lakers pay Dantoni so much just to look like garbage and tank the season? Do you wash a car before you haul it to the dump?
If its brown, flush it down::John Ireland is going to cry himself to sleep again tonight.
Billy::did Jack Nicholson burn his season pass or did he frame it for posterity?
Tim::One thing people need to understand Mitch Kupchak works for the Lakers and has to follow orders from the boss who is Jim Buss so all the blame needs to go on his shoulders.
Richard::This core of lakers players is doing their best, and time will help them grow, keep kobe our for this season they will not win anything this year. laker need to add one super star and a great defensive player next season
creep::The Clippers will be demoted to the D league for about 6 weeks.
Don'T Feed Dooley::I come here to feel better about my fat life and my fugly family. I think I have been cursed.
Skip::Happy freaking Sunday Laker fans looks like today is the day they either trade Pau or not. I hope we don't trade him for Bynum to save money, I hope we trade him for other players who can be the future. I doubt Cleveland trades a #1 first round pic for Pau who can leave at the end of the summer. At the same time why would Pau want to resign with the Lakers who have had him in trade discussions for the last couple years?
Captin_Irk::A lot of Laker fans are complaining about them losing when you should be watching them to see who's getting better and will be with the team in the future. I feel the Lakers are lucky having found 7-8 very young 1st rd draft picks that just didn't fit in with their teams. These guys are developing well and could have been picked by the Lakers if they were out of the playoffs those years like other teams who picked them. My point with all the haters talking smack about giving away low first rd picks we now have other teams high picks who never gave them a true chance to play. So give these players a chance this season and next then the Lakers can sign 2 -3 mega stars in 2015 so deal with it.
