clavos73::the refs are pathetic! When a player makes a mistake they get fouls or fines BUT the refs are immune to fines or held accountable for their mistakes? No. The NBA has to have the worst refs in any sport. Period.
Hair Clippers LA::Nuggets deserved the win? They were beat in every single quarter. Stop being so delusional.
oldcoaldog::Maybe the refs should start calling it when one player says "boo" to another.   The Matt Barnes imaginary foul call.
oldcoaldog::The refs in this game were pathetic.  They missed so many calls, especially in the 4th.
Fagggs::The officiating is out of control.
South Central Los Angeles.::the only thing that my LAKERS need to be more great than they are is a legit point guard, forget DH
SteelPenguin92::Kobe lobbing it to Bynum was amazing, forget dwight howard lets get a pg and keep bynum.
kobepac24::Lakers coach Mike Brown was simply red-faced after a non-call"   ___________________________________________  Ok is it me or was someone trying to be funny?
oldcoaldog::That is stupid.
InternetCensorship::i hope way more calls besides this one go against the Lakers this year
sprtfanusa::need help from refs huh, sounds like all the other losers begging for a way to beat the Lakers!!!
JustDza::Andre Miller and Harrington are the keys to this team. Denver has the deepest bench
Zonker40::That's only because their entire team is basically a really good bench...
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::Lakers punked those little nuggets lmao. I feel bad for George Karl he wanted to cry when they asked him questions.
scottpilgrim36::Once again the Lakers cheat and get away with it last night. Artest should have been ejected from poking Gallinari in the eye. had he played the whole game the Nuggets easily win. But of course it's the lakers so the refs have to feel sorry for them
oldcoaldog::Oh boo hoo.
allroy1313::it's pretty funny to hear fans of teams like the Lakers and Heat complain about officiating; must be nice.
scottpilgrim36::The refs are the only thing keeping the Lakers relevant this year. And I hope by some miracle the Jazz beat you tonight. You deserve to lose after that classless undeserved "win" you were given last night
BSU is not a real school::can I e-mail you
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::Stop being a little girl the Lakers didn't get helped by the refs your obviously an idiot. The ghost Barnes foul and the foul on Bynum at the end ......... or all the times nene flopped.
scottpilgrim36::Bullcrap. Lakers also had 5 days rest (Bobcats game don't count) and Nuggets were coming off a huge road win the day before vs the CLips. I swear the Lakers get away with so much this year it's ridiculous. and yes it is Artest fault. that poke was deliberate
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::I know for a fact your crying right now haha
jimmiesjonesen::We all saw the end of the game  and Bynum was the 1 fouled that didn't get called!!stop crying about Gallinari!!!
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::quit crying lmao ......... its not artest fault gallinari put his head down like a bull and drove into his hand.
clam608::Wished Andrew Luck can ball so Lakers can draft him to complete the triple AAA roadside assistance afterthe so-called killer Bs was a bust  last year.
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::Despite assertions to the contrary, the Lakers remain firmly on Howard's list of three teams he's asked to be traded to, along with the Nets and Mavericks, multiple people familiar with the situation said. CBSSports.com
Kobethamvp24x::What I don't understand is why on earth would Otis Smith and magic managment care if Dwight is on another team during the All Star weekend festivities, they all know the guy wants out it would be more awkward if he still there than not.
Zonker40::If Drew keeps up his solid play who cares?  You can see he's more graceful and natural offensively than Howard could ever be... what Howard gives is defense but the Lakers already have the league's #1 defense... at this point if Goudelocke keeps improving they have a very, very solid team.  People who want a new point guard aren't paying attention to reality, mini mamba is here to stay...
sierranevada187::As a CofC( College of Charleston) grad and someone who grew up in Charleston, the Lakers got a STEAL w Andrew Goudelocke!!! He wont back down to anyone and is never afraid to pull the trigger. He can hit the 3 ALL day long. He never used that floater he's been using in college, showing he's working hard on his game. I watched him and Steph Curry battle it out when AG was younger. As a senior he dominated the Southern Conference. Look at his playing minutes and stats compared to you're other guards.... Be excited, he will be able to take some pressure off of Kobe because if you leave him open he'll hit shots all day
Peter Birnbaum::Let's just say he has to play his game and is coming around.  I don't think he'll be a big assist guy, but his game otherwise is quick and he has been a good shooter from midrange and distance.
Zonker40::That's all the Lakers really need... Fisher has five rings but Kobe was the focal point of the offense and the technical point man in the triangle ala Pippen.  Kobe had nine assists last night and still put up almost 25 shots... Goudelocke is giving them what they've needed with their struggling offense.  Guys are getting open shots and not hitting them... he's hitting them.
Peter Birnbaum::... and he plays solid D.
sierranevada187::Yeah no one could stop him and he sold out our arena nightly, plenty of 40 pt games... It also helped that he was coached by the great Bobby Cremins. I'm now a Lakers fan. Get the man some more minutes, he could definitely replace DF when he retires...
Zonker40::I'm shocked nobody gave this kid a look, his senior year he couldn't be stopped by anybody...
walnutkid07::Yes, we're happy with Glocke 0.
Kobethamvp24x::Aka Mini Mamba
BRDenverFan626::Gallinari needs to man up and be the guy in the fourth quarter. The nuggets paid you, now perform.
Zonker40::Whatever... half the time guys stop performing once they get paid.  Live with it.  I mean really, you're a Nuggets fan so you're used to not knowing what even being in the Finals and coming up a little bit short is like.
kobebetterthanbron::Gasol 5-10 last night and Bynum 10-13 a combined 15-23 35 points and 27 rebounds Kobe 7-23 20 points, 9 assists, 6 rebounds.  I would have like to seen Kobe more around 16-18 shots and Bynum and Gasol at around a combined 30 shots especially when Kobe is shooting poorly like that! Gasol needs more shots, however, he needs to be more aggressive in the post too!
boom.shaka::Kobe only had 1 or 2 bad looks last night and I can live with that.
jpsalcid35::its not like you can tell the future and know when kobes shots will fall in or not. kobe spread the ball anyways last night. he shoulda had a double double but no bynum didnt throw it down aggresively.
Yungdubz27::Bynum was getting double teamed a lot and Pau just isn't aggressive enough with his shot on a nightly bases. I swear I yell at my tv more "Shoot the ball Pau" more then "Stop shooting Kobe"
Peter Birnbaum::For certain players like Steve Nash, winning a title is not more important than his dignity.  He understands who he is and what he's done for the league.  Titles are great and of course sought after big time, but they can be overrated when players are collaborating and basically sabotaging the league for self interest.  I guess winning titles secures your place in NBA history as one of the best, but it is overrated as well when you collaborate and play on a dream team not even being top dog on that team.
thechamp1991::Steve Nash was the most valuble player on a better team.  It dont matter if your the best player on a team that is not doing nothing. Just like when Dirk won his MVP, steve nash could of had his third but Mavs had a better record than the suns even though they went out the first round.
mike etheridge::we were up 3-1 n choked c#it happens
mike etheridge::yup the MVP is not a team trophy
thechamp1991::Hey kobe kid.  When Steve Nash won those MVPs the suns were better than the lakers.
mike etheridge::end of 3 kobe 63 mavs 61 true story i like nash too but cmon man
mike etheridge::suns shud give him a shot to win it all TRADE him
Peter Birnbaum::Agreed, but not arguing about his MVP's right now.  Just stating that the guy honors his contract and does not want to be traded to a contender.  He's happy where he is with the Suns.  He's not desperate to win a title even though he's close to retirement.  He's happy with what he's done.  Nothing wrong with that.
mike etheridge::if NASH has dignity tell hime to give KOBE back the 2 MVPs he stole when we sucked &amp; kobe was thrashing the League for 40 50 even 81 points 63 vs mavs in 3 qtrs
daguyondacouch8::Yea you still sucked that's why Kobe didn't win.  He didn't elevate his team at all he just took all the shots.
Peter Birnbaum::Yes, I agree about his lack of D and MVP's, but he didn't vote for them and he was on an exciting team.  As a Laker fan, I respect Nash for his contributions to the Suns and he's a class act.
Yungdubz27::Players will stay if you build a team right. I don't see why people are getting mad at players for wanting to play for a franchise that is trying to win.
Peter Birnbaum::There are more teams then back then, so the talent can be diluted more and maybe it's tougher to get great players together to form a great team.  So I guess when the players do get together, it makes it tougher for the one star teams to compete.  Then you get Howard, CP3, and D Will pissy and want to play with other stars too.  That's obvious that this would happen.  Makes me have more respect for Nash though.  He still has his heart and loyalty.
Hakeeem Nicks English teacher::I'm pretty sure Steve Nash would rather win a title than be considered as one of the greatest PG ever
Peter Birnbaum::Yes true, but he told the Suns that he's not interested in being traded to a contender.
Haagendazs15::he definitely would rather win a title, but he is not one to force a trade.  he is one of the few players who believes in honoring his contract.
Peter Birnbaum::... and I don't think he cares as much about either, just that he's respected for what he brought to his team and the game.
Peter Birnbaum::Then why has he told the Suns that he doesn't want to be traded?
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::I wish we could take this generation and pretend we're playing in the 80's...
kobebetterthanbron::I am excited about Andrew Goudelock. The kid is fearless and has a bright future! I wish Brown would give Ebanks a chance. When he has played he has been FAR better than Barnes or MWP. Ebanks has Ariza's skill set. Ariza was a HUGE part of our 09 championship team, we simply do not win in 09 without him!
Hakeeem Nicks English teacher::Lakers Heat finals ESPN blows up
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::*Clippers Heat
2kobeisgood4::the Lakers don't need Howard i getting sick of this guy already what has he done.  If he doesn't want to be there ask the owners to trade him so everyone can get on the playing basketball
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::Despite assertions to the contrary, the Lakers remain firmly on Howard's list of three teams he's asked to be traded to, along with the Nets and Mavericks, multiple people familiar with the situation said. CBSSports.com Los Angeles Lakers, Orlando Magic, Trade, Dwight Howard   |  share
Yungdubz27::Like Micheal Beasley and sign JR Smith and we have a good bench right there.
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::We could be using that extra cap room and that trade exception for a lot more useful things, IMO.
kobebetterthanbron::Mc Roberts would be alot better with CP3 as he is very athletic and CP3 would be getting into the lane and throwing alley oops to both he and Bynum all day long. CP3 makes EVERYONE better much like Magic Johnson did when he played! I would trade Gasol and Odom for CP3 all day long!
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::Yeah...but no PF...
kobebetterthanbron::Could you imagine CP3, Kobe and Bynum together! I curse David Stern every day for his act of collusion to void that trade! Lakers would be title contender for sure with that Big 3!
2kobeisgood4::Just get a PG and lets go Lakers
HaHaHa77777::<u>Lakers run the NBA </u>
.George Noory.::Laker fans get really sensitive on here
mike etheridge::laker fans KNOW basketball Nuggz fans KNOW  how to IRRITATE US
Peter Birnbaum::Just a hater.  Need to ignore when arguments have no meaning.
_mongo__slade_::Having a debate is being sensitive? You're the one acting like a vag....
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::It's called logic. Don't worry, you'll learn more once you get to middle school.
zosoMC::Why do you even want Howard when you have Bynum? Seems like a waste.
mike etheridge::now that has sum validity cud be an issue but KOBE wud put the kryptonite on his a$$ &amp; put him in place too
Mister Mel::Amen. Nice thing about 'drew--aside from the similar skill set--is that he's accustomed to being told where he stands in the team's pecking order; he's been denied the ball for so many years that there isn't even a hiccup when Kobe suddenly forgets that he exists in crunch time, as happened for the better part of the final three minutes in last night's game.   Somehow, I just don't see that flying with a guy who's been the sole offensive option for his team for the better part of five years. Not a good fit.
_mongo__slade_::Health Defense Rebounding
mike etheridge::exactly thats why we went after cp3
kobebetterthanbron::We need a POINT GUARD, not another big man!
_mongo__slade_::Update from Ken Berger of CBS      Despite assertions to the contrary, the Lakers remain firmly on Howard’s list of three teams he’s asked to be traded to, along with the Nets and Mavericks, multiple people familiar with the situation said.  -From the exact same page claiming the Howard won't sign with the Lakers.
.George Noory.::I knew you were mad
_mongo__slade_::Just quoting the same sources as you.
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::Mad you used "sources"? Nah...
jpsalcid35::the other guy is chris broussard.. his inside sources are as good as mine.
Hakeeem Nicks English teacher::brilliant kobe!
kobebetterthanbron::Reporting live from the Glory Hole in the Heat locker room this is Chris Broussard!!!
HaHaHa77777::<b>lakers look like they are playing well recently but we definitely need to make a move for the nba championship. I think the current team can take out OKC for western champs but not enough for the whole shabang. </b>
oldcoaldog::The officiating in this game was pathetic.  They called imaginary fouls-Barnes in the 4th Quarter; and missed several tipped passes, sent the ball the wrong way, etc...  Visually impaired;  Incompetent;  Paid off.
Mister Mel::... is there a reason why Mike Brown is perpetually repeating himself any time that a microphone gets anywhere near his face? Getting so sick of his "broken record" approach to game summaries.   "We had a whale of a game, Derek and Andrew, they just had a whale of a game."  "That's hard to swallow, the dunk was clearly a foul with two points on the clock, that's hard to swallow."   Dude looks and sounds like a South Park character, though Parker and Stone would probably create someone with better coaching instincts.
kobebetterthanbron::Lakers biggest loss in the offseason BY FAR was Phil Jackson retiring. We are not really missing Odom that much if you look how HORRIBLY bad he has been for Dallas, I can say we miss Shannon Brown more than Odom right now but Brown is AWFUL compared to Phil Jackson!!
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::Mike Brown is a good coach you guys just hating because hes black.
kobebetterthanbron::Agreed, he is doing better than Odom though. Phil Jackson is BY FAR the biggest loss. It is a night and day difference between PJ and Mike Brown. The only thing I will give Brown credit for is that he has got LAL playing much better Defense, his offense stinks though, LAL needs to hire a coach to redesign the offense!
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::Both Odom and Shannon are doing terrible on their new teams. I'm in Phoenix and try to watch him there. SB isn't doing anything special...
kobebetterthanbron::Goudelock should be playing starter minutes! He is the best shooter on the Lakers right now from the perimeter by far! If Brown wants to give Kobe more rest, Goudelock is the guy to spell him with, not Kapono!!!
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::Let him develop more first. I don't want him to be like what happened to Smush Parker when we first got him.
ARodforMVP18::Ellis for Kaman  :)
Peter Birnbaum::Getting Sessions would probably help, but he would be coming from the Cavs and Dan Gilbert, right?  And Dan Gilbert was one of the guys who whined about the CP3 Laker deal.  So the Lakers would need to give up probably too much to acquire him.  Not sure about the logic of that trade for the Cavs and its ownership based on the recent past.
Peter Birnbaum::Dan Gilbert thinks his franchise is in a large market - at least when LeBron was there.  Now he's had to come back down to earth and deal with the fact that his team will not attract any good FA's.  He's still probably sick of his predicament and is still venting over his bad luck.  But I guess ultimately he was responsible for not acquiring better players to surround LeBron.
mike etheridge::kyrie irving nuff said
Peter Birnbaum::Understand, but why would Dan Gilbert help the Lakers if he was a driving force to nix the CP3 deal?
kobebetterthanbron::Dan Gilbert needs to grow up and stop whining about the Decision and move on. I cannot stand LeBron James but the guy was a FREE AGENT! He has the right to play where he wants at that point even if the way he handled it was bad!
.George Noory.::Source close to Dwight Howard on why he's leaning away from the Los Angeles Lakers: "Kobe messed it up. That's all I can say for now."  - Alex Kennedy of HoopsWorld.com
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::Despite assertions to the contrary, the Lakers remain firmly on Howard's list of three teams he's asked to be traded to, along with the Nets and Mavericks, multiple people familiar with the situation said. CBSSports.com Los Angeles Lakers, Orlando Magic, Trade, Dwight Howard   |  share
mike etheridge::if u think the Lakes r desperate for D12 u dont know Laker history Big Men WANT to be the NEXT  wilt kareem shaq it speaks for ITSELF
_mongo__slade_::Yeah, "sources" had Lebron &amp; Bosh signing in Chicago too. gtfoh
_mongo__slade_::Not really. Just having a conversation. You seem overly-sensitive.
.George Noory.::you seem mad
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::Chris Broussard??? Is this your ESPN account? No wonder why nobody likes you on these boards.
_mongo__slade_::And in New York. Get the point?
.George Noory.::sources had them signing in Miami too
.George Noory.::I didnt make this up
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::Give us one reason why we should care.
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::Is that why Amare Stoudemire's career ended? Bynum should end his career too then...
.George Noory.::Bynums brittle knees. thats why
Haagendazs15::exactly we just beat them without howard.
zosoMC::LOL
HaHaHa77777::kapono is trash, i have no clue why brown lets him play, he hardly makes any 3's which is his specialty and i hate barnes ever since lakers got him, get rid of these two
Mister Mel::Barnes is hardly a championship-caliber piece, but he makes Kapono's sorry a$$ look like a bench-warmer for a JV team. Remind me again why we needed to sign a "shooter" who can't hit the broad side of a barn on open makes?
kobebetterthanbron::I don't know why Ebanks is not starting at the small forward. Let's see, he starts the first 2 games of the season and shoots 4-5 and 3-4 respectively and they bring him off the bench in a blowout vs Bobcats and he goes 2-2 in 3 minutes. MUCH better than what Metta and Barnes are giving us!
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::Yeah, we pretty much have Trevor Ariza back on our team, yet MB isn't giving him time to grow.
jpsalcid35::barnes is good. he crashes the boards well, and very agressive i like it.
Haagendazs15::the nuggets have the highest ft differential in the NBA (+8.3) and next closest is orlando (at +6.2 even with hack-a-howard), but the lakers get all the calls right denver fans?
mike etheridge::calls are part of game so are layups Galo missed a put back that wuda made season series 2-1 nuggz BUT he missed so what  WE won regardless NEXT  utah
gmann305::What do ft's have to do with anything man? Maybe it's because the nuggets are the best offense in the league
gmann305::Haha. Have you watched a Lakers game?
gmann305::Yes, that's my point
jpsalcid35::have you?
discosinner::Wow. Another idiot who thinks more free-throws=slated calls. They also have most points in the paint and most assists. This is where almost all fouls come from- stopping the easy lay-up from someone who has a clear lane to the basket. Don't be dumb.
zosoMC::Finally, someone who understand basketball.
kobebetterthanbron::The Lakers got jobbed by the refs last night there is just no other way to look at it and still managed to win. There were at least 5 or 6 horrible calls against LAL in that game!
zosoMC::The Lakers actually got the same amount of calls as the Nuggets last night if you take away the techs. I'm not sure where you're going with that.
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::And with Bynum, Kobe, and sometimes Gasol going towards the rim, you figure that would be higher, right?
Haagendazs15::for all the people who say lakers always have the refs.  they only average 2 ft's more a game than opponents.
ARodforMVP18::Howard wants to be a Warrior :) haha
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::Despite assertions to the contrary, the Lakers remain firmly on Howard's list of three teams he's asked to be traded to, along with the Nets and Mavericks, multiple people familiar with the situation said. CBSSports.com Los Angeles Lakers, Orlando Magic, Trade, Dwight Howard   |  share
kobebetterthanbron::No way! That is worse than where he is at now!
All Refs Suck::WITH no humidity!
All Refs Suck::San Francisco is not worse than Orlando.  Doesn't get worse than the east coast...  Cali sunshine all day
ARodforMVP18::im kidding, im a warrior fans, and i know were not good, we need a true center
.George Noory.::DWIGHT HOWARD DOESNT WANT TO BE A LAKER  http://www.lakersnation.com/lakers-rumors-dwight-howard-will-not-sign-an-extension-with-the-lakers/2012/02/03/
romeo9o9@yahoo.com::Despite assertions to the contrary, the Lakers remain firmly on Howard's list of three teams he's asked to be traded to, along with the Nets and Mavericks, multiple people familiar with the situation said. CBSSports.com Los Angeles Lakers, Orlando Magic, Trade, Dwight Howard   |  share
Yungdubz27::I would take Howard for Bynum in a heart beat...but if we could win with Bynum and getting either a better starting PG or deeper bench.
.George Noory.::HAHAHAHAHAHA. watch the" we dont need Dwight: comments come.
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::BREAKING NEWS: We don't care.
kobebetterthanbron::I like the way Goudelock is playing lately. We have got to find more minutes for him. He is a 2 guard, let him be what he is. Best shooter on the Lakers right now by far. I say we bench all of the small forwards, move Kobe to the 3 and play Goudelock alongside Fisher once Blake returns!
HaHaHa77777::nuggets are overrated
nba is the worst::Jazz tonight - a place of traditional Lakers ownership. But with the B2B it will be tough.  If the Lakers win tonight it WILL show progress
kobebetterthanbron::Gotta love Kobe! After the game, a reporter asked him about the way George Karl schemes defenses against him.  Kobe sais "I'm very familiar with the way they defend me, I don't think he has beaten me in a playoff series". Love it!!
gmann305::It's funny that the Lakers are complaining about the refs, you guys can't stand one game where you don't get all the calls.
All Refs Suck::I'm not a Laker fan.  Warriors all the way.  If you watched that game last night, it wasn't just that one bad call against the lakers either.  It was the WHOLE game!!!  And I was rooting for Denver w/ money riding.  Those refs were just terrible.  Worst I've seen all season...
Render Time::I don't believe you, you're a Laker fan.
mike etheridge::word calls it as he SEES it
Haagendazs15::its funny because the nuggets get the most fouls called for them in the NBA.  they also shoot the most ft's
zosoMC::Yeah, that usually comes with being the #1 offense in the league. Just saying.
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::Haha here we go with the "NBA loves the Lakers" theories. If that was true, we would have Chris Paul, right?
.George Noory.::Any of you hear Dwight Howard doesnt want to sign an extension with the Lakers if he gets traded there and Dwight blames Kobe
Yungdubz27::Shaq knows that....and is the reason why every chance he gets he says Bynum is better and disses Howard.
zosoMC::Why would Howard want to play in Shaq's shadow, whom he despises?
Yungdubz27::Shaq would be the reason why Dwight Howard doesn't want to go to LA.
Haagendazs15::we dont need howard, we need a pg.
_mongo__slade_::Nope. Why don't you post a credible link so we can all check it out.
_mongo__slade_::Who reported it? Direct quote from Howard? Or just some idiot blogger speculating?
.George Noory.::LakersNation.com thats not credible for you
ARodforMVP18::Refs make calls all the time some u disagree with, but in the game u dont have a lot of time to think about a call and some players have figured out how to make anything look like a foul, until u go out there and be a ref for a basketball game(high school or up) there really isn't a point of sitting at home and crying about a non-call or a foul that might or might not cost u the game, as for the last seconds of a game, Refs barely make foul calls anyways so stop crying
erod1986::I hope David Stern chokes on a D*ick. A Black one. New Orleans are left without Paul and Gordon. Now they wanna trade Kaman? The Lamar, Martin, Scola trade was a better deal.
mike etheridge::D12 never demands the trade if that goes thru He says im coming back then pulls an elton brand &amp; skips to Lakers
mike etheridge::F U  too cuban
mike etheridge::he was really preventing the lakes from cp3 &amp; 21 million in cap space to sign D12
Yungdubz27::That was the key....LA could have gotten out of the Luxury tax with that deal. Stern in the rest of the League didn't want that to happen.
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::Actually, the team that would've lost that deal are the Lakers themselves. Give up Gasol, Odom, probably even Ebanks or Caracter for Chris Paul? We would've had McBobs/Murphy starting.
Yungdubz27::lmmfao....why does it have to be a black one.....never mind i don't want to know.
_mongo__slade_::You really thought he was trying to make that team better? He's just trying to cut payroll to attract an buyer.
Inconvenient Truth::ok lets be clear for all these idiots out there. EVERY game the Lakers play, the refs let it be physical. WHY? because of the soft label is what i think, so they try to let teams be physical with the lakers so that they can beat the lakers. It never fails. i havnt seen a game yet where they dont let it be physical. but u watch other games and a foul is a foul. then u swithch to laker gam and no blood no foul
_mongo__slade_::Last night was one of the worst I've seen. And I rarely complain about officiating.
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::Hey, it's what the fans want to see on both sides, especially when the Lakers are on the road.
Inconvenient Truth::i just want a foul to be called a foul instead of "oh its a rivalry" or "oh its the playoffs now" NO. call a foul a foul!!!
Haagendazs15::this is embarrassing for the NBA.  Rudy needs to go back to Spain  http://youtu.be/N2DtqtnAnNw
discosinner::So.. Does it feel weird being so dumb?
discosinner::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjRizobEQig Couldn't resist... Idiot.
discosinner::Oops, I meant this one. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UYIIdrkQfg Idiot x3
discosinner::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSgggXQyvn8 There you go. Idiot x2
Haagendazs15::ha even with those flops there was still slight contact
discosinner::Don't make me break out the hundreds of clips of the Lakers flopping... lol.
mike etheridge::2-3 last yrs CHIPS belong to US recent past but ill take it nontheless
discosinner::haha thanks for proving my point.
Haagendazs15::and how many years ago was it that you won a title?
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::Go down and how many times have you seen me say that. Go ahead, I'll wait.
discosinner::Wasn't it years ago y'all won a title? Oh but thats a valid argument for Laker fans right, "HOW MANY CHAMPINSHIPZ YOU WONZ?"
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::That's already years ago. Go pick on Blake Griffin for flopping now.
zosoMC::I don't hear the Lakers complaining about officiating in that Boston series.
Peter Birnbaum::Because Boston went cold in a key stretch in the 4th quarter of that game.  They had the chance to win and they choked.  Those fouls were legit if you watch the tape again.  Bad calls and home court happen, so if you are concerned, secure home court and see what happens.  Sick of the Celtic fans or sympathizers blogging their whiny excuses about game 7.  It's over.  Just like in the 1984 series when cheap shots turned the series around, I've got one thing to say - SCOREBOARD!
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::If you're talking about that Game 7 4th quarter? Please. I've watched that thing about 10 times that offseason, and after watching it objectively, there was maybe only one fishy call in LA's favor.
godoggiestyle::Double standard, sounds like a liberal?
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::Um, no, because like last night the officiating seemed so bad had not been for a key moments the Lakers could've easily lost. I honestly had very little problems about the refs calls towards the C's then (just needed to catch them with their dirty screens).
zosoMC::So when there's one fishy call in favor of the Lakers, it's no big deal. But when it's against the Lakers and you guys still win, you still complain. Sounds like a double standard don't you think?
_mongo__slade_::There was that one play where Rondo hacked Kobe across the arm &amp; they gave the ball to the Celts out of bounds.
erod1986::It's not complaining if you win.
discosinner::Or like, anytime before 2 years ago... But whatever, thats just the nature of the league.
Yungdubz27::I'm sure Boston wasn't complaining about the refs in 08 either.
Peter Birnbaum::Paul Pierce and his fake fouls driving to the hoop.  That was ridiculous.  But Boston won that year and I'm ok with it.  They had the best team that year and they played great D.
.George Noory.::agree
Inconvenient Truth::the lakers DID survive horrible calls AGAINST the Lakers. ALL night. No up for discussion. FACTS ARE FACTS. Either u watched the game or u didnt.
Render Time::I've never seen a Laker game where Stu Jackson didn't complain about the calls.
discosinner::I mean we could sit here all day and point fingers. Don't be dumb, its pretty obvious you're going to disagree and think your team got fouled more. Its really the lamest basketball argument possible. Its what you do when you don't know basketball.
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::The refs were just horrible in general last night, even to the Nuggets.
.George Noory.::excuses
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::Didn't know excuses applied towards wins...
Inconvenient Truth::we won u idiot
IsaiahFrancis::they would be excuses if the lakers lost
discosinner::Arron Afflalo played really, really good D on Kobe, again. Hes the difference maker if the two face each other in the playoffs. Hes the lock down defender the Nuggets never had against the Lakers of the past. I'd really like to see the two play...
mike etheridge::that is hilarious bro afflalo cudnt stop a runny nose with a box of kleenex
Peter Birnbaum::Agreed.  I saw him play great D against CP3 the night before.  He can control both players, but Kobe will have his nights against him too.  Galllinari is a great talent and that guy can simply shoot the ball with such a soft touch from 3.  Really like his outside game.
discosinner::Hell, when you hold Kobe from 33% from the field its a good day. But yeah, I do think Kobe could use a solid elbow to the face :P
zosoMC::He just needs to stat playing dirty like Bruce Bowen used to.
.George Noory.::Faker fans think their team is the only team learning a new system and had no training camp. You guys come up with some dumb as.s. excuses
Peter Birnbaum::What excuses?  The team has been playing up and down and they are figuring it out right now.  Not an excuse.  When the team fails at the end of the reg season and there are explanations, then those are excuses.  The explanations now are more like predictions and being positive - big difference pal.
Lakers 1-2-3-Ring::And it could be worse. A lot of people didn't think before the season started we would still be a decent playoff contender.
Haagendazs15::but we won last night.
godoggiestyle::Who is this "we"? Do you play for the Lakers? Anyway, the Lakers won because the Nuggets played a good team the night before and didn't get home until 5a.m.
