StatMan::6-3 with Lin as the primary 1-guard and 11-6 with Beverly as the primary 1-guard looks pretty much like a toss up.  As someone without a horse in this race, it would seem that if the team is eager to trade one of the two of them, it would come down to what you could get more than what you give up.  It seems like the team would go the same with either guy at the helm, so trade the guy who brings back the better player in trade.
D. Darqwon::Another good win for the Rockets. It was good to see Coach McHale back at the helm.  Love the way Howard has been performing lately. He continues to give the team whatever they need to help them win.  Chandler Parsons has another do-all game (19 pts, 9 rebs, 3 ast). He may not be an All-Star with Howard and harden on this team but he is without a doubt an MVP for this squad.  Terrence Jones has been showing his youth, inexperience, and inconsistency lately. This could become a real concern. It adds interest to see what the Rockets get in the expected Asik deal.  James Harden had a strong game scoring (19 pts) and playmaking (6 ast). Giveaways remain an issue though. Being the teams best playmaker means some turnovers are to be expected but 7 is far too many.   Patrick Beverley continues to do what Patrick Beverley does. He shot the ball well tonight (5-9). He was aggressive on offense when the team needed it and he held yet another opposing point guard to a poor shooting night (33%).  The Rockets got good contributions from the bench tonight as well.  Next up, Indy. They will be home, well rested and hungry after suffering a close loss to Miami tonight.  The Rockets will HAVE to bring their "A" game.  I'm looking forward to it.  Go Rox!!!
Jim::Good win for Houston, beating a team they should beat.  Waiting for Lin to play again, I am a fan.  At the same time, I wonder how he would do if Houston gave him to Chicago, who certainly need a point guard.
Josh::The Bulls are tanking the season to get a replacement for the bum Rose.  This year's draft is loaded with talented PGs.  Rose will be collecting his millions from the Bulls and Adidas.  He has no intention of coming back till he is 110% ready.  It probably equals to about 2 years.
oldsecretary::Little bit of trivia from ProBasketballtalk.  Google released their most searched NBA players in 2013 and Jeremy Lin is number two right after some guy in Miami.  Houston Rockets are also the fifth most searched NBA team.  1.LeBron James 2. Jeremy Lin 3. Michael Jordan 4. Kobe Bryant 5. Dwight Howard 6. Derrick Rose 7. Kevin Durant 8. Blake Griffin 9. Ray Allen 10. Steve Nash
Giovanni::Parsons, Beverly, Harden, and Howard are shooting 68% as a foursome. Today is a good day.
M.J.::anyway the whole Bulls team sucks by the injures. If Houston can not win this team, whom they can beat?
Giovanni::Everybody keeps saying that Houston will start winning without Jeremy Lin. The thing that confuses me is that Lin hasn't been playing all that much. His stats have not affected the team for a month. They played just about the same with and without him. I think there are moments when he plays really well, and then there are moments when he doesn't play well.....just like everyone else on the team.
a z::Unlike Lin-haters, I have no bias towards Patrick Beverley. Before Beverley, it was Toney Douglas. The thing they say about Beverley is the same thing they said about Douglas; Douglas plays great defense. Douglas was finishing games instead of Lin. Douglas is averaging 6 MINUTES now. What happened to Douglas’ great defense? Lin should demand a trade, like Asik. McHale is going to ruin Lin's game. Let McHale keep Patrick “Toney Douglas” Beverley. Harden is no LeBron, he is not even Westbrook, Rockets are going nowhere.
Vagram::You rockets fans need to understand one thing.   This team isno different from the lakers last year.  With the exception of being younger.  They don't post Dwight because he has no post game.  They have no pgs.  James harden is overrated and a ball hog.   They should have abetted season record than LA , but the will be bounced first round.  They have no D and James harden will never equate to half of what Kobe was.  Not to mention mchale is dantoni 2.0.  Who is d12 going to blame now?  Harden, Mchale, Lin.  This team isn't as talented as people think.  D12 should have one to golden state.  Another stupiddecision
