salemram15::I don’t think a 4or5 seed is an unreasonable expectation. We’re for real. Don’t overlook those wins as being easy. Whether or not those teams are subpar, those wins came on a 5 game west coast trip. I don’t care what teams we played, wins are hard to come by on the road across the country. This team is emerging quickly.  It’s only the first couple weeks of the season and we’re better than we were last season. Not only are we an improved team, the players as individuals have noticeably improved as well. Enjoy the success and start believing in this team.
phils win phils win::great win for the 76ers but I was at the game and i'm embarassed that philly can't fill our stadium...
ridsjr1583::and the 76ers will do the same thing to Boston that the Pacers did last night, run them off the court playing 9 deep
Travis Berger::they'll finish 6th in the east.
chazzzzz1965::U funny....dumb,but funny...
Travis Berger::talk at the end of the season
Travis Berger::talk at the end of the season
Travis Berger::talk at the end of the season
Travis Berger::they'll finish 6th in the east.
ridsjr1583::yea ok, they will run old $@% Boston off the court this year, knicksblow
Metta World Hate::Ben Gordon, Charlie Villanueva, and Rodney Stuckey are failures.
Travis Berger::Hate to break it to all ya who are getting so excited, but the 4 teams we beat are combined for a record of 9-19. Trying to stay realistic.
chazzzzz1965::Hate to break it to u but the East 'aint that good....and 5-Game west  road trip to start the season 'aint so easy...got that genius??
Iladelphia::Pacers have 5 wins against teams that are 15-21. Detroit, Cleveland, Toronto, New Jersey, Boston. None of those scream quality.
chazzzzz1965::The only thing Boston has proven this year is they're old....and when Orlando loses Superman,they are done...Knicks??..haven't been relavant for as long as the Sixers and they still can't play good enough D even with Chandler....the only teams in the East that are clearly better than the Sixers right now are Miami and Chicago...and Orlando with Dwight...stop bashing the Sixers...they're gonna be tough...
Travis Berger::the point is, it's the sixers. Don't get excited. Boston is a proven team, Orlando has finished top 4 seeds most of the previous years, the knicks at least have room to improve because they have all stars.
Travis Berger::the point is, it's the sixers. Don't get excited. Boston is a proven team, Orlando has finished top 4 seeds most of the previous years, the knicks at least have room to improve because they have all stars.
Travis Berger::just sayin
Iladelphia::The Knicks' 3 wins are against teams with records of 7-16. And they have 3 bad losses.
Iladelphia::Orlando's 5 wins are against teams with a combined 9-27 record. Boston's 4 wins are against a combined record of 4-18.  Atlanta's 5 wins are against teams with a combined record of 11-19.  So I''m not sure what the point is. No one thinks the Sixers are on the level of Miami or Chicago.
Travis Berger::Just sayin
Metta World Hate::Shut up, turdburger
foreva.infiniti::This is the most biased sports article i've ever read in my life! how do u talk about 1 team in only like 3 or 4 sentences. it doesnt matter how bad the team performed give them some respect!
Travis Berger::It's not disrespectful to not talk about a team. If we had to talk about the pistons, then it'd be disrespectful
Travis Berger::It's not disrespectful to not talk about a team. If we had to talk about the pistons, then it'd be disrespectful
Travis Berger::It's not disrespectful to not talk about a team. If we had to talk about the pistons, then it'd be disrespectful
bonethug6909::Sixers are looking good. The schedule stays easy for another twenty games or so. Look for the sixers to be about 17-6 during this stretch. I really think they will   be the 3 seed this year behind only Miami and Chicago.
ridsjr1583::lmao AI ? this guys an idiot, ok we go as far as Iggy takes us ? were a 8- 9 man team watch a game, Iggy has been invisible
Travis Berger::just sayin
Travis Berger::.
Travis Berger::Don't forget the celtics, magic,  and maybe hawks and knicks. That puts us at 5 or 6 seed if we can beat out some of those teams. We won't go any further than AI takes us, and that's not past the second round. And Turner is a weak second overall pick, unfortunate he was the best to offer that draft class for the second overall.
mjoskar::When you beat Detroit, Cha,Sac,Cleve or a number of other NBA JV squads. Just move on. It's meaningless. Phil still 7th or 8th seed.
Giggityiggity::I'm really impressed with what the Sixers are doing.  In years past, if you said Andre Iguodala went 1-4 with 8 pts, you'd say the Sixers lost by double digits.  You'd never think they'd win by 23!!
bowdwn2daman::This sixer team is young enough and just about confident enough to do some damage in a short season. They can flat out run with any team and the guard play on the defensive end is much improved. they just much be the sleeper team this year!
1bullsbears6::im really high on the sixers this year...they had a good season last year and everyone improved...i dont see why they cant be a 6 seed or even a 5 seed this year
PlayerPresident1::imagine if the pistons had a decent team, there would be so many detroit fans up in here talking crap it would be laughable.   but they're ghost.
BOOTER1965::joe dumars made some good move's early in his gm days....ala, signing billups and trading for hamilton. both wallaces....but his drafting has been terrible. we have knight and monroe(because they fell to us). give joe d money and we stocked r shelves with stuckey, prince, charlie v and ben gordon.....whats that like 34 million........just cause u have money to spend, save it......next yr u would have alot of money and a early lottery pick......so u go after dwight howard and williams from new jersey.....before u say, they would never play for detroit.....charles barkley said it best" i would play for the KKK  if they payed me enough...so with that said.......u could have a line-up of  C- howard.....PF- monroe.....sf--lottery pick......sg- knight......pg- deron williams.....AT no time am i saying this would happen, but with cap space and super-stars wanting a chance for a pay-day and compete......this line-up would match up with anyone.........my 2 cents............PS............JOE DUMARS......ty for the bad boys era.....but its time for u to go
betafishlover2121::And Jodie Meeks FINALLY is where i want him to be.
betafishlover2121::Nice little win! Philly for NBA CHAMPIONS!
GoBlue245893::HAHAHAHAHA! No
hcjaq::Interested to see how Hawes handles Bargani tomorrow.  Having to guard him at the perimeter might take Spencer out of his game, both defensively and offensively.
ridsjr1583::hes a kid still 23
betafishlover2121::Spencer Hawes, where did he come from!?! :D
Iladelphia::Spencer's game is all about being away from the basket.
kkawesome50::Although I love the sixers, some of u guys gotta chill. Right now phillys looking at eight in the east come playoff time. For all u guys saying the sixers are gonna be third or fourth, we would have to have a better record than teams like the knicks, celtics, pacers, which i don't see happening
ridsjr1583::If you think the 6ers are a longshot at the 3 seed, you must be a Boston fan
salemram15::I don’t think a 4or5 seed is an unreasonable expectation. We’re for real. Don’t overlook those wins as being easy. Whether or not those teams are subpar, those wins came on a 5 game west coast trip. I don’t care what teams we played, wins are hard to come by on the road across the country. This team is emerging quickly.  It’s only the first couple weeks of the season and we’re better than we were last season. Not only are we an improved team, the players as individuals have noticeably improved as well. Enjoy the success and start believing in this team.
Korzagg::The Knicks who can't play defense, or the Celtics that are too old to keep up with the pace of a shortened, compressed schedule, The sicers WILL WIN the Atlantic division this year  this is pretty much the same team that after starting 3-13 went 38-28 the rest of the way beating some very good teams along the way, Then put up one hell of a fight against the Heat in the playoffs and without some help from the refs the sixers win that series
kkawesome50::although i think the sixers have palyed well, u also have to look at who the sixers have  played so far. they haven't beaten a playoff team yet. i thnik the sixers are a good team, but u guys have to lower you expectations for the sixers. u guys are expecting way too much from them. plus teams like the knicks, celtics, and the hawks are still very good teams.
betafishlover2121::I feel like as long as the sixers are preforming like they have performed so far this year, it is not a "long-shot" for the 3 seed.
robkaos::I think if Boston were to suffer any major setbacks, then #3 would be a possible, but a long shot. They're better than Atlanta, and Orlando with or without Howard is taking a considerable step back.
hcjaq::Four or Five is reasonable.  But if SH keeps playing at an all star level, who knows.
robkaos::Think 4 or 5.
Iladelphia::8th in the East would be worse than last year. I don't think it's crazy to be thinking middle of the east seed. The Knicks aren't good. Their super team wasn't very good last year and it still isn't. Celtics are old. They are going to have problems keeping up in this fast paced season. Pacers aren't as good as the Sixers. Currently their record is better but who have they really played?
Travis Berger::who have the sixers played
Travis Berger::who have the sixers played
Travis Berger::who have the sixers played
domcerqs04::There's 505 Piston fans left!  Team sucks!
Blazelover13::Perfect home opener for the Sixers. Another 20-point win and another balanced scoring night all-around. That's how this team rolls. Unlike those arrogant other big market teams who HAVE to have a single superstar or two to carry them, the Sixers have a balanced attack that works perfectly. Meeks seems to have come out of his slump, Hawes keeps his hot streak going, and the Sixers remain in first place in a weak division. I really think they can outlast the Celtics and Knicks and win this division. They WILL be a force to be reckoned with come playoff time. Mark my words. GO SIXERS!
Travis Berger::5 at best
Travis Berger::5 at best
Travis Berger::5 at best
hughesn2::If Dumars is still apart of this organization at the end of this season I will NEVER watch another Pistons game until he is gone. Our team sucks now.  Why did we re-sign Tayshaun??? Still makes no sense to me.
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::ps3 add PA_Rising724
JCKapono::question: Does Iggy get replaced in the starting lineup this season or traded?  Thoughts?
Jganon93::iguodala is no turnover machine, last year he lead the league in assist to turnover ratio for non point guards
betafishlover2121::I like having iggy on there for the experience, as well as his defense. I would not trade him.
Travis Berger::if i recall, AI didn't guard Lebron in the first round last year very well
Travis Berger::just sayin
Travis Berger::if i recall, AI didn't guard Lebron in the first round last year very well
salemram15::Exactly, a lot of people don’t realize what he does for this team and he’s the leader of this team regardless of stats. We need him for the team to be as success as possible. When playoff time comes around who’s going to guard the likes of Lebron, Melo, Pierce, &amp; granger?
hcjaq::I doubt it.  Collins loves him for his all around contributiions.  Of course, he can't shoot worth a lick and is a turnover machine, but oh well, they are winning in spite of him.
dominick marotta::WHAT A GAME LIKE I SAID EARLIER THIS TEAM IS GOING TO JUST GET BETTER AND BETTER, DOUG COLLINS IS THE BEST COACH IN BBALL.. SIXERS HAVE THE BEST BENCH IN THE LEAGUE... THEY HAVE SO MANY CONTRIBUTORS...  SIXERS REALLY CAN COMPETE IN THE EAST THIS SEASON. HEAT OVERRATED AND BANGED UP, MAGIC STINK AND ARE OLD, CELTICS ARE ANCIENT, WE CAN PLAY WITH THE BULLS
philaphan25::Alright gang I'm headed out to the bars.  Good win today.  Pistons fans, I wish your team well with the rest of the season.  Go Sixers.
thekiddjonny::Amazing WIN 2Nite Boys
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::i say lets go to the chiago game an troll the guy who was trolling us
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::i did an some one was sain go sixers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::i  agree im goin in the corner an cry -__-                                                                 l        l                                                                 l        l
Frank Reynolds is back 4::No go troll if you want to lol
Frank Reynolds is back 4::I don't like to hate or troll on other teams.. I like to support my team.. And get on some of our players when they are not doing what they can
Iladelphia::Sixers first in the league in 4th qtr points. That's huge I think. It was a big weakness of theirs last year.
betafishlover2121::AGREED!
Blazelover13::At least ONE Philadelphia team knows how to close out fourth quarters...
DaKing0325::yeah, i hope it remains a focus point
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::we can say we are closers
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::the first four games for iggy to me i can say we all got over exicide
travispsixnine::Monroe and Knight are the only 2 Pistons worth a damn  everyone else is garbage  if the Pistons are starting over and rebuilding then why is Tayshaun Prince back for 4 more years???  see ya Joe D
theSwayzeExpress::I cannot believe how well Spencer Hawes has been playing.  We now have a C who is a consistent Double-Double threat.  Brand and Iggy had sub-par games and the 7-6 STILL dominated.  I am growing more and more impressed with this team by the day.
betafishlover2121::His jump shot and his overall decisions are far better, i have nothing to worry about him not being consistent.
hcjaq::Confidence is a funny thing, and Hawes is playing with alot of it.  Lets just hope he stays healthy, and he could be the big surprise of the year.
Iladelphia::I'm still skeptical on Hawes but I'd love to see him continue to prove me wrong
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::oh snap jodie on nba tv right now
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::swagged out 2
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Thanks for the heads up
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Iggy needs to practice more... He Is not great but he is better than what he did the last two games
Iladelphia::Off nights aren't uncommon for every player ever
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Yea it concerns me because the young guys look to him when they are down and they can't depend on him at times.. Every body has stepped up at times so that is good
travispsixnine::Iguodala 5 points???  Brand 4 points???   WTF
hcjaq::Thats what 150 million misplaced dollars gets you.  Winning in spite of those two.
Iladelphia::win by 23. OMG
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::two games in a row and got rid of marrsese good week
philaphan25::Man I just realized we don't play Boston until March.  I was hoping to see how well we stack up against them a little earlier.
philaphan25::Yeah we only get them 3x.  2 at home fortunately.
Frankdaddy21::i am going to that game
Iladelphia::Wow. How is that possible
saralee509::hey pistons 0 for 10 from 3 range.... pathetic
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::u got to love it
Iladelphia::Has anyone actually looked at who Orlando has played this year. Of course they're 5-2. They didn't even have to go on the road to play all those awful teams.
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::most likely from wat iv seen heat 1st bull2nd pacers or sixers 3rd or 4th magic 5th hawks 6th an ......................................
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::also im a sixer fan for life
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::i no is it just that they real inproved
Iladelphia::The Pacers aren't better than the Sixers. sorry.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::After ripping Jody Meeks for 4 and a half game I am happy he got his shot back. Good job Jody.
robkaos::I'd say at this time in the NBA, only about 25% of the league's teams actually play good "Team Basketball." The Sixers are one of them.
rustyburg::Wow...Iggy and Elton COMBINED for 9 points.  What's their combined salary this year?  My God, that's  putrid!
hcjaq::Who needs Howard?  We have Spencer.
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::to me iggy off the bench is better thad starts an dont sign brand next year
Jganon93::we dont have a legit starting power forward other then brand so idk what minutes hes taking away when hes only playing 28 to begin with. after this season were gonna amensty brand and sign dwight howard. 2013 nba champions
rustyburg::I would hope they would go after Howard...I've been saying that for the last year...why wouldn't he want to come here?
Iladelphia::If Howard is available I expect them to try it.
Iladelphia::Yes let's judge them all after 6 games. Iggy was bad last two nights he's still in double digits a game. Brand hasn't been getting his elbow jumper looks so he's not scoring as much.
rustyburg::I will say, I think he's been a great team player and he has been deferring to his teammates more now that he has capable teammates, but he's gotta give us more then he has.  Don't get me wrong...I'd rather have him under performing then someone who would become divisive in the locker room (ie Demarcus Cousins)
Iladelphia::It's been trending down because he's got more talent around him. His high point totals were from being the man on non talented teams
rustyburg::It's been trending downward for a couple of years with Iggy.  I've been hating on him for several years now, not just after 6 games (admittedly, I've only seen the last two...those 10pm starts were too much for me!)
mbutley::Iggy and Brand are both just taking time away from the younger better players.
rustyburg::$30,000,000....I like Iggy's defense too, but he's making $13,500,000 he needs to be effective offensively as well and make a FT in a close game with less then 5 minutes left in a game!
philaphan25::Yeah that was a little sad.  But I like Iggy for his defense (especially on the perimeter), that's where he earns his paycheck IMO.
hhkal::Andrew Toney was there tonight. Wow!
rustyburg::AWESOME!
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::we all can agree that sixers can be 3rd or 4th in the east
marq_aurelius::you can say that about any team with a superstar on it.   If Durant gets hurt then their done. If Kobe gets hurt than their  done If Wade gets hurt than they are done If Howard gets hurt they are done
marq_aurelius::I think the bulls are a good team tho Deng is a better iggy to me and has the #1 player to let him be him and not force things and they play great D
robkaos::Hawks are garbage, Orlando is fading and Howard will be gone by the break. The Knicks don't play defense, have no PG, and Amare is already hurt. Boston, Miami and Chicago, yes. After that, it's wide open and Philadelphia has the best bench in the NBA. I'd give them the nod. In fact, Boston is an injury away from being in trouble too.   They should blow up the Hawks, they'll never be anything more than what they are now. A stuck in the middle, athletic team with an extremely low basketball IQ.
marq_aurelius::we destroyed the hawks last year and they just basically lost to a less talented 2006 Toronto raptors
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::bulls not so much because rose get hurt there gone , hawks are one of the two choke teams wit knicks ,celtics there gettin to old , magic is so so and heats the only real challenge in the east for the sixers to me
Jrollin1174::the knicks dont play d and they dont have a point guard, they barely beat the wizards tonight. the magic have no one outside of howard we could shut him down
DaKing0325::the  hawks are not better than us
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::an lost at home to the heat
travispsixnine::they already beat the Heat on the road
Jrollin1174::sixers can play they are young, athletic and actually play defense none of those other teams do and the celtics are old as hell
Envy II::He lost credibility when he put the Magic in that sentence
marq_aurelius::the year they went to the finals the sixers were playing them tough as $@%!
Envy II::That's all they have
travispsixnine::Dwight Howard???  Sixers have no one to match up with him
boners3::celtics and hawks? no efffin way.
travispsixnine::ummmm no  Heat, Bulls, Celtics, Hawks, Magic are all better
philaphan25::We'll see how the celtics hold up with this condensed season.  They're still a top in team in the East WHEN healthy.
DaKing0325::"tell me he didn't just say that"
travispsixnine::and Kincks
Frankdaddy21::don't get to hyped up or they will collapse like every philly team
philaphan25::What I am expecting is improvement from last year and going further in the playoffs.  If you want to call that hype then so be it.
ChelseaBlue1905::no one is expecting this team to do anything so there no hype. i think people are just happy that the team is doing good for once
boners3::phils didn't collapse! they were beat by another lucky team.
Frankdaddy21::i would call that a collapse
marq_aurelius::Lucky or a team that could actually manufacture some runs
Envy II::Stop liking your dam comments
Envy II::Denial bro
Frankdaddy21::i didnt like my comment, so shut the f up
marq_aurelius::Lol'z! pwned.
philaphan25::I love the way our D has come around this year and how our bench continues to improve.  Hopefully we can continue to do this and do some damage in the playoffs.
marq_aurelius::same here would love to get a 1st round victory
boners3::i don't see their "D" as a problem, but certainly got to put up some points, avg. 100 per
philaphan25::We have a solid chance of getting mid level seed for the playoffs which hopefully translates into getting by the first round.
boners3::could be a #3
ChelseaBlue1905::get past first round and ill be happy
boners3::maybe, the rest of the division is pretty old and weak.
Envy II::I hate Chicago. I hate the city. I hate their fans. Michael Jordan backpacked their whole franchise. Get lucky. Brick Rose will not do s.h.i.t in the playoffs. He will shoot 8/30 as usual and choke.
marq_aurelius::damn now thats good hate
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::now that good agreein
PHILLY ALL THE WAY 724::the only thing jordan have is the shoes to me
