James::Being a Laker fan I see good things for both of these teams. In watching the Laker runs for Championships I see the following. Miami, Wow. Keep D.Wade healthy and Lebron is the best and getting better. Love Chalmers and Lebron verbal fight and Lebron saying Mario, My Fault. Again the best getting better. Indiana, trade Granger and Lance for Dion Waiters and ???  Dion, West, George, Roy and Hill will be the only challenge for Lebron and Wade. When healthy Wade is a cold blooded KILLER playing with Lebron. It is to bad David Stern blocked the CP3 move to the Lakers. Lebron/Wade, Kobe/CP3, and  George Paul and Dion Waiters would be must see TV to go along with Aldridge /Lillard the Spurs.
Malicong::I watched the game begining to end and anyone who thinks this game was decided by the refs is just butthurt that their team lost. Did you not see the turnover by Hill and P George on the possession before end of the game? Did you not see the many fastbreak dunks from Pacer turnovers? Or the many times the Pacers dribbled and passed until they had to jack something up with the shot clock winding down? That last possession was not a clear foul, it would have been a very ticky tack foul and that will never be called in the last seconds of a game.
Hooch::Pacer fans have some pride.   All this whining about the refs is self degrading. The Pacers had this game , but let up in the end.  This game doesn't decide which team is the best.  I'm not a fan of either team.  I believe the Pacers have the better team this year.  However when it's all on the line at playoff time, the Heat always manage to pull it out.   These are the best two teams in the east and on any given night either can beat the other.  Blaming the officials or saying Stern prefers the Heat is just  pure whining.
carlsa::I can't stand NBA basketball, but was interested enough to look up the results because of all the chest beating that has been coming out of Indiana. What strikes me about the box score is that the top 3 scorers on each team account for nearly 75% of the points for Miami and about 65% of Indiana's points. So, all of the wailing about whether LeBron should play with his sprained ankle seems necessary given his scoring contribution. Either the injury was overblown or King James at 60% is still that much better than anybody else.
Vista::Unless either team suffers a big time injury, these teams will be competing for the East Championship in June. Prediction 4-3: the winner will be the team that has home advantage.
Coby::again right now in the east you have 3 teams with winning records bulls, pacers, and heat, the rest of the east garbage, again this game is a mid-december game, so what have we learned heat win at home pacers win at home, so we have learned nothing
MervinK::Miami all the way to the Champion ship. That's right
Princess Luna::I hope I haven't missed a lot of action tonight. This seems to be a wonderful game so far!
Lola::Unlike football, where on any given Sunday a bad team can beat a good team, the NBA does not care. What the league needs is 100 percent parity.
Heat-Dolphins-Marlins::The HEAT could have gone 0-4 and I'd be sleeping soundly till June. Our championship is not the best record in the terrible Eastern conf.
