thenysport::test
tmscherbel::Best case scenario for Jimmer is that he is traded. Best case scenario for everyone because then everyone will see that he really does suck or actually can play. If two coaches don't play him, then Smart really was smart all along.
rush717::It occurs to me that Sacramento Kings point guard Isiah Thomas didn't start at the beginning of the season, yet he is starting now. Why didn't the coach start him earlier?   What is the record of the Sac/Kings this year with IT starting?
Rhubarbjackson::Time for this garbage franchise with their joke of a coach and shotty management and dumbb fans to move to A real city. Go Sonics!
razzledazzletj81::How many people in Charlotte bought a ticket to see any of those Kings in person other than Jimmer? Relatives don't count.
JimboPeenyhecker::<b>JIMMER!</b>
Kpmg allstar::I was at the the game.  Jimmer is the first to stand up at every break and slap hands witht eh players on the court.  He is mentally in the game the whole way.  Very humble kid.  When I saw Brooks go in, I was like, "man I think I wasted my time coming here".  And then Brooks turns the ball over first possession.  Also, Kings had like 5 airballs.  All shots that Jimmer would have sank.   Lot of CLT fans wanted to see Kemba vs. Jimmer. Utter BS
ounlopez::Yes, unreal. Jimmer should actually be a marketing strategy for teams selling tickets, especially for those having bad seasons. Smart is clueless.
cbrown5847::Kings are getting there..... this is a road game we lose last year.  We need to team rebound better, every body swarm to th rebound.  I like going half court better cause of cousins ability in the post.  Kid is going to be a stud if he can put his big boy pants on and stop whiiiiinning.  God save the Kings!!
mosesbyu::Free Jimmer.
russwilsonislegit::markie moron trolls jimmer only; nightly i might add....  u bring up his stats from last night.... heres some season stats from the so called bust u claim.....3rd in the nba in 3 point % 1st in the NBA in ft%.... thats the whole league u waste of space..not stats for one measly game.... not to mention the best plus minus on the kings team... thats the truest account of how ur team does with u in the game.... also lets not forget to mention, top ten all year in points per min... the truest stat of scoring in ur allotted time on the floor... what a said life to have to follow a player around nightly solely to hate.. im assuming fredette must have pumped ur sorry ace school many times for u to pretend ur his hateful shadow....
rush717::Seriously, in my OPINION: I believe that Fredette is a victim of reverse discrimination. Black coaches and some black players appear to hate the guy.   My only hope is that karma is real....and at some point it will be "PAYBACK BIT*CHES!
ounlopez::Yes, if people want him to play, why not play him? He is good enough, and sells tickets.
russwilsonislegit::i was at the time warner arena tonight and bobcat fans were screaming at smart to play fredette.... its pretty obvious to everyone fredette is getting a raw deal
Newfam98::Demarcus Cousins...a center that shoots 43%. That's an Allstar?
Grindhouse2413::Hey, Griz Nation here. Just wanted to say, good job getting a win SAC. Keep it up
UK wants his account back CELTICS::test
steelersbobcatsredsox::mkg has been playing like garbage lately
brohani::he's only getting 18 minutes..
JonathanGeorgeRD::To Jimmer fans, this was a loss just because Jimmer didn't play.
MILBREW318::It's a loss to beat the bobcats by less than 15
dirtydean5150::Much less lose to the Bobcats like your Bucks did.
Jim7419::All you cousins lovers. He's  the most overrated player in the nba. A 42 percent shooter who is turnover and foul prone. Look at tonight, four fouls and five turnovers and he's a freakin center!
souptwins::Not to mention a spoiled drama queen off court that makes his team worse.
Newfam98::"Dominating"?  Lol I'm guessing your definition if that is much different than the norm. Don't reference rebounds or points. Their style of play promotes inflated states. He is inefficient at best.
unitedfourlife::Have you been watching him lately?  He's been dominating games.    Idiot.
AGirlThatLovesSports_::the recap video at the end "Nothing but Air" lol poor kemba.
ChargersFan4Life001:::(
Southa3::Uh oh... Brooks went 0-4 ... gonna get  a DNP for that mah friend
danjorams::no his name isn't jimmer. he'll get his 15 -20 minutes
.cha cha cha chia.::Kings almost have a better record than the lakers
ChargersFan4Life001::kings win!
MILBREW318::#FreeJimmer
JonathanGeorgeRD::#thisisnttwitter
MILBREW318::#jonathangeorgelikesfatcock
pantherfan2488::The difference I was seeing in today's game and yesterdays game with the Cats is the Free Throws and the passing.  We got a ton of open J's yesterday because we were passing the ball alot.  Also, when the Refs let you hit the stripe that many times, you gotta hit 70%.  We aren't beating any teams with our talent.
UK wants his account back CELTICS::Boogie, your CBB team lost to Wyoming right?
ChargersFan4Life001::yes
Markiemormon::Good job white bread, do the same thing next game will ya?
danjorams::I like DMC but he needs to have better shot selection.  he could have the worst shooting percentage out of all starting centers.  I give him another couple years and if he had a better coach he would be top 3 centers inthe league.
ChargersFan4Life001::sdsu looks like crap right now :(
seniorgong::Mark my words the  day will come when everybody who hated on jimmer will be on these boards giving him props for his great play. Sometimes destiny and true potential is not realized or fulfilled until you have a chance to prove yourself. not just a chance but a chance without someone breaking down everything you do. Jimmer  will have his chance and the haters will eat crow
russwilsonislegit::he's been a bust... ur dumb ace idiot..... 3rd in 3 point % 1st in ft %..... top ten in points per min..... yea let me tell u those are true bust type numbers.... he has the only non neg plus minus on the team... all these accolades and he plays 13 min and receives dnps in a racist situation... smart only plays him now when the blacks cant get it done... i was at that game tonight and bobcat fans were screaming that smart was an idiot for not playing fredette....
Jim7419::Jimmer is the next steve Nash!
j_erick11::He plays like Nash did when he showed up in the NBA. He too was a scorer at his mid-major college and he got into a system that allowed him to become the a pick and roll guy. Someday Jimmer will get the same opportunity. On this team Steve Nash would have a hard time playing like Steve Nash.
JonathanGeorgeRD::lol Jimmer doesn't even play like Nash, clearly you liked your own post.
Markiemormon::I hope you're right but he's been a bust so far.
danjorams::Not a bust because he hasn't been given a chance.  I will admit that last year he looksed green but this year he has been playing well in the time he gets.
danjorams::haters like UK here will get his fill of crow.
UK wants his account back CELTICS::Just shut up. Go root for Lin.
ChargersFan4Life001::cousins with another double double
UK wants his account back CELTICS::He's going to look good in Green. JK
ChargersFan4Life001::good one
danjorams::Smart is a piece of sh** coach.  yes they got the W against the Bobcats but how do you develop your young up and comers?  you give them a DNP and the other 1 minute (robinson)  this team will never go anywhere with the starting linup that was played tonight.
russwilsonislegit::3rd in the nba in 3 point % 1st in NBA in ft%.... thats the whole league u waste of space..not stats for one measly game.... not to mention the best plus minus on the kings team... thats the truest account of how ur team does with u in the game.... not to mention, top ten all year in points per min... the truest stat of scoring....
danjorams::Jimmer shot 0-4 last night and tonight he gets a DNP...so does that mean with brooks shotting 0-4 tonight he gets a DNP there next game.  Not a chance he will get his 15 minutes next game mark my words.
Markiemormon::0 for 5, no assists, no rebounds, three TO's and a couple of PF's, dead men play better.
ChargersFan4Life001::brooks sucks and 18min
Sacramento Kings - NBAs most dominant team.::Lot of white guys playing in the Butler vs. Gonzaga game on ESPN. lol
MILBREW318::Guarantee Keith Smart isn't watching that game.
Sacramento Kings - NBAs most dominant team.::Guess I'll go troll it.
Sacramento Kings - NBAs most dominant team.::Come on, C's.. We'll trade you Brooks for your 1st round pick. He's an awesome player. It's worth it. I swear.
UK wants his account back CELTICS::Fine. Take the 27th pick in the draft for Brooks.
ChargersFan4Life001::melo and a 1st round pick
UK wants his account back CELTICS::Fine You get Melo. We get Aaron.
ChargersFan4Life001::he sucks and is not needed
UK wants his account back CELTICS::Don't start Boogie.
ChargersFan4Life001::well take the 60th pick for brooks
UK wants his account back CELTICS::Says a Kings fan.
Sacramento Kings - NBAs most dominant team.::Any day.
UK wants his account back CELTICS::I would take Aaron Brooks in a heartbeat on the C's.
missoulamt::You been smoking too much dope out in hazard kentucky.
UK wants his account back CELTICS::Nice game today.
Clifford Joseph Harris Jr.::Rondo needs a back up too
missoulamt::Call Danny Ainge up, he is all yours.
Sacramento Kings - NBAs most dominant team.::He's good.
Chapmanx23::please do.
seanlovesjmr::its obvious that trob and jimmer have so much potential.... tap that smart, tap it! brooks' best is not worth tapping
Hope I Helped::Smart already tapped that.
Chapmanx23::Kings have a squad
danjorams::just not a coach
Alex_796::Hello fellow NBA Fans. We are NBA Broadcast, an upcoming new Facebook fan page about the NBA. We plan to strive and bring you guys the latest news, updates, injury reports, trades, game scores, memes, etc. Like us today http://www.facebook.com/NBABroadcast and share us to friends and family!
ChargersFan4Life001::Jimmer &gt; Brooks
Nargash10::Totally agree
UK wants his account back CELTICS::We'll trade Jet for Brooks.
boozer8183::line was 2.5, bought a half point, and still get screwed
Sacramento Kings - NBAs most dominant team.::S.F. - 45  Atlanta - 10   -------------------  N.E. - 30  Baltimore - 21
ChargersFan4Life001::please be right on the 1st game
Hope I Helped::No way ATL scores 10 on the Niners D.
Hope I Helped::Zero at best.
Sir Gunners::More like zero.
Sir Gunners::I hope you're right.
Sacramento Kings - NBAs most dominant team.::You're all welcome.
UK wants his account back CELTICS::Wow on the Falcons game.
ThomasCarr::Since 2008, the Bobcats are 6-2 against the Kings. Js.   The Kings do not dominate the Cats.
ChargersFan4Life001::no they dont
Nargash10::hahah those Bobcats fans are drunk
SacKings..MinnVikingsFan::Damn that was torture lmao
Nargash10::I don't think Jimmer fans can bash IT. He needs to play over Brooks,Johnson and Thornton tho..!!
danjorams::Jimmer and IT make a great starting back court.  they play great together.
UK wants his account back CELTICS::Jimmer is a SG. He can never be a PG in the NBA.
Jim7419::U r SO wrong!
TrueNum1AllStar::He's a PG, he can't be an SG in the League
Nargash10::Jimmer fans think he can start over IT
MasterIchiro::Clutch loss by the Bobcats, we rise in the draft once again!
ChargersFan4Life001::4 road wins woohoo
boozer8183::game was over
boozer8183::why did they foul at the end?
UK wants his account back CELTICS::JIMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR! :)
carial2::Please stern kick the bobcats out of the NBA this team is an embarrassment they should be a d league team
pantherfan2488::No Favorite Teams...classic troll call sign.
danjorams::the truth.
Sir Gunners::The Wizards* not the Cats.
ThomasCarr::K.
Jim7419::Kamba couldn't  hold jimmers jock strap. The only difference is KW is getting a chance and Jimmer plays for a moron!
ThomasCarr::You're a funny one.
Markiemormon::Stupid too!
ChargersFan4Life001::GG Bobcats fans, GL the rest of the way.
Sir Gunners::I hope my Cats keep sucking :(
