it is what it is::I said 2 months ago that the Heat are old and look disinterested in some of their games.  I got laughed at.  Looks like I'm getting the last laugh now.  The Heat ARE old.  Look at their roster and see how many players they have with 10+ years in the league.  Father Time catches up to everyone eventually.  And the 2 best players EVER in the game were Bill Russell and Oscar Robertson.  Jordan and James couldn't carry their jock straps.  Jordan traveled as much on the court as he had flying miles in his career.  James can't get by a defender without stiff arming them off him. That is an offensive foul on anyone else in the league.  The NBA has become "street ball", "thug ball" whatever you cant to call it but it isn't basketball.  Real basketball and real basketball players all died in the 90's.  All that is left now is the dregs and showboating.
James::I do think Blatche might have started the first overtime, giving the Big Ticket the timeout and maybe a minute or so of the overtime to refresh, and then put him back in there because he is the key closer for this team. Of course, Johnson, Pierce and Terry are closers also, but the Big Ticket is a little more important because he can do everything, score, pass, defend and including pulling down the gorilla rebound (the possession that is so critical to the outcome of the game that people are pulling on each other, banging together and everybody on the floor on is going for the ball) that invariably is needed to put a team away.
bgood2life::Shaun Livingston appears to have laid the foundation to transformed his journey in the NBA to a storybook ending and possible to the big screen. His trials and tribulation life story in don't never give up could be an inspiration to people in all walks of life. He is living proof if a person wants something bad enough,it is imperative to have a positive attitude,effort,determination,mentally focus, tangible goals and self belief  to convince others you are worthy of a given opportunity. The Nets head coach Jason Kidd,apparently was the right person to give Shaun the break he has been seeking. Keep on pushing.
carmelita::Nets didn't have Brooke Lopez & Deron Williams but they managed to win their last 5 games. Not having your star  players is an alibi for not winning games. Should be a group effort. That's why it is called a "TEAM"
Fred Derf::Why didn't Brooklyn play like this from the beginning of the season?
Lenny W::Miami has been playing catchup (with exception of Pelicans) in all of their games lately. And when James isn't around to bail them out it's Lights Out!
facethefacts11::Stupid coaching. When you are hot you push it, you don't sit back and watch your second string blow a lead-  Not against Miami.
Mack::It'll be interesting to see if LeBron and the Heat can apply the lessons learned after getting well-schooled by Melo and the Knicks yesterday.
bgood2life::Commissioner David Stern reportedly has received 6 text messages, from LeBron James regarding the officiating in the game against the Nets,tonight.However,he will allow the King to get a good night's sleep before he respond with the bad news that his days of receiving parental treatment from officials is Over. Get use to fouling out of games, in the future.
On the knoll::Miami is now 3-5 against the Atlantic, the worst division in the NBA.
