lulzangeleslakers101::Sick game all-around; good job Grizz fans.   Jimmy Butler will turn into a sick role-player. Yesterday was the first game he ever started in and he played 47 minutes and looked to be trying to show that he belonged.
chrisj81760::Grizz -2 1/2 ....... talk about a miraculous ending (if you had Memphis)
Hells Kitchen 666::Rose will be back in a wheel chair
Hells Kitchen 666::High haters
dancedance65::Grizz didn't look great (lots of missed FTs and mental mistakes), but a win is a win! Hope we can iron out these issues as the season continues, and I think we'll gel a lot better once the trade deadline passes. Whether we make a move or not remains to be seen, but everyone will play with more confidence once they know that this is their team. Good game Bulls fans, and good luck the rest of the way!
nba is the worst::Bulls only .500 at home?  Weird!
nonaligned::Memphis has a great team....Chicago played like they were missing a few players
Seven seconds of pleasure::Idiot laker fans always blaming gasol.  here he wins a game for them and they still wanna trade him, dum!
JTM157::Not a chance
gfugi101::Heat are really a 6 seed in the east they will get swept by the Bulls first round
gfugi101.::My bad. I meant Heat really the number one seed in the NBA, while the Lakers won't make the playoffs anymore while Kobe is playing.
Seven seconds of pleasure::<b>Dang, Deng!</b>
thf24::There are obviously offensive problems for the Grizz that weren't present early on. Chalk it up to trade rumor distractions if you want, but they've got to be fixed if this team is going to achieve anything more than a first round playoff exit.
NYballer6969::The Bulls almost squeaked this out w/o Rose , Deng and even Noah ... 17 points down to take the lead on Memphis , impressive !  It goes to show that Thibs really deserved  Rose's MVP Award 2 years ago . The Bulls had the best record last year despite Rose being out 1/2 the year . This year they lose practically their whole 2nd team , to me a bigger loss to the Bulls and are still playing great basketball ! The Bulls have a good nucleus of players and with Thibs they are even better . Doubt if Rose could of made the Wizards or the Nets of last year do anything better then what they did !
Mikeferrari3::Both teams are garbage  And the bulls are offensively challenged they could only score 82 points in a game that went to overtime lol
364Terry::says a bandwagon heat fan
Flying Through Madison Street::So why no noah at the end?
cbrosch::Thibs decided he's too ugly to play
hominyfalls::thibs makes a great assistant coach  at least Noah's mistakes are from being aggressive- he's the best point center in the $@%!$@% league- only guys that never make TO's never play- hell even the great Scalabrine made an occasional TO  great game for Butler, betcha Thibs buries him forever once Lu is back
cbrosch::Noah should focus less on running his big ugly mouth and more on not getting himself benched
knight_rider_1984::Memphis wins a tuff one in the Windy City. Way to go Grizz  and as always Peace,Love, and...........Grind
cbrosch::Jordan went and played minor league baseball in the middle of his career, thats how much he hated chicago!
veatmond::the truth is they didnt want to pay jordan the money he deserved.  but they paid it when he came back 20 something million a year. he would never had left if they only paid him. thats the facts jack
cbrosch::correct, his fathers death convinced him to do what would make him happy, which was pretty much anything other than being in chicago  sorry, i know the truth hurts
geeman217::You might wanna employ some FACTS with your rants.  Otherwise you sound like a dummy
Sinistersedan847::Baseball for the CHICAGO White Sox... hmmm
geeman217::cbrosch - uh, fact...jordan went and played minor league baseball in the middle of his career because he was sick of playing in chicago. ________ Uh his father was killed, had more to do with his decision.  Again don't let a few facts trip you up now...
cbrosch::uh, fact...jordan went and played minor league baseball in the middle of his career because he was sick of playing in chicago.
Srkfbjf47::Anyways Im out, 72-10, enjoy your 8th seed LOL.
Srkfbjf47::Tim Duncan &amp; his better career are laughing at KG &amp; his Celtics
Srkfbjf47::8th seed...LOL I cant even take a team like that serious.
geeman217::cbrosch Didn't they lose in the first round to  The 8th seed last year? _____________ Funny how 1- loss got Celts fans reaching for anything...  It'll be interesting to  SEE where the Celts end-up
cbrosch::17 banners, it's good to be king
TH13beast::OT Win, It's good to beat the Celtics!                                                  -Marco Bellinelli
geeman217::Winning when Auerbach had a monopoly on the League is really not impressive.  No free Agency. A few teams back then.  Not taking away, just pointing out...
Srkfbjf47::Celtics are a measly 8th seed LOL.
Das Ravenator::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AMXnKm4c8uA
Srkfbjf47::Celtics aren't even as good as the Raptors talent wise
Srkfbjf47::72-10, greatest NBA team ever, greater than the Celtics who now are as dangerous as the Sixers.
cbrosch::Didn't the 76ers beat the bulls as an 8th seed? Rofl!
KillMeBaby::Bulls minus Rose.
Das Ravenator::<b>Holding his knees... Holding his knees and down... </b>
Srkfbjf47::Chicago Bulls did go 72-10, making them the best NBA team ever.
1grizzfan4life::My Grizz knocked the Spurs out of the first round 4-2 as an 8th seed 2 years ago.
AKsparky907::What about the grizz beating the spurs two years ago?
cbrosch::Also, no #1 seed can say they lost to an 8th seed, congrats!
cbrosch::Lost to an 8th seed, only team in history to do so
hominyfalls::Cbrosch- "lost to an 8th seed, only team in history to do so"---   hey, dumazz- 1994  8th seed Denver beats Seattle, 1999 8th seed NYKnicks beat Miami, ATL and IND to make the finals, 2007 GS Warriors beat DAL....  so I guess you're right if history only goes back to 2012
ChiTownBuckets55::Went 72-10, and no one else can say that hah
cbrosch::And still lost to an 8th seed
Srkfbjf47::But went 72-10
cbrosch::And still lost to an 8th seed
Srkfbjf47::Without their top player healthy.  But still went 72-10
cbrosch::Didn't they lose in the first round to The 8th seed last year?
Srkfbjf47::Went 72-10 :)
ptutor123::The nba needs Derrick Rose back healthy again. Not only does he elevate the bulls but the entire league.
ptutor123::You're d a m n right! So quit acting like its not a big deal to have one
TH13beast::@cbrosch your freakin stupid, quit trolling, we kicked the Celtics butts, your a C's fan and you butthurt that you got beat by Marco bellinelli
cbrosch::It's not a big deal, any loser can get one
ptutor123::How many MVP awards do you have?
cbrosch::Same amount as you
cbrosch::Why would that gimp elevate the nba?
cbrosch::Even Kobe has an MVP, it's not that big of deal. If he wins another one I'll be impressed
DatGuy8921::Because being an MVP caliber player tends to do that.
cbrosch::Noah looks like he got hit in the face with a hammer 15 times
chocolate giddyup::Nate Robinson will win you some ball games but he'll lose you just as many.
DatGuy8921::No Nate Robinson will just run uncontrollably and heave the ball up.
chocolate giddyup::this game set basketball offense back 50 years
DatGuy8921::Fair assessment.  It was ugly.
cbrosch::Noah is the ugliest man in the world
bob964::And he does have a girlfriend by the way.
cbrosch::Once that pay check goes so will the women
bob964::I've seen some ugly human beings before and Noah  isn't the ugliest let alone ugly. And i bet you ain't so hot yourself.
cbrosch::He would need it, let's face it without money Noah would have to be gay to get any action
DatGuy8921::At least Noah has money to bring in the honeys.
DatGuy8921::Don't matter when you get paid to play ball professionally.  That said, Why are we worried about his looks now?
cbrosch::He should
DatGuy8921::Hey I'm sure Noah has his insecurities about his looks.
cbrosch::Whose worried? I'm just making an observable fact
BronyFan::Welp kind of disappointed but i know they'd be tired after 3 games that all ended up going into overtime. For once we've seen Decent Refs. As for Rose, wish him well. Not really a fan of the bulls but it's always sad seeing good players like Roy for instance being hurt by injury and they're still young.
cbrosch::The Chicago bulls are a joke, for a large market team to only have 6 titles is laughable. And the only reason you have those is you were lucky enough to get the greatest player of all time. The bulls have not sniffed a title before or since Jordan
ChiTownBuckets55::it took them 25 yrs idiot check ur facts
TH13beast::The Bulls were created in 1965, they were the Chicago Stags before that
cbrosch::uh, i did, bulls were created in 1940's, didn't win first title till 1990. Are you trying to tell me the bulls werent created till 1965 rofl?!
cbrosch::Still doesn't explain why the bulls can't win before or after Jordan, by the way the celtics have won before and after jordan
DatGuy8921::At least I'm talking from reasoning and respect for the other teams.  You on the other hand just keep liking your own statuses and attempt to look smart.
cbrosch::Is that all you got? It took the bulls 50 years in existence to win their first title, now that's pathetic rofl
DatGuy8921::And it's pathetic how the Celts took more than two decades to return to the champ status since Bird left.   It's pathetic how it took the Lakers 10 years to return to the finals.  It's pathetic how the Sixers haven't won anything since Dr J.    Every team goes through their highs and lows dude.
cbrosch::I'm just saying its pathetic that a large market team can't win a title unless it has the greatest player of all time
DatGuy8921::So has almost the entire NBA.  What's your point?  Every team goes through its era of dominance and era of bottom dwellers.    I mean look at the Clippers and Lakers right now.
cbrosch::Then you must be a celtics fan!
DatGuy8921::You mean back when the game was still amateurish and players that didn't win the trophy had to find summer jobs?  I'm serious that's how it was back in the 50s and 60s.
cbrosch::Exactly, back when every team was an all star team because there weren't small market teams for star players to waste away at
DatGuy8921::Oh wow all those titles when the NBA had 8 teams.
Srkfbjf47::Who's your team?  Cause my team has the greatest team ever, maybe in all of sports.
Srkfbjf47::Jimmy Butler is the real deal, a potential star.
supersportsman123::Folks, the return is aimed at February 19th!!! (Although i still think the 21st vs Miami could happen)
cbrosch::Shocker, bulls lose when the refs call the game fairly
bob964::Let me guess a bitter Celtics fan who can't get over a loss. Pathetic.
cbrosch::Against the celtics they got ridiculous calls, the head ref was already fined for not calling a foul on that "jump ball" at the end of regulation
ChiTownBuckets55::ur one to talk about missed calls remember Rondos flagrant on Brad miller in game 5 of 2009 bulls celtics series, or how about the fact that the refs carried Boston all the way to the 2008 title
cbrosch::Like the bulls are in any better position. The only way they can win is by getting cheap calls from the ref. didn't you guys lose to the 8th seed last year?
DatGuy8921::It's not like the Celtics are in any position to seriously make a push for another championship banner.
cbrosch::A beating is losing by 1 in overtime? This is why you guys only have 6 banners rofl
Srkfbjf47::ref?  Celtics took that beating well.
Srkfbjf47::Or..cause they went 2 OTs back to back you majestic moron?
pointgod6882::Nate Robinson came up short at the end
DatGuy8921::That's just sums up Nate Robinson.
UWBadgers442::BULLS LOSE HAHAHHA
AdamSaidThis::Minus Deng and Rose...the Bulls can beat beaten by Memphis in OT.  Why dig deeper than that?
ChiTown3452::Jimmy Butler shows glimpses of becoming a special player. I loved the effort by the Bulls tonight and I am counting down the days till the return of the MVP!
DatGuy8921::I loved how he took down Rudy Gay.  It was like he was trying to do his best Charles Tillman impersonation.
FadeBackShootBrick::how does marques teague have 0 minutes played? I could've sworn I seen him play in this game
DatGuy8921::Probably didn't play enough to garner one full minute.  Or the statistician is messing up.
FadeBackShootBrick::Oh, could be the first one then
YogaBeer::ZAck Randolph with 19 boards is just sick.    Saw him on the Pit Bull Rescue show last week.    Good on and off the court.
DatGuy8921::Yeah all that is paltry compared to the antics of Metta World Peace and Dennis Rodman.  In terms of being unfocused clowns here and there.
NYSportsFan360::he wasnt always good off the court
NYSportsFan360::he would get into drug problems, get suspended, he also used to not focus on defense, maybe a lil uncoachable in the past  so there were a few things but hes not that bad of a guy in the past and he is now a good leader and a great player
DatGuy8921::Nothin' at all actually.  Damn it if I want to fart on a nun, then it's my right as an 'Murican to do so.
YogaBeer::What's wrong with that if it was Larry David?
DatGuy8921::He farted on a nun.
YogaBeer::Maybe he's trying to make amends for what ever he did.   What did he do that was bad?
NYSportsFan360::I wonder if Bulls fans miss Ben Gordon  it seems like the Bulls lack another quality scorer to go along w/ Rose  and I think Gordon would fit in that role nicely
AdamSaidThis::He wanted 5 years 50 million and was a basketball black hole. What do you think?
bucksnreds::I know the mojo of the Bulls team is defense. But why SUCH anemic offense? Is it a problem with the sets they run that does not get the players open (coaches fault) or the team is shooting poorly (players fault)?
AdamSaidThis::No Rose. No Deng. Those are our two best offensive options. /end
Rasta Masta 33::Thats why I dont think the Bulls will go far agianst a good defensive team this year, Rose wont be 100% instantly either
NBA Guru Charles Barkley::oh how the cookie crumbles......mmmm cookies
NYSportsFan360::Knicks recently got back Chicago-born Iman Shumpert back  nice addition to the team
