Daymeon Craig::Embarrassing to all nba champions
Treyvon Carter::arent you a pacers fan
Daymeon Craig::Yes but I'm a basketball fan and this is ridiculous
Kenny Rowland::Treyvon Carter aren't you from Atlanta
Shelton Moss::"We'll see Wednesday how I'm coasting". -LeBron pregame.  Heat down 25 after 1. Screw you LeBron, go Wiz.
Scott McHardy::Bit Jelly that LeBron is the greatest of all time? So many haters... Worst thing about NBA is the supporters inability to recognise how amazing it is to be able to watch a genius..
Matthew L Smith::was just gonna write that...beat me to it!
Robert Velovic::Scott McHardy worst thing is LeBrons mouth
Andrew Clawson::LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
Sherman Dudley::That's all that needs to be said.
Adam Youman::sooo lemme get this straight...you are laughing out out out out out out out out out out out out out out out out out out out out out out loud?
Andrew Clawson::Loud & Proud @Adam
Victor Colon III::43-18 Washington after the first quarter. Not sure this is what Lebron meant when he told us all to "just watch"
Scott McHardy::keep watching.
Aeron Uchiha::just watch - what you see is what you get.
Christopher Ciskowski::Scott McHardy i kept watching till the end of the game and i also saw LBJ get postureized by Nene..here's the link in cased you turned your t.v. off. <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgBBRnm0rls>
Will Posters::KD: "I look at Bron's boxscore and see 7, 8 turnovers. At the end of a game I look at mine and see 3 turnovers and think, "Man, I should've got a few more".
LeQuain Franklin Shakim::LeBron actually passes
Jabari Akil::KD: " I look at Bron and see 4 MVPs, 2 finals MVPs, 2 rings and 2 gold medals. I hate being 2nd all the time. "
VJ Holladay::I was gonna say lol its hard to turn the ball over when you don't pass it.
Michael Martin::Lebron talks trash doesn't back it up, gets embarrassed by Nene. Heat blown out! = Victory for America
Steve Harvey::HAHA I know right, and @ Allan Ogg can I have some fries with that?? LMAO stupid bandwagon Heat fan, enjoy the Dolphins and Marlins when LBJ leaves this summer and your franchise turns into a joke. O wait Heat fans don't support garbage so I doubt that happens.
Josh Brown::Dont you get it they have the number two second on lock..you'll probably never see a full out performance from the Heat until the playoffs its apart of the master plan to win a 3rd championship..just watch and see !!
Steve Harvey::Josh Brown- Heat fan since July 8, 2010  Sorry buddy the NBA has been in existence long before 2010.
Nick Drakely::"We lost by 40, but the most important thing was I still managed to shoot 50%"  -LeBron
Will Posters::"I looked at KD's boxscore and saw 15-for-28 and thought, man if I shot that much.."
Blake Whitehouse::"We'll see Wednesday how I'm coasting," James said jokingly as he made his way into the Heat locker room on Monday. "You'll see the numbers I'll put up on Wednesday. Just watch."  Uh oh.
Steve Ungar::He HAS been coasting, or at least Spoelstra has, by putting the bench out there for so many of these sub-500 opponents.  We have the second seed wrapped up, and with a win streak might even take the first seed.  But still, after two straight losses to under .500 overconfident scrub teams full of thugs, I would hope that the Heat put a big lead up before coasting in the future.
Blake Whitehouse::Steve Ungar To say he is coasting is just disrespectful.  Is he playing as intensely as he will come playoff time?  No.  But no superstar who has been there before does.
Francis Dinh::Uh oh is right
Zach Batizy::"We'll see Wednesday how I'm coasting. You'll see the numbers I'll put up on Wednesday. Just watch".
Kristian Sooklal::Lol don't think that happened
Graham Horobetz::LeBron clearly still physically shaken from Teletovic's malicious attack ..... clearly
Pierre Aviles::I'm so glad we drafted Chris Bosh  - Heat Fans
Alan Ogg::said nobody ever
Chad Clark::lol, this works on so many levels.
Josh Strouth::I don't know if this was mentioned earlier, but the Wizards 69 first half points tonight was more than they scored in the entire game against the Pacers last week.
Scott Hall::lol
Ayn Bland::Pacers rule the East.  A dubious honor.  They'll be eaten alive in the finals, though.
Scott Hall::Ayn Bland lol
Eric Jvon Thomas::I'm at the game HEAT FANS EVERYWHERE ARE DEAD RIGHT NOW LOL
Matthew Todd Ballinger::"Heat fans" in DC? lol
Kristian Sooklal::Matthew Todd Ballinger Yeah all of these bandwagon fans in "Chocolate City" will root for anybody who's recently winning. They cheer for Kobe, James Harden, Kevin Durant, Lebron, Jeremy Lin... all bandwagon fans. It's about as bad as Atlanta in terms of numbers of bandwagon fans.
Chelo Mejias::There is guys crying in the locker room  Erik Spoelstra
Steve Harvey::"Ray Allen for Rookie of the Year!"  - Your typical Heat fan
Jake Gilliland::w/out Ray Allen last year Tim duncan would be polishing his ring and the Miami fans would be crying in their bandwagon...
Michael Souza::Does any super star complain more than Lebron?
Scott Hall::Dwyane Wade
ScottandKari Baderman::Michael Jordan.
Jason Comito::In basketball, nope.
Andrew Schumacher::To all the Miami Heat fans at Verizon Center tonight. I feel bad for you all, I really do. The Wizards beat down your team for a full 4 quarters, AND the Cowboys had another terribly disappointing season.
David Stewart::lol. you're killing me. Heat & Cowboys fans ARE the same.
Alan Ogg::Heat up 20= z0mg!!!!!!! boring regular season game! NBA is rigged  Heat down by 20= ahahah! lechoke won't win ANYTHING!! go wizards!!
Jabari Akil::Watch the ref talk come out of nowhere.
George Jimas::they have to say something.
Chelo Mejias::It's a little sweeter seeing the Heat lose....when Lebron guarantees a memorable performance...What a clown!
Steve Harvey::"Richie Incongnito is my Role Model!"  - Miami fans
Hamsar Sumagka Pagayao::brace yourselves heat fans are coming back to life.
Kervin Vancol::Why are you mad?
Alan Ogg::you are from los angeles. you have no say
Hamsar Sumagka Pagayao::Kervin Vancol I am not mad bro, I myself is a heat fan :)
Chris Smith::I know the wizards are playing the heat. I know the wizards are terrible at home. I also know that Wade and Co. Just visited Obama, but seriously only one sentence pertaining to the wizards in the preview? I for one hope the wizards break the hearts of all of the heat d sucking writers hearts
Chris Smith::Minus the last heart. Check that, if they have two hearts I hope they both break.
Steve Ungar::Poor hater, you really think the 17-19 wizards deserve more press than the Heat?  SMH....
Chris Smith::Never said they deserved more press.. the heat are the defending champs but one sentence? Come on bro that is weak
Himler Audisho::Championship caliber defense by Heat. No doubt in my mind Pacers beat Heat this year.
Steven Rivera::Lebron was jealous of KD cause he takes over 25 shots a game and every analyst said before the game, Watch out Washington this could get ugly for you guys tonight. LOL yea sure...
Robert Hawley::pride comes before a fall haha
Jody George Prats::lol.........Knicks fan
Will Posters::Lebron doesnt have a killer instinct. He can go extra tryhard and make a few layups and dunks more than usual, but thats about it. He's mentally weak
