KyberAntillies::Derrick Favors &gt; Tim Duncan
dool22::NASH CHOKED
Phillip_Cook::The only good Laker is a Salt Laker!  Go Jazz
JackK-Az::Congrats Jazz! Dammit suns... See you guys in the Western Conference finals next year when we sign Eric Gordon :) Why did the Thuggets have to get in. Go Suns anyway
GsU -3000-GsU::good to see the Jazz play so well... Paul could have gotten a quadruple double lol if he hadn't gotten 4 fouls so quick
ChadHW987::jazz and bulls in the nba finals
boardorbust::This Spurs series will be a good, but humbling, experience for all these young Jazz players.  They will come to appreciate how hard you have to work to become like the Spurs and NEVER take a play off and always execute.  Unfortunately my Jazz have not learned that yet.  There were stretches in last nights game where it looked like they did not even try to run the offense.  These young guys are getting it but they have a long way to go.  At least we have the talent if we can keep the core of these young guys together we should be even better in 2-3 years and do some serious contending.  Go Jazz!
TubbyTime334::Sad To See My Suns Lose, but The Jazz Are Playing Good. Hope Suns try to make Big Moves and Nash Resigns. Good Luck To the Jazz. Down The Spurs!!!
s_wixom::The best part is that our young guys are learning to win!
YOU CRY BECAUSE YOUR CONFERENCE SUCKS::....................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\.
British_kid_in_ky::I will root for Nash no matter what team he goes to unless it is the Heat.  Please, please, please don't go there,
ofaixa::I'm with you. Of course unless he's playing my Jazz. I like Nash. Classy guy. I would be happy for him if he got a ring. But I couldn't cheer for him if he went to Miami.
higgibop23::I hate the spurs so much because they can't play real basketball. I would say the jazz could beat the spurs but they can't beat a bunch of whinny actors+ refs.
_walnuts_::Good bye Steve Nash. Thank you for all the great years before Sarver ruined the team. You're one of my favorite Suns of all time.
JackK-Az::Don't say goodbye yet, we're only kinda playing at like 7:30 wednesday
ryensgin::People are only fooling themselves if they think any team is going to represent the West other than Utah.  Come to terms with reality and accept the inevitable.  Jazz win it all in only 20 games!!!
DP46561::The Jazz have had a better season than anyone even dreamed!!! As a very passionate, life-long fan, I didn't think we would even get to 30 wins or even get close to the playoffs. But this Jazz team PLAYS HARD!!!
SauceCaptain::For me it's time to collect. I told everybody at the start of te season the Jazz would make the 7 or 8 seed this year and everybody said I was crazy. Now my friends owe me 20 bucks and some lunch. Jazz making me look good!
Foghorn HookemHorns::Layin' it on ya French style!  This will be happening every game...c'est magnifique!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5uc01w_Jl8
pyril99::he palmed the ball.
BYUsux45::I wanted the Jazz to trade Devin Harris so bad this year...but I am getting sold on him now.  He has stepped up since the trade deadline.  I wouldn't mind him staying around now.
mark35345::Sure I'm just worried he's too frail for the NBA. He has an affinity for the disabled list.
hurricaneharris7::Devin really has stepped up his game. I wanted the Jazz to trade him earlier this year as well. Nice job by the front office sticking to their instincts.
Rockchalk.15::Welcome to the Miami Heat, Steve Nash.
JackK-Az::Miami = Bandwagon loser team. Steve Nash = Classy guy who won't make his signing into a goddam hour long program on ESPN
shedy-mac::Yeah, he will join another guy with 2+ MVPs but no titles.
_walnuts_::I think he'll go elsewhere. He won;t take the MLE to get blamed for Lebrons failure next year. Bosh is going to get ran out of town when the blame it on him this year.
HTownRprsntr::Wow, with that celebration you'd think the jazz had just won the NBA title
pyril99::Somebody is mad that his team got knocked out of the playoffs again by the Jazz.
SauceCaptain::The confettti comes down after every home game ... it has been going on since they built the Delta center almost 20 years ago. That's just how it works. Besides for a team that was picked to finish dead last in the west by nearly every sports writer in the nation (including espn), this is a big deal for such a young team.
BYUsux45::Playoffs are a big deal in SLC.  And they have great fans.
mark35345::Besides - they're a bunch of young kids who have used the regular season to improve - sounds corny - but the Spurs better not take them lightly...
mark35345::I'm impressed by the Jazz. They looked absolutely dysfunctional the first 3 weeks of the season. At this point, Tyrone Corbin should be coach of the year! How about going 2-0 in San Antonio - you can do it Jazz - just run the Spurs off the court - besides Parker - they're not that quick.
Foghorn HookemHorns::Yeah, Manu regularly doesn't blow by players.  Or Kawhi, or Stephen Jackson.  And you think they call Matt Bonner the Red Rocket 'cause he's SLOW?  Well...stil...Spurs have some speed. Can't score 108 PPG since the All-Star break with one fast player.
ofaixa::Also this Jazz team is very similar to that Memphis team who did it last year... I know that Zebo pretty much played out of his head... But it could happen.
mark35345::The Spurs were defeated by an 8 seed last year. I know lightning doesn't strike twice but....both the Spurs and the Lakers are overrated.
so3icy::whats next for Steve Nash? http://thenaykedtruth.blogspot.com/2012/04/steve-nash-chronicles-perfect-fit.html
adam_keefe_fan_forever::I'm so proud of my Jazz!
yalucas1::all time "WHAT IF?" team, first link below (with roy yao ming and mcgrady, new big 3) https://www.google.ca/#hl=en&amp;safe=off&amp;sa=X&amp;psj=1&amp;ei=4gqYT9rqBpH3ggeuzJT6Bg&amp;ved=0CBkQvwUoAQ&amp;q=busta+sports+what+if+team&amp;spell=1&amp;bav=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.r_cp.r_qf.,cf.osb&amp;fp=c4126340f3b2a615&amp;biw=1440&amp;bih=775
Nash_Owns_LA::Way to choke in the biggest game of the year Gortard
ofaixa::You can blame Derrick Favors for that. He was a beast with 5 blocks. All on Gortat.
hatuman::Gortat was schooled all night long on offense and defense.  Every time Gortat thought he had an easy layup or dunk, Favors blocked him.  Favors got him rattled and Gortat only ended up scoring two points.  Then Big Al and Favors kept scoring on Gortat on the other end.  Robin Lopez played better and the Suns brought him back to play the important minutes in the 4th.  I felt bad for Gortat after awhile . . . well, not too bad.
IBleedGarnetandGold15::Do people still think Gentry is such a great coach?
Does Wayne Brdy Hfta Djokovic::without question. How can I count the ways.
Nash_Owns_LA::Hard to win without talent, yeah I think Gentry is fine
prdeepak84::Imagine how sick this team would have been if Deron Williams was still playing there. They have a good nucleus Jefferson, Millsap, Hayward, Harris &amp; Favors. Add some good free agents to the mix and these guys will contend in the next few years
kaptinkangaroo::That would not be possible. The only reason Harris and Favors are on the team is because D-Will isn't.... Maybe he'll come back as a free-agent though.
SauceCaptain::Not a cance. Watever Mark Cuban wants Mark Cuban gets. Dwill will be playing in Dallas next year.
jakec213::It'd be nice to see Utah get one or two wins in this series. Playing against the Spurs in the playoffs will give these young guns the best and hardest playoff experience possible. Contenders in two years.
GoTmJazz52::Kick b*tt on Suns. Go home and sit on cactuses!
Martin Rodriguez677::Well, we more than likely know the Suns would have given the Spurs about the same competition at #8 that the Jazz would have. But if anything, the Jazz may very well give them more of a fight. Regardless, it's a guaranteed pass thru the 1st Round for the Spurs. We'll see what happens later.
Does Wayne Brdy Hfta Djokovic::umm no
pyril99::Maybe true. But Timmy is about to get more shots blocked then he has ever had.
tcccfrom713::TOP 10 BEST BIG MEN OF LAST 20 YEARS   1. TimDuncan then 2. Hakeem Olajuwon, then 3.Shaq, then 4.Karl Malone, then 5.David Robinson, then 6.Charles Barkley, then 7.Dirk Nowitzki, then 8.Kevin Garnett, then 9.Patrick Ewing then 10. Dennis Rodman... Duncan has 4 rings, Olajuwon owned Shaq in 94 NBA Finals 4-0 sweep , and won two rings by himself, When did Shaq ever win a ring without Kobe and D Wade, Karl Malone, 2nd all time in points scored, no rings thanks to MJ and the Bulls but 2nd best PF ever behind Duncan, had to put him up there before the rest.
woodruffhunter::We are much better off without DWill.  Hopefully, other teams will realize that the inmates shouldn't run the asylum.  Give the Jazz 2 more years and they will be legit contenders.  They need some better shooting and a legit point guard (I still like Harris), and they will  be contenders...
steelers82236867::Jazz need better guard play, there aren't many good PG's in the draft so who cares about the lottery. would rather be in the playoffs where anything can happen then be hoping for another lottery pick in a spot where there is already good players
zulu696::hey steve nash, we could put you to work up here in utah for a couple years
wizardofthewestoffense::*Can see a couple of guys in sweat drenched white button ups looking for Steve Nash to invite him to Utah.*
zulu696::@B954858904260707 they throw confetti after every home win
bear0402::And the Jazz just lost their 1st round pick to the Timberwolves.
pyril99::Jazz didn't lose anything it was part of a trade stupid A$$.
jakec213::Who cares? We have enough young talent. We don't need anymore.
.boom.shaka.::Gratz on making the playoffs Utah.  It's hard to believe this team is only two years removed from being blown up.  Proving, once again, that you can move a superstar without killing your future.
British_kid_in_ky::something the magic need to learn
B954858904260707::lol @ all the confetti and $@%! just for making the playoffs
invisibleink64::lol @ your ignorance for not knowing that they do that after every home win
Noondog112378::bring on LOS SPURS - looks like the moppers are the only team that can give them a run...
Jai22T::This Utah team has the best bigs in the business,if they can get some better guard play in the offseason they can be really good.Get DWill back
fliptide....::Bittersweet game to watch. Rarely have I watched a game and be rooting for BOTH teams as strange as it sounds.  Seeing Utah back in the playoffs vs seeing Nash possibly end his career facing his (bust my nose, why dontcha ) nemesis in the Spurs.  Tip of the hat to your young coach, Great game, Congrats, UTAH!
Spurdiboy::Congrats Jazz, see you in the playoffs.   -Spurs
Mavsolute_Beast_41::It's amazing Jazz made the playoffs after that loss to the Kings at home.
Finnegan5033::Thanks for the 1st round pick Utah. Nice job  Timberwolves
Mavsolute_Beast_41::Congrats Jazz fans! Now go kick some Spurms a.ss
ACandOJ::Does anyone know why the Jazz were dropping confetti for being scraping in as the 8th seed?? That has to be a 1st...
kaptinkangaroo::We like to party.
zulu696::they throw confetti after every home win
ACandOJ::If you knew all the trash $@%! fans talk....
fliptide....::c'mon, give the kids a break! Besides, I think it was their LAST HOME GAME OF THE REGULAR SEASON. Teams often do that.
Jay195660::I agree about giving the kids a break but the Jazz close out the regular season at home Thursday night against Portland.
MBC32AMG350Z::Utah Jazz&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;LA Lakers!!!!!
MBC32AMG350Z::Not one person except the Jazz themselves expected to be in the playoffs. ESPN.com and NBA.com had them finishing dead last in the west. But here are the Jazz, a year removed from the darkest moments in franchise history, losing a hall of fame coach and a potential hall of fame player. Lots of credit for Corbin, and Kevin O'Connor avoiding the Melo, Dwight, and LeBron debacles and realizing lets avoid that whole scenario. Will we beat San Antonio. NO, but the key here is we get more playing experience for our young guys in an environment that is 10x more harder than the regular season. Watch out, the Jazz could be a dangerous team for years to come. On a side note, the Jazz also avoided consecutive losing seasons for the first time since 82-83. That's 29 years that the Jazz have not had consecutive losing seasons. And since 84, we have had just 2 losing seasons. In 2004-2005 and last season!!!
fliptide....::a bit long, but well expressed sentiments.
scotthomgren1968::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets like I once was...more
MBC32AMG350Z::Yeah yeah, who cares
benji200925::On night like tonight hard to believe Nash's career high pts. is 42.
ahlborn18::STEVE NASH PLEASE LEAVE PHOENIX AND GO TO A CONTENDER. YOU DESERVE A RING!!!!!!!!!!!!!
