antonio lopez gomez::Del partido que estamos comentando el de anoche .. se perdió por el cabezoneria  del entrenador .. ..Va a ser muy difícil para Adelman encontrar una manera de dar a todos estos chicos .minutos eso tambien hay que entenderlo .. alomejor un transfer les vendría bien .. y el resto de partidos ganados (excepto en el que Lucas tubo su día el tiro y metió creo que 25 puntos ) por los Lobos .. han tenido un denominador común grandes diecciones de Ricky y un manejo de las rotacines impecables por parte de Adelman ...
wackotheclown7022::Hey Associated Press, learn your facts before you write a recap of a game. You might have realized that the Pacer's have now scored over 100 points this season FOUR times, not twice.
jperez78::i will be all smiles when the wolves are running the league in a couple years
antonio lopez gomez::El año que viene con un center decente ...ganamos el anillo .. y ojo este año ...entramos en los juegos finales ..sañudos
c_elliscae::lol kevin love is an idiot.
luvnbayes::I think Adleman is a smart man so I hope he comes to the realization that Milicic just kills his team whenever he plays.  And I'm not sure how JJ Barea is going to fit in.  I think he made millions of dollars in last year's playoffs against the Lakers, who didn't (and don't) have a clue how to guard the pick and roll.  But Barea helped Dallas becasue they played a bunch of zone when he was in the game.  Minnesota's bigs aren't smart enough to play zone, so Barea has to try and guard someone, which he can't do.  And he's not a point guard at all, he looks to shoot every time he touches the ball.  Minnesota remains one legit wing player from being a good team.  That player should be Beasley, but the word flake is written all over him.  How about Barea and Wesley Johnson for Ray Allen?  Boston needs to get younger, Allen would love to play with Rubio.
Been banned twice::ray ray
CGraceIII::Heard the Pacers are interested in Kaman, what do you think they'll offer for him?
Been banned twice::a gift card to scheels
antonio lopez gomez::a actuacion de ricky ayer no fue buena, se le ve cansado, aun asi se mantuvo correcto durante todo el partido.....adelman ayer no me gusto, y eso q para mi tiene q estar en la carrera para el entrenador del año, le dio demasiados minutos a barea, q estuvo nefasto, y se empeña en confiar en jonshon y milicic... lo mejor q puede poner wolves en la cancha a dia de hoy es rubio, wester, beasley, love, pekovic..... creo q todo lo q no sea eso es dar facilidades a los rivales, ridnuar no puede defender, jonshon no hace nada, milicic es nulo en ataque....creo q mas pronto q tarde veremos ese 5 inicial....y a partir de hay pues a ver qien se gana el puesto para el año q viene, wolves necesita y escolta anotador como sea y un alero, q si se centra, podria ser beasley...y un pivot, como media nba, pero a mi pekovic me vale de momento
antonio lopez gomez::mattrussell1124 Hola que tal ? ...ponga usted el traductor que es lo que yo hago para poder  leerles ...escribo desde España ...un saludo .. !!VAMOS lOBOS !!!
K_Rambis486::he doesn't understand. This is Emerica dumant
mattrussell1124::en Ingles, por favor.
AdamWest234::Another thing.... Why didn't Randolph dress last night?  His athleticism was really needed.
AdamWest234::I am surprised the Wolves only lost by 10 points.  Also, why can't Adelman understand that if Wes Johnson can't play against Chandler Parsons he definitely can't play against Danny Granger and the like.  WES NEEDS TO BE TAKEN OUT OF THE STARTING LINEUP!!!!!!!  WAKE UP ADELMAN!!!!!
Malcyon1::It's no wonder Love has so many points, half of them come from shooting free throws...
bjmann61::14 of the first 21 games on the road and the Pacers are 15-6.    The Hill injury will hurt them, but they will go at least 45-21 this year.
joe2009iund::Wow, some really dumb comments by Love.  I did not watch the game, just the highlights attached in this article; but the foul on Granger was dumb and Danny's reaction was appropriate.  But to laugh at their "toughness" is just stupid when all you did is back away from the altercation until your friendly neigborhood hooligans, beasley and webster, stepped in.  It is one thing to make those comments after a win, but when you do it after you lose, just makes you seem petty and immature.  He just lost one fan (and from the comments below, seems like a few more).  No tongue in cheek there Kevin..
c_elliscae::completely agree. he doesnt know how to handle a losing environment. it shows every time he loses a game. hes an ok player, but alot of his points come from the line. pacers are a tough physical team and they couldnt match it. why make comments after the game?
PATRIOTSARELYKOMGGOOD::Yeah...his comments were shocking, figured he'd handle it a lot better than he did.
Reds30417::Very well said. I think Love is just frustrated with the way his team played and being 10-12 (and 5-8 at home). You can't dog the Pacers for being tough... "They think they are tough".... No, Kevin. Your teammate Rubio put it best, "They played hard and we didn't." People have been crediting the Pacers for their toughness/defense all year. Welcome to reality.
Kyrie Irving....ROY::Yeah, I was sort of a Wolves fan until last night. K.Love is a douchiebag. Rubio just sucks.   Come talk when you can beat the Cavs who beat you at home.
Malcyon1::Or beat actual quality opponents...
mn_tanz::Yeah, let's not get into the whole, Wolves can't beat quality opponents nonsense.  They can and they have.  They also can lose to bad teams.  But that should be expected.  They have an average age of 23 (I think).  They are young, regardless, and depend on a rookie PG and have a completely new coaching staff with no time to learn/adapt preseason.  When you have that much young talent and a good, yet new, coach, a team tends to be inconsistent.  It isn't a surprise to me that the Wolves have picked up some good wins and some bad losses.
AdamWest234::Spurs (twice), Clippers, and Rockets.  Wolves are the most inconsistent team in the league right now.
Malcyon1::Or the Heat, Bucks, Cavs, Bulls, Lakers, hell you can't even beat the Craptors.
cobrakai2002::Like the defending champs? Twice?
austin24454::Finally the pacers are good, and yet nobody will give them respect...sad
ekeren12::i dont mind them flying under the radar :)
Robdee999::Good Win Pacers. We need to finish stronger in the fourth but we still got the win.
pacersfj20::maybe Love would have done better if he wasn't crying the entire game about every call made.  I think that he truly thinks he never committed an infraction.  Also that foul was very uncalled for because as they said on the pacers broadcast, it is not a basketball play because granger was dribbling it out.  It would have been different if he was going towards the basket.  Love should have been given a flagrant 1 or at least a technical foul but granger was given the technical, and all Love got was a personal foul, so it seems like the Pacers were the ones that lost on that call.  I don't know what it is about the Pacers being able to get under the star player's skin.  it happened in Chicago and now it has happened in Minnesota.  STOP CRYING because you lost.
Kyrie Irving....ROY::Bricky Rubio strikes again
frickinegg::Seriously? It's amazing that even six people believe this.
Malcyon1::Overhyped.
Mavsolute Beast 41::Kevin Love is a child
Taco with a Q::LOL here is a funny stat.  Pacers had 10 players play...and all 10 players had a different number of rebounds yet none over 9.   0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9, rebounds for each player
Taco with a Q::I had mad respect for Kevin Love but he lost some of it tonight by his stupid comments.   He hates the Pacers that bad???   They play each other twice a year and I've never seen any beef between the two teams....  Just take the loss tonight like a real man Kevin Love!!
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::yeah it was in the heat of the loss still and thats why they ask questions then bc they know people like him will spout out things they normally would not say. esp a bad move after rose making comments too, two players ripping on a team on the rise, of course reporters are all over that  and to mention the fact that before it did just look like a hard foul on granger, but now that he reveals his long standing hate for the pacers, then it makes it seem like it was more intentional then originally proposed
zkline00::I feel the same way man. He really sounded like an idiot tonight.
newcaymanS::Yesterday some dude was here talking about how the T-wolves were going to walk all over the Pacers.  Basically, he didn't respect the Pacers as a quality team.  Fine, I understand if you're not on board yet as it's early in the season, but, um YOUR TEAM IS THE FREAKIN' TIMBERWOLVES DUDE!!!
ekeren12::lol okamixt.  the timberwolves have been god awful for how long?  they cant even win with 100000 first round picks.
K_Rambis486::Rik Smits, that is all. $@%! the T-Wolves
okamixt::your team is the pacers? they've been pretty mediocre the last decade as well. not to mention they like to fight (Ron Artest, Stephen Jackson).
chargersblow260::I never knew the Pacers still had artest and jackson.
brassknuckles13::ok  cause kg, cassel, and spree didnt play in the conference finals????
antadrag::The Timberwolves have never even won a playoff series.  And if you're going to put this team in the same category as Artest and Stephen Jackson, then you are truly ignorant.  It's an entirely different franchise, and those days are long gone.
NBA_refs_are_weak::lol if granger has 15 FT attempts against like any other team people would cry about the refs, but since its the poor twolves its like no one gives a $@%!. poor poor minnesota =(
mattrussell1124::part of granger's game is getting to the line a lot
cobrakai2002::This loss is on Adleman, he went with Darko &amp; wes for WAAAAY too long. Neither one should be getting signifigant PT.
K_Rambis486::nor should Darko have been drafted in front of Melo. Thank you Detroit.
sportsballer1113::ESPN blocked me from messaging anything on my other account... Anyone know how long thats gonna last??
TWolves4Life2256::Soo I guess Kyrie Irving is truly the ROY. Ricky Rubio sucked tonight
Hutch1005::That's been pretty common lately, at least they saved their extension for him.
barneybotwin::lol @ Kevin Love! He's questioning why the Pacers think they're tough. A) because they are. B) because just about everyone is tough compared to Love. He has to be one of the most overrated players in the NBA. He's like David Lee 2.0. He fills up the stat sheet with garbage points and rebounds. The guy has a bunch of top 5 picks around him and he still can't win. Can you really call someone the best at their position if they've never had a winning record? He's lucky just not to finish last. He'd be one of the few and maybe the only player ever to be the best at his position and not be able to make the playoffs. It's not like half the NBA goes to the playoffs or anything. Oh wait... and he still can't get in. And he's questioning other players toughness? Dude is weak.
mixmaster89::i can't beieve ud say alderidge has a weak team.... the blazers have been up and coming for the past couple years only thing that holds them back is injuries.... im a pacer fan too....
jaredpaul89::Aldridge has a weak team??? Come on man... This arguement just took a bad turn..  Aldridge has one of the better teams around.. Felton is a legit PG that would start on over half the teams in the league.. Matthews is one of the best defensive SGs in the leage.  Wallace is a player that every team would love to have and they have Camby at C.. He can still play at a very high level.. Also, they bring Jamal Crawford off the bench to score 15 a night..   Also, its not fair to compare Love to Howard.. Howard is the most physically dominate player in the league.. Maybe Lebron is ahead but Howard is a monster.. Love does everything he does from under the rim.. He isnt a high flyer and he isnt a super strong player.. He is skilled and he knows how to get position.. The only thing that is holding him back is his team.. If he was in a bigger market doing what he is doing, he would be a MVP... Sota holds him back and David Kahn is killing him by not putting legit talent around him.
jaredpaul89::So you arent sure what a PF is and you want to say that Aldridge could do better when Love is a better player??  IDK man... I think love is a top 3 PF in the league and he is doing a damn good job.. Im not saying you are wrong, because who is to say for sure, but I am just saying that you cant actually believe that Love is only playing good because he is on a bad team... His team is being lead by a PG that has never played in the NBA and his starting C is Darko... Give him some credit.. Bosh had Bargs and some other nice role players..   Look at it like this, Durant wasnt a top 2 player until his team got better. Let Love's team get better and then we will see..
barneybotwin::Obviously I know what a power forward is. I'm just saying if they are interchangeable for the sake of this argument, Howard and Nene are better. Aldridge is a legit power forward that I think is better. He's winning in Portland and it's not like he has a lot of talent. Gerald Wallace? Batum? I just don't know how someone can put up those numbers and lose. Have you watched Jameer Nelson play? He is horrible and Howard has been winning for years. And Bargs was useless when Bosh was there if I recall. Didn't he only average like 7 pts or something? They had so many bad players but Bosh carried them. At what point does Love carry the Wolves?
jaredpaul89::Is there a PF in the league that would make this team win?  Not a fan of either team but lets just say you could trade Love for any PF in the league.. Which one would make this team a winning team?
mn_tanz::I don't think people are serious about Love being MVP.  If the wolves somehow manage to get into the playoffs, I think a few 3rd or 4th place votes for MVP may be warranted.
mn_tanz::Power forward is someone that plays power forward.  Howard maybe could play PF, but he doesn't.  He's a center, which is why people call him a center.  And I doubt Howard could be as effective as a PF, since he isn't nearly as good away from the basket.  I think Aldridge is better than Kevin Love.  I don't think he would add many/any wins to the team.    And that's a debatable point about having less talent for Bosh up in Toronto.  Maybe, but I doubt it, with the possible exception of this year.  Although Rubio still needs to develop for me to say that there is good, developed talent around Love.  I don't know Toronto's record when they made the playoffs, but for quite a few years, under .500 made the playoffs in the east, when that hasn't been the case in the west at all.
barneybotwin::By the way, some people are calling Kevin Love an MVP. Not finishing last is valuable? MVP's shouldn't have losing records.
barneybotwin::Define power forward. Some people think Howard can be a power forward. He took an awful team to a championship. I'm thinking Lamarcus Aldridge could win on this team. Point is, if you're supposed to be the best at your position, you should be better than 10-12 and having one of the worst records every year. Even Chris Bosh got the lowly Raptors to the playoffs. He was playing with worse crap up in Toronto.
decke149::dumb
mn_tanz::I don't really see where you're trying to go with this.  "Toughness" equals playing defense?  I think JaredPaul's response below is more accurate than your allusion to David Lee- "Look at it like this, Durant wasnt a top 2 player until his team got better. Let Love's team get better and then we will see."
barneybotwin::Sorry but he talks about toughness and I don't see it out of him. I just see an upgraded David Lee. Lee put up monster all the time but lost all the time. Love is young but same thing seems to be happening here. At some point averaging 25/15 every night should be winning you games. Howard plays with junk and he wins. The only difference I see is Howard is elite defensively and Kevin Love is horrible defensively. Love is way better on offense but defense tends to win. Unless you it everything you throw up like the Mavs did last year. Heat got to the championship with D though.
mn_tanz::He didn't really need to say any more about it.  You had a lengthy post, but not much substance- the same things posted by others who haven't really watched the guy play much.  His defense is much improved.  And the fact that he gets a lot of points and rebounds is more impressive when you consider the lack of talent that's been around him for most of his career.  Everyone knows they have to worry about K Love, and that's about it.  And he still performs.    Giving up 109 points is very much an outlier for the wolves this season.  MN is in the middle of the pack in terms of points against per game and has had a tough SOS thus far.  And bunch of top 5 picks around him?  Sure.  Wes was drafted top five by the wolves and looks like a bust.  Rubio is still a rookie who plays very well at times, and looks like a rookie at other times.  Beasley wasn't drafted by MN and has potential that isn't being fully realized.  Largely the same with Darko.
barneybotwin::Says the guy with the one word response. Something tells me you'd be very dumb if you type more than word. By the way, what's dumb about it? The fact that he puts up empty stats? Or that he can't play defense? He could average 50/30 and he'd still lose. Not going to win many games giving up 109 points. That's the opposite of tough. Hopefully he paid attention to Roy Hibbert during the game because he has no clue what defense is.
chargersblow260::At least Danny Granger admits his wrongdoing for getting in love's face. All Love did was express his suspect "hatred" for the pacers like a little girl.
TWolves4Life2256::hahahahahahaahha   BRICKY RUBIO
XxLeprechaunxX::wolves have the 8th best road record in the league, 22nd best home record. curious
mnohsix::rigged!
Fir3falldown::minnesota timberwolves = blackburn rovers
minny snowta::good game Pacers! it looks like you got us.  Beasley reverted  back to his normal self and Wes Johnson needs to be tossed out of Minnesota, he is horrible.  The wolves should get Iguodala, that would be choice!!!!  Anyway, the Pacers are looking good!  Wolves need to crush the Nets now!
jmike0723::Even the recap writers arent giving the Pacers enough credit. This is the 4th time the Pacers have scored 100+ the 3rd game in a row. Everyone (except Magic Johnson) are underestimating the Pacers this year but that will only make it sweeter when they make a run in the playoffs.
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::its simply too early in the season to say too much, if the pacers are playing this well in another 20 games then yes i guarentee you'll see more positive statements about the pacers, but for now, who cares what others say, just be a fan and watch them win games, thats really the point of it all anyways, plus i think the pacers play better when others do not give them credit, gives them something to prove
Been banned twice::k love=mvp
ekeren12::lol you are kidding me, right?
Jack_Waggoner::Kevin Love = d.o.u.c.h.e.
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::Jack_Waggoner grow up man, your better than that.
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::i do agree its not a good statement  for waggoner to make but honestly Love needs to grow up with all that post game childish comments
Jg2.o::Your spelling is waaaay off.  That should've read:  Blake Griffin = d.o.u.c.h.e.
Been banned twice::wolves=top 5 in the west in a month
falseprophet2012::Wolves = best team in the NBA.
Been banned twice::^^^good one fool
Jack_Waggoner::steaming pile of crap &gt; Wolves
iownamicrowave::Does Love need to rewatch the incident?  He was the one that hit Danny behind his back and then backed down when danny went after him. Come on...
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::just saying, i think loves point was that he needs to lighten up and not get so mad that he got fouled becuase granger seemed to get really upset.  i dont have an opinion either way.  i just think thats what love was saying.  edit: i didnt see the incident so i cant comment personally.
MilitaryIndustrialComplex::it was a hard foul, and when love is commenting about his long standing hate for a team it makes the foul seem worse, he was the one that did it, and yeah granger got mad, but it ended there, granger didn't get mad again, love was just mad bc granger turned his anger into a $@%! ton of points
butinsho::The Pacers need Steve Nash.
butinsho::if the pacers can beat miami on one of their next meetings then i would think that they can really go deep in the playoffs.
hcp04140::Ewwww leave Steve Nash out of this, way too old for this team. Collison is getting better and better, plus Air Gordon is a free agent next year. He has always said he loves his hometown of Indy, and the Pacers are on the top of his list to play plus look how much free cap space the Pacers will have. Yeah it sucks it wont be til after this year, but I am fine with that. I really hope we land him
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::the pacers dont have to win it all this year.  just be happy with the growth and think about next years potential as im sure you will get eric gordon.  same thing with the wolves, championship teams arent built overnight, well if your not miami they arent.  the future is bright.
slowneasy420247::I dont see Nash as a Pacer more a New York Knick
slowneasy420247::The Pacers are that team that could do it with out a star, they just play solid together a pure shooter like Miller was would be a dream come true though. To bad theres no one who can fill thoose shoes
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::jason kapono can probably be had lol
butinsho::yeah i think gordon could be that missing piece.
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::gordon is that piece, kid is a stud and you know hed love to go home and play for the pacers.
Vis1on::Not necessarily.  #Pistons
butinsho::they need that one superstar to compete with miami or chicago.
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::wait a year and sign eric gordon, or maybe you can pull a trade but i doubt stern would let him go.
amandajoy26::to old and hurt to much
Vis1on::WTF is Love talking about?  Like he did something tough?  Right.  Cute talk from a dude with the last name "Love".
Vis1on::Love is street-certified.  Those wicked streets of Lake Oswego.
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::hey man, that year in LA toughened him up!!!
Vis1on::Tell your boy that, Mandy.
amandajoy26::Not sure he is the one who started it Danny Granger was just sticking up for himself just like anybody else who have!!!
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::you done yet, do you have something useful to contribute.  the troll battle is over.  only insightful and friendly comments welcome.
Been banned twice::wolves wont win many games with wes johnson starting..........................................
slowneasy420247::How is he still the starter for this team. Did he do anything this offseason to get better. becasuse all the numbers say he is getting worse.
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::i wouldnt really call him a starter, adelman has had a pretty fluid starting lineup all season.  i think hes still tryin to figure out what combos are best.  i do think its clear that any combo with johnson is a bad one though.
slowneasy420247::Johnson needs to take his place on this team or get gone quick because he shouldnt even be on our bench the way he puts up brick after brick
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::he needs to fill out a bit, maybe if he gets it together he can be a role player, otherwise i agree good riddance.
irishindy123::strong words by klove after the game, he was obviously flustered by the pacers' aggressive play style
Jack_Waggoner::Love is a wuss
Been banned twice::WOLVES&gt;MAVS
ekeren12::lolno.
BoomGoesTheDynamite31::nope.....sorry man
THUNDER4LIFERW00::I'm out. Excited to see how the Wolves end up. Wondering if there will be a Thunder-Wolves rivalry soon here. 2 Superstars, 2 young teams. Never Know right? No rivalry yet, so I still root for the Wolves when they play.
ekeren12::i dont see the two superstarts on the wolves...maybe just one.
pacerpride35::Wolves have nothing to be ashamed of this season. Of their 12 losses, 10 are to teams that have winning records or would be in the playoffs right now: OKC, Milwaukee, Miami, Memphis, Chicago, Atlanta, Utah, Houston, the Lakers and Indiana. And no one has been blowing them out.
slowneasy420247::they never played together
dogs::well if you want to compare stats it would be love vs durant
slowneasy420247::Westbrook vs Love, even though they dont match up ever. I like seeing old teamates have to battle especially when they've played good together.
dogs::More like Durant vs Love
slowneasy420247::Its already to late in the season to be chasing a winning record if were going to try to make it in the playoffs. The North West is looking to be the toughest confrence in the NBA this year, and the wolves are dead last as usual. If they cant start winning more games by the end of the month then this season will just be another bust and a quarter the talent on this years team will be lost to free agency the wolves need to do something before its to late.
dogs::The 2 games I go to they lose.. I am gonna go when they play the bobcats maybe we can sneak one out..
tgreeson80::To people asking the question about Mayo, one thing I do know, is that he is a pretty good value, especially like he is playing right now.  I know there are character issues and such.  What I also know is that the Pacers made a qualifying offer for him to come to Indy in the short offseason leading up to the first of the season, and he opted to stay in Memphis.  Would be nice for the Pacers to add another scorer, and it puzzles me that Mayo, who spent many of his formative years not too far away from here, opted to stay down there.  So I guess we will continue to stay millions below cap and not woo another free agent over to us...Eric Gordon sure does sound nice though, doesn't it?  And I think we have the money and pieces to make it happen, don't we?
WolverinesWR23::Paul George = best perimeter D
tgreeson80::I hope you are right hcp, we have the cap room for him, i know that much.
hcp04140::SAY NO TO MAYO!!!!  Eric Gordon, free agent next year. Already has stated how much he LOVES his hometown of Indianapolis, lot of nba scouts are saying the pacers have the best chance to land him next year
pacerpride35::Pacers have plenty of firepower. David West hasn't hit full stride yet, nor has George Hill. Frank Vogel is preaching a team concept, so expect a different player to carry the load on a given night. Against NJ, it was Paul George. Tonight it was Danny Granger. I'd prefer strong defenders. Indiana is a deep enough and young enough team that no one is going to be overworked.
tgreeson80::Definitely deep pacerpride, our top 7 match up pretty well with most of the league.  And I agree, George and DW will take a little bit of time to work into the system.  West has had a few decent games of late, George maybe one or two, but definitely nowhere near what the two are capable of.
tgreeson80::slowneasy, I was speaking from a Pacers fan perspective.  Your team has TONS of talent, but I believe you are right, I don't think Mayo is a move in the right direction.  Maybe a vet or two to shore things up, although that back-up center you guys have is a BEAST, lol.  Dude is huge.
tgreeson80::Pacerpride35, that name Tinsley makes me want to puke, lol.  I believe his contract just came off the books THIS YEAR for us, didn't it?  And we paid that dude a lot of money.
tgreeson80::Very wise move for sure.  Definitely a step in a different direction from the ever gun wielding Tinsley, lol.
pacerpride35::And we used that cash to get David West. Cha-ching!
tgreeson80::I don't really want the team broke up at all, it just seems like we are missing one scorer man, and thats it.  No maybe, as the season goes on, someone emerges like Paul George, whom I view as completely capable of taking that on.  But I could also see Paul wearing down as well as the season goes on.  Not sure of the minutes he logged last year, but I would venture to say even in a shortened season he will be playing more this year??
JeremyAce4::Pacers could use another scorer, thats true.
slowneasy420247::Mayo can play, but he would be a step in the wrong direction for the wolves.
pacerpride35::Hold the Mayo, please. He reminds me too much of Jamaal Tinsley.
tgreeson80::Oh, I agree he has some issues.  I remember when he played in HS over in Cincy, played on the Varsity as an eighth grader.  His sophomore or junior season there always seemed to be near riots in the stands and on the court.  Chaos all the time.  And you are right...we need to distance ourselves from any of that "malice" lol
JeremyAce4::Mayo was not  a free agent, he is still on his rookie contract.  That Pacers made a trade offer, which thankfully did not go through as Mayo has had a drug suspension and a fist fight with a teammate, which is THE LAST THING PACERS FANS WANT.
pacerpride35::For those who are paying attention, the Pacers have played the fewest home games of any team in the NBA. They are 9-5 on the road, which is tied with Chicago for the best away mark in the East. Only Oklahoma City at 9-3 has a better road record. The 15-6 start is legit, and realistically, the Pacers should be 19-2. They played poorly on New Year's Eve and lost by 8 at Detroit, blew a 14-point fourth-quarter lead in losing by 4 at Sacramento, shot 5 percent from three-point range in a 7-point loss at Boston and had a 10-point lead in their only home defeat against Orlando. Only Philadelphia and Miami, in road games for the Pacers, have outplayed Indiana this season. The Pacers have already won at Boston, at Los Angeles, at Chicago and at Orlando.
pacerpride35::And they ticked off Derrick Rose, who must really be steamed tonight after the Bulls got spanked by the Sixers.
slowneasy420247::They looked good last year and even better this year
slowneasy420247::Its obvious who needs to be starting, who needs to be 6th man, who the role players are and who needs to be on the way out...Coming within .500 three times and not going over is rough.
slowneasy420247::After seeing how amazing Barea was in last years finals. Who wouldnt want him firing up their team from the bench. We were lucky to bring him to Minnesota.
pacerpride35::Barea is much better than Mr. Dribble who helped cost us the 2000 Finals.
JeremyAce4::Not sure I'd call Barea and Beasley "building blocks."  Beasley is a headcase and Barea is Travis Best.
pacerpride35::Point taken. Any roster with Love, Rubio, Beasley and Barea has some solid building blocks. You get a young solid 5 in Minnesota and they will be trouble for anybody.
pacerpride35::Wolves are going to be a very strong team soon. They have a lot of talent and a proven coach. I'm not looking forward to next year's game because they'll be one year tougher.
JeremyAce4::Yeah, who wouldn't want Darko and Brad Miller at the 5 spot?
THUNDER4LIFERW00::Northwest is the best division is basketball and the Wolves are a young team. Give them time Wolves fans. Had to give the Thunder their time as well. Just wait another year or 2. It will be Wolves and Thunder 1 and 2. Go Thunder!
pacerpride35::10-12 gets them fifth place in the Northwest. That record would be good enough for third in the Atlantic or Pacific divisions. It will be a great battle to see who makes the playoffs in the West.
THUNDER4LIFERW00::I realize its a tough division. And they dont need to make it this year. They need to make it as atleast an 8 next year, following in the footsteps of the Thunder.
THUNDER4LIFERW00::No, division. THunder, Blazers, Jazz, Nuggets and Wolves are a division. Best division in basketball.
Birdmann._.::the term your looking for is "conference" ?
XxLeprechaunxX::but patience is sooo hard!! lol, id rather go into fits of rage when they lose vs unequaled ecstasy when they win, than look at the big picture
Birdmann._.::divisions dont mean anything in basketball only thing that matters is seeding.  why even have the division names?  its not like they play more against their division
THUNDER4LIFERW00::No, nevermind.
THUNDER4LIFERW00::You do realize if you win your division you are an automatic top 3 seed right?
dogs::If you have a bad division you can get in with a 3 seed
dogs::Ah well the worst part is we practically give away tickets to the Wolves game
JeremyAce4::It is a tough division and the Wolves have only played 2 divisional games; I see them well under .500.  Some good pieces, but a tough division and too many scrubs.  But, they are moving in the right direction.
THUNDER4LIFERW00::Trust me, I know. We were at this stage 3 years ago. 23 win season and all. Then we got the 8 seed and took the Lakers to 6 games. Then our run last year. I expect no less from the Wolves.
THUNDER4LIFERW00::Me personally, I actually play the 3 or SF.
JeremyAce4::What position do you play?
dogs::Yea it's just a lot of frustration right now
dogs::<b> Good job Refs, You gave the game to the Pacers... I hope you remember who signs your paychecks </b>
jmike0723::Wow!!! Nowhere near the refs fault tonight! If anything the Twolves got more breaks than the Pacers. There is no way that ANY intelligent basketball fan would watch that game and agree with you. I suggest you quit making excuses Pacers are by far the better team and it showed tonight/
lil lebowsky::The Wolves will be relevant in a year or two because they have talent and Rick Adelman is a hell of a coach. They are similar to the Pacers in the fact that they are deep with young talent, the difference is the Pacers have a better blend of youth and veterans and play better defense.  I really enjoy watching this Pacer team play, they play a grind it out style and can go inside out with Hibbert down low.  Paul George is quietly becoming a very good player in this league.  What the heck was Kevin Love talking about after the game.  How has he always hated the Pacers, we never even play the T Wolves?
ptglj517::is this a joke?  the pacers dominated the wolves in the 2nd half and pulled away by 18 late.  how can you conceivably believe the refs had anything to do with this loss?  your team just isn't that good yet.  the talent is there, but..... well, you saw tonight
frickinegg::It's like you didn't even watch the game and came in with excuses. Calls were going against the Pacers all game long. It really felt like the refs were trying to give the Timberwolves a win tonight.
dogs::Love got a personal..
frickinegg::Even if I was, I apparently saw more of the game than you. The worst example, of course, was when Love chopped down on Danny Granger and yet somehow, miraculously, Granger got the tech.
dogs::I was at the game what were you in the bathroom the whole game and you came out to a wolves free throw?
JeremyAce4::What calls cost you 10 points?
dogs::Well some of the calls the pacers fell over by themselves and got free shots ill think of more
JeremyAce4::so, which calls?  surely you remember a few.
dogs::I was at the game soooo a lot of them
Birdmann._.::worst excuseeeeeee everrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr    only sub .500 fans make that excuse though so I forgive you
dogs::You know i am right
