slam_dunk_on_u::Pathetic spurts
John Lucas III::Pathetic Lakers.
slam_dunk_on_u::Pathetic spurts
espi75::I'm  a spurs fan, but in all honestly, I don't think the spurs are going anywhere in the playoffs. Not because of talent, but because of the League, media, and commissioner.  The NBA wants big market teams or teams with marquee players, The Spurs even though they play the best team basketball are deemed boring by the league and the media. The commissioner after the Pop incident pretty much said he hates the Spurs. While there is no cheating , the league will make it impossible for the spurs to advance in the playoffs. As a primary example, look at last year. the Spurs had a 20 game win streak.  They didn't lose more than two games in a row. they beat the Thunder the first two game in the series. Then they all of a sudden lose four straight. Something smells about that.  The league is all about money now.  If the Spurs are in the finals that will mean lower ratings, meaning less money. The league and commissioner will not allow that to happen.  I guarantee the Spurs will not be in the finals. You can take that to the bank.
slam_dunk_on_u::hh Wauaaahh the spurts just can't handle playoff pressure
slam_dunk_on_u::hh Wauaaahh the spurts just can't handle playoff pressure
Brian32768::If you were truly a fan, you'd realize all those outside factors truly don't matter.
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.7::So much for the three game winning streak for the fakers.....lmao
rynospurs21::Baynes looked great. Bye-bye Blair. Trade is coming. I just cant stop giggling this morning about the Fakers. They seemed to scatter like roaches. Did somebody turn the lights on?
rynospurs21::Bonner has a role against certain line ups and brings something none of the other bigs can. Plus his contract is an issue for trading. I believe they may just trade Blair for a pick. They currently have 15 on the roster and usually dont carry more than 14. Joseph keeps getting sent to the D-league team but is under contract. Maybe they move both for one player or Blair only for a pick, but i wouldnt change anything else this late in the season.
No-account drifter::Agree with ryno. Maybe I'm just being contrary, but I think it might be unrealistic to think of trading to improve the most effective roster in the league. Blair is really quite a bargain when you look at production per dollar. The only reason to trade Blair would be to swap an extra big for an equivalent wing, to balance the roster a bit. Good luck finding an equivalent bargain there. Now, I would like to trade Bonner for an equivalent player who doesn't wilt in the heat. Also hard to find.
rynospurs21::I dont think they can lose Jax for this playoff run. He steps up big in the playoffs. Provides a tough leadership that nobody else can. I would rather let him walk at the end of the season or re-sign him for less money. Also, we dont have a legit backup SF. Would have if we would have kept Jimmy Butler. I knew he would be good.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::I'd love to see Blair and Jackson packaged together to get a younger PF that can stay with the team for years to come and start when Tim retires.  And until then, work him into a rotation with Tim, Tiago and even Baynes if he works out. Jackson's expiring contract of $10 million has trade value and he can still contribute.
Your_Team_is_Not_Elite.::So many delusional haters here. Shows how much theyre jealous keep it coming!
BOBBO409::I just trolled the Lakers board for a few minutes but it was tough to get noticed as it is full of trolls at the moment. I was looking for Slam but just as I suspected, he was nowhere to be found. He will probably be on here later to trash our 24 point win, all the while ignoring the Lakers 13 pt 4th Q collapse. If Laker fans believe in Karma, they must hate this big-eared-clown...
BOBBO409::Ya, i saw him, but that was last night i think....he finally took down that goofy a$$ pic of his
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::If you scroll through these comments here you will see Baby New Year aka Slam Dunk On U is posting here.
Bruce Bowen should be in the HoF::The Spurs are playing very well as usual.  I'm still a little worried about the playoffs though.  They shoot too many 3's and those looks are not nearly as open in the playoffs as we've seen in the past.  They also use their bench heavily and the starters will play more minutes in the playoffs.  And Danny Green needs to have a good post season if the Spurs are going to win it all.  Go Spurs Go!!!!
No-account drifter::You know, only 1 team is going to win it all, and several are good. Nobody is ever a smart bet against the field (how all the haters try to cast it). But I like the Spurs chances better than those of anyone else right now, more than I have for the past two years. Can't say I'm sure why, but Splitter's improvement and his improving chemistry with Parker has a lot to do with it. So does their being 4th in defensive efficiency.
hookemzuniga1022::Hoeesayy 37-11 is boring, yep. ...more What's funny is that basketball experts like Van Gundy and Legler love watching the Spurs because of how they execute, but it's the uneducated, mindless fans of other teams who think they're 'boring.'  -----------  thats because all the Casual Fan cares about is the "throw down man" "Sick dunk over a Motorcycle" "O MAN that 1 pass thru the leg was so sick. I love and 1 mix tour"  They dont realize the Spurs play a Genuine version of the game and excecute better than any team in the NBA.
BOBBO409::Manu goes 5 hole damn near every game to embarrass a defender Kawahii goes statue of Liberty dunk over someone on the regular TP has some sort of circus-shot-and-1 every game Duncan has poster-ized more than a few bigs this year Green/Neal/Mills can shoot from anywhere on the court and bury threes at a record clip....We may not alley-oop or go 1on1 all the time, but anyone who thinks we arent exciting is just jealous that their team stacks up L's-but boy do they have a few cool dunks each game....
hookemzuniga1022::Another Day at the Office.
DalvinSplit::Win is win. I like the energy that new big man Baynes  brings to the Spurs .Defence  was good also ,Finally we have  big man  to help Duncan &amp; Splitter down low  to protect rim and rebound .Most important think is now stay healthy . Spurs are loaded  and ready ................................................By all means Go Spurs Go !!
Ivanov21::So SA brings in find this player Baynes and the guy comes out in his first real NBA game and almost puts up a double-doube?? I love this move already!!!
No-account drifter::A rebound every two minutes. Spurs can use that.
nirvanarox67::Ive been following a bet system named sportsbettingstar a couple of months now. Ive made around 2-3k a month since I started following this systems picks. you can find the system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems
Robert Sacre::1st round of playoffs:  1. Spurs: 2 8. Lakers: 4  hahahahahahahahahaa
slam dunk on u::Robert Sacre - 1st round of playoffs:  1. Spurs: 2 8. Lakers: 4  hahahahahahahahahaa  ----------------------------------------------------  Sad but true....
sport medic::Coaching comes more into play in the playoffs.  Lakers bring a butter knife to gun fight on that one.
No-account drifter::I don't think even Stern would dare send out Joey Crawford for four games in the same series.
Scott82342::Don't give him any ideas.
Scott82342::When did the playoffs expand to include the top 10 teams?
Hollerationatory::Real dumb. Startling, actually.
Nerissa2525::Delusional
Thats Enough Skip4.0::Three things that become clearer every time the Spurs play:  Popovich is the best coach in the NBA Parker deserves major consideration for the MVP Spurs are the best team in the West again this year
slam dunk on u::Not true, the spurts have the best record but not the best team.....  The OKC Thunder and Miami Heat are better than the spurts
VolkieG::No, the Spurs do have the best TEAM. The best indicator of how well players truly work together as a team is assists. San Antonio is #1 in assists again.   OKC is a collection of shooters. They're #19 in the NBA in assists. Miami is a collection of high-priced talent, and make no mistake, two players carried them through the playoffs last year. They're 13th in the NBA in assists.   Btw, interesting to note that the Spurs, having already played 48 games, have played the most games so far in the NBA. Miami has played the least at 42, and Miami is actually almost a .500 team (11-10) on the road.
Thats Enough Skip4.0::...and the Lakers and Suns are just awful this year.
Selvin4715::Kemba Walker is having a great season. Why haven't i been informed if this?
dakgnosis::This win clinched pop as the allstar coach :)
dakgnosis::Puro Pinche Spurs!!!
Your_Team_is_Not_Elite.::Just for the record slamd!ck  37-11  &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;	20-26
arrogantespncommenter9::Good game, Spurs. My Cats got toasted for the millionth time this season, nothing new here.
Your_Team_is_Not_Elite.::You no wats more embarassing slam punk. You getting swept to Dallas
TRUUU_SPURZ::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7U-27YSspNM&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player
bnair14::Gotta put in work on dumping milkys ugly @ss face now
bnair14::cant believe it, slams ugly face is finally gone!!!!!!!!!!! Flagging him actually worked...
Your_Team_is_Not_Elite.::LAL has become LOL
amronmc::Spurs are looking good!  Getting better and coming together w/ every game.  Great balance of players on the Spurs.
ScientologyAltarBoys::I say fine the Spurs again...they obviously didn't put the best product on the floor the past 4 games...and robbed the NBA Fans of...well, damn...they are 9-1 in their last 10?  Nevermind...
manimarf09::Is Pop back on the sidelines?
Marc1347::yup
jf20219::Lakers couldn't win ONE road game in the month of January and we should be worried about them? LOL
No-account drifter::When Beasley drops 27 on your team, you have some worries.
amronmc::Lakers are hurting as a team.
jf20219::The Lakers are the biggest joke in the league, that's a lot worse than losing one game.
Nerissa2525::Yes cause after all the hype
jf20219::Get to .500 before you start talking about the playoffs! Losing to the 15-30 Suns what a joke.
Nerissa2525::okey lets compare Lakers and SPurs record hahaha
slam dunk on u::Didn't the spurts lose to the Hornets? a team with similar record? Oh wait is even a worse record tha\n the lakers
ScientologyAltarBoys::Well, first the Lakers have to make the playoffs...and to make the playoffs, they need to win games...not just at home, but on the road...
slam dunk on u::PLAYOFFS son, ...yes you should be worried...the playoffs are a totally different animal...spurts should know...hehehehehe
Nerissa2525::How far you want last year?
Your_Team_is_Not_Elite.::Fa-fa-fa-	FAIL!
Your_Team_is_Not_Elite.::Just got an update on the espn app. It says Pop will be coaching in the all star game
Your_Team_is_Not_Elite.::Suns and Lakers fans should be the last punks trash talking.
Nerissa2525::taking their frustration to the SPurs
Cardinals-Sun Devils-Diamondbacks-Suns::As many of you I,i have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. It definitely cost the Suns the 2007Western Conference Championship at the very least. After the tragedy of 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
ScientologyAltarBoys::Wah.
Jon zags::can we ban this guy? I feel like at this point its just Spam. It is the same message over and over. Get off it man, you either have a health problem to hold a grudge that long or you are just the ultimate troll. The Spurs won that series convincingly. Move on. you swept them a few years later and still didn't win it all.
Nerissa2525::slam dunk on u - That's what is embarrassing...the spurts getting swept by the Suns????!!! LMAO   So....
detus::hows that reality check for the lakers coming along?
slam dunk on u::That's what is embarrassing...the spurts getting swept by the Suns????!!! LMAO!
Your_Team_is_Not_Elite.::Your self like + slam d!cks like.
howdytharrr::gg against the lakers tonight
Cardinals-Sun Devils-Diamondbacks-Suns:::)
Nerissa2525::Exactly my point 2 idiots liking each others idiocy
slam dunk on u::Yeah that was a blatant robbery.
slam dunk on u::ClippersFearWarriors wrote: spurs r the only elite team that cant top even 1000 comments after the game is over. another proof to my point that they're boring.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  I have to agree with you....spurts attract very few people...outside sham anphonio...no one likes this team...sad but true spurt fans :)
No-account drifter::Spurs attract fans nationwide who appreciate basketball at its best. Substance over splash, always the Spurs' way.
jf20219::Spurs are elite, and why are you here if you think they're boring?
Nerissa2525::he needs to rant cause his lakers lost to Suns haha
Nerissa2525::Oh btw your lakers lost thats why your here hahaha
Nerissa2525::slam dunk on u - They'll be fine ...only 3.5 games behind Houston for the 8th seed.  If I was a spurt fan I would be worried. Popazit should now think about positioning themselves not to draw the Lakers in the early round.  Keep dreaming and hoping cant even win against Sun lol
slam dunk on u::They'll be fine ...only 3.5 games behind Houston for the 8th seed.  If I was a spurt fan I would be worried. Popazit should now think about positioning themselves not to draw the Lakers in the early round.
slam dunk on u::Just speaking the truth my friend thats all
Nerissa2525::Sorry Spurs fans is not like you who keep posting nonsense
Nerissa2525::Gues SPurs dont have a fan like you who post non sense comments hahaha what an idiot
Nerissa2525::and your point is?
Nerissa2525::Hahaha so what ?
Tha Gleeps::Kids calling the Spurs nerds? Haha isn't it their bed times?
Your_Team_is_Not_Elite.::Just another dumb troll whos jealous his team is never successful as the spurs.
Your_Team_is_Not_Elite.::Clippers fear Warriors. Whoever you root for will never be as good as the Spurs
GSG09::Lets go for a double digit win streak next game!
Egr_Troll_Nation_1.7::Goooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!! Spurs!!!!! Goooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!
ClippersFearWarriors::spurs r like the nerds of the nba. the chess club.
Your_Team_is_Not_Elite.::Spurs have won more playoff series last year than the warriors have won the past 25 years. Fact!
sport medic::Spurs may be the NBA's chess club but they went Connect Four on Utah and the Clippers in the playoffs.
ClippersFearWarriors::u guys sumhow turned stephen jackson from a thug to a nerd.
GSG09::Spurs play team ball. Unselfishly and efficiently. And thats how we like it. We dont need the flash, glamor or spotlight.
Slam_Duncan_On_You::Umm if someone else would have hit Ginobili the game before this one, he said he would have knocked them out and do you remember him talking to Serge Ibaka on twitter? yeah that's what a "nerd" does
Hoeesayy::Ok, you clearly have never watched a single Spurs game, and just believe with others tell you. Jax is our nastiest player.. he's always getting rebounds and in people's faces , a few technicals even
GSG09::are you a clipper fan or a warriors fan
Hoeesayy::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSN1yRY_cXM  chess club? Ginobili does that $@%! all the time
WesTexSpur::Yet I dont get why people think Nash and Paul are better passers.....Ginobili is probably the best passer in the game
texican_10::U think we care if nobody else likes the spurs? I like that we dont have a bunch of 12 year olds on our boards
GSG09::They're better than the Warriors!
texican_10::Baynes looks like hes exactly what we need. Hopefully he can get enough minutes during these last months of the season so he can play in the playoffs. I think hed be a good body to throw at Blake or Zbo.
ClippersFearWarriors::spurs r the only elite team that cant top even 1000 comments after the game is over. another proof to my point that they're boring
Nerissa2525::At least Spurs are not bandwagons we love all the way
Nerissa2525::Boring hahaha thats why so many organization in the NBA trying to copy the Spurs
luckyzac00::you can't get anymore "outside of SA" than me buddy, and I LOVE THE SPURS
luckyzac00::just another stupid troll expressing his jealousy that his team isn't as successful/respected/feared as the spurs
ClippersFearWarriors::not really. no one outside of san antonio cares about the spurs. believe me
GSG09::9 straight Ws r boring? ok.
GSG09::Why do u care if the spurs are boring or not?
ClippersFearWarriors::i agree, i do wish we could. but if we did it wouldnt be boring
Hoeesayy::37-11 is boring, yep.
Hoeesayy::What's funny is that basketball experts like Van Gundy and Legler love watching the Spurs because of how they execute, but it's the uneducated, mindless fans of other teams who think they're 'boring.'
ClippersFearWarriors::it sure is wen the spurs do it
Slam_Duncan_On_You::I would rather my team win then have the board get 5k each game and lose
Nerissa2525::ClippersFearWarriors - no because clippers players r more exciting to watch. they have swagger. spurs players have never had swagger. not even in the 90's  Why lets see how many rings you can get by being exciting
slam dunk on u::Nice try LOL
Slam_Duncan_On_You::Baynes is gonna throw down on Griffin soon enough.
Hoeesayy::have you ever watched Tony Parker play? or Kawhi Leonard throw down a dunk? or Ginobili make a ridiculous pass? All the Clippers do are alley-oops.
ClippersFearWarriors::ur missing the point. theyre boring. theyre a great team just boring.
Hoeesayy::god you're a clown. i'll send you a pic of our 4 trophies, and then you can tell me the Spurs don't play with confidence
Slam_Duncan_On_You::And the clippers have how many rings due to their "swagger"?
ClippersFearWarriors::no because clippers players r more exciting to watch. they have swagger. spurs players have never had swagger. not even in the 90's
Slam_Duncan_On_You::If the Clippers were switched with the Spurs you sure heck wouldn't think they were boring.
ClippersFearWarriors::me too. im just saying theyre boring. this is the most boring 9-game win streak ever
wrduardo::Love Danny Green's statline...
GSG09::heck yeah, almost perfect! Pop should give him the green light, like he has w/ Neal. We need Danny's confidence up come playoff time.
Slam_Duncan_On_You::Where is Slam_Dunk_On_You? With his mommy?
Slam_Duncan_On_You::Oh forgot the Fakers are playing. So he's up Kobes ***
Hoeesayy::Probably on the Spurs/Wizards board, talking about how we'll lose by 30
sport medic::Part of me thinks Duncan should pull a Vince Coleman.  "If I ain't starting, I ain't departing."  Let Pop put a cardboard cut-out of TD at the end of the bench.  Stern would probably fine Duncan for playing defense in an all-star game.
GSG09::Lets hope Adam Silver doesn't hate the spurs.
Hoeesayy::He actually backed up Popovich's decision to rest the players against Miami
Hollerationatory::As long as Stern gets the necessary amount of Kobe/Lebron crotch sweat shots, he doesn't care. He's in it to produce compelling television.
GSG09::Pop is probably throwing wine bottles at the walls for having to go to the ASG lol
Hollerationatory::Don't get me wrong; Pop loves basketball and he's the best coach in the league. But what does he really enjoy?   Living in solitude for weeks in central montana and reading beetnick poetry.
GSG09::haha. He had plans to go to a wine tasting afterwards
Hoeesayy::I'd bet he plays Duncan and Parker no more than 5 minutes
sport medic::I bet he plays KD and Westbrook, 40 minutes.  Maybe play Kobe 4 minutes to mess with his ego.
Hollerationatory::Can you blame him? He was fishing that weekend....or living in cabin in the woods...or doing something else Hemmingway-esque.
Hoeesayy::hehe, Lakers tied with the Suns at halftime
sdfdfgdfg1700::why is there no headline about the spurs winning 9 straight and 17 straight at home?!!!! reDUNCulous
CU11mdupnic::business as usual
GSG09::David Stern
texican_10::I say since Baynes looks like hes pretty good we should trade Bonner Blair and Neal for a good SG, just in case Manu gets seriously injured.
texican_10::But what if we could get a player like Aflalo for those 3??? Thad be toooo nice
Hoeesayy::He tried free agency before, and got in trouble off-the-court quite a bit. I think he enjoys playing under Pop.
GSG09::im good w/ letting Jackson go as well if we can get Anderson. Does anyone think the spurs will resign him? i dont.
Hoeesayy::Bonner and Blair would be a nice deal for Anderson. He's really stepped his game this year.
GSG09::Tempting. That would be cool if we could get Ryan Anderson for them.
GSG09::he's seems good, but it's still too small of a sample size. Im good w/ Bonner and Blair, but Neal has to stay lol
Hoeesayy::Bonner, no... He's gotten way better on his post game. I think we could get some value for Blair, now that Baynes is up and playing well.
Foghorn HookemHorns::Sweet. Pop is coaching the All Star Game.  He should sit three starters and Parker and Duncan. Then give Stern the finger on national TV.
SPIZURS::IM JUST EF FING WITH YOU MY FELLOW SPURS FANS!! Calm down Jeeez. Duncan is fine and Manu is also ok just some tightness. LOL at every bodies life flashing before their eyes. I know I know. Im a dbag.
Hollerationatory::Did you fool anyone? That is the post of someone who thinks they fooled someone.
Hoeesayy::Some people actually believe that anything posted on the Internet is true, you'd be surprised...
SPIZURS::couple of people. dont get cute about it dude
