RayNy2ATL::Davis = Bynum 2.0
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::good game pelicans
4 Petes Sake::Heat fans....SMH
alequito305::Not to many posts about this. We're are the thunder fans support for their man fake fans
ThunderHornz::.???
MiamiHEATNATION305::Awww, How cute of Durant to get his 3rd Triple Double! Your only behind Lebron by 28. But on the other hand, you have more than KOBE!
Nuckaj::LBJ is clutch, people have to find somnething to tear him down with.    Nevermind that he averages a triple double per 40 minutes of "Clutch" time.  He misses buzzer beaters!  Wait, what?  He's made them at a higher rate than Kobe...?  But Kobe is MR Clutch!  Crap, my argument!   This monologue provided courtesy of an idiot named NuckAJ
ekoms305-3::You don't need clutch when you manhandle a over-hyped team in the Finals
ThunderHornz::Awwww, how cute of LBJ to improve his shooting percentage and try to play clutch
kitastrophy34::people are saying KD's scoring drops when  he gets tripple doubles... You might want to take into consideration that he didn't even  play in the 4th quarter in this game....
Nuckaj::Lebron had a triple double of similar proportions in a L to the Mavs in the finals.  I recall the feeling being that he "dissapeared"....  I know I felt like it was the most non-factor triple double ever.
Swade_ND_Shade::Do you know how many triple double's Lebron could have gotten if he played the forth quarter.
junrav13::He is stat padding literally, aware of how many assists he needed before he would sit in the 4th! Lol
Chargers_4_Sale::Lebron plays PG for his team to get his triple-double  Durant still plays his original position to get his triple-double  Durant wins
MiamiHEATNATION305::Durantula can ONLY play his position, while Lebron can play every single position on the floor including coach, referee, the crowd and the mascot at the same damn time!!!
ThunderHornz::Lol-LBJ does doggie in the locker room too
Swade_ND_Shade::They are both handling the ball just as much.   Fail
junrav13::LOL lebron plays pg sg sf pf and sometimes c... How durant wins? :-)
Lebroncouldcareless::^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ HIM IS RIGHT LOL!
JOHN-MCCLANE-::KD is no where near for a MVP
Swade_ND_Shade::NNOOOO WWHHHHEERRREEE
Lebroncouldcareless::U LIE!,,,,,,,,,,,MVP LEBRON HANDS DOWN
Lebroncouldcareless::SOME PEOPLE WERE UPSET ABOUT   LEBRONS TRIPLE DOUBLE LOL!!  JUST SAAAAAAAD!
JOHN-MCCLANE-::Why are you so loud
JOHN-MCCLANE-::Lebroncouldcareless - SO U CAN HEAR ME,,,,,,,,,,,,,BUBBA LOL!  Lol
Lebroncouldcareless::SO U CAN HEAR ME,,,,,,,,,,,,,BUBBA LOL!
junrav13::KD is now emulating how Lebron plays... LOL Trying all he can to get that 1st mvp trophy. B.. But he won't!!
Da-THUN-Da::Why wouldnt you try to emulate Lebron.
ThomsonAndThomson::Wow he got a triple double? That's rare.  - LeBron.
MiamiHEATNATION305::What's a triple double?   -Kobe
ThunderHornz::Wow-LBJ can shoot? That's new
ThunderHornz::Any feedback on Brewer? He got lost a couple of times but I thought he did well!
tommygunz1989::kd trying to turn into lebron which i love a all around game but scoring is kd gift and when he goes lebron his scoring drops lebron can do it and still score
DefMode1966::What I like about Lebron is the power he plays with and that is the biggest difference between the two. Career stats between LBJ and KD are pretty even except assists. I think Lebron is a better passer and distributor. Would love to have both on my team any day.
ThunderHornz::KD had some SICK passes in this one.....
ThunderHornz::First I will say LBJ is a great player so don't get in a twist. Earlier in his career, LBJ did not shoot nearly as well as he is now. You might say he is changing and improving his game. Durant has always been a scorer-this entire season he has been working on ball handling, defense. He will reach a point where he does it all without the drop in scoring. He is a different body type so I don't think we will see him too bulky but other than that, he will be one of the greats.  PS: I'm perfectly happy with KD on my team! THUNDER!
theheebs::KD goes to the bench in the third quarter and puts up a  triple double in 27 minutes.  I have realized that Jesus was the first coming of Kevin Durrant
Benjamin-Blake::Lebron*
GreatnessQSmooth::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJUXMkYFiXo
amtrack5::I like the growth from KD, because Westbrook is a beast off the ball.  My only concern is KD learning how to get his shots throughout the game, and learning when to take over due to poor shooting by other players.  If hes going to shoot less, he needs to take more 3's and not contested 2's.
040Carter::For a few months now I have been using this system called Sportsbettingstar to help pick winning bets. In only 60 days I have managed to double my bankroll by following this system. You can find this system on the front page of google by searching for Sports Betting Systems. If you bet on sports at all you gotta check this system out.
Neil826::not even a name change could help this NO team.
Aaron57240::Lebron is Goat.  Discuss.
MiamiHEATNATION305::Lebron GOAT.
DaveOK69::Not even top 10 yet. His body of work is not done. He's just "Mr. Right Now"
22TampabayBucs20::DAMN hornets should of just stayed home congrats okc on the w.
Big Country50::JaVale McGee: "A triple double? Cant you just call it a 6?"
TheBrownestBob::Saying Anthony Davis has been a disappointment is understatement of the year.
Neil826::we call them busts.
coontang1117::And stupid
coontang1117::Bob, stop being so brown
coontang1117::You are an idiot
Matthew Borba::He didn't play in this game.
James Harden 3 point Celebration::no spurs fans here hmmmm they must have lost lol
Westjag::Dude.... How long have the Spurs been a team in comparison to the thunder?? That was an irrelevant r commen
Benjamin-Blake::lol how many ships do yall have in the 2000s?? get on our level
Jacks_Link::To a team OKC completely destroyed!
James Harden 3 point Celebration::KD is ridiculous this season!
MiamiHEATNATION305::Kevin Durant is sad this season, sad that they are 6 - 1 to Miami. #LBJ4MVP
Jacks_Link::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bKac55h1Ls
ROLL TIDE ROLL - - GO SAINTS::ROLL  TIDE  ROLL
ROLL TIDE ROLL - - GO SAINTS::ROLL TIDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Marty_01::Westbrook shouldn't be taking more shots than KD on any night, let along twice as many shots.
coontang1117::Marty, do you even know how our team works?
remy 88::Truthfully, for our offense to operate the way it does, it should even out about 50/50, but not necessarily every game. Russ is deferential to KD in clutch.
remy 88::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fY4PbwLnpJw
88kdokcity2012::D. Fisher will bring the Thunder to final NBA Champions. Should paid him millions$$$$$.
earlealston::I was expecting to see some moron on here rant about how KD is the frontrunner for MVP, and how NO ONE comes close......instead I find sensible, excited fans talking about another great win for OKC(because it was)........  I feel like I'm in the Twilight Zone
Boomtown405::Are u sure u werent on spurs pages and thought you heard kd when they talked about tony parker?
LeBroshiowyane::35&gt;3
coontang1117::1&gt; 2
Matthew Borba::9&gt;5
whitesoxchamps168::Is jeremy lamb ever going to play? The kid has potential to be a solid players.
DaveOK69::He seems lazy when he's on the floor.
Boomtown405::Its true..  I have a feeling he will have his day.
calbearsforever9::BOOM goes the dynamite!
oklahoma renegade::Have the Hornets come within 25 of the Thunder this year at all?
whodattrackgeauxtigers::once. Lost by like 5
Jacks_Link::I'm out. Thunder Up everybody!
remy 88::I just hope OKC gets hot again. The All Star break and February in general wasn't great for the Thunder. If you look at the splits, OKC plays better on 0 or 1 days of rest. The only player that trends to benefit from more than 1 day of rest is Perk.
Jacks_Link::This has been a great night of sports for me.
Cole8822::Just remind the Spurs of their 4 championships. Should cheer them up, that and the fact that they have been ultra competitive for the last 14 years.
gorillaplus2000::Lots of depression on the Spurs boards.  A couple of the posters sound like they should be on suicide watch.
Jacks_Link::LMAO! That makes my night!
NolaJag::"Brandon Buckets: Yes. absolute $@%!$@% bust! A Bust averaging lower then Bradley Beal and Dion Waiters with only 11.9PPG on 49%. BB:16.1PPG DW:12.7PPG. and of course Damian lillard. AD SUCKS!" --------------------- Since when do PPG account for how good a player is? Davis' overall impact is incredible. His offense is already better than what many expected, as he was only suppose to make an impact defensively. His PER (better measure for overall impact on a game than PPG) is over 20. In comparison, 15 is considered average. And the most important thing to consider, he is a 19 year old rookie, meaning he will get better with experience. Have you even watched Davis play? He's averaging those 12 points and several rebounds in limited minutes per game. Lillard averages 10 more minutes a game than Davis, which is why his points are higher obviously, but his PER is only average. Davis will be a more efficient player in this league if healthy.
gorillaplus2000::Brandon doesn't even know what PER is, he's probably in grade-school.
TFUID Part 12::Don't listen to that guy. His stats are wrong as well, Beal is at 13 points per game.
mr. triple-double41::KD and westbrook thunder buddies for life haha
NolaJag::Hahaha phoenix won.  For the Thunder, it means they close in on the spurs For the hornets, it means we get closer to more ping pong balls. I would say this is a good result.
TFUID Part 12::OKlahoma basketball with a big choke against Texas. SMH.
Jacks_Link::Hook'em Horns bro! ;)
Jacks_Link::LMAO!
gorillaplus2000::KD is a Longhorn Alum, we don't hold it against him in the least :)
TFUID Part 12::I know, it's all good.
Jacks_Link::Hey bro, that hurt... Let's just put OU/UT stuff aside on here and be friends. lol
TFUID Part 12::I just lost that much respect for you. ;)
TFUID Part 12::Phoenix just won.
Jacks_Link::THANK YOU SUNS!
goostate24::Soo many idiotic Russ haters on here it's amusing. Lets see he averages 24 PPG and still with 7-8 assists per game, who only lebron and Paul are also doing, he's not hurting Durants scoring at all as you all claim (Durant is the 3-time repeating scoring champ.... Idiots) and he's the point guard (leader) of the 2nd best team in the nba, behind Miami. any ignorant unintelligent "westbrick" coin you try to throw out is just dumb, it doesn't even begin to prove how he is hurting OKC more than helping them.. It's called basketball, go learn it.
Moski87::It's rough to be a Hornets fan these days. Wish these losses would stop. Especially after getting destroyed like this.
smokeysaj::Rivers is trash, maybe his dad can hook him up with a job as the Celtics ball boy.
TFUID Part 12::If Phoenix wins, I'm kind of wanting to go troll the Spurs board........but that's beneath me.
Jacks_Link::I'll go if you go.
Jacks_Link::LETS GO SUNS!
LeBronHasNoFullSeasonRing::Anthony Davis is pretty young to be injured so often. Bust?
smokeysaj::PER over 20.
gorillaplus2000::Your age is showing Brandon, as is your lack of understanding of even the basics of basketball.
Brandon Buckets::smokeysaj - Player Efficiency Rating. Ever heard of it?  said the coolest guy ever.
smokeysaj::Player Efficiency Rating. Ever heard of it?
Brandon Buckets::Per and over is like saying Straight Gay 20 fix your grammar then respond.
Brandon Buckets::Yes. absolute $@%!$@% bust! A Bust averaging lower then Bradley Beal and Dion Waiters with only 11.9PPG on 49%. BB:16.1PPG DW:12.7PPG. and of course Damian lillard. AD SUCKS!
NolaJag::Since when do PPG amount to how good of a player someone is? Davis has probably the best overall impact of the game of the rookies. He is a power forward, not a shooting guard, what did you expect?!? His PER is incredible by the way  And he's not injured, this is more of a precaution to make sure he doesn't get injured. Once the hornets are competitive, this would be a situation where he would normally play.
TFUID Part 12::Hornets points in the final 24 minutes-29 Westbrook points in 25 minutes-29
Brandon Buckets::No im a realist on these boards. If i come across as a fan of a different team i apologize. CLIP NATION WOOP WOOP!
Brandon Buckets::Westbrick*
gorillaplus2000::Look at you all giddy about your Clippers.  I thought you were a Spurs fan Skip?
zZSmOkIn-KuSh24Zz::Durant with that Triple double...How many of them does he have so far in his career?
Brandon Buckets::I just made that # up I have no idea but if Russell Westbrick keeps chuckin up shot Durant's ppg should go down. FACT. 7 shots he should get more then 7 Really 7?
Jacks_Link::Amen to that! KD was being a true team player tonight. Can't be mad with a TD.
TFUID Part 12::Durant was facilitating so much, he didn't really need to score tonight. That was Russ's job.
Brandon Buckets::4.
Jacks_Link::I thought it was 3?
zZSmOkIn-KuSh24Zz::aight thanks
