Igor Yank::with d rose out, pacers cruising to another division title
Adam Youman::sadly this is true. there will be no competition in our division anymore...
Adrian Rodriguez::Good way to show some fight Sixers even with Hawes and Thad out..I'll take a close L against a beast team like Indiana while tanking any day...our future is bright
Marc Slavitt::I love what brett brown is doing.  He has these players playing with hustle.
Tony Ellis::The Sixers are too good to get a top five pick. I still think they win the Atlantic, albeit with around 40 wins.
Adrian Rodriguez::@ Tony Ellis dear God Noooooo!!!!!!.... @ Marc Slavitt this guy's a legit coach now I really truly believe Collins was holding these guys back especially Turner even though he had a lousy night. He's arguably got Hawes, Tuner and MCW playing at All-Star levels
Daniel Ortiz::why in the hell the Indiana Pacers are 3rd in Power Rankings and the Heat are in 2nd?
Matt Davis::Because we're not a BIG market.
Alan Ogg::why in the hell is your Mustache IAW AR 670-1 Specialist?
Alan Ogg::isn't*
Daymeon Craig::Are my haters wit me tonight 12-1 yes sir where them bulls fans  oh my bad they dead no rose no hope!!!
Ray Waterman::Of course they aren't around when our Pacers are winning.  They will come out of the woodwork only when our team lose a game. Watch and see.    Very proud of our Pacers!!!
Nick Vasquez::Vladimir tsalyuk is an idiot
Igor Yank::pacers over spurs in 6 in NBA finals
Adam Youman::MCW is a beast!
Nate Rose::12-1
Alan Ogg::means absolutely nothing, ask the top seed spurs and bulls in 2011 and 2012 what that meant :)..
Nate Rose::Alan Ogg means more than what most people can say
Alan Ogg::Nate Rose see you guys on vacation in early MAY cuz you ain't lasting til june sir
Marc Slavitt::win or lose, only playing 9 guys tonight, I love the fight in the sixers
Daymeon Craig::Vladimir kill yo self!!!!!!  All we do is win  NAPTOWN stand up go Pacers!!!!
Vladimir Tsalyuk::lol all pacers do is win meaningless games
Zack Schooler::Vladimir Tsalyuk............ Please tell me you aren't a Heat fan. Such a stupid fan base,
Wesley N Deanna Cupp::Go pacers pretty sure this guy below me isn't even from this country so your opinion dont matter
Daymeon Craig::12-1 let's go!!!
William Sucuahi::Pacers 99, Sixers 85
Ray Waterman::Very close prediction.
Tony Ellis::Sixers fans,  I'm sorry. I jinxed James Anderson by picking him up in fantasy. Still not going to cut him, but as soon as I do, rest assured he'll have his best game of the season.
Tony Ellis::And if you take out the FG%, he still had a nice game. He's an underrated player. Just had a tough shooting night.
Matt Bailey::This wasn't a career game by Roy Hibbert, like the recap says. I think Roy would have words about people not watching him.
Jonah Swidan::As much as I hate the Bulls, I really hope Rose's injury is nothing serious.  I was looking for a battle for the Central and I hope it still will be one, although I think the Pacers will win it regardless.  Go Pacers!!
Scott Hall::I believe in karma. You send someone to take your SATs in college, costing your team mates a final four, then I have no pity on you. Nor the obnoxious Bulls fans that come on here.
Zack Schooler::Their fear is he tore his ACL in his other knee. Sucks to see.  And with Bulls fans, you know they'll just spend the rest of the year talking about Rose coming back next year.
Adam Youman::hopefully he will come back this year as it is a lateral tear to his meniscus and not his ACL. as basketball fans, not just pacers fans, i hope we can all agree that anytime a superstar is hurt the league gets just a lil bit less exciting
Adrian Rodriguez::Sixers enough with the winning although I'd like to lose a close game... PACERS 101, SIXERS 96
Kc Side::my 2 favoite players lance and carter
Omar A::Where's Spencer Hawes at?
Wade Mason::My prediction...  Pacers win, 104-96.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::you're predicting the team that runs out 20 seconds on every offensive possesion will score over 100 and then being one of the best defensive teams they'll give up close to 100. is this a drunk prediction?
Jonah Swidan::Not a bad prediction actually.  Go Pacers!!!
Wade Mason::Vladimir Tsalyuk The Pacers are (on average) holding teams to about 8 points below their scoring average. The 76ers are a relatively high scoring bunch, so yeah, they probably make it into the mid 90s. The problem is that they'll be playing from behind in the final minutes since the Pacers have owned the second half this season. The Pacers can score, but they generally play to the level of the opponent. Against a team like Philly, it'll be a faster game with more possessions. They'll score as much as needed to get the W.
Marc Slavitt::MCW!!!!!!
Anthony Crockett::u see my boy carter
Jeeves Sritharan::go sixers!!
Daymeon Craig::Where they going
Dan Klopfenstein::Pacers are coming off a three game road trip which included tough wins at New York and Boston not to mention the drubbing by the Bulls which I'm sure the Pacers are still p---ed off about.  The Pacers will be glad to be back home at the Fieldhouse in front of a wild, Saturday night crowd of Hoosier basketball fans.  I think the Sixers are in for a little bit of trouble.  I'd say maybe 105-85 Pacers.
Tod Symons::The link for the recap on the scoreboard page says that the Pacers "pounded" the Sixers in this game. Looks like it was fairly close to me... Maybe I need to change my perception of what that word means.
Jim Crossin::"It's tough to play a game when you find out at the last minute that three or four of their top guys are out," Indiana coach Frank Vogel said. "You get some faces you're not used to." Are you kidding me??? Yeah, that really made it tough on Indiana. Give me a break.
Jacob Sharar::you took those out of context. He was saying it was tough on the Sixers, he gave them credit for playing tough when their starters where down.
Dereck Johnson::No actually he was saying the scouting report they had went out the window bc they were facing guys they hadn't seen all year and weren't prepared 2play against.
Jim Crossin::Dereck Johnson,thank you, they apparently teach reading comprehension at Edinburgh :). Exactly, the point is, 12-1 mature and  talented Pacers against the Sixers bench? Faces you're not used to? How about that Coach Brown isn't used to! Love what the Sixers are doing to grow out of mediocrity, but this is a thin year.
