Kyle Miller::Bucks pursuit of a top 4 pick continues:  Magic - 123 Bucks - 72
Chan Idk::Niceeee
Justin Burwell::Bucks gotta get back to Henson in the paint for some higher quality shots.  Caron is bricking everything.
Nate Fischer::"I'll teach the Magic how to play better defense."  -Carmelo Anthony
Nate Fischer::so when the bucks lose, they will have the worst record in the east.
Justin Nixon::I sure hope Tobias gets over THE WORST ANKLE SPRAIN IN HISTORY soon
Myatthew Hoxtell::I sure wish the Bucks never traded him to the Magic.
Justin Nixon::Matthew Edwardo well everyone wishes that
Frank Pelino::Aaron Afflalo looked  like Kobe Bryant tonight!
James Arrington::In the recap it stated the Magic struggled against the injury riddled Bucks, aren't the Magic injury riddled too? No Harris, Davis, Lamb, and S. Jones. Anyways, go Magic! Can't wait until Harris and G. Davis returns.
Geoff Starling::And arnt the Magic, the Magic. That is weird.
Justin Burwell::Can someone please tell Caron Butler to stop isoing. He is not in his prime anymore and wasn't good at it then.
Andrew Ticho::Totally agree.
Justin Burwell::Andrew Ticho Lol, he is part of the reason it is a nine point lead instead of at least a 15.
Andrew Ticho::Justin Burwell For sure. He's been frustrating to watch so far this season.
Geoff Starling::Middleton's gonna be good Bucks. Couldnt believe we included him in the Jennings deal. He's good at everything. I'm surprised he hasnt been better in his first 4 games. His first 20 games ever as an NBA player were so solid for a second round pick. He doesnt have any holes in his game. He can hit shots set or off the dribble, has an intelligent game, he's fairly quick, he has a handle for a SF, good on the break, good on D. I did not see one thing in 20 games that I didnt like about him. He's not great at anything (except potentially his pull up J) But I felt like our old GM Hammond might have potentially stole a SF version of Michael Redd from us for free when we gave him up with Knight. I know its unlikely he's that good. But he is a very solid player. I expect him to have these types of games far more often if he gets the minutes. But It says he played PF? Really?
Nate Fischer::http://espn.go.com/nba/powerrankings
Michael Maiorano::as we speak only 4 teams have a worst record than the bucks..out of 30 teams..like i was saying.  all correct facts sorry facts and the truth hurt sometimes don't they
Justin Nixon::like I said.. this freakin' guy.. well I guess the season is over, give the Pacers their championship.. idiot
Michael Maiorano::pacers? since when have they ever won anything.. its a superstar league.  that's why Magic, MJ, Bird, Kobe, duncan and lebron  have 27 of the last 31 rings.
Justin Nixon::Michael Maiorano Moron you just said to look at the current standings to see how good the Bucks are, now that's not your argument? And most real basketball fans have heard of Paul George
Michael Maiorano::this is a game magic had to win..at home vs one of the 5 worst teams in the NBA. and they are getting destroyed. still a few years away it seems.
Jacob Gross::The Bucks are a lot better than that lol
Justin Nixon::Jacob Gross I've seen Michael on other NBA boards, his basketball IQ is questionable at best
Michael Maiorano::hard to name 5 teams worse than the bucks...even the suns and sixers are probably better.  Bucks will end up with one of the 5 worst records book it...look at their lineup its awful .  Mayo is one of their best players that says it all
Justin Nixon::don't blame Michael, pretty sure he's a Laker fan... not known as being the most intelligent basketball fans
Michael Maiorano::when caron butler and oj majo are your two best players you are going to suck very very badly.  Doubt Bucks will win 30 this year.
Andrew Ticho::Butler's not one of their best players lol.
Justin Burwell::Bucks gotta get healthy.  I have been watching almost every game, when did all these player get injured lol?
Andrew Ticho::Missing tonight: Knight, Ridnour, Zaza, Ersan, Sanders, Delfino, Neal. That's almost half their team.
Matt Geere::Magic beat up bad to, I love how everybody allways forgets the Magic injuries
Andrew Ticho::Who were they missing besides Tobias Harris?
Michael Maiorano::im just going to come out and say it...the Bucks have the worst roster in the NBA...pure garbage.
Justin Burwell::Relax man.  I can tell you something that you might not know is that Larry Drew is a great offensive coach and will have the Bucks playing efficiently.  This is why they are better than the Magic. To be going in on the Bucks as a Magic fan, is hilarious. Early season records don't matter much.  Only a few games have been played.
Jacob Gross::If the Bucks beat the Magic tonight it will put them back in the 7th seed. How that is top 5 worst is beyond me. The Bucks are just a solid team not great just solid.
Julie Price::Orlando sucks...losing to a bad, banged up bucks team, that played last night.
Julie Price::lol i was upset because i didn't expect that effort from orlando.
Rilwan Ameen::AARON AFFLALO AND NICHOLSON TO THE BULLS FOR LUOL DENG!!! MAKE IT HAPPEN PAXSON
Geoff Starling::You're nuts if you're wanting to win now. Deng is a way more complete player with way more impact in other ways than being a volume scorer like Afflalo. Unless you're thinking about cap or long term, you just made your team worse. Deng has an impact on D and rebounding and finishing that compliments a team as a role player greatly. I'd love to show you what Afflalo next to Rose looks like. Are you doing the old 'add stats together' thing? Afflalo wouldnt score or be anywhere near as effective on O on the Bulls.
Brian Mcwoof Woof::Yeah the bulls would do that................ if they were retarded.
Matt Geere::no way in hell if IM the Magic I do that deal. An its clear bull fans have no clue on this one....
Andrew Cantrell::Does anyone know what happened with Andrew Nicholson tonight?
Chris Coates::Bucks score 36 and shoot 58% in Q1.  Boys need a stern talking to, this is not acceptable.
Chris Coates::Well done Bucks!
Brent B Jacoby::why no brandon knight? finally realize he is not any good?
Geoff Starling::Didnt he tear his groin in the preseason. I think there's a good chance B. Knight ends up a very good player. He's not a natural PG, but he's a very willing one. I could see him being an Eric Snow with 3pt range. He has a great attitude, work ethic and is the perfect PG physically. He's athletic, long, has a great set J, plays D and can get to the hoop.
Scott Baker::Fear the Deer!!!!
Chan Idk::Magic. Easy win!
Nate Fischer::dat defense
