dsphillips100::SLC has more strip clubs than Oakland.
GodofAcid::Sucks that you can't post on half the articles on this site now without using your f'n Facebook account. Guess what.. I don't want thousands of strangers to be one click away from my Facebook account!
chickenisaac::This win just reinforces my belief that the jazz reached their peak in 96-67 and 97-98 I can't see them seriously competing for a championship anytime soon.
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Haha, that was a good one
oblique15::so before this game, you thought this team had a chance?
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::It's all good, we usually kick it in gear around this time of the season.#Boston 4 life
Pete Carroll likes to Dance::we need rondo.... i was hoping that this little experiment would work.... but in the playoffs, we have no chance...
junoXJ::lmao... this had 69 likes in the "stretch-run debate" article  TTE365 i hope houston, lakers, and the warriors get in and utah falls off. that would be better for the fans and the nba in general. Lakers have star power, houston is young, exciting, and scores lots of points. ditto for the warriors. utah is just boring.
Saywuttdogg::Doc needs to give Fab Melo some playing time.  It can't hurt to have a big man under the rim.
ek148::Pierce also MISSED several 3's late in the game that should have cost the C's the game.............Pass the Ball
Trizzle0047::He did, he passed it to Green and it resulted in a shot clock violation. PP is the goto guy down the stretch. That's what happens down the stretch, you give it to the best playmaker on the floor. All teams do this, if don't believe it maybe you should watch some other teams play.
Jmello517::Jordan Crawford's stats are really good in december but they only won 3 games all month lol.
jazzmantitch::Favors needs to stop the silly fouls. We need his defense!
Lebroncouldcareless::THIS BOARD IS DEAD!!!!!!!
ShadowSlasher29::The game is over idiot of course this board is dead. Why would people still be on here after the game is over? Moron!
oblique15::hes hopeless
JCDish::That shot from Paul Pierce in the final seconds of regulation would have gone in back in 2008.
Jmello517::If big al wants to come back next season and Josh Smith wants to sign with us we would have a decent team. KG wouldn't have to retire as long as Pierce restructures his deal, let's be honest Pierce leads the Celtics but he makes too much money.
jazzmantitch::You willing to live with Big Al's defense?
Dribbird.::$15million is a lot.  But it could definitely be worse.  Pierce is better than DWill or Joe Johnson and they both make $20million
ThatsGoodSoup7963::DWill...he's a strange one.
Jmello517::I really hope TWill get's a second 10 day contract. He hasn't had any practice time really with this road trip. He's a good player and we could use him this season.
Lebroncouldcareless::OK JIMMY CAN WE TALK ABOUT BASKETBALL NOW  WITHOUT YOU BECOMING UPSET?
Jmello517::Some Celtics fans don't want to admit the future. I'm able to though.
CrimsonEyedDeath::With him you have the same odds as without him, 0%.
Jmello517::Rondo was the only reason why we were able to compete with the heat in the playoffs. With him I would say we would have a 25-30% chance beating the heat, without him we move down to 5-10% if we even get that far.
Lebroncouldcareless::THANKS BROTHA!,,,IM NOT SAYING THE HEAT CANT BE BEAT BUT  THIS GUY WAS SAYING THE C'S ARE BETTER THAN LAST YEAR  WHAT AN INSULT TO RONDO!!
SwadeNDShade::Dah well, Keep losing Jazz so my Rockets are a sure bet.
DuaneXC::The Rockets are a sure bet anyways.  Look at remaining schedules.  Houston's is easiest in comparison to what LAL and Utah have left.
SwadeNDShade::Really coach, you designed up a play to have Randy Foye coming off of a pick for a fadaway 33 foot three pointer?
JPHoks1981::What do you expect to happen with 1.4 seconds. I think the last play was the least of Corbin's problems.
brianmisle::That game was so worth my money last night! Go C's!
Jmello517::When Pierce looks 30 some games and then has a game where he looks 40 tells me he's getting over-tired. He should be put on the KG system, especially when they have a lot of games in a row.
Jmello517::We can't beat Miami without rondo, end of story. The only reason we came so close last season was because rondo would take over for quarters/games at a time to give the old guys rest.  We are younger now though.
Creamofthecrop23::Disagree. Heat are good but we match up damn well defensively with the Heat. Stick Jeff Green on Lebron the whole game, every game and you'll probably have a 7-game series.
Cswillwin::heat r overrrated
Saywuttdogg::who's we?  you don't speak for the Celtics fan base.. your just another gay bandwagon fan who we don't want or need so get the F out and watch some Miami games..
SwadeNDShade::There is no beating LEEbron.
Dribbird.::I did want Al Jefferson to come back to the C's, then I saw him play last night.   Apparently his defense has got even worse.
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Hypothetical question even tho I know the answer, you guys think we would beat the lakers if we were to somehow both end up in the Finals??
_I Am A Celtic_::If Rondo hypothetically returns, yes
Lebroncouldcareless::COME ON MAN!!! (CHRIS CARTER VOICE)
Jimmy30313::Easily, although there is no chance the Lakers make the finals
Jimmy30313::Lebroncouldcareless - Jimmy30313 - I didnt like my comment. Ill like it to prove it to you  IT WAS JUST BASKETBALL CONVO,,,,,,,,,,IM DONE BUBBA I SEE YOUR GETTING UPSET  SORRY JIMMY.  Good, so I can unlike it now
Lebroncouldcareless::Jimmy30313 - I didnt like my comment. Ill like it to prove it to you  IT WAS JUST BASKETBALL CONVO,,,,,,,,,,IM DONE BUBBA I SEE YOUR GETTING UPSET  SORRY JIMMY.
Jimmy30313::I didnt like my comment. Ill like it to prove it to you
Lebroncouldcareless::Jimmy30313 - More likely than the Lakers making it. And you dont have to shout  IM NOT SHOUTING BUBBA,I JUST LIKE CAPS  YOU DONT HAVE TO LIKE YOUR OWN COMMENTS!! LOL
Jimmy30313::More likely than the Lakers making it. And you dont have to shout
Lebroncouldcareless::BUT JIMMY YOU SAY THE C'S CAN? BE FAIR PIMPING LOL!!
Lebroncouldcareless::LOL!!!!! C'S FANS ARE CLOWNING THIS MORNING  CRUSH MIAMI,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,  YOU BOYS MUST BE HUNGOVER!
Cswillwin::Cs had 6 injured playerrs against heat n was still up 3-2
Saywuttdogg::If you give up on your team your a loser bandwagon fan and should get the F out.  It's not over till they say it's over.  Till then all this speculation is meaningless.
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::We would beat them and we will, when Lebron is on your team your gonna get every call even the horribly bad so obvious that everyone in the world would agree one's and all the Miami fans know it
Jimmy30313::Well they are. Our bench sucked last year
Lebroncouldcareless::BOSTON IS BETTER THEN LAST YEAR LOL!!! OK BUBBA IM DONE TALKING TO YOU,,,  RONDO WOULD FEEL SOOOOO DISRESPECTED RIGHT NOW LOL
Lebroncouldcareless::I UNDERSTAND YOUR A FAN JIMMY,,,,,,,,BUT THIS HEAT TEAM IS BETTER THEN LAST YEAR BRO!  AND LEBRON IS ON ANOTHER LEVEL!
Jimmy30313::Well you certainly hope so, and that comforts me
CrimsonEyedDeath::Last year, Boston was better than a #7 seed at this point.  They also hadn't lost Rondo for the season.  So I fail to see how the C's are 'better' now than they were last season.  But keep believing that, hopefully it'll comfort you after they're eliminated in the first round.
Jimmy30313::At the moment he is. And Boston is better than last year too
Lebroncouldcareless::LAST YEAR???  STILL COME ON   MAN!
Jimmy30313::C's could beat Miami
Jimmy30313::Yes small chance, but still a chance. "Anythings possible!" - KG
PensFan30::Jimmy, realistically speaking, Celtics have a small chance of taking down Miami in the playoffs.
Jimmy30313::Last year they were 2 blown calls away from playing in the finals
Lebroncouldcareless::IN A 7 GAME SERIES,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,  COME ON MAN!
PensFan30::Huge win for the C's..  On the road, facing a tough western conference opponent, playing their 2nd game in 2 nights.  I expected Utah to take this one.   Oh well, on to the next one.
Boston Bruin Fan::The celts are going to get the knicks in the 1st round, we will sweep them and then crush miami
CrimsonEyedDeath::Yeah, 'crush Miami'.  What color is the sky in the world you live in?
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Especially with the players we got. Jeff green is a beast, he just needs more pt. plus we got JET,Lee and Bradley's injury free. Damn, we comin with reinforcements this time around.BEAST  #Celtics 4 life #smash on Miami
Road dog Red::Loving IT.. the Knicks are dogmeat.. soft dogmeat
Road dog Red::The team looks good and appears that it is GOING to get better. how many other teams can say that??? The present is satisfying and the future looks bright... the Celts are GOING to contend for the ECF and its going to be FUN
Boston Bruin Fan::yes, no doom and gloom here
ThatsGoodSoup7963::I miss Tony Allen.
Cswillwin::we got avery
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Good defender and driver, ugly jump shot tho
Jimmy30313::He'd be handy
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Good defender and driver, ugly jump shot tho
Road dog Red::tmzdisnespn Nope, I live right down the road in East Boston. Just sick of Ainge's love affair with old and also bad players. This team needs help ============================ Heh heh heh... Ainges love affair with bad and old player... need to blow the team up even when it wins translatiion... a disgruntled Rondonian
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Yeah even tho we winning without him I would still feel more comfortable if he was playing. He was to be a starter in the all star game for his first time. All the haters need to get used to him cuz he ain't going nowhere
Road dog Red::In red sox analogy they would be called 'pink hats'
Road dog Red::The peeps who rather see the team lose than win without Rondo
Jimmy30313::Im with you. Winning is all that matters. But I don't subscribe to being better without Rondo
Jimmy30313::Rondonian? Thats a good one, is that some kind of tribe?
_I Am A Celtic_::Al Horford last night - 23 points, 22 rebounds.  Damn
Road dog Red::I thought the same.. DAMN
Road dog Red::Chicago is dropping like a ROCK....lmao and rat face Kobe and da Fakers LOST
tmzdisnespn::So? What is this team going to do? Need wholesale changes in the front office and those aren't coming. Way to celebrate an eighth seed . . .where the fack am I living?
Boston Bruin Fan::an 8th seed won the stanley cup last year
Road dog Red::don't you know where you are???  LMAO
_I Am A Celtic_::Corey Brewer seems to kill the lakers lately
Road dog Red::The Fakers final had to play a real team on a back to back... not the Bobcats or Timberwolves
tmzdisnespn::Who coaches that disgusting Utah team? Nice job fool. Let these old and young jokers win that game. Fire that AA hire immediately dopes. Then give your tithe . . .idiots. C's are old and foolish and Ainge is a towel sniffing scumbag. See R. Horry disrespecting that clown all day.
_I Am A Celtic_::I like the passion though
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::It's all good, love haters
Jimmy30313::C's are just better than your team. It's ok, let it all out
Road dog Red::Jazz fan with a hangover
tmzdisnespn::Nope, I live right down the road in East Boston. Just sick of Ainge's love affair with old and also bad players. This team needs help
Dribbird.::2-3 in 5 road games in 7 days?   I'll take it.
tmzdisnespn::Who cares do you really think they can beat anyone other than the dregs of the East? How proud . . .what a joke this city is because of UggBeetch and the loser Pink Hats . . .one game out of SIXTH? Oh boy!!
Jimmy30313::Better than your team
Boston Bruin Fan::me too, very impressed with the win last night
_I Am A Celtic_::I was thinking the same thing!
Road dog Red::Yeah... but if they had of gone 3-2 they would be one game out of SIXTH
Jimmy30313::Could be worse
Jimmy30313::They could easily have gone 1-4 too
Road dog Red::worse????. its the Celtics they should have SWEPT the whole dang thang
Road dog Red::This team was a couple of defensive stops away from beating Portland and going 3-2 on the trip
nba is the worst::Only 28 points in the paint, and chucking 27 threes is a concern
Road dog Red::Yeah,,, Bradley, Lee, JC and Twill have to get to the cup more... they have the speed.  Green needs to post up more
_I Am A Celtic_::Winning!!
Jimmy30313::Its one game
Road dog Red::PP and KG shouldn't have to carry this team for 4 quarters... just the 4th.. use the young guys to run up and down the 1st three quarters.. then KG.. PP and Jet for the 4th
_I Am A Celtic_::In an ideal world, yes
Road dog Red::During the three days off it will be interesting if Twill, Crawford and DJ White get acclimated... the team could use an xtra push going down the stretch
Road dog Red::Even though he can't play (till his papers from china arrive) he can still PRACTICE
Jimmy30313::But you talkin about PRACTICE man!
Jimmy30313::Are we getting White?
Paul41066::Huge,pivotal win for the C,s last nite.
Awakenbeing::I luv the Celtics!  -Laker fans
Jimmy30313::Well thats something I never thought I'd hear
Road dog Red::argenis fradique C's fans, where would you rather end up 7seed or 6th seed assuming Indiana stays at 2 and Knicks stay at 3. Either way I think it goes 6 or 7 games ======================= They will KILL either one of those BUMS... lol
Jimmy30313::haha just kidding
Road dog Red::Nope... i'm NOT getting drawn into that... Rondo who???
Jimmy30313::Time for a Rondo Rant?
Dribbird.::Next game Golden State at home.  I think we can win that one.
gswarrior831::Warriors got it.....were back on track.....bet on it beatches
Jimmy30313::Yeah that should be a win at home
Dribbird.::Celtics had 6 players score in double figures last night.  Carmelo would get the coach fired if that ever happened.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::It's awesome, a full team effort with PP leading the charge. I love when everyone is involved. Go team!
argenis fradique::C's fans, where would you rather end up 7seed  or 6th seed assuming Indiana stays at 2 and Knicks stay at 3. Either way I think it goes 6 or 7 games
DWright513::celtics in a series over the knicks in 5 or 6, the celtics just own the knicks
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Hell yeah, especially with our other pieces we have. Green is a beast he just needs more pt. plus we got jet and lee. We comin with reinforcements this season and KG still contributing. BEAST!!!
Jimmy30313::I think we can beat Indiana too, but that will be a tough series. The Heat are really the only team that worries me
argenis fradique::Ya Indiana with their size may be a tougher matchup for C's. I agree, Knicks can be beaten.
Dribbird.::I don't think the C's would have any trouble vs the Knicks.
Jimmy30313::6. The Knicks are an easy win
nba is the worst::Woke up just in time to see the last 2 minutes of regulation plus OT.  Nice win to get the split - PP certainly was clutch!
ThatsGoodSoup7963::YEAH. Let's hear it for our boys in Green! Go CELTICS.
nba is the worst::Big win at 5000 ft - momentum slowly coming back
1STOCKTONN4TIVE::Yeeee, I knew we would pull thru. Just keep winning baby. Celtics for life!
Jimmy30313::Celtic Pride!!
PensFan30::You C's fans should thank me, I assembled the flag Xiu Lu flag army and helped get several of his accounts banned ;)
_I Am A Celtic_::If that's true, then we definitely thank you.  I hate that loser
nba is the worst::What a waste of time.  It takes 2 minutes to create an acct here - seriously, you're proud of letting a loser tick you off?  smh
_I Am A Celtic_::That's good news
PensFan30::Yep, he ticked me off so I started flagging him and asked the board to help me.  His comments were all getting flagged and eventually his main accounts were banned and his comments were getting deleted.
PensFan30::Good game, C's fans.   Go Jazz!
Jimmy30313::Good game.
Dwayne_Johnson23::<b>C's!</b>
JKUdy::Hayward is a balla
JPHoks1981::Guess you haven't watched the last 2 he played before that.
17-Celtics-18::Not Really had one good game
JKUdy::Hate the Celtics so much!
Jimmy30313::You hate him because he looks like a chipmunk, wow
JKUdy::he is just one of those guys when you first see him you think man i dont like that dude
JKUdy::its true , thats why I hate tom brady as well. Pierce really does bother me though, looks like a chipmunk
PensFan30::Bass for Jefferson. I assume that's some kind of sick joke?..
JKUdy::ok . we have about 5 bigs  we dont need
Jimmy30313::We'll give you Bass for Jefferson
Jimmy30313::No deal
JKUdy::I never said he wasnt good I just dont like him. The jazz have a mediocre team with no closer. we'll take rondo off your hands for you
Jimmy30313::And he owned your team last night
Jimmy30313::Not surprising. A lot of people hate winners
_I Am A Celtic_::The Celtics have won championships in every decade besides the 90's.  Do some research before you say we won all our titles in the 60's
Jimmy30313::Well if you want to ignore rock solid facts such as the C's have more titles, then I guess there is just no talking to you. Because we base success on titles do we not?
PensFan30::Sorry, can't agree on that.   I still believe the Lakers are the most storied franchise, and you can't persuade me to think otherwise. Your weak arguments have no effect.
Jimmy30313::Lets just agree that the C's have the most titles and hence are the most storied franchise
PensFan30::And I still believe that. It's just we can't prove our opinions, so why even bother?
Jimmy30313::Well thats contradicting yourself. Before you said those titles were insignificant
PensFan30::Jimmy, you weren't around in the 60's, and neither was I, so who are we to judge?
Jimmy30313::No, a title is a title.
PensFan30::You do realize why I consider titles won before the expansion era to be less significant, right?
Jimmy30313::I disagree. The league was a lot tougher back then. Some of the all time greatest players played in the 60s
PensFan30::They have significantly less value than those won in the 90's and 2000's.
Jimmy30313::And the 60's do count you realise? You cant pretend like those titles didn't happen
Jimmy30313::I agree that they are the 2 great franchises. But what you are doing is cutting down the years. "Since the expansion era", thats choosing when to keep score. To make it simple: 17 &gt; 16 and thats ALL TIME, not from a convenient point in history
PensFan30::I think we can both agree that both are two great franchises.
PensFan30::This argument will never end.  The Celtics have been pretty mediocre since the expansion era. The Lakers have slowly claimed dominance over the rest of the NBA in the past 20 years. You can't just look at titles or HOF's, because most of the C's HOF's and titles came from the 60's.
Jimmy30313::The Celtics have more HOFers than the Lakers so there goes that argument. And the C's have only ever had one bad era (90's). So they dont rely on the 60's
PensFan30::I disagree with that. The Lakers and Celtics are pretty even when considering the Lakers have been taking over the league the past 20 years and have produced some of the greatest players in NBA history.  The Celtics history mainly relies on the 60's titles they won.
Jimmy30313::It doesn't matter how many Ive witnessed, I am merely a fan. This is not a competition. I simply stated the fact that the Celtics have won the most titles and are the most successful and storied franchise
PensFan30::Now Jim, please tell me, how many titles have you actually witnessed the C's win?
Jimmy30313::The Celtics have more titles than the Lakers and are hence more successful, so it would be like me hating the Bulls. You follow?
PensFan30::You said "people hate winners"...  By your logic, the Lakers are winners as well.   Your argument has just collapsed on itself.
Jimmy30313::Actually I dont hate the Lakers because the C's are a better franchise. And the list of Celtics legends exceeds the list of Lakers legends. (Bird, Russel, Cousy to name just a few)
PensFan30::And even so, you said "people hate winners", which means you hate the Lakers because they're winners.
PensFan30::The Lakers have won 5 titles since the expansion era.  They've had legends wear the purple and gold such as the NBA's leading scorer, Kareem.  One of the best point guards in NBA history, and one of the best SG's in NBA history.  Shaq, Kareem, Magic, Kobe, Chamberlain..
Jimmy30313::No. 17 &gt; 16. The Celtics also have the most MVPs and HOFers
PensFan30::That would be the Lakers IMO.
Jimmy30313::Most storied franchise in the history of the league.
PensFan30::Winners? They're barely above .500 .  Do you hate the Jazz?
