Beanslams46::Rockets are squat without all the undeserved free throws the league is handing to harden. The league is in a quest to keep the rockets in front of the Lakers.
Ismael0627::How is the rotation? I can see Lin is continuing his great shooting from last time. Parsons is struggling....  So who is the player of the game, Lin(For the 2nd time this season) or Harden?
Queen88022::"Jeremy Lin finished with 24 points and 6 assists on one of his better shooting nights of the season, going 9-13 from the field. He has scored at least 21 points over the last three games for the Rockets, averaging 23 points and 6 assists while shooting four straight games over 53% from the field. It might not have the same buzz it had last season when he pulled off these numbers for the New York Knicks, but it’s no longer such a big surprise to see him play this well."  http://sportige.com/houston-rockets-jeremy-lin-james-harden-backcourt-keeps-getting-better-03-2013/
Notta Lespn1::and harden has also mastered the game he can stretch 5 made field goal's to 29 points!
Notta Lespn1::Notta Lespn1 - and harden has also mastered the game he can stretch 5 made field goal's to 29 points!  as opposed to millsap and jefferson combining for 15 made fg's and only 34 points
TX rainman::thomas robinson is TRASH, miss fat pat!
Myjohnlai::The Kings dished TRob for a reason. I don't think TRob with his scoring is better than a Smith. Saying Patterson hitting his ceiling is not fair. He's still young.
TX rainman::he was excellent and backed up scola.. t rob looks lost
NguyenDragon::I am not a fan of Morey but I like this gamble... TRob has the potential to be better than Patterson... Give him at least a few seasons before blasting the hell out of him...
NguyenDragon::TRob is a rookie... Did you forget how long Patterson took to develop into an average player?
whuang04::I am a Lin fan, but some people needs to stop hating McHale for limited play time for Lin.  Remember Lin just came off from knee surgery, I am sure the Rox org wants to be careful with Lin during the season.  I am more concern if the Rox plays Lin more mins like 38-40 mins...
Myjohnlai::Yeah! Benching Lin at the 4th quarter is absolutely disgusting. Mr. 4th quarter always deliver and it's the quarter he has don't best.
Denzel7587::Be realistic, bro! Most people know protecting Lin is the reason why he gets limited playing time.
wHiTeTiGeR007::IT'S NOT SO MUCH ABOUT LIN NOT GETTING ENOUGH MINUTES BUT MORE ABOUT MCHALE BENCHING LIN DURING CRITICAL OR CRUNCH TIME THAT USUALLY RESULTED IN A LOSS;)
wHiTeTiGeR007::LAST 5 GAMES:  JLIN  32.2 MINS .565 FG%	.429 3PT%   .737 FT%  1.6 STLS	  5.6 AST  18.6 PPG ON 12 SHOTS;)
Jackiemoonsexy::<i>'Variety is hard because we’re random and you can’t really structure randomness but you can impose certain guidelines or themes that you want to do in your randomness'</i>  - Jeremy Lin
YaImFromCleveland::Let the offense run thru Lin, and all will be good..
NewcastleFanVL::Winning three out of the next five games will guarantee the Rox a playoff spot.
Myjohnlai::The rockets has a very tough schedule ahead.  They have to play teams like SA, Denver, LAC, Indiana. if they aren't enough, they have to play Memphis and Sacramento twice. Yes, the Memphis just beat OKC, Sacramento blew  LAC off the court at 4th scoring 38:18. Toney D scored 17 and made 3 straight 3 pointers. Thanks to the fire power we gave them. They are going to use it against us. Rox would be lucky if it came out with splits.
JPHoks1981::Jazz need to run the offense threw Hayward more. He is the teams best player.
NashvilleBulldog28::Indeed it seems like that.  (And I expect no less from the Butler grad)  They need to all get on the same page.  They have each had hot and cold streaks individually.
pdp_magi::Lin is playing his best basketball this season at the right time...hopefully he can continue this hot run into the playoffs....I'm calling it now, Miami v Houston in the finals....H-town in 5, win it in houston
NewcastleFanVL::How about the Rox in 6 vs the Knicks, huh ?  It's good to daydream a little sometimes...
sagematic::That would be awesome!  That would be a true battle
NguyenDragon::Rockets maybe... NY not going to happen... I have to admit that would make all kinds of news...
Silverio60::Lin &gt; K martin fron OKC
jeff050578::I remember Rocket fans were blasting Lin every chance they got earlier in the season.
DistantGalaxies::<b>I had my doubts before but now I must admit Lin is legit</b>
lomahtw::I think he meant the second half of the season after the allstars, isn't it obvious?
NguyenDragon::Apparently not to some people...
hookem5746::One game makes a man legit?  Intelligentl statement by you.
NAHMEANSON2::ONE GAME???WTF are U TALKING about???Idiot.
NAHMEANSON2::POSTING WHile DRUNK??
hookem5746::Watching the replay of the massacre now that has a deceptive final score
gldnglove27::tell me about it.  -7.5 rockets was a LOSS.  i hate gordon hayward with every bone in my body.
INJURIES to other teams help Miami win titles::18 FT"s from Harden?  WTFFF
Myjohnlai::He hit technicals and he draws fouls. In the shots he missed, he drew fouls. He's a hell of a shooting guard.
Spencer7933::How does a guy go 5 for 14 and end up 29 points?  Ridiculous.
fred3857::If Rox is away,might only 10 FT's from Harden and what will it be?
Jason Stone Lee::To all Lin haters, please watch other PGs you listed over Lin in important games recently. Lin has big heart to play in clutch time, this is the biggest difference comparing Lin to others.
Myjohnlai::If you were the player, you let your agent worry about the money, you put your focus on the game. Your agent would earn his keeps and deliver you a fat contract should you play well.
fred3857::Lin play for the God without fear while some of other for theirselves or money.
Queen88022::ofsfan - Don't kid yourself.  I think that while JLin is a christian &amp; loves God, if it wasn't for the money he'd still be a Knick.  How? There is NOT a contract from Knicks. loser.
ofsfan::Don't kid yourself.  I think that while JLin is a christian &amp; loves God, if it wasn't for the money he'd still be a Knick.
jliang03::Maalik wayns plays in the nba
hookem5746::BS emotional argument.  They all have heart.  Can't survive in the NBA without it
NewcastleFanVL::I'm glad Lin finally has established some kinda game consistency. I hope in the off season he'll develop the correct technique in making left layups; he gotta readjust his footing in his drive to take off with his right foot and lay the ball in with his left hand. This is a vital adjustment move my coach taught me and other right handed players years ago.
eenz3::NewcastleFanVL - I'm glad Lin finally has established some kinda game consistency. I hope in the off season he'll develop the correct technique in making left layups; he gotta readjust his footing in his drive to take off with his right foot and lay the ball in with his left hand. This is a vital adjustment move my coach taught me and other right handed players years ago.  You're just saying that to sound like you know what you're talking about because Lin already know how to do that, watch replays and you'll see that whenever he uses his left hand for layups he takes off using his right foot.
rm90025::He can use either hand and does so effectively.  When he uses his right hand on the left side of the rim, he is using it in order to avoid a shot blocker coming in from the weak side.  That shot blocker cannot reach the right hand.
Jason Stone Lee::If Lin can use his right hand to put in 7 of 8, why he needs to use his left hand mainly? His left hand skill improved this season, about 3/10 layup were left hand. It is enough to drove defender made mistakes.
Kassom69::Nice win rockets.
ScrewedUpTexan713::Even thought Rockets took there foot off the gas in the 4th I thought Jazz would of played the Rockets tough cause of there last meeting in Utah Rockets had like 50 pt lead lol
rm90025::Despite McHale's best efforts to shackle Lin in the first half, the kid responded with a super-efficient and timely performance.  He has quietly usurped the role as the most effective #2 option for the Rockets.  If they make the playoffs, he will be the reason why.  His performances against OKC, Golden State and Utah have been critical or Houston's wins.
Myjohnlai::In the game with OKC, he tried 16 shots scored 28 points comparing to Harden's 11 and 18 points.  In the next game he can only play 26 minutes. Anyone make Harden look bad is not allowed in the Houston organization.
rm90025::He played 30 minutes.  At one point in the first half, Beverley had played more minutes than him. His high efficiency rate is what kept him on the floor. If he was having a bad shooting night, I'm certain he would've been benched.
ScrewedUpTexan713::he played the whole game leave it alone already lol
Dunkalicous1234::Ive bet with a system called SportsBettingStar. Since I started I've lost my wife, my kids, my car and my house and am now an alcoholic. My net losses are somewhere around $100,000. You can find this system on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
wHiTeTiGeR007::GOOD NIGHT KIDS!  TIME TO PUT THE BABIES TO SLEEP;)
knicksyellow::Freakin' Melo and Dolan. The Knicks could sure use Lin right now. Dolan complains about luxury tax implications but doesn't amnesty Amare's  $100 million contract and decides to use it on Billups $14 million contract last year. He has five forty year olds on the roster and is paying them a total $16 million. The Knicks are throwing money away makes sense to no one.
Silverio60::sorry worse
Silverio60::Good ? Nuggalheads no Lin &gt;&lt; OKC no Harden. which is worth.
123abc456xxy::that why he got money to BURN.
Bulls Bears Cubs::Tell that to nbafanatic69 and fan1000
LinHardenParsons::Lin's non signing was never about the luxury tax. Dolan was just pissed that Lin wasn't appropriately "grateful" to the Knicks and didn't match his offer out of spite.
123abc456xxy::HePutsItIn i wonder how the rockets would be this year with Dragic instead of Lin? if lin has the green light like harden, i bet lin can avg at lease 18 p 10 ast by now.
Myjohnlai::Looking at Lin at the right perspective, you will discover that Lin after scored a triple double in D-league and was immediately called up to start Linsanity for the Knicks. It's only half a season. He's basically a half-rookie. This is truly his 1.5 season. He's not recruited by any college even he helped win the state championship. That's ridiculous. Then he did his stuff in Harvard which had never been known for basketball. He really didn't have any big-time basketball experience. Harden came from Arizona State which said it all. He then played for OKC. There was no comparison at all. The greatest asset of Lin is he learns fast once he was seriously put in the  big time basketball program. He's very aggressive in his games. His court vision is superb. His full court pass is deadly. He has great arms. Stride for stride, he can almost outrun anyone on the court with or without the ball. Deceptive quickness it is. He's strong and good at guarding bigger guards. He took ball away from his opponents by steals, drawing offensive fouls. Extremely good hands for loose balls. He's also a combo guard like Harden. He's great in playing pick and roll. He's improving everyday in NBA, the great time basketball program. He's emotional and explosive. He couldn't jump as high as Harden. He made it up by his lateral movements and his passes.  Too bad, the rockets doesn't have anyone like Chandler, Stoudmeyer, Anthony, Novak that he could pass to. His passes to Delfino and Parson are great to watch. Asik had a little difficulty hanging on his passes though. He's turning into a fearsome PG. Look at the blow out games against Utah, Golden State and Dallas and you'll discover he was the one who started the pouring.  He outscored Harden in only one game, the blow out of GS at the first game. It seems that's the only time he attempted more shots than Harden; 16:11 scoring 28:18. played 30 min comparing to 32 min of Hden. Normally Harden played about 40 minutes comparing to 33 mins of Lin.
rm90025::Dragic is average.  When Lin is on his game he is a game changer and a special player.
bassadilla05::Lin could average more stats if he actually played aggressively. His passive play is his own fault and not the coach's
HePutsItIn::The power of google.
wHiTeTiGeR007::TRUTH IS POWER;)
Dawan208::I like to see how Lin plays without Harden.  Like Beverley is out on the court without harden.  I wonder how good he would be.
wHiTeTiGeR007::I CAN SAFELY SAY LIN COULD PULL ALL STAR NUMBERS IF HE WAS THE 1ST OPTION;)
HePutsItIn::Did steve nash even average 10 assists? You guys are crazy. LOL
wHiTeTiGeR007::AS A MATTER OF FACT, YES!!! NASH DID THAT 7+ TIMES LOL;)
HePutsItIn::It never lasts...
ChuckCharlesCharlie::With these type of numbers he's putting up, kindda is already.
123abc456xxy::I KNOW NOTHING LAST FOVER, BUT how you play for 2 week mean you have the abitlity to do it again.. LINSANITY 2 will gonna happen again if harden is injurd . who knows.
wHiTeTiGeR007::NOTHING NEVER LAST FOREVER;)
HePutsItIn::Doubt he would ever average 10 assists though. that is crazy
wHiTeTiGeR007::WITHOUT HARDEN, THAT'S NOT TOO HARD TO ACCOMPLISH.  DON'T FORGET HARDEN IS A 2 GUARD COMBO WHO SHARES THE PG POSITION;)
HePutsItIn::he might average that without harden but they would suck then.....
eenz3::No one said he could do it without Harden but the point is he should have the green light like Harden.
123abc456xxy::who know how they play.. lin didnt have any star playing in ny while he went off 2 week while melo was OUT. if harden not here other people step up. he make easy passes to his teammate.which lead to  EASY scores.
wHiTeTiGeR007::WELL NO SINGLE INDIVIDUAL IS GONA WIN IT ALL.  ASK KOBE;)
wHiTeTiGeR007::LIN COULD EASILY DO 18PPG 8 AST IF HE TAKES MORE THAN 15 SHOTS AND PLAY MORE MINUTES;)
fred3857::If Rox has an efficienct big offender at the paint or Asik doesn't have butterfinger,and let Lin play real PG,he will easily over that stats.
123abc456xxy::i agree
wHiTeTiGeR007::IF THE ROX DON'T WIN AN NBA RING THIS YEAR, PLEASE FIRE MCFAIL;)
Myjohnlai::Ridiculous. I am definitely not a fan of McHale.  But if the same criteria is put on all the coaches of NBA teams, only one will survive the cut.
TAC0REV::#FIRECOOOOOOOORBIN
wHiTeTiGeR007::IN ALL HONESTY, I RATHER HAVE HARDEN THAN  CANCER meLO;)
Myjohnlai::Too bad that we're stuck with Morey for 4 years.
dasun47::I second that!
HePutsItIn::i wonder how the rockets would be this year with Dragic instead of Lin?
HePutsItIn::He actually leads the league in feald goal pct of his passes. look it up....
HePutsItIn::One on one melo would score 40 a game.
HePutsItIn::Not sure if you watch knick games but melo get mauled.
wHiTeTiGeR007::WHAT DO YOU EXPECT WHEN meLO DOESN'T WANT TO LET GO OF THE BALL LOL?!  ANYONE TAKING 30 SHOTS CAN PUT UP 20+PTS THE MAJORITY OF THE TIME;)
JorgeJorge24::Lin + Hayward could be a deadly backcourt on Utah...   I liked this idea ...
LinHardenParsons::If we can somehow land CP3 in free agency with Dwight, we will need a place for Lin to land....figure out a 3 way with the Clippers....
HePutsItIn::I think it helps not being the first option. How do you think Melo would do if he did not have three guys on him at all times? Everyone forgets that for some reason.
wHiTeTiGeR007::LET'S NOT FORGET MELO DOESN'T GET DOUBLE OR TRIPLE EVERY TIME EITHER;)
Jason Stone Lee::Wait until end of this season. You willl have the answer.
wHiTeTiGeR007::DRAGIC IS THE 1ST OPTION WHILE LIN IS THE 2ND OR 3RD OPTION...YET THEY BOTH HAD SIMILAR STATS.  YOU DO THE MATH;)
LinHardenParsons::Similar....maybe a game or 2 better.
Denzel7587::Still doubting Lin.
wHiTeTiGeR007::HONEST TALK, WHO DO YOU HAVE MORE SYMPATHY FOR ---&gt; meLO THE 1ST ROUND OUTER OR FATon, THE DONUT SPECIALIST?  ;)
LinHardenParsons::None of the above.
USMC5005::i actually feel for felton.  i dont think he's a bad guy.  he gets SOOO much hate
wHiTeTiGeR007::YEA HE'S ACTUALLY A GOOD KID THAT JUST KINA GOT CARRY AWAY BY ALL THAT WEIGHT;)
MCHummerr::Lin makes other players look good. Example: Shump, Novak and Fields last year this year you have Parsons, Asik and Delfino.
moncindy007::How about Greg Smith? Lin also make him better. The next one he will make better be T. Roberson. Let's see.
19Houston75::Parsons looked good last year. Asik barely played in Chicago. Delfino doesn't even look good this season. He's had a few decent games, that's it.
19Houston75::LinHardenParsons - Delfino has REALLY fallen off.  He's pissin me off lately.  He's a one trick pony and lately even that trick isn't all that great.  Dude has been building sky scrapers the past two months. That's a whole lotta bricks.
LinHardenParsons::Delfino has REALLY fallen off.  He's pissin me off lately.  He's a one trick pony and lately even that trick isn't all that great.
R Barron::I think I'm the only Jazz fans here. Everyone else is getting their pitchforks and torches to rally about Al playing 43 minutes while Kanter plays 5.
JorgeJorge24::Lin + Hayward could be a deadly backcourt on Utah...   I liked this idea ...
R Barron::And hopefully dump Big Al and Paul Millsap
Chin6biz::Jazz will get a lottery pick, another first round pick ( from GS Warriors), more cap room, and a new coach next season. :)
RetroLakers::Utah made a grave mistake not selling high on Jefferson while he was hot before the trade deadline.
Chin6biz::He can be a great offensive threat but a greater defensive liability.
MCHummerr::Jefferson will end up in Dallas
R Barron::Cool, I hate Dallas.
RetroLakers::In February he shot 57% and averaged 20 ppg and 8 boards, that sounds pretty good to me.
R Barron::And expiring at the end of this season. Plus we can't take on much salary.
Real_Salt Lake::jefferson was garbage to begin with
R Barron::He was never that hot.
Real_Salt Lake::Time to let he young guys run the show next year PG Burks SG Hayward SF ?? PF Kanter C Favors
JorgeJorge24::Lin + Hayward could be a deadly backcourt on Utah...   I liked this idea ...
R Barron::Burks is a SG. Move him there and Hayward to SF
Real_Salt Lake::The 3 times kanter has starter in place of jefferson he is averaging 19 points 13 rebounds... and he actually defends. Jefferson doesn't give any effort anymore.
RetroLakers::Looks like a 10th place team to me.
Real_Salt Lake::That lineup is better than our current starting lineup. The stats don't lie
LinHardenParsons::All those guys looked good in spurts tonight.  I think they defer to your older guys too much and thats hurting their development.
R Barron::Welcome to our life
HePutsItIn::Lin was much more Fun to watch but i am pretty sure the knicks record would be the same either way.
Chin6biz::Skip bayless &gt; Stephen a smith
setrue::Anyone &gt; Stephen A$$
HePutsItIn::i don't think anyone really takes him seriously.
USMC5005::i know.  i just thought it was a fun fact
SF_Bay_Henri::STEPHEN A SMITH IS CRAZY
USMC5005::ironically, stephen a smith, the worst LOH of all time, disagrees with u lol
MCHummerr::Rockets only have 6k fans? Not many fans in the arena
19Houston75::Attendance: 15,739
sports guy12::???
LinHardenParsons::It was a sellout.
USMC5005::LIN IS A GOOD PLAYER WHO IS NOT A STAR BUT WILL GET THERE ONE DAY!!  ok enough lin talk  do u guys think rockets can make 6th seed?
Myjohnlai::Sorry I forgot to mention that the rockets have to play the Clippers and the Lakers too. The schedule is horrible. The only good thing is we don't have to play the Miami Heats.
Vega_2012::Rockets have a stranglehold on the 6th seed if they had won those past couple games they were supposed to win.
USMC5005::that $@%!$@% gsw game.  :SLDKFJS:DLF:EJFW messed everything up
wHiTeTiGeR007::THE ROX COULD BEAT ANY TEAM ANY TIME IF THEY FIRE UP ALL CYLINDERS.  AGREED, PARSON MUST GET HIS SHOTS GOING CAUSE THEY CAN'T RELY TOO MUCH ON HARDEN OR LIN;)
madnesslover::I'd say 6th will be a good fight between the Lakers and the Rockets and may even come down to that final game. Lakers still play GS twice so if they keep playing well, then I think GS falls to 8.
sports guy12::give me the schedules of the Rockets and Warrios
Myjohnlai::The Rox had to play Memphis, Sacramento, Phoenix twice. Yes it's the Memphis who beat OKC and Clippers, It is the same Sacramento which beat Chicago and the Clippers in the last two weeks. Toney D scored 17 points in the last quarter to blow out Clippers at the 4th. I think the Kings are very grateful for the firepower we gave and they will never hesitate to use it on us. Then the rockets have to play San Antonio, Denver, Indiana, New Orleans, and Portland. It would be lucky if the rockets can win 50% of the rest of games.
LinHardenParsons::Warriors have slight edge in schedule with more home games and already with 2 victories ahead.  But they are tied in loss column and Houston owns the tiebreak.  Will be a great finish.
USMC5005::yeah it looks like our schedule is more brutal
madnesslover::There's a little button above that says "Schedule," it's very handy.
USMC5005::REALLY rough couple games ahead of us tho, we need parsons to get his shots back
wHiTeTiGeR007::YES IF THEY STAY CONSISTENT;)
Vega_2012::Wow this Hayward kid is pretty god. Good pick by Utah
LinHardenParsons::Yeah I agree.
Vega_2012::I had never heard of him until tonight, and i just realized he's averaging over 20 points over his last couple of starts.
Where Is The Button::The biggest difference btw Lin and Felton is that Lin is a difference maker in the game. Felton not so much.
HePutsItIn::both are no Kyle irving....
wHiTeTiGeR007::TRUE BUT LIN DID OUTPLAYED HIM LAST TIME;)
HePutsItIn::he does have 16 mill coming to him......
USMC5005::pretty sure rockets earn all that back easily due to lin's marketability
Vega_2012::you forgot weight difference
wHiTeTiGeR007::LOL I COULDN'T HELP IT WITH THE CUPCAKE SIGNS...THAT WAS COLD;)
wHiTeTiGeR007::WHAT'S WRONG WITH LIKING FRIED CHICKEN?  I LOVE IT!;)
woopzzzz::IS THAT YOU RED??
wHiTeTiGeR007::AWESOME!;)
woopzzzz::how them kids??
wHiTeTiGeR007::WHO'S RED?  LOL;)
wHiTeTiGeR007::SOME PEOPLE JUST HAD IT BETTER ---&gt; FATON;)
R Barron::"If you don't like fried chicken and watermelon, mother f.ucker, there's something wrong with you! S.hit's $@%!$@ delicious!"
LinHardenParsons::Only someone as stupid as Dolan would choose Felton over Lin.  I  feel for Knicks fans.  Can't change your owner.
Myjohnlai::If you buy a player coming back from a knee injury, you kind of expect him to come back slowly. Harden played 40 minutes a game and tried lots of shoots too. The scoring will go up if you try more shots. Lin's playmaking is better than the 6 assists shown because of lots of blown assists. His salary break down is 5 million a year for the first two years. It's in fact a bargain. For the last year, Morey'll trade him away; I can almost sure that Morey would ship Lin to the other team with the poison pill.
RetroLakers::Lin is putting up replacement level numbers with a bloated contract, the Knicks made the right choice.
LinHardenParsons::It was my estimate.  I didn't go look it up.
buimonster::13 and 6 bro, rounding up lol?
LinHardenParsons::How is less than 8 mill per year bloated for a guy avg 14 and 7 a night?
woopzzzz::38 against spurs is replacement number huh
USMC5005::Lin's marketability, and his upside makes his contract worth it. + he's already improved significantly in just a couple months
sports guy12::ha
R Barron::There's more of Felton to love.....
Jumeax::Good to see Corbin is still earning his Lakers Paycheck
Jmcsmith21::You are so ignorant retrolakers
RetroLakers::Everyone knew the Lakers were coming so you shouldn't be surprised.
123abc456xxy::HePutsItIn LIN=Felton   Case closed    HAHAHA.. I KNOW YOU ARE A KNICKS FANS.. to bad ur fat felton play bad..you can compare who ever u like, we know lin will be great for years to come.. felton play well is u put a piece of  fried chicken in front of him
buimonster::the felton fat jokes are really unnecessary lol.
USMC5005::i told other ppl to stop, and then i made a fat joke myself.  i just cant help it lol
HePutsItIn::It is i guess.
USMC5005::123abc456xxy  comon man, he's not a lin hater. dont overreact
RetroLakers::You guys are arguing over two league average players, it's comical.
HePutsItIn::That is kind of racist Don't you think?
USMC5005::he meant cupcakes, not fried chicken
Ron Erick::greg smith should play more than thomas robinsucks
Myjohnlai::Smith is a hell of a bargain. I can assure you if you put him on waiver, he would be scooped up immediately. Lots of teams are looking for a backup center like him.
Ron Erick::ok your dumb $@% bye
LinHardenParsons::If Smith goes to the 4, who backs up Asik at the 5? Smith can't play that many minutes dude and Asik can't play 48.  Haven't you noticed how often he gets in foul trouble?
Ron Erick::just saying why play someone him over someone that has been consistent whole season
LinHardenParsons::Smith is the backup center.  Thats why.
Ron Erick::kings dropped him for a reason
Ron Erick::your point?
LinHardenParsons::That you knee jerk.
LinHardenParsons::Wrong.
LinHardenParsons::Smith has 1.5 seasons behind him.  Robinson has 3 weeks with the team.  Knee jerk much?
Ron Erick::greg smith has earned his minutes. robinson $@%!$@ sucks
Hank10593::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bRyrIyIjI9U Post game McHale, started with Lin and ended with Lin.
wHiTeTiGeR007::I GUESS HE DOES READ THE BLOGS LOL;)
clipb0rd::Why do lin haters think we lin fans think that he is in the class off Cp3, russel, rondo, d rose, or the other all star guards. We don't, even lin admits it himself, I enjoy watching him play, but I do not think he is at the level those guys I listed above, I think he is an above average guard, just lacking consistency.
clipb0rd::I'm. Speaking on behalf of lin fans who has common sense and actual knowledge about the nba
USMC5005::years down the road, MAYBE.  just not now
Xiaoping1805::he was undrafted player, so he was thought to be unqualified. However, he showed us his true value after 'linsanity".
R Barron::I'd say he's even with Mo Williams and Jarret Jack caliber players. Lin is improving though.
Denzel7587::Mo Williams is No. 54, Jarret Jack No. 21, Lin No. 20 in total points scored among over 100 PGs in the NBA.
Jason Stone Lee::clipb0rd - Why do lin haters think we lin fans think that he is in the class off Cp3, russel, rondo, d rose, or the other all star guards. We don't, even lin admits it himself, I enjoy watching him play, but I do not think he is at the level those guys I listed above, I think he is an above average guard, just lacking consistency.  No you are not Lin fan, you are fake, you don't know him.
R Barron::Whatever dude, they hang out.
SF_Bay_Henri::Felton can grow fatter, but Lin will only stay in that shape.
Myjohnlai::A skinny Felton is Selton.
HePutsItIn::felton was skinny at his age. You never know.
sports guy12::Felton, skinny? is that an oxymoron
USMC5005::lin's also asian
luckywin7::lol
luckywin7::my gosh you all dumbazz loser thinking about race!!!!!!!!!!! lin play very well and most important of all, lin is a team player
wHiTeTiGeR007::SADLY, AS A DEVELOPING COUNTRY, MORE THAN HALF OF AMERICANS HAVE A LOWER THAN NORMAL ILLITERACY RATE;)
wHiTeTiGeR007::SORRY ENGRISH ONLY PREASE!;)
R Barron::I DON'T GOTTA READ I JUST NEED MUH TRUCK AND MUH GUNS
R Barron::LEARN ENGLISH OR GET OUT OF AMURICA!!!!1!!ONE!!!
HePutsItIn::LIN=Felton  Case closed  Both are slightly above average point gaurds who will get you six assists and every once in a while get you twenty something points. Please dont say lin has time to grow. The new NBA point  gaurds do not get better with time....They are young and athletic.
HePutsItIn::He will always be solid but overated beacuse of his popularity.
clipb0rd::Couldn't be truer, I'm a big lin fan also
nbafanatic69::Lin was scarred from that infamous  heat game last year  before the allstar .  Totally exposed . He never did recover and we knew he wouldn't be much use afterwards
Khaos0924::I thnk you are the one who is scarred for life, there will be no more positive hype like Lisanity in NYK, ever.... LOL, only old farts, and melo cancer, left for you to smell....
USMC5005::lin had a pretty damn good game vs cavs right after the heat game.  and he continued to be productive the rest of the season with the knicks until the injury
buimonster::yet you are still here showing how buttthurt you are that he is no longer with the knicks. Are you scarred from him leaving?
wHiTeTiGeR007::EVEN CP3 GETS SHUT DOWN EASILY BY THE HEAT SO WHAT'S YOUR POINT?  LOL;)  P.S.  TRY AGAIN;)
HePutsItIn::Incline? Did you watch his time with the Knicks?
USMC5005::Right he had more minutes, took more shot attempts, and had more TO's, and he wasn't properly scouted.  Now ppl know all about his game, and he's gotten past that, improved his fg% and lowered his TO's, all while sharing the minutes with harden.  i think that's definite improvement IMO
USMC5005::??  Lin already grew and improved enormously just from october to march... u dont think he can grow anymore years down the road lol
buimonster::how does a 24 year old pg who is just now getting starter minutes have no room to develop? felton has been in the league much longer than lin has and he's already hit his ceiling.
FlopFloat::Well Felton wll definitely grow this off-season.
SF_Bay_Henri::Chalmers &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Felton
Dawan208::Felton is like Chalmers. They are great when they have the ball in thier hands.  But are  outshined by two supertars
FlopFloat::Sorry, this will be my first and only fat joke towards him.
USMC5005::stop man.  i feel bad for him lol
Dawan208::But he's on an incline though .  Lin that is .  His PPG is increasing game to game.
