Joe19444689::Lot of people saying Dantoni was the wrong choice and LA should've chosen Jackson. They are right but the decision IMO was wrong because they should've just kept Bickerstaff as coach. Lakers had 4 wins 1 loss and that loss was by only 2 points to SA. So I say bring Bickerstaff back as he just let LA's talented players play with simple sets, no smart $@% O and non-existent D schemes.
D4eden::For those that think we're going to get scorched by all these PGs, keep in mind what a toll having to guard a steady dose of pick and roll with Howard and Nash will take on the body. They will put up big numbers sure, but not enough to overcome the huge numbers we can expect by this offense.
D4eden::Nothing against Brown. The team would of picked up their level of play with or without him. Growing pains to start a season are to be expected when you make moves like the Lakers. Having said that, this team with Nash at the point and D'Antoni coaching, will be fuuuuuuuun to watch!
Coby brain::the knicks won 1 playoff game in 10 years and celebrated like they won the championship..  does that mean new york city think the knicks are the 2011-2012 NBA champs??
Coby brain::all you fans are stupid and should shut up. --kobe bryant  kobe fans= we still love you kobe 5 rings thats all that matters..
ChrisLA2010::This is a great start to the season for someone in their 17th year in the league.... hopefully he can keep up this pace. and dwight will only be getting better as his back strengthens up. whoop whoop! GO LAKERS!
1983johaun::tewmorrow go be another challege for us broklyn got that offense and is a 500. team our defense have to step up tewmorrow and cruise away with a sweet victory lakerss nation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ic0n2900::kobe 18 triple doubles durant 1 triple double MJ 30 triple doubles lebron 40 and countings   could throw in rondo and jason kidd, pretty sure they both have a lot, but they aren't in the same league as those other guys.
admrobster::One metric does not make a player.
WatergateSean::Jason Kidd has 107 triple doubles  its safe to say hes a hall of famer too.
rodneycash2008::He is headed to the wife beater HOF.
1983johaun::the lakers are not gonna lose over 15 games this regular season
1983johaun::iam my positively sure
Shotta_p::Sure guy.
lbl2481::Remember when Phil Jackson told Mike D'Antoni to sit the f%$&amp; down? This is the greatest Phil vs. Pringles breakdown ever: http://bit.ly/LPShow5
Kobe6rings2013::where's all the di.ck riding trolls at ? LOL
tonythelakerfan::Anyone complains about Mitch hiring D'Antoni over Phi? How about trading Bynum for Howard?
NguyenDragon::Bynum is a dumbas.s... Bowling?  Really?
Terry 1953::Lakers blow
Carlosisgone::you forgot to put in the rest...."teams out."
BK HOTSHOT::Does anyone "DOUBT" the "NECESSARY" firing of Mike Brown now? Who were the idiots who said it wasn't Mike Browns fault? Aren't these the exact same players from 2 weeks ago? Now playing like the fans knew they could &amp; should play like? We were told to "Just Shut Up," &amp; be quiet, but we typed , screamed &amp; demanded better. Now we have triple doubles to cheer about. Now onto WashIngton Wizard land we MARCH. POWER TO THE PEOPLE!
D4eden::oh yea man. This 5 game sample size provides definitive evidence that Brown needed to go. (sarcasm)
cofm99::Yes
Ric3524::Metta. World. Crazy. Fights crowds, elbows harden, punches Jeremy Rin.
cofm99::Tell fans not pour beer on him when he is laying on the broadcast table. Tell Harden not to stick his face on Ron's elbow and Lin was an accident
DeezBrown::Kobe messed around and got a triple double.
PhillyFlya::That was very "Ice Cube-ish" of you.  :)
OKCBernie::LeBron James and Kevin Durant named Players of the Week.
socialsatyr11::again.
OKCBernie::Knicks better than Miami?? Cmon guys you know better
PhillyFlya::Im don't agree with that @ all.
_Furious_::Westbrook is not a ballhog - just for the record. The way the team is constructed, they need him to score - that much is clear. Sefolosha, Ibaka, Perkins, Maynor, Nick Collison, none of those guys are scorers.   The team only has three guys to basically give them 70 - 80 ppg.   Plus how much of a ballhog can he be? Durant has THREE scoring titles.
gatorfan808::He is a ballhog.  Not his fault because he was never a true PG.  He is averaging more shots than Durant per game.  Either you got a bad coach who is not creating more for Durant or you got a ballhog on your team.  Credit Durant for the scoring titles, he is efficient and knows how to get to the charity stripe.
Yungdubz27::"I hope Kevin Martin guards me during the OKC game"  - Kobe Bryant
Carlosisgone::I hope it happens. Kobe will crush him like he always does.
OKCBernie::"I hope Nash is ok for that OKC game"   ----Westbrook
rodneycash2008::hey okc, as long as you are ok with losing in finals and your expectations arent higher, you should be happy with your team.
Long Time Laker Fan::OKCBernie - very happy....especially since we own the lakers  as a Laker fan, I've gotta say, I'd NEVER be happy with second place.  2007-08 was a failed season.  But then fans of most teams can't understand that.
rodneycash2008::oh you mean because they beat them one year?  Happy with 2nd place, AKA the first loser.
OKCBernie::very happy....especially since we own the lakers
TrojanGrad2001::Hey Russ, PASS ME THE BALL!  -K.Durant
nba is the worst::OKCBernie - who is 5th in the league in assists?  Who's 18th in ast/TOs?
OKCBernie::who is 5th in the league in assists?
Lord STOMP::Are you some sort of ventriloquist ?
rodneycash2008::yeah, westbrook is really tearing it up this year.  (sarcasm)
hofersf49::funny how 40% is cool for westbrook but if any laker was shooting that it would be the subject of every post
OKCBernie::"Nash has played" = past tense  Whens he coming back?? They said hed be out a week....that was 2 weeks ago :)
rodneycash2008::westbrook will be lucky to play half the amount of years Nash has played at a high level.
nba is the worst::They'll go to about 10 pg
OKCBernie::how are Nash assist numbers?
OKCBernie::that'll go to about 45%
rodneycash2008::yeah, that 40% thing.
TrojanGrad2001::40% from the field isn't bad. Well, actually it is.
OKCBernie::20ppg 8apg  hows Nash doing?
Gmenftw::jeremy lin 2-9 fg 5 pts 10 assists (-20 +/-) some of u idiots were saying the knicks would forever be losers and never win a chip because they let the "great" jeremy lin walk.
Coby brain::the knicks won 1 playoff game in 10 years and celebrated like they won the championship..  does that mean new york city think the knicks are the 2011-2012 NBA champs??
setrue::Slow down Gboy, you talk as if the Knicks is a lock to win the "Chip" this year.   Knicks past 40 yrs history and MElo worst playoff record says you are dead wrong again.
TrojanGrad2001::No, the Knicks will never win because they have the worst ownership in the NBA.
OKCBernie::now hes on a scouting report, hes not dominating anyone
Gmenftw::great players adjust their game and make improvements. allen iverson and jordan could be on all the scouting reports possible but they will still dominate a game because of their talent
Lord STOMP::Knicks won the 2012-2013 NBA title ?
Lord STOMP::I really hope they contend. The NBA is much better when NY is in the mix. Brooklyn / NYK ECF and LAL / LAC WCF would be glorious.
Gmenftw::they are contenders now. something they weren't with lin
Lakersgetterdone::Someone get 'Great Year In Sports Brothers' a Job application somewhere, anywhere.
Lord STOMP::just ban him with ESPN script blocker.  I did.
Great Year In Sports Brothers::CHECK ESPN'S TOP 10 PLAYOFF PERFORMANCES EVER   KOBE HAS 0  LEBRON HAS 3  MJ HAS 4  AND EVEN WADE HAS 1
Ric3524::Kobe: 2 Finals MVPs; Lebron: 1, Kobe: 5 rings; Lebron: 1
Yungdubz27::If they don't have Kobe 48pts 16reb game on the list then they are bias
sniper13xxx::2001 WCF Gam1 vs the Spurms.  Kobe at his greatest ever.
nba is the worst::Ha ha - clearly legit
TrojanGrad2001::Yes, because ESPN has credibility.
Great Year In Sports Brothers::Kobe was the best player from 2000=2010?&nbsp; Finals Mvps&nbsp; Shaq 3, Duncan 2, Kobe 2&nbsp; Season Mvps&nbsp; Nash 2, Duncan 2, Kobe 1&nbsp; &nbsp; 5 rings but 3 were as a role player , lol, Best player? riiiit   NBA MVP 12th season&nbsp; &nbsp; NBA finals MVP 14th season&nbsp; &nbsp; C'mon Kobe fans defend this
Ric3524::.
Long Time Laker Fan::Now let's talk about Tim Duncan.  Similar to Shaq in comparing him to Kobe.  If you only look at 2000-2005, Duncan was better than Kobe.  Duncan carried his team while Kobe was the second best player on his team, which managed to win 3 rings based on him and Shaq.  In 2006-2010, Kobe carried his team as Duncan had in the first half of the decade, while Duncan slipped to the second or third best player on his team - remember Tony Parker was the finals MVP in 2007.  I'd say Duncan was closer to Kobe than Shaq was for the whole decade of 2000-2010, since Shaq declined more.  But overall Kobe was better.
Long Time Laker Fan::Okay, let's start with Shaq.  Kobe + Shaq = 3 championships + one finals where an injured starting PF prevented a championship.  Shaq + Nash = 0 championships.  Shaq + LeBron = 0 championships.  Kobe's game fits better with Shaq than either Nash or LeBron.  Wade's game is similar to Kobe's and that's why he and Shaq managed to pair up for a ring.  And Kobe managed to win more without Shaq than Shaq won without Kobe.  If you measured 2000-2005, Shaq was clearly better.  If you measure 2006-2010, Kobe was clearly better, and if you measure 2000-2010, Kobe was better by a little overall.
nba is the worst::key starters aren't roleplayers - unless you consider lebron a roleplayer on the '11 heat
rodneycash2008::role player?  how many do they win without him?  (not a Kobe fan)
TCrudog74::lakers look a little bit better,besides spurs played $@%!$@ teams. idk how they will hold up in the end tho, all this running isnt good for an old kobe and old nash. lakers will end up 3 or 4 seed in the west
Black_mamba30000::Okc will always be third or fourth tier to the lakers, people love to root for underdogs
OKCBernie::win on the road vs Memphis on fri.....then we'll talk
nba is the worst::OKCBernie - win on the road vs Memphis on fri.....then we'll talk  -=-=-  says a fan of a team that lost a home game to the grizz...
rodneycash2008::nah, stay on your own board, homer.
numb1lakefanespn::heat fans are also lakers bandwagoners true fact...baby and lil wayne for example
OKCBernie::USC = Lakers = Dodgers  Teams that look great on paper but really arent that good
Lord STOMP::How did Oklahoma St. do this year ? How about the MLB team in OKC ?
rodneycash2008::I heard your non existent baseball team is favored to win the world series next year.
OKCBernie::dude chill...at least you have the clippers and ucla to root for :)
Lord STOMP::Did the Mariners move to OKC ?
OKCBernie::OKState wasnt picked to win the national championship. And the dodgers did about as good as our non existent baseball team
rodneycash2008::OKC finally gets a pro sport and people like you start trolling.
OKCBernie::its a fact bro
TrojanGrad2001::Heat fans have an inferiority complex. FACT.
OKCBernie::why?? they have a better record than the Lakers. Which means the Lakers are inferior
Lord STOMP::Milwaukee has a better win % than OKC. Does that make OKC inferior to MIL ?
TrojanGrad2001::You can't argue with me if you don't know what it means to have an inferiority complex.
rodneycash2008::how about that UCLA game?
Lord STOMP::UCLA finally got a win after 5 tries.  UCLA are looking good for the future.
TrojanGrad2001::Probably the best thing to happen to USC. Peace out, Monty.
Lakersgetterdone::DAMNNNN You HATERS are still here talking about KOBE ?????
numb1lakefanespn::half of heat fans are also lakers fans.true fact
Mobz24::It's crazy coming to these Laker forums and seeing 80-90% of the posts from non-Laker fans (Heat fans mostly, go figure).
Lakersgetterdone::Seriously !! The game ended Last night hahahaha.  They come to these forums and pray for failure
rodneycash2008::these idiots have more of an obsession with the guy as opposed to hate.
OKCBernie::Cant wait to play the Lakers!!! Dec 7th at the Peake. Dwight better be "100%" by then
rhikes12231985::idiot lakers are gonna win
Lord STOMP::You better hope he is not.  He's a double double machine and he's not even 100% !
OKCBernie::no....but i'll be watching. :)
rodneycash2008::are you playing in that game?
OKCBernie::he better be when he plays us. That game will be a track meet. Trust me
rodneycash2008::did you even know what basketball was before the sonics moved to okc?
Heat_Raptors_BlueJays::no one talks about jeremy lin anymore..... when he faced the Lakers last year it was the biggest story in sports
506 Kahuna::Jeremy Lin got punched in the mouth.  Literally.  2-9 in 31 minutes is pathetic
Lord STOMP::He did have 10 assist . So basically he had part in 24 points not counting if some of those assists were for 3 pointers.
OKCBernie::hes on a scouting report now
Mobz24::That was like at the absolute height of Lin-sanity, and he took it to the lakeshow last year. But like Kobe said, "We'll see him next year."
Brett0346::It's amazing how the lakers player egos now all of a sudden want to play basketball.  pathetic.
rodneycash2008::their egos play basketball?
nba is the worst::vicmo25  K. Bryant 22 Pts, 11 Reb, 11 Ast, 3 Stl     -The funny thing is that this is an average game for Lebron..............LMAO  -=-=-  This kid still here? Lebron's avg game is 27 pts 7 rebs 7 ast and 2 steals - rounding UP
JLEllis88::@ Steven_K_12 you do realize from a 3 position he's supposed to shoot from higher percentage areas on the floor right (easier shots)?
rhikes12231985::but you know what kobe has five rings and lebron chokes lol he cant win again this year lol
Steven_K_12::Lebron has a better 4th quarter shooting % than kobe every year and in the playoffs.
Lord STOMP::I just banned Great Year.  Can't stand trolls who crave too much attention. What does the 2000 NBA finals have to do with 2012-2013 season ?
Great Year In Sports Brothers::KOBE RECORDS:   Kobe= NBA record most missed shots in a regular season&nbsp; Kobe= NBA record most missed game winners&nbsp; Kobe= NBA record most missed buzzer beaters&nbsp; Kobe= NBA record worst shot attempt to assist ratio (this screams selfishness)&nbsp; Kobe= NBA record only finals MVP to not shoot above 50% in a single finals game (he did it in 2009 and 2010)&nbsp; Kobe= NBA record worst shooting performance by any finals MVP in history (40% shooting)&nbsp; Kobe= NBA record of the top 10 scorers of all-time Kobe has the lowest shooting %&nbsp; Kobe= NBA record there are only 13 games in history where someone shot below 50% to reach 50 points, Kobe is responsible for 7 of those 13 games.&nbsp; Kobe= NBA record most missed shots in a playoff series&nbsp; Kobe= NBA record most missed shots in a finals Kobe= 2nd most missed shots in an NBA game&nbsp;  Oh yeah &amp; 68 points against Some 5’1 Chinese actors
JLEllis88::putting "NBA record" in front of a stat doesnt make it a record
ruiz_luis::he also  beat a team by himself in 3 periods.
rhikes12231985::go $@%! your self hater $@%!$
thephenom74::Most consecutive days not getting laid and counting = Great Year in Sports Brothers
nba is the worst::Oh yeah and 81 pts in the modern-era high-scoring game - and guess what, he shot over 50% in that 1
Mole49ers::I can't believe anyone would ever want him on their team.  oh wait.. 5 rings.. nevermind.
rodneycash2008::great year has a sexual obsession with Kobe.
DodgersWinWS08::Also has 4 straight 50 point games...
rodneycash2008::Bynum hurt him self more by going bowling?  Those 15 pound balls must really be heavy to lug around.
DodgersWinWS08::It's the follow through...
OKCBernie::Kevin Martin 23 points off the bench last night. OKC will be just fine :)
rhikes12231985::$@%! okc $@%!$@%
Chris Hansen Dateline.::All he does is Lin Lin Lin no matter what. Got money on his mind he got paid too much. And every time he steps up in the building all the hype goes up, and it stays there.
EL POLLO LOCO RISES::Lakers suck
rhikes12231985::you suck fat dick
rodneycash2008::you're posts are very well thought out.  You keep repeating yourself though.
OKCBernie::Sixers are learning a tough lesson!!! Never, ever, ever, ever, ever do trades with the Los Angeles Lakers. I hope other teams will learn as well
rhikes12231985::$@%! you $@%!$
rodneycash2008::why?
rodneycash2008::thats the Lakers' fault?
OKCBernie::Why?? Look at the mess Philly is in now
OKCBernie::I told ya'll Harden is not a max player :)
DodgersWinWS08::2nd in the league in scoring....better than Durant or Westbrook...
DodgersWinWS08::So I instead of "I told ya'll"....you meant to say "you'll see"???
OKCBernie::Stay tuned :) he will come back down to earth
Heat_Raptors_BlueJays::I get why people hate LeBron (him leaving Cleveland &amp; threat to MJ's legacy) but I don't understand why Kobe has haters unless he took their teams out in the playoffs
_Furious_::Like I said - personally I don't care. I don't hate Kobe - I'm just telling you that many people dislike him because of his personality - that's not just fans, even many former teammates have said the same.
rodneycash2008::Tiger Woods yells at fans on the course?  When was that?
Mobz24::I'd take Smush Parker's word with a grain of salt, if that.
_Furious_::You don't get why Kobe has haters? Let me help you out:  He's a huge $@%!$ - not that I care personally - I don't get into players' personalities; after all, it's not like any of us really know these guys.  But Kobe has to be top 5 most arrogant players in NBA history, and rubs many fans the wrong way.
_Furious_::He has the most fans because he's a winner and a multiple time champion - people love a winner, so they will overlook most other things. Michael Jordan was a jerk also - that didn't stop people from being fans of his.   And I have hours and hours of interviews and quotes and even documentaries to formulate the opinion that he's arrogant. Like I said, personally, I don't care. Many of the all time greats were the same.
Lord STOMP::MJ wasn't arrogant ? Wilt Chamberlain wasn't arrogant ?  The MAJORITY of GREAT sports athletes were or are arrogant.  They have credentials to back it up.
Mobz24::I get that. But Tiger Woods? Yells at fans on the course, and obviously a pathological adulterer. MJ? Gambling issues, fought his own teammates in practice, very public divorce. Point is... to be THAT great, you have to be an a-hole. And if you don't care about personalities, why does this matter to you anyway? Fact is, people understandably do care, but if Kobe did happen to play for your team, you would enshrine him just like the rest of us.
DodgersWinWS08::Why do you think he's arrogant? You judge his personality based on 1 minute media clips? You have no idea what he's like...or what it's like to be him...
rodneycash2008::yet he has the most fans worldwide?
DodgersWinWS08::He will NEVER be a threat to MJs legacy....
DodgersWinWS08::Remember that time the MJ didn't show up in the 4th quarter and the Bulls went on to lose in the finals?....me neither...
Heat_Raptors_BlueJays::wrong
nba is the worst::Note to the moron posting the 2000 Finals stats:  Kobe had an ankle injury in gm 2 that year, resulting in his 8-pt game while playing less than 10 minutes. Ankle injuries take awhile to heal...  Healthy Lebron played 46 minutes in his 8-pt game 4 in 2011
Mobz24::Don't remember the ankle injury, but I do remember his wrist - the glove?
_Furious_::I guess Harden is falling back to reality.
vicmo25::if by reality you mean 20 pts and 7 assists, then I think he'll be ok with falling back down to reality
vicmo25::well of course....but don't tell me that you were expecting 35+ pts per game from him
_Furious_::Those are good numbers, but nothing close to what he was doing the first 5 games or so.
Lord STOMP::He had an alright game last night. But they are paying him too much to have "ALRIGHT" games.
rodneycash2008::he is tired already.
Lord STOMP::Darius Morris has been playing solid.  Hope he stays as  the Lakers backup PG.
Mobz24::He'll be pushed back further on the bench when Blake returns, but I think Blake will definitely have a shorter leash.
Mobz24::No way... D'Antoni loves Blake.
Lord STOMP::I really hope so.
rodneycash2008::I think Morris gets a chance to stay as the main back up even when Blake returns.
vicmo25::Post Shaq and prior to Pau how far did Kobe go.................  oh yea, to management and ask to be traded if they didn't get him help
yorkp24::no one person can win a title by themselves, where is Jordan with out Scottie, Wilt without West, Hakeem without well Horry to hit those awesome clutch shots... Not even the great Bill Russell could do it alone... Stars need help to win...
Mole49ers::without phil jackson and scottie pippen.. jordan doesn't have 6 rings. without all the role players contributing on the bulls championship team.. jordan doesn't have six rings. without kevin Mchale, Robert Parish and the rest.. Bird doesn't win in the 80's. Without dennis rodman, joe dumars, bill lambier, etc.. isaah thomas and the bad boys don't win. pick a championship team that has only one star.  You will never find one.  Ever.  every great player has another great player helping him to the top. Kobe would never win alone and neither would shaq or lebron  get over it.
rodneycash2008::how many would they have won without Kobe?  When has a team won the championship without a good supporting cast?
nba is the worst::No laker fans "act like it was all Kobe" - why make stuff up?
vicmo25::thats not my point.......my point is that Laker fans act like it was all Kobe........well if it was all Kobe why didn't he win when Shaq left and before Pau came
_Furious_::Just goes to show why comparing players' rings is so misleading and unfair.
I Dont Blame General Petraeus::Kobe likes the D.
Fake Agent::Is he interested in the adult industry?
_Furious_::I see what you did there...
Heat_Raptors_BlueJays::Rockets would've been ring-less without Robert Horry
nba is the worst::Heat_Raptors_BlueJays - Rockets would've been ring-less without Robert Horry -=-=-  Speculation is meaningless
Lord STOMP::Oops forgot the Alien Sam Cassell.
Lord STOMP::Or Hakeem and Kenny The Jet.
Heat_Raptors_BlueJays::nah, it was all about Horry .....
NumberOneCaddy::Over the last 2 games, the lakers are ranked last in points allowed per game.
nba is the worst::Post some based on a 1-gm sample size next.  smh
_Furious_::You have any idea how crazy it is to try and extract meaning from two games?
ChrisLA2010::more wins then ey??? i'll take it.
NumberOneCaddy::They will rank last on defense from now on.  The last 2 games are what you will see with D'Antoni as their coach.
