Victoryisallmine::The Magic should try to trade everyone but Nick Vucevuc!
dallasstar94::Great start and great finish!!! Cant say that for most of our games this year!
Meanstreakin::What was not commented on was the horrible ball handling right before the explosion. Mayo completely dogged it slowfooting towards that loose ball, was completely out hustled/ To his credit he responded immediately with hustle, blocked the shot then started the avalanche. Its one of those things I imagine Carlisle overlooks for the chance to dwell on the positive way the whole team turned it up. good show mavs ! here's hoping we still have Carter &amp; marion tonight.
epitome1986::bring dwight to dallas already
RUserious-2::Shawn Marion and Vince Carter are the bright spots in this disappointing season.  I will always respect them for giving their all to the team this year and for not jumping ship.  I hope Cuban appreciates them.
Justinkm83::Approved by the Trade Machine....  Celts would receive Shawn Marion, Chris Kaman, and Eric Bledsoe  Clips would receive Kevin Garnett and Dominque Jones  Dallas would receive Rajon Rondo and Caron Butler  This is the best one I saw all day
Meanstreakin::You are crazy if you think rondo is going anywhere
ck675::Yall really think the celts would do that??
Swish FortyOne::Wow, a sensible fan trade. Way to go sir.
wreckem tech101::no way not Caron Butler back....Rondo o.kay
FanofTexas28::Get the shaving cream ready!
TheRangerDude1.2::Wahoo, they beat a team they should have!  Sort of hard to get into basketball this season... I'm a Mavs/basketball band wagoner though but they are the only bandwagon I jump on... not much into basketball anyway.  Dirt is awesome though.
smokingstogies305::Dirt grows all the vegetables and fruit you eat. Yes dirt is great!
Magic are better than you::Dirt is something you track onto carpet...  You are referring to soil sir!  There is a difference
RangerFanJohn::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=amoy66m  Plus our 1st rounder in 2014 to Milwakee  If only that would happen. Start Jennings and Dalembert along side Dirk, Marion, and Mayo. Collison would look great coming off the bench with Brand, Carter, and Crowder.
wreckem tech101::hahaha I like this trade
cam32191::embarrassing could not describe the magic. wish we still had stan van gundy.
cflip37::Whose some nice young potential guys we can get for redick
cflip37::I was thinking Wroten
_Pyro27::Greg Oden is better.
dogs::RICKY RUBBBBBIOOO
_Pyro27::Greg Oden
dogs::@Pyro http://www.lmgtfy.com/?q=define+imitating
_Pyro27::Wait...... what?
_Pyro27::lol
dogs::I knew this day would come..
_Pyro27::This isn't a folk story. I legit saw them walking around with a coconut in a tutu.
dogs::You texans with ur silly folk stories and standoffs.
_Pyro27::Oh. I heard the Gophers were around them as well. I even saw a crossbow talking to a cup of coffee too.
dogs::idk if thats a quote from a movie but that guy is sitting by me right now.
dogs::no. i cheer for the gophers and timberwolves.
_Pyro27::I heard there was a pineapple with a knife hanging around a homeless man with a torn up t-shirt and a golden tooth. Have you seen him?
_Pyro27::I'm fine. Are you okay?
dogs::u ok
dogs::menos well the vikings made the playoffs, twins bright future but will suck this year, t wolves will prob make playoffs next year if healthy, Wild idk about the wild.
RangerFanJohn::I wouldn't say the Twins have a bright future. They are pretty meh on the farm outside of Gibson and Buxton and they have enormous bad contracts (Mauer, Morneau).
_Pyro27::But Joe Mauer has a healthy scalp and All-Star hair.
menos el oso 41::that is a lot of wishful thinking.... I hope it all pans out for you
dogs::I would. we would be a super  bowl team. We practically made it with favre.
_Pyro27::I team hop all the time. Ain't nothing wrong with it.   -Lil Wayne
menos el oso 41::say what you want but i'm sure you would rather have romo over...  ponder
dogs::u got elite tony romo though.
menos el oso 41::really have nothing against any minnesota teams... I will never team hop though... Stick with em thick or thin... How do you think ive managed to stay sane as a cowboys fan... i mean im not crazy am I....  No. No shhhh your perfectly sane....
dogs::okay, you should be a minnesota fan so you can join the cat group.
_Pyro27::Wait, what?
_Pyro27::What?
dogs::Sorry I was imitating you.
_Pyro27::I don't speak Spanish I think
dogs::What?
_Pyro27::No hablo espanol
dogs::me llamo dogs. no hablo ingles
asdbluecfl::Jaque Vaughn is pissed. Totally just basically sayed this roster sucks.
asdbluecfl::We know it. So many people we need to get rid of. McRoberts, Goose, BB, Turk, to name a few. Plus Nicholsons D SUCKS. Must I go on?
menos el oso 41::da trufh be hurts
Dirk2XMVP::Chris Kaman will be traded by tomorrow. This is why the Mavs don't play him.
RangerFanJohn::Yep, his expiring contract is fairly valuable.
12jordan77::NBA team only scoring 14 4th quarter smells fishy
dogs::Okay I'll put it in spanish. Me fue suspendido por 3 meses y ahora no estoy baneado.
_Pyro27::Something about you getting suspended for 3 months. I don't understand the rest.
MFFL_NS_14::I'm not even Hispanic but I read that easier than before. Like I said, long day.
dogs::oh goody.
MFFL_NS_14::Nope, he was here earlier.  I just remember you and all your cat friends from the Twins-Rangers games.
dogs::i wasnt sure if u were him or not
MFFL_NS_14::Yes. Why?
dogs::do you know who wreckem tech is
badboycheeko::wut
dogs::si
menos el oso 41::dogs, the 2 combined championships Minnesota teams have brought to the city must be satisfying.. =D
amiller244::=D :P
dogs::Minnesota lakers broguht like 20. Prob more than your mavs :P
menos el oso 41::yah, I sincerely feel bad that you have to watch nothing but crap every year....
dogs::none. my teams suck dude.
menos el oso 41::how many of those were you alive to watch.... do pre nba merger titles even count?
dogs::MFFL I was banned for like 3 months. So I stopped being lazy and copied and pasted an apology letter.
badboycheeko::what ?
_Pyro27::Same. This account has been banned so many damn times lol
MFFL_NS_14::Say what?
MFFL_NS_14::Sorry, long day can't read. Texan logic.
dogs::omg i want to punch a baby
menos el oso 41::his username created a conundrum wrapped inside an enigma.. its was a nightmare for the espn mods to handle
MFFL_NS_14::I must be dislexic
dogs::omg do i have to reapeat everything to u texans
cflip37::Really think magic should of been better than what they've shown, a decent portion of their wins were off good teams
asdbluecfl::Big Baby helped. Suprisingly.
badboycheeko::Look out Gary , Vince got you next game baby YEAH MAVS !!!
menos el oso 41::Elton7323 i guess u forgot the heat team who had one of the worse records of all times. ....................... there has been no heat franchise or fanbase before lebrick.... =D
amiller244::=D
asdbluecfl::So true. Lived in Florida my whole life. It was impossible to find a Heat fan till 2011.
OPENLYUGLY::Magic HAVE TO SUCK so they can draft the Lakers next star Center!
asdbluecfl::We're never drafting another center...
chris johnson 558::noel
dogs::I'll be rooting for the Mavs to make the playoffs since my Wolves are too injured to make it.
MFFL_NS_14::Haven't seen dogs around in a while. I miss all those cat pictures. Oh, baseball season how we've missed you.
_Pyro27::Well true. I trolled practically every team the Rangers played, which did include some Ranger fans. Just the dumb one's though. Even though I was giving my opinion on certain things, so I'm not quite sure if that qualifies as trolling or not.
MFFL_NS_14::You mean *Angel fans? With Ham on the team I might just join you this season.
_Pyro27::Baseball season means me trolling the sh.it outta some Ranger fans lol.
_Pyro27::...wut
_Pyro27::Oh ok. That's what I thought I read. Just making sure.
dogs::my wolves wont make it cause of injuries so im rooting for you.
chris johnson 558::we must be honest if phil jackson is coaching this group he wont do any better
OPENLYUGLY::ALL those ex-Magic players in that Lakers/Celtics game UNREAL!
duke_mavs_panthers_braves_::Vince Carter has saved us many times this year. Good win Mavs. Keep the playoff hopes alive!
Elton7323::hate to bust ur bubble but houston that that locked
menos el oso 41::they are so slight.... dont really think were going to make it.. even if we do, we will get swept in the 1st round
0tis Nixon::orlando is the worst nba team i have ever seen
Elton7323::i guess u forgot the heat team who had one of the worse records of all times.
_Pyro27::Or the Mavs team that won 11 games in 1992.
asdbluecfl::We we're playing pretty well before. Everyones injured now.
_Pyro27::Bobcats from last year were worse. And so were the Wizards too.
cflip37::Injuries played a big part of it, still probably wouldn't of made the playoffs, but probably a better record tho
OPENLYUGLY::GOOD!
menos el oso 41::you must not have heard of the Charlotte bobcats
chris johnson 558::bobcats last year ??
cflip37::Thought they could win, but redick decided to play tank commander for tonight
cflip37::nope just wants to hurt his value so can he stay
_Pyro27::Probably just saying "Fu.ck you" to the Magic FO.
dallasmavs258::Well gg Mavs fans, we've had an interesting game. I've changed my mind 2423432 times whether I would rather have won or lost this game, we've had some random poor souls troll a Magic vs Mavs game and some lonely Spurs fans talk about their unusual homosexual feelings for Tiago Splitter. It's been a hell of a night, over and out
menos el oso 41::doesnt matter really.. this season is a scrap for the mavs.... Its this off season im looking forward to when we can see the 3-4 stars the mavs will sign
bjonesspringdale::Someone confessed to loving someone named Splitter?
dallasmavs258::Yep, now I've seen it all
chris johnson 558::harkless will be a future grant hill
Baby_Longo::Reminds me more of TMac
MagicBoltzRays::if Nelson misses an extended amount of time that will hurt our chances of losing games.
chris johnson 558::we will lose by a blow out
MFFL_NS_14::I know a Magic beat writer personally who says you guys are building around Harkless, Nicholson, and Vucevic. What do Magic fans think about that? There's a lot of potential.
bjonesspringdale::You will be luck to get a 2nd round pick for JJ Redick. He's a nice white guy who is lazy and solely spots up for 3's
MFFL_NS_14::Really? He's averaging 15.5, 4 and 2. The Mavs could use a scorer like that. I could name 15 teams who could use that.
OPENLYUGLY::Currently yes, but some things will change.
OPENLYUGLY::Hopefully he goes to a team that will offer a 1st round draft pick. Don't need to take on any salary, unless it's a player who can start.
MFFL_NS_14::She also said there was a trade in the mix. Obviously JJ. Who do you think they'll get if it pans out?
corey407::I put 2 Magic tickets on my windshield to give away when i went shopping, when i came back there were 4
Victoryisallmine::We lost SVG too!
menos el oso 41::L O L what a big difference one player makes....
menos el oso 41::im sorry, you're right... Losing Howard was actually a plus.
OPENLYUGLY::Not just one player dude. Magic have 9 new players.
asdbluecfl::We're just meant to suffer. No. 1 pick here we come...
_Pyro27::Next year's draft is going to suck.
asdbluecfl::Yeah, this years draft sucks, but we're going to get a top pick. We'll get someone productive. Its something...sigh.
Baby_Longo::Julius Randle... Harrison twins...Kacey Hill....
Carlos8946::LMFAO two freaking players!!
_Pyro27::Sorry, I meant this upcoming draft.
LetsGoMavs.::Are you kidding me? Next Year draft as in 2014 is going to be one of the best   Andrew Wiggins Jabari Parker
chris johnson 558::jj want to stay and it's obvious but we could only have him if he take 6 mil a year
vitrylo::OK 5,5 :)
vitrylo::5
chris johnson 558::6 not bad
trizzo23::go boston !!
dallasmavs258::<b>Who the hell is Tiago Splitter</b>
bjonesspringdale::Splitter is a fake name the Spurs gave this guy who was all hype and has not delivered anything noteworthy. If you actually believe someone's real name is Tiago Splitter, you really need help.
wreckem tech101::the leader of the ninja turttles
dallasmavs258::Hahah Rafael, Donatello, Leonardo, Michaelangelo and Tiago
_Pyro27::A bum. That's who.
Carlos8946::You wish you had him thought. So by how many points will we be destroying yall by next game?
dallasmavs258::Pretty much
Baby_Longo::Perfect world would be sending Davis to the Cats for their 2014 first rounder..Redick and Afflalo to the Suns for their 2014 first rounder.. All unprotected of course. :-)
LetsGoMavs.::go Celtics
corey407::its a good thing Magic got Al Harrington.....
asdbluecfl::I heard there not letting him play, since they want to tank and have medical insurance pay his salary.
corey407::would you retire making a couple mill a year cause youre "hurt" i wouldn't either
OPENLYUGLY::I don't know, that's why I asked.
corey407::thats the point
OPENLYUGLY::OH! What his deal anyway? Is he going to retire?
OPENLYUGLY::Haven't seen him.
Abner7716::IS wright 100% on his shots?
HelloMyNameIsKendall::Hopefully the Celts beat the Lakers.
_Pyro27::As does everyone else in the NBA lol
HelloMyNameIsKendall::I just love seeing the Lakers lose.
_Pyro27::Lakers are done regardless. The tension is too high in that locker room between Dwight and Kobrick. Mavs will pass them in the next week.
bjonesspringdale::No one want JJ Redick. He is no better than he was in college.
bjonesspringdale::He's just a white guy who is lazy and wants to spot up at the 3 point line
OPENLYUGLY::Then you haven't been paying attention.
Carlos8946::Splitter &gt; Mavs roster (except Dirk)
_Pyro27::Lol. Good joke.
MFFL_NS_14::Satisfying, but my beard continues to grow.
_Blue...::500 here we come.   But... why?
LetsGoMavs.::I say that to myself also every time I watch a Mavs game this year
_Pyro27::To make the playoffs, that's why.
_Blue...::MFFL, no matter what. Wish I had your optimism.
LetsGoMavs.::I'm just worried we miss the playoffs by 1 game
_Pyro27::Who knows. We'll have to wait and see.
_Blue...::then what!
55jeff7967::Cheaters
corey407::same old song and dance every game this magic team cut it close and lose big in the end
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Magic fans: Who's gona get traded?
trizzo23::no trade...
chris johnson 558::redick and mcroberts
cflip37::I think Redick tried to purposely hurt his trade value tonight
vitrylo::JJ
