luvnbayes::How great is it to be a Spur fan these days?
llaborde::I know I'm a little late, but who else loved the long socks with the throwbacks. Spurs were lookin fresh, I hear it was Timmy's idea. Gotta love the team unity. Go Spurs Go!
Rudy_rush20::Slam dunk on u is a pedopile. Watch your kids
cellus24::For those who didn't see it last night tim duncan talking after the game yesterday about life after basketball http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYN4RYUReR8&amp;feature=channel i think it is going to be his last year but if it is he was truly one of a kind
mwlevine::Actually a pretty good offensive game for the Pacers but SA shot the lights out. Better team won....
slam_dunk_on_u::Well Looks like Boston will take care of these overrated bunch of primadonnas on Wednesday... Say Bye Bye to the little winning streak!
WillGonzo::slam dunk dork
slam_dunk_on_u::Truth hurts doesnt it?
Nonchalant Ag::This dude is an epic loser dont give him the time of day NOVA.
NOVABuffalo::guess we will see if the C's can play when not in their walkers.
slam_dunk_on_u::Those "C's" as you call them just beat the crap out of the Heat, imagine what they are going to do to the spurts!!
Raidersyeahthatsright::Where's that slamdunk moron? LOL!!
cristo.1::Wow, ESPN is actually giving the Spurs some print time, amazing.
hookemzuniga1022::Ive been a spurs fan for 20 years and this is the Deepest team we have ever had in that time. Its crazy.
NOVABuffalo::Spurs continue to roll.  Like the front office mid-season moves to protect TD, TP and Manu.  Just got through watching SportsCenter ---- reason #76 why I hate the Lakers.  2:10 allocated to Lakers-Hornets game!!!!  25 seconds on Lakers issues, 1:30 on  all Lakers highlights, then 10 seconds on Hornets last shot to win.  I don't ever expect it to change, but anyone who says this bias doesn't exist is simply sticking their head in the sand.
cristo.1::That's okay, Spurs fan expects this and likes it. Gives our championships a sweeter emphasis when we can throw in the national media's face. Go Spurs Go
NOVABuffalo::guess I should have said the Spurs-Pacers game got the typical 45 seconds by ESPN.
CandySparker::Team Duncan style still
EscobarSeasonSA::If your smart you'd put a million on Los Spurs.
darealtexasboi::naw pop prob rest the starters the day i bet and be out a milli lol
John Claytons Twin::Pop is a better coach than Phil Jackson.  Phil Jackson always had the best players and most importantly, an owner who OUTSPENT the entire NBA.  Those LA and Chicago teams he had in ring-winning years were usually STACKED with a bunch of well paid role players.  Pop outsmarts those guys.
Andrano::So are u saying that the Spurs haven't been stacked with talent in the past and present.GTFOH!!!!!!!!!! BULLS didn't over spend on anything hence the breakup of the dynasty. The Lakers on the other hand are the Yankees of the NBA
lsiberian::Not sure if srs. Pop has had Duncan, Parker, Ginobli and Robinson bro.
ImOldschool1964::Agreed.
Leonitus_86::Spurs are gonna make some noise in the playoffs this yr.
WeAreTheMIB::The Spurs just keep marching toward title #5.
JimiStreets::It's time for the annual "Just when everybody wrote them off..." bunch of articles as the Spurs once again show they are a good regular season team. Come playoff time, they'll win one series, tops.
slam_dunk_on_u::JimiStreets - It's time for the annual "Just when everybody wrote them off..." bunch of articles as the Spurs once again show they are a good regular season team. Come playoff time, they'll win one series, tops.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  No if they play Memphis in the first round LOL  Not even a playoff series LMAO
cristo.1::Yeah, just like those 4 years when they brought home the championship. "Come playoff time, they'll win one series, tops." You really should pause before you type, you sound really ignant.
jb1919::you talk as if the spurs have never won a championship or four Jimi... your post reaks of envy.
Nonchalant Ag::Well thank goodness your unbiased opinion has absolutely no effect on the outcome of the game.
J-SMOOVE2040::Spurs are a lot better this year dude.
J-SMOOVE2040::Spurs will win the West
darealtexasboi::think he meant in the playoffs no way we catch OKC but the 2 seed is pretty much a lock
Leonitus_86::i love my spurs but i doubt okc will let that go....if they loose 3 in a row, than maybe.
JimiStreets::Okay, let's not get carried away...
tnfins::good job spurs. now lets go take care of business on the road.  good luck to the pacers the rest of the way. I'm happy to see George Hill is doing well.  Miss having him on the team.  go spurs go.
Sam_boy::Legitimate chance to make the finals, our 2nd unit with Tiago, Neal, Manu, Jax, Diaw/ Bonner are good enough to start on any NBA team! Go spurs Go!
JimiStreets::Now you're dreaming...
Leonitus_86::get the fack out of this chat you snatch.
sa_spursfan20::We STAAAAAAAAAAAAACKED!
nccanes73::Timmy can still get it done
JimiStreets::...about once every 3-5 games...
Leonitus_86::suck your moms dyck
andy87jones06::Love duncan. One of the best to ever play.
andy87jones06::I just want to say thank you to the spurs fans for being some of the classiest fans i've seen on these boards. Great win tonight. The spurs are quietly the deepest and most talented team in the league. I'm definitely going to be rooting for you guys to make the finals. Thanks for being a class act, just like your team (other than stephen jackson :p... but i'm sure pop has him under control haha)
Vaquero In The House::I'm not just stating this because I'm a Spurs fan myself but because of the respect I too have for Spur fans.  The way fans at home welcomed George Hill was very classy in itself, a sign that read, "#3 will always be a Spur."  Because I don't reside in Texas, I have to watch the Spurs at a sports bar &amp; the jester displayed last night made me sit there &amp; smile with pride of calling myself a Spurs fan.  Did Lamar Odom or Derek Fisher receive the same warm welcome when they played their former team?  No!  Lots of boos though!  That's probably because their fans aren't bright enough to understand trading a player(s) to another team(s) is a business decision.  Watched the Reggie Miller story on ESPN the other day &amp; much like Indy, one could consider the Spurs from a small town too because they are small market, therefore people assume they can't compete with Los Angeles, Miami, Chicago, etc., etc.  I've heard this throughout the years &amp; I've grown thick skin to it so now it doesn't bother me that much.    So thank you Andy &amp; yes indeed Spur fans are as you stated, "the classiest fans on the boards!"  Good luck to your team as well.
Skullet_Face::Small-market teams, FTW!
andy87jones06::I'm not counting the pacers out. I just am definitely okay with losing this game. Solid loss, if there is such a thing haha. Losing to a team like the spurs is definitely acceptable especially when they're playing like this. I still think the pacers will make the second round of the playoffs, and if we're lucky push miami or chicago to 6 or 7 games. I just wanted to let you guys know that we pacer fans appreciate like minded good sportsmanship fans like ourselves, and you spurs fans embody good sportsmanship and class. Again, great game and good luck to you the rest of the way!
Skullet_Face::Don't count your boys out, bro. They could definitely make some noise in the playoffs.
TWex2120::Love my Spurs.  Always miss George. Hes always apart of our history and hearts. Also its awesome to see so many classy fans on this board. Thank You Fans of all teams!
Robdee999::gg Spurs...
timetodienow1234::Do you all think that the Spurs would have a chance against the Heat in a 7 game series with the way they are playing now. I think they do because they have no inside bigs. Duncan would get 25, Blair would get 15, TP would get 23, Ginobli would get 20 and the rest would get some as well. I think the combo of Steven Jackson and Leonard would slow Wade and TD would harass Bosh and let Lebron get 40 and just keep the rest from getting going. Thoughts?
WeAreTheMIB::Pop and the Spurs would crush LeBron's dreams once again.
Vaquero In The House::timetodienow - Don't forget about Splitter who has come into his own &amp; is not allowing anyone to push him around like last season, no sir, no more Mr. Nice Guy!  He's also allowing for Timmy to take heavy breathers on the bench without any hesitations from Pop to rush Timmy back into the game, prime example was tonight's game.  Ladies &amp; Gentlemen, we have a Spurs team capable of competing against any opponent at this stage of the game.  Bring it On!  Go Spurs Go!
truetopia::Spurs in 5....maybe 6
ImOldschool1964::Chance?  The better question would be, "Do you think the HEAT would stand a chance against the Spurs in a 7 game series?"  To which the answer would be an emphatic, HELL NO!
rhowe982::Yeah Greg P is coaching against what's his name???Spolesttttttttttttrrraaaaaaaaaaaaa
rhowe982::Greg P is by far the best coach in the NBA! Amazing job i wish the Warriors would never havle let him go.
darealtexasboi::of course he is it really isnt close I'm sure anyone who knows basketball would agree
5thRing2011::7 in a row, let's get sum rest and get 8 &amp; 9.......GO SPURS GO!!!!!!!
marat75::Good job Spurs.
Nonchalant Ag::Any chance George Hill comes back to the Spurs through free agency? I know the organization would welcome him back with open arms.
andy87jones06::no way do the pacers let george hill go... great talent, and puts butts in the seats being an indiana product. We need him more than you guys do anyhow haha :p
Foghorn HookemHorns::Don't need another guard. Kawhi is the missing factor for the Spurs they really needed.  Good article on it here: http://www.48minutesofhell.com/looking-back-at-the-trade
JLancerio::Fingers crossed.
marcus-s2981::I said spurs 114 pacers 101  earlier i was close
Lebron_is_the_greatest::Spurs quietly dominating as usual. Heat v Spurs finals Spurs going down in 6!!
WeAreTheMIB::Spurs winning in 6, you mean... ;-)
ddollison::Timmy 9-9 on free throws as well.
Frantismo::Miracle, I don't think I've ever seen that from him! He has improved this year on free throws...
Vaquero In The House::As a Spurs fan not living in my home State of Texas &amp; watching the game at a sports bar, it made me smile with the sportsmanship the San Antonio Spur fans attending the game showed George Hill.....no boos, just a warm welcome with a sign that read, "#3 always a Spur."  That's what make Spur fans special &amp; unique.  Go Spurs Go!
SPEN206209::George Hill so much fit what the Spurs are about. 'Nuff said when Pop said he was his favorite player when he came on the scene in 2008---if I recall correctly, both Tony and Manu were hurt and "Indy George" had to start that season.
JLancerio::Agreed. I think I speak for most everyone when I say that George Hill will always be a member of the Spurs family. Players like him are few and far between, and I'm glad that we can all appreciate that.
Vaquero In The House::I too hated to see George Hill go, but as a fan I know it's was a business decision, however just like Steven Jackson, who knows, maybe one day Hill will return to wear the Silver &amp; Black.  I did notice how Hill &amp; the Spurs players appropriately shook each others hand &amp; hugged one another at the end of the game.  In the meantime, I love our chances in the playoffs, I truly believe the Spurs are the team to beat &amp; they're making believers of others as well.  Go Spurs Go.
LoveBasketball101::Tim Duncan is showing he still can lead a team/have big games.
davisks::I love that a fundamentally sound team just keeps winning.  I still love how Duncan sat out the other night because he was "old"
JoshNeal91::Spurs fans are by far the most graceful winners I have seen so far. No trolls, no a-holes, just fans happy that their team won. Thank you Spurs fans, you have renewed my faith in the system
jb1919::we have our idiot fans like any other team.. we may not have as high a number as others.,.. but they do exist. haha
SPEN206209::It's partly because the Spurs are the only first tier (NBA  NFL NHL MLB) pro sports  franchise in the city/region (including Austin (state capital- 80 miles northeast of SA). We Spurs fans have been blessed with 3  NBA Hall of Famers that have suited up for the Silver and Black that are distinctive in their play and demeanor on the court: George Gervin  "The Iceman"     /  David Robinson  "The Admiral"   / Tim Duncan  "The Big Fundamental" After last season's flameout in the first round, every Spurs fan wishes SA could go all the way and get Championship No. 5 Go Spurs Go!!!!!
philiptarrant::Always can expect a Bulls fan to come in and ruin the good vibes.
BullsNation62::PACERS SUCK
iownamicrowave::How typical is this guy? haha
ImOldschool1964::Midwest folks are salt of the earth.  Thanks for the compliment JoshNeal91
polocash::Easy .. respect good teams and knowledgeable fans ..  disrespect trash talkers who really don't know what they are talking about or stirring the pot
JoshNeal91::I am pretty impressed. You have much better sportsmanship that Bulls, Lakers, and Heat fans.
lmata1981::Yeah, as a Rockets fan, I love talking to Spurs fans. That's because, although the two were heavy rivals back in the 90s, I respect the Spurs franchise, as well as its rich history. I actually know more Spurs history than the Rockets!
polocash::We just try to do the opposite of Laker fans// TY I feel the team is classy and that channels down hill.
philiptarrant::How is nobody else talking about Tim Duncan tying Shaq for 2nd place on all-time double-double list with 727 in his regular season career. Congrats, Timmy!
Rexanilatorz::Kevin love is a double-double machine
nccanes73::his team is a losing machine
philiptarrant::Only other active player with 700+ is KG. Nobody else has even 500, but I think Dwight Howard will eventually be vying for the all-time record as he already has over 450.
Spursdc::I just hope we don't get Denver in the 1st round
Vaquero In The House::Bring on whomever, the Spurs will be ready.............
truetopia::Amen, bro
polocash::Good for Spurs
A11Wor1d::I don't think it matters with this current team with the additions the Spurs made....Anybody the Spurs play aren't going to be as deep as them. Spurs are a bigger, longer team now, so matchups aren't a problem regardless who they play. Prior to the additions, maybe certain matchups would have been a problem. Now, Spurs can matchup against any team in the playoffs. Or should I say on the other side, some teams are now going to have a problem trying to match up to the Spurs,  which is I think was what Pop wanted for a change...
Spursdc::Gasol and Bynum?
lmata1981::If the playoffs started today, it would be against the Rockets. Would be a good series if that happened. I could see the Spurs winning a good six game series.
lmata1981::I can't argue that, as long as all of the games were close.
A11Wor1d::I say in five.....
polocash::Good game on ESPN&gt;
roy hibbert goodest kisser::ok give kisses to all ur misses... hug ur babies extra tight for me tonight... brush ur teeth and look at urself in the mirror and tell urself, im gonna reach for that star... goodnight
NGplayinskillz::Good Game Spurs fans. You guys played the Indiana Pacers really tough. I could definitely see the Spurs in the WCF or in the NBA Finals with how good you guys were tonight. I just hope the Indiana Pacers can get the Win tomorrow night.
Rexanilatorz::Is KLOE still out?
lmata1981::My very hungry Rockets await you guys. Can't wait, see you guys tomorrow night!
playinaround2::Yeah, go beat those other TX teams - fine by us.
roy hibbert goodest kisser::ok... im sorry. im just a little hot headed... gg spurs...
JLancerio::You are forgiven my friend. And good game to your Pacers
iownamicrowave::You always cool down by the end and own up to it. That's what it takes to be man. kisses, kisses.
gt1master_ike::The spurs had this game and let it get close.  SPurs are the best team in the west right now
roy hibbert goodest kisser::NONONONO I HATE THIS SHOW
Julian_h_Lyon::Good game Pacers. Your guys fought until the end and never went away. Pacers &gt; Magic &gt; 76ers and it's not even close.
JoshNeal91::I feel good about our chances in the playoffs. They can play with any team and win
playinaround2::My new favorite East team. This bunch has potential.
JLancerio::Agreed. Things are looking up in Indiana. Just glad they play far away from SA
SB47-Locker10::Quiet nite for SPURS BENCH !!..
SB47-Locker10::LOL :)
playinaround2::The art of sarcasm isn't just saying the opposite.   Kinda confusing saying just what' is the Spurs bench when "bench" players regularly play more minutes than "starters," of course.
SB47-Locker10::YA THEY OUTSCORED THEY PACERS  BENCH BY 20 !! EXACTLY !! My Spurs should've scored  20 more!!
JLancerio::Gotta love that sarcasm
playinaround2::Say what? Outscored Pacer's bench by over 20 pts.
1719719719::Duncan 9-9 on the FT line a very good sign.
Spursdc::luck
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::well i can't complain. spurs deserved to win. try and hold down the west! good game guys
marcus-s2981::I WAS CLOSE ON THE SCORE
roy hibbert goodest kisser::GUESS WHAT... EVERY PACERS LOSS, THE PRICE OF MY SPICEY ITALIAN KISSES GOES UP TO $3.99!!!!!!!
Hollerationatory::Is that you , Manu?
Skullet_Face::GG, Pacers' fans.
roy hibbert goodest kisser::NO. U WILL HAUNT MY DREAMS FOREVER
