ThirtySecondTO::Nets need a consistent scoring power forward.  Humphries can't do it.  Blatche is hit or miss.  I hope that GM Billy King makes a deal soon.  I was thinking perhaps Humphries and a pick for Iliasova from Milwaukee.
timetodienow1234567::I wish D-Will would get into shape.
jrtall3n7::Seemed like the Nets were saving their energy until halfway through the 3rd quarter, because they played the previous night. After that point they played with a lot more urgency. It was looking abysmal up until then.
Theironrod2012::Joe Johnson &gt; Lebron
Super Bowl NFL 11-11-93::What the hell are you sniffing?
TigerMichLion111::..........lol
uconn1511::As a nets fan, that was awful.
Ontario925::If the Nets played their entire regular season schedule against all East Conference teams they would have the best record in the Conference. The Heat seem to play better than the other East Conference teams against the West Conference. Especially teams such as the Rockets whom the Knicks and Nets always have trouble with. That is why the Heat are still on top in the East Conference now.
Credil54::I have made about  $3,000 a month  on average over the past 2 months now by following this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. When I found this site it was on the first page of Google when searching for Sports Betting Systems. This system works and will make you money. Hope this helps a bettor out there not having much luck.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::I heard there were only 4,000 fans at the Pistons games. That is very said. Way to support a franchise Detroit. Oh yea this also goes for the Nets. There were more Lakers fans than Nets fans at the Lakers vs nets game in Brooklyn. What kind of big market is that? Very sad  #PATHETIC
t casey::Bad economy + bad team = A recipe for low attendance.
Ucannotbesirius::Also true.
Ucannotbesirius::The super bowl is behind us now.  Things should pick up.  Historically, the NBA doesn't fair well during football season.  I suspect that the NFL wants to push the Super Bowl back until President's Day that we fans will have Monday off, but it's difficult to pull that off without an 18 game season.  If successful, the NBA's attendance could suffer right until their All Star game.  Thoughts?
gm373777::The Pistons are pathetic.....
I3UTTON::Lol Nets barely beat Detroit. What overrated garbage.
ckonas::nix got $@%!$ handed to them by the WIZARDS(!)
Old joker-3.0::Are you still waxing?
t casey::Although we blew yet another 4th quarter lead, on the bright side, Monroe's been playing much better lately. He's scoring efficiently, rebounding well, defending, and he's actually won a head-to-head matchup with one of the premier centers in the league for a change. Keep it up, Moose.
bamberg1977::Why did Drummond only pay five mins! Not fair, me need cookie!
ZennMasterLurch::hurt back...bummer
Jeff7Kv::I was at the game today (annual thing).  Man....going to a Piston game sucks these days.  That place was 40% full
Jeff7Kv::12,500 attendance?  nnnnah.  That wasn't 12,500 people...almost the entire upper bowl was empty
Ryan8791::Why did Drummond only play 5 minutes? He better be hurt or dying for this to happen. No excuse he's not out there more.
bamberg1977::...most casual fan ever dropping some much appreciated 'effort'.
JonathanGeorgeRD::haha not a fan of either team but saw the box and that Drummond only played five and got pissed. I understand he's hurt, you guys got a stud.
Jeff7Kv::I hope so.  We NEED a stud on this team someday
mattcowboys77::yes he re-aggravated his back.
D.j.1261::hi
D.j.1261::Hey everyone. I work for the Milwaukee Bucks and we are doing a HUGE ticket offer for this Saturday's game against the PISTONS. This link will direct you to the Bucks website: http://bit.ly/bucksdj the promotion code is: bucks
djny2k12::This offense does not complement DWill at all.....when you have a pg like DWill who can distribute the ball and be a facilitator....I don't know why Nets are sticking to iso offense. It's not like Joe Johnson is thriving in the iso offense. The difference is night and day when they move the ball.  Nets can win all they want against bad teams but they need to consistently start beating the better teams.
Wayz112::Why did Drummond only get 5 minutes?
mattcowboys77::back spasms
NjFan11::A win is a win....i'll take it.
detroitpistonsarethebest::I wasn't able to watch... but why did Drummond only get 5 minutes?????? Did something happen?
NjFan11::back injury
Jumeax::from carrying the team
Stephen 45::Man did this board die quickly after the game
TheJTram::Well...it was fun while our home record was at .500. I remember it like it was several minutes ago
NjFan11::Knicks couldn't beat a bad team tonight.
159Yanks::The Wizards that is
159Yanks::Nets play them next
Celtics are too good::wtf Pistons ur supposed to be helping us
thekola::had such high hopes for this team in the off season. thought they would be an upper tier team and a dark horse contender for the title. now, we have to be happy with beating the pistons by 3. SMH
jrtall3n7::Every team around the league is having games like that though
Boyanime::Don't see anyone taking D-Will and his 100 Million Contact. haha
Stephen 45::maybe the Washington Generals, I heard they have a ton of Cap room
Stephen 45::Brook- apologizes after he missed a few shots down stretch last night Deron and Joe- Make stupid excuses to why they lost
Stephen 45::i know im just saying joe and derpn should live up to it if they lose. dont make stupid excuses
TheJTram::Can't blame Brook though...he played his as.s off against the Lakers
Stephen 45::Why i am on hold to getting a dwill bropoklyn t shirt, maybe he will be traded for someone worth while:)
Stephen 45::yep
Porkchop8920::You are THE BIGGEST pessimist
Stephen 45::Joe Johnson 16 points shooting 5-15 from field. f ing pathetic
Super Bowl NFL 11-11-93::Talk about overpaid and overrated.  He makes more than LeBron.
Philip3664::Further and further under .500 the Pistons go. Playoffs really might be out of the question now. No way they beat the Spurs Friday.
evanb1990a::would be nice if Drummond was in the game.
Hi There_::http://gifsoup.com/webroot/animatedgifs/189820_o.gif
DTownSportsLions::Classic
mattcowboys77::Closer and closer to Shabazz
TheJTram::Yeah...we're screw ed
mattcowboys77::13 point lead goodbye put that in the statistics.
Stephen 45::Now we know Why Hawks fans through a party when they got rid of Joe Johnson
Panasak::lollllllllll det $@%!
KORNETS::NETS WIN!!!!! NETS WIN!!!!! NETS WIN!!!!!!!!!!! YEA BABY!!!! $@%!-ONS SUCK'!!!
Stephen 45::DOes any1 else find the Nets music annoying at the end of each tune. That weird high pitched sound lol
Porkchop8920::I liked it at first, but it gets annoying after a while
159Yanks::Time to watch the Caribbean series between Puerto Rico and Mexico.
Biggestrooster::$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
TDRwolff::Calderon is a dead eye shooter   why the F  does he have only 8 points on 7 attempts   ??????????????
Philip3664::Doesnt really look to get his own as much as pass
mlulgjuraj417::All in the first, too.
mdizel2437::THAT'S WHY JOE J SHOULD BE MVP.. HE TOO REAL
iNeeroX::i hope joe johnson sorry $@% isn't happy with this horrible performance just because you make 2 ft's doesn't take away the fact that you were GARBAGE
Stephen 45::in his eyes he just was a little off. then come back with same performance friday. thought jj would score 20 a night in his sleep. same with dwill guess not though
brooklynnets7::Nets fans, that is precisely why you have Bogans in instead of MarShon. Too good defense to pass up.
iNeeroX::i agree but if you watch marshon on defense he hustles and never gives up i would rather him get a few more mins than bogans
Boyanime::DET CHOKE!!!!!!!!
Stephen 45::and Lopez wasnt going to be an all star. still smh!
Stephen 45::he already replaced him! Pistons fans really are stupid!
TheJTram::-_-.......Im just trying to say Lopez is good....god damn
TheJTram::Actually...he can. With Rondo out, he's a possible candidate to replace him
TheJTram::fml chalk this up as another collapse
TDRwolff::The nets gave LA a PAss last night    couldn't throw it in the ocean     and tonight they win     $@%!$@%!
brooklynnets7::WOOOOHOOOO
iNeeroX::great defense tough game but a win is a win
The Original Brooklyn Dynasty::pistons out lost the nets nice! get a winning streak
mlulgjuraj417::Another double-digit lead lost. *sigh*
Stephen 45::I can now sleep much better tonight knowing the Nets beat the Pistons by 3...
