theclown13::Bad officiating,Mavs shoulda won, Lakes got lucky, but they gonna get swept like they did last year to the CHAMPS -Zach Secrease
Sacott03::How come Kareem doesn't get any credit or publicity as someone that had coached Bynum to be the post player he is today. Give the old man some credit, it is his birthday.
tyronefl483::"Lamar Odom is still listed on the Mavericks' roster, but the longtime Lakers forward won't play again this season for Dallas, which acquired him early in training camp after the Lakers' aborted trade for Chris Paul hurt Odom's feelings."  I didn't know that
AceVenturaMavsCoach::Lakers aren't going back to the finals. They're getting benefitted by the refs and there luck will run out. then after this season Metta, and Sessions will be gone
fallback baby::You and Cuban are a--holes!!!
ChiefzandLakerzfan365::Cant wait for Kobe to come back
tennesseejam80::why? so yall can start losing again?
hornsfanatx86::AlaskaHawks Anyone know of a good car to buy? Looking for newer, 2009 an up probably, need decent fuel efficiency and needs to be reliable! Thanks for input  toyota rav 4
Tru3Blu308::Chevy Cruze!!!
hornsfanatx86::im back guys....let the hating begin
elibird123::92jaysfan - Still much more rare for D12 to be injured than Bynum.  <b>Yeah right. Bynum - two injuries Howard - one injury All Howard needs is 1 more injury and he'll have just as many as Bynum <b></b></b>
Lakermagicshowtime::nbakerld Howard shoots a higher % than Dream did. 1 fan likes this. 51 Minutes Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag Lakermagicshowtime You must be dreaming (not pun intended)if you believe Howard is better than Hakeem.He ate Shaq and Ewing for lunch in consecutive years. Awesome in the clutch an endless post up arsenal and an really good ft shooter oh and he was a monster in defense at his peak with MJ retired he was hands down the best player in the game not just the best center.
nbakerld::I didn't say Howard was better.  I said he shoots a higher %.  Can you dispute that?  Or are you just going to make up strawmen arguments for me?
UCLASHOTCALLER::The Lakers are just starting to know each other on the court! New coach, new offensive and defensive systems (with not much practice time), Odom and Brown gone from bench, trade blow up at the beginning of year etc... The Bulls, Heat, Thunder, Spurs all came into camp with the same rosters and systems in place. For that reason and that reason alone they are all ahead of the Lakers but were almost hitting on all pistons!!!!!!!!!!!
Lakermagicshowtime::I say they are peaking at the right time with that being said my hope is that Kobe realize that he dont need to jack 30 shots, our bigs need to be feed and if MWP and Barnes keep this up, they be tough for anyone the best game the LAkers had played all season wasnt the SA game it was the beating they gave Dallas 109-93. That game Kobe scored 30 with 17 shots thats the balance we need, we need Kobe the closer not Kobe the chuker, the team is primed for the playoffs and he will be rested when he comes back
Lakermagicshowtime::A great addition,that show that us fans dont know w t f we talking about,perfect fit for what the team is triying to do. I have to gave Coach credit he did said all along that the team was going to get better as the season progressed and Mitch said that the team wasnt done dealing and now here we are with a team that its reclaiming his place as a western power.Things look good
ATLOlympicyr::Just keeping it real...Sessions is the difference in this team. He's the 2nd off the dribble player we needed to finish or dish at the basket. He's quickly earning the respect of Kobe, and the coach Brown. If they can keep some offensive flow going, this team is good enough to get back to the finals.
rag63top::Wonder if Kobe is going to let Bynum get all those shots when he gets back on the court. I'm guessing no.
malcom1985::comments like this really confuse me. bynum was still getting 15-20 shots, if not more, even with kobe on the floor. he was scoring between 25-35 points a game at one point. the way people talk, it's like bynum took 2 shots a game. grade a $@%!$@%!.
rag63top::Malcome, you probably wouldn't be confused if you knew anything about the subject you are trying to talk about. If you were not just a fanboy and knew anything, you would know that Bynum averages 13 shots per game. Considerably lower than your made up # of 15-20.  But hey, if you come on here and throw #s around people will probably believe you. But the reality is that it makes people with educations realize that you are simply ignorant.
elibird123::The Lakers shoot over 80 times a game. I think Bynum will be able to get his shots, if he's open.
UCLASHOTCALLER::Bynum doesnt need that many shots but he will get more than he was getting prior to Kobes injury thats for sure!
ATLOlympicyr::I thought the 3 - 6 match would be tough for the Lakers until the Session trade. When Kobe comes back if the role players are playing at this kind of level LA will get back tot he finals. If they stand around and watch Kobe score 40, OKC will represent the west.
Cousinbilo::Thanks to my coaching skills we won yesterday.      ` kobe bryant
DannyBoyForReal::Lake show on fire without KOBRICK!
AlaskaHawks::8-2 in last 10. 4-1 with him, 4-1 without. Great call
UCLASHOTCALLER::DannygirlforReal; You think Kobe sucks?
UCLASHOTCALLER::THANK YOU DAVID STERN!!!!!!!!  Howard out, we have both our bigs, we added Sessions who is not that far behind a slightly overrated CP3, bench is playing better and Kobe is getting rest heading into the playoffs. LETS GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Numb1lakefan::bynum knows how to man handle the media and dwight lets the media own him.thats the difference in maturity
nbakerld::D12 has been completely dominating both sides of the court for a few years.  Bynum is great, but let's not get carried away.
Numb1lakefan::i want him to shoot more 3's and hes working on that
Numb1lakefan::howard cant shoot 3's
rag63top::Bynum shouldn't be trying to shoot 3's
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Howard has 0 offensive moves.
Lakermagicshowtime::You must be dreaming (not pun intended)if you believe Howard is better than Hakeem.He ate Shaq and Ewing for lunch in consecutive years. Awesome in the clutch and endless post up arsenal and an really good ft shooter
nbakerld::Howard shoots a higher % than Dream did.
nbakerld::Howard has 0 offensive moves, yet he outscores Bynum and shoots a higher %
PekingDunk::Or learn the sky hook.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Howard and Griffin should beg Olajuwon or Kareem to teach them some moves this offseason.
ACandOJ::Hey now....a dunk putback is kind of an offensive move
Bynum Pulls Down 30::"Pau Gasol reminded me of myself on Sunday, a chip off the old block" - Chuck "the rifleman" Person
Numb1lakefan::bynum is way better than dwight and he already has two rings to back that up..d12 is finished
tjonesiv::Bynum is not and will never be better than Dwight.  even with the way Dwight's been acting, he's still 100 times more mature than Bynum
ATLOlympicyr::Definitely can't use DW as a measurement for maturity...in terms of game, Howard is stronger, and has the legs, but Bynum has more touch around the basket, from 12-15' out, plus he's better from the FT line. Howard can score in the paint. With Howard, your #4  had better be able to shoot from outside because there will be no room to operate down low.
ACandOJ::I wouldn't use Howard as my measurement for maturity....
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Did you just call Dwight mature?  wtf?
Numb1lakefan::howard cant give you 30 rebounds like bynum.he cant shoot 3's like bynum... bynum has upped his game this year
Numb1lakefan::this year bynum passes dwight as the best center in the nba and he's only going to get better
PekingDunk::Give Bynum a few more seasons where he isn't hurt and we'll be able to make a sound comparison.
elibird123::<b>Yeah right. Bynum - two injuries Howard - one injury All Howard needs is 1 more injury and he'll have just as many as Bynum <b></b></b>
Bynum Pulls Down 30::All the muscles in the world can't help you when you herniate a disk!
92jaysfan::Bird was much older and nowhere near as physically fit.
Numb1lakefan::howard is done for those back injuries will stick with you for the rest of your life.lakers made the right choice by keeping bynum gotta give mitch MAD credit
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Larry Bird had the samething, it ended his career
92jaysfan::Still much more rare for D12 to be injured than Bynum.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Ironic that Howard has a season ending injury?
92jaysfan::I'll give you that but right now.... D12 &gt; Bynum
92jaysfan::On crack?? YES.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Dirk(9-28)No-touch-witski?
92jaysfan::I hate Dirk but dont disrespect one of the greatest shooters in the game...
PekingDunk::Dirk hangs out at the perimeter far too much.  That's always the knock on the guy: 7 foot player scoring more outside the paint than inside.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::and the excuse for the 3 freethrow attempts? he's 7 feet tall!
92jaysfan::Even MJ had off games.
PekingDunk::At least he didn't go 3-21 like Kobe did. :(
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Shooting bricks over Barnes and Sessions.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::He sure looked it yesterday
SirCrazyWolf.::Lakers Suck
inglewood247::-Dude....Sircrazy....you still here HATE'N?    -You must don't have anything else on your agenda?
AlaskaHawks::That would explain why you devote so much of your life to trolling laker boards
Sniper13xx::"Does Nike make beanies? I can only fit so many headbands on my five head."    -Lebron
Bynum Pulls Down 30::That's not a head band it's a Kippah, right?
92jaysfan::Is that how you try making friends?
ken b good::FLASH.....Lamar Odom selected in the 2nd round of WNBA draft by LA Sparks
ken b good::Sorry.....Abdi?
brockkies::Bynum is playing well. He is a beast when he isn't being a mental case. It's noted that Bynum doesn't like Kobe, and when Kobe gets back you watch Bynum will go back to his old self. He will get upset Kobe is taking too many shots and Bynum will be a problem again
inglewood247::-I don't have a problem if Bynum starts to take over as long as he stil dominates in the paint and not the arch. Kobe has to understand be a closer, be a game changer but when its working leave it alone.   -we see this with Melo; Knicks felt he was the man that would help them win and the ball always had to be in his hands. Well, we see that this doesn't equal to wins especially with .500 teams.
malcom1985::Kobe will be Kobe, period. That's why people cheer for him, that's why the Lakers is his team. Kobe shouldn't change his game, and I don't see why people would want him to, other than people who just want to tear him down for no reason. I'm a fan of the Lakers, and the Lakers are who they are because of him. Bynum gets plenty of shots, and has put up 30+ points several times this season. Kobe has had bad games, true, but show me one player in the NBA who hasn't had an awful game this season, and every other season they've played. It's the nature of the game, you won't make every shot. Not every shot you take will be perfect. I want Kobe to continue to do what he does best. I want Bynum, Pau, and Ron to continue to do what they do best. That's how the Lakers have won championships in the past, and it's how they'll do it going forward.
brockkies::I agree completely. Kobe is still a beast. As an OKC fan there is only one other person in the league I want taking my game winning shot and that's Durant.  I agree completely with Kobe needing to be a closer and game changer when it's needed. Let these other guys step in and fill the gaps. Bynum and Gasol can do great work when give the opportunity. The 8-22 nights shooting with Kobe need to be non existent. That's too many shots taken and not enough FG% he needs to be working it inside to the big men.
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::Bynum needs Kobe. He realizes that now more than he did before.
PekingDunk::The wins are nice, but Bynum and Gasol also have worse FG% without Kobe there to draw the double teams.  If I recall correctly, Bynum's FG% went down from 54% with Kobe on the floor to 32% without Kobe on the floor because he's commanding all of the double teams that normally went to Kobe.
brockkies::4-1 against Denver, San Antonio and Dallas mind you. Nice little run the Lakers have put together.
92jaysfan::4-1 without Kobe. Are you sure??
brockkies::Lakers seem to be rolling right along without Kobe if you ask me
PekingDunk::So all the Kobe-Bynum interaction/celebration/cheering-for-each-other on the court are just for show?
Bynum Pulls Down 30::Watch the Bynum interview on this website then get back to us.
brockkies::Well it has to be frustrating for Bynum sitting on block watching Kobe chunk up shots and not making a high %age of them. Especially when he has shown everyone what he can do when he gets his shots.
PekingDunk::When Bynum is as unfiltered as they come, somehow I doubt the Hollywood-ness of his interactions with Kobe.
brockkies::Lot of people interact with each other on the court to save face. Happens all the time.
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::Durant's Stats:  With Westbrook : 6.5ppg - 32%FG - 3rpg - 1 apg  Without Westbrook : 30.2ppg - 59%FG - 7rpg - 7apg  Westbrick undisputed DPOY!  ;)
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::lol, you are all humorless ;)
brockkies::It's just not funny sarcasm that's all. Keep trying though you will get the hang of it lol
brockkies::ya lol you getting your stats from Illustrated for Dummies?
92jaysfan::If thats not some fake stats then what is?
92jaysfan::Just not funny. How old are you? 12?
PekingDunk::Obvious humor/sarcasm is obvious?
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::Humor?
92jaysfan::People calling for Marion as DPOY? Really? Hello Marion!!! There is only 3 seconds left!! FOUL HIM DUMB @ss!!!
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::Westbrick is the DPOY. He has done amazing work on Durant all year long. ;)
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::Humorless much?
92jaysfan::You do realize that Durant is still the 2nd leading scorer behind that guy Kobe that takes way too many shots for his age.
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::Nope. Just a laker fan telling the truth ;)
92jaysfan::Is that you Skip Bayless?
johndoe5699::Can we just shut down the WNBA?  So the majority of the players can go back to working in fast food restaurants and serve me food.
inglewood247::- i don't have a problem with WNBA; they generate their own money but most insecure dudes here do. Why hate on them to make a living ball'n cause it's not to your standard of sports?   -I don't see them giving up HOCKEY and that sports is only generates money mostly in your northern states with rating 3.5 during playoffs. Most of those players can ball and beat some NBA players i have seen this personally.
Jai22T::Them woman will ball u
92jaysfan::I got the headline.... When Dinosaurs Collide!!
PekingDunk::I wanna see Brittany Griner vs. Chris Bosh in a fight.
Jai22T::Lakers are winning without Kobe but the Bigs and shooting 15% worst without Kobe.They winning caz MWP and Matt are playing very well.
69Lakers2012::As a Laker fan and I just want the Lakers to win, and it seems to me they could do that better by feeding Bynum early and often.   Kobe is still the man and I'd like to see him play another 3 years which I think he could easily do that if he'd let the young guys do more of the heavy lifting.  Just be around when it counts at crunch time.  Don't get all crazy though because the Lakers CANNOT win without Kobe....
Jai22T::If u watch the games u will see that Bynum and Pau are mentally soft,Bynum is a poor passer from the box and Gasoft is tryin to be a SG,Lakers looking good caz MWP and Matt have found there games without Kobe been there.
winters999::didn't you expect the "lakers are better without kobe" idiots to show up.  even though bynum and gasol both shoot a full 10% worse without kobe on the floor.
DeezBrown::They have been feeding Bynum while Kobe was playing... and they won by feeding the post. Kobe was limiting his shots to around 18ish. But that was like 5 games ago more than a week but no one remembers.
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::DPOY = Westbrook  Again today he will shut down Durant, like he always does :)
johndoe5699::that's a good joke, i am going to plagarize and use it on okc boards
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::I already have  XD
winters999::tony allen should be first team all defensive.
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::You didn't understand the joke, did you? ;)
MorganIsGood99::I wouldnt take Bynum in my lineup....would you??  http://bit.ly/BynumisWACK
winters999::outside of dwight howard who would you take at center over bynum?
fallback baby::Bynum is becoming a go guy late in games. Howard no Way!!
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::Personally, I think Bynum is better. He averages about the same numbers, but gets paid way less $$$.
fallback baby::Twin towers  rule!
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::I definitely would.
AlaskaHawks::Anyone know of a good car to buy? Looking for newer, 2009 an up probably, need decent fuel efficiency and needs to be reliable! Thanks for input
AlaskaHawks::I don't need a family car haha!
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::I know. It sounded a little offensive without it!
DeezBrown::lol the smiley face makes it alright
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::Then go buy a Ferrari you scu.mbag! ;)
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::The 2010 Renault Megane station/wagon works great for us :)
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::Lakers = the gangsters in the West  Barnes = mustached Gangsta MWP = muscular Gangsta Drew = Young Gangsta Blake = ex-Alcatraz convict Gangsta Murphy = Irish Gangsta Kobe = The Boss Gangsta
fallback baby::What's Mike Brown?
92jaysfan::Kobe's assistant head coach.
Jai22T::Forget gangsters we tryin the win a lot of BASKETBALL games and a chip.
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::Humorless much?
DeezBrown::Laker Gang Laker Gang BANG BANG BANG BANG (spoken rhythmically lol)!
DeezBrown::Thats okay I copied Julie's post
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::I couldn't care less for what these 30 year old virgins post.
PekingDunk::Whoa, whoa.  You're giving the Lakers haters material for their "Kobe is a rapist" posts.
Jai22T::Top 20 players EVER 1)MJ,2)Magic,3)Kareem,4)Wilt,5)Russell,6)Bird,7)Kobe,8)TimmyD,9)The Dream,10)BigO,11)Moses,12)Shaq,13)Stockton,14)KG,15)Mailman,16)Barkley,17)Isiah,18)Ewing,19)DRodinson,20)Drexler
DeezBrown::There is no "right" top 20 list but this one is respectable you have to admit.
winters999::have a problem with anyone putting bird ahead of kobe.  bird is 7500 points and COUNTING BEHIND KOBE.  bird now is outside the top 25 all time.  he is still an all time great just not better than kobe.
Jai22T::No
winters999::isn't stats and championships the criteria for greatness?  kobe has more of both.  not to mention having 7500 more points.
Jai22T::Bird is top 10 all day,and my list doesnt go on stats,Bird was great
fallback baby::I'll take Worthy over Drexler!
fallback baby::do they call him big game Drexler?
Jai22T::Like Big game James but he's not over Drexler
DeezBrown::Duncan better than mailman AND the Dream??? KG better than the mailman??? Nice list but mine is a little different on based on biased/opinion... Magic is my favorite player of all time so guess who I would put number 1.
Jai22T::I have TimmyD better then Dream and mailman and Magic is my favorite player also.
winters999::gasol is soft now?  the league has SEVEN guys who are double figure rebounders.  gasol is one of them. but he is soft?  and don't give me that "he is seven feet tall argument"....  there are probably better than 35 seven footers in the league... so they should be getting 10 rpg too right?
AlaskaHawks::There's damn sure not 35 7' guys who start and get 39 minutes a game either
DeezBrown::He has his soft moments...
Jai22T::Pau is super soft,he's a 3point shooter
winters999::but he bust garnett $@% in the 2010 finals.
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::I don't think there are 35 seven footers in the league.
winters999::found a link that said there were 46 in 2009.  trying to find a more updated stat
fallback baby::Things are looking up for the Lakers as long as Metta plays like Ron Artest!
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::As long as everyone plays the way they are right now when Kobe returns, thinks are looking AWESOME :)
fallback baby::Big plus with Sessons!
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::Of course you do. I would be confused otherwise ;)
fallback baby::I agree.
DeezBrown::xxxhawk - Yep, and without Shaq &amp; later Gasol/bynum kobe could not even make the playoffs &amp; never won a playoff series in 3 years.... my point exactly.  Of course he didnt win a playoff series with Smush Parker and Luke Walton... This isnt the lEastern conf. teams are better out west and the Lakers roster wasn't good enough. I guess you say Kobe is always on stacked team because he's been the the finals so many times and to that I say of course those championship teams were stacked. Only good teams make it to the finals geez.
elibird123::2001 Championship Season  Kobe averaged 28.5 points in the Season and 29.4 in the Playoffs while Shaq averaged 28.7 and 30.4. Kobe's performance in the Playoffs was outstanding, leading the team to an NBA record 15-1, but the Finals MVP went to Shaq who had no opposition at all from Philadelphia Oh yeah Kobe led the team in assists as he has done in every year, but a couple. Shaq needs to say thank you Kobe for helping make me the MVP in a lot of those years, since were the reason for about 6+ PPG he got.
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::Well, basketball IS a team sport, ya know?
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::KA-MOTHEREFFIN'-BOOM!
DeezBrown::BOOM
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::Gasol needs to play in the playoffs like he did in the 2010 finals. His passion and skill will be needed for the lakers to win it all this season.
Sniper13xx::Why do people who don't even watch 10 Lakers games in a season make stupid comments about hogging the ball.  Gasoft has been passing up open jumpers all damn season.  He constantly gets open looks from Kobe and he just stands in the triple threat waiting for his man to get back to him.  On the off chance that a big rotates to him he feeds Bynum and gets an assist.  He played the entire season like he was on vacation mentally, which is why the team struggled early.
boom.shaka.::No, Gasol has been a rock all season -- he's given up his looks to let Bynum take over in the low post.  And while he can hit those, I really don't want him taking too many jumpers;  the Lakers are better served when he's distributing the ball to Bynum or Bryant and pounding the boards.
winters999::with all that he was able to outplay that roughneck kevin garnett in the 2010 finals.
DeezBrown::alright I gotcha
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::@boom.shaka. Excactly. Gasol said it himself that he doesn't have to be the "MAN" anymore, like he was in Memphis. Much respect for the guy, he has sacrificed his own game for the good of his team.
boom.shaka.::Asking Gasol to be a power player is like asking Lebron not to choke -- you're wasting your breath.  Gasol is a rock because he's sacrificed his own numbers to do the dirty work for the benefit of the team.
DeezBrown::Gasol makes me upset... at times he takes too long to go for it. He has been a professional but he hasnt been rock all season.
Sniper13xx::Calling Gasol a rock  for the majority of the season is an insult to rocks.  He still finger rolls and misses easy shots that should be an easy dunk under the basket, he constantly gives up rebounds by going up soft and not boxing out, and he gets knocked around on the post constantly.
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::I'd like Gasol to shoot more in the playoffs and get more attention. That should help both Kobe and Drew, especially the latter. If Pau gets doubled, Drew basically gets open shots underneath the basket.
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::He was in a bad mental condition because he was to be traded and he played awfully in the playoffs.
xxxhawk::kobe has to be the star, which has kept the Lakers from even more success. But when he is out &amp; not hogging all the stats it exposes the ridiculous belief that his teammates aren't any good. majority of kobe success has been because of the loaded teams he has played on.
nbakerld::Detroit Pistons won without a star.
PekingDunk::Detroit Pistons won without a superstar*.  Fixed.
Sniper13xx::Wallace was the defensive player of the year.  Billiups has always been a star.  Rasheed Wallace finally played to his potential.  Prince was an amazing perimeter defender, and Hamilton should've been a star.  Do you even watch basketball?
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::Pistons were the one exception. The perfect team, with everyone paving the way.
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::Teams don't win without a leader, a star. Kobe does the most good by just "being there". You clearly are a hater.
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::ummmm......basketball IS a team sport you know. We never said Kobe won anything on his own (except the individual awards).
xxxhawk::Yep, and without Shaq &amp; later Gasol/bynum kobe could not even make the playoffs &amp; never won a playoff series in 3 years.... my point exactly.
DeezBrown::I almost said he isnt a hater but I had to read it twice... Smush Parker and Luke Walton are not the ingredients for a "loaded" team
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::Howard is injured and Bynum plays more games and does more in ratio with the money he is paid. I'm so glad we didn't trade Pau and Drew for that whiny $@%!$ Howard.
boom.shaka.::I can't believe some fools actually wanted the Lakers to give up both for him, but I ain't gonna lie:  I was one of the "Bynum for Howard straight up" people.  I guess that's why I'm a board jockey and not an NBA GM
DeezBrown::They are both Divas
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::I was more into the "Gasol and Bynum for Turkoglu Howard and Nelson" type of guy. But I was way happier with Sessions for Walton ;)
EsPnGuy2877827::Who are you taking to start a franchise? Kobe? http://bit.ly/Whosyournumber1
xxxhawk::Lebron, Durant, Wade, griffin, Gasol, Bynum, howard,...kobe not in top 10.
DeezBrown::You picked griffin for seats not wins right?
PekingDunk::At their primes, I'll take Kobe or MJ.
Lakers 2009-2010 world champions::Both would be awesome.
DeezBrown::Today... LeBron, Durant or D12
DeezBrown::Damn I didnt pick one Laker smh
DeezBrown::Cant convince us that LA is better without Kobe... its stupid to even try.
Tontos Redemption::what IS better is the effort by Bynum and Gasol. Too much standing around when Kobe goes on one of his shooting binges. There's a happy medium in there that the Lakers will need to find if they want to take it all the way.
Tontos Redemption::agreed...and 20 shots would STILL lead the league.....its the 25+ thats gets them in trouble at times
DeezBrown::Of course they get bummed and I dont blame them... when Kobe shoots 20 or less everybody eats
nbakerld::Who is saying they are?
DeezBrown::Shouldve been here earlier. Some dude BayArea or something and a couple of other cats
boom.shaka.::It's time for fun with stats:    According to the haters, Kobe stifles the offense. According to the stats, the Lakers are 8th in the league in assists - above the Clippers, OKC, Miami and Dallas.  So much for the ball not moving....
nbakerld::You should probably lead the league in assists if you have two all-star caliber 7' centers
nbakerld::CP3's Clippers are 13th in the league, and he is the best distributor in the league.
DeezBrown::But not when you have an all star pg??
AlaskaHawks::After Kobe is back and they go 1-0, it's clear using the logic displayed in here, that they would be on pace for 66-0 this year, right haters?
nbakerld::Did anybody claim the Lakers would go 53-13 without Kobe?
nbakerld::Pau played well at the beginning of the season, whether he was "scared" or not.  Most any team would've killed to have a 7' put up those numbers.
DeezBrown::Lets see Fisher was at pg, Metta was shooting 11% and Pau was scared of being traded... Lakers were SUPER fragile at the start of the season.
nbakerld::I'm one of the people you are talking about.  All I'm saying is the Lakers are pretty damn good without Kobe.  This contradicts the sentiment most Laker fans had all season that the team would be awful without him, and that he didn't have enough help.
boom.shaka.::nbakerld - Did anybody claim the Lakers would go 53-13 without Kobe? ====  Not outright, but that's what they're implying.
nbakerld::No, but I think you did.
DeezBrown::Haa you missed the point
Tontos Redemption::yep---The Heat are 1-0 without LeBron, so 66-0 would be a definite without him ... LOL...
Tontos Redemption::Magic number for the Lakers is 4 to clinch the Division and 3 seed. (combination of Lakers wins and Clip's losses)  LAL: SA, @GS, @SA, OKC, @Sac  LAC: OKC, @Den, @Phoenix, NO, @ATL, @NYK  I see a split with SA and easy wins over GS and Sacramento. Tonight's game for the Clippers is pretty significant, although I think the Clippers drop at least 2 games out of their 6 remaining ones.
DeezBrown::Ive been trying to figure what games are w's and l's for the last week haaa... Clips may lose one when they go out east, tonight and the den game. Lakers could lose to GS because it's a back2back and at sac because these fools play down to competition. Lakers have changed their identity a bit so I hope I am wrong
Tontos Redemption::The 2 games vs SA will be key--not only would W's there lock it up for the Lakers, it would go a long way to the Spurs being the 2 seed (which is preferred over OKC being the 2 seed if you are the Lakers)
nbakerld::4-1 without Kobe (and outscoring the season average).  So much for the theory about Kobe completely carrying a garbage team this season.
AlaskaHawks::They're 8-2 in their last 10. So what does that tell you for the previous 5 games with kobe?
DidYouSeeThat36::And I bet he still doesn't get your point, well keep hating
AlaskaHawks::Clap clap clap :)
nbakerld::That they're the same quality team, with or without Kobe?
PekingDunk::4... and 1?
DeezBrown::The most Diabolical hater of them all... AWWW HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE!!!
wsfrounf::Andrew "Thug Life" Bynum
coperk12::I dont know, pekovic is a large angry man
DeezBrown::Need an enforcer why not the biggest mofo on the team
DidYouSeeThat36::I can see Haslem going to blows...T-wolves?
DeezBrown::heat?? No the Clips
PekingDunk::If NBA functioned like NHL and have fights, which team would have the weakest enforcer?
wsfrounf::I have to agree 100% NBA fans always make fun of NHL fans for enjoying violence... Here's your sign.
