BSPN70::The Heat = Goats
Aint Bout This Life Aicyla Edition::go heat stronger than ever
mds1021::It is great to me of how much of a joke Boston is right now.  Doc should cut and run away from all the classless thugs that Boston has.
PatriotsHeat::They are not that bad, considering they lost their best player to ACL, and KG has been limited. Hope they smoke the Knicks in playoffs. Go HEAT!
mds1021::It is great to me of how much of a joke Boston is right now.  Doc should cut and run away from all the classless thugs that Boston has.
mr_abner_james::So, have you heard? Lebron James is the current King of basketball.
Mambaholic 33::Only since he's been 19
SeminoleCounty::So when exactly are the Celtics supposed to start "playing like gods" as one Boston fan put it?
Z Wade::13-26 on the road shows they won't make it out of the first round.
UrJellyBro::Can you imagine what Lebron James' salary would be if basketball payed like baseball? Talk about outrageous numbers.
alphabob17::baseball makes more money thats why it is like that
Z Wade::Partly true, but players get paid more in baseball because there's no salary cap restrictions.
Mambaholic 33::Right, if Kobrick's getting 30M... They would need to pay Lebron 500M
OMAR BIAN::After last Summer's knee surgery &amp; all the days off for D.Wade This is the MOST Important playoffs of his career   D.Wade should be close to 100% health wise He should try to win Finals MVP and prove that he is the BEST SG in the NBA  Remember the only goal left for D.Wade is to be the 3rd best SG of all time behind MJ/Kobe
UrJellyBro::I dont know if hes even close to third best, Michael is far and ahead above Kobe, who is far and ahead above Wade; but im not sure Wade is better than the rest.
Spaceballs the Flamethrower::"Roy Allen is the best draft pick we made this year"  - heat fans
micheal3600::the heat are so good this is all the haters can come up with LMAO get some better material idiot
BSPN70::Goes well with Hondo and KJ.   Must be confusing your mayor and fellow fans.
I Am Tracy McGrady::omg y are people bragging about the win im a celtic fan i knew the heat would win but you almost lost to a average team without their best healthy players
Z Wade::You lost to the Heat the last two seasons in the playoffs when the Celtics had a better roster than they currently have and the Heat's roster wasn't as good as it currently is, so what's your point?
UrJellyBro::Key word in your comment? Almost.
B0SSaL1Nie::almost...
William Mcray Southern Pride::Imagine if Jordan played in this watered down league , hed average 50 points and win 15 titles in a row lol.
micheal3600::MJ is overrated
Mambaholic 33::Because the athletes were so much better and more of them back in day - just like football and other sports, right? Getta clue!
UrJellyBro::Jordan would dominate today just like he dominated in the 1990's; but im not sure if the Bulls team of 1997-1998 could beat this Heat's team. Jordan is a better player than Lebron, i mean hes the GOAT. But Pippen and Rodman dont really compare to Wade and Bosh.
Sportsfanatic3379::Pippen does compare to Wade. Are you forgetting the type of player that Pippen was? Rodman was great on defense and a great rebounder.
lightning_x12::I do agree. I wish Jordan would coach instead of being in the office. He would contribute a whole lot more.
I Beatz my Meatz to the Heatz::Jason Terry is still traveling from that play last night
mdtuzo::"Orlando is a team that, obviously, you see them. I don't want to give them any fuel, but they're terrible," Celtics guard Jason Terry said. ---  lol the guy has no tact...
micheal3600::and no game guess he left that in Dallas
jbarnes1621::"I thought their subs beat our subs if you want to just simplify it," Rivers said.  That happens when your subs for this game are normally your subs subs.....
heavysac420::delonte west banged lebrons mom
BSPN70::Sucks for him
I prefer white rice over brown rice::Hater scan rub it on their neck.
Robbo523::I'd rather cheer for Cleveland then Knicks.
domnyumi::Summer of 2014  Cle homers dream.  Lebron, """Pat, thx for bringing me here, even tho I just got here, we have gone to 3/4 finals now(next summer), I am going to put my LEGACY, in Gilberts hands n go back to a guy that bashed me . still has won only 20 games 3 years after I left, and ""Hope" this time they will bring good free agents in around me ............  U guys are all smokin something.  The reason he left cle was to go to a franchise that knew about winning, can get pieces around him that play welll, and to be set up for a long run.............  And now lebron takes his 3 rings and goes back to cleveland with that sheety roster???24 wins , kyrile shouldnt b on any allstar or all nba teams..  thats a joke
micheal3600::Kyrie is very good
UrJellyBro::Irving is a bad $@% point guard, if you cant at least admit that your bias is bleeding through your comment. But outside of Kyrie, yeah, Cleveland is !$@%!$@ garbage.
digimon.emperorv3::CAN THE KNICKS GET PAST THE FIRST ROUND? ARE THE KNICKS AN NBA TEAM?  <b> LMAO AT THE PATHETIC BLUE LIGHT TROLL</b>
domnyumi::Boston is winning in round 1.  They were a 5 seed a few years ago werent they?  Other than 07   they have always up and down.  Boston is playing the "poor old c's" routine now, but come playoffs,  they have way too much experience to go down to melo and JR.  2. When JR Smith(read Mike Woodsons post game article, under recap from  cle game) admits JR Smith is their 2nd best player, U know things are bad..................  3. RIP NY 1st round 2013
Z Wade::Boston is 13-26 on the road. Hard to win a series without home court when you can't win on the road.
domnyumi::I m sorry NY fans but until melo can prove he can change his game(2 apg this year and he got 2 as rookie), he is the same melo.  HE will shoot(and JR) their teams out of the playoffs.  Jump shooting teams do not win in the playoffs, and with 2 ball hoggs, good defensive teams will stop it.   now U see why those loaded Denver teams never got out of the 1st round except for 1 year that a healthy billups came in 2009.............Carmelo "1st Round" Anthony and Ny  will go out, 4-1 or 4-2 to the C"s.  Doc has everyone believing C's are toast, and they are going to surprise.  Lots of talent, and playoff savy
domnyumi::I am honest. Im a big yankee fan  and they are in separate leagues.  2003 was a tuff world series.  I am from ny.   With that said,  Melo is still Melo.  I watched Fridays game(yes I know it was only 1 loss for them) but watched 2 guys take 61 shots and melo finished with 2 assists.  This was a tied game and an OT game.     13-34 and 2 assists.  When U r that  off, would lebron or wade keep shooting? or do they get their team involved, be a decoy, and pass the ball to the open man.  Melo 's game has not matured ,and Boston will let him go for 40 and shoot himself out of the playoffs like he does every year.... Boston wins 4-2
btiriolo::You can't like the Yankees and Marlins
abdiraxman79::NO ONE can stop the MIAMI HEAT   fans from becoming cavs fans when lebron bolts to play with kyrie irving!!!!!
domnyumi::HAHA   Lets see,  next summer, lebron who just went to 2 straight finals is gonna put his legacy into CLE MGMT's HANDS??  U do know they won 24 games this year with Irving and 2 other lottery pix.  this is 3 years now to get the team better...............HAHAH  Lebron just got to miami.  HE IS NOT LEAVING THE BEST TEAM IN THE NBA TO GO PLAY WITH A BUNCH OF LOSERS.  Pat Riley just said he plans on keepin this team togther 9/10 years..Its on this weeks herald, go look it up
Robbo523::Celtics, Knicks, Pacers and Bulls fans. You're all idiots.
Robbo523::Great game HEATZ NATION!
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>Why Cant ANYBODY knock off the Heat?</b>
Mike91836::Says a Cheat doofus Labomb nuthuggin so called fan since 2010. LMAO at such stupid trolling HAHAHA
.Inuyasha.::LeBeast LeBrawn LeClutch LeDamn
Robbo523::LeBadazz James
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>Repeat then Three-peat followed by Four-peat! LMAO at the Pathetic Jealous TROLLS!</b>
.Inuyasha.::Kobetards can still jump off a bridge but I feel bad for the guy. He took a beating and kept going like a warrior.
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>Why cant B.Worst post anymore? ROFLMFAO!</b>
domnyumi::he did,  its next to this article on the main page on the headlines
MrSushi123::Celtics and all their fans are idiots
77 tyler 77::How many NBA Titles the Celtics have vs The Heat BUCKETHEAD.
CrimsonEyedDeath::Ah, talking about how great your team WAS.  A sure sign that your team sucks NOW, because if your team was any good now, you'd be talking about current events, instead of the past.
Shirt Pants::ha, good call
21numbers..::2 since the Heat joined the league?
MrSushi123::and Knick fans too.. idiots
Sexy_beast_300::Heatmanze... is constipated
Sexy_beast_300::he can't poop
HeatManZE.......::why is tiger trying to cheat?
Kobes Achilles knew the Lakers werent a playoff team::#kobesystem
77 tyler 77::The last couple of years i have gained alot of respect for Kobe. Yes The NBA way to Damm long. The Playoffs take as long as the season. Why is this a Big Deal about The Heat beating a Half Team in The Celtics. I will make you a Bet Now.I bet The Bulls will take them out of The Playoffs.One and Done. One last thing on Kobe,I think he is done,hope not but i believe so. Time for The Lakers to clean House.
Heatle Beatle::Go bet your house on it in Vegas.  See what happens
MrSushi123::Take that bet.. nobody can beat the Heat in a series.. your a moron
21numbers..::77 tyler 77 - Some Slant eye going to tell me about Basketball.LOL  A Boston fan at their best.
77 tyler 77::Some Slant eye going to tell me about Basketball.LOL
HeatManZE.......::good morning heatz nation
BSPN70::To many injuries.  Weak product for the playoffs.   Shorten the season already.
Ro255::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZRX2Arpozdo
21numbers..::I hope for the best  for Kobe.
KingAlex06::I feel bad for Kobe, but not for Kobetards. Dude's got the biggest heart in the NBA.
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Dammmn Kobe
brandonlee561heat22::Craziness
MrSushi123::You are the same color as when i take a $@%!
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::I see Miami still owns Boston.    Enjoy losing to the Knicks in the first round.  That is very embarrassing.
MrSushi123::You are an idiot.. Nnicks will be sent home first round... Melo is a punk  and always will be
305Art::The headline "Big 3 are back" must refer to the referees who hand out Miami free throws like candy
UMiami1994::ref talk is so lame. get over it.
2013 C63AMG::Ask warrior fans how they feel..Lakers 50 FTs  Warriors 16 FTs
2013 C63AMG::Oddly enough, resting their big 3 has helped in miami's favor in the sole fact that their bench players have gotten starter minutes and have improved immensely  I really dislike Kobe and the lakers but I truly felt bad for him. I respect the hell out of his game and his work ethic is probably only matched with Lebron and Durant in the league
brandonlee561heat22::That kobe situation is crazy
MrSushi123::Really not that crazy.. is your comment just an stupid urban remark considering you are a person of color.. the same color as when i take a $@%!?
brandonlee561heat22::Yep
digimon.emperorv3::i dont like the guy but still what happened to him was sad
Kobes Achilles knew the Lakers werent a playoff team::
thethickbob::Not a Kobe fan but thats so lame.
mb144n67156::That's cause this guy is a loser.
digimon.emperorv3::making fun of an injured player your mom must be proud
Kobes Achilles knew the Lakers werent a playoff team::not career ending you can put your tissues away
21numbers..::Kobes Achilles knew the Lakers werent a playoff team - you guys still have a soft spot for Kobe in your heart because he was your first love before Lebron right?  Wow...you're a loser.
digimon.emperorv3::or we could be sad that this might be a career ending injury?
Kobes Achilles knew the Lakers werent a playoff team::you guys still have a soft spot for Kobe in your heart because he was your first love before Lebron right?
21numbers..::Um okay?
Kobes Achilles knew the Lakers werent a playoff team::my moms dead bring up peoples mothers you must be so proud
kyleharris55::Never thought I would say this during the big 3 era. Specifically within their first 3 years but the Heat might have the most dangerous bench in the league.
I Beatz my Meatz to the Heatz::this is actually perfect for Laker fans, instead of a first round exit with Kobe in which they have no excuse, now they can use the Kobe injury excuse
KingAlex06::and if LeBron wins his 4th MVP, laker fans would say that lebron was lucky because kobe was injured
twinsfan184::Please note that when the Heat beat the Celtics, ESPN just considers it another game. But the other way around and it is the greatest story ever told.
KingLebreezy::go twins!
KingLebreezy::nope matt wallbeck
I Beatz my Meatz to the Heatz::is Kirby Puckett still playing?
I Beatz my Meatz to the Heatz::haha it's like that with every team though
KingLebreezy::its too bad that kobe got hurt for realz, never wanna see that for anyone but seriously now we gotta hear lakers' fans talk about "what coulda been" i mean seriously! you're an 8th seed fightin for the last spot! im stayin off all lakers related topics until next year
I Beatz my Meatz to the Heatz::yeah i know, i hate seeing players get injured, not cool
MiamiFan2004::"Orlando is a team that, obviously, you see them. I don't want to give them any fuel, but they're terrible," Celtics guard Jason Terry said.  If a Miami player said that, ESPN would be ripping them.  Loudmouth replacement for calssy Ray Allen basically would not fit on this Miami team.  "Jason Terry is a player that, obviously, you see him. I don't want to give him any fuel, but he is terrible," MiamiFan2004 said.
MiamiFan2004::thanks.
I Beatz my Meatz to the Heatz::oh and good morning sir
nhraven52::You'd think Terry would lay low for a while.
I Beatz my Meatz to the Heatz::wow that guy is crashing fastttt
KingLebreezy::work weekend ill be here swaggin out and choppin haterz 9-5 central standard homiez
MiamiFan2004::GM, KL.
I Beatz my Meatz to the Heatz::what up cuhh
I Beatz my Meatz to the Heatz::i hear ya, do your thing
KingLebreezy::i know dude..im tryin to move on up in the world i gotta work every other right now.
I Beatz my Meatz to the Heatz::sucks you have to work weekends
KingLebreezy::just got to work cuhh i guess its 830-5 lol
I Beatz my Meatz to the Heatz::James Jones &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Melo  thoughts?
MiamiFan2004::GM D
nhraven52::lol
nhraven52::I agree Beatz
I Beatz my Meatz to the Heatz::lol well he called me Beatz
KingLebreezy::LIKE HE DIDNT KNOW WITH THE HUSKY
I Beatz my Meatz to the Heatz::haha, it's duro btw :)
RNYC_125::No one cares about the big 3
MiamiFan2004::5000+ comments about the Heat, 3 about you.  You lose, again, Knick troll.
Weeknick::"Knick troll" lol......good one!!!!
I Beatz my Meatz to the Heatz::the big 15
digimon.emperorv3::i can assure u people care or else you wouldnt be talking about them
furiousBP::I like how the headline went from "Heat come roaring back!" to "Short handed Celtics fade, fall" Maybe they realized "Roaring back" wasn't appropriate against a team missing its best players.
MiamiFan2004::Well, one of their best players, Ray Allen, was there, just wearing a Heat uniform after the insult of the Jason Terry signing.
