phunky58::i keeep telln people nicholson needs more mins he got em last nite and lllook wat happened. goes 7-9 drops 15 pts and they win
sparkeedog1955::If this season goes like it looks like it will, and  Dumars is still heading up the Pistons when the draft happens there is no hope for the Pistons,  Joe needs to retire to the tennis court.
trademarktaz::damn it pistons, oh well... shabazz sweepstakes!
famman1968::Been betting with this online betting system called Sportsbettingstar since early April. In just two months now I have doubled my money. I am still shocked at how well this system does and how accurate it is. You can find this bet system on Google if you search the words Sports Betting System, it was on the first page of Google when I found it.
Mr. Bradford::8-26 in the 3rd. Ouch! Besides that one quarter, the Pistons didn't do too bad.
maize_n_blue1981::omg... pistons lost!   SAD FACE
hackmanjones2013::you feel bad because the magic just lost dwight howard and yet they are still beating up on the pistons. looks like the little white guy from okc might have something yet. im all about whiteguys kicking $@% in the nba. oh, besides the point, jj redick is looking duke-esc. watch out lebron. la flama blanca es en fuego mi mejor amigo
SportsFan9835::your kidding right?
hackmanjones2013::nba is better when pistons are better...having said that...go magic
CG02536::Lol 8 points in the 3rd, 26 points in the entire 2nd half.  47 points in 3/4 quarters.
Murray State Overrated::harkless!
csallstar11::I remember the Magic's frist win against the Nuggets when Magic fans claimed they would be a playoff team...now this board has 200 comments lol what a joke
Magic are better than you::You're an idiot, most of us magic fans know and expect to be in the lottery chase
septimus4::What's your point? The Magic were missing their two best ball-handlers for 6 games. Still missing one of them. They're 3-2 with Nelson on the court (admittedly not against the best opposition, but still.) They have two rookies doing good work in the rotation, plus Vucevic, who might as well be a rookie. This team has nowhere to go but up.   Are they a playoff team? Maybe, maybe not. But if they don't finish with 30+ wins, I'll be honestly surprised.
UCF knights 21::*3-1
asdbluecfl::We never said that we were a playoff team, we just said there are not 8 teams that were looking better than us at that point. And the few comments im guessing is because everyone was out and at the game like me, because we actually go out and watch our team, not just sit around all night trolling random boards...
hackmanjones2013::espn conversation has no space for mature loyal fans
EAGLENATION98::Dirk Nowitzki would lead the pistons to a championship                    nowitz is on bennys
NameThatScrub::jameer nelson is a scrub
EAGLENATION98::your a $@%!$@% scrub get the hell over yourself !$@%!$@
EastCoast_DetroitFan::Mr. D.  Please get a new coach soon.  I hear Phil Jackson is available.  Signed,  Piston Fans
trustdestruction::Phil Jackson wouldn't coach them, they don't have a superstar to give Jackson another ring.
rickyoil::DETROIT JUST CHOKES IN ALL SPORTS SIMPLE
TheJTram::This was very ugly to watch in the 2nd half....-sighs- congrats to the Magic
Telkalynn3013::In a couple years with the youth on the Magic's roster they're going to be NICE
Virgomused::Vucevic, harkless, Moore and Nicholson will be a great bench or starting group in two years.
Virgomused::Agree
1226LAZ::is magicccccccccccccccccccccccccc
CHRISCANNONX::If Gores is going to let this group of disinterested and disengaged beer leaguers go on the road take the names and team logos of the uni's and make them wear masks because they have been stealing your money from day one.
tjolson88::They need to just let Monroe take over. He came out on fire in the 1st qtr, then went MIA. Seems to me they need a new coach.
t casey::tjolson88, that's the most disappointing part about our offense. We don't seem to recognize who our hot hands/best players are. We just seem to run certain sets regardless of what matchups we have in our favor or how well a guy is playing.
ruiz_luis::Bobby brown might not be all that available after DUI 2
mad2bee4::Been screaming that to Pistons fans all season but they keep saying its players to me...
denn19641::Larry Brown and Bobby Brown too.
KHMB1755::Mike Brown is available
flexdafunk::Big Baby n Nicholson is eating Turkey, AWESOME..!
screamingreenz::Teams see Detroit on the schedule, they know 90 points will win the game....in todays case...75
MagicBoltzRays::LOL. Baby couldn't wait to stuff his face with turkey.
mad2bee4::U blame him that Turkey looked good, lol
rem98620::Loves him some dark meat LOL
rem98620::Glen Davis is a hoot!
MagicBoltzRays::Three Stars 1.  Fat Baby 2. Nicholson 3. Nelson
mad2bee4::Mc Roberts an Ayon were big as well...
KHMB1755::New franchise record for the Magic fewest points allowed in a quarter in the 3rd.
beatlepablo::man....i thought this game would be closer, they have similar records
mad2bee4::Magic have played far better this season then the Pistons...
screamingreenz::I cant believe Monroe went to the half with 15 points and finished with 17.
tjolson88::he had 6 boards in the 1st qtr and ended up with 8. thats turrible!
JimDetroitFan95::Pathetic loss Pistons.  Congrats to the Magic fans, you played great in the 2nd, and well the Pistons, not so much.
JimDetroitFan95::I am off to enjoy the Michigan vs Pitt bb game......
WITHNOREGARDFORHUMANLIFE::"let me move a few inches back" -LEBRON'S HAIRLINE-
mad2bee4::Pistons making run on tthe Magic 4th string, lol...
JacksonJenkins::overpaid bunch of fart sniffers. very sad
screamingreenz::Knight went after the money, but his game wasnt ready.  He doesnt know how to run a team...getting outplayed by Jameer Nelson?  SMH.
mad2bee4::Yes he WAS!!!! The season Magic went to fiansl an he got hurt an missed 2nd half of the season...
KHMB1755::Jameer was never an all star
screamingreenz::Jameer is not a top 5 pg in the eastern conference.
screamingreenz::and there are only 15 teams in the east, so at best Jameer is average...if Knight cant match up against him with a year under his belt already, when will he?
UCF knights 21::And...
UCF knights 21::Jameer Nelson was an allstar a few years ago.
WITHNOREGARDFORHUMANLIFE::"I HAVE A $@%!$@" -CHRIS BOSH-
KHMB1755::Magic gaining a psychological advantage over Detroit by winning these two games. Could play a huge role when these 2 teams meet in the Eastern Conference Finals this year.
ruiz_luis::Lmao!
denn19641::JR Eastern Conference Finals
mad2bee4::Oh U got Jokes, lol...
WITHNOREGARDFORHUMANLIFE::"Clark Kent disappears when there is trouble. I on the other hand disappear in the 4th quarters of games" LEBRON
UCF knights 21::Your not funny.
Magic are better than you::Yea Magic!!!
NUPE-NUPE-NUPE::Yea so shouldn't Brandon Knight be better?
t casey::At least Moose seems to be putting in work.
t casey::Damn, Pistons. I can't see the game, but this score is pathetic.
JimDetroitFan95::You are fortunate
t casey::Apparently so. Looks like we didn't come out as tough as we did against Boston or OKC which is sad considering we don't have nearly the level of talent to be taking teams lightly.
JimDetroitFan95::9% in the second half.........................  WOW
denn19641::With the game already out of hands, why does Frank still sticks with the starting five? I understand Rivers wants Rondo to get his streak going. Ohh, I forgot we are tanking for the first pick.
thebullforever::Pistons have to double their point total to avoid a record low.  Lowest 2nd half total is 19 set by Miami in 2000 at Orlando and tied by Charlotte at NY later that year.
denn19641::Back-off this is what the Pistons came for in Orlando. Breaking the record.
screamingreenz::Unbelievable.  Unbelievable.
denn19641::Attention: The NBA will start the lottery for the 2nd over-all pick as the top one has been secured by the Pistons.
SID8791::No, that will be the Wizards for sure!!
denn19641::Pistons have nothing left to offer while Wizards will be much better once Wall is available.
mjsk_g::This is BAD!!! They actually pay these people to play!! WOW!!!!
JimDetroitFan95::I can't blame Frank, he has tried everything with what he has.............
mad2bee4::So all that losing burning out your common sense or what???
JimDetroitFan95::Players lose games.  He has coached them well. The players are not consistent with their efforts and that is the problem.
mad2bee4::ITS COACHING!!!! The plays SUCK, its all BAD jumpers. even the inside feeds are like nails on chalk board to the ears bad just to watch it. But stick to its all the players. Id bet more people would tell you player for player that the Pistons has more talent then the magic an yet the Magic have owned the Pistons this season. Also when a player is not playing hard an its not just one for the Piston but pretty much the entire team then thats your COACHES fault b/c the players dont care what he has to say anymore...
JimDetroitFan95::nonsense.  I watch every Pistons game.
screamingreenz::Pistons ripped offf 10 points in the 2nd half...whoa.
jogle064::Shabazz Help us!!!!!!!!!
wesflannigan::Why is this team so awful man!
