Steven Censored::This is an  example why Cavs fans should stop panicking and let this squad grow into the team we knew they could be.....New coach, new players, some coming off of injury. And give Bennett a chance to get his wind back. It's early in the season. I like how the Cavs march up for teams in the east for the playoffs.
Brian Mao::So far, it looks like Andrew Bynum is once again eating DeAndre Jordan for lunch, just like he used to do with the Lakers. To see Bynum being a contributing NBA player again is good to see.
Mark Slalom Anderson::Blake Griffin is the softest "tough guy" to have ever played.
George Chip Thayer::Tristan told Blake, "Get that weak stuff outta here boy!"
Joe Brooks::If people didn't know before now that the Clippers are a pretender this game should tell them a lot.
Cristefer Young::lmao clips are a 2nd round out
Ali Lukie Ozeir::And the Cavs won't make the playoffs
Nick Collette::Ali Lukie Ozeir It's a bit early to say that, especially since they are in the eastern conference.
Kevin Rui Ning Mao::cavaliers can win 3 in a row!
Sportsbettingstar.com::Heading East hasn't yet paid major dividends for the Los Angeles Clippers, who continue their seven-game road trip Saturday against the Cleveland Cavaliers. The Clippers have split the first two contests on the trip and are just 3-4 against the seemingly inferior Eastern Conference, including an 0-3 mark on the road. The Cavaliers are eager to get back home after dropping to a league-worst 1-10 on the road.   The Clippers are in the middle of the Western Conference pack despite boasting one of the top inside-outside duos in the league in forward Blake Griffin (21 points, 10.8 rebounds) and guard Chris Paul (18.7 points, 11.8 assists). Coach Doc Rivers attributed the underachieving record to his team's tendency to lose focus like it did in the first half of its 101-81 win at Memphis on Thursday. The Cavaliers have to get leading scorer Kyrie Irving back on track to turn things around - the third-year guard was held scoreless for the first time in his career in Friday's 108-98 loss at Atlanta
Bashue Banks::Why did you delete your post on the Grizzles board... you said take MEM as a -1 Fav>>>>SCAMMER >>>>Sportsbettingloser.com
Peter Birnbaum::Griffin doesn't even know how to handle getting shouldered as he picked the wrong time to go after a player.  In crunch time, you need to handle yourself the right way for the team and not overreact.  It takes away from focus of winning the game as he was more interested in the confrontation than realizing that it wasn't the right time to take issue.  If he got punched then fine, but Varejao won't be fined or suspended for his actions as it was just a firm shoulder to the chest getting position.  Not sure it made a difference in this game, but this is how playoff basketball is played and the Clips are still not savvy for physical play even though they potentially have physical players.
Mang Artemio::blake is overrated, all he does is dunk the ball. he needs to develop those low post moves and make perimeter jump shots. if this continues they wont make out to the 1st round
Joseph Duran::Good ol Chris Paul missed 12 of 16 shots. He must be shooting about 40% this year.  Those can't miss clippers have the 5th best record in the West. Just like they were last year.
Ali Lukie Ozeir::Do you know half there team is injured? JJ Reddick,Barnes,Bullouck,DJ just got hurt today. Do you know there learning a whole new offense and defensive system? It's early in the year.Your Cavs aren't going to make the playoffs Enjoy your season. Didn't Kyrie have 0 points yesterday? So STFU! IDIOT!
Chad Wiggins::omg these bums cant make one single shot to put them back in the game... they have had about 7 big shots and have tanked every single one
Davidde Hollingsworth::At what point should the Clippers coach have said to his team, "stop attempting 3-pointers-you all suck?"
Michael Greenawalt::Cavs need to find a way to be more consistent.   Hopefully they can build on games like tonight's
Matt Elmore::Oh, Kyrie Irving decided to get on the scoreboard today, nice going fella!
Matt Elmore::But Mike Brown still sucks
Scott Bricker::Matt Elmore   Cavs should trade Kyrie... he hasn't shot better than 50% in a long time... like 1 out of every 15 games... that's horrible. Even last year it was once every 7-8 games. Also his defense is below avg.  I'm sure the Cavs can pick up a decent shooter for the kid.
Matt Elmore::Scott Bricker Kyrie Irving needs the ball in his hands, but Brown tries to play him off the ball, which is not playing to his strengths. Irving has some of the best handles in the NBA, and is highly effective in pick and roll situations. The problem is, Waiters is almost an identical player. The Cavs should've drafted Barnes from the get-go, because Harrison excels off the ball, spotting up, slashing, etc. Plus he's a very good defender and has nice size at the 3 position
Dakota Mckenzie::wow we are pretty terrible, the last 3 games have been almost unbearable to watch.
Al-Jaleel Sawab::The effort put forth by Blake Griffin on both ends tonight is simply pathetic
Joe Brooks::This is a much better team when Griffin is on the bench, always have been. He doesn't play basketball, just wants to put on a personal show.
Victor Aguilera::wow, DeANDRE made Byenum look like an all-star tonite.        unacceptable!!!!!!
Robert Hawley::Bynum has been playing better recently. he used to be an all star
Marcleen Bavogui::so much for the east stinking when the clippers are getting manhandle
Joe Brooks::That's not the West, it's the Clippers.
Ali Lukie Ozeir::Man handled they lost by 6 points and half of there team is Injured Idiot! If they were in the east they would have be the 3rd seed LOL The only 2 teams above 500% are Pacers and Heat LOL! You know what the NBA should do is get rid of the Eastern conference LOL a 33 team might make the playoffs in the east.
Ali Lukie Ozeir::Joe Brooks So your comparing the Clippers to the EAST LMFAO!
Maurice Willis::go clippers but cavs will make the playoff.
Terry Lear::After watching this game, it's time to take my evening dump.
MiQuel Carniel::I thinking Doc Rivers gave Mike Brown a pass tonight
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Didn't expect Kyrie to outplay CP3 tonight
George Chip Thayer::That was clearly a mistake.
Ali Lukie Ozeir::George Chip Thayer 0 points last night for Kyrie LMFAO!
Chad Wiggins::verajow (sp) making jordan his lady friend
George Chip Thayer::Mao ZeTristan dominates once again
