Tony::It was clear from the beginning, before the blazers were good, that they loved Stotts and bought into his system. Portland spreads the ball around like the Rockets used to do it when they won those championships, with 3 guys all at the three point line. Portland is way ahead of the curve, because the league, in 5 years, will rely heavily on 3 point shots. When Portland is on fire it's contagious, when they are not they give it to Aldridge and Lillard drives the lane. Just think, we haven't even seen McCollum play, another great shooter.
Skunk::Bobcats are better, not the worst team in the league this year.  obviously Jefferson has helped... But 100 in the 3rd quarter?  That's just embarrassing.
Blacklace::The success for the Blazers is due to coaching. This man knows how to coach. In the way he does  substitution is incredible. The Blazers play very loose, that is coaching..
Cyril::The Kemba counter is now at 22-for-74 shooting from the field since Christmas. He needs to work on his shot and find ways to contribute when he's in one of these slumps that he goes through.
John Michael::You know what, i have an interesting topic. Who should enter the All-Star guards? By the way, sorry Sir Kobe but you are not an all-star this season. The west all-star guards especially point guards are so deep: Chris Paul James Harden Russell Westbrook even if Playing hurt Tony Parker Stephen Curry Dungeons and Dragons (which is Eric Blodsoe and Goran Dragic) Klay Thompson even Wesley Mathews has a chance of making the all-star(look at his stats) Monta Ellis I can even put Isiah Thomas on the list Ricky Rubio? Nah, too inconsistent (Sorry)
Anton::Portland always win against weak teams and run up the score and pad the record stats. Can't wait when they play the Heat, oh wait we already destroyed Portland with no LeBron even playing LOL.
Darlene::What a great game...Portland is the best team in the league!  The teamwork, the three pointers,the offense, the defense...Portland has it all!!!Go RIP CITY!!!!
Ish::63% on 33 3's...Holy Guacmole!
Vlad::finally a blazers blowout after all those nailbiters recently
The Natural::70% 3pters
