JJT-WV::Andre Miller is the worst point guard for a team like Denver. He makes the 2nd highest salary and can't shoot the ball beyond 8 feet. His biggest problem is that he turns the ball over at critical times and with the high tempo offense at Denver his slow crawl up the floor gives the opposition time to get back to defend. Now is the time to trade for a good point guard to compliment Ty Lawson.
UNC_title_town::Blake can dunk though.
VivaEspana7112010::memphis needs to get more respect
paul2285::What the hell is Denver's problem at home!?!? They're driving me nuts
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
CHINA511024::I asked a qustion,you will lin is a chinese ?
herb0420::Denver should trade half their team for an all star. They'd probably have a better shot.
Noza303::Let me know when Karl &amp; Nene Hilarious are out of town!!! Even if they do make the playoffs, they aren't getting out the 1st round
Dominic10002::Look at Memphis's record as of today and you got to remember the Z-bo isn't playing yet. Can't wait when he comes back. Go GRIZZ!!!
naddarians::Wilson Chandler will play by march 16  http://www.hoopsworld.com/wilson-chandler-sets-deadline-for-nuggets
Noza303::lol the same Wilson chandler who choked in the playoffs last year against OKC?
yorkdoggto::dwight demanded orlando trade for nash, and apparently ther close to a deal.... rest of the league better watch out http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
Internet-Gangsta::Dam Memphis where the $@%! ya come from...I'm not sleepin on this team...I'm watching
taylorpfister::What was Andre Miller doing at the end, he turned it over and literally walked away and starting pouting. If that doesn't wake George Karl up I don't know what will
Noza303::Miller gave up on this team a long time ago. He's mad Karl never mad him a starter
jayeteee::I don't think he has. He's always been streaky, but Karl does play him too much at times. I'd rather have seen Faried and Hamilton in late vs Miller and Nene.
jayeteee::Taylor was half right, Karl needs to wake up. Again, when you need D at the end of the game, why is Faried always riding the pine? In reality, Karl needs to go, I'm just not sure who we bring in as a replacement.
scottftsr1962::Dunno what Karl's fixation with Miller is??? He can be a solid player, but if he is the money player on this team then Nuggs are done...
ReidScores::Denver is terrible...
Noza303::Gary the lost when the whole team was in their too! Stop repeating what Karl says
gary wheatley::hey Ried, its not that they are terrible, they just havent been totally healthy
CBReal02::Stop $@%!$@%! Nuggets fans..and Afflalo can't guard OJ Mayo. Bad move by Karl.
gary wheatley::the officiating has been horrific all yr long
gary wheatley::the nuggs lost the game cause of so many turnovers but , and Im not blaming them but man where did all these referees come from.  Ive never seen so many ticky tack fouls and so many missed calls its unbelieviable
rc196525::hard to predict officiating anymore......inconsistent doesn't describe it
gary wheatley::I  just said as a whole it has been horriffic.
CBReal02::It went both ways.  Gasol got hammered ALL night with no calls.
super red espresso snowflake::8 assists for OJ.  That's unusual.
Robb3k::battle of the benches
yale203::would you swap your guard for lin if given the chance?
CBReal02::Conley shut down Ty Lawson but he shoulda been in the game at the end in place of AMiller.
Kamikazi02::Ty was a no show as well tonight... Dang it nuggets
ApolloBravo::Nah, Conley is perfect for Memphis.
tds2n::nope, connley is solid.
DUIofMiguelCabrera::No way with Ty Lawson.
Knight_Rider_2000::Go Memphis
DUIofMiguelCabrera::Corey Brewer needs to be barred from shooting the ball at any time, even by himself on the break.
ESPN Just Ejected ME::Man everyone bailed here peace
ESPN Just Ejected ME::Why does ESPN delete your user name if you can just make a new one? Man they are dumb
tds2n::i love playing against the nuggets, because I like to win.
Jerambo2010::sorry I'm really high. I should just go to bed later ho mo :)
tds2n::are you flirting with me? Flattered, but not interested.
Jerambo2010::lol oh no smd smd smd
Jerambo2010::maybe I should get a real account so maybe I'll see my user name on espn haha do people really get on here just for that?
tds2n::yeah, dude - no need to for homophobia. be happy if that's what you are.. If not, let it be. You are being flagged excessively though.
Jerambo2010::lol oh no, I might not be able to chat on espn.com anymore my life is over
Jerambo2010::smd ho mo
ESPN Just Ejected ME::Careful you may be ejected from chat
cane0330::that was one UGLY game, grit and grind at its best...GO GRIZ!!!
ESPN Just Ejected ME::My last name got ejected
sharkboy2421::If our top performer was the reason we lost the game... I don't even.
Jerambo2010::my favorite team is the nuggets. and I smoke nug ^_^ only if they won. It would be a great night
dodgerblue2224::Miller needs to go! hopefully this is his last week
Jerambo2010::I wish birdman wasn't ever a drugee. maybe he'd be a bad-as. minus a few tats too. I hope he doesn't get skin cancer lol
Michael70532::Half the nuggets didn't show up tonight. PS Chandler's reps want a deal by Friday
ESPN Just Ejected ME::This comment got me ejected sorry for breaking the news ESPN
ricksiter9::How many points did Gallo go for tonite? He should be comin off the bench til he heals and get his confidence back.
sharkboy2421::Top Performers Memphis: O. Mayo 22 Pts, 5 Reb, 8 Ast, 3 Stl Denver: A. Miller 14 Pts, 5 Reb, 7 Ast, 3 Stl
JustineS04::And 6 TOs.
knicks_11::i like how these doo-ddoo nugz fans are blaming him..  go cheer mozgov or sumthin .. y'all bunch of nobodies..
gary wheatley::no one is blaming him.  that was a very serious injury he is coming back from.  He will return to form. As a whole, they all need to get ;healthy.
Michael70532::i almost think Mayo is almost better than Gay
tds2n::gay was injured. they're both good, but gay is much better at creating his own shot.
bballboi33::OJ had/has the potential to be a star in this league. he just went through a lot last year. on and off the court issues
bballboi33::STOP!!
Michael70532::fu ck off I'm jst saying
Michael70532::Gay didn't do anything tonight
Michael70532::Gay didn't do sh it tonight it was all Mayo
polobrittney::Not even close
kaukenas793::LAWSON AFFLALO GALLINARI FARIED NENE  if this team DEFENSE , FOR REAL , DENVER CAN WIN NBA ...IS DIFFICULT KARL ???  now DENVER = GOLDEN STATE
kaukenas793::stop +30MINUTES   MILLER - BREWER HARRINGTON
sharkboy2421::Lawson with more turnover than points...  Thats why we lost. Not andre, not karl.
Kamikazi02::This ten games home stand is turning into garbage stand...
Michael70532::Nuggets need a shooter like OJ who is pretty consistent that's what we lack
Mavsfan...::Knick fans still bitter about the trade I see LOL
blazers3333333::come playoff time.... nuff said? when is the last time you guys won a game.  not to mention you have 2 teams right on your heels
knicks_11::come playoff time.. nuff said.. we will get it together.. and i cant for a nugz sweep by the thunder..
Mavsfan...::You guys will most likely be facing the bulls or heat you think you can beat them? I can tell you're an idiot by your spelling but not that stupid
Jerambo2010::^$@%!
blazers3333333::^^^ i dont think this guy watches his own team
knicks_11::how are we bitter.??? . we gave up a bunch of nobodys for a star.. well except for Chandler..
gary wheatley::yeah knick_  what is your record at the moment and how many have you lost in a row.  Also, what was your record when he was out of the lineup and what is it when your SUPER STAR is in the lineup. I rest my case
Michael70532::Jokes on you who's the star in that group?
colintrapp::you're fighting for an 8th seed with a sub .500 record with carmelo anthony on your team.
Mavsfan...::Yeah you gave up a bunch of nobodies for a "star" and how is that working out? LOL
tds2n::I think denver has a good shot at a lottery pick . keep it  up guys.
DenverDiehard35::o ya, 6th seed is def a lottery pick
sharkboy2421::Andre Miller played way better than Ty Lawson yet its Andres fault... Nuggets fans are so delusional, they'll put the blame on Miller/Karl every time.
sharkboy2421::Lawson has more turnover than points...
JustineS04::He is so slow, he turns the ball over, he isn't good on D.
kaukenas793::YOU HAVE SEE THE GAME ???
kaukenas793::DENVER WIN NBA IF KARL DIED
tds2n::dude, i understand being a fan, but statements like that are why your fan base have the reputation it does. that's pathetic.
blazers3333333::crawford, felton, gerald wallace, wesley matthews for ty lawson
blazers3333333::take felton back!
blazers3333333::if i took a sh.t, and then you took a sh.it, why would why would we trade them with each other
JustineS04::Miller for Felton. Fine.
kaukenas793::DENVER WIN NBA IF KARL DIED
nu life::Jesus Christ dude.  I'm not a nuggets fan at all, but that was fu.cked up!!!
JustineS04::No, but take Miller back.
JDyNaStY24xX::Remember when OJ Mayo was compared to Kobe? lol
Michael70532::I would trade for Mayo right now
isnabero::this nuggets supposed to take care games playing at home..not showing up every single home game..disappointed watching millionaire players not giving their best effort..cu buffs play much better defensively..
GerardoE303::andre miller with 6 TOs tonight!!!! Masai its time u have a talk with karl
knicks_11::yes nugz fans are so annoying they are so cocky when their team win against other  loser teams they come in and hate on the knicks when we struggle. go and cheer Mozgov or sumthin   and ur other nobodys doo-doo nugz fans..
Jerambo2010::doo-doo nugz fans? are you even american? lol
rwilliams75::The definition of arrgogance is NY sports fans. You're bound to win championships when you have 2 teams for every sport. Except wait Take away the Giants and when was the last time all those teams combined won a title. Let's not even talk about when the last time the Knicks were relevant, and this year is no exception.
knicks_11::ok old man
rwilliams75::It's only boring to you because you need to go to websters and look up the words. Given your spelling I am assuming you're 12 years old. Go to bed junior.
knicks_11::Shut up. Ur boring.
Michael70532::go suck Melo's co ck
knicks_11::no need to.. no one watches u guys in the NBA...  thats sad.. go and get laid with KoUFAS or sumthin.. U mad ? aha
Michael70532::I vote we call Memphis and ask what they want for Mayo
polobrittney::Better at what than Allen offense?, shooting 3's? Yes but Allen is the better overall perimeter defender!!
tds2n::I agree. that's what makes this team so good.  we don't need oj to score with the first unit, but he's a huge asset off the bench. TA is one of my favorite players. You have to have a hustle guy like that to help the rest of the starters.
tds2n::no way. no team has won without a valid 6th man. no one doubt he's better than allen, but you can't win without a scorrer on your 2nd unit.
DarganGass::I'm a grizzlies fan,but i have to say we are wasting his talent. He should be starting somewhere
knicks_11::I like how mayo just slammed in the nugz face!! WHoooo
tds2n::not for sale. He's our only scorer off the bench.
kaukenas793::DENVER WITH ONE GREAT COACH can WIN NBA BECAUSE HAVE THE BEST ROSTER KARL SUKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
