Craig C-Rious Pearson::Good to see D-Will score 31. Im glad he went to the Kings to finally be a good player. #WolvesNation !
Frank North::yeah I am glad he got out from under Adelman's thumb. Don't get me wrong I love the coach. But I think he was overly critical of D Will and stunted his growth.
Craig C-Rious Pearson::Plus, he was behind the best PF in the league.
Craig C-Rious Pearson::Kinda tough to get minutes being Love's backup.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Jimmer enters, and 16 pt lead becomes 4. Then jimmer goes on to miss 2 shots, turn the ball over, and foul twice before heading back to the bench after 6 mins. Then people wonder why he doesn't get mins, under 3 different coaches.
George Jimas::shhh, you're using common sense. delusional people's kryptonite.
Hayden Turley::look above to mine
Ernest Bagdasaryan::George Jimas Its nice to see people with common sense once in a while when it comes to basketball. Where have you been lol.
John Norland::Derrick - well done,  I never believed the MN press, had you be given a chance in MN you would have made a great team for a long time,  keep up the good work with Sacramento.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::5'9 Pizza guy is balling. Kings on fire !
Bryten Hayes::he's always balling https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBSU0H0OtbE
Brandon Tigues::cousins better make the allstar team this season..don't give me the team record excuse because kyrie irving made it last year and his team record was crap.
Mark Sugimoto::He should be the starting center, but Howard will get the fan votes undeservedly though.
Brandon Tigues::I agree, 22.0 ppg and 10 rebounds>17 and 13
Devin Baranick::Derrick Williams is flourishing.......and all the Wolves got is a moderate defender off the bench..........
Matthew Adam Lee::psssshhh yeah derrick is so consistent that he was starting for my wolves this year. One game and he is flourishing????
Seán De Hoichtúin::I really like the look of the kings. And with Rudy Gay coming in the will be a force i think....Nowhere near OKC, IND & MIA but i hope they make they playoffs.
Ron Schaffer::Derrick Williams has found a new home.
Joe Brooks::Dallas should fine Marion $100,000 every time he throws up a 3-pt brick attempt.
Jdzspace Espn::if they did that, how would he feed his family?
Jason Adame::IT has impressed.
Chad Wiggins::did that senile kings announcer really use leadership and cousins in the same sentence... lmao.... LAUGHER
Robert Reno::Mavs should start Larkin in place of Calderon for a few games and see what happens...he seems to have a good shot
Tommy Romeo::Mavs are losing to a college team tonight.  Derrick Williams isn't even a professional player.
Donna Schott::and Sac Town beats the high school team from Dallas. Nowitzki looked ready for retirement..LOL
Michael Moan::Yup, a college player scoring 33 with 5 steals.
Doug Holmes::NIce call Tommy LOL what a moron
Toni Corine Lopez Nigos::Early in the game Mavs coach rest Ellis n Nowitzki and the Kings pulled away. He sent them back late during the 1st Q and early 2nd Q and the Mavs made a comeback and even led by 3. I don't know what the Mavs coach was thinking by then when He pulled back Nowitski back to bench while He was hot. The Kings made another run and the Mavs never recovered sînce then. What a coaching style.... Unless He wants his team to lose this game....
Tommy Lebowitz::Was watching the Cowboy game, but I'm guessing he thought that he wouldn't need them to beat the Kings.  Carlisle doesn't normally make mistakes like that.
Rolando Mercado::well dirk is on a strict minute managing. they want dirk to be fresh for the playoffs, but dallas might not make the playoffs without giving dirk extra time. dallas needs to find a way to get asik, and somehow keep marion that will go a long way to solidifying dallas as a playoff team.
Tommy Lebowitz::Rolando Mercado Why would the Rockets do a trade that could help us and what do we have to offer them that we could afford to give up?
Rolando Mercado::dallas might be able to become contenders next season if they trade for asik and sign deng in the offseason. it would give dallas a core of calderon, ellis, deng, dirk, and asik. the bench would consist of larkin, marion, crowder, and whoever else they can add.
Nathan Skinner::That's kind of an old lineup. I like Deng and all but his best seasons are behind him. I'm hoping we go after Philly and try to snag Young instead.
Rolando Mercado::Nathan Skinner deng is 28, 28-31 are nba player's best seasons.
Nathan Skinner::Rolando Mercado I know, from what I've seen of him its been mostly digression though. I love Deng but I think if this team wants to advance they need an experienced versatile 3-4 who can score AND defend.
Alan Ogg::why do kings fans jump around like monkeys when D Cousins makes a routine slam dunk? you guys are (6-13)!!!!!  pathetic fanbase... won't be surprised if you dont have a team next year.
Jason Adame::Monkeys?  WTF!
Fjodor Balla::cmon man..don't be disrespectful
Keith Dennis::Don't be upset.. you just lost to a better team.
Chad Wiggins::LOL AT U DALLAS.... YOU PATHETIC SCRUBS... CRAP TOWN IS THROWING SHIZ OFF THE GLASS.... WHAT A JOKE U BUMS ARE. PATHETIC... HOW DID THESE BUMS EVER BEAT PORTLAND...  NBA MAKES ME WONDER.. ESPECIALLY WITH THE OLD TIM DONOUGHY SCANDAL
Joshua Sotello::buddy i see you again lol you must be a gambler they are giving gamblers wins in nfl it was ov on denver and jaguars losing and in the nba its utahin hockey bet hawks after they lose twice i got this on lock follow the patterns not the teams playing or the odds.
Te Winder::its a 82 game season , bad teams beat good-great teams all the time.
Chris Bates::You're an idiot, EVERY team has a bad game every now and then. The Heat lost at home to the Pistons a few games back.  Mavs definitely aren't bums, they already beat Portland, Houston, Golden State.  You don't beat them if you are bums.  Also writing in all caps doesn't make you any cooler, it makes you look like a loser actually.
J Craig Walters::Raptors still kicked LAL last night in their backyard without Gay in the line up. Enjoy paying him his $19M per year:) Go Rap`s!
Randy Dixon::Dallas is just complete garbage...these bums won't even sniff the playoffs
Nathan Skinner::You're an idiot. These bums just beat the best team in the west. One off night does not make a season.
Randy Dixon::Ur losing to the kings by 20 & I'm the idiot yeah makes sense gtfoh...the Mavs are gonna make the playoffs because they did last year right? Wait a minute the garbage Mavs didn't make the playoffs last year dummy
Nathan Skinner::Randy Dixon Its one game. Because last year the team is exactly the same right? You're seriously the most ignorant person I've seen in 20 games on these boards. Congratulations.
Patrick MacKinnon::Jimmer isn't the only white guy on Sacramento now, but they won't pass the ball to Gray either.
Chad Wiggins::ill be surprised if malone will be able to play him... maybe because he is not a scorer.. this garbage hole has ruined fredettes first three years... he may not be able to cut in this league.. but i wont be taking this garbage franchise's word for it... they wouldnt know a player if michael jordan slapped them right in the mouth...
Chad Wiggins::jimmers fault on thortons moronic pass... his bad... he's in the game, gotta be on him
Jim Franz::With Rudy Gay and Derrick Williams, I like Sacto; too bad they're not in the east.
Brian Jones::hey should of stop at Williams Gay is just gonna put up bricks
Daniel Tuggle::If Cousins isn't the Best Center in the NBA, I don't see how he falls past The Second
Rob Horton::Adelman's a joke.  I hope Williams has 50 against the Wolves.
Daniel Tuggle::Isaiah Thomas is the most underrated player in the nba... easily
Brandon Tigues::I agree, I have no ideal why this guy is coming off the bench still
Shawn Bento::Brandon Tigues, what?  He's still coming off the bench even with Vasquez gone?
Brandon Tigues::Shawn Bento  you're right, I forgot they traded vasquez away..nevermind then
