edelspot::Poor Pau. Whipping boy for Lakers fans. Every game I watch I see this guy take at least 1 or 2 charging fouls on D. It takes some heart to do that. Most people consider that good D. You get the ball back.  Seems some of you would prefer he just hack away. Ok...let's get in early foul trouble and use that already thin, unproductive bench even more. Sounds like a smart move huh?  This guy is in a no win situation. How many trade rumors he been through this year? Guy helps you win two, now he's the whipping boy?  The instant the season ends he should clean out his locker and tell Mitch get me out of here. Period.
Jhe1125::here is a stat for all you laker fans.  41-9 thats how bad la's bench got beat
FCStilton43::Steve Blake is not contributing enough.  He's making silly TOs and his scoring with the second unit is down.  Goudelock deserves some minutes.  Also, why does Pau Gasol only have one or two fouls per game?  That's ridiculous.  He isn't playing tough defense.
Qzhoopin72::This has to be the most overblown &amp; overhyped story of the season. First of all...Kobe didn't get  "benched", he got  "subbed out".  If Brown was trying to send a message by benching him with 5:45 left in a game that they were down by 14 points, he sure as hell wouldn't have put him back in the game. The bigger problem all night was that the Lakers got their @$$es handed to them by a possible playoff opponent down the road. My bigger problem was the defensive laziness of Gasol &amp; Bynum.
edelspot::I think the only legit complaint in the Grizz game should be Bynums rebounding. Pau had an off night shooting. It happens. Grizz used 4 big men for a total of 95 min playing time. Bynum &amp; Pau still outscored those 4 guys in less total min. Other than Bynums rebounding your two guys did more than their four big guys.  Meanwhile the Grizz SF, SG &amp; PGs outscored Lakers group at those positions. Box score tells the story.   Like Gisele might say...the towers can't be guarding their big men and their small men all by themselves.
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Who doesn't get benched dude I seen Philly do it a couple of times with Kobe Like Brown did so what's the big  deal He is the coach so hahahaha.
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Coaches call bro hey what can anyone say. No matter if it was the right move or not.
1522scooter::Put in Metta!!!!
1522scooter::Mamba benched--the process of a coach smacking down the Mamba in front of his home crowd....hahahaha
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::See you one of those grown a.ss men that watch WWE as I like to call it MIT( Men In Tights). Lmmfao.
1522scooter::Coach Brown with the Mamba smack down!!! Down goes the Mamba!! ..lol
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Coach is the coach Philly have done it to . You blowing sh.it out of the water. Wasn't even that big.
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::30-19 with a bench that's bottom feeders and the starters carrying the bulk of  load plus with Kobe offensive sea sawing up and down. Got the 3spot in the West right now man ill take the 30-19 in a crammed season. Really if this was a Laker team with  two 7footets , Kobe a real pg with a deep brench I would ? The 30-19 but its not they have the 1st part with Sessions just added. But still no reliable role players no brench depth. But a Win is good and when they lose no excuses. For this team being how it is new coach , new pg I'm not complaining about the 3spot and being 30-19 as of now what so ever . It's other teams fighting for thier playoff lives in the West with more depth than the Lakers. So I give them crediit so damn all the naysayers and haters. Give em hell Double LL.
biggerandbetterthanyou::Kobe caught spooning with derek fisher doll
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Spooning with hell is this the beginning of the 19th century Lmao.
Nostoppage::U win some u lose some but u live u live to play another day...we will bounce back
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Still possible no one knows what the future holds. Even one act as if thier physic but I with you win some loose some. I don't hang my hat one game . Now if  the Lakeshiw were on a big losing streak that's diff. But ppl put way to much on it after every lost. 30-19 giving that the Lakers on of the bottom teams @ bench production and depth. 30-19 at bad imagine the Lakers with a bench. But good game from the Grizz Last night.
mmg430::exactly...still a long way to go..we should get the number 2 seed..maybe 1st..what do u think?
mmg430::just one loss, we'll bounce back, just like we did in dallas..so all of you go eat punanis
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::He not talking about last yr who Cates Dallas swept us yrs they did. But I didn't see nobody eles stop Dallas and please don't be a heat fan or any other fan. And if you are a Mavs fan your team isn't which call showing the NBA why they are the defending Champs. The other 29 teams respect them but don't fear them. Not hating it just looks like no 2peat is in the forecast. last yr is just that last yr. Let's just wait and see this yr.
jrab09::you guys got 4-0'd in Dallas...
Mister Mel::The crowd goes insane trying to will Brown to put Kobe back in the game... and when he does, KB24 promptly ditches Tony Allen and leaves him wide open for the dagger.   Seriously, I don't even know where one problem ends and the next one begins, at this point. Thanks to Mike Brown's "winning culture," this team's got a worse case of schizophrenia than Harvey freakin' Dent.
Dbasurto1::Thats a high amount of losing for the Lakers I can remember being reported so early in the season.
braddah_chris::I can't believe andrew bynum hit that 3 to moose my 2nd half under... $@%!$@ $@%!
Dukaw::benched because he don't see his teammates
WeAreMarquette123::get Haddadi more PT
VikomnLA::If Mike Brown is such a defensive wizard, why hasn't Mike Brown taught Pau Gasol to give a hard foul every once in a while? I don't think Brown is the right fit. And sitting a 5 time champion in the middle of the fourth for more than a minute: Someone remind me how many rings Mike Brown has?
Kobe62pts_Mavs61pts::He prolly sat down Kobe for disciplinary reasons
A-Dude-Playing-A dude-Disguised_as-another-Dude::Hmmm 0 like Lejoke
VikomnLA::Mike Brown is ruining this team. Am I the only one who noticed that Ramon Sessions is now, walking the ball up the court instead of running the ball up before the opponents defense gets set?  The Lakers should have hired Larry Brown!
sidthemagnificent::Mike Brown should start Barnes,with the big four!He meshes very well with Sessions,and he brings a lot of energy from the start of the game!It called setting the tone for the game!Mark my words,the Lakers will be a very dangerous team,in a month,and every team will be trying to avoid them!Just wait and see,when the team start gelling with Sessions on board!
Baw888::Should have kept Fish.
yung hawg44::Noooo way that old man all he did was miss shot after shot hell naaa
VikomnLA::No Way! Instead, Brown should keep Ramon running up the floor instead of having Sessions walk the ball up.
GILYOON@GMAIL.COM::coach b, big mistake.
StillPrettyFlyForAWhiteGuyOC::Funny Pau puts up 16ppg, 10rpg, 1bpg and shoots at 50% and are complaining about him.  Why don't you look at guys like MWP or Steve Blake that are really under-achieving? MWP has a good game once in a while and they praise him. Even his strong point (defense) he shows up once in a while, but you're not saying anything about him right?
2kobeisgood4::gasol shot 4-15 never knew that was 50%
StillPrettyFlyForAWhiteGuyOC::ustna = Laker haters with biased opinions  Gasol recorded yet another double-double in Friday's win over the Blazers. He finished with 10 points and 16 rebounds.  He also added six assists and two blocked shots on the evening. Gasol is not the dominant scorer he once was, but he does whatever his team needs on any given night. One game after coming up one point short of his season-high, he came up one board shy of his best rebounding total on the year. He's consistent in all areas
edelspot::16ppg as a 3rd...and even sometimes a 4th option if I might add. Do Kobetards even realize why every big name trade rumor began and ended with Pau? Apparently some GMs think he got game.
ustna::BTW... I am now going to start calling him "Funny Pau" .  THANKS!
ustna::No one is saying that MWP or SB are among the top 5 at their position....
yung hawg44::KOBE is the lakers with no KOBE there is no lakers and thats it
StillPrettyFlyForAWhiteGuyOC::All you need to do is stop listening to the media. If they say Kobe is shooting too much, most of you will be in here complaining about Kobe like you are about Pau.  Pau is a special player, you can't find 7footers that have game like his besides K Love and Dirk
ustna::Pau does not play like those two....
ustna::Gasol is EASILY one of the top 3 PF's in all of Los Angeles this year.
Mister Mel::Wait, we counting the Clips, too?
kidmandavid::YEAH PAU IS WAY SUPER GOOD
Jai22T::Pau is super at nothing
StillPrettyFlyForAWhiteGuyOC::Only Dirk and Kevin Love have the ability to work inside or out!  I think Aldridge is under-rated, he's like a modern version of Rasheed Wallace the way he hits his jumpers.  Oh and that other PF in LA is extremely over-rated.
Jai22T::KG,TimmyD,ZBo and Dirk been ballin for years at the PF
ustna::I thought Bynum played center?!?!
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::Dirk was a top pf before he was able to work from the inside sooo
StillPrettyFlyForAWhiteGuyOC::PF list  1.Love 2.Nowitzki 3..Gasol 4.Aldridge 5.Griffin
ilikelebron6::blake griffin shouldn't be even close to the top of that list
edelspot::I feel bad for ya OC. Even a Lakers fan can't reason with Kobetards. It's all Pau's fault. He had nothin to do with 2 rings! Kobetards don't realize his role has changed and he's got a well rounded game. They can't fault kobe...so its Pau. Lmao.  Now maybe you'll understand why Kobetards draw the trolls. GL to you man!
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::Bosh puts up the same #s as Pau.. 1Love 2Dirk 3Aldridge 4ZBo 5Griffin* 6Pau/ Bosh
Jai22T::ZBO KLove Dirk Alridge KG
StillPrettyFlyForAWhiteGuyOC::If it weren't for Pau Gasol there's no back-to-back championships.  He's easily top 3PF in the league. Great passing skills, great mid range, and how many bigs play with their backs to the basket? Pau can dominate one on one in the post. You're crazy if you think Pau hurts the Lakers
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::Boshs career #s &gt; Paus
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::exactly my point
Jai22T::He's nobodys top nothing
ustna::He is NOT top 3 PF in the league...LOL  He IS top 3 PF in LA
StillPrettyFlyForAWhiteGuyOC::Pau had a lot of open looks that he usually makes, so maybe that's why you're upset with Pau.  Last night looked like the Grizz wanted the W more and it showed. If Pau hits his usual mid range shots in the first qt, the Grizz don't jump out ahead as much
Jai22T::Im sick of Pau caz he's playing with Kobe and another 7 footer,He has smaller players on him every night HE'S SOFT....
Jai22T::Pau plays so soft vs smaller players its making me sick..
ustna::it's because he IS soft...
Jai22T::Im grown sick of his soft game,its been nice,this should b his last season n LA
Bexindy55::Memphis is another of those small market teams flying under the radar.  They're going to be a force in the playoffs if they stay healthy and play like this.
yung hawg44::lakers will beat the grizzlies anytime they just had a bad night
Jai22T::Grizz is tough we dont want to c them n 7 games
ustna::Why? Because they beat they Lakers? The Lakers have been OVER ACHIEVING....
ustna::Rimfro - I guess I'm trippin'. The Lakers can't hang. They beat the Grizzlies, in Memphis, and the Grizzlies were without Gay and Randolph. It took two overtimes. The Lakers got handled fairly easily last night with a huge free throw disparity. The Grizzlies don't care about your home record, they are just better. The Lakers definitely aren't the third best team in the west.  I agree with  you... Lakers are over achieving this year and it will catch up with them sooner or later.
yung hawg44::oh ok they just had a bad night and the lakers are not the third best your right there the first boyyyyy
Rimfro::I guess I'm trippin'. The Lakers can't hang. They beat the Grizzlies, in Memphis, and the Grizzlies were without Gay and Randolph. It took two overtimes. The Lakers got handled fairly easily last night with a huge free throw disparity. The Grizzlies don't care about your home record, they are just better. The Lakers definitely aren't the third best team in the west.
yung hawg44::you trippen boy hell na they eint the second best team in the west
Rimfro::The Grizzlies have a better record, through as many games, than last year. They'll also have Rudy Gay this time. Don't be a hater. The Grizzlies are probably really the second best team in the west. They arguably have the best front-court in the NBA, Marc Gasol, Zach Randolph, and Rudy Gay. You'll see.
ustna::What does last year have to do with this season?
SoCrazyIJusMightWork::Ustna no because they almost made it to the WCF last year
Jai22T::I agree they played a good team game last night
Bexindy55::Who cares.
MeGaDeUs::you do, you took the time to comment
ustna::Please leave Kobe in the game!  -LA Clippers
MeGaDeUs::leave in kobe so he could start a chuck-fest and go 1 for 9 late in the 4th? i woulda benched his $@% too
ustna::The fact that the Lakers even have a winning record is unbelievable. They are winning despite the fact that they are truly dysfunctional. Impressive...
edelspot::I'm the only player in NBA history who can get a -13 in the 4th quarter of a close game, and have my fanboys absolve me of all blame.  ---kobe---
ACandOJ::My screen may need cleaned but does it say that Mayo had the same amount of rebounds as Bynum??
theBCI::you are correct, 4 each
Yungdubz27::Kobe wasn't the problem though....on the court at least. Defensive rotation was the problem. Pau played a horrible game offensively. Grabe 14 boards though but the effort on the offensive end killed us. Bynum had a monster offensive game but he played like crap on defense.
ilikelebron6::oh. we are "retarted." i suppose that means we are tarts and were remade into tarts once again. stay in school chief.
Yungdubz27::LOL....Kobetard? Why cause I put the blame on the whole team and not just Kobe? + and - means jack $@%!....I know Kobe was part of a 15 - 0 run and he had 11 of those points....whats the + and - on that? I know Pau Gasol shot like $@%! from the jump of the game....I know Bynum wasn't playing defense....OJ Mayo was killing our bench and Tony Allen was 1 step a head of Kobe the whole game...I know Rudy Gay was going off on World Peace and Matt Barnes...but thats right Kobe's + and - was bad so he is the reason why we lost the game.....lmmfao @ Kobetard crap.
Yungdubz27::Quincy Pondexter had a +17 for the night only posting 1 reb and 1 steal and 3 fouls...anybody that uses + and - is retarted.
edelspot::Kobe was minus for the game. Every other starter was plus. Kobe was -13 in about 8 total minutes in 4th quarter.  And a Kobetard defends that?? Lmao.
edelspot::^^^ Kobetard!  To say kobe wasn't the problem is ludicrous. When a team loses blame can be placed in many directions. Kobe was, at the very least, one of those directions. OJ Mayo was going off early in 4th. He's a SG. Wouldn't kobe have been part of that D rotation?  Or how bout kobe was -13 in 4th?  Or only starter that was "minus" on the game?  Nahh. Kobe deserves no share of the blame.  Smh at the Kobetards.
rawdjurz52::When was Kobe benched? and for how long?
Yungdubz27::3 minutes.
smoody FTW::4th qtr, not sure how long. you can find a video of him looking like someone stole his bike though..LMAO
smoody FTW::FINALLY Mike Brown got some balls and seen the problems, bench him so he can check his ego. maybe next time Kobe wont  go ISO on a double team. kudos Mike Brown
sidthemagnificent::LakersNation:The old Lakers dynasties used to lose games,like last night Grizzlies'game!Don't sweat it guys,no big deal!I just hope that MB knows what he is doing with Kobe'benching, and his rotation!
smoody FTW::Mike Brown knows more then Kobe knows
ACandOJ::Based on??
inglewood247::_If you look at the status: the bench production is what hurt us in the end. It has always been the downplay of this team and you finally got a starting unit that is working.   _But, if we didn't pick up role players this year that could come off the bench and product points as well as play defense you get these outcomes. So, not really mad at the lose just needed more energy then Memphis had.
Yungdubz27::I think it would be a good transition from the starters to the bench players if he came off the bench in the beginning of the game and play starter minutes...a la Manu Ginobili or Jason Terry. Barnes play better with Sessions and he can get guys in the flow of the game off our bench. Goudelock should definitly play more. I don't understand why he doesn't.
inglewood247::I agree about playing more of the rookies especially in garbage time. Goudelock could be a good back up if he played more of the system. Not sure if sold on the blake starting session coming off the bench; steve numbers are better this year coming off the bench then starting. 8.5 from the bench and 6.7 starting.......sound familiar? Sniff......Sniff........(Fisher)
Yungdubz27::That is why I believe Sessions should come off the bench....but just get starter minutes. Pluse we need to play Goudelock more. We played Blake Barnes McRoberts Murphy...out of that group tell me who can create their own shot?
ZachC1965::The Lakers were 'plus' with all of their starters except for Kobe...  No wonder he got benched. Dude's been killing his own team for weeks on end...
yung hawg44::ok sure but he has five rings and is gonna have a six after this year even though he sat out and had a minus that doesnt affect him and he dont need pau for a ring.
edelspot::Teams win rings. Players contribute to that. There are many all time greats that couldn't win rings without other great or very good players around them. Magic, kareem, worthy had each other. Jordan had Pippen. Kobes had Shaq and the towers. Bird had parrish and mchale. Need I continue? You kobetards think a team achievement in a game that requires the BEST TEAM to win, seperates an individual player. How many rings did kobe win after Shaq and before Pau? Zero. The same number as any other star without a good team around him.  Kobetards are funny. It's like a battle cry..."he got 5 rings!"
yung hawg44::yea ok thats why he has  not only 5 rings
edelspot::Shhhhhh! Kobetards are napping. You want them to have nightmares???
Rummpd::Memphis is a tough and deep team that could easily win a round or two in the playoffs.  Would love to see a Memphis LAL matchup first round.
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::Also Rudy is the most underrated player in the leauge.. the best player not yet to be named an all star.. and this yr he shouldve been.. but lets be real its absurd to have 2 all stars that arent dubbed superstars from a small market team.. but im so glad hes here for this playoff run the grizz are about to embark on.. it just goes to prove that no telling how far they wouldve gone last yr if he had been healthy.. hell they were a 3ot loss away from the WCF!!
Rimfro::The Grizz will get to the WCF this season. They couldn't buy a call at all this game, yet they dominated most of the way through. This is what they did in the playoffs last year. The scary thing is, they are actually better, and far deeper.
ol skool bockers fan::Lakers lost to a better team simple as that. Who do the lakers have on their bench that can compete with OJ Mayo and Zach Randolph, Memphis bench is almost as good as lakers starters.
1AKERZCHARGERZTROJANZ::Are you serious Lmao the better  that night . I do recall them being blown out by the Flippers the night before and They had been doing bad as of late. While the Lakets been playing so cool roundball. And theres no way in hell Memphis bench as good ss the Lakers starters stop it. Grizz played a good game.
TideCardsTitansGrizzPreds24seven::heres my take.. and yes i am a grizz fan.. but on the whole Kobe subject.. i dont think its a big deal.. He was getting flustered.. it was a bad stretch at the time.. and im sure Mike talked to him and told him to take a breather.. cool off becuz of how frustrated he was.. now im not backing Mike Brown here cuz ive all along thought he wasnt a good HC.. hes just been blessed to have the best players on the teams hes coached.. I was completely surprised when the lakers made him HC.. anyways on to my grizz.. for about a wk this team has looked like they were tryna figure out how to build chemistry with all the sudden changes.. Zbo returning, Arenas signing.. I mean just a lil over a week ago they were at one point 3rd in the west.. but last night they looked like they finally figured it out.. and if zbo has to come off the pine for the time being so be it.. they tried to rush him back to the starting line up to soon anyways.. hes not there yet from a conditioning stand point.. but the Grizz showed how dangerous they can be from top to bottom.. looking forward to the postseason.. hopefully they at least get a 4 seed.. they are good enough and IMO a top 4 team in the West!!!
inglewood247::_The Lakers will make the playoffs so im not worried about them losing during the season. Right now, its all about positioning or seeding and who gets the most homes games for their advantage.   _Lakers still need some work to do; i don't think they will gel that quickly this year with all the turmoil going on. I still think Pau will be traded on the off season for a PF or more premier players to surround kobe last yrs.
Leaving_LasVegas::If Coach Brown didn't bench Kobe the Lakers would have lost by 40 points.
Yungdubz27::Kobe was the one who got the game tied up.
Yungdubz27::No the whole team played like crap on defense...Coach Brown needs a better bench rotation...and play guys that can actually create plays for others and themselves...to try and say Kobe was the reason why the Lakers fell behind by 12 is just dumb...I point out the scoring strectch he had because its funny how he helps ties the game up but then he would be the reason why they lose by 40??? Kobe took a seat because he was frustrated at the defense or lack their of and showed it on the court...that is why Brown benched him and I was happy with that. But what happened when he was on the bench??? Oh pretty much the same thing. Everybody getting torched....why? Cause they wasn't playing defense the whole game.
edelspot::Yes kobe was a big factor in 3rd quarter. That's been acknowledged by all. Then he was a big factor in the first 6 min of the 4th when Lakers fell back behind by 12. Unfortunately Kobetards fail to recognize that. At that point...kobe took a seat. So its all Browns fault???
NBASantas::So glad Santa Z-Bo is back: http://nbasantas.blogspot.com/2012/03/santa-never-left.html
edelspot::Heres the difference between the current kobe, and say a guy like Durant. Westbrook got in foul trouble for OKC last night and sat a while. Durant basically played the role of point forward. He got teammates involved, got 8 assists, and still got his points within the flow of the game. His team responded Kobe most likely would have tossed shot after shot. He's done it again and again despite having two good big men.
inglewood247::Man, please.......i take nothing away from that game; Heat will mop up the OKC and probably any other team in the league beside Chicago.  Those guys are clickin on cylinders; they played a game last week was down by 10 pts then went on 17-0 run. Sounds like the Lakers of old and they won titles.
edelspot::I'm not so sure Chalmers matches up real well against the better PGs in the league either.
Leaving_LasVegas::I still can't see Miami winning without a center, did you see Perkins last night? he dominated them in the paint and Miami had no answer, Joel Anthony was completely ineffective.
edelspot::The more I see OKC, the more I wonder if they're the next beast. Only question I got is if they're maturity &amp; toughness will match their skill in the playoffs. Not a knock. Just a question. We'll see soon enough.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::And held the heat to under 100. Now that's defense.
ustna::In Kobe's defense...he could be KD's daddy. Dude's old
ustna::There is no question....he is not going to "learn" a new way to play at this stage of his career
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::The question is...will kobe learn how to share the ball and not hog it?
ACandOJ::He is in year 16...he is not changing his mentality at this point.  Take the good with the bad...
edelspot::Cmon man. Kobe ain't in his prime, but 33 ain't ancient. I'm talking about a difference in ego and mentality here. Kobes still good enough to make those plays. Question is whether he's willing.
