Antsea91::KOBEAST! Dude was in clutch mode.
gcolvin217::where do people come up with this do it against a better defense nonsense? ive seen kobe absolutely torch bruce bowen, the artist formally known as ron artest, raja bell, aaron afflalo, gary payton, michael jordan(when he was still winning titles)tony allen, scottie pippen, dunk on dwights head, all these people have been all league defenders and in some cases defensive player of the years but you wanna act like it matters whos guarding kobe. thats hatred at its finest.
2g3r::why are people still posting here?
bahkey::Hey just you and me now. LOLOL
TimeToTeachYouSomething::Lebron &gt; kobe
Antsea91::Lebron is better than Kobe when it comes to choking.
gcolvin217::he may lift more than kobe, hes definitely not stronger in the paint then kobe, you ever see kobe do work in the post? i havent seen lebron do it
Qzhoopin72::Lebron is bigger than Kobe, faster than Kobe, stronger than Kobe.....but he's allergic to the month of June!!
Pubert.Mcpheron...::Kobe &gt; LBJ
Pubert.Mcpheron...::I am back...
abenezer44::rather its was with shaq or with gasol and bynum, the lakers greatness main cause has been their length and size, talented big men. kobe has never been the most dominant factor of why the lakers win. reality is kobe has shot more shots than anyone has in the last ten years and has that some will say a mediocre 45% field goal shooting in his career.
Antsea91::Wait, so jackson was the reason the bulls won those championships and not jordan? Seriously gtfo w/ that $@%!
Qzhoopin72::I'm not that sure the Lakers would've won last year even if Gasol hadn't played like such a sissy.....Dallas just seemed destined. One thing is for sure....the Lakers wouldn't have been swept.
Qzhoopin72::Frazier &amp; Monroe won that NY championship....Phil just happened to be on the team.
Qzhoopin72::It's almost comical how people go out of their way to discredit Kobe for any of the Lakers' success....but when they lose, that dead body is always left right on his front doorstep!!
TimeToTeachYouSomething::Wrong... The Lakers lost last year because of Gasol. Had Gasol been himself, I truly believe the Lakers 3 peat last year
Great Toe::Phil won a championship with the Knicks as a player!
Qzhoopin72::How many points &amp; rebounds did Phil average during that Shaq/Kobe run??  I don't overlook Phil's leadership, but at the end ofthe day, THE PLAYERS win championships on the court.
TimeToTeachYouSomething::So according to your logic, they do not even need a coach right? If you think that Phil Jackson did not lead those teams to titles, you are delusional
Qzhoopin72::Kobe's FG%....much like Shaq's poor FT% is a very overrated stat.  Most 2-guards shoot well below 50%....but a guy like Kobe can have a subpar shooting night and still affect the outcome of the game because you have to account for him with more than one player defensively whether you like it or not!! Tell you what...how come SHaq didn't start winning rings in LA until after Kobe became a starter??? After all, he had TWO all-star guards back then....Nick Van Exel and Eddie Jones (who shot &gt;50%)?? No Shaq, no rings for Kobe....and....no Kobe, no rings for Shaq!!!
TimeToTeachYouSomething::Two words... Phil Jackson... And what happened when Phil left (&amp; Shaq too)... Um no playoffs and two first round exits... Phil comes back... NBA finals. Pay respect troll
esdukbrownsnats::So this once again proves that Kobe is better than Lebron
Qzhoopin72::Can't always just go by stats....perfect example is the GSW-Miami game last night.  Lebron is killing for 3 quarters....then shoots 0-0 FG's in the 4th quarter.  To me, that's selfish as hell, when you're the best player in the game (supposedly) but apparently are scared be bold &amp; aggressive for fear of making a mistake.  Lebron may have the stats, but he doesn't have Kobe's heart or killer instinct.
TimeToTeachYouSomething::Lebron's stats destroy Kobe this year
Ball-aholic::false
Pubert.Mcpheron...::I was having a drink at the local pub last night and the barkeep told me that Kobe has bricked over 10,000 shots in his career....is this true?
Matt8442::If he has bricked that many, it's cause he has shot nearly twice as many.....
Qzhoopin72::I'll take a player who's not scared to miss a few big shots that cost you the game, than to have a guy like Lebron with all the skills in the world, but scared to shoot in 4th quarter, cause "I might miss and make us lose the game".  How can Lebron dominate like he did last night, then not take ONE SINGLE SHOT in the 4th quarter, while the heat blows a 12-point lead, then loses in OT to a lesser team of midgets!! That's the difference between Kobe and Lebron....Kobe wants to hit a home run to win the game....Lebron would rather walk with the bases loaded.
pking34::So much for the talking head proposing Kobe should "shoot less"----  Bill Caldwell http://www.nashvillestormonline.com
abenezer44::if lakers want to be contenders kobe does have to shoot way less, bynum has to be the number one option in the playoffs.
Pubert.Mcpheron...::Kobe is the best felony defendant ever to play in the NBA
bahkey::was Kobe 6th. or 7th. in the DNA. line with Miss groupie?
fenerli87::key word there is defendant..The man is playing on one wrist and people still believe Lebron James is a better player? just because your built like a football player doesn't mean you got the heart or guts of a chamion/great player
LeChoke_23::her legs was open to business to several other men that day as well you so angry, you must be related to that white trash wh()re craving that dark meat. lol
Welcome2daGoodBurger::Kobe's 2 handed reverse ally oop was the best
phx090::Kobe made Gasol better, and Gasol made Kobe better. Im tired of hearin all this "Kobe cant win without a dominant bigman." BS. Gasol's numbers went way up in his first season as a laker. mainly because of all the attention drawn to kobe, and when that happened Gasol was and still is wide open under the hoop. See, people like Pubert.Mcfaggot, are the kind of people who want to prove something that's already been proven. KB24&gt;LBJ6  P.S: Get S.H.I.T on Pubert.Mcpheron, and stop embarrasing urself.
DodgersWinWS08::not know who he was??? he won rookie of the year....
bulls49ersdodgersfan::I've actually heard Laker fans say KOBE made Gasol the great player he became...funny to see them actually not know who Gasol was before he helped them win a couple rings
phx090::a couple times, yes. But remember Lebron had a wayyyy better team than kobe had. Kobe had smush parker, and Kwame Brown, Lamar as well. Remember??? Lebrons team sucked for the first couple years, but got 4 or 5 really good role players.
LeChoke_23::and did Shaq ever get out of the 1st round without any superstar teammates?
abenezer44::did kobe ever got out of the first round after shaq left and before gasol came?
phx090::yeah i know who he was he was great in Memphis, don't get me wrong. But kobe helped make gasol an even better player on the court. same thing with gasol. Pau made kobe better as well. And ur wrong, kobe helped Gasol get his rings. Kobe led that team to the finals.
LeChoke_23::we all know who he is.  that dude who got swept 3 times in first round of playoffs. couldn't win a single playoff game until he came to lakers
Pubert.Mcpheron...::"I HAVE NO SON" - Bill Walton
DodgersWinWS08::"I have two DADS" - Pubert.Mcpheron
Pubert.Mcpheron...::Derek Fisher has my vote for MVP
Great Toe::Troy Murphy has been a nice addition.  I don't even notice Odom gone anymore, maybe he should get some consideration?
JacobJcn31::your mom has my vote
DodgersWinWS08::over Luke Walton and Meta World Peace.....you're crazy!
Pubert.Mcpheron...::Vanessa Bryant just sent me a friend request on Facebook
Zonker40::No real friends eh?
BCMCubs::I wonder what Rasheed Wallace is up to these days
Pubert.Mcpheron...::How many times has Andrew Bynum been an All Star?
twentyanite::he will be this year and starter for the west. how you luv that
JacobJcn31::wasnt talking to you haha
JacobJcn31::man your cool talking $@%! threw a computer screen
Zonker40::Yup... winning an argument on the internet makes you cool... that's the famous quote, right?
Zonker40::How many times has someone cared about your opinion?
JacobJcn31::Kobe is the best player in the world and he proved it last night!!!!
JacobJcn31::sorry i forgot Lebron has won 5 rings
Pubert.Mcpheron...::LMFAO  JOKE OF THE WEEK!!!!!!!!
Zonker40::You must read nothing but Laffy Taffy wrappers...
Zonker40::I hate to say it but anyone who claims someone "needs" Ron Artest to win a ring is even crazier than he is...
BCMCubs::Was anyone else not surprised when you read that he was changing his name to Metta World Peace?
BCMCubs::Yeeeeeeeeeeuuuuhhhhhh
JacobJcn31::Metta World Peace
BCMCubs::who is Ron Artest
SupaFlySlammaJammazzz::Walton still has to go...
SupaFlySlammaJammazzz::I am surprised with Kobe's abilty to play through injury, emotion and divorce...
Zonker40::He doesn't care about pain, he doesn't have emotions and he probably wouldn't even let his daughters interrupt his career.
Pubert.Mcpheron...::What if I told you that a brick shooting NBA player got away with a vicious crime? Kobe Bryant: "No Means Yes" on an all new ESPN's 30 For 30 presented to you by the Womens Rights of America, tomorrow night on ESPN and ESPN3.com
LeChoke_23::your mom wanted dark $@%!$ that day. get over it
Zonker40::When are they doing a special about trolls nobody cares about?
Pubert.Mcpheron...::Kobe is known for quitting in game 7's , shooting a pedestrian field goal percentage, Throwing Bynum and Jerry Buss under the Bus, Getting Shaq traded to Miami, not being able to get out of the first round/ win a damn thing w/o a dominate low post offensive threat, Sexual assult, abusing maids and towel boys,and getting beat downs by Reggie Miller, Chris Childs and Raja Bell. I believe it's clear to see Kobe is no Michael Jordan and is by far the most overrated basketball player of all time
Zonker40::And you're nobody with an opinion that people who love to be jerks seem to enjoy.  Always nice when the only people who will back you are the jerks.
twentyanite::its safe to say your embarrasing yourself. please stop it
ATP1986::This was entertaining for Lakers fans, but I think everybody knows that Kobe is done winning rings.
twentyanite::and none of those franchises have won since 06. In LA kobe has won back to back titles since then. yall need to stop hating. its not a good look.
Zonker40::Yup... time to count the hater trolls... that's all you people are.   Not you of course.
johndaker55::Unless he wants to be a 6th man on Chicago, Miami, OKC, or Portland.
JacobJcn31::6th man?? are u serious??
Ball-aholic::How well did Kobrick do when Shaq left? How many playoff series wins? When did the Fakers win again? When Pau joined.    No matter how hard you try, Kobricks resume tells the story. He's a bigger version of Iverson.    He's a bum without help.
LeChoke_23::in that case Magic Johnson and Larry bird are bums as well. what has Magic ever done without Kareem? what has Bird ever done without 3 hall of famer teammates? try again lamer
Ball-aholic::Yup. Gasoft &amp; Artest. Wthout either, the Fakers don't win. Kobrick tried his best to shoot them out of game 7.  You know, reality never goes awy.
twentyanite::23 pts and 15 boards vs the best defensive team in the game. i would say without kobe they dont win game 7. at the end of the day  the lakers won that series and won 5 titles in 10 years. im still waiting on you to tell me how many titles lebron almost won.
Pubert.Mcpheron...::Your distaste and lack of respect of the overrated Kobe Bryant is pretty on point. I like your style
Ball-aholic::appreciate it. I call it like I see it.
twentyanite::glad you asked. without shaq kobe won back to back titles. thought pau gaso was a bum. now all of a sudden he is the reason why kobe won both titles. stop it.
OPMILE24::then puttin leBron in the same breathe as Kobe is laughable
FTLakerFan::and still hasnt won $@%!
johndaker55::Lebron is more efficient on the offensive end and is a better defender. Also, a far better teammate. How is that laughable?
Ball-aholic::When I say bum, I'm saying dude is a volume scorer. The term bum is just my way of saying overrated.
johndaker55::I wouldn't say bum but definitely way, way, overrated. I would never take away from him that he's not a great player. But top-5 is laughable.
Zonker40::He's at 6 right now.
twentyanite::hes 5 or 6 right now. when its all said and done he will be right around 3
johndaker55::Kobe vs Miami on 1/19 - 8-27 FG%, 2-6 3P%, 8-10 FT. 26 pts. Lakers lose. Bank on that.
Pubert.Mcpheron...::Lots of people forget that Kobe belongs in prison
OPMILE24::anyone who says Kobe wouldn't be good in the 90's doesn't realize that he played in the 90's
JacobJcn31::Kobe is the best player in basketball and he proved it last night
twentyanite::since then he has avg 20 or better including a 35ppg outburts in 05-06. whats your point chump
OPMILE24::ok still 90's?
Ball-aholic::He didn't average 20 points until his 4th season. Try again clown. that's would be the 99-2000 season.
Pubert.Mcpheron...::How's Kobe's marriage going?
Erocthemadman::How's your boring life going?
johndaker55::1/19 - Lakers vs. Heat - You think Kobe puts up +35 pts on the Heat?? My bet is he shoots less than 40% vs. Heat.
OPMILE24::what has leBron done with wade and bosh???????????
Ball-aholic::How well did Kobrick do when Shaq left? How many playoff series wins? When did the Fakers win again? When Pau joined.  No matter how hard you try, Kobricks resume tells the story. He's a bigger version of Iverson.  He's a bum without help.
twentyanite::glad you asked. without shaq kobe won back to back titles. thought pau gaso was a bum. now all of a sudden he is the reason why kobe won both titles. stop it.
OPMILE24::yeah Losing does haha
twentyanite::dont really matter. the espn hype machine cant give you a nba championship, you gotta win one. any team with lebron on it will never do that. you have witnessed a fraud.
johndaker55::Got closer than any other team other than Dallas did. In case you just started watching NBA, which I'm going to assume you did, Lebron is more of a facilitator a la Magic than he is like MJ. Points don't tell Lebron's story.
twentyanite::his 48 looked real easy to. supreme footwork, j's off screens, pump fake step thru moves, blow by and finishes, made fts.  young kob gave us a clinic yesterday on offensive output.  He is easily still the most skilled player in the game.
Ball-aholic::if it was easy to do, he'd do it every night because he takes 30 shots a night.  Turn down the man crush. He can't do it every night because he won't face a 40 year old 2 guard every night.
twentyanite::hes avg 29 a game. i would say every nite he is getting buckets on somebody. young and old.
walnutkid07::KOB CITY
johndaker55::Great job Kobi you really embarassed that 40-year old guy didn't you. Props to you. Let me know when you do it vs. Thunder, Heat or Chicago.
JacobJcn31::he scored 81 points in a game! hes still the best player in basketball
twentyanite::he avg 36 on that same guy 2 years ago in the wcf. he gave mike 50 when he was 40 years old. he takes advantage of you when you shouldnt be out there, which is exactly how it should be.  quit hating
johndaker55::If he puts up 40 pts on Miami on 50% shooting on 1/19 I'll give him all the props in the world. But he won't do it.
johndaker55::You want to be considered top-10 of all time then show us something vs. a team that can play defense.
twentyanite::kobe is still the best player in the league. at the end of the day winning makes you great and he has done that at a high level for the last 10 years. Like mike he has also scored the most while winning the most. expect this type of greatness for another 2-3 years. whats crazy is as fans we are getting cheated. hes putting up these type of numbers and has torn ligaments in right shooting hand. what kind of numbers would this dude put up if he was healthy. enjoy it people we are looking at a top 5 great. no need to hate just enjoy it
NlPPLES::where my NlGGERS at?
FTLakerFan::last night was classic Kobe and fun to watch, but the Lakers will not win anything with Kobe playing like that, regular season game yes, playoffs no, they have to push it inside to bynum every time down, that is where their strength is, but Kobe will not give up the limelight easily......I bet Bynum wasn't to happy last night.......
Ball-aholic::I love the Faker two sided argument. Bynum and Gasoft are stiffs when you need to justify Kobricks ball hogging . Gerald Wallace forces Kobrick to play defense. If he had to guard someone, he wouldn't score 48 points and the record speaks for itself.  Grant Hill at this stage is a walk in the park. Kobrick don't do squat against any of the Horses in the league.
FTLakerFan::the Heat will never win a title if they are depending on LeBron, he cannot play when the pressure builds, unlike Kobe, LeBron wilts under pressure, Kobe has nothing to prove, LeBron has proven nothing
johndaker55::Yes I did Lebron had a bad 4th quarter in the last couple games, you want to use a smaller sample size? Maybe 2 shots?
FTLakerFan::guess you didnt watch the finals last year did you
johndaker55::Check the #'s Lebron is more clutch when he's shooting in a clutch situation than Kobe is.
Ball-aholic::Classic Kobrick against 90 year old Grant Hill. The real Kobrick is the one against A beast like Gerald Wallace.
Ball-aholic::Gerald Wallace always beasts on Kobrick when they match up - no matter what team Wallace is on. Kobrick is like hte kid who talks big when he has his boys behind him.  By himself, he's garbage. A volume shooting, petulent kid who blames everyone else for his turnovers.
johndaker55::Gerald wasn't guarding him the whole night smart guy, Gerald was killing him when he was d'ing him up, and causing turnovers.
kobebetterthanbron::BTW, Gerald Wallace did not stop or even slow down Kobe when LAL lost to Portland last week. Kobe had 30 points and 8 assists on right around 50% shooting. That is hardly locking someone up. Portland won because they have a deeper team than the Lakers this season, and for the record Portland is my pick to win it all this season! I will love seeing Wallace and Batum guard and frustrate LeBron and Wade in the finals en route to another Heat disappointment!
kobebetterthanbron::The one with 5 rings! Yup! Agree with you 100%!!! How many rings does LeBron have?? Finals Mvp's?????
kobebetterthanbron::Kobe goes off for 48 points on 18-31 FGA with a torn ligament in his wrist, meanwhile a 100% healthy LeBron goes 1-3 in 4th quarter and OT combined and misses the game tying 3 with 20 seconds left in OT and shows his complete lack of a clutch gene yet again! This is another example of why LeBron is not and will never be EVEN CLOSE to Kobe let alone MJ!
MEEENMACHINE::Looks like Kobe wants that MVP !
Ball-aholic::So you're saying that Phil Jackson is ignorant because those are Phil's words. How small do you feel now? He gambled on D his entire career and his defensive selections were resume builders because he wasn't winning more than 1 leageue MVP.  He's never been the defensive player you were sold into believing. This year he's HORRIBLE. Dudes light him up from distance all day long. Stop watching ESPN highlights clown.
AverageLakerFan::kobe's a top defender in the league, and tied defensively with d wade, saying he sucks defensively is quite ignorant...
Ball-aholic::The MVP is based upon the REGULAR season. You need to know the critera before you you try to defend it. Paul was in the top 10 in 3 categories. Without Paul, NO doesn't win 20 games clown.   The Fakers actually havea BETTER record when Kobrick doesn't play.  Calm down kid - you've lost this one.
Ball-aholic::Because Chris Paul had a better year. You have to do more than score to be the MOST VALUABLE. if scoring were the only critera - Iverson would have won 7 league MVPS.  Kobrick turns the ball over more than any other 2 guard in the league, he's a horrible 3 point shooter and his defense sucks.  Calm down kid.
stl24lakers::how did Chris Paul have a better year?kobe lead his team all the way to the finals that year and the best record in the west,but to you i guess that doesn't matter?you calm down hater.
kobebetterthanbron::Him winning league MVP in his 16th season in the league would be one of the GREATEST sports accomplishments of all time! Right now he is now lower than 3rd in the voting so it could happen!
stl24lakers::Even the year kobe won it they still didn't want to give it to him.
FTLakerFan::they will give it to sterns new favorite, Druant, Kobe has no chance
abenezer44::the reason people like kobe, wade , lebron kill these days is cause the league favors offensive players especially superstars, in the 80's and 90s u can handcheck, hold more, get away with more contact. players from this era would average way less amount of points if they had to play basketball with those rules. david stern changed the rules to help benefit the offense because he was getting tired of low scoring games.
Ball-aholic::The real statement is that if Jordan played today - he'd average 50. You can't hand check now but back then you could.  Kobrick couldn't handle the 80's. Teams played defense then.  Kobrick only has big games against old or weak 2 guards. Grant Hill ain't exactly in his prime.
abenezer44::lol jordan didnt even averaged 40ppg in his prime and u think kobe and lebron would. wow
kobebetterthanbron::Jordan had years of averaging 37.1 ppg and 35.0 ppg and could have easily averaged 40ppg had he wanted. Kobe in his prime had more range on his shot, although Jordan was superior mid range and also was ridiculous athletically much like LeBron is. Kobe and LeBron both would average close to 40 ppg in their primes playing in the 80's.
tgtg31::I couldn't agree more
kobebetterthanbron::Disagree! Kobe and LeBron would both average 40ppg if they had played in the 80's in their prime. The Lakers and Celtics and many other teams in the 80's averaged 120 ppg and gave up close to 110 ppg. The shots were taken earlier in the shot clock and there were far more possessions than there are now!
abenezer44::thank u, he is ignorant, little kids trying to act like they know the game
perrypete::you are ignorant!  everything you said here is false!
tgtg31::I do think MJ is the best ever, but how are people calling Bryant a ballhog and not Jordan?  Jordan averaged 3 more shots per game than Bryant with just a little better FG%.   For every 25 shots they take, Jordan made 1 more than Bryant does...Pretty small gap but the bigger ball hog would be MJ.
kobebetterthanbron::That is comparing apples to oranges. Jordan averaged more shots and assists because the game was played at a faster pace and teams scored alot more (especially in the 80's and early 90's) where it was not uncommon to see a team average around 120 PPG.
perrypete::boston was favored?  nice lie!  im out!  keep being bias!  you are classless and uneducated!
perrypete::so bulls were suppose to beat detroit?  yeah you are not ignorant at all!
kobebetterthanbron::Detroit was over the hill at that point! Pretty stupid argument on your part. BTW, Boston was favored over LA going into the 2010 Finals which proves your ignorance again!
perrypete::pistons were better than the lakers?  wow you are a smart one!
perrypete::his first championship!  they were suppose to lose in the ecf to detroit!  thanks for proving your ignorance again!
kobebetterthanbron::When did Jordan win when he should have lost??? LMAO!!!!! The Bulls were favored in EACH and EVERY finals they won! MJ did take care of business and that is why he is by far the best ever. Kobe however is 5-2 in the Finals which is pretty damn good and is better than Magic's 5-4 in the finals or Bird's 3-2 in the finals. I would never say that Bird or Magic COST their teams rings in the years they didn't win (BTW, I have Magic and Bird both ranked ahead of Kobe as do most experts). Saying that Kobe cost the Lakers rings is MORONIC. The 04 Pistons and 08 Celtics were BETTER TEAMS! Had Jordan gone up against the 08 Celtics and 10 Celtics in the Finals he probably would have lost a finals as well. The 08 Celtics are one of the best teams ever!
perrypete::so im an idiot because you wrote something you didnt mean?  who's the fool?  you need to look up the stats considering you went from 120ppg to 105ppg to 115-120ppg!  there are only a handful of teams in history to average 120ppg!  you are educated!  not to mention i never said kobe wasnt a top ten player, just another made up thing by you!
perrypete::thats  not my arguement!  your education shows again!  and yes jordan only has 6 rings in six chances!  he never lost when he should have won, but he did win when he should have lost!  kobe lost rings for his teammates!  please keep up the ignorant comments!
kobebetterthanbron::I said that the Lakers and Celtics of the 80's as well as the Hawks and Nuggets and other teams all averaged between 115-120 PPG, check the stats idiot! Also, the Lakers and Celtics gave up more than 105 ppg. Lesser teams like the Nuggets and Hawks gave up just as much as they scored! You obviously think that the NBA started when LeBron was drafted! Anyone who does not have Kobe top 10-12 ever is a COMPLETE FOOL!!!
tgtg31::That makes zero sense when backing Jordan.  Jordan shot 3 more times per game.  So the best player ever has one more ring than a current player.  The ball hog comment is ignorant for your argument.
perrypete::105ppg?  i thought is was 120ppg?  he im  the idiot!  keep showing your education!  bottome line:  kobe is a ball hog and it cost him rings!
kobebetterthanbron::The EXPERTS all disagree with you and luckily your opinion does not matter. Kobe is without a doubt the 3rd greatest Laker ever. Magic is 1st and Kareem probably 2nd and then Kobe 3rd. Any other argument is stupid and complete Kobe hate! He is the franchise's all time leading scorer and playoff scorer, has the same # of Laker rings as Magic and Kareem. West only won 1 ring in 9 finals, there is NO WAY he is over Kobe. BTW, you are the uneducated one. The 80's Lakers and Celtics teams both averaged between 115 and 120 ppg each and every season. Check the archives idiot! They also gave up more than 105 ppg.
tgtg31::And if Jordan played in L.A. nor would he.
perrypete::uncommon to average 120ppg?  how many teams in nba history have averaged 120 ppg?  how many of jordans teams averaged 120ppg?  stay educated!  sorry kid, but kobe isnt even the third best laker ever!
gatorfan808::Totally Disagree.  In the 80s that was true, but when Detroit won in 89 and 90, this change the game to defense wins.  Back in the 80s and 90s, there was no hand check foul, and a flagrant foul today was just a good hard foul back then.  If you look at it, the offensive player has a bigger advantage now than they did when Jordan played.
tgtg31::????Jordan averaged 5.3 apg and Bryant is at 4.7
perrypete::lol i never said jordan won by himself!  you kids are uneducated!  and you both just proved it!  no jordan didnt win by himself, but kobe shot his team out of at least three championships....that is fact!
kobebetterthanbron::Agreed! How many rings did MJ win before Pippen etc... got there? Zero! It takes a team to win! NOBODY wins by themselves and NO ONE EVER WILL! FACT!!!
tgtg31::one shot?  Jeez....perrypete is an absolute IDIOT and will forever be ignored and treated as the ignorant child he is.  Good bye jackas.s
perrypete::paxon made one shot!  who passed the ball?  yep you are educated!
tgtg31::The reason Chicago won was because they played the best together!  Take Pip or Rod off those teams and nada.  Paxon won a title for them.  You're hate is making you sound idiotic
tgtg31::500 writers and former players.....just give one.  And again about the ball hog thing, Jordan shot 3 more attempts per game than kobe.
perrypete::jordan had way better teams?  he never had a center and played with 2 hofers!  kobe had two of the best centers of his era and played with 6 hofers, 5 on the same team.....oh yeah and kobe LOST!
perrypete::i dont hate, you are obviously too uneducated to know that!  if you think over 500 writers and former players are wrong about gasol being mvp that just proves my point!  kobe almost single handedly lost that year as his did three other times...by being a ball hog!
tgtg31::Jordan had way better teams.  And I please give us one cite of a someone saying gasol was the finals mvp.  Maybe game 7, but not for the series
kobebetterthanbron::Gasol MVP! LMAOROTF! Gasol was clearly the #2 on those teams. Ask him if you don't believe me! Gasol average 18 ppg and around 10 rpg. Kobe average 28 ppg and 8 rpg. Who's #1. Typical Piece of s**t Kobe hater though, I should not be surprised!!!
perrypete::unquestioned #1?  is that why every writer said gasol should have been mvp?  you act like jordan had better teams!
kobebetterthanbron::He already did that and killed that argument when he led the Lakers to the 09-10 Back to Back titles as the UNQUESTIONED number 1 on those teams. That argument might have held water when Shaq was there but Back to Back without Shaq killed that!!!
perrypete::talk to me when kobe averages 8 assists....talk to me when kobe raises the stats of all his teammates!
perrypete::look at jordans teammates stats with him and without him!  now do the same for kobe!  jordan was so much less selfish, its not even a debate if you watched both play!  not to mention kobe will NEVER average close to 8 assists!  and kobe takes bad shots, that is the main reason he shoots a lower percentage, which makes him a ball hog!
gatorfan808::A different scenario.  Jordan was always the man on the team.  Pippen was option 2.  Kobe was option 2 and than became option 1 after Shaq left.  Shots per game does not determine a ball hog, taking amount of bad shots taken determine a ball hog.
kobebetterthanbron::Look at Jordan's shots pre Pippen!!
gatorfan808::Cannot compare that, look at Kobe shots after Shaq left.
jcmaggi::Jordan was a lot less selfish? Is that why for his career he averaged 22.9 shots per game vs. Kobe's 19.4 shots per game?
tgtg31::You might not have been but plenty of posters on here have.  Jordan's the best, Kobe's a bada.s.s player though
gatorfan808::MJ shot better than 50% for the most part in his first 9 seasons.  Bryant never shot 50% once from the field.  Bryant takes more lower percentage shots than Jordan.
perrypete::yes im a hater!  shows your education level!  when did kobe average close to 8 assists?  what does the best rebounder have to do with assists!  stay educated!
tgtg31::obviously a kobe hater here.....again Jordan averaged a half assist more than Jordan while playing with the best rebounder ever and most versatile player in the game
perrypete::and kobe lost with phil, kobe lost with shaq, and kobe lost with a starting lineup of 5 hofers!  jordan made his teammates better, kobe makes his teammates stand around and watch!
tgtg31::agreed he didn't shoot as many 3's but he also shot a lower % than Bryant.  I think Jordan was the best ever but do people really think he had the jumpshot that Kobe has.....absolutely not
kobebetterthanbron::Agreed, but he shot just as much or more than Kobe which would make him a ball hog as well. He did not win a title until Phil changed this and made him play within the team framework (which Jordan famously was VERY resistant to until he saw the results in wins) noncoincidentally, Kobe did not win until Phil got there as well and made him play within a team framework!
jcmaggi::Points per shot accounts for 2pt fg%, the increased value of a 3 and the ability to get to the line
gatorfan808::You are right Jordan took better shots.
perrypete::jordan didnt shoot as many 3's, horrible comparison!
jcmaggi::Look at their points per shot, they're virtually identical
steviebizzle::Never said either one was not a ball hog.
perrypete::half assist more a game?  when did kobe average cclose to 8 assists?
tgtg31::Are you really saying Jordan wasn't a ballhog?  And averaging a half assist a game more than Bryant while having the most versatile player and best rebounder to play the game didn't hurt MJ either.
perrypete::lol are you really making excuses as to why kobe is a ball hog?  jordan made his teammates better!  kobe has his teammates standing around watching him dribble out the shot clock!  now make excuses as to why kobe only have 5 rings.
kobebetterthanbron::All great scorers are ball hogs, that is a fact. Also, they shoot based on the quality of their teammates and the necessity to do so. MJ shot alot more pre Pippen, Grant, Paxson etc.. just like Kobe shot alot more post with Smush, Mihm, Kwame because those guys stink! Kobe is shooting more now than the previous three years because the Lakers (after Gasol, Bynum and Kobe) have nothing on offense. Artest is garbage! Fisher stinks! Blake is spotty!
gulogulo74::Stephen A. Smith self appointed know it all about basketball is in love with everyhting east coast
gulogulo74::Has anybody notice how really ugly Lebron really is?
bahkey::but do you love his cologne?
steviebizzle::.
abenezer44::why do u care?
steviebizzle::Nope, don't really judge other guys by their looks.
gulogulo74::Just saying.......wow UGLY
abenezer44::kobe is the second best player of all time after mj  - ridiculous overdramatic kobe fans
abenezer44::if u knew baskteball u know kobe is not in the top ten, and the credibilty of "experts" have gone down the drain rather its from tv or internet, they are nothing but tools.
kobebetterthanbron::I never said that (although some Kobe fans have). Kobe is top 10-12 of all time unquestionably on EVERY EXPERTS list. He is not top 2 though or even top 5 ( I have him 7th).  MJ Magic Russell Jabbar Wilt Bird Kobe  Shaq Duncan Olajuwon Oscar Moses
kobebetterthanbron::Typical Kobe hater LMAO!!! Google top 10 NBA players of all time! Kobe is on EACH and EVERY list (EXPERTS lists) in the range of 7-12 on EVERY list. FACT!
abenezer44::1. jordan 2. kareem 3. hakeem 4. shaq 5. wilt 6. duncan 7. bird 8. magic 9. oscar 10. dr. j and moses
steviebizzle::No one will ever convince me that Kobe was ever on the same level as Michael Jordan in his prime. However, like Jordan, he is a master grudge holder and he uses that to his advantage. The Phoenix Suns had the Lakers number in the mid 2000's and Kobe never forgot it. For that I have to give him credit.
steviebizzle::Agreed. As a Suns fan, I hate it, but respect and admire it. That goes for Jordan and his 55 point whooping in the 93 finals, and everything Kobe is doing to the Suns the past 3 years.
kobebetterthanbron::Agreed that MJ is BY FAR the greatest ever, that is not even up for debate. However, Kobe's competitiveness is equal to MJ's and he is unquestionably the closest at 2 guard the game has ever seen. I am looking forward to seeing Harrison Barnes in the Pro's as I believe he is going to be great as well!!
gatorfan808::I disagree it is equally competitive between the two.  MJ would never let his team get swept in a playoff series.  MJ never lost a series when his team had home court in the playoffs.  I remember one game few years back when Kobe refused to take a shot in the 4th Quarter against the Suns in the playoffs and Lakers lost.  Bryant seemed like he was trying to make a point to Phil Jackson.  Jordan would not let making a point to his coach take priority over winning.
AGon334::Kobe haters are eating crow like that receding hairline idiot Stephen A. Smith.
kobebetterthanbron::I love how Kobe gave it back to the haters in the post game last night by saying "not bad for the 7th best player in the NBA" referring to ESPN's pre-season rankings of the top 500 NBA players currently. He uses this hate as motivation just as MJ did. Gotta love it!!!
kobebetterthanbron::You think Kobe's tough, I once played an entire game with hurt feelings  Regards,  LeBron James
gatorfan808::Bryant is playing very well of late, but when you got Gasol and Bynum getting very little shots, this will eventually hurt the Lakers in the long run.  Bryant is playing with an All-Star in Gasol, and another potential All-Star in Bynum, and he is shooting the ball like it is going out of style.  Shows one thing for sure, Mike Brown does not really have a handle on this team and his superstar.  The Lakers are one decent point guard or a decent small forward away from being the team in the West to beat.  Like to see shot distribution more on the Lakers, in my mind they got three All-Stars and they are not using their players as they should.
dplunk18::If both Bynum and Gasol had the killer instinct,  and cut throat mental capacity to dominate, then they wouldnt need DHoward, but they don't. and Bynum often checks out mentally, and sometimes it seems like nerves seems to get the better of Gasol in critical situations.
jcmaggi::Don't forget that it's also on Bynum and Gasol to get their shots off, if they post, make a move and kick out, then it's Kobe's turn to get a shot.
gatorfan808::You are right, but it doesn't mean that Bryant has to shoot either.  He can always feed it back in.  When you look at the Lakers, they are not a running team anymore, their strenght is in the half court.  Which is why they are still a better team than the Clippers.  In the playoffs, you have to be able to execute half court offense and with Bynum and Gasol in the post, there not too many teams that can defend them both.
kobebetterthanbron::I can't wait until the schedule eases up a bit on the Lakers as even Mike Brown has said that Bynum needs practice on passing out of the double team. This is a new look that defenses are throwing at him the past 3 games since he was so dominant when he came back. He struggles with this, he should work with Pau who is an excellent passer when they have practice time next week.
jcmaggi::I think that will even out as Pau and Bynum find their rhythm in the offense (and as Bynum works himself in to better and better game shape). Ideally I would want to see Pau and Bynum averaging a combined 35 shots per game and Kobe getting 20 shots per game.
kobebetterthanbron::Agreed given that Bynum can stay healthy (that is the Elephant in the room). Howard has proven durable, Bynum as of yet has not. Hopefully that will change.
gatorfan808::Bynum and Gasol are shooting for a good percentage.  They need more shots.  A lot of teams in the West are soft in the interior and the Lakers have a huge advantage over those teams with Gasol and Bynum.  Honestly, they don't need Dwight Howard, I would take Bynum and Gasol together over one Dwight Howard.
kobebetterthanbron::Agreed on that. Lakers win % is much greater win Pau attempts 15 plus shots and/ or Drew scores 20 plus and Kobe has 19 or fewer shot attempts. I only like Kobe shooting 25 plus times when he has it going like last night.
jcmaggi::Ok, here are Kobe's NBA Finals numbers:    In 37 NBA Finals Games:  42.7 MPG, 25.3 ppg, 9 FG/21.84 FGA (41% FG%), 1.3 3P/4.135 3PA (31.4% 3p%), 5.8 RPG, 5.1 APG, .9 BPG, 1.8 SPG, 3.3 TO/G    In 6 Close out games:  43 MPG, 23 ppg, 7 FG/21 FGA (33% FG%), 1.33 3P/4 3PA (33% 3p%), 9 RPG, 4.7 APG, 1.17 BPG, 1.5 SPG, 1.667 TO/G    In 5 Elimination games:  43.4 MPG, 24 ppg, 7.4FG/21.4 FGA (35% FG%), 1.6 3P/6 3PA (27% 3P%), 7.8 RPG, 2.8 APG, 0 BPG, 2.4 SPG, 3.8 TO/G    Bear in mind I counted Game 7 of the 2010 NBA finals as both an elimination game and a close out game.
kobebetterthanbron::Here are LeBron's numbers 0-2 in the finals including 3PPG in 4th quarters of last years finals and 3-11 for 8 points in game 4 (the biggest game of his career with a chance for the Heat to go up 3-1).  I will take Kobe's 5-2 in the Finals with 2 Finals MVP's ANY day over what LeBron has done in the Finals.  BTW, Kobe's 2010 Finals 28.8 PPG, 8 RPG and 3.9 APG on 40.5 % shooting compares favorably with MJ's 96 finals (against the only good defensive team the Bulls played in the finals)  MJ in 96 27.8 PPG, 4.5 RPG, 4.5 APG, 41.5% shooting CASE CLOSED!
kobebetterthanbron::Agreed, Kobe was clearly the best player in the 2010 Finals, just as admittedly Shaq was for the Lakers first 3 titles. Jordan probably was in the 96 finals as well although a case can be made for Rodman who was an absolute BEAST on the boards twice setting Finals records in that series with 11 offensive rebounds in 2 separate games.
jcmaggi::Those people often forget (or choose to forget) that it's called the FINALS MVP, not the Game 7 MVP.
kobebetterthanbron::I certainly wasn't bashing MJ either, even as a DIE HARD Kobe fan, I know that MJ is BY FAR the best player of all time. I just was pointing out that all of the people who said Kobe did not deserve 2010 Finals MVP because of 6-24 in Game 7 should remember that MJ won 96 Finals MVP despite going 5-19 and 6-20 in 2 separate games of that series (great defense will do that to a scorer).
jcmaggi::I wasn't bashing Kobe, I was just putting the objective numbers out there. I'm a huge Lakers fan and have nothing but respect and admiration for what Kobe does. It may not always be pretty, but he gets the job done.
kobebetterthanbron::Did you see the part of the post game where a reporter asked Kobe if he could keep up this recent tear he had been on with the wrist all season. Kobe said "what do you think?, c'mon say it, say it, I need some more motivation". Love this guy's competitive drive. He uses the hate to destroy his opponents!!!
Ball-aholic::Unless it's Portland or any other team that has players who attack him.
kobebetterthanbron::How has Portland fared against Kobe in the playoffs????? Do I really need to go there? Remember 2000 WCF or 2001 1st round, or 2002??? There are none after that because Portland was a doormat for years. Did Portland EVER beat Kobe when it counted????? Thought not!
