JLinNASA::Harden has a fantastic 3 point shot.  He can teach Lin and the rest how to shoot it.  We can have 4 James Harden and Asik in the game at all time.  The floor will always be spread.
HERMAN CAIN IS THE FIRST BLACK PRESIDENT::HARDEN IS STREAKY ON THE 3'S...HE NEEDS TO WORK ON IT AS MUCH AS LIN DOES;)
Ismael0627::Lin almost scored 30 here, nice comeback from both Harden and Lin along with the rest. I missed this game and now they'll play against the Nets tonight.
february1088::Lin is averaging 17 points and 7 assists for February while NOT being allowed to play his natural position of PG. That's pretty impressive. But Rockets need to stop making Harden play the point and let Lin handle being the primary playmaker.   Why? Everyone knows Harden is a superstar who is better player than Lin. But Lin needs to handle the ball because he's the POINT GUARD. If Lin's 3's dont go thru like last night, he'll suffer. Lin's stats already suffered a lot earlier in the season because he had to play off the ball and defer to Harden, and wait at 3 line to be used as a spot-up shooter. That's not Lin's strength. He's way better at penetrating and orchestrating the offense than he is waiting to shoot a 3.   This is also better for Harden. Data shows that Harden's shots have a higher % of going in if his shots are from assists rather than from him bringing it up. It also relieves the burden on Harden on both scoring and playing the point, we've seen him get exhausted and score 5 for 23 on some nights.   So basically, let Lin play the point and create the offense, and let Harden do what he does best: Score.
fred3857::Lin had +20/+7 while Linsanity with T-Chandler on the paint and 3-point shooter Novak and 100% ball control. Actually,Linsanity are always there and it depends the coach play what kind of system.
1PKr::THANK YOU OKC AND GRAPENUTZ  Harden is GREAT
wHiTeTiGeR007::JLIN STATS FOR FEB 2013:  17 PTS, 7 AST, FG% .476, 3 PT% .500, FT% .848  LOOKS LIKE JLIN HAS TURNED THE CORNER THIS MONTH.  IF HE KEEPS UP, THE ROX W/ HARDEN IS GONA BE BEAST ;)
DDDD1881::Now he have another go to guy T-Rob, assist # will sky rock.
yorke44::Go to guy??? LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL......You've obviously never seen him play he's about as much of a go to guy as someone like Kendrick Perkins.....LOLOLOLOLLOLOLOLLOLOLOLOLLOLOLLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOOL
Streak4MoreCash::When Harden gets into his prime years I think OKC will have a better understanding of this trade for k. martin
IBleedGarnetandGold15::The most amazing thing of this whole recap is that Tony Delk scored 53 points in an NBA game once! Thats the most crazy thing I've heard all week.
hookem5746::Regarding trading 4 players and our two PF's for Robinson  "Let's start with the obvious: Robinson hasn't been very good as a rookie. He has had a tough time dealing with shot-blockers in the paint and is getting more than 10 percent of his shots rejected, per Hoopdata.com, one reason he's shooting just 42.9 percent from the field."
1953cdw::Playing for the woeful Kings did not do him any good. Not saying the guy is a front line player but lets see how he does with a better supporting cast of characters
1953cdw::I like Patterson. Nice kid and a good player. But he does not rebound...and I think a four needs to hit the boards better than he does
hookem5746::Lets see...I don't like risks lol.  We are rebuilding and we could've made the playoffs with Patterson and made a trade in the offseason.  This trade seems like an obvious 50/50 risk.
I Have The Pawaaaa::McHale has got to leave his post as an NBA coach. As a 7 time All-Star in his playing days, he must have been something to watch.  As a coach today, however, he's uninvolved and about as caring as a prickly porcupine.  See videos of his postgame interviews at NBA dot com for more insight.
1953cdw::I was on the fence when they first hired McHale. But I like him...more importantly the players like him.
hookem5746::He's involved...u can't tell from an interview man.  What about D'Antoni's and POP in interviews???  Are they involved???  Lol judge a coast by press conferences; genius.
1953cdw::Thunder making a few moves. I wonder if they would have done this if they did not get beat last night and on 3 game losing streak
Lorenzomax7::.
FTLakerFan::OKC still great enough to dominate the regular season, but not great enough to get a title, better do some more tinkering, to worried about money to ever win a title
sandiegonation::Thabo sefolosha should NOT be leading in scoring...
shoe467man::houston with harden still will not make the playoffs the thunder are the best team in the west without him fear the beard and fear the playoffs. houston finally wins one at home with alot of questionable calls down the stretch and the thunder beat them by 20 both previous games
hookem5746::Hollinger says we have a 98 percent chance; 5th in power rankings; plus 7 margin in L25 % of games; projected 6 seed.  But u would know better.  Projected to go 47-35
1953cdw::I love it when a "fan" says..."the other team did not win...the refs took it away from us"
Dezagcoog::HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH I love a good laugh or two during the day.
LeBonds Gains::Lin is valuable to the NBA media market.   Not surprising that they got Harden to help make sure Lin is a success.   NBA is a business before anything to do with the sport or parity.
jliang03::Yisanity is only slightly less well known, and really paved the way for Lin.
wilhenderso 6::Yao Ming was a legit 20 10 guy. Again, mediocrity is not going to buy you anything even if you were Chinese. Hello?  Yi JiLian? Wang ZhiZhi? How come these guys weren't on TV commercials?
TWex2120::Yao Ming anyone?
jliang03::As shown by the ever popular yi jianlian
Lorenzomax7::Yi is not an American favourite.
Eden Knight::Everyone always talks about how J Lin is a marketing machine, but that ignores the fact he's legitimately good.
february1088::Yo Twex, you do realize that he suffered in the beginning of the season coming off a major injury and adjusting to a weird position right?  His February stats are more like 17 points 7 assists. Solid stats. But what's even more impressive is that he's getting those stats while not allowed to handle the ball and letting Harden handle the point instead. Even CP3 would not have his numbers right now if he wasnt allowed to play as his team's point guard &amp;primary ballhandler
TWex2120::12 and  6 is average. Hes popular because of his story that the NBA hyped up and because hes asian. China is a huge market. You think its a coincidence the Rockets wanted him? Yao ming ring a bell? Lin is average. Good. Ok. Whatever you want to call it.
Lorenzomax7::AGREED. An average player would NOT have been a marketing machine... EVER!
jliang03::Like in any other industry, competition is what is best for business.
jliang03::And what do you think the salary cap is in place for?
jliang03::Do you? Ten different teams appeared the last ten years in the championship game. That's a third of the league making an appearence in the last ten years. Trading for guys like Harden can allow you to compete. They didn't gethim to make Lin look good. Lol. Spot on my foot.
TWex2120::Do you watch much NBA? On average there are 2-3 teams that have a legit shot of winning a title every year. Thats not "competition". The OP is spot on.
jliang03::Money made from jersey sales and other liscensed products are shared equally in the NBA.  You're an idiot.
LeBonds Gains::Harden made 7/8 threes.   Anytime a team's leader can do that, it's an mvp type performance.
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::70 minutes to the trade deadline, and it's dead as a doorknob.  Worst......trade deadline.......ever.
jasiekforever::okc is westbrooks team, not durant's... you okc fans should realize that by now
tony_r27::That's a shame because Westbrook is a dumb $@%.
oblique15::no $@%! he takes all the shots, reason why he shouldn`t be a pg
Dezagcoog::OKC Harden the f up!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unkIVvjZc9Y&amp;feature=youtu.be
ChippewaDave::The guy is a great player but, man, I just can't get past the beard.  Is he angling for a deal from Schick or something??
nitramblof::Harden will beat the Thunder every time - Durant and Westbrook need to learn how to be men and stop $@%!$@% around
jasiekforever::okc traded the wrong guy
jasiekforever::sucks for okc... this team is not as good as last year
Dezagcoog::wow that's an original thought. I don't think anyone has mentioned that idea yet.
MRcantholdmedown::Why does the top 25 matter in College Basketball when 64-teams are going to the tournament and each of the 4 regions will have their own #1 seed???
walle D_ D::seeding, only reason
LA_Lakers_out_of_13_playoffs::Lin-city    25 mill  28 points, 8 dimes, who know steal etc e
none818::Fear the beard.
LA_Lakers_out_of_13_playoffs::its fear nerd-city fewl
LA_Lakers_out_of_13_playoffs::Lin is a scientist...not a bball player..  NERD-CITY = new Clutch City  son  lol
LA_Lakers_out_of_13_playoffs::Rockets nab Robinson haha!!  the onslaught against the petty stern led nba continues...
theflyeststar::hey lets draft james harden and bench him for 3 years then trade him  - OKC Thunder
rconn5::I would love to see this matchup in the 1st round of the playoffs.
Can i get an amen::The Rockets needed more from Harden than the Thunder did. This trade has made him a better player because of it.
walle D_ D::Back to playing eastern conference teams, we have a good shot at pulling these next few games out.
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::the moment okc managers realize they should have traded westbrook, not harden or ibaka
MRcantholdmedown::I would have dumped Westbrick immediately.
TebowDaGoat::It's one game people --- Thunder are still better off that Harden left (dude doesn't show up during Finals)
bobbydagreat::LOL
calimazda1::Elite player.
Robert Sacre::I don't have a problem choosing Westbrook over Harden, but OKC also choose Ibaka over Harden. Unreal
Boodro87::Rope-a-dope'd.
bobbydagreat::Choosing Westbrook over Harden is merely stupid, but choosing Ibaka over Harden is pants on head R-tarded.
MRcantholdmedown::Westbrook and Durant were holding Harden back......
JasonCalabasas::46 points with only 19 FG attempts is boss. Wonder how they're feeling in OKC about that Martin trade now?
spitfire18213::Osama Bin Harden droppin bombs on OKC
walle D_ D::I think the rockets will go with the small lime up for a little while need to allow the newbies to get accustomed to the team playing style.
1953cdw::Morey is as shrewd GM as there is. All the trades he has made...not all of them have worked...but when has he gotten rid of someone that played great where he went to...or came back to haunt him. No one that I can recall
walle D_ D::Rudy Gay maybe, but I think that was before Morey, Martin has played well, but Harden has played in another league.
walle D_ D::true, honestly when we drafted lamb, I just thought we were getting another Kevin Martin
1953cdw::They knew what they were getting rid of in Martin. A streaky scorer...who does not play defense or get other players involved
walle D_ D::Looks like were keeping Robinson, Atlanta wanted Asik, and parsons for Smith. They ducking carzy as hell.
Dezagcoog::yeah, Asik and Parsons aren't going anywhere.
Da-THUN-Da::I have to say I hope it works out so that we dont match up with the Rockets first round. After harden going there and just a good core of young likable players I would like to see them win a playoff series. I know they are in the West but its hard not to wish Harden/Rockets the best.
westcoast8691::Can you say Karma: OKC steals Durant &amp; the Sonics from Seattle OKC get shellacked by Miami in the Finals OKC gets cheap &amp; doesn't pay Harden who is better then WestBrick Harden shows why he is as good or maybe even better then Durant OKC does not reach 2013 Finals
xaionxav::What other player could have a triple double and still looked upon as having a "bad night"? Even LeBron would be all over the front page with headlines, "Despite LeBrons HEROIC effort, Heat lose".
Dezagcoog::I'm not sure I've heard anyone besides you say Durant had a bad night.
Dezagcoog::chill out dude.
Epicurusxm::In this one game, KD had a triple double, but admittedly had a horrific shooting night. They need to sure up their defense and they will be fine, that is what lost them the game last night. If Thabo Sefolosha is scoring 28, that needs to be a win. Gotta play some better D.
Epicurusxm::He went 11 - 16 and missed a wide open 3 in the 4th Q. He was on fire, you don't stop giving a guy the ball when they are shooting like that. Durant shot poorly last night, no way he deserved to take 25 shots in that game.
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::Thabo shouldn't be chucking that many shots, anyhow.
Westjag::Stop it
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::Harden better than Durant?  You lost all credibility right there.
Dezagcoog::ChiefIlliniwek4Life - Didn't say he's NOT a star.  But he's not in the same league as Durant.  yeah he is, not quite at his level, but he's legit getting into superstar status with Durant, LBJ, and Kobe. Any true analyst compares those three constantly.
walle D_ D::I think Harden will be in the same league as durant eventually,but not quite yet. The rockets need one of these other players to develope into a star too.
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::Didn't say he's NOT a star.  But he's not in the same league as Durant.
westcoast8691::Did you see the game last night? Harden is a Star...
Da-THUN-Da::Overall top 5 dumbest posts Ive ever seen
Dezagcoog::Epicurusxm - Nov. 28 in OKC 3-16 2 reb. 2 assists 3 TO 17 points 9 coming from FTS That isn't good, is it? A) you pointed out the worse of the two. B) for a superstar it might be bad, but you said FLAT OUT. No, I've seen many many WAY worse games. c) he got 17 pts and did 9-11 free throws. FLAT OUT BAD??? seriously?? Do you know how many players would kill to score 17 pts in one game.
Epicurusxm::Dezagcoog - he was flat out bad?? I think you're the one who missed those games.  Nov. 28 in OKC 3-16 2 reb. 2 assists 3 TO 17 points 9 coming from FTS That isn't good, is it?
Da-THUN-Da::Now thats a better post. Yes I am a little worried we have lost 5 of our last 10 (i think) and think we need to make a small move but there were some really stupid things in that original post haha
Dezagcoog::he was flat out bad?? I think you're the one who missed those games.
Epicurusxm::Obviously you are somewhat trolling, but did you miss the first couple times Houston played in OKC? Harden was flat out bad. He played incredible last night, there's no denying that, but lets slow down here on one game outcomes showing what will happen the rest of the way.
westcoast8691::You're from the Mid West of course you are in Disarray caus you're teams are bumbling, stumbling right now:  Bad Losses: Utah &amp; now Houston, plus Miami Beat Down in OKC...Thunder are no where near the team they were last year...
highly debatable with extra sauce::That highlight was fun to watch
Westjag::OKC couldn't had asked for a better offensive game. Our problem is we have gotten away from playing defense. Our last 3 games we've given up an average of about 105 . That's not going to cut it. And no trade is going to help our defense. Thabo has proven he can score by getting 3 career highs in his past 5 games. We don't need anymore scorers. I thought Lastnight brooks should have put  either Jones or Thabeet back in for martin. Thabeet and Serge were clogging that paint.Jones is very fast and could have slowed some of those fastbreaks and transition pts.
Westjag::True
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::Durant said as much in post game interviews.  He said something like "they played defense, we didn't".
Dezagcoog::well that's false as we didn't and NEVER play defense. for us to outscore y'all made sense. We're number one in scoring in the league and y'all are number two. Both terrible d's
Westjag::. Liggins would have been in but has been injinjured .
Epicurusxm::I agree with this and  he could have possibly put in Liggins as well. He plays very good defense. When Collison fouled out, the defense broke down. They needed to get a defensive player in there.
hawkfan4life1976::You got to love what the Rockets are doing.  Harden, Lin, now they get Thomas Robinson to play power forward.  This is a young team on the rise.  Harden for Kevin Martin - the Rockets fleeced OKC.  Harden is showing that he is easily a top 10 (maybe even a top 5) player in the NBA.
Gannon1330::Kyrie Irving is better than Westbrook
Dezagcoog::cpaqpaq1 - Not yet, but he's closing the gap  Exactly. Irving will soon overtake him, but not there yet.
cpaqpaq1::Well Westbrook is in the top of the league with turnovers. So that's no stretch
Gannon1330::Kyrie is definitely a better POINT GUARD. player i could see the argument. He shoots a higher percentage, better 3P%, and does it on a worse team....i dont feel like checking but im also betting fewer turnovers
cpaqpaq1::Not yet, but he's closing the gap
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::What's funny about the truth?
Epicurusxm::That is hilarious.
Da-THUN-Da::OF course you guys got the better end of the trade. YOu got james harden and we got Kevin Martin. But it worked for both organizations considering both on and off the court.
Dezagcoog::THAT i agree with. it was a win-win. But we got the better end. No one debates as to wether or not OKC had to do it.
Dezagcoog::y'all can justify it as much as you want. But we got the better end of the deal. You act like a luxury tax can't be paid by a team that just made the finals.
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::Of course it wouldn't.  He would've demanded a max deal, and had they not complied, he would've walked, leaving them with nothing.  OKC took the less risky path, and got a solid player in return.
Epicurusxm::Well, I don't have intimate details of the financial situations, but from how the Thunder played it out, I would say they didn't feel as if keeping Harden was going to benefit them financially.
Westjag::You act like there is no luxury tax. Smh.
Epicurusxm::Look, both teams got a great trade, it can happen. Durant and Westbrook are easily both top 10 players as well and the Thunder couldn't keep all 3 and feasibly have a team that competed well. The fact that James Harden got traded helped his career by miles. He should be thanking the Thunder, otherwise he'd still be a 6th man.
celtpride34pp20ra5kg::Epicurusxm - In any case, my original, original point about the trade, is that it worked well for both sides. I don't see the point of debating about it or saying the Thunder got 'fleeced'. It just seems silly. Harden wouldn't be going for 46 if he was playing for the Thunder. So in terms of his career, the trade was better for him, but both teams got what they needed in the trade.  He scored 45 with the thunder last year. And I were right, Westbrook is a top ten player, Durant is a top four (Kobe, lebron, wade, Durant)' , harden is top 10 as well
celtpride34pp20ra5kg::Epicurusxm - Look, both teams got a great trade, it can happen. Durant and Westbrook are easily both top 10 players as well and the Thunder couldn't keep all 3 and feasibly have a team that competed well. The fact that James Harden got traded helped his career by miles. He should be thanking the Thunder, otherwise he'd still be a 6th man.  What does that mean? Couldn't have kept all 3 and "feasibly competed well"? They were in the finals last year with all 3, young as hell and only getting better.  Also don't see why he couldn't have became a starter over sefolosha in okc, either way he's a closer,there though.....The thunder shudve been keeping him no matter what unless they coulda got Howard for him, period.... Shuda kept their big four and added a shooter for a small ball lineup like Miami did wih ray... An upgrade over cook basically, someone like rip Hamilton or Jj redick, a cheaper Kevin Martin lol  Shuda looked into grabbing Kenyon Martin on the cheap too like they grabbed fisher or miam grabbed Lewis...  If they weren't so cheap they coulda trotted our a Ibaka, perk, Kenyon, collison, fisher, harden, rip, Durant, Westbrook 9man rotation for the playoffs this year.... Miami ain't cheap, that's why they'll get this years ring and not okc
Dezagcoog::I completely agree that harden got the best deal of the four parties involved.
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::True story, there.
Epicurusxm::In any case, my original, original point about the trade, is that it worked well for both sides. I don't see the point of debating about it or saying the Thunder got 'fleeced'. It just seems silly. Harden wouldn't be going for 46 if he was playing for the Thunder. So in terms of his career, the trade was better for him, but both teams got what they needed in the trade.
Dezagcoog::I do think Love is better, BUT admitting the bias is fair enough. We all do that with the team we root for.
cpaqpaq1::I'd take Kevin love over Westbrook every time
Epicurusxm::Kevin Love is not better than Russell Westbrook. Maybe he was last year. And fair enough, I did veer away from my original point. Obviously I'm biased though b/c I'm a Thunder fan, so I see Westbrook as a top 10 player.
Dezagcoog::Epicurusxm - Good for you, stats and play on the court say otherwise. I'll spot you CP3, other than that, who is better than Westbrook at PG? Oh and I'm leaving out Rondo b/c of the ACL.  Well you hadn't said JUST POINT originally, you said top ten for both.
Dezagcoog::cpaqpaq1 - I wouldn't put Westbrook in my top ten.  So "easily" is a stretch  yeah, just rattling ten names off the top of my head, LBJ, Dwade, Kobe, Harden, Durant, CP3, Kevin Love, Melo, Parker, Howard.
cpaqpaq1::At just point, i think tony Parker is better
Epicurusxm::Good for you, stats and play on the court say otherwise. I'll spot you CP3, other than that, who is better than Westbrook at PG? Oh and I'm leaving out Rondo b/c of the ACL.
cpaqpaq1::I wouldn't put Westbrook in my top ten.  So "easily" is a stretch
cpaqpaq1::Worst part about this game was that i couldn't watch it because I don't have comcast
walle D_ D::Do you have NBA league pass, as long as its not on NBA TV u should be able to see it.
Dezagcoog::I have what I call an internet pass.
Dezagcoog::And the crud that is comcast strikes again!
Epicurusxm::Didn't get to watch most of this. Any Thunder fans know why DeAndre Liggins didn't play. I read he might have had a sprained ankle, but it doesn't say that's why he missed the game. It's weird that he didn't play if he was healthy, because from what I did see there was a lot of small ball in that game and the Thunder defense was atrocious, especially in the 4th quarter. Would like to see him play more though.
cubsfan33442::Jeremy Lin scores 29 and is an afterthought. Great game by Harden.
celtpride34pp20ra5kg::No it didn't, the thunder lost harden while the heat gained ray Allen and Rasheed Lewis  U guys pissed away your chance at greatness... Shuda kept the same exact team as last year while trying to add a ringchasing cheap vet as insurance to collison (Kenyon Martin) and added a shooter to upgrade on cook (rip, redick)
Epicurusxm::Well yes, b/c his teammate scored 46 and it was 'revenge', I guess? He played a ridiculous game and happy for the dude, just wish it wasn't against the Thunder. The trade worked out for both sides in this case.
jalfmar29::I actually like OKC next to the Rockets. That's why I'm pumped we beat them. Maybe this will propel us  to play other quality West teams tougher.
Heritage Champion::Don't know if anybody noticed this, but Westbrook was crowding the heck outta Durant's space during that last shot attempt to tie it... WOW!
Westjag::I applaud Westbrook for his effort on getting that rebound. How many other players could have done that. Just another day for him . My tv showed we had a timeout. Why we didnt call one to setup a play is beyond me.
Epicurusxm::Westbrook was the reason they had a chance to tie that game. In fact, he probably should've gotten the opportunity for a last shot, because Durant had a wretched shooting night.
