Matthew0222::11 blocks for Hibbert
Excelscior1::Austin Rivers is shooting 32% so far this year. SMH
tani_budde::Good game Pacers, seems like my Hornets could really use a perimeter defender.
Mizzle85::You guys could really use a healthy Davis and Gordon.
HoosierFanInSC--The Second Installment::9 3's, all in the 2nd half and ot? Damn impressive. Hibbert, getting his triple double, by way of blocked shots? Just as impressive. Great win
famman1968::For a few months now I have been using this system called Sportsbettingstar to help pick winning bets. In only 60 days I have managed to double my bankroll by following this system. You can find this system on the front page of google by searching the term Sports Betting System.
CG02536::This is officially the greatest game of the season so far.  Pacers had only 8 TOS INCLUDING OT. George had 9 3s, Hibbert had 11 blocks/Triple Double, Lopez had 21 points despite 3-17 FG.
CG02536::Hibbert technically has a TD  10+ pts, rebounds, blocks
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::Hibbert has had two great games in a row, just needed the fans to get mad at him a little. Great win, glad I was there.
TheJTram::Am I reading this correctly...Roy Hibbert has 11 blocks!?
Taco with a Q::Odd stat of the night is Pacers are tied for 3rd in WINS only...not record but WINS in the east...lol how bizarre??
Rexanilatorz::Pacers have played the most games in the NBA tied with the Mavs
Taco with a Q::Ok??  My point still stands....plus we've played 3 more road games than home...which is nice
.antistratfordian.::King George!
colts8733::Paul George showing flashes of being a star, needs to be more consistent, this San Antonio game will be interesting to see if he has another 6 pt night, or if he is able to get a 20 pt night
jwright520::ill just be interested to see if we win or lose. a win would be HUGE. a loss would be very disappointing, considering how big i think a win would be for us
colts8733::I agree, a win would be huge for one thing it gets us to .500 at 7-7, but also the team will start to believe they are elite again
Taco with a Q::Pacers win and bulls lose!!  LOVE IT!!
bengalsrgay43034::hell yea!! i hate shitcago
BAC454::watch out for 22 year old Paul George all i gotta say
taiwandude::I know it was just the Hornets but another nice win for the Pacers tonight. Hibbert and George stepped up big and proved they could make the plays if they needed to,
just2940::RG3 or LUCK
Taco with a Q::Is that a serious question?
westfielddaddy::RG3 if you like stats.  Luck if you like WINS
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::bulls will win the division again
westfielddaddy::VERY SLOW START...Totally agree.  He is only getting an average of 4 field goals a game.  A 7'2" player should dominate more, but that is to be expected since he was in the all star game last year.  If he put on 10 pounds and got a 15 foot shot, he would be compared to Patrick Ewing!!!
westfielddaddy::Iggy, you would root for Hibbert if he were on the Bulls...Don't even pretend you wouldn't!
Taco with a Q::Yet just got a triple double tonight
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::i would, but he is off to a slow start, career low numbers
westfielddaddy::It's all fun and games until the Bulls fans creep into our conversation.  No Rose = No division title.  It is up for grabs.  Pacers get it if Danny comes back at the all-star break.
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::pacers suck, hibbert sucks as well, and we get rose in a month and a half
Taco with a Q::Keep dreaming...you guys have no chance this year
Taco with a Q::Hibbert has had two good games now...He'll come along now
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::too bad hibbert has been awful
Taco with a Q::When you got George, West and Hibberts as scorers....we dont really rely on Hill getting points however his shooting % is rather good and he doesnt turn the ball over that much...yeah Ill take Hill thank you
westfielddaddy::Yes, but Hill averages 5 Assists per 1 Turnover.  Top 10 in the league.
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::13 and 5 is what some back up PG's average
Taco with a Q::Are you kidding me?  Hill is a solid PG
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::well the pacers were our biggest rival for the division and hibbert has been awful so far, Hill is not a good PG and Granger is injured
Taco with a Q::That means nothing 13 games in the season
BABY IGGY..COMIN UP ROSES.::we're .5 games behind the bucks for 1st
Taco with a Q::Bobcats are freaking 6-4!!!  That makes me not feel so bad about losing to them (even the fact it was their home opener)
Taco with a Q::I just dont get how many people get all butthurt when the Pacers beat them....then they either make the ref excuse or the "Oh if we had such and such healthy we would of won"  GTFO with that S H I T!!!!!  Just take the loss like a true man (or woman)
westfielddaddy::I am a Hoosier, and I kinda like it.  I love the midwest underdog role.  It sure works for the Colts this year!!!
Taco with a Q::lol thats for sure!   Im impressed with the Colts and NOTRE DAME!!!!!
C92400::Hibbert is a beast.
Sacjai::11 blocks!
bengalsrgay43034::NO getting owned more in the game? or in this chatroom? lmao.  2 wins for Indiana here.
FSoccer::No Davis, Gordon is "injured", and Rivers sucks a$$. What did you expect?
bengalsrgay43034::yea im disappointed as well.
FSoccer::Neither did I. I was extremely happy to see the Hornets show up
Taco with a Q::Not an overtime game thats for sure
westfielddaddy::I guess NoVooDoo4409 went back to his Mom's basement.  Or maybe she needed her achy feet rubbed now.   As Bobby Leonard would say, "Good night....The Party's over...."
FSoccer::So did Gordon pull for Indiana tonight?
Taco with a Q::Haters go home!!!  Pacers got this!!!!  Great game
westfielddaddy::Anyone notice George Hill had 7 Assists with Turnovers?  THAT is the key to the success of the Pacers this season.  If you look at his stats, when he has more that 2 TO's, Pacers lose.  Good for him to be the leader he is certainly capable of being.
jwright520::i'll take hill any day of the week over gordon
westfielddaddy::A year ago, every Pacer fan would have dreamed of Gordon to be our starting Guard.  Now that the Pacers have invested $40 million on Hill, it won't happen.  Gordon is so awesome when he is healthy.  Hill is fantastic with the community.  I think they are interchangeable.
FSoccer::I wish NO would trade Gordon for Hill. It will never happen but a man can dream
minifarmgirl12::ppl dat make fun of katrina r sick
nixaceltics::oh, so name calling is ok!!!
Taco with a Q::I know right
westfielddaddy::Katrina who?  Katrina &amp; the Waves?  "I'm walkin' on Sunshine......"
Taco with a Q::Then tell some other classless people to stop making fun of Indiana
Taco with a Q::what is a fagat?  lmao
minifarmgirl12::u r a fagat
bengalsrgay43034::good game guys!! Don't be offended by my statements NO fans, you guys have a nice talented young team, unless you are noovoodoo4409.  Dumb inbreds like him give you guys a bad name!!
SFEST13::Saw Robin Lopez went 15-17 and I was like :O Then I saw Paul George hit 9 threes and I was like :OO Then I saw Roy Hibbert's Triple Double with 11 blocks and I was like :OOO
westfielddaddy::Lost  in all this was Roy's TRIPLE DOUBLE against a pretty darned good defender in Lopez, as well as George braking Reggie's single game record for 3's.  What an awesome game!!!
KLOE416::This just in!  Rivers still sucks
ricky2213::kyrie irving
FSoccer::All Duke players in the NBA suck
westfielddaddy::Nice the Pacers can beat the Hornets without Granger. NOLA = "OH NO, WE SUCK AGAIN!!!" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4jGSvxCRp4
Novoodoo4409::Ok farm boys....back to your night shift at Walmart and stocking inventory for Black Friday...
Taco with a Q::OH BTW wasnt New Orleans NO Orleans in 2005????
Taco with a Q::Im sure youve got a nice little wet P u s s y dont ya?
minifarmgirl12::u r a fagat
hanswagner3::^ This one here is proving the zombie apocalypse is happening right now.
bengalsrgay43034::Go back to being the 2nd dumbest state in the nation.  Go ahead and secede, we don't need all you dumb inbreds that also blamed bush for Katrina.
nixaceltics::Katrina didn't do enough damage!!!!!
westfielddaddy::No problem, in-bred New Orleans ignoramous.
Taco with a Q::All I hear from you is WAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
hanswagner3::The Bucks are really playing the Heat tough... they remind me of last year's Pacers.
mr.indiana football::PACERS WILL KILL THE HEAT
EastCoastSurfing::Last years Pacers that got blown out  two  times by the heat in the regular season?
EastCoastSurfing::NG I am a pacer fan, but they still got blown out twice if you don't remember
NGplayinskillz::I bet your team didn't win against Miami once and the Pacers beat them 3 or more times last year.
Rexanilatorz::Bucks always beat the Heat
royhibbertgoodkisser@yahoo.com::happy thanksgiving guys! one step closer to 500!
Novoodoo4409::Pacers are garbage...hornets without Davis and Gordon and take the corn fed team from nowhere,IN o overtime..lmao...pacers = fertilizer...fact...
westfielddaddy::Voodoo is really butt-hurt.
Taco with a Q::He misses West Im sure
Taco with a Q::You realize we are missing our top scorer too right???
bengalsrgay43034::Louisiana- average iq of 94. 2nd lowest in the nation.
Taco with a Q::Go cry some more loser
Wade_Miley::Robin Lopez might have the weirdest stat-line I've ever seen
snapshot107::at least the man is trying with 17 ft attempts. only 3 fg's for 21 points haha
Ravens n Orioles::Lmao. 21 points on 3-16 shooting
pottedplants17::"Gotta make both of these, Tyler," says [insert name of Pacer's drunk color commentator].
pottedplants17::"That jwright520 is mighty perceptive," says [please tell me who the Pacer's color commentator because I don't know].
jwright520::what the $@% are u talking about
hanswagner3::Robin Lopez has as many FT attempts in this game as he does in all other 9 games combined this season. Do these refs have some kind of man-crush on him?
jwright520::hes having the game of his life
pottedplants17::Who is doing color for the Pacers? "Attaboy, Tyler"?!
EastCoastSurfing::Quin Buckner
Novoodoo4409::Indiana...the most boring bland state in the union...no culture..no identity...just boredom...
mr.indiana football::INDIANA IS BETTER THEN NEWYORK LA AND WHERE IN THE WORLD TO ME
EastCoastSurfing::Arkanas
westfielddaddy::Hey, Voodoo, what all states have you been in?  Do you even know what it is like to be in all 4 seasons?  Or to be in a state that doesn't smell like an armpit?  Or one that people don't talk like they are sloppy drunk?
bengalsrgay43034::The state of Louisiana has the 2nd lowest iq in the nation.  It isn't his fault.
jwright520::lol that actually makes me upset novoodoo. ur a moron
Taco with a Q::Yet we host the NCAA every three years, and just hosted one of the best superbowls...yeah were that boring
bengalsrgay43034::at least we are in the union....stupid inbred racist Louisiana jerks
bengalsrgay43034::Paul George just pecker smacking the competition tonight with his huge shlong dong
Taco with a Q::Pacers are being treated like the road team here
snapshot107::so glad george is on my fantasy squad. crazy night tonight.
leo9212::These Refs omfg Still calling fouls this doesn;t not feel like a home game
Mcfly_2015::george sets a indiana record with 9 three's...this is the same tm that had reggie for 20 years
jwright520::holy $@%! thats surprising
Novoodoo4409::Look at these Midwest boring bland farm boys from nowhere, IN talking smack...lmao...get back to your farm jobs and shucking corn...
leo9212::Well you can go back under the bridge now
Mcfly_2015::hibbert with a triple double
Mcfly_2015::Paul. George.
Kyle Packer Fan09::11 Blocks! Jesus Christ!
leo9212::We won this game. It's over now finally
