Lebroncouldcareless::DAMN NOT EVEN 1000          COMMENTS??         DAMN
Lebroncouldcareless::WHERE WAS HIBBERT  THE OTHER DAY? LOL  -LEBRON
Pacersfan4ever::Now on to the Laker board smh......
jimmy188710::Did Danny Granger not play?
butlerbulldogs87::He is out until they reevaluate his knee in the next couple of days. It is currently swollen.
jimmy188710::Orlando Johnson's becoming a solid player I think we should hold on to him
MinniWolves90::We would've stood a better chance had Pek played. CJ/Stiemsma couldn't stop Hibbert.
saucyminxbaby::You got Pacered!  Bazinga! Punks!
MinniWolves90::Classy.
JollySwagman27::Go Pacers!  I missed this game!  I can't believe that of all the games to miss, i missed the one where Roy Hibbert found his shot!
crooked ernie::why isn't chris johnson getting more minutes?  he is shooting 63 %, Steimsma is horrible most the time.  I think johnson needs to develop so he can be Pek's backup.
MinniWolves90::He's always in foul trouble. He needs to improve on defending without fouling.
PSHS_football::As a Bulls fan I think the Pacers can beat the Heat in 7.    Not to bash your fan base or anything but wow you guys are pathetic.  The Wizards, Cavaliers and Bobcats get more fans a game at home than you guys do.  Sad.
Copious_Fred::That's on Ron Artest, Stephen Jackson, and Jermaine O'neal
wunderrr::Stiemsma 35min, CJ 9min......
MinniWolves90::Foul trouble.
mymomdunkedonyourmom::Been using this bet system called Sportsbettingstar the past few months. Ive made between 2-3k a month each month now since I started following its picks. You can find this system on the 1st page of google by searching for sports betting systems
TheHansomestHoosier::Thanks for a fun board Twolves, good luck the rest of the year!
wunderrr::you too
--Td4mvp3 -::Wow Im really mad now, the twolves get up to play the Spurs but dont show up against the pacers?? what gives??!
MasterOfLogic::In all fairness the Wolves were shooting lights out in the first half.
wunderrr::in all fairness Spurs didnt show up and Wolves had one of their better games with that reserve lineup
scoopjackson_21::In all fairness Duncan and Parker didnt play
Area55andG2::The Pacers are 1 GB from the pace they were on last year  The Bulls are 13.5 GB from the pace they were on last year
MasterOfLogic::71-36... looks like a friggin college game lol
Area55andG2::Bulls made significant progress towards the end of the half, cutting into that 30 point lead.
butlerbulldogs87::How much were they down? They are still down 29...
Area55andG2::It's all good brah, haha
butlerbulldogs87::Gotcha...woosh over my head there lol
MasterOfLogic::That momentum shift should carry right over into the 2nd half, maybe they can make it a 20-point game after the 3rd quarter.
Area55andG2::it was sarcasm. I think they may have made a 3 point run to end the half to be fair
qandrews94::I felt the Pacers were coasting.
qandrews94::When did Ricky get a jump shot? I was shocked when he hit two consecutive 3's tonight.
butlerbulldogs87::Rubio is a cool kid. Definitely someone I would love to cheer for if he was on my team. You guys got something special there.
MasterOfLogic::lol Bulls getting crushed by a cousins-less Kings, priceless.
markduret::Kobe Bryant is hurt.
eidums::Keys to future Wolves success: 1. RUBIO! 2. Get Kevin Love and Budinger healthy; resign AK-47 if he opts out and Pekovic 3. Cut or trade Luke Ridnour and JJ Barea.  Absolute garbage that hurt more than help every night (especially on defense).  At the very least, keep one to back-up Rubio for 10 min a game. 4. Fire Kahn and bring in Flip Saunders.  I don't hate Kahn, but I think Flip would be a great upgrade. 5. Get a SG, either as a rookie (who splits time with Budinger) or sign one through free agency.
John 3663::Wolves have a solid roster they just need to get healthy
Minnysota Vikings::Sounds like a good plan, but what about Shved? You think he has a future with this team? I'm on the ropes with the way he's been playing the last couple months.
PhilMNAP::Ricky Rubio is a boss. The rest of the team is crap (Out of the other healthy ones right now, only Jello and CJ should be kept).
jorlwebb1::<b>Pacers getting Win #40 tonight</b>
jahlove1261::How bout some love for my fellow gaucho OJohnson, Pacer fans - he's starting to get some minutes and showing he can shoot the ball.
hoops 112hoping::can definitely play
EastCoastSurfing::Pulp is a beast, makes up for the  plumlee puzzle
Area55andG2::Bulls Kings has 88 pregame comments.
MasterOfLogic::Because nobody cares about the Bulls... they comment on Pacers boards more than their own.
Area55andG2::it's funny how they try to show us up. After the latest matchup, one of them was still trash talking and claimed he "didn't even bother to watch the game," but found it important enough to argue for the next hour on the board
Martell Faye::<b> It's because of the Kings</b>
The One and Only Lee Collier::40 wins baby!
Martell Faye::<b> Are the Pacers in 2nd place in the East now?</b>
MasterOfLogic::Depends on what happens with the Knicks game tonight.
smreilly22::Yeah, they are.
Martell Faye::<b> Rubio always flirting with a triple double</b>
hoops 112hoping::LOL did that idiot germany say we have no top 30 players? That's funny. West is in that #25-30 range George is in that #15-20 range Go troll somewhere else
Kim Jong-eun::Now what starts with the letter C? Cookie starts with C Let's think of other things That starts with C Oh, who cares about the other things?  C is for cookie, that's good enough for me C is for cookie, that's good enough for me C is for cookie, that's good enough for me Oh, cookie, cookie, cookie starts with C  C is for cookie, that's good enough for me C is for cookie, that's good enough for me C is for cookie, that's good enough for me Oh, cookie, cookie, cookie starts with C  Hey you know what? A round cookie with one bite out of it Looks like a C A round donut with one bite out of it Also looks like a C But it is not as good as a cookie Oh and the moon sometimes looks like a C But you can't eat that, so ... ]  C is for cookie, that's good enough for me, yeah! C is for cookie, that's good enough for me C is for cookie, that's good enough for me Oh, cookie, cookie, cookie starts with C, yeah! Cookie, cookie, cookie starts with C, oh boy! Cookie, cookie, cookie starts with C!  (Cookie Monster eats the cookie) Umm-umm-umm-umm-umm
smreilly22::Lay off the meth.
Taco still needs a Q::I love how the Pacers do their jobs by beating a bad team and trolls come in and say we arent that good, lol so do trolls say that about their team when they beat a bad team as well???   Logic folks!!  Learn it!!
Hot Pockets needs to get laid::This board is no longer as fun.  Later fellas
KU FANS LOVE DISEASES::darren loves cancer.
KU FANS LOVE DISEASES::twolves haters love aids.
alfredoiceman::ok ricky, you've got 2 minutes to get 4 rebounds. the game? who cares? go ricky!!!!!
dpd2::Whats final score? I had pacers -15
Kim Jong-eun::107-91
Area55andG2::use the internet
Darren7605::Good  Timberwolves put back in their place bottom of nba.
Darren7605::Your team is cancer.
KU FANS LOVE DISEASES::you deserve cancer.
TheHansomestHoosier::Whew. 4:01 left in the game still!
Herkaleez::ESPN lag = 3rd rate site
Skylander14::A bit of a lag on ESPN, games has been over for some time
Demon Belly::I thought it was still the 3rd quarter.  My ticker says 82-69 Pacers
MasterOfLogic::LeBron went 8-19 tonight, now shooting .468 in 8 games this month..... I'll say it again, one incredible month doesn't make you a top 5 player, let alone top 10.... pathetic media was ready to crown him the GOAT.  I'm not saying he's not the best right now, he is, but damn, I'm so sick of fools saying how he's already way better than Magic, Bird, Abdul-Jabbar etc.
GaspoMinnyFan981::Alright next game is vs the rockets
I Pee On You. You Pee On Me. We All Pee On Each Other.::Ninaongea Kiswahili kidogo tu.
