sports_IQ::Good win on the road and best of all, GREAT to see Shump back and getting back to form as well as STAT who looked like his old self for the 1st time in awhile.  If he keeps attacking the rim like that getting to the FT line, he's going to be a problem and have teams in the penalty early which reduces aggressiveness on D.   Keep it up and smack BK on Monday!  GO NY
wetsupahshhh::It was a neutral site game...
dtomasette::Kobe isnt very good
nba is the worst::<b>Kobe's 17 bricks weren't enough to pass 'melo for the bricks per game lead: 1. 'Melo 11.71 .460 FG% 2. Kobe 11.51 .474 3. Westbrick 10.74 .421 4. Love 10.72 .352 5. Monta 10.63 .401 6. Felton 9.93 .396 7. Harden 9.79 .447 8. Jennings 9.71 .406 9. Gay 9.63 .417 10. Aldridge 9.62 .465</b>
Rkingofqueens::You do know 46+ fg% is excellent for a scorer?
RO7NY::Watching Amare and Shumpert out there doing their thing makes any Knicks fan feel confident about our chances.  I can't wait to see what a fully conditioned and back into rhythm Shump and Amare are going to do to help this team.
Paul78655::Frank has to go
SayItAintSoTeo1984::Ive been following this betting system called SportsBettingStar a few months ago.  Since I joined, Ive doubled my earnings in just my first 60 days using it.
cats_beat_bulls::WHO CARES IF THE PISTONS LOST A HOME GAME ITS NOT LIKE THEY WERE GOING TO WIN THIS GAME ANYWAY AND THERE NOT GOING TO THE PLAYOFFS SO GO TO LONDON AND HAVE SOME FUN :
LigiRuiz::Steve Novak won this game for them.
cats_beat_bulls::LOL
SRQBetterThanYou::i'm so tired of the knicks getting  zero respect.
cats_beat_bulls::WHAT???
cats_beat_bulls::REAL IMPRESSED BY SHUMPERT. KNICKS LOOK A LOT BETTER WHEN HES ON THE COURT.
yuiop1234444::espn is boston bias...    dont fall for their propaganda..............the network is based out of CT......the executives and producers are from boston..    they talk about about high market teams ...but in a negative light.........but never and rarely talk about boston teams in a negative... light..    watch sportscenter...its not about sports...its like TMZ....they are all about ratings never show highlights
EuropeDude1981::is there any form of compensation for the 'home' team losing home-court advantage in games like these?
dychen::I'm sure they still get a percentage of ticket sales.  That's why it's ususally a crappy home team that goes out there since they probably wouldn't sell out otherwise.
NYballer6969::David Stern promises that next year's game in England will be a more competitive one . He will have the Charlotte Bobcats playing the Detroit Pistons .
Ontario925::Will be interesting how the East and West Conference top finishers end up in April.
.New_York_For_The_Win.::Good win Knicks
thyshakes::ISO Carmela's playoff record is NBA's worst in 20 years". 0.308.   Look it up.
Matt25261992::jump off the Verrazano Bridge
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::NO ONE cares but you, with your obsession with Melo.
Hugo Steiglitz::This is what you just said, "muk buh buh buhh wahh poo map doo doo pappy."
-Td4mvp3 -::GO SPURS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;)
shomu1978::All the Knicks hate in these boards is just odd....usually people hate teams that dominate for a very long time...or a team that are loaded with a bunch of bullies....Knicks are basically neither....if anything....if you are not a Knicks fan...I can see you being almost feeling sorry for this franchise since they haven't won a playoff series in so long.
thyshakes::Hahahaha.... What grade is ISO Melo in? Maybe Dolan needs to invite Melo's mom to sit-in every game in case the big bad wolf showed up again.
biger_deeds::http://youtu.be/OsG03ZG7W-0
biger_deeds::http://youtu.be/OsG03ZG7W-0
Brickyyy Rubio::how did carmella anthony play tonight
Redskin player suffered a Wounded Knee - Ironic::Do mean Carmelo Anthony, leader of the 2nd best team in the East - 2nd leading scorer in the league - owner of 1 NCAA national title and 2 olympic medals, and starter on this years East allstar team?  He dropped 26 to answer your question
thyshakes::#1 in ball hogging  #1 in self ego  #1 in being a cry baby.  But the one that takes the crown is "Carmela's playoff record is NBA's worst in 20 years".  0.308.  Look it up.
King_Melo_7::Carmella?
garnolfini::Felton will portray Oprah in a bio-pic about her life.
Hugo Steiglitz::With or without his unnecessary glasses?
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::NBA franchise in Europe, yea right.  Good luck with exhausted players.  It's bad enough when they fly across the country.  They'll have to fly across the Atlantic too?
csebelle::Does London ever get consideration of having a franchise?  I think they would need at least 2-3 EURO teams to make it work...It seems like the market might be there...but could it last...too many TV timeouts probably...and the travel would be a killer
garnolfini::West coast teams would nix it.
BestBagelEver::In order to avoid more technicals, Carmelo is changing his name to Melo World Peace
MasterOfLogic::Wow, Amare with 17 points on 5 shots..... that is really efficient.
Bear94307::How could I have missed this epic classic? Hopefully the planes crash on their way back to the states. WHO CARES ABOUT THE NBA????
cjbrown4587::Explain to me why you're on this board then?  Shouldn't you be on an NFL board crying about the Bears choking again?
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::alright, the pistons lost and everything... but this drummond kid is a baller. he could end up being the best player of this rookie class
celticshater::he'll be the 2nd best behind davis. both guys have superstar potential.
kjabeast4123::i lthe beast of bassktebal;ll
kjabeast4123::lknowoo
TexasSuperFanMan::Drummond playing great as usual
inityminiwur::Shumpert's back, Amare's steadily progressing...Knicks have to be talking about championship now.
RO7NY::Kmart
5809Mike::they need another big guy if wallace is done. I think signing K-mart would fill the gap.
BestBagelEver::How about Kris Humphries
screamingreenz::How many days rest did the Knicks get before this game, 4?  Good grief.
cpkirkley::They flew to london. Duh?  They had also played 4 games in 5 nights before the trip, so...
NYballer6969::David Stern can't leave the NBA to soon . 25 years ago he was a genius , today he is old, tired and can't tell what the right thing in the NBA is anymore ! You try to promote the NBA in England and you send a Team in the Detroit Pistons, who won't be a .500 team in 10 years, playing against a very good team !  He fines SA for benching players ,because the coach didn't want them playing their 5th game in 7 days. SA played 41 games , while Minny played 35 games so far , why the hell is their a 6 game discrepancy in played games ? 6 games is like 2 weeks of basketball ! Retire already David !
BXwarriorBX::shump stat line looking good
maleckej::how long is Detroit stuck with prince and that horrible contract?  he is god awful.
RO7NY::Prince was never really that good anyway, he is a role player.... He just played on a very good team (at that time) with Billups, Wallace and Wallace, Rip Hamilton, etc.
cpkirkley::Prince is not the problem. Sad to see his game declining, but Detroit is just an AWFUL defensive team.
Kerby5436::whats horrible is he stayed in detroit
Destruct0id::Why is Shump listed as a point guard when he's a shooting guard?
Camthers89::He's a combo guard. He played pg for Gtech
Kerby5436::point comin out of georgia tech
Super Bowl NFL 11-11-93::Norris Cole's flat top &gt; Iman Shumpert's flat top
Jrunes520::my left nut &gt; cole's talent and production
JPP...SMASH::and also Shumps top &gt; Cole's top
Camthers89::Iman Shumpert's talent and production&gt;Norris Cole's talent and production
Kerby5436::hater
Jamaal 43::JR is going to make the all-star bench; I agree with TNT
maleckej::he won't be the only bench player to make it.  crawford will probably make it from LA.
DUANESKEE::Sure hope so.
Jamaal 43::Starting line was nice - Melo, Shump, Kidd, Copeland and TY.
RO7NY::@mac... you beat me to it.  Shump will start Kidd will come off the bench that way he always rested... and Shump has to be on the court because of his great defense.
Mac Laurenz::Kidd will be coming off the bench Shump will start.
shomu1978::Playoff line up will be - Felton, Kidd, Melo, Amare, Tyson.....with Smith, Shump, Novak and Copeland (and whoever gets healthy among Sheed/Camby) seeing a lot of bench minutes.
Kerby5436::might be one for the future little youth little exp
DUANESKEE::Knicks are gonna run away with the Atlantic.
Kerby5436::amare is back shump is gettin better ............. back in the saddle ready to win meaningful games now baby
Kerby5436::can u read and understand what u read?
caseygreer2::lol, Detroit Pistons game is meaningful in the East. Man, the East is so terrible....
RO7NY::There is only 1 team that comes out of the East or West, so not matter how many good teams either conference has, there's only 1 survivor at the end... and the Knicks and Heat are very capable of beating ANY western conference playoff team.  You don't need 8 great teams... just 1.
sworthin117::How does Bynum only get two rebounds...
Matt25261992::cracked up
atom_UP::I laughed hard....
DUANESKEE::Dummy.
jroc21::Haha classic.
BearJWS::Because he's 5'11 Will Bynum.... not 7'0" Andrew Bynum....
NY is my domain::lol
rgcctx::What is all the fasting about?
DUANESKEE::Cleans Body and Soul.
Yaviah407::veggie, no meats on your meals
BestBagelEver::Help -- I have 2 day jobs and couldn't see game.  How active was Stoudemire?  Was he a monster underneath and on the boards, or flat footed and slow to get down court?
DUANESKEE::He looked more active then before,this year. Hit 12 freethrows.
TheJTram::Dead serious Drummond needs to start
BearJWS::Right on... How does Detroit only play him on average 18 minutes a game?  He got another double-double again today.  Imagine his at 30+ mins a game.  They need to start him &amp; Monroe together.  Monroe would be awesome at PF.
Mike468957::shumpert is back the biggest steal in the nba draft that year
BearJWS::He certainly bricked shots like he was back!  Yes, I'm a Knick fan, so I know he's back!
Knicks_Rule_003::Welcome Back Shumppppp
CommitmentToExcellence1975::Been betting with this online system called SportsBettingStar for the last few months.  Ive made over 3K per month now for 3 straight months since I started following the system.  This was on the first page of Google when I looked for Sports Betting Systems.
baffig::wow shump looked good stat when felton gets back we have the teamthat wil run over everyone
