Carmelloisfake::Damn not many pacer fans, all rockets fans and loser heat fans.  How bout Paul George??? Hope he makes the allstar team.  It doesn't help that Jrue holliday is tearing it up as well.  Holy crap, what if we drafted Holliday instead of Hansbrough, we would have two of the youngest and talented players in the league.
WOOPZZZ::paul who?
Taco with a Q::GEORGE MOFO
Norris Coles Flattop::Rockets loss this game because of their Big Man not converting ANY of those Harden/Lin passes! As soon as Harden had to stop passing they took advantage of that and started sending out double teams where Harden would either pass and get picked off, pass and a big man miss, pass and Lin holds the ball and passes late in the shot clock, or take a bad shot over 2 defenders. No excuse for Rockets big man to be missing that many shots.
Carmelloisfake::Asik played well
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::pacers sux lmao
Carmelloisfake::lol look at his screen name.  must have an iq of room temperature.
Thehorseshoe20::funny how Miami Heat fans have to come on the Pacers board now because they are scared of Indiana, Paul George dominated Lebron and Pacers whooped that $@% a week ago.
NYRangers_Are_COMING13-14::LMAO Lin sucks hahaha 32 minutes played, 10 pts 3 assists bahaha, he had as many turnovers as assists, what a loser. and his fans are ugly bastds who cry themselves to sleep when people make fun of there pathetic point guard.,.
Queen88022::Did you watch the game(s)?  How could Lin assist if he didn't even have the ball on hand?   The whole story about Rox is Harden is playing PG. Cmon, dude. Go and watch you NYRangers. Loser.
JasonY79::Haha. His hate and obsession is funny (but also kind of sad). I'm guessing he's having a rough childhood.
Panthersboy2009::last night was the 12th straight at home i counted like 5 times.  last home loss was December 7th against Denver
great_chandell::Houston is just awful on the road. Period.
nba is the worst::Typical of young teams.
Docker2.o::I can't believe some of you are blaming the coach for Houston's woes. McHale did a great job with this team when most people didn't expect anything from them. I do think Harden is shooting a tad bit to much but this team needs time. The worst thing that could have happened to Lin was leaving NYC. They were willing to wait on him and Kidd was going to train him and work with him on his game. Now on ESPN, Lin is mostly am after thought. Linsanity won't ever be as big as it was with the Knicks, unless he finds a way to LA.
mountain1955::The reason why poeople blamed  Rockets coaches for losing is because they played harden and lin totally in a wrong way now. Harden is an excellent SG not a PG. his job is to score and do catch and shoot tasks but he took over Lin's job and did poorly now. Before they did good because other teams haven't figured out but now they all made strong defense to harden's play so coach should change game plan and let lin organized offense. Harden can do the PnR with lin and they would be much better. Look at lakers, Kobe is the best SG and he still let nash controll the ball.  Now it seems players all lost their confidense and did a lot of isos.That will not win anything. And Mchale doesn't have any better game plan to stop other teams. Another big reason is this team really is lack of experience and depth. Those veteran teams know how to defeat a young team by making them turnovers. No matter how good Harden and lin played, they really need time to become a strong team. I don't expect them in playoffs.
mountain1955::Lin did have some TO issues if he controlled ball but so far Harden is the number 3 or 5 in TO issues. But since Harden's play not working, why coach just tried lin as main pg to see how it works. they should trust lin to do his game instead of distracting him. lin could shoot much better once he was the main PG consistenly because shooting needs basic instinct and confidense from the play. Why lin could not shoot good like last year? it's because he couldn't play his game consistently.
Docker2.o::I think coaching sees something in practice we don't see, like maybe Lin's questionable ball handling skills, which is why Harden handles the ball more. Lin does have a problem going left. I think Lin is better in half court sets than he is in full court sets and this team is a full court team.  I guess we can agree that unless Harden goes down, we won't be able to tell how Lin truly is.
Jake2020::Heat fans getting on Pacers board because they know were going to kick their $@% in the playoffs because Wade and Bosh suck now.
nba is the worst::Too bad the Pacers can't play more than half their games at home
Taco with a Q::As well as any NBA team
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::go die
nba is the worst::Pacers fan?
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::pacers r such a joke n joke city''  just my 2 sense tho
Jake2020::p*ssy
Jake2020::dwade will have the flu in the playoffs and wont play. hes a tool. and a $@%!$
317DeeDee::pacers will be fighting with miami for that #1 spot when granger comes back #pacernation
Jake2020::Paul George &gt; Dwyane Wade
nba is the worst::heat won't be a 1 seed
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::GOOD JOKES LOL
Boyanime2K13::lol
convolutedthought::Harden ihas the ball too much..Lin should be the PG and have the offense go through him
kingkingston69::blaming the coach is pointless, this team was never projected to even be a 500 team and yet at the moment they are and with the youngest squad in the NBA.
lomahtw::all teams are starting to figure it out on how to play Harden and the Rockets will get worse if the coaches are not figuring out some new game plans and are only sticking to 'Harden do it all and try again next game' game plan, I think the Rockets will not improve much.  We can't just blame just Harden cuz it is not fair to him at all.  It is time for the coaches do something better for Harden and the Rockets.   The rocket game plan(s) is/are now so predictable that every team knows how to play them.  When the Rockets are not playing well, it always 'give the ball to Harden' for iso and wish he will lead the team to win.  Recently it didn't work at all as the opponent teams already knew that.  Mchale should also work on his player rotation as it has always been the same. The Rockets also mix up their player's roles and positions.  It is so often that you can see TD, Harden, Lin, Parsons and even Delfino were playing the PG position at  the same time when they were all on the court.  It could be seen in recent losing games and that shouldn't have happened for any NBA team.  The coaches are very a disappointment and I don't see there will be any changes in future games.
kingkingston69::they are tired, they have had a crazy schedule with no rest, it will get better in the second half of the season, also being the youngest team in the NBA you will go through stretches like this
kingkingston69::i think Asik said it best   Asik said. “There are all sorts of defense for us. I tried to play offense. But if you cannot defend teams, you cannot win the games.”
tungcn2010::Translation: "Our coaching sucks"
lomahtw::in any sport worlds, the only or best way to get your coach fired is to keep losing.  it  works in every team sport.  While we are blaming the player(s), we should take a look at the Rockets coaching team closely.  This coaching team is really bad in many ways and we have had enough games to prove it.  Mchale and Sampson are simply not good coaches and they will go if the Rockets keeps losing.  Of course the players (all) should share the blame too but the coaches are a bigger problem here.  Everyone is free to look back all the games they played so far.  you be the judge but please watch them closely and objectively.
contactchingching@yahoo.com::Michale doesn't like Lin' turnover so take away his PG role. He totally forgot when Lin makes those huge # turnover, Houston got the win. Good things happen when Lin gets more aggressive. When Mchale decide to give the ball to Harden, he makes even more turnover cause his iso play, suddenly team chemistry gone. Kevin Mchale always ignore Harden's turnover, remember he is second highest in the league. I don't blame Harden took many shoot in a game but don' t force yourself in iso position. As I say it before right after New York game when Lin take over, Houston almost unstoppable at that moment . Harden play as SG still score25-30 points a game, everybody seems happy and at least 5 double digit scoring for each person.  In such short period of time, how can Coach Mchale forget this so quickly, because from his eye there is only one man he  can trust and like "Harden". Mchale didn't  realize how Lin can bring this team to and make everybody better. Harden of course got the biggest talent in this team even top five in the league but think about it who can makes this team better? Answer is too obvious , Lin. Both Lin and Harden has to work together in order to success, just let them play his own role. Not just let Lin be a spot shooter.when Harden's assist pass Lin is not a good sign, I am not saying Harden is bad passer but it tells you Harden just take over Lin'spot. Especially when team is trailing, Harden trying his own effort to make this team come back. To be a great player you have to control yourself, be smart. Basketball is not just judging how many point's you put on the board, those who cares about the stats are so stupid and doesn't know basketball, suddenly from most fun to watch team become the worst team at the moment. Kevin Mchale you still think your player are tired and no energy and makes so many turnovers. You totally wrong, there is a chain reaction in between them, Isolation or post up can be used upon the situation but not always. You have to mix pick and roll more often in order let other four player moving their feet instead just standing around while Harden making his iso play. That will cause you the defense rebound while nobody near the rim after Harden' miss.   Resulting the half court defense collapse after losing defense rebound. Can't see when Mchale can figure this out maybe never!
jason_bautista::Language doesn't matter sir if you just want to stress a point of view.  If you think about it, Americans are also one of those group of people who are ignoring the correct usage of English.  Their slang is one of the worst but does it become a hindrance in understanding whatever they're saying?  I guess even English language underwent a lot of evolution to the point that even now, if you compare it to old English, you'll detect a lot of error.
myespn007::You're an idiot for calling him "sir" and reasoning with the $@%!$@.
Royaljayhwk::You wrote this like you are an Asian  that isn't very strong with the English language....
Mott the Hoop::Only an idiot would say this!
myespn007::And your English was well written? I laughed. You couldn't even write one sentence correctly.
sportsfan1014::Houstion, we have a coaching problem..
brothertin9394::When a coach doesn't know how to leverage two of the most explosive guards in the league, he is the problem!!!
ChuckOlajuwon::It was a good run Rockets.  Looks like its all over way too soon as usual.  Another mediocre season, probably a ninth seed as usual.  Never get a good pick because of it.  Now we are losing to Eastern teams, so you know the season is over.
Drew6855::How did it look facing the #1 defense in the league? East ain't pushovers and you just found out.
TheTruthDontLie7::All year been waiting Lin this Lin that Linsanity but where Lin? Where his fastbreak shot? I dont like this I really hate harden or parson when they dont like Lin I dont like them back becaz their dumb coach dont like Lin. Lin was best player i ever saw with Knick so not his fault 2 hater coach (plus) team dont hate cuz of Lin this Lin that
Royaljayhwk::I bet you are of Asian descent....
jason_bautista::And your point is?  Is that the best you can do to refute his opinion?
JSCPDX::Houston: Problem is not offense. It's defense. You gotta make stops when it counts.
JasonY79::You tout Harden's ability to make other players better and also emphasize defense. Harden is Houston's biggest defensive liability by a wide margin. He's just awful.
ChuckOlajuwon::Well thats obvious.  They have only been the number one or number two scoring team in the whole league all season.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::No one can defend besides Asik.  You're not gonna win that way so it's pointless to try.  This team is built to outscore opponents and they were doing that just fine earlier.  Just as Indiana wins by outdefending, not outscoring.  You stick to your strengths.
JasonY79::As long as Lin splits duties with others as PG, this team is going to lose and lose badly. The coach is clueless and probably ignorant, too.
JSCPDX::Maybe. I think that Lin is a good PG but not the answer. In the end, it has to be Harden's ability to make other players better. It his team right now and until he can figure out how to share the ball better the Rockets will lose more than win.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::Harden is supposed to be the SG.  The PG is the one that naturally makes everyone better.  Lin has already done that with scrubs last year so you know it can be done.  Harden does not make everyone better otherwise you would've seen something by now.  It's a problem when he has more assists than Lin.  Clearly there is an overlap in position.  Mcfail has no idea what he's doing and it shows.  You can see the problem in LA right now when players aren't used properly.
matt25485::Rockets fans, you shouldn't judge your offense too harshly when you are going up against the #1 defense in the league, You guys scored more than our average allowed points a game which is 89, you guys scored 95 not bad.
JSCPDX::I'm not sure Rocket fans are judging too harshly. I think they expect to win when they pay that much $$ for Harden and Lin... they just want to win. Good fans in my opinion.
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::Rockets issues in no particular order: 1. Poor coaching.  You have enough pieces to have a decent team but you have no idea how to use them.  Especially crucial for a young team. 2. No solid backup SG.  (Cook and now Anderson...ughh) 3. Asik is the most useless Mr. Double Double I've ever seen.  He fumbles half the passes he gets and his rebounds don't amount to much since the other guys can't seem to score.  Fouls too easily as well. 4. Patterson/Morris/revolving door of PF's.  Easily our weakest position.  Seriously anyone can start here and you'll see the lack of effect it has on the game. 5.  Smith belongs to the Patterson/Morris/Player X class of players who seem to be able to do a little of everything and not good at any one thing. 6.  Everyone has shooting issues.  No one is consistent.  Harden is the most consistent but even that's not saying much.  If the positions are ever fully fleshed out I believe this would help them get comfortable and in turn help their confidence to shoot better. 7.  No solid backup C.  See 4 and 5 above..
pistol111847::good night ( or good morning) everyone. See you on the board tonight. Unfortunately we need to keep losing to get rid of McHale but I will be rooting for a win nevertheless. Losing though may be a "Silver Lining Playbook"...
pistol111847::Rockets problems:  1. McHale 2.McHale 3. Mchale 4. Same as 1-3 5. Etc., etc, etc.
contactchingching@yahoo.com::Mchale's fault for sure
JSCPDX::Agree.
Dogcatcher76::Rocket's problem: 1.Parsons plays too much time 2.Harden needs a reliable backup.(miss too many(try to draw foul)layups resulting more misses &amp; TOs  ) 3.Asik still has to work on his "BUTTERFINGER" problem off+def 4.Patterson needs to help Asik by getting more rebounds 5.Greg smith has the size but too bad he doesn't have the height to backup Asik= still need aother center 6.Morris + Patterson + Lin plz work on ur jump shot. Missed way too many OPEN jump shot 7.Mchale....sigh...what's your plan with Toney Douglas???
luckywin7::man here we go again, harden/mchale fck up again..........again and again
fred3857::Harden 5 for 19,Patterson 3 pts, Morris &amp; Smith both 0 pts, Lin only 3 asts less than Harden 7, Delfino 5,Parsons 4, all proved they played a terrible mix-up games. How could this kind of team win a tiny game.
sagematic::There's a definite role confusion.  No one knows what they are supposed to be doing.
NewAges::Rockets' problems:  Both Lin's and Harden's best skill is driving to the basket. Both Lin's and Harden's is inconsistent on jump and 3-point shots ( Harden is better when he is hot) The rest of the Rockets are also inconsistent jump and 3-point shots  All the opponents have to do is defend heavily inside the perimeter then they win....
houstonderek::Les doesn't like defense. He wouldn't have canned Van Gundy otherwise.
pistol111847::You forgot to mention the most important thing - their DEFENSE SUCKS!!  This is something that can be fixed with good coaching and DESIRE to play it!
WOOPZZZ::some of the games during the losing streak were definitely winnable. its not lack of talent, it's lack of quality coaching
woodylamb::Good coaching is particularly  important to the young team.
pistol111847::Agreed!
woodylamb::I am just tired of saying that Rockets have coaching problems. Mchale's  playbook is flimsy and wimpy.
houstonderek::We have a coach???
pistol111847::He has a playbook???
sagematic::Mchale's play book is too predictable
woodylamb::Don't blame the players. Rockets are handled poorly. The boys are flat and nowhere to look for.
WOOPZZZ::whats with you beard? you did a 180 and pro-lin now? are you faking it?? it's too good to be true. i think you're brainwashed!!
houstonderek::Lin will grow into a decent to good PG, but he won't be great. He's a better than average role player, not a superstar.
houstonderek::Yep. I'm an idiot for not recognizing the next D. Williams and C. Paul. Lin's a superstar, what was I thinking?
JasonY79::Yes, let's put limitations on his future like the villains in those underdog movies...you're an idiot.
WOOPZZZ::he's already decent. he can become very good
pistol111847::Well I guess he's been watching the games and realized that Lin has improved as the stats show he has. I give him a lot of credit for paying attention to the FACTS and making conclusions. I'm amazed at the haters who ignore the facts and just continue to argue against them.
WOOPZZZ::word. they just trolls
pistol111847::He's pro truth. Apparently you can't handle the truth. Harden is a great player and Lin is a good player but he recognizes for the team to win they both need to play their position. It's a team thing not individual ....
WOOPZZZ::no it's because for the entire season beardlikeharden has been spewing anti-lin stuff here on the boards
pistol111847::I had MSG last year and watched every Knicks game. Lin was not hesitant to shoot at all which tells me his reluctance to shoot this year is due to coaching...
houstonderek::We have a coach???
pistol111847::Yo batpeeps - do you come out at night??
batpeeps::damn!! are u still here dude??
cityhunter4::stop it, Lin sucks, stop with all the excuses on why Lin sucks, he just does
fred3857::Harden can't defense effectively,nor he can offense easily by same penetration every time.
pistol111847::I know him and you're right
Stanley5826::This guy cityhunter is a NY troll.  Must be a melo lover.
pistol111847::I'm a Lin fan and I just enjoy watching him play. He certainly has not been a superstar this year (although he was last year) but I love watching team ball which he is great at. To me ISO play is boring and ultimately is not successfull.
houstonderek::McHale isn't a good coach. Never was. But, apparently Les isn't interested in a good coach, he fired the last really good one because the "superstar" he crippled the team with didn't pan out. I doubt Phil could have won anything with T-Mac as his "stud" player.   Lin is serviceable, but he isn't the superstar his fans seem to think he is. Too much hyperbole on both sides of that debate.
Area55andG2::Lin sucks how?
pistol111847::right on brother!
Beardlikeharden::lin is a developing pg who is happy in houston just not getting enough touches because of mchales poor coaching this whole board came to a conclusion that its mchales fault.
WOOPZZZ::wow you still here beard?
Mcfly_2015::granger + george + west + #1 defense = nba finals
FunkVolumeOF::+ hill.
pistol111847::Hey Lin - GET in the CORNER and ORDER CHINESE on your CELL while my boy Harden goes ISO!  -Mchale
pistol111847::Nah leave of absence doesn't work - Sampson still followed McHale's orders. Remember benching Lin the whole OT against Portlland even though TD was getting torched by Lillard?
houstonderek::Well, seeing as we keep firing coaches and hiring worse ones (seriously, we fired Van Gundy because T-Mac was soft, fragile and a waste of million of dollars?), maybe McHale should, I dunno, take another leave of absence and let the assistants that engineered our mini-win streak take over again?
houstonderek::Harden is MUCH better than T-Mac. No signs of needing feminine hygiene products or spa treatments from him yet.   As to Sampson, well, good or bad, he got more out of this same group than McHale seems to be able to. Personally, I think McHale may be tanking it on purpose because he's still mad that Ralph Sampson tried to beat up that punk who peaked at UCLA...
sagematic::Sampson sucks too and he appears to adore chandler and hate lin
Beardlikeharden::harden is better than t-mac.
Beardlikeharden::harden wants pizza rolls lol new nick name pizza rolls and dumplings.
pistol111847::Hey you Lin - GET in the CORNER and GET the FU*K OUT of Harden's WAY!  - Mchale
Mcfly_2015::paul george is a BEAST
sagematic::Yea, he was amazing.  Wish the rockets had someone like him.  I blame  Mchale.  he sucks at developing players
johnnyx2011::Fresno State represent...who would have thought of that.
pistol111847::Maybe they should give Lin a broom while he's in the corner to sweep up Harden's sweat.
pistol111847::Everyone should admit that a PG who is told to stand in the corner and who averages over 12 pts., 6 assists, 2 steals and around 4 rebounds a game is doing damn well! How many players would stand in the corner without rebelling??
pistol111847::A PG is supposed to be in a pass first role. Didn't you know that?? I do agree however that he is reluctant to shoot and does pass up shots. I will tell you that I had MSG last year and watched every Knick game. There was no hesitancy to shoot there which tells me it's a problem with coaching.
Beardlikeharden::he does get the ball hes just not confident in himself yet seems like hes playing a pass first roll rather than shooting he just needs to get some confidence and thats by having harden limiting his shots.
chrisausten1203::Nope. Lin's problem is not his confidence, and, if you are familiar with his career, confidence is never a problem for him. The problem is the coaches' playbook.
Stanley5826::When all our 3 PFs only score 3 points and got 6 rebounds in total, we r in deep $$hit.
fred3857::It's funny that nobody is a starter last season now in Rox except Lin, a partial starter when Linsanity. How could you expect them win a game when every team knows how to defense one-way iso Harden's team.
mpdalry1::I said last week that the Rockets would be lucky to be 8th seed when it's all said and done.  Rockets fans had a hissy fit and acted like I was soooooo out of line.  Rockets are a 500 caliber team.  And will continue to show as the seasons wares on. Rockets are still a couple players from being a real playoff contender.  But they are close.
houstonderek::No, they're a competent coach away from being decent, a stud and a good role player (assuming a real coach, and not some punk riding on the "I was a Celtic when b-ball was a real sport" farce) from being serious contenders.   However, it'll take Les admitting he screwed up when he ditched Van Gundy and hiring a coach players like and respond to before anything can happen. McHale isn't the guy.
mksatx::Pacer plays d and then youngin go off for 31.  Man rockets got a ways to go.
NewAges::Good coach should know their players' skills and maximize those skills. It is not the case with the Rockets
fred3857::Harden sucked for 6 games that cause lose.
pistol111847::Agreed. Everyone except Harden and Parsons are being minimizes.
NewAges::Maybe the coaches try to built the team for next season. Other why I don't understand why they let Lin plays spot shooter, who is worst at jump shot shooter.
pistol111847::good point (no pun intended). No self- respecting PG would go stand in the corner. Lin should tell McHale to fu^^ off.
brothertin9394::Absolutely!!!
pistol111847::Hard to improve when you're told to hand the ball to Harden and go stand in the corner. Actually his statistics are pretty amazing considering this.
fred3857::Harden and Parson can't play the ball without dribble, Asik can't score easily at the paint,with Patterson ,Smith and Morris sucked, Lin's asst will suck too. If Rox don't play different way to move time to time from Harden's system to Lin's,they will lose play-off finally.
Beardlikeharden::but dragic and harden might be fighting.
Beardlikeharden::lin needs to be more in control at times dragic would of been a better fit just saying even though I do like LIN!
5856Rach::I like Jeremy but I only got one word for him ---IMPROVE. He will be all right.
brothertin9394::I think Lin should be more aggressive and demanding on the ball... just go to Mchale and say - let me shoot the f ball...
5856Rach::Jeremy Lin is not  playing the All-Star.      BUT he got invited to VATICAN as a Rockets !!!!  He probably will meet the Pope' Pope Benedict xvi says:   Jeremy, will you sing "Ava Maria" instead of  "Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel " ?  Jeremy says: Certainly, your holiness, would you let my secret handshake you?
johnnyx2011::It's just that Lin isn't catholic so that wouldn't happen. Maybe it's just your hallucination.
Beardlikeharden::w8 what are you on?
pistol111847::Why can't people see that when you have your SG playing PG and your PG standing in the corner that you have a problem?? Harden leads the league in turnovers because of this and still people don't see it. It's a conflict of interest - Harden gets paid to score NOT facilitate othe people scoring. PLEASE let him play his position which he is excellent at!
fred3857::It's funny that nobody can play alley-oop and be a stater last season. How could you expect the coach to build team's confidence. Let's compare with POR by D &amp; O: Aldridge&gt;&gt;&gt;Asik Batum&gt;&gt;Harden&gt;&gt;&gt;Parsons Lilliard&gt;Lin Others&gt;&gt;&gt;Patterson,Morris,Smith  So,Rox will never get into the play-off if no more good player joins.
sagematic::Mchale appears to be poor at building up players' confidence
pistol111847::Hopefully McHale. I feel bad for his personal tragedy but maybe they can give him a front office or marketing job. He does have charisma but unfortunately he is a poor coack.
Jason Stone Lee::I want to know who is Morey's next target.
Beardlikeharden::agreed.
Beardlikeharden::yea I have thought about that we need a dominate moble center asik is so good on the glass and on defense though I just dont know the team is young.
fred3857::But Asik 's TO is too much.
sagematic::Asik is improving on offense too.  He's catching the ball some of the times.
Beardlikeharden::Delfino has not been consistant
Jason Stone Lee::3s' is never the best choice until you can not approch the basket.
