8SportMan::Bynum 37pts 16rebs against memphis while cousins goes 19 and 12 against no defense GS.  Do you kings fans still think cousins is better than Bynum?
Carebare5000::Why did we give this moronic coach an extension? I mean does he still not understand that running THREE PGs in the starting lineup is $@%!$@% stupid?
JBurhenn253::except there arent three pg's in the starting line up. just because it says pg next to their name doesnt make them a pg. you have a true pg in thomas and a true 2 guard in thorton. tyreke is a 2-3.
aikens97::jimmer needs more PT. and klay thompson should be the go-to guy for the warriors. because curry ankle is weak as a bitchh!
JBurhenn253::wait why? why does jimmer need more pt? he got 16 mins last night and did nothing with it. took 6 shots and had 3 pts and did nothing else but register 1 foul. no rebounds, no assists, no steals. a few weeks ago you jimmer jockeys were calling for jimmer to just get 15-20 mins a game. well he got it, now you want even more pt. will you ever be satisfied
j_erick11::Yeah, when he's playing 48 minutes a game. Seriously, I just want him to be on a team where the coach at least pretty set rotation. They should try to get Di'Antoni now that he is unemployed.  Also, every player has had off nights and on nights all season. It was Thorton and Jimmer's turn last night, you see the ball rotation is lacking, but the bad game rotation is working fine.
warkoch::Jimmer is a good player but I don't think they need another guard taking minutes. IT has really come into a groove
dflo4343::That was a HUGE trade by Mil and Gsw
henrik owns marty::isaiah thomas should be playing more. what is keith smart thinking? he is more interested in making people happy rather than winning i guess.
dpackrules::What people are forgetting is that the bucks have lost 24 games and in 18 0f them they were tied or had the lead with less then 3mins remaining while bogut and Jackson were on the bench. The reason they lost was because they did not have a go to guy for scoring in the final minutes! Ellis can create and score in these situations witch will make Jennings even better and that is something we haven't had since Allen and Cassel! We actually gained D in the middle with Udoh and he is signed for three years. IF and it's a big IF,, Jennings and Ellis can just play and create together we are a much better team! We have good role players and when you have two scorers like this the role players make a big difference!! Trade a pick for Kamen and this is a team that can actually make a run in the playoffs! THANKS GSW...
crazycucker2::thunder denied ibaka and harden for howard.... that would have been a crazy good team http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
JeffKent4MVP::Just got back from the game, dubs played well. I guess Jerry west wants Klay Thompson to be the man at the 2 now. Hopefully Bogut can stay healthy
Oaktown1029::West has very little to do with player decisions now - the owners have him around for image, after all, he is the logo of the NBA!
dreballs::Andris Biedrins +/- was freaking +18! What if today is the day we look back on as the day Andris the Giant awoke from his deep slumber! twould be an awesome thing fosho
LaughingMan01::Biedrins is a 7 footer that weighs like a PG. He needs to gain some muscle weight over the summer so he can be a big man in the NBA.
poweredbyjae::Tough night for coach Smart.  Losing by 26 at home against a short Warriors bench, against the team you should know the best.....
terrence-boss31::Nate Robinson and Isaiah Thomas...amazing
JBurhenn253::Agreed.
kgrovesBYUfan::We need some more Jimmer! That would solve all the problems.
warkoch::He is a good player but he needs to be more consistent.
disguyman::when will jimmer be playing for yao's chinese basketball team?
Lebrons giant forehead::No monta or curry and GS still wins.
rapodoc::at least Monta leaves with a cool GSW logo tattoo....He will be cheered Friday night....
dreballs::Warriors shot 50% on 3PT's and that was with normally sharpshooting Klay Thompson going 0-5
hahahaha58::Man the Queens suck really bad.. ROFLMAO
Ellis_Curry::BYE MONTA: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sT7Nt5o96f0 at least we still have: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72Izkxr93tk
WarriorsWarrior::Monta "East Allstar" Ellis!
jzalvarado::Surprised the Warriors didn't turn around and trade Stephen Jackson.  Reminds me alot of like Randy Moss.  The man on good behavior will be giving you full bang for the buck
pen15enator::The white washed NBA refs hate bad boys like Monta. They ruined Iversons career, they will ruin Montas.
Oaktown1029::Iverson had a HOF career - that makes no sense whatsoever!
mrkennedy23::I want Monta to succeed with the Bucks.  He's been loyal to the Warriors his entire career and he played hard.  He never got the ft calls he deserved but maybe he'll earn some respect when he plays for the East Coast...even if it is Milwaukee.
koolaid408::bucks and respect hahaha
mrkennedy23::They got respect two years ago.
ilovechingy69::is klay worth picking off waivers?
savethesonics34::GO COUGS!
CougarPrideEndures::are you kidding? he played 43 minutes tonight. if i missed sarcasm, my apologies.
Quezy82::meh
Oaktown1029::Monta is about to show the heavy- media east coast just how good he really is. He had 11 assists against the Clippers the other night and I believe he was sending a message to all the scouts  -  he can pass when he wants to.
jzalvarado::hehehe if he can ever get Jennings to pass him the ball.
WarriorsGO::He wont have David Lee to finish for him now though.
WarriorsGO::Dlee is better.
mrkennedy23::Drew Gooden and Ilyasilva are pretty good.
Dj2Hauter::Man Vegas got me again.. I knew something was up when the spread barely moved from 2.5 to 3 and like an idiot I still went with it.  BTW, Someone told me their dad was told by a good friend in Vegas that Manning will sign with the 9ers tomorrow. If this is true, Than vegas is something else
Dj2Hauter::I agree with you guys.. I don't believe it I just wanted to put it out there just in case it does happen..
jrwilli04::ok..that doesnt make sense but shows how ridic your comment is
jrwilli04::and btw my sons dads brother girlfriend told me Manning was signing with denver
jrwilli04::DONT believe everything you see..haha..He hasnt even visited san fran..nice try
Blake3472::Golden State sores 115 and a W in its first game without Monte....hmmmm.....
Blake3472::Just goes how unfocused Sac Town is....here was an easy opportunity for a W and not only did they fail to win, they also were blown out by a team missing its most explosive player
jrwilli04::exactly..you havent figured out the nba is rigged yet...WAKE UP!
mrkennedy23::against the Kings.  Nothing to brag about.
jzalvarado::Any takers for Dorell.. Anybody??
dreballs::heard he wanted to go with Monta
pen15enator::What? No. Dorell is a 3 POINT SPECIALIST
WarriorsGO::crazy.
jzalvarado::Uhmm no.  Rush, Thompson
pen15enator::and lose your only off point 3 point threat? ya good idea
WarriorsGO::What? We got Rush, Thompson, and now Stephen Jackson.
Qazny::Good news: Kwame curse is passed on
pen15enator::getting rid of Monta was a good decision. He should come home to the Blazers though. You know he wants to
Oaktown1029::He's from Mississippi.
rjlcowboy21::I love monta and always will
gsraider::Great to me no matter what anyone says alot of that percentage was based on getting hacked with no foul call or all the other players standing around and he had to force one up triple teamed
rjlcowboy21::yes sir
WarriorsWarrior::Underrated and underappreciated
WarriorsGO::how is he underrated? He shoots 42% from the field and 30% from 3s with over 3 turnovers per game while averaging 21 points per game on 20+ shots per game. Thats not exactly great.
mrkennedy23::The most exciting part of watching Warriors game was watching Monta drive to the basket.
koolaid408::I'm glad monta is gone a good individual player but doesn't know how to spell defense, Bogut brings size and hustle also defense
koolaid408::he will suffered a ankle injury on jan 25 hes about 85% now
mrkennedy23::That's IF he plays.
koolaid408::yup 6 guys in double figure scoring
WarriorsGO::if not we still will move the ball around more then watching Ellis go 1 on 1.
arkie64::He won't ever play
colinmio::$@%!$@% USELESS!!!!!!!!! PIECES OF $@%!!!
KevinDurantFan56::LMAO!!!! WARRIORS FAIL!!!! SAY GOODBYE TO ELLIS!!!! I CALLED IT YESTERDAY!!!! HAHAHAHAH
WarriorsGO::im glad.
KevinDurantFan56::Ok I'm done trolling bye
koolaid408::Keith Smart is the worst coach ever i'm glad the dubbs let that chump go, i feel sorry for the kings
chuchNorrisIsStillAlive::how can u not play fredette??? there is nothing else to watch on kings... i mean give the few fans who come to watch this disgust something to cheer about ! ;)
mrkennedy23::Watching the interviews.  Jackson looked really disappointed talking about Monta and Udoh leaving.  Monta looking like he got screwed.  Larry Riley is driving me crazy with his stupidity.
jzalvarado::Ok im trying to understand this trade.  We basically swapped a healthy Monta Ellis for Cap Relief (Stephen Jackson) and a hurt Andrew Bogut.  So how the H.ell did we get suckered into giving up Udoh too?!?
SDpetty::The Bucks need some sort of C presence i think...edit, i may be wrong though, i havent seen their roster in a while....plus i didnt even know Bogut was hurt lol
chuchNorrisIsStillAlive::stephen jackson is good
jzalvarado::not the argument.  Stephen Jackson was the throw in.  Either him or Drew Gooden we had to take back.
WarriorsWarrior::Mmm no!
jzalvarado::FOR all the Sacramento Kings fans clamoring, begging Keith Smart to play Fredette more.. This is the same man that would NOT play Jeremy Lin even if the Warriors were winning by 20 or getting blown out by 20.  He would instead go with Acie Law  <b> ACIE FREAKIN LAW!!</b>
jzalvarado::I just don't understand how we had to give up Ekpe.  The way I see it trading Monta for Bogut straight up was NOT enough.  But trading Monta for Bogut PLUS Salary Cap Relief for the Bucks should have negated trading Udoh
WarriorsWarrior::Trade ur thoughts
Oaktown1029::Lee, Bogut, and Beidrins will provide the foundation for the defensive style Jackson has always wanted to implement - he knows defense will create a contender - one playoff appearance in 19 years featuring offensive fireworks sold out Oracle, but didn't get them anywhere.
SDpetty::Thats what im saying, if you start those 3 together, theres enough offense and defense IMO....Andres is a hard nosed player who can get after the ball like Lee....add Bogut and they should win every rebounding edge. Even against my Lakers.
lincecumdumpster::Any chance Bogut actually comes back to play this year?
WarriorsGO::yes expected back early April.
johnnyx2011::Kings are tanking their games to protect their first round and get a higher pick if the ball comes up right but I doubt it.
lightbulbthinh::stupid warriors! you're suppose to be tanking! cant even do that right
Oaktown1029::why are they supposed to be tanking?
SDpetty::What should the Warriors starting 5 be......Seth Curry PG, Stephen Jackson/ Clay Thompson SG, Andres Biedr whatever PF, David Lee SF, Andrew Bogut C  Any Warriors fans have an idea of what it will be, or NBA fans?.
CougarPrideEndures::Klay has been solid. He played 43 minutes without a turnover. He is a great three point shooter, plays decent defense and rebounds well. The guy is a rookie. He may not be a star, but I think he will be a solid player in this league for a long time.
lincecumdumpster::Uhh what? Biedrins is a center and David Lee is a PF. Dorall Wright should get the start at SF, hes money on 3s. Klay Thompson definatly too young and inexpierenced to be a starting SG.
WarriorsGO::best way to learn is by playing.
SDpetty::kk, just wondering, havent seen to many Warriors games.
SDpetty::or is David Lee the PF and Andres will come in and spell Lee and Bogut off the bench...., if thts the case, will  it be  PG Curry SG Jackson/whomever SF Thompson PF Lee C Bogut
WarriorsGO::ur dumb. Hes a rookie and def doesnt suck.
slamdrunk47::rather have Rush or Wright over Klay he sucks
SDpetty::This should be a better team.....they may make the 8 seed with the Wolves injuries
koolaid408::curry,thompson,jackson,lee.bogut
dreballs::bingo
Ellis_Curry::BYE MONTA: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sT7Nt5o96f0 at least we still have: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72Izkxr93tk
chadwi12::this lets me know smart will never be the coach with where fredette will get his chance, if there ever was a game that the starters should have pissed him off it was this one... and he still would rather have that selfish lazy trash on the court... despite fredette not shooting well,  he still in 17 min was only -2 in the plus minus column. contrast that with thorton evans and thomas, and u will see that smart doesn't see the game.... in 17 min on the court for fredette the kings played basically even... yet he hardly played in the sec.... he's played really well and consistent lately, and still seems to not be able to get a fair shake.... he needs to go some where else... the reason he can't get going is because he never gets a freaking pass... he's shooting 40% from three and they are all off the damn dribble.... he never gets a simple crisp swing pass... its just not right... I'm not from utah... and not a byu fan, I'm from nc state. but i know when I'm looking at a raw deal.
JBurhenn253::You have said yourself that you think PER is a useless stat so please don't use it to bolster ferdette and bash the other players. Isaiah had 15 Pts tonight on 5 shots. That's very efficient, do you not understand that.
chuchNorrisIsStillAlive::if i was the kings owner, i would just sell everyone who has value after tonight's performance LOL
waltersheens::as a knick fan i would do anything to have david lee back over amare. lee is one of the most underrated players in the game
lincecumdumpster::very true, if bogut works out the warriors will have a very talented C-PF combo
WarriorsWarrior::anything?
cjsmjs::All of this depends on Klay.  Hopefully he develops into what the Warriors hope.
WarriorsGO::I say it depends on Bogut more then it does Klay :D
dreballs::I think he has a chance to be the best thing since Ray Allen. He has Ray's exact skillset
CougarPrideEndures::Couldn't agree more. Reading some opinions, I don't know if people are watching the same player as me.
lincecumdumpster::4-20 away record kings? ouch
rhowe982::Wow how bad can the Kings be to get beat down by Dleagues
SilentSeraph::Shows that Kings aren't an NBA team, nor do they belong in the D-League. They're losers.
chuchNorrisIsStillAlive::without ellis they gave up 120 points lol
