ThatsGoodSoup7963::Ugh. All these L's lately, you're bringing me down, man!
garnolfini::Melo.
Rickster7218::Melo&gt;Pierce big time.....
Celtics1634::Pierce &gt; Melo
Saaywuttdogg::At least Shavlik was on his game.  To bad he fouled out the outcome may have been different.
_I Am A Celtic_::*too
Hondo17Rings::Well, we are already in the playoffs, so there is nothing wrong with resting our star players and getting healthy for a playoff run.
CrimsonEyedDeath::Getting healthy for a first round exit, more like.
AGoodWalkSpoiled::terrible trolling... try harder
CelticPatriot17::Wilcox.... -____-
nhraven5200::Knicks in 5
Dribbird.::As long as they are healthy for the playoffs, these games don't matter
twinsfan184::Excuses, excuses....
nhraven5200::lol
_I Am A Celtic_::I like it more when we win
oldcoach1961::About time scott played Kevin Jones and sit Walton and Gibson.
jpejeff::Boston stinks like dry up fish guts!
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Boston is trying to slide to the 7th or 8th spot to play Miami.
nhraven5200::dumb
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Terry hasnt been the same since he got dunked on.
mesomorphicman::Thank goodness Jason Terry is there with his 8 points and trash talk to help them beat the Heat in the first round.
YoungGunna978::Great game by Tristan. Great way to back up your coach verbally and by playing the best game of your career right after.
scabbfan::But I thought the Cav's sleazy owner promised a title before Lebron?
Rcrown10::ummmm, why couldnt Tristan put up more games like this all year??
Phat_Jax::Because they NEVER run the offense through him. He has to hustle for everything he gets normally. They seemed to be running a lot more plays designed with him slashing to the paint this game. He does have quite a few double digit rebound games this season though.
winnumber101::Tristan dang son
coltranesteelkirt::We knew the Cavs were superior to the Celtics, but this is redunkulous!
Timeout1289::Is Boston trying to get a series against the Heat? If so, I'm in for it so they can make the Heat have to play hard in the first round.
TheGiantsFan731::fun fact : both teams shot and made the same amount of shots
LetsGoAtlantaHawks::damn, i just realized the bucks won the season series over boston 3-1, meaning milwaukee owns the tiebreak.  boston is treading dangerous water.
Triple2xAllday::Getting sick of these type of $@%!$@%! games,my love goes deep green but C'mon Man!!!!
kcchen_us::Celtics try very hard to get #8 seed to face the Heats
LetsGoAtlantaHawks::HEAT WILL OPEN WITH BUCKS.  CELTICS WILL OPEN WITH KNICKS.  HAWKS WILL OPEN WITH PACERS.  BULLS WILL OPEN WITH NETS.
Celtics1634::On the some what bright note, we might have found a decent role player in Shavlik.  He's nothing special, but he always comes out with great energy and puts his nose in where it doesn't belong.  It's nice to see someone rebound or at least try to
Celtics1634::Doc said it best, "Whether it's New York, Indiana, or Miami, there's no cakewalks for us. It's going to be hard."
Celtics1634::Got destroyed on the boards tonight and poor shooting performances.  Shame  And freaking Irving goes 4-20!
Dptdpt11::If you look at the stats, it's pretty clear that the reason we lost was free throw shooting percentage. Yes, the celts could have done a lot of things better, including rebounding, but if they just had a reasonable FT %, they would have won anyway.
Nasser_::it was a tough one .. Good luck in the playoffs
Celtics1634::Thanks
Celtics1634::Points in the paint wasn't pretty either
Westbrick really thinks he is elite::The way i see it the Celtics WANT the Heat in the first round. could be the best first round series in a long time
Westbrick really thinks he is elite::alright, ill take that back. a series against new york would be more competitive and almost as hot blooded as against the heat
Celtics1634::Both series will be really intense and let's be real here, the Celtics will be lucky to win either one.  Sure we can give Miami a hell of a time, but I can't imagine beating them in a 7 game series.  Hope I'm wrong
palmervia::I like how no one is trolling here
TheBrownestBob::I don't care who was playing for the C's tonight.  29 and 17 is amazing for a 2nd year player.  What a $@%!$@% stud Tristan is and way to back up coach Scott with your play.
Jameswearsathong::YO XI LIE YOU IM THE NEW TROLLER TO DA CELTICS U GOT DAT DAGGER
celticgreen2012::So if you're looking for a glass half full Shavlik Randolph has really been a surprise and may give us some good minutes in the playoffs, other than that just end the regular season already.
Lebrons Moms a H03::Who else agrees?
bal22157::Credit to Thompson for stepping up in defense of his coach.  A lot of Cavs fans remember when the "Chosen One" just quit when tha Cavs played the Celtics in the playoffs.  Thompson showed more character tonight...
ncjcrsu::LBJ had a triple double in the game he "quit" on the Cavs.  Get over it.
lvis11::7 years to draft someone of consequence for the Cavs and nothing while LBJ was there they didn't cultivate any young talent and very rarely made any in-game adjustments and yet Cleveland Fans still blame him...simple math what did Lebron give us &gt; What the Cleveland Cavs gave him.....let's be honest with ourselves for one second and look at it from his point of view
Is That All You Know::11 t.o to an he chocked
NY NBK Far Superior x.::Boston you mine as well do the East a favor and wear the Heat out so the Knicks/Pacers can beat them in the ECF.
bigdaddymatty17::Guess Pierce needs to play next game against WAS.
bigdaddymatty17::Way to tank, Boston! lmao
Alpine2285::as Boston circles the drain......
EricTheYank::Like a $@%! down the crapper.
BeantownBomber718::Sad Sad loss tonight...these types of losses to bottom feeder teams is what has me believing that this team is Done as contenders.
Tribe2413::You should have known from the onset that Boston was never a contender
bruins fan for life::man why cant we win back to back games
CrimsonEyedDeath::Because your team isn't very good.
SeaChickensSBChamps::kyrie irving 4-20 str8 blazin
bruins fan for life::why is my forehead so big Peyton Manning
FeFyeFoeRun::Buh Bye Boston!
CAPTAIN-JACK-SPARROW-1::Boston teams suck"  Tom brady
passin me by::Knicks overrated
CAPTAIN-JACK-SPARROW-1::What Boston overrated lol
BuckeyeForever2002::OK Cavs. You stopped the losing streak. Now, just lose out from here, because you know that Phoenix, Sacramento and the others are going to lay down from here on out. Ping pong balls are what matter at this point.
JohnsonnnL::if Cavs get any pick 1-6 they should be ok.
chocolate__giddyup::Draft is a total crapshoot this year.
mdtuzo::wait c's fans, you would really rather face the heat in round one over the knicks?
mykal151::someone else.
mykal151::Hopefully
mykal151::easier playing them in the first round.The Celtics arent going to get past the first round anyways.so why not hurt Miami with Physical play? Sort of soften them up for someone else.I hate that team.sort of kill the body and some else takes the head.
passin me by::NO
mykal151::yup
mdtuzo::do you mind explaining please?
knicks_11::Miami Heat Celebrate Legends Night...     Heat Fans- "Legends? i thought this team started in 2010??"
bigdaddymatty17::1988.
mykal151::They havent got much else from years back.
mykal151::Shaqs a legend there.
CAPTAIN-JACK-SPARROW-1::In Lakers then yes
mykal151::Washington Nationals lost their first game of the year tonight 15 to 0
bigdaddymatty17::Miami's bench &gt; Boston's bench  Mike Miller &gt; Jeff Green
NYC IS THE BEST...Knickstape 2::Knicks&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;heat&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;celtics
mdtuzo::if the knicks are so much better, why are they 10 games behind?
GlendellSmithLikesMoney::Feels good when your team never wins.
mdtuzo::things can improve. i mean the nets have nearly doubled their win total from last year
scott23cavs::I can relate
