Danny Leavitt::Go Nuggets
Steve Carman::lol! where's stephanie curry tonight? LOL! SUCK IT GS! OVER RATED MUCH?
Sawyer Fletcher::He's getting paid big dollars, unlike you haha, so i guess you can suck it for the money
Chad Wiggins::Sawyer Fletcher i know this dude he's a complete and utter idiot
Chad Wiggins::he likes the word suck it for a reason.. its his fav verb... to do of course..
Martín Polanco::Go Dubs!!!
Tom Totosz::Golden state had the worst bench in the history of the nba. Game was tied at 80 then a few bench guys came in a down 9 again. Sleights, green, Bazemore should all be in the d league.
Harold Nations::you could not be more right!
Derek Daniels::good thing they got Crawford then
Harold Nations::yep, but that's the kind of trade, giving away a productive player for NOTHING in order to help your tanking, that the league should not allow.
Victor Adamson::Getting beat by garbage.....
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::@home with rest
Mo Hira::curry gotta get his ego in check
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::tooo cocky
Kemala Martin::Dubs
Chad Wiggins::dont be mad and not shake hands warriors, u had 48 min to man up and do something about it... u chose not to.... be mad at urselves for being soft, for not boxing out, for letting highway men like nate robinson, and jj hickson look like jordan and rodman.... absolutely pathetic to again and again come out at home not ready to play....
Chad Wiggins::golden state is a weak minded team... david lee and bogus bogut got absolute made to be jj hicksons batches..... curry soft with the ball. whole team soft on dee... this is overpaid jump shooting nightmare...
Josh Sweat::Im sorry I know curry is great but he turns the ball over at the end so often and no one can deny it! David Lee you've played so well tonight kudos going 12 of 13 from the line as a big and scoring 28
Josh Sweat::Also david lee congrats on leading the entire nba in points in the paint and scoring in double figures 116 games in a row
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::curry thats twice in a row now.. move the ball idiot
Steve J Nissenson::Stay calm and Curry on!  #LetsGoDubs #fullSquad
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::warriors getting killed by the 3 lol
Seanta Johnson::thank you boston for boosting our bench
Ryan Alan Heiser::robinson taking over
Jon Stockwell::Nate's on fire
No Names James::Nuggets played a better game tonight that's all, Nate needs a new agent, He should be a starting PG for someone's team. Nate playes the game with heart and isn't afraid to step up. Good Win Den, GSW still here though.
Lisa Beatty::JJ out hustling everyone......  He was the manimal tonight as Faried was with another pathetic performance
Tom Totosz::JJ Hickson owes Curry and golden state. Bahahahaha. Let the overrated chats roll. GS is a pretender.
James Engelbrecht::Denver running out of big men to play with all of the player's in foul trouble
Jeremy Gingrich::Curry just got straight ripped by JJ Hickson on his crossover. WOW
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::his got the slowest cross over.. he shud learn to pass the ball or just go drive it.. his got a center infront of him too many fancy dribble.. fake and go
Ryan Alan Heiser::robinson 2 yr  4 mill contract is a steal.  how much is iggy getting paid?
Gino Foggia::lol Nate trying to call a  time out with 5 1/2 left in the game ...dumb
Jamie Gordon::Nice win on the road. Was Iggy whispering in Shaw's ear?
Corey Ellyn::Ty Lawson will choke this game all on his own
