Titans Yemen::What does all this matter?!?!?! GriZZ are (sadly) gonna sweep to championship :)
NBASantas::Denver totally avenges their loss to the Lakers. ARRON AFFLALO THE ASSASSIN STRIKES AGAIN: http://nbasantas.blogspot.com/2012/01/santas-growing-up.html
47act13::Does Tebow play for the Nuggets too?
kelzman2::oh i get it
rockchalkfail::KOBE is garbage
21SanDiego::COCKCHALKFEEL is gay
Frank38443::Just one game Kobe will come around. Nice to see our bigs dominate though. I think I would be more worried if Kobe had a great game and our bigs didn't show up. One thing is for sure though the Lakers are going to have a tough time winning games this season if they can't spread the floor and knock down threes. Atrocious 3 point shooting. Also, Kobe shouldn't be taking any threes until his wrist improves. May be time to steal a page out of LeBron and Wade's game plan w/ that on a go-forward basis
LMFAO125::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Wqbv299v78&amp;feature=youtu.be
LMFAO125::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Wqbv299v78&amp;feature=youtu.be
LMFAO125::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Wqbv299v78&amp;feature=youtu.be
Orangebang32::No lie Kobe was pathetic last night and should have been feeding our BIGS after half time, BUT i will say this as HONEST as I can, that man Kobe Bryant gets no $@%!$@% calls to go his way, Galli-barbie flops the whole game guarding kobe and the refs side with that $@%!$@%!, the man is 6-9 260 and falling around like Blanche Griffin from the Clippers, Kobe had 1 drive where he took the ball straight up to the rim the Giant ugly Russian knocked kobe straight to the floor and he got NO $@%!$@% call whatsoever, and it was a COMPLETE foul, the next trip down kobe got called for a reach in foul where he didnt even tough his man!! unreal!!!! so pathetic!!! the refs rarely give the BEST player in the game is due!!! just my thoughts, he was terrible last night shooting though!!less
ShiloInn1985::Forget it. 90% of this forum could watch Kobe get fouled hard enough to require post-game amputation, and they would still b i t c h that the refs were in the bag for him. On and on..  Kobe will stack his rings knowing he only got the proper calls maybe 55% of the time, unlike some former megastars, inlcuding Magic and Jordan. Which is the reason why many pundits believe his career accomplishments surpass theirs in some ways. The unimformed, Kobe-hating s h i t heads of this board not withstanding.
Orangebang32::I know hes Italian!!! the giant ugly russian is RUSSIAN, they CENTER, slow kid!!! and yes kobe is a SUPERSTAR and best player in the game overall and he cant DRAW a foul anymore unless its completely obvious!!! its ridiculous!!
broncsrock69::Kobe gets no calls to go his way??? that is a funny joke.  BTW Gallinari is Italian.
Zonker40::Is Mozgov Italian too?
simpsonpower::lol kobe has one bad game and all these kobe haters come out with all these new insults to bash kobe.  Fact is kobe is still a top ten player top ten of all time, has won 5 championships, and will be a hall of famer.
giltis::Yep, and he still will never be Jordan. And now... he looks OLD!
ShiloInn1985::He cant help himself. Old cyborgs die hard.
New Jet Fan 44::but he should not have taken all those shots knowing that.....
New Jet Fan 44::and having a sprained wrist....when you fly injuries swell up...and being at a high elevation doesn't allow the swelling to reduce....try lifting something or holding something with a good grip with that type of injury
Tonywilde::Does anyone even think about the possibility that 6 games in 8 days to open the season could be a reason for an off night.   How many times in Kobe's career do you think he has played that type of schedule to open the season?  I would venture to say none.  That's why PJ always said that the Spurs lockout shortened season should have an asterisk by it, because playing a condensed schedule with practically no training camp is a distinct advantage for certain teams as opposed to the older more veteran teams.
SouthStander132::and got shut down by a 22-year old!
Cali_Kid_71::Talk about shutting down a 22 year old.
Cali_Kid_71::I wouldn't talk Denver.  One of your own would rather bang Kobe than a Nugget.
Cali_Kid_71::Nice cherry-picking Gallinari!  In this country, cherry-picking is a pu$$ y move.
SouthStander132::Fatigue - yep.  It's tough when you actually have to play a game outside of California!
boom.shaka.::Hmm, the Lakers lost and we're still under 5K comments.  Haters are slacking.
simpsonpower::galinari made a wide open dunk what's wrong with this world
twentyanite::kob was absolutley terrible last nite. he is having problems picking up the new offense. because he is not used to running pick and rolls every time down he is making the wrong reads and gettting way too many turnovers. the new offense also puts him out of his sweet spot in the mid post area. as a result he shooting has been horrid. way too many 3's, way too many shots taken at the end of the shot clock.  brown needs to get him the ball in the mid post and let him operate from 16 ft in. he needs to see some easy ones once and a while.
boom.shaka.::No, he's just old and not healthy.  You can see it in his legs.  I'm wondering if that procedure wasn't effective after all.
NBAOverseer::6 for 28 shooting.
xrobologyx::5 time NBA Champion, 2 time Finals MVP, League MVP, 2 scoring titles, 13 time All-Star, 4 time All-Star game MVP, 13 time All-NBA, 11 time All-Defensive, All Rookie Team, Slam Dunk Champ, and happens to have the 2nd highest scoring game in NBA history.
rockchalkfail::you forgot rapist
..FIRE NORV TURNER..::THIS JUST IN:    Lakers trade Kobe, Pau, Bynum, and a first-round pick for DeMarcus Cousins and a trade exception. Hollinger says the Lakers' record will improve by 10 games.
JordanTIGERKobe.::6-28 Kobrick
fungusbrain::only one team in l.a. .......CLIPPERS.
convolutedthought::clippers are 2-2
tstruck6024::They have the same record as the Lakers don't they?
AdidasBball413::Man, LAs gotta step up soon http://theredshirtchrislehman.wordpress.com/
NBARULES1800::Well, you miss 100% of the shots that you don't take.
andrewdcol::Jordan Michael.
tstruck6024::Michael Jordan
quithatin1::notice that lakers didnt have a interview after the game, why? cause Bynum and kobe was fighting in the locker room, after every game they have interviews, but why not after this game? I bet mike and fisher had to break up the fight.
convolutedthought::um no they interview the winning team
NyKnicksFan03::Faker Fans come out in droves when the team wins, but when they lose a game, there no where to be seen.. bunch of bandwagon fans.  LA Sucks!
SouthStander132::The Knicks that were DOMINATED by the Lakers?  WITHOUT Bynum???
21SanDiego::How those Knicks doing?
New Jet Fan 44::Kobe has games like this every year....what makes him a great player....and sometimes a bad one.... is he will not accept he doesn't have it going in a particular game. I was shaking my head in disappointment as he threw brick after brick up against double teams as Bynum and Gasol waited to get the ball... and then allowed Gallinari to cherry pick behind him for layups. Bad loss but once again a solid effort by most of the team. Kobe will bounce back with lots of great games down the road and his teammates clearly have his back. He has been the reason they have won so many games and championships through the years and I wont forget it....but Cmon Kobe....act like the seasoned veteran player you are!
convolutedthought::agree...i love kobe but hate him sometimes for not realizing that if he's off he can get his teammates more involved....
NyKnicksFan03::Fakers Suck!!! old and Done
Tonywilde::Ha ha ha.  Knicks would have to be good at some point to be called done.  But they never were worth a cr@p
dps916::Hahahahaha, the Knicks fan is talking!!!!!!!!! LMFAO
21SanDiego::Beat your pathetic Knicks
FrankPistachio211::Wow, I just saw that 'Andrew Bynum takes the blame' article... are you KIDDING ME?!?!?  Kobe has NEVER taken the blame for ANY loss EVER. This punk needs to man up already, for real.
Tonywilde::His giant ego is also part of what makes him great.  Got take the good with the bad.  I'll take the 5 rings and the ego!  Dude has never been or will ever be Ghandi!
JiggaMan852::But he gladly takes all the credit for their wins
esfahany::Have ya"ll watched Love playing the board by boxing, hes  the best I seen  doing that since Charles Barkley...
GridIronMaidens::Rodman! But yes, I agree.
esfahany::They need to show some of his games video to Lakers big men...
FrankPistachio211::Agreed.
kevin77732::dailysports77.wordpress.com read this blog
cod4hooper::No
cod4hooper::Much better lol
OFrog::hell no.
esfahany::if Magic had Bynum and Gasol in his team he would had average 20 assist a game
jcmaggi::Yea cause Maqic played with a bunch of nobody's
_mongo_slade_::Yeah. Cuz they're much better than Kareem &amp; Worthy.
I am the brain::If you play on the Lakers and you don't lead the league in offensive rebounds......... You ain't tryin!
esfahany::Bynum is doing his job McBob is doing his job,Kobe is good on Off.Reb.,,,,,it leaves Gasol I don't know about him....hes little slow on the Off. board..
I am the brain::"I hate to see Mike Brown get blamed for a bad situation."                   ---Barack Obama---
thelizrdking1971::Well, this is Browns first head coaching job cause remember.....he supposedly didn't coach the Cavs, James did.
FrankPistachio211::Alright, if Kobe is unjustifiably named to an All NBA Defense team again, I'm gonna have to boycott the NBA entirely. This dude has been playing lazy defense for the last 2 years. These voters are a JOKE.
ShiloInn1985::I stopped worrying about voter league awards after Kobe got jobbed on at least 2 MVPs. I realized they are just popularity contests/consolation prizes for guys without the hardware.
giltis::Kobe looks old.
boom.shaka.::I like Bynum a lot.  But he has yet to prove he's ready to be handed the keys and now he's down to his last season to show he can take it.  Gasol already had the keys once but was afraid to drive on the freeway.  Like it or not...until the Lakers bring in a superstar -- or until Bynum proves he can be "the man", it's gonna have to be Kobe.
OFrog::No one is going to take over the Lakers from Kobe. That is not even a consideration. Those keys are rectally implanted.
FrankPistachio211::Bynum scored 18 points on 12 shots; Kobe scored 16 points on 28 shots. Big men can't get the ball to themselves.
outlaw12110224::But Kobe doesn't have to take EVERY shot.  PASS THE ROCK!!
thelizrdking1971::he'd rather shoot a 30 foot game winner with 3 hands in his face than pass it to open teammates
zayzkidd3::Kobe will not allow any player to shine. If Kobe had the power, Shaq wouldn't have won any MVPs or Finals MVPs.
cod4hooper::What's upsetting is, even though has played so poorly, if this continues..it'll be mike brown on the hot seat..
cod4hooper::Do you really think espn and the media will ever really acknowledge its actually Kobe's fault in the long run?
boom.shaka.::Mike Brown is just a seat warmer until the Lakers can get out of salary cap hell.  IIRC, his contract ends the same time Kobe and Pau's end.
OFrog::Or Jim Buss....
boom.shaka.::Only to the clueless.  The rest of us know it's age and lack of depth.
OFrog::A seatwarming scapegoat for Lakers ills.
OFrog::Mike Brown is Jim Buss' fall guy. Lakers do great, I hired him. Lakers do bad, what a bum coach, just like when he hired Rudy T.
zayzkidd3::"Kobe is NOT a good passer.."  - esfahany  The understatement of the century.
esfahany::and 8 TO and out of that is 4 or 5 bad passes watch the game you'll see...
OFrog::No, Kobe draws lots of double teams leaving teammates wide open. I could make those passes. He really does not make a lot of bad passes, he forces shots into double and triple teams.
OFrog::He had 9 assists the game before. I thought you had to pass to get an assist?
zayzkidd3::If Lebron, Wade, CP3, or any decent guard had those two 7-footers, they'd at least average 10 assist per game.
Seanathon12::Hopefully soon Kobe will learn the meaning of the term "Teamwork"
outlaw12110224::He's been in the league since 96, if he hasn't learned it by now, he never will.
OFrog::Old dog, new trick.
esfahany::Old dog, new brick..
esfahany::Kobe is NOT a good passer..
outlaw12110224::If Kobe was truly the best player in the league, he would have found a way to get his teamates involved.  There's no excuse for those stats.  A true leader knows when to PASS THE BALL
VickTheGlitch::first game of year he took that shot with 3 guys on him.  Pau was WIDE open but he decided to go for the glory and failed.
boom.shaka.::Umm....he's not the best player in the league and hasn't been for 2-3 years.
outlaw12110224::My point exactly.  Kobe fans are delusional to think that he is.
OFrog::But he sure could be a great player still, if he chooses to be, that is the tragedy here.
zayzkidd3::I don't think he's been since '06 (Wade).
I am the brain::"I take dumps bigger than Kobe."                 --Andrew Bynum--
zayzkidd3::Kobe looks like the skeleton of an alien...
21SanDiego::That would be Kevin Garnett
boom.shaka.::Sure are a lot of Bynum fans out today...whatever happend to "he's too fragile"?
OFrog::I'm still waiting for him to have his annual injury. But just like last season, when he and Gasol are manning the post they are options #1 and #2, easily. Same thing I said last season, when D Fish and Blake were missing everything. Feed the ball down low. Even worse, that is supposed to be Brown's/Spurs offense. Work it out of the post, draw defenders in and kick if you are not open.
zayzkidd3::He hasn't been too fragile this season. As a matter of fact, he's been dominant when Kobe allowed him to be. Get out of the way Kobe and stop being jealous of your own teammates.
boom.shaka.::He's played 2 games!
RocForceOne::I know! Just last week ppl were saying he was made of glass and is not worthy of a player and now he is relevant??? Ppl are really confusing right now
OFrog::Worst part is even aging injured Kobe can be effective. Can help his team to win. He chooses not to, and cannot be coached otherwise. He keeps repeating all that history in his own mind, but his body cannot follow.
zayzkidd3::When Phil Jackson call you "uncoachable," you should know that it's time to change as a player.
I am the brain::The day Bynum gives Kobe one of those JJ Barea forearm shivers is the day I buy a Laker Jersey.
RocForceOne::Your boyfriend Tyreke Evans wouldn't like that
cod4hooper::Kobe's problem is the fact that being the leader on the team he thinks he HAS to take the shot. He wants the glory. Even though there were 3 better options. A lot of nights, sure Kobe should probably take that shot but he was terrible last night!! Even Steve Blake was a better option late. (not normally but he hit a few clutch shots in the 4th)
esfahany::Kobe by winning championships w/2  totally different teammates is accomplishment that only 3 or 4 players done it in NBA.....
esfahany::and hes being the centerpiece....
outlaw12110224::I think every player that ever won a championship had at least 2 different players on his team./  What are you talking about?
esfahany::but now his role needs to be changed , but Kobe has bad side  that you can't teach him because of  his narcissism " he can't pass" hes not a good passer ....
OFrog::And that matters today how?
OFrog::In the what have you done for me last game mentailty of professional sports, that won't get you an overpriced latte at Starbucks, with a gift card.
boom.shaka.::If you have to ask...
zayzkidd3::Kobe is a cancer to the Lakers. Think about it... Kobe will eventually have a game where he gets hot, causing him to think that he should hoist up 25+ shots every night. Eventually, Bynum is gonna choke Kobe in that locker room and demand the ball.
I am the brain::lol Bynum needs to push Kobe down in front of the Staples crowd. Then stand over him and take a crap.
zayzkidd3::Bynum should lock Kobe up and stuff him in his trunk until the game is over...
I am the brain::The Brick Mamba
OFrog::Kobe leads the NBA, is #1 with 76 missed shots this season. No one is close.
raven.5200::Sure, because hes the whole team right now.
OFrog::Pretty ironic. Grasping at straws can be that way though.
cod4hooper::Isn't it funny how LA beats Denver that first night and everybody is saying how unstoppable they are because they have Bynum and now fans are acting like he's not even a part of the team lol stop defending Kobe!!!
zayzkidd3::That's the problem... He's trying to be the whole team and he's not even the best option on his team. Give the ball to Bynum and Gasol and get out of the way.
OFrog::What? Gasol and Bynum are playing pretty well side by side.
_mongo_slade_::The problems with the Lakers so far have absolutely nothing to do with Kobe's shooting. The main issues are that they're fouling too much &amp; giving up too many turnovers. Both of those can be traced back to trying to learn the new system....guys are finding themselves out of position on both ends of the floor. That should improve as the season goes on.
OFrog::Kobe's 22 misses cost the Lakers the game last night. To say it is anything else is denial.   And for you Mongo, Welcome to the Jim Buss era.
cod4hooper::Oh and let's not forget his critical turnover. You're kind of right I guess, not allllll his poor shooting lol
OFrog::Exactly mongo, they should have been up by 10 and cruised to a victory.
_mongo_slade_::Game was tied with 2 minutes left...in spite of the 22 misses.
raven.5200::So bench Kobe, and the Lakers are the team to beat??
zayzkidd3::That's even better.
zayzkidd3::No, just make him the 3rd option.
OFrog::Heve him sit next to Luke handing out gatorade and towels.
OFrog::Last night they would have won the game.
esfahany::Kobe is for sure in top 10 NBA player all time....
_mongo_slade_::At the very least, Kobe will retire with 5 rings &amp; as the #3 all time scorer. That's solidly in the top 10.
OFrog::And that mattered last night how?
boom.shaka.::It's hard for me to put any active player in the top 10 all time.  You need some perspective on his impact to the game and you can't really get that until a few years after he retires.  I'll say top 25 for sure....maybe top 20.
raven.5200::Hes right up there with Jordan,Magic and Bird
I am the brain::Top 50
