Eddie Cruz::I love how everytime Phoenix wins a game the opposing broadcast team is so depressed and call it such a painful loss. We are better than Golden State, Denver. Dallas, Minnesota, Memphis, New Orleans. All these teams that added to their roster and were better on paper. Go Phoenix!
Ryan Spradlin::No. The Suns are not better. The Nuggets blew that. You're welcome.
Trever Lever::Just look at the standings. Go SUNS!
Jamal Heiden::Ryan Spradlin they have beat the Nuggets twice, the Warriors and the Rockets.  They've been in every game including the Heat and Thunder . . .  Thank you?
Brandon Duenas::So the Suns win on the road after trailing by 21 points and ESPN puts the horrible Lakers on the NBA front page and Phoenix doesn't even have a headline. Typical.
David Tatro::imagine how portland fans feel. suns under the radar though is not a bad thing
Brandon Tigues::don't feel bad..portland has the 2nd best record in the league and still doesn't get the love they deserve, that's how it is sometimes..GS didn't get any love until they made it to the semi-finals last year a lot of people picked Denver to beat them in the first round.
Barry Federovitch::ESPN cannot be taken seriously as an objective sports source. The Lakers have the largest fan base (albeit the most fickle) and so they cater to that. They don't give the winners their props; they are the Pseudo-Jordan Network (overanalyzing everything directly and indirectly that happens to Lebron and Kobe).
Ryan Kenneth Leddy::Best win of the season for the Suns, overcoming a 21 point deficit to beat Denver on the road.  Phoenix looked drained. The altitude was wearing them out and they were flat coming off a disappointing loss to a Tony Parkerless Spurs. But, they grinded it out, and got a huge lift from the bench. . This Suns team is for real and will only get better. They are so young, and guys like Plumlee, Bledsoe, and Kieff have been reserves for their whole career up to this point. They are still getting used to playing a lot of minutes in game after game.  Bledsoe and Dragic are still feeling each other out. It is not very often that teams throw out starting backcourts that feature two point guards. The rest of the league is also eagerly watching the experiment to see the results. The prototypical two guards of the Jordan and then Kobe era are almost extinct. This Suns back court, if the success continues, could change how NBA backcourts are put together going forward.
Nick Mann::Not a Suns fan and rarely watch them post Nash/Amare/Marion days...but I am very impressed they keep winning.  I haven't watched them play but to have 15-10 record with a squad that doesn't seem to boast any major talent is a testament to level these guys are playing it.  If only my Bulls could play at the same level but I feel injuries have finally broken the teams spirit after the way the last 3 seasons have panned out.
Ryan Spradlin::It will be interesting to see if Shaw owns his part of the blame in this. That was miserable coaching. If your team lacks energy you might think about using Farried a bit more. He was the only person on the team who shot over fifty percent.
David Gager::he wasn't even in the game down the stretch..and Foye was shooting every shot and stinkin up the court.
Shawn-Hlee Hawj::The only thing Shaw will say is we are young??? BS
Randy Dixon::The nuggets are still a complete joke....can anyone on Gods green earth tell me why Foye has taken 7 of last 8 nugget shots?
David Gager::I don't understand that..and he missed most of them and all of them down the stretch..
David Gager::Mel Wallace well he lost for his team..obviously winning is not important to him.
Shawn-Hlee Hawj::Trade the guy... He sucks!
David Gager::Randy Foye pretty much sucks..Mr anti clutch. Why did the Nuggets actually pick up this guy.
David Gager::the guy missed 3 shots coming down the stretch and kept chucking it up..Nuggets are a shadow of there former self..
Shawn-Hlee Hawj::I want the nuggets to trade Lawson, Randy and the whole team. Nobody on this team is even good now.
David Gager::I don't expect much of them ..not when you got ball hogs on the team...
Lizzy Evonian::Suns baby!!! Great victory, huge 4th quarter to get the comeback win!!!
Danny Leavitt::This is like the Broncos v. Pats. Up 21 and lose.
David Tatro::As a suns fan, love the effort by this team. No offense to Nuggets fans but the Suns are just a better team right now. Kenneth Faried needs to develop a better all-around offensive game but i love the upside the Nuggets have in the future! Go suns
Eddie Cruz::These Suns don't go down without a fight, even with their losses this year they've always given 100% effort. Will be exciting to see them back in the playoffs this year.
David Gager::YOur not playing the same Nuggets that have been put on the court in past years..SO don't get to excited about the win..
David Tatro::David Gager We just came back from down 21 on the road against a playoff team, i am absolutely excited and my fellow suns fans should be as well.
Jeremy Schulte::Man I really wanted suns to suck this year and get top 5 pick again but no another decent season with a teen pick..they need and all star dang it not gonna win anything with out one
James Williams::they have 4 potential 1st rounders...win now...draft is stacked
Eddie Cruz::I swear any player that puts on a Suns jerseys instantly loses all memory of boxing out and rebound. (except Chuck) It's been this way since the Kidd-era.
Jamal Heiden::true - Marion was ok - we actually led the league in rebounding when Shaq was here . . . and J. Rich was the number two rebounding two after D. Wade ???  Why was rebounding always so bad?
Bruno Berardi::How do you get outscored 31-17 in the fourth quarter, then miss 3 open shots at the end? Same thing happened in Detroit and Dallas. Viva Las Vegas
David Gager::Terrible coaching..Serioulsy he didn't even try to stop Foye form chucking up the ball every possesion down the stretch..
Rene Covarrubias::i thought the score of this game was 103-102, what happened? why did it change to 103-99? can anybody explain?
David Tatro::a nuggets player shot a three at the buzzer and they reviewed it for a few minutes. determined that the ball came out late
Eddie Cruz::Nuggets hit a 3 at the buzzer, but it was reviewed and waved off.
Rene Covarrubias::David Tatro thanks man, but that sucks that review cost me 50 bucks, dang it!!
Tom Totosz::Denver going to lose this one Detroit style!
Brett Reid::that tip in miss was the definition of epic fail
Willy Moore::Nuggets fade in 4th to loose to Suns 103 - 102
Grungy McAdams::The nuggets laid a big turd in this one.
Mang Artemio::cmon suns... you can dooo it!!!
MacDavitt Michael::way to blow a big lead idiots
