IlliniDave68::Wow. GrizzK4 called me out, on the Heat convo, for calling out Gogogoberrymix6 -  "But Illinidave, you gotta cut it out, I've seen you preach that HATE=FEAR, but also that you never go on the Heat boards because that would mean you fear them. Yet here you are....... "  NOT cool, sir.
hudsontl02::Tough game last night. Pacers have made big jump from last year to this year, now we go to see who wins the season seires in INDIANA! Bulls remind me of my colts. They kill it during the regular season, but can never get past the big boys.
chibearsmonsofmidway::If you don't think the Bulls can't get past Miami you don't watch enough basketball
Robert24907::I as a bull an do not care about having the best record in the n b a,we had that last year,i want boozer ,r.i.p,,and noah playing there best in the playoffs.....
miguel151551::We need more offense to win it all!!!
chibearsmonsofmidway::But it would be nice to have home court advantage throughout the playoffs
Apakalypse085::Last year is the key word. New year, new season, new and improved played.
ChiBulls8908::Didn't do much for us last year
RyanCarranza::Bulls win... again.  32-8 Best record.  Who's next?  Milwaukee?  I guess we can show MIA how to beat them 3 times.
CEDalton7::lost by 20pts and only scored 72pts! Were the Bulls playing IU?
IlliniDave68::Bulls had a slow start (remember, this was game two of a back-to-back) but picked it up in the 2nd half. In spite of that, they still beat a tough team by 20.  What more do you want?
raaaj989::iu is 2-0 vs. illinois teams,so dont count iu out
IlliniDave68::Illini suck this season so, meh.
raaaj989::PACER FAN,question,why does the MIAMI HEAT have only the 16th hardest schedule?no favortism there
raaaj989::NOAH HAS HIS HAIR IN A BUN
Dixie___Normous::Pacers suck. Rose is MVP again.
CEDalton7::I want to share a funny story with you, and yes it is true.  Just yesterday a bunch of non-stop posting Pacer fans were talking trash how Indiana was going to repeat their last win on the Bull's home court.  I mean they were so confident that the Bulls were going to lose, one guy bet his chicken farm in central Indiana.  Well, can I just finish the joke by saying 20pt win! ha ha ha ha ha ha...does anyone want a piece of fried chicken?
53Kevin::I'll take a Drumstick!LOL
raaaj989::BULLS FANS:SEASON SERIES,INDIANA1-CHICAGO1,BOTH GAMES AT CHICAGO,ENOUGH SAID!
53Kevin::Bulls 4 Pacers 1 ,Playoff series! Two of those Games played in INDY!Oh yeah,they getting they butts kicked right now by the HAWKS in Indy.Whatcha gotta say now?! NUFF SAID!!!!!!!!!
Born in 1913::Bulls healthy 1-0... enough said.
best_man_for_the_GOB::The Bulls played ONE good quarter last night and still beat the Pacers.
hudsontl02::The pacers didnt play any
Choose your member name::We didn't get Boozer to be a jumpshot shooter. We got him to be a presence in the post. He rarely if ever goes down to post.   Now I wouldn't mind if he was a consistent shooter. But he is not dependable at all.
ill_advised::Nice = minimal impact
Choose your member name::Nice season? He seems to play well against sub .500 teams. Against real competition he likes to go into his shell. I can count 2 to 3 instances were he missed a point blank layup last night. His shot wasn't falling. Finally thibs got him out of there and put in Gibson, because he basically non-existent on defense as well.
BasilHussain::You're right, I think he garners a lot of criticism however, because he doesn't show up when it matters (ie. Miami), and additionally he is a Max Salary player. I don't think a lot less people would care about his performance if he wasn't making 16 million a year.
RunTheBall22::He helps this offense a lot and he puts up nice numbers. Boozer is having a nice season and this is exactly what he has always done. and we got him to score, how he does it I don't care.
BasilHussain::Boozer has me torn, when he plays well (making that mid range jumper and getting some boards) l I think he can be an asset for the team. I think everyone will agree the more offense we have the better and frankly he averages 15 pts a night. Other times (like yesterday) I see him play and wonder what he is doing. I mean the guy misses point blank layups and fumbles the ball every chance he gets. I know a lot of people are calling for Gibson to come into the starting lineup and although I think he would be a major upgrade defensively, offensively he isn't a great scorer and his fg % is lower then Boozer's. I think the bottom line is that Boozer is definitely not earning his max salary but regardless he is the best option until Gibson starts getting better offensively.
53Kevin::GOGOGOBERRYMIX6,YOU AINT NOTHING BUT A PUNK $@% SISSY WHO ONLY SHOWS UP ON HERE WHEN BULLS LOSE OR PLAYS WHAT YOU CONSIDER AS WEAK TEAMS.YOU AINT GOT NO BACKBONE WHATSOEVER YOU SISSY!!!!! YEAH I CALLED YO PUNK $@% OUT!!!!!
IlliniDave68::I think the last two games have proved who the REAL star is in Miami.  Not Wade. Not LeBron, either. It's Bosh. He's soft on D but he can put up the points.
ZouCard::You're a joke.
IlliniDave68::Has Miami won both their recent games without Bosh?  No, you say?  Shut the fuck up, then.
IlliniDave68::Let's see, Bulls have played the last 3 against -     Road - San Antonio - winning team - W   Road - Philly - winning team - W   Home - Indy - winning team - W     Where you at, Gogogoberrymix6?!     I'm waiting for those props you promised and for you to drop the whole SOS thing. We had a DEAL, chump!
harvardandchicagobulls::bulls 32-8. flowers 28-9. bulls more games and more road games. .800
harvardandchicagobulls::Miami two game losing streak to a winning and losing team. Lebum not clutch.
harvardandchicagobulls::miami 2 game losing streak Utah- Losing team Lal- Winning team but still more losses than da bulls
dabulls2012::Any time I hear people bring up the SOS thing, I like to ask them whether it is better to lose to good teams or bad teams? Like Miami's TWO losses to the lowly Bucks both at home and on the road...is that better than the losing in Philly or at home against Indy? Didn't think so...
IlliniDave68::EXACTLY!
53Kevin::When he shows back up on here when Bulls drop one then call him out on his dissapearing when Bull won.
farcus2::2 of those games were on the road....
IlliniDave68::Yep. Fixed it.
farcus2::32-8 best record in the word... Go Bulls
Truth567::Pacer's coach telling  hansborough to shove scalabrini is a punk move. Classless
dabulls2012::he fits right in with the rest of his team...just like Jim Schwartz of the NFL Detroit Lions
42Wolverine21::the bulls need to wipe that grin off dare face
Choose your member name::"dare face"  ?
53Kevin::Dude,$@%!! Is your team the only team that has a right to grin now? Does anyone tell you to ''Wipe that grin off your face?''You come on here acting as if the Bulls don't have a right to grin.Everyone in the NBA grins,but the Bulls don't have a right to?Get outta here stupid!
IlliniDave68::Nope.
mikedogg08::good win... i hope the pacers learned their lesson.... F with a bull, get the horns....
hudsontl02::Yep they did we wont F with them them. Until April when we beat that $@% at home!
poytor1::Hamilton is really turning out to be a bust, seems like every time someone gets near him he crumbles.
sjr1893::he is the new Boozer
mikedogg08::only one man has played every game for the bulls... boozer
Choose your member name::"You cannot stop the white mamba! You can only hope to contain him!!"
Timmys Crossover136::Miami is def not unbeatable. Im not as naive as the other heat "fans". The problem that seems to alude thibs and chi fans is that drose needs to remember he is a point guard. Stop shooting 25 shots a game, stop shooting less then 50% every damn game and add 5 more assist then chicago will beat miami. Bulls hae pleanty of shooters, its a crime that rose doesnt involve them more.
Timmys Crossover136::Jesus no wonder these boards are crap. Im not hating on the guy. Hes reigning mvp for a reason. Im just saying less shots more assist, even potential assists. Or did you forget what he shot last year in the ecf finals? Let me remind you: 10/22 8/27 7/23 8/19 9/29. That didnt cut it last year and it wont this year
rynodesign::Rose throws out plenty of passes.  He scores when he needs to score. He runs the team well. I guess 35 and 8 against Philly isn't good enough D Rose. Stop willing your team to victory. Those stats just aren't good enough. Cmon.
Goku Muffin Button::reason why Rose doesn't get more assists is because the team doesn't always consistantly knock down the open shots.......hell Chris Paul doesn't always get 13 assists......
53Kevin::What games are you watching nut?,Plenty of times Rose has set teammates up for shots and they miss.And as for cp3,go look up how many assist Rose had when the Bulls played the Clippers this year,or $@%!!
mikedogg08::when does he hoist circus shots?? stop hating.... appreciate teh MVP and his skills....
Truth567::No, he either doesn't watch or doesn't understand the game of basketball
Timmys Crossover136::Your not paying attention. He made the pass didnt he. Would you rather have that or him hoisting up a circus shot that might go in?
lovesports3409::Then you don't pay attention. I can give you 5 shots from last night's game that should have been made that weren't.
Timmys Crossover136::True, but i still think they are consistant enough to give rose a couple more assist per game...if he would just pass it up.
Timmys Crossover136::Maybe 5 more per game is a lil much but when he jacks up almost 30 some nights, hits less then 50% and the bulls still come out with a win it shows that they dont really need rip, their offense is fine. This team would be downright dominate if rose added a lil rondo to his game
mikedogg08::if my team was last in rebounding, im sure DROSE would go grab one, but since we are BEST IN THE LEAGUE at that... we designate our PG to make shots and lead our team..... can rondo make shots??
Truth567::Any one of u would average 6 assists a night if we played on Boston. Rose makes the passes, but guys can't knock it down. Drose is the MVP. Best record in the nba. Nuff said
mikedogg08::wow, what a stat line... DROSE and his MVP TROPHY say hello back to you!
Timmys Crossover136::Mike dog: rondos 18 points 20 assists and 17 rebounds says hi. Oh and his 3 other triple doubles this season. Since your to stupid to read bettween the lines, yes if rose took less shots and got more assist he would be better
mikedogg08::so if rose missed more open jumpers and couldnt BUY a free throw, like rondo, he would be better???
GeX.1::add 5 more assist per game?  so you want him to average 25 and 13? lol
mikedogg08::ya, you are just as naive as the rest of you heat "fans"
Choose your member name::Apparently  Indiana did not get the memo!
Choose your member name::Silly Pacers, actually thought they could hang with D best team in the league!  Funny how a couple of weeks ago, Pacers fans were saying they would win the central. lol
Alejandra7788::What's up with this 140?? I hate it!!! Anyways..good game pacers, y'all got no chance to celebrate last night :)
jeffymacleod::hibbert is going to be the under the radar free agent signing that one team will get. he will elevate a franchise such as the clippers, sixers, or dallas into deep playoff contention
alud21::is this a joke? you pick his worst game of the year after just being dominted to make this statement?
best_man_for_the_GOB::He did say "under the radar". Last night's game is a great time to say something like that. I'm a Bulls fan and I will be glad to see Indiana unable to resign him.
sjr1893::Noah is on a mission
DRoseIsSexy::I like how everyone goes on about Bulls only win b/c of Rose, he didn't play his best last night and the rest of the team stepped up. And now people are only focusing on how he played? Bad trolls bad.
DRoseIsSexy::Rose is amazing. He's modest,  not a sell out, and doesn't care what the media thinks. Perfect player.
Erica6592::He gets acused of being a ball-hog, but has ended up getting more that 8 the last 3 games lol. When Rose is on, the team follows
RyanCarranza::Exactly!  They always say Bulls can't win without Rose, but then they say Rose sucks because the Bulls win without him.  It makes no sense.
Foot made of Steel::It was nice trollin all you gay Bulls fans...  PEACE
53Kevin::Only gay people lable other people gay.
sjr1893::u leaving because u cant handle the HOT SAUCE
IlliniDave68::No. He's leaving to get some man gravy.
Danny74068::See you. .Hope you don't miss the short bus again tomorrow.  Get an education....
RyanCarranza::Troll indeed.  Fall down a flight of stairs
alud21::20 flights
Foot made of Steel::Why do people think that an opinion is hatred?  Idiots.
DRoseIsSexy::Because you come on the bulls board and talk bad about Drose. He's not even close to the end of career. No way can you state he's like Iverson.
Danny74068::Please, please don't miss the short bus again tomorrow.. I hope tomorrow you make it back to school.
pspank1::I can beat you all day...your comments are just G...A...Y....LMAO
RyanCarranza::Because you are pointing useless flaws that everyone has a rebuttle for and you have nothing to say afterwards... Idiot
Foot made of Steel::The Bulls only have a good record because they play Detroit, Wizards and the Bobcats every other day.
DRoseIsSexy::Yeah and we got the Jazz up soon. Jazz are better than Miami!
RyanCarranza::Just played Spurs, Philly, and Indy... Beat em all
Foot made of Steel::I like Rose, dont get me wrong but he is something like Allen Iverson...  Iverson never won a title by the way.
IlliniDave68::Neither did Ewing, Barkley, Malone, or Stockton.  Rose is WAY more talented than any of them.  Hater.
IlliniDave68::Didn't Miami beat the Bulls to go to the Finals last year?  How'd THAT end up, bitch?
Danny74068::ENDED UP GREAT......
RyanCarranza::IT WAS ONE YEAR!!!!
Foot made of Steel::Didnt the Bulls have the best record last year?  How did that end up?
Foot made of Steel::Did you just say MJ and Rose in the same sentence? WOW
Danny74068::Wow, you really have a steel head.  I guess if by not being great you mean having the best NBA Record... then I guess all other team wish they weren't great as the Bulls.  How is your team doing by the way???? did they happen to lose the last 2 games?
RyanCarranza::Says who???  He is 23 years old!!!!  He is the youngest MVP ever...  Rookie of the year.  Took his team to the ECF and has a chance to achieve something faster than Jordan.  WIN A RING
IlliniDave68::HATE=FEAR
Foot made of Steel::They will never be great.
RyanCarranza::Yeah Rose is an ego driven jerkoff.;.. totally... Rose is better than Iverson at every aspect in life.  Iversons fate in the NBA doesn't mean anything to Rose's fate.  You are a complete idiot
Foot made of Steel::CP3 &gt; Rose  D Will &gt; Rose  Rondo &gt; Rose  Lin &gt; Rose
53Kevin::Foot made of steal,you are just a hater with nothing else to do but troll.Rose&gt;Foot made of steal! Shud change your name to Foot made of toilet tissue,cuz you soft!!!!
pspank1::I can beat you all day..your comments are just G..A...Y...LMAO...
Danny74068::And how signed the 2nd biggest Endorement deal??  I wonder why that  was?
IlliniDave68::You = Rose hater.  It's obvious.  Now, GTFO.
Jaywashing::Too much incorrectness for one post. I can't bear it.
RyanCarranza::MVP = Rose &gt;  Those guys you mentioned
mccoywajmu::bwahahaha get outta here
Foot made of Steel::Watch who will get the minutes when the Olympics come around...  Coach K knows best....  CP3 &gt; Rose
Danny74068::Apparently Brain made of steel does
IlliniDave68::More like Brain made of Tapioca.
pspank1::Beat Minn then come back to our boards....lol
53Kevin::You a punk bcuz you won't reveal who your team is!
pspank1::Ok so why you here with nonsense then...this is not even a convo to have...lol
Foot made of Steel::Not even a Clippers fan...
mccoywajmu::who cares
angeide1124::Hmmmm.... not much going on here.  How about the Heat! Pot meet kettle.
best_man_for_the_GOB::Listen to Lebron kid. Stay in school.
Danny74068::yes how about them.. .the lost 2 in a row... have you heard?
Foot made of Steel::CP3 &gt; Rose  Chris Paul plays defense, dishes out dimes, leader on the floor, can shoot the 3, mid range, and contribute without scoring...  D. Rose relies on his quickness and plays no D and cant dish out.
53Kevin::Just look up Chris Paul vs DRose's head to head stats or shut up!
Jaywashing::Rose plays much better defense than he used to and distributes just fine. His shot is improving and he seemed to contribute pretty well last night despite a low scoring output.
Foot made of Steel::D Rose can out score him because he is a shoot first type of guard....  If CP3 really wanted to look for his shot... He can get his.
Jaywashing::Yeah, Chris Paul is currently a better shooter than Rose. I admit that.
mccoywajmu::and cp3 cant out score him
Foot made of Steel::He can't out shoot CP3
Danny74068::maybe is not your foot made of steel but your head
Suspended18Names::I'm out y'all But I helped slay the dragon called Prioritie... BOW BEFORE ME, SUBJECTS!!!
Foot made of Steel::The Bulls need to trade Boozer for Joe Johnson for them to even have a chance...
best_man_for_the_GOB::JJ's hurt. Hawks don't need Boozer.
Foot made of Steel::AL Horford is possibly out for the season...
mccoywajmu::boozer has no clutch gene
Foot made of Steel::- Lebron James
IlliniDave68::http://i.qkme.me/3qv2.jpg
Foot made of Steel::The Bulls will go no where until they get rid off Boozer and get an All-Star SG...
angeide1124::How bout those Hoosiers!!
mccoywajmu::I still say the rip injury could be a blessing in disguise if it forces the front office to make a deal
IlliniDave68::Agreed.
pspank1::Stephen Jackson anyone?
IlliniDave68::You really want the Bulls to trade draft picks/bench players away INSIDE the division?
pspank1::Mil not going anywhere...he just wasting away there..
angeide1124::no.  Not me.
RyanCarranza::Won't happen...
mccoywajmu::if he is bought out the way rip was sure...give him the bi annual exception
Suspended18Names::Prioritie is gone! Next, Heat Fans, LeBron's remaining hair, Wade's symptoms of menopause
yardog59::The Heat are taking too long to win a championship and got slapped by Lebron's mama!!
IlliniDave68::Slapped or something more sinister -  http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/14971313.jpg
Foot made of Steel::CP3 &gt; D Rose
Danny74068::Then God said "Derrick Rise" so Derrick Rose
Danny74068::With all your respect.. you are crazy!! LOL.  I like CP3... but no.........
mccoywajmu::lol rose owns chris paul
Suspended18Names::I remember u from the OKC board ur still wrong though Rose&gt;Rondo&gt;CP3
Danny74068::but lead a team to the best nba record.. MVP, rookie of the year?  All star his 3rd year?  A lot more than what CP3 has done..
Foot made of Steel::and Rose has one?
Danny74068::hello???? he did get a chance in New Orleans... and?????? I don't remember a title????
Foot made of Steel::Funny, I don't remember you...  CP3 has a better chance leading a team than Rose....  FACT
sjr1893::Rip caught the injury disease that Booz has had for years
angeide1124::too much booze?
sjr1893::everyone has had a little too much Booz
angeide1124::Hmmm.... not much to see hear.  Heat beat these teams easily......
yardog59::Bucks?? At home???  Pathetic.
chadhenne07::what about the bucks
angeide1124::the sucks?
Danny74068::Then again.. Go to a Buck Boar... FEAR THE DEER. I bet there you won't say that.
GeX.1::you already said that retard.  and it's spelled, "here"
sjr1893::I refuse to say the Rip signing is a bust, we got him to beat the Heat in the playoffs, lets wait and see what he does then
Truth567::True, but he just has to get healthy in time for the playoffs. The other guys can hold the fort in the regular season. Next Wednesday will be an interesting test.
IlliniDave68::I hear you and hope he's able to get healthy and STAY THAT WAY. Right now, I have my doubts.
IlliniDave68::I don't know, man. That was the original plan but the dude's a walking injury magnet! Not even on the floor two minutes last night!
mccoywajmu::rip has done nothing to garner the support that rose gets
chadhenne07::as fans....i feel that we should still support rip.........if rose missed all those games rip missed would we ask bulls to trade rose and get another PG................HELL NO....................i believe we are fine without rip....i think rip is more of a cherry on top
chadhenne07::thats what i have been saying all morning......im not giving up on rip
Danny74068::I was hoping to see the full impact he would bring to the team... and I guess we'll have to wait longer.  That could be our worst enemy.. or perhaps the element of surprise to beat Miami.
