Trespayne::Seriously, Pistons? We should be gunning for that top 5 pick. Not only is it a better pick but it would give us a legit and better chance at a top 3 with a higher percentage in the lottery.
matthewpaul526::Quit winning! Love to see Burke or Oladipo in a Piston uni.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Lowry killed Calderon. Calderon hit his open looks but was non existent on defence. He was the cause of about 50 Raptors points by not facing up anyone. Lowry spends more time under the basket than any PG in the NBA.
Duke_sucks_horrible::Canadians know nothing about sports unless it has ice and a puck = BORINGGGGGG
samnishanth::piston needs  find the points without any rebounds
ZennMasterLurch::Please lose the rest of your games Pistons.
125dominater::Pistons suck D###!!!!!!
Raptors_Heat_Bluejays::fire casey
knicks_11::raptors blow  pistons have more promise than the raps in future
King_Danilo92::lmfao yeah in your dreams pal
Shabazz54::Yeah April belongs to the PISTONS!  WOOOT, were gonna play right out of 5th place and into like 8-9 where the real meat of this year's draft talent is.  So suck on that the rest of the NBA.   Pistons winning when it counts ;)
makar130::now with Lowry struggles Calderon trade looks like stupid joke
makar130::Raptors problem now is Lowry and Derozan, thirst can do right decisions in crucial moments, second trying shoot as much as possible of the more complicated situation ... it is ignorant players basics of team play and leading Toronto to one defeat after another, and it's good that even Bargnani hurt ....
FadeBackShootAirBall4::I had to laugh at lakers fans making excuses on a toronto/pistons bored...remember at the start of the season how everybody had LA in the finals, how lakers fans were saying they will run through the west and kobe will win his 6th ring..and the lakers are the best team in the west and they'll defeat OKC in 5..but now it's "the lakers don't have a stacked roster" lmao..excuses excuses excuses
Shabazz54::Remember when this was a raptors/pistons board?
Hi There_::Yep, I remember. Anyone who said the Clipps would be better than the Lakers was shouted off of the boards.
FadeBackShootAirBall4::and laughed at
itsover2222::congrats to the pistons for the win and congrats to rudy gay for his 1st career game shooting over 50%
dsuchanek::Brittney Griner is a free agent and would provide some rebounding help for the lowly Raptors.   8 games left and we will eagerly await another .365 winning percentage next year. Burke went first and Colangelo will be next.  The Raptors are the Devry of professional basketball.
m_gunners::a team supposedly challenging for 8th in the East just fizzled out so badly....disgraceful.....this is what happens when you have Lowry in the team...
Hi There_::they only just got good after the Gay trade. Around .500 since, they seem to be the Bucks of next season.
m_gunners::a team supposedly challenging for 8th in the East just fizzled out so badly....disgraceful.....this is what happens when you have Lowry in the team...
gri400::wow, someone blaming lowry and not rudy, this is... odd
TheJTram::Shub2308 - Lakers have a stacked roster? Since when?  Nash is pushing 40, Kobe is in his 17th season and they have no bench.   Not to mention Nash broke a bone, Gasol injured his leg, artest shredded his knee, Howard was coming off back surgery, Kobe has all types of nagging injuries, Steve Blake was out for 2 months and Jordan hill has been out almost all year.  New coach 5 games in. ------------------------------------------ Get this...if you have KOBE BRYANT and DWIGHT HOWARD, the #1 SG and the #1 C in the NBA today, that alone is stacked....no excuses
Renee Paquettes Hot Ass::Lakers fans are great at living in the past and coming up with excuses when they don't live up to the expectations that, THEY THEMSELVES set. They crowned themselves champs in August. It's no wonder everyone trolls them.
Dowis24::trade derozan
okc_gambler::Louisville will beat the Raptors
Renee Paquettes Hot Ass::Not even a contest.  Any NBA team would work any Div. I team.
FadeBackShootAirBall4::no but they probably could beat the bobcats
gri400::and we beat the pacers, therefore bobcats&gt; pacers
FadeBackShootAirBall4::a broke clock is right twice a day
okc_gambler::The Bobcats beat the Raptors
Joeb7853::For people that thought these guys knew how to build a team, here's your evidence. Teams don't let good players go if they are really good players. Beware deals like the Rudy Gay deal.
jerseyburbs::Um.  Weren't the raps up by 10 midway through the 3rd?
gri400::yes, but then we remembered we were the raps
Philip3664::Is Stuckey tryna make them think twice about trading him this summer
AWG313::say it ain't so
mattcowboys77AD::only turned the ball over 8 times, very proud!
Chawks116::GG to everyone, especially jose
Chawks116::Maybe in the next couple years we can give rudy a team to play for
Joeb7853::If you are lucky that team won't be in Toronto.
Renee Paquettes Hot Ass::GG Pistons fans. You were by far the better team tonight.
DTownSportsLions::We were not as shi.tty of a team tonight =)
gri400::perfect :)
DTownSportsLions::gri400 - so... we outsucked you?  ========== Exactly
gri400::so... we outsucked you?
Renee Paquettes Hot Ass::lol
Shub2308::Lakers have a stacked roster? Since when?  Nash is pushing 40, Kobe is in his 17th season and they have no bench.   Not to mention Nash broke a bone, Gasol injured his leg, artest shredded his knee, Howard was coming off back surgery, Kobe has all types of nagging injuries, Steve Blake was out for 2 months and Jordan hill has been out almost all year.  New coach 5 games in.
Hi There_::lakers suck, pinning all hopes on lebron 2014 w/e
Bob Rizzi::excuses much?  how big is the payroll i wonder?
TheJTram::Is Dwight Howard still not the Best Center in the League, is Kobe still not the best Shooting Guard in the League, is Nash still not one of the best passing PGs and shooter in the League, is MWP still not a good defensive player in the League, is Gasol still not a good post presence, that alone is STACKED
gri400::GG everyone, glad to see jose do well in his return, even if we lost.  I miss ya jose
Bob Rizzi::it is offical, toronto are the worst team in the league - as dirk says, SHUT IT DOOOAAWWWNNN
Philip3664::Payback
mattcowboys77AD::stuckey would
1cubbiesfan::THANK YOU PISTONS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Benjamayne::wow, rudy cant even carry this sorry excuse for a team lol
DTownSportsLions::I'm going to the Tigers Blue Jays game next week
laytonwasasocialist_2.0::i'm going to go see them play in the ALCS
gri400::That would be a sick game to go to :)  have fun man
DTownSportsLions::Always fun but its going to be cold. Blue Jays have a good squad this year. I hope the Yankees and Red Sox finish last in that division.
1989Chester::Detroit win! Woo! +275 money line
mattcowboys77AD::DAGGER
Philip3664::JJ
Chawks116::Once again, thanks Derozan
TheJTram::You know what would be really nice for a gift, a winning season for once...
Hi There_::over .400 would be a major improvement actually
gri400::you piston people have had plenty of that, even a title!  But what about us, what about the raptors?
Hi There_::3 titles, 5 finals in 25 years
gri400::lol, fair enough, at least someone remembers that :)
TheJTram::Yall won a division title once with Chris Bosh. That's something
DTownSportsLions::We all suck!
laytonwasasocialist_2.0::Lets go blue jays!
gri400::<a> <i> <u> LETS GO BLUE JAYS</u></i></a>
gri400::i'm sure i showed you how by now
laytonwasasocialist_2.0::show off
okc_gambler::Sorry a,ss team blew a ten point lead at home
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Calderon 1 more assist, Please!
danielc901::But but but... Rudy scored a lot of points.  lol
gri400::yes, clearly he's the reason we're losing tonight.
nbastreaming::hello
Tunchi is on 24hour banned::731 Detriot Pistons +7(-110) risking 2,200 to win 2,000  Shut your trap haters!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Shub2308::22 to win 20 lol
steve_cronin61::post an imgur with the betting website and prove it
sonofben91::I dont hate. I just dont believe
Shub2308::Never said the wizards were any good
TheJTram::Then I wouldnt be talking sh*t. Both our teams sucks. Wizards suck, Pistons suck, Raptors suck, Lakers in danger of missing playoffs with a stacked roster, everyone's happy.
Hi There_::if lakers miss the playoffs then the cavs dont get a 2nd good draft pick which is goo for both our teams
gri400::that lakers part makes everyone happy by itself
Hi There_::your Van Dy.ke beard did...
Chawks116::Derozan for Kobe, we would lose more games but we could fill the seats and get more media coverage and hype
