Sportsfan61679::If Bobcats keep winning they won't be in the lottery draft?  Jordan will have to pay some free agent to make his team better.  I am sure he is upset they are doing this well
Mizzle85::Lol. Might have to get rid of a couple of overachievers.
Andy4025::Check out INTPICKS for betting advice on this game, see the site for full details, no phone calls, non-sleazy, etc.
manimarf09::Wow, Wizards are like the new Bobcats. I was never very high on Wall or Beal (1-11 tonight? Ouch!). Thought they should have gone with TRob or another non-guard. That being said, Bobcats .500! Bobcats .500!
The_Spaz_LA::Shall we start a pool?  Who will win first? Pistons or Wizards?
denn19641::Redwings once the NHL starts :)
Gigszoo::1-11....looks like ray allen
JFang31::Brendan Haywood was great at off reb and putting them back in this game, Tyrus also showed potential going for loose balls. Lets see if our frontcourt will be able to stop Pek
CamROY113::Won't have to.
KKhan04::Bobcats&gt; Lakers FACT
wunderrr::nice to see the Bobcats winning games after all that crap talking idiots on the boards here. way to go!
Bocktor::WATCH OUT HEAT, HERE COME THE BOBCATS!
JagsWizardsAstros::Prrretty sure we're the worst team evers but at least we come at you with double Trevors.
thomascedill::Noticed that NBA players are using the word "lackadaisical" lol or however you spell it...   But anyways good win for Catz. Dunlap might be the right fit for them.
Erban Legend::Bradley Beal is a bust.
dubcheedubmee::still waiting for this dude to do something
Wodtke84::MKG is starting to live up to his draft position.  He will be among the league leaders in steals as well as rebounds for a small forward.
Mr. Bradford::Price and Beal a combined 3-23. Not exactly positive output from two of your starters. Also, when you attempt 31 three pointers and only make 5 of them (16.1%), maybe you should STOP shooting them!   Embarrassing.
.Cutty::Fire everyone. Fire John Wall. Fire Kobe and Hakeem.
Jthizz69::Bradley Beal looks 40 in his picture
Jimmy45795::"Omg my team is winning. I may not look like the worst owner after all"  -Michael Jordan
AvengedByCats::All this coming from a Browns fan?
cwasdyke::So who's making fun of the Bobcats now.
robpinpa::I'm so sick of the Wizards.. Forget the injuries, the front office needs to be fired.. Period end of story. Get a new coach, not one that wins when the season is already 99% over. Finally, re brand yourself back to the Bullets! Screw Marion Barry and the city council who thought Bullets was a negative influence on inner youth.
robpinpa::But in 1996, with the crime rate in D.C. at an alarming rate, Pollin announced that he was going to change the name of the team due to the 'negative connotation' associated with the word 'bullet'.  Read more: http://wiki.answers.com/Q/Why_did_the_Washington_Bullets_change_the_name_to_the_Wizards#ixzz2CAbTPWoD
dane123646::You know, it's really not Marion Barry's fault, and it has nothing to do with the name.
Curtis Snow from Tha Bluff::Go Bullets
OmriCasspi12::Just some NBA news. Cavs inducted Omri Casspi into their team hall just after one year. http://thescrublist.blogspot.com/#!/2012/11/cavaliers-to-induct-omri-casspi-into.html
tgmetsfan69::rarefied air for the cats here, whens the last time they were above .500?
JakeRichardson48::after the first game of the season when they were 1-0
tgmetsfan69::cats are looking pretty good, but for the fans sake i hope they still place near the bottom of the league because middle round draft picks dont usually yield great talent and two great players arent gonna win any championships
.Cutty::Shabazz sweepstakessss
TCluvcarpanthers::The Bobcats will still win this.
Flashandthecrew::Bobcats lookin good, btw very bright future ahead gl
denn19641::Wizards in the haunt of Shabazz sweepstakes with the Pistons.
denn19641::Pistons already got Drummond unless they want to kick Maxiell. I think a SF or SG is what they need.
FaggenP636::Zeller is better than anything Detroit has at the big right now. They'd take him. He's in the top two in the draft.
JrueRandallHoliday::If Derrick Williams gets no burn, I doubt McAdoo would considering he's a tweener too.
winningoverhere::james michael mcadoo is better than zeller. mcadoo looks like a reved up more exciting version of anthony davis. He'll definitely be a hot pick this year "when" he decides to go pro. i don't see him staying another year sadly.
FaggenP636::Cody Zeller!! He's the best player in the land by far. I am an admitted Hoosier fan. But, why would Zeller want to go to the worst franchise in professional sports with the worst GM? If I were him, I'd hope Detroit!
JrueRandallHoliday::Why would Zeller want to go to Detroit? When would he get a chance to play... think about it...
Ketzel189::How's Beal looked so far?
Ketzel189::Hmm he's young I hope he figures it out.
LargoD85::On and Off
Andrew4Bama4::MKG is proving to be the right pick! what a beast... Go CATS!
RZA_CONSOLE::nice work ! better record than the lakers  dantoni..........hahahaha
LargoD85::Wiz fans...Lets take a shot for everytime Jordan Crawford takes a shot without attempting to make 1 pass. I counted 8 tonite. Cheers to becoming an alcoholic.
rex Minturn::poor randy whitman
LargoD85::His substitutions are poor. Let Beal find his way out of the slump instead of taking him out. Give Crawford's minutes to Cartier and Webster.
hokienation135::Wow Bobcats fans have something to look forward too. Kemba has surprised us all. I thought Sessions would hurt his PT this season but I guess not. MKG is getting better and better. Good luck Bobcats
GPFC::Kemba +25 while on court. Unbelievable!
GPFC::Agree. His turnovers are down nicely. Was worried that sessions coming in and potentially starting could have hindered his development.
pantherfan2488::He has honed his game.  With good direction that kid will be an all-star.
bosoxrick::wiz fans...where do we go from here?
FaggenP636::Grunfeld needs to be fired. Yeah, without two starters, but 0-6? Come on. This is disgraceful. Worst franchise in pro sports. They are passive and reactive. Always trade for has-beens. The curse on this franchise is disgusting.
seandlax9::Pray that the NHL comes back before I punch my TV off of its stand
ShaqaLate::home? nah jk regroup and hope john wall comes back fast and that jan vesly improves and becomes more integrated in the system because i believe he can be an above average starter
Big Meech Larry Hoover::just hope that RG3 can turn it around!
ShaqaLate::i hope bobcats do good for the fanbase :D (celt fan)
JakeRichardson48::i kind of like being able to get tickets for five dollars though
joe quack::couldnt agree more. i want them to stay crappy so i can sit in the 8th row for 15 dollars
pantherfan2488::Charlotte is a bball city.  if it wasn't for George Shinn, it would still be a Charlotte Hornets.  Honestly though I'm enjoying this "nobody believes in us" team.
dafigu01::Is it possible that we could have bested last years win total by the end of november? That would be love
Big Meech Larry Hoover::why wasn't ben gordon playing?
Dung_Slanger::iSSUES in da fam i thunmk
dafigu01::family issues
Mizzle85::Family emergency.
Mizzle85::It's a new day in Charlotte baby! In Cho we trust!
Michel de Nostradame::another Overall Good Game for the Bobcats, Still too early to be talking Playoffs but they at least show heart and determination out there. I can't say the same for the lowly Wizards, they keep underachieving and playing "russian roulette" to have the worst record in a single season. I'm sure the Bobcats wouldn't mind handing that awesome achievement over to them lol
dafigu01::Also UK football that has been pretty horrible to watch as well, but the bobcats are giving me hope
dafigu01::Sports wise its been a good year for. NY Giants won the superbowl. UK won the NCAA championship. The only blemish was my bobcats lol brought me back to reality haha
LAKERS-ORANGE-CUBS FAN::i live in north carolina and i have never seen so many bobcat fans lol
AvengedByCats::Oh my goodness the teams you like are EVERYWHERE.
Bandwagon_Bobcats.Fan::haha! YES! MKG is the real deal.
dafigu01::Haven't seen a 2 game winning streak since the '10-'11 season
bosoxrick::just dreadful...the fact that ernie grunfeld is still the gm of this team shows that they are comfortable w/what they got.  they deserve this
Mizzle85::It'll be interesting to see how Hakim Warrick fits into this defense. He is still hella athletic and Dunlap can probably revive his career.
dafigu01::Im loving the kemba/ramon combo. We didn't even miss BG or Hendo today. I like what I see, we have alot more depth than we have had in the past.
brohani::Good game Wizards fans..man i see talent but no discipline. Coach needs to send a memo..you just dont go 5-31 from three. You really don't need to shoot 31 3's either
dafigu01::My team winnin!!
dafigu01::Mike Dunlap  for COY
brohani::bobcats winnnnn. Dunlap is a great coach man
