Mark Simmons::It's obvious these preview writers don't pay any attention.  I guarantee you anybody who saw the Warriors/Nets game would NEVER have said the Warriors "squandered" that game.  That was a dead dog exhausted team after 7 road games and getting in to Jersey at 3am that gave everything they had. Unfortunately, this happens all the time with these Previews.  You would think ESPN would get writers that actually paid attention to the sports they cover, but no.
Kemala Martin::ESPN=TMZ Sports
Peter Peterr::Mark I agree with you.  Let's see if ESPN will delete this message.  lol
Dana Di Dio::Well Mark, I didn't read whatever pissed you off but I did see the game and Barnett (sp) commented that once the Warriors were up by 10 points in the 1st quarter they relaxed  some and the nets came charging back. Yes I'm sure they were tired or whatever but they did have a big lead and in that way they did "squander" the opportunity to break a record! But if it was easy it would not have been a record.  I don't like making excuses for loses.
J.W. Madden::I am getting the impression that Chad Wiggins is not a Warriors fan....
Ugur Altpk::This match is going to be very close .... Golden state -134 Boston - 39
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Were you trying to be funny?
Randall McEnaney::sick of sullinger's turnovers
Chelo Mejias::That was a big one too, could decide the game
Tony Hartmann::At least the Celtics are showing some heart.
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Time to tank Celtics
Kemala Martin::Dubs get back on track with a blowout win.
David Aliamus::Still talk of Warriors being an elite team!  Not with those stats from the bench players!  A very good team but not elite.  Also, the announcer Fitzgerald needs to understand that if the whistle is not blown, then it is not a foul.  It might not be right but that's the way it is.
Darryl McMillon::True, but refs have been swallowing their whistles on Warriors players far too often. guess they have to earn the whistles.
Peter Peterr::Much need rest for the Warriors, even though it was just 1 day.  Let's go Warriors!
Darryl Barnes::I see colonel Klank Thompson is at it again. More Bazemore less Klank
Tony Hartmann::What a shot by Curry!
Kenny Niles::Curry is a twat
Phillip Paradiso::nice win GS
Jeffrey Kinneman::I hope the Warriors get ANdre Miller somehow, someway. He would be the perfect back up for STeph. He would also solidify the bench. Andre Miller Harrison Barnes and Draymon Green would make a nice bench. If J O'Neil can comeback before the season ends it would help also. Cmon Dubs. Get it done..
Greg Maxwell::If they had started Humphries at the beginning of the season, they probably would have won a few more games.  The Cs inability to run their half court offense down the stretch in games has cost them games as well.  Turnovers and shot selection have hurt them all season long.
Ahmad-Id Al-Akkad::I expected the Warriors to lose at Brooklyn, because a 7-0 road trip is too much for them, WHO DEY???? An overrated team, a team which plays arrogant, Steph Curry thinks he can make every shot. I saw the game at Brooklyn and I must say the Warriors played headless, while the Nets offered some solid Basketball, they really deserved this win.
Joey Pine::You are a idiot^^^^^ you point out it was their 7th road game in a row....but then bash them for looking exhausted and not playing good!! im'ma assume you are just a nets fan happy to see a win
Lights Godown::5pts shy of league history as well as franchise history had they marked an 11th straight win. Clearly that's overrated.
Kemala Martin::This dude is just confused, hes a panther, eagle and ravens fan, dude is a born hater so just let him do his job.
Chad Wiggins::their missing  because they did not come ready to play… Pathetic effort by the warriors…..  now they are trying to turn it on, and they're clanking everything.. heres a novel idea, next game, come prepared to play….. then u may actually blow out the inferior team ur playing
Kevin Russell::http://kevinrussell7571.wix.com/vipsportspicks
Mike Bird Munger::LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL@ THE OFFICIATING.  JESUS H CHRIST THESE FRAUDS ARE ACTUALLY MAD WE'RE OUTPLAYING THESE WEST COAST PANSIES SO NOW THEY'RE GONNA TAKE OVER AND INTENTIONALLY HELP GS.
Liam Sibson::Klay and Curry will combine for 65 points. Bogut and Iguodala will combine for 30 Rebounds. The Celtics will get 28+ Fouls and 20+ Turnovers. Green and Crawford will combine for 15 points.
Jesse Diamond::no, no, no and no
Mike Bird Munger::ONCE AGAIN, STERN PROVES HE'S PETRIFIED THAT ONE OF HIS PET TEAMS IS GONNA GET DOMINATED BY US SO HE ORDERS HIS REFS TO INTENTIONALLY SCREW US.
Chad Wiggins::lmao at anyone who considers this "when i want to be" def minded team being a contender… they are not…. they are a jumpshooting fad
J.W. Madden::Iguodala is a very good defender.  Bogut is good, the rest are average, at best.
Wayne Polk::They hold their opponents to the 4th lowest fg% in the league and they're top 10 in points allowed. Do some reasearch because you are clueless.
J.W. Madden::He is a troll Wayne, of course he is clueless.
Ron Schaffer::Boston was scrappy tonight. Big effort from Humphries and Sullinger. GS was very fortunate to pull this one out.
Jeffrey Kinneman::Boston was very fortunate to get Golden State coming of a very long road trip. The Dubs havent had time to rest yet. They will rest the next four days. If they played Boston four days from now, it would have been a totally different outcome. Golden St would have had the bench in at the start of the 4th.
Jr Eastwood::GS SHOULD WIN THIS GAME EASYLY BUT IF THE COUCH PLAYS THE SUBS A LOT IN 2ND QT LIKE LAST GAME I DONT KNOW ITS ALL UP TO COUCH HOW MANY GS WINS BUY
Darryl McMillon::have to admit it... a trade for Miller or Heinrich (if Chicago is game). We can let Douglas go and also can move another player I will leave unmentioned here, but Dubs fans know who we should reluctantly move to greener pastures while he has some value...
Shaun Mitts::lma0 Gerald Wallace.  cant believe he gets paid 11+ mil   only Bily King would offer that
Chad Wiggins::garbage warriors blowing another huge lead… ugghhh this team just makes u SYH
Wayne Polk::Were you shaking your head when they win 10 in a row. By the way, add another w to the record.
Oscar Rojas::The fun will continue winning or losing. This is the more fun i have washing a basket game go w.
