Minoli87::This ad of Snoop Dogg in a turban has to go
esstea23::OKC vs. Clippers for the west?
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::nope OKC vs SA.. nothing changing from last year
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::i love perk.. but if we can get andy from the cavs.. were unstoppable
Rob132191::well congrats to okc, played a great game and ibaka is a monster. good luck the rest of the way.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::at least you can man up and admit that after the normal trash talk yesterday.. i wish some of the fans took ur approach..
saul1226::Looks like some of you guys have been waiting years for the lakers to suck
thunderguy80::And the Lakers screwed themselves with all those big contracts too which is great
AustinBeal::Now that I know that OKC has their contract situation in line, it's safe to say that the Thunder will be competing for the next 5 years at least.
thunderguy80::Yea at least and I believe they r $13 million under the luxury tax and 2 first round picks and a 2nd round pick means they can still go after any big time player weather it b a trade or free agency and still b ok
thunderguy80::I think b4 the season is over or at least b4 the NBA next draft OKC will take up the Cavs trade offer from a few months ago which was Perkins and 2 1st round picks for varejao
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Nope the will will not trade Perk this season. No way, no chance he is why we started play the Defense we do. They are very thankfull for what he ha done. They will let him stay this year to see if we can get the title with him.
AustinBeal::Damn, that dude is a monster on the boards
AustinBeal::The only thing I can question about the Thunder is if they can keep both Kevin Martin and Serge Ibaka after this season, Ibaka is a restricted free agent and Martin is unrestricted. Martin might take a little less than his 12 million he's getting this year, but Ibaka will probably want around 10 million at least, which is a huge jump compared to his 2 mil this year, so the Thunder might have to let Martin go in free agency.
Chargers_4_Sale::Naw Collison can't start at center. Lol he's my boy, but we struggle with him one season with him playing center.
pnut4ou::he basically got 12 million a year
thunderguy80::They already resigned Ibaka they took care of his contract b4 negotiating with Harden...Martin has already stated he would do whatever he can 2 stay here and that money was no issue that he's waited 5 years 2 get to a contending team and he would do whatever it took to stay here
AustinBeal::Damn, OKC has it made in the shade
pnut4ou::Ibaka just got a new contract this summer dude, he is here for 4 years
AustinBeal::I just saw that, I looked on some bogus website at first. My bad
Chargers_4_Sale::I think Martin will take less because he been in the league long enough to stay in compete for the ring like Garnett. I think they'll amnesty Perkins before they'll let Ibaka go. Martin is dirt cheap compare to what we would of end up paying Harden.
AustinBeal::Nick Collison would be a decent replacement for Perkins and would cost a lot less if they decided to cut Perkins loose.
thunderguy80::Whats funny is haters talking about how old SA is but if u look at what their reserves have been doing Manu,Duncan and Parker will b leaving that organization in good hands when they hang it up
AustinBeal::You're the only non spurs fan to notice that, Nando De Colo had his best game of the season last night and Tiago Splitter has improved too
thunderguy80::I'm not a biased fan like most..I may b an OKC fan but I'm also an NBA fan...I also told Laker fans that just because they got Howard and Nash didn't make them a contender and that they would probably battle just 2 get in the playoffs
AustinBeal::Alright I'm gonna keep all the talking relevant to basketball, and I have nothing bad to say about the Thunder, a great team. But my Spurs will rebound and be ready for next time, assuming health doesn't continue to be an issue like it has so far this year.
AustinBeal::Hopefully for years to come OKC and San Antonio will be in the WCF, If the Spurs don't make the finals I hope Memphis or OKC make it, I hate Chris Paul and the Clippers, they're just a flash in the pan in my opinion and won't keep this success going for longer than a couple more years.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::because they're not real fans.. soon all the celebs will go to clipper games and lakers games will look like they did back before shaq after magic.. no ones execept the true fans and jack nicholson.
thunderguy80::I agree and it just annoys me that Laker fans r jumping on the Clippers bandwagon
thunderguy80::I like the fact that our franchise is molded after the Spurs and Spurs fans should b honored about that because the Thunder is truly the Spurs little brother 2 small market teams that r built the same way leading the NBA against the big market teams... gotta love it..
AustinBeal::I love it, I really do. I get a little caught in the trash talking sometimes but I truly respect the Thunder for building their team from the ground up, just like the Spurs.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::its ok we'll meet again in the wcf.. really no other team is going to make a run.. unless the clips get hot or memphis. but right now they are way too inconsistent... so it will be us again. fighting to play hopefully miami.. we want the heat
Chargers_4_Sale::You want us Oklahoman to feel sorry for the Seattle fans who was hoping for the Thunder to do bad and laughing at their first season, talking down on how nothing was in Oklahoma bringing up saying I'm glad the dusk bowl F Oklahoma up. Even some idiots from Seattle saying I'm glad that dude bombed that Oklahoma building. Dude fu ck Seattle and their fans. I don't give too sh its about them crying about a team they didn't want to succeed. They could of easily been Thunder fans, but chose to be di cks to the OKC fans.
AustinBeal::Damn that's low, I understand their bitterness but that's too low.   Lets just end this subject, good job by the Thunder, a great organization
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::its cool man... we try to take it with a grain of salt but sometimes people like to push the button.. so we gotta go there.. and its not like i dont feel for them , but like chargesrs4 sale said they went way to personal with it..so thats the mindset we have with them "f**k em' "
AustinBeal::I'm sorry man, I didn't know how deep it actually went. I visited that memorial in OKC and that's a tough ordeal. Sorry for all the backlash. I truly respect the Thunder, although I don't personally like Westbrook. Ya'll have a good team.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::yea dude you dont know the extent of this crap we deal with when it comes to this subject.. its touchy.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::ok im settling this now..seattle didnt support their team during the bad years. so they cant say jack.. shawn kemp, gary payton, and detliff didnt want any association with us as the thunder when we tried to honor them (i didnt like the idea) and wouldnt show to our game for the honoring.(dont blame them).. so its obvious they dont care or like us and the feeling is mutual.. so too bad.. were the OKC Thunder and we dont give 2 craps about seattle, its fans, its former players , or their history.. they can keep them.
AustinBeal::You can't possibly say OKC was proud of their last place team a few years ago. And those guys didn't want a part of the Thunder because the way it came to OKC was just wrong.
AustinBeal::I remember when the Saints played 3 games in San Antonio in the Alamodome because of Katrina, that was some of the most fun I've ever had at a sporting event. San Antonio and OKC both have good fan bases in my opinion.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::actually yes we were proud. its not about the wins or losses with us. were proud to have something major like a pro team. which we supported very well for the bad season.. hell we supported the NO hornets when we only had them for one season due to hurricane katrina.. how do you think we got the nod to get the thunder. it was due to the electric fan base for a team that wasnt even ours.. so lets dont get into the whole support system....  and ps i was a huge sonics fan growing up.. i had every kemp jersey they made classic the new logo they had in 96, and his team USA jersey.. so i laugh at people that says we dont know our own history when i lived it bro
thunderguy80::Give credit where credit is due... OKC management has done a great job of finding and getting good players and who's 2 say that even if OKC was an expansion team the year KD got drafted that OKC still wouldn't have gotten him..Sam Presti has done a heck of a job and because of management OKC would of still been a great team either way...
thunderguy80::I'll b honest until we got a team in OKC i was a SA fan and I'm proud of the success SA has had in the last 20 years which is why i was happy when OKC hired Presti..OKC is   molded after the Spurs which Spurs fans should feel honored about and b happy for OKCs success and it goes the same way 4 Thunder fans as well instead of all this garbage being said...and it's time Spurs fans also realized they're not the top dog anymore and b happy it's a team molded after their own  franchise and just say good luck and we'll c u in the playoffs
AustinBeal::Yeah it's pretty cool when half of the NBA coaches have a connection with the Spurs and Sam Presti in OKC is pretty reassuring that every NBA team wants to be like The Spurs.
AustinBeal::Who did Sam Presti use to work for?
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::sa
Chargers_4_Sale::I don't care how the Thunder got the team, nothing is fair in this world and Oklahoma had nothing to do with acquiring the team. It was all Seattle that did it. Thunder is a toy that fans dump and now they're successful, they won't their toy back. I don't know why we arguing with Spur fans about this, it proves how sore they are about losing this game. I expect the ring argument to pull up if it haven't already.
pnut4ou::Austinbeal needs to remove the tampon cause he is losing a lot of blood from his head?   U hate it when the truth doesn't fit to your thinking.  Seriously, the people of seattle missed the vote, and i think that every true sonic fan did vote for keeping the team, it was the other 60% of the people that felt like it might be a better idea to invest in the other sports that are more money makers, and to not dilute the market with another  billion dollar arena for just one team
thunderguy80::No ...it was put 2 a vote of the people and they turned it down by 59% of the vote...
AustinBeal::I'm not sore about the loss, thunder were better last night hands down. I'm just speaking on behalf of Sonic fans, which I am friends with and they loved their team and hate how big buisinessmen owners didn't care as much as they did and they hate how OKC people can't respect the Seattle fans love for the team that got stolen from them.
AustinBeal::City officials, not city patrons. A group of about 10 people made that decision.
thunderguy80::The people of Seattle voted down a penny sales tax to fund a new arenThen when the ownership group said they would pay for a new arena themselves but outside city limits the county said they wouldn't let them..so in my opinion they weren't stolen from Seattle.. Seattle people 4 the most part just didn't give 2 cents about them
AustinBeal::Anybody that wears a Thunder jersey around Seattle gets dirty looks from everyone, and ungrateful Thunder fans are part of the reason.
pnut4ou::Remember , franchises are not public owned.  The people had nothing to do with the move.   Seems to me that AustinBeal must be a sonic fan, or that he is pissed that they moved to a place and have management that actually runs a successful franchise that is taking over what was once a Spurs thing
pnut4ou::what thunder fan has said that they are not grateful?  From everyone i can tell, is that there is nothing but gratitude and happiness.
AustinBeal::You're making Thunder fans look ungrateful about how they acquired the team. Plus it doesn't really bother me that the Thunder beat the Spurs. The Thunder are a good team. But Thunder fans should respect their history a little more. I wish I could say that Shawn Kemp played for my franchise, that guy was awesome.
Chargers_4_Sale::You're making Spur fans look pathetic.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::LB081873 - @yearof- maybe he's speaking for fans. We don't give two craps about the sonics history. Why are you here? It's sad that you don't have the same humility in your team's loss as the spurs do. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  exactly my point LB.. i know we dont..their just bitter spurs fans and have to have something to talk ish about because their team got owned.
Olivia2920::Wow! These Spurs fans on these boards are a bunch of whiney babies! Get over it! Thunder won, y'all act like its the end of the world
LB081873::In the typical spurs fashion, they probably need to go take a nap.
thunderguy80::2 them it is....end of the world came 4 days early 4 Spurs fans and even earlier 4 Lakers fans
JAMEZ709::I'm not the only one who noticed
Olivia2920::I missed the game, but Ibaka had a monster game! I was impressed. Awesome!
AustinBeal::Kevin Durant was drafted in 2007 by the Seattle Supersonics. Nick Collison was drafted in 2003 by the Seattle Supersonics. The Thunder are the Supersonics 5 years removed from Seattle. I cannot believe some Thunder "fans" don't know this. If I was a former Seattle Supersonic fan then I would wanna knock the crap out of all these uneducated Thunder fans.
pnut4ou::hey austinbeal, and all you others saying that us Thunder fans don't know the history of the RELOCATION.  We all know what happened and we know that the Sonics record books are with ours, but the team itself and members don't show off the championship from the sonics.  The media is the one that keeps bringing it up.  If you went to a thunder home game, you do not see a championship banner from the Sonics in the 70's.  All you see hanging is whats been done since the move.  And i have to say it has to be top 5 in all teams to have a beginning like The Thunder.  Please dont repeat that this is an expansion, we know its not, but the organization is completely different and there are only 2 players that have any connection to the sonics
wookiejesus::Seattle didn't deserve the sonics... if you can't show up and cheer during the rough times then you have no leg to stand on when the team leaves... period.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::we all know this.. we just dont care.. f**k seattle..
AustinBeal::Seattle fans cared greatly about their team, but the owners and buisinessmen didn't, Seattle fans are very bitter because their team was stolen not by OKC but by greedy corporate moguls that didn't wanna support the team.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::they didnt set up jack ... they didnt support their team.. and they sold it to us... they didnt turnaround and say here OKC have our franchise.. that didnt happen.. plus when the former seattle greats dont want any association with us, and  the feelings mutual
CBass1317::You wanna give them Kevin Durant back?  Ahhh, no, I didn't think so.
AustinBeal::Seattle drafted Kevin Durant, Seattle failed to build a replacement for the Key Arena and that forced the Sonics to move somewhere with a new arena. Oklahomans should praise Seattle for setting OKC up to have a successful NBA team. Ungrateful to the max.
YearOfTheSpur::Like Oklahomans would say "You boys here dumber than a pile of haystacks, DEY TOOK ER JOBS"
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::dude your from texas.. they say the same dumb country s**t..
JAMEZ709::Reading through some of these comments, I know the Spurs are known as the classiest organization but their fans are a bunch of sore losers.
AustinBeal::Not here man, Thunder won. I'm not happy but I'm not complaining either, Spurs going through a tough stretch of road games, but they'll be in the playoffs by seasons end and that's all that matters.
YearOfTheSpur::Explain how so?
JAMEZ709::I did explain, by looking at the comments
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::no point is people need to stop.. we dont want any association with seattle..thats why the name and the colors changed.. thats seattle's championship we dont claim it.. we dont want no part of it period... The Thunder has been in existance for 5yrs now thats it..thats how we look at it..
YearOfTheSpur::FUNNIEST COMMENT OF THE DAY! Okay guys since RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN doesnt like seattle, they have no relationship whatsoever! You do know Thunder still holds the Sonics history right? Durant got drafted to SEATTLE, google it idiot
CBass1317::You guys are just making Thunder fans sound uneducated and undeserving of a pro team.
AustinBeal::Dude if OKC had a true expansion team they would be like the Bobcats because they are the definition of an expansion team because they had no existence prior to 2004
LB081873::@yearof- maybe he's speaking for fans.  We don't give two craps about the sonics history.   Why are you here?  It's sad that you don't have the same humility in your team's loss as the spurs do.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::dude i know all of this.. and i dont speak for my self im saying in general for okc we dont want the association with them.. yea seattle had a franchise.. they sold it.. end of story.. its not like when utah took the jazz name and colors.. and yes we all know durant was drafted by seattle.
Td4mvp3::why does serge Ibaka always go air congo when he plays us? I mean...there are 29 other teams that he can have career days against...but no...only when he plays the spurs
YearOfTheSpur::Damian Lillard gets a carreer high, Deandre Jordan does too, Ibaka ties his. I dont know man its just bad luck, but when they play against the Lakers they go back to their 10 points a game again
CBass1317::Lillard had one of the best opening nights for a rookie ever against the Lakers.  Just feels that way because you are a Spurs fan.
YearOfTheSpur::Because Stephen Jackson stole his Zebra
CBass1317::Talk to your boy Stephen Jackson
YearOfTheSpur::Scrolling down the comments and WOW. I thought Heat fans were clueless! OKChoke fans didint even know they used to be the Sonics and have a championship LOL. And yes the Lakers are still associated with Minnesota, thats why they have so many championships. idiots i swear. Although I dont blame yall, since you guys are from Oklahoma, yall probably didint watch the NBA, yall were more into NASCAR than anything...
xaionxav::You're an idiot. Embrace your stupidity, I hear it's bliss.
YearOfTheSpur::Explain how im an idiot please :) Did i lie?
Nathan66234::^^^^^ this guy haha.
YearOfTheSpur::^^^OKChoke fan base hahaha So clueless xD
YearOfTheSpur::Spurs have played 16 ROAD Games Thunder have played 8 ROAD Games Enjoy the lead while ya'll can, it only gets easier for the Spurs from now on! FUN FACT: Spurs have played 10 games without Manu, 12 without Kawhi, 15 without Jackson. Spurs aint even healthy and OKChoke is just ahead by 3 games? What a joke.
Gordoc0303::Guess what.  Spurs are going to missing pieces all year because of injuries.  Injuries are a part of the game, get over it.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::wow thought it wouldve been alot closer.. oh well.. THUNDER UP!!.. hopefully everyone needs to stop hating and recognize that were the monters of the west any title shots come through OKC and no where else! so SA go ahead and start with the crying and the whining and the excuses on why you lost last night
Gordoc0303::you realize that if manu and kawhi got their points it would have taken points away from other players on your team right?
thunderguy80::Nm..i apologize i just made myself look stupid...my apologies
YearOfTheSpur::You lost Game 1 without Manu. That's embarrising. 1-1 this season
YearOfTheSpur::thunderguy80 - Again Manu wouldn't have made much of a difference in this game...and Manu didn't play in the 1st meeting either..so go troll somewhere else...or get your facts b4 commenting because your making yourself look more and more dumber  So your saying Manu wouldve had 0 points, and Kawhi as well? OKChoke won by 14 points, im pretty sure both of em combined wouldve scored 30+
thunderguy80::Again Manu wouldn't have made much of a difference in this game...and Manu didn't play in the 1st meeting either..so go troll somewhere else...or get your facts b4 commenting because your making yourself look more and more dumber
big_east27::OKC will go back to the finals this season, idk if the clips or memphis will be enough to handle them
thunderguy80::And past Titles don't mean squat the game 2day is faster and more physical 2day than it was 15 years ago and the fact that OKC won a WCF championship and played in a Finals in it's 1st 4 years is a testament as to how good this team truly is...Spurs fans seem 2 4get it took their team 23 years to play in the their 1st conference finals and Finals every team in the league has taken 10+ years to make it to their respected conference Finals and Finals appearance since expansion or relocation  and OKC did it in 4 and did it in a more competitive difficult era...so haters hate all u want but OKC is here 2 stay..
CBass1317::And, you are an idiot, by the way.  OKC was not an expansion team.  OKC has been a team since 1967 and won a championship in 1979.  So ... what the $@%! are you talking about?
YearOfTheSpur::RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN - omg we dont have any association with seattle stop it.. do you still refer to lakers to minn... hornets with charlotte..  Actually, yes the Lakers are still associated with the Minnesota Lakers via CHAMPIONSHIPS. Hornets are still associated with Charlotte. Nets are still associated with New Jersey. And OKChoke thunder are STILL associated with the Sonics LOL. fail on your part
CBass1317::@Thunder --  AND Blazers WON a title in 7 years after expansion.  Different time, but it happened.
CBass1317::@Thunder. Fair enough, you are right,  I am an idiot.  Just to make myself feel a little better, Lakers made it to the finals their SECOND season after relocating.  @RUMBLE -- my point was that the team was not an expansion team.  I never said they were in Seattle still, but it is the same franchise.  Expansion teams face significant hurdles.  The expansion draft is a joke.  Did OKC draft Durant?   You would say, YES, right?  Well Durant was drafted in Seattle.  That is my point -- they are the SAME FRANCHISE.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::omg we dont have any association with seattle stop it.. do you still refer to lakers to minn... hornets with charlotte..
thunderguy80::Idiot...learn 2 read ..I said expansion OR relocation.. now don't u feel like the idiot...
CBass1317::Faster, yes, but not more physical.  Guys like Durant, Martin, Parker and Ginobli make a living off the quick whistle.  The NBA has made a point to protect the offensive players and it has made the game decidedly less physical.  Parade to the free throw line instead.
YearOfTheSpur::If that helps you get sleep
thunderguy80::Manu and Leonard wouldn't have made much of a difference Jackson did a solid job of trying 2 shut down KD and Cano or whatever his name is made up for what Manu would have put up..not to mention it was Ibaka and Martin who killed the Spurs last night not Westbrook or KD even Collison had a good night off the boards.. if OKC gets through the next 10-12 games with only 2 losses then there can b no argument as 2 who is the team to beat to win the title this year
AustinBeal::I think there's more messages on here hating the Thunder and Spurs than there is on the actual game that took place.   Good game Thunder, i kinda wish S-Jax didn't get Ibaka all hot and bothered for the game but oh well.
Texicano10::spurs started 12 and 9 last season theyl be fine, and whens the last time a number 1 seed won the finals anyways
4 Petes Sake::Sure as sh.it wasnt last year, or the year before.  Especially in reference to the Spurs.  OKC has progressed further EVER YEAR AS A FRANCHISE.  The only logical outcome this year given they keep their focus and success going......is a ring.
mkwan0::Spurs way overachieved for their percieved talent level.  They will be fine.  I define fine as a top 4 team with a fighting chance at the title, really that is about all you can predict at this point in the season.  Thunder are fine as well.  These teams will meet again in the WCF's
wilcox1232::how good has kevin martin been, solid off the bench offense
CBass1317::Older and not as good as James Harden.  But he has played well.
Gordoc0303::better fit for thunder, but certainly not as good as harden
4 Petes Sake::Hey Barry Bonds GOAT,  on your hoping for OKC wins to taper off:  You can sh.it in one hand and hope in the other.......see which one fills up first.  That is all.
Barry Bonds GOAT::okc still has a bottom 5 SOS don't they?  things are about to even out. remember when they went from future NBA champs to 1-4 losers?  yeah, i do  let's see where they stand after this month-long road trip
oneofthemfat::Yea, next 15 of 21 are road games for OKC. Maybe coach will send his starters back to OKC for some rest LOL
4 Petes Sake::15 of next 21 games are on the road for OKC.  I think Barry Bonds GOAT is forgetting how solid OKC is on the road too.
CBass1317::Twisting stats?  Projecting a road winning percentage of .75 based on 8 games is the only twisting of stats that was done here.  We all know that will not be sustained.
ThunderCane8::3-1 in two of their 2-game road trips. Still 75%. And does it matter? A road game is a road game. This team has been focused. In case you missed our win streak that is currently in progress. But it should be clear by their demeanor right now.
nba is the worst::6-2 on the road in 1-gm or 2-gm road "trips"...
ThunderCane8::Thunder are 6-2 on the road. So, based on their 75% win pct on the road, we should come out 11-4. Keep twisting stats and trying to convince people the Spurs are superior to the Thunder, this year. Just acknowledge the fact that Thunder are a better team this year, than last year and we all know how that ended for the Spurs.
nba is the worst::Month-long road trip?  Their 1st over 3 games long is a month away...
octrackstar80::Jealous^
ThunderCane8::Mean while Spurs are losing to teams like Jazz and Portland. Heat losing to Wizards and Warriors. Clippers (who spurs haven't beat) losing to HORNETS, Warriors and Cavs. Lakers losing to everyone. OKC only losing to Hawks, Griz, Spurs (first game of season) and Celts. Come on, now.
ThunderCane8::Remember on Nov. 1st when Spurs fans were acting like their win was something huge but now a Thunder win in December "means nothing"? Strange how that works.
YearOfTheSpur::We won by 2pts WITHOUT MANU. Ha OKC keep forgetting to put that in
ThunderCane8::Their logic is as old, decrepit and played out as their precious Spurs. Almost.
The Thunder City::Well sure....and they won by 2 at the end. I think the Thunder topped that, and some.
ThunderCane8::In his defense, what is that based on? Other NBA teams or the Thunder? considering you only beat us by 2 with a buzzer beater in the 1st game for us of the year, I wouldn't put money on either team.
nba is the worst::We will see - your prediction has a below 50% chance of being correct
The Thunder City::You heard it here first. Thunder will beat the Spurs, when they meet again in April.
ThunderCane8::Maybe a bold statement, but I hope so. I think we are capable but it's something I'd rather wait and see before calling it early. I have faith, but I can also be reasonably honest.
The Thunder City::OKC will beat them on their own court next time. It just took a few games to get the chemistry flowing with Martin.
csallstar11::How does this game not get up to 5000 comments? Do the spurs not have fans?
ThunderUpUNCPokes::It would've have 5000+ if the Thunder had lost
springfresh3.1::They are either in a 4th period social studies class or on 2k13 seeking out anger
The Thunder City::Game difficulty: Rookie Quarter Length: 15 minutes Take out Thunder's starting 5
ThunderCane8::They all left last night in the 3rd qtr.
ThunderCane8::The only ones left are the ones here to bask in the glory of having 4 titles and "toughness and experience" on their side. Like that even matters.
The Thunder City::The reason why we have this many is because everybody hates OKC.
csallstar11::Ya probably...I'm only here because i wanted to get a feel for how the game went, see if my Nuggets have any chance tonight
goostate24::Bball season is back in full swing with football almost out of the way, and my two teams, OKstate and OKC, are a combined 29-5. OKC #1 in power rankings, and OKstate tied for 1st in the big 12. Can't argue with the results so far!
ThunderCane8::Only thing that's changed is OKC beating SA. How could that do anything other than help our cause in BOTH rankings? OKC # 1.
The Thunder City::I like your thoughts, but OKC is #2 in power rankings.
ThunderCane8::Oh well, Hollinger is gone, now. Stein is all that matters, anyways.
The Thunder City::Believe me. I would like nothing more than to see OKC #1 in both rankings. Hollinger's has been pissing me off lately. Spurs lost 2 games before they played us, and he still had them at #1 even though OKC has the best record, the longest winning streak, and #1 in scoring.
The Thunder City::I like Stein's, but his aren't updated.
ThunderCane8::Depends if you like Stein or Hollinger as your source. Stein has them #1. Hollinger SHOULD have them #1. They're beter than the Clips.
csallstar11::Thought OKC was the Thunder, until I saw pictures of lightning all over this board. Now i'm not so sure
The Thunder City::Oh you're so clever.
The Thunder City::Wow. Man, I'm speechless. Kudos to you sir.
csallstar11::All natural
The Thunder City::Yes. Where do you tan?
csallstar11::No it's all good my profile picture sometimes misleads people. They think, "How can someone with such a nice figure and complection not be married?"
The Thunder City::I know a Chris Bowen.
The Thunder City::Oh. My mistake.
csallstar11::I don't have a wife I'm a Nuggets fan girls stay away
The Thunder City::Still married?
csallstar11::Hah. Hah.
The Thunder City::How's your wife and kids?
The Thunder City::Hah.
csallstar11::Thanks :)
springfresh3.1::What follows after a lightning strike?
csallstar11::haha those were my next guesses
springfresh3.1::csallstar11 - Death?  -----  Duh....skittles and kittens
csallstar11::Death?
mkwan0::For the Spurs, they have to pick their poison sometimes.  With Westbrook and Durant commanding so much attention, if Serge Ibaka is going to beat you, you are going to lose.
mkwan0::Thunder are doing very well and are the best team in the league right now, no doubt.  But a game in December is not that big a deal.  OKC took care of business, but trash talking game number 24 ill befits fans of a team that have aspirations of going all the way.
springfresh3.1::Spurs fans talking trash before and after the game...sour grapes
springfresh3.1::Best or not in December, it gives you the heads up of what OKC is doing to prep themselves for the post season.  The way they are playing and clicking before the All Star break is what should make people nervous
The Thunder City::Who cares. Stop trying to be the negotiator. It's fun.
mkwan0::OK, well, you know you are fighting a battle you can't win, right?  In this game, rings trump everything.  Crowing about splitting the series in December against a team hard hit by injuries on the road...yeah, you can do the math.  Sometimes best to take the high road.  It is clear that OKC is currently the best.  It is equally clear that being the best in December means squat.
The Thunder City::You just got here. Spurs fans are in here today, and yesterday running their mouths. So that's what happening right now. Lets cry about it.
springfresh3.1::For the most part, Spurs fans have been decent but for some reason, this game brought out the worst in them
mkwan0::While I don't agree with them, most of them were likely responding to the idea that fans of a team that had never won a championship were calling 4 time champions nothing but regular season champs.  You can see how the cognitive dissonance involved there might cause some people to respond irrationally
The Thunder City::Get out.
mkwan0::odd response.
tommydilz::What's a Nando de Colo?
goostate24::NBA is the worst  You still enjoying Memphis' lead over OKC?
nba is the worst::1-0 head to head, right?
springfresh3.1::When did Spurs fans become such whiners...I thought reg season games didnt matter yet the crying over this game LOL
ThunderCane8::Well, all the finger pointing about how "easy" our schedule has been is a great attempt to troll. The fact is, the Thunder are 20-4, taking care of business. And we are all laughing at teams who are "contenders" yet losing to the Wizards, Rockets and other terrible teams. Don't point your finger at our schedule and cry because we are taking care of business. That's not our fault.
nba is the worst::Yet the fact remains the schedule HAS been easy - 1st 3 gm road trip about to commence
ThunderCane8::13 game win streak about to commence, as well.
mccoy3181::Congrats OKC you are the 24 game champs!!!!  lol  Yall havent won anything yet.
ThunderCane8::McCoy is a self-liker. No reason to feed this troll if all he's got is that his team has 4 titles and "toughness and experience" on their side. Please, remind us how that helps you this year? May have been good to have 10 years ago, but last season was proof, Thunder are the younger, better team. And all those things mean nothing, or else you guys would have been playing for #5 last year against the Heat. Too bad, so sad.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Lmao how did that past help last night and last season WCF. Oh yea it doesn't, keep living in the past loser. That's where all fans live when the present looks bad. Lmao cry some more McCoy.
goostate24::Okay I agree with that McCoy. I hate LA, and I hate Boston. I'm tired of hearing about their past while they suck now. Just like I hate how OU always resorts to their national championship 13 years ago like it happened yesterday. It drives me crazy haha.
goostate24::McCoy let me know when one single person ever gives a flying $@%! about what teams have done in the past compared to the present, then your argument may make a little bit of sense.
ThunderCane8::Oh gosh.. So their record is .521? My mistake..
nba is the worst::Celtics are 12-11
ThunderCane8::Yeah, let's tell them that. And let's remind them that they're not even .500 teams while we're at it.
mccoy3181::Tell Boston and LA that.
oschimp67::No he is just relishing on his past championships, that ok we will have ours soon enough, gt ready cuz its coming to OKC very soon
nba is the worst::Even the Lakers have had a 3-gm road trip by now - OKC won't be in 1st for long, once the road schedule kicks in
springfresh3.1::mccoy3181 - I brought it up because the spurs have the toughness and experience unlike OKC who barely has a history.  -----  They are and have been in the process of making history
ThunderCane8::Toughness and experience. Let me know how many rebounds, jumpers, fast breaks, free-throws, steals, assists and playoff wins that gets you THIS season. If we want to talk numbers, let's at lleast be fair and not go back 10 years. Let's discuss how far "toughness and experience" got you last year against the young Thunder team. Hmmm....
mccoy3181::I brought it up because the spurs have the toughness and experience unlike OKC who barely has a history.
ThunderCane8::You brought up your team having 4 championships on a board to discuss 2012-2013 accomplishments. How dumb can YOU be..??
mccoy3181::who cares about power rankings.  Its the standings that matter.  How dumb can you be?
The Thunder City::Look at the power rankings, son! Clippers.
mccoy3181::yes they are smart guy
The Thunder City::OKC isn't in 1st, son.
The Thunder City::Haha. You're so funny. You sound just like my niece.
mccoy3181::When your team has 4 championships then you can talk but until then you all are losers.
springfresh3.1::You mean like lastnight in the 2012'13 season, the Spurs were losers
ThunderCane8::-Must be a loser.
ThunderCane8::Smells like a loser.
The Thunder City::Sounds like a loser.
The Thunder City::The Spurs got outcoached, and outplayed. The end.
mccoy3181::The only reason OKC won is because they were at home.  Home court advantage is big when these teams play.  If it would have been in SA the spurs would have won.
The Thunder City::Yeah, and they beat the same team out of the WCF, when those key players were healthy.
oschimp67::just like we whooped that tail in Game 5 last year,  AAW that must hurt
nba is the worst::Good win, no question, despite the Spurs missing a couple of key players.  OKC is the early season champs.  1-1 vs Spurs.
The Thunder City::Man you're pathetic..ha.
mccoy3181::You always play better at home.
mccoy3181::its the truth. deal with it
The Thunder City::Very good. I was waiting on that excuse.
oschimp67::It is a little early to get excited but this is why we watch these games, because they mean something at the end of the year, Home court advantage in the playoffs is huge for OKC.  Durant is playing MVP basketball even better than last year, westbrook is becoming a point gaurd, Kevn Martin is a nice addition and Serge is coming in to his own.  Not to mention Collison and the bench.  11 wins in a row is remarkable, no matter if the schedule is soft or not.   No one is playing better than the Thunder Right now.   Just hope we are rolling like this when the playoffs come.   THUNDER UP BABY
lspat1980::Westbrook isn't exactly shooting well, but the fact that he has been a much better 'Facilitator' this Year is a huge reason OKC is looking even better than last Year. Keep it up, OKC. THUNDER UP!!
CAB180::I bet the Thunder are really regretting the Harden trade. If they had ponied up the $16M a season plus the luxury tax, they might be 22-2 right now instead of 20-4.
oschimp67::Lets see KMART Jeremy Lamb and 3 draft picks for someone who was a no show in the finals, i think this 11 game winning streak and the offense hitting all cylinders right kind of makes me forget about him all together he can choke on his 80 million and stay with the Rockets where he will never win a championship.   Oh but wait he needs his validation as a super star .   Good for him.   better for us
Maniacpkt::to some extent, i'd say they do, but martin is a much more efficient scorer and less turn over prone.  I think it worked out for the best of both parties
The Thunder City::Haha..this guy ^
ThunderCane8::Thunder-Knicks in 2013 NBA Finals. No question.
cowboyinorange87::yeah best record in the league,  we are really crying our eyes out.
The Thunder City::I was thinking that, but they got schooled last night.
The Thunder City::...by a mediocre team.
