Lebron James Biological Father::i did it<sup>t<sup>t<sup>t<sup>t</sup></sup></sup></sup>
Lebron James Biological Father::hello<sup>o<sup>o<sup>o<sup>o<sup></sup></sup></sup></sup></sup>
Ameero80::Knicks can't beat the bobcats?? good luck with the Celtics
The Bobcats Will Contend One Day::The Celtics were blown out by the Bobcats without resting basically their whole team. New York is going to drub them this year.
mark3610::Melo averaging 2.6 assist
3rdWP::Copeland should take Novak's spot in the playoff...Novak was shot down in last year's playoff and teams are going to take the same approach this year (simply force him of the 3 point line that makes him COMPLETELY useless!!!!)
UMiami1994::6 shots in 5 games and zero points. thats called playoff D!!!
This_Guy1::ayyy BEASTCATS went HAM!  #FutureNBAChampions
papuchi24::News flash we don't have to resort to anything you arrogant New York fans.  We have back to back Eastern Conference Championship and are defending champions.  We really don't have to say anything but good luck to the rest of the east.  The Miami Heat are an elite and proven team.  Once you guys proof  that you can win atleast 2 playoff games and can actually get by boston. Then talk about the second round, please stop talking about advancing to the ECF.  Only two teams can say that in the East  boston and the heat. Go heat!!!
This_Guy1::No one is scared of the Heat tbh.
knicks_112ndcoming::we as knicks fans know u peepz are concerned.   let us see in 2 weeks
UMiami1994::knicks_112ndcoming - yea because we arent really scared tbh.   Lebron is no Jordan. Wade can be shut down and bosh will not be effective chandler guarding him. we just gotta take it one game at a time  thats all. if we make ECF  you funny bosh just pulls chandler out of the paint and if he dont go guard him bosh will hit that 17 footer all day long and when hes out there hes like a fish out of water
knicks_112ndcoming::i cud care less bout the heat. Lebron is the most dominant player in like 10 years so hes their heart and soul shut him down we can get a series.
Timmys Crossover136::Not even trying to troll or hate. But claiming you are not concerned whatsover about the best team in the nba is a joke. You may feel that way, but knick fans heads would explode if the heat were upset in the first two rounds.
knicks_112ndcoming::yea because we arent really scared tbh.   Lebron is no Jordan. Wade can be shut down and bosh will not be effective chandler guarding him. we just gotta take it one game at a time  thats all. if we make ECF
Timmys Crossover136::Are you saying knick fans are completely disregarding the heat? Not even you beleive that.
69durango::No KNUGGETS tonight...Camby, Felton, Melo, JR, KMart....no Chandler.  These six plus Kidd, Wallace and Copeland should be the playoff rotation.  Shumpert will probably play instead of Camby.  Prigioni will go if Kidd gets tired.
srqlegend1::heat fans are too scared to face simple facts and logic  that's why they resort to the "knicks can't beat the bobcats" and selectively forget that we didn't even play half of our team
srqlegend1::the knicks were missing the 6th man of the year and at least 1-2 other players that would normally be on our bench
Dengue-Fever::Big difference rosebud...Heat bench been ripping starters from others teams..just saying..
Dengue-Fever::Hey Knick fans..Knicks bench can't beat a garbage Bobcats team??..good luck in the first round..
Tornadoos::How about reading the article before you post...
Dengue-Fever::What for???..you guys rested the whole starting lineup...right??..I thought so..so hush rosebud
tungcn2010::Copeland &gt; Anthony
onlyavoice57::LMAO,  Before The Game Every Knicks Fan Was Calling Sheed The Savior (Boston DID NOT Want Him Back) Then After His 3 Minutes Every Knicks Fan Jumped Into The Excuses Box.
Donnie Walsh::Excuse me!  Not every Knicks fan !!!
FrequentFlyyerr::Copeland had 32? I can't wait until the playoffs the Knicks is lookin nice
Donnie Walsh::Playoffs are a different animal so.....
jtru001::You know the Bobcats are on to something with Walker and Kidd-Gilchrist....if they could put a solid front court together they could be a decent team.
jkub5::them and the cavs got 1st round picks for years in result of sucking for years
The Bobcats Will Contend One Day::Knicks' last playoff drought lasted a lot longer than ours clown.
smokingstogies305::Never double Melo. Never leave the 3 point shooters. Let Melo go off. He'll drop 50 and the Knicks will still lose. Once Melo's shot stops falling late in the game (his cardio is not world class), the rest of the players will be out of rythm and will not come through. Watch it all unfold.
Is That All You Know::Felton and Jr is all and not to mention he won't have to log heavy minutes until ECF.
diehardnr1::lol @ the box score lineups....Melo seems to have disappeared for this game....get used to it in the playoffs NY fans...
SteelerKnickGamecock::I was there.  Melo, Smith, Jones, Chandler and Martin weren't even in the building.  Felton was there...
ottomanempire44::He Didn'tPlay moron
diehardnr1::wow...so why was JR listed and not Melo??????????????????????  How can you guys keep missing the obvious omission of Melos name (a mistake by ESPN I am sure) and then make posts that disprove themselves???  smh  Besides, even if the first part of my original post is beyond your grasp...the last part will become painfully obvious for you in the playoffs.  Teams shut down Melo and JR chokes....seen it time and time again... but hey...GL and all
agoods03::diehardnr1 - DUH...neither did JR and a few other players...BUT they WERE listed as DNP Coaches Decision...or DNP Twisted Ankle  My point was that Melos name is not there...period....something you might have noticed if you had actually looked at the box score line-ups before commenting...  Moron...  Wow, you're truly an idiot.  Melo and JR didn't even travel to the game.  They were resting.
diehardnr1::DUH...neither did JR and a few other players...BUT they WERE listed as DNP Coaches Decision...or DNP Twisted Ankle  My point was that Melos name is not there...period....something you might have noticed if you had actually looked at the box score line-ups before commenting...  Moron...
dwade grater den jordan 18.0::ny sux so bad still  just my 2 sense, bunch of pretendiers
Snitchy Cent::alot of stupid trolls on here tonight.
dwade grater den jordan 17.0::lol @ NY NIX such pretendiers  just my 2 sense tho
Snitchy Cent::says a delusional heat fan with a joke of a username.
TlM TEB0W::Chris Copeland's play was very exciting.
Bama Proves Cupcakes Are Good For You::If your bench players can't beat the Bobcats, you need a new bench! :)
Edudlufetips3::copeland looking to get PAID wherever he goes after his current deal is up.
pdiddy0622::Melo, Chandler, and Kidd walk into a bar to see the EC Finals....
nmpats4ever::The East has generally been on a giant siesta for weeks now. The playoffs are going to be interesting, in terms of seeing which teams can just switch  into another gear.
cnat723::The stupidity of people that come here to post is through the roof. People actually came on here to make fun of the Knicks bench for losing to the Bobcats. Wow, just, wow.
jrtall3n7::Nets bench beat the Wizards
pdiddy0622::knicks are garbage tho
01.02.2013::No Knicks headline on ESPN's front page when they lose to BOBCATS?
onlyavoice57::It Shows That The Surrounding Cast Is Garbage.
cnat723::Bit of Advice: Always check the box score before you run your mouth, toolbag
Memberofthe252::This is not really much of a loss when they intentionally rested Carmelo, J.R., and Felton.  Knicks have nothing to play for til the playoffs.
ESPN ONLY BANS MIAMI FANS AND IT TRULY DOES PAIN MY HEART::The HEat are so worried about the Knicks.... SYKE!!!!!!! BOSTON IN 5
cnat723::Based off tonight's loss to the Bobcats? Yea OK, buddy, cuz that's how you judge it.
Christopher2833::I wonder if the NBA will fine the Knicks for resting their best players? They won't, because this game was not on national TV
cnat723::Only player the rested that wasn't hurt was JR. Melo got hit on the shoulder night before and Felton landed awkwardly on his leg late weekend, so even if it was on national TV I doubt there would have been a fine.
Mambaholic 33::Lol, So much for competitive…down 13 after first qtr and 17 going into 4th, then again it was the Bobcats we know how tough they can be at home.
thejunkinmytrunk::and again it was against the bobcats. The league recommends teams to rest all players versus bobcats to make games competitive.
Memberofthe252::If it involves the Bobcats, then it's obviously not going to be on national tv.
wil em i::Knicks B team ain't good
Quinn2012NY::Uhhhhm! The meaning of this game?! Duhhh! Absolutely Sh*tless for the Knicks!
garnolfini::Heat fans fear is palpable.
ewwthatsmell123::I know that this would be very embarrassing to me if I was a Knicks fan, oh you didnt need this one, sounds like your team has a lot of heart...
cnat723::Not really embarrassing when your "bigs" are Steve Novak and Chris Copeland. Not really embarrassing when it's your bench v. their starters. Not really embarrassing when the guy that never plays (James White) gets 40 minutes. And you're going to talk about heart when the game was absolutely pointless and bench players played? C'mon man, pathetic.
Ontario925::Most ESPN Heat smacktalking troll bandwagon frontrunner fans now are former Lakers fans until 2010. Before that they were Spurs fans. Before that they were Lakers fans when Shaq and Kobe won the 3 Peat together.
david- Robinson_50::heat lost in 2010. So why would they be fans since then? oh you meant you just starting watching basketball that year
alexisejr10::most knick fans werent alive when they won a ring
Butterbean World Champ::so there are no knick fans over 40?
an ice cream man named cone::before that they were in 1st grade.
Ontario925::Their parents were probably in 1st grade when I was going to college,hahahaha.
knicks.are.terrible::Can't wait to watch miami poop all over the east in the next month.
Rockstarkid12::cant wait to end ya hopes
an ice cream man named cone::melo 67 gp  1489 fga  1920 pts  425 ftm  kd     80 gp 1417 fga  2251 pts  673 ftm  would be a shame if melo got the scoring title
2524thomas::put another scoop on it slappy..
kvanderpool2::Gerald Henderson would be a killer guy on a contending team off the bench.. thinking a team like Chicago.  Too bad he doesnt get any exposure at all.
Ontario925::@NBAMASTERMIND.....Is that you again Kevin Garnett?   Melo isn't going to fall for your Honey N Nuts head games crap again.
knicks.are.terrible::The Knicks are terrible.
Ontario925::No. I'm just not feeding you anymore trollface.
knicks.are.terrible::I heard tea tree oil is a good remedy for butt hurt syndrome.
Ontario925::You are terrible troll.  At least try to create an original intelligent ESPN profile name kid other than this one on April 3rd,2013.
knicks.are.terrible::u mad?
Ontario925::Yes this happens in the NBA. Any NBA team is still capable of beating any other NBA team. The Wizards defeated the Heat this season. The Bobcats and Cavaliers defeated the Celtics this season. The Spurs also got beaten by a very low seeded Eastern Conference team this season.
cnat723::You realize Knicks only player 1 starter tonight, right? They lost because they didn't give a  $@%!.
Memberofthe252::Who?  The Pistons?
Shareef1987::Miami will go 12-4 in this years eastern conference playoffs.
Robertc-100::Go ahead and say it, Heat fans, Celtics fans, Pacers fans, Bulls fans. The Knicks got beat by the Bobcats.
Haterz_R_Hilari0us::I was looking at this game at work and laughing, this game meant nothing to us, we would've demolished the Bobcats if this was a game we needed, so everyone sat out. Pretty much I like the way our guys battled they just couldn't get any stops on the other end of the court!! I think Woodosn might start the same guys home against the Hawks, again another meaningless game, but he might let some of the guys get some burn to stay fresh!! You guys are hilarious trolling a lost when this game meant nothing!! LMAOO
Ontario925::A lot are not even real team fans. Many are a bunch of inbreed trailor park like hicks who just have no life but to hate NY.
The_JTrain_3000::as if anyone on the knicks gives two $@%!$
The_JTrain_3000::I realize.  I'm just agreeing with you
Robertc-100::I'm a Knicks fan.
Mikeferrari23...::Even if they rested everyone that's pathetic   Miamis bench beat the spurs and now has them on a 6 game winning streak  How the hell will the Knicks beat Miami 4 times in a 7 game series ? Wrong conference wrong decade I guess
NBAMASTERMIND::Melo is not Wilt the Chamb he will not avg 50 points a game in the playoffs. I think they need more options to step up.
NBAMASTERMIND::Give me stats @s* juice the man shot 7-27 against the Bulls my point is WHEN YOUR SHOTS AREN'T FALLING WHO WILL SCORE?
NBAMASTERMIND::JR played when they played the BULLS an*s wipe.
The_JTrain_3000::so?  DId he play when the Knicks $@%!$@% dominated the Heat this season?  How about the Celtics?  The Pacers?  You should off yourself now
Robertc-100::Mikeferrari23... - Even if they rested everyone that's pathetic   Miamis bench beat the spurs and now has them on a 6 game winning streak  How the hell will the Knicks beat Miami 4 times in a 7 game series ? Wrong conference wrong decade I guess  The Lakers beat the spurs too.
Robertc-100::The Lakers beat the Spurs too.
NBAMASTERMIND::That your bench can't beat a under .500 team.
The_JTrain_3000::again, you idiot, JR is the best bench player in the NBA and didn't play.
Flash Barrett::And that means wat when they won't be playin in the playoffs?
Ontario925::The regular season is over for the Knicks now. The remaining games are as worthless as preseason games now for them.
Flash Barrett::Wat does the Knicks benchwarmers losing to the Bobcats have to do with the Knicks beating the Heat when Melo, Felton, JR, Tyson, Kenyon, and possibly Sheed and Amare playing?
NBAMASTERMIND::The Knicks peeked to soon IT'S OVER!!
The_JTrain_3000::Melo has one of the best post games in the NBA and thats a fact.
NBAMASTERMIND::I'm afraid of what the Knicks COULD be? If they actually had an inside presence.
Ontario925::Why do you care so much troll?
Flash Barrett::So that means the Heat peaked too soon to then rite?
The_JTrain_3000::ACtually bosh played that game.  If JR was in this game we would have won
garnolfini::Knicks destroyed Miami, in Miami, without Melo already.
Robertc-100::Flash Barrett - Mikeferrari23... - And Miami destroyed the Knicks in MSG when the Knicks were all hyped up to end miamis streak  Sorry 3s won't be dropping in the playoffs  Destroyed? Heat won by like 6 The streak was over by then ended by Chicago.
The_JTrain_3000::the bulls ended the streak you dumb $@%!.  Not to mention, the knicks are 3-1 vs Miami. Also, threes don't just magically stop falling in the playoffs.  The knicks just crushed the 09 Magic's record for most threes in a season.  That team made it to the finals.    Go study up on the game
Flash Barrett::Mikeferrari23... - And Miami destroyed the Knicks in MSG when the Knicks were all hyped up to end miamis streak  Sorry 3s won't be dropping in the playoffs  Destroyed? Heat won by like 6
Mikeferrari23...::And Miami destroyed the Knicks in MSG when the Knicks were all hyped up to end miamis streak  Sorry 3s won't be dropping in the playoffs
dwightmare 2 the sequel::How do the knicks lose to bobcats? Number two seed my @ss
Ontario925::@dwightmare 2 the sequel The game is treated like a meaningless preseason game for the Knicks now. That's how kid.
NBAMASTERMIND::Lol Knicks are fools GOLD.
garnolfini::They rested everyone, dumb**se
The_JTrain_3000::well you clearly weren't aware
dwightmare 2 the sequel::Thank you for informing me....
garnolfini::It's raining fear and doubt in Miami.
JAMESGOAT::??????
NBAMASTERMIND::BOBCATS?? REALLY?
NBAMASTERMIND::Well you fool he is the second option on the team for scoring so if he doesn't make points your team is irrelevant
The_JTrain_3000::what are you talking about?  JR does more than score.... that's why he is the sixth man of the year.  BTW...the knicks are 3rd in offensive efficiency so they CLEARLY don't have trouble scoring.  God you're dumb
NBAMASTERMIND::They was stupid playing the Wizards up 2 games ahead of the Pacers and Martin got hurt.
The_JTrain_3000::we didn't have the second seed locked.  Anything can happen.  We wanted home court for the first two rounds.  Martin will be fine
NBAMASTERMIND::Why do knicks fans always result to sheed Wallace like he would be a factor in the finals? He was out almost all season with a hanging toe nail or foot fungus.
The_JTrain_3000::he's the clear cut sixth man of the year you fool
NBAMASTERMIND::The_JTrain_3000 - JR smith is the best bench player in the NBA and he didn't play you $@%!$@% idiot  Lol he is decent.
Ontario925::The Knicks are not going to move higher or lower than where they are now whether they win the remaining games they have left or lose them. Why be stupid and put their top players out in the games that are meaningless to them now to risk getting them injured? Come on man you got to be smarter.
The_JTrain_3000::JR smith is the best bench player in the NBA and he didn't play you $@%!$@% idiot
Shamed_Shaun::what do they have to play for? they already locked in the 2 seed and they were missing Jr smith, camby and martin aka their bench besides copeland
NBAMASTERMIND::So why was they playing hard against the Wizards when they were up 3 games?
Ontario925::Yes the Knicks rested their top players. The remaining games now are like Preseason games to the Knicks but that is not taking anything away from the Bobcats victory. The Bobcats have proven they can beat very good NBA teams this year like the Celtics and others. They are a better team than what their record shows.
NBAMASTERMIND::But the strength of the Knicks bench is HORRIBLE!!
NBAMASTERMIND::LOL shows that they don't have a bench. Celtics will give Knicks a run for they money.
knicks_112ndcoming::why not? bobcats are a NBA team  nothing wrong with that
sworthin117::a tanking NBA team.  As opposed to NY who has a lot to play for
sworthin117::The best of the best
