Andrew Wolf::Things that look bad now: (1) Adelman's inability to use Shabbazz and D. Williams (2) Love's inability to get along with teammates or vice-versa (3) The T-Wolves in general
Jesse Huber::The Wolves have bad luck. The Wolves were projected to pick # 2 or # 3 in a few drafts and ended up with like # 8 or # 10. In other cases, the Wolves could have drafted a great player, but they drafted a bust. An example of this is Steph Curry/Johnny Flynn/Ricky Rubio. Bad luck happens to every team, but the teams that make good decisions consistently can avoid being destroyed by unlucky moments. The Wolves make bad choices routinely, so when bad luck hits, it destroys them and they win 25-30 games for 7 years. You can change the GM, the coaches, the players... but the owner is the man (or woman) at the top of the pecking order. If that owner can't hire the appropriate people to run the team, then you can count on losing a lot. This is 100% on Glen Taylor. He's incompetent. I have no idea how he became so successful in the business world, because there's no way his businesses are run as poorly as the Wolves organization has been from day 1.
Tony Hartmann::Jesse Huber well said
Brian Johnson::D Will wasn't the problem, Adelman as good as he has been failed miserably at adapting to a kid with tons of athleticism because he (Adelman) refused to change.  Everyone for the most part was a spot up shooter, even Martin, though he could create vs weaker defenders.  How was D Will suppose to bring any energy into a game when all they had him do was stand in the corner , never used him posting up, driving the lane,  pick-n-roll.  And when he did stand in the corner never went to the boards on a shot was told to rotate back.  Terrible coaching job by Adelman with him, for all the good things the Wolves ability to get the draft right has never been one of them.  Remember trading Ray Allen away?  The 2 best draft picks from the past are arguably.....of course KG and the other.... I would have to say possibly Pooh Richardson.  It sure wasn't Wes Johnson or Christian Laettner.  Actually one of their best draft picks might have been Tony Campbell or Tyrone Corbin when they came into being.
Andy P Kordyban::Easy win for the world class Toronto Raptors.
Sonny Blaze::Raptors are a better team than Twolves and may be 3rd best team in the East.  Easy win for Raptors
Eric Filapello::No. Just no.
Jesse Huber::If the Raptors can just keep it close, they'll win the game. Toronto won't blow out the Wolves, but the Wolves are 0-11 in games decided by 4 points or less. Ricky Rubio is incapable of keeping himself together like an adult during the final minutes of tight games. In fact, defenders no longer need to guard Rubio from shooting because he's petrified of shooting in clutch situations.
Denis Bazinet::No...Boston is an easy and WTH happened?  Minny is a high powered offense inside and out and we better not get creamed on the glass again.  We need to attack inside and get after em on D.   They are also 0-8 (as of Monday) when they DON'T score 100 points.  Gotta keep em under 25 per quarter...period.
Wayne Bartunek::Well, Wolves fans, Better get used to this team losing every game because when love leaves next year they will be back to a 10-15 win season, which isn't going to be a whole lot different than what this season is turning out to be. Maybe they should watch the Lynx play and they would learn how to play team basketball!
Andy Rotering::go lynx!
Brian Johnson::JJ the turnover machine and choke artist... He shoots long , he barely gets rim and he turns it over again and sucks on D.  Hey Adelman the problem wasn't D-Will it was Barea maybe you are starting to see that.  Your 2nd team/bench is all based on Barea.... How sad your team is being ruined by a MUNCHKIN
Elijah Rochford::He had 1 TO...
Brian Johnson::At a critical moment.  He turns the ball over and shoots way too much.  1 game don't make a season, look at his shots and TO to assist ratio per 48.  He is a gunner period!!!  They have shooters like Budinger he should be trying to get shots for NOT HIMSELF.  Liability on Defense, K LOVE clearly doesn't care for his drive into the lanes and get caught trying to pass around seven footers.  HE FLAT OUT SUCKS, every time he makes a turnover you can bank on it that he shoots the next time down the court.  The offense becomes stagnant and at a stand still with all his dribbling GOODBYE GOOD RIDANCE ......the Twolves have enough 1 dimensional players on offense that's why they don't stop piss poor teams from scoring....he's part of the problem and not any part of the solution
Luis Alfonzo Chacin::the timberwolves will never be a top team unless Rubio improves his offense and learns how to shoot
Andy P Kordyban::Toronto Raptors are the BEST TEAM IN THE NBA! There is NO question about it.
Jared Keen::Why the hell didnt JJ foul him. Under 30 seconds, 4 point game and doesnt foul. This is why Adelman needs to play rubio in the last quarter, he doesnt need to score, but he wont throw up stupid buckets and knows to foul unlike JJ
Kyle Koliha::Rubio is worthless... Absolutely worthless.... I'm SO glad he was our lottery pick ahead of Curry! This team is going down the drain, and when Love leaves next year it'll only get worse.
Shawn Davis::Finally, a Wolves fan who sees the light about Rubio. David Kahn, gave you that gift. Rubio, is a back up at best.  People talking about her needs to improve his shooting. He has been a pro, since he was 16, this is the best it's going to get.
Jarrod Mauren::Does anyone else think it looks like Love doesn't trust his teammates and his teammates don't trust him?? I saw someone tweet that and realized it really does seem that way... no chemistry right now
Jeremy Newsom::Why does he play Barea so much?  He is trash.
Jarrod Mauren::Jeremy Newsom certainly isn't helping... PLAY SHABAZZ
Jeremy Newsom::Jarrod Mauren do you have a link? I guess he benched Love?
Syd Mohsin::Raptors hard to beat at home and they have good home crowd i don't see the wolves winning in Toronto
Clay Schwartzwalter::Predicting Wolves lose Love after end of this year. This is so frustrating.
Andrew Valevicius::Chuck Hayes is so bad
Mike Barsamian::I have been saying (since last season) the coach needs to go. How can you not coach up the #2 overall pick in the draft (D. Will)??? Then when you refuse to get the most out of him you trade him for nothing... Wolves have zero bench, trade their best bench player for nothing. If you check the box scores there are nights when D. Will outscores the entire Wolves bench. Thats on tricky Ricky & Flip. It is so bad right not that I laugh at these bums when they lose. Last year when the rickster was out for ~15 games D. Will was starting and averaging 19 pts a game... Thats on the rickster. Where has the rickster ever won a championship? He is a .500 coach. T-Wolves fans deserve better and should demand better!! Stop supporting these bums until they earn our support. Love is not a leader. He will never win a championship until he is 2nd fiddle. Love can not get his own shot at crunch time. No heart on this team. No toughness on his team. I do not believe for a second that the lottery is on the up & up, the Wolves in their history have never had the #1 pick in the draft. They have never, ever even moved up 1 spot in the lottery. If they did they would find a way to f that up. The NBA is fixed, but the reason the Wolves do so poorly year after year is a combination of horrible management, coaching. The NBA knows who will win before the game starts. My rant for the week is now complete. :)
Matthew Adam Lee::Anyone who thinks the raptors are winning this game knows nothing about basketball. The wolves are clear cut losing this game.I don't know how do you get a team to go 0-7 to begin a quarter and not capitalize.
Derek Mustachi::Man Patterson & Salmons have been incredible additions, besides Lowry & DeRozan they've been the main reasons for our 14-5 record since the trade. Love Patterson's game!
Nate Stein::Love has 30+ pounds on Johnson, and Valanciunas will look like a twig standing next to Pek. Wolves just need to pound the ball inside tonight. We will own the paint, and we will win the rebounding battle
Harold Nations::yep, they out rebounded them, by 1.
Tony Hartmann::The Wolves need to do everything they can to keep Love. Without him to build the franchise around they will again be the laughing stock of the NBA.
Harold Nations::When are people going to give up on the Twolves?  they're just not very good, don't play well together, and their coach has always been over-rated.
Brian Johnson::Enjoyed the glare by Love at Barea on the turnover when he tried to pass it in to Love.  Clearly K-Love has no love for Barea.  JJ your days are numbered
David Andaya Palafox::K. Love hasn't been playing well. Even if he did played all out like he's been doing in the past, they still won't make the playoffs.
Erick Johnson::Rubio is nothing better than a backup point guard.  Disgustingly useless for winning games.
Harold Nations::that's pretty close to true.  He's a good passer and gets a lot of steals, but I'm not sure he's really a starting pg in the nba.  his numbers in the quite good Spanish league should have been a hint.  did folks really think he was going to be that much BETTER in the nba?
Mike Kavanaugh::You guys must be on a tape delay, Minnesota won this game 92-91 about 5 minutes ago
John Wolf::What happened to Robbie Hummel?  He is not on the starter or bench list.  Is he hurt!
Brad Bauman::The Wolves need to get going and it starts tonight. LETS GO WOLVES!!!!!
