William Cutting::DWIGHT HOWARD TRIPLE DOUBLE  15 points, 14 rebounds, 11 bricked free throws  LMFAO!
Alec Gonzalez::Rolf
Markus Greenidge::Omg. I just choked on my coffee lol!
Ken Li::Hahaha
Scott Baker::It took a long time but I am glad to finally see Dwight help the Lakers win a game with his free throws.
Gemmol Lodovicus::lmaoooooooooooooooooo
Amir Shirazi::Scott best post hands down hahahaha
Jonathan Looney::F*ck Dwight. Only way he can beat the Lakers is to play FOR them.
Hiep Huynh::Wasnt all his fault. McHale should not have left him in the game knowing that they will pull that.
Tony Miller::He did put one in for the Lakers
Cj Vanginkel::Giang Huynh and who do they put in his place? asik who is a worse shooter then d12? a small so pau can start to go off? who?
William Cutting::Howard fled LA to get out of Shaq, Kareem, Wilt's shadow because he couldn't handle the pressure.  Now he's in Houston playing under Hakeem's shadow.  And he's still folding under the pressure lol
Kenny Le::dude has always fold under pressure
Darryl Hoytt::I think Elden Campbell's legacy was the tipping point.
Anthony Martinez::it's not that he couldn't handle the pressure in LA, he didn't want to come to LA in the first place.
Vito Gutierrez::Rockets fans have fun with this broken down heartless baby
Lap Le::Started Beverly over lin? Really Mchale? Lin win 4-1 for u now u bench him? Really really Fk u mchale
Denzel Boksingero::McHale's coaching decision was mainly driven to justify his absurd decision to make Beverley as the starter and Lin as the back-up PG. Lin was the most efficient player in this game, yet McHale did not put him early on in the 4th quarter, choosing instead to use Beverley who was shooting 1-9. This game showed that McHale's decision to bench Lin is ridiculous (where's Beverley's elite defense here?). For the Rockets to contend, they must learn to recognize the strengths of their other players.
Juan Lopez::Lin needs the ball like Harden does. Problem with both on the court is there is only 1 ball. Lin is better off the bench as he can come in with the 2nd unit and supply the offense. He does not need to start as long as he gets more minutes and is on the court at the end.
Justin Jenkins::This game will be a nailbiter  Lakers 135 Rockets 23 (Dwight Coward Quits and Signs with another team at halftime)
Scott Carter::and Ill be flying to Mars tomorrow on my pink turtle with R2D2 and Bigfoot
Ryan Cook::Lakers have a losing record right? Lol ok, just making sure.... straight trash! Just like its spoiled fans that are cry babies. Grow up
Nathaniel Allison::Houston not much better with all their players laughable!
Denzel Boksingero::Sampson to McHale: Coach, I'm concerned. Jeremy has 8 points and 3 assists now. Do you think it's time to bench him now?
Uy G. Nguyen::and 2 steals, they did bench him when they where within 10, brought in garcia, even the look of Jlin at the game " what the heck on his expression before bench. where the flow of the game stopped, and down by 7, and 2 minutes later decided to brought Lin back and game  back in the flow..and kept Bev as well..not sure what these coaching staff are smoking..
Steven Christian Shaw::50 free throws AND you Lost? Wtf!! lol
Dirk Hayes::5 of 16 from Dwight is TRULY impressive.
Jason Martin::8 against 5 and the rockets still lose, that's impressive. 50 free throws? Thought this was a man's game not trying to decide the game from the free throw line by throwing your body into someone but whatever...
Bmonster McCarthy::Jason Wallace Martin The flakers will do whatever they have to in order to eek out a win. Their hypocrite coach whined last year that "Hack-a-Howard" was "bad for the game", but it goes to show something about his character and his questionable honesty that he did just what he said was bad for the game.
Ryan Richards::Dwight actually helped the Lakers win for once. Thanks Dwight
Thea Paps::I usually root against the Lakers, but that was a beautiful moment. Suck it, Dwight!
Lon Luna::Houston, you have a problem......it's called Dwight Howard's Free Throws.
Rusty Ray Russell::Coach Mike D made Howard look like a fool....and his inability to knock down FT's cost the Rockets the game...nothing says Max Contract like having to most likely hit the pine late in the game so the other team cant force you to shoot FTs you cant make.
Wally Rouzer::lakers you have a problem 6 games in you lost 2 of them by 25# points time to get rid of dumbtoni
Scott Lent::Wally Rouzer Its a rebuilding year for the Lakers, no way does my home team expect to win a championship this year.  The Rockets however expect to contend and good luck with Dwightmare.  He has no offensive post moves and bricks from the line.  Someone already said it best "first game the Lakers won because of Dwight Howards free throw shooting."
Darryl Hoytt::Shaq cannot wait to jump on Dwight about his game!
Tony Miller::He didn't wait. Did you listen to the halftime analysis?
Kenny Le::Howard playing second fiddle to "poor man Kobe" James Harder...the dude who choked big time in the Finals.
Swaneel Kalsi::What happened to all those people saying that the a Rockets would win by 50 or 60. Pretty quiet now. Hmmmm!
William Cutting::They're a couple of retarded Trolltards that literally live to hate the Lakers.
Wally Rouzer::they still have better record than lakers
Blake W Calhoun::Wally Rouzer That's literally how far your expectations for Houston have already fallen??? From "CHAMPIONSHIP" to comparing yourself to a hastily put together team in a rebuilding year who is also playing without their best player?? You must have Dwight-itis...a disease characterized by fading expectations, and an increase in excuses and justifications
Myung Yu::get use to it Houston... Hack a Howard for the next 4 years
Denzel Boksingero::Lin has much better stats than Steve Nash and even the returning Derrick Rose this season, but he's being made as a back-up of Patrick Beverley. Anyways, I hope McHale is serious in making Lin as the 6th man so he can be more productive and contribute better to the team. However, as it stands, Lin is being packaged as a back-up of Patrick Beverley nowadays despite the obvious improvements in his game.
Kevin Byrd::It doesn't matter who starts. He is getting 'starter' minutes.
Denzel Boksingero::Kevin Byrd, if Lin plays well let him play  more minutes. i just hope he gets the beverley treatment: when he plays well, he should play more. if any starter sucks, bench him. the rockets are too deep in talent, to live and die with one star player. the most important thing is winning.
Ares Gary::I agree with your point if Lin and Nash are same age!
Denzel Boksingero::With Beverley's stat in this game (1-9 shooting, 4 fouls), there is no way he'll be playing a minute in the 4th quarter if he was Jeremy Lin. And most especially if the back-up is the Rockets' most efficient player of the team so far.
Doug Berg::Ha ha....howard already talking trash to Lin...good luck with that Houston...
Rusty Ray Russell::He didn't get his touches, of course he is mad...Nobody can goto D12 late because he has no post game outside of dunks and put backs...and he cant be trusted to knock down throws..Harden throws it to him....so he could miss his one post move the sweeping hook...or get stripped of the rock...maybe get bailed out with a foul call and head to the stripe and miss em both...
Junior Ozzy::Howard; I'll go play for Houston so Harden can take 24 shots instead of Kobe
Kyle Miller::This game will be much closer than people expect.  Lakers: 43  Rockets: 157
Tray Day::worst jokes ever. quit copying other people.
Nick Mullinix::Well, don't you look like a fool now?
Alex Graham::Check the scoreboard
Jake Wiborg::Where can I get the poster of Dwight getting the game-winner drained in his eyeball?
Gabriel Juarez::Lakers- 2 Title "contenders" (Clippers, Rockets)- 0
Norber Montalbán Carmona::You conveniently left out Spurs and Warriors. But still it's a pretty good run this far, and without Kobe.
Gabriel Juarez::The Spurs are not a contender. They're done and have been for close to 5 years now. The Warriors are one rung below the Rockets and Clippers.
Nicholas Sgherzi::Gabriel Juarez Who swept the Lakers in the first round this year? Oh yeah that's right...
Ravi Mahalingam::It seems that Lin should shoot more.  He is one of the highest percentage shooters on the team but gets less than 10 shots per game.  He should put up 14 shots per game.
Jimmy Schaaffer::It's because he takes pretty much high % / open shots, which are not that common for his game, thus low amount of shots. Houston is playing fine, just needs to find its groove.
Jay Zhao::Jimmy Schaaffer so youre saying hardens taking good shot selection?
Jason McDermott::D12 just missed another free throw
