MichaelJordanGreatness::Edelstop, you're a Robert Horry fan. Please do not talk about MJ greatness when you're not a MJ fan. plz get out.
DanielFury::Guys Edelstop is a Robert Horry fan. Now he's a MJ fan? GTFO NOOB.
alienboy51::Hey, so what.  I'm a Kobe hater.  What's wrong with that?  This is America.  Get used to it.
Bill Lloyd::Kobe lowerd his shoulder into Rubio. Now Rubio has a torn ACL
phx090::Kobe could have easily shot 50% last night. If u haters would have watched the game, u would have seem miss 2 buzzer beaters, and a half court buzzer to end the 3rd. They still count, buy ehhh.
49erProudFan1980::he ended 11-26...take those 3 away he'd have shot 11-23...STILL not 50% lol
elibird123::34 points idiot. Go ahead take Darko Milicic he was 50%...LOL ;)
Amaze76er::So according to this idiot kobe sucks cuz he shoots 46% fg jordan had seasons of a 41% 43% 44% multiple times in his career I guess he suck too .. U see how stu.pid n ignorant someone sounds when they act fg% describes a player u moron learn some basketball first b4 u try to have a dissc..
49erProudFan1980::jordan also shot 50% or better 6 times in his career for an entire season...kobe, never!    And you took some of jordans averages from his wizards days...c'mon man
edelspot::Ohhhhh please. You got a website I can look that up? We talkin fact or opinion? Ok...let's just look at 3 point percentage just for kicks. Kobe, LBJ &amp; MJ are all right at the 33% career mark. Give or take a half point.   Next.
elibird123::MJ &amp; LBJ has/had the benefit of scoring more by way of dunks &amp; layups; therefore higher FG% simple as that.
edelspot::And BTW genius...where you get your stats? First you argue they're meaningless, which is stupid...but yet you refer to stats as much as the next guy.  Worse yet, you either have bad info, or simply make your own. MJ had more steals than Pippen. About the same on shot blocks.  Go ahead. Tell me your next fib.
edelspot::You can always tell when a guy has no merit to their argument. They start twisting things and making stuff up. What else ya got for me?   I have never ever said kobe sucks. He is a great player. But I think he is overated. The stats don't lie. MJ &amp; LBJ both have better FG%. By definition a SF or SG shoots. Their job is to score. The higher the percentage, the better the player. It's a pretty basic idea huh?  And oh BTW...MJ shot 41% twice. 17 games when he came back at end of '95, and 60 games in '02 at age 38.  Nice try...but fail. What next?
edelspot::Comparing players....specifically guys whose primary job is scoring...and dude says FG% isn't important??? Really? Are you freaking kidding me?  That is THE single dumbest thing you said yet.
edelspot::Hey 76er genius...riddle me this...if field goal % is unimportant, why is it that the four teams with best current records are all in the top 5 in that category?  Isn't the object of the game to put the ball in the hoop?  Nahhh. Shooting % means squat.   Dude...change your meds. Seriously.
Amaze76er::Jordan 95-96 season 30ppg 6re 4as.sist 24spg jordans 96-97 season 29ppg 6reb 4.3as.s 23spg jordan 97-98 season 28ppg 5reb 3as.sist 23spg...scottie pippen had better stats then jordan all those 3years does that mean he was better then jordan??nooo not even close prove of why stats lie and dont tell everything about a player...
Amaze76er::scottie also avg more steals n blocks and defend it the best player in the other team ..what else u wana,know since all u do is look at stats I guess thats make lebron better then kobe n jordan accprding to ur ignorant as.s lmap
edelspot::So how do you figure Pippen was better? I just looked at stats. Pippen best PPG those 3 yrs was 20. Best rebounds was 6.5. Best assists was 5.9. So even using best numbers from those years, how does 10 points less, half rebound more, and 1.5 assists more translate to better year?
Amaze76er::I guess rondo is the best player last year went he was 50fg last year lmao
Amaze76er::So your aguement of whos better is fg...lmao ok brainless to discuss with someone that looks at fg to pick whos a better player...lol
Michael19261::but what is jordan's FG% to kobes? right now Kobe is shooting really bad.
edelspot::Career.....Kobe 45.4% LBJ 48.3%  MJ 49.7%  76er will find a way to make kobe seem better though.
Amaze76er::Jordan was still consider the best player in the nba in  96 97 and 98 age32 33 34 even doe therewas other players with better stats jordan was avg 23.9shot per game avg 28ppg 5reb 3.8 $@% kobe is avg almost the same 29ppg 6reb 5as.s at age 34 so I dont have a problem saying kobe still the best player in the nba stats dont say everything about a player
edelspot::12 steps Lakers fan guide...  1) kobe has 5 rings...lebron has none.   2) Lakers have 16...lebron has none.    3) kobe is automatically better than anyone with 5 or less     4) kobe is better than anyone with 6 or more. They got lucky.  5) kobe won those rings all by himself.   6) no matter how bad kobe plays, its not his fault.    7) who cares if kobe takes 150 more shots than the next closest guy. He still leads in scoring.    8) Shaq, Pau &amp; Bynum had nothing to do with kobe's rings.    9) kobe is best ever. Better than MJ. Better than LBJ.   10) Kareem was better than Wilt.  11) Any list of best ever players begins and ends with Lakers. Add MJ somewhere so you don't look like a complete idiot.  12) if all else fails, refer to LBJ and no rings.
why_oh_why_lakers::Laker Fan here, when i have to compare Kobe with anybody in the league, i don't put the rings on people's face. when Kobe $@%!$@ up in a game(Wizard), i said he should've passed the ball more. the first 3 ships he got with Shaq, everybody could see that they needed each other to win, the two last ones he was doing what he did when he won 3 with Shaq(pass the ball).  i'll probably say that kobe is the closest thing to MJ, but not better or is MJ. If i'm comparing Kobe with Lebum, i'll say Kobe got the will to win, he won't get a 1-on1 situation, on the last second, then pass it to Bynum on the freethrow line, he will not go on national TV to say he joining another team just to be the beta dawg when he's known to be the alpha. in other words, i don't go by stats i go by what a player provide on the floor especially on the fourth quarter. BTW Kareem probably got better skills than Wilt but Wilt was more dominant. right now, I think Durant is the best player in the season. with all of that being said, i think the Lakers will get beat on the second round again this year with their crappy bench.  later hater
edelspot::Michael I'm not sure you understood my post. The intent was sarcasm. I actually believe there are many great players in all sports, including Marino, who weren't fortunate enough to be on the right team at the right time. Certainly rings mean something, but teams win rings. Few teams win solely because of one great player. Unless, of course, its one of the Lakers fans my post was intended for.
Michael19261::kobe had rape charges filed against him. Lebron did not.  Kobe had rape charges filed against him. MJ did not.  but your post is also like saying dan marino was a horrible QB because the rest of his team sucked too much to get a ring.
yale203::sorry wolves fans about rubio.  that is a tough break.
sidthemagnificent::@jeremtlinnotrapsttaltokibe,I agree with you about the top #5 for West,instead of Kobe,to a certain extent!The Logo,the clutch,etc...But all the West's attributes and characteristics just don't.measure up to the grueling work ethics of Kobe,his unbreakable will to win,his unsurpassed high  basketball I.Q.,and the impact he had on the game,winning multiple champinships with two groups of players,etc... NBA fans,I put these following players as the top 5 players,of all time!Which one would you put at the 5th spot,West or my choice,Kobe Top 5 of all time: 1:Abduljabbar 2:Magic 3:Jordan 4:Wilt 5:Kobe
edelspot::Resorting to twisting words and making stuff up now? Lol. You lose. MJ better than kobe. Like I said earlier...if you lead league in shot attempts by 150 over the next guy, you better lead in scoring. The difference is that kobe is 43% this yr and 45% career. MJ shot a better percentage. MJ all day over kobe. It's not even that close.
Amaze76er::so what jordan let the nba 11diferent seasons in shots per game kobe with this years it would be only his 3rd time... jordan also holds the record for most spg career 23spg comapare to kobe 19spg career so by the way u judge players your saying jordan is overated too??lol
edelspot::So by saying I'd take 7 or 8 guys over kobe, I'm a kobe hater? Sorry. One more time...I don't hate kobe. I just don't over rate the guy. Hence...for fans such as yourself who lack any real objectivity, I make anti kobe/Lakers posts. So tell me....is it unreasonable to say a guy SHOULD lead in scoring when he's taken 150 more shots than the next guy?
Amaze76er::Your just a kobe hater who u trying to fool I been reading all your post they all have kobe in them..just hate n hate u try to find anything to downgradehis level of play fact
edelspot::When you've taken 150 more shots than the next closest guy in the league you'd better lead the league in scoring. Kinda hard not to. At this point in Kobes career if I had my choice of players is take LBJ, Wade, D Rose, Howard, KD, CP3  or Love over kobe. Maybe Griffin too.
edelspot::So once again its just rings? And they're all kobe's. The fact that you need a better team, or might be facing a better team has nothing to do with it? Why did kareem only win 1 in Mil, but 4 in LA? Did he suddenly get better? Or did he play with a better team? I don't hate kobe. I just don't over rate the guy simply because he's been a part of 5 great teams. When you start watching games? The Jordan era? You have no knowledge or respect for the past greats. And you obviously can't see the present and future. Kobe is no longer a top 5 current player.
Go-LaKers::"Kobe is no longer a top 5 current player." I don't know about that. Currently he is leading the league in scoring. He's been on top of the scoring leader board the past few years. So who do you think is the TOP 5 "currently" in the league?
Amaze76er::Yeah loosing 8out9 finals is better then winning to 5out of 7 according to this idiot that all he does is hate on kobe...lol
edelspot::Dude...West averaged 27ppg and 47% over his career. Possibly purest shooter ever. No 3 point line then. He'd average 30 today. Only reason guys like West &amp; Wilt don't have more rings is Celtics. They were the better team most of those years. Which begs the question...if celtics won 11 times in a 13 year period, how is it that no Celtic makes a top 5 list? Hmmmm.
Amaze76er::best nba skill players ever jordan n kobe nobody is even close when it comes to post game footwork midrange game they have everything...
edelspot::....Awwwwwww you poor thing. Sorry, don't hate kobe. Just don't put him as far up as kobe lovers. I don't base my opinion on whether I like a player on anything other than their overall game, so kobe to me may be a great one, but not top 5 today, and not top 15 all time. So I guess we're back to 5 rings now?
Amaze76er::Dude your nobody to tell me to change my sn you dont pay my bills u ignorant shi.t..im a basketball fan not only a team or player fan..is not my fault u hate kobe as I can see all u do in here is talk down on him but so your the embarrassment to any sport fan acting like a little girl that cant show any tipe of respect to nba players unless is your fav player..ur pathetic grow up little girl..
edelspot::Dude I'm from philly area. If you're a sixers fan, please change your SN. You're an embarrassment to our fan base. Kobe is not on MJ level. And only reason he compares to LBJ is cause of rings. LBJ has outplayed kobe when they've gone head to head. You need to read up on Wilt. I don't care if he played midgets in wheelchairs. The guy beat a young kareem head to head when his career was almost over. Averaged 50ppg and 20+ rebounds over a full year. Played over 48 min per game one year (incl OT). Only missed 8 possible minutes that year because he fouled out once. Probably blocked most shots all time, but that stat wasn't kept then. Played for globetrotters before NBA. Only center to ever lead NBA in assists. All this while constantly being double and TRIPLE teamed. And still had the strength &amp; stamina to bang 20,000 women!  Wilt &gt; kobe...on and off the court.
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::6-9 months dang.. no olympics.. hopefully he's ready for opening tip
jeremylinnotarapsttalktokobe::Top 1 player in the league as of now ANTHONY DAVIS KENTUCKY
Amaze76er::Wade 22ppg 4reb 4ass &lt; kobe 29ppg 6reb 5as.s pretty easy
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::championship standpoint, bill russell
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::actually the big O should be the best player by a stats stand point...
Amaze76er::Nope your wrong kobe has his legasy set already he dont have to play anymore and put his body in more pain but he does wade dont..
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::how am i wrong, the record speaks for itself, no Kobe, no win for LA, Wade sat like 11 games and Miami lost only 2 or 3
smelldrose::they matter but u cant base everything on them.  How many lists have Wilt as the best player ever?
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::everyone goes by stats....
Amaze76er::I was being sarcastic since lebron fans go by stats..24/7
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::difference is Kobe has to play cause his team sucks, Wade can sit and get healthy while Miami still wins games..... who is the better team?
Antsea91::Wade has never and will never be the better player. Kobe has durability while wade misses games for "headaches"
edelspot::Yeah that Wade guy must really suck. Only had one of the best NBA final series ever. Better than any series kobe had.
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::why do they keep stats then? if it didin't matter then why would the record stats... they do matter more than you think
smelldrose::actually wade is a better player as of right now but u cant leave kobe out of the top 5.
edelspot::Amen. Tell it like it is. Couldn't agree more.
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::kobe is top 10 the other guys are just better
smelldrose::I agree with you but stats arent everything....i dont understand why ppl dont get that.
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::Top 5 players in the league as of now: Lebron Durant Wade Rose Howard
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::Howard does more work than I thought..... he's a monster
edelspot::...and we could add a few more before we get to kobe.
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::Breaking News: Torn ACL for rubio...  poor guy
Bill Lloyd::Its ironic how Kobe lowerd his shoulder
Amaze76er::He will comeback his young..
edelspot::Lakers fan guide. Aka the dirty dozen or the twelve steps. These rules are infallible. Nothing further is needed.  1) kobe has 5 rings...lebron has none. 2) Lakers have 16...lebron has none. 3) kobe is automatically better than anyone with 5 or less  4) kobe is better than anyone with 6 or more. They got lucky.  5) kobe won those rings all by himself.  6) no matter how bad kobe plays, its not his fault.  7) who cares if kobe takes 150 more shots than the next closest guy. He still leads in scoring. 8) Shaq, Pau &amp; Bynum had nothing to do with kobe's rings. 9) kobe is best ever. Better than MJ. Better than LBJ. 10) Kareem was better than Wilt. 11) Any list of best ever players begins and ends with Lakers. Add MJ somewhere so you don't look like a complete idiot. 12) if all else fails, refer to LBJ and no rings.
Claude Giroux28::all by himself, is that why shaq was mvp for 3?
Amaze76er::Linsanity was all media the knicks fu.cken suck lmao
alex towriss::Linsanity is over
alex towriss::But you still lost, the thing about linsanity was the team was winning, but you guys lost. again.
jeremylinnotarapsttalktokobe::NOPE 20 POINTS 13 ASSIST LAST NIGHT AND GOING ON THE COVER OF SI FOR THE THIRD TIME
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::rubio done for the year with torn ACL, poor guy.... it was Kobe's fault
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::hopefully he comes back strong...
Amaze76er::LIs part of the game that always happends collisions in games is normal thats why proffesional trainers try help a player in there body to avoid serious injurys...feel bad for the kid but his still young
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::so your saying the collision had nothing to do with him messing up his knee?
smelldrose::i've had a torn acl repaired.  Never could play the same afterwards.  But then again he'll prly get surgery from a world class doctor and has the best training staff at his disposal so it might not be so bad.  minni's seasons is over though.  With love in and out of the line up and rubio hurt now...i dont see em making the playoffs.
Amaze76er::A nba expert had write a story about rubios body wouldent last in the nba...and they hadtold him to work out on his legs the most ..
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::yea man, tore his ACL i feel bad for him, he just came to the league..... and he was a crowd favorite. I really want the wolves to do well, but now thats not really possible
Amaze76er::Thats what happends when u dont work,in your legs n knees ask bynum...
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::that what happens when you collide with another player.....
smelldrose::for real...that sucks.  feel bad for the kid.
jeremylinnotarapsttalktokobe::WOW REALLY
smelldrose::Leave lebron alone...he never had a good enough team win a championship.  Oh except a team good enough to go 66-16 and 61-2 with the best record in the league.
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::eh Kobe doesn't really take over games as much as before..... Durant is so tall he can shoot over anyone and plays good defense. Durant is my pick over Kobe if I had to play with one of them
smelldrose::i'll still take kobe...im a bulls fan and no one scares me more than kobe with the ball in the last few seconds.  Even if he does miss it more than he makes it.  Plus hes a better passer and an exceptional defensive player.  All defensive first team 9 times...tied only with the great mj.
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::Durant has hit countless game winning shots, can score at will, you need a bucket, ask Durant.... he's good, and he's the main reason why OKC is one of the best team's in the league
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::i'll take Durant over Kobe anyday
smelldrose::i dont understand why people dick ride durant so bad.  Hes a great player but all he does is score....albeit efficiently.  Like they were campaigning for mvp couple years ago when he was averaging like 2 assist a game.  I though mvp was all about making other players better...at least that's why kobe didnt win it straight for like 3 years.
mhsmustang1::lol kobe went 67-15 and only lost 1 game in the post season.....not even jordan did that
smelldrose::i'd take kobe over lebron any day but kobe fans are just as delusional as lebron's
smelldrose::61-21 sry
alex towriss::im pretty sure theres 82 games, so 61-2 is impossible
jeremylinnotarapsttalktokobe::WHO THE HELL IS LEBRICK?
basketball good NBA bad::He earns that nickname in the 4th quarter of big games.
sidthemagnificent::Lol..sorry,Lebron
Amaze76er::The funny think about lebrick fans is that they dont beleived in rings clutchness or team leader....lmao
Go-LaKers::"If you want to play for fun, go with Lebron, if you want to play to win, go with Kobe"   -Larry Bird
PaperPlanesTaylorGang::lebron is clearly the best player in the league...
alex towriss::believe* believed doesnt make sense in the statement
Giggity.iggity::Good to see Derrick Williams get some real playing time and thrive.  T-Wolves might be well over .500 had they not started Beasley early on in the season.
Amaze76er::1.Jabbar 2jordan 3kobe 4magic 5bird...wil and russel play with bunch of little white guys so hard to put them up there
edelspot::Yeah...Wilt couldn't have beat kareem if they went head to head. Ohhhh wait....he did. An aging Wilt, on bad knees, beat the pants off the young kareem. Dude I'm from philly area. I'm ashamed you're a sixer fan. So you think kobe was better than Doc &amp; Moses too? Roflmfao.
Amaze76er::how is bird better then kobe pleaz explain?? Bird was a better person and fan lover but were talking about skills no way bird is better then kobe...
AIadvocate::ROFL YOU JUST PUT KOBE AHEAD OF MAGIC AND BIRD?!!??!  You know nothing about basketball..
Yanks for the Win::The funny thing about the Kobe lovers is talking about Lebron's postseasons. What they don't know is LBJ has more PPG, AST, REB, FG %, ST, AND 3 PT %. All by a substantial margin. So individually, Lebron is better in the post season. As well for clutch shots. With the score within 3 and the time within 24 sec, Kobe shoots 25%. Thats among the league worst. Kobe is just blessed to be on the Lakers. If he'd played for the Hornets, he'd be a nobody.
Amaze76er::lebron fans have u ever been to a nba championship parade besides the decision and his 2010 entrance show lmao
sidthemagnificent::@lovebasketball101,in answer to your question: My top five players,of all time, 1:Abduljabbar 2:Magic 3:Jordan 4:Wilt 5:Kobe I like Shaq better than Kobe,but Kobe's work ethics  combined with his high basketball I.Q.,are just unsurpassed Also,I am a diehard Lakers'fan,and the fan of no player!!!
jeremylinnotarapsttalktokobe::SLID KOBE OUT AND SLID WEST IN AT THE 5 SPOT THEN ILL AGREE
Amaze76er::4lakers im all good with it lol
sidthemagnificent::The truth and nothing but the whole truth!!!!
Side.Kick.Hang.Lip::have you every had kobe lobster?  it's lobster stuffed with kobe beef.
Amaze76er::What would lebron be with out his speed and athletism??? No post game no foot work not mental tuffness bad jump shooter not midrange game...lay ups n dunks are not jump shots ignorant lebrick fans reason why lebrick is 60+ career free trow shooter lmao
Yanks for the Win::Where would Kobe be if he actually played for the team he  was drafted to? Answer: retired.
Yanks for the Win::When MJ was just a year younger than LBJ, they were talking about how he doesn't have what it takes to win the big ones. Look at him now. I'm a Knicks fan but there is way to much hate at LBJ. Wait till he retires and he will have smashed every single record by Kobe. He's already 5,000 points ahead.
Amaze76er::TWtf are u 15years old?? Jordan was in his 5th season at lebrons age lebrick in going to a decade already...and jordan hada rep of being clutch and closer and team leader lebron has none of them in 10seasons know your facts b4 u post just saying lol
jeremylinnotarapsttalktokobe::LISTEN FOOL KOBE AND LEBRON PLAYED EARLY IN THE NBA THEN ALL THE GREAT PLAYERS DID SO EVEN IF THEY END UP WITH MORE POINTS THEY PLAYED LONGER AND HAD EXTRA YEARS TO DO IT CAN U COUNT
nunya1218::NBA experience makes a huge difference and LeBron has been in the league for much longer than Jordan had at the same age.
Yanks for the Win::That isn't relevant. They are only a year apart in age. I think everyone can understand the maturity level between 18 and 27.
jeremylinnotarapsttalktokobe::THE FAKE STATS I CALL THEM COMPARED TO THE GREAT PLAYERS NEVER WENT TO COLLEGE PLAYERS
Amaze76er::Lebrick fans have the nerve to blame wade or bosh everytime they lose a regular season game but never have the nerve to blame lebrick for costing miami a title and choking in the biggest series of the season..lol
Amaze76er::Lebron is just going to be a sidekick when it comes to the playoffs..
Amaze76er::ah yeah like in the76ers and mavs serieslast year??lmao
LoveBasketball101::You said playoffs so your statement seems to mean for the ENTIRE playoffs he didn't perform as the leading man. SO you admit that for half of the playoffs he did. Lmao indeed
LoveBasketball101::Like in the Chicago series and boston series last year?
Amaze76er::can this guy be more pathetic u keep changing your user name and talking dwn on kobe but little do u know just by cliking on ur user name all ur account names come out from the same mobile ur on...lmao dont u feel stup.id lmao
LoveBasketball101::who?
jeremylinnotarapsttalktokobe::Bird probably means Lebron is the most physically gifted/talented player ever....and I agree with him 100%!!! Overall greatness though, it's MJ. But Lebron's talent don't mean a damn thing if he goes brain dead in the biggest moments like he did last year!!
LoveBasketball101::lol. Lebron has more than the Physical. He has a very high IQ. His passing is off the charts. That takes more than physical. He has impeccable vision.
LoveBasketball101::I will give you that. I will give you that. I too hope it will extend past 46 minutes
jeremylinnotarapsttalktokobe::ID WISH HE USES IT IN THE 4TH QUARTER LOL
jeremylinnotarapsttalktokobe::I LOVE THIS STATMENT
jeremylinnotarapsttalktokobe::KEY WORD BRAINDEAD
Yanks for the Win::Why is the headline line that Kobe and Lakers nipped the Wolves? Kobe shot 26 times at around 40% and had a +/- of -3. Just another day at the office for him. He wasn't a huge part in the win. Without Bynum they would have lost.
Qzhoopin72::It's you Kobe haters that keep individualizing everything. If you win 5 titles in your career, there has to be plenty of "team" in your game. Just because you shoot a lot, doesn't make you selfish, especially if that's your biggest strength as a player.  And save your nerd stats.
Qzhoopin72::Good thing that basketball is a team game, huh??
jeremylinnotarapsttalktokobe::PLEASE TELL KOBE THIS
Amaze76er::When they ask magic whos a greater player kobe or lebron....magic just lol and said not even close kobe 5 to 0 fact
LoveBasketball101::Magic said Lebron is the best player today, right now too.
LoveBasketball101::my bad mane
Yanks for the Win::That was directed to Amaze, bro.
LoveBasketball101::OK? He still said Lebron is the best player today
Yanks for the Win::Magic was a Laker, Kobe is a Laker. C'mon bro
LoveBasketball101::Just about every superstar that has won a Ring and NBA Finals MVP had an EPIC finals....  Where is Kobe's?
Qzhoopin72::meant to say "in" their greatest of all time....not "is"...
Qzhoopin72::Checkmate!!!!!!
Qzhoopin72::I get your point...but I guess I really, really don't give a rat's @$$ about "EPIC" to prove Kobe's greatness. Sorry...I'm not that deep into individual glory. I watch Boxing &amp; tennis &amp; golf for that.  If guys like Charles Barkley, Kenny Smith, Tim Legler, Jalen Rose, Chris Webber, Greg Anthony, even Shaq too!!!, Bruce Bowen, etc....all the guys on TV, list Kobe is their greatest of all-time....maybe it's just me.... but I tend to think they know what they're talking about!!
Qzhoopin72::"does"
Qzhoopin72::I'm not missing the point at all. "EPIC" is subjective terminology...and much more than that, Laker fans don't give a damn about individual glory!!! The Lakers franchise was great long before Kobe, and will survivie long after Kobe. His career &amp; legacy are firmly intact whether he credits for being EPIC in the Finals or not.
LoveBasketball101::If we want to talk about wins ok then he has 5. Horry has 7, but he is not a superstar. You see what I mean? The superstars have won, so I am comparing HOW they won. Most have epic finals and Kobe does not
LoveBasketball101::LOL, but it is still a home run. True we are talking about wins and if that were all then end of discussion, but there is more. People say kobe is top 5-15 depending on who you talk to. SO with that is mind, he has not had a playoffs as those others in that stratosphere
Qzhoopin72::Bottom line is the win.....who gives a damn beyond that?? Dow it matter whether a home run travels 400 feet or 500 feet, if it's only 390 to the fence??
LoveBasketball101::Actually it is more than subjective my friend. It doesn't just exist in my mind. Kobe has had ok to good NBA finals series. Not something on the all-time great level
Qzhoopin72::He was the best player on the court in 2009 Finals vs Orlando....also, aside from shooting 6-24 (despite 15 rebounds) in that Game 7 in 2010, he was the best player that year too..... I guess you could make a case for Gasol based on his Game 7....but who really gives a damn?? I thought basketball was all about team.
jeremylinnotarapsttalktokobe::WOW U ARE RIGHT
LoveBasketball101::No, you are missing the point. All the superstars considered top 5-15 alltime had an EPIC finals where there were so dominant every game that you could do nothing about it. Kobe was never that player in the NBA Finals.
Qzhoopin72::Does it really matter who gets the MVP??? Kobe haters always dwell on Kobe being "selfish" or whatever, then are the main ones to individualize everything!!!!!!
LoveBasketball101::No, I am asking where is his EPIC finals since he was the MVP?
LoveBasketball101::Especially those considered in the top 5-15 all-time.
Amaze76er::Lebricli cost wade a finals mvp last year anda ring by choking by far the worst performance by any superstar in the history of the nba...lmao
84Goldfinger007::If a Lebrick bricked bricks........how many bricks can a Lebrick brick if a Lebrick bricked bricks on a good bricking day??
Qzhoopin72::Bottom line to all this b.s. is that the Laekrs need a point guard and they need a bench and they need more athleticism. It doesn't matter if Kobe takes 10 shots a game or 30 shots a game....doesn't matter if Gasol take 20 shots a game each either. The Lakers ain't winning a damn thing until they get more talent on their roster!!
Qzhoopin72::Gasol or Bynum....
Amaze76er::Like larry bird said if u want to play for fun go with lebron...but if u want to play for rings go play with kobe lmao fact
LoveBasketball101::Bird also said Lebron is the best player he has seen ever
LoveBasketball101::We are not talking about ranking players and I didn't bring up MJ. I didn't even say I agreed with him. But he said it and he also said he has a very high IQ. That goes beyond physical.
Qzhoopin72::You are STUPID if you think Bird would rank Lebron ahead of MJ
jeremylinnotarapsttalktokobe::MAYBE HE MEANT BEST THAT YEAR
LoveBasketball101::LOL, not what he probably means. HE ssaid best player. I go by what he said. He also said he has a very high IQ. SO that goes beyond the physical.
jeremylinnotarapsttalktokobe::NICE POINT
Qzhoopin72::Bird probably means Lebron is the most physically gifted/talented player ever....and I agree with him 100%!!! Overall greatness though, it's MJ. But Lebron's talent don't mean a damn thing if he goes brain dead in the biggest moments like he did last year!!
Amaze76er::Like jordan said outof his own mouth only player that belong to be compare to him is kobe bryant not lebrick...lmao fact
LoveBasketball101::LOL Mj also said Kobe is in the top 10 SHOOTING GUARDS of all-time, lol
jeremylinnotarapsttalktokobe::JAMES IS A SMALL FORWARD NOT A SHOOTING GUARD
Amaze76er::Even bosh said the ballbelongs tinwades  hands in the 4th not lebrons lmao
LoveBasketball101::OK? The ball was in Horry's and Fisher's hand at the end of their games
smr1274@gmail.com::$@%!, seems every Laker game conversation now has to have a Jordan and Lebron mention. Who the hell cares!
Amaze76er::Jordan n kobe each 3rings b4 there 10th season...how much does lebrick have going to his 10th season??lmao
LoveBasketball101::He is not done with this season. Why speculate on the 10th season?
Amaze76er::Kobe n jordan were the teams closer for all there rings...something lebrick would never be if he ever wins lmao he would be wades little bee achh
LoveBasketball101::Kobe was not. Horry hit way more closing shots than Kobe.  MJ has 6 MVP's. Kobe has how many?
LoveBasketball101::Very true
jeremylinnotarapsttalktokobe::OSCAR ROBERTSON HAS ONE RING AND HE STILL WAS A BETTER PLAYER THAN KOBE
