amtrack5::Im excited for Golden State for sure.  Nice to see them playing well against the high-profile teams.  All thats left is consistency.
Jameshardenisoldmansmooth::The Warriors are one quality scorer away from being a top 4 contender, right now they are...  1.Heat 2.Okc 3.Clips 4.Spurs 5.Mem. 6a.Warriors 6b.Nets, Knicks, Boston
Jmet15::I would have OKC #1, Spurs #2, Clips #3, Heat #4.
I_am_the_original_GREAT_ONE::Giants Niners  now the Warriors are relevant.....  it's great to live in the City these days.
This is HYSTERICAL::Warriors are playing awesome
516CHAS::put curry, lee in asg.
BavarianM3::westbrick is what gives me headaches.
Da-THUN-Da::I like how idiots think they are so smart when they say the Thunder (or any team really) wont win a championship. You could get on every team board and give some reason why a team wouldnt win and you be right 29/30 times. Ill take the Thunders odds to win up against any one else but come on, saying they wont win a ring really isnt that bold of a statement.
BarrelRider04::Point taken, there is validity to your statement.
BarrelRider04::I will eat my words if it happens, but the Thunder cannot win a championship with that China-wall, brick-building Clankbrook on their team. Yes, he's athletic as heck and is a good player, but he kills his team with his horrid shooting and taking too many shots away from the guy who should have the ball in his hands every time down the court, Durantula.
thomascedill::Harden &gt; Westbrook
Spurs Iz Da Truff::My Spurs haven't really been playing all that well lately. And still right there at the top.
Lumbergh21::David Robinson showed how important he was to the Spurs the year before they drafted Tim Duncan.  I would say he and Duncan both qualify as superstars.  Question now is who will Tim Duncan be handing the mantle to in the next few years before he retires.
Jmet15::Yes according to numbers he is a superstar.  That's why I quoted "True" meaning A single player who dominated as in, Bird, MJ, Magic, Kobe, Shaq, etc.  everyone wins different ways, in no way was anyone afraid of TD's game.  Everyone just knew he would get his but don't let the team beat you.  Not a True superstar, he just gets the credit for winning, as he should.
jayraldratuita@gmail.com::Timmy is the best PF all time, therefore he is a true superstar.
imhungry13579::Actually Tim Duncan is as true a superstar as this decade has seen.  The numbers he put up back in the day...daaaayyyuuummmm.
Jmet15::What's great about the Spurs is how they have been good for so long without any "true" superstars.  They have good players who play the team game and as a result of their team success players like TD, Gunobli and Parker get the credit.  But it's really poppovich and a unique ability to draft great role players year after year.
sautan::Most consistent team in NBA league.
Oaktown1029::They're always right there at the top.
thunderjet5000::We're da best it dont matter
Oaktown1029::Klay opened up on Westbrook last night and then switched to guarding Durant later - KD got his but Klay is becoming a very good defender - he held CP3 down earlier this week. Barnes needs to get out of his "funk" pretty soon.
supe540::I agree.  Barnes has a world of talent but needs to develop an attitude.  If Green could shoot at all he'd be playing ahead of Harrison at this point.
Oaktown1029::you remember when Klay was in his "slump" earlier this season? Barnes looks just like that right now - good news is he'll come out of it (I hope). I agree with Green but he seems to have lost confidence in his shot right now too.
Rambomonster9::Durant another 6 turnovers for the leagues biggest turnover machine.  Also the thunder were -14 with him in the game.  Bad defender and sloppy but yeah he is the first half MVP
Rambomonster9::sorry just trollin but it is true.  KD is a T.O. machine
RaiderRayC::Dear OKC, U mad?  # The Ocean.
amtrack5::Not at all, can't win em all.  Its an 82 game season..we have a good 10 more losses coming our way if we use the current win loss ratio lol
ThunderHornz::No. Nice win-well done! Exciting team building something very nice!
AmazinGrapeOKC::Wow!!! Trolls are still here???
cesareappl@hotmail.com::Mar Jackson is coach of the year
dplunk18::could Dwight make this team legit contenders for the title?
springfresh3.1::good god no, he needs to stay the hell away from teams that are formulated for success
Kitastrophy::Worried about the Clippers and that is all... the rest of the teams can't run with the thunder
Rambomonster9::yeah the heat have no chance (already forgotten 4-1 Finals)
oblique15::It`s a cold day, what are you talking about?
Rambomonster9::oh and the heat are 6-1 vs. OKC in the last 7 meeting but they have no shot!!!
MR0908::Haha warriors just beat you on an off night and without Bogut. I'd reconsider your claim.
BreakfastOfChampions1984::Ive been betting with a system named SportsBettingStar for only 2 months now, and have profited about 3K per month just by following its tips.  You will be able to find this system on the first page of Google by looking for Sports Betting Systems.
4 Petes Sake::Spurs are still sniffing OKC A.SS.
Heelsn07::easy blame falls on westbrook here.  and that's definitely warranted. he cost them this game.  but he's just one of those guys you take the good with the bad.  and the good far outweighs the bad.  unfortunately the bad can come at some REALLY BAD times and that hurts them long run.  OKC fans just gotta hope that doesn't happen in the playoffs/finals
BarrelRider04::The good doesn't outweigh the bad when the bad is going to keep you from winning a ring again.
ALLforthelulz::all that being said, even horrendous nights like this he just needs to not turn it over. if your shot isn't falling so be it, but don't take possessions away
Da-THUN-Da::Completely agree. We'll take our chances.
-Td4mvp3 -::Thunder fans you have to admit it, ur all a little scared of the spurs getting that #1 seed this year
springfresh3.1::LOL
Da-THUN-Da::You guys got that #1 seed last year didnt ya?
Da-THUN-Da::We'll take the WC Champ
4 Petes Sake::Not particularly.  :)
-Td4mvp3 -::tbh, the spurs are in my opinion the only team that can take out the heat this time around
-Td4mvp3 -::the spurs would destroy okc in a 7 game series THIS year
springfresh3.1::LOL, what is it with Spurs fans having to keep coming onto OKC boards...where is my man, the Suns fan
charlie hustle bets the over::-Td4mvp3 - - trust me, there are plenty of thunder trolls that come to our boards  yeaahhh but you pretty much troll <b>every</b> board, at least the top 8, sans SA, WC teams.
-Td4mvp3 -::trust me, there are plenty of thunder trolls that come to our boards
Da-THUN-Da::Yeah but  only because you capitalized THIS.
-Td4mvp3 -::like how I did that huh! :)
Heelsn07::when does voting for all star reserves end?  i know they're announced tonight but basically does last night factor in? one last push for curry and lee wouldn't hurt. if curry gets robbed that'll be a crime
HRenfort1985::yeah Lee Sucks. Only guy in the league averaging 20/10/3. He really sucks.
-Td4mvp3 -::lee sucks but curry is legit
Heelsn07::lee's a hardworking 20-10 guy who certainly deserves strong consideration for a WC spot.  DO IT FOR THE WHITE GUYS!
-Td4mvp3 -::GO SPURS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;)
Benny Agbayani_::You're not going to win when your star PG is only able to drop 10 pts on Curry while taking 16 shots and 6 FTs
Da-THUN-Da::For all you GS fans that hate Westbrook so much heres some stats compared to Curry's Scoring Westbrook #7 Curry #8 Assists Westbrook #5 Curry #13 Steals Westbrook #5 Curry #14 FG %  Curry 44%  Westbrook 42%
supe540::Relax Da.  You're getting W fans confused with trolls.
springfresh3.1::No worries homey, I personally would still pick Russ over 99% of the PGs out there
Kitastrophy::That game was a lot of fun to watch, GG GS!  move em
FatCat_00::Westbrook has wayyyy too many awful nights for someone who is suppose to be a star
Da-THUN-Da::David Lee is not afraid to get his $@%! swatted get the lose ball and go right back up and score lol I seen him do that about three times last night haha
BarrelRider04::Gee, what a surprise, another horrific shooting night by Clankbrick. Thunder fans, you will not be able to win it all with Clankbrick. Steph Curry should go to the All-star game. If he doesn't, it will be a big time snub.
hoshposh::Back to back days. you knew they were going to lose thats why GS getting +1.5 last night was a layup.  Dont look too much into it.
springfresh3.1::Clankbrick LOL  these names are getting redonks...
Da-THUN-Da::Curry should make it and probably will. We will take the odds with Westbrook. Good nights outweigh the bads by alot.
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::OKC is legit, GS will fade in time.
springfresh3.1::GG lastnight, GS looking good..on to the next..
SurajSethi::DmC is a Hall of Fame power forward...
Celtics are too good::DMC sucks
springfresh3.1::good insight, ESPN analyst material
nba is the worst::@ Kings, in turmoil due to the Seattle deal.  hope Westbrick gets back to 42%!
springfresh3.1::Free DMC!!! Kings do not deserve him
Sukmahdeekespn::i hope seth curry watches the film on this game of his bro, and takes some lessons!!!!!!!
nba is the worst::Anyone notice that Westbrick loses a lot of games for OKC?
cmpledger::Everyone notices. Just no one cares that he has a couple of games like this during the regular season anymore.
4 Petes Sake::You are worst of the trolls.  Westbrook has been AWESOME lately and you were quieter than a mouse.  Has one bad game and you shred him.  Idiot.
Da-THUN-Da::haha that was 17 games ago. He also had 11 assists  Just shut up
nba is the worst::5-19 @ heat, wasted a (rare)+19 ft margin for a visiting team in Miami.  Hmmm
Da-THUN-Da::He has won his share
s.babin::Second night of back to back, you could tell Thunder were tired. Westbrook didn't show up, either. Not too worried about this loss.
4 Petes Sake::Right??  Its loss #10, top a solid playoff team on 2nd night of back to back.  Warriors just had more gas in the tank in the 4th.
nba is the worst::Westbrick 3-16, 4 ast 6 TOs.  he shoots his 42% avg and the Thunder win
Da-THUN-Da::Good win Warriors. I watched the whole game. You guys have a fun, up and coming team to watch and could make some noise this year in the West. See you in OKC on Feb 6th.
Kitastrophy::Well played Warriors.  Curry sure was fun to watch last night!
_RocksOnSocks_::Curry for MVP!
LOTTsapain::What the hell is going on in the Bay Area.  SF Giants win a championship, 49ers in the SB and now, the GS Warriors playing like contenders.  Right on!
HawksRule702::yeah anal lube  lol
LOTTsapain::Yeah, they're screwing a lot of teams in the @$$.
cballou18::There must be something in the water
LOTTsapain::Gimme some.
Complaint Dept.::I bet the livestock in OKC is waking up sore this morning, after a loss by the Thunder!
-Td4mvp3 -::man the refs are so whistle happy when durant gets the ball....if u breathe on him...instant free throws
GsDubb12::It's amazing, and the guy is only 24 yrsnold and he's already getting calls like that
Complaint Dept.::Seems Durant has a crack in his armor!
stairwell13::KD six turnovers including the turnover on the biggest play of the game.  If James does that, it's a headline about how he isn't clutch.  Durant game costing turnover, or bricking the potential game winning shot like last week, gets barely any mention at all.
Jmet15::Lol no it wasn't debunked just because Espn tells you it was.  I have followed the NBA long enough to know anyone can get lucky (see Miami Heat 2006).  LBJ not the player KD is.  And no I'm not an OKC fan.  Just because LBJ won 1 title in 3 tries doesn't prove anything.  Especially since KD will be 1-1 after this season.
Jmet15::It's because KD does more throughout the game to help his team win.  Whereas Lebron fills a stats sheet while relying on his teammates to keep them in the game( reason be joined the Heat to begin with).  But when the game is on the line and LBJ needs to make the play, that's when he chokes.
sean373::"its because KD does more throughout the game to help his team win" I seriously laughed at that dumba.ss comment  "when the game is on the line and LBJ needs to make a play..he chokes" sorry that was debunked in last years playoffs and finals..fail..I like both players but i can tell you wank Durant to the core
onlyelement1::it doesn't help also when your pg goes 3-16 and another 6 turnovers, Durant did all he could with all that he had
ToledoMan::That is because James is the King.  KD is not.
-Td4mvp3 -::GO SPURS!!!!!!!!!!!! ;)
baller1016::I saw the stat line for Duncan   "DNP- too old to play consistently"
Jumeax::WEstbrook is like a mini Kobe
brandonstephensy::Trade WESTBROOK!
Goldengun3865::Wow, what a game by Westbrick.  3-16, 4 ast, 6 TO's.  Those are all star numbers right there.
Jumeax::This is what happens when people grow up idolising Kobe
ToledoMan::If that were the case he would have been 3-28
4 Petes Sake::Okc on a back to back, good win Warriors.  Much improved team.  We'll see how it goes when OKC is fresh.
nba is the worst::OKC has the least B2Bs of any west team, 15.  Only ONE road trip 6 games long.  LOL!
-Td4mvp3 -::excuses?
PlayaMade5::My God, it seems like Durant takes 10+ FTs a game.
brandonstephensy::Durang gets the Kobe effect.while Westbrook gets on the Kobe System
Kaultar::He does.  There is no seems like about it.  It's the Kobe effect.  Just scream when you shoot and get the foul.
