Rdiu::i'm starting to really dislike Westbrook , it's obvious that Durant is the best player of the team, Westbrook need to stop trying to be the no.1 guy, stick to your 2nd role and help the team win.
the6565::Did anyone else see that Lamb 3 at the end of the game? That was awesome.   -I would loooooove to see him play a bigger role
Gods illa::Did all u OKC fans give up ?  Where is the support ?  Thunder Section 140 been poppin the last 2 years now it quiet .  Thunder Up
smokeysaj::Durant gives the ball up 6x and still has a better +/- than Westbrook with 32 ahahahahahahaha.
tungcn2010::Can you imagine Harden/Durant combo instead of Westbrook/Durant. They would've won it all with Harden starting.
Gods illa::I think the Russ/KD ceiling would be higher than Harden/KD ceiling ...
haroldpurplecrayon::Westbrook more like Westbrick and Damian Lilliard is the future for Portland good game for both teams
giucco::Why is Westbrook taking more shots than Durant? This is ridiculous....
reignman929::tough to beat the thunder at home when you shoot 36%.
Brooklynborn76er::Just seen da highlights on NBA  TV on this game! Kevin Durant cross da ump outta Sasha Pavolic literally broke duke ankles!WOW
Willadunn::1st wk of nba action.  http://willadunn14.blogspot.com/2012/11/thoughts-from-1st-week-in-nba.html
Willadunn::http://willadunn14.blogspot.com/2012/11/thoughts-from-1st-week-in-nba.html
Willadunn::thoughts on 1st wk of nba action.. http://willadunn14.blogspot.com/2012/11/thoughts-from-1st-week-in-nba.html
Kev_010::who the hell does Lillard think he is trying to dunk on OKC
Elton7323::lol lamb has a PER of 113.30 http://espn.go.com/nba/player/_/id/6603/jeremy-lamb
tungcn2010::Lillard = ROY
OmniVersal::"Oh really?"- Anthony Davis
OmniVersal::I know. I just feel it'll come down to these two guys. Davis was a beast against the Spurs.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::yea dudes been beasting
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::yea he didnt do to bad
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::so wheres all the blazers clowns that was talking unrealistic ish on hear last night?
OmniVersal::Oh wow celebrating beating the Blazers. Remember that Tony Parker buzzer beater?
OmniVersal::I will give you that Blazers fans had unrealistic expectations since they beat a Lakers team that has yet to win due to chemistry issues right now. Even without Harden the Thunder are still one of the top 4 West teams.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::and im not celebratiing.. i just wanted to be the one to say i told ya so!
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::yea but were not talking about the spurs.. that was a great shot i wont take that from him..but they were a team that met us in the WCF.. the blazers fans were being way unrealistic..
James Harden 3 point Celebration::leave em alone
For-Petes-Sake::I think Omniversal seems to be forgetting about 3 OKC players named Durant, Westbrook, and Ibaka.  3x Scoring leader, unguardable player, and last years Blocks leader. (by like 50 blocks)  We'll be fine without Harden, the dynamic has changed but we'll be okay.  We'll see where Houston and the Knicks are come playoff time.   You absolute CLOWN.
OmniVersal::How am I a clown? Because what I say is true? Seems to me like I'm right since you're so far the only one to like your comment. And last I saw the Knicks and Rockets are winning and have had CHAMPIONSHIP teams. Same can't be said about the Choklahoma Blunder lol
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::yea but thats like almost 20 yrs ago.. they've been about relavent as the dallas cowboys..
OmniVersal::I said they have HAD. Which is quite true.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::actually i liked it.. 2nd rockets have not had a championship calibur team since 95 bro.. smh
For-Petes-Sake::2012 FINALS- Lost to champs 2011  WCF-  lost to champs 2010 2nd round- lost to champs Okc has improved every year...haters will always steer their comments to the negative side of a conversation.  Pathetic.
OmniVersal::And now without Harden OKC will just lose in the playoffs.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::dude harden wasnt our team. he was our role player 6th man.. and yes dude can ball and he is making the most out of his situation in houston, but lets dont get it twisted. Kmart has came in and has done exactly what harden has done production wise.. so calm down.. as long as we have KD and RW0 we will be just fine.
For-Petes-Sake::False, because OKC is the opposite of NYK.  OKC improves while Knicks always regress.   1 win at MSG and this clown thinks NY are the CHAMPS.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::all true except 2010 we didnt make it out the first round.. but still lost to champs
For-Petes-Sake::Oops, now i remember.  We were an 8th seed to 1 seed LA.  Surprising that i forgot that.
phunky58::Lamb gettn screwed in this whole harden deal.  one of the best looking rookies behind lillard cant even get any minutes now. its a shame
Willadunn::i couldnt agree more....
Murphy312517::ESPN thinks the Lakers are better than the Thunder still. LMAO
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::sounds bout right for espn
phunky58::they lost their minds then
OmniVersal::And to use the Harden doubter's own argument. Have Westbrook do that with a good team then we'll talk. Cause we've all seen what happens lol
For-Petes-Sake::Question:  Last season when Westbrook took more shots than KD, and opposing fans complained with NO END, wheere did it take OKC??
For-Petes-Sake::How far did your team go?
OmniVersal::Same as yours and that's not getting a title lol
OmniVersal::Losing with no title!
bojo87::Looks like we lost badly... Then noticed batum scored 3. Good defense, inconsistency, I don't care, you're the #2 option... For now. You need to get at least 10-15 a night
BEastChamps2013::What a bad situation for Jeremy Lamb. OKC should trade him because they have Martin and Thabo. He is not going to get any playing time and it will hinder his development. He had a good situation in Houston, leading scorer in their summer league, and now he is relegated to 1 minute playing time.
jc_sooner::He's a rookie
jc_sooner::If he's good enough, then he'll play... Okc is not in the business to develop players... He is playing for a championship caliber team... If u are looking for him to get 15-20 mins a game simply because he did ok in summer league, it won't happen
BEastChamps2013::Gee, ya think? He's a lottery pick though. He needs to get PT or trade him.
khufstetler3::Obvious guy is obvious
timetodienow1234567::KD played good, but it was because he wasn't defended very well. Batum &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; Leonard.
jc_sooner::Durant dominated Leonard too
lakers2013champsz::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcNFqOl6oRs kevin durant is a beast, enjoy KD fans, and lil b fans
GR77GR77::From a third person point of view, I find that Thunder fans are for the most part truly class acts.   They are loyal to the team, they don't complain or panic about early season losses unlike the Lakers/Heat fans.   It's hard not to root for the Thunder.  I also think that Sam Presti made a great trade leaving the team flexible for the long term.
PlayaMade5::This would be a way better team if they would've kept Harden and traded Westbrook.
big_east27::i actually agree with playa, i do like Martin and think he will fit in perfectly with OKC. Westbrook should not be taking more shots than KD though
asrosar::Do you not think Durant would put an end to this "fan" issue if he thought there was any truth to it? Or Brooks wouldn't pull him aside and be "wtf RW"?  They signed him to a deal, I personally believe that's how they want RW to play, or he wouldn't have gotten a long term deal, and probably would have been traded...I realize Durant shooting 50% and getting close to 30 a game off 18 shots (averages last year) you'd think why not shoot more? But people tend to shy away from doubling him a lot because of RW...they both benefit each other RW just isn't as consistent yet, I think he should continue to get better but if you're winning games who cares who shoots more?
jc_sooner::That's a tired argument that no longer has any merit whatsoever
FirstAndVeryLong::You are a silly individual.
jc_sooner::Wrong
DucksRUNpac12-v2.0::Wow....story of Nic Batums career. 2 nights after scoring 26 he shoots 1-11 and scores 3 pts.......dude is so in-consistant its not even funny.
FirstAndVeryLong::before you go bullying him he was forced alot of bad shots too it was good D. That happens in games
BasketballTensai::Did Westbrook bully KD or something? Since when did he have the bowls to actually take more shots than the 3-time NBA leading scorer? It's kinda annoying.
amiller244::Why does Thabo Sefolosha start over Kevin Martin?
Westjag::According to who??
asrosar::Because no one would score off the bench if they didn't split them up...They literally have 3 scorers, RW, KD and Martin...after that its a crap shoot for who is going to show up offensively, none of there bench guys are extremely consistent.
SGO DucksnBlazers::Balance out the first and second units with scoring and defense. You don't want to have all your scoring in the starters if you have someone who can hold their own in the starting line-up like Sefolosha. Unfortunately the Blazers do not have someone like that right now, so they have to start all of there good scorers
gottem43::17 reb and 7 ast for durant, nice. Hope he keeps it up.
Archbob1::K-Mart can produce points, its the defense that Harden brought that will be missed.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::I seem Martin may great D last night. Heck he stole the ball a few times to. The coaches will have him playing better D. Remember how bad the whole team was on D 2 seasons ago. Perk helped in changing that around to.
Ya Boy Jimsta::Westbrook played 8 minutes less than Durant but took 10 more shots. Thats not a championship formula.
asrosar::please state how many championships you have won...did you watch the game? Or do you just look at boxscores and spout off knowledge.
vonsteve6868::Have to admit, KMart is doing better for you guys than I thought he would. Still don't miss him though. But I do think you guys have a gem with Lamb.
jorgii05::his numbers will increase?...... dude harden is playing like a superstar right now, the best player in the league atm hitting 60+% FG but more important his making all his teamates better, however its only 2 games so hes not God yet.
ixjunitxi::THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107, just because you dont have KD and Westbrook doesn't mean the ball will go in the hoop lol. The guy is hitting 60%+ FG
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Lmao after just 2 games y'all are call him a superstar. And yes his #'s have increased because there is no KD or Westbrook on his team. Anyone with a brain sees that. Oh let's see if he stays healthy now being the guy.
BlueSh1rt::Martin is only a small part of what OKC got in exchange for Harden.  Harden is ripping it up early for the Rockets but can he carry them all year?  Love Harden and wish him the best as a player but let's face it. Houston took OKC's third option and made him the focus of their whole team. Of course his numbers will increase. No Durant or Westbrook on his team now.
FirstAndVeryLong::For the record best part of the game was Jeremy Lamb quietly stepping on to the court when the game was pretty much tied up and buries one of the more beautiful 3 point shots I have seen in a while. Fun stuff to witness.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::The game was not tied up, Thunder was up by 7, his 3 made it up by 10.
BEARTIMZ::If you see a replay after he buried the shot he closed his eyes and said thank you...classic... funny but classic
BlueSh1rt::In a loss in game 1, Eric Maynor buried a 75 foot buzzer beater at halftime.
Mr Calogero::OKC &gt; Lakers
BlueSh1rt::Said Captain Obvious......
FirstAndVeryLong::IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII AM THE TAG TEAM CHAMPIONS!!
Rip City Forever::Who the hell is going to beat Miami now! Dam okc why?
cock2222::clippers will  own the heats $@% trust
FirstAndVeryLong::Fair point, shows OKC will see them there I suppose.
FirstAndVeryLong::Miami?
BlueSh1rt::Please make a case for ANY team in the east getting past Miami.
FirstAndVeryLong::After tonights performance whos to say they are making it to the finals?
BlueSh1rt::Who are you talking about?
BlueSh1rt::See post below?
BlueSh1rt::Western Conference will be OKC vs. Spurs (Lakers = aging superstars with no bench)  Eastern Conference will be Heat vs. Who Cares (No legitimate competition for Miami)  So, we all sit and argue for 82 games and in the end.....  OKC makes the finals a little more interesting than last year but still lose again to Miami in the Finals 4 games to 3.
BEastChamps2013::Hmmm, Miami just got spanked by NY last night. Miami is hardly unbeatable. LeBron wins his first tile and you all think he is the cats meow now. LOL
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::They still hate on him, all the F'ups don't go away with a title.
BlueSh1rt::LeBron haters sure are quiet these days. LMFAO.  How long until Derrick Rose is lost for the season due to injury?
FirstAndVeryLong::Lebron hates himself.
Kobelies247::1-11 = 50mill?   This organization flat out SUCKS!
DaveOK69::Good game Portland! Look forward to seeing you in the semis.
Kobelies247::Ya most of the blazer players will be watching the playoffs from the stands.....
BlueSh1rt::True. The over/under for Portland wins according to Vegas is 33. They are not ready.
whythetears84::the title of the recap should be Westbrook took double the amount of shots to win the game... Poor Durant he is just another side player and will not be a mvp as long as Westbrick is chucking up shots this is gonna be a chucking interesting year
BlueSh1rt::Yeah, I feel sorry for Durant. It sucks when someone else can take over the game and let you relax for a while with no pressure. Westbrook hater. Russell had a great game but apparently he can't win no matter what he does. He has a bad game at the Spurs and they lose the first game so it's all his fault.  He goes off against the Blazers and he's hogging the spotlight from Durant. Stupid fans.
Mets2410::*will not be a mvp as long as lebron is around. and also westbrook shot 54% so I don't see why you're complaining
BaySports226::Brandon Roy is already day to day with sore knees...  Sad.  Hope it gets better for him.
chavezscott04@gmail.com::He held up fine tonight. Played 30 mins most on the team. the day to day is something they are gonna post alot this year because of his past. if hes feeling bad they will keep him out. The Wolves are deep. He said he feels fine:)
crimson-knights123::Good game Blazer fans.
mingz03::As a Blazer fan with less expectation than usual, I'm really looking forward to watching a young stud impress all season. Lillard for ROY.
theGLOVEandtheREIGNMAN::SAC vs. MIN board 2535 comments  POR vs. OKC board 1533 comments
paul5374::you make fun of fair weather fans coleyuco, yet you are one
Coleyuco::I'm glad the fair weather fans are gone for awhile.
amiller244::Seriously, a Cowboys, Broncos, Saints and Rams fan? Do you just pick the one who's has the best record to root for?
mac1275::Harden is an awesome player, but he wasn't necessary to OKC's success.  OKC just needed a good shooter coming off the bench and weren't willing to pay Harden nearly as much as Houston.  Both teams in the Rockets Thunder trade got what they needed in my opinion, and who knows, Lamb may turn into something great as well.  Only time will tell.
Kmacman::And don't forget the draft picks.  OKC could parlay those into whatever they might need at any time.
soupies697::looks like hes the joker now, huh?
Gods illa::OKC fan here and I agree .. Harden needs to be batman to be elite and in OKC harden wasn't even robin .. He was Alfred
dwilliams0123456789@gmail.com::AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA...POOR!!!   POOR!!!  POOR ALFRED....
bwp2bruce::Lot's of whining from Thunder fans here. Houston boards have 5000+ comments. OKC used to generate 5000+ comments. That means all the OKC fans flocked there.
FirstAndVeryLong::I was writing  a paper on logic this week, and you...you sir just defied it.
