Awakenbeing::Lakers barely beat the mighty pistons and gets front page
JCDish::"Eat that haters"  -Pau
NuthinButSweat::the last time three players from the same team started together in an All-Star Game was 1990 when the Lakers were repped by Magic, Worthy and Green (the Virgin).  I can't really remember a time in my life (I'm friggin' old) that the Lakers weren't relevant to this League.
CHEIII::1991-1992 season to 1994-1995 season.
NuthinButSweat::let it go..
HoUnD-DaWg22::The ignorancy, it's too high...
NuthinButSweat::I guess it depends on which side of the fence you are on.  I am a LAKER fan so... I could care less what people say-we still run the NBA
NuthinButSweat::don't mean to come down on you but "ignornancy" is a word that only an ignorant person would try to pass off as an actual word.
HoUnD-DaWg22::i dont really care to be honest with you, i just hate reading all these comments about the lakers that people say. its just annoying.
Carlosisgone::I hate Stephen A Smith. Dude is doing everything he can to convince Dwight to leave.
berdosux::WHo cares?  If he is dumb enough to listen to the "flava flav" of ESPN, then I wouldnt want him
Ray Allen GOAT 3 2.0::Kobe 5 assists.. Impressive
Elibird::Maybe you need to check some stats and see exactly how many Non-PG's average 4+ APG
LeeFortier::wow.. t.u.r.d. is now a curse word
LeeFortier::very impressive for a shooting guard, you are correct. Hope the position rreference didn't confuse you. I assume you understand the game and are not one of those who simply live to act like a $@%!.
Victoryisallmine::The Lakers Barely Beat the Pistons...
berdosux::a win is a win is a win.
Phantom Stranger80::Just heard on the radio that Paul Pierce is being traded to the Lakers for Pau Gasol and Steve Blake.  Press conference this afternoon.
midwestlakeshow::Can't tell if that is sarcasm or not...what's the source? Not sure that is a good trade for LAL.
Phantom Stranger80::Nothing's been announced due to salary issues.
desmond240::really
madrigaljuan24::Lakers suck, they'll be lucky if they even get to the playoffs
midwestlakeshow::Yes...all teams that make it to the playoffs are lucky. They have been lucky 16 time world champions. They suck so bad.
BoomShaka.::OK kids, it's been fun -- on to Crooklyn
too legit too quit lol::I love how everyone is making fun of the Lakers. It will be even sweeter when we hoist the Lombardi trophy again and watch the haters eat crow.
Phantom Stranger80::The Lakers are joining the NFL?
Dont Hate Me Because I Can Out Fish You::Laker leads in the 4th quarter are disappearing faster than a donut in front of a cop!
FTLakerFan::Howard and Kobe cannot co-exist, the Lakers have to make a decision, on top of that, Howard hates damtoni, and probably wont sign if he isnt fired, so now what do the Lakers do, jimmy wont admit he made a mistake in hiring damtoni so he probably stays, which means howard probably wont sign.  I say trade Howard for a big guy that can play defense and rebound, doesnt have to be a guy who can score, just have to be able to clog the middle.
chukhustle::trade Blake, howard to the pacers for Paul goerge  George hill, roy hibbert
desmond240::every where howard goes he seems to have problems, he is not the corner stone for this franchise. do you remember when Jim thought that about Bynum
Saints8365::Nice win.
Bill GOAT potus::I expected the Lakers to lose this one. They should have. The Pistons should have won, but it counts in the standings the same. 0-3 for the the rest of the trip.
Lakers243peaat::LAkers are 3 games out of 8th with half the season remaining. Think they wont catch the rockets??? LMAO
JiMBOII11::Really? Only two got selected
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::5 have been all stars at one point in their careers.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::They won't. LOL and they're fighting for an 8th spot with 5 all stars on thier team.
dplunk18::Metta looks like he could be a pretty effective boxer during holding and clutching
v1rocketww2::Artest is one of the dumbest jack holes I can remember in the nba. I can't wait till he is gone from the league.
desmond240::off our team would do
World B. Xpensive::As Kobe's FG% sinks slowly in the West, we bid another season good night.
herradler40330::cheap shot world peace had to back away when piston players his own size wantd a piece of him, what a coward!
herradler40330::did anyone see world peace uppercut brandon knight?? he is a a$$hole who need his teeth knocked in!
AustinOldham33::That's the Pau we want to see! -- Laker fans  Wait til Dwight comes back.  That's the Kobe we want to see! -- Laker haters
mccoy3181::The Lakers beat a weak Pistons team by 1 point.  They suck.  They will lose the next two games.  They are not consistent at all.
BoomShaka.::Wow -- the Super Bowl is the only thing that could keep the haters away.....who'd a thunk it?
BoomShaka.::This game was about as pretty as Susan Boyle in a string bikini -- but the Lakers need "W"s so we'll take it.
steve mctowelie::thanks for the mental image.
JCDish::I just got in. Serious question, How many games do the Lakers have to win from this point on when they are at 22-26, to get into the playoffs?
mannyfan2803::They have to go at least 22 - 12 the rest of the way to have a chance at the 8th spot.
BoomShaka.::I'd say even 23 wins -- I don't think the 8th seed will go any lower than 45 wins this year.
jeff050578::Only Laker fans can take wins against the Timberwolves and Pistons to mean they are back on top. Laker fans need to relax and let their team beat a few good teams before they start claiming they are for real.
BoomShaka.::"back on top"?  I just don't want the Suns to get a lottery pick.
jstarnes0434::you mean like Utah and Oklahoma City?
AustinOldham33::At home? After a back to back and 5 straight road games for OKC?
Ustna9::Kobe doing everything he can to make sure no one breaks his ALLTIME NBA LEADING career brick record.
Mambaholic 33::Maybe Fish can borrow it at times - not having one to put next to his 5 rings
Qzhoopin20::Yeah, that all-time brick trophy will look nice on the shelf amongst his 5 rings!
RogerHarries::Lol loser bringing up the ring argument. They won it inspite of his bricks not because of it.
Mambaholic 33::Was there ever a doubt
ISmackedKobe::Lakers to get smacked down in Brooklyn and Boston this week....
ruiz_luis::What the idiots said would happen with Utah, okc, Minnesota and so on
justin567655::22-28 after the next two games
ISmackedKobe::Lakers to lose next 2 games without any doubts ! Yay...drop down to 12th place in the west
Mole49ers::we're only 16 games behind san antonio.  we got this.
SenorFastball::Lakers are back!
didyougetthememookur::The Lakers should keep Gasol, and trade Howard for some talented role players.
chukhustle::Trade blake, howard, Jamison, to the pacers. Paul George, George hill roy hibbert.
lakers2013champszszs::breaking news: dwight will play tuesday
Dirty-Diaper::Kobrick is starting to surface again, beware Laker fans.
brothertin9394::That's the Gasol we want to see!!!
jtv360::"George Karl gave me my break" - Earl Clark
Lakers Are Forever::His stock is riaing. That's for sure. We need to keep  Stringing wins together. It's the only way.
NASH_10::Good job Lakeshow. It's a good sign to have your main defensive player out, and the team comes up with a W - regardless of how ugly it was. Not so long ago, the other teams were getting the breaks and coming up with the W. We'll take this :)
cats_beat_bulls::1 PT WIN VS PISTONS  :(
jtv360::Why can't this team hang on to their big leads? Somebody's gotta tell them to slow down, we have an 18 pt lead, stop shootin' in 8 sec., get stops at least every other play and coast our way to a win. This team sucks!
chukhustle::Bc defense's will make adjustment to the offense. So the offense must adjust to the defense.
jtv360::They have to have 2 game plans, one to speed up the game to get that big lead and, two, to slow it down and protect that lead. The Spurs do that all the time. This Laker team reminds me a lot of the '04 Suns they always let you back in the game 'cause they only play one way.
lgclugo::how do you tell a team that they have an 18 point lead and to stop playing the way that got them that lead?
Baby J.Cole::Lakers will be over .500 before the AS game  FACT
lakerz rock::<b>OMG, Baby J. Cole returns after an absence following a loss and a couple of victories over sub .500 teams ... how consistent!  You, sir, are the definition of a 'fair weather fan'</b>
lakerz rock::yes, i know, and he denies his disappearance every time once he returns
huskers0717::You will NEVER see him here after a Laker loss.
Dwyane Wade is a poor mans Gabe Pruitt::FALSE!!!
Jimmy Buss is a cancer::starting lineup when Dwight comes back:  PG - Nash SG - Kobe SF - Clark PF - Pau  C - Dwight  Metta coming off bench.
lgclugo::doubtful.  Clark doesn't really defend as well as Ron.
howdytharrr::hey you suck what a shame
lakers2013champszszs::g.o.a.t. list 1.kobe 2.jordan 3.magic
russianshoulders::flagged this for stupidity!
hazmatsuits::Top 5 teams 2010: Cavs Magic Lakers Mavs Suns  While the Knicks, Clippers, Nets &amp; Warriors didn't come anywhere near the playoffs, friggin crazy how fast the landscape changes.
f0shoo::THINK PASS KOBE.
basketballdiaries::That was close!
smartstud26::Da Lakers will not get in playoffs ok? Worst 4th qtr team in league OMG can they choke
