Sub15---------------::<span><br><p style="text-align: center;"><span style="text-decoration: blink;"><br> <strong>COYOTES ARE GAY! LOL!</strong> <br><br><br> </span></p></span>
yeahgodisgood2me::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone that is looking for a system that actually works. There is a reason this system is all over Google as highly rated, it works
Psychrates::I'm beginning to wonder if we can catch the Bobcats...
GOSKP 2.5::Not them but maybe NO and WSH
Psychrates::I'm kiddin, but yeah that mighta been something to see.
itsatrap123::That's a bit low but then again nothing's impossible. Too bad we couldn't see Jimmer vs Kemba last year.
Psychrates::The master plan is working. Never been happer to lose to a cr app ier team.
johnnyx2011::Kings are tanking to get a better lottery pick......HellllllllllllllllllllllllllYeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SFEST13::Hassan showed his WHITESIDE and got his 1 minute of PT
SaintsNO9::haha the kings suck
SaintsNO9::we had 4 starters out. ariza, jack, gordon, okafor
GOSKP 2.5::says a Hornets fan who lose 3 of 4 to SAC?
SaintsNO9::me too...
kfilter::we are getting closer to him
GOSKP 2.5::I want MKG
SaintsNO9::yeah at this point both these teams should be playing for ping pong balls
GOSKP 2.5::Yeah I wasn't that upset for a loss
SaintsNO9::lol i wanted them to lose to the kings. the kings have much more talent they should beat the hornets 3-4
GOSKP 2.5::chad you here?
SaintsNO9::yeah, did u bring season 2 of family guy?
screwhead2305::why does Cousins not get as many touches with Thornton in the lineup.. offense should go thru cousins
lMlike::Well Coach Smart isnt the answer. The Maloofs are just not committed to this franchise. If they were, they would try to get a better coach, one with at least a winning record. It doesn't even have to be a big profile coach, just somebody that won as a college coach or somebody like Sloan that has worked for small market teams... I think one more high draft pick, somebody that can defend and score consistently rather chucking up tons of shots.(Thorton, Jimmer, Evans) And we'll finally move from 30th in the league defense to maybe 15. If we can get there, we'll be able to maybe make the playoffs. But knowing the kings, they'll probably blow the pick on some crap bust player thats pure offense.
asoltanizad::yeah but IT got drafted 60th and is given respect because of his hard work and good pg skills but as for the lottery pick jimmer he has proven to be nothing but a player who shoots alot and cant do anything defensively
mmchan32::you say that Jimmer chucks up a lot of shots? Do you realize that IT shot the same number of shots as him today and made the same percentage. If you are talking about people chucking up a lot of shots i think you need to include almost all of this team.
Ireland297::Why isnt Gordan playing??? Whats he crying about now? Shheesh Hes made of glasss
REVRAND2::The kings are the biggest disappointment in the NBA
Atkifle::Kings can't even buy a 3. Terrible team.
phunky58::whats up with thomas for sacramento did he get hurt or something??
chadwi12::no he played tons, his stats just looked like that of a injury line
sklater::His stats were similar to Jimmer's seasons average
GOSKP 2.5::Kings tank, trying to get AD or MKG
kfilter::hopefully we can!!
Double it up::Sorry Hornets thanks for giving the Wizards a 2 1/2 game lead!!!
JoeBoxer249::thanks Hornets... The wiz need all the help they can get
tigerlive::that doesn't matter, what matters is who Stern wants to rig the lottery for
musixmajor::any chance the kings come back? LOL
Double it up::Believe me the Kings are not as bad as the Bobcats... They are horrrrrible
SB4LlFE::lol at drafting fredette at #10 and not developing him... too bad he sucks
sccfan352::you talk as if hie was drafted based solely what he could do on the court
mmchan32::well he was national player of the year
chadwi12::he doesnt suck, his team/coach does... simple as that... smart has to play streetball because there is no hope of more than two passes and a shot.... sacramento is purgatory for effective basketball
GOSKP 2.5::Kings tank on purpose
Atkifle::quite possibly the worst team in the league are the Kings. Yes as bad as the Bobcats. Defensively they are the worst.
GOSKP 2.5::Not true at all
SB4LlFE::bobcats have been tanking from the beginning... while the kings tried and sucked as bad as the bobcats
tigerlive::I think you have to be a different kind of bad to get on the level of the Bobcats
SB4LlFE::truth!
SB4LlFE::what's wrong with being simple? you like being complicated?
aaaa20::<b>Only Truth is Ur a SIMPLEBOY4LIFE...haha...     </b>
chadwi12::this is what i think makes me think smart uses fredette as a scape goat..... fredette gets no chance to get a groove out there. with the exception of a few starts earlier in the year, and the last 3 or 4 games lately... but tonight, and really all year,  every other player gets multiple chances to make mistakes... obviously... look at the score and look at the record.... yet in this sec half like so many before it, fredette struggles for one min, and he is out......its pretty obvious this guy has issues with certain players.... jeremy lin gets away from this joker, and goes bonkers, same with hickson. i just want to see fredette get a shot away from keith smart.. if he doesnt succeed at that point ill bow out of the race... but ive seen too much unfair ish from this guy to think its all happenstance........
kcisney BYU::Fact: Whoever loses this game is the real winner. In that case... go Hornets?
tigerlive::Hornets only have one more win than Washington too
tigerlive::That's the downside. Well At least I liked Tyreke and Marcus in college
SB4LlFE::kings = bottom dwellers for the next decade
SB4LlFE::why would i be mad because the kings suck? hahahaha
SB4LlFE::*yawn* don't get mad when it's the truth
aaaa20::<b>U MAD? SIMPLEBOY4LIFE...;-)</b>
aaaa20::<b>Pathetic kid in his parent's basement doesn't have a team. SIMPLEBOY4LIFE...lol..:-)</b>
Aaron.Rob::Care to share your favorite team?
Vic1969Hello::FREE to Enter $250 Prize Fantasy NBA Leagues Every Day! Pick Your FREE Teams Now http://bit.ly/ESPNGAMESNBA
ShaneP504::Geaux Hornets
tigerlive::hopefully they keep it up
itsatrap123::Just checked in. This does not sound good at all.
chadwi12::ugggggghhhhhh
SB4LlFE::lol at the kings... so f@cking pathetic... losing to the hornets
aaaa20::<b>You are a f@cking pathetic azzwipe :-)</b>
SB4LlFE::azzwipe, yes you are
chadwi12::double requires a little inside out action...
tigerlive::I can't wait till next year when I can root for the Hornets and not know they are better off losing. I can't root against them, but we can catch Washington
chadwi12::obviously not working smart.. why are u sticking with it
chadwi12::cousins has quit
chadwi12::cousins should be forced to watch the effort and energy that he's putting forth tonight on tape tomorrow
Why This Kolaveri Di::<strong>lol EPIC FAIL. <a href="http://hoopsgrind.com/2012/04/11/wednesday-gameday-observations-41112/">http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYqGK2s6vW4</a> </strong>
BLazEdTrailerz::Gotta stream other than Fristrow? It's showing lakers v. spurs on the King's link
greenhornet21784::Dido...anyone?
chadwi12::thorton is playing excellent tonight
TyrekeTheKing13::good to see
TyrekeTheKing13::nice kings
jaredjeepin::what's up with the big 0 on IT?
TyrekeTheKing13::hasnt shot much.. will score eventually
itsatrap123::Five assists though. Still finding a way to contribute.
chadwi12::i love how thomas sincerely roots for fredette when he's on the bench....  thats something that i just have not genuinely seen from thorton or evans... those two in all honesty are the only kings players i truly dislike... they are selfish.... i hate selfish... basketball is so fun when a team plays like a team, and those two are always playing for their selves. at times it seems they make efforts to change, but they always revert back...  cousins can be a black hole to, but he is a big, and its much easier to deal with from a big.. especially a young big.. he'll learn to give it up as time goes by
tigerlive::the fans would welcome Thorton home
TyrekeTheKing13::true but evans and thornton are still young.. doesnt mean they will change but they still have time
jaredjeepin::thorton or evans are gone i think after this season
tigerlive::Marcus has always had a tendency to shoot too much. Going back to LSU
tigerlive::Geaux Hornets
TyrekeTheKing13::hornets shot amazingly.. can it keep up?
BLazEdTrailerz::2 words.  King's...Defense.
TyrekeTheKing13::yep
TyrekeTheKing13::tyreke triple double
chadwi12::he sure flushed that triple my friend earl dean
EarlDean60::I could give a $@%! about jimmer, it you idiots I hate, $@%!$@% morons
chadwi12::its funny how things u can say behind the comfort of ur keyboard would actually get ur teeth knocked out in person.... id rather have a kid with a good hearts back as opposed to being nothing more than a complete and utter hater... simple as that.... i may be a big time fredette fan, but i have never seen anyone hate a player like u have... its unreal... i see u on multiple sites, just hating....  im really curious how it became such a level of hatred..
chadwi12::be careful tyreketheking13 if king fans see u in agreement with anything i say, u may be exiled. lol.... u have always been one of my fav kings fans, dont tell nobody...
TyrekeTheKing13::your stupid
EarlDean60::Jesus, now isn't that sickening
TyrekeTheKing13::dnt worry haha people hate on you but what you say about fredette is true... the kings arent a great fit.. but hopefully overtime they wil get better less selfish players
EarlDean60::His legacy, three points. He can retire now and go back to Utah with his girl Chad.
BLazEdTrailerz::His gf looks like a 12 year old.
BLazEdTrailerz::Awesome. He's doing what he's supposed to.
TyrekeTheKing13::yes he did
Holla City Of Squala::No one here knows what happened to Greivis...  Man...
tigerlive::I think we have had so many injuries this season, that they don't even mention them anymore
chadwi12::nice look... man i cant wait til he gets on a team where he can run the show
chadwi12::not when he's got ur mom on dooty duty for him
cpwiggins7589::That's classic!
EarlDean60::He can't flush the toilet for himself
Holla City Of Squala::Can someone tell me why Vasquez isn't playing too much?  He get hurt???  (Worried about my fantasy team - ha).
chadwi12::williams wil at least give it up to him
panther000004::check it our if youre a basketball fan.....    http://www.youtube.com/user/Se7enLivess/videos
j3asays::lets be honest now,    Jimmer &lt; Adam Morrison
