Bullsaretherealdeal.::TAJ-E-WOO!!!!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMG6pa8KbJw
timh651::Ricky Rubio Tears ACL - How Will They Move On? - http://www.WolveSwag.com
Kskate2::Wildcats in trouble late.  Down by 4 to Vandy in the SEC champ w/ 43 ticks left.
Apakalypse085::I was really impressed the way the Bulls came out battling despite having 3 starters out and 1 of the best 6th men. Glad to see Butler get some good minutes. He looked really good on both sides of the ball.
fairandbalanced00::HEATvsBULLS on wednesday. Would it be a close game or chicago in a landslide? Tough to call
Erica6592::If you actually WATCH a bulls game or basketball in general, the key to a PG getting an assist  is that his teamates have to MAKE baskets! Oh, and btw the Bulls lead the NBA in assists as a team sooo uh try again!
Erica6592::lmao He is dishing the ball.....he is averaging more assists than last season! I know your a heat fan but get your facts straight!
yardog59::Try not to use Heat Fan and Facts in the same sentence.
fairandbalanced00::Still both teams wll be motivated for this game, and yes bulls don't want to be 0-2, Boozer better step up for games that really matter or else.
meshortbusspecial::I suggest a new course of action for you.  before you post here again, watch an actual Bulls game.  I hear that actually watching games makes one's analysis or commentary far more credible.  Failing that, consider climbing out from under the rock you must be living beneath.
Apakalypse085::Yup, 13 assists=ball hog.
Dancing_Chalupa::No chance buddy. DRose is a pure ball hog. No trust at all in his team. If he needs to make a basket to tie or take the lead at the end of the game against Miami, he will run in, curl the ball with his right arm, take 5 steps, jump in the air, turn sideways, make sure he runs into someone, than hope the refs give him a ghost foul.
duke of early bird::rose needs to play unselfish!  if he does this especially down the stretch  they have a chance, if not it will be the same old story!
sumbrownkid::He did good the past two games.
Kskate2::Agree.  Booze needs to drop serious digits this week.
Kskate2::Heat will be playing the 2nd game of back-to-back against ORL.  I don't think it will be a landslide.  It will be close, but I think the Bulls will step up and do their best to win this game.  They don't want to go 0-2 this season against MIA.
AdamSaidThis::Thing that ALWAYS worries me about playing a team on a massive freefall like the Knicks?  They will actually play up to their talent one of these upcoming games...would not like to see them get THAT game tomorrow.
Erica6592::Yeah, trap games scare me!
Kskate2::True.  But it will be harder to bring it tomorrow night in a back-to-back game.  They really had an opportunity today at home and just got blitzed by Philly.
Kskate2::Knicks lose 106-94 to Philly w/ Amare and Melo sitting on the bench late in the 4th.  Lin shot poorly and the TO by the whole team put them in the hole early in the 3rd.  They have lost 5 in a row now and play the Bulls tomorrow night at the UC.
marting260::anybody watchin the early knicks game??
Kskate2::I am.  Philly crushing NY on the road.  Knicks down by 20 w/ 9 min left in game.  Lots of TO for Knicks and Philly has killed them.  Big game by Lou Williams, has about 26 points so far.
southridge305::hope deng and rip can get healthy and make this push for top seed exciting with heat. good game last night from some bench players and mainly boozer. i say the east finals will be determine who wins the battle between bosh and boozer, rebounds, getting to free throw line, defense over all, and thre point shooting. both teams have good three point specialist. if i was coah thib, i prepare to be without rip  come playoff time and who do the bulls prefer to play first round out of the knicks and boston? as heat fan i prefer to play knicks so we can get pay back on chandler. that would be the most watch 1 vs 8th seed game in the history of the nba
southridge305::if korver can be more consistent than bulls will be deadly for they would need him to hit big shots when the defense collaspe on rose. heat will not let rose beat them, they would make boozer, noah, deng, korver and rip if he is playing beat them
sumbrownkid::I think the ECF is coming down to who has the legs to keep going.
Doneebear::Last night's game was amazing to watch---with half the bench unavailable to play the way the Bulls did, you had to be in awe the job that was accomplished---Kyle Kover was unreal!
phunky58::knicks up next, they concern me aat times.   if d' antoni puts the right lineup in there they aree real tough but he is scared to do that because he doesn't want melo butthurt.   so we should be fine
Recornmended by ESPN::http://rnsnbc.com/headlines/latest_news/limousine
Jamie5731::If the Bulls can get games like this from Boozer on a regular then they go be hard to beat in a 7 game series
PlayerPresident1::Jazz East wins!
miguel151551::uls looking great! Just need Rose to improve his shooting, stop mosssing layups and control his TO'S.. 6 is way to much!!!
adavisrc09::Rose doesn't miss wide open lay-ups (See Rondo vs Rockets) he misses those layup through heavy traffic
AdamSaidThis::THIRTEEN ASSISTS. 2.75 assist to 1 turnover ratio for the season.  Rose's passing is not, has not, nor will it be...an issue.
marting260::luckily rose isnt lin lol....it gunna happen but just not on a daily basis i know that for sure..rose improved alot
phunky58::rose will be just fine. ive seen him play too rough games this year and i swear something was wrong either he was dead tired or he was in a lot of pain cuz he wasn't himself.
53Kevin::Kinda hard to do that when the ball is in your hands 95% of the time.Rose will be just fine.
Yo11Centerfield9::He handles the ball quite well.  6 TO's is an aberration.
miguel151551::I hope! We turn the ball over that much vs the heat and we're done!!
53Kevin::Lets clear this up,not stating that Heat fans are $@%!$'s but Heat Trolls.The difference between a Troll and fan are Trolls only come when we lose,don't give credit in a basketball sense,just throw's garbage on here,and never discuss the game of Basketball,just discuss garbage.Fans,appreciate the game of basketball and the talent that is in the NBA.Not come on here and throw topic less garbage.The only reason I would even go to a Heat board and say something like Lebron sucks is when I see a Heat Troll on here dissing Rose.Knowing he is a great player.If the Trolls keep it up ,I refuse to stop.
Athletic_Trainer::Heat fan here. Totally impressed with the Bulls win last night. Short 4 players, including 2 of their top 3, they still blew out the Jazz.
53Kevin::Most that come here are Heat Trolls,but i can tell a lifelong Heat fan from the days of Steve Smith when I see one,A_T ,you fit the script.The rest of you Heat Troll Bums that come on here and slang your trash at us are just May of 2010 Heat fans.Following Lebron like the pide piper.
GBM04::You know Heat fans, we complain about people hating on our team but then you come here and do the same thing?
53Kevin::ALL HEAT TROLLS ARE    P.U.S.S.Y.S.!
Jaguarcrazyboy::Very good nice win. Bulls didn't beat the Jazz,, They destroyed em!
j8shwa::THIS SHOULD PROVE WHY THE BULLS SHOULD TRADE FOR HOWARD!  Essentially they were playing w/o all the guys it would take to get him...and still dominated.  TRADE THE FOOLS ALREADY!
GBM04::The teams core would be Howard,Rose and Boozer.They would be dominant.
Kskate2::But what would the bench be then?  If you trade Taj, Noah and Deng who's going to rebound for the Bulls when the starters come out?
Jaywashing::1. It's one game 2. It's the Jazz 3. If the Bulls can find a way to maintain Boozer's big production (yeah, I know it might be unlikely; these next couple games will tell me a lot), Howard wouldn't be worth the dismantling of the team's core. If Booz could actually be a legitimate second option and dominate for small periods at a time...It gets my a'ss wet just thinking about what this team could accomplish.
tonyssoprano::The Bulls can beat the Heat with the Players they have. They have built a Great team and dont need to trade half their team for  Howard .
53Kevin::As for this Howard stuff,lets cut it.Howard has made it crystal clear that where he wants to go is to a team where it can be his team.It makes no sense why he would'nt wanna stay in Orlando.That team is pretty good.The weather is nice,and I've been there once but the City is beutiful.Howard,just stay put and quit jerking the chain of the Magic.
openminded43::HE'S RIGHT!!! You Chicago Homers just can't SEE IT!!! Not getting past the Heat with this crew!!! The Heat are vulnerable at the basket and yet you have NO BIG to take advantage of that and DOMINATE them inside at their biggest weakness!!! WAKE UP CLOWNS!!!
cyborgi312::this should prove y we should trade u you to another country
53Kevin::Lets not be mean to the ones that are actually discussing B-BALL.Lets just rip the Heat Trolls and all other Trolls that come on the Bulls board just to insult.The Heat Trolls never discuss B-Ball on here when they invade,they just come to throw their garbage.And it is fitting since they root for garbage and their city is garbage!
marting260::your smoking crack...if the bulls trade there core players..we have no hustle...deng does everything out there...noah has improved hes scoring and rebounding...boozers been having a better year this season...rose is always doin hes job...we need rip to be healthy and to get in shape so he can be that scoring option we need...we still have time to see if hel develop...we have 4 decent scorers in rose deng rip and boozer..and korver can give us those open 3s hes always hitting..and noah is all defense along with brewer and taj and asik...the key factor to go deep in the playoffs is boozer...he has to score in the paint and has to play defense...and rose to distribute just as much as he score...why trade your core that makes this team good for one player that cant even hit hes freethrows.
Jaywashing::"they don't know #$hit about the game"  Dissenting opinions always draw this remark and it's super goddamn annoying.
PlayerPresident1::exactly. as bulls fan, i wonder about other bulls fans sometime because they don't know #$hit about the game and what it takes to win.  if the bulls don't trade for howard or star 2 guard, then bulls won't make it out of the conference.  and a lot of bulls fans are going to wonder why.
Odens Knees::Because that guy who is only playing at 70% with no heart for the magic is still better than deng and noah combined.  Howard would play hard for a new team, but even he didn't, he'd still be worth the trade.
ttecza::Sorry, but I disagree.
marting260::man this win was impressive..no watson no rip..no deng..no noah..and we manage to stil win...im impressed with boozer hes been showing up to games booze is 32-50  in field goals last 3 games...now just to step up hes defense a little bit...korver man he redeemed himself from the magic game..he hit 6 threes..and rose is hes usual self..people who say hes just a scorer is wrong...this year hes been a distributor and a scorer..24points and 13 assist...and has been doin it on a nightly basis..cant wait til this team gets healthy...all that matters is the playoffs
53Kevin::Whats up 260,glad to c u on board.I saw u in da Heat chats earlier.LOL  In case you don't know who I am this is KJ from the NBA .com Bulls fan chat with ello,and the rest of the Bulls fans.
marting260::oh whats up man...yeah good win by the bulls
ttecza::As Rose goes, the Bulls go. D Rose hits his shots. The Bulls cruise to a win. Rose struggles, the games are close. If Rose can shoot close to 50%. it will not matter if Rip comes back. But, That's the demon. The Bulls need Rip.   Rose can not do it alone and he has to learn that. The Bulls have endured this lockout season as good as any team in the league. This game tonight, against Utah, showed that the Bulls can play under duress (injuries). The Bulls played cohesively and with a purpose. We had a chance to see Jimmy Butler get some good minutes. As difficult as this season has progressed. TT, has kept this team focused. After 43 games, the Bulls are sitting at the top of the league while battling injuries.  Go Bulls!
sumbrownkid::I think Thibs is sitting him until Miami visits.
vickyvnj::Haha, trolls. :D  We win, you lose. (As always.)  :D
marting260::ANYBODY HERE?
Nathan94713::I am.
Internet Tough Guy::V-Jax or Colston?
beardown197275::maybe maybe not remember tice had him in minnesota so he knows him and the hav a good relationship
beardown197275::i think we grab stepen hill in the draft and pick up either moss or v jax that way cutler has some weapons
jeff hester19::Moss is going to the Saints...
WindyCityAssassin777::what are you alls opinion on reggie wayne?
beardown197275::more than likely i dont think its a big market out there for wayne
Internet Tough Guy::i have a feeling wayne will go where manning goes.
WindyCityAssassin777::Ok i didnt really watch him this year just heard he had good numbers so I was thinking that might be a option
beardown197275::time to retire
Internet Tough Guy::But I'd be happy with either of them.  Haven't had a solid receiver since Moose.
Internet Tough Guy::I prefer Colston.  Bigger red zone target, better 3rd down receiver.  V-Jax is speedier, more big-play, more expensive.  Who knows when his speed starts to deteriorate though?
jeff hester19::alright i haven't paid much attention to definite games i just knew he was hurt...
Internet Tough Guy::v-jax has missed 21 over 7.  take away the 11 games he missed b/c of a holdout and he's missed... 10 games over 6 years lol.
Internet Tough Guy::he's missed 10 games over 6 years?  nothing major... i think he broke his thumb and that was the worst injury of his career.
jeff hester19::i like Colston...but he's hurt a lot and that is true
beardown197275::v jax
marting260::IS THERE ANYWHERE I CAN WATCH THE BULLS VS JAZZ..I MISSED IT TODAY
53Kevin::NBA 2K,because thats what it looked like.lol
Internet Tough Guy::cable replay tmrw?
jeff hester19::So Williams and Meacham or Garcon or just VJAX?
Internet Tough Guy::i think it's too soon to say mario williams is injury prone.  he's missed 14 games in 6 years so far...  Mike Brown was injury prone.
Internet Tough Guy::or cutler?
jeff hester19::not my opinion....just the opinion of the league if you get hurt often when you're young you may be injury prone
Internet Tough Guy::does that make urlacher injury prone?
jeff hester19::Urlacher isn't exactly young like Williams...if it happened when he was young he would be claimed that until he shakes it away
Internet Tough Guy::a torn pectoral makes him injury prone?
jeff hester19::hurt 2 years straight is injury prone
jeff hester19::i feel he's been hurt because of this so called bounty system thing going on or because of the double teams...he'd be getting single'd more often than not so i don't think he'd be injured too much in a Bears uni...i think Peppers was hurt more as a Panther than a Bear
WindyCityAssassin777::Yeah but the last two seasons he has been hurt but if healthy that would be great
WindyCityAssassin777::Mario williams is injury prone
jeff hester19::think of having him though...dominant and a Peppers replacement
marting260::I THINK ITS PRETTY CLEAR ROSE IS THE BEST POINT GUARD IN THE NBA!
Moto Jones::NOPE!!  D Will,Chris Paul,Rubio,Nash and Rondo&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Rose  Rose is an overrated PG
Odens Knees::You really think he destroyed paul?  The clippers D is no where near as good as chicago's.  Against the Bulls D, Paul shot 50% and had 14 assists.  Rose shot 8/14 and had 16 assists, a great game, but Rose doesn't put up that many assists ever really.  Paul is consistently double digit in assits.
53Kevin::Didn't your'e parents teach you to say no to drugs?
53Kevin::Head to Head,Rose destroyed all the ones you just named moto.go look it up then come back.
1bullsbears6::without a doubt
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::The difference between Tebow and Lin is that Tebow doesn't turn the ball over 6 times a game
Internet Tough Guy::how is the hype their faults?
jeff hester19::it''s not we just don't like the hype....
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::i hate them both, not because of the person but because of the hype
jcutler92::i agree
1bullsbears6::agree wit u totally
jeff hester19::same
Anti-Stratfordian::And Lin hasn't won a playoff game yet.
jeff hester19::really? that's what you had to say...come on not even good
jcutler92::i hate tebow
jeff hester19::it's cool just clarifying
1bullsbears6::thats wat i thought just stating my opinion
jeff hester19::it was a joke i just meant about the hype
1bullsbears6::i dont hate him at all...i hate the media around him who overhype him and i hate how sportscenter is always talking about him...but hes a good guy just not a good qb...but a good football player...he would be a good backup for any team
jeff hester19::people like him?
jeff hester19::did against the Bears or close enough and the Pats
jcutler92::I heard on the Waddle and Silvy show  a couple weeks ago  that Jay Cutler is going to be at the Bulls/Knicks game. Awesome
Joe the Plumber..::Heard Cutler was gonna wear a Ewing jersey lol.
marting260::HAHA NICE ONE
BringbackDtrain::heard spike lee might be there, never see that guy at knicks games lol
1bullsbears6::i used to love it wen reggie played the knicks at the garden
marting260::SPIKE LEE IS F U C K I N G ANNOYING..DOESNT THAT MIDGET EVER GET TIRED OF WATCHING HES TEAM LOSE
BringbackDtrain::peyton manning-arizona matt flynn-miami reggie wayne-arizona mario williams-jets
jeff hester19::idk about Mario but i'll believe the rest
Joe the Plumber..::My fellow Bears fans, who would you take Mario Williams or V-Jax?
Internet Tough Guy::I like the cut of Joe the Plumber's jig.
Joe the Plumber..::If they take Williams, they could draft a WR at 19 and pick up Colston or some other 2nd tier WR in FA.
Joe the Plumber..::I'd take Williams......imagine him opposite of Peppers    #crazyscary
1bullsbears6::rly cant argue that...either one would be a huge boost to the bears
jeff hester19::idk it's tough but probably V-Jax
jeff hester19::trust me i'd kill Emery if he does nothing i hope we don't get Colston he's always hurt i'd rather have Williams and then a guy like Meacham/Garcon who are decent and cheap
1bullsbears6::yea thats true...but if it came down to it being the only wr we could get id take jackson...i just hope we get somebody and not like last year wen the bears got roy
jeff hester19::there's more receivers than there are pass-rushing DE's though that's my only problem
1bullsbears6::yea it is i just think the bears need a wr more than a de
1bullsbears6::vincent
jcutler92::V-Jax
Conversations Recommendations::http://www.rnsnbc.com/news/latest_headlines/limo/
marting260::http://iofbeholder.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/400294485.jpg
Joe the Plumber..::Everything about Miami is great, except their sports teams and their fake a.s.s fans...
BringbackDtrain::i used to like watching heat knicks games with zo and rony seikaly hardaway etc
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::and shallow citizens
jeff hester19::So Anti left this page and is on the Heat one
marting260::YEAH HES PRASING JAMES...HE MUST WANNA REALLY BLOW HIM
jeff hester19::Dancing Chalupa. You should probably leave. You're getting torched
Joe the Plumber..::I have a gut feeling Northwestern will get in the NCAA Tournament...
Joe the Plumber..::But seriously I hope NW gets in somehow, even if its by pity.
jcutler92::me too
jeff hester19::I hope
BringbackDtrain::i think peyton ends up in arizona
jcutler92::I hope ...anyone but Miami
1bullsbears6::that sounds like heaven for the bears lol
jcutler92::Vincent Jackson and Michael Floyd :)
1bullsbears6::the bears have been lookin at vincent jackson
jcutler92::true but i sure would like the Bears to get Brandon Marshall.
BringbackDtrain::dolphins are a classless organization
jeff hester19::same
Joe the Plumber..::Anyone else up?
marting260::HERE YE HERE YE
jcutler92::yep
jeff hester19::yes
BringbackDtrain::bulls need to worry more about the thunder than miami imo
1bullsbears6::i dunno about that just cuz the thunder dont play any defense
sumbrownkid::It's not hard to play defense in a conference largely stereotyped to play full court offense as much as possible.
1bullsbears6::i def think the bulls match up wit miami as strong as any other team in the league...we just need to be healthy...but im just not sold on the thunder bein a championship team yet...they r the best team in the west and i love durant but westbrook chucks up a lot of shots
BringbackDtrain::ive watched alot of heat games this yr and im not impressed, i think chicago has better matchups and can kill them on the boards
jeff hester19::they play better D than the rest of the West
Dancing_Chalupa::Hey bandwagon boy marting260, why didn't your fat momma teach you to speak some whitey?
jcutler92::Lebrons Fault
marting260::OHH THAT HURT...OH WILL I EVER GET OVER IT...???LAME COMEBACKS....SILLY CHALUPA D I C KS ARE FOR CHICKS
jeff hester19::Because your fat momma and whitey is in English....that's ebonics
marting260::HES MOMMA DIDNT TEACH HIM HOW TO SPEAK CORRECTLY
Dancing_Chalupa::Look up the words "homesick abortion", and you find &gt;&gt;marting260
jeff hester19::Look up "Dancing Chalupa." You'll find a fat little white kid that watches gay porn and eats chicken wings all day.
jcutler92::Who Gloria James?
marting260::IF YOU LOOK UP HES MOM ON WIKIPEDIA...YOULL SEE IN BIG BOLD LETTERS...W H O R E OF THE BLOCK...
marting260::F U C K DANCING_CHALUPA....DUMB AS A ROCK..AND ROCK HARD FOR LEBRON
ChicagoBullsFan9::im gonna go to bed.. btw anti.. ur ga y.. later chicago peeps
Anti-Stratfordian::sweet dreams, f*ckface
marting260::ANTI-STRATFORDIAN LIKE BRON BRON SEMEN ON HES FACE AS LOTION
marting260::CHI-TOWN SOUTHSIDE
WindyCityAssassin777::It would be funny and great if the cavs made the playoffs and beat the heat
WindyCityAssassin777::IDK if you are joking but cubs would be great
jcutler92::Im a Cubs fan....hopefully Theo helps turn the franchise around for the better.
BringbackDtrain::im being serious, 03 was really fun watching that team. i think theo epstein and starlin castro is a start
jcutler92::i thought he was joking too
BringbackDtrain::it would be great to see the cubs make the playoffs
1bullsbears6::im a sox fan and i still agree
BringbackDtrain::that wade shot was naaaasstttyyy, he's the closer in miami.
Comments Recommendation::http://www.rnsnbc.com/news/latest_headlines/limo/
jcutler92::Dancing_chalupa whats in Lebrons purse im curious?
WindyCityAssassin777::&amp; a headband
jcutler92::with "jordan 23" written in purple sparkles
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::jordan memorabilia
jcutler92::and 3 quarters
marting260::Dancing_Chalupa It is fun to read the words of bandwagon gay Bulls fans that clearly are the stupidest ones of the entire herd of rocks for brains dumbazzas.  ANYBODY SEE ANYTHING WRONG WITH THIS?? LOOK WHAT HE SAID AFTER. ..Dancing_Chalupa Don't you know how to speak white people language? Ignorant trol  STUPID A S S KID!
jcutler92::haha he exposed you!!!!!!!!!!!!!! loser troll get a life
Dancing_Chalupa::If I were a kid,  I would hang in here more and pretend to be illiterate trolls like you and your friends. Instead, I just wander thru for a reminder of the stupidity that remains in the NBA, the bandwagon fans, the clueless group,  Chicago, be proud of your trolls.
marting260::"YOUR DUMBAZZ MOMMA NOT PUT YOU IN SCHOOL"?????
marting260::LMAO AHAHAHAHA WHITE PEOPLE LANGUAGE????YOU MUST BE A CUBAN FAT GUY FROM MIAMI THAT CAME SWIMMING IN FROM CASTRO
jeff hester19::Again, because dumbazz is a word. Please learn that when you're making fun of spelling. Your spelling matters too.
Dancing_Chalupa::What's wrong man? Your dumbazz momma not put you in school when you were little? You can't speak white people language? You have a chicken wing stuck in your teeth?
marting260::SAYS THE GUY WITH A TROLL FOR HES PICTURE..SHUT T H E  F U C K UP UR TRY TO TREAT SOMEBODY ABOUT GRAMMAR YET U CANT EVEN SPELL DUMB A S S...DUMB A S S H O E
jeff hester19::Yes us proud of our trolls. Miami has been voted the worst sports fans in THE NATION, but we're trolls. Okay.
