ATxRazorback24::This  Isiah Thomas kid seems very consistent!
seattleitez::Yeah he consistently loses games.
seattleitez::Correction. He would never even make it onto the bench of any other team.
seattleitez::LOL.  He would never get off the bench on any other team. Are these people for real????
btom1718::you can only do so much as one player on a terrible team
Logicalfan1::That dunk wasn't anything more than average from what we've seen from most lob passes all season. In fact it was less impressive, he needed more on his vertical. But here is ESPN trying to glorify something that is basically an average dunk. Just like Blake Griffons offensive fouls on Pau Gasol that were called "Spectacular Dunks" by these same morons at ESPN.
sportsalldayeveryday12::SPORTS FANS!!!!!!  Come on over to our page for the best sports news, debates, analysis, and updates on all of Facebook!  At least give us a chance and come take a look at our page!  LIKE! - www.facebook.com/sportsalldayeveryday
springfresh33::Saw the highlight of the alley oop..... that was some nasty shit!
THUNDAboi77::thats was crazy
shedy-mac::OKC is a great team but I would pick the Spurs to win the west
CBass1317::-1
SB4LlFE::so... the kings gave away players for nothing.... latest was JJ hickson.... he's doing really good with the blazers.... that says a lot about the kings franchise about playing and developing their players....
seattleitez::Hickson wanted to leave
Christo677::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
Christo677::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
Christo677::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
Michaelprestby65::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
thenbatmm::Matt Barnes Postgame Interview!!!  PLAYER of the game!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FY3ruLx1bKg
Dented_rim::The Phoenix Coyotes are proof that a new arena doesn't mean financial success. If the Phoenix valley with its 9 zillion population can't/won't support a team, then how cooked are the books in OKC? Is the OKC owner still using the Power companies money to buy tickets (conflict of interest), that must please the customers of the power company. Following the crooked deals of sports teams owners is more interesting than the product on the floor/fields, when do they get their own Reality TV show?
Chubbs_McGoogan::Oh wow.  This guy is sooooo sad.^^^^   Because a crappy NHL team cant be supported in THE hottest state in the US,  OKC cant support the Thunder?  Has anyone told this guy that we sold out games the year we won 23 games.  Go fu.ck yourself Dented Rim.
springfresh33::Where do you people get this stuff
THUNDAboi77::the sun in az has fried homeboys brain
SlayMyCrank::I assure you, every seat in OKC is filled every game by diehard fans.  What a stupid thing to say.
soonerguy80::again making false accusations with no evidence whatsoever....dude give it up
LeggoLaL::"WaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaHHHHHHH"-  Jamarcus Thuggins
SB4LlFE::Kings are relocating. Sactown is about to lose their team. No arenas deal in Sac means they'll get better offers somewhere else such as Seattle or Anaheim.
PeteyC25::i kings have essentially been tankin since the days of c-web and bibby
LeggoLaL::west aint the same witout em
LeggoLaL::bring back the sonics!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sonic_Sooner::Get an arena or get a life.
LeggoLaL::2 simple things the kings can do to get better...........A) quit feeding Cousins so much..3-14FG tonight? i mean c'mon what a baby. B) give Terrence Williams the rock and let him isolate and do what he do. 10 8 and 6 tonight impressive for mr twill
Dented_rim::The Kings should take a page from the Thunder rebuild plan and intentionally tank 4 seasons in a row.  I doubt the Kings go to Seattle - Seattle wants a profitable team... hahaha. Half the NBA still operates in the red, and Stern wants us to believe that the NBA is back. Unless you can write it off as a loss on your taxes - I wouldn't invest a dime in the NBA.  Not a hater - just a realist - always go with logic grasshopper.
springfresh33::Tank 4 seasons in a row? LOL what a clown
SB4LlFE::They are following OKC's model... it's just that the kings don't know how to draft  and develop their players
Sonic_Sooner::The Thunder's management drafts and develops talented basketball players who are great people.  The King's management drafts talented basketball players who are KNUCKLEHEADS.
Mr Viz::Went to the game tonight, and when Westbrook ally-oop slammed it. That was one of the loudest roars I've heard in awhile from a crowd.
LeggoLaL::I WAnt T-WiLL on the LAKERS. come on dowwwwnnnnnnn lol
LeggoLaL::in all seriousness though they got a steal with him. everyone forgets he was a lottery pick in '09(11th overall by NJN), after taking L'Ville to the elite 8.
GOSKP 2.52::No way
SouthMedTex::Maaaaaaaan OKC sooooooooo gooooooood beating the KINGS! that makes OKC KINGS
8mac22::Why can't SAC get it together. I'm not a fan of either team really, I'm just wondering. They seem to have a lot of good young players, so is it their coach or is it that they just can't play as a team? What is it?
Dented_rim::If you have coached hoop teams in the last 15 years - you know you can't get kids today to listen to coaches, let alone get them to understand the game. Only Memphis and the Spurs play a brand of team ball like we saw 20 years ago.
JBurhenn253::I don't think it's the kids not listening that's the problem. I think we have a bunch of coaches who don't know what they are doing and players can see right through it. We have very few true coaches nowadays who actually teach the game.
GOSKP 2.52::no defense bad coach not enough team chemistry and teamwork no defense no defense
LeggoLaL::Terrence Williams and Thomas were the only real bright spots for the kings tonight. T-Will with a quiet 10 8 and 6
802killa::I saw the headline and I thought to myself, very sarcastically, "Shocking."  OKC is the best team in the league and Sacramento is a joke. Id expect nothing less.
jgordon46::$@%! the Maloofs
gudda5gaines::fisher!!!!!!!!!
SB4LlFE::Maloofs should go on ESPN and pull the lebron's decision on Sactown.
JBurhenn253::Isaiah did his thing tonight, that's about it.
Turd_Stanfurdgesson::Wish they played him more than 25 minutes, he'd have a good shot at scoring 30.  Still an outside chance at RoY.
4th_Owns_Lebron::Jimmer fanboys need their man to get his minutes
JBurhenn253::Agree and agree. Dunno why he didn't play more and Roy would be awesome.
aise5668::After Rose got benched last night for his horrendous play, Russell Westbrook proved he is the best point guard in the NBA!!
frank white sports::on fire !!! check it out   http://frankwhitesportsny.blogspot.com/  p2p4u!!!
stu4286::As a Kings fan I hope they lose out. I want a top draft choice. We need a All Star. A Davis PLEASE!
aise5668::The Thunder will be happy to oblige.  They still get to lose to the Thunder 2 more times this year.
pistonfanstill::For those concerned over Durant and who will win the MVP the following:  Here's some 'essay' stats.   Durant is the best player with positive fan appeal.  The OK record while the team has better players is a testament to his longevity from Seattle to OK as a player you can build around and who is loyal to a small market team which drafted him.    He have not turned off fans with his persona again fan appeal.  He is also the main reason Vegas is making the Thunder one of the favorites to win a championship which also is the main reason why Love is not going to get it.  That leaves James who has managed to anger NBA brass who made it obvious they needed him on the Knicks.  Also his Decision crossed a line which challenged the order of how the NBA structures player movement.  In doing so he turned a lot of fans against him.    Then come the stats. Its a negative season for the NBA who got a wakeup call that they are not the NFL. America was prepared to moveon without a NBA season so there is no way James is going to win a MVP and he is the only real threat to Durant if you are looking at Hollinger type player rating systems to judge which they aint
aise5668::This season is just a formality, a coronation.
aise5668::Can we just go ahead and send the championship to the Thunder.  Clearly they are the best team in the NBA.
jeffg07::Got to disagree. The vets should have benefited more from less practice time and a shorter season. The diffrence now is these Veteran teams are just getting too old. And also the one man show teams r no longer going to cut it. U need options cause teams can play D now a days.
pistonfanstill::Also the CBA shortened season benefitted young teams which got out of the gate like rabbits.  In case you have not noticed the veteran teams sort of gradually got themselves into contention under the radar.  I am talking Boston and Dallas here. But also the Spurs.  Youth may win still with regards to the Thunder but I will have to be from Missouri on this one.
pistonfanstill::No they are not.  The Mavericks are still champs.  Dont be fooled by their regular season record.  The Spurs are still the class of the NBA.  OK has upside and improved their mentality with Fisher but its hard to tell if they are really better than the Clippers or the Grizzles despite their record.  And dont count Kobe out.  I could be wrong but I just dont believe OK is quite ready for a ship.  They are still climbing stairs.
PadresChargersClippers::uhhh, thunder are beatable. VERY good team but cmon now.
aise5668::They could be beaten in one game but not 7.  No chance, this is the Bulls circa 1991.  You know it and I know it!
Shooter_McGavin1::mia beat cha by 23  there is no differece
gudda5gaines::kings got 3 times as many wins as the bobcats a way better team that just needs a leader watch em next yr but kings victory is more impressive than the bobcats altho not a whole lot more
aise5668::Shooter_McGavin1 - mia beat cha by 23  there is no differece  There is one difference.  The Thunder's best player isn't a choker.
sooner1980wb20::Hey would one of you Username gurus create an ID named "water pistol pete jr."
DaveOK69::it's already taken by Skip
Shooter_McGavin1::i count a win for the kings every time they score over 85 points....so right now were about 2nd in the west.....oh no oh no oh no....oh yeah
sammyboy2190::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxZASSqP0h4
CamGoingHAM::OKC ran up the score on Sacramento at the end of the game,pouring it on
Pinkycuh::Bench man, not the same.
pistonfanstill::Good game for Fisher.  It will become clear to the Kobe-Groupies and to the OK fans why Bryant never won a ship without Fisher.  Its not about 'stats' its about being able to put a foot in Kobe's $@%! when he got big headed and its about doing the same with Westbrook.  Thats the reason he was signed, he makes this young team a more legitimate threat for a Ship.
pistonfanstill::The Lakers TRADED Fisher to Houston!  He opted to go to OK.  Lakers owner Buss Sr turned team over to stupid son Jr who tried to blow it up so how is that to say Fisher 'jumped ship?'  Fisher, Odom and Gasol didnt want to leave the Lakers.  Anyway the excuses from Mitch Cupcakewas they didnt think Fisher would take a diminished role which is to say believe he's delusional.  He knew he would have a diminished role with the Thunder.  All I am saying is Fisher's value is not based on his game statistics but his abilites as a clubhouse leader and cred as President of the Union.  He was brought in to control and help Westbrook with his head and maybe hit a key shot.
pistonfanstill::Huh?
Shooter_McGavin1::its more like he jumped ship
ComptonRules::Will the Turnovers keep Durant from Winning the MVP?
pistonfanstill::Yes, I hear you on MELO but he's not being marketed as the face of the NBA and the Knicks though his play has been heroic are basically a mediocre team of underachievers.  Its due to injuries etc but Durant has no negative baggage with the fans MELO and LBJ do.  You got to look at the Thunders record and Durant's willingness to stick with them as they put the pieces together in a small market.  Its not just about the stats game per game.  Its an off year for the NBA because of the CBA and the reality that Americans were willing to move on without a NBA season.  In comparison to what lengths the US Govts wa about to go if there was a threat to the NFL the NBA got a reality check they were solidly number 3.  So the best MELO and James can do is shoot for a Finals MVP they both have too many neagtives for the PR Popularity Contest of the MVP.
nbafan22222::If it's just based on the last few games, Melo is MVP caliber.  Durant and Lebron have been inconsistently lately and Rose is just terrible lately.
pistonfanstill::Durant is going to win the MVP because he is the new Face of the NBA and has the individual stats on what is now one of the NBA's elite teams.  So dont worry.  James is not going to get it because of his negative fan appeal
Shooter_McGavin1::i know what u mean
Shooter_McGavin1::no because magic johnson said so........magic needs to slow his role a bit
ComptonRules::cant argue
Shooter_McGavin1::Love...peace out
ComptonRules::Im confused on the MVP, not sure who should win
Shooter_McGavin1::The tijuana kings has a nice ring to it
Ardor48::THIS JUST IN: Durant has just overtaken Russell Westbrook  for #2 spot in the turnovers department, averaging 3.72 a game, and he is only 0.1 behind the leader John Wall. Durant is ferociously chasing the turnover title; I commend him. MVP!
Lolitsjackiechan::Not to interject too badly, but I'd just like to point out that nothing you said was a statistic...
pistonfanstill::Here's some stats. Durant is the best player with positive fan appeal. The OK record while the team has better players is a testament to his longevity from Seattle to OK as a player you can build around and who is loyal to a small market team which drafted him.  He have not turned off fans with his persona again fan appeal. He is also the main reason Vegas is making the Thunder one of the favorites to win a championship which also is the main reason why Love is not going to get it. That leaves James who has managed to anger NBA brass who made it obvious they needed him on the Knicks. Also his Decision crossed a line which challenged the order of how the NBA structures player movement. In doing so he turned a lot of fans against him.  Then come the stats.  Its a negative season for the NBA who got a wakeup call that they are not the NFL.  America was prepared to moveon without a NBA season so there is no way James is going to win a MVP and he is the only real threat to Durant if you are looking at Hollinger type player rating systems to judge which they aint.
pistonfanstill::You really believe those scouting report stats for fantasy league GMs factor in the MVP voting?
TheREALBig3-DurantWestbrookHarden::LeBron James is at 3.4 turnovers per game, which is not that impressive either.
esstea23::They have one of the best wins to loss ratio.
SHAQcarriedKOBE::But how many Assists? Thunder have worst assist to TO ratio.
Shooter_McGavin1::i get a harden just watching durant and westbrook
GrannyDanger332::Don the Magoofs own the Palms Casino?
CastroOzzie::R.I.P. the Sacramento Kings  The NBA will miss you...then move on the next day and leave you guys to suffer, but still. WE WILL MISS YOU GUYS AND DO NOTHING ABOUT CORRUPT DAVID STERN AND THE MALOOF BAFFOONS...and talk trash about Lebron instead.
4832schultz::someone tell me why I have evans on my fantasy basketball team? But seriously did he get hurt or was he just that bad today?
notlovingMJ equals insta-banned::arent the maloofs bankrupt?
Shooter_McGavin1::i want to be bankrupt like the maloofs.....................when you own 11 business and one goes under you are still pretty well off
notlovingMJ equals insta-banned::right
GOSKP 2.52::yes
Shooter_McGavin1::will the real Kevin Durant please stand up
rhowe982::Slim Shady time
GOSKP 2.52::If the kings get moved I'm gonna hunt down the damn maloofs
rhowe982::Hopefully Stern gets pissed and makes the Maloofs sell to Larry Ellison
GOSKP 2.52::yeah
GOSKP 2.52::GG Thunder, sucks to lose again
LSD_hookem::You guys have some talent- what is the problem with the kings?
GOSKP 2.52::defense ball movement defense coach defense
LSD_hookem::Isn't that what you are supposed to do?
GOSKP 2.52::yeah but it rarely happens like it did for the thunder
Chubbs_McGoogan::I hope Kings get better.
GOSKP 2.52::Hope we can follow in the Thunders footsteps with using the draft to become a good-great team
seattleitez::RIP SACRAMENTO KINGS.
TheRealBillyWalters01::triple like
okc and chi are bandwagoners::Durant w/o Westbrook is like Channing Frye w/o Nash
sammyboy2190::The average attendance in OKC has actually dropped a couple hundred fans per game since 2009. Bandwagoners? I think not.
okc and chi are bandwagoners::no they werent. New Orleans was
sammyboy2190::I just simply oppose your name. OKC was filling its arena when they were the worst team in the NBA.
seattleitez::Um Kings are gone next year
Shooter_McGavin1::no they are only "gone til november"
sklater::January, February, March April May, I'll be gone till November, gone till November, bootbeepbop
CastroOzzie::Russell Westbrook is NOT ugly! #sarcasm
Chubbs_McGoogan::shut up clown.
