4thQuar7er::0 Blocks?  Blake Griffin and Deandre Jordan your 4 and 5 and you can not defend the paint?  Sad.
jackburton01::LMAO. This is what you get when you've built your entire NBA fame on dunking over people. GET SOME, BLAKE!
Soonerhopeful1::Sure looks like and appears like, Clippers are " tanking" as to play for Del Negro...!  For you simple minded folk....!  This means Clippers allowed the Hornets to win, to get rid of VDN.. except maybe Griffin who only plays at one speed... An 11 point 4th quarter by Clippers, who had  led by 3...And this is common play of recent history...Not playing for VDN in the 4th.
mccoy3181::Clippers have always sucked so this isnt anything new.  They have a history of failure.  The Clippers curse is alive and well
mccoy3181::Its not Del Negros fault either.  Griffin cant do anything but dunk and Paul is overrated, not to mention all the has beens on the team.
straightouttaTROY::Playing hard isn't the only thing but the Clippers haven't played hard consistently for the last 10 games or so.  Basically, they look like every other Clippers team I've watched my entire life.  Why the hell is a team with so much size and speed shooting 27 three-point shots? That's just lazy basketball and a complete failure of game-planning.
XxR3D1CUL0USxX::Chris Paul is a baller Elroy, he would pown you any day of the week.. no competition. You only wish you could be as good as him. If you haven't noticed, he has revived the Clippers in every aspect of their game.. it in Del Negro that is hurting them, not Chris Paul
psu5008::play on griffin perfect example on why fighting should never be taken away from Hockey...So that Bs doesnt happen to your star player
Elroy265::Chris Paul is not as good as everyone seems to think he is. He can't shoot from outside, can't block a shot, and posting him up is like taking candy from a baby. He played on good teams in New Orleans, and couldn't get far with them either. He is not a good shooter, and is a liability on defense. Alley Oops will only get you so far.
Giohino::Wow that is what i call a textbook hit
crisstauter::Everyone knew that someone was going to do this after he always shows off. Griffen has bad character and props to the Hornets for stepping up.
DaftShadow::Breaking News: The Clippers fire Vinny Del Negro and hire Mike D'antoni as new head coach.  Lol, anyone would be better than Vinny right now.
straightouttaTROY::The problems with D'antoni have been his need for a PG to run all the offense through and his complete disregard for any defense.  Looks to me like he'd at least help the Clips offense and he couldn't do any worse scheming a defense than what Del Negro has done.
Louie5547::being a laker fan i can understand the frustration by teams and wanting to show players like bgriff that show boating everyother play with all his dunks and stair downs after isnt gunna fly...second i bashed bynum when he didnt to lil jj and ima bash this guy who i nvr new existed until 5 min ago its one thing to foul hard its another thing to cheap shot someone..theres no place for that suspension and take some pay that was bs....back to my first point bgriff lbj d wade thats what happens when you start being a show boat trying to embarrass people instead of playing the game
ambelgra::Sucks that the Clip are struggling. But that "foul" by Jason Smith was deplorable. That's 5 games, automatically. I dont care if it was Blake Griffin or any other player. there's no place for body checking in the NBA. period.
crisstauter::Cry some more. griffen was hanging on the rim and pushing people around like he always does. He should learn some humility
megan87119::HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
BarrelRider04::Clippers fan here, and I am completely shocked, while at the same time not shocked at all, at how quick of a 180 we have done. Since Chauncey has been gone, we are about as garbage as it gets. One guy makes that much of a difference???? Apparently so. And for a guy who wouldn't seem to make a difference of defense, our defense has completely gone to boys club status - some of the worst defense I have seen in years watching basketball. Oh the torture of being a Clipper fan....
darkyam::He'll probably get a two-game suspension for that hit.  There's no sense in body-checking a guy when you can just wrap him up without getting a flagrant called on you.
Louie5547::blind side tackle?? lol a body check lets not go over board its not like he tried to take out his knees
ambelgra::just 2 games? that was near blind side tackle, no pads on hardwood floors. there's no place for that in the NBA.
crazyjapo::wanna hear a joke? the clippers. hahahahaha GO LAKERS!
Shnitz00::Blake griffin got what he deserved. He is always complaining and is ridiculously cocky. Can't do a damn thing but dunk the ball. Props to smith putting him on his $@%. Maybe he'll start showing more respect to other players.
jackburton01::true dat. This is what happens when you go into every game looking to dunk on people in order to increase your "fame". I wish more people would bodycheck his dunking $@%.
joshuaizme::He's also phenominally overrated, overhyped (every time he dunks, his fans start rubbing themselves while moaning his name...it's true, quit doing it), and he is too pampered (the league gave him a rigged dunk contest just to promote him). But that being said, at least he admitted that he needs to work on his game a lot.  He complains about calls because he's pampered and overrated and all his fans with man crushes.
Shnitz00::Smith hit him with his shoulder knocking him over. Griffin cried. He's a big strong guy. Shut up and get over it instead of rolling around all over the floor. Agree Shawn kemp Jr
Lakermagicshowtime::your right about just dunking the ball he is the new Shawn Kemp
Lakermagicshowtime::but not at the extent to seriously injuring the guy
JDayAU::Lakers fans talking $@%! when new orleans forced overtime against the lowly lakers.
Lakermagicshowtime::and still won dont leave that part out
Lakermagicshowtime::LMAO that bandwagon got empty fast!!!!!!!! Were are the talk now treating the Clippers like they were going to win something and the Lakers like a lottery team?Coach Brown said that the LAkers were goin to get better as the season progressed and here is the proof 3rd in the West and a solid grip on the Pacific Division and we just solved our pg problem the Clippers were just an overrated 2 player teams Griffin is the same type of player as Shawn Kemp great dunks not much else and CP cant carry this team he is not on Kobe's level in leadership. The Clippers are what they always been the Clippers your owner is Donald Freaking Sterling !!! the defense rest. Griffin and CP will be gone after next season, everybody knows that Sterling is too cheap to invest on players. All the big talk and they are what we thought they were!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
blueshockey92::Im sure you guys have talked about this but Jason Smith is a pus.. What a cheap shot coming from behind and hip checking Griffin and then pumping up the crowd on his way out.. Stephen A. Smith said he needs a suspension, I tend to agree
Giohino::I never thought that blake would get laid out from a skinny, too funny
inglewood247::Oh Boy......suck it up and play ball. Its the NBA you get hit and pushed and shoved now, we want to cater to Blake. How about you jump real high next time and you won't get hit.
Lakermagicshowtime::He does need to get suspended that was beyond cheap
blueshockey92::This isn't hockey there's no reason for that.. Smith is a tool that's trying to make sportscenter
inglewood247::_Lob City, huh?.......more like "lose pity".
d_looch::Why the heck are we launching confetti for winning our 5th home game this season?!?!? Come on bees... #embarrassing
ghettofab562::Beware of the Clipper curse
JEGRAY53::Lakers rule this town.
LakersWorldChamps16X::The West Hollywood Clippers are around for the LA Rainbow community!
schneiderman18::It was cheap but it was bound to happen sometime. People are tired of getting dunked on so they're going to make him think twice about bowling in there and dunking on people.
jackburton01::THIS.
NotEvenMad::Smith said after the game that he was trying to stop him from getting a layup... Either way you don't have to tackle somebody to stop them from dunking.
metropolitanfanforever::Blake Griffin got what was coming to him....
bravesfan_nyal::I really hate First Take.
NotEvenMad::Who cares?
brad3788::the only reason why espn is mad is because he fouled blake griifin
bravesfan_nyal::Monty I give you huge props. My Hornets are nothing but a bunch of d leaguers and 10 day contracts and you still have them competing on a nightly basis. The record really shows the youth and lack of talent more than preparation.
ASIK_AND_DESTROY::Their 12-35?  They've lost 20 games at home, how are they competing every night? LOL
schneiderman18::Does anyone else think Stephen A wants him to get suspended for 10 games because he is white? This does not compare to Bynum elbowing Barea in the air.
DidYouSeeThat36::His want for 10 games was because he celebrated his ejection
NotEvenMad::What does race have to do with it? Didn't know you have to be white to bowl people over and receive punishment.
skippa18::stephen A wanted bynum suspended for the season this year. Plus he wished that chandler or someone would of stepped up an defended jj..
NotEvenMad::Maybe you should be clear instead of saying "That is wildly untrue" Learn to be specific, idiot.
bravesfan_nyal::He never said a whole year you fool.
NotEvenMad::No it isn't? He said he wanted Bynum suspended so that contradicts what the OP just said. What part of that was untrue?
schneiderman18::He may have a problem with cheap shots as a whole. 10 games is to much he should be suspended 2 or 3 games.
bravesfan_nyal::That is actually wildly untrue.
metropolitanfanforever::Jason Smith should have waited till Griffin  got airborne and submarine  his @ss people getting sick that clown dunking
metropolitanfanforever::Good job Jason Smith, good job!!!
NotEvenMad::That foul that Jason Smith did was a cheap shot. Did it for some attention more than likely.  And Hornets fans are so classy by the way they reacted to Smith's ejection. Trash.
winfieldbus::maybe if blake had more than a 1/4 of a brain he wouldn't be running with his head down
FTLakerFan::anybody think that hornet player who took a cheap shot on blake will get suspended, that was pretty bad, in my mind he will be gone for at least 2 games
BarrelRider04::I mean this is getting laughable (or is already) how bad the Clips have digressed. Being a tortured Clipper fan myself, I am not surprised one bit. The Clippers have done a 180 and are now back to being The Clippers. It is just baffling how bad we are at this point, considering how we started out the season. Just pathetic.....same old story.....
DL_0521::I like chris paul but these jokes are hilarious
NBAPlayoffs2012::clippers suck.
SeaDog73::"Hits like the one Jason Smith made on Blake Griffin have no place in this sport.   He should be fined and suspended."  .....Roger Goodell
MAGIC11033::I had a feeling this was gonna be the outcome.  I remember when Shaq left Orlando and he came back for that first game in a Laker uniform we beat LA that night.   Its a pride thing for the team and the fans are usually really up for the game too which makes the home team feed off their energy
Nostoppage::Clippers need more than a coach they need a lock down defender on the perimeter and nick young can score but defense is terrible and he Is an inconsitant scorer
Lakermagicshowtime::And Sterling is going to invest on players?please,its too late now
teddyp4201::Oh, wait, the hornets dont have Eric Gordon nor Carl Landry nor Emeka Okafor????!!! Vinny (Of the Black), you gone! lol
bagofmoney_30::ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
CandySparker::Cheers Winny Del Negro!
PaulineIsTheDevil666::You been playing fantasy basketball? Try out the FREE ESPN $250 Fantasy Basketball League for today - limited time only to pick your team http://games.espn.go.com/frontpage/forums#!/topic/1332499342-862-806/reverseChronological
threetimechamp210::Hornets beat the Clippers HAHA! (Nelson's voice). The Clippers will always be dysfunctional and can never seem to get it together no matter who is playing for them of coaching them. Would it be funny if they missed they playoffs this year, they are only two games away from being out of the playoffs!
EWinz117::FIRE THE COACH    TODAY!
ACandOJ::I think Blake Griffin is still looking for his mouthpiece after that hit....
Frank13650::Blake Griffin flop
