scimmyscum::http://www.allfreechips.com/?ref=sapcunc
outlaw12110224::I'm a Heat fan but how could you not like the Hawks?  I root for them when they're not playing the Heat.
lat404::Atlanta has to be the most hated team in the league, every year the so called experts pick them not to make the playoffs yet the Hawks have been one of the last 8 teams standing in the playoffs for the last 3 years. Preseason power rankings 18th is a damn shame.
timmypoe::Agreed. Deep with a lot of young guys that are major athletes = success this year.
outlaw12110224::Atlanta is my sleeper this year.  They are a deep team and they have been together for a while.  Good team chemistry
johnt0306@yahoo.com::This Stein guy really knows how to pick em....Dallas number 1 preseason in power rankings and the hawks are like 16 yeah these hawks really do look like the 10-17 hawks after the all star break last year....good pickin stein
texasrocks123456::Ok, we should keep the roster we have in tact now w/o giving up teague. Notice how he played to the same level as Deron Williams. Stats were identical. Teague finally proving he can play in the league and the Hawks now have 4 legit starters. Marvin Williams is the key to all this now (like always). If he can have even a small break out season, the Hawks will have a legit starting 5 with decent depth. Maybe trade for a backup 2 guard.
outlaw12110224::Teague also hung with DRose last year.  Atlanta has a nice squad.
inthepaint32::I see that they are focused this year with a great start and Teague has started to come into his own but they still need another big man to clog up the middle I don't know who but at least Marvin is starting to shine and he looks health...
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::WITH THE 1st PICK IN THE 2012 NBA DRAFT, THE NJ NETS SELECT....
texasrocks123456::Dan Gilbert stole the number one pick and drafts Shaq back into the league.
Antsea91::Wouldn't be surprised if that idiot did something as dumb as that.
xrobologyx::The Atlanta Hawks really have a good thing going on over there.  Good coaching, GM, and players.  I wish um well.
FormulaOner::Marshon is a talent. This kid works hard, could be a big star. Reminds me so much of Kobe
CosmoKramer1444::Only one Jordan.. oh wait there is Kobe.
texasrocks123456::lets not get carried away. Theres only one Kobe.
MeGaDeUs::Marshon could flat out score... too bad we're gonna end up trading him before the year is up
MissBikini::Anytime you have a man with an effeminate first name 9 times out of 10 it's because their father wasn't around and the mother named the child. And women don't care if we name boys with girl names... Or I should say some of us don't think ahead. I would never do it.
ACUDA316::As a Bulls fan, I feel I do not belong here. Where the hell am I? I need directions please
MissBikini::You sound like that old song Creep.
yankeessuck2112::as a net fan marshon brooks is impressing. The rest of the team cant shoot
mjpeter12::New Jersey is terrible but... Marshon Brooks has impressed thus far
JeremyAce4::The Nets roster is a complete mess.
Captphilpart3::This win does nothing more than carry on the myth that the Atlanta Spirit Group cares about winning or the teams fans. When in reality all they care about is gate receipts, advertising dollars and merchandise sales
ATLrepresent11::"Actually I live inside the Perimeter off of P.I.B. (does that sound like a person that lives in NJ???) There is nothing more I want than many championships for Atl. I, unlike some just refuse to give the ASG a free pass so they can do more damage." You bash us for supporting the Hawks.. but you just supported them in that statement with "There is nothing more I want than many championships for ATL."  Hypocritical much? We get it. You don't like ASG. Congrats. Here's your medal buddy. But if you are so set on the fact that ASG is such a bad organization, then do something about it to people that can change it. No one on here can do anything about it. We wouldn't be on this board if we went to the games and bought tickets and merchandise. We're stuck at home watching the game on tv. Unless now you don't even want us to do that? You're just a pathetic complainer who will never DO anything. If you want to blame anyone for this. Blame yourself. YOU are the reason why this group is here in the first place. YOU are the reason why they are here now. Cause you have done nothing except complain. You want change, and you can talk about it all day long. But when will you actually do something about it?
Captphilpart3::"We're stuck at home watching the game on tv." so yet you did support the ASG's product. You helped them make money of advertisers.
spbynum1::http://espn.go.com/blog/truehoop/post/_/id/34121/howards-wish-list-said-short  Atlanta is NOT on Howard's list. Orlando isn't even talking about Atlanta
outlawjoseywhales1981::They'll be on his list when he turns 34.
spbynum1::It won't happen. Howard won't commit there. Atlanta is not going to give up all their assets only to risk losing him. Atlanta IS NOT ON HOWARD's LIST.
thenbaisback20::Orlando was in trade talks with Atlanta.  Did they get serious?  I dont know.  He wont be dealt til mid march anyways
thenbaisback20::Horford, Marvin, Hinrich, Zaza for Dwight and Turkey.  Who is with me?
CosmoKramer1444::You think the Hawks could put Smoove in the deal instead of Horford?
outlaw12110224::They don't need Howard.  They have enough scoring.  Thay just need a big guy to clog the middle.  Howard would destroy the chemistry IMO
ATLrepresent11::I honestly don't think Orlando would take that deal. Marvin is still unproven. Hinrich is good at speeding up the game tempo and is a great help on defense, but he doesn't really produce points and he's getting old. Zaza is a good bench player, but could probably only start for less talented clubs. You might get just Howard for that deal. If they wanna get Turk too, they'd have to throw in draft picks. Just looking at the number of players we would give makes it seem like a good deal, but it's not. Howard wouldn't stay in Atlanta anyways, and I don't want to lose Horford as a starter and Zaza on the bench for that.
CosmoKramer1444::The problem with that is... they don't want Turk. His contract is horrible, which is why he's always involved in Howard talks.
thenbaisback20::pg teague sg jj sf turk pf smooth c dwight
thenbaisback20::Josh Smith was Dwights best man at his wedding, so if we trade for Dwight, Horford would have to be the centerpiece in a deal.
ATLrepresent11::Atlanta won't get Howard. End of story.
Captphilpart3::Can somebody please tell when the Atlanta Spirit Group has ever put winning in front of gate receipts, advertising dollars and merchandise sales??
PillarofWisdom::I'm just happy Jeff Teague finally getting his shine, If the Hawks can add a big...look out!
KingGeorge53::Tough loss for the Nets on the road, but a good overall game to watch.
PresleyCutchTabata::hey KingGeorge, we got you guys next! it should be a good game, the Cavs have played hard in every game so far
KingGeorge53::Yupp.   I'm happy with the progress made so far.     Good to see the effort made.   Pacers are a good team.  Best wishes to your team Presley in that next game.     Two teams trying to rebuild it.
eluna2122::Who do ya think will win Rookie of the Year?
convolutedthought::irving or brooks
JeremyAce4::That one guy.
chompah99::Griffin
PresleyCutchTabata::Brooks
spbynum1::Rubio
djones_18::Dwight to it Atlanta!!!!!!!! no way!!!!!!!!!!
outlaw12110224::And ATL is not a big city?  Granted not as big a BK but still...I would rather live in ATL then BK.
ATLrepresent11::NJ is on his list because they will be moving to Brooklyn.. Big stars wanna be in big cities.
Carpmaster51::you keep posting that link...
spbynum1::You seem to keep forgetting about it
Carpmaster51::ATL would give up Horford and possibly Joe Johnson..Horford wouldn't be a loss...and JJ hasn't been as clutch as we needed him over these past years...draft looks good for us next year.  I do understand your counterpoints as well.  I would find it funny if he goes to LA though...after  LA is he going to go to Miami then phoenix then boston then be a tv analyst for TNT?
outlaw12110224::Dude how would he be playing by himself??  Atlanta is a young team.  Kobe is retiring in a year or 2..THEN he will be by himself.  Lajers is not a good destination for Howard long-term
spbynum1::THAT is EXACTLY why Howard is not going to Atlanta. He doesn't want to play by himself anymore. He wants another superstar to play with. He can't have that in Atlanta. Nor can he win a championship there.  If he goes to LA, he is staying there. Get over it:  http://espn.go.com/blog/truehoop/post/_/id/34121/howards-wish-list-said-short
Carpmaster51::that was earlier this month...I mean for goodness sakes he has NJ on that list...how serious can we take that list...and explain why he couldn't win a ship with ATL?  B/c miami is that unstoppable?
spbynum1::It's a re-sign list. Just because the Nets are no longer an option doesn't mean Howard suddenly has to go and change it. This list is the only thing we know for sure about Howard's intentions unless he says otherwise.  And he could win a championship in Atlanta. The problem is that in order to acquire Howard, Atlanta would have to give up so much that it would kill any chance of it happening. That's why it's not on Howard's list.  He doesn't want to play on his own anymore. He wants to play alongside another superstar to make a run at some hardware.
spbynum1::http://espn.go.com/blog/truehoop/post/_/id/34121/howards-wish-list-said-short  Atlanta is not on this list. Plus hometown or not, Howard cannot win a championship there. Case closed.
T.Y.U::Where did you hear this or are you just stating something?
djones_18::this is about to be ridiculous!
thenbaisback20::he was born in Atlanta and was a Hawks fan in his childhood.
thenbaisback20::Josh Smith kills me.  That was a pathetic game by him tonight.  Trade Josh Smith for a legit starting center.  Who's with me?
Carpmaster51::Its early..smith is probably in the best shape of his life.  He had a great offseason training..just hasn't produced on the court yet.  He should stop taking jumpers and drive like Lebron does every night..
chompah99::Horford is your lame-$@% fake Center; not Josh Smith.
PresleyCutchTabata::Smith was owned by Humphries who is the man!
eluna2122::na he does to much for a team, and they dont need anyone
spbynum1::I'm kinda half joking when I say this but you can probably get Lopez from the Nets in the offseason.
thenbaisback20::I bet the Celtics feel dumb for trading Brooks in the draft.
Davema88::im both a celtic and friars fan and draft day went from greatest day ever to worst in minutes
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::either brooks or knight will win rookie of the year
loubillz718::mcgrady is so lazy. i've been a mcgrady fan since a long time ago. If you watch all of his appearances all he does is stand there. He's the same age as Kobe i think. I get mad to see him play like that. Does anyone feel me??
loubillz718::might**
loubillz718::no hes lazy mcgrady. I do agree about his first two games. but he doesnt even try he just stands there most the game and my run off a screen maybe once or twice a game. his passing is good but he's not old look at Kobe. Its all in the mind.
Carpmaster51::he has been playing really well these past couple games now..and keep in mind im sure all those surgeries have taken a toll on his aging body.
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::the 5 best rooks 1 rubio 2 brooks 3 knight 4 williams 5 luer
T.Y.U::Might want to put that one guy from Washington in there.   Think it's Nick Young looked good the other night.   Oops my bad that team is so young they all look like rookie's except one.
PresleyCutchTabata::Young hasnt been a rookie for a while though
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::if brooks start he would avg 30 points a game
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::well it looks like boston done handed newjersey a great player in marshon brooks
spbynum1::Anyone else feel that D-Will will be on his way out in the now likely scenario that the Nets will not get Howard?
eluna2122::i hope that the nets get howard but not if they have to give up brooks too
spbynum1::Even with Lopez they aren't a championship team. They will be lucky to make the playoffs at this rate. D-Will wants to win championships and this current roster cannot provide that. What else can NJ bring in if they can't land Howard?
spbynum1::Yeah for sure. The way things are going now that looks like the likely scenario.
PresleyCutchTabata::they need to trade him if he is going to leave though
PresleyCutchTabata::it depends on how the Nets do after Lopez returns, they need to play team basketball
eluna2122::Brooks should start for the Nets next game
PresleyCutchTabata::he was basically a starter tonight getting the most minutes at SG
PresleyCutchTabata::before the Marshon Brooks mistake with the timeouts, it was Marvin Williams 3 that had the Hawks in the lead by 4 rather than one, lol
Laker Fan 17::Heat win.
PresleyCutchTabata::hey Laker Fan
Captphilpart3::How can anybody be a Hawks fan??? Look at the damage their ownership has done to this city. Look at all the  Lawsuits, lies and layoffs all by their own doing. Yet some choose to support their product. Is it that easy to sell your soul and core values just to see somebody hit an 8 foot jumper???
joshscroggy::I support the Hawks, the players you know like Al and Josh, not the ASG. And I am sure that the players appreciate me for giving them support and being a fan.  Also, I'm not attacking you. Just trying to understand why you are on this board. But I give up. Good night and good luck with what ever you are doing. Oh yeah and GO HAWKS!!!
joshscroggy::Stop giving ASG so much of your time!!
Captphilpart3::I will when you stop giving them so much of your own time.  When you wake up and realize you support people that don't support you....you might be better off. Instead you would rather attack me for pointing that out.
joshscroggy::Like I said if your not a Hawks fan then Go away and stop wasting my time!!
joshscroggy::You make no sense I do not care for ASG!! I hate them because of what they did to the Thrashers! But that does not mean that I will ever give up on cheering for my home team!! THE ATLANTA HAWKS! If you do not like the Hawks then WHY are you on their board wasting your time?? Your just annoying! Writes some letters or something to ASG instead of wasting your time belittling the HAwks.
Captphilpart3::When have I said 1 thing negative to a Hawks player????  Okay if they did what they did to the Thrashers what makes you think they won't do the same to the Hawks??  You get mad at me for proving what dopes the ASG is yet you don't get mad at the ASG...In fact you go out and support their product have you ever thought about that??
joshscroggy::Ok thanks for your personal opinion on the ASG... But this is about supporting the Hawks!!! If you dont care for the team then go somewhere else with your crap! And for my opinion I do not like the ASG but I do support the Hawks and that is what this board is about.
Captphilpart3::So you sweep things under the rug and pretend that they aren't there.  "I do not like the ASG but I do support the Hawks"  Which means you then support the ASG
Carpmaster51::No atlanta fan or anyone in atlanta for that matter has respect for A$G...but we do support the hawks.  Are you saying that even though there is a quality product on the court we should not support that?  We do have one of the highest payrolls this year..
Captphilpart3::You folks would rather attack me then look  and see the real problem. Which of course the ASG has done more to hurt ATL then help.
joshscroggy::So r u a Nets fan r just someone with a lot of spare time on their hands??
Captphilpart3::Actually I live inside the Perimeter off of P.I.B. (does that sound like a person that lives in NJ???)  There is nothing more I want than many championships for Atl. I, unlike some just refuse to give the ASG a free pass so they can do more damage.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::You need to get paid for bugging everyone with this crap every night, look into it cause your very good at it.
Captphilpart3::Have I not said the truth??? So you only want the good and wish to sweep the rest under the carpet as if it doesn't exist??
joshscroggy::Love the Hawks and have since Spud played!!!
Captphilpart3::So in other words you would sell out for a jump shot.
PresleyCutchTabata::the refs are making up new calls to help the Heat
PresleyCutchTabata::RUBIO!
truetopia::Love seeing Teague battle the Olympian Williams to a standstill!!
truetopia::i came here for Hawks talk, but apparently this is Troll City
PresleyCutchTabata::Metro, the Mets would give up Davis for Marte and Lincoln in a heartbeat
PresleyCutchTabata::its just a matter of whether or not the Pirates would give up Marte and Lincoln, but that was what the Mets asked for and so far the Pirates have turned it down
reggieinatl::MIA 92 MIN 94
mdtuzo::it troll city over there. be careful.
reggieinatl::Headed over to the MIA room.  This should be fun.
reggieinatl::MIA 83 MIN 85
..Clipster..::World Series wins since 1993:  Marlins: 2 (soon to be 3) Phillies: 1 Braves: 1 Mets: 0 Expos/Nationals: 0  Marlins run the NL East.
PresleyCutchTabata::the Marlins suck and they signed a man made of glass
PresleyCutchTabata::5?
..Clipster..::We run the NL East.  Your ring count pales in comparison.
reggieinatl::twolves beating the heat!!!!
Metropolitans Est.1962::is that game on tnt or something
reggieinatl::No.  Just looking at the top of the screen.
mdtuzo::no
PresleyCutchTabata::the Mets need to call the Pirates about Starling Marte and Brad Lincoln again, with the same offer, IKE DAVIS!
Metropolitans Est.1962::we keeping ike davis
Captphilpart3::"One of the Spirit’s partners, Bruce Levenson, released a statement, saying: “The Atlanta Hawks are no longer for sale. We’re excited to remain as owners of the Hawks and are committed to building on our string of four straight playoff appearances.”  "if you were trying to sell a property, wouldn’t you be “excited” when that deal fell apart?"  -AJC
mdtuzo::who the hell cares
Captphilpart3::Nobody and that's the problem Hawks fans are backing a proven liar.
PresleyCutchTabata::we need the Sixers to lose and the Knicks to keep choking
49ers4Real2011::you know your team is bad when your already hoping for losses 4 games into the season by other teams in your division lol.
mdtuzo::nets are far from the worst team in basketball. anyway, you seem not to have any relationship to the nets besides coming here and trolling. thats pretty pathetic, dont you think?
49ers4Real2011::I didnt see a sign that said I couldnt come here. im sorry are you still butt hurt that your teh worse team in basketball.
mdtuzo::lol why do you come here just to hate on the nets?
PresleyCutchTabata::its called inexperience................
mdtuzo::im not convinced the knicks are a real threat. the sixers look good though, they have depth and quality young players.
Michael Bibby::The Marlins have 7 fans
reggieinatl::And that includes the team.
Michael Bibby::Anybody remember that?
JulioJonesBrother::lol yeah. greatest screen name ever
JulioJonesBrother::That many?
PresleyCutchTabata::Marshon Brooks played 29 minutes tonight, more than any other SG on the Nets, i think its safe to say hes taken the job
49ers4Real2011::what nobody did he take the job from. he has the job by default lol.
bigjoe93atl2::Julio where U at bro? I'm trying to finish these daily challenges on Squad right now...
JulioJonesBrother::I'll be right there lol
