kblaw1::I like Jrue, but he's overrated.  If I see him dribble into the double team along the sideline one more time, I"m going to throw a hammer through my TV.  might as well throw it now, because he is going to do it anyway.
kblaw1::on the other hand, Kemba is becoming a problem.
torrtis::2 from 24, seriously. He's given way too much liberty to shoot, every team needs accountability, even while tanking.
abasrai27::jrue holiday is a allstar and great player but if he wants to get to that superstar level these are the games he needs to perform well, great opportunity missed to get a game on milwaukee
Quincy Miller 30::Even Obama shot better than Jrue..
zdre30::Damien Wilkens will be an All-Star one day! Guy is a beast!!!
kblaw1::amazing.
Fendretti4::you do know he's 33 years old right?
jasondmce1978::Has an all-star ever shot 2-24?  At around 2-15 don't you just realize it ain't your night?
FadeBackShootAirBall4::these kinds of games happen to every player through..I still remember lebron's game against memphis when he was missing every single shot including layups he easily make..he ended up being 4-14 through, jrue will bounce back.
B906::2-24 is worse than kobes 3-21
CoreyGallagherArt::You're right, 2 is less than 3 and 24 is more than 21
FadeBackShootAirBall4::jrue holiday had a game that would make kobe blush..wow 2-24, I didn't even know about it until I just seen it on espn so I had to come see for myself.
ibrathezebra::"You're learning my apprentice"  -Kobe to Holiday
CoreyGallagherArt::Lol
zunger1212::Espn news just had a great segment with all (j)rue's missed shots - 8% is worst ever apparently...
CoreyGallagherArt::Worst ever in regards to the amount of 2 point shots he took and missed, players often do shoot 0%.
BelowMeUntilINut::This just in: Jrue Holiday missed another shot,  (banker - Gatorade off the rim of the garbage can)
greenbean47::Rue Holiday?
Bulls greater than all teams::I expected Justin Holiday to shoot 2-24 but, the 76ers best player, Jrue Holiday shoot 2-24 what a shame.
Jumeax::1/5 is better than 2/24  wont be the only night, Justin will outplay Jrue might not happen everyday but it will happen
CoreyGallagherArt::You guess...? It obviously was an off night, kid has shot 44% on the season...
Bulls greater than all teams::I guess this was just an off night for Jrue because this % isnt All-Star caliber, it isnt even D-League caliber.
Adversaryy::Regis Philbin &gt; Jrue Holiday
Gentry3455::Lol sixers can't even beat the cats smh just sad
hokies63::well atleast your not a t-wolves, celtic, magic, or wizards fan who lost to us 2-3 times.
bk483::jrue has a brother?
Fendretti4::hope he can shoot
pantherfan2488::A smooth left hook here, and turnaround J there.  Biz is slowly becoming the double-double avg player we want him to be.
CanesCatsPanthers::Gotta enjoy every 'Cats win I can get. They don't come too often. They have been playing a good bit better over the last two weeks or so. Henderson has been the difference. I think he is finally healthy and McRoberts has been surprisingly good. MKG Kemba, Henderson and Mullins have potential, just gotta get lucky in the draft and get rid of all the useless trash rotting on the bench (Tyrus Thomas, Gana Diop, Reggie Williams and probably even Haywood). Bismack Biyombo is also a failed project. He belongs in the D-League or on top of an elephant in Mozambique. Tyrus Thomas has the worst contract in the NBA and Ben Gordon is, well, just awful. First need a young, talented big man that can consistently score, rebound in the paint and run the floor before anything starts getting better.
bobcats375::Not Mullins. They better not resign him. He likes to pretend hes a 7 foot guard
hokies63::biyombo isn't bad he's a really good rebounder, which we need, he just needs to work on his shots.
Chris72077::well said!
brooklynnets7::Stupid Bobcats, the objective is to lose and get the 1st pick, not win and get the 2nd pick.
joeykhali1::the tyrus thomas trade but its lotto protected until 2016
hokies63::really? how?
Bulls greater than all teams::Plus the Bobcats owe the Bulls a top 10 pick so the more the Bobcats suck the better the chances the Bulls get a top pick.
CanesCatsPanthers::yeah, since that worked out last year and everything. Have you heard of the lottery?
surfzone365::Nice win 'Cats.
Fendretti4::is 2-24 a misprint? And only shot 5 3's? so he missed 17 of 19 2-point shots? Is that possible?
goldrushjaybirds::And only one free throw attempt. That is so selfish. Everybody stands around while cranks out bad shot after bad shot.
Jumeax::he needs to stop watching Tapes of Kobe
joest2003::Whats wrong with MKG
kblaw1::and he can't shoot.
pantherfan2488::Back strain on a bad fall.  Nothing rest won't fix I'm guessing
Phillyteamsforever::Holiday was colder than the beer's drank by sixers fans to drown their sorrrows
tim colbert::Too funny!
tim colbert::That had to be horrible to watch!
PhillySportsFan7-ACCT2::A brick &gt; Jrue Holiday tonight
Phillyteamsforever::phili tankers. Coach Collins finally told Jrue to join the tank train.
tim colbert::That's funny but true.
Phillyteamsforever::Yup. next is Thad Young. If they can get him to tank, they can get anyone to tank
bluedevils1148::Did Jrue really just shoot 2-24?
foxx7777::Jrue Holiday shot 8% for the game. He was beyond horrible!!!!
tim colbert::Can't sit but i wouldn't draw a play for him on coldest night.
CarRod98::ADIOS AMIGOS im going to watch DUCK DYNASTY
tim colbert::Lmao!!
ahlwolves22::See ya...
GradeA10714::I know Jrue is not Durant, but even if Durant is shooting 0 for 37, Scott Brooks would not pull him in the clutch situation, in the clutch situations your best player cannot be sitting.
ahlwolves22::WHO AGREES: Joakim Noah&gt;Spencer Hawes
Bulls greater than all teams::Well its obvious.
Phillyteamsforever::noone
Aaron.Rob::Bucks put up 131 and the 6ers manage only 83? smh
CarRod98::I hope MKG is okay and I hope he plays against the Heat on Friday!!! #GetBETTER
GradeA10714::This once-every-five-years occurence of the Bobcats being televised on ESPN should rake in about $1B into the city's revenue this Friday...
Speakit23::I'll have my taco stand outside.
Linda33763::nick young lost this game, ask doug, he'll find a way 2 blame NY and KB, how in hell is the new holiday playing before nick. DOUG blames nick for all the games we lost.
tim colbert::Correct!!!
Minnysota Vikings::2-24? Am I reading that correctly?
ahlwolves22::Oh Yeah! It was terrible!
tim colbert::as a coach do you keep him in?
Rumrunner66::Think we're having a shared hallucination
GradeA10714::Yes, no need to clean your lenses
tim colbert::Jrue was off tonight but as a player someone should have told him pass the ball and help on defense.
GradeA10714::Jrue Holiday postgame--- "I needed more time to start getting into a rhythm but I then heard the final buzzer sound..."
ahlwolves22::Philly sunk like the titanic.
pedrobear1::just gonna say philly tanked this game
ahlwolves22::Jrue, that is bull.
ahlwolves22::Melo&gt;LeBron
ahlwolves22::I disagree with that. More like Joakim Noah&gt;Demarcus Cousins
Mizzou-RAH 2011::Jrue&gt;everybody.
GradeA10714::Stop it
ahlwolves22::I hate LeBron so much. I am so glad the #Bulls snapped the streak :)
pedrobear1::what jrue did tonight is really hard to do
GradeA10714::Alright so who is behind the case of the disappearing comments?
C-Tom::How???
tim colbert::I think melo can avg 30 plus if he take the shot selection he has in the last to nights.when he does that knicks are hard to beat.
Agent Zero7::Thanks for the help in my fantasy basketball playoffs Jrue!
GradeA10714::WAIT THE BOBCATS ARE ON ESPN THIS FRIDAY???
CarRod98::Im going to the game, I hope Im on TV!!
AGirlThatLovesSports_::lmaoo yep
ahlwolves22::are they really? i don't believe you.
GradeA10714::Melo 50 and 40 on the road in consec nights, not bad.
tim colbert::It's hard night in and night out, if your off pass the damn ball!!!
