Kyle Miller::Breaking news: Blockbuster 4 team trade announced.  http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=me2s873
Greg Bosgraaf::I'm not sure the Bucks are getting enough in return, Miami is robbing you guys here.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::hahaha kyle I actually thought it actually went thru when u wrote trade announced and then looked at the site
Kyle Miller::It actually did happen......in my dreams.
Shanny Salcedo::Marc Gasol is back, Z-bo and Conley are playing like all-stars, C-lee and Mike Miller being the perimeter snipers we lacked, and Tony Allen still recovering....Now that we have Gasol back, we will finish the season with 50+ wins and make the haters eat crow for undermining the grizzlies once again over middle of the pack teams like the clippers and rockets.....I think the grizz should make a run at a backup pg like hinrich if they want to think about beating the spurs in the playoffs
Vladimir Tsalyuk::hinrich would be perfect for them. hes just as terrible a scorer as all the other grizzel
Greg Bosgraaf::I'm sure Nick Calathes is a good guy and all, but man that dude is straight garbage. I felt a little bad last night as we were all booing him when he came on, but I think its important to let management know that the fans don't approve of him (not that it matters at all if we do or not), For some reason our front office gets a lot of hate, but I think they are one of the best in the business. I had never heard of James Johnson until we signed him, and he was an incredible find. The Courtney Lee for Bayless trade looks to have been another great move. The Koufos for DA trade this off-season was brilliant. I trust this front office to make the right moves, now hopefully like you said they can sign a quality backup true PG.
Bernard Hard::Greg Bosgraaf: Yeap, that's one thing the Memphis Grizzlies front office is good for. That is finding great players underneath rocks for dirt cheap!
Thompson Ferguson::Grizz are looking better and better with the recent addition of Lee and the return of Gasol last night. One thing that stands out to me is that it seems like they aren't going to have to depend on a certain two or three guys to have a good scoring game in order to win as they have for the past few years. I predict that as the season progresses from this point on, the new ownership will show that they do know what they're doing and have a good plan for long term success.
Peter Krane::Welcome back, Marc!  Grizzlies, this is the second game of back to back.  Don't take Bucks lightly.  Let's try to get back into the playoffs hunt.  .  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!
Greg Bosgraaf::I'm glad we're playing the Bucks right now, because we'd be in a deep hole already if we were playing anyone else.
Michael Patrick::lets go grizz lets make a run at the playoffs and that is the right thing to do to start courtney lee right away
Oliver Raymond Morrissey-Davis::C'mon grizzlies lets get above the 500% line!
Ahmad-Id Al-Akkad::Gasol returns and Grizzlies show their old face.... 90-87 vs OKC, yesterday 82-77 at Milwaukee. More please, defense wins! Actually Grizzlies should be a playoff team, but this 0-9 division record....
Dennis Dodge::The Bucks are tanking on purpose right? They couldn't honestly have put this team together and missed by this much on the talent. They are terrible!
Kyle Miller::They weren't initially, but when the injuries piled up the young guys started getting more playing time. Someone must have convinced Kohl to throw this season away because even when they have gotten healthy, the young guys are still playing.
Frank Brank::Grizzles are one of our top bets tonight. See all our predictions each night for every game here: wp.me/P49kjD-6C
Gale Sindico::Thanks for not covering Grizz. Up by 10 with 2 and half minutes left. Forget u
Chris Justice::Tough tough spot for Milwaukee. I like Memphis to win  97-82
Peter Krane::GG Bucks fans.  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!
Mark Joseph::Seriously Sanders with a 27 footer....
Shawn Bento::Sanders for three is the play you draw up?  LMAO!
Gale Sindico::Come on Grizzlies cover the spread!
Joseph Mitchell::Go Grizzlies Grit Grind !!!
Gale Sindico::The fix is in
Kenny Newhouse::Go Grizz!
Kyle Miller::7-31!
