Justus Zumbehl::Rondo is the best player in the NBA
KingchristopherII::rajon rondo
spodol::ESPN, once again your game Recap contains inaccurate information.  It reads that Chris Wilcox played the highest number of minutes of any Celtic player, which the ESPN Box Score clearly contradicts.  If the story is attempting to imply that Wilcox played the most minutes of any bench player, then it is terribly unclear at best.  Please, hold your product to a higher standard.
fireball3120::MVP of the game is paul and Ronjon
fireball3120::Ya I love the celtics.
fireball3120::hey Celtics are having a comeback deal with it.
Dwayne_Johnson23::C's!
rajonMVProndo::One more time C's will go down in history. The big 3's last time together will be a success. Banner 18 here we come and it's going to be an old historic game.... BEAT LA.... if you know what I mean
shooter mcgavin14::i sound like a knowledgeable nba fan. i am also a loyal fan, rooting 4 a team that wont make the playoffs. nets will for many years to come though when dwight and dwill are running the show. celts will miss the playoffs the next few years, and i bet fans like u will stop watching and supporting till they are good again.
KingchristopherII::you sound crazy being a troll and a fan to a team that has no chance of seeing the playoffs at all
shooter mcgavin14::hahaha fans should be optimistic sure, but ur sounding a little crazy now. a game over 500 and your talking about winning a ring. celts or lakers no where near the finals this year, or for the next few years at that.
KINGCAMBORAMBO::The Great Celtics are always better without Jermaine O'neil. Usually when Jermaine is not playing, they are winning.
Zippppppp::Lopez is the worst rebounder I have ever watched
Big 3 in Big D Dirk Deron and Dwight::Seems like Dwight Howard isn't getting traded nets fans. LMAO
shooter mcgavin14::http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/2012/writers/sam_amick/02/27/all.star.wrapup/index.html sam amick from sports illustrated, very reliable soure. i recommend u read it. im sure u wont like what u read though
shooter mcgavin14::good. we want him in free agency so we can keep lopez marshon our 2 1st rd draft picks and get dwight and keep deron. we also have the cap space to get free agents on top of that. if u dont move marion soon(which espn's marc stein is reporting u arent doing, u wount even have the cap space to sign dwight and dwill). sooooo sorry u will have to change ur user name, cause that big 3 isn't happening chump
shooter mcgavin14::celts won 2night, celts are better this year. with that being said, next year nets will have dwill dwight marshon lopez morrow 2 1st rd draft picks in a very deep draft while the celts are in rebuilding mode. celts will make the playoffs and the nets wont i know, but u will be destroyed in the 1st rd then straight to rebuilding mode 4 years to come, while we are in contention for years 2 come.
shooter mcgavin14::ok lets just say best case scenario you get the 3 seed, which you seem confident about you still got to move up. ur currently in the 7 hole at only a game over 500 and the knicks right on ur a $ s.  even if u get the 3 you would have a tough series vs the pacers knicks hawks or magic.  you could win any of those series, but u could easily lose them as well. again, best case scenario you do escape the 1st round you would meet the heat or bulls in the 2nd. this is where your season ends, then you can start the rebuilding process. so enjoy your last time being relevant 4 a few years.
rajonMVProndo::You think were getting destroyed in the 1st round? We are going to be #3 seed and $@%! on the Knicks. The reason I say #3 seed is because Philadelphia has been terribly recently and if the Celtics win the division then they are auto 3 seed. I think the Magic, Hawks, and maybe Pacers will have better records but the C's will have homecourt.
Lebron_James23.1::Lebron James doesn't take the last shot because he has a small weiner. He lacks confidence!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
badger972::Greg, your six rebound, a steal, and a block for 13 min. was great. Keep going!
Sixers1234567::"I'm 1-0 with the headband this year, so I might try to keep it alive" Rondo joked. "I think it's my statement, my signature statement when I won a championship, but who knows. People ask me all the time why I don't wear it anymore. I tried to get a petition but it didn't go through."--------Rondo wore a headband tonight!!!! haha I missed the old headband wearing Rondo..
Grinder420::http://hoopsgrind.com/30-5-5-club/&nbsp;  A simple stat that shows why Lebron is the best and way better than all those so called superstars like Rose and Kobe. &nbsp; Kobe + Durant +Rondo + Melo + Rose = Lebron (14)&nbsp;
RaidersCelticsRedsox::rondo...just keep the headband on pls...thank u. once stern made the rule that a player couldnt wear the headband upside down like rondo did he stopped wearing it altogether instead of complying...but theres just something about the way he plays with that dam.n  headband...keep it on!
Rondofan925::Im liking the Rondo Pierce Bass Pietrus Garnett Lineup
dustinkid94::Jajuan Johnson is something to look forward too, he is going to be a monster with more playing time.
SFCROB1369::I will admit I have not seen many games this year but would someone tell me why Dooling is on this team?  He shoots a low percentage every night yet gets to play.
RaidersCelticsRedsox::hate dooling...loved d. west...ainge messed up....never shlda let d. west walk...dooling is a huge downgroad on defense and offense!!! i dont get y teams let players go when they play heard for their team...he was a celtic..and he fit great with our guys and he had the veteran minimum contract so money wasnt the issue
HeatFanSinceJuly8th2010::Celtics miss the playoffs book it
KingchristopherII::hell yes
Jimmy30313::*lowest
Jimmy30313::your user name is evidence that you are the slowest form of sports fan....
jogle064::Rondo 13 and 14 good night out
handionis::there going to mess up Kris humfries season with these limited minutes hes getting since brook came back!!!
KORNETS::I THOUGHT THIS TOO!!!! BUT HONESTLY ITS MORE IMPORTANT FOR BROOK TO KEEP EXPLODING OFFENSIVELY!!!!! WE NEED THESE POINTS HES VERY RELIABLE AND DRAWS MASSIVE COVERAGE LEAVING WIDE OPEN 333333333333SSSS
jogle064::Brook is under rated he is good
damn334::Paul Pierce and boston are starting to put it all together. I know it might be to late but i think boston can get on a roll. Kevin Garnett was talking about getting a huge win streak going http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZLsl4j6ZSk
Nathan4374::they WILL make noise in the playoffs
arrogantespncommenter2::Yeah, a whimper.
KORNETS::I got some shittt to do, im goin out to see a girl in long island, imma fucckkk her :)
KORNETS::AND GET PAID MILLIONS AND $@%! HOT GIRLS AND BE FAMOUS? $@%! U WOULD DO IT INSTEAD OF BEING THE LOSER U ARE PLEASE!!! AND FOR UR INFO I HATE JERSEY SHORE AND ONCE AGAIN IM NOT FROM NJ IM A NEW YORKER FOR LIFE.  AND I HAVE A 130 IQ IN THE "GIFTED" RANGE
ynot1825::it shows!!!
Nathan4374::yeah i love to look, act and talk like a moron in front of a camera
Nathan4374::sucks that they passed you over when they were casting jersey shore huh
KORNETS::Hell u would Of done it too PLEASE
Nathan4374::ok and we all believe that
KORNETS::im here boys relax
applefrank::Anyone think Austin Rivers has a chance to become a Celtic?
Nathan4374::well not recently
Nathan4374::no they cant ever draft that high
Mudkipz42::Bai guiz i'm off to watch some tentacles
spodol::ESPN, judging by your own box score, Chris Wilcox was NOT the Celtic with the most playing time tonight.  Please check again.
Nathan4374::32 for rondo and pierce
michael107114::20 and 10 for KG in 27 minutes. People think KG is too old but he is still a very good PF maybe for Boston he's too old but when he's a free agent if he went to contender teams like OKC, Miami, Lakers, and Dallas he would fit in perfect, defensively he's still one of the best, imagine if he went to OKC and how he would change that team defensively an with Westbrook and Durant scoring who could beat them? They move Ibaka to the bench an have a solid big off the bench then another scorer in Harder also they would be scary! Then Miami pair him next to Lebron and Wade with his leadership an nastiness would do wonders for that team. Next Lakers pair him next to Bynum get rid of Gasol for a PG Kobe would be re-energized with KG an his energy. And Dallas he'd be a better Tyson Chandler without the block shots and add 15 and 8 consistently. (obviously)  I'm most interested to see where he goes because how much better he'd make those contenders
Nathan4374::they are not playing him because he's tired and I love KG but he gets ripped by quicker players with a jump shot and more athletic big men
Mudkipz42::I think Kornets got banned and police were called   lul
RaidersCelticsRedsox::thank god for rondo wearing the head band again like he did back in '08!!!  he was always solid with the head band haha
Nathan4374::Kornets had stretch marks around his mouth
Mudkipz42::Battier is the heat's leading scorer  lul
Heater_Gooch::mudkipz I think you scared kornets by telling him you are 12
Mudkipz42::!
Mudkipz42::shut up, weiner
Sir_Octavius_Spalding::Why don't you take a seat?
Mudkipz42::Fact: Kornets is an admitted gay Fact: Kornets is a pr0n star Fact: Kornets is an admitted pedophile
Celtics8183::can we trade kornet for a hot woman????
Celtics8183::Lets trade Kornets and his gay friends for some hot women.....
Mudkipz42:::)
Sir_Octavius_Spalding::Trade Rondo straight up for Brian Scalabrine. Let's make this happen.
Mudkipz42::Yes please
freebird1963::Hey were is  that Mc Gavin shooter 14 at ?This moron told you the nets S U C K E D !! HHHHHAAAAAA.HHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAA ! Guess alot of them Neters lost 250.00 on that line !  Maybe the Sopranos will come back on TV and you can have something to be proud of again. Hell even the Mafia thinks NJ sucks,. They only bury the dead bodies there and A Z Z up at that. LOL.
Mudkipz42::KORNETS SAID HE LIKES MY PP AND I AM ONLY 12  WHAT DO I DO
KORNETS::I like small Asian PP ;)
Celtics8183::dude is so gay.....
Heater_Gooch::im relatively surprised I haven't seen the word "Brah" "Bro" etc... come from you yet..
KORNETS::my bunghole is too tight!!  Mudkipz ur 12yr old pre-puberty pricckk is perfect!!! id swallow that shittt!!!!!!!!
Mudkipz42::I;M CALLING CHRIS HANSON $@% HOEL
Mudkipz42::Flagged  Pedophile
Nathan4374::just got here lmao u guys r giving it to that gay guy and he's loving it
Mudkipz42::Kornets is a pedophile - I am 12
Mudkipz42::i am 12 and what is this
oreed born again sox4life::Jermaine Oneal should have never took all those dam'n charge!. he does not have extra fat like big baby
DL_0521::Why do the Celtics still have fans?
DL_0521::hahaha your time is over and they want to trade their best player shows how smart management is have fun sucking
oreed born again sox4life::its call loyal fans ..win or lose
Nathan4374::why do u care?
Heater_Gooch::um maybe because they won a title a few years back and damn near won another a year or so later.
Mudkipz42::i can't post
KORNETS::Why is it EVERY DAMN CHAT/BLOG I GO TOO I END UP BEING THE CENTER ATTRACTION???  WTF?!?!?!
Nathan4374::and say i wanna suck on ur PP
Celtics8183::Because you are a Diva.....very flamboyant gay man...
Heater_Gooch::oh.. and wear tank tops.
Heater_Gooch::h0 mos usually call for attention where ever they go.
KORNETS::u really got a Gooch thats hot baby ;)
