salibu4::.
k_nak::shouldn't ridnour be coming off the bench and have maybe Webster at the off guard to spot up for 3's?  seems strange having two point guards starting.  Clippers do that as well with Paul/Billups.  Then the Clips have Mo Williams and Foye --2 more PG's-- on the roster.  MN has Barea on the bench.  Is the league short on shooting guards or something?  Webster's even listed as a SF.
md7152::maybe at some point webster will be in there.  Right now, Ridnour on the opposite side of Rubio offers more ball movement and really spreads the floor out for Minn.  They get hurt sometimes on the defensive side because of match ups.  Ridnour is doing a lot of little things right, that don't necessarily show up in the stats everynight.  I am not sure if the coach can afford to have Ridnour and Berea on the bench at the same time much because they both deserve quality minutes when healthy.
Jacob 014::wow... good game by both teams... morrow seems to be a hidden gem (pretty easy to say that after he has the best game of his career)... he is exactly what the t-wolves need! How many wes johnsons would we have to give you guys for him :)
David Richie::stop with the "u mad bro"
Jacob 014::haha i was sarcastic... u mad bro?... go wolves
DPetro10::Nevr trade the best three point shooter for that piece of $@%!.... lets go nets
SDunick::good game wolves. pek just exploded last night.
ibnfrey::Go Wolves! :)  WTG Pek!
relentlessind127::once the twolves figure out what lineup clicks we are going to be scary good.  You can see just in minutes the runs we go on when we start clicking. if we can develop that kind of chemistry into next year. We will for sure be around a 4 or 5 seed.  Winning helps so this year win all you can playoffs or no playoffs im pumped for next year
MNfreakTim::With how deep that draft is next year getting Utah's pick is so important since we lost our pick.
minny snowta::i'm pumped for this year!  i like the new look wolves, new coach and schemes, rubio, pekovic, derrick williams.  it's been a fun season already but very much looking forward to next year.  i hope the jazz make the playoffs so we get that pick.
joe kj2::Hopefully Nets beat the Knicks tonight, because I want to see Knicks fans cry on their mommy's lap about how their overrated team can't beat a Nets team without their best players and put a better record together than them.
barrk0::8, 3s?
FranciscoKern::Rubio &gt; Williams
Dirty-Diaper::Where did this Pekovic guy come from, he's been beasting!
minny snowta::i think it's okay to have Darko start, it's good to have Pek come off the bench to bring some spark and surprise to the game.  it's also good to get Darko warmed up early, in case he gets hot.  it's the same for ridnour and wes johnson.  they both aren't as productive as their back ups(Martell Webster and Beasley) but if the get hot, they can play it out.  if they start to stink, in comes webster and big easy to turn around the game.  i would love to see a line up of pek, love, beasley, webster and rubio all game but basketball just doesn't work that way.
Throatwobbler3728::He was playing basketball during the lockout, while D Mill was playing Sony Play Station. This man was dominating in Europe for a long time and I wonder when will Adelman realize that he is a starting center for Minesota. Let's be honest here, Darko was a second draft pick in a year with Lebron, Carmelo, Wade and Bosch, but he didnt make any progress since, and just because hes a spoiled, lazy brat.  If you give Pek 10 post positions he'll score 8 or more. That's a 20+, 10+ player right there. I just hope Rick will realize that. I remember him when he was 19 coming to Partizan Belgrade. After first season as a backup center nobody expected anything from him. But he came back following season and started making every single post position they gave him against any center in Europe. He soon became the Euroleague MVP. This man is a worker.
MNsportswopwopwah::Not sure but i'll say Serbia?
MNsportswopwopwah::oh and when I "quote" coaches its all made up guys.  I'm just assuming its what they say because it makes no sense haha
MNsportswopwopwah::"I'm so proud of Wes and Darko.  What they've done for this team can't be measured.  Pek had a good game.  Just unfortunately he doesn't match what I'm looking for.  For the rest of the year Darko and Wes will start.  They consistently deserve it." Rick Adleman
Vikeslegit::Wolves gonna win a championship in 2012!
DPetro10::HAHA the tims fans are so $@%!$@%!
minny snowta::stop it!!
oOo NEW YORK GIANTS oOo::LOVE = BEST OR (TIED) FOR BEST PF IN THE GAME WITH BLAKE GRIFFEN. IN MY PERSONAL OPINION BLAKE IS MORE EXPLOSIVE AND WILL PUT MORE BUTTS IN THE SEATS BUT, I WOULD MUCH RATHER HAVE LOVE ON MY TEAM IF I WAS TRYING TO WIN CHAMPIONSHIPS. "FACT"
DPetro10::Love blows he got all his points from the line last game
minny snowta::the all star game is a popularity contest!  i'll say it again for good measure.  love is a better complete player-he can shoot, play d, hit his free throws and 3 pointers, he scores and rebounds more than griffin and if you all recall, love hit the game winning 3 pointer vs. the clips while griffen just stood under the hoop looking dumb.  and love is better looking!!  blake looks like a caveman with velcro for hair.  but, griffen can dunk the ball with power.  that is what all the kids who vote for the all stars pay the most attention to.  fact.
WorldSeriesTwins88::Lik you said, peoplelike to watch Griffin, so they voted for him. Th better playr is Love, but the better entertainer is Griffin.
oOo NEW YORK GIANTS oOo::So how the hell did Love not get voted into the Allstar game by the fans??? I hope they were just kidding and are going to make this right before allstar weekend!
oOo NEW YORK GIANTS oOo::Kevin Love is the man... Rubio is a great young budding star as well and with the help of Williams &amp; Beasley this team has a shot to be dominant if they continue to draft well + hang onto those peices long term.
Been banned twice::LETS GO WOLVES
YoungKeeks30::Allen Iverson and his latest legal issues http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/02/we-talkin-bout-practice.html Check out what's going on in the wide world of sports http://www.the-outfielder.com
YoungKeeks30::Ricky Rubio is a Truth http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/01/ricky-rubio-is-real-deal.html Check out what's going on in the wide world of sports http://www.the-outfielder.com/
OldBeCrYaNt24::And of course Morrow will be snubbed yet again from the 3point shootout this year....
espncomnba::DAM.N IF YOU HAVE 4 WILLIAMS ON YOUR ROSTER, THATS NOT A TEAM. THAT S A FAMILY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dinomeyt::Bahahaha
Dinomeyt::Wolves have a chance, but everyone needs to play....yes wes, u too. Go wolves
Been banned twice::lets go wolves lets get a win at target center
jiggy007::Love not going to the All Star will keep him fresh, and since he got himself in good shape it should make a tremendous difference in our playoff run  Mark it down.
minny snowta::yea, why would you say he isn't going to the all-star game?  and it's not like any of the players really exert themselves in the asg, he will be fresh for WHATEVER is coming this season.
RickMoranisFan101::Hope you're not really dumb enough to believe he's not going to the all star game. Not gonna start, but obviously he's gonna be on the team
jiggy007::HAHA Rubio dixed D-Will 10/10/ and 6 steals.    The Wolves will make a serious push in the playoffs this year.     Rubio has what we need.
kenbomc::D-will tried to make his mark against Ricky..but failed.
Been banned twice::uh oh wolves haters in the house...classic
Hater_Player::Uh oh...Timberfairies are almost at .500. Look out everyone.
mauer_7isgreat::alright man. just because our T'Wolves are a threat doesnt mean you have to hate.
GoredBy21::Kevin Love not getting voted to the all star game is the biggest travesty in sports history
Just.doit::True that, I bet if it wasn't up to the fans, Griffin wouldn't be a starter lol Love &gt; Griffin. And I'm not even a Griffin hater, I really like he's game but Love is just a more complete player.
Goldfinger5887::Just heard that Roseanne wants to run for President.............are you &amp;^%&amp;^ kidding me??
Sin cuenta::woody
MNsportswopwopwah::"We got great production from Wes and Darko.  Expect them to remain in the starting roles for awhile.  Were building confidence with those guys. As for Pek unfortunately we just don't have room for a guy like him at this time." Rick Adleman
MNsportswopwopwah::No I just assume that's his thought process
RickMoranisFan101::yeah, Wes was lights out for the minutes he played lol. And  Darko started while pekovic came off the bench. Both starters got lit up by the Wolves bench players that play their positions. You might be trying to make the single dumbest point regarding our team
bmulli5097::no surprise. Coaches always say stuff like that. Look at how many minutes Pek got tonight
nh_55::Did he say that tonight?
imhungry13579::I HATE WHEN COACHES DONT DO THE OBVIOUS AND PUT THE BETTER PLAYER AS STARTERS.  Pekovic is clearly better than milicic, yet doesnt start, but ends up getting more mins.  Trevor Booker in Washington, is better than Vesley, yet vesley starts and booker ends up playing more mins. this happens all the time on manyyy teams and i just dont understand it.  if ur gonna play a certain player more, start the guy and maximize his time.  wolves are so much better when hes at center.  milicic suckssss
rockndoc2::Its about who plays with whom, and its about who is on the floor in crunch time.  Its not abnormal at all.
nh_55::In some instances it can be a psychlogical thing.  Some players feel less pressure if they play starter's min but come off the bench.  Idk it's weird, can't really explain it.
GlassMan27::Game wasn't televised here, just wondering... did Derrick, Derone, Shelden, Shawne, and Jordan Williams ever all end up on the court at the same time? Would have been fun listening to the announcers during that stretch.
XxLeprechaunxX::williams passes to williams who dumps it off for williams... OHH!! its stolen by williams! Williams with the Jam!! lol no it didnt happen
Been banned twice::where does everyone go to college?
hoops_star30::u of m duluth all day mahfukkkas
Jacob 014::actually the u of m... just had to have a jared allen reference in there
Jacob 014::cullinary school
DJBJ44::Ball State
XxLeprechaunxX::UofM twin cities yo
rogbcool::Ball So Hard University
kenbomc::It's OK to play Left Field.
nh_55::Devry Institute
imhungry13579::lol u assume everyone here, or even majority, are currently attending college?
PoRtEr_24::Man, where's all my TWOLVES FANS AT!!!!  Oh, they're probably over on the Dallas board.  Should probably go join them
XxLeprechaunxX::lol sad but its true
TheInsuperiorOne::They didnt show the game locally in MN so that is probably why there aint many of us
jahmarcusRuss2::pek is the best white boy in the league
dullex::I hope they give him more playing time...he played for my fav team in serbia, partizan, for a few years and during the lockout, he's a beast and one of the best centers in europe. almost guaranteed 20-10 a game when he finds his groove and that time seems to be coming...
ty89513::Wonder if Humphries nailed Kim K?
mdtuzo::that was probably the first thing he made sure to accomplish... otherwise what is the point?
ty89513::Agree, y put up with the b.i.t.i.c.h. if she aint putting out
roy rodgers mcfreeley::why are all the t'wolves games not on tv i hate looking at the box scores to see if they won
Goldfinger5887::Anyone here had Stone beer before? Like Stone IPA, Stone Arrogant $@%!$@% (it's a $@%!$@% of a drink)
imhungry13579::stone IPA and arrrrrogant $@%!$@% are awesome
Been banned twice::dou know tony gwynn?
Goldfinger5887::no
jimmyjam289::DW played like he's back on "blow".  That stuff will eat you up in the end.
Goldfinger5887::What is everyone's favorite type of beer to drink??
03memberofsociety::Natural Light
03memberofsociety::PBR
mdtuzo::lmfao you crack me up dude
nh_55::classy
roy rodgers mcfreeley::schmidt
nh_55::I'm sure it is.  I was jus bustin b.a.l.l.s.
roy rodgers mcfreeley::its good beer no video will change my mind i know your talking about the one with adam sandler in it
nh_55::Watch the video.  You will get it.
03memberofsociety::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ve-3sUNtjJE
roy rodgers mcfreeley::why do you have a ? mark there like you are asking are some kind of idiot?
03memberofsociety::That was hillarious
nh_55::Schmidts Gay?
nh_55::Rolling Rock without a doubt
mdtuzo::irish cider and blue moon
petersonryanace::wolves better get through next stretch and get over .500 after the next few games they've got a brutal schedule.
tjverwor::MAVS gonna lose again
petersonryanace::what's new... they're aging and complacent.
petersonryanace::i still have no idea how wes johnson ended up positive on +/-.  he looks mostly lost
XxLeprechaunxX::cause he plays with the other starters who are good!
tjverwor::he had about a 5 minute stretch of awesomeness, but yeah he sucks in general
Goldfinger5887::San Diego State must breed models............they're everywhere........
Been banned twice::have u been there?
Been banned twice::do u ever bang the models?
Goldfinger5887::nah.......heard they are rich and stuck up over there
Been banned twice::do u ever go over to u of san diego?
Goldfinger5887::State.......
Been banned twice::where do u go?
Goldfinger5887::yes
stopbanningmeplease4::Nate Wolters=best division 1 basketball player
Been banned twice::ive seen his youtube highlights hes so sick
Been banned twice::univ of southern cal
Been banned twice::indeed they do
Been banned twice::visited where?
mdtuzo::belee dat!
Been banned twice::did you bang any of them?
mdtuzo::sc
thewolf1616::ethier way cali girls are beautiful lol
eototal::Minnesota Girls = Hot Blonde and Scandinavian
nh_55::It doesn't matter where you go Cali, the girls are all pretty hot.
mdtuzo::just talking in the getting laid/frat parties/collegy atmosphere kind of way. i understand california in general has a lot of hot girls
nh_55::Yea definitely.  Was on vacation there a few yrs ago and even the women in their 40s are hot.
mdtuzo::i went there to visit my friend one weekend... the girls are INCREDIBLE
Been banned twice::U of san diego&gt;SD state
thewolf1616::san diego state&gt;usc
mdtuzo::NOPE
xXApexX23::.
thewolf1616::lame
Been banned twice::where does everyone attend college?
Ryan1992458::minnesota state university Moorhead
anen87::dropout
stopbanningmeplease4::Cambridge
mdtuzo::lol
nh_55::Marketing Research
03memberofsociety::Harvard
03memberofsociety::Same school as Morrow
nh_55::Haha nice
mdtuzo::LOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLL
03memberofsociety::Harvard School of Vacuum Repair in Bakersfield Ca.
mdtuzo::what year are you
Been banned twice::grad school for what?
shaq395::duke!
shaq395::still a diehard syracuse fan though haha
nh_55::Undergrad from North Dakota State University.  Going to U of Nebraska for grad school next fall.
thewolf1616::im ricky rubio....i didnt need college i just play basketball
treyhusko1::University of None of you business... LOL
mdtuzo::syracuse now, colombia next fall
Been banned twice::^^nice!
stopbanningmeplease4::UMD
Been banned twice::yeah
nh_55::On this board?  What?
mdtuzo::petro: 3 fouls, 0 blks, 7 minutes of action. shelden: 3 fouls, 0 blks, 22 minutes of action jordan: 3 fouls, 0 blks, 16 minutes of action  bigs played atrociously tonight, very poor interior defense. im surprised love, didnt go off for 40 tonight (although pekovic having the game of his life more than made up for it).
stopbanningmeplease4::I see pek averaging 25 a game here on out
mdtuzo::lol then use him as trade bait for howard and convince him to resign
drftw42134::It just bothers me how morrow scored 42 points and the Nets lose! That must really $@%! him off. I hope that they learn from this game and move on forward and tomorrow we blowout the knicks or get a tough win there
drftw42134::although we did lost; I am happy to see much much better basketball from the Nets than the last couple of years. Hopefully we can make a playoff run and win the championship
mdtuzo::main thing is getting healthy, though im glad to see shawne williams and farmar playing with more and more confidence.
Been banned twice::anyone in college in MN?
03memberofsociety::gotta love the college girls man...I keep getting older but they stay the same age.
nh_55::????
