El Jefe MN::If Minny ever figures out a way to close out tight games, they could be fairly dangerous team.  Considering they have three viable options in Martin, Pek and Love - I don't see why that should be a problem.  One thing to consider is that this is really a new team.  While Pek, Love and Rubio have been together the past 3 years - they really didn't play together at all last season.  Rubio and Love only played 28 minutes and Pek missed a slew of games.  As the season goes on (assuming they remain healthy-always a big IF) they should continue to get better.  Turiaf brings a lot of energy off the bench, Mbah a Moute is a solid defender, and when Budinger comes back he'll help bring much needed scoring and stability to the bench rotation.    Plus, they are a fun team to watch....bonus.
Eric::They better hire a new shooting coach soon in Minnesota because every shot Rubio and Shved take is clanging off the rim (or backboard). I'm willing to bet if they weren't ballers they'd be in the Masonry trade.
Dan::Minnesota clowns Philly yet again. In other news, the world is round.
Real-Truth::When you get outrebounded by 13 and have 9 more turnovers and the other team hits 61 percent from three it is going to be a bad day.
Scott::Are the officials cheating the wolves again tonight?
John::Why does the scoreboard show NCAA football scores?
Teams stink::A sure sign of a pathetic truly garbage team is one that gets blown out, like this!  You're a joke philli!  How does a team go from beating a good portland team to getting their cans destroyed AT HOME, in the next game??!!  It proves how bad this team really is.  Inconsistency is an absolute sign of an awful team!  Also, this game shows that philli has ZERO defense.  They don't challenge any 3 point shots so listen up, league!  Just shoot 3's on these idiots all day and you'll get to pound them to dust, also! :)  I hope you lose every game for the rest of the year, losers!
chuck d::Philly needs to get Hawes more shots and run a lot of their offense thru him like they did early in the year when they were actually winning every once in a while.
moviestallion::i want mcw to run wild!
aaron::Got to hand it to those T-wolves the brought their (A) game
