Yiannis Heroe::big help from refs to get this one. horrible calls on Demarcus
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Yiannis Heroe - i agree 100 percent, this was a one sided officiating game. Clippers aint nothing but lil ... you fill in the blank lol. Worst flopping team in the nba.
Evander Smart::Two crybabies.  No waiting.  You must be in DeMarcus' entourage.
Brandon Toney-James::Evander Smart -Bet you ain't a true Clippers fan.
Evander Smart::D-Marc ain't go no home training.  That's his problem. When there's a no-class move to be made, he always comes through in the clutch
Brandon Toney-James::In what ways?
Evander Smart::Brandon Toney Pick one! He grabbed Isaiah Thomas and made sure he didn't shake CP3's hand after the game.  I guess you missed it.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Kings 19 Free throw attempts to clippers 35, the refs are being one sided just because of the home team advantage ! Lets face it people NBA cant have home team lose too much because they dont want to lose fans which will cause them to lose money. NBA is a bu$ine$$ first and basketball 2nd. Corporations 101 for anyone who is oblivious to the facts that money runs everything !
Jose Ramon Bautista::lol watch the game. the kings have been purposely fouling jordan everytime they get a chance. I am a kings fan btw.
Russ Harris::# Earnest Bagdasaryan............Totally my sentiments....exactly..............Good Post, Bro!
Forest Brigham::If the nba is about making money why are the kings in sac? Lol
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Its about time refs started calling some fouls against the HOME team. Fair is fair !  Clippers with 28 free throw attempts at the line now ! ( kings 14 ) Talk about nba favoring home teams and big market teams.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::This is going to be a great game. I see my Kings are playing nothing but LA from November 23 - 29th. Beat LA week lol, ;) If they really step it up Kings might be able to steal 1 game vs the clippers at our house. We all ready know the kings will beat the Lakers.  I see us being 1-1 vs the clippers. I know some clipper fans will get there feelings hurt, but cant argue with the odds of them splitting this series.  Happy early thanks giving to all. Lets keep this clean and participate without out being childish. Good Luck LA !
Justin Jenkins::www.facebook.com/ClipperClowns
Ernest Bagdasaryan::LOL that was funny ! Did you make this ? Hate the Lakers, but they are LA's true team. Clippers will be a memory once Chris paul realizes he cant and wont win a championship here and leaves. Blake griffin probably does the same. Back to being the regular old clippers.
Eric Lopez::Really? You think they will become the same old Clippers? Haha. You're lost.
Aaron Rooney::Poor Justin Jenkins...
Mark Sugimoto::Boogie is the best center in the game right now.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::I agree 100 percent. He will only get better !
Sam Becker::Ernest Bagdasaryan You are 100% wrong. I don't care what kind of numbers he puts up, he ends up losing games for his team when they need him most. The best centers in the game HELP their teams in crunch time. Just a stat stuffer with a massive attitude problem AT BEST.
Billy Stith::The clippers are he'll a dirty
Ali Lukie Ozeir::Every game the Clippers play they get a Huge Lead and then they always Blow the big lead! There Defense was better with VDN then Doc Rivers.I hope Doc fixes the problem i know there in a new system but there D is very bad.What happen to Antawn Jamison? Why is he never in the game? They can use him as a SF and a Stretch 4 why isn't he getting any playing time?
Mike Wagener::ESPN just about has an orgasm anytime CP3 does anything - "CP3 hits clutch freethrow..."  Really?  Don't players do that just about every night?  I love how ESPN shows their bias to everything east and west coast.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Anyone want to predict the final score, and who will be the top performer from both teams ?  I have to say kings pull away a close W 97-95. Cousins and Griffin both get a double double. ( 20 pts 10+ rbs each ) I love it when this 2 teams play, both fast paced !
Chad Wiggins::lol nah
Aaron Rooney::https://www.facebook.com/Lakerclowns  Try something original, Justin Jenkins. Pathetic...lol
Derek Mustachi::What's wrong with these clowns? They've been getting worked over ever since the first quarter.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Kings have turned it ON ! for the last 2 quarters. 2 pt game back from 20 pts . Clippers TO is killing them ! way to go kings !!!
Tom Totosz::i would love to see the clippers plane take a dive on the next road trip. the world would be a better place
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Hey Adam Morrison, you take sports too seriously. Get a  life.
Tom Totosz::Ikenna Nwaghanata just an opinion.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Nice 20 pts comeback kings ! 20-40 at 9 min mark. griffin with 3 fouls all ready.
Forest Brigham::Why is there a team in sacramento lol
Peter Peterr::small market, but great fan base. Sacramento fans loyal and passionate, just like the GSWarriors fan base.  I lived in Sacramento, they love their kings.
Taun Griffin::LA clips go to Western Conference Finals
Ernest Bagdasaryan::This is an exciting game, go kings !
Dax Snaer::Two LA Wins back to back.
Denise Dunn-Dixon Richards::This makes someone I know velly-velly happy! :))
Adam Youman::Longest double double streak from the beginning of the season is over...
Alan Ogg::all clippers fans, no wait, all LOS ANGELES fans are FAKE. i lived in LA from 86-1994 and then from 2002-05 and there were not such thing as a clippers fan
Patrick MacKinnon::I love how Dermarcus litterly pulled isaih thomas away  from Chris Paul to avoid him giving a handshake.  I'd say sore loser to DC, but he has a valid reason to be pissed.
Travis Jewell::IT was going to Jamal Crawford, not Paul.  Crawford and IT are buddies from Seattle.
Patrick MacKinnon::Travis Jewell Yeah, i only saw the replay and it looked Paul, my mistake.
Victor Aguilera::Patrick, the only valid reason is that Cousins is an a**hole!
Joe Brooks::I see "lob city" is still playing about as good as they did in OKC. Doc needs to teach this team how to play like an NBA team instead of like the Harlem Globetrotters.
Yak Djukanovic::YEAH F OUTTA HERE THESE CLOWNS DEFF DON'T DESERVE A W TODAY! LAY DOWN GIVE IT TO THE KINGS THEY PLAYED THERE BUTTS OFF AFTER THAT 1st Quarter.
