Calvarius Harper::I don't know what i'm more mad about Dirk missing 4 good shots in the fourth wtf Dirk or the refs giving the the clippers the W
Renee Pantoja::DIrk gave the win to the Clippers. You guys lost by 2, if Dirk would have made 1 of the 4 shots they would have won or at least tied the game. We had bad no calls against us too.
Calvarius Harper::Renee Pantoja you are blind and need to stop watching basketball if u don't think the refs handed the clippers the victory regardless of Dirk going cold in the 4th
Steve Barrios::Calvarius Harper 23-4 down the stretch... yep that was all the refs
Corey Ellyn::Dirk got isolated with Reddick gaurding him and took 3 22 foot shots. Missed them all
Renee Pantoja::It was the ref's fault damm it!
Zack Oliver::Oh my god dirk was posting up on our smallest guy everytime! I was at the game and SURE he'd score and we would lose and EVERYTIME he missed...so exciting!!!
Pablo Juarez::Wow... the foul called on Marion when Crawford was driving was complete bull.
Michael Lorenzo Lance::The foul called on dirk when crawford was shooting was bull
Pablo Juarez::Crawford falls down on his own but the refs just have to blow the whistle. What a joke.
Ryan Jose::It was a D-Wade call…lol.
Ryan Jose::So Blake Griffen is rewarded for being a douche bag, and Clippers are handed the win by getting every call down the stretch, and 6 points in one trip down the floor which is supposed to be illegal…smh.
Joseph Dane::Actually, if instead of playing the game, you try to put flagrant fouls on the opponent and trash talk them into getting tossed, you deserve to lose, which Dallas did.
Ryan Jose::Lol, so the team with Blake Griffen, and Matt Barnes are the victims that's hilarious. Dallas didn't do that, they had no reason to, they were up by 15 with 4 minutes to go. It wasn't all the home officiating, though they couldn't have won without it, Dallas did do things that they deserve to lose for, like taking super early shots when they could have basically dribbled out the clock, and Nowitzki missing 4 shots in a row to end the game, but picking on poor Barnes, and Griffen weren't one of them.
Luke Hawley::Ryan Jose If you dont even know how to spell Griffin's name, I'm not sure ow much you watch the NBA
Nicholas Duke Falldine::What a joke. The officiating was absolutely terrible and helped the Clippers out big time. Mavs mismanaged the clock down the stretch really bad and Dirk went ice cold.
John Malichky::Remember that Vince Carter started this by roughing up Griffin with the needless technical and then instigated Dalembert to do the same.  Looks like they were defending Wright's bloody lip, but this win would have been pretty important.  Every game is going to be important in the West where 4th seed - 9th seed is going to be decided by a few games.  Tough loss for the Mavs.  Hard to beat the Clips when they shoot 17/34 from 3 land though
Nicholas Duke Falldine::John Malichky this game was over until that BS technical and flagrant foul on Dalembert. If anything that is a double technical. Star treatment 100%. That is the NBA though...   Still, all we needed was one shot the last minute of the game and couldn't get anything. These games are going to be the Mavs undoing come the last couple weeks of the season.
Luke Hawley::Nicholas Duke Falldine Dirk is one of the biggest stars in the the NBA, you really can't complain about the stars getting calls
T-Black Letmeseeit::Lets see if ESPN does a story about how the refs fu$ked us tonight!!!!!!!
Renee Pantoja::How do the ref's screw you? Dallas let the Clippers go on a 23 to 4 run in the last 5 minutes. Dirk missed 4 shots that he was making all night long at the end. Did the ref's make Dirk miss those shots. Shut Up!
Steve Barrios::Dont blame the refs for this game... Mavs had plenty of chances to close out on the clips... but didnt capitalize... thats what happens when you try and get blake T'd up just to get him kicked out... cant blame the refs for the clippers going on a 23-4 stretch to end the game
Renee Pantoja::Man, I thought the Dallas Fans had more class, they sound like Laker Fans. I was starting to wonder if I was the only one that noticed that the Clippers went on a 23 - 4 run at the end of the game. The 4 rocks that Dirk threw up at the end didn't help them either. There were bad calls that went against the Clipper too. Let's Go Clippers !!!!!!
Ruth Miller::Renee Pantoja , all Dallas fans do is whine.
Nathan Skinner::Ruth Miller If this happened to your team night after night you would too. 16 point FT disparity when the stats and the video evidence show that shouldn't have happened.
Peter Bernhardt::Figures Mavs Fans would complain...hypocrites....your team won two games in the past week on ref non calls..but of course that was ok....didn't hear Cuban cry about those..but he will on this one....that's for sure.
Nathan Skinner::No, Cuban actually agreed with them and said he wished they would go deeper and look at the rest of the game as well. Which was a good point. Be honest, if your team lost a 16 point lead solely on free throws you would be up in arms.
Eric Lopez::Lets go Clippers! Make it 18-3 at home.
Renee Pantoja::Oh Me Oh My, what a run in the last 5 minutes. Let's Go Clippers!!!!!!!!!!
Brian Mack::terrible last 5 min of game!!!! poor clock management and lousy execution!!!! Wtf happened to Dirk......missed his last four shots..wtf
Steve Lazarus::"Who's the best player?" you say, Is it James, Durant, Rudy May? It's the Neanderthal bloke, The rest are a joke, It's Griffin going away.
Ali Lukie Ozeir::What are you saying? For the past Month Blake is the 4th highest scorer in the NBA Behind KD,Melo,Love He also takes 7-9 shots less than them Blake griffin is the only player in the NBA with 22 point per game 10 rebounds a game 4 Assists and is shooting better than 50% Can you say MVP? But of course you never hear the National Media talking about Blake Griffin who is the most Underrated player in the NBA! In my View he is the best PF in the NBA and he is only 24 years old he is also the most Athletic PF in the NBA! He is having a Career year!
Jared Keen::3.4 assists per game. Love beats him in points, reb and assists (25ppg, 13reb, 4 assist). Hes not the only in the nba at anything. Blake is at best 3rd or 4th behind love, Aldridge and Davis.
Dakota Mckenzie::Jared Keen  look at shooting percentage, only reason love gets those kind of stats because of the amount of times he shots the ball.  I'm not saying Griffin is better but the margin is not as big as people make it out to be.
D'Andrae Wiggins::Let's go Mavs! Rebound, rebound, rebound....did I mention the key to this game is rebounding?
James Clay::Every win is worth the same in the ratings, but this one is so important.
Carl D Hill::"What is this "rebound" thingy you speak of?"---Dirk
D'Andrae Wiggins::Carl it's sad but true.... he used to be a really good rebounder but as the saying goes used to be's don't make honey no more
Philip Pennington::The league will need a full page spread to apologize to the Mavs after this loss.
Renee Pantoja::How can Dallas blame anybody for letting the Clippers make a 23 to 4 run with 5 minutes left in the game. Get real. Oh I guess the ref's yelled and screamed when Dirk missed those 4 shots at the end of the game.
Nathan Skinner::Renee Pantoja How much of that 23-4 run was FTs. How many of them were unwarranted? It's pretty easy to make a 23-4 run when the refs take your hand and walk you right to it. 6 points in one possession will do it for sure. I'm pretty sure that's not supposed to happen.
Renee Pantoja::OH ME OH MY, CLIPPERS WIN, CLIPPERS WIN!!!!
Kemala Martin::With Paul out  the whole clipper team has to step up their flopping, these refs aren't going to fool themselves Link to espn flop of the yr starting cp3cp3 nba.si.com/.../nba-flops-chris-paul-reggie-Evans-Kevin-Martin/
Dakota Mckenzie::awww, why not scamper back to your warriors board and look how much Curry flops/cries
Luke Hawley::flop of the year from 3 years ago? good one, are you now gonna talk about LeBron not showin up in the 4th quarter?
Renee Pantoja::Hey Tamale, what happened to your Dubs tonight? My Clippers made a 23 to 4 run tonight in the last 5 minutes to beat Dallas. Oh never mind just saw the Dub's got beat by Denver.
Lester Ayers::the mavs should have won this game even with the obvious blown calls constantly against us in the fourth. ...should have kept playing through ellis even after the iladvised shot.....I say that because he kept finding the open man...the last time he touched the ball he posted drew a double found jose for a wide open three......late game execution should have been dirk and monta pick and roll and that way he could find open shooters or a layup for himself or one of our interior players. ...imo......but the refs were horrible crawford go to the hole fall down roll over and sit up no travel call and the phantom foul calls he got in the fourth. ....mavs need an apology. ...
Renee Pantoja::Mavs need not to choke.
Ali Lukie Ozeir::What are you saying? For the past Month Blake is the 4th highest scorer in the NBA Behind KD,Melo,Love He also takes 7-9 shots less than them Blake griffin is the only player in the NBA with 22 point per game 10 rebounds a game 4 Assists and is shooting better than 50% Can you say MVP? But of course you never hear the National Media talking about Blake Griffin who is the most Underrated player in the NBA! In my View he is the best PF in the NBA and he is only 24 years old he is also the most Athletic PF in the NBA! He is having a Career year!
Jared Keen::Try 3.4 assists per game. Love beats him in points, reb and assists (25ppg, 13reb, 4 assist). Hes not the only in the nba at anything. Blake is at best 3rd or 4th behind love, Aldridge and Davis.
Scott Critchfield::It's funny to hear all these Texas fans cry about bad calls. Re-watch the game sweethearts, there were bad calls on both sides of the ball.  Earlier in the game, Crawford "fouled" Ellis off a screen, when Jamal was at least 2ft away and didn't touch him in the shot.  Only after Ellis missed, did the late whistle blow. This is the NBA we are talking about, no game goes without tampering from the league.
John Doane::i was just hoping to see some of these questionable calls in the highlights.
Casey H. Robinson::So, clearly, the Clippers still need a legitimate defensive/rebounding in the paint when Blake/DJ are on the bench.  So who do they pick up?  Bynum, NO.  Turkoglu.  Makes no sense.  The scoring is there.  WE NEED A BIG MAN OFF THE BENCH.  Hell, I'd take Jason Collins right now.
Josh Griggers::Griffin is a dirty player. He's always involved in some type of pushing and shoving. And he ALWAYS acts like he's the victim. Starting to notice a common denominator here
Hairo Gonzalez::Apparently you don't watch much basketball
Luke Hawley::Hairo Gonzalez hes always involved because teams constantly instigate him into cheap techs
Paul Pk Kim::I WAS THERE!   6 rows from the court!   The game was HYPE!   We were LOUD.     Clips down by 17 in the 4th and come back to win without CP3!!!  This will be valuable experience for playoff time!     CLIPPER NATION Since 1992!
Jamie Winterstern::Dallas will soon be passed by the Wolves or Grizzlies and then all these homers will have something else to complain about other than bad officiating
Fjodor Balla::Grizzlies are a helluva team with Gasol back.Wolves? Get the hell outta here
Jamie Winterstern::Fjodor Balla **Nuggets
Steven Haal::Wow. I get so tired of reading about how the @dallasmavs couldn't hold a sizable in the last few minutes of a game.  #FinishWhatYouStarted!
Joseph Fabian::Lets see--Rangers Choke---Cowboys Choke--Mavs Choke---bet you'll beat the Lakers.
Rockne Vereor Burt::City of Dallas' theme is "choke"
Nathan Skinner::Rockne Vereor Burt LA doesn't have a football team and their baseball team has been a joke up until the moment they spent 300 mil on players who will probably still not win them anything, and I've already been over this: LAC hasn't won anything. You're first division title as a franchise was last year and it didn't get any better. So...no talking for you.
Rockne Vereor Burt::Nathan Skinner I'm not a LAC fan not really a true Mavs fan either. I'll cheer for them, but I just speak the truth and you know it too. Dallas teams are choke artists. I hope they prove me wrong not looking like it will happen any time soon. I'm a true Dallas Cowboys fan, but they aren't doing anything to improve that franchise. Jerry likes to stay right around .500 or below.
Harry Boughner::I can't wait for the NBA to apologize for that "and 1," foul for Griffen. Seriously, what an awful call.
