krusty627::If the Raptors are winless without one player, they are not a cohesive team. Bargnani is very good, but if that's all they have, then they are in for a very very painfully long short season.  Their ownership has very deep pockets. They need to empty them out and buy some success. They need to take a page out of the Blue Jays' management play-book from 1985.  Fans have been patient - the team still draws 14000+ for non-premium games. They will need to be patient for two more years only if management acts immediately. If they do not act now, the team will never be successful and it will be sold, then moved within 5 to 7 years.
tstruckzies6024::One thing is for sure: JR and Kenyon won't be back. I would like to see Wilson, but last year he took too many shots and wasn't knocking them down. Maybe he was just on a cold streak, but I see him more of a lockdown defender like Brewer, rather then a shooter.
Nuggets-Wilson Chandler::He can score as well i think it was just a new system for him last year but i think he'll be back in March he's my favorite player in the NBA
Greg_T60::Fernandez hits tres like JR without the drama and how about Miller from 60+ ft!
paul2285::They will need Wilson Chandler for the playoff run, another scorer and solid D man which will be a must in the post season
HeatFan85::Nuggets vs Heat 2012 finals
Nuggets-Wilson Chandler::is gonna be tough because i think the Clippers, Grizzlies, Spurs and Mavs are going to get better once they get healthy but i think we will be ok once we get Wilson Chandler back in March
paul2285::Awesome matchup for sure
Broncman17::That'd be sweet. Nuggs have to do better vs the Thunder this year though. Gonna be tough, but these guys got a good shot. GO NUGGS!!!
Broncman17::Scary depth man, SCARY. This team should go far because of it. Coach Karl is also doing a GREAT job this season...
paul2285::That 3rd quarter was tough to watch, but Rudy comes through......it's someone different every night
Pepiope::I no longer miss Linas Kleiza. Harrington &gt;
jayeteee::Miller and Nene w/ the double doubles. I think the Nuggets were not too thrilled to play this game. I see where Kleiza contributed a couple points for the Raptors. :)
Nuggets-Wilson Chandler::Do anybody know when Wilson Chandler coming back last time i heard he was coming in march??? lets go nuggets!
Nuggets-Wilson Chandler::thanks
Peligro Mock::I live in China now.  The CBA (Chinese basketball association) playoffs are starting mid February.  Wilson and Jr's teams are going.  So February or March sometime.
jayeteee::Yeah, March sometime, that's the rumor.
Orangemelo88::The best thing about the Nuggets is they are so deep, that even if 4-5 guys have off nights, 3-4 more will have great nights and fill the space. Like tonight, Brewer had 6 and wasn't very effective, but a few nights ago he had like 30. And Rudy has had nights with 0 and scored 23 tonight. The Nuggets depth is something any team would want and could push them far
RzAzWu33::you clearly havent watched any nuggz games this year. we have split with the lakers but should have won both if it wasnt for Gallos layup miss. we killed miami.  we just went 5-0 on a road trip that included 2 back to backs and OT wins over philly and NY. We have split with utah. Nuggz are legit.
RzAzWu33::6-14. lol
tacobell_surprise::with bargnani the raps are pooh and without him there super pooh
tacobell_surprise::honestly dude bargnani is like MJ to the raps this year  so dony hang ur hat on a fake stool
RzAzWu33::and if lawson and afflalo were playing we would have won by 35.
Denverboi93::Afflalo did play you moron.
tacobell_surprise::dont count ur depth on the raps ... lol..... seriously if balongi boy bargnani was playing it would have been a close game
tacobell_surprise::andrea bargnani is to bad he is always injured ......raps are pretty good with him and crappola without him
DannyMejia15::NUGGETS ALL DAY!!
Denverboi93::And the Nuggets continue their rappage of the Eastern Conference.
LTx21::Nuggets too good right now. Just imagine if we had somewhat of a defense. Don't matter when you put up 110/game though. Best in the West!
Peligro Mock::yeah your a fool LT.  Nuggets lead the league in steals.  Not sure if you know about basketball telling by your Ladanian Tomlinson screen name and moronic comments, but steals and fast break points are created by defense.
twodaysfast::Somewhat of a defense?  huh?  How many games have you actually watched?  What the Nuggets are doing differently than the past seven years is they are playing great defense.
bmosheman::I saw the POR-PHX score of 109-71 and the first thing in my head was, "damn, no tacos."
Heiroglyphic::The West and East will come down to two-team races this year. OKC &amp; Denver, Chicago &amp; Miami. No one else looks competitive at this point.
Peligro Mock::yeah but the mavericks didn;t look like contenders either last year.  Things can change.  Nuggets gotta keep pushin.
ColoradoSportsFanatic::Lol ..Blazers beating the Suns by 40+..omg.
Trev28nba::Rudy Fernandez&gt;JR Smith
helmsey::Maybe if he played for a coach like Popovich?  Maybe that would keep him playing the right way.
ColoradoSportsFanatic::consistency...I will take any day over getting red hot from time to time..  JR Smith is history I hope....I hope the Lakers pick him up..Now that would be funny.
Denverboi93::Sure if you're boring. You're just saying that because that's what we have. I'd still much rather have JR than Fernandez.
ColoradoSportsFanatic::After the next 5 games..We will know a lot about these Nuggets..If they go at least 3-2 or 4-1..I think this is going to be a very good year for the Nuggets.
Peligro Mock::Plus on the injury front we aren;t in that bad of shape.  At least we have depth for rest.
cmrn631::Too bad Afflalo has been horrible this season. It's so frustrating
KyleFurtner::Horrible is a harsh word. He's not shooting well....he's still playing great defense
Trev28nba::Yeah this is when the season really starts, too bad their are a couple guys banged up.
bmosheman::the B2B2B at the end of next week will be very telling.  At least we're done with those after that one, I think.
Poke6447::whoa just found out ty lawson is an MVP candidate
SlapStick970::It's nice but the refs don't give him any respect.  I highly doubt most people seeing him as one unless he puts up asinine numbers.
ColoradoSportsFanatic::Yea ..I heard that to..He is 8th in the voting..But I would still say he has reached superstar status.
PortlandBlazers1004::Rudy and Miller....I miss you guys!
Peligro Mock::yeah. I miss cry baby ray.  But i also missed Dre.  Trade one for another.  Maybe after Dre retires cry baby ray can come back to us
ColoradoSportsFanatic::Raymond Felton is a poor mans version of Ty Lawson..Thats why the Nuggets traded him..
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::What's wring with Raymond Fatton?
SlapStick970::A chubby version of Westbrook?
Heiroglyphic::hahaha, he's a bowling ball
Poke6447::will lawson play next game?
GordieHoweHatTrick9::He actually played in today's game, but he was so fast, nobody really noticed.
trmcmichael::he needs to
Heiroglyphic::Yeah, that's the plan. That's why he sat tonight's game out.
SlapStick970::He wants to play the next game.
GordieHoweHatTrick9::Next 5 games for Denver: Clippers Memphis Clippers Lakers Portland
ColoradoSportsFanatic::Yea and so is one of the Clippers games..I think 3 at home 2 on the road. Denver though has been playing better on the road than at home so we will just have to see.
SlapStick970::Let' s hope so, or this will be a hell of a month.
PortlandBlazers1004::The Blazer game is in Portland. Should be a good one.
dcyxc2004::the third of a b2b2b for denver.
GordieHoweHatTrick9::At least they caught up on their sleep in today's game.
Heiroglyphic::I say we come out 4-1. Memphis looks scary right now.
ColoradoSportsFanatic::Most of them are home games though I believe...I like our chances.
SlapStick970::Murder row.  All of Feb for the Nuggets going to suck.  If they survive Feb, we'll know they're a very good team.
maxrh::great game from afflalo, that man was on fire tonight
BBKING82::Yeah, but do you remember Hanzlik as coach?
maxrh::i was talking to the guy who told me to stop trolling and called me a $@%!$. i don't know where his post went. im only 21 but have been going to nuggs games since i was like 5... most people didn't become "fans" of the nuggets until they drafted melo. i was assuming that guy was one of those fans who didn't give a $@%! about the nuggs when they were winning like 15 games a year haha.
oguhmas::that wasn't that long ago...
dcyxc2004::yeah i was going to say.   like maybe 11-12 years ago?  this guy acting like "well when i was your age".  shit.  go nuggets
maxrh::actually nick van exel was what was i thinking... man those years were SO BAD haha.
maxrh::uh im not trolling, that was obviously sarcasm. diehard nuggs fan here...probably since before you even knew who the nuggs were. vashon leonard was my favorite player growing up haha.
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::Let the man get his legs under him! He missed all of training camp and then tweaked his groin. We'd regret not having him.
trmcmichael::well worth the 100 gazillion dollars we gave him.
Heiroglyphic::He only took 3 shots, NBD. Anyway, his perimeter defense is the main reason we gave him that contract extension.
Poke6447::stop trolling you b!tch
Heiroglyphic::Great game from Rudy, player of the game.
vap88::and nice to see Nene score 20+
ColoradoSportsFanatic::I agree.
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::Good night, everyone. See ya on the Nuggets-Clips boards, unless of course you're a troll or a degenerate gambler, in which case I never want to hear from you again!
smr1274@gmail.com::Wow, who in god's name ever thought Denver would be better without Melo. Orlando take notes!
maxrh::i did
bmosheman::the trick is to trade your star to the Knicks who will overpay like crazy for a player who is a FA in 60 days.
smr1274@gmail.com::Good point! lol
bennnnnba::february doesnt look easy nuggs.
bmosheman::next week is a horror show.
XxBatDadxX::<b>Good game Nugget and Raptor fans now I am going to go get drunk, see you on Sunday</b>
bmosheman::way ahead of you.
Poke6447::Kleiza is such a p ussy
bmosheman::that was a bad win.  don't feel good about prospects if that kind of performance is hiding in there somewhere.
ColoradoSportsFanatic::If TY was playing with the way the Raptors where overplaying on D. Can you imagine how he would have broken down that D. Layup city..
Heiroglyphic::I'm not worried, because it was without our starting PG, which took away from that uptempo change of pace type of game the Nuggets have. Plus, the Raptors couldn't miss a shot most of that late third/early fourth quarter.
ColoradoSportsFanatic::TY Lawson was not playing..Hes a big part of what Denver has done this year..Don't worry..
XxBatDadxX::<b>I like how we gave Koufous a 9 mil extension and then play him for 6 minutes</b>
cmrn631::I see a trade coming
AaronHawk19::Its all about depth
bmosheman::3 mil per year is just over half the league average salary.  scary I know
XxBatDadxX::ridiculous
NoChorus12::Well, we have 9 games at home upcoming. Hopefully we can win at least 4 or 5 of them.
TANNERAM::Why Doesnt Kenyon Martin want to come back to Denver??
Peligro Mock::Why are we bashing on K Mart?  Do you remember when Melo's lazy defense was lying around it was K Mart who picked it up.  When we were down in the dumps and letting teams get into our heads Kenyon was the big Mother F**ker who stood up and got in their faces. K Mart was a beast, opposing players feared him and his intensity.  His contract was ridiculous, but for his two knee surgeries and the attitude he brought to this team its a shame any real nugget fan disses on the guy.  By the way he played pretty damn well from what i remember
broncosroxnuggz::who cares.he wouldnt play anyway
GordieHoweHatTrick9::As much as I like Kenyon he can seriously mess with team's chemistry.
ColoradoSportsFanatic::Because he cannot be a starter here...
maxrh::cause we don't need or want him...
ColoradoSportsFanatic::Hope there are no suspensions..Denver needs to catch the Thunder for the #1 seed.
ignasm::Raptors still had a good game considering the shooting woes, with Kleiza and DeRozan making half of their shots, we would have had a chance for W, but good hustle
canibul521::No one messes with the Denver Thuggets awe yeah boy!!!!!!!11
trmcmichael::Loser talk
trmcmichael::If so (sarcasm), then I do apologize.
SlapStick970::I think you got what he meant wrong, he's complimenting them in a backhanded way.
trmcmichael::whatever. you SUCK
maxrh::nene and al are pretty feisty and i don't think anyone in the league would really want to mess with either of them... but yeah the rest of the nuggs nowadays are pretty soft. kofous got some thug in him to though haha.
bmosheman::Didn't know Linus was the OG thugget
ColoradoSportsFanatic::YOu really don't know much about the Nuggets ..that Thug mentality is all gone the players that gave Denver that rep are all gone...
AaronHawk19::Thuggets?  Ya, Movgov, Gallo, NeNe, Lawson, Afflalo, Fernandez, Harrington, ect. are all a bunch of thuggs.  Ha.
SlapStick970::You can't call them that unless J.R, Martin, and Melo are together.
maxrh::Check out the greatest Al Harrington Video ever.... Dude trains mma so he would have $@%!$@ klieza up haha. i would have actually loved to see that, then al would sit out a few games and the manimal might have gotten some real playing time.  Big Al Knocks Out Reporter - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqYasKhqeuo
maxrh::i love that video haha. that reporter is such an idiot for steppin into the octagon with al buckets.
GerardoE303::Al is a BEAST!!
ColoradoSportsFanatic::Worst I have seen Denver play..and was still a blowout...
trmcmichael::yeah, they didn't play well at all. Should have been a 30+ blowout. Toronto is bad, really bad.
AaronHawk19::Especially since they were up around 20 most of the second and third quarter.
Heiroglyphic::NOLA was the worst performance by the Nuggets since getting rid of Melo, andby far.
ryanvdonk::nah, they played way worse in the utah and NOLA losses.
dcyxc2004::id say 15 is a blowout too.
bmosheman::next week is gonna be a bear
Thesith36::PUSH !!!
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::Good game, Raps. Way to fight back. And props to the Raps fans for not being d.ouches.
Raptorsfan080::lol yeah! until next time. Then it will be a Bargs/ Gallanari showdown
Raptorsfan080::right back at ya. alto there were some den fans. Goodluck
Danilo Gallinari Man Crush::Thanks man..it seems like most of the d.ouches in here were just general trolls who will go to any game and act like a moron. Hopefully Bargs is back for ya guys soon! If he played, you guys probably would have caught up to us!
dcyxc2004::sorry rudy, I don't speak spanish
XxBatDadxX::<b>Rudy came in and saved the day</b>
trmcmichael::should have been a 30+ point game. We didn't play well in 2nd half.
Raptorsfan080::i mean on a regular basis
oguhmas::what do you mean no team blows out other teams? Denver just beat sacramento by 29 with all their rookies playing the fourth...
jjszabo::Denver beat Sac a few days ago by 30, does that count?
Raptorsfan080::but it wasnt
Raptorsfan080::are you THAT ignorant. You dont blow out NBA teams on a regular basis, Denver aint that good. actually no team blows out other teams.
bmosheman::it was 22 at the half.  sure looked like it was headed that way
Raptorsfan080::I miss Bargnani! :(    good game folks. GO RAPS
GordieHoweHatTrick9::Good job Rudy...
bmosheman::that ended up being one of the worst games of the year, and it was a win
