Travis Cook::Just because Harden runs into players, doesn't mean it's a foul. I absolutely hate how that guy plays.
Stan Anvik::Your tears are delicious.
Richard Head::You Can't say that. That's a foul. Two shots to HardOn
James Garcia::Stan Anvik hahahaha
James Warner::Lin really asserting his dominance out there...
Ronnie Saeteune::+8 on the floor
Steven Anacker::Ronnie Saeteune +/- is a useless stat when looked at by game to game. It's only a little useful when you look at it for seasons or longer.
Samuel Tucker::Not true, +/- is really a representation of the coach's ability to utilize the given players with the right unit, calling the right plays, at the right time of the game. Does the fact that everyone on the Thunder had a plus rating tonight vs the Knicks really mean nothing to you?
Spidey Pete::If PB was available, McHale would've sat JL in 4th qtr n Rox would lose by 10pts
Benjamin Porcher::Linsanity is back
Sammy Bissett::"and the whole defense thing is ridiculous."....that pretty much sums up why the Rockets were knocked out in the 1st round and couldn't hold onto the 6th seed down the stretch last season. I can count on Lin to get points with the shooters we have surrounding him (Garcia, Cassipi, Brooks, Parsons) I can't count on Bev to do that.
Cam Lau::Lin can keep on playing like this, saving the Rockets, sparking comebacks, but as soon as he misses two shots - he'll benched for Canaan.
Paddisha Emperi Shadam IV::I don't get it Mr. Lau, I just don't.
Charles Xav Lee::Lin saved the Rockets with 14 points in the 4th and great D on Conley. Nah, I don't believe Beverly would have shut down good pg 2 nights in a roll in back to back games.
Karl Heu::Jeremy Lin should start every game....He is this team's playmaker and should not be sitting behind Pat Bev....No disrespect to Bev, but Lin is just a better player
Karl Heu::King Brian Lin has improved his D alot this year.....The real defensive liability is HARDEN
Chino KZ::I totally agree wih you:)
Quintus Greene::King Brian But Lin plays good D. There's really no upgrade with Bev. I mean, is Conley doing something on offense I don't know of?
Travis Cook::Randolph gets tackled and doesn't get a call and Parsons runs into a player and gets the call. Seems legit. Rockets are the new Thunder.
Quintus Greene::Whatever. He just fouled Lin on the other end and there was no call. But Harden, lol, those are false.
Steven Anacker::So are you a Mavs fan or a Spurs fan? Just curious.
Matt Beggs::Randolph flops on Howard and Howard gets the foul....the Grizzlies should be called for more fouls than they have been, they play rough
Travis Cook::These refs are bad.
Jetpilot Jones::I pray for the day when a player completely calls a ref out.
Dee Yin::Call the refs out? I rather see them punch the refs out! Taj Gibson should've done that last year.
Matt Micros::Would be a very good win if the Rox can pull this out. Teams on the second day of a back to back when the other team didn't play the day before win about 30% of the time. I really hope this doesn't turn into Iso Harden for the last three minutes. Give the ball to Lin and keep it moving.Cmon Rockets!
Jason Vu::Lin and DMO sparked the comeback in the 4th...Harden also drew fouls in the 4th...great team effort on a 2nd night of b2b game.
Lavender West::That's a lot of free throws.  Knowing Harden I'm guessing he did his best impression of a fish tonight.
Travis Cook::34-18 free throw disparity, that's the difference in the game. Randolph has every right to be frustrated.
James Garcia::Randolph just needs to flop more.
Latece K Christmon::How can one person possibly take more FTs than the entire opponent team?
Jason Vu::You don't watch much basketball...you should watch some OKC Thunder games...it happens more then you think.
Travis Cook::I'm out. All you Rockets fans talking trash enjoy your first round exit.
Steven Anacker::Will do. Take care!
James Garcia::We'll enjoy our first round exit if you enjoy the lottery.
Jeremy Gingrich::Time to go home after a long day of trolling huh? I'm sorry, it looks like you still have some crying to do about that embarassment on the Spurs' home court last night...
Edward Butler::The 4th quarter was an officiating travesty. When the Grizzlies went up 10 early in the 4th, the whole game changed. The Rockets shot nineteen free throws after that point, and won by eight. Complete joke, the refs need to stop rewarding Houston for flinching and flailing at the first sign of contact and make them actually play the game.
Mieke Appel::I couldn't agree with you more.  They also need to start fining Harden for flopping, every time he flops.  He'd stop cheating if they did.
Meth Phouthavone::I'm loving Lin's defense back to back on fast top guards Parker & Conley struggled. Lin's only weakness is his turnovers and defense but after this year's confident put my man into elite category. Asians stand up.
Samuel Tucker::Elite? Westbrook, Curry, Paul, Wall, Parker, Jru, Kyrie, Rondo, Lillard, Dragic/Bledsoe. JLin isn't even top 10 without counting dRose.  Shout outs to Palo Alto and Paly High, but JLin pls
Agostinho Felisberto::Samuel Tucker  JK is way better than Wal.
Patrick Law::Samuel Tucker  Believe it or Not, as of today, J Lin among PPS Points Per Shot Leaders (shooting efficiency). PLAYER     PPS ADJ-FG% (source ESPN Stat FG PPS) D Howard,  1.64 .585   L James,     1.62 .636  J Lin            1.58 .566  K Durant,    1.54 .542  J Harden,    1.49 .506  E Bledsoe,  1.42 .543  K Love        1.39 .525  G Dragic     1.39 .524  C Bosh        1.39 .551  P George     1.38 .545 D Wade       1.37 .555  C Paul          1.36 .503      C Parsons   1.35 .587 ... B Griffin      1.35 .525  A Davis       1.35 .502 D Lillard      1.32 .505 S Curry       1.30 .541  R Hibbert    1.27 .480  M Ellis         1.27 .485 Carmelo A  1.26 .482  T Parker      1.23 .512 Westbrook  1.19 .462  J Wall          1.16 .454 K Irving       1.15 .467 L Aldridge   1.14 .473  Kobe B        1.14 .450 D Rose         0.97 .400 See More
Stan Anvik::If Travis Cook was a real Spurs fan, he'd be watching them play at Dallas right now instead of trolling the Rockets board.
Travis Cook::Yep it's impossible to watch a game and comment.
Sammy Bissett::Nice self like
Stan Anvik::Sammy Bissett Nice removal of self like by Travis.
Leland Wong::The Rox will be tired tonight, three of their starters logged more than 40 minutes and the 4th logged 35 and the 5th logged 34 minutes. It will be a tough task for the Rox to beat a good team like the Grizzilies.
Sean Alexander::A good team like the grizz? You're kidding...
Graham Horobetz::How the hell was James Johnson in the d-league> Dude can ball and should start over Prince, guys got some fire in him, good fit for us.
Steven Anacker::Any other Rockets fans borderline giddy over what TJones is becoming?
James Garcia::Yeah. We really shouldn't replace him unless it's LMA or Love. Let Jones develop and we wont need a milsap.
Leland Wong::31 games have gone by, I think JL is way better than PB, what do you think?
James Garcia::I think you think about JL every waking moment of your life and then you dream about him when you sleep.
Travis Cook::Harden misses a wide open layup, so of course they have to give him a foul call.
Selvin Aceituno::Or maybe he got smacked in the face. Watch the replay
Travis Cook::Selvin Aceituno pretty funny that two seconds later the broadcasters call him out for flopping and acting.
Hood Wired Up::Good job tonight rockets
