Josh Elvig::I hope this team stays together for quite some time. Wolves could go really far!
Matt Greene::Yeah as a magic fan i can kinda agree . Specially if D williams can improve as a SF . He could be nasty if he had handles lol. And shevad is a great shooter . He is nice. Pek is an above avg center too. Lot of talent at key positions
Rob Horton::This is Fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Anthony Wing::i like shved, but he looked like he wasnt ready last night.  martin was 4-14 at one point. rubio and pek miss inside layups too often. refs were on orlandos side in the 4th thats for sure. and we won somehow. ill take the win. we need some more practice though. we do have a lot of potential, but will we have clippers and thunders number again? going to be a fun season....williams rode the bench all last night. so did deng and shabazz i didnt see them once. anyway----youre right. we can go far. IF we stay healthy and improve a lot.
Devin Baranick::Wolves starting the season with an easy win!
Clayton Malinich::If you think this will be an "easy" win you have another thing coming. Your roster doesnt exactly scare anyone.
Stefon Catalina::I dont mind the Wolves flying under the radar the whole season. They dont need to scare anyone.
Jeremy Powers::Careful, Magic are not as bad as sportsnation thinks. We are no playoff team as of now, but on any given night, I believe the young talent can keep them in any game.
Nikola Peckovic>Chuck Norris::If I dont scare you magic fans then idk what will?
Matt Loulanting::you do scare us pek hahah
Matt Greene::Dude can this guy even speak English in real life ? lol
Cole Barker::Kind of... maybe... not really.  Idont think he has to haha
Jesse Huber::I can't say I'm terribly impressed by what our beloved Wolves did tonight. I think Orlando will fail to miss the playoffs even in an eastern conference that lacks a lot of good teams. The Wolves have to make life a little easier on themselves and not let these big leads slip away. It's always good to win, but they have to finish better.
Matt Greene::With the 1st Pick in the 2014 NBA draft the Orlando Magic Select Andrew Wiggins 6 ft 8 SF Kansas. Actually i wouldnt even be mad if they got Julius Randle instead or Jabari Parker Or Marcus Smart . All 4 of those Players are gonna be Superstars . Rather we get Randle anyways because then we get Carmelo Anthony the next year . Our lineup would be Oladipo Anthony Harkless Randle Vucevic. It would be a very nice line up defensively and offensively. Specially because we will have good back up players . Harris will be a beast 6th 7th 8th man and a quality starter if someone gets hurt. Im liking Orlandos Future but we really need to tank this year.
Jesse Huber::Sean Patrick DeMarco I think the Wolves will finish as a 6-7 seed because they can score consistently. But yeah, I think the pundits are right on point about the team's defense. I really think tonight is going to be the norm. We're going to see a lot of wild games and I think I just have to calm down and accept that's how it's going to be.
David Mann::Mj Fx Its about which conference is stacked more with good teams, not which one has the single best team. differences man, and the east is getting better, but the west is still stacked. only in the west do teams with winning records not make the playoffs.
Devin Baranick::Orlando better prepare its anus for "The Big Pecker". (Pekovic)
Andrew Francis::Rickyyyyyyyyy
Matt Geere::Magic need to make ft's in clutch, they let this one slip away after fighting so hard to get back in it after falling behind early, luv what I see from JOnes an Vic, what can you say. That kid just keeps showing Magic fans reasons to be really excited about the future of this team
Alex Borgschatz::come on twolves fans, lets not get ahead of ourselves, one game at a time
Matt Greene::ORLANDIPO HAHA ! LETS GO MAGIC !!!!!!
Joseph Wayne Kingbird::t-wolves my team dawg.
Bobby Gee::way to go pups
Ryan Heuer::great first win but i have an issue..  how many times last year did we see the wolves have 30+ pt quarters in the first half only to score 40 points total in the second half? and here it's already happening again. i don't know if it's on adelman or what, but they cannot let that happen anymore as there are going to be a lot of teams better than the magic that will finish us off.
Anthony Wing::i hear ya loud and clear on that one!! step it up wolves 3rd quarter jinx!
Doug Holmes::Adelman is a dip****!! trade williams for draft picks. He's always had it out for the guy and DW can flat out ball. Get him off the bench or off your team Adelman you sorry excuse for a coach. Oh and dont everyone get too excited about barely beating the garbage *** Orlando Magic! FAK
Matt Semperboni::T-Wolves fans be careful...being a Blazer fan I can say we spoke too soon when we were getting so excited about the future of our team talking about how far they can go until we hit the injury curses...and that was with Roy, Aldridge and Oden. Rubio hasn't proven a whole lot yet and both him and Love haven't been able to stay consistently healthy.
Jesse Huber::Pekovic, Love, and Rubio are finally on the floor and healthy... the Wolves are going to look great and then everyone is going to give Flip all the credit when Kahn did all the work... I'm not saying Kahn is a legendary administrator, but he should still have his job. He got screwed by the fans. Anyhow, go Wolves! Stay healthy!
Matt Greene::29 PF and 27 3 pointers attempted, thats why we lost . We didnt drive to the hoop enough . Jameer nelson always shooting a 3 every chance he gets . The 1stand 4th qtr you give it to the big man . You dont just keep trying to hit 3 pointers the magic deserved this loss i hope they learn but i doubt it  they shot a lot of 3 pointers yesterday too.
Karen Sylte::I think the Wolves will be good this year.  Not great, but good.  We have some young players who need to step up and mature to get this team to the next level.
Rob Horton::Wolves got a nice roster and they need to win games like this (no offense Orlando fans).  It is a good time to be a Wolves fan.  Then again, 76er's beat Miami tonight. lol
Rob Horton::Sean Patrick DeMarco Nice!
Mickey Doherty::It's sad how few posts there are in conversations ever since ESPN made the switch to facebook commenting. I imagine they are kicking themselves for that decision.
Michael Wang::I think their goal was to cut back on the spam.... which they did.  Of course, they pretty much completely killed most boards in the process.  Not a fan.
Tommy Carlson::I'm starting to miss those cat picks
Devin Baranick::It forced the trolls into hiding which is a good thing. The only thing I miss as a Minnesota fan is the powerful unwavering group of cats.
Craig C-Rious Pearson::IF healthy, we will be a great team this year... I would even say a 6th seed. The Wolves finally have some talent. We just NEED to stay healthy.
Anthony Wing::the west is crazy deep like usual. is tim duncan hurt? im going to check...
Gunner Keck::It's nice to see the T-Wolves win their first game. Hopefully they can carry that momentum into next game!
Omar MMubango::Woves alllll da way to NBA finals; if and only if, they stay healthy and coach finds more playing time for those two rookies!
Dare Akinyemi::Playoff may be
John Helmuth::I hope those two boiler boys (etwaun-magic) and hummel (timberwolves) get a chance to play at the same time!!!
Matt Greene::I hope Etwaun is cut next year . He makes stupid passes for Turnovers all the time and is too short to cover most Guards . His defensive talent is miniscule . He can only hit 3 pointers and floaters i dont like his game .
Dylan Holden::Magic are young but next year with a loaded draft and cap space we will be well on our way.... Are young boyz are growing
Justin Nixon::don't forget Tobias hasn't played yet
Anthony Wing::and glen davis wasnt playing either.
Sean Eldevik::If we win this game we make the playoffs, if we lose we don't. That's how I'm determining this season. Go Wolves!
