Michael68948::I agree 78Bevan, 1 for 15 for 3's and Jimmer is riding the pine, (last game jammer was 2 of 3 on 3 pointers). Wonder if it has to do with his race? All black team, black coach, lilly white jammer, can't understand why the 10th pick in the draft is riding the pine or only getting 5-10 minutes while a 5'8" 2nd rounder plays his minutes, you got to wonder what's going on here. Friend of mine in Sacramento says the buzz is Ty Evans and his buddy, coach Smart have decided Jimmer rides the bench, Evans has said he won't play with Jimmer. Why not play Jimmer can't do any worse than the ball hog starters.
78Bevan::No Jimmer minutes and 1-15 on 3ptrs.  Wow Kings.  You might was well trade Jimmer.  You are wasting his talent.
MrBillyBates::what talent?
chadwi12::someone told me mighty mouse isiah hit the game winner, is that not correct
Michael68948::Agree, except smart and evans have decided jimmer isn't playing.
mjurek1113::maybe keith smart shouldn't be such a $@%!$@ idiot and play the 10th overall draft pick
ddlb66::Look at the final score...your info is obviously incorrect. In fact, he lost us the damn game by dribbling the ball off his leg in our final possession.
Happyx2Joyx2::Peace all, GO KINGS!
Happyx2Joyx2::Well I'm out, gn all. GG and GL GSW, and GL to your Magic K...P
KENNY-----------POWERS::thanks bro ..have a good one...
KENNY-----------POWERS::woooo...almost 3am here on the East coast.....dang
CandySparker::Leesanity !
King_Gars::Warriors need to stop winning, tank the season. Hope they get top 7 in the draft to keep their pick. Be competitive, but LOSE. Losing equals better position in the upcoming draft. Increases their talent next season in the draft, and make a real run to playoffs next year.
King_Gars::But you need to have draft picks to take that gamble on talent. The more picks the warriors have, the greater chance at landing a quality player. Knowing there past talent evaluation, they need more picks to get lucky to get one good player. One pick, and it could be Ike Diogu. With mutlple picks the Warriors landed Gilbert Arenas, Jason Richardson, and Troy Murphy. At least the more picks a team has the better chance one gets to be a legit NBA player.
KENNY-----------POWERS::every draft pick is a crap shoot....u could have a bust at 2....or find a gem at 22....u just dont know....
KENNY-----------POWERS::my team took a big man from Spain...Fran Vazquez...11th overall in the 2005 draft...they are STILL trying to convince him to play in the NBA!
KENNY-----------POWERS::Paul Millsap was a 2nd rounder too
Happyx2Joyx2::or a gem at 60 like IT
Happyx2Joyx2::I do like Whiteside from what I've seen of him, good shot blocker and can rebound. He even showed a post move.
KENNY-----------POWERS::guy thats really shown some Raw ability...Bismack Biyombo....also has the sickest name in the league...followed closely by Ekpe Udoh
EastSacTay::Either way they needed to get rid of Monte.  I like the gamble they're taking on Bogut. Udoh is a role player at best and Bogut can be the core of your defense and he was the #1 overall pick. I guess they like Utah players that were drafted # 1 in the bay.  Alex and him can hang out together they're from the same class.
KENNY-----------POWERS::they must feel he can get right
Happyx2Joyx2::I'm shocked GSW traded Udoh, they better pray Bogut can get healthy
KENNY-----------POWERS::feels like the longest break for my team since the dang all-star break, but i have to say if i have to watch another team's games other than my own Id have to choose the Warriors....theyve always seemed to have some excitement
KENNY-----------POWERS::Orton played 2 mins the other night...looked like he was going to $@%! himself...
KENNY-----------POWERS::lol...no but hes the only chip we got....no one wants our BAD contracts...
KENNY-----------POWERS::id like to see SVG give Liggins , Wafer and Orton more seasoning...how do you think Ryno got to where he is right now....
KENNY-----------POWERS::ive always liked Lee.....when he came in to the league you knew he was gonna be something..
sac_squints::You guys unhappy with Ryan? We'll take him lol.
KENNY-----------POWERS::well give you Ryno, JJ and Jameer....lol
Happyx2Joyx2::yeah that would be a great pf/c combo
KENNY-----------POWERS::wish my Magic couldve gobbled him up....could you imagine Howard and Lee?...scary...
Happyx2Joyx2::an underrated player no doubt
Happyx2Joyx2::they play like a team and have good players
jzalvarado::Im out too.. good night.  im headed over to the Adam lauridson blog on the MercuryNews to continue my rants
chadwi12::happy will be right here if u2 change ur minds lol
Happyx2Joyx2::GG, GN, GL
WarriorsWarrior::good luck Sacramento fans gn gs fans
Happyx2Joyx2::GG, GN, GL
LaughingMan02::Next year the Warriors will be better than they have in years! Now, get over Monta Ellis because the guy is not an ALLSTAR caliber player. He's an undersized SG that doesn't play defense. The Warriors are better off with out him. Klay Thompson will be the star of the team.
inefekt::Ellis is averaging 13.8ppg at 38% since being traded.........and Warriors fans were trying to convince everyone that he was a top ten player
EastSacTay::The East has uglier offense for sure
EastSacTay::I just think he had more free reign in Golden State because he's a fan favorite.  He's a volume shooter who doesnt make people around him better.  He's a poor mans (actually a bums) A.I.  A team will never win a ring with Monte getting significant minutes.
KENNY-----------POWERS::clearly GS system was more conducive to his skill set....and the East plays more hounding D for sure...
KENNY-----------POWERS::my team is still searching for that.....Magic cant pair Dwight with anyone....when they tried Gortat....it just didnt work...
KENNY-----------POWERS::Klay Thompson seems to have stepped it up...and if Bogut can get healthy......Bogut and Lee would be something down low...
LaughingMan02::That's what I've been telling everyone. Look at the Lakers....Pau and Bynum. Spurs...Robinson and Duncan. Mavs had Chandler and Dirk.   In the last 11 years those teams won the Finals 9-11.
Happyx2Joyx2::Once we get a good coach and play good defense...
LaughingMan02::Mark Jackson is a good coach. When he played he was a really good PG. He's 3rd in most assist behind Stockton and Jason Kidd. He's also top 5 in steals.   Getting rid of Monta was the best move GSW did this year. Having Bogut, Lee, RJ, K Thomson, S Curry is a good line-up. All they have to do is draft a SF and get a good bench.
jzalvarado::i think the focus on coach and defense is overvalued.  You need to draft good defensive players (Not Fredettes).  Case and point The Warriors, they are slightly better defensively with Jackson but they are markedly worse on offense.  Monta and Curry play no Defense, Udoh played Defense no matter who the coach is.
Happyx2Joyx2::Yeah MKG is a good defender that is who I want to draft
jzalvarado::Well coming out of college, Evans, Cousins, and Fredette were definitely NOT known for their defensive Prowess.  As I said, Just my  opinion, you either have it or you don't.  Scott Skiles was quoted yesterday as saying Udoh is his best defensive player.
Happyx2Joyx2::yeah and they have players who can play defense. They need to want to play defense.
jzalvarado::boy Happy, you sure are a fan of the small market teams.. what are you gonna tell me next, you're a Jacksonville Jaguars fan lol
Happyx2Joyx2::Kings, Padres, Chargers, SDSU Aztecs
jzalvarado::Keith Smart = Norv Turner.. boy u sure are a glutton for punishment.  But that pitching staff of yours is looking even more wicked than the Giants.  Talk about fleecing the Rangers in the Mike Adams trade
Happyx2Joyx2::I used to live in SD. I live near SAC right now.
WarriorsWarrior::Where do you live?
WarriorsWarrior::Did you guys see Isaiah Thomas at the end of the game the guy didn't even go after the ball!
Free Alec Burks::Kings have so much talent it puzzles me why they don't win more.
EastSacTay::Pure shooters don't win you games defense and ball movement does.
chadwi12::they suck..... selfish.... no pure shooters.... (that play)
sac_squints::No mystery. Youth and poor coaching.
EastSacTay::We have 3 starters that only played one year of college.  They need to learn how to win TOGETHER and not play hero ball like they did in college.  It's no coincidence that I. Thomas has been the leader amd the floor general because he played all 4 years of college ball.
Happyx2Joyx2::very young, not a lot of vet experience to help the youth, no D
Happyx2Joyx2::Keith smart also
jzalvarado::THATS BEEN MY WHOLE ARGUMENT ALL GAME LONG!  LOL!
jzalvarado::no way should the Warriors have been in this game with their current roster they're putting out there.. I will agree that the Kings were trying to win during that last stretch.  BUT you could tell the Energy just was NOT there during first three quarters
tjugs6::Have you seen them play?
Strong Troll Forventhrund::I am a Giants fan
Happyx2Joyx2::I hate the Giants :/
WarriorsWarrior::There's no happy in hate!
Happyx2Joyx2::I'm not as mad with losses as I would be if we were a playoff team or fighting for a spot, but I don't want them tanking. Won't be good for winning mentality
chadwi12::well then u will prob never no the sting of defeat with this team
DaMick1214::I thought the Warriors were supposed to be in losing mode
JBurhenn253::Missed the end of the game, what did Thomas do that is making Chadwick whine and complain like usual?
Happyx2Joyx2::chad always complains, he turned it over with a shot to win.
Happyx2Joyx2::Padres fan
JBurhenn253::Well that sux. Chad will get over it. Does he think a rookie Thomas isn't gonna make mistakes?
jzalvarado::u a giants fan or A's fan Happy?
Rdiu::threw the ball out of the court when they had the last possession to win the game
Strong Troll Forventhrund::Edit
Ray Allen Fan91::Jerry Rice here what's up
Strong Troll Forventhrund::I don't know why but I believe you!
Free Alec Burks::Yes!! Go Warriors!
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::This helped us in 2 ways! Sac is one of the teams the Warriors need to stay ahead of. Go Warriors... but more importantly... GO JAZZ!!!!
jzalvarado::DIDN'T i see you in the Utah jazz thread a few days ago
jzalvarado::i want the Warriors to do well too!
Free Alec Burks::Yeah, but we own the rights to Warriors pick top 7 protected. So i root for golden state wins
Happyx2Joyx2::he wants you to do well so Utah gets your pick
WarriorsWarrior::Keith Smart was instrumental in developing Monta Ellis
Happyx2Joyx2::You can have him back.
Happyx2Joyx2::GG and GL GSW
WarriorsWarrior::I'd like to say good game but I have a feeling it was a tank job. GL tho
Happyx2Joyx2::the last 2 TO's do seem fishy
jzalvarado::i'll see you later on the chatboards.. Or at Power Balance Pavilion.  I live in Stockton so I go to  more Kings games than Warriors games during the year
jzalvarado::well i shouldn't say 'support'  I like the Kings quite a bit.  Its my desire that the Kings and Warriors have a strong team for years to come because it will add to the rivalry.  Thats why Im uniformly opposed to Keith Smart as your coach Becuase that will NEVER happen under hiS WATCH
jzalvarado::cool dude.. Sorry I can't support your Kings being so close to them BUT i grew up in El Paso, TX watching Tim Hardaway play his college ball there SO i became a Warriors fan back in 1990
sac_squints::ha, I'm from Stockton
Strong Troll Forventhrund::I blame you <i><u>TIM TEBOW!</u></i>
chadwi12::and with no sklater, happy slowly b&amp;tches out like the kitten he is.... what a pooooooooocey u r happy.... no respect for u...
WarriorsWarrior::I actually like Keith Smart and believed he should not have been fired last year
jzalvarado::I am with you on the part that he should NOT have been fired last year BUT where I disagree is that he should NOT have been hired in the first place.
jzalvarado::well thats the thing of where I agree with yuou... He should have NEVER been HIRED with Joe Lacob knowing full well he was going to make a  change at the end o fthe season.  I don't like Keith Smart as a head coach, BUT he should have been given at least two years
WarriorsWarrior::yeah but who could they have hired
chadwi12::curry and lin think ur an idiot
sac_squints::Lin didn't look good at all man. His handling of Curry was a mistake though.
WarriorsWarrior::Where are they I haven't seen them in a long time
jzalvarado::Im just curious if the Kings will go with Keith Smart until new Arena is ready in HOPES of nurturing Cousin's games.. No way that they can go into a new building without making a huge splash in the Coaching department
psychrep::"Smart" is a JOKE
sac_squints::I think so. This franchise really hinges on Cousins staying happy in Sac plus we've had like 5 coaches in the past 6 or however many years. I'm just hoping that he can improve his rotations and present some semblance of a defense. I'm not so sure that he can though. He seems to happy playing small ball.
sac_squints::Yup. Guess that it was bound to happen with Smart having spent time under Nelson.
jzalvarado::in our neck of the woods we call that Nelly ball.  Thank God for Houston destroying the Warriors two days ago and Kevin Mchale saying after the game "They went Small Ball so we went Big"
Happyx2Joyx2::It sounds like he will be back next season which sucks. I want a coach who can manage min, coach defense, and is smart.
jzalvarado::Although look at it this way: Keith Smart is AMAZING with nurturing and bringing out th ebest in Centers.  Look at Andris Biedrins with Keith Smart vs Andris Biedrins NOW.  Two totally different players
WarriorsWarrior::He is "Smart" but not  defensive minded
sjc746::i like thomas to but cmon turn it over like that just imagine if jimmer would of shot it
JacobyJ4::Id rather have a shot than a dribble off someones leg.. plus add in the fact that jimmer after playing a solid 2nd quarter hadnt played since in the game against utah.... pulling someone who has been sitting a whole half and expecting them to shoot a 3 is not a good idea... thomas had been in the majority of the game... doesnt mean much though, how many great players have made mistakes late in the game.. I just would like to see happy treat jimmer with the same respect and forgiveness that he gives IT ... who can do no wrong.
chadwi12::we did..... ok
Happyx2Joyx2::we saw what would have happened
psychrep::Coach "Smart" did you notice what Klay Thompson did to you guys tonight???  Jimmer is twice as good as Thompson.....USE HIM!!!  Stop playing your power mind games!!
chadwi12::boy u know i think jimmer is better, but now isnt the time for that argument... its about smart... that piece of shiz needs to go, or fredette does one
chadwi12::thompson is really but fredette has shown great flashes, just doesnt have a coach like jackson who believes in him.... i liked watching thompson tonight solid
psychrep::Only difference is you have a coach who believes in his player...Hell yeah, Jimmer is way better!
WarriorsWarrior::jimmer better? haha
Happyx2Joyx2::coughjimmerjockeycough
chadwi12::cough jockey of thug losing streetball cough... ur post outnumber all of jimmers fans post coombined.... kinda like fredettes jersey sales do the rest of ur pathetic team... lol... so easy with the jockey talk..... espn board jockey
psychrep::$@%
chadwi12::what did u say psychrep
chadwi12::well sklater bater i can assure u one thing... im not on jimmers jock.... i like watching him shoot the basketball.... love it actually..... and he's a great kid on top of it... but if i do have to hear from u that liking a player makes me a jock rider, then i will break it down for u like this... id rather be a jock rider of one white guy (as  i am also a white guy, as r u) who is an unselfish hella good basketball player... than to be (like u) a freeking poser who tries to be down with the masses and ride multiple selfish thug jocks, only to jump ship and not take up for the player u claim to like.... jimmer has played well enough to not be still receiving dnp's.... his def is no worse than what i watched tonight..... and yea ill stay up here in my free time and take for him, while shady punk bit&amp;&amp;es like u try to sell him out, and say he sucks.... mainly due to the fact that on the 5 or 6 times i got to talk to the kid he seemed as geniune as it gets for a sports star these days... and to see him catch such a raw deal by such a dic head of a so called coach, does in fact $@%! me off... its a shame it doesnt $@%! u off... heres some facts on what i believe in this situation, just so u dont get to blabber bull ish about me and convince urself its true....and ive watched every single game, so acting like i dont have a basis for my opinion tickles me... i know what i see... do i think thomas has been better? yes... but not by much..he just plays much more, and that allows him to play free and with confidence.. he also plays with the ball in his hands unlike fredette.... fredette played great as a starter, only to suddenly get benched... i also think thomas has been a  benefactor of having a coach who believes in him no matter what....  fredette has had the opposite of that priveledge...  am i a racist? hell no... i bet i have more black friends growing up in NC than u have seen in ur entire life... do i call a spade a spade (no pun intended)? yes.... its obvious they freeze fredette out when he's in.... and thats some jr high type shiz that def pisses me off... i am not sure its because his white, but it seems logical that it could be... so i bring it up...doesnt make me racist, just makes me call out the fact that they could be racist.... i hate some sorry white people as well.... u for instance.... ur basically to me the worst kind of scum... ur the type of guy that joins whichever side has  the easy argument.. or the most numbers... regardless of what u believe... then u redicule folks for believing in the player they love to watch... and having faith that he can succeed if given a shot... tonight was another prime example of him not getting that shot.. he has shown so many times how good he can score on this level if just allowed to get his confidance going... smart cont to make him feel like he shouldnt be confidant.... anyways u keep getting on me for staying strong in my backing of fredette... but just know that deep down, i know, ur just a punk b**** who wants to look like something... anything... because u truly stand for nothing
JacobyJ4::Well said chad... Mark seriously... Man did u pat yourself on the back after that one... Lol oh man the punctuation burn!! Bet people will think u are smart now... Seriously intelligent responses would be nice... If u had a good argument that is* ...  Oh and sacsquints maybe it didn't occur to u that u are on a chat board where u might have to read things... I respect chad for at least explaining why he believes the way he does, and I also respect counter arguments when they are well thought out ... That's what respectable people do when they have a debate... A wise man once said "it is better to keep ur mouth shut and be thought a fool then to open it and remove all doubt"
chadwi12::n4u fo=not 4 u flake off
chadwi12::mark do u know what it means when u start a post by calling someones name.... let me help u... it means not for ur b&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;ace.... next time chumpus go right past it and the little women in u wont have to get offended by things such as punctuation.... what a flamer (sorry grant hill; but punctuation...
mark52587::By the way, do you even know what punctuation is?
mark52587::tl;dr
sac_squints::Sparknotes version please.
sjc746::we all know that jimmer should of shot the ball in the dieing secends of the game. we all know jimmer would of atleast shot the ball and not turn it over like thomas did
WarriorsWarrior::That was a total tank job. but the Warriors are a better team!
jzalvarado::uhmm nah.. i have to disagree with you on that one.  Kings fans remaining have made some valid points.  It's clear that Keith Smart is inhibiting much of the team cohesion development of the Kings.  I still will stick with my guns that from a talent perspective, The Kings should have mopped the floor with the Warriors by at least 20 if not more
WarriorsWarrior::I'm not saying tonight, I'm saying if the Warriors are healthy there're better team! And even when they're not!!
jzalvarado::Bar None DeMarcus Cousins has the tools to be the most dominant big man in the league.  Dwight Howard is just an Adonis out on the court with absolutely ZERO post moves.
ZugTroll::your an idiot
jzalvarado::understand this was the same man who earlier this year stated that he had no regrets about playing Acie Law over Jeremy Lin last year.  Now im not saying Jeremy Lin was the saviour BUT he was brought in here to be the backup point guard
jzalvarado::As Ive said before, you guys are going to be completely limited by Keith Smart.. No way Keith Smart plays Klay Thompson this year if he still was Warriors coach
sac_squints::I was pretty excited by Smart at first but I think that I agree. I'm curious to see how he does with a complete and more balanced roster though.
WarriorsWarrior::Never will.
Happyx2Joyx2::Smart is terrible with time management and doesn't press them to play defense
sac_squints::If he keeps developing at this pace he will definitely be one of the top 5 centers within a few seasons.
Happyx2Joyx2::he can be top 3 if not #1 best big man, he has to improve his shooting % and control his anger
delaneyw93::why no Robinson in the 2nd half? I did not wacht nor hear the game.
Jason21414::nate got sodomized at halftime
jett53::i have him on some of my Fantasy teams and was wonder the samething
Happyx2Joyx2::EATEN BY HAYES
Jason21414::because mark jackson is an uncle tom and doesn't like gangstas now,  he has become uppity
jzalvarado::Nate Robinson is a born again christian now Jason
sac_squints::injury
sac_squints::Hamstring I think. Looked bad at the time but I don't think that it was too serious.
delaneyw93::what and how bad?
tsegay81::Didnt get to see it, but I hope it was a 'defensive' effort that led Tyler &amp; Gladness to both get 4 fouls in 10 game minutes apiece.
Oaktown1029::Lee was 1 assist away from a triple-double!
Happyx2Joyx2::No matter who we trade, get, or keep and who we draft. This team needs to play defense. I've seen times where they have played good defense but they need to do it every game.
sac_squints::For real. And a big part of that is due to the small lineups that Smart runs. 4 guards on the court at once sucks.
wucken621::FIRE MARK JACKSON IF HE CONTINUES TO WIN
Happyx2Joyx2::if SAC picks up Rivers I'll be so mad. We need defense, a sf, and a team player. Rivers is 0-3 while MKG is 3-3
sac_squints::I'll just be happy if Petrie doesn't make the team worse this off season.
jzalvarado::Think about it this way, Kings Fans  GSW Starting Center- Out for rest of year, Backup Center- Out with a Groin injury  Backup to Backup- Traded, Backup to Backup to Backup Center- Traded GSW Starting Point Guard- Out for rest of year, BAckup PG- Out early with injury GSW Starting Shooting Guard- Traded, GSW Backup Shooting Guard- Rookie GSW Backup Power Forward- Journeyman D-Leaguer  AND U GUYS STILL LOSE!!
chadwi12::uv lost most of ur games either way.... ur team sucks...
psychrep::Jinx of the JIMMER...don't play him, you lose.  Let the white boy play!
Happyx2Joyx2::we have won games when he DNP'd.
Happyx2Joyx2::heard you before moron
Happyx2Joyx2::np, I'm not a fan of tanking. If we lose we lose, but I don't want them to lose.
jzalvarado::ok i appreciate your answer AND i apologize about directing those comments.  Im in exxactly the same boat.  I want to Warriors to play like they did tonight.  If we miss out on the draft lottery altogether so be it
Happyx2Joyx2::Yeah I think SAC should win but any team can win on any night. Bulls beat MIA with no Rose. I want them to play hard. I want good draft positioning but I'm not rooting for losses.
jzalvarado::the only player NOT going through the motions for the Kings at the end of the gamewas Isiah Thomas Jr.. a rookie
jzalvarado::cool fair enough.. Let me just come out and say it this way.  AND ur right it's NOT worth repeating.  There is NO WAY with the players the Kings carry that this should even be a contest EVEN with dumba.ss keith smart running things.  I just want to see both teams playing their hardest and let the chips fall where they may.  It seems this happens all the time towards end of season,  Kings just dog it for draft positioning
Happyx2Joyx2::I'm talking about the draft after the game and most people talking about jimmer all the time are not kings fans
jzalvarado::All im pointing out is that we have the absolute worst garbage team.  Our team has been decimated by injuries, but we still fill Oracle arena to capacity AND end up winning.  You have your full complement of players and most of your fans have been talking draft positioning and Jimmer Fredette all f.ucken game
Happyx2Joyx2::this is after the game, I can't talk about the draft after a game? I'm not saying I want to lose.
jzalvarado::if SAC picks up Rivers I'll be so mad. We need defense, a sf, and a team player. Rivers is 0-3 while MKG is 3-3
Happyx2Joyx2::when the hell did I say that? I'm rooting for the win every game moron
jzalvarado::yeah you f.uckin dips.hit.. AND I ve heard you talk about all game is draft positioning.  HOw about focusing on Winning the game as a fan
Murphymik::I don't get why Boston or OKC didn't hang onto Nate. He would be great for either team right now (before OKC got Fish).
Jason21414::he just does not care about winning,  he should be on the AND1 team and take the PROFESSOR'S place
sac_squints::I don't know either. Maybe his hero ball tendencies
Jason21414::because he is a gang banger who wants to get his!
mrkennedy23::Best case scenario:   -Orlando gets swept in the 1st round and D12 wants to be traded again in the offseason.   -Otis Smith then gets hit in the head in the dining room with the lead pipe by Professor Plum and becomes f#cking r$tarded. -Otis Smith accepts a trade from the Warriors of D12 for Bogut and Curry. -Warriors try to sign Deron Williams with the cap room they have.
Jason21414::he can smoke with ron washington,    ill show youuuuuu
Psychrates::and Marion Berry.
Psychrates::Better chance of Otis smoking crack out of a lead pipe.
Jason21414::2 ni==er coaches and you get a stupid sloppy game with no basketball iq on the court
psychrep::That's uncalled for Jason,you're classless trash!
Happyx2Joyx2::shut it chad
SAYERS316::so why did Nate not play the whole game?
Psychrates::No really, he got hurt and didnt come back.
CDH11153::Hurt a hamstring
CDH11153::At least 10
SAYERS316::Ok, joke attempt noticed, so seriously, why didnt he play?
ironmike301::Nate had a hamstring injury
Psychrates::If nate doesn't get hurt you win by 10.
Psychrates::Got hurt, looked bad. HE kills IT every time.
Happyx2Joyx2::he was inside chuck hayes
sac_squints::Gotta feed those legs
Happyx2Joyx2::so what #pick does SAC need to get MKG? top 5, top 3?
Psychrates::...and I think Hassan Whiteside is gonna be our secret weapon next year.
Psychrates::IF we get MGK, playoffs next year.
Psychrates::Any love for Rivers?
Psychrates::just wonderin
Happyx2Joyx2::not for us
Psychrates::But that's one hell of an SF
sac_squints::2 or 3
Psychrates::Top 5 def, most likely top 3 @ this pioint.
sf19477647::So what if you win? same clubhouse
sf19477647::GSW fan says that Smart is Smart to lose this game, getting high Lottery  is very good this year
