sixernation1112::I voted for J. Holiday for 2013 @NBAAllStar Game.  U can vote too: tweet player name &amp; #NBABALLOT.
uconn10304::Holliday is pretty good.
TARHEEL064::It's just a matter of time for Kendall...he'll be in the d-league before Christmas.
roadano::2 headlines in the NBA section of ESPN for the 76ers? I think ESPN is trying to cater to Philly fans. I'm a Philly fan, but even I admit Philly teams are irrelevant for now. The 76ers are OK, but I remember the 70s-80s when the 76ers were an NBA force. I wonder how many $$$$$ ESPN loses in Philly, playing second fiddle to CSN and Philly.com.
gstolls1967::Been betting with this online betting system called Sportsbettingstar since early April. In just two months now I have doubled my money. I am still shocked at how well this system does and how accurate it is. You can find this bet system on Google if you search the words Sports Betting System, it was on the first page of Google when I found it.
SteelersNation93::close game, gortat and dragic only play around 25 minutes each... its been a while since gortat has played a full game, and neither was playing badly. coach needs to realize hes not greg popovich, he doesn't have that much depth, and needs to stick to his best 2 players 30+ minutes every night
dirkaqs41::Good game to the sixers. Get a good rest and best of luck to you the rest of the season. holiday is a stud. 10 fast break points is not going to work against the Mavs looking forward to a huge night for DC Juice and VC and solid d from Trix on tuesday night after inexcusable play against the lakers
RRM40::Turner 3-5 from 3? Did i read that right? Was there  typo?
salemram15::Surprisingly hes shooting around 50% from 3 this season. He's finally starting to find some consistency in his jumper.
dwade grater den jordan::suns sux wat a suprise lol
Phlynn80::Probably the only Holiday gift Philly fans will get this year.
CandySparker::Oh you're a Holiday, such a Holiday
CandySparker::
I like this comment::Holiday &gt; Rondo
heston2013::absurd
Nicholas D1::False
coltsqbsucks::holiday will be talked about with the rondo's and pauls in the near future. hes 21 or 22
coltsqbsucks::holiday is a beast. we will be talking top 5 point guard in 2 or 3 years and hes only 21 or 22. im thinking behind rondo, williams, paul, westbrook, holiday
salemram15::Dont forget about Rose.
KentuckyAlum2012::I'm not a Sixers fan, but people thought I was crazy when I said he's emerging as a top PG in the NBA. He's not a top 5 PG, but right now he's playing like a top 10 PG.
CoreyGallagherArt::I sort of expected it after Iggy was traded, I had done a bit of research and during stints when Iguodala was injured he put up similar stats to what he's averaging now. For instance during the 16 games that Iggy missed during the 2010-11' season Holiday averaged 17.1 ppg, 8.7 apg, and shot 48.5% from the field, to put this into context when Iggy did play his numbers plummeted to 13.3 ppg, 5.9 apg, and he shot 43.7%.
East coaster 4 life::Good to see Jrue keep getting better.
ddolph2822::Jrue Holiday, Thad Young, and Evan Turner is a solid young nucleus. Throw Bynum in the mix and anything can happen. Too bad we'll probably never see Bynum is a Sixers uni.
Cardinals-Diamondbacks-Suns-Sun Deils.::As many of you know,I have posted the message"Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
Jared34456941::Jrue has been incredible so far this season. if he continues to play this well when (or if) Bynum comes back, this could be a scary team
Philliesallday::I really wanna see Bynum play.  This team has 2 weaknesses. Rebounding and a low post prescience and Bynum would help solve both
TforTempleU1::Jrue is too good
CJ13SUNSPHX::$@%! PJ TUCKER THE POKEMON KEEPS $@%!$@% MISSING
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::Jeff Green and Courtney Lee, plus a draft pick, for Gortat.
CJ13SUNSPHX::how about rondo terry garnet and pierce for gortat
JC Frap::No one wants Jeff Greens horrible contract
Truth-Big Ticket-FedEx-Jet::Fine. Brandon Bass and Courtney Lee, plus a pick, for Gortat.
EaglesFan_4-Life::LMAOOO. Sixers got lucky. Lets see how the Egals play tomorrow... scrubs.
potato623::Lucky haha, no
LuLu Jonesin::Sannnders - Stop the hate, it was a close game, sixers won, peace ya'lllllllllllllllllll  When the $@%! are you leaving
Sannnders::I'll be here till tuesdays game against the Mavs go Philly
LuLu Jonesin::Suns covered the spread!  Go Suns!
Sannnders::Kwame Brown MVP of the game
potato623::He is funny to watch!
potato623::Anybody gotta link so I can vote Jrue to the ASG!!
binkinainteasy::Jrue is dirty
Albie Morkel::Cant wait till the Heat spank the day lights out of the 76ers.........
USMC3121::Heat barley escaped the Cavs I think the Sixers can beat them even without Bynum!
heston2013::the sixers lost to the cavs bruh
CJ13SUNSPHX::im litrally crying right now
CJ13SUNSPHX::im sorry its hayfever season in aus
FlyGuys623::thats just wrong
ganggreengaingreen_oww::upset i missed this one.. glad to see holliday redeemed himself after getting shut down by westbrook... howd thad and ET do???
Philliesallday::Jrue didnt get shutdown by westbrook, he barely played because of foul trouble
AustinPHL::Jrue with a beast game! Temple wins! Nova Loses! LaSalle wins! It's a good day in Philly! Woo!!!!!!!!
NBARefsRimRose::SUNS SUCK!!! Glad i took +4.5 points!!! Never again got out of jail with missed free throws from 76ers
Cardinals-Diamondbacks-Suns-Sun Deils.::Damn! The Suns got screwed tonight. BEASLEY'S SHOT WAS GOALTENDED! THAT NEEDED TO BE CALLED! GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR! :(
modestlife::Wow, you serious? You got ticky-tacky calls all game long. Jrue and Turner got hacked 3 times within the last 10 possessions. Beasley got clearly bailed out on his last 2 FT, he lost the ball.
Sannnders::Stop the hate, it was a close game, sixers won, peace ya'lllllllllllllllllll
AceManCometh03::the suns lost because Jrue set Dragic's a## on fire
just let your soul glow::that wasn't a goaltend you leper
kidcudibrother::go to sleep grandpa
FlyGuys623::how?
FlyGuys623::had no effect where the ball was going ya fool
FlyGuys623::ikr
Cardinals-Diamondbacks-Suns-Sun Deils.::YOUNG TOUCHED THE NET!
Starling Marte is a boss::it wasnt, the net was hit, but not the rim
jrrodriguez666::why didnt the suns call time out?
just let your soul glow::Game over back to your grandmother's basement Eagle Fan 4 life you frontrunner.
Starling Marte is a boss::well ballgame
FlyGuys623::peace. gg again
Starling Marte is a boss::later my friend
MrFreese13::Gentry lost this game
chuckeezy::At least 3 secs went by
AustinPHL::it's dead! it's over! Woo!!!!!!
Orange6O2::Oh well, tough way to lose. GG Sixers fans.
FlyGuys623::why are the refs wasting your time
OptimusPrime200.0::CONGRATS TO THE GUY THAT BET 1700 ON THE SIXERS MONEYLINE
Sannnders::Can't hang with the Philly gang
LuLu Jonesin::How them eagles?
thchadummduh::^ screw off
CJ13SUNSPHX::damn jarred you should hit those
Albie Morkel::Just means Philly will fall harder...Holliday having a career night, wasted on the suns lololol
Sannnders::Matt Holliday? think you mean Holiday*  Yeah, I'm that guy
Mr Ntense::Not over!!!!!!!!!!!!
OptimusPrime200.0::AT LEAST THE SUNS COVERED
