russianshoulders::people do realize that lopez was out... right?
Dengue-Fever::And??
jj232830::By most of the comments regarding the schedule you would think the Heat have only played the Kings, Pistons, Suns, warriors and mavs most of their games and are a .500 team so far. The Heat are getting Allen &amp; lewis shots, floor time &amp; helping them get confidence in the new system. Battier is out so some defense is lost but Wade, James &amp; Bosh are only taking over as needed to get the win instead of shooting to keep their averages up while the new guys struggle. Good team with good leadership. I hope Harrelson gets to work into the rotation and give a little more hieght to the small line up.
bill51464::stop watching nba. go on strike. http://herdmycattle.com/basketball-strike/
Bamm7272::Wow. Miami has played the toughest schedule in the league so far, and that includes giving those top teams 12 losses and only 3 wins.  And they're bored and not even playing to potential.
nba is the worst::Toughest - if you don't look at details like home vs road, rested vs opponents on B2Bs/ 4 games in 5/ 6 games in 9, etc
smokinstogies305::Don't you have some asterisks to hand out somewhere?
Bamm7272::Oh I did account for that. Not only have the Heat played the toughest schedule of every NBA team, they just had a road trip of 6 games in 9 nights, including 2 sets of B2B. Also, 8 home games, 7 away games. Amazing? Or are you just that ignorant?  You really sound dumb, but we know that about you already. For not being a Heat fan, your interest in all their topics is exceptional. How embarrassing, but it's easy to do behind a computer monitor.
jrls 631::nbaistheworst and his constant complaining about either the heat's schedule or the refs. and theyscarednow constantly saying how "bad" wade is....those two can get really annoying.
Bamm7272::She's very ignorant. Best to ignore her.
smokinstogies305::I look at the Knicks and I cannot for the life of me see a team that can win a title.  Why does everyone keep crowning them?
Z Wade::Because this is the most successful month they've had in like 12 years and people want NY teams to succeed because of how marketable they are.
CUBAN HONEY.::If spurs played their starters they would've loss anyways because Lebron wade and bosh would've came ready to play.
CUBAN HONEY.::Not to mention the heat had to play the Knicks,clippers,&amp; grizzlies all on the road back when they were good lol.
Lewade Dwyames....::nba is the worst is so biased lmao he fails to realize that the heat played 4 games in 5 nights about 2 weeks ago
nba is the worst::Dumb (of course I'm aware of that) -  but tell me, was denver off 4 days before the heat played them (like the heat were vs the Spurs)?
Lewade Dwyames....::on the road*
choate_sedition::If Wade plays like an all-star the rest of the year, this team will win 65+
VY-9Fan::The season is too long.  I wanna see Miami hoisting the trophy again (pouting)
dwyanewadeblockedyourfavoriteplayer3.0::<b>Here's a fun fact for Spurs fans, Miami has won three straight games agaisn't San Antonio by an average margin of 19 points.</b>
Td4mvp3::I'd love to see miami do this to the spurs......they have to first figure out how to overcome our d-league unit
dwyanewadeblockedyourfavoriteplayer3.0::<b>They play up to their opposition's level.</b>
Td4mvp3::spurs &gt; your team...fact!
Bucket of KFC::Heard this last year. Then the Thunder popped the balloon.
Ontario925::After a month played in the NBA season the Heat,Knicks,and Jazz are the only teams without a loss at home.
Dapack_4::Ray's +/- this year has been ridiculous
nba is the worst::?  not in a good way...  Through the Spurs game, cumulative in 14 games Ray was -11.  With last night's +20, he's at +9 in 15 games, or + 0.6 ppg avg
Ontario925::The Heat are stocking up with all stars each year looking like the new Lakers of this decade.
russianshoulders::you mean with former all stars.
Does Wayne Brdy Hfta Djokovic::gotta win more than 1 to say that yet.
nathanbakerdabomb::So will the heat end up with 4 all stars?  Lebron, Wade, and Bosh will all make it and right now Ray Allen looks like the favorite for backup Sg. He is outplaying  Joe Johnson and Monte Ellis, and there isn't  much competition besides them. I was wondering if they could pick an extra point guard like Irving or Holiday instead of Allen?
nba is the worst::They will if the heat are the #1 seed by the allstar break
Jake Sterling Silver::Norris Cole &gt; Mario Chalmers
oneandonlybabe::He had a good game that's for sure. We'll see how it goes with him. He is very energetic and intense and that can go either way.
CaptainObvious20122012::The Heat are winning, but something does not feel right.
Ontario925::I think when they got those top guys put together they were already planning as a goal to win the NBA Eastern Conference every year for at least 4 years in a row as a goal in 2010. They wanted to do what the Lakers were successfully doing in the Western Conference.
Ontario925::I still think the Heat are team to beat winning the Eastern Conference.
oneandonlybabe::Oh I didn't know that's the schedule. I guess the champions have gotten the preferential treatment so far.  Hopefully the Knicks will still provide a good challenge.
nba is the worst::A bit more - like how yet another team on a B2B does against the heat rested...
oneandonlybabe::You hit on one of the problems I have with the Knicks. There are others apart from Melo: Amar'e's role; the age factor and the pattern of poor playoff performance. I guess we will know more when they meet the Heat again.
nba is the worst::Depends a lot on whether the Knicks can control the NBA's leader in bricks/gm ('melo) and play the Mavs formula like they did in the blowout, or if he and Amare can't/won't let that happen...
oneandonlybabe::Yes, I can't see any other team in the East beating them (barring injury to any of the big 3) If OKC comes out of the West, they have a good chance of repeating. If it's Spurs or Grizz, it will be harder though.
nba is the worst::If by "does not feel right", you mean "not dominating weak teams while showing killer instinct", correct.  If you mean "not beating teams with height that can limit turnovers and make open threes" - even more correct.  There's a good reason why so few teams repeat.
Ontario925::They are saving their best for the Spring. An excellent secret trick if that is their plan. The Lakers did that a lot when they won back to back Championships. They look washed up in Nov but come big out of nowhere after the first month. It's like the Muhammed Ali rope a dope suck in opponents boxing strategy.
Ontario925::The Heat just reminded the Nets why they are defending back to back Eastern Conference Champions &amp; 2012 NBA Champions by never counting them dead coming back trailing 14 points in the first half. That is what experienced talent veteran Championship teams like the Lakers used to do and now the Heat do too.
nidadan::The Heat seem bored out of their minds right now....
Ontario925::No that's not it. The Heat are just too good,talented depth,smart, &amp; experienced of a team to be beaten easily by an up n' coming new young NBA  kid on the block team like the Nets.
brandonlee561heat22::Its kinda crazy as lackadaisical as this team plays at times, they look like a totally different team than in years past when it gets to crunch time
Aaron305FAN::It does ALL average out moron. Everyone plays 82 games in the same time period. What don't u understand about that short bus?
Aaron305FAN::It all averages out, the Heat have played just as many games as everyone else. Minus a game or 2 but its not like they've played 5 games less than everyone. Stop HATING!
nba is the worst::It doesn't "all average out".  Most teams have 20+ B2Bs, 9 in the east have 22, heat just 16
Ontario925::The Heat are smart enough to save their best show in the second half of the games &amp; the last month of the season into the postseason. They don't blow their load or burn themselves out in the first 3 months of the season like other NBA teams are doing.
nba is the worst::What? The heat have played just 4 games in 14 days through Wednesday's tough road game in Washington (lol), and don't play a B2B until the 26th.  That's the definition of "less effort", silly!  And a simple SOS based on W-L records only, while ignoring home vs road and rest vs opponents rest is deceptive.
Treydey10::mahmudur - nba is the worst - How could they burn themselves out with this cake schedule? you dont have to be an idiot to realize that a cake schedule does not mean less effort  He's anti Heat, I believe the Heat is number 1 in strength of schedule so far this season.
mahmudur::nba is the worst - How could they burn themselves out with this cake schedule?  you dont have to be an idiot to realize that a cake schedule does not mean less effort
nba is the worst::How could they burn themselves out with this cake schedule?
nhraven52::Theyre all about Championships.Just win enough to get into the playoffs, then turn it on.
nba is the worst::That's a risky approach.  The '95 Rockets did it - but what if the team that comes out of the west has a coach who is smarter than Scott Brooks?
marsh025::King of the hill.  Top of the heap. best record in the NBA. The cream always rises to the top. And we've been playing only fourth quarters and last night, only the second half. ..but we're bored. Yawn!!! any real challengers out there?
Does Wayne Brdy Hfta Djokovic::Marsh must be a rookie to this whole basketball thing. Too early to start saying anything. Schedule is weak and they have been able to rest.
marsh025::lol. rookie?  Don't hate. Who are you bringing down the line to challenge us? every other team will be playing for second place.  Wake me up when the playoffs start. YAWN!!!!
nba is the worst::Tied for best win pct. 1/2 game behind the Spurs and OKC. Just 6th in point differential.  That won't get worse until the schedule toughens up - it will toughen up, won't it?
oneandonlybabe::Dwight gets to see his former team tonight. The Lakers will be above .500 again but then they go to Houston. What are the odds they remain above even?
nba is the worst::The Lakers have 1 road win in 5 tries.  Rockets have 2 rest days - hard to see the lakers winning there.  Then they play @ Hornets, should win to be above .500 again.  Unfortunately for the laker fans, they will lose by 30 to the Thunder to finish the week with a .500 record once again
oneandonlybabe::We shall see. I would love for the Grizz to do it on the strength of their team ball. Thing is the league is centered around stars and you seem to be very aware of the preferential treatment they do get. It makes a difference
nba is the worst::OKC's offense will do it?  Personally, I vote for defense - which means the Grizzlies (#1 defense) and Spurs (#5) - have a better chance...
oneandonlybabe::I also posted an answer below related to this.
oneandonlybabe::OKC. I think KD and WR are the best offensive duo in the league so barring any major injury they should have enough to come out of the West. As much as I would like the grit and grind so called blue collar style of the Memphis to have major success this year, I still think stars win you championships.
nba is the worst::So which team are you predicting will come out of the west in June?
oneandonlybabe::The Thunder have been beating down their opposition (granted varying degrees of difficulty) lately. Looking good at the moment, that's for sure.
nba is the worst::Congrats to the heat for making it to 19th in defensive efficiency - right below the Wizards... Top 20 in opponents points now as well, #20, 4 spots below the Wiz!  Fortunate indeed that they have the league's easiest schedule, right heat fans?
Aaron305FAN::Worst picks the best teams each year that have a "Chance" at beating the HEAT! Sounds like a loser hater to me. Your parents probably gave you up as a kid
marsh025::yawn!!! And we still have the best record in the league. percentage wise.
miami360x::Best record in their conference. Care to admit which sorry team you are a fan of so we can laugh at you?
nba is the worst::That's just dumb.  I'm rooting for the spurs and grizz this year
miami360x::I know worst is a Cavs fan. I just want him to admit it.
nhraven52::Celtics
seshionz::Another clueless hater.  They are beating everyone while only playing defense in the 4th quarter. Playoffs buddy is a whole nother level!  Heat fans can't wait till the games count
nba is the worst::hey, they played D for an entire half last night - awesome!
Shareef1987::They'll be top 5 once they start giving a damn.
brandonlee561heat22::I just realized the Nets only scored 30 in the 2nd half...
brandonlee561heat22::Yea I had missed that, I dont know what changed, or why they decided they step it up. I really don't get it.  Was glad to see SA pulled it out
marsh025::nba is the worst - Cole replaced Chalmers and just hounded DWill into ineffectiveness - and then the Nets started turning the ball over. So they tightened up as the heat rallied and started missing fts. Clearly not ready for prime time yet...  did you see Norris on the postgame with JJax? Norris is actually getting some muscles. His arms were displaying some guns. If he gets stronger, he might be able to lock down opposing PGs better than Rio can. Last night was a good example. Way to develop Norris.
brandonlee561heat22::Seemed that way, I thought Cole had a great game, on both sides. He missed a couple open shots, sometimes I think he needs to slow down a bit, but his energy off the bench is good.
nba is the worst::Cole replaced Chalmers and just hounded DWill into ineffectiveness - and then the Nets started turning the ball over.  So they tightened up as the heat rallied and started missing fts.  Clearly not ready for prime time yet...
brandonlee561heat22::Yea, that was annoying, the second half might be best they played all year so far
oneandonlybabe::Didn't see this before but I posted an answer at the top. I agree with you on the prediction front. I just think that a team that has to rest its stars at the beginning of the season (not faulting them for doing it as it makes sense) is admitting a handicap. If they do come out of the West I will be surprised to be honest.
nba is the worst::It's always low risk as far as predictions go to claim one team "will lose in the playoffs".  Who do you predict WILL make the Finals from the (very competitive at the top) west?
oneandonlybabe::Spurs will lose again in the playoffs.
nba is the worst::Right after you posted that last night I replied with the 30-pt half (vs the 35-pt 2nd Q) being their best defensive half of the season, but I guess you missed it.  But how 'bout them Spurs!
D Wade Fan Since The 04-05 Season::Resurrected defense. I was trying to talk about that part of the win last night but there was to much Wade vs Lebron crap going on. So I caught ghost and bailed.
BasketballTensai::LeFlop James lol
NbaNflBoxing Lover::Not so fast Wade Haters... Looks like Wade still has some WADE left in the tank!!!
nba is the worst::He SHOULD get a flop warning today - but of course, that is HIGHLY unlikely...
oneandonlybabe::I will be surprised if any of the stars get any warnings. The second and third tier players will be the ones to get penalized.
Spursdc::Duncan is still the best big man in the game
BLINGNOTMONEY::I think he is i dont know if he can make it through the season playing huge minutes they need to keep him fresh for the playoffs but splitter is a decent player so maybe they can get him going
kcroyal2011::Nets are a joke, what a sorry 2nd half effort, Heat made them their beeeeeeotch
dark_angel_007_bond::Down 14 points early and trailing through the 2nd half, am I the only one who thought that Ray Allen will hit another game-winning 3 pointer in the dying seconds of 4th quarter?
marsh025::we don't want that to be the winning formula. You set yourself up for failure depending on that shot everytime. But it's good to know we have it if needed. What's impressing me about Ray is his all around game. He does a lot of other things out there. Plus his fourth quarters are a blessing for us. Big tyme pick up. Riles.
TexasLonghorns247::moooo
marsh025::gooo gai pan.
Jim Buss Decisions::gn
major red::i wish miami could play the c's every game.
bronxbomber62::I bet most of the NBA would agree.
ChargersFan4Life001::im out also, gn all
BABY IGGY..GET WIGGY::im out, gn
ChargersFan4Life001::gn
XCbeza4.0::gn, i'm out too
ChargersFan4Life001::gn
Jim Buss Decisions::Precious is in my bed.
BABY IGGY..GET WIGGY::she know ho to suck hard, yanaaaw meaaan
Jim Buss Decisions::Warriors are the best #YeArea #Bay #WarriorsallDay #WarriorsarebetterthanBostin  -Juno
ChargersFan4Life001::dude is the worst non racist or spamming troll
Luxor922::total toolbag
ChargersFan4Life001::he does that on celtics boards but is also rooting for injuries
Luxor922::Theres some Spurs troll named Lakerreckoning or something that talks constant sh.t on laker boards
XCbeza4.0::Why are the Warriors good???
nba is the worst::Their coach was a PG and he's finally got them moving the ball to get open shots. They're at 45% FG as a team, tenth in the league
major red::jarret jack, barnes, david lee, curry, thompson and even carl landry are having great seasons.
BABY IGGY..GET WIGGY::definenetly David Lee's elite defense
ChargersFan4Life001::overrated
Jim Buss Decisions::Klay Thompson =)  And Curry isn't injured.
BABY IGGY..GET WIGGY::tomBabauts JJ was good 1st 3 games of the season. Don't know what happened. __________ He's in hell right now, he's a shooter and the best player on the team right now is Afflalo, no open looks, no one drawing attention off of him like dwight used to
Jim Buss Decisions::Raptors will make the playoffs
Jim Buss Decisions::Yes, they have lost so many close games. They will eventually start winning them.
XCbeza4.0::no
ChargersFan4Life001::nah
major red::nah
Jim Buss Decisions::Best Divisions.... Atlantic SoutWest Pacific
BABY IGGY..GET WIGGY::central when healthy,  bulls, bucks,  and pacers could all make the playoffs, maybe the cavs next year
BABY IGGY..GET WIGGY::I think the nets win the atlantic
XCbeza4.0::possible but it's all up for grabs right now, idk about the C's cuz they're too inconsistent
XCbeza4.0::Is Rubio gonna play on Wednesday?? If so, that'll be a nice pg battle between Rondo.
pontillo361::He does against the heat
tomBabauts::Rondo wins hands down.  Hope Rondo doesn't bully another white player and get suspended.
XCbeza4.0::LOL oh, and Rondo's not a bully, he just gets emotional. I mean c'mon, I never see him talk trash to players like KG.
tomBabauts::I was not referring to Rubio.  Love!  Rondo and Perk are taking some lessons from KG on how to be a tough guy or bully.
XCbeza4.0::Rubio isn't white and Rondo needs to calm the hell down.
BABY IGGY..GET WIGGY::if he does i doubt he will be effective after just coming back
XCbeza4.0::true
major red::jimmer's ceiling is jj reddick, and he cant even start for the magic.
tomBabauts::JJ was good 1st 3 games of the season. Don't know what happened.
tomBabauts::LOL Yeah.
major red::reality
Jim Buss Decisions::But JJ is a solid player.
XCbeza4.0::I have no idea how the Atlantic Division will look by the end of the season.
Jim Buss Decisions::Hawks will be in 1st place
XCbeza4.0::lol
Jim Buss Decisions::nvm lol
Luxor922::Everyone but the Raptors has a chance to win it. I want to see what Philly is like if Bynum ever suits up
XCbeza4.0::Atlantic Division?
Ty_Lawson.::Well goodnight everyone.
ChargersFan4Life001::gn
BABY IGGY..GET WIGGY::gn
XCbeza4.0::gn
Luxor922::Nets will finish higher than the Knicks. Amare is gonna mess with the chemistry they have now.
BABY IGGY..GET WIGGY::Could the Kings have taken Klay Thompson?
tomBabauts::Could Portland have taken Jordan over Bowie?
BABY IGGY..GET WIGGY::i was refering to where he was chosen, im not sure if he was taken before or after
ChargersFan4Life001::im not sure, but i dont think they need him. They need a pass 1st pg
Jim Buss Decisions::Jimmer can be like JJ Reddick  But the Kings don't play him.
ChargersFan4Life001::he should be starting right now but the coach is stupid and maybe racist
tomBabauts::Maybe the Lakers can trade Gasol for Jimmer. If you want him Jim.
Jim Buss Decisions::Nah...
