kylexile::These are the quality wins. Every team in the NBA has a terrible night where they don't show up and just shoot terribly. The Pacers were still able to comeback and win. Awesome win!
nrabond007::The Pacers had their championship celebration when they beat the Bulls early this season.  Their season was over from that point on.
joshuaizme::Did you see the highlights from this game? They celebrated the same exact way after beating the WIZARDS!
barneybotwin::NGplayinskillz Danny Granger SUCKS THIS YEAR  Tyler Hansbrough SUCKS THIS YEAR  Darren Collison SUCKS THIS YEAR.   Hey Indy2thawindy, posting the same stuff on ESPN you post on realgm I see. smh
barneybotwin::Not a single one of those guys posted in the second half but they ran their mouth non-stop prior. Gee... wonder why? No girl would ever sleep with you crap talking a-holes.
barneybotwin::bagofmoney_30 PACERS SUCK  bagofmoney_30 HIBBERT IS A BUM  bagofmoney_30 DO YOU WATCH BASKETBALL  bagofmoney_30 PACERS ARE DONE
barneybotwin::Amberleenguyen1985 Indiana is straight garbage! How the fucc do you get blown out by one of the worst team in the league? Wtf.   Amberleenguyen1985 Fucc these f@gs! Pacers straight laid an egg in Washington today! That's some bs! $@%! Indiana! They suck! How embarrassing is it to get blown out by the wizards? Wtf  Amberleenguyen1985 Pacers fuccing suck! Wow! How do you get blown out by the wizards? Lame..
barneybotwin::jesusruizbours bad games? this idios are SO BAD, THEY ARE LOSING FOR 20 POINTS VS WASH!!!!! BAD GAMES? $@%!$@% IDIOT!!!   gupsphoo OK, Some IND fans are saying teams have bad games.    But IT'S NOT JUST A BAD BAD GAME WHEN YOU 'RE LOSING BY 20 PTS TO THE WIZARDS AT HALF TIME.   JEREMY TEBOW EAST PLAYOFFS  BULLS  HEAT  KNICKS  MAGIC  HAWKS  76ERS  CELTICS  BUCKS
barneybotwin::romeo8880 lol at 3rd best team in the east. Their record is an illusion. They have an awful basketball team.  romeo8880 When your best player is Danny Granger, you're not going to win alot.  romeo8880 Pacers are explosive!!! 4 points halfway through the quarter.
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
Robdee999::Wizards got LA like this and we got them back.....Hey Kobe   ---You're Welcome....
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::lol no conversation has hit 3000 tonight all yall teams is weak thunder, bulls finals preview april 1st turn on yo t.v.s mofos ya feel me keep it solid tho!
naahb::casey mack fully predicted linsanity. he basically explained everything that happened in linsanity, and predicted it in 2010!!! http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/2012/03/casey-mack-man-who-completely-predicted.html he's litterally a genious
tcrisis::Despite the loss I think Wizards fans have something to look forward to
Mr_Troll::Its ok wizards Nuggets will not make the playoffs this year ....
Boise State is a joke::God Nene did this same sh.it in Denver, have fun watching him play like this from now on
JaVale McGee Man Crush.::so how do u wizards fans like nene??
Wildcat757::I bet Javale doesnt sign an extension with Denver
adavisrc09::Tale of Two Halves
Szeklinski::Bulls vs Thunder @ 1pm April 1 on ABC!
Mets2410::wizards lost? I thought wizards fans were saying the game was over after the 1st quarter. also thought wizards fans said nene was a beast
Otz1936::A nets troll? Didn't we beat you yesterday?
tbest23::Did Wall do the Dougie?
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::how? im happy, but how? it looked bad so i left, then they win. amazing
BOOMBABY_3::Terrible first half and give the Wiz credit they came ready to play. Still young and need more depth. Pacers get back at it tomorrow lets keep this thing rolling. BOOMBABY!!!
BeersAndBabesAreFun::I can't believe those niggras from Washington coughed the lead up to those inbreds from Indiana.. WTF
raaaj989::you just created a profile just to show everyone that you like to suck CO CK!
BOOMBABY_3::Wow really
DeDiplomat13::McGee and Young are gone. Blatche is out indefinitely. Whats the excuse for this loss Wiz fans? You can't blame it on the "knuckleheads" anymore.
tizi6969::not like other teams don't lose by 2 points..
soloartist11::So how is Nene "finger roll then miss" Hilario working?? lol
Heatfansareajoke::granger is shooting under 39% for the season if he's your best player. You are in trouble
WAYNE-TRAIN::it's never good when you have to "stun" the wizards
Dr.Pepperand7UP::i think hill should get the start ahead of collison
cukiiman::Hibbert OWNED Nene.
notorioushlb::https://www.facebook.com/pages/NBA-Gauntlet/24738383955
hoosierfan008::Why do all of my fellow Pacer fans want to trade Danny Granger? I just do not understand why we want to trade away our best player.
DaPhillies::best player?? you can argue against that.  he's inconsistent, turnover prone, and limited offensively.  With time, paul george could surpass him.  Hibbert is the most reliable player on the team.
hoosierfan008::Yes i do not think there is much of an argument against Danny being our best player. Paul George definitely has the talent to be better than Danny Granger, which he will end up being better than Danny, but as of right now Danny Granger is our best player, That is why Paul averages 12 pts and Danny averages 18. Roy has been more inconsistent than Danny this year too.
Dr.Pepperand7UP::in ways that is true DaPhillies but he is who leads our team we would have no leadership what so ever with out him
Dr.Pepperand7UP::i know we do not need to trade him he is what glues our team together
hoosierfan008::he is also our team captain so if we trade away Granger we would lose out team leader and our most efficient scorer.
ojhasha::WASHINGTON ARE BIG FAT FACES OMG, HOW CAN THEY LOSE THE LEAD
ronnied81::wow. then again, it WAS washington...
goergetownfan15::I wonder who the wizards will pick up in the draft
Dr.Pepperand7UP::at least the pacers can get their act together on the road
goergetownfan15::I think Wall has the talent to take over the game but why doesnt he use it?
tomBabauts::Talent alone is not enough to take over a game. Basketball is a team game ask Miami.
hoosierfan202::HOW ABOUT THEM PACERS LARRYS TEAM ON A ROLL BABY GO PACERS
cycycychris::from watching all the years of the Wizards. I learned the 20 point losses don't hurt that much anymore. But when you see this team take a big lead and then does not even try in the 2nd half and lose the lead those are the ones that kill your day. Like the 3 that took the lead. Was anyone even trying to cover the guy. He had the ball for like 3 second and not one even tryed to come and cover.
PrettyLillyFlower.::Danny Granger is not that good...anymore... trade him for lebron james :)
Dr.Pepperand7UP::Yeah now you got nothing to say
23germany::lebron for rashard already happened
Dr.Pepperand7UP::Really?
Dr.Pepperand7UP::Rashard Lewis?
PrettyLillyFlower.::dr.pepp is clueless know's very little about the nba
Dr.Pepperand7UP::you know nothing about bball your too caught in the moment with this age of stars
Dr.Pepperand7UP::so your saying the pacers beat all the best teams in the east and the spurs beat all the best teams in the west? There are better teams out there then those two
PrettyLillyFlower.::then they lost to spurs in finals :)
Dr.Pepperand7UP::thats not even possible because a first round playoff game is a game between east teams spurs are west so they couldnt play the pacers first round the only way those two could meet in the playoffs is in the championship game
PrettyLillyFlower.::My bf told me so :) + he said pacers will lose in 1st round to the Spurs..
Dr.Pepperand7UP::and lebron has better stats probally because he plays 14 more minutes than danny
PrettyLillyFlower.::Nowitzki &gt; bird
Dr.Pepperand7UP::and also there is a thing called a salary cap granger for lebron wouldnt work because lebron has a larger salary than danny
Dr.Pepperand7UP::the trade would never go through and grangers being less of a scorer to help younger talent, hes not a ball hog but lebron sure is, pacers should never trade for lebron
PrettyLillyFlower.::Lebron averages 6.6 assist per game more then Granger, better shooting % &amp; more ppg&amp; better defense
huskerfan_03::what an epic comeback. Seems like the wizards can beat anybody at home when they really try. Go Pacers!
thebigdiesiel::its all rockets $@%!$@
Dr.Pepperand7UP::no
Dr.Pepperand7UP::no
thebigdiesiel::both teams suck
Dr.Pepperand7UP::pacers are beast
nblucas97::Your face sucks
Dr.Pepperand7UP::good game pacers nice way to rebound after a miserable 1st half
PacerFan19a::Whew. What a comeback. Good game Washington you guys have a much improved team with Nene. PacersNation rolls on
Copious_Fred::yeah buddy. Pacers
Dr.Pepperand7UP::big pacers fan
tron78887888::well played, mr wall.
Nikoloz3::It was ugly, but it's still a W. Go Pacers!
marat75::Nice trolling day. Peace out.
Sobralll::SHAME Washington... another
ragcity2012::NENE should get more than 9 attempts.  dude is a beast in the post.
nuggetsRulz::"worked" being the operative word. Not only was his toughness questionable, he seemed apathetic at times. LOADS of talent but very inconsistent and timid. Seemed like a great guy though, good teammate. Glad we got McGee.
leo9212::nene is overrated only worked in denver system
leo9212::why you think Denver traded him, when the team was actually playing good
ragcity2012::^lol.   overrated?? the same dude that PHIL FREAKING JACKSON talked about during that series??/ yeah.  he s overrated all right
