NightLifeCruiser::<p>la</p>
NightLifeCruiser::o
NightLifeCruiser::lo
NightLifeCruiser::rok
NightLifeCruiser::eli
NightLifeCruiser::dud
NightLifeCruiser::<a>Buhj</a>
Snakes22::So the only unselfish player on the Kings entire roster - Jimmer - plays 14 minutes???!  Keith Smart is pretty dumb if you ask me.
_misterfurious::Kings should feel ashamed. Only 5 points and 4 boards from Howard and you still lose the game? Come on man...You can't let Jason Richardson and GLEN DAVIS beat you.
Magicmike321::So Yahoo just put up an article about how the magic are not going to trade Howard this season but he will still leave.  I'm thinking just trade him to LA for Bynum and pieces.  I'm tired of all this trade me crap.  Act like a super star and carry your team to a Championship!  At least Bynum can score and knows how to hit FTs!!!
PolicyMajor::Howard won't get his fun in the sun party destination -   but with all those championships he could win + endorsements in a big city like Chicago, he can buy his own island and party there.
PolicyMajor::The Bulls are still the best trade partner for Howard's sake and for The Magic's sake:   1.  The Nets probably won't take what the Magic can give just to get rid of DWilliams.    2.  Bulls trade Deng + Asik+Gibson AND draft picks (maybe even the 6 ft 10 Euro Player of the Year Mirotic) for Howard + Turkoglu.  The Magic would then still be a playoff team with Deng (a potential all star) + 2 young very good defenders Asik &amp; Gibson (and Gibson is an all-around athlete).    The Bulls would probably be the most dominant team in the league with Rose+Howard+Boozer+Turkoglu+Rip Hamilton.   The bench would be CJ Watson+Korver +Brewer+Noah+Jimmy Butler.   And if Noah + Brewer start in place of Boozer + Turkoglu for a more defensive starting line up, then Boozer + Turkoglu can play with the 2nd unit and tear up most any second unit in the league.  That team would hit Miami at its weakest points:  Miami struggles defending quick point guards + dominant centers.  The Bulls would have the best of both...  If LA isn't giving up both Bynum + Gasol, then this is the best offer Orlando can probably get, and its the best chance for Howard to win a ring this year, and probably for the next 3 years at least.
NBA_refs_are_weak::i didnt get a chance to watch this, but a combined 44 personal fouls??? what in the world was going on
ejhova217::Its sad when the refs egos somehow magically override the egos of the players it's disgusting
david508540::All this mess about the Kings being selfish is whack. When the shots start falling then you will see the assist go up. I would rather have more scorers on the floor. Nash has alot of assist every year, so did Stockton and how many Championships did that get them? The Kings are going to be fine when they get coach Smarts system down.
BubbaSpiker::Sorry but you make no sense.  The Kings shot 52% for the game but only had 16 assists.  It has nothing to do with making shots and everything to do with selfish "I'm getting mine" basketball.
jrachi856::Bass and G. Davis' numbers are almost even but unlike Bass, Glen is 290 pounds and can play center. G. Davis has also played better in the playoffs and hit some clutch shots and won playoff games for the Celtics while Bass has been non-exsistant in the playoffs for the Magic. There is no way Bass could've filled in at center for the Magic this game. Throw in Von Wafer's play this game and I feel the Magic got the better end of the trade. The Magic are better with G. Davis and Von Wafer than they are with Bass. G. Davis is going to get better as the season goes on playing center and Wafer is going to play a big role off the Magic bench as he earns more playing time. Go Magic!
DTangMF::SVG should use Von Wafer more, the guy knows how to attack the basket.
n8n8n888::I don't care about the Kings, but as a BYU fan I want to see Jimmer do well.  Hard for him to get that chance if he's not on the court.  He's about the only reason to have a rooting interest in the NBA this year.  Plenty of other great players, to be sure, but little interest in them.
semperbri::fu-q mormon
MNwildBB::Looks like Dwight Howard had a career game.
KikyExcel::Demarcus Cousins, how about that for a flopper?
ThaKinGNaTe17::The fact that Howard saw Orlando win a game without him carrying them is good for Orlando. However, the best part of this game is seeing J-Rich get the ball rolling. Now if only the shell of his old self, Jameer Nelson, could start scoring... Or at least put up 10 assist.
ATLien4ever::okay fans, what will it take to get Howard into one of those nice red ATL uniforms ?
NBA_refs_are_weak::josh smith and joe johnson with a new contract thats more reasonable to his production, like 10 mil a year
DTangMF::Demarkus should be listed as Center, not PF...
Raiders_Till_I_Die::lol bluhd!! haha
MAGIC11033::5 points, 4 rebounds and 2 shots for Dwight??  What the hell happened??????
DTangMF::DCousins got him into foul trouble early
Snakes22::I don't like the Kings and I hate BYU but I have NBA League Pass and watch a lot of games.  Marcus Thornton is the most selfish player I have seen this year. I actually haven't seen him pass the ball to Jimmer once this year. Evans is very selfish for a PG too. Anyone who thinks the Kings are making the playoffs is delusional.
Aaron14488::david you really need to go get checked out at a clinic..... like pronto! your rationales and logic amaze me.  Look at every nba championship team and how the spread the floor and share the ball.  you cannot win basketball games in this league without sharing the ball
NBA_refs_are_weak::ask them about what? winning crap loads of games??? the majority of NBA players dont win a ring, but downplaying the ability to assist is ridiculous. theres a reason that no matter how little talent the suns have people still have an interest in the team, and thats steve nash
david508540::Assist dont mean that much, just ask Stockton and Nash.
semperbri::Rebounds and points dont mean that much either.
FanzzBryBry::i dont know anybody who thinks the kings are going to actually make the playoffs... they do have the talent but pure talent doesn't mean squat unless you play as a team. you're spot on about Thornton, and everybody who follows the kings knows Evans is out of position playing the point. he is more suited as a 2. it's too much one on one with the kings and they wont be successful until they learn to play as a team and share the ball. a team with more turnovers than assists is bound for the lottery every year
david508540::Now Im out.
spurscowboys1312::man, am rooting for the kings to do well but...come on kings, y'all are good enough to be badazz
david508540::Sorry, I gotta go, its been fun discussing the game of B-ball with such knowledgable patrons. Haha
Aaron14488::haha touche chadwi.  see its much more fun when you dont take things so personal
chadwi12::yea i dont know what aaron was thinking with that comment? MECCA!!!!!! lol
chadwi12::later david
Aaron14488::wish i could say likewise haha.  i think yours and mecca world peace's mindset is very similar though haha
Aaron14488::haha oh yeah my bad. See if he wouldnt have changed his name I at least would have spelled ron right
david508540::Its Meta World Peace you dinga ling.
david508540::Artest made a guarantee the Kings would make the playoffs when they were 11 games out in mid season. They made it.
DTangMF::I think Big Baby's defense is overrated, But he still is the better fit than Bass.
DTangMF::Davis backs up the center spot and provide solid picks for Magic's shooters to get open shots. Davis need to realize his strength on keeping other teams big man away from hoop. Bass can play, but he is not what the Magic need, bad team defender and blackhole inside.
hulKKNUPE::I'm sure he'll get his role down with time. I think he's down being immature. It takes time though. He's not gona grow up over night. This is the perfect place, time &amp; opportunity for him to grow.
CosmoKramer1444::Davis is a poor rebounder. What are you talking about?
hulKKNUPE::He's not horrible &amp; he isn't great either but he's a lot better than Bass.
hulKKNUPE::Wrong. It's not overrated at all. Once Glen starts to get his offensive confidence back his defense will look a lot better to you basketball "fans" Glen's defensive rotations are almost always on time, he can play the center spot, takes up space in the paint, better rebounder than Bass, takes charges &amp; can guard the other teams best big man.
ATLien4ever::you cant possibly believe that. Bass can play    have you heard his rap song  "All I do is Ball"
ATLien4ever::Everytime I see Richardson play, all I can think about is how scared he looks when he plays LeBron James
ATLien4ever::yeah QRich
chadwi12::lol
DTangMF::who, QRich?
ATLien4ever::#D12ATL
hulKKNUPE::JJ didn't show up. He never shows up when they play teams that are predominantly black &amp; aggressive.  Same goes for Ryan Anderson.
ATLien4ever::You better get a matchup with the Lakers then
david508540::The Kings will be in the Playoffs this year. They will battle it out with the Clips.
chadwi12::well by almost, i was implying that the ones chucking all the shots this year were in a kings jersey last year..... i was saying that the so called big three that the kings are riding this year, were there last year...  it was the same three chucking all the shot attempts last year as is this year... and if he thinks this foundation of evans thorton and cousins can get them to the playoffs this year, then surely he had simular confidence last year.... i guess this is the elaborating i should have done from the beginning...  to conclude this all, its obvious to me that the kings are going right down the same road this year.... why not put in an unselfish treasure that u drafted in the lottery and see if he can extinguish the selfishness at least to a degree
Aaron14488::definitely agree with you there! Unless ownership steps in and demands they involve jimmer more then it makes it clear why the kings drafted jimmer....$$$$
Aaron14488::well I already have a #7 but I kinda want to hang on to it. I would be thrilled if I had to buy dave  a jersey because that would mean the kings found a way to turn things around, but we both know that is not going to happen this season, guess there is always next year in anneheim
chadwi12::i hear their trying to give kings jerseys away at a rapid rate, so no need to purchase one; unless ur speaking of #7; people are buying that right and left.... go figure..... evidently king fans love the one pass and shot offense (Sometimes no pass and a shot) that is quickly becoming the staple of kings basketball
Aaron14488::I guess time will tell, I dont think Smart is going to change anything, but i'm just not sure this group of players will work for any coach.
Aaron14488::actually I will buy you a kings jersey of your choice and ship it to you if the kings make the playoffs.  Sound good?  and i am a man of my word
Aaron14488::ok will do.  If kings make the playoffs I will get you your jersey.  Are you willing to buy me a suns jersey when the suns make the playoffs this year??? haha
david508540::Are you talking to me? Ill take a Tyreke Evans in XXL. I like the new black Kings jersey, thank you very much.
Aaron14488::ya not sure what chadwi was thinking on that comment, but I just want to break it to you now david.... kings will not be in the playoffs this year.  I hope you find a way to snap out of it and find your way back to reality.
Aaron14488::haha take a deep breath there.  and no i dont know who their starting 5 were last year.  I have never claimed to be a kings fan.  I have watched all their games this year and hoping they do well because of jimmer and by watching them this year I have learned that their starting 5 were not the same.  And you did not say majority anyways you said "almost the exact same starting 5" Even 3/5 doesnt meet that criteria in my book, but I really didnt mean anything by my comment haha.  I just read it and knew it definitely didnt sound right that's all.
chadwi12::Aaron im sure u knew exactly the kings starting five from last year huh.... with that byu shirt on.... but let me enlighten u on what i was thinking since u felt it necessary to get ur little dig in... i was thinking that last year i knew the kings had cousins evans and thorton all on their squad. and that would be 3 out 5, and thus the majority... and since those three are back, that would mean the majority of that starting lineup was back from last year... if thorton didnt start then i was wrong. but for the record, aaron from byu that was what chadwi12 was thinking with that comment... and for bonus points aaron why dont u tell me who the kings put out on the floor as starters last year... since u knew i was way off base with that comment
david508540::If you would have asked me a week ago about the Kings doing anything this year, I would have laughed. Since the firing of Westphal which should have been done last year, and the quick progress through just 2 games with Smart I see the focus changing. No one believed Artest when he guaranteed the Kings would make the playoffs, and they did and they allmost pulled out an upset. It takes a good coach and a belief in that coach to make the difference. Smart will change the mindset of this team.
chadwi12::thorton was starting by seasons end right?
chadwi12::can i ask u a honest ?. did u say the kings would make the playoffs last year? because they have almost the exact same starting five.
david508540::There are two players that are the same starters from last year. Cousins and Tyreke.
Aaron14488::I think it's time to take your medicine dave
david508540::Ive been watching the Kings play for a long time. I can see when progress is being made and when its not. There will be major progress made, and the team will show it by going 3-2 during the upcoming 5 game road trip.
chadwi12::david i dont mean to be hateful, u dont seem like a hateful person, u seem like a true kings fan, but do u really watch the games.. do u not see how selfish the play is.... go watch phoenix, or dallas, or miami, and then watch the kings and hopefully u will see how u r getting cheated as a fan by a couple of selfish ima gets mines ball hogs
chadwi12::we will see. but i like  ur style as a true fan... real talk not being sarcastic... im solely a jimmer fan so im biased i admit... but i know this team is stripping him of something and i hate it.... i just hope he gets out of sacramento soon by trade, or i fear what he will turn into
david508540::They have had one practice and installed just a fraction of the new system that Smart wants to implement. In a few games they will be putting up 25 assist regularly. After a month there will be no denying the KIngs are a top competitor.
david508540::The Kings should have won this game. A couple of three pointers frpm Jimmer or if Marcus makes a basket we easily win this game. Howard was a no show 5 points and 4 fouls, Demarcus outplayed Superman no doubt.
filmchis69::Jimmer?!  BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
sportsmama3163::ma boy j-rich
david508540::Kings playing much better, they need a few more practices and Smart will coach them up.
chadwi12::and u can write fiction all u want and ill just let u know that nothing actually seems further from the truth rather than the kings making the postseason... toooooooooo selfish..... no team ever wins this way...... every player feels the need to get theirs every time they touch it, (even players that are not selfish hogs by nature) simply because they no for a fact that if they pass it there is no chance in heck that they will get it back.. due to the prescident  set by evans and thorton and cuzns,  the rest of the team is following right along.... it is a terrible tea&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; actually im not referring to them as a team, not we they are actually the exact opposite.. they are a terrible group of players thrown together for selfishness sake
david508540::Riiiight. Like how many Championships have Stockton and Nash won?
Aaron14488::oh wow i was going to actually defend myself but then you go and make that comment and I realize there is no need for that.  you clearly are not sane.
chadwi12::hate to disagree with you i am most certainly going to have to....kings are selfish garbage..... please just trade my boy.... he's too fun to watch to be wasting away in the jungle that is kings basket i mean street ball
david508540::Why you hatin?
david508540::You can disagree all you want, it still doesnt make you right. The Kings will be in the playoffs.
Aaron14488::did you watch the game?? honest question
david508540::I thought there was no such thing as a stupid question, until now.
barrk0::The Kings are that bad?
Aaron14488::nash 16 assists with 6 minutes left in the 3rd quarter... kings 16 assists in the entire game as a team hmmmmm
chadwi12::i didnt really get it either, i was guessing he was saying if thorton was hitting his shots, there would have been some assist to tally up from whoever passed it thorton... although i disagree, because thorton doesnt usually do his work from a nice in rhythm pass, he does his work by stalling the flow of offense and going 1 on 3..
Aaron14488::ya that's why i'm not following.  Thorton and assists have no relationship whatsoever
chadwi12::he's the only one who shoots.... lol
Aaron14488::i'm not following your comment??
Heat72682::It's not the Kings fault if Thornton is having an off night.
chadwi12::i said......tyreke has those re re tiny teethies on his bottom rack... simple simon teethies..... ol and the gaps up top... i dont know whether to smile at him or kick a FG
chadwi12::and i could also throw out a metaphor and draw a parallel between his gappy tiny teeth, and the massive gaps in his game, as well as his tiny noggin and his tiny ability to function as a point guard
chadwi12::heres what.... even when he has a good lookin game (which i dont concede tonights game was) he still is ugly as he ll doing it..... mainly he's a selfish ugly ace player with a matching ugly ace game
david508540::You have a gap in your brain. Your missing the part that makes sense.
Heat72682::What does his gap have to do with his good game tonight?
chadwi12::the coaches and scouts picked fredette in the lottery.... not so much in agreement with a hater.....
2bowdown::Didn't see the Magic game, but in the other games there was not inside outside ball movement.  basically there was one pass inside and whoever got it would just drive to score.  Alot of bad looks.  With that said, I think that the kings have many players with potential.  If they can develop better ball movement, unselfish play that gives better looks they will make a run.  Jimmer is a good player but looks hesitant to take charge.  May not have the green light and who knows what the situation is in the locker room.  Good luck Kings and Jimmer!
chadwi12::heck yea isnt it MLQ day coming up soon.... its one of my fav holidays.... no work and bball all day why we give praise to a known adulterer... davies was suspended and has never muttered an ugly word about a university who holds firm to their standards.... MLQ wouldnt last a min there
TheDags0513::I am going to suspend the only black person on my team because he had sex before marriage. Jimmer is a virgin...
Ravens go Hard::only if you get caught
TheDags0513::By the way, Salt Lake City has one of the highest rates of heroin addiction in the US. Wonder why?
blbjaz::Not to mention the best local economy in the U.S.  Haters go on hatin, but the fact of the matter Utah is one of the best places in the world.
braineater000::The only point you're proving is that you're an $@%.
chadwi12::tyreke has those re re tiny teethies on his bottom rack... simple simon teethies..... ol and the gaps up top... i dont know whether to smile at him or kick a FG
TheDags0513::Stupid idiots. Celebrate the man's birthday.
chadwi12::lol
Aaron14488::this is what being a kings fan for an extended period of time does to people.  Must be rough! I'm here for you if you need someone to talk to.  I also know of a book that would really help shed some light.  Let me know if you're interested
TheDags0513::I will only buy a Jimmer jersey if it has sleeves.
Mormon Ball::OK I'm out I've had enough of this Dags kid good night!
TheDags0513::Good job Maloofs. You have added fans who will not support your team or gamble in your casinos. WTG.
Aaron14488::haha you actually make an excellent point there! really have no clue what the maloofs were thinking.
chadwi12::stop responding to the mo ron M BALL... when u argue with the idget it can become fuzzy who the idget actually is....
Aaron14488::i'm starting to wonder if there are any real kings fans even left out there.  Pretty sure there are only jimmer fans and jimmer haters.  Kings fans are too depressed with the realization that their franchise wont be there much longer
BubbaSpiker::You could be right.  They got a lot of fans that came with Jimmer.  They will lose those fans when he leaves too.
BubbaSpiker::Another no passing, ball hogging suck-fest.
Aaron14488::nash has 16 assists early in the 3rd quarter... this might help make your point as well
BubbaSpiker::Since you don't know much about the sport ... 16 TEAM assists is terrible.  Hope that helps.
Aaron14488::evans played pretty well, even played some d, cousins played well, so did salmons... i'm not blaming the players.......... coaching is horrendous
TheDags0513::Those 8 assists by Tyreke looked like a ball hog to me.
TheDags0513::Sorry Cousins. I have to tell LP to allow me to switch teams. The Jimmer lovers are worse that the Tebow lovers, even though Tebow has proven to be a good QB.
Mormon Ball::.....and Jimmer hasn't proved to be a good PG......... you make me laugh sometimes
filmchis69::ROFL!  Jimmer is JOKE!
Mormon Ball::Please tell who Jeffrey is
BubbaSpiker::Don't respond to this moro n.
TheDags0513::Just ask Jeffrey about that.
Mormon Ball::Mormons don't practice polygamy anymore.
TheDags0513::Do do your three wives when they tickle my balls.
