Miami Heat are beast::man these clippers look scary as hell  34-13 holy moly
oczonie::Order is  being restored with the real LA team winning on the road.  But can Clips can continue to win on the road with CP3 resting?
ksjameson::This is funny: http://youtu.be/8UvmDSGGQEs (Refs vs. The Timberwolves)
nick_m21::just like last clippers wolves game.  the clippers can play bull in a china shop all game long.  wolves get called for everything
MinniWolves90::There were some ticky-tack calls. It was a very physical game, and the refs were letting them play for the most part, but towards the very end I feel like there were some unfavorable calls (against the Wolves). I'm used to it though, I've been a small-market Minnesota fan for a long time.
BarrelRider04::Wow, another UGLY win for us, but I guess we'll take it. Some pretty bad defense and no ball movement once again. Pretty bizarre Griffin had 1 shot attempt in 4th. I don't know how to explain that?? Oh yeah, and as others mentioned, Bledsoe's shooting performance was horrid!
TreC1983::I always wonder why Matt Barnes always changes teams for someone so skilled then last night happens at least once a season. Then he'll get a technical in 7-8 other games and it's on to the next team summer after summer. He truly doesn't get it
nick_m21::have you seen the dude? he clearly doesn't get it.
Bill.Saskatchewan::Rubio is the best PG ever, wait til hes back! Just wait! We will get the 6 seed!!! - Dillusional Wolves fans
nick_m21::I want love gone.  good riddance to that baby.
Bill.Saskatchewan::Wow...you know it sucks to be a Twolve when you can even get over 1000 comments in a game where a fight broke out
gbac16::I like how the video says, "brutal punch to throat."  Soccer players think that was hyperbole.
nirvanarox67::Ive been using a bet system called Sportsbettingstar. im making around 2-3k a month average since I started playing this system. You can find this system on the 1st page of google by searching for sports betting systems
JohndoMEnow1::any one interested in lakers vs clip valentine day sec 111, sec 110 $$$ hit me up xlamle@yahoo.com
Minnysota Vikings::Kevin Love's importance to this team was shown more tonight than any other. Dwill and Dante are undersized 4s who were dominated on the glass during most of this game. Why Chris Johnson didn't get any minutes flabbergasts me as well.
nick_m21::KLove is a defensive liability as well.
sautan::why Eric Bledsoe is being praised for shooting 3-14?
Ustna9::Who is praising him for having a poor shooting night???
TriumphHit::Because he got 10 assists and six steals.
suzyscooter::CP3 will be back as soon as he gets a little Deer Antler spray . . .
Rip City Forever::Minny fans whats up? Good job for putting out a fight ! With the roster you have that's impressive
TriumphHit::Stiemsma is Nuisance. Just looking at him makes me want to slap him. A pesky anu$ no one likes. http://espn.go.com/nba/player/_/id/4235/greg-stiemsma
nick_m21::matt barnes is low level trash.  stiesma isn't going to get 20 and 10 and he knows it.  how would he be a "fake tough guy"?
majerle9_93::As a Wolves fan, I disagree, I like him... Barnes is crap.
MinniWolves90::Matt Barnes is a punk. He started it, there was nothing malicious about Stiemsma's pick. Stiemsma shouldn't have reacted like he did a few minutes later, but it was Barnes who started everything.
underpiker::Stiemsma is a fake tough guy, as is all current and former celtics... Barnes is a team player with a short fuse
lazoodo::If Jordan shot a pistol at a firing range like he shoots a free throw on the court, there'd be dead people all over the place.
relentlessind127::While i am a DieHard wolves fan..This season is scrapped.  Plain and simple every game gets to the 4th quarter while we are right there and without Love we just don't have a scorer to step up. They don't feed Pek the ball.  mise well tank it and get a better lottery pick. And KLove can't even complain it was his fault for not rehabbing his hand fully that we are in this mess without our superstar player. FUCKSALT
The Hoaxing Hawaiian::So, the Raptors got a little gayer today...
Kobelies247::Sorry Blazer fans but Aldrigde isnt even close to being on the same lvl as Griffin.....
Rip City Forever::BLAZERS BEAT THE CLIPPERS LOL!!!!
A Drunk Monk::And vice versa as well...
BlazersFan900::Aldridge is another version of David West
Rip City Forever::Hey aren't you guy that's not even a blazer fan? Could you please change your name? Maybe use YOUR favorite team?
LAclippers180532::haha what? blake has been an allstar for 3 straight years! blake is wayyyyyy better
Jose Juan Barea::No Blazers fans on here...  And as a T-Wolves fan, I'd take Aldridge over Griffin.
Danadude69::That is why you would still suck
KevinHate::Rough season for Minn.
timmylinbaseballfreak::mike trout linked to PED USE now we have a problem is baseball going to hang its image on harper alone now. damn...did trout at 20 years old really need to take PED'S?
timmylinbaseballfreak::mike trout linked to PED USE now we have a problem is baseball going to hang its image on harper alone now. damn...did trout at 20 years old really need to take PED'S?
timmylinbaseballfreak::mike trout linked to PED USE now we have a problem is baseball going to hang its image on harper alone now. damn...did trout at 20 years old really need to take PED'S?
CHarrisonMN::I can't even believe the wolves have managed to win 17 games. Hopefully they will produce an okay game on friday, however, it is likely I'll be paying to see the lakers rape them
bhilgenberg::If Griffin doesn't hit that prayer of a shot at the end the clippers would have likely lost...they should have put away the twolves way earlier.... wolves just lost to the Bullets AND the Bobcats back to back.. I'm afraid the Clips won't last long in playoffs
Danadude69::We were without our All Star point guard and a key bench player and still won, that is the sign of a good team
LAclippers180532::u r dumb bhigenberg
A Drunk Monk::That was a good attempt at a troll, I applaud you sir.
madnesslover::Thanks to the Clips for beating Minny....well done! L.A. teams all the way.
snakeice64::oops wrong board
snakeice64::Weird Crown Royal commercial
Keith Closs::i missed the damn game...whats up with ebled going 3-14 shooting?  what was the problem?
Kev_010::clippers have too much scoring options while wolves have none no wonder wolves lost
gt1master_ike::Blake has been more aggressive without Paul. But he has to play like this when Paul returns for the Clips to reach their potential.
airicad::For the first game in a few weeks, DJ did not play like a scrub.  And he made a few FTs too!  I want to see more of this from him.
big_donger::matt barnes = $@%!$
anyan20804::Matt Barnes is a wife-beating $@%!.  He punched a guy in a charity game.  What more needs to be said? At least Metta World Peace doesn't hit women.
airicad::Matt Barnes is a boss.  He's one of those players that if you have on your team you think he is awesome but if he's not on your team, you think he's a total punk.   He's definitely the glue guy of our bench.  Keeps us motivated and does all the little things to supplement Crawford, Bledsoe, and Odom.
majerle9_93::As a Suns fan, I have to disagree, Barnes doesn't bring much, at least he didn't bring much to Phoenix.
twinsfanforlife9566::No he is a thug. Ron Atrest JR  is all Matt Barnes is
Constantinius III::So is Ricky Rubio still considered to be "a candidate to be one of the top five point guards in the NBA by 2015", ESPN?
airicad::They did this piece on PGs this past weekend and rated him as the "best passer in the game".  Forgot to mention that he can barely do anything else.
nicholl08::When Chris Paul returning?
nirvanarox67::He is supposed to join the team up at somepoint during this road trip
mnsportswopwopwahhh::Atleast!!! we have the WILD
twinsfanforlife9566::Screw Hockey
mnsportswopwopwahhh::Does Rubio re tare his ACL in the next game?
A Drunk Monk::TWolves fans will still think he's the best thing since sliced bread
bradwinsall::nah we wisened up to that. don't really think hes 100% back from the injury but hes not that great. amazing passer, rest of the game is far below average tho.
mnsportswopwopwahhh::David Kahn the only person I know that can fail year after year after year after year and still keep his job
ballerartist1::He has compromising pictures of Glen.
Skylander14::Its a good thing Glen is looking to sell the team and Kahn is on the last year of the deal.
mnsportswopwopwahhh::I think there having an affair with eachother
ballerartist1::Ricky Rubio -18 in plus/minus.  Real stud there.
Skylander14::He was +23 last game. Real stud there.
mnsportswopwopwahhh::Really concerned with the Twolves coaching.  Rubio Shved AK fill in the blank and Pek really need more time playing together
A Drunk Monk::<b>I'm still laughing at the idiot fan who would take Rubio over Griffin...hahaha</b>
ballerartist1::Dear David Kahn,  I was just wondering if you realized we could use talent like Rudy Gay?   Sincerely, Wolves Fans
jclillehei12::Rudy Gay is not good. Kahn trading for him would be a mistake.
ChillinMickey::The T'wolves need a guy they can give the ball to down the stretch to get them some buckets in a close game. Rudy could've easily filled that role. With Roy and Love gone, that would've been a BIG plus.
mnsportswopwopwahhh::He's not smart enough to orchestrate that cmon
Poopy Boner::that mavs fans deserves leukemia and a brain tumor at the same time.
BoatDrinks13::grow up
upl8dawg::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar over the past few months. i doubled my starting balance within a month and made over $3000 by my second month using this systems picks. You can find the system on the first page of google by searching for sports betting systems. If you bet sports you gotta see this system at work
FanofTexas28::You still going sh.it even though you're behind the Mavs, T'wolves fans? So tired of you guys.
FanofTexas28::If the T'wolves can't make the playoffs with Kevin Love and Pekovic, then they're in some serious trouble. Dirk was able to lead a team with a bunch of slightly above average players to a title.
LaMarcus Aldridge::Blazers have done more with less.
Minnysota Vikings::You realize the Wolves are on pace to be the most injured team of the past 10 years right? Hard to do anything with 8 guys out.
Mittens___the cat::kevin love is out moron. what are you talking about?
Drle5761::they've got Ricky Rubio. He's an electric and exciting 7 pts, 5 assists guy.
Mittens___the cat::the mavs have no future
Poopy Boner::danddude deserves leukemia.
sambecker1::BLEDSOE STEPPING UP!!!
Soonerhopeful1::Of course the Clippers would love to have Love....Don't think Clippers can afford him and Griffin, and CP3.  But would be a nice front line.
Skylander14::Would be one of the worst defensive front lines ever.
ChillinMickey::True, but they would gobble up ALL the rebounds and with CP3 would would be an unstoppable offensive force.  Basically, the rebounds and points would more than make up for the defense.
BoatDrinks13::better just make sure cp3 stays 1st
Danadude69::Willie Green 0 points in 16 minutes? Get this guy outta town!
Drle5761::And how did that imbecil Derick Williams made 5 personal fouls in span of 12 minutes. I wasn't watching the game, but i bet at least 4 of them were shooting.
