78cantHOOP::Knight is only 21 cant give up on the kid let's see how he develops over the summer. Needs to be a better playmaker and get his teamates in scoring positions asst needs to be up some but he is raw talent.
bamberg1977::Knight doesnt have a PG's feel for game, more of a pure scorer. But neither did Billups. Billups just learned how to command an offense and became a great game manager, most of his dimes were off set plays. Important thing is Knight is a hard working intelligent guy, He's going to be at least a good PG because of his shooting ability, speed with ball and good (developing) Defense.
bamberg1977::Knight is a great shooter, and if you watched this game carefully his D was outstanding, he has great potential on that side of the ball, and is finally showing the anticipation and attitude to shut guys down for stretches. .
78cantHOOP::Making my trip around the league not the status quo.
earlealston::Still hoping management doesn't blow this team up come offseason. One or to more decent role players and they can be playoff contenders again.
78cantHOOP::they need scoring bad I think Ben McClemore and Knight would be a good combo
GCCCOWBOY::I cant believe they still let stuckey on the floor. He is god awful.
YouAlreadyLost617::Is it just me or do people just have find a reason to complain these guys are playing exciting basketball mor exciting then they have been in a while.  You guys who want them to tank for a draft pick are probably working at mcdonalds because there used to losing in life.  We have a good core i just wish monroe was more cluth other then that keep it up fellas.  Bring chauncy back.
bamberg1977::With 1 min left in 1st A. Drummond clearly stripped the ball from a guard. Yet box says 0 steals. Good stat-keeping
ryandillon94::If the Pistons really want to improve attendance, they have to move downtown. No more of this Auburn Hills nonsense.
t casey::They need to start winning games. Moving downtown is only gonna help the attendance for so long. Once the newness wears off, all that's left is a sub par product. And in the words of Sweet Brown, ain't nobody got time for that.
t casey::I don't see us being that good by next year. But hopefully, who knows.
bamberg1977::t casey - They need to start winning games. Moving downtown is only gonna help the attendance for so long. Once the newness wears off, all that's left is a sub par product. And in the words of Sweet Brown, ain't nobody got time for that.  Exactly. Unfortunately the downtown cheerleaders have a misunderstanding. . Pistons led league in attendance for years.. the problem is lock-out, long ownership change, and 6 time Eastern Conf. Final hangover. But now Pistons have an amazing group of young players that will be winners for years and sell out the palace. No chance at downtown move. I'm not against it, but it isnt realistic and reasons given for doing so are empty. By this time next year Pistons will be sold out, because they'll be very good
8723Chris::Using a bet system named Sportsbettingstar. Ive made 2-3K a month the past 3 months following it. You can find this system on the first page of google by searching for basketball betting system.s
bman0402::http://texastoatlanta.wordpress.com/
ccgagnon365::Who are you guys and what have you done with the Pistons???
t casey::Well, it looks like this will be another year of playing just good enough to miss the playoffs as well as the best picks in the draft. Mediocrity, here we come... again.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::The entire draft sucks and the Pistons are playing better than they have at any point the last 3 years...not the same team.
t casey::We're on pace for like 32 wins. That's almost exactly the same win totals we had in '10 and '09.That's par for the course. And with this dolt of a head coach, Frank, at the helm, don't expect any serious jumps.
EAGLENATION98::were not gettin top 8 now. We can kiss that goodbye. Best chance of a draft pick is the playoff or Frank is an idiot...again and just does dumb crap. He doesnt manage talent well. nice win for us.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Not getting Top 8? If you mean in the draft, we're currently Top 6...so there goes that argument. If you mean Playoffs, we're playing more than well enough to make it.
bamberg1977::Ha, when we are competing for championships from 2014-2020, will you remember your idiocy?
Calvin Johnson 1849 Yards::Pistons are winning the title this year. Gonna make it 5 in a row vs the Bobcats Sunday
TheJTram::Tbh, that game really scared me as the Pistons were going through another 2nd half collapse...lucky break we came out on top...Btw, Im certain Daye can take Singler's spot as a starter this season
JimDetroitFan95::Plenty of opinions on here.  Not many of them are intelligent.
Paul78655::Frank doesn't manage the team enough to really exploit what he actually has. He was the reason LeBron tore up the Celtics in '11, yet the Pistons hired him like he was close to being on Tom Thibideau's level.
t casey::I'm no Frank fan, but blaming an assistant coach for a team's failures is a stretch. Assistants only have so much influence on a team.
DetroitFanInATL313::hopefully we can make the playoffs this year and the trade we owe the bobcats isn't a lottery pick
Jrange378::I'm almost positive its lottery protected so if we strike lottery no dice for the bobcats.
phunky58::Daye should of been gettn steady mins for years now, i hate when coaches dont recognize talent.  some grr8 players in this league dont play
zach strauch::Detroit needs to stop the second half freefalls. we have a 20 point lead and give it up and somehow find a way to come back at the very end. you guys need to start playing a full 48 minutes. GO DETROIT!
JimDetroitFan95::I genuinely miss hockey..........
zach strauch::Ya, I love my red wings.
JimDetroitFan95::Nice win against a very good team tonight Pistons.  Whip the Bobcats and keep it going.
zach strauch::well said, hopefully we can beat charlotte at home.
Lemuel7043::Good game Detroit. Till next time. Still, that was a 3. lol
smackdab0::Alright, its time for bed.. see yall for the bobcat game. ^5
trademarktaz::MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00 - We already have many SG's. Brandon Knight, Stuckey, Daye, and English...we need a PG.  Lol 2 PGs, a SF and a 2nd round rookie, and you left off SF Kyle Singler playing SG. Looks like we're good at shooting guard. Lol just kidding.
Chillin_in_SD::At this rate the pistons will be picking in the low lottery. Like 8-13.  Probably not high enough for Shabazz or Poythress.
Paul78655::Its Franks system. Run the offense through Monroe- Drummond in the paint and Knight probably doubles his assists.
smackdab0::Knight is a gym rat, he will become a good whatever they want him to be. I dont think he's as bad as the wrap he gets.
t casey::Having a veteran or coach who could teach him the nuances of the position would help him a ton. Too bad we don't have either of the two.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::I'm not giving up on him...but he's got to start to turn it around soon.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Um...LMAO! You actually think Stuckey is a PG??? And Knight??? Does that mean if we put a PG in front of Drummond's name he'll be one too??? Brandon Knight and Stuckey are scorers, not passers. They create for themselves and don't have great decision making, court vision, or anything else a PG needs. Day is extremely skinny and can't hold up to any SF's unless they are as skinny as him. He's been played at SG for significant time the last few games. Kim English has proven that he can contribute when given some time. And like I said, just because you put SF in front of Singler's name, doesn't mean he's a SG...He's a SF. We need either a PG or a SF in the draft and the only guy I would consider if we got a top 5 pick would be Shabazz. So no, we don't need to tank
Paul78655::Shabazz would be my pick, but you're wrong on Daye and Knight. As Drummond gets more touches, Knights assists should go up. Daye is intriguing because the league is trending on the flex 4's stepping out and shooting. If he puts on a little more weight, he could at least take Tayshaun's job eventually.
smackdab0::i'd rather have poythress but he'll end up going too soon
iVoted4Kodos.::Detroit on track for a similar record as last year and archie goodwin in the draft.
smackdab0::Wish they didnt take FOX off the air around here, i'd love to be watching that A&amp;M game
smackdab0::if they dont have it back by the superbowl ima have to go buy an antenna
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Good news: The Rockets win! One win closer to that lottery pick.
Lemuel7043::lol trollfest at the Miami board
Lemuel7043::haha. burn
Detroit Everything::I go to school in Miami. Earlier today people we're talking crap about how no one can beat them. And I said "we did" I got laughed off. Can't wait to go to Pistons @ Heat 1/25
Detroit Everything::at what point in the season do games played balance out? We've been averaging more than 3 games than the rest of the league!
Lemuel7043::Isn't that a bad thing if you have a bad record and still have more games played than the rest?
Detroit Everything::I assume so lol
smackdab0::hmm, idk.. weird.
smackdab0::before and after we go overseas, they'll prolly give us a lot of rest, how many games do the Knicks have?
Detroit Everything::we've played 3 more than the knicks
Detroit Everything::we're 4 up on Atlanta too
iVoted4Kodos.::http://www.teamrankings.com/nba/stat/games-played
Detroit Everything::nice. I guess today's games aren't updated yet cause this was our 35th game
smackdab0::i was wondering that. We havent been playing as much the last week but i think we got 5 more games than milwaukee right now.
iVoted4Kodos.::earlier this week we had played 7 more games than the T-wolves
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Don't look now but the Pistons are tied for the longest winning streak in the NBA!!!!
smackdab0::Man, does it make sense that I'm still a little nervous for the bobcat game? It seems like it'd be the perfect 'letdown' game.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Exactly. And no, with the way that the Pistons started out, every fan SHOULD be nervous that this team could lose it again at any time.
iVoted4Kodos.::Chortle.
Philip3664::I know it was against Toronto but damn....31 and 20 for Cousins...wow
denn19641::He probably wants out of Sacto so he is giving those stats to lure teams.
Philip3664::Yeah thats true. If he ever gets his act together he will be a even better player
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Great player when he wants to be; cancer to his team the majority of the time.
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::The NBA officiating has become just awful. How the guys who called the Horford THREE a 2 pointer have jobs at a professional level is beyond me.
the royal spam::you would be the same fan that said Michigan had a first down and Colorado's shot was after the buzzer... nuff said
smackdab0::I understand if you're one of those guys who thinks ur team gets fouled everytime down the court and that your team never makes a foul, it would look like a 3. But i mean, the officials have to be objective.
smackdab0::Pretty much. if you look at it you see him step on it.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::because they looked at the replay and saw that his toe was on the line as did anyone else who watched the replay.
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Lol...I was gonna bring up the same point but didn't want to sound like a hypocrite. Congrats, cause that's what YOU'VE done, because as a Pistons fan, YOU are biased. So don't even try to bring that up kid. You're flat out wrong.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Yes, from the 3 camera angles that they showed, his foot was on the line. When you see the white 3 point line make an indent around his shoe, that means his shoe was on it. When you see absolutely no "tan/cream color" of the court between his foot and the line, that means he was on the line. And I also love how you say that it was too hard to tell anything and then you say it was DEFINITELY a 3. Way to be biased...oh maybe because you're an Atlanta fan.
Ben Sheets could be the second half savior for the Braves::Right. From the camera angle given, you're going to tell me it was CLEARLY a 2 and that the evidence was DEFINITELY enough to reverse the call? You're crazy. It wasn't a 2 at all.
Lemuel7043::LOL lebron bricked a 3
Detroit Everything::Philly will likely lose again tomorrow to the Spurs  Bucks and Pacers play each other tomorrow...  And New York should beat Orlando.   Can the Hawks beat Boston?
smackdab0::i wonder how much of a revenge factor was in tonights game, if it was for the hawks in the last game, we'd have a 7 game win streak.
Lemuel7043::we're looking for revenge from Boston too
Lemuel7043::if they play like the previous games, yes we definitely can
Lakenzie7772::Stay tough hawks! WHO WANTS FREE MONEY? Tired of getting paid less with all the hard work?  NEED CASH ASAP? Go to www.instantmoneynetwork.com/speedlkm
Lemuel7043::Damn Lebron is a monster
smackdab0::i cant believe that i dont know who to take in the clippers/lakers game. I'll prolly just take the lakers.. cuz they're getting points and maybe they play harder since its for 'the best team in LA" thing.
smackdab0::yah, i ended up taking the clippers anyways.. i really cant tell you why. ha. I did bet more on the first half -2.5 than the game -4.5
iVoted4Kodos.::clipps lost 2 in row after winning 17 straight
Lemuel7043::lets just troll both
Lemuel7043::Thank you Boston for beating Indiana
smackdab0::I think drummond, building fans from the casual viewer and gaining popularity in the league has started to make us less of a joke lately.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::I'm pretty sure we wanted the Celtics to lose...seeing as how we're chasing them for the playoffs.
Detroit Everything::need the bucks to lose too!
iVoted4Kodos.::man, if the pistons could become respectable like the Bucks, that would be awesome...
verfielderbrera::Detroit's Bench scored 41 against Atl's 14. When you look at it the Pistons have starters throughout their first and second teams. Frank had to figure out the best players that play with each other instead of playing the best 5 players on the team together. I think that is finally the difference in the way they are playing together. Nice Strategy for a young team with only a couple proven veterans playing.
Lemuel7043::trollfest at the MIA-CHI board
JimDetroitFan95::Whoop the Bobcats, and I will be pleased Detroit.
trademarktaz::The Pistons would be better off tanking but I guess winning games is important if you want to please the 500 fans who show up at the Palace to see Austin Daye getting showcased for a trade.
trademarktaz::If you think Stuckey is taking us anywhere at SG still I think you're the one who would make a terrible GM because that plan already failed lol. And Austin Daye didn't even get play time until recently when they said they wanted to trade him. And Kim English is a rookie the jury is out on him but so far he's not playing. As for Brandon Knight at SG it could work, but then we'd still have no true SG. Sounds like the Last 2 Pistons seasons all over again lol.
trademarktaz::The only way we can retain our 2014 draft pick is by making the playoffs this season, and if you think that's happening then that's just stupid. The Pistons are on pace to be another average team unless we can get better talent. But we got our PG of the future Brandon Knight, lol...
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::We already have many SG's. Brandon Knight, Stuckey, Daye, and English...we need a PG.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Yes, keep a draft pick for a draft that's extremely weak and let Charlotte take the pick next year when the draft is better...oh wait, or we could let our current players continue to grow, go into the offseason with cap space or use that cap space to make a trade, probably make the playoffs with the way they're playing now and give up the throw-away/garbage draft pick this year and keep their pick next year...this is why you'd make a terrible GM.
trademarktaz::The 2013 draft has plenty of good prospects the Pistons could use, like one of the many SG's going in the top 5 which we're playing ourselves out of. But good thing we found our SG of the future in Kyle Singler, lol.
smackdab0::yah, we've never had a problem with these guys playing hard.
verfielderbrera::Scouts are saying they should bypass next years draft cause it's very week. It doesn't matter where they Draft anyway. It's a Lottery.
Detroit Everything::they're not going to tank, at least, not if it's up to the players.
trademarktaz::I bet they can't wait to team up with Knight and Stuckey, lol.
smackdab0::yah, who cares about looking attractive to prospective free agents when we'll have all that cap room this off season
hoopster_u::Monroe sounds like Barry White.
smackdab0::Wade has become a booty player, too many hard fouls early in his career have rendered him pretty useless. he's about 6 years older than he is in basketball years. flops for fouls like stuckey, both of them are alot alike.
Lemuel7043::Wow. Chicago fans are having orgasm right now. Beating Heat without Rose
smackdab0::yah back when the bench played team basketball
Detroit Everything::Singler plays pretty good with the second unit, i mean it's all shooters, Bynum could average 10 assists off the bench
iVoted4Kodos.::singler... i just dont know...
Detroit Everything::are u suggesting we put stuckey back in the startling lineup? Cuase that might not be a bad idea
Detroit Everything::we beat them without stuckey lol
Lemuel7043::but Bynum was Space-Jam like that game
smackdab0::maxiell had himself a solid game. pretty quiet double double.
sethbball20::His hustle plays were huge down the stretch as well. He may have saved that one for us.
Detroit Everything::Rooting for the Rockets to beat the Bucks! I'm in full homer mode right now.
verfielderbrera::Deeeeeeeeeeeeeetrooooooooiiiiittttt BaaaaaasketBaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaallllllllllllllllllllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!! Keep It Up Boys.
Lemuel7043::LOL AIRBALL BOSH
TheFinalPlay::Although the Pistons have been on a hot streak, the one thing that still bothers me is that they fall asleep in the fourth and make games closer than what they should be. Im not sure if they are too conservative or what but it needs to be adressed.
hoopster_u::concur
sethbball20::3 games out of the 8 seed, and we don't go out west again until march (we struggle out there). I SOMEWHAT like our chances.
