aztigen29::celts will hold the knicks for 35 points in 2nd half
zachrlee::They just don't like Jeremy Lin. Even his stats are fudged up to make him look bad. Lin had 7 assists, not Baron Davis. Baron Davis had a bad game. The black writer wanted to put Jeremy Lin in a bad light and make Baron Davis the only shining light. Fine, then trade Jeremy Lin to the Lakers.
oa92000::The coaches want  Lin to pass, not to shoot, they have held Lin down..Only 20 million dollar mancan shoot,according Stephen A. only Melo  can shoot, Melo is the man.
green solution::Doc now want to shorten the bench. Doc's a terrible coach.
Hands Off Hobo Joe::<strong>eat the pig</strong>
Hands Off Hobo Joe::eat the pig like god would
Hands Off Hobo Joe::<sup>eat the pig</sup>
Hands Off Hobo Joe::<sub>eat the pig</sub>
Hands Off Hobo Joe::eat the pig
Hands Off Hobo Joe::eat the pig
Hands Off Hobo Joe::<i>eat the pig</i>
Hands Off Hobo Joe::<i>EAT THE PIG</i>
Hands Off Hobo Joe::jk
Hands Off Hobo Joe::DROP
Hands Off Hobo Joe::DROP BIG BALLS
Hands Off Hobo Joe::<b> YEAH I BUST RHYMES </b> SUP WITH YOU
Hands Off Hobo Joe::DROP<b> IT</b>
guohuixie@yahoo.com::Test message, please ignore
yale203::Lin will be a top 5 point guard in a few years.  He is only going to get better and better as he continues to play with his peers.
Mr2147Rabbitz::no he's not.
Dave6673::I'M Melo, I shoot a lot yo, it don't go in though, but I'm Melo.....I'm Melo, I slap white guys and run the other way yo, cuz I'm Melo......I'm Melo, I think I'm a star yo, but my teams never win though!
nysportsrules::Your not Melo...Your an Idiot
doonmcv::I'm not a Knicks fan , but I am a big fan of Linsanity and his impressive success coming from nowhere.  All the hype has put a target on his back so opposing teams always exert their best efforts against him.  Under those conditions he has done quite well given his lack of experience.  I am with those who suggest that Baron start and give Lin a chance to gain experience coming off the bench.  He is already better than most backup pgs and would hone his skills  against a little lower level of talent.
dred1495::I agree that they are in a weird position..... they prolly wont get fair value for rondo or ray allen, cant really/ shouldn't trade pierce out of respect, and kg isn't worth anything anymore.  The problem with the cap spae is that Boston isn't a real attractive place for free agents.  I don't really remember any big name going to boston in free agency, or really even entertain the thought.  And with how willing ainge is to trade everyone and anyone that would make me hesitant unless I knew I was going to be a valuable piece to their rebuilding effort
doonmcv::Being 60 years old myself I can understand your cringing watching them some nights.  I cringe every time I have to get up to go to the refrigerator to get another beer.  Maybe this is a good time to let the Heat  and Chicago beat each other up and rebuild since the Lakers and Nicks are on the verge of the same problem.  In the west the Lakers, Clippers, Mavs, and Thunder are all 1 injury away from becoming insignificant.  I hate to say it, but it looks as if Miami has a pretty strong edge this year.
34BigDaddyO::There are def some nights I cringe watching them play, the age does show some nights. This was a good game, even though very sloppy and both teams could have won the game, it did show a lot of energy from key guys. Bass, Pierce and Rondo are very important to this team. If Ray can have some good nights here and there, and KG plays the way he has been playing in the center position I would want to see them stick it out the rest of the way. And add a small piece or two via trade. If they could get Kaman that would be great. It's going to be interesting come 3/15 to see the changes (if any).
doonmcv::I wouldn't write Boston off this year just as they are,  They played with a lot of energy yesterday and those old guys could be quite impressive in the playoffs with their experience.  Also nobody seems to mention Brandon Bass who seems to be coming on lately.   I have to agree with your point Big DaddyO.
34BigDaddyO::Yup, and some friends of mine who are C's fans talk about Deron Williams, we already have Rondo so signing him makes no sense, not to mention he wouldn't want to go to Boston. I think him and Howard are set going to Dallas. I think next year you sign some mid level guys, see how they work with Rondo, if they don't make playoffs see what you get in the draft for the next 1-2 years and rebuild. I can see Ainge letting the team just set it's course and him figuring it out next year, and the other part sees him trading Pierce, Ray and Rondo, letting KG retire and getting the contracts off the roster and start from scratch. He has his work cut out for him, either way he is going to hear negative comments. Tough call.
dred1495::Thunder wont do it, they need Westbrooks scoring, they really only have three guys that put the ball in the basket at any type of consistency (Durant, W-brook, and Harden).... The thunder would want something else in return probably
34BigDaddyO::Lakers would improve at PG, but if they gave up Gason and Bynum they take away what advantage they have on the rest of the league. Having two solid big men usually works, since Duncan/Robinson any other combo like that have had success. Heat are going to be tough to beat this year, they are playing way too well right now. I agree the Thunder have the edge right now, but anything can happen.
doonmcv::I think the Thunder have the edge in the west right now but I don't think they could beat Miami in a best of 7 and if the Lakers get a good pg the Thunder would perhaps loose their edge in the west.
34BigDaddyO::Very true. That's why they are in a weird position. Let the Big 3 finish out their career with one more try at it, or just start clearing house. I think you have to let them try this year, and rebuild in free agency with all the cap space next year. Even though the big names are already signing extensions, Love, etc. The problem is they don't have much else to offer. I mean who wants Daniels or Pavlovic? haha
34BigDaddyO::If they are going to trade anybody on this team unfortunately it's going to be him. You aren't going to get anything for KG (probably in his last year) and his contract. Pierce is or should retire as a Celtic, (never know with Ainge). And Ray you could get a solid younger guy maybe. Depends on what the other team is ok with giving up. Rondo to the Lakers would be awful though. I've been saying all season Rondo and picks or a filler for Westbrook. Even if Westbrook shoots 20-25 times a night, some nights that's what they need when Pierce, Ray and KG are tired. Rondo is back with Perk, and Durant would like Rondo's style more than Westbrook for sure.
doonmcv::Ha, ha, you make a good  point there.  I'm not a Boston fan either but since you are, what do you think of the possibility of losing Rondo in a trade.  My worst nightmare would be for him to end up with the Lakers.
doonmcv::The words you just spoke are music to my ears.
oreed born again sox4life::why u even think, he'll and up as laker? lakers have nothing
34BigDaddyO::Well said. Nobody should write this kid off yet. I think him coming off the bench this year and letting him gain some experience is a good idea. He is already a top 20 PG, but doesn't mean he has to start. If Baron stays healthy, he can provide 20-25 decent minutes, and with Lin coming off the bench I think they will have something to go with their decent 6-9 players. With that being said, I'm a Celtics fan and I hope the NY coaching staff keeps starting him, where the team chemistry won't work with Lin, Anthony and Stoudemire and they will be a first round exit. :)
big1dunny::Lin had a great 2 week run where teams had no scouting report on him. Now teams know his weaknesses and they are on scouting reports. There is a reason he was cut so many times and rode the bench. It's because he has great explosive scoring skills but he's very erratic a turnover machine. He struggles going left and if you put him in certain positions you can exploit his bad decision making.
paul2285::Lin 8-1 w/out Melo Lin 2-3 with Melo
E. Jack Culate::saying things over and over on espn boards won't make your dreams come true
dred1495::Look at the last couple of games and what pg's are doing to him now.... hes gunna get killed everynight now after all that s-h-i-t. Hes gunna get exposed in a big way
dred1495::Wheres all that Linsanity crap now
E. Jack Culate::still around since you are still talking about it
ChimeraLycan::"Linsanity in the fourth quarter" - Lin had 1 FT, 1 layup, and 1 3-pointer for 6 points in the 4th - how is that Linsanity?
E. Jack Culate::that stat line might not be linsanity, but kate upton causes me to ejacul8
scappi65::I have one question for the Knicks coach why not put pressure on the inbound pass with only 18 sec left and Boston had no time outs. Even with a foul and the make the foul shots the Knicks are still up by one. However, they let Boston roll the ball up the court and that gave them a full 18 sec to set up the pay.
Thetruth972555::Foul Rondo, game over
oreed born again sox4life::paul bang a tough shot....if he miss you would be calling paul a choke artist and saying how we suck
yale203::Fact: Lin had a quality game yesterday against a very strong opposing point guard and team.
Dave6673::Except for the 6 turnovers and very few points down the stretch
jjsturtz::It's too bad that Rondo doesn't "get along" with the Doc, (Coach Glenn Rivers).  Rondo has put up some huge numbers in the past and a triple double (Points, Rebounds, and Assists) almost seems like just another game for Mr. Rondo.  I understand that age is catching up Boston and that Rondo might be an asset that allows you to get some talented young players to build around for the future.  My question is, how does a guy who put up one of the most fantastic triple doubles in NBA history, not thought of as a player to build around.  Doc isn't going to be coaching too much longer...there was a chance he wasn't going to coach this year already.  What happens next year if (this is a hypothetical) Duke's schedule doesn't correlate with the Celtics schedule, where Doc can watch Austin's games at Cameron, or around the country?  Maybe keep Rondo around for bit before you lose a guy who at 6'1" put up a line that only Magic and Wilt the Stilt did in the past because he's a special player to build around.  In a league that more and more is being built around point guards, why get rid of one of the best?  AND maybe, just maybe the Celtics next coach won't be someone who doesn't get along with guard who grabs 17 rebounds, dishes out 20 assists and scores 18 points.
oreed born again sox4life::danny would be out his mined thinking rondo is not good enough to built around new team next year ..first all rondo has more championship experiences more then the top guards in the league.. its dumb to gave him away for other talent &amp; draft picks ..danny needs to be patient.. he even admit trading perk was a big mistake.
KungFuJoe23::Lin is also a main reason why guys like Novak are doing much better now.
E. Jack Culate::he wasn't just talking about one game, you $@%!$@
Mrkobefan2417::baron davis had assisted most of novaks points
Thetruth972555::can't believe idiot/hater/racist ignored this fact:    Lin go on this 8 games records setting pace with the second units when Melo and Amar were out. The second unit play much better defense.
Thetruth972555::can't believe idiot/hater/racist ignored this fact:     "Boston led 94-89 with 3:35 left in the fourth quarter when Lin sank the second of two free throws, stole the ball and took it in for a layup and then hit a 3-pointer to cut the deficit to one point."   You know that the Knick were down by 15pts with B Davis. Lin help them back to 1pts. If not for the Pierce miracle 3s and Melo miss shot at the end. You can kiss Boston good bye in this freaking game.
oreed born again sox4life::his a fact for u..  knicks have not beat boston @ home since 2005;)..that's a  long a'zz time..smh
ThrustTheBigThree::Another reason NY hates Boston:  The Celtics completely exposed and undressed Lin last night for every one (the league) to see, no more Linsanity, Maybe a few flashes but that's it. Rondo completely dominated Lin. There was fear in Lin's eyes. He was like a deer in headlights going up against a true point guard. I don't want to sound racist, but Lin's eyes has never been that wide open at the sight of Rondo punkin him.  Lin was in utter disbelief watching Rondo do his thing all over the court.  Sorry my disillusioned  Knicks fans, Linsanity is over. The only reason he won't go to the D-League is because they are making too much money selling his jersey in China.
Thetruth972555::Lin does not play well on the road. He still a rookie getting use to new enviroment.
yale203::Prediction: Lin will light it up tomorrow against the Mavs just like he did last time. I predict a 30+ point game for Lin tomorrow.
Thetruth972555::He torch the great Laker defense for 38pts. I believe all-defense Marion were guarding him in the Mavs game. Anyway, the KNick second unit play much better defense. Hence, Lin record setting with the second unit when Melo and Amar were out.
yale203::Thrust: he is in top echelon of PGs in points, assists and steals for 48 mins.  9 of 14 games he has scored 20 or more.  11 of 14 games he has 7 or more assists.  Do you really really think that warrants a trip to the D League ?  Let's get serious here.
Trade the Hawks Front Office::No questions, but FYI 'proof' is a noun not a verb.... Genius.
E. Jack Culate::haters spew their hatred with no back up, and i say owned because i just proof haters wrong.  Anymore questions, genius?
Canwealljustgetalong::Why do you keep saying 'owned'? You are not owning anything, you are stating your opinion just like everyone else.
E. Jack Culate::lin against nets the first time: 10-19 fg, 25 points,5 rebounds, 7 assists, 2 steals lin against nets the second time: 7-18fg, 21 points, 7 rebounds, 9 assists, 4 steals  you know, all you had to do is press ctrl + T to open check his stats before you talk.  Owned.
E. Jack Culate::NBA, where mediocre players get to start
Mrkobefan2417::no he has been turnover prone the whole time but has been over shadowed cuz they were playing bad teams and how many did d will score against him in both games?
Mrkobefan2417::shut up u are irrelvant when you said you have to be good to start in the nba...u are ignorant and he didnt play good both times against d will....shut up
blueline__123_x::that puts him in the middle of the pack....that is shabby
E. Jack Culate::yeah let's get serious, how many shots did he take...well he shoots about 50% since he started getting minutes, so what's your point? how many good point guards did he play against?...well you have to be good to start in the nba, he played good against deron williams both times.  He played 2 bad games against two great defenses.
Trade the Hawks Front Office::Lin shot .375 against the celts, .389 against the nets, and .091 against the heat.  All teams with athletic PGs or LBJ. He's not upper echelon.
yale203::well his FG% is 12th in the league for point guards.  not too shabby.
Mrkobefan2417::Lets get serious here....how many shots did he take and what teams or good point guards did he play against and how many points did the person he was checking score on him....dont give me the lakers cuz they suck on the road and have a terrrible point guard and jason kidd is old...lets get serious then
Thetruth972555::Are the KNick down 15pts with B. Davis on the floor ?
oreed born again sox4life::Pierce always does this the knicks...you act like its his first clutch shot.   against the knicks
Thetruth972555::You know that the Knick were down by 15pts with B Davis. Lin help them back to 1pts. If not for the Pierce miracle and Melo miss shot. You can kiss Boston good bye in this freaking game.
Mrkobefan2417::no they wasnt baron davis was on the bench at the beginning of the third and thats when they took the lead...they came back when the bench  was in so dnt act like lin was the reason they came bac
oreed born again sox4life::i would've been embarrass as this point to have a lin jersey...dude is about to get bench;)
E. Jack Culate::yeah, let's bench a 21 pt 8 assist guy
Thetruth972555::can't believe idiot/hater/racist ignored this fact:    "Boston led 94-89 with 3:35 left in the fourth quarter when Lin sank the second of two free throws, stole the ball and took it in for a layup and then hit a 3-pointer to cut the deficit to one point."
Thetruth972555::Dont have NBA jersey. Basketball is a gay sport.
yale203::then why are you commenting on lin's game ?
oreed born again sox4life::i bet you purchase a lin jersey...trying to get your money worth, posting small highlights;)
aaron-rodgers-ballbag::i dont know if clueless is racist, but he might be the stupidest person on tv. fact
getmine73::ESPN set Lin up to fail. He was just placed in a system when the Knicks were facing bad teams. Faces to good defensive teams &amp; looked like a high school player.
doonmcv::Jethro P. Murdoch
E. Jack Culate::the heat game was bad, but give me the high school player that can drop 14-5-4 on rondo and the celtics
aaron-rodgers-ballbag::now that the knicks know that lin is not the answer, he is awful on d, his shooting is awful, i can see why he wasnt drafted, and was in d-league, and he couldnt make the warriors (who are awful).  teams figured him out, it should be time to go to davis, he is in good shape, and understand how to play, in 2 months lin will be forgotten. lin seems like a nice kid, but his b-ball skills are
yale203::saying stuff like "his shooting is awful" when only 5 PGs have more points per 48 minutes is just dumb.
E. Jack Culate::i didn't know shooting only consists of 3 pointers
Trade the Hawks Front Office::He is shooting .326 from outside this season.  His shooting is by no means stellar.
yale203::they beat dallas and the lakers.  two good teams.
E. Jack Culate::yeah ask the heat how much lakers suck
E. Jack Culate::to aaron rodgers ballbag:  awful on d - about 2.5 steals per game since he started. shooting is awful - shooting about 50% since he started can see why he was drafted - yeah you make a good GM, let's pass up a 21 point 8 assist a night guy D league - same reason he wasn't drafted - poor talent evaluation teams figured him out - no, seems like celtics and heat are the only two so far should go to davis - 15 minutes a game, shooting 29 percent and 2.6 turnovers a game, yeah "great shape"  You got owned.
Mrkobefan2417::lakers suck and neither team has young point guards
yale203::what are you talking about  ? he is in the top echelon of point guards for points per 48 minutes, steals per 48 minutes and assists per 48 minutes.  have you looked at the stat sheets ?
aaron-rodgers-ballbag::good point guards, and good teams have destroyed him. name 1 good team they beat since he has been starting, then name 1 good point guard he got the better of?
oreed born again sox4life::skip bayless say he would trade rondo because he can't shoot..smh....why eveyone wants rondo be a scoring guard for.?   he's a true pg that feeds on what his team needs
Cube93::Rondo made History on the Knicks and Bulls
Trade the Hawks Front Office::And then the heat beat them in 5 the next year.
Trade the Hawks Front Office::I agree that Rondo's game was monster, but Lebron's series against the bulls was pretty incredible.
big1dunny::Yeah this is true but Wade had to break Rondo's arm to do it lol But losing last year won't take away the fact that Rondo had one of the alltime greatest games in playoff history and Lebron quit and was never the same after that game lol
big1dunny::And Cavs don't forget how he made Lebron his BEYOTCH in the playoffs dropping 29pts 13assists 18rebounds and 2 steals on him. Rondo is a major reason why Lebron bolted from Cleveland that year in tears.
Big EL 42::Im going to say it, "Rondo is the most under appreciated impact player in the league."
big1dunny::Look at the resume: NBA Champion, 2X NBA Finals, 3X All Star, 3X All Defensive team, has lead the league in steals, currently leads the league in triple doubles and is second in assists. And despite all that he still got a gang of haters. lol
OzzyRomo::Good call bruh finally somebody put it out there thanks bruh
KungFuJoe23::Jeremy Lin is a victim of his own hype.  If there wasn't all this Linsanity going on, people would recognize that he's a good talent in the NBA, deserving of a starting spot right now.  Is he a GREAT player.  No.  He has a lot of holes in his game that he needs to work on, but he is a smart guy and a very hard worker with a LOT of upside.  There is no denying that he is clutch who can handle pressure and his knack for making the circus layup in traffic and while getting fouled is something you can't teach.  But, because of all the hype, people are going to focus on every single mistake and magnify it 100x.  Just leave him alone, let him play, let him make mistakes, let him learn, and let him get better.  More Jeremy Lin stories are only good for the NBA.  And you can't deny that he's fun to watch.
OzzyRomo::have u seen how he shoots the bro its q wreck he is gonna get blocked alot if keeps shooting behind his ear
yale203::the only point guards with more points per 48 minutes than Lin are Westbrook, Rose, Williams, Irving and Ellis.  So Lin is in pretty good company.
oreed born again sox4life::the more games he plays the more people realize he is not as good as people say he is, ...soon you will realize that too ... he'll soon lose his starting job. teams now know his weakness...
ManhattanHarlem::Lin is not a quality NBA starter at this point.  ESPN may want to make him that, but LIn is second string talent.  He belongs in the game but he's not good enough to hang with the good PGs yet.
yale203::and Lin's assists per 48 minutes and steals per 48 minutes are in the top echelon of point guards.  He definitely is a starter quality.  gotta drill down on the stats.
yale203::the only point guards with more points per 48 minutes than Lin are Westbrook, Rose, Williams, Irving and Ellis. So Lin is in pretty good company.
Trade the Hawks Front Office::OKC is considered one of the best teams in the west. The knicks are still struggling with making it past .500 for more than a day or two even after Melo got healthy.
KungFuJoe23::And before Lin came around, Westbrook had the most turnovers, yet people aren't saying HE sucks, are they?
oreed born again sox4life::everyone saying Westbrook playing the wrong position  ..he's no pg...
yale203::Trade the Hawks is right: he was the worst TOP48 of any player in basketball who has played 10 or more games.  Still, his strengths in other areas outweigh that negative and he will improve.  I note that Nash or Westbrook's  TOP48 ratio are not much better and does anyone question their strength's ?
Big EL 42::Lin's only knock is his TOs. Other than that, he definitely is starter in the league. I wouldnt dare right now utter he's in any top guard category though
Trade the Hawks Front Office::He has more turnovers per 48 minutes of anyone who has played over 20 games this year.
KungFuJoe23::So you're saying there are 30 better PGs in the game than Lin?
yale203::You will have to point out how his stats in his 14 games with minutes lead you to that conclusion.  Don't just make a statement.  Show me the stats.
JDoc311::How are more people on this board talking about Jeremy Lin, than Rajon Rondo?  Rondo, put up a beast game.  Lin's just a dude.
E. Jack Culate::because there are an abundant of haters
AVERYBRADLEYDSUP::Who had the better game yesterday Rajon Rondo or Deron Williams?  http://bostonsportsblog.net/2012/03/05/who-had-the-better-night-rondo-or-williams/
Cube93::Rondo hands down
Mballa1244::did Sam Cassel and Rajon Rondo both come from Mars?
KingchristopherII::cant wait to beat the lakers a.ss
romenaround::Glad u are in a Celtic, knick 140 thinking talking about my Lakers. By the way prob won't happen queenchris2. Go Lakers!
RaidersCelticsRedsox::in english pls? ^^^
BdevilFTW::This was such a frustrating game to watch. The Knicks just play careless for long stretches and don't take care of the basketball. If they had half as many turnovers as they had yesterday they would have won easily. Not trying to make an excuse, but this team has so much potential and they are wasting it.
KingchristopherII::they need a new coach
KingchristopherII::linsanity was cute but now its over hope the lin dick riders had fun .
yale203::20 or more points in 9 of 14 games; 7 or more assists in 11 of 14 games; 5 double-doubles in 14 games.  Linsanity is not over by a longshot mate.
Ronin_Noroshi::What's over exactly? Knicks still have a point guard. Two actually. If you got caught up in some other nonsense concerning that situation then you're an idiot. lol Cute?
KingchristopherII::im not a bandwagon fan like the whole knicks fans are paul pierce is the truth and the knicks lost
BdevilFTW::He actually played decent yesterday despite the 6 TO's when you consider that he was in foul trouble for most of the game.
BdevilFTW::what are you talking about, he had 1 point from the free throw line...?
KingchristopherII::okay he scored most of his pionts on free throws he was scared to go to the hole
eessspppnnn::what a loser to say this.
paduff::Despite Rondo's other-worldly night, the Celtics had to sink a clutch three pointer at the end of regulation just to stay in this game. If the Knicks keep progressing the way they've been doing so, they will cause trouble in the playoffs.
Big EL 42::IF the Knicks make the playoffs, they will get bounced 1st round. The top teams in the east will destroy the Knicks lineup.
KingchristopherII::playing the bulls are you crazy
TheKing234567::Sam cassell was the  ugliest nba player to ever live.
E. Jack Culate::gheorge muresean
Danica Helps Lin Move in with Tebow::Rajon Rondo is a great basketball player, but, damn he looks like a fu.cking alien.
KingchristopherII::puss.y as.s troll shut up
yale203::you checking out guys haircuts ?
KingchristopherII::lin haircut is so damn ugly
KingchristopherII::the knicks need a new coach
