milwaukeemonster::ok so we can beat the really crappy teams
LA_Fan_4_Life::I don't give a darn about either team (I actually have some hate for the Pistons), but it brungs a tear to my eye when I see the headline: "Free Throw Perfection."  The decline in FT percentage is emblematic of the problem with sports today.
jeolbutzor::The Pistons are so terrible it makes me want to cry.
twinstj2008::Nice win for the Bucks, but the one bad point that comes out of this game is the amount of minutes the starters had to play.  As everyone has said, Jon Leuer looked great...it is refreshing to see an NBA player that understands his role and does it well.  Bogut had a nice game as well and with Jennings and Jackson scoring pretty much at will we really do not need Bogut to put in 20 a game.  I do wish Skiles would use Tobias Harris a little more, he has a pretty good back to the basket post up game and give an edge to an otherwise pretty soft second team.
stuckinwisconsin::I know these two teams aren't the best teams...but did anyone see how empty that place was??? As a long time Piston fan, its been rough watching them these last few years. Bucks look promising though, good for them.
hughesn2::Agree 100% on the attendance. I live in MI and I remember going to at least 30 games during our five year span as a good team and have not gone to one game in the last three yrs (since I now go to MSU). We get at most 6,000 in attendance in the LARGEST stadium in the NBA (21,000)
impalergb::Leur us a beast plz smiles keep starting him it good vogues back at least a presence in middle
bhintage77::It makes you wonder why he fell to the Bucks.  This team drafts horribly.
badger972::Jon Leuer's 15P, 5A, 6R(4 or), 2B is great. Keep going!
Miller Park After Dark::scott skiles is the bo ryan of the nba.......jon luer will flourish.  and when the rest of the team grows tired of skile's yelling and defense orientated game, leuer will be saying "thank you sir may i have another."
Antsea91::Wow Jennings is becoming more and more efficient. 9-15 for 27 pts... great game.
stpsg::Does anyone know if this a league record for most free throws without miss in one game, both teams?
Gobblestones::yes, and um, reading comprehension ftw!
hughesn2::Can we please think about trading our entire team, except for Knight and Monroe. And we'll give them Dumars for FREE!
stuckinwisconsin::including Dumars in that deal is vital
KingGeorge53::I know Detroit lost, but Monroe and Knight....  O^O
Packers3821::In a pretty weak draft, how could Leuer slip to the middle of the second round? Steal of the draft for sure, i like him way more than the first round pick they got
Packers3821::Good game for Milwaukee, still undefeated at home! Hopefully they can make it back to the playoffs this year. Jackson's really starting to be the leader the Bucks need him to be, his last 2 games he's been great. First time I've been happy with the trade. Pistons may suck right now, but dang they're going to be good in the future. Knight looked good today, and Monroe? Wow what a beast. He's a future all star, if not this year next year for sure.
ksesch313::damn. GMo had a hell of a game.  knight played nicely too.  Prince and gordon are jokes and frank should just boycott playing either one of those uninspired losers.  if we even had average players in their place, knight would have at least 4 more assists per game.  ben gordon either chucks up a bad shot, or pump fakes on a good one and prince just pumps on everything and then fades away.  i honestly would rather see charlie v run around out there over maxiell and JJ at this point.  he could have put up their stats combined tonight with ease.  we need to accept that JJ is a bench player and not a starter.  i still cant believe joe didnt cut anyone and that he signed prince
Chi-Quette::Everyone knows the best basketball team in Milwaukee is Marquette.
champion_134::.
Pete Venkman::Leuer looks awesome! keep starting him
amerz331::Nice game Milwaukee. It's a damnn shame to see this sad sack of red white and blue night in night out.
Gt_jackets89::4-0 Home 0-6 Road.  Hey, if we keep this up, we could go undefeated at home and winless on the road and make the playoffs with a 500 record
Ross_GT::Another GT fan whose a bucks fan too?! That's crazy.
Edward4515::Just need to be consistent with the scoring, couldve won the bcats/kings game but they wento into a black hole &amp; lost. These last 2 games have shown much improvement.
Stacey Stewartz::Looking for sport picks that beat the bookies?....These guys have a proven track record and have made me plenty of $$$ including this game.  sportscapperhounds d o t com
Ashcroft10::Bogut had a poor game and the Bucks didn't lose amazing.
Edward4515::Bogut is a defensive player, dont expect him to go 20+ppg.
Membername.....::Bogut gave up 30+ to Greg Monroe.  Monroe is good, but not 30+ good.
d_bokk::he didn't have a poor game
seferson::wow what a cover, glad i stayed away from this one, what a cooler
Luclongley_MVP::Another pitiful performance by the Pistons.    Joe Dumars is the worst GM in the league now.    David Kahn gets a boost since Ricky Rubio turned out to be good.
Packers3821::Just be patient, Monroe and Knight are future stars.
DilyDodle::Adelman has a way of making GMs look good.
tarresque::The people that thought Ricky Rubio wouldn't be good were just stupid and never watched him play in the Olympics.  He's probably the best distribution point guard to enter the league in several years
afee222::how bout that dumb foul letting the bucks cover... nice
DetroitKoolAid::Vegas runs sports lol
yodaspeaks::^ amen.
DetroitKoolAid::well good game Bucks fans good luck on this tough stretch you got coming up
Gt_jackets89::Same to you, Knight and Monroe definitely appear to be on their way to solid careers, good game
bcksrckchad::When was the last time 2 NBA teams combined to shoot 100% from the the FT line?
Gt_jackets89::Every bucks vs whichever team shaq is on with shaq making a little less than half of the total lmao
DilyDodle::What do Pistons fans think of Detroit re-signing Prince? Worse than re-signing Stuckey?
Partnoy999::Stuckey had trade value and is never going to be the PG Detroit needs, so that was the worst signing of the year in the NBA. Not quite as bad as when Dumars signed Villanueva and Gordon, but still ridiculous. Tayshaun Prince has not improved his game one iota since his second year. He is lazy and extremely overrated, still living off his block of Reggie Miller's layup attempt and his harassment of Kobe in the playoffs 7 years ago. He's nothing, now. Joe D is without question the worst GM in the NBA. The NBA remains a terrible product, full of multi-millionaires sitting on the bench and just awful team play and things like Howard getting 39 FT's last night. The game is a shadow of its former self.
RipOnDetroitCityHaventHeardThat1B4::prince is worst, he hasn't played defense in 6 years, he has the worst jump shot i've ever seen, he air balled a wide open jumper late in the 4th when they cut it to 5 points. He is 6'10" and weighs 34 lbs. and is completely useless, a career 12.8 points per game and 4.6 rebounds, and we resigned him for 4 more useless years........stuckey has talent, pistons just don't know how to use it, they need to let stuckey just attack the rim and shoot, they need to tell him to forget about passing, if u remember his rookie year, he had no responsiblities as a PG because he wasn't playing point guard and he would always attack the rim and get 3 pt plays, he had 3 or 4 40 point games his rookie year...............Tayshaun is living off ONE BLOCK
Snyds27::brandon knight is sucha baller
DilyDodle::Detroit's rebuild confounds me. Stuck is OK, but he's a 2 guard on a team that needs a facilitator. Anyone think the Pistons will be able to shed any of their bad deals (Villanueva, Prince, Gordon, Stuckey) this year?
wne3000::^Agreed. Prince has atleast done something in this league and is still a solid defender. Watching Stuckey trying to play PG is torture.
RipOnDetroitCityHaventHeardThat1B4::solid defender???? he hasn't played defense in 6 years, did u see that wide open dunk stephen jackson had when tayshaun was "Defending" him. give me a break, i can't believe people think this bum is good
wne3000::Agreed, he is much better served as the 2, but he would still be a below average player. Prince is decent.
DetroitKoolAid::thats why stuckey should play the 2 guard, where he has proven to be of value...its not his fault the team put him at PG he gladly said he would play the 2
yodaspeaks::Pistons still need a pg.  Trade the house for Rondo.
yodaspeaks::Ask Ray Allen about playing with Rondo.  Rondo has personally added 2/3 seasons to Ray Allens career.
wne3000::Knight and his upside &gt; Rondo  Put Rondo on the Pistons and his stats wouldnt be pretty. Plus your PG has to be able to shoot in todays NBA.
Membername.....::I think Jerebko's issue is he hasn't played in the NBA in a year
DilyDodle::But Gordon is already the scapegoat for bad management.
yodaspeaks::I think Ben Gordon is the scapegoat for a poor passing team.
DilyDodle::Knight will be fine. Detroit really just has two studs, Knight and Monroe. Jerebko is a good glue guy in spite of his recent slump. The rest of the team... meh
yodaspeaks::He is a shoot first guard.  Nothing wrong with that.  but he is a better shooting, faster stuckey.  He isnt going to average 7+ assists.  He will average 20 points before the averages 7 assists.
Membername.....::Knight is 20 and has played 10 NBA games
DetroitKoolAid::knight is a rookie learning the game still, but even through his downfalls he still does more than Ben gordon
Pstnzballaz::He's a $@%!$@% rookie
Membername.....::Knight will be very good.  We should see big improvement shortly.
DetroitKoolAid::yoda thinks only Ben Gordon should be on the pistons lol
yodaspeaks::3 asts 5 tos in 35 mins?  2.7 asts/ gam?  He is not a pg.
Pstnzballaz::Brandon knight?
CornhuskerKid02::Prince at least you can say it was a "loyalty" signing
supreme91::i guess prince doesnt want to win
DetroitKoolAid::im fine with the stuckey signing, he led the team in scoring and assist last year. And has shown he can play the 2 guard pretty effectively but the prince signing perplexes me given the amount of money it was for
kizbeekidd::stuckey worst
Pstnzballaz::Ben gordon and Austin daye for a quality center to play next to monroe
Membername.....::Why would any team take such pathetic players?
wne3000::Nope. Only Joe.
hoofhearted30::Some GM will fall for 'You know Ben and Charlie won a national title together....they're chemistry goes way back'.
DetroitKoolAid::throw in Charlie V
supreme91::i wonder how many ppl will show up to a pistons wizards game lol
Hatchkelso808::I'll take wizards
DetroitKoolAid::what people?
Membername.....::Cut Ben Gordon!
Gt_jackets89::If they did cut him, knowing the Bucks, they'd probably view him as a "great contribution" to the team, sign him, and proceed to have a $@%!$@ season
CornhuskerKid02::Amnesty deadline passed they have to wait till next year
DetroitKoolAid::amnesty clause is still available, that would free up 11 million
Membername.....::He doesn't belong in the NBA....I could do better blind folded.
Hatchkelso808::This is battle of the scrubs
Gt_jackets89::The battle of a scrub and a team that can't keep leads on the road haha
packerbob74::We have to wait 4 weeks to see the top game?? Why not a eight team playoff and get rid of some bowl games!! Why should a 500 or losing team be awarded for not winning??? Just make the last 7 bowl games a playoff.... Imagine the money that would be made and we would finally have a true champ!!
kizbeekidd::did i switch story's?
Edward4515::Make your free throws!!
kizbeekidd::DETROIT PISTONS 2012 NBA LOTTO CHAMPS!!!!!!!!!
kizbeekidd::LOL THEY have a better chance being lotto champs than NBA champs so im rooting for it
Pstnzballaz::Even if they don't get it, that draft is loaded with talent
supreme91::wizards are...
wne3000::Probably not actually. If they get the worst record, like they should, theres a 75% chance they wont get it.
DetroitKoolAid::there's the spirit!
haris23::Is Monroe on roids?
Gt_jackets89::haha how would they help in basketball?
wne3000::Gordon playing more minutes and taking more shots than Knight (who was on), is pathetic coaching by Frank.
wne3000::^Probably Dumars forcing the issue, still stubborn. He needs to admit he was a terrible signing and bench him regardless of how much hes making.
wne3000::If there was ever a perfect situation to do so, it would be him. He only hurts the team, and is making an obscene amount of money for what little he offers.
DetroitKoolAid::im still holding out hope that he uses the amnesty clause on him
DetroitKoolAid::even stuckey played decent tonight, but Ben Gordon leads the teams in shots taken and Turnovers and frank still plays him so much
packerbob74::Lauer will be a very good pro!! Nice to see...
tarresque::What separates Leuer from a lot of other similar players in the league, is his hustle and ability to play good defense
brownchickenbrowncows::Badger represent.
Gt_jackets89::Hell yeah one of my two univs being represented well
DetroitKoolAid::well another successful night, Brandon Knight and Greg Monroe continue to get better and pistons move that much closer to the most ping pong balls in the draft lottery
Pstnzballaz::Exactly
Bala88::phew, they had me worried there for a second. Go Bucks!
Membername.....::What's up with the NBA not calling moving screens/ flat out holds?  I've seen it happen in multiple games....
yodaspeaks::Or traveling.  I love lebron but when he drives, jump stops and "pivots", he always moves his pivot foot.
Pstnzballaz::Look up on YouTube of some of his travels. Ridiculous
Hatchkelso808::Bucks has to be the worst team ever when they have the lead in the 4th
RipOnDetroitCityHaventHeardThat1B4::Nice WIDE OPEN AIRBALL Antoine Walker,..........oh wait, that's Tay$hit Princess
Hatchkelso808::Here comes another let down in the 4th by the home team
Mickeywit49::BUCKS, you guys are absolutely terrible
hoofhearted30::They're winning, and will....wait......you bet on them to beat the spread, they won't, so they're terrible....got it
buckspackers23::That man should be 80% of our offense.
I am in love with myself::Pistons will be the 8th seed in the playoffs this year
supreme91::lmaoooo
Bala88::Drama.....
pistons6684::Nice job taking the charge by Knight.
