rhuff1118::Bayless and Johnson are looking strong off the bench. Conley got a lot of well-deserved rest last night.
sean8567::a
sean8567::ok
sean8567::ok
TitanTown10::Looks like chris johnson is working out for us. I will say the grizz is getting more and more fans up here in nashville.
ToledoMan::Remember when everyone was trying to say the coach killer was one of the top 2 point guards in the league......
machinegunkelley80::I think Memphis found a diamond and a gem in the rough with wroten and Johnson. Also now jb gets to play his kind of ball the grizz will be scary. Only question I have is where will qpon fit. I'd say move him to the starting 2 spot but you just can't replace what Allen brings
nargash::So the Grizz trade their bench and starts scoring over 100 points? Ironic..!!
machinegunkelley80::Better energy off the bench with wroten.
NY_Julian::grizzlies won. it happens. Nets still own Knicks
nba is the worst::2-2 this season
65tarheel::nets will never own knicks. Get real.
machinegunkelley80::If Memphis trades gay they'd better get equal or better value. It's only a few sf in the game better than he is
Jumeax::Memphis needs to Trade The Gay away!
BootyLoaf::naw they just needa wash the gay out of em. thats what i did
MemphisTn7414::Agreed!!!
Soul_Sonic_Force_2::Memphis rulz
ambelgra::What's disturbing is how Memphis won so handily without big 3 point shoot AND without getting to the line. Meaning supreme efficiency from the field smh
UCFMiamiHeat::Lakers: LOVE T-wolves: Lopez Teletovic Nets: Howard Cry baby howard goes to Brooklyn. Lakers get their stretch 4 they need. Minnesota gets piece for when Love demands a trade.
SPGCPA::as a Nets fan...no thanks
Grindhouse2413::Griz Nation, we all agree we would prefer to play Steph Curry and his broken ankles and not the Denver Chicken Nuggets in the playoffs right? I know its early to talk about it but just saying we should be able to move past GS in the first round.
tigersfangoldandblue::I'd rather play Golden State, but I think it will be Denver. Either way, the most important thing is we are the No. 4 and not the No. 5.
Grindhouse2413::ugh, Denver gives us fits. I think the fourth is a lock if we maintain, maybe the third if the Floppers let us catch up
That_Guy_Chris::From the boxscore it looks like Lopez got owned by Gasol, did the game actually look like that?
doof54::Put it this way.  The Nets fans were saying that a center was the biggest allstar snub, and that he would come out with a chip on his shoulder and prove it by dominating tonight.  They were right... if they were talking about Marc, because he absolutely schooled Lopez.
MWaugTigerFan::Yeah Gasol stopped shooting the ball in the second have for some reason... could've had over 30 if he had tried.
Lordkrimson::For a half
Grindhouse2413::back to back games where it appears like the refs have it out for us and yet we still overcome a huge free throw disparity to get the W
SPGCPA::to be fair...the Grizz were playing mostly outside and hitting damn near everything they threw up towards the basket....not alot of opportunities for fouls to be called.
Grindhouse2413::We were 4 for 9 from the three point line. Nets were 3 for 17. Who was playing mostly outside? We had more paint points than you did yet were called for 10 more fouls? You think the refs were calling it fair on both sides? Come on. Doesnt matter because we are used to it and still won but come on.
Grindhouse2413::for most of the game we could not buy a call, frustrating but our offense overcame their bias
emthomasjr::I know. Whaddup with that?  Looked like for about 2 minutes in the 4th they actually called some fouls against the Nets, but I counted at least 4 fouls on shots that should have been 8 FTA's that simply were not called.
virdi17::8 FT for Grizz???
DatGuy8921::Thanks Memphis for keeping Jay Z quiet.
michael107117::I thought Wroten had the most raw talent and upside in the entire draft, once he develops he could be a mix of D-Will and Westbrook
jg181837::Is it against the law to call fouls on grizz opponents how are we the best front court in NBA but shoot the least amount of free throws
emthomasjr::122 points in the paint last 2 games, 18 FTA's. 60 vs. Lakers and 10 FTA's, 62 vs. the Nets and 8 FTA's.
Nash_Memph_ville::Are we going to keep Chris Johnson.. ? seems like he can hit a 3..
deathtofudge::Good to hear from Nashville Griz fans. I've been saying for a while that they need to advertise more up there to build their fan base and offer package deals for games with hotel/travel discount (gas gift card, shuttle, etc).
Grindhouse2413::thats a great idea death!
Grindhouse2413::I went to U of Memphis and I just cant get into college sports, any sports. I prefer watching professionals. Go Griz!
Nash_Memph_ville::sounds like hollins likes him based on the post game interview. http://www.nba.com/grizzlies/video/2013/01/25/130125VSBROOKLYNGASOLmp4-2365072/index.html#.UQNeWh1T-yU
emthomasjr::We definitely need to, and there is still no timetable for QPon's return.
Nash_Memph_ville::You know what I mean then.. We'll have to get Zbo on 3hL next time they have the "get a celebrity to call in thing." Tired of all the people here loving the vols for no reason other than the state name being on their jersey..
machinegunkelley80::They have a long history with the vols. Im weird because I don't follow college at all not even the u of m
machinegunkelley80::I live in Antioch but I'm from Frazier
Nash_Memph_ville::having too many players is never a bad thing.
machinegunkelley80::Playing time is. Just see someone being the odd man out. Imo it's jb
Nash_Memph_ville::I would say Q is bigger, probably better on Defense.. but, Johnson may be the better shooter.
machinegunkelley80::I'd like to see some q at the 2 and Johnson at the 3
Grindhouse2413::man I hope so, we lost Wayne and Q isnt back yet. KEEP CHRIS JOHNSON! He did more than just knock down quick threes too
machinegunkelley80::Think they will even though he might not get much burn behind q
Grindhouse2413::Looks like Marc took a page out of the rookie Wroten's aggression play book. Too bad he didnt do anything in the second half but then again, he wasnt needed too much either.
Grindhouse2413::Am I the only one that goes to the game and then comes home and watches the recorded game all over again?
deathtofudge::Like the idea about swapping a griz/preds game. I've been to a couple of preds games a long time ago and it was a lot of fun.
Grindhouse2413::I mean why not right? It would be awesome publicity and great for both cities. I would def make the drive to Nashville to watch the Griz and would pay to see the Preds if they played here. If they can go overseas and play in London for a few games, why cant they swap a city?
Nash_Memph_ville::Yeah, i've been here for almost 10 years now.... It really is an awesome city.. one of the few in the country that's been booming during the recession..  But, Memphis is still my home town.
Grindhouse2413::Memphis is my adopted city, I have no hometown (military family)
Nash_Memph_ville::Yeah man, they're fun to go to. Better than watching on TV. Both the Grizz and Preds could use more support throughout the state.
Grindhouse2413::Nashville is a great city. We go there once in a while. Lots to do and seems like a clean, safe city.
Nash_Memph_ville::I think we need to have a swap with the preds playing one game in Memphis and the Grizz playing one game in Nashville.. I'm tired of hearing about bad teams in Knoxville all the time here and Memphis getting no love.
Grindhouse2413::you know, honestly I have never been to a hockey game. I have always wanted to just havent made the attempt but hey go preds!
Nash_Memph_ville::I live in nashville now.. and I don't have DVR.. :(
Grindhouse2413::I understand. Dude, you have GOT to get a DVR. its not very expensive and it honestly changes the way you watch tv. its awesome!
Nash_Memph_ville::this lineup is reminding me of 2 years ago.. When we had guys that were contributing off the bench, and had a player that could actually play the PG role off the bench..   vasquez.. sam young.. etc... and, of course. DA being back!
deathtofudge::That was hard to watch but damn, what an incredible game that was. I remember leaving the forum that night and realizing that that was probably the deciding game in the series.
Grindhouse2413::What was the better series that year? Us as a 8th seed beating the 1 seeded SAS or us taking OKC to seven games in the semi finals?
Nash_Memph_ville::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HDPYmy42IQ  damn.. here are the higlights... vasquez was fouled like crazy ... should have been an and 1 for the game winner..
Nash_Memph_ville::You're right. it was OKC.. Still .. craziest game ever..
taurus1984::it was okc and yea that was awesome!!!
machinegunkelley80::To bad Vasquez had no d
machinegunkelley80::Thought that was okc
Nash_Memph_ville::yeah, but that one buzzer beater against... SA ... man.. that was the craziest game i've ever seen..
sportz279::Picksix is what I call a troll
sportz279::Ha. That was funny.
Nash_Memph_ville::he's what everyone calls a troll.. but, this is why he does it.. so he can get the attention online that he cannot get in real life..
Grindhouse2413::Had several moments during the game where I actually wanted to see the second unit in instead of the starters
sportz279::Hollins confused me tonight.
Grindhouse2413::no reason to have the starters in when we were up over 20
sportz279::Could Leuer play back up center?
JonesD75::Man! Give Wroten a couple of more years he will be damn good!
Grindhouse2413::All the kid needs is an outside shot and experience
picksix777::Leuer couldnt run a washing machine in the laundromat if ya gave him a quarter and told him what hole to put it in.
sportz279::picksix777 - Leuer couldnt run a washing machine in the laundromat if ya gave him a quarter and told him what hole to put it in.  You are almost as cool...you aren't cool
Grindhouse2413::Speaking of 3 ball. Man I cant wait for Q to come back. Our bench is going to be dangerous!!
Lugene Parker::He looks like he could do some spot minutes.  only time will tell.  I want to see him shoot the 3 ball and post up some.
Grindhouse2413::See, this is the result of a "good" East team facing a tough West team. Utter domination. Brooklyn, good luck in the East.
Grindhouse2413::Back home from the game. What a first half!! See what happens when Marc is aggressive and we feed the offense through him? TW playing like a beast and CJ knocking down the quick release three's! Man i wish JL had his his shot or his two free throws but I know he was just cold and nervous. Great energy in the Grindhouse tonight. Should be fun against NO on Sunday too
Grindhouse2413::If Marc had played like this for the season, no way he gets snubbed, Harden would have been bounced. Yeah, team playing with Swagger with a capital S. The wife has a crush on Bayless and I agree, he is doing way better at the 2 than having the pressue of creating for four other guys.
Nash_Memph_ville::team chemistry seems awesome right now.. it was frustrating watching bayless play the point, but he's doing great at the SG spot.
Lugene Parker::He plays better there.  I was glad the trade was going to force hollins to play wroten and move bayless over.  He's always played better off the ball.
Lugene Parker::We need Mark to get snubbed more often, LOL!
sportz279::I hope Leuer gets more minutes
1216austin::Going purely on what I saw tonight, I saw nothing that deserved more minutes
Grindhouse2413::oh come on, he played at the very end. lets see some more before you start making judgements
Grindhouse2413::Totally agree. Maybe LH's biggest fault is his lack of confidence in bench players and his misuse or nonuse of them
taurus1984::everyone just flag picksix
taurus1984::will do
Lugene Parker::I think he gets off if we flag him.  Just ignore him
Lugene Parker::Serious question.  How does one apply to be a troll!?!?  LOL @picksix77  Guys like him make my day! Tool for a hater!
taurus1984::flagged
machinegunkelley80::I hate trolls
Lugene Parker::Lol at cheeto dust!
Nash_Memph_ville::I always picture people like him being 30 years old, living in moms basement.. while accumulating cheeto dust in his keyboard..
machinegunkelley80::Tony qpon Johnson Darrell and haddi hmmmm
Grindhouse2413::No Bayless?
picksix777::Memfica coulnt even get a player on the AllStar team. They get a pity vote for ZBO and that is the best they can do.  Hey there was only one killed and 4 wounded in Little Africa today so all in all the fans may be able to escape the Forum with their lives.
machinegunkelley80::This ashhole actually liked his own post
Nash_Memph_ville::i know.. I don't know whether to laugh or feel sad for him..
Nash_Memph_ville::wow... you really revolve a lot of your life around the memphis grizzlies... Must be fun on a friday night for you... You popular guy , you.
Ontario925::You have a mental problem. Calling Memphis by the name Memfica? You are sick in the head.
Nash_Memph_ville::man.. this guys life just seems more and more sad with each post.. .
picksix777::Oh I get it now. I can be called a cracker, whitey, $@%!$, wonder bread, but NEVER EVER can I respond in like kind?  I lived in that hell hole for 45 years and there is no love in my heart for anything in that city. If you yoyos can come on here spouting your love then I can certainly express my opinion.
tmor311::Nets suck
Ontario925::Looks like another Knicks troll.
Nash_Memph_ville::I wonder if Wroten will get much play time in the rookie game.. I might actually watch now..
Ontario925::Who cares about the all star game snubs. I would much rather win the NBA Championship than play in any all star game or regular season games. Exhibition games are a pale replacement for any Championship Game in any Sport.
pedrobear1::Luer will rot and die on the bench
sportz279::He was under pressure...he never got a chance to be comfortable in the game
Lugene Parker::Lets hope not.  Although those 2 missed free throws were really disappointing.  The steal he got was nice though.
cjbrown4587::Seeing this score made my night lol. F the wannabe NY Nets
go cavs275::Thank you so much Memphis Grizzles, Speights and Ellington just helped our team come back from 20 down. Both are going to be very good players on the Cavs, especially Speights.
Grindhouse2413::Hope the founding members of Zoo Crew help the Cavs every game. Good luck CLE
Nash_Memph_ville::right, I meant to where he could actually get minutes.. I thought that was a given.. I supose I just made an $@% of U and ME
Nash_Memph_ville::you guys cleared a roster spot for Wroten.. Dude is a beast!
pedrobear1::he was already on the roster lol
go cavs275::You're welcome, lol and in looks like you guys haven't slowed down one bit so good trade for both teams.
pedrobear1::the trade forced Hollins to play wroten. Stubborn coach
machinegunkelley80::Y'all should've asked for wroten
Lugene Parker::Now I would have been pulling my hair out on that one!
go cavs275::Probably would've been too much to ask for.
pedrobear1::thanks for the cap relief
machinegunkelley80::Hmmmm where does qpon fit in with the bench
Lugene Parker::As long as Hollins runs more set plays for Q, he should be alright.
picksix777::Memfrica Grizz are your typical one and done team. They can beat the nobodies, get the ink in the press, but fold like a cheap shirt in the playoffs. Pera is gonna dismantle this team, get that crowd belong 14k, and move them to Oakland.  Roflmao at those that think this team is going anywhere in the playoffs.
picksix777::Good grief where does all this hate come from? I am ENTITLED to my opinion just as your fundio sniffers are.
taurus1984::where hes from he has nothing else to do  but troll other teams boards lol. poor kid
taurus1984::picksix pick ur toys up and go home....u are not wanted anymore
Nash_Memph_ville::if that's the case.. then why are you investing so much of your time being concerned about them?
taurus1984::picksix go to bed little boy. its way past ur bedtime. isnt that ur mom calling ur name???
picksix777::That might be your Mom calling me to bed.  Ignorant fools on here thinking this team is anything but a opretender. You Owecommie voters kill me with your posts. What color is the sky in your world?
picksix777::What is wrong with you people?  Does anyone HONESTLY think the Memfros are gonna win the NBA Championship?  Give me a break!!  If ya really wanna be a fan head on down to Mempho, and I hope ya have a concealed carry permit to survive in that war zone.
Lugene Parker::Sorry guy! Your an ignorant troll if you think the Grizz are getting moved. ROFLMAO at you!
Nash_Memph_ville::^ sad little troll! lol
machinegunkelley80::Die from AIDS
Ontario925::I'm not even a Grizzlies fan but that is a completely ignorant comment to call Memphis that.
machinegunkelley80::You sir are dumb.
picksix777::Now that wasnt nice at all. AIDS is a DemocRAT disease among the perverts. Deal with it.
Lugene Parker::Wow, hatred yes!
karelp::Are the Nets pouting because they had no All-Stars, or are they just not as good as has been said?
phunky58::broooks gets no mins, ridiculous
cjbrown4587::Both.
manglerrr::Move the Grizzlies back to Vancouver where they belong!
taurus1984::go to bed manglerrr......u guys will NEVER get another nba team. DEAL WITH IT!!!!
manglerrr::I love my hockey but want my nba team back.. it was a Canadian who invented it after all
manglerrr::Because maybe 99% of grizzly population is in British Columbia .. lol
Nash_Memph_ville::who cares... It's never mattered in the history of the league..  Doesn't matter now.. You guys have hockey.. enjoy that.
Nash_Memph_ville::there have been tons of teams that have moved and kept the original name. ... the LAKERS... from MN, the land of "1,000 lakes".... the jazz that moved from New Orleans... where jazz was born...  lol.. learn your history before you spout off at the mouth.. smh..
Nash_Memph_ville::how is that a check mate?
Nash_Memph_ville::Well, last time I checked: there are no lakes in LA. No bulls in Chicago. No jazz in utah... I could go on..
manglerrr::Vancouver Grizzlies check and mate
pedrobear1::NO
manglerrr::Last time I looked Memphis doesnt have any grizzly bear population.. at least change ur guys name to memphis black bears lol
knicks_112ndcoming::bababababa wheres the all stars from the broooklyn nets??
Nash_Memph_ville::I think wroten is my 2nd fav player on this team, next to TA. can't shoot from outside, but he can handle the ball. And, at 6'6" he's big for a PG, seems to hustle and play great D. Also attacks the rim..
cyborgi312::Deron Williams likes big co ck
GoTigers2015::Wow, our offense is being dare I say "good"? Marc shooting 15 shots? That's crazy, maybe he felt he needed to get back at the All-star reserves, but I want him to play that aggressively all season. Tony Wroten continues to impress and our defense is as good as ever.
Lugene Parker::Yeah. we will deff see if this holds up.  But I'm loving the bench production now.  Hopefully we can keep it up.
Lugene Parker::I got to squeeze in some more time off so me and my wife can catch some more games!  She's having a relapse, LOL!
pedrobear1::yeah but i will enjoy it lol
pedrobear1::2 games and both teams were bad defensively. This 3 game stretch will say a lot
Lugene Parker::If chris johnson keeps his production up. I see Q's attempts from 3 slip a little.  But I dont think he struggles to fit in.  IMO I think Hollins needs to start running more set plays for Q like he does for DA.
pedrobear1::hopefully q fits in
Lugene Parker::Man, it was nasty.
Ontario925::The Bulls,Heat,and Spurs are still going to give the Nets big trouble. This is basically the same Nets team when Avery Johnson coached them against those 3 teams. Fast guard player teams still kill this Nets team. We have seen it in Atlanta a week ago and in Memphis tonight
The_JTrain_3000::it's not a problem with fast guards.... ur just an idiot
