BigEazy_BigDance::ESPN is sending undercover reporters to Miami so they can trick LeBron James with a few questions so they can over blow it. This netowkr really sucks in terms of covering the NBA. The Spurs win 11 straight and it goes under the radar...I can just imagine if this was the Knicks and Lin winning 11 straight...There would be a "Top 10 Knicks Streak in NBA history" segment
threetimechamp210::Espn does a bad job covering the NBA and breaking down wins a loses. They make it seem boring and aren't as educated with x's and o's like the guys over at TNT who do a great job talking basketball. Espn tries to "cover" all sports and they have a limited window so they go after the easiest things to talk about like the Lin or Kobe smack talk. You have to understand that we go to Espn for sports news but they only give you exciting plays from major media markets. Remember when they hyped Ricky Rubio for a month, now they dont want anything to do with the Timberwolves. They do an amazing job covering the NFL but they really do suck covering the NBA!
bmwM3dct::So I came here to vent, but everybody is saying the same thing.  Unless you are checking the scores yourself each day, very little publicity about the Spurs rattling off 11 in a row, without arguably their best player!  WTF ESPN.  We've heard enough about Lin....stop riding his jock like you did Tebow all season.  All you are going to do is over hype the guy.  Sure, good story, but how can Lin possibly live up to the expectation now?  But enough about him.  Screw it, keep talking about the Lakers and Knicks and Clippers and Heat if that's what people want to hear about.  For us Spurs fans, we'll support our team even if you guys continue to snub them.
playinaround2::Road keeps getting tougher, Spurs keep losing weapons, Spurs keep winning. Each game tougher than the last for a while here yet, though.
nba is the worst::Ref help for my Spurs?  Now THAT'S rare!  However, I'll take it - <b>GO SPURS!!!</b>
Rudy_rush20::It seems espn is going all out to snubb the spurs this year. They want to talk about how good the clippers are but can't becuse they look stupid with San Antonio tearing up the league.....again. Just like last year when Lebron join the heat. They wished the heat did better then the spurs so they can talk about how awesome they are, but couldnt. Cause the spurs were dominated again. Espn is just full of nut riders thats what they get paid to do. Same story about the spurs if you can find it....spurs wont go away.....what else is new.
Rudy_rush20::That sux man. I think when horford went down they thought why bother. Maybe they thought the same with manu. I keep thinking if they keep winning there put something up here worth reading. Espn sux. Ive read one good story. And its not even on the home page anymore. It was there for less than a day. Right now it on spurs.com call spurs quiet rampage. Thank you Spurs for being the best classiest most consistent sports francise in history ( my opinion) all of use in San Antonio can't wait till you come home from the rodeo road trip. Ill be in the stands when yall get back. Go Spurs Go !!! Espn can suckle my left nut.
playinaround2::Same story about ESPN and the Spurs. I swear Pop ran over their dogs. All of them. Anyway, could be worse. Try to find anything positive about the Hawks, ever. Of course, in that case it's sort of understandable.
Mauro0881::Spurs win 11 in a row and all ESPN wants to talk about is the lakers :( how sad
fred3609::No Manu,    No Splitter,   No,TJ Ford   No problem.    GO SPURS GO!!!!!
playinaround2::The player Spurs fans love to hate continues to lead the team in +/- and +/- per minute.
nba is the worst::What's the difference?
nba is the worst::Hard to believe you could type this with a straight face:  Bonner is Beasting!
Goldfinger5887::What is going on with San Antonio, don't they have a lot of old players and supposed to be bad??!!
playinaround2::Urban legends. They have a lot of smart young players who accept playing roles in Pop's schemes.
anonymous_sports_watcher::SPURS
ilove50yearoldwomen::2012 western conference finals, 1.spurs v.s 4.mavericks.... bet it
arsenal1470::SPURS
ilove50yearoldwomen::and btw, kobe bryant needs to shut his smart $@%! mouth about everything, hes getting paid millions... he needs to shut his bitchh $@% up/
ilove50yearoldwomen::its all about the knicks, its all about the heat, its all about L.A..... some people need to take a look at these spurs, mavericks, and thunder.... fuckk the NBA
Travis Berger::since the sixers won't win it all, I'd like to see the spurs, anyone but the heat
Luvs_2_Spooge::Every game I hate Devin Harris more and more. I mean COME ON MAN!! It's like he thinks he's still wearing a nets jersey. Jazz REALLY need to get rid of him.
crystakke::Parker has just been incredible. Mostly impressed with his sense of the game. He knows now exactly when to look to score more. When he fills the game might get out of reach he just puts up a double digit scoring quarter. He's mostly done it in 4th quarters during this streak, but today he did in the 2nd when the Jazz were starting to pull away. I'd take Parker over any PG in the league today and it be a toss up between him and D.Rose. Maybe with D. Will too. I think he'd play every game like he did against the Knicks tonight if he'd have a team like the Spurs around him. But Parker's loyalty and dedication to his team and franchise have never been in question. Not like other big name PG's. That's why I'd take over any other.
alaingruen::I agree, he is running the team better than ever, and quite honestly, better than I ever thought he could.
vonsteve1668::Got to hand it to the Spurs. Every year, I think they're going to fade badly, and every year they're near the top. Impressive.
joeh4384::Even if they havent had playoff success recently, it is still impressive for them to play at a high level for so long.
CandySparker::T-Park
kjb1108::After Portland, Spurs face a tough Denver to finish a great 1st half. Im interested to see how well they'll do against the Bulls, but then it gets easier. Most likely Pops will rest at the very least Tim for this stretch.
eddietheaggie2010::That team from South Texas keeps on rolling!  GO SPURS GO!!!
anonymous_sports_watcher::since '98 '99  Lakers: 5 Spurs: 4 Pistons: 1 Celtics: 1 Heat:1 Mavs :1
Spurs4life93::*61 get your facts straight lol
disguyman::Spurs won 60 games last year.... they ran out of gas.  Even though they rested Duncan alot this year, Ginobli is still getting injured off and on.  Spurs vs Rockets first round, would be an awesome matchup.
HOUSTON12372::spurs 2012 nba champions, GUARANTEE
gil35tx::Don't jinx it!!
mondoa1a::I'm a Spurs fan and I'll admit that we're the best team in the nba, GO SPURS GO!!!!!
vonsteve1668::That's big of you to admit.
SwiftyClown::Tony has been playing straight crazy!   No Tony....no chance.
kjb1108::Im glad that Jason Kidd got a ring with Dallas, but remember when the Spurs (especially Timmy) courted him? Where would the Spurs be w/o Tony? Top3 MVP candidates easy!
SpursPacmanDonaire::Good nite folks! GO SPURS GO! Wohooo!  Good luck Spurs and get some rest againts what could be a rested Portland tomorrow.
Spurs4life93::they played a late game last night too
SpursPacmanDonaire::I live in Houston so if you want to watch the spurs online with no bugs go here www.hahasports.com and then click basketball However tonight it wasn't working
trademarkIT::I need to watch the Spurs but I only get bobcats games where I live...guess i'll have to wait for the game against the bulls
Rudy_rush20::If you have a android phone get these two apps.Sports tv, Sports TV plus. There both free and you can watch any game from anywhere. Swear to god. IM in love with theses apps and I never miss a game when in at work
crystakke::If you're a dedicated fan, buy League Pass. I live in Romania and still plunked 140$ for LP to watch my Spurs. At 5AM. You live in America and cant put up 150 or 180$, whatever it is, to watch the games?? Then don't complain if you miss the games.
mondoa1a::lol at least you get to see Jordan own
kjb1108::Im sorry you have to suffer
GMEN2012Champs::GO SPURS GO!!!!!
kjb1108::ESPN will continue to not give the Spurs props. They're frontrunners. Always have always will be. The only one who gives them respect is Skip. Nothing new. That being said, Pop is COY again (got robbed with Thib winning last year), AND they're doing this w/o arguably their best player. This team only has OKC to "worry" about (Lakers....lol!).  When the Spurs face the Heat in the Finals and record substandard ratings, will anyone who knows basketball care? No!
dallas_214texas::not so fast in the west i think its about 4 to 5 diff teams that can come out the west deep
FrankPistachio211::$kip Bayle$$ only pretends to support the Spurs because it draws ire against him, which brings in more ratings. He's a phony.
timetodienow123::I like Skip sometimes but his Lebron hate kinda gets annoying. I'm a Spurs fan and don't necessarily like Lebron, but I actually respect his game.
anonymous_sports_watcher::4 rings and no love
SpursPacmanDonaire::Yeap no one will care
mikeg0291::And LA will go ham on us tomorrow..............but he's always played monster against us, as well as the rest of the NBA lol
mikeg0291::And also i was impressed with what James Anderson did with his minutes tonite
Rudy_rush20::I was thinking the same thing. He a real professional. Glad to have him.
SpursPacmanDonaire::I think the Kid confident is comming back.
dallas_214texas::just came to this board to give respect to the hot!!! spurs as a mavs fan i respect the spurs 100%
EazyZee::Always good to see a classy mavs fan..
dallas_214texas::hey i was just thinking i know the mavs only got 1 ring spurs got plenty but the playoff history withs those to teams are probibly the most with any state with 2or 3  teams.... this years playoffs is going to be epic the west looks good spurs ,thunder la both teams mavs
meloncabron::Gotta admit that as much as I dislike the Mavs when the Spurs play them, it's a GREAT rivalry and the best in the NBA, which is of course mostly underappreciated.  Plus, was REAL happy the Mavs beat the Heat of course.
anonymous_sports_watcher::Texas &gt; the rest of the world
GMEN2012Champs::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EbVKWCpNFhY
SpursPacmanDonaire::Portland tomorrow, hopefully Timmy is little fresh after that 30 plus minutes
meloncabron::Going to need to be against Aldridge...especially if the Lakers continue blowing the Blazers out and Aldridge rests up. They'll be pissed and want to come out at home with a much better game.
Travis Berger::would you want C Anthony on your team??
Rudy_rush20::Negative.
Travis Berger::me neither
Travis Berger::me neither
Travis Berger::me neither
GMEN2012Champs::Hell no.
Travis Berger::would you want C Anthony on your team??
spursadam7::Screw Melo! Hell no!
GMEN2012Champs::No.
timetodienow123::Who is the most frustrating Spur?  Mine is RJ(I'm glad they didn't amnesty him but he's not been worth what we paid for him). Maybe I'm just comparing him to Bowen, but he's just not as good as what I thought he'd be.
TexasBoi98::RJ is much better, but its overshadowed by an overall deeper team. we dont need as much production from him like we did in years past, but hes hit some big shots this year and looks comfortable out there.
mondoa1a::blair pisses me off alot but he makes up for it
TexasBoi98::he loves doing spin moves in the paint, but gets outta control a lot
SpursPacmanDonaire::Agree makes Pop head blow up because on close games its important
trademarkIT::no one right now
meloncabron::Yeah, but not as much as originally when he got here. Now, he tends to fit his game more into the Spurs system. He's definitely not worth the contract, but still contributes at key points (like tonight).
SpursPacmanDonaire::yes
SpursPacmanDonaire::Tonight,  I would say Green. For the Season I would say Blair but very small
Matt107313::he's way better this year at least....
mikeg0291::he came thru tonite lol......but i have to agree
SpursPacmanDonaire::Neal is c razy ha? wow love the boy killer instinct
Travis Berger::since the sixers won't win it all, I'd like to see the spurs, anyone but the heat
Travis Berger::since the sixers won't win it all, I'd like to see the spurs, anyone but the heat
meloncabron::Even TNT just reported on the Spurs/Utah game and got it wrong!  Said it was the 10th straight win. Amazing.
SpursPacmanDonaire::for real? wow
dallas_214texas::they said 11 wth are you talking about...?
meloncabron::At the bottom of the screen it said "10th straight win"  Maybe they said it, I didn't hear that, just saw the graphic.
anonymous_sports_watcher::"I  could have been an Olympic swimmer...but instead I chose to dominate the game of basketball"  - Tim Duncan
trademarkIT::hugo sucked i was a baby when it tore through south carolina...parents said it was crazy
GMEN2012Champs::If not for Hurricane Hugo, who knows what would have happened???
Frantismo::Yea, I still can't get over the fact that Gary Neal's game tying three didn't even crack SC Top Ten!!! I'm over it though, I still take wins over highlights...
GMEN2012Champs::Yup...just win, baby!!!
minick_man83::ESPN seriously needs to start talking about the year Parker is having. He started out slow but has been carrying the team during this 11 game streak
minick_man83::I know the Spurs are winning as a team but Parker is the catalyst
SpursPacmanDonaire::Did Parker move ahead of CP3 on ESPN MVP race?
Rudy_rush20::Nope. Espn is still nut riding L.A.
GMEN2012Champs::NBA Finals: Spurs over Heat in 6.  LeBron goes, "Crap...not these guys again..."
Travis Berger::what is the news on Ginobli injury
mikeg0291::out 2 weeks
meloncabron::Not bad, really.  But I'm considering requesting that Pop put Ginobili in a bubble before he hits the court.
SpursPacmanDonaire::2 weeks
Travis Berger::what is the news on Ginobli injury
TexasBoi98::out two weeks.. same with splitter
SpursPacmanDonaire::I am very happy with my SPURS, they got grade A from NBA.com. The  Team have learn how to win on the road.  Time to get healthy boys! Thank God for All Star Break. Parker don't work too hard on the All Star events. lol
