Julie Price::I wonder if the Nets will fire Kidd as quickly as they fired Avery Johnson...especially since expectations are even higher than last season.
Chad Wiggins::if i want to refer to someone, lets say one person out of a group of five, and four of the five are white. and one is black. i chose to say african american last night, to solely strive to indicate who i was speaking of, and u had a snide comment back my way, saying "what didnt saying african american accomplish" from me to you, id like to know what u would have me say there... what would u consider politically correct.... im thinking the way u jumped on me, surely u must be getting a paycheck for patrolling the espn game threads. so i just want to know what u would have me say...the funny thing is, i thought saying african american was the most appropriate thing i could say....
Chad Wiggins::did not didn't
Julie Price::What...are....you. ..talking....about?
Matthew Stone::What the hell is wrong with Brooklyn, My goodness. I was rooting for PP and Kg to really elevate this team. It's kind of sad really.
Dave Galehouse::Aside of Joe Johnson being their best player?
Andrew Jackson::Joe Johnson is quite easily the most overrated/inconsistent NBA player in the last 10-15 years.
Shawn Bento::Say what you want about him, but he's still quite easily one of the most clutch players in the NBA even today.
Michael Turner::KG is beyond washed up. Holy mother of God this guy needs to retire TONIGHT. There is no way he will make it to April.
Dave Galehouse::I said that in 2010 when pau gasol outrebounded him 18 to 3 in the Nba finals in game 7
Tony De Lorenzi::Nets got fleeced out of their draft picks by the C's for three washed up has beens!
Keena Kaur::Yes, and many Celtics fans are still crucifying Ainge for that trade.  I think he was brilliant.  Might not show in the standings now but in a few years it sure will.
Brent Carroll::whats wrong with Brooklyn they are suppose to be great
Adam Rodriguez::Lol who knows......
Sonny's Upholstery::Unproven coach!
Tom Totosz::If Bledsoe plays like he has half a brain from 5mins left in the 4th they win by 10. Stupid shot after stupid shot and senseless turnovers. Hes a great athlete but very selfish.
Eric Evans::Ur an Idiot whit trash moron Beldsoe had nothing to do with the loss moron.  Ur jus jealous Frye is the reason the Suns lost the game god hater have no clue
Tom Totosz::I might be your dad because you sound like a white trash scumbag. Bledsoe played hard but took silly shots down the stretch and had a few turnovers that cost them big time.
Eric Evans::Tom Totosz  wow u have no clue about basketball the Suns would be nothing w/o Bledsoe is he ur crush or something.  Are u sad cause he is not on Portland BTW why are u on a Suns site go back to the Blazer page and enjoy their Bs u hater .  U have no clue the guy had 15, 7 and 2 steals and 2 Turnovers do u even know what ur posting about lol
Agatha Greentooth::I don't believe for one minute that Markieef is a real person. He's just Marcus Morris wearing a different jersey.
Chad Wiggins::lol
Chad Wiggins::picking up two paychecks....
Agatha Greentooth::Chad Wiggins "Markieff" isn't a real name. He should have at least come up with a real name.
Tom Totosz::When you let Brook Lopez own your team.....It might be time to start thinking about tanking.
Colin Uza::Paul Pierce, Joe Johnson, Deron Williams, and Kevin Garnett are just a waste of salary.  It is clear that KG is not an NBA calibre starter any more, and Paul Pierce is now an average guard who was once great.  Deron Williams and Joe Johnson are not close to being worth max contracts as well.  Meanwhile those four players are eating up $67 million in salary and aren't making any meaningful impact.  It is time for the Nets to blow up this team and spend their money on better players, because they clearly have a team full of overpaid and mediocre players.  The fact that your best player (Lopez) is fourth in salary earned means that you have problems as a team.
Eric Evans::Brook Lopez is better than any Trail blazer
Eric Evans::Tom u are the biggest moron on da planet he is the only player they have now Garrnet is done Johnson Is done, Pierce is done every NBA team has one player that can ball.  An Lopez is the best offensive big man in the league maybe u should get a hair cut and buy urself a clue cause ur too dumb to be commenting on a sports site. Wow can u believe this guy
Brent B Jacoby::brooklin will be a repeat of the lakers last year. lots of injuries and sucking
Tom Merigan::there goes williams to the locker room...over for brooklyn
Ben Black::Bloodsoe Licked his chops after he heard the nets would come to town.
Gejsi Marku::How about Kidd? Should he be coaching all the way through the season?
Michael Maiorano::nets might not score 75 tonite..joe johnson is worthless
Matthew Stone::Kg is ancient, what's joe johnson's excuse.
Hans Christian Zambales::back2back loss from wide open layups. </3
Remington Brown::4-0 at home vs 0-4 away, ima go with the home team
Michael Maiorano::Nets are just awful.
Christopher Vargas::Brooklyn nets
Colin Uza::There is no way the Nets will make it out of the first round of the playoffs.  I'm not even sure they will even make the playoffs, but the bottom half of the East is terrible so it may be doable.  Also, it looks like it may be time for KG to call it a career. It is clear that he isn't an NBA calibre starter any more, and I doubt he is the type of player/personality to take a bench role.  All in all, this was the most overhyped team I have ever seen entering an NBA season.
Brandon Tigues::lol wow terrible transition defense by phx, what the hell were they doing? they just stood there and let joe johnson take it from coast to coast with  one guy back? and he didn't even attempt to draw a charge or foul.
Ronnie Duke::lololololololololol phoenix is WASTE. how do you give the brooklyn rest home farts a 19-4 run? in your own backyard? lolololololololololol
Tom Totosz::Phoenix just pooped down there leg. They've been overachieving since day 1 of this season. It's about time they faltered.
Jay Smith::I wonder if the three good road performances against decent teams that all resulted in losses has deflated them.
Thea Paps::I'm amazed the Nets are actually in this game. After the first few minutes I was ready for another 20-point beatdown.
Eric Evans::Why is Channing Frye in at the end of the game thats 2 games he has cost them Horny pls wake up the guy is not a crunch time player period
