TexasLonghorns247::rondoooooooo
Bernie-I-beat-Novak-Tomic::rondo sucks.  So overrated.
Jimmy30313::Stats dont lie
Road dog Red::Has anyone noticed NO TEAM is making a run for Rondo.. hurt or NOT.. of course I have... lol
INTERSTATE_20GA::Can't trade hurt players, genius
Road dog Red::Look at all these coka-a-roaches making a run for KG of PP.. i thought i heardja say they were 'too old'.. now yer drooling at the prospect of one of them on yer crappy teams... IDIOTS
jc_call::al jefferson for rondo anyone?  we will even throw in raja bell.
Road dog Red::Lets make a DEAL
xo_da_legend::Garnett &amp; Barbosa for Westbrook
Antsea91::Lol vinny da negro is an awful coach
Road dog Red::Faker fans luv to hate on the Clips
mkwan0::Clippers are not true contenders.
ikramerica::Yep, as I've said before, the key to beating LAC is to take out CP3.  "Sweep the leg!"
Road dog Red::w/o Paul... with Paul they ARE,,, face it
Road dog Red::Super Bowl should be a holiday... and Monday should the day off for it... Recovering from it is a BizzzzzNitch
Road dog Red::I am SO tired of all this whining over Rhonda... face it.. they are a BETTER team without him
Road dog Red::Jason Collins for Celtics MVP...
Road dog Red::Celtics
INTERSTATE_20GA::SUCK
stop the duck8::boston is the best team in the east now that rondo is gone
Pete Carroll likes to Dance::the reason we are playing better without Rondo is not Rondo's fault, its Doc's fault...  Rondo would be unbelievable in this system... barbosa, terry, lee, bradley, and Rondo running like crazy men all over the court the entire game would be unstoppable for defenses...  then green/pierce - good go to scorers in a slow-set- with the occasional complete posterization of an opponent by Green for good measure   finally KG, Sully, bass, Wilcox... some attitude down low (with 3 of those 4 able to hit the outside shot)....  wish Doc saw this earlier when these guys (rondo/sully) weren't injured...
shakk88::Clipper Nation must be  in in disbelief this morning!  Don't worry big bro will handle this stiffs for you in a couple of days!
Jimmy30313::Clipper nation is laker nation gone bandwagon
tmoneyinmphs::And vinny del negro is clueless.  Anything the Slippers accomplish is despite him.
tmoneyinmphs::Chris paul better return fast or the Slippers will fall even more in the playoff positioning.  Blake griffin can't take over, because he is not as effective if you keep him from dunking.
Alabamian666::Celtics finally see that they are better without Rondo, the man who couldn't shoot straight. Now they can rebuild this team and get a guard who can score and not be such a whiner and detriment in the locker room.
_I Am A Celtic_::Stop making things up
Shawn1807::I think we can stop talking about the Clippers as a contender.
_I Am A Celtic_::I think you're rather stupid for saying that
_I Am A Celtic_::"I’ll tell you the truth, I didn't even know we won four in a row. I just know that we have been moving the basketball, playing as hard as crap, playing together since we lost two big guys (Rajon Rondo, Jared Sullinger). So thank you for the information." - KG
jrtall3n7::never count Boston out!
lakers2013champszszs::chris paul was having an mvp season, i have a feeling this injury screwed him over with winning mvp
shakk88::He wouldn't win MVP as long as LBJ and KD have something to say about it.  They are the best in the game at the moment
BootyLoaf.::KD and LeBron stil over him anyway
mrFEEZY::nice work JET, glad to see him get things going again. #mffl
LeBron is my Grandson -Greg Oden::We dont even need Rondo.  -Celtics fans right now.  Damn, we would have beaten them with Rondo.  -Celtics fans after the first round exit.
_I Am A Celtic_::So true but that statement wouldn't be completely ridiculous considering the level of play Rondo takes his game to during the playoffs
_KingKoopa_::I know they won, but is Avery Bradley the most overrated player in the league? He SUCKS. Yeah, he is decent at on ball defense, but he is no threat offensively. These wins are killing the C's. They need to blow it up.  Trade Bradley, Green, Pierce and a #1 to Minny for Love. Trade KG to the Rockets for Parsons Trade Parsons,Terry and a Pick to Chicago for Noah. Trade a cap kicker to someone for 1-3 scrubs with expiring contracts.  Start building.
Alabamian666::Bath salt alert...someone here is carrying.
17-Celtics-18::so your saying send 6 guys and 2 picks for 3 guys. smart way to get rid of your bench
_KingKoopa_::Then sign Beasley or something in the FA market next year. Then your 2013-14 lineup is something like:  C- Noah PF- Love SF- Beasley SG- Draft Pick/Barbosa PG- Rondo
iHeHateMe::Clearly he is high off bath salts
Jdzspace::are you intoxicated?
WMU_Bronco95::clippers are a horible away team
CrabtreeWasHeld::* &lt;---- next to the Super Bowl
HectorPablo.Ortiz@gmail.com::Clippers are completely useless without Paul.
Marvo6564::clippers suck great team with cp3 mediocre at best without him
Marvo6564::havent heard clippers fans for a long time now......shut up
shakk88::The Clipper fans are in the witness protection program until CP3 comes back from injury
Ron-Burgundy-Stay-Classy-3::They have fans lol
Ray Used A Weapon::CELTICS
NUPE...NUPE...NUPE::Trade rumors. Garnett for Caron &amp; Bledsoe.
shakk88::That works for the C's
Dribbird.::I don't like this trade.  We have a bunch of guards already.  We have 2 good SF's and a lack of size.  So we would trade our only good big man, get another guard and another SF
_KingKoopa_::I like it. Because Garnett is useless and Bledsoe is a young stud. Who fu**ing cares what positions we have or need? This team isn't winning sh*t. Get the best players you can. If they get this deal done, then maybe Bledsoe, Green and Pierce for Love. All of a sudden we have K. Love fore 5 years at 24ppg and 15rpg.
Hondo Kid::When is c paul due back?  Seems like he was listed as day to day when he first got hurt?  When is he due back?   Been out for a while now.
redsox__celtics.::Jason terry +17 today  not bad Jet not bad
Shaun0088::+ and - is the most overrated stat.
_KingKoopa_::He has been a worse signing than Dominique Wilkins thus far..
_I Am A Celtic_:::)
Rockets_not_a_serious_contender::Rockets can beat CLippers without Chris Paul, I think
SPIZURS::clippers are so fraud
Chestnut Trill::LAC is a dangerous team
Chestnut Trill::run the ball...this is what i am talking about
Chestnut Trill::why is baltimore throwing on 1st down?   patriots did this crap last year and lost...  had the lead...check had the ball...check 4 min left...check giants side of the field...check....  LOSING THE GOD DAMN SUPERBOWL AGAIN....CHECK......so pissed
mc0823::they wanna stay aggressive, keep doing what got them the lead...this blackout saved the niners, now they have all the momentum
Chestnut Trill::id want to keep the ball on the ground and limit the time left for the next 9er possession.
s.racey::This is the second disappointing performance by the Clippers.  Expressly the Bigs, When you have a front line that can leap as high as they can and the substitute point guard gets the only blocked shot of the game that speaks volumes about the defensive intensity of the Clippers big men.   You have two men that can consistently bump their heads on the rim meaning that they can put their hands roughly 12 feet in the air and they have zero blocked shots between them.  that's pathetic truthfully.  Not only did he (the guard) get more blocks he he got 7 rebounds and out scored them both as well.
Jdzspace::I understand you critiquing what appears to be your team, but you have to atleast mention the other team that played. The Celtics seemingly attacked their defense in a way that prevented them getting a ton of blocks.
Chestnut Trill::doc can dial up some D....
Chestnut Trill::you guys got injuries and on the road. it wasnt a div / conf game..who cares
Jdzspace::and the Celtics had injuries too. . . both teams played hard
CUBAN HONEY.::I hope pat fans are just as disappointed as niner fans :)
simms2673::Don't pay fans want to have lost to the super bowl winners? I can't root for SF after they dumped Smith.
BlazersFan900::niners sucks big fat balls so are the stupid fans
retro787::believe me they are to the point they want the niners to win
Young_Sinatra1::why isnt espn giving my fantasy points for Crawford?
DelonteWestIsMyDad::Who is Rondo?
Bayan7maestro::Welcome back to reality Clips.
BlazersFan900::you are not speaking english those words don't make any sense
BlazersFan900::what do you mean reality? the reality is a cockroach like you needs to get off this board and jerk off to your mom because you have no idea what you are saying
oicurak9::Welcome back to reality Clips.  --cockroach
Chestnut Trill::jacoby jones....mvp?
getsum333::Wrong board.
mc0823::over flacco?
Chestnut Trill::2 tds and one of them is a playoff / superbowl record....id say so
Chestnut Trill::mc,   kg has 3 years left @ 11 mil per year...what team is going to want to pick that up, give away players, picks, or both, and have to make a late season adjustment to fit KG on a new team?
mc0823::i just read the clippers were offering bledsoe and butler..more teams will get desperate as we approach the trade deadline tho
Chestnut Trill::i hear what you are saying though....ray allen just bounced on us. after we offered him more money than miami. and we couldve traded him last year and got nothing for him
Ace of Speights::the game sucks right now except for the last raven TD
Gucci Force Four Is A Genius LOL::Celtics are well on their way to a 1st or 2nd round exit from the playoffs.  YAY!!!!!!!!!!  -New England Area Basketball Fans
smartstud26::Bos way done if u lose KG I mean get real...experoenced 7 ftr for Butler-uh no..trade will not happen eva!!!
mc0823::he does but he can retire at any time and he's given indication that he wont play all 3 yrs
mc0823::i can respect them not trading pierce cause he's been there his entire career, but they cant afford to lose kg for nothing, or any other player they have
mc0823::rondo wont be back till like the all-star break next year...i dont see them getting passed the first rd cause they wont beat either the knicks or heat. kg MIGHT retire at the end of the year, u rather lose him for nothing? pierce has struggled this yr and looks nothing like the player he was before. wouldnt u rather get cap space, draft picks or young players in return to build an actual contender faster?
Chestnut Trill::i think KG has 2 more years left on his contract. next year and the one after. let me double check
mc0823::i think this yr should be different tho...aging roster, your best player in rondo is out. its time to blow it up and retool. youre not gonna win with this roster and that should be the team's main goal or concern.
Chestnut Trill::soooo a team with pau pierce and kevin garnett wont win? not saying win a title but they can def make it to the 2nd rnd of the playoffs for sure. no reason to blow it up because one guy is out for the year. he will be back next year, and if all of his key pieces are gone (kg and paul)....it will ruin it for next year.
mc0823::u guys cant honestly think u still have a shot at the title without rondo??
Chestnut Trill::i dont think what he said meant a championship run but last year we had a mess load of injuries...paul, ray, rondo got suspended and missed a game here or there due to whatever. wilcox was out for the year in like feb/march, green was out for the whole year, i dont think at one point in the season the "actual" roster played together once. and we lost to the refs in the ECF. pretty impressive
Paul1576::The same thing u Idiots said last year!!Please keep thinking that way!
Chestnut Trill::yup
RNYC::No rondo no Allen no sullinger NO problem.   Well coached team. Kudos to doc. I hate the celts though
oblique15::wow shocked you hate the Cetics, with all the respect shared.  Nice to see a none troll
mc0823::no allen?
