PlayaMade5::Tell Nash to be more agressive on the Dam Pick and Roll, he is being to dam soft.
johnyu2011::Kobe is nothing without Phil Jackson.  Lakers fan can argue as much as you want.
karateguy28::I respect Kobe as a player (most of the time), but I can't pull for any player that gives HIMSELF the nickname "black mamba." That's not how nicknames work, tool.
Ustna9::Clippers without a finals MVP, a 6MOTY and a multiple all-star...    Lakers without Steve Blake.
_Amaru::To all the people saying that Chris Paul helps his team more than Kobe Bryant, look at this statistic:  <b>EWA (Estimated Wins Added)</b> Kobe Bryant: 9.6 Chris Paul: 8.4  And this statistic:  <b>Value Added</b> Kobe Bryant: 286.8 Chris Paul: 252.1  http://insider.espn.go.com/nba/hollinger/statistics/_/sort/VORPe
Cleeepers::Once again with the history... Kupcake and the Buss family knew that a new CBA was coming. Even since then, they gave Nash $30million and 3 years!  It'll cost the lakers $200,000,000 next year to put the same sub-.500 team on the floor.  #unsustainable
Cleeepers::Alright then, CP3's team is 10 games ahead of Kobe's... simple enough for ya?  If you really believe that shelling out half your cap on a declining chucker is completely unrelated to having the worst bench in the league, it sounds like you should apply for a job in the lakers F.O.  Clippers have won 13 more games while spending $60,000,000 less on payroll this year (extra salary plus tax).  Lakers are a joke and kobe's salary is the punchline. And it's Clippers fans who are laughing loudest.  But you just go ahead and enjoy your stats.
DidYouSeeThat36::If contracts are reassessed on an annual basis, your argument is valid.  Because contracts span years.  You cannot just take a snap-shot.  Over the course of the Laker contract's reassess the spend to return ratio and I bet the Laker's returns are much higher.
Cleeepers::Kobe makes 50% more than CP3.  Shouldn't those stats be 50% better?
_Amaru::So now we are comparing salaries? What a joke!
------Los Angeles Lakers Nation------::Now that's a ( FACT)
blistex649::How's this stat... when Kobe scores 30+, they lose hahahah.
DidYouSeeThat36::Not to mention that stat only holds true this year, over his career they have a much higher winning percentage
_Amaru::That stat is misleading, an example is this game where the Lakers were down 19 and Kobe brought them back single-handedly, because when he passes to Metta and Meeks, they can't make a wide open 3 pointer...
Beyonce4coach::It is possible for this Lakers team to win.  They have to focus on the defensive end.  They have two seven footers.  They should be working the ball inside out and bludgeoning teams. Defense! Defense! Defense!
everyones-sleepin-on-the-clippers::lakers  keep on crying,your days are over hahaha
Beanslams46::When the Lakers got within 2, the officials wasted no time in 2 quick fouls on Kobe and two quick fouls on Metta to foul him out of the game. League is TRYING to send the weakest West coast team to the top, and that's the sappy clippers.
Dream On Haters::Really? LOL
Beanslams46::Does anyone even root for the clippers? There were more Laker fans in clipper arena than clippers based on the noise.
rjboi305::clipper arena? i thought both clippers &amp; lakers shared the same arena. N besides what the fans have to do with the lakers being garbage?
climb171::"Look at the difference between our team and theirs," Howard said. "They just play together. "--Dwight Howard  The most insightful comment I have heard from a lake player in a long long time.
ShillJackson::Paul never lands nor cuts on his right leg.  TOAST
Cleeepers::Yet still, he dominates.  Thank you for your diagnosis, Doctor... but I think I'll get a second opinion.
Beanslams46::Pesky clippers are a gnat temporarily in the Lakers way. Soon, this season, the clippers will just be faded squat, again.
KrayzieBone5150::Mitch Kupchak " Hello Memphis it's Mitch, Mitch Kupchak"  Memphis " Hey Mitch what's up what can we do for you"  Mitch "I'm calling in a favor"  Memphis " Sorry Mitch your all outta favors"  Mitch " now hold on just a Got Dam minute.....4 years ago in a alley behind the Kodak theater"  Memphis "Whoa Whoa Whoa....Calm down Mitch, Lets work something out Here, we don't wanna go putting peoples business out in the streets do we,.........Now give me a name"  Mitch " Rudy Gay"  Memphis "?"....................That's gonna be a tough one but if this will clear things up between me and you then I'll make it happen.....I guess Mark misses his Brother.........Just have that microfilm at the usual drop off spot when the deal is done"! and Mitch......Not a another word!
hagibauer316::Jamison played 3 minutes, what a jerk D'Antoni is, Knew he was a horrible Coach but now we know he is just $@%!$ to.
chicagogary13::Down down down Fakers going .....hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Beanslams46::There is nothing fake about a team with 5 Championships in a decade, all with the same guy. Perhaps your team are only pretenders?
Legends of Past::lakers should trade gasol for rudy gay. then cut blake and duhon and then sign delonte west.  nash/west  kobe/meeks  gay/ebanks  jamison/mwp  howard/hill
Ustna9::Why the F would Memphis do that?  Damn Laker fans are dumb...
Cleeepers::Maybe Memphis are collecting Gasols?  Only a laker fan would think it makes sense for a small-market team with cap issues to take on an extra $3mil in salary for a worse player than they're shipping out.
knicksnsx::Some comments don't warrant a reply
fairfan63::Clippers dominance will continue for long!! Is good for fans, NBA. Let's enjoy!!
Cleeepers::Still gonna be bashing Donald when he pays CP3 $125,000,000 in July?  Take your weak argument back to the 90's.
Elibird::90's You mean a few years ago.....lol
Elibird::By my reckoning, in the 30 years since Sterling bought the team, they've re-signed a grand total of six players to multi year contracts - Loy Vaught, Eric Piatkowski, Maggette, Elton Brand, Chris Kaman and Sam Cassell. Furthermore, although the team has a terrible record of signing outside free agents, all of their more recent free agent acquistions  Cuttino Mobley, Tim Thomas, Baron Davis, Ryan Gomes, Randy Foye The key term is <i>recent</i>.  He has a bad track record of keeping players(won't pay) or obtaining players(not willing to pay), so as I stated before. We'll have to see if this skunk will change his stripe, I doubt it. It's hard to teach and old dog new tricks and I truly expect him to be back to his cheapo ways sooner or later. More sooner than later and that is why I don't expect them to run too long.
Elibird::Uh huh, you have bad comprehension or something? Like I said "recently".
Cleeepers::Blake Griffin just got a $105,000,000 extension. Did nobody update the wikipedia page?
Elibird::Clipper Payroll Rank 2004 24th 2005 25th 2006 23rd etc...8 years my foot!
Elibird::Yep, he spent some cash and they are playing well, for a change.
Cleeepers::Clippers 2012/13 salary: $70mil.... 2nd best record in the league. Lakers 1012/13 salary: $100mil.... 11th in the West, under .500  It's not what you spend, it's HOW you spend it.
Elibird::"won't"....lol Donald Sterling is still the owner the last time I checked. lmao ;)
Ustna9::Hey Elibird... I'm anxious for you to tell us who he SHOULD have paid for?
JoeClipplet::Maybe YOU should look up the current history of D. Sterling.   He hasn't been a cheap $@% for over 8 years now.
Elibird::Point is he's a cheap $@%!$@%. Look it up. He has a well documented history of having good players and not wanting to pay. It won't run long. It's hard for a skunk to change his stripe.
JoeClipplet::Donald Sterling paid for the best bench of the NBA, paid for CP3, paid Blake Griffins max contract...   Your point?
everyones-sleepin-on-the-clippers::no  matter  what,even if  we were  to  win a ring,a laker  fan  is  more delusional then  rex yan,this isn't  lakers year and  the  year b4,get over  it.
SoCal.Cat::Funny thing- I had never heard of a Clipper fan till this year.
Demoted::1st person i checked (Clyde Drexler) assist did not dip on the end of his career btw.
Elibird::5.6 Career APG Championships Zippo!
Demoted::It froze this public computer im on
Cleeepers::Not surprised. It's difficult for laker fans to hear ANYTHING with their heads that far up their arses.
Grizzlysd187::http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Sting.ogg
Demoted::We're just trying to be like the Clippers GM
Grizzlysd187::Funny thing, never heard a Clipper joke until today.  We exist, but at least we aren't Cubs fans! (Another tired joke reference)
JoeClipplet::GOOD WIN SHOWTIME!!!  - jc
Cleeepers::Ditto!  - Magic
BloodBard::The Lakers are 2 games below five hundred and in the 11 spot in the western conference. Everone keeps saying wait tell the playoffs I got news for you Laker fans it's time to start worring if this Laker team is even going to make the playoffs !
wilbur thepup::why do you say that, Nostradumbas?
Elibird::Make the playoffs? You do know they are only a few games out of the 5 or 6 spot with 50 games left to play.
BarrelRider04::Clips could go .500 the rest of the season and Lakes would need to go something like 35-11 to catch them. That's funny!
wilbur thepup::^ Hey, anyone wanna see my collection of $@%!$@%?
Elibird::We don't need to catch their record. Just work on that 5th or 6th seed... who knowmaybe 4th.  All we really need to do is catch their a.ss in the playoffs will our team clicking like it should
Grizzlysd187::Slightly optimistic, but anything's possible.
Grizzlysd187::This is the type of ingenious statistical analysis that my thumbnail picture was created for.
Grizzlysd187::Once again, thanks for the knowledge and refer to the thumbnail.
BarrelRider04::Grizzlysd187 - JoeClipplet - Grizzlysd187 - BTW, did you like your own post?  Naw... I did  Cool.  Glad you think so also.  No, he was saying he liked my post, not yours.
Grizzlysd187::JoeClipplet - Grizzlysd187 - BTW, did you like your own post?  Naw... I did  Cool.  Glad you think so also.
JoeClipplet::Grizzlysd187 - BTW, did you like your own post?  Naw... I did
Grizzlysd187::Probably not, too busy creating them apparently...
BarrelRider04::Grizzlysd187 - Glad you think so.  Thanks for the contribution and compliments.  Maybe you could create a class that teaches how to come up with really cool avatar pics. I definitely need some help there.
Grizzlysd187::BTW, did you like your own post?
Grizzlysd187::Glad you think so.  Thanks for the contribution and compliments.
BarrelRider04::Wow, you are so creative dude. You are cool. I bet your Facebook page is really awesome.
The0087Club::I will say the Lakers actually played hard coming back from 15 plus deficits twice in the game to get it close. Unfortunately, it counts as a loss, and at 2 games under .500, 50 games to go, and Denver, than at Houston, SA, and OKC coming up, nothing short of a win is a positive
Im Ignorant::i hope Dwight decides to take a pay cut and chooses to go to OKC, and OKC trades Perkins garbage @$$ somewhere.
UK2K All Day::Kentucky...even in a "down year" could beat the lakers and kobes ball hogin' a$$
Grizzlysd187::...cause Calipari had so much success with the Nets, right?
SDowler1::Please the so called good Kentucky players from the last 20 years have only been average NBA players at best. Most of them come into the NBA and suck ! This years team are a bunch of scrubs who can't even hang with decent college teams !
Elibird::You sound like a fool
reptorontoallday::chris paul dominates a 34 year old and a 36 year old  wow im so impressed  lets see what happens in the playoffs again when he goes against tony parker
BarrelRider04::Clips will have a hard time with OKC. They put Sefolosha on Paul and he completely smothers him. That is our toughest matchup. Paul can be neutralized if you get a longer, quick guy on him.
mike etheridge::cp3 is elite as are westbrook conley  parker West playoffs will be hard fought at the point
Elibird::CP3 hit a couple of step back fade away jumpers on Bryant from 17 - 18 feet and now he dominated him?
scottpilgrim33::Paul &gt; Parker
SDowler1::Yeah because Tony Parker is known for his defense....Not !
Grizzlysd187::...while healthy this time?
scottpilgrim33::Dwight Howard may not play tomorrow vs Denver because of the fact that he succks just like his team  Kobe's response "YES more shots for me an .. oh *ahem* Sucks to hear hope he gets back"
Elibird::Howard said Kobe is the one who has been yelling at him to shoot more jump shots. That's jump shots. He said Kobe has been working with him on being more aggressive and less sensitive to criticism. Maybe they won't coexist in the long run, but to make the assertion now that Kobe is holding Howard back is just inaccurate.
The0087Club::In all honesty, do you see those two getting along?
scottpilgrim33::No it won't work. Kobe's ego has soared so high at this point and he's getting cranky and Dwight is in a world of his own. no chance
BarrelRider04::Kobe and Dwight not getting along is really killing this team. Look for Dwight to be gone next season without a doubt.
Elibird::scottpilgrim33 - http://deadspin.com/5973365/dwight-howard-on-the-difference-between-the-clippers-and-the-lakers-they-share-the-ball ******************************* Not really sure what this is suppose to mean when speaking about KB24 &amp; DH12. This is about the way the Clipper team moves the ball compared to the Lakers team. If you are trying to say Kobe, I will remind you he is averaging about 5 APG and Nash is at about 8 APG. How many APG is DH12 getting?
BarrelRider04::Dude you need to get informed.
scottpilgrim33::http://deadspin.com/5973365/dwight-howard-on-the-difference-between-the-clippers-and-the-lakers-they-share-the-ball
Elibird::When did they supposedly not get along?
scottpilgrim33::I expected that from the get go. L.A. was just a pit stop for him. Most likely off to Brooklyn
BloodBard::So now that LA is a Clippers town I think all those Laker statues would look good in Seattle !
King Kadet::Why do you people want Gasol gone? D'antoni has him shooting 3's and telling him to stay out of the paint! Of course he wont be efficient playing like that! You must have short memories to not remember how he played in the finals a few years ago or olympics a few months ago! Its the coach! Anybody who knows basketball can see that!
Grizzlysd187::Why is him just hitting the wall out of the question?  Shaq hit it pretty hard, so did Ewing.  Big men tend to hit it harder.
BarrelRider04::Agree, it's Dumbtoni's system that is killing Pau. But people that don't know anything about basketball think somehow that Pau is just all of a sudden done and can't play anymore.
mike etheridge::did u hear the CROWD when it got to 99-97 sounded like a LAKER game to me Home crowd was OURS even in an AWAY game some things never change Clips are on the Rise one day they will have enough fans to CONTROL their OWN building
mike etheridge::Been to hundreds of Laker games bro &amp; theres always One constant more purp &amp; yello than red &amp; blue rider
BarrelRider04::You should have just gone with the standard banner comeback instead of making yourself look ignorant.
BarrelRider04::C'mon Mike, that was a moronic statement. You've obviously never been to a game. Same thing happens at Laker home games now.
Im Ignorant::wow kobe 38 points on 60% shooting and 5 steals. im impressed, too bad they still lost.
Elibird::Seeing them come back from such a big deficit against a very good team to be down by only 2 points with 1 minute left to play. Pau playing poorly, Meeks playing poorly, MWP playing poorly.  Say what you want, but that showed potential. Lakers lost, but they almost won too.  You all keep thinking the Lakers are going to be a push over if you want too! There's still some fight left in these old dogs. I know you haters are betting on them hurting, but I'm betting on Howard &amp; Pau getting healthy.
mike etheridge::on point elibird i was encouraged by the EFFORT as well considering some guys didnt show up
Elibird::Did I mention they were down by 2 points with 1 minute to go? Seems like the Lakers had a win with a good game from MWP, Pau or Meeks. That's 3 players and had anyone of them had a good game the Lakers would have won.
BarrelRider04::That potential is named Kobe Bryant. The guy is unstoppable, but as a team they are horrid. Time is running out. If the Clips went .300 the rest the of year, the Lakers would have to go something like 36-15. NOT GOING TO HAPPEN!
tmohr48::I was here last night offering "Congratulations to Clippers and base" and will do it again...   Congrats on a good game as we all hope to be the case.
mike etheridge::i second that a nice win for the clips
BarrelRider04::Laker fans just need to face it. At this point there is ZERO and I mean ZERO team chemistry. Dwight is being a bizznatch and Dumbtoni doesn't know what to do. Pau is unhappy and rightly so. The fact that coke snorting Jim Buss didn't hire Jackson because of personal reasons could go down as one of the biggest blunders in Laker history.
johnyu2011::Don't worry.  Jeanie brought Phil back by marrying him
tmohr48::Don't know about 'coke snorting Jim Buss' but it wouldn't surprise me one bit. If you have a photo with straw in hand, please post...   Yes, without a doubt historically speaking now,  the Lakers' biggest blunder is not rehiring Phil Jackson when having the opportunity. NBA needs to establish a 'The Poorest Bonehead Executive Decision of the Year Award' in honor of Jim Buss.
Elibird::Zero? hmmmm not what I saw last night what game were you watching?
BarrelRider04::Ok, I exaggerated, on a scale of 1-10 I'd give them a 2. So, not a Zero, I apologize.
mike etheridge::Rider is sneaking out a W vs this lousy laker team as u put it after losing 2 straight the path to a Ring ?
TheWyseWon::Lakers want to build chemistry...they need to get rid of both D'Antoni and Nash..neither fit with the rest of the team.  Signing Nash was a huge mistake.
bballfballfan::nash not really....dantoni for sure
TheWyseWon::Lakers are better off with the ball in Kobe's hand than Nash.
BarrelRider04::Say it with me but hurt Laker fans: M-O-R-A-L victory, clap...clap...clap clap clap.  "Yeah, but we have 16 banners where are yours?"  - but hurt Laker fans
mike etheridge::ya i have love for Mikan he was a Laker  just feel he would have a tough go vs The true big men &amp; not the current batch because todays Centers are weak minus Dwight &amp; Tim
mike etheridge::wysewon were just gonna have to agree to disagree bro all good
TheWyseWon::Definetly, all good.  Although, we agree more than disagree, I believe!
mike etheridge::Rider i would definatly say im disappointed in their play but thats about it lol
Elibird::Moral victory? Last nights game was more than that.
mike etheridge::Mikan played when there were 10-12 teams in the days before black players dominated the NBA try again he was a good big but he wouldnt dominate vs better competition in my opinion maybe im wrong idk
TheWyseWon::Mikan was as good as any center in the league today.  There were 8 teams Less teams means the league was watered down less.   Few black players though..so it does equal out.  The league was better in the 60s than it is today.  Strength of the NBA by decades:  80s, 60s, 90s, 70s, 2000s, 50s.... I did not see Mikan play, but give him his due, he was great in his era and would hold his own today.
Elibird::Before you talk you you should know what the hell you are talking about. The Lakers have won 11 Championships since 1972.  <i>~Lakers fan since 1968</i>
TheWyseWon::Here's an interesting Fact..... Centers on Laker Championships: Mikan 5 Kareem 5 Shaq 3 Bynum 2 Chamberlin 1
mike etheridge::haters bring up the banners more than the laker fans do lol Lakers are trying to build a team with chemistry to compete havent got there yet who's butthurt?
BarrelRider04::Haa, most definitely you.
LARRY57917::Paul  miss  14  out  of  25  shots.  Did  he guard  Kobe ?  Did  he  get  dunk  on  ?  Let  Paul  play  Kobe In  a  game  of  one  on  one.  I  don't  want  to  hear  Paul  is  6'1  and  is  Kobe  6'6.  Kobe  is  34  and old  right.  Kobe  would  tear  that  $@%  up.  If  there  was  no  Kobe  the  haters  would  have  nothing to  live  for.  PS  get  help.
Cleeepers::The game isn't played 1-on-1. Somebody should tell kobe that.  Chris Paul - 8 fewer points, but 10 more assists.
mike etheridge::clips now 31-97 vs LA since 84-85  &amp; now 4-11 vs LA when they have the better record &amp; still dont have a Div or Conference or World Title to speak of lmfao
BarrelRider04::You sound like the one that needs help brah. Clips just owning your pathetic team. Take your beatings like a man. Your team will be under .500 this year. Take it like a MAN.
BarrelRider04::Hence your MORAL victory. HA! Clips have won both games. Lakers had one time where they were ahead in both games. That's OWNERSHIP!
Elibird::Owned? The Clits barely won!
mike etheridge::they did put paul on him late but he cant guard kobe any better than kobe did on him hes to quick for kb &amp; our guards sad to say
Maschil::kobe played one of the best games of his career and the lakers still lost. t
TheWyseWon::Interested in your opinion, If the Lakers go 1-3 or 0-4 in the next 4 games, Is D'Antoni Gone?
Grizzlysd187::He gets a season, like Tomjanovich did.
mike etheridge::no he will get this season to either make progress or get shipped
Maschil::i hope so....as much. as i want the lakers to win, i would love to see d'antoni go...
bballfballfan::just watch....they trade gasol to another team...he plays way better than ever
LARRY57917::Hell   im  5'5  i  play  bigger  than  Pau  and  i'm  a  Laker  fan.
mike etheridge::dont wanna hate on him he helped win 2 rings he just doesnt have that fire like he did vs the C's when he was challenged by garnett &amp; perkins
mike etheridge::as long as we get a player with a pulse in return im good with that He has lost his MOJO with the lakers
bballfballfan::he sure did....he looks lost...like lebron did in his last game with cleveland
f0shoo::The Lakers without Kobe would be 5-27.  Stephen A said it on Monday morning that the Lakers are just getting old and don't have the energy to get it done. There is no buzz around the Lakers. Kobe is only doing what he has to do to keep the Lakers in the hunt @ least. Trade Gasol.
f0shoo::^
TinJoc::they are not in the hunt for anything
Elibird::Like we are so far back we can't get 4th or 5th or 6th
TheWyseWon::apparewntly he means a 7 or 8 seed
bballfballfan::heat, celtics, and knicks are all old....theres no excuse for not having energy to play
------Los Angeles Lakers Nation------::We were better off with Bernie Bickerstaff.
bballfballfan::i dont think bickerstaff wanted to be the coach....just seemed like he didnt want all that attention
TheWyseWon::Lakers would be in the hunt for a Top 4 seed right now with Bickerstaff and would have an outside chance of making noise in the playoffs.
Elibird::Pau Gasol has a career average of 13.6 FGA's 9.2 RB, 3.2 Ast. &amp; 18.7 PPG His career high is 14.9 FGA's  Last season he had 14.1 FGA's 10.4RB, 3.7 Ast.&amp; 17.4 PPG. Pau was at about what he always gets.  Until this year!
Grizzlysd187::Maybe he just finally hit the wall... big men tend to hit harder than most, remember Shaq?
mike etheridge::and i semi agree with elibird on his shots Take them Pau do something anything but stand there
mike etheridge::if that team needs a soft PF who doesnt like contact i agree
mike etheridge::his PAST numbers are just that the past He needs to step up &amp; i dont see it happening he gets the ball at the top of the key he can go to the hole or shoot he shoots every time GO HARD? nope he wont do it
------Los Angeles Lakers Nation------::He would work out for another team.
------Los Angeles Lakers Nation------::Agree.D'antoni is not using him the right way.
Demoted::Once again...  People using Shaq being the Leader of the early 2000s Lakers as a slight to Kobe: MJ would also be a #2 option on a team with Shaq...
Grizzlysd187::Geniuses... Jordan career is not Jordan in his prime.  Kobe is just leaving his, and Jordan played for a quite a few years after his.
Grizzlysd187::Obviously, because Kobe hasn't hit his prime and concluded his career... call me when he averages over 7 apg for his remaining years to boost his career total over MJ's.  You have to be the most clueless troll I've seen on here.
Demoted::if he can average 5.2 in his 1st year with the Wiz than what does assist have to do with age (which was your point) ?  This has to be the dumbest argument ive ever heard
Grizzlysd187::Okay, Troll... but four years well under 5 did ruin his career average.  But then again, facts obviously mean nothing to you... right?
Demoted::and?  He still averaged 5.2 his 1st year with the Wizards
Grizzlysd187::Really?... look at Jordan's final 5 years and say that again with a straight face.  One year over 5.  http://www.basketball-reference.com/players/j/jordami01.html
Demoted::Genius his assist per game r was 5.2 aka about his assist dont take a dip because of age
Elibird::I like how all you people talk about Assist this assist that, but the fact is you act like Kobe has been surrounded by shooters.
Grizzlysd187::...unless you're Kobe Bryant.
Demoted::thats usually the premise of them deciding to take the shot..
Grizzlysd187::And every spot up shooter has wide open looks without a defender in his face... but whatever troll, convince yourself that if you want.
Demoted::so you cant post up without being in the paint?  ever heard of the low block extended?
Grizzlysd187::And it's hard to go over 3 seconds in the post, considering there's an Offensive 3 seconds rule...
Demoted::So post up players dribble the ball as soon as they get it?  Do post up players not pick up their dribble to go up for the shot?
Grizzlysd187::Do you know the rules of basketball?  There is no 'time limit' on assists, if the player who received the ball is keeping his dribble and attempting to score.
Demoted::No such thing as a massive amount of screens in the triangle offense 1st off... all assist is about the man you pass to making the shot in a certain amount of time after receiveing the pass...  post up players POST UP
Grizzlysd187::In what universe?... a dominant big man in the post would always trump a spot up shooter coming off massive amounts of screens.  Shaq shot over 60% one year, no spot up shooter does that.
Demoted::Grizz..  its a lot easier to get an assist to a spot up shooter than a guy who you give the ball to and he post his man up.
Grizzlysd187::Show me the player Jordan played with that shot better than Shaq...
Grizzlysd187::But to think he wouldn't have had the ball in his hands and got tons of assists by doing that isn't a stretch of the imagination.    Kobe's best season, 6 apg... MJ's, 8 apg (as the #1 scoring option averaging 32.5 ppg).
Grizzlysd187::For a CAREER... because Jordan always played in his prime.  Call me when Kobe finally shoots over 50% to actually make a dent in that number.
Demoted::Shaqs always shot higher so i dont see what that has to do with my point..  im comparing ppl $@%!$@%! on Kobe for his % to it being the same % diff as MJ is to Shaq, if not more..
Grizzlysd187::Career... has Kobe ever shot 50%, no.  Has Jordan, multiple times.
Demoted::.04 is about the diff between Mj &amp; Kobe career wise..  so its not that big a deal right?!
Grizzlysd187::For a career where he was NOT a facilitator at the end?... great analysis.
Elibird::It's not about his best APG It's about their APG and MJ is only about 1 APG higher than Kobe as a starter. Kobe also has never really had many shooter on his team
Grizzlysd187::So... Kobe couldn't average 6.0 assists WITH Shaq and the ball in his hands.  You think Michael wouldn't have blown that number away?... that's funny.
Grizzlysd187::P.S. - Shaq only shot about .04% better from the field during his Lakers days than Michael's first three-peat.
Demoted::thats all well and good but MJ for his career is only at .6 more than Kobe...  &amp; getting assist to a post player isnt as black and white as youre making it seem
The Zink::Short fiction isn't necessarily more believable by virtue of repeating it.
The Zink::Demoted - lol no it wasnt answered below i replied to/ refuted everything  Well you've convinced yourself, congratulations.
Elibird::Problem with idiots such as yourself, you don't know non-fiction when you see it.  b.t.w. The Tooth Fairy is not real. I repeat he is not real.
Demoted::lol no it wasnt answered below i replied to/ refuted everything
The Zink::All previously answered below, no need to repeat it all, you either grasped it or you didn't.
Demoted::y would a coach play outside-in if the post &amp; perimeter players are equally unstoppable? &amp; I say equally unstoppable lightly, as Shaq shot a higher fg% than MJ by a long shot
The0087Club::Honestly, Pau can get you 15 and 10 a game if used correctly. But also, Hill could too. I don't understand why D'Antoni uses Hill closer to the basket and not Pau. Does anyone else see that? Of course, some of it could be due to more intensity by Hill.
The0087Club::But if used correctly, can Pau still give you 15 and 10 a night?
bballfballfan::of coarse he can
------Los Angeles Lakers Nation------::Agree.I was so mad over that move.
mike etheridge::Hill plays like its a street fight pau plays like its two hand touch
bballfballfan::he doesnt want to become a poster child again hahah
mike etheridge::if blake was flying by me i would push pull block do whatever was neccesary to send him to the line Pau just watches &amp; puts his hands out like what was i supposed to do
The0087Club::Good point. That makes sense
bballfballfan::pau can shoot from outside the box but really would you have a 7 footer shooting it 15feet away from the rim when you have perimeter guys...just doesnt make sense too me...
bballfballfan::hill is a below the rim player...everything else he cant really do
------Los Angeles Lakers Nation------::I never thought I would say this.But it is time to let go of Pau.The guy is an emotional reck, I like Pau he is a great person.I love how he carries him self.He is a professional with a great attitude, he is also to slow for the old Lakers and he is not working out in sorry@ss Mike D'antoni system.Jim Buss is Pathetic he also chose D'antoni over the Zen Master.
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::Lakers are not making the playoffs.
Mambaholic 33::Only 50 more games and the pain stops
bballfballfan::sad but true
TheWyseWon::Nash is not playing well...  His impact on the game is almost non-existent.    Shooting 3s well, but not creating easy shots on a regular basis for others at all.  Last night he created 2-3 easy buckets for another Laker all night, but he also threw the ball away creating easy buckets for the Clippers 3 times...so that was a wash. Plus, he can't guard anyone.   Who has he made better on the Lakers?  They are 3-5 with him and .500 w/o him.
andy_hug::nash +12 /morris -17  nough said
The Zink::The Nash/Kobe pairing was always a gamble.  Kobe's FG% had declined for 3 straight years.  Nash's scoring dropped 25% in 2 years.  The gamble was that by combining them they'd resurrect each other and overcome Nash's defensive liabilities on the floor.  So far .... not so much, no.
bballfballfan::hes doing everythig great but hes not scoring like before...reason why.....one word...kobe
bballfballfan::agreed...cp3 is arguably the best pg now in the league
TheWyseWon::He threw about 3 good passes last night.  Paul did that in a 2 minute stretch.
bballfballfan::his assisting is great but yea hes not making anyone better because not everyone is getting the touches they need...why...kobe...and the D part yea he is but he does run up and down the floor something 80% of the lakers team arent doing right now
TheWyseWon::What is he doing Great?  Who has he made better?  A PG needs to make others better.  He is not and remains a huge liability on defense.
Sam_Cassells_Spaceship::Kobe Bryant shoots enough for the both of them.
bballfballfan::blow this team up now before its too late!!!!
