Sakshay Chaturvedi::0-7  #WigginsIsOurs
Marcleen Bavogui::u know the draft is a lottery right?? having the worse record in nba doesnt guarantee u the first pick
Daniel Panda Jurado::The worst team rarely ever gets the first pick. Hasn't happened in years.
Lyn Carr::Hell yea...we getting him ! Besides draft is deep this year and we got cap room/expiring contracts.
Quentin Rollins::Please please replace Corbin and someone that knows what their doing start coaching, I'm begging now.
Murphy Wolford::Rudy Gay hurt?
Kool Kev::Utah worse then the Lakers!!! Good god almighty!!! Hope the don't have the curse of the Charlotte Bobcats...
Tony Ellis::The Jazz should be way better than they are. Kanter, Favors, and Hayward, in particular, are all very good players.
Chris Headley::My thoughts exactly about them, but they have nobody else right now.
Tony Ellis::Chris Headley Jefferson's a solid vet and Burks is a good scorer off the bench, but that's about it. But Philly is playing really well with nobody but MCW, Turner, Hawes, and Young. Phoenix is playing well with nobody but Bledsoe, Markieff Morris, Plumlee, and Green (and Dragic when healthy). Portland won 33 games last year with nobody but LA, Batum, Lillard, and Matthews.
Lyn Carr::Exactly ! All we got,are them and scrubs. They have good games,nobody else though. No good Backups and starting pg hurt.
Matt Mcguckin::Replace Corbin when the season ends so we still lose all our games this season to get Wiggins.
Luc Whissell::Not sure what the NBA all-time low for wins in a season is, but the Jazz will certainly come close to it.
Travis Pavich::9. By Philly in the 70's and tied by Charlotte during the lockout if 2010.
Albert Franco P::The Raptors got to 62 without a single player in double digits, impressive.
Tim Pruitt::I guess when your best player is Gordon Hayward you get beat by the raptors. By 40...
Robert Navarro::I think jazz are tanking for wiggins. Would nba let wiggins go to UTAH???lol
Alissa Dais::I coined, riggin for wiggans. 2013 last game against memphis.
Usc Josh::UTAH, please exit to the D-league and "tank" for Wiggins!
East Murray::Toronto be killing Utah 115-91 Final
Jeff Matthews::Utah Jazz = Riggin for Wiggins....
Steave Hoover::Trade for jimmer already, Utah.
Sloto Mania::Jazz are pretty bad. 0-82 here we come.
Matt Semperboni::Welcome to Utah, Wiggins.
Marquis Kidd::what happened to derozan?
Kevin Franke::The Jazz are really bad this year.
Paul Mantz::not bad, inexperienced, they show flashes of the talent they possess, but still lack the skill of keeping up in the fourth quarter...and sometimes the whole game.  Any professional scout will tell you, that with this core they Jazz will be a relevant force in the next few years.
Albert Franco P::Paul Mantz Certain players have potential to be much better but as a team they are bad, unless they can figure out a formula that works for them together the individual accomplishments are sort of pointless.
Paul Mantz::That is why I said inexperienced, once they get the experience then we can pass judgement on whether they are bad or good, so far, all reports show high hopes.   On a side note, I don't believe Hayward can be the franchise player for a title contending team we need someone else...Wiggins?
David Ben-Shah::jazz fans deserve better
Julie Price::When will Trey Burke play?
Sloto Mania::They need to use Burks more.
Colby Black::Go Jazz!
