GTechfanDC-10::THRASHERS games &gt; HAWKS game
Demonjoe93::Scott Proctor's pitching &gt; Rob Parker
GTechfanDC-10::Rob Parker &gt; Atlanta Spirit LLC
spr1nk1es::nice win for the hawks but seriously we need to find a replacement for marvin williams......................marvin williams=biggest draft bust ever
91Gmoney9009::No, Greg Oden has him beat there
acohn22::Hawks bringing back a lost art in the NBA, DEFENSE.  They have bought into Larry Drew's defensive scheme.  J-Smoooooove for defensive man of the year.
58rhodes::Blazers will be lucky to finish the season @500
Beardedblazerfan::And so will 6 out of the top 8 in the West this year, don't know if youve noticed but pretty much every West team but 3 are doing horrible on the road so far.
58rhodes::well there 2 that can win on the road
acohn22::Hawks doin work.  11-4.  the haters can keep hating.  Record speaks for itself. 'Nuff said.
rkini1::You know the Hawks are having a good night when you DON'T hear "Josh Smith for 3". Good game, it was fun to watch. Good to see ESPN showing the Hawks some love. Only team to beat both the Heat and the Bulls.
rkini1::haha wow. Golden State doing work. Yea, now im unimpressed. Oh well still a good game. The Hawks are playing consistant, and they are strong on D.
mjoskar::Actually the GS Warriors have beaten both the Heat and Bulls also. Doesn't seem like that big of an accomplishment when you can say that.
acohn22::I agree, it was an all around good game.  Hawks holding it together without Horford.  The team is really starting to gel.
mr.jiggles248::Is Oden still injured or something or did he get injured again i thought Portland resigned him?
acohn22::kwame brown might be slightly ahead of oden.  Atleast Oden doesn't play so he can't make his team worse like kwame does.
91Gmoney9009::Greg Oden, may be the biggest bust in NBA history. Just think, they took him over KD!!! WOW
tdawg44446::Lamarcus Aldridge is good, but he can't carry the team like he tried to tonight. The guards (crawford, matthews, felton) have to step up more.
Beardedblazerfan::I don't know how Crawford can come off the bench and shoot the most amount of shots on the team, when we first signed him everybody was saying we finally have a reliable scorer coming off the bench, I have yet to see that from him. Felton is just awful and makes me really miss Andre Miller, he reminds me alot of Bayless, Matthews and Wallace, I don't what to say about them, they are so unpredictable with their scoring its almost funny.
FranciscoKern::"The Blazers guard (Crawford) could've used more help from his teammates."  Or, shooting 8 of 22, he could have passed the rock and stopped shooting.
acohn22::just like he did in Atlanta, Crawford will shoot his team out of games.  30 minutes, 22 shots.
pdxrovermech::well after the blazers hot start they've finally settled down and started showing they're true colors again.
FingerRoleJoeTM::Jamal Crawford...22 shots, 22 points.   36 percent from the field.  -10 +/-    Ill take the new look Hawks bench over that any day
91Gmoney9009::Hawks are now in first place in the Southeast and the 2 seed in the east. Where's all the haters at, sayin the Hawks suck?
91Gmoney9009::Hey for us Hawks fans, making the playoffs 5 years in a row would be a huge accomplishment. And we dont have BIG NAME players. We dont have a Kobe or a LeBron or a Dirk or a Dwight or a Durant. For this team to be as good as they are without a huge superstar speaks volumes.
mjoskar::Hawwks are still out by 2nd round.
FingerRoleJoeTM::let them hate its not helping them at all
FingerRoleJoeTM::Boozer doesn't make as much as Joe, but he is the most over paid player when you compare production.  Joe does his thing, did you see the game last night?  He can create his own shot whenever he wants it
91Gmoney9009::I love Joe, I'd pay him as much money as he wants to keep him in a Hawks uniform. Hawks have some of the quietest superstars in the NBA and I love it. And yes I consider Josh Smith a superstar. He's averaging 17 points and almost 10 rebounds a game. I just wish the Hawks would bring in a dominant big man. Teague at PG, Johnson at SG, Smith at SF, Horford at PF, and ????. If we had a player like Bynum or Howard, we would be unstoppable.
91Gmoney9009::I'll take his 20+ points every game. PPG average is better than D-Wade, along with assists and I beleive rebounds
CandySparker::LaMarcus Aldridge is a Man.
kent432::At least Blazer fan we have one ring.. long ago we beat a good "Sixer" team with the "Doc" &amp; Dawkins (an early Shawn Kemp)  We got no respect back then ,was watching when at the end of the game they went to anything but the celebration.. since then it has been the same for Blazer fan..hang on..and to you new Blazer fans the road is rough but the ride is great!!
Ohio Dirty Bird::Hawks won one ring too.   Hawks beat a very good team The Boston Celtics with Bob Cousy and Bill Russell
kent432::They where in St Louis then..but they made the mistake and moved
Atl-fan-win-or-lose::I wish we could say the Hawks are an elite team, but their still not there yet. The Hawks need McGrady to play a little better seeing as how he's their 6 man. Also until the Hawks decide to replace Marvin Williams with a better option at SF their doomed to be a upper mid level team. Also I know what a lot of you are going to say and yes he had a decent game tonight. But that's just it he has a good game and then he won't have another good game for about 4 to 6 games.
91Gmoney9009::Upper mid level team? Name 3 teams in the East better than the Hawks. You cant cuz the only 2 that are better is Miami and Chicago and thats arguable considering are 1-1 against both of them. And please dont say the 76ers, they have only played like 3 road games this year.
Atl-fan-win-or-lose::The Hawks as they stand now are neck to neck with the other team so yeah their a upper mid level team.
T.Y.U::That back injury was bigger than most people think I suppose even me. Because before that huge slam during the Cleveland game it at least looked as if Marvin was beginning to turn a corner and look like something.
InspectorDec::True, but Marvin has been shooting better and rebounding better this season than his previous years.
FingerRoleJoeTM::I dunno, Marvin has played well this entire season
Erasisn::MW is very inconsistent. I was hoping to see him step up when Al got hurt. However, I am glad to see that Joe and Josh have stepped up since Horford's injury.
captinbeezo::hawks lookin great. joe playin to his potential, smith playin smarter, bench strong, hawks are an official elite team
USoccer22::Hawks fans were really pumped for this games filling 40% of the stadium
acohn22::exactly, it was actually more filled up than I thought it would be to see an average Blazer team come in on a Wednesday night.  But Ben Stiller and Vince Vaughn were there.
Beardedblazerfan::The west sucks on the road this year.
FingerRoleJoeTM::with this win maybe we can stay in the top 15 in power rankings next week!..
dalemurphyjr::nope  we'll drop to to 24th just wait
esco7277::Man! get these Trailblazers off my TV!
LightingDucks::get a job
TC31992::Good win Atlanta!!! On to the next one. Letgo Hawks!!!!! #Team11-4!
loubillz718::lets go i'm commenting everone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IDC im a real fan!!!!!
58rhodes::Blazers 5-5 out of the last 10
FingerRoleJoeTM::Nice win for the Hawks tonight, bench looked good, a lot better than it did with Crawford running the show... T Mac did his thing but this was all about Joe tonight, he held it down and got us a W...people forget he carried this time by himself for years
loubillz718::stupid
rr21793::there aren't many players who fit this, but here goes. question of the night. who would win this 3-on-3 half court matchup? Consider all players in their prime. Stipulations - all players must:    a) be active  b) been in the league at least 7 years  c) been with the same team their entire career  d) won a championship    Team 1:   Dirk Nowitzki, Paul Pierce, Dwayne Wade    Team 2:  Tim Duncan, Kobe Bryant, Tony Parker    Honorable Mention: (only other solid players that qualify with the 4 stipulations) Tayshaun Prince, Udonis Haslem, Manu Ginobili...less
kent432::Get a life..you sound like i guy i knew..but you cant be him..he died alone and sad!!!
esco7277::Typical Failblazer fans when the win they are on here talking Sh#t , now they lose and off to bed lol!!!!!
LightingDucks::no ill still talk Sh#t, we havent been doing so hot with these 6 games in 10 nights all on the road but come to the Rose Garden ( best fans in the NBA I may add) and we'll put on a shooting clinic with Aldridge, Wallace, Crawford, Batume, heck even Thomas's old a#* will forever knock down that mid range shot. we'll be the 3rd team out of the West come playoff time just wait. by the way we've sold out how many games in a row??? dont bother looking it up cuz its 166 consecutive games, all 20,357 seats filled. and you wonder why we have the best fan base in the NBA :)
Baxter5760::Congrats! And it looks like your fanbase is doing good filling up 60% of your stadium lol!!!!!
91Gmoney9009::On a Wednesday night against a mediocre Blazer team, I would say 60% is pretty damn good.
loubillz718::i dont understand marc stein for pushing the hawks back several slot on the power ranking when they havent lost a game after ranking them in the top ten. i hate everyone for under estimating or doubting them just because the hawks lost horford. look at the record bro. even if no one sees them as an elite team they shouldnt of been dropped on the rankings as far as they did. thats why i look at hollinger's ranking more then marc's.
91Gmoney9009::He is basing his rankings off the fact that we lost Horford for most of the season. If the Hawks keep playing like this, there is no reason why they cant be the 2 or 3 seed in the East. But Miami will probably finish with a better record which would drop us to a 5 seed
ATLrepresent11::I would probably put Atlanta at 5 behind OKC. But I'm okay with 4 lol
loubillz718::hollinger has us as fourth on the power rankings, at least someone has been recognizing
loubillz718::just because the mavs started winning yu just dont put dem several slots on tops come on now, n thats not the only team. alot of ya just ride on others band wagons. and thats just keeping everything rated pg.
loubillz718::yes i agree atl, we can do it i kno we can. i think Rose is not 100 percent in games without him doing 100 percent bulls are not as much as people think they are. i'm sorry bulls fans. I think bulls are over-rated, if that man isnt doing good and ya are going versus a good team ya are not going anywhere
loubillz718::lets go hollinger i support you!!!!
ATLrepresent11::Yeah. I think we can do that this year though. Those early wins against Miami and Chicago give me some hope.
loubillz718::on marc steins i think we went from top 6 to like 13th and we probly lost one time at the most but i think we havent even lost a game. i dont think we should of went so low on the rankings like that even if we did loose a game. . . .SMH
loubillz718::i think it would neva change unless we hold it for most of the season
ATLrepresent11::I think it's partly cause of our history of inconsistent play. But if the Hawks keep winning like they should, then hopefully the opinion will change.
PortlandBlazers1004::Am I the only one that feels like 30 for 30 needs to do a special on the Blazers. About like the Jail Blazers era. Or bad luck?
loubillz718::i'm a big t-mac fan im not going to lie. no one should talk about what he did today. obviously he's not the old one but when he's on the floor the game changes he doesnt have to score a single point for the team to do what they want. i honestly want him to score more but he's takin the game how he sees it and cares less about himself. if he's passing the ball the team will have positive possesion 9 out of ten. and i want him to start but im pretty sure if he even showed he was close to his old self they still wouldnt give him a chance to start even if he only played 28-30 minutes. lets go t-mac and lets go hawks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
matrixmaster7000::He did his part by poking Batum in the eye and knocking him out of the game
kpinman::best NBA blog http://www.drivebaseline.com
KingGeorge53::Good win for the Hawks.
kent432::This has been the way it is for Trailblazer fans for years. From the championship to today! From almost having Jordan &amp; Malone to the 10 min. let-down in LA! So go blazer GO!!
loubillz718::bro they cant GO!! tonight sorry
kent432::thanx
58rhodes::losing sucs
58rhodes::huh bro?
kent432::yeah....but wining great!!!!
iAmBatDad::<b>Would you guys want Miller back, he is so old and terrible, and Felton is so good.................NOT!</b>
58rhodes::LOL Blazers
tdawg44446::well, HOW MUCH DID MILLER DO TODAY???!  wait, 28 points... 10 assists... 8 rebounds....  f uck!
58rhodes::Thank B Roy for that
tdawg44446::After minutes of exhaustive theories, it's clear to me now that Portland lost because Atlanta scored more points than them.
esco7277::Failblazers come out and playyyyyyyyy!
58rhodes::We cant because we hab boo boos
rr21793::If Al Horford was in there, there is an 86% chance that this game would have ended POR 91 - ATL 94, according to "whatstheinjuryfactor.com" it works for all sports. it takes into account the teams momentum and how well they have played in the past with the injured player. neat stuff
esco7277::Where are my fellow Failblazers Ha! Ha! Ha!
LightingDucks::esco7277 stop hatein on the Blazers your just hatein to hate right now so im gonna say F$CK that noise and get a F$&amp;king life
58rhodes::they seem to leave after a loss?
58rhodes::Im not
tdawg44446::So does every fan that loses... It's a common practice at ESPN message boards, don't sound so concerned.
Dadsterbug::Typical Blazers loss...outshoot the other team from the field...get outshot from the free throw line.  Typical home cookin!  ;-)
xetxhotboyx24::Tmac need to go to lakers
bebopdebs::i was just about to make a tmac post, is it just me or does he play like a $@%!$@%!$@%!$ scientist? i swear hes so intelligent on the court
rromero076::Why don't they play Elliot Williams more
ManDawg69::goodbye!!!    WOOF!
rromero076::I like Matthews for his defense but cant really depend on him for offense.
Esar7::hes starting to remind me of Jerryd Bayless with those shots and not finishing around the rim
PortlandBlazers1004::Bayless was a loose cannon.
PortlandBlazers1004::He started last season off like this too but then picked it up towards the middle of the season.
Esar7::With Batum and Camby this would have been a very different game even if the Hawks had Horford
ATLrepresent11::I saw the word "if" in there. Ergo- doesn't matter. Hawks win.
loubillz718::man,  ya still would of lost, the hawks are not playin with anyone, ask the bulls and the heat
PortlandBlazers1004::They basically run our defense along with Wallace.
PortlandBlazers1004::I miss Roy. He needs to come back and coach our back-court (Felton&amp;Matthews) because they are loosing us games.
xetxhotboyx24::they shoulda got him to teach a few things on the back court too bad hawks we first at it
xetxhotboyx24::they need tmac
ManDawg69::i woof ya brother!!!   WOOF!
rromero076::like I said, who is peeking at the end of the season will be the difference against another team
ATLrepresent11::Peeking? Or peaking? Cause I'm just confused.
58rhodes::who will that be?
ManDawg69::like if you think dogs are better than cats!!!   WOOF!
ManDawg69::mankitty is a sissy cat!! Dawgs are better!!   WOOF!!
PortlandBlazers1004::The Hawks are easily a 3rd seed in the east. When we play to our full potential and people are healthy, I see us as a 4th/5th seed in the west.
loubillz718::props to yo u bro for good sportmanship, everyone please like his status. and i was honestly scared portland would beat us they are very good. but please give credit for the blazers for staying in there.
ManDawg69::mankitty got scared away buy MANDAWG!!!!    WOOF!
