Nimmertoad88::Smart is around at least until the end of the year.  With the team moving until ownership is changed the kings are locked with who they have now.
sonicsarebackjack::its a damn shame that ESPN want help a white brotha out.... they cont to say a word about fredettes production for some reason not being rewarded..... smh....
yorke44::way 2 keep proving my point brooks. solid numbers once again 1 assist and 4 turnovers "coach" smart keep up the good work ur a rotation genius  #free jimmer
Redneck SEC Fan::lindsay hunter - defensive legend, suns - worst defense ever
j_erick11::Ok, Brooks got his shot. IT got his twice. It's Jimmer's turn to give starting a shot. What have you got to lose? You never know, maybe his play this year off the bench is actually as good as it seems and he'll help out.
blakjak1298::Go suns thats the way!
wizneb129::I don't really mind if the King-Sonics are as bad as they can be this year!  Give us a better draft pick next year baby!  I know they have that lottery crap, but still.
0zil::damn come on Sonics get it together
sjabruning::Stop talking about jimmer like he is good. he sucks. it has nothing to do with race, i am white. he is just not good enough for this league, if anything, coach smart should send him to the D-League.
sonicsarebackjack::SJABRUNING ---- u r a complete idiot... i refuse to give u anymore than that... we will just take this game and go off of it... 4 min played... that means the kings had fredette on the floor for 4 min of that game... in that four min, the kings were a plus 7 on the scoreboard.... the remaining 44 min..... get this.... the kings were a -17...... its not rocket science... but i guess it does take an ounce of common sense (which u obviously don't possess) to see that this team plays better when he is on the floor...... so please shut ur mouth...  thanks
danjorams::IT is the most overrated player on this team.  he gets alot of garbage points to boost his stats.  He is a poor passer for a point gaurd and doesn't know how to play team D.  Not just one on one D but team D... you have to be kidding me about the pick and roll D thing.  seriously it takes 2 people to defend the pick and roll and Cousins has to be the worst big man at defending the high screen pick and roll.  i wouldn't blam either of the gaurds.
sjabruning::The thing is... I have watched almost every Kings game this year. Otherwise I wouldnt be on here"blabbing" about it. Because I actually see players like IT cutting off ball screens against great pick and roll teams, something that Jimmer could never do. The next time you watch a game, try to break it down as a coach would. I have been a coach for a long time. It is nothing impossible to break down, but Jimmer has glaring errors and always shows why he gets benched.
ashlynne124::Yeah, everybody but you sees how Smart is jacking Jimmer. Aaron Brooks is better than Jimmer? IT is inconsistent as hell. Come on Man! What you got against Jimmer? Something, because stats don't lie. Get rid of Smart! He's a frickin dunce! Soooo frustrating to watch the Kings. Jimmer's defense is not much worse than the other PG's but Jimmer can shoot. Geez!
FlanHelsinki1::Ok let's be realists here. Is Jimmer deserving of minimum playing time, especially on a team like the kings? Seriously? It seems like you havn't even watched a kings game. You would see his defense game is not much worse than IT's. Watch their next game. Yes, they are a painful group to watch..but..bear with it. Don't just come on here blabbing about how "jimmer sucks". make your case.
Kpmg allstar::How the hell would I know.  I paid to see him in CLT and he was not played.
sjabruning::why do you think he should play more? And you dont always needs stats to see why a guy like him is benched. He has never played defense. Not now not in college. He definitely does not pass the eyes test. The NBA is dominantly a pick in roll offensive game, in which Jimmer is terrible at. And just so you know, the white comment was only because people that argue why he shouldn't play are always considered "racist".
dahojas::Wow. Someone needs to watch Jimmer before talking. He is best when running the pick and roll. He is excellent at splitting the double team and has a knack for hitting the big guy rolling off. (the only points he had last night were off a pick and roll). Moron.
FlanHelsinki1::sjabruning - "Stop talking about jimmer like he is good. he sucks. it has nothing to do with race, i am white. he is just not good enough for this league, if anything, coach smart should send him to the D-League."  "he sucks"...wow what an informative statistical observation... "it has nothing to do with race, I am white"- wow what another useless and uninformative statement. Don't know who is worse at arguments: you or Hillary Clinton testifying about Benghazi
diepacheco::kings 2002 champs agree?
AZwildcatsTucson1::SUNS BABY
Streak4MoreCash::SAC gets Gasol and LAL first round picks (Which will be high)  OKC gets Dwight and Evans  LAL gets Westbrook and Perkins
arizonasting13::the Suns own LA's first rounder if its in the top 14, if not the Cavs own it.
MILBREW318::Jimmer played 4 minutes and had a +/- of +7. #FreeJimmer
Streak4MoreCash::SAC gets Gasol and LAL first round picks (Which will be high)  OKC gets Dwight and Evans  LAL gets Westbrook and Perkins
italiankidad69::2 points 1 assist +7 rating in ONLY 4 MINUTES! #FreeJimmer
MILBREW318::Damn right bro
Shivakamini Somakandarkram Niners::So long Kings.  Enjoy the rain in Seattle.
wizneb129::you mean the reign in Seattle.
tn2ndzn@yahoo.com::They will
IndianaBasketball1993::Trade Jimmer to the Pacers!!!  We will give you DJ Augustin :)
Caps All Day.::Kings. I have a deal for you. I will give you our #1 pick (wizards) and Okafor for Cousins. Take it or leave it.
beng5435::Way to show up Beasley!
ricoeric11::Oh this was bad! Brooks, Thorton and JT have been non factors for awhile now and Smart doesn't seem to care. Tell me how do you not give that group they had on the floor at the end of second half that spotted you a lead, some time in the second half, especially when no other group was effective?
sridhar85::the warriors are playing good ball this season
ChargersFan4Life001::well im out, gn to anybody still here
gw687::IT shoots 20%, gets beat like a red headed step child on D, earns himself 30 min. This team is better with IT on the bench, I'm sorry.
79dannyo::I completely agree.
danjorams::IT is the most overrated player on this team.  he gets alot of garbage points to bust his stats.  He is a poor passer for a point gaurd and doesn't know how to play team D.  Not just one on one D but team D.
arizonasting13::Beasley scored 19? Trade him now!
arizonasportsman::LOL
sridhar85::str8 up for howard
freaky69az::Holy CRAP, the Suns won a road game
ChargersFan4Life001::There was no reason for the kings to even sign Brooks
BYUrepublican::wow, jimmer with four mins
teethmold productions::Keith Smart has nothing to lose, he knows he's a lame duck!
12Seatown::Well Seattle can look forward to this team...
arizonasportsman::No worries as Suns are sure to be looking at another 7 game skid with the next 7 game schedule. All is well.
sridhar85::I still love Nash..... :(
arizonasting13::yay
arizonasting13::sridhar85 - they can beat lakers  that's the only game I hope to win, because it actually helps our draft pick status and would be a slap in the face to Nash.
sridhar85::they can beat lakers
REVRAND2::If I had a gun with 2 bullets and I was in a room with Hitler, Bin Laden, and Coach Smart, I'd shoot Coach Smart twice! -Michael Scott
IndianaBasketball1993::realistically shoot hitler, cuz he would already shoot coach smart (black thing). Then sit down with osama and have a drink cuz hes probably just a made up character so our government could have propaganda
razzledazzletj81::not funny at all - wtf
REVRAND2::You obviously suck?!
REVRAND2::You obviously don't watch the office
Nathan94713::You obviously don't understand it when somebody understands your sarcasm.
arizonasting13::You obviously don't understand sarcasm
arizonasting13::Good choice, the other two are already dead.
arizonasting13::At least the Lakers lost, we need their lotto pick
teethmold productions::Isn't their pick protected?
arizonasting13::nope
sridhar85::yes protected by Mike D'Antoni....
oneandonlybush1::IT vs Jimmer in the past 6 games. Eye popping stats.  IT 21-59 FG (36%) 1-15 3FG (7%, yes you are reading this right 7%!) Minutes per game - About 30  Jimmer 11-24 FG (46%) 5-8 3FG (63%) Minutes per game - About 8 (unfortunately, you are reading this right)  Coach Smart is the dumbest human being alive.
oneandonlybush1::Brooks stats are likely worse than IT's and def worse than Jimmer's, but I cant be bothered to go look them up right now.
ChargersFan4Life001::The problem isnt IT, the problem is Brooks
ChargersFan4Life001::Yeah, but that happens. I agree that Jimmer needs more min also
TrueNum1AllStar::I would start Jimmer over IT anyday, and I like IT
TrueNum1AllStar::Still IT has not played well
ChargersFan4Life001::Hunter &gt; Smart
Nash_Owns_LA::Go Bolts
ChargersFan4Life001::no more norv!
arizonasting13::Dammit, why did we win?
Worldwide Leader in Sports::another solid game by MVP scola.
sridhar85::did howard play for Kings?
ChargersFan4Life001::25 kings turnovers + 9 missed fts + beasley making shots
sridhar85::lakers are working hard for our picks....so take it easy
arizonasting13::we are trying to get a good pick this year, we have no business winning games.
sridhar85::Mike D'Antoni to Kings
teethmold productions::The Lakers can keep him, he's kaka!
Worldwide Leader in Sports::how many more games would the kings have won if jimmer played 48 minutes every night?
ChargersFan4Life001::The Starters shot horribly. Smart you suck
ChargersFan4Life001::GG Suns fans, horrible to have 25 turnovers.
teethmold productions::Nate McMillian as coach??
TrueNum1AllStar::I like that pick too, too bad Gary Payton wouldn't coach, Like him
teethmold productions::Haha that would be too funny of a coaching staff
TrueNum1AllStar::Lol, maybe we should get Barkley as Assistant coach with that, order up a can of whoop $@%
teethmold productions::Gary Payton would get ejected every game, with all the trash talk with the refs! haha
REVRAND2::Jimmer scored 22 points last time the kings played the suns and tonight he basically gets a DNP! WHAT A DAMN JOKE!
TrueNum1AllStar::I grew up in Washington state and was a huge Sonics fan, so I am glad the Kings will be getting new ownership and coaching staff.  If it is true that it might be Phil Jackson that's even better.  Phil always had someone like Jimmer on his teams, think Steve Kerr, only Jimmer is a better passer and can get to the hoop.  Can't wait for next season.  Smart cya!  You are a JOKE!
nlwhittle::45% 3 pt for Kerr, but jimmer is a better player.
sonicsarebackjack::he may not be the 3 shooter... but he is a hell of a lot better as a basketball player than kerr
TrueNum1AllStar::Jimmer will be 45% or better for his whole career
teethmold productions::Kerr was a beast!
sonicsarebackjack::no way phil coaches this train wreck
TrueNum1AllStar::Maybe not, but ESPN reported it as a rumor, might be possible
teethmold productions::Phil is too smart for that!
Worldwide Leader in Sports::jimmer is not the three  point shooter kerr was.
Jim7419::Get serious. Jimmer can create his own shot. Kerr was good at h-o-r-s-e.
TrueNum1AllStar::He's better
pismohoops::Please fire coach Smart!!!!!
oneandonlybush1::at 1-1 linsey hunter already has a muuuuch better winning percentage than keith smart, lol.
Italics87::Smart is literally the dumbest basketball coach I've seen at any level of play, including high school.
Worldwide Leader in Sports::the maloofs are broke. their businesses are in shambles. all they have left of value are the kings. they are bailing out like a lot of other organizations.
PeytonManningFourHead::Kings will always suck just like the Oakland Raiders.   New ownership, free agents, etc., same garbage franchise.   Have fun losing Seattle lol
TonySonnn::is lindsey hunter the head coach of  the suns now?
stvcoug::5 days ago
TonySonnn::when did gentry get fired?
Je5teR777::nah, Gentry was in the locker room taking a nap.
REVRAND2::Jimmer scored 22 points last time the kings played the suns and tonight he basically gets a DNP! WHAT A DAMN JOKE!
sonicsarebackjack::no in four min with him on the floor the kings were plus 7...
teethmold productions::The only players I really like on this team is Isaiah Thomas, Thomas Robinson and DeMarcus Cousins! They can get rid of everyone else, before they  come to the 206.
sonicsarebackjack::meanwhile cousins is a class act... hope u dont have a little boy to explain to why daddy is a fan of BOOGIE cousins
teethmold productions::This is going to sound funny, but sometimes you need a roughneck on the team!
sonicsarebackjack::if jimmer were black u would love him
teethmold productions::Trade him to Utah!
Je5teR777::Solid win, but the Suns will get demolished by the Clippers tomorrow, if they manage to beat the clips, it's going to be quite the story...
sridhar85::JC and BG will light them up.....+ return of Grant Hill
Worldwide Leader in Sports::maybe no CP will help.
