BrutusDAFL::If I won a Championship I'm not trading or releasing ANYONE on my team the next year. I don't care who you are. I don't care if you never a played ONE singIe game I dont give a damn you are the Janitor or the dude that washes the teams Uniforms YOU ARE NOT GOING ANYWHERE!  I don't understand why the Mavs organization broke up a team that won a Championship It doesn't make sense. Tyson chandler was the main reason Lebron and Wade couldn't take the ball inside and you got rid of him. JJ Barea (I probably spelled his name wrong) ran all over that Miami defense they had no answer for him, but you TRADED HIM! Stevenson GONE. Now look at you. . . .Shame.
Knut6345::Because if they had hold all the Players, this Team would cost 100 Mio! Last year it cost 91... All 4 players wanted long term contracts and Dallas simply couldnt give it to them!  This year the only goal is to come as far as you can get, so that you can rebuild your team next year! Without the other expensive Contracts of Kidd (8,5 Mio), Terry (11,5 Mio), Odom (8,9 Mio) and probably  taking the Amnesty with Haywood (7,5 Mio), Dallas has enough cap to sighn Williams AND Howard! Think over it... what a Team would that be?
softballguy18::Dallas needs to grow a set down low.  Josh Smith wants out of Atlanta; Time to see if the Hawks are taking offers. He's a guy who can make some noise, especially if Dallas goes on do get D-Will this offseason.   The contracts of Kidd and Terry are up at the end of this year. Take one of them, Odom, and a draft pick and go from there.
lbdude562::Back 2 back rings 4 Dallas??Only the lakers seem 2 do that
89dmart::I seriously cannot believe my freaking eyes. ESPN has not posted an article about Lamar Odom in 2 WHOLE DAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
softballguy18::They will once Dallas trades him within a week. haha
Knut6345::Very very interesting Fakt: Dallas without Dirk: 3 W vs. 1 L Dallas without Kidd: 7 W vs. 3 L Dallas without Odom: 0 W vs. 5 L  Dallas without West: 5 W vs. 7 L  I Think this is saying a lot... specialy cause 4 of 5 losses without Odom were during the last 10 Games. So they were without West too! This Team can play without Dirk! Then everybody else is stepping up a bit!  At the Momennt they all rely on Dirk!  Everybody seems to give 10% less while thinking: "Dirk will do it, he allways does"! It's looking like this team is playing even better without Kidd! He has lost a lot of his ability to defend and his playmaking became worse too!   BUT like you see, this Team CAN'T play without the perimeter D of West, his ability to lead the Game AND score while Kidd is on the Bench! So he is more or less a combined Stevenson/Barea! This Year the Dallas Season will rise or fall with West's performances! He's doing all the little things! Leading the offence when Kidd gets a rest! He's scoring while attacking the Rim AND gets the other players involved! So everybody gets easier opportunitys to score! He's helping Marion to defend the best opponent Players on the perimeter! So he has more energy for the offence too and the opponent can't score as easy as the do at the moment! The list goes on an on! So there is just one more thing to say:  WEST, PLEASE COME BACK SOON!!!!!
89dmart::West is a huge factor I agree. But to say this team can win without Dirk and Kidd...is a little outlandish.
Knut6345::They can win NORMAL LEAGUE GAMES without Dirk or Kidd!  Games where the opponent cant realy prepare for the game!  Where the opponent played a complete other team the night before!  Maybe I wasn't realy clear... in a Playoff Game they need Dirk more then everybody else and without a healthy Kidd they have no chance either! But now, with Back-To-Backs all the time they desperately need West to relieve Marion on the perimeter Defence and to take pressure off the 39 years old Kidd, who isnt able to run the floor as hard as he needs to every day! West is probably in his prime and he is the X Factor every good Team needs! Specialy an old one in this shorted season!  At this Moment... we do not have this X... and like you see, we are not a good Team, just average!
World Champs t y Dirk::This team cant play without Dirk.  If you dont realize what he brings to the table you dont watch Mavs ball.  With that being said, we are seriously struggling without West.  Now we are stuck waiting and hoping for D. Howard.  Hopefully not a pipe dream
Knut6345::I'm german... so I know how importatnd Dirk is! Hell he's the only reason why I became a Mavs fan in the first place! ;)  So yes, he is the most important player and will be in the Playoffs! BUT this team, during "normal Season Games", with all the NEW Veterans who know how to score and play the Ball, can win without him!! Something they could not realy do last year!  (2 W 8 L without him???) During that 4 Game period verybody played better! Odom had 3 10+ Games, Mahinmi was eminent, West scored a lot, Beaubois, Terry, Carter... every game someone was stepping up! Something they do not do at the moment!
Oaktown1029::A few years ago Dallas/Pheonix would be the best games - Dirk v. Nash - incredible stuff.
89dmart::Well it was still a pretty good game last night.
schrandt::lol Dirks FT attempts last 5 games...0,3, and 2 in the 3 Losses and 12,10 in wins  hmm
AZwildcatz4life::hahahahah Dallas sucks!!!
thel1195::its getting hard to watch.  Another 3rd quater meltdown. They get behind and just starting chucking balls at the basket from the concession stands.  "Drive the lane!"  I must have yelled that 20 times last night.  Dallas just looked disorganized in the 2nd half - like they didn't know who was on the floor. And this is the first of 3 games in 3 cities?  They won't be in playoff contention at the end of this run.
dateng_pinoy::THe momentum changed when the refs called two $@%!$@%! 3-second calls.... $@%!$.
mwmnine::Yes, the Mavs should complain. Dirk flies into Gortat who makes a layup - offensive foul. Carter plays great defense in the key by getting a great steal (by mauling his opponents arms). The Suns air ball it out of bounds (oh wait, the shot was tipped and should have been be Suns ball). Even then the Suns leave the door open by missing free thrown, and the Mavs still can't finish.
Bexindy55::Whiny spoiled Mavs fans complaining about the refs.  What a surprise.  Cuban sets a great example of class.  Enjoy your little championship run last year because it isn't happening anytime in the near future.
RidirkulousPokes::Still mad we won it? World champs $@%!$
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Well said Bexindy55.
42philip::1 is better than none
GBM04::Defend the 3 point line and you can beat the Mavs.Thats all they know how to do.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Live by the 3, die by the 3.
42philip::When the mavs played the Thunder the thunder shot more 3s and more out of the paint. Just saying
PhilMNAP::There is something seriously wrong with this Mavs team THIS YEAR. You have 2 shots to win to win the game and neither goes to Dirk? Instead you let a player shoot that I've never heard of. Wierd.
AZwildcatz4life::he was being locked down by grant hill.... did you even watch the game??? smh at stupid fans
schrandt::Roddy B had two good looks and one was from 4ft out and went in and out...Can't go to Dirk when he's getting double teamed and not going to the freethrow line
hawaiianhonky::Don't the refs know the Mavs are the defending champs?  Dirk needs to shoot 40 free throws in games like this, he was getting fouled all night.    Love,  Jason Kidd and the entire Mavs fanbase
RidirkulousPokes::Mediocre? Hahah the only team with the lakers to make the playoffs 11straight years. Still Hirt the Mavs damn near swept your thunder. Your team will lose in the playoffs...to us....again.  Thunder and Durant 0 championships.  Dirk- 1 championship. He single handedly knocked the thunder out
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Defending really, if this is what you call defending. Then I would hate to see what you call not defending. Dirk just not clutch anymore, he would have been the one to take last shot last season and before. He's  scared now, to worried about what they will say if he misses them last second shots to win or tie. Mavs are just a middle of the pack team like they have been for the last 15 years. Back to doing what they do best, being a mediocre team.
AndrusROY82::This is our first year in many to play at this level. You act like this is the norm. This clown
richardduckworth::odom's fault
stl24lakers::MAVS=1 hit wonders
AndrusROY82::We do thankyou for laying down in the playoffs.
Baron Harkonnen::Grant Hill playing 36 minutes at age 39 ..... man I sure would have lost that bet 10 years ago.
RonTuna::THE LOWLY MAVS TAKE ANOTHER DUMP.....LMAO
LSD_hookem::Made some coin off of sorry Mavs! Thanks boys!   Are terry and coach having a spat?
RollThunder35::Greatness breeds hate.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Actually we don't hate the fakers just their fan base. Why because it's just a bandwagon fair weather fan base, that makes all reall sports fans look bad. That's why has nothing to do with titles, heck Boston has the most and we like them. So your reason is wrong rontuna.
AndrusROY82::He will claim he was a Sonics fan.
schrandt::A guy named ThunderOwnTheWest talking about bandwagon fans...
42philip::No one likes Boston....gross
RonTuna::RIGHT....16 TIME WORLD CHAMPION LAKER FANS KNOW THAT WELL
ACandOJ::Why are the Mavs so God awful this year?? Do they not know how to handle winning a title or are they still drunk??
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Mavs last season title is nothing more then proof that even a blind and dumb squirrel can find a nut. One hit wonder, I'll bet they will not get another for 15-20 years or longer.
Okiecane75::I think they are old and shot.  Can't handle the shortened season.  Time to blow it up Mavs, get some young talent in there.
LSD_hookem::They think they ARE entitled
workman47::It's scary to think what Grant Hill may have accomplished in the league if he hadn't injured his ankle. I'm not sure we would've been ready for it.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::To bad Hill never got put on a team that is a contender year after year. Not just a contender for a year, then  not for 5 years. He needs to ask for a trade like nash to teams that have a chance at a title the next 2 seasons. If not they will miss out on a ring during their playing careers. They might go on to coach and get one, but not the same as getting it as a player.
Birdmann._.::he kept getting better and better :/
sasmast3r::wait, Amare, isnt it nice to see your old buddy steve have the same record as you? And you have the "all-star" Melo with you!
KentAZ58::As a Suns fan, I have mixed reactions every time they win a game this season (except, of course, when they beat the hated Lakers).  They're a lottery team with little if any chance to make the playoffs, and certainly no chance to contend for a title.  So every win takes them farther away from a top draft pick.   On the other hand, Sarver is such a cheapskate that it probably doesn't matter in the big picture.  What the Suns need is a new owner.   Meanwhile, Dallas continues to struggle.  While they'll almost certainly make the playoffs, they have no chance of repeating.
mwmnine::I totally agree. Sarver screwed the franchise by being penny smart and pound foolish and missed the boat on getting value for Nash - and giving Nash a shot at a title. I like Gentry as a coach, but otherwise every Suns personnel move has looked just idiotic (your GM happens to keep picking up over-rated guys he has former ties to as an agent - and you are okay with that? And please, keep selling those first round draft picks.). I am glad I live in Utah, at least I can follow two teams, and the one here actually understands that rebuilding with youth is better than being mired in mediocrity.
KentuckyBLUEownsU::Mavericks really suck
RonTuna::MAVS AREN'T EVEN A DECENT ONE HIT WONDER....THEY REALLY SUCK
SKYD1DDY::that is a biased unrealistic statement, do your research and analyze before saying something like that.
AndrusROY82::Blazers....HA
TregoBlazer::that is why they are one loss from falling out of playoffs...they are a $@%! team too old to contend. do your research before you shove your nose up dirks $@%
_MagiCanes_::Miss one of my favorite Magic players...Marcin "the Polish Hammer" Gortat!
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::That will be magic second most stupid mistake after they don't trade D12 next week and still bounce out. They should have keep gortat he's  just getting better.
Jonathan2819::Kidd wants respect, play like defending champions then....
Okiecane75::This is not the same team that won the title.  They made a huge mistake getting rid of Chandler, now they are just old, slow, and not able to handle the shortened season.  Time to blow it up Cuban.
AndrusROY82::You will see Cubans plan next year. We knew this going into the season.
RonTuna::DEFENDING FLUKES MORE LIKE IT
TregoBlazer::respect is earned not given. you have a 500 record does not matter what you did last year. yeah they beat the heat and lakers. LAST SEASON this season they lose to the lowly lottery bound suns. no respect is just given
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::That's why no one looks at them as champs.
LSD_hookem::No
tennesseejam80::They swept the Lakers, whipped the Thunder and then upset the Heat... To me, that was impressive and they are "champs" if i have ever seen a damn champ... I'm not a Mavs fan, but they are defending champs.. Respect that
NBA_refs_are_weak::lmao where does vince think he is taking 21 shots
Birdmann._.::bro thats dunk champion vince carter
Birdmann._.::lol
tennesseejam80::P.S.  the guy asked "where" does he think he is, instead of "who" so i answered his question of where lol... Vince trying to bring back Vince-sanity lol
tennesseejam80::exactly... and thats when he was shooting 20 plus shots per game lol  He needs to take 10 shots a game now
tennesseejam80::Toronto year 2000
Sixers1234567::The Mavs are looking like a 1st round exit this year. The loss of Tyson Chandler, J.J Barea, and  DeShawn Stevenson are gonna be way to hard to overcome.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Yep, and Odim blows.  He's  to much of a girl.
tennesseejam80::Odom?  jackwagon!
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::The look on his face was the best, he thought it was a dream or something.
tennesseejam80::Yea that was the best part.... Bet his face woulda been even more shocked if he knew he was on camera at the time lol
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::^lmao that was a good one.
tennesseejam80::Yeah, gay jokes are funny even though im for gay rights even though i'm not gay myself... I think he just messed up... lol.... i dont think he is bi or gay, and if he is then thats fine too... That was a funny clip either way
tennesseejam80::I guess when u are like 7 foot tall, it takes a while for the feeling in your leg to reach your brain... After about 3 seconds of rubbing his teammate, and his brain not receiving the "feeling" was when he finally realized he was bi-sexual.
Birdmann._.::hahaha
FoRk_GoRiLLa_ReDbiRd_DbAcK::This is "fork"  Jst got back from PHX SUNS game! Told ya I sniffed a win!!
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Lmao! Kobe got him a hand full of man rear, he be raping them on the court to.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Lmao, Mavs drop another, sorry j.kidd your Mavs don't get to belong to the list of teams that won all 3 back-back-back. How's  7th feel. Lmao!
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::^ lmao.
nicholasduke23::you use "lmao" too much man.
houstonygp007::I'll still be happy with 2 out of 3.
swaggamento916::bad loss mavs your much better than this team much better
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::That not true, Mavs are 3-7 in their last 10, suns are 6-4. Looks like Mavs suck, they lost to nets and hornets all in the same week.
tennesseejam80::Mavs are missing Chandler it seems... Odom has been a great player, but he past his prime.. The mavs should be able to make the playoffs, and if so, they will be tough to beat... I'm not a mavs fan, but I know they will give it their best in a 7 game series.. The problem is not slipping out of the playoff picture.. The suns have been playing good and may make a run, even though they would get drilled in the first round
ExpertDeskFan::Final Fantasy we going to the other chi board
PhxSunsOwn13::Im out, Go SUNS!
FoRk_GoRiLLa_ReDbiRd_DbAcK::I just got back from the game! My Gorilla acct got banned thanks to Dallas
ExpertDeskFan::Is that you Issue?
ssilvi84::Thx Phx.  Sincerely,   Wolves fan
Mavsolute_Beast_41::Really? As a Wolves fan you should be concerned that the Suns got another win instead
RapCity26::Grant Hill must have had the under! Why did Nash not want to shoot those freethrows?
PhxSunsOwn13::Chinese basketball looks so fun.
kony is the man::about as fun as getting your dick bitten by a raccoon
houstonygp007::Oh well....On to the next one. Sacramento will be looking for some payback after Dallas beat them by 39 back in January.
cardinals-suns-diamondbacks-sun devils.::I'm out for the night. One last thing to say: Sports junkies rule and news hounds suck.
SmokeTrees773::http://iofbeholder.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/tumblr_ly2cdelUEz1qcgltko1_500.jpg
PhxSunsOwn13::Come back to Phoenix Aaron :(
SmokeTrees773::http://iofbeholder.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/tumblr_lxr54oF19g1qcgltko1_500.jpg
Final Fantasy 5::Be back in a bit
SmokeTrees773::http://iofbeholder.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/tumblr_lxr4nrjxeQ1qcgltko1_500.jpg
kony is the man::lay off the donuts
Final Fantasy 5::schwing
swaggamento916::just like last year mavs dont seem like to much of a threat and the bam they become world champs
superdave300::Funny people didn't see the mavs as a threat last year...if you remove the 2-7 stretch when Dirk was hurt, they had the best win percentage in the NBA.
swaggamento916::if some one would told u the mavs would win a title at the start of last season you would have looked at them like they where crazy
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST82HAHA::Lmao! Last years Mavs are way better, you just clowned on last your team by saying they ate as bad as this years. No Chandler no title. Lmao Mavs will not see the WCF. Promise you that.
nicholasduke23::please stop with all of the "lmao"s for God's sake.
Amaze76er::Keep dreaming buddythe mavs were never in7th place last year...lol
kony is the man::dallas sucks
Final Fantasy 5::Ya
PhxSunsOwn13::I cant wait to get Aaron Brooks back, looked up his numbers and he's balling in China. They are talking about him next on the postgame show.
Amaze76er::He dont wana play for the suns anymore..lol
SmokeTrees773::http://iofbeholder.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/tumblr_ly2hx52fvx1qfnmgdo1_500.jpg
kony is the man::i did not expect that
Final Fantasy 5:::OOO
