DoctorHook201::MIA and NYK should be a great series!
305champsforlife::Lol the knicks
Real Deal Beal::Do The JOHN WALL
charlie42085cha::Teach me how?
4teamplaya::And they're still scared to face Boston in the first round.
bdb198526::lol@ knicks scared to play boston in rd 1 keep on making sh%t up, dweeb
HamSammich0069::9 trips to the playoffs, 8 1st round exits...name that "superstar"
bdb198526::actually he is a superstar, moron get a grip and a life  9 trips to the playoffs, couldnt win a ring, so she joined 2 other superstars and took her ball and went home  name that "superstar"...
B..........::That upsets you huh?
ThomsonAndThomson::LOL So these losers haven't won a division title in almost 2 decades?
knicks_112ndcoming::Losers? LOL  mad much?
kcroyal2011::Not a Knick fan but the NBA is better when they are good, which isnt often. Is nice that the Laker and Celtics suck too but I think the Celtics may give the Knicks trouble in the playoffs. Finals will be OKC vs Maimi
bdb198526::try putting up the $5 u got to your name on that prediction &amp; watch it go to vegas
choate_sedition::The Knicks are a one man team.  One man teams for the most part, are exposed in the playoffs
DoctorHook201::Great analysis.
bdb198526::lol one man team with kidd hitting 3s, shumpert defending, chandler and kmart on defense, novak hitting 3s, jr doing his thing and i can go on and on  u gotta love these dumb idiotic trolls
SumthinLikeAChamp::JET?  Kidd?
knicks_112ndcoming::dirk?
thoughtuknew73::Once again Stephen A Smith &amp;$@/&amp; on NY again
Notta Lespn1::EXTRA EXTRA READ ALL ABOUT IT!  Deng is out so Mellow and the Knickerbockers have a chance to win. However there has been a Jimmy Buckets the Kobe stopper sighting quite recently.
cov369::Melo doin work! get it NYK!!
Notta Lespn1::Since 94'? Mike was still playing. tHUG lIFE vOL. 1 WAS HOT. PUFFEE WAS A NEW JACK. bULLS WWERE IN THE MIDST OF THE DYNASTY ETC.
Jstarks94::U CANT BE A DIE HARD FAN SINCE 2010. Y MUSTVE BEEN A DIE HARD CAVS FAN 04-09
diehard_Heat_2010::Nope, since 2010
Notta Lespn1::CONGRATS THO!  bRING IT ON THE UNITED CENTER WANTS TO SEE WHAT ITS ALL ABOUT
diehard_Heat_2010::Still got the Thug Life CD
Jstarks94::IF THATS THE CASE THEN DALLAS IS STILL THE LAST 82 GAME CHAMPS
Jstarks94::SO BY YOUR LOGIC OY RECENT ACCOMPLISHMENTS COUNT?
Notta Lespn1::NEVER MIND... JUST THINKING BACK
chieftech714::Do we all agree that bringing back stats this playoff run is suicide? our chemistry is perfect now. Just need chandler and kmart to stay healthy.
Nicholas Obert::Gotta be someone who isn't very useful but makes 20 mil a year for multiple seasons  Rudy gay? Josh smith after a team stupidly gives him 4 years 75 mil?
Jstarks94::I LIKE AL HORFORD FOR STAT OR REGGIE RAT FACE EVANS FROM BKN
Nicholas Obert::I keep thinking someone's gonna trade for Amare this offseason, then I remember he's on the books for 14-15 too.
Jstarks94::BRING BACK STAT GAME 4 OF 2ND ROUND
Nicholas Obert::It's dicey.  Suicide is strong.. He could be huge for you guys, and he could help you give up 12 extra points per 100 while only helping get 10 extra points back.  Dicey.. I think you have to do it if he can play. Unfortunately.
Jstarks94::YAL FORGETTING 1 HEAT ADVANTAGE THATS NO LONGER HERE. THE FLOP RULE
bdb198526::for the same reason all u trollish heat fans come in here daily and talk about the knicks
espincmia::Why are so many Knicks fans making comments about the Heat as if the Knicks are about to play the Heat in the Playoffs?   I think the Knicks have to make it out of the FIRST ROUND OF THE PLAYOFFS!  Crawl before you walk....
jjknicks1987::The heat need to get there as well
Jstarks94::I HAVE TO GIVE HEAT CREDIT THOU.......I HAVE NOT SEEN BATTIER RUNNING UP UNDER PEOPLE THIS YEAR
Nicholas Obert::Caused by driving to the basket?
WatergateSwag III::With these refs? They aren't going to call 'em out for it.
diehard_Heat_2010::They adjusted by kicking people in the nuts and by crying to the NBA office about hard fouls.
diehard_Heat_2010::Grats Knicks, I think NYC deserves a better team than they had to live with for years, and that's from a Bulls fan. Sadly, I really don't see anyone beating the Heat in a 7 game series.
Jstarks94::FIRST ROUND: MIA VS MIL. NYK VS ATL. IND VS BOS. CHI VS BKN SECOND ROUND: MIA VS CHI. NYK VS IND.
chieftech714::This might be the most competitive, angry, eastern playoff EVAR. Here's what the match ups look like and tell me there won't be a fight at some point, hockey style  Miami vs Bucks: Heat will win and advance but they will be dinged up in the process. sweet KNICKS vs Celtics: Is that a cool breeze I feel on my face. or the brooms coming out. bos is toast Indiana vs Atlanta: Pacers win this but not easily. Atlanta is going to pick up it's game to take them out NETS vs Bulls: Perhaps the most pugnacious matchup of the first round. I predict a fight here. No question. NETS advance( wishful fan thinking, there I said it.)
bdb198526::SAS, is that u? pugnacious?
Nicholas Obert::It's too bad it's Milwaukee and not DC  DC would get beat by 10 less points per game
Dengue-Fever::What???dinged up in the process...looks like you don't a healthy Heat team huh???..lol..what a joke ..
iShagohod::You're kidding right?? This has the potential to be a very dull eastern playoff year.  Only real worth watching match-ups in the first round are NY/BOS and BK/CHI...  Granger out, Rose out, Celtics beat up.. How is this going to be competitive?
chieftech714::rose has been gone all year and the bulls have been competitive as hell. They are the best defense in the nba overall this year. Just ask the heat. Perhaps the toughest out in the tourney is the pacers. They are still a huge and athletic team. Very hard to handle for the knicks and heat small lineup strategy. Nobody wants to face them in round one. The celts are a laugher.
diehard_Heat_2010::Granger has been out 90% of the season, he is not really a factor. But yes, East is just horrid.
Jstarks94::So the great BOSTON who yal think will beat NYK will somehow keep ATL from losing
Jstarks94::MIA VS MIL NYK VS ATL IND VS BOS CHI VS BKN
Jstarks94::ATL VS NYK ATL HAS A TOUGHER SCHEDULE THAN BOS FROM HERe ON OUT
chieftech714::we will see. this is the current seeding.
Dengue-Fever::We will see how long that hot streak Melo is in will last...Heat RESTING lovely while you guys still chasing the a 2nd seed...pleeease Melo is plushy &amp; soft..when he gets ruffed up he doesn't like it..he's stteling for jumpers..you guys know that..he doesn't drive in..becasue he's SOFT...
cov369::lol this guy again... you quit talking on our old thread, i was having fun with ya
Nicholas Obert::Me. Neither is soft.
chieftech714::he was soft. but since you appear to have missed the last month, melo is on a rampage. shooting, passing, defending and dunking on multiple defenders.  iTS ON BRO. Do not sleep on this team. unless it's a dirt nap
FrequentFlyyerr::Lebron is the softest superstar I've ever seen... Every bit of contact he's grabbing his head or face..  If he falls he's on the ground forever like he just got shot... What happened when the Bulls bullied him a couple games back?
Dengue-Fever::Heloo??..did you read my comment??..because Lebrons takes it to the basket...he has the right to complain..Melo DOESN'T DRIVE IN..
WatergateSwag III::LBJ flops for a living
Jstarks94::EVERY1 THINKS CELTICS WILL GET 7TH. THEY WILL GET 6TH N HAWKS WILL GET 7TH
Dengue-Fever::He's !!uck.ed ...that's the report..lol
Jstarks94::At least he has a legitimate injury unlike Wade  James and AllEN who just need rest to face the BUCKS BULLS and then KNICKS
chieftech714::anybody got an injury report on kmart?
Thetimpanikid16::Sprained ankle X-rays negative
chieftech714::thx god. rest him for a week. and get chandler back...then it's on.
Jstarks94::SAME AS WITH STAT WALLACE CAMBY THOMAS CHANDLER KIDD FELTON ECT THEY KEEP GOIN DOWN AND WE STILL KEEP WINNING
FrequentFlyyerr::I just wanna see Bosh cry again
Zundweebi::I want to see cry babies punching fire extinguishers while gushing blood.
Zundweebi::At least Wade kept on playing.  I hear Indiana Installed 5 extra extinguishers just for the Knicks when they lose.
FrequentFlyyerr::At least he didn't run for a band-aid like DWade
dickiedave4.0::As much as I despise the Knicks, they're playing well at the right time. Let's see if they can break that 13 year playoff drought of not winning a playoff series this year.
chieftech714::it's our divisions, $@%!$@%. ya heard. That said, we can now plot the doom of the miami heat. DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM. or we will be swept in round one due to all of our big man injuries. But I still favor, the DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM discussed previously. :-)
Dengue-Fever::LMAO..you're a joke like your other comrades...
WatergateSwag III::Looks like a Heat fan has been offended.
Dengue-Fever::You're kidding me right??nervous..my dude the Heat resting the TOP players &amp; still winning..idiot
chieftech714::are you a heat fan or a hate fan? or is there no difference. It's our time now. The knicks are so hot, we should be called the heat. And miami should be called 'nervous in fla"
Jstarks94::AFTER 3 TRIES, LEBRICK FINALLY GETS A RING
Dengue-Fever::amazing how you're swning on Lebrons sack instead plush boy Melo..lol..idiot
Dengue-Fever::his comments are all about lebron you idiot..who came to his defense just like captainsaveaho..
FrequentFlyyerr::who's swinging on who's sack your the one who came to his defense just like captainsaveaho
MrRedskin28::Wow, whenever there is a positive ESPN article about the Knicks, the Heat "fans" come a-runnin' over to hate on it.  LOL... Get a life.
Phantom Stranger80::The Heat should have been given a golden asterisk as their championship trophy.
Jstarks94::They're scared because they think that we still have the same exact team from last year and also that we have not beaten them this year by a total of 56 points
Dengue-Fever::Yeah..you guys keep to yourselves..pleeesae..
FrequentFlyyerr::We are... yall played the Bucks last night right? don't they have a board for that?
FrequentFlyyerr::They're scared
FrequentFlyyerr::I agree but dude was asking about the fans... I'm starting to question your loyalty we might have to take a pinky toe
chieftech714::why, the are the champs. and the dominating team in the EAST. But not by much. The knicks have a puncher's chance here. We are best 3 point shooting team in this league right now. And the heat are weak on the perimeter. We need K-mart back. He is the catalyst on the defense.
Dengue-Fever::Afternoon PUTAS!!!!
Jstarks94::BREAKING NEWS............HEAT GIVES RAY ALLEN BACK TO CELTICS SO THEY CAN BEAT KNICKS FOR THE HEAT
dickiedave4.0::triple fail
chieftech714::hehehe..you said celtics..heh he..and beating the knicks..hehehhe...in the same sentence..
espincmia::Double Fail
HamSammich0069::fail.
Jstarks94::Aint it about time for a HEAT INJURY.........MURPHY'S LAW SAYS SO
espincmia::Speaking of Lebron, didn't he take the Cavs to a Finals (Swept by Spurs).....Also, didn't Lebron and the Heat go to the finals in 2011 ( Beat by Mavs ) and I think Lebron and the Heat won (62 game season) championship) in 2012 Lebron's career in the NBA seems to be more successful than the last 20 years of the entire Knicks organization....lol
chanchoso::if the knicks won the championship last year, you wouldn't be talking about a "shortened season." 66 games, many back to back, tons of injuries all over the nba... same length of playoffs. almost seems tougher...
Jstarks94::Jordan NEEEEEEEEVER LOST IN FINALS LEBUMM IS 1/3
Dengue-Fever::Shut boy..&amp; get out of the first round..
espincmia::Lebron aint the Heat homie.  He plays for the Heat and the Heat won a championship in 2006 , I think? Now, I ask again, When was the last time the Knicks made it out of the first round of the playoffs?
smokingstogies305::When was the last time MJ won a 16 game postseason?
Jstarks94::When was last time Lebron won a 82 game championship ring
espincmia::When was the last time the Knicks made it out of the first round of the playoffs?
Jstarks94::IMA MAN &amp; IDK ABOUT OTHER MENS DIGNITY OR MORALES
smokingstogies305::Morales?  Whats my lawn guy got to do with this?
Jstarks94::IJS....MURPHY'S LAW IS A REALITY
HamSammich0069::Id never wish injury on anyone in the NBA, im sure you would though. Typical knicks fan.
Jstarks94::Heat fans wiiiiiiiiiish we still had bibby, baron, jared and jeremy
espincmia::They won the championship last year and have the best record in the NBA this year....I was just rubbing in the other attributes of the city I live in....lol
FrequentFlyyerr::you still have a gay profile pic
dickiedave4.0::That makes no sense whatsoever.
espincmia::Why the hate for Miami?  Just beautiful beaches, beautiful women, boating, fishing, nightlife, beautiful weather etc , etc, etc, ...... lol
smokingstogies305::And the world champion Miami Heat.
FrequentFlyyerr::notice how you didn't mention basketball though get out of here
espincmia::"Heat fans wiiiiiiiiiish we still had bibby, baron, jared and jeremy" Still don't understand this comment.....lol Why would Heat fans wish they had Bibby or Davis etc.....
Jstarks94::IF U WATCHED WHO YOUR HEAT PLAYED AGAINST LAST YEAR THEN U WOULD KNOW THOSE PLAYERS
Jstarks94::CUZ THATS WHO WAS ON OUR TEAM LAST YEAR
Jstarks94::Mike bibby n baron davis were our PGS jared jeffries and jeremy lin were also on the team last yr
espincmia::? What
FrequentFlyyerr::told you Heat fans don't know anybody in the NBA except Lebron&amp;Wade
Nicholas Obert::I got John Wall 4th in my  MVP standings.  Wizards without wall record (4-28) expanded to 82 games:  10-72 Wizards with Wall record: (25-21) expanded to 82 games: 45-37  Hopefully they find a way to keep  Wall, Nene and Beal healthy and add at least 1 competent bench player.  Doubt that happens. They have the worst Injury history of any team since 00 by a mile. It's not even close. Clean house. New GM. New trainers and etc, maybe they can actually utilize their burgeoning superstar.
RO7NY::Which is worse?  A) Arrogant Heat fans that think because they won in 2012 they are guaranteed a championship in 2013.    Or  B) Arrogant Patriots fans who had an undefeated team in the regular season break all types of offensive records, trick them into thinking they couldn't be beaten by the Giants.
smokingstogies305::Delusional
espincmia::Agreed, Last Knicks Championship?  or for that matter, the last time they made it out of the first round of the playoffs? lmao
HamSammich0069::C) Dillusional Knicks Fans.
FrequentFlyyerr::Heat fans so worried about Melo.. better be careful JR heats up just as quick
espincmia::lmao keep dreaming while the knicks "heat up" in garbage time .....  awesome how they go on a streak when the heat are resting players.....lol
Jstarks94::Heat fans wiiiiiiiiiish we still had bibby, baron, jared and jeremy
smokingstogies305::If you think JR is a concern, you don't know basketball. He's good, he's not a difference maker in a 7 game series.
FrequentFlyyerr::You sound dumb lets say he goes for 30 in 3 of those seven games...  that'll make a difference he doesn't have to do it all 7 games he only had 17 last night
theflyeststar::sheed, amare, felton, kidd, etc?
theflyeststar::and iman is starting to heat up, cope is always hot
smokingstogies305::I say the way to beat Melo is to never double him. Force him to beat you and when his shot doesn't fall, the rest of the team will be cold and won't have the stroke when its needed. Melo will have 40 and the Knicks will lose. Watch it unfold..
espincmia::Why the worry for Melo, how many times in this dudes career has he been past the FIRST ROUND OF THE PLAYOFFS!!! Jeez All fluff no substance
HamSammich0069::He wont stay hot forever, esp in a 7 game series where the D is picked up.  9 playoffs, 8 first round exists support my comment.
FrequentFlyyerr::Who's superstar can't guard the knicks superstar at all... bring up the history on that matchup, Melo takes Lebron to school almost everytime they play
HamSammich0069::whos "superstar" has accomplished nothing in the NBA.
FrequentFlyyerr::all im saying is that just because history supports your argument doesn't make you right so why bring it up.. We talking about this year's teams
HamSammich0069::losing in the finals is a little different then only getting out of the 1st round once in 9 trys...id say.
FrequentFlyyerr::you could have said the same thing last year about lebron never getting a ring history would've supported your argument but here we are
theflyeststar::the rest of the team: felton, copeland, jr, iman, novak, sheed, amare, etc all can score
MattRomney::How can the Heat be hotter than the Suns?
Timmys Crossover136::Knicks win the division  "Whens the parade?!?!!"  Knick fans
FrequentFlyyerr::When they win the finals
HamSammich0069::Knicks got Spike Lee, all is good. LOL
RO7NY::Heat win the 2013 NBA Championship!!.... Oh Wait...
strongisland06::Unique. Did you copy and paste?
jtru001::You know if you read the article the Knicks dont even hang banners up for division titles.
srqlegend1::i'm just flagging longley's posts from this point forward
HamSammich0069::^When knicks fans get their feelings hurt.
strongisland06::Don't flatter yourself
srqlegend1::i'm more worried about SA than OKC  stopping durant will be tough, but the thunder don't play defense and they wouldn't be able to stop melo and all of the other knicks shooters  San Antonio is really solid all-around
srqlegend1::heat ain't stopping melo when he's red hot
HamSammich0069::dillusional...melo is beast in the playoffs right? He has never been hot in the regular season either? right?
Craig.T.Longley::why is that even relevant?  you won't see them until you face MIAMI first....
strongisland06::He's speaking hypothetical. Geez a Knicks board and heat fans have to pound their chest.  Yeah we get it, you won the championship last season, and had a 27 game win streak, and the best player on the planet.  Now $@%! off
TylerJosephMLB::As a Suns fan, congratulations to the Knicks for winning the division title.
Craig.T.Longley::Don't cry... I will let you have your pre-postseason glory.
strongisland06::Take notice Heat fans. Don't have to be a $@%!$@ every second.
Timmys Crossover136::We hate you. Whats the big deal.
HamSammich0069::srqlegend1 -did melo always have this all-around ability or did it just finally come to fruition this year?  All around game? He is tied for a career low in assists this year and has had better years rebounding and shooting. Wont make any all defensive teams either. So how has his all around game come to fruition?
jtru001::Look at the hustle he has played with all year and stepping up as a leader on the team asw well.
HamSammich0069::^says the knicks fan that says did you see Melo go for 50!!!!
jtru001::He is a more well rounded player this year. His assist numbers are not up there be a lot of the times the pass he makes turns into an assit for someone else. You gotta watch him play because it looking solely on stats does not tell the whole story.
HamSammich0069::leader and all around ability arent the same.
strongisland06::He's playing the 4 all season. When has a power forward had more then 3 assists a game ever?
HamSammich0069::Melo averages 2.6 assists and marc gasol a center averages over 4, so come up with a better argument.
jtru001::Lebron plays PG more than PF....imo
HamSammich0069::Lebron plays just as much PF.
ZZ_BOTTOM_ONCE_AGAIN::The Knicks won't beat the Heat but will still get to the Finals.
ammizny::It's kind of funny how the Knicks beating the heat 3-1 during the season doesn't matter, but somehow what the Knicks did last year (or even 10 years ago) does.
bdb198526::H2H records in the reg season dont matter, yet when the heat came back from 17 dwn, even if they was behind 1-2 in the seasons eries at the time, u heat idiots were the ones talking crap  reg season dont matter, yet the gals talk about winning 27 in a row
srqlegend1::the point is that you can't discredit regular season success on the basis of one argument, and then validate it when it supports another argument entirely. i'm pretty sure that's called hypocrisy or something.
So_fla305::Whats actaully funnier is fans thinking that a head to head record matter in the reg season....Chicago and Boston all had winning records against Miami in the reg season...How did that work out for them in the playoffs?
ammizny::And Boston took the Heat to 7 games.  I don't think regular season means the Knicks will beat the Heat in the playoffs.  What it means they are capable of beating the Heat in the playoffs.  There's a huge difference there.
jtru001::If DRose didnt get hurt I believe that Chicago would have won last year.
jtru001::just what I was thinking
srqlegend1::if the knicks were to get past the heat in the ECF, what would be their ideal matchup in the finals?
srqlegend1::i'd love to beat duncan in his last finals appearance before retirement  he's single-handily to blame for 1999
strongisland06::Want revenge on the Spurs. As for ideal, no idea. The west is loaded
Jstarks94::WE DONT CARE. WE CAN BEAT ANY BODY AND HAVE SO WITH 3-4 BIG MEN HURT ALL YEAR
srqlegend1::did melo always have this all-around ability or did it just finally come to fruition this year?
Nicholas Obert::Some of those Nuggets rosters were really nice.  People forget Nene was Tyson Chandler level efficient for years
jtru001::I think the talent was always there he just needed to develop and mature I guess.
srqlegend1::he would have been a top 5 player for a lot longer had that not been the case
ammizny::He has, he just actually has a good supporting cast for only the second or third time in his career.
Timmys Crossover136::Since everyone is throwing out meaningless stats how about this one.   Knicks 1-8 vs miami and boston when it matters
bdb198526::yet, where was that great 27in a row team when we beat them 3 of 4. should hav ebeen 4 of 4 knicks felt sorry for yall and gave yall a game. im sure u was running your mouth after the game in these forums after u was down 17  also, out in the 1st rd for a while now heh? i didnt know this year's playoffs started already how long have we been out of the playoffs so far this year?  lol heat "fans". I do use the word fan lightly when i speak of the heat
jjknicks1987::Lol truuuu
Timmys Crossover136::Lol  Yall mad bros???
bdb198526::^shhhh dont tell her that she thinks the playoffs started in 2010
jjknicks1987::Knicks have actually beaten miami more in the playoffs than Mia has beaten them $@%!$@%...The playoffs have been around longer than last yr
bdb198526::how about this stat:  knicks 13 in a row and beat miami 3 of 4  how bout this one: knicks beat heat with all their guys by 20 on their home court w/o melo which one do u like better, troll?
Craig.T.Longley::COOL 13 in a row &lt; 27 in a row.    and that game with out melo you speak of was a LONG time ago.  not the playoffs where you guys have been out in the first round for a while now
strongisland06::Using last season as an argument? You're better then that
ammizny::strongisland06 - Using last season as an argument? You're better then that  I don't think so.
Craig.T.Longley::And if he does it will be with 3 Rings in his pockets.. how many your knickerbockers gonna have?
bdb198526::^yet, the regular season dont matter according to u heat fans seriously, u gals contradict your selves so damnmuch it isnt funny  i thought the reg season dont matter when knicks fans bring up 3 of 4 but now, here uis the moron talking about regular season
Craig.T.Longley::oh i am just here to stir up the pot.  Got to make things interesting considering that the EC playoffs will be a drag, bore, wash, already decided, etc
bdb198526::and yet, even after all that, ur still in a forum of a team that has 0 rings to wade's 3 in that time span  u heat "fans" and slurpers are jokes once again
srqlegend1::how many more years does wade have playing at his current level
strongisland06::Heat fans- 5 years
Jstarks94::IN 2014  WADE WILL BE 33 and BOSH 31 KYRIE AND WAITERS WILL BE 23 and 21 LEBRONS GONNA GO BACK HOME
argenis fradique::or they will join Lebron in Miami. I'll take my chances with Pat Riley
bdb198526::why on earth would any cleveland fan want lebron back after what he did to them? they have a decent young team do ya sh%t w/o lebrick  she took her talents elsewhere, dissed u guys on natl tv. would u want an ex back after she left u for some other guy only to find out later that u put it down better than that other guy so now she wants back what she had?
strongisland06::I think once his contract expires he will go back to Cleveland.
Craig.T.Longley::JStarks is not even 20 years old and wasn't alive the last time the Knicks won their Division
Jstarks94::I grew up in the "safe to play outside" era
Jstarks94::1994 is starks best year
Craig.T.Longley::dude be honest with yourself,  stop lying.  The knicks are a Great team.  Miami is just better.  And will prove it to you in Spades come the ECF should the Knicks make it that far.
Craig.T.Longley::well you shouldn't use 94 as your number making it seem like that was win you were born.....
Jstarks94::5/19/81 Toledo ohio  I grew up on Al bundy, wonder years. Ultimate warrior. The rockers. Jake snake. Barry sanders. TOO SHORT. MC BREED. RAKIM. BRITISH KNIGHTS. TROOP JACKETS
bdb198526::i always find it funny when ppl like their own post are u all such losers to put your own like on your post to make it look like others posters like what ur posting?  guys leave posts and in less than 1 second when the post arrives in the forum, the like comes try not making it so obvious next time. try waiting 10 seconds b4 putting the like
bdb198526::^who was mad girl? i made a comment, same way u leave 10000 comments on knicks forums daily because ur a moron who has no life  try spending 2 secs daily in those laughable heat forums, girl
Timmys Crossover136::So your mad over mouse clicks basically? knick fans lol....
argenis fradique::Thank You God! The people have been judged no more self likees or this guy is going to lose it!!
