Greg Bosgraaf::Good game Dallas, you guys are much improved indeed. As a supposed inside team we cannot lose the ft battle by almost 20 more fts. Too sloppy and bad defense so far, but we are only 3 games in. Let's get win one on Monday back in Memphis!
Hayden Williams::Go Grizz! This will another dog fight. Dallas like Detroit is a much improved team from last year.
Memphis Tenn::Let's Go Grizzlies!!!!
Greg Bosgraaf::I think the X factor in this game is Monta. If he is just chucking up shots than we should be alright. If he is a bit more selective with them and has a big night still, it could be a rough one following a tough night at home. Go Grizz!
Pratik Dash::Shawn Marion replies, "Who is your X-Factor?!"
Asher Harlow::LETS GO MAVS.
Brian Hanie::I beleive the keys to the entire season has nothing to do with Dirk, Ellis, or Calderon as much of the attention will be given.    I would like to think that the MAVS three will be solid in most games.  I am, however, feeling that there is a strond dependence on the secondary front such as Dalbert, Marion, etc.  e  if those guys will step up selectively to have good games this will be a tough out in the playoffs.   Contrary to popular opinion, this team needs a Desean Stevenson type of defender
Terry Melvin::Dirk Nowitzki, Vince Carter, Shawn Marion..The Mavs aren't an NBA team, they're an old-folks home!
Justin Capetola::Dejuan Blair is a nice addition for the Mavs, good to see him getting minutes again after he was in Pops doghouse in San Antonio
Rolando Mercado::i can handle monta's low shooting percentage as long as he attacks and gets to the line.
Frannard Acklin::Wow..the Mavs are horrible...up 48-28 and u let a team close the gap to 48-43...
Joey Daly::troll
Brad Lobdell::A win is a win troll
Vernon Bates::46 free attempts from a jump shot team?  Something smells fishy.
Mike Zacharias::Gal Mekel!!!
Greg Bosgraaf::These turnovers need to stop, it's hard to win when you are a team like the Grizzlies when you turn the ball over this often.
