soxfan911ba::if scal hit that shot.. i might have cried
GridIronMaidens::Brewer playing like a stud....dude is quickly becoming my second fav player on the team love his style
EliteCapper::Go Heat!
NBAOverseer::The Heat have nothing to do with Grizzlies vs Bulls, junior.
GridIronMaidens::Yeah, it's a cold day in Chicago :)
lctngo0227::I'm seeing something different this year from the Bulls. They are playing like they are hungry. Hungry for the playoffs, hungry on defense and hungry on offense. This could be the spark Bulls been missing.
glomane::you can't tell who is hungry i know i hungry right now
kevin77732::dailysports77.wordpress.com read it
glomane::i hate the lockout took place it messed up everyone's chemistry
jhn75377::I'm glad that the Bulls didnt trade Taj for Mayo.....
1529sandy::Nice to see the Team step up when Rose had a quiet game. Talk about beating a team your supposed to beat. Hawks a little better so we need to see Rose running with it
miketatham34::Rose didn't have a quiet game.  He only played 26 minutes because he and the rest of the starters blew Memphis out.  He sat from the 5 minute mark of the 3rd quarter and all of the 4th.  If that would have been a close game Rose would have easily scored in the 20's with double digit assists.
miketatham34::Oh and Lebron would have stayed in to pad his stats.
surfzone365::That, my friends, was a true butt-stompin...Now, time to focus on the Hawks
FewL4no1::Asik and Destroy!  Btw, does anyone know CJ Watson's injury status?
lctngo0227::He extended his elbow like Rondo did v the Heat last year's playoffs. He should be fine well it depends on his body.
surfzone365::I believe CJ is due for an MRI today.  We'll see how that goes.
superpieman802::look at all the heat fans that are on here,  not a one of them has been a fan since before 2010 but now they are trying to pretend they are diehard heat fans.  thats cute.
iTzDiRkFoR3::Dang this was a nail biter.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Huge win for Bulls. Bulls went through em like it was only an hour practice. This team is gonna be great.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::So LeBron is the best PG, SG and SF in the league (and best PF in the Eastern Conference).  Michael Jordan was only the best SG in the league at any given time.  This is one of several reasons why I think LeBron is a better <i>pure basketball player</i> than Michael Jordan - though obviously he hasn't won more games - yet.
killer912333::If James was playing in the late 80's early 90's he would have maybe averaged 10 ppg.  The fouls he gets now in the NBA are so weak someone lays a finger on him and he gets draws a foul people need to watch some games from back in that time.  Jordan would get thrown to the ground and no foul was called...NBA now is beyound weak compared to that time.  Wade and Lebron would get to the line maybe 5 to 7 time a game combined if they played back then.
bs20kj34::i love how heat fans come onto bulls comment boards and talk like this. WHERE ARE YOUR RINGS
obviousmon::Actually your premise is wrong.  Jordan played point guard in the 88-89 season and averaged nearly 10 apg when he played there.  During the second 3peat Jordan often played the center position in the offense, and the defense was based on shifting match-ups so that he was often guarding the sf.
drinkinkoolaid::PLUS, Jordan was a man amongst boys in the playoffs.  THat's where he cemented his legacy.  At this point, i dont know if James will ever reach that level of success.
superpieman802::your clearly wrong but thats ok because you obviously know nothing about basketball
ACUDA316::Obviously you weren't around to watch Jordan play because anybody who was would disagree with you. Jordan was the most dominant player at any given moment he chose to. He was the kind of player that if he was criticized, he would immediately prove them wrong. One of the most clutch performers to ever play the game. A pure winner. If Jordan dedicated himself he could have scored 100 a night. So don't give me that garbage that Lebron is the better player. His resume has nothing on it
vatoking847::MJ anyday
Shoot the J. Shoot it.::Well If Lebron had balls or a heart he would've won a ring by now. Lucky for him he can play Robin while Wade takes the last shot.
Oxfordian Theory::No matter how many last shots Wade makes this year, he will still not have equaled the amount of last shots LeBron has already made in his career.  But Wade gets that privilege because he has seniority.  It's just a delicate ego balance Spoelstra has to try and achieve.  LeBron carries the team and leads them in scoring, assists and steals - Wade leads the team in nothing but is asked to take the last shot if it comes to that (about 3 or 4 times a year).  In this way all egos are satisfied.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::• If LeBron was a dedicated Point Guard he would average 15 assists a game. • If LeBron was a dedicated Shooting Guard he would average 40 points a game. • If LeBron was a dedicated hybrid he would averaged 30 and 7 as a Small Forward, which is exactly what he does.
superpieman802::call me when lebron has even 1 title and has scored over 3000 points in a season
Shoot the J. Shoot it.::Never seen a team play with that much cohesiveness when they had the ball. Not to mention the defense was stifeling.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::D BLOWS  IM OUT
mgnfcnt2K::Thanks
TheBlackGreenLantern::Get off the Heat fans nuts...
senor boogie woogie::I read today that Dennis Rodman wants to start a woman's topless basketball league. Wholesome family entertainment to be sure.
senor boogie woogie::Besides Dennis would get arrested in Memphis for having an obscene face.
senor boogie woogie::They can't play in Memphis because the city has a draconian enforcement on $@%!$@ businesses. They must wear pasties and no alcohol.
Chicagocold312::You're gonna find Heat fan trolls on their message board when they start.
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::If you Heat fans don't care about the Bulls what are you doing here at this time of morning? Please answer. If that isn't a definition of a hater.......
bs20kj34::where are miamis rings at? enjoy your 2010 ECF championship! yawn
Chicagocold312::More special than yours, look it up.
antistratfordian::go to the clippers page, go to the lakers page, go to the dallas page, go to the heat page, go look at the comments on other articles... im on all of those at the same time, bruh.  just cruising.
antistratfordian::lol.  awe... you thought your little team was special...
Chicagocold312::then you cruise too much.
Chicagocold312::that's the definition of TROLL, not hater.
Chicagocold312::Yo i see that the Heat fans do more worrying about the Bulls than we do about them, and a whole lotta Heat fan and team ego strokin', that's what info i gathered from being on their page. whenever the Bulls play them i'm circling the date.
antistratfordian::we could care less about the bulls.  the only team any heat fan cares about is who we face in the finals.  i'm just here cause i'm bored.  i'm on several different pages at the same time.  you're not special, bro.
Chicagocold312::I would go for your excuse but it happens too much from the bandwagon Heat fan trolls so save the rhetoric, we see how you guys operate. and you have a bad rep because of it.
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::What should I do?.....Lebron James technique
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::What should I do&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::@Chicagocold. It's because the Bulls are turning into the new Dallas Cowboys of the NBA. Everyone loves to hate them. Little do they know they are actually increasing their popularity by hating so much
rd1101::I vote sports fans and players accusing anyone who doesn't root for their team as 'haters' or 'hating' the most annoying development in Sports.  Ever.
antistratfordian::Nobody loves to hate the Bulls.  Nobody cares about the Bulls.  They're uninteresting.  Their star player is a bore.  There's a big difference.
stellablue2131::Right... D. Rose is a bore.  Whatever dude.
senor boogie woogie::The Grizzlies are the Kansas City Chiefs then. Mediocre, kind of there for others to beat, sometimes surprising, wont win a championship for a 1000 years.
senor boogie woogie::Also, we Memphians hate derrick Rose more than anyone on this Planet.
senor boogie woogie::Mermphis has always been a "hard luck" town where most everything seems to go to sh*t and the city just can't turn the corner. University of Memphis basketball is actually more important to the city than the NBA team. They can't seem to ever get the brass ring or get close to it. They finally sign a ringer (Rose), and had to cheat to keep him.   Like I said, it is just as well that they lost the championship, because it would have been taken back by the NCAA. It sucks for the other 40 or so kids (or how many make up a basketball team) to lose their conference rings, their records and whatnot because of a crooked coach and a greasy player who should not have been there in the first place (should have spent that year in the NBA Development leauge or should have been made available after high school.  (sorry for the long posts!)
Chicagocold312::Yo i would blame coach Cal for all of that, didn't the University of memphis board know that Calipari pulled some shady stuff at Umass, but they hired him anyway?
senor boogie woogie::He played for the University of Memphis for one year and then left for the NBA. Rose basically told the University this, I am only here one year. I am your best shot for a championship. Academics be damned. (probably took 12 hours fall semester of basic knowledge classes.)  The problem was that he more or less cheated on his enterence exam to get into Memphis by the crooked coach John Calipari.  Memphis almost won the National Championship that year but lost in the final game. Just as well. When the NCAA found out about these shenanigans with Rise, Calipari and the University, the conference championship and the 30 plus game season was vacated. Rose went on to the NBA (what does he care.), Calipari jumped ship for Kentucky and the fans and the players are now holding the bag. Sort of like that football player from USC that caused all that trouble and vacated championships.
Chicagocold312::Yo doesn't every marquee player do the 1 and done thing? don't hold Derrick to such high standards.
Chicagocold312::for what?
rd1101::I'm guessing some combination of 1 and done... a Final Four season being vacated because Rose cheated on his SAT's and (if they are truly bitter) missing a free throw near the end of the NCAA champ game that they ultimately lost in OT.
senor boogie woogie::I am from Memphis and thought the grizzlies would be good this year. Oh well.
dancedance65::I sure hope they can improve before too long. They had the best season in team history last year by hustling on defense, pounding the ball inside, and crashing the boards. This year they take plays off, take jump shots, and don't follow their shots. Remember where you came from and you'll get where you're going.
EddyCurryFan::They have an identity crisis. I think however, now that Randolph is down, that Gay will take over HIS team and they will begin winning. Then Conley will come back and they'll get better than Randolph will be back and they will work him in and get better. I truly feel they will be good and a playoff team.
Chicagocold312::*going to the Heat boards to prove my point*
Chicagocold312::wow i would expect it, Heat fans on here trolling their lil butts off. I bet if i go to the Heat boards i won't see any Bulls fans on there trolling. Imma say this for the last time Heat until your team plays ours we DON'T CARE what your lil crummy Heat squad is doing or what they're going through.
Chicagocold312::Lmao @ you saying that you're not in the country, you're in the country of countries. A 3rd world country to be exact.
antistratfordian::who's trolling?  we're having honest discussions here.  bulls fans are just afraid and ill prepared for debate, that's what their problem is.
antistratfordian::we're not out in the country where every quaint saying seems to make sense to simple minded folk.  this is a message board meant for discussion.  so, we're discussing.  you, on the other hand, are complaining about people bringing up valid points that shine a negative light on your team.
Chicagocold312::it's the hit dog that yelps, i stand behind my statement 100 %.
rd1101::you underestimate the power of the troll. I'm sure there ARE bulls trolls on the miami boards :)  Death, Taxes and Internet Trolls.  Sure bets.
Chicagocold312::i doubt it, but let me check i'll get back to you with my results.  *out the door*
Hi i love my bike::Haha the lockout is causing some pretty sh.itty basketball.
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::After watching the Cowboys make so many mental mistakes and lack mental toughness this year it's refreshing to see the Bulls play with so much heart and just care about nothing but winning
Chicagocold312::Just like Lebron doesn't know what CONTRACTION means, don't confuse him for a genius either.
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::I think he meant that as a rhetorical question........I'm not any expert on human behavior or anything though
antistratfordian::Rose has no idea what a rhetorical question even is.  He meant it literally.
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::I love how none of them care about the individual
antistratfordian::except for rose, who cares mostly about individual accolades
antistratfordian::"why can't I be MVP??"  waa! waa!
rd1101::hahahahahahahahaaaaa
rd1101::That is the most frightening NBA box score I've ever seen. Bulls starters +/-:  +35, +35, +35, +48, +43 mostly in less than 30 minutes each.  I started to feel bad early in the third when Thibs actually sat down.  When he stops yelling, it's bad.
antistratfordian::all you needed was for rip hamilton to not play.
Sjobalia::Yeah.. If Rip did play, the final score would have been 119 - 64.
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::I felt bad when he started yelling at the Grizzly players
CowboysBullsLonghornsStarsRangers::When the Heat don't make it to the Finals this year are they going to try to go after another superstar or 2 to try to make it work?
antistratfordian::short answer:  no.
antistratfordian::I think we know who the two best teams in the East are.  Heat-Bulls ECF rematch.  This time it's a sweep.  Buy your Kleenex early Chicagoans... by the time the series is over your locals stores will be all sold out.
greg94327::Crying....like the heat did after we swept you guys last year?
antistratfordian::Yes, exactly like that.
Marcos4486::we might lose to the heat but it'll be 4-2 or 4-3 not a sweep though
mccoywajmu::right cool we will cry like bosh
TheSixthHeatle::Defense? I have more blocks than Noah, Taj, and Scalabrine.  -D Wade
bull6475::Winning is all that matters. Stats are crap.  GO BULLS!
mccoywajmu::we dont care about "i" in chicago its "we" in this town....
PortlandBlazers1004::If Randolph's injury is serious, the griz are done . Z-bo could be the best power forward in the league if he wanted but he just doesn't have the will and drive. Take it from a person that was there when he was the face of the Jail-Blazers. He might be good in the playoffs, but in the reg season he won't lead his team passed the 8th seed. And now that he won't be there, they won't even be an 8th seed.
yes i am Dan Gilbert::did the bulls play a wnba team????
yes i am Dan Gilbert::holy crap is the score a typo???????
yes i am Dan Gilbert::it looks like 104 - 64
Shaolin36th::Hell of a way to open the season at the United Center!
BowFlexTCTGP::@Bulls fans.. Congrats.. yall are lookin really good.. strong championship contenders&nbsp; &nbsp; @Grizz fans.. This does blow.. lets just hope ZBos not out for a long period of time.. Him and Marc are the only 2 injuries we all knew we cant afford.. Hopefully this isnt sign of the kinda yr we are gonna have battling the injury bug early... GO GRIZZ!!&nbsp; &nbsp; @Haters.. all yall sayin grizz should b a DLeague team and we suck and we are a one hit wonder.. really??? lets take 2 of ur starters off ur team (one being one of ur best players) and see how u do against a championship contender like the Bulls.. lets see we lost ZBo in the 1st qtr.. already missing Conley and Arthur (the Arthur loss hurts even worse now that ZBo went down because we are already thin in the front court)..
balltillifall_88::oh my god, memphis finally has a chance to do some things this season and OF COURSE they get hit with the injury bug. im not blamin tonights game on that necessarily, just sayin. first authur goes down for the season, conley sprains his ankle, then zbo goes down tonight? and on top of that, we didnt have rudy for the playoffs last year. memphis was 3-1 against dallas last year if they could have beat OKC. can us fans of the nba in tennessee FINALLY catch a break?
NBA_Highlights_23::Derrick rose + the Bench Mob + White Mamba = NBA Ring
Ditka_Drives_Da_Bus::Loved this game, great home opener, but am a little upset that Thibs only gave the 3rd stringers, Lucas 3rd, White Mamba, and my man JIMMY BUTLER late minutes in the fourth quarter. He should have had them in halfway through the third.
DogOnLoose::DOMINATION
epopham::OJ Mayo must hate playin against Derrick Rose. Getting reminded of what might have been.
supe540::Keep playing your hearts out Grizz.  Incredible effort tonight.
buller23::what a great sports day except 4 54 getting hurt. bears win, bulls win, tebow loses and so does dallas. dont get any better then that
supe540::Just joking around epopham.  buller can you believe the Broncos still made the playoffs?  Got a feeling next week is going to be tough on Tim T.
Antsea91::WHOOOSH! That sarcasm went right over your head
epopham::or did my sarcasm just go over your head?
epopham::sure did, I though he was serious.
buller23::they were bad. seemed like everything was 1 on 1. and i enjoyed watching their playoff run last year. wow what a difference a year makes. didnt help losing randolf though
epopham::umm ok, good on you guys I guess. Wasn't really a good effort though I think.
epopham::Coaches worst nightmare &gt; Noah shot.
buller23::how many centers shoot fts as well as he does. not many but what an ugly shot
PlayerPresident1::even worse nightmare for a coach is when he makes it
supe540::His shot is ugly but he seems to make baskets.
epopham::I know, what are you supposed to do? They guy has been shooting it well too.
epopham::Still amazes me when it goes in.
phil80802::as a Wolves fan, the Grizzlies are not a playoff team, this is embarrasing for the entire West
Jhe1125::as a wolves fan, you should realize your entire franchise is an embarrassment.  have fun when k love bolts in a year or two
Welcome2daGoodBurger::damn...they got tigerfu@ked
antistratfordian::Even in a blowout with only 10 shots Rose still shoots 40%?
mccoywajmu::you know and maybe he does only time will tell..but i rather him trust them too much then trust them too little...role players will tell you that when a great player believes in you it will usually raise your confidence and make you play better....derrick made it his business to take ALL the blame for the loss to the heat last year even though it wasnt all his fault...alot of it wasnt..that type of maturity is rare for a 22 year old..derrick has it..he is a special kid..im just so gald i get to be a fan of the team he plays for
epopham::Can't argue with that, each time he dishes to Noah and I groan at that ugly jumpshot - it goes in more often that you would think.
epopham::Derrick probably has too much trust :)
epopham::Yes, MJ started winning championships when he stopped worrying about his stats and started trusting his team-mates. Especially Scottie.
antistratfordian::Jordan wanted it all... scoring titles, MVPs, rings... and he got it all.  That's what made Jordan, Jordan.
buller23::he was never worried about stats as much as trusting his teammates. and ur right phil was huge in getting jordan to play in the triangle offense. but jordan also drove his will to win into his teammates. he helped make pip into a hof. and thats what really drove that team after 91. jordan and pip just refused to lose.
epopham::Okay fair point, lets say he worried about them less then. Became a bit more unselfish - he was still selfish but less selfish :)
antistratfordian::Jordan <b>ALWAYS</b> worried about his stats.  What did he say when he came back and a reporter asked him if he can get his 32 ppg average back?  He said, "32 points is easy.  That's just 8 a quarter, I should be able to get that easily."  Leading the league in scoring was always very important to MJ.
mccoywajmu::exactly phil got jordan to believe and understand he needed the guys around him..people always talk about the hate around lebron and i just laught they dont remember the amount of criticism jordan took before he won a championship
mccoywajmu::d will is good and i thought he was better then paul but rose is better then them all...he is humble coachable has talent out this world and contrary to idiots he doesnt care about his stats..just wants to win..i love the kid..wouldnt trade him for anybody
buller23::i hate the heat, lebron and wade but i dont disrespect them. great team great players. anyone talking $@%! about rose just isnt very bright and doesnt no much about bball. rose is a great player
epopham::D Will is good too, but too much of a hothead, to prideful. That's why he hasn't improved over his career.
phil80802::nobody is argueing, Rose is by a longshot the best PG in the league
buller23::whats ur point.? oh u dont have one. he gets everyone involved in the game.  so if he took 4 or 5 more shots and made them hes shotting over 50% big deal. they used to say the samething about MJ.  didnt hurt him to much
mccoywajmu::rose was settling in the first 3 games and he admitted that...he was passing on the perimeter trying to get guys involved..then he realized he needs to drive and be aggressive....he doesnt have to shoot every time but if he gets in the paint the defense will collapse and leave his teammates open for shots...the maturation of the best pg in the league..yes the BEST pg in the league
epopham::And those drives to the basket are there any time he wants one.
epopham::Each time he pulls up for a three I expect it to swish.
mccoywajmu::rose is an improved shooter he will never be reggie miller...thats cool...just keep improving kid..because at the end of the day your 3pt shooting wont determine us winning a title..guys have to perform around him
antistratfordian::He isn't a bad three point shooter.  His stroke is a little jerky, but it goes in.
epopham::I actually think the three point shot looks even more improved this year.
epopham::true I guess what I'm sayin is that his % is above average and much higher than I thought he would ever be.
antistratfordian::ha, well he'll always miss more than he makes, so I don't know why you'd expect that.
jhn75377::still? he is shooting 48% this year
epopham::I actually hope Lebron wins a championship so that basketball can be a more respected sport. It looks stupid that our most celebrated player has won nothing. Derrick Rose is my favourite player right now though.
jouleXxX::our most celebrated player is 23 years old.
epopham::And I understand the Cleveland hate because they were Jordans whipping boys for so long.
epopham::I guess the same could be said about Jordan up to 1991
greg94327::Mad? No. Think hes a goon because he bailed on his team when he couldn't get it done to play along side 2 super stars, and he still can't get it done.
epopham::Which is why we were all so mad at Lebron. Depriving us of those Jordan like moments.
buller23::except unlike lebron jordan didnt leave the bulls just bcause he couldnt get by the pistons. he kept fighting and he never quit. and once he got by them he never lost in the finals
Antsea91::SCALABRINE FOR MVP!
jhn75377::talk about a dream come true....
