designtoad::The Kings are one greedy team. Fire the coach and hire someone that requires the players to pass the ball.  Again, learn to pass the ball... more assists will = more wins.
jazzorion::More like get players who are willing to pass the ball.
jimc0907::Josh Smith for Demarcus Cousins straight up.
CandySparker::Hawks Lotta Love!
JacobyJ4::A couple thoughts here guys, first off... The second unit has played great the last few games because they have been playing (most of the time) team basketball, if I can see one problem it is Salmons gets a little selfish at times but that is all.  Secondly, in the post game the press asked coach smart if IT had hit a wall and he said that he thought Isaiah did well he just didnt shoot well but he was doing his thing passing the ball and stuff........ does this guy watch the game???? somebody grab him a stat sheet.... no offense to IT who I do like btw .... but he had 0 assists and 3 turnovers in 23 min... the only thing he did do was shoot well... (2 of 2 from 3) ... which begs the question... what is smart watching???  is he just defending his young rookie guard? (understandable) or is he just really that clueless... honestly this explains the days when Jimmer will play very well and smart goes on and on about how he is playing through his mistakes.... why defend one rookie and roast another???? I think this is a clear point where smart is showing his colors when it comes to the BYU grad.... Now he could be referring to the rookies defensive mistakes... but we will see as the Jimmer's defense has improved dramatically (watch the denver game and the number he does on lawson)... I want to see how this plays out... just some random thoughts... comment if you wish :)
jazzorion::tl;dr - I'm a Jimmer fanboy who blames the coach for not playing Jimmer as much as *I* think he should be.  Seriously, they're both rookies with different strengths and weaknesses. Give them time to develop. One good defensive game doesn't mean Jimmer is suddenly cured of his struggles on defense.
m_simagna::Tyreke Evens should get league MVP this season!
m_simagna::For any player! Luke Walton!
m_simagna::Hahaha! That was funny! Tyreke for US President!  I'm just playing! Tyreke blows big time! He's supposed to be the leader of this team? Yeah right! Trade him while he still has little value!
tomBabauts::Trade him for Rondo or Pau.
tomBabauts::Mom? I told you not to go here.  -Tyreke
Dukeisking2010::Its pathetic that a Center, in Cousins, has a field goal  percentage of .435. I mean seriously DeMarcus, you're basically supposed to be right under the basket every play, not to mention you might be the most talented center in the league, not named Dwight. Evans meanwhile has actually gotten worse since his first season, and people its fairly obvious Jimmer is not going to be a star like some BYU fans thought. This team actually has a lot of talent, but it just seems like they don't no how to use. The guys you think should be scoring (Evans,Thorton,Cousins) have a combined field goal percentage of like ,430, which is unacceptable.
EastSacTay::Duke - You have some valid points but the Kings are young and aren't gelling. Who's fault is that? THE COACH! If we had Adelman back we'd have atleast 11 more wins and some direction. Smart plays random lineups so no one is accustomed to their role on the squad.  I am starting to think that we may need to flip Tyreke in a trade if we can get some value.  Hell Josh Smith wants out, I'd love him on the KINGS.
sccfan352::Well, Cousins FG percentage from last year has improved and will hopefully continue to do so as he matures. His rebounding is still his strong point as of now. The thing is he settles for mid range jumpers and even 3s sometimes. I agree that Evans has actually gotten worse. I never thought Jimmer would be a star like BYU fans thought. I do think he can be a solid role player however.
yorkdoggto::dwight demanded orlando trade for nash, and apparently ther close to a deal.... rest of the league better watch out http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
Dukeisking2010::Once again SIR DUNK ALOT sucks and is completely unreliable. Not to mention it doesn't say anywhere that "apparently ther close to a deal" Nash isn't getting traded and the Magic won't make one. Both organizations are to stupid to try and improve their team.
TyrekeTheKing13::good game hawks and good production by jimmer
100mph..::good win hawks
CharlesRiver27::Jimmer needs to start, with IT backing him up. Smart has his rotation flip-flopped. Those two should be the only ones to play point guard. Keep Tyreke Evans far away from the PG position. That boy is NOT a point guard.
chadwi12::that would add another level headed player in the starting rotation, and it would give thorton the just to jack up shots like he loves to do...... defense would suffer a little bit, but they suck anyway, and fredettes defense has drastically improved...
chadwi12::for thorton
chadwi12::screw that happy.... fredette is a future star... the kings suck.... if u want to keep him, throw him in the fire....... he gets better and more comfortable by the minute... i know what u r really saying, and i kinda agree... as a starter he would have to play with a bunch of selfish ball hogs.... theres truth to that, that being said he needs to start.....
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::Jimmer is a good player for the bench unti. I think IT is better as a starter and Jimmer is good as a pg off the bench
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::well gg and gl hawks. gn all go kings
hahahaha58::Question: why is it good to troll on a Kings game?  Answer: Because the Queens suck.
hahahaha58::It's been awhile since I last troll a Queens board. Sadly, the Queens still need a roster makeover. HAHAHAHAHA.
JeffKent4MVP::grant and jerry need help
jvig818::Hey everyone it's the worlds most original person! ^
hahahaha58::More like the Queens need help.. hahahahhaah
hahahaha58::Ha, Your team still Suck
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::troll
uga-trolls rule::trolls rule  wallet happy  ill invade ur page another day-HAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHA
N.E.Phillyfan::Whats the money play for tomorrow my fellow degens???? $$$$$
uga-trolls rule::TAKE BYU IN PLAY IN GAME--GOOD LUCK
N.E.Phillyfan::Lol, love ya brother
uga-trolls rule::zaza for mvp
estebanpark::If Demarcus Cousins had to choose between passing the ball to Jimmer or falling off a cliff...
m_simagna::All these Kings players are ball hogs! Very selfish players!
chadwi12::happy cousins never passes to anyone... he is a legit black hole... and yet very good..... but at this stage he is very selfish..... rarely ever gives it up when doubled...
uga-trolls rule::HAHAHHAHA
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::he did pass the ball to jimmer when doubled, it's evans and thornton who have passing problems
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::I'm not saying he always pass to them, I'm just saying he is a willing passer. Evans and thornton, not so much
estebanpark::Except for the times when he took inbound passes in the backcourt and shrugged off Jimmer to take it up and airball it
uga-trolls rule::NOW JULIOJONESBROTHER--THATS NOT NICE--DID UR BROTHER CUT HIS HAIR YET  HAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHA
J-SMOOVE2031::Hawks schedule REALLY lightens up after the March 15 trade deadline.  I feel like we can make a big push for the 4th seed.
YodaSucks::the celtics on the 19th
J-SMOOVE2031::garbage.  no more heat.  no more west coast road trips.  a bunch of bobcats, wizards, pistons, cavs, celtics.
estebanpark::Why you yellin', bro?
atlhawkswin::WHO WE PLAY AFTER THAT?
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::Smarts problem is that he is TERRIBLE at managing min for his players.
uga-trolls rule::LOSERS AND SUCKERS PLAY TOTALS
YodaSucks::Gambling is of the DEVIL!
uga-trolls rule::ULL LOSE IT BACK TEN FOLD
N.E.Phillyfan::Noper doper, not gonna happen, gotta stay smart bro, go small now.
N.E.Phillyfan::Did somebody take the UNDER ???? ahahahahhahahahahaaaaaa loser !!!
N.E.Phillyfan::Lol well, then Im both cuz Im 750.00 richer due to HITTING ALL MY OVERS !!!!! BOOOO YAAA!!!
treezeyforsheezey::I think Jimmer earned his starting spot back over the course of these last 2 weeks.
treezeyforsheezey::Strike that- The 2nd unit should be the starting unit. (Just add DC)
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::or play the 2nd unit sooner if the starters struggle
BLazEdTrailerz::He's done good. But why take him out of a good situation?
dreamks::LOL!  You still beating that tired old horse Jimmer nut?  It's a racial conspiracy against Jimmer!!!!   Poor Jimmer nut.  Face it, dude just isn't that good.  He's ok and might be a servceable player in the league, and there's no shame in that, but that's about it.
chadwi12::yet!!!!! yet!!!!!!!!!! its not that they wont pass to him yet, he's not black.... so its more like they wont ever pass to him..... they are so eat up with "why dont the world love me like they do this stupid white boy" envy so its not a not yet scenerio... they will never accept him because they r selfish on and off the court... the kings are plagued with one cancer after another..... the fact those selfish f**** noticeable pass to isiah and not fredette says all u need to know about this piece of shiz squad.... fredette is the best offensive player on this team and he;s riding the pine... utter bullish
BLazEdTrailerz::The starters don't pass to Jimmer yet.  IT is the only guard that Evans and Thornton will defer too.
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::Jimmer is better with the bench unit
JulioJonesBrother::I agree, he gets more shots with the 2nd unit, he's the scorer of that unit.
JulioJonesBrother::med  Super Tuesday. TD fixing to make a BIG splash (hopefully).
me_destruit::To that note, they've basically put themselves in a spot where they HAVE TO get Super Mario this year.
me_destruit::Maybe. Letting Lofton go and using Lofa in his place is a massive mistake. Lofa won't make it through the whole season without being injured. Lofton might not be a major pass rusher, but he's on of the best run stuffing MLB's in football.
pdiddyisaracist::18 points in the last 33 seconds....  wt??
pdiddyisaracist::I had atl.  under..   lost juice!!
madness201282::Glad I caught a break this time.
madness201282::Won some madness $$$ on the OVER.
N.E.Phillyfan::Lol...no shi t , i was biting my nails thinking, this for sure was stayin under, then wt f ?? TONS of points !!! bo yaaa!! $$$$$$ OVER HITS!!
haberguy::vegas baby
Bxyanks2012::Josh Smith has been a great fantasy pick
N.E.Phillyfan::Whats the play for tomorrow boys?? $$$$$$
estebanpark::Every time Smart uses a late timeout to "teach" his players or work on a play, he draws up a jump shot for Thornton.... Because we don't see that 20 times a game or anything
chadwi12::lol true
J-SMOOVE2031::This Hawks team really could have used Tyson Chandler.  He would have been perfect for us or maybe even Samuel Dalembert.  We really blew it in free agency.
uga-trolls rule::HMMMM
me_destruit::We didn't need anybody....Al going down wasn't something to be expected. Zaza is one of the best backup centers in the game, but he's being forced to start with Al down for the year. Al going down is what's killing us. He's one of the most efficient scorers in the game(lead the NBA in shooting percentage last year).
atlhawkswin::WILL YOU SHUT UP WITH THE TRADES ALL READY
Demonjoe93::This is the most points we've scored since the OT game against Detroit.
atlhawkswin::GOOD GAME KINGS AND FANS AND TROLLS
Kuddish::When you are down by 10 with less then 20 seconds....You have no business fouling even if you hit a 3 pointer. Guys in the NBA can make ft's...Unlike college.
dahojas::IT, evans, and thornton had too many minutes
JulioJonesBrother::Good game Kings. I'll always be a Jimmer fan lol  Go Hawks!
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::GG and GL Hawks
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::If Smart puts in the bench with DMC and no Thornton or evans at the start of the 4th, kings might have won
chadwi12::do u see how often u plagerize my comments..... yet u have to $@%! me off at least once every game
scopiefun21::Bookie just got the 1, 2 combo with ATL+1.5 and over 193.5.  Pow Pow!!!
me_destruit::Josh with a quiet 28, 6, 3, 3, 3 with zero turns tonight. -.-
uga-trolls rule::NO VOODOO  SACRAMENTO UR VOODOO JUST LEFT COURT  KINGS STINK--GOOD FANS THOUGH--HOPE U TURN IT AROUND SOON
camerontowe23::Is it time for me to drop Isaiah Thomas on my fantasy team?
YodaSucks::I recommend picking up a little known gem, also known as the white mamba, or the great white hope, Brian Scalabrine
camerontowe23::Mo williams a better option?
BLazEdTrailerz::Depends on who's available...
JulioJonesBrother::Why is he there already?
N.E.Phillyfan::Lol, where is that fukcing DOU CHE BAG  saying " TOLD YOU LOSERS NOT TO TAK E THE OVER" ....
uga-trolls rule::YEAH WHAT A GREAT PICK-20 POINTS IN LAST MINUTE IN HALF SAVED UR A S S--LOSERS AND SUCKERS PLAY TOTALS
N.E.Phillyfan::Blah blah blah....suck my 750.00  BEYOTCH !!!!
eaglesfan1723::I lost the over in the ohio state game by .5 point because of missed free throws at the end. No one should be complaining
Straight Outta Queens NYC::look up on you tube joe johnson breaks silence
JulioJonesBrother::The Kings need to get some coaching or something...Cousins, Thornton, Evans, that's a great core.
chadwi12::wow that was so well freekin said kudos
NBA_refs_are_weak::at first glance maybe. but if you really look, tyreke has done nothing but regress after his great rookie year, cousins has a tendancy to not stay in games mentally, and thornton has the jr smith syndrome and can have some really horrible shot selection. its really a group of some nice individual young talent, but they all kindve do their own thing and dont really play as a team
chadwi12::yea it aint
TomaHawk238::solid win, lets keep it going to Denver
warb8::Hard to play D with DC passing to the ATL team.
13redboy13::what a treat for 2h over
chadwi12::this is y smart is an idiot;;; waited too long to go with sec unit, when they completely showed they were read to get it done in the first half..... then when they finally put them in, he cancered them up with evans cousins and thorton... i swear this guy is an idiot... i like to think i know some basketball, and this guy doesnt make sense
HappyHappyJoyJoy01::DMC isn't the cancer, thornton should not have been on the floor
JulioJonesBrother::Joe with the quiet 20...sign of a great scorer even on seemingly an off night he still gets his.
chadwi12::and thats whats important, him gettin his lol
me_destruit::He still makes the team worse if only because he thinks he's a PG too often. If he let Teague do his job, we wouldn't have lost to Detroit.
me_destruit::He couldn't when Joe took the ball down most of the time Teague was on the floor.
JulioJonesBrother::I didn't see that game but Jeff should've taken more shots
drockromero::Yeah, but what's more important is that the over hit.
drockromero::Suck my dick.
JulioJonesBrother::Nobody cares, quit spamming gambling on our board.
uga-trolls rule::great waste of money
ATLienZone2::Nice W Hawks
uga-trolls rule::is now--that unbelievable--thats why i dont mess w totals-pure luck
