mr mellow::Last night Sammy D looked like an all star against D Cousins.  Sammy even dunked on Cousins big head.  I do realize it was just one game and this is the NBA, but it was funny looking at it on sports center.
mcshumway::Jimmer is out of his element.  His scoring, particularly from 3, always came in bunches in college.  He would often miss his first few.  He needs more volume.  It may take time for him to be effective in the role Sacramento is giving him.  He played in this limited fashion his freshman year at BYU, and there were only flashes of what he would become when he was given the reins of the offense later on.  I never thought Sacramento was a good fit for him.
kcisney BYU::I agree completely. I could see it taking another year or two before Jimmer is playing more like he did in college. And that will have to be either on a completely different Kings team or another team. The Kings are incredibly selfish, with the two rookies the only two who consistently are looking to pass first. Everyone else has the mentality of one on five, which wont work too often, even with their level of talent.
zachrlee::McHale should try playing Thabeet sometime, even if it's just for defensive purposes. Johnny Flynn needs some PT as well. Houston's got some decent pieces. I think they're a playoff team if they're coached and managed well.
mbdriger::if/when jimmer catches his stride this season, we should seriously consider trading thorton for a real SF while his value is up.  I feel like we would be better off with one of them than both and we can at least get something decent for thorton while people think hes an above average SG
braineater000::Where's dexter4oz to tell us that Jimmer will never hit his stride?
mbdriger::our SF right now are horrific.  not to mention we have way too many players that need the ball to be an impact.  two birds with one stone
petrpann::Absolutely. Trade him before he reveals himself.
slamminsammy006::Nice win over those Sacramento Queens! Rockets = Best NBA team in Texas this year.
CosmoKramer1444::The Spurs are WAYYYYYY better.
supe540::Worst team in Texas in the coaching department.
cjdean9::Jimmer actually has a higher field goal % than Isaiah Thomas, Thomas has just been shooting more. And sorry but Thomas is way too short to play defense in this league, people just shoot right over him. Thomas has 2 good games and everyone thinks he is going to save the Kings. He is a poor man's Nate Robinson.
PACBOWDOWN12::lol....keep doubting IT all you want. i've watched this kid since high school and everyone has said he's to short and can't play. all he does is continue to prove all the haters wrong. he plays with the biggest chip on his shoulder because people have doubted him his whole life. he wil continue to bring it every night and i guarantee you he will only get better. he's a flat out winner and gives his all every night on the court. now, i'm a homer UW fan but i promise you king fans this guy is the real deal regardless of his height. just watch and see....
PACBOWDOWN12::lol....keep doubting IT all you want. i've watched this kid since high school and everyone has said he's to short and can't play. all he does is continue to prove all the haters wrong. he plays with the biggest chip on his shoulder because people have doubted him his whole life. he wil continue to bring it every night and i guarantee you he will only get better. he's a flat out winner and gives his all every night on the court. now, i'm a homer UW fan but i promise you king fans this guy is the real deal regardless of his height. just watch and see....
JacobyJ4::god himself couldnt lead the selfish kings to the playoffs... nuff said
JBurhenn253::Ya and Isaiah wasn't good enough to play varsity hs ball as an eighth grader. He wasn't tall enough to play major division 1 ball. He's too small for the nba. Yet here he is. Come up with something he hasn't heard before. Hes proven people wrong at every level. I can guarantee you he is just as strong if not stronger than the guards he will face at this level.
JBurhenn253::Except jimmer hasn't helped a team win. So outside of religious beliefs in sports they are nothing alike. Terrible comparison.
dexter4oz::except tebow led his team to the playoffs
cjdean9::And Jimmer hasn't faced that? He is the freaking Tebow of the NBA
jeaylee::did you just say jimmer is not a shooter, he is a point guard....  say no more.
cjdean9::as opposed to a shooting guard. Go reread his post, that was what he was implying. Reddick is a shooter. Corver is a shooter. Jimmer is a PG; i.e. he does more than just "shoot" as so many seem to think
bryantlives::haha,  Jimmers fg% is nothing to brag about for a shooter.  think these guys are addressing how well Thomas runs the team.   Regardless of Thomas's height, he plays significantly better defense than Jimmer at this point.
bryantlives::Im am not a Jimmer hater.  I hope he turns out to be good baller.  But he is obviously over matched at this point in his career.  If the kings want to win they need to stop forcing him in the lineup when the have several players sitting on they bench who are not over matched
dexter4oz::hopefully we will get rid of him then, that would make both of us happy
cjdean9::He's not a shooter, he's a point guard. Before this game his A/T ratio was better than Thomas's too. The Kings aren't using him right. He has the misfortune of playing on one of the worst managed, most dysfunctional teams in the NBA.
petrpann::I think dexter is a Utah fan or something who just hates jimmer. Look, Im a gonzaga fan and even i must admit that the boy is great. but he's playing like a wimp and he needs to keep the ball. enough with being a team player.
JBurhenn253::i think last night was the first night isaiah played more than jimmer. overall jimmer has had way more mins that isaiah. they whole playing time argument doesnt work in jimmers favor
JacobyJ4::they are playing thomas more than jimmer idiot... Jimmer will be a better player than thomas when he gets comfortable... all the experts believe in jimmer now... so shut your mouth unless u know what u are talking about
dexter4oz::I'm sure it's usually better but thats not what my eyes tell me.  Also, you can refer to the stats.  He has one of the lowest effiency ratings on the team.
Mikecito::That's weird, because his +/- is usually better than the rest of the starters... so apparently they do better when he's on the floor, right?
dexter4oz::Look, I can tell you love him and I'm sure he's a really nice guy.  I've watched every game this year and the Kings are better when he's on the bench.
j3asays::i think your just on his nuts.
cjdean9::saying that Jimmer can just "shoot" is the biggest misconception about him. He has great handles and is a really good passer too. Besides the last two games, he was running the offense better than any one.
j3asays::Agree. Its about WINNING
petrpann::I too have been a Kings fan forever and am from sac-to. In actuality Thomas IS the better start because Jimmer has his head up his a$$. But long term, if the Kings want utilize Jimmer correctly then he will be an amazing asset to this team. He does more than shoot. People who saw more than just his highlights know this. I criticize Jimmer AND the Kings. This is where we differ. The team sucks. Thomas is a bright spot, and Jimmer would be a bright spot too if he'd take the ball and do what he wants with it. Evans is a curse on the team, and Thorton is worse. Chuck Hayes should start every game.
dexter4oz::Actually, I'm a Fresno State and was a Kings fan before Jimmer got here.  I just think we are better off playing a guy like Thomas who gives us a spark instead of a guy that can't do any thing but shoot.
dexter4oz::jimmer's to slow though
dexter4oz::you seem to know alot about him, what's his vertical?
dexter4oz::they don't react because they are running to get the rebound
cjdean9::JImmer is not that slow. Go look at the combine times. He was 1st or 2nd in a lot of the athletic testing, including agility drills. Just because he's white doesn't mean he's slow
Mikecito::Why do you hate Jimmer so bad?  I think his D has improved immensely so far.  And defenders always say he gets his shot of so fast they can't even react.
Blazelover13::Ugh...it's so frustrating! The Rockets are like the Sixers (they're both my first and second favorite teams too, ironically); they don't really have a superstar, but they HAVE the talent to be balanced and really good! But...they just don't have that "IT" factor, you know? It's so frustrating; I KNOW this Rockets team can be good...if they just tried. You have Dalembert, Scola, Martin, and some fast youngsters. It's kinda sad, but...I think Houston is kinda growing up right now. Soon, this team WILL be really good, trust me.
lemonsgee::TEBOW AND BRADY HAD LUNCH TODAY --- http://www.fancloud.com/nfl/nflchat
bobbydagreat::I would have liked it better if the Rockets had lost, because I prefer they have a good draft spot, but I'm not sure if they could have managed to lose tonight.
JBurhenn253::I'll say it again, play Isaiah Thomas and you get production.
PACBOWDOWN12::king fans are dillusional......the kings messed up drafting jimmer that high. now they have no choice but to play him. IT is better and the whole organization knows it. slowly buy surely IT will get increased minutes and he will show why he was the biggest steal in the draft!!!
JacobyJ4::Isaiah had 13 points and 5 assists in 27 min today... fair numbers but nothing to be up in arms about... Jimmer played less minutes and had a better assist to turnover ratio... oh wait he is averaging a better assist to turnover ratio... oh wait he is averaging a better shooting percentage... oh wait he is averaging more points... Jimmer is a better player than Isaiah he just attracts far more defensive attention than Isaiah and hasnt found his confidence...
JBurhenn253::He played more minutes tonight, this hasn't been a regular occurrence. This isn't the first night Isaiah has outplayed jimmer. Jimmer is good but you can't change facts to help support your argument. Their is more to basketball than shooting percentages.
petrpann::With the way Jimmer is playing, you are absolutely right.
bryantlives::yeah, think this should have been a great opportunity to start Thomas with the first five and easy Jimmer into situational play.
david508540::Whats up with Cousins? He didnt get his cookies and milk so he plays like crap!!
dexter4oz::Anybody else get the impression that if Jimmer's name was James he would be playing in the Provo City rec league?
petrpann::you're an idiot dexter. Player of the year.
david508540::He would be a backup there like he should be now.
david508540::I bet the queens miss the toilet when they $@%!.
david508540::I thought Jimmer was supposed to be a sharp shooter? He cant make even make 2 in a row.
bryantlives::I dont think he was ever a sharp shooter, just incredible range.  Im sure he will find his role.  But not as a starter when he is the 4rth-5th best guard on the team.  think they are trying to hard with him, whats the rush?
dexter4oz::he made his last shot tonight so hold off judge til he takes his next shot.
david508540::None of the Kings had their head in the game. It was where the sun dont shine. Cousins is a wus and why they keep starting Jimmer I have no freakin idea. The Kings might win 15 games this year.
jeaylee::Give Isaiah some starters min. ROY.
Dominatingballer::is cousins $@%!$@% up wit the coaches again or did he get injured?
j3asays::ISAIAH THOMAS &gt; JIMMER  no question.
terrence-boss31::isaiah thomas!!! !!!
jeaylee::Start Isaiah.
hawksfan4lyfe::malones finger&gt;Jimmer
dexter4oz::Both Isaiah Thomas'&gt;jimmer
dexter4oz::therefore, Malone's elbow&gt;Jimmer
cooptothehoop19::Malone's elbow&gt; Isaiah Thomas
lanceross81::Yeah, keep telling yourself that.
Dominatingballer::Did Demarcous cousins get benched?
polomontana::Jimmer doesn't like being on the Kings. He just looks so unhappy.   He needs to shoot more though. He should go out there and get his like little Thomas. Just take your shot.
jbyu21::Why not start Tyreke, Marcus, Jimmer, Cousins, and Hickson,  why does Salmons play at all?
cjdean9::People wouldn't pay them if they weren't good at it lol. Plus the coaches weigh in on the voting. Thomas wasn't even in the conversation. Lets compare. Jimmer dropped 49 on Arizona, with 9 assists and 7 rebounds in their house. Please, if you want to debate who was better in college it is not even close.
JBurhenn253::Well we can agree to disagree. Like isaid if Isaiah needed to average 25 a night it could've been done. He didn't need to though. Look up Isaiah's stats against zona if you must. I could care less really who you think is better because the two of them are getting the chance right now to prove that for themselves.
JBurhenn253::Oh so we all have to take your opinion as the final word huh? You don't know me or my background or knowledge ofTTYe game. Many teams including zona tried stopping Thomas. He can score with the best of em at only 5 10 but the special thing about him is his court vision and passing ability. He had multiple double doubles last year. Who else did that in the points and assist categories. So just because those analysts are getting paid they know everything and no ody else could possibly know more. Money doesn't equal knowledge.
hawksfan4lyfe::cause jimmer sucks isaiah thomas is better
cjdean9::Sorry but teams like Gonzaga, San Diego State, UNLV, Forida, Arizona, etc made their WHOLE GAME PLANS around stopping jimmer and he still dropped over 30 and even 40 points on each of them. He was being double and triple teamed. There was a reason he was consensus national POY. you obviously never watched him. the coaches and other voters know a lot more than you do.
petrpann::Only an idiot would compare the two players based on these nba games. Jimmer is great and anyone who has seen him really play knows it. He just needs to get some balls and play instead of $@%!$-footing around.
JBurhenn253::Yes you can and I'll do it for ya. Isaiah Thomas is better than jimmer. Jimmer played for a team that had nobody. He was the go to guy. Not saying he's bad because that's clearly not true but Isaiah put up almost 17 and 7 every night. He and Nolan smith were the only two guards to do that. Zeke also had multiple nba players on his team. he could've put up jimmer type scoring if that's what his team needed but they didn't. They needed a pg and that's what he did.
lanceross81::I like Thomas but no way can you say he is better. He has had a few good games. Jimmer was the player of the freakin' year! Give him some time, get a coach that believes in him, and teammates that don't ignore him, and you will be eating your words!
Constanza_George::Kyle Lowry needs to be an all-star.
cooptothehoop19::Why did the kings even draft jimmer? They have five or six guys who do the same things he does.  With Evans there jimmer will never get the shots, a much better fit with another team.
randymossallday::he should worry less about getting shots and more about working on his game and becoming a better player. he just isn't that good.
cooptothehoop19::Isnt that why they got him was to shot, it sure isnt for his defense
petrpann::he needs to be on a team that runs an offense. less ball hogs.
petrpann::This is what jimmer needs to realize. once he realizes it everyone will love him. he's an excellent ball hog.
Mikecito::Yeah, it's easy to lead the team in assists with the Kings... Nobody passes!  That's a no brainer.  Until a couple games ago, Jimmer was leading in assists almost every game, with half the minutes on the floor!  Finally Tyreke realized that he had to step it up or lose his spot to Jimmer, so at least Jimmer is making Reke play harder.
dexter4oz::Evan's also leads his team in assists, but nice try Mike.  Doesn't mean he likes to pass.
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::theres no such thing in the nba as no ball hog
Mikecito::Actually Jimmer led the team in assists almost every game in college, but nice try Dexter. He was the best shooter by far, so he took a lot of shots.  But his BB IQ is high and he also passes a lot.
dexter4oz::ironic, considering his college career.
jbyu21::Just because the players don't hate Smart, it doesn't make him a good coach. Like Nelson, he prefers to tinker constantly rather than build a rotation.
Dominatingballer::did Damarcus Cousins get injured? why didnt he play in the second half at all?
dexter4oz::jimmer's best game so far, 50% from the field and only 1 TO.  Might never happen again.
petrpann::as apposed to 11 for 22 with only 4 turnovers = tyreke evans.
petrpann::not saying jimmer is better. that would be stupid. just saying evans is an overrated ball hog. yeah he scored 27....how many times did he shoot? Shouldn't that be part of the story in the recap?
dexter4oz::I take it back, Evans was 11 for 21.  I think that's better than 50%
dexter4oz::you're right same percentage, but 3 more TO's.  jimmer's way better than Evans
dexter4oz::he got hot there at the end when he hit that one shot
Joethemonkey101::lmao
Joethemonkey101::....Time to watch the Lakers game
TrueNum1AllStar::Kings Coach is awful
Pavio1::yeah but who knows what he's doing?  It doesn't make any sense....
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::westpaul tryed to give evans minutes to jimmer
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::evans is a star
petrpann::11 for 22 with 4 turnovers is hardly "stardom". the man is a ball hog. the kings are plagued with lazy, ball hogs.
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::i agee
TrueNum1AllStar::I'm not saying he isn't a great player, he is, but move him to SG where he can score more points and have more room because of Jimmers range
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::evans is a great point  guard
TrueNum1AllStar::You don't draft a 1st round pick and then sit him at the end of a game.  That's just plain stupid.  Thorton out, gotta have Jimmer in there to help close out the game.  One of the better passers, free throw shooters, and 3pt shooters.  He's gotta be in there
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::lol
Tyler Christensen::if he was a star the kings wouldn't be such a horrible team
Bankai_2069::no jimmer.
TrueNum1AllStar::This isn't about anyone other than Coach Smart losing the game. Need to play your best players down the stretch.  Jimmer, Tyreke, Cousins, they all need to be there.
Bankai_2069::amen.
Tyler Christensen::i can't believe i just watched that sad excuse for a game, kings are awful
DaleHammers3::they keep teasing us with a good game, making us come back dreaming they can do it again
Bankai_2069::just like your jokes.
Bankai_2069::hahaha. stop. now. i don't wanna hurt anybody
Tyler Christensen::your mom likes my jokes  man i'm soooo funny
Pavio1::Jimmer gets garbage minutes.... wow, this is bad coaching...
Pavio1::I think germany realized he was using over-generalized stereotypes and left... oh well.  fun while it lasted.
Pavio1::good point...
DaleHammers3::Germany always bails when America gangs up on em Historical fact
Bankai_2069::now stop fighting children...lets all accept the fact that jimmer SUCKS
Joethemonkey101:::(
Joethemonkey101::This is classic. Germany time for you to make a comeback lol
Pavio1::instead of just clarifying, you attacked Americans in general.  Nice.
Pavio1::YOU were the one who wasn't clear.
23germany::i don't hate america too, only stupid people....who happen to live all over the world
23germany::season, you high schoolers....his season average  to talk about a shooting average using sample size of 2 is...well, probably american
DaleHammers3::sounds like your a little bit too sure of yourself and messing with Americans probably German
Pavio1::he was 1-2... try your math again, germany
Pavio1::PS I actually have nothing against Germany.  it was a joke.
DaleHammers3::that would be more reading than math skills id say and since numbers are universal, cant even blame it on German
23germany::he is not in the top 250 in this league...makes 1 out of 3 shots  you are americans, so the math may be difficult
Bankai_2069::amen.
Pavio1::he's from Germany, his English isn't so good
spencernock11::lol
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::can u say D LEAGUE
cooptothehoop19::Can you say Evans overrated
petrpann::tyreke is a ball hog. that's the prob. 11 for 22.
Joethemonkey101::no can you help me pronounce it? N-B-A? I thought so
spencernock11::*good player on a garbage team*  fixed it for you
23germany::he is a garbage player on a garbage team
DaleHammers3::everything is bad about the Kings right now
Tyler Christensen::if Smart is going to play jimmer 18 minutes a game why does he even start?
hawksfan4lyfe::isaiah thomas&gt;jimmer
Joethemonkey101::WTF is it even possible to get 18 minutes while starting?
Joethemonkey101::We need a real coach
Tyler Christensen::he plays 7 minutes then gets benched for the rest of the half
dexter4oz::exactly, he's getting way to many minutes
Pavio1::to make money off of Jimmer
robmoras::dalembert 9-11 and lowry how can kings expect to win with that output
mosesbyu::About freakin time. Jimmer!
Tyler Christensen::lowry with jimmer range
Joethemonkey101::JIMMER RANGE
dcoolboy15::why did the kings ever trade dalembert
dcoolboy15::thats a damn shame he was way better that thompson
DaleHammers3::Thompson is putting up good numbers in limited time this year
DaleHammers3::he cost too much, the Maloofs wont pay real money for players
DaleHammers3::Hayes produces like crazy on both sides of the ball, Sammy does on occasion, but gets enough goal-tendings to not even make him worth it besides he would have had to WANTED to return anyways, why would he?
Adrianch01::We are only paying him about 6mil. You guys payed Hayes about the same..
mbdriger::they didnt.  he was a free agent
Boardtrollsarelol::The Landlord with a great game.  Not even relatively close to his next-best effort of the season
Ashotjan::Isaiah is owning Lowry!
Ashotjan::joke eh, IT got destroyed
DaleHammers3::yeah, but Lowry is owning the rest of the Kings
Adrianch01::If Jimmer doesn't get any playing time, he is going to turn to the next Adam Morrison.
dexter4oz::he better start working on his mustache
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::is jimmer better than tyreke
Bankai_2069::not happening scrub i can't bow to people that ride jimmer's dick
llGHOSTll::yes
Bankai_2069::wow...should i bow down to your amazing spelling?
llGHOSTll::I can spell r-e-t-a-r-d-e-d correctly though
llGHOSTll::I haven't seen him play enough in the pro's to make that call but I really think he could be.
Bankai_2069::you are also part retarted
dexter4oz::finally someone who makes sense
DaleHammers3::Tyreke is one of the best in the league when hes got his head in the game
Bankai_2069::no. don't ever say that again. you might be part $@%!$@%!
simply_the_truth::k-mart why you struggling so bad this year baby
treezeyforsheezey::Anyone here going to the Jazz-Kings game? If so, we have to make our voices heard.
treezeyforsheezey::Me too. Except booing Thorton is more fun for me.
Tyler Christensen::i'm going, boo whenever tyreke takes a shot, cheer whenever jimmer touches the ball
DaleHammers3::i was tempted to take my kids to their first game, but not sure i wanna waste the money on scrubs
mosesbyu::That would be me on March 30th.
ThirdCoastTexan::jimmer has 4 points...not much of an impact on that side of the ball
des1710::It might be a little bit tough to score 40 points on two shots. Just maybe.
ThirdCoastTexan::you're right, but maybe....just maybe thats why the coach took him out. you gotta shoot to score
Boardtrollsarelol::He made some nice passes, a couple hockey assists, never held the ball like their other players, played pretty good D and moved without the ball... Doesn't show up in a stat sheet, but not a bad game for him in my opinion.  First time I've seen him play in the NBA and I'd say he has a future
Ashotjan::Wow welcome to the forum earthling. Great insight.
ThirdCoastTexan::cool story bro....dont care about the kings. im sure Jimmer will be a fine player, but complaing about the rookie getting benched when the team is down by more points than he has scored is blind homerism
Ashotjan::ok well again what great insight. 4 pts he must have missed 20 shots and thrown the ball away 10 times huh? You obviously have not watched this season and have no idea how this team deliberately avoids playing team bball. Jimmer doesn't fit in.
ThirdCoastTexan::good one....just making an observation for all these homers complaining about benching him
treezeyforsheezey::I bet the TV rating drops 50% every time Jimmer sees the bench.
mosesbyu::Give me a break of course we do, we're not amish.
basketballtm::Do mormons have televisions?
TrueNum1AllStar::Philo Farnsworth, one of the great math minds of all time, created the TV, and he was LDS, Latter Day Saint
TrueNum1AllStar::I am disgusted with Coach Smart, kings had this game
Ashotjan::but Isaiah is the man, no he's the Savior!
Boardtrollsarelol::One thing I like about McHale is that he isn't afraid to ride the wave... Parsons plays well and he gets time, Chase plays like crap and he sees the bench.
llGHOSTll::yep
DaleHammers3::cant win when the entire team give or take couple players dont care either
Pavio1::actually 6.... but yes, it wasn't a blowout
llGHOSTll::Can't win with your best players on the bench
treezeyforsheezey::The game was within 2 points when Jimmer sat down.
TaxiDriver2400::Jimmer will make everyone forget Beno Udrih!
DaleHammers3::yeah.... cause thats sooooooo hard
mosesbyu::And of course Jimmer stays on the bench.
Joethemonkey101::That was hilarious
mosesbyu::Hahahahaha!
Bankai_2069::adopted.
Bankai_2069::a good effort though, maybe next time haha
Tyler Christensen::lol i admit that was a bad joke
Bankai_2069::well played that made me laugh...that you are so desperate
Joethemonkey101::It's getting old
mosesbyu::No need for that
Tyler Christensen::your mom adopted me after i $@%!$@ her
Adrianch01::This is a sloppy quarter..
TrueNum1AllStar::We Need 3's!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Come on Smart
Joethemonkey101::Why can't Jimmer drive like Isiah?
Joethemonkey101::I'm referring to in the NBA. I've seen him at BYU. There's a HUGE difference.
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::chubby
Baninar::It's more of a question of why doesn't
DaleHammers3::Jimmer can drive pretty decently, but hes a shooter at heart
Pavio1::uh... apparently you've never seen Jimmer play...
Tyler Christensen::has john salmons hit a shot this year?
Boardtrollsarelol::A couple years ago he looked damn good too... To me, this offseason just proves who is a true professional and who collects a check.
robmoras::not good enough to be defended as a decent player
robmoras::HE IS SO BAD
DaleHammers3::good defender though
DaleHammers3::he started the season very strong, sorta drifted off since
TaxiDriver2400::DeMarcus Cousins- out with a torn McRib
TaxiDriver2400::he's just a headcase. great player, greater ego. mind of a 16 year old
Tyler Christensen::like the mcrib, cousins only shows up once a year
DaleHammers3::ok, i admit i laughed at that one
