Td4mvp3::spurs &gt; your weak @$$ team....fact!
BJSaxMan93::nobody cares what you think
MinorMiracle195::been a nets fan since i was 13 and the first game i saw live was a nets game. We were a championship contender then, ive seen the team fall and fail in the lebron james sweepstakes. I think they have made great moves and built a solid team all around and im so happy i stayed loyal to this team through all the horrible mediocre years of VC RJ and JKidd then watching them be the worst team in the east for years. I cannot wait to go to brooklyn and bring my son and share the nets tradition that was shared with me.
JAG145::David Stern has turned NBA into something no better than Pro Wrestling. Take back the NBA, and sign this petition to investigate him for fraud -- http://wh.gov/5kK1!
jratman1::Orlando is just a poorly managed franchise.  Need a new owner and management that knows what they are doing.
manimarf09::Tough game for Redick.
Jail Blazer::Thumbs up if you're a REAL Brooklyn Gangster and not one of those posers
CaptainObvious20122012::Brooklyn isn't like that anymore. It has more hipsters than gangsters these days.
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::2012-2013 Year of NY Basketball
BigEarle11::Wake up sonny! It is November!
49ers_Defense-BackupQB_OVERRATED::and only going to get better for NY as the teams develop more and more chemistry
johndomenow::http://youtu.be/kYR0H0pjAsU  Watch iggy blowing the dunk!!!!! Hilarioius!!!!
erik2806::why wasnt phaggot humphries suspended?
bronxbombers1215::Because he did absolutely nothing wrong, if you actually watched the altercation.
nets1fan_::NOTHING BUT NETS 2012 AND BEYOND!!!!.......YA'HEARD!!!!  ;-)
PackerKnutts::One night, Stephen Jackson tried to stay awake, because he was too scared to fall asleep after watching the Blair Witch Project. He tried drinking some Pop with caffeine, but it didn't work. So off he went to Duncan Donuts for some coffee, but there was only one parking spot left. It was on the street, and he wasn't a very good parallel Parker. So Stephen decided to go back home and watch the ManU vs Chelsea game, but he couldn't get the cable to work. He had to Neal down to see what was wrong. He found that his cable Splitter had been chewed through by the dog! He had to rewire it himself, connecting all the wires, including the Green one. But he didn't realize the lines were still hot and shocked himself. He yelled, "Diaw, that hurt!" Then he fell asleep and woke up with a Bonner.
Crooklynism::whos Chelsea?  is she hot?
PackerKnutts::One night, Stephen Jackson tried to stay awake, because he was too scared to fall asleep after watching the Blair Witch Project. He tried drinking some Pop with caffeine, but it didn't work. So off he went to Duncan Donuts for some coffee, but there was only one parking spot left. It was on the street, and he wasn't a very good parallel Parker. So Stephen decided to go back home and watch the ManU vs Chelsea game, but he couldn't get the cable to work. He had to Neal down to see what was wrong. He found that his cable Splitter had been chewed through by the dog! He had to rewire it himself, connecting all the wires, including the Green one. But he didn't realize the lines were still hot and shocked himself. He yelled, "Diaw, that hurt!" Then he fell asleep and woke up with a Bonner.
YANKEES1FAN_::NYCE WIN NETS!!!! NOW BACK IT UP BY BEATING THE HEAT WITH SOME ICE COLD DEFENCE BROOKLYN STYLE!!!!  ;-)
BigEarle11::Huh?
GMEN525::It's been a while since I posted on a Nets board haha. I wish I could watch the games more. They are balling right now.
KORNETS::N!!!! E!!!! T!!!! S!!!!  NETS!!!! NETS!!!!! NETS!!!!!  GO BK GO BK GO!!!!
Premo S::the chants almost as doooshy as that guys profile pic .. stop flexing dude
rogerzcard::roid rage
nets1fan_::I ag1ee......no jets chants those guys dont knw what to do wtit thier team.
spcoon::unfortunately it's been going on for more than 20 years. i remember it happening in the stands during the DC and Kenny years. it's pretty douchey.
vect97::Yea i've been hearing it for a long time.
NYChe21::Please don't bring Jets chants to the Nets.  Please.
Rezo201::Random: Farmar is leading the Euroleague in scoring and Shelden is leading in rebounding. lol
KORNETS::Not surprising, especially Farmar hes awesome
thekola::alright, im out. i might come on here WAY after the game once all the heat "fans" and trolls clear out. cheers.
Rezo201::I had nightmares about this man for a while. lol  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6jdf75IcNA
DPetro10::I haven't missed a nets game in four years lol
DPetro10::Even when I'm chilled with friends I make them watch it lol
Rezo201::It's sad, right? lol
Rezo201::I go back to the Cassell and Gill days. Remember when Kerry was suppose to be our next star? Smh
vect97::I missed those days too! Can't forget The Hammer! RIP. Remember Robert Pack? I used to like his game man. He was a quick lil guy.
mdog11abc::remember Yinka Dare, rest in peace
KORNETS::I LOVE THOSE DAYS!!! KENDALL GILL WAS MY BOY!!! SAM THE MAN TOO!
KORNETS::MAN OF STEAL BABY!! 12 vs the Heat
tmacny34::Remember the nets games on sat nite on WWOR CHANNEL 9
tmacny34::yea Kerry was a good player
BJSaxMan93::remember Zoran Planinic?
Rezo201::I sure do.
thekola::he was ok. just didnt go next level.
thekola::van horn was kinda soft but could ball. marbury was a SG that ran the point. that ball hog was annoying.
Rezo201::Kerry was decent, but not what the experts expected him to be. I do miss Van Horn though. lol
BJSaxMan93::Heisman Driskel is such a troll....
thekola::well he is taking his team being horrible very badly. i think at one point he tried to claim the heat, lol
tmacny34::Words for nets fan how many of you guy were Nets fans last year or for the last several year i respect longstanding nets fans who went to Brendan Bryne Arena aka Izod center and  the Rock in Newark who have stood by them for years so many New so-called Nets fans now i think its the colors lmao.
Premo S::been a nets fan since 1999, but I think there's nothing wrong with the new NETs fans, I mean they did move to an entirely new city - you figure they're gonna pick up plenty of new NY fans since not many in NY were traveling to IZOD center back in the day
vect97::Been following them since the Daly days. I think Stephen A Smith said it this morning on the radio, Something like the more the Nets win the more people are going to root for them. People like winners. So if they keep this up, expect a lot more fans to come out the woodworks. I don't mind man..the more the merrier.
trustdestruction::Nowhere near as bad as the heat bandwagon though
spcoon::i go back to '81 with otis birdsong, darwin cook, mike gminski and mike o'koren. grew up in jersey, lived in brooklyn for years... i'm loving this team.
KORNETS::MIss the KVH, JWilliams, KK, KGill, Sam CASSELL!  Dont forget Shawn Bradley! lol
KORNETS::Been a FAN FOR 20 FRICKIN YEARS
joe kj2::I've been a Nets fan since 2000 and there is absolutely NO ONE worse in NBA history than Josh Boone. That guy didn't even belong in college basketball no less even sniffing the NBA.
KORNETS::NO Yinka Dare
Emoney321000::I've been a Nets fan ever since I started playing basketball when i was 5 in '98
tmacny34::Remember the nets games on sat nite on WWOR CHANNEL 9
tmacny34::Sam Bowie sucked too,hey i cant even say nothing im a knicks fan lmao
thekola::my bro is a knicks fan. personally i root for them when they arent playing the nets.
tmacny34::Yinka Dare wow he sucked!
thekola::yep. remember that puma deal that dude had? hope he saved that money, lol
NYChe21::Since 2002.  And yes, I watched every game last year.
super_mario1_64::I know a lot of bandwagon Nets Fans that go to my college
BJSaxMan93::I'm 19 year old who has been a proud fan since 2002!
DPetro10::Been a fan since 2000 Jason kid days I have almost all his rookie cards I have been two three games and my basement is New Jersey and Brooklyn nets stuff I'm a due hard fan
thekola::been a nets fans since coleman, anderson days. been through alot of bad and some good times.  lowlights include  - petrovic dying, drafting freaking yinka dare, post title runs when they gutted the team to sell it, aforementioned coleman, anderson days.   highlights include two years they went to the championship, now, and thats pretty much it.
KORNETS::Me too, I miss Petrovic!!
thekola::yeah, that was last year. and sundiata gaines. those guys had no business in the nba
NYChe21::You forgot Johan Petro.
tmacny34::@ Rezo so how you feel about these fake a.s.s. Net fans then
Rezo201::I been a Nets fan since I was a kid, my older bro forced it upon me. I lived nightmares with them, leave us alone and go away.
Rezo201::A sign of a good team is when you can sleepwalk through a win. The Nets played in my opinion average at best tonight and still won by a comfortable margin from late in the 3rd on. Bad teams and average teams lose when they do that.
JohnWilkinsonJr::I see Jerry Stackhouse didn't play in this game, coaches decision.  Let's see Stackouse is at least as big a star as Danny Green of the Spurs.  So let's see it seems to be $62,500 per star for sitting.  Nets, you're fined $62,500.  New David Stern policy.
Premo S::idiotic post .. Stackhouse doesn't start - Danny Green does
spcoon::he wasn't sent home... on southwest airlines. pop was looking to get fined.
BJSaxMan93::thank goodness he's leaving....
thekola::david stern is a jerk.
thekola::any word on lopez? i know they said rays were negative and it was just a sprain but anyone hear anything else?
Rezo201::He should be back after the Heat game.
thekola::yeah, thats what i heard last also. dunno why they didnt do an mri just to be safe but no news is good news i guess.
Rezo201::The Brooklyn Nets aren't going away, they're just getting started. You haters need to go find something else to do. Try getting a life maybe?
tmacny34::NYK!!!!!
DannyMarino131::Brooklyn bandwagon fans = Miami heat fans last year lol
DannyMarino131::maybe you should read it again..let me know when you get it right bud lol
DannyMarino131::lol 159 you just admitted you're an idiot. i figure i would have to tell you that since you prolly didnt realize it.
159Yanks::Maybe you should read it again because I was clearly talking about you
DannyMarino131::well i guess jersey people cant read...i wrote Brooklyn BANDWAGON fans not Brooklyn fans....im out MOST of you are idiots.
NYChe21::Like I said, they just got to BK.  New home, new fans.  That's like calling OKC crowd a bunch of bandwagon fans.
thekola::good riddance.
159Yanks::Idiots like you
Nicholas_Tuttle::been a fan since the kidd carter days but of course they are going to be bandwagon fans they are in a new arena, new city
thekola::the miami fans are mostly bandwagon fans that dont even seem to understand the game.
thekola::born and raised in jersey. been a fan of the nets maybe longer than youve been alive
Nicholas_Tuttle::yeah youve been a member since 02' thats when I still had dial up lol
The Real Soda Popinski::Hahaha Dan Marino
159Yanks::Prove that we are bandwagoners.
NYChe21::Except that Miami has been in Miami for 20 years.  The Nets just got to BK.  And half those bandwagon fans are disillusioned Knicks fans.
footbawlll::a hemorrhoid &gt; Danny Marino
DannyMarino131::footbawll &lt; time i spend on the crapper
Rezo201::The Heat have beaten Denver 2x, ATL, Houston, Suns 2x, Bucks, Cavs, Spurs bench, and the Bobcats. You have the NERVE to question our wins??????????
theheatison136::You forgot them slapping Nets by 30
vect97::lol at "Spurs Bench"
jbtitan100::i question their wins also lol
NYChe21::How many road games have they even played.  They've played at home as much or more than the Nets have.
tedescoboy4411::It's still hard for me to say the Brooklyn Nets rather than New Jersey Nets... but in any case, GO NETS!!!
vect97::I had to stop myself from typing New Jersey about 3 times so far.
Emoney321000::@nets magazine is still using the old nets logo.
NYChe21::It seems as though this board goes like this:  Show pride that your team is taking care of business and all of a sudden thats the same as saying your team is gonna beat everybody and win the chip.      Nah, thats not accurate.  Nets are playing well, looking good, beating teams by double digits because those teams should be beat by double digits.  You can't hate on that.
thekola::exactly.  trolls coming out of the woodwork is a strange thing to see. guess people are taking notice.
PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES 08 CHAMPIONS::PHILLY IS COMING
CupidsboW55::PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES 08 CHAMPIONS - PHILLY IS COMING  hahahahahahaha
PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES 08 CHAMPIONS::"Yeah ok". Try again.
footbawlll::Philadelphia really does suck man....Eagles- awful, Phillies- mediocre, Flyers- got owned by the Devils/choke in the playoffs every year, Sixers- well, there ok, but we all know they arent winning anything   Plus Philly fans are the most obnoxious, disgusting, nasty people ever....
footbawlll::Philadelphia sucks bro
Sam58548::To the Heat fans...I'm a Spurs fan...and we sent our main players home to rest and you beat our bench by 5? Seriously?
Nicholas_Tuttle::Yeah it seems to me like half of the heat fans are bangwagoners. Not sure if its cause of their big 3 or what
Nicholas_Tuttle::dont even get those heat fans started. they are the worst
vect97::Sam58548 - Yeah...I should know better, They just dont understand how good the Nets are gonna be...or maybe they do and are scared.  I doubt the Heat are scared of the Nets. They are maybe 2 years away from a championship caliber team. Nets still need some work but this is a great start in a new venue.
Sam58548::Yeah...I should know better, They just dont understand how good the Nets are gonna be...or maybe they do and are scared.
YinBallaz::I think if the Nets at least show up tomorrow we can get some damned peace on these boards eventually...
PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES 08 CHAMPIONS::GO 76ERS
jmachs88@aim.com::Yeah your taking care of business but the nets have really beat no one. Best team you beat was the Knicks. If you beat the heat then I will give you credit.
spcoon::jmachs88@aim.com - Yeah your taking care of business but the nets have really beat no one. Best team you beat was the Knicks. If you beat the heat then I will give you credit.  why would anyone care about the credit you're doling out?
CupidsboW55::jmachs88@aim.com - Yeah your taking care of business but the nets have really beat no one. Best team you beat was the Knicks. If you beat the heat then I will give you credit.  Moron.
jmachs88@aim.com::Oh you could have fooled me lol
jmachs88@aim.com::You.have.beat.no.one. the clippers, trail blazers and Celtics are average at best. Nothing to write home about. You mad?
DrumPunk100::We are 11-4... I'm so MADDDDD!!!
NYChe21::Nah, I like beating teams that the Nets should beat.
DrumPunk100::Nets beat Clippers.... "You ain't beat no one yet!"  Nets beat Knicks..... "You ain't beat no one yet!"  Nets beat Celtics..."You ain't beat no one yet!"  Nets beat Celtics again..."You ain't beat no one yet!"  -Orlando Magic fan
159Yanks::Good teams are supposed to beat teams you are supposed to beat
Rezo201::So we have to beat the champs to get credit? Shut the F up.
159Yanks::and Portland
Sam58548::Beat no one? They are on a 5 game winning streak and I think the Knicks and Clippers are a part of that streak...
159Yanks::Also beat the Clippers and Celtics twice.
DannyMarino131::Enjoy your Eastern Conference outing this year nets fans...You are the same team as Orlando was these past 5-6 years. Overpaid players that will get you far but not far enough. Pray that DWILL doesnt get hurt.
vect97::Orlando is and was a mess with divas. This nets team is a hard nosed blue collar team. No way are they similar in any way.
DannyMarino131::footbawlll rid of people like me? you mean someone who went through what yall are going through now and made a logical post?
YinBallaz::Lopez is looking at a breakout year in these next years or so. So I'm optimistic.
DrumPunk100::I will take that over what they've been doing the past several years. Now they are actually WATCHABLE!
DannyMarino131::nice comeback?! and congrats on being the cool guy of the forum
footbawlll::just trying to do my part and rid this board of people like you, but thanks anyway
footbawlll::hey buddy....nobody cares what you think
footbawlll::If the Nets beat the Heat tomorrow I will be so happy...
BJSaxMan93::I'd hope so, but no Lopez is a big deal
Loyal Sports Fan::Same here...anyone who can beat the heat is good in my book.
joe kj2::Don't see it happening, but hey if the Spurs can hang with these guys without Ginobli, Parker, and Duncan, then I don't see any reason why the Nets can't.
PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES 08 CHAMPIONS::PHILADELPHIA 76ERS WOULD SLAM CROOKLYN
CupidsboW55::PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES 08 CHAMPIONS - PHILADELPHIA 76ERS WOULD SLAM CROOKLYN  Bring it on loser
Rezo201::I think it's getting very close to that point where Billy needs to extend Avery.
vect97::Yeah I'm not sold on Avery yet. He's good and I think he's a players coach, but think he is still young(in regards to coaching) and can grow. If he has a good season or two, definitely keep him around, but we need to be winning at least 45 or 50 games a year.
Nicholas_Tuttle::Not so fast dude it's just 15 games
YinBallaz::but I like the job he's doing so far
YinBallaz::Let's not be too hasty now. There are plenty of better coaches...*coughphiljackson*
luckedout26::Prokhorov better get his checkbook ready for the fine they are going to get for resting Stackhouse.
DrumPunk100::I foresee coaches telling their players to pretend that their hurt so they can sit out and rest. I wonder what Dictator Stern would do then...
thekola::stern is wrong for that nonsense.
thekola::for the record, i will not be on this board much tomorrow. the type of element that goes to heat boards is way to annoying to deal with during the game.
Nicholas_Tuttle::True thats cause half of the heat fans are little kids. It seems like all the little kids like Lebron.
thekola::and then you have the heat trolls too. between the two of those groups the boards are a joke
Heisman Driskel::AKA I know the Heat are going to destroy my joke team.
CupidsboW55::Heisman Driskel - AKA I know the Heat are going to destroy my joke team.  Not!!!
thekola::nice try. good luck with harkless and afflalo. they seem liek future superstars. lol
Sam58548::Magic fans just dont get it....do they? Portland and Charolette both offered Brook Lopez a max deal. So if the Magic didnt want Lopez...fine...take the Lopez, Brooks, and four 1st round picks...and flip Lopez to the Bobcats or Trailblazers for more youth and picks. How easy is that? You guys got crushed in the Laker deal because your GM is a joke.
Heisman Driskel::You wouldn't be able to trade Lpez for at least another year dumb a s s
Sam58548::wrong...he would be tradable by the deadline. No name calling please...
Loyal Sports Fan::Why do we keep bringing up the past? It is what it is. As a Magic fan, I just have to accept it.
vect97::Dude I'd rather have Lopez and Brooks. I'm glad things turned out the way it did. I think if we had Dwight, we would probably have a worse record than we do now.
Sam58548::Sorry, man...just saying...
Rezo201::11-4 with the number 1 D in the NBA and people still talk sh*t. You can spot the trolls from real NBA fans very easily.
Heisman Driskel::It's still November kid... Get back at me in April when the Nets are being bounced in the 1st round.
Rezo201::When your team will be preparing their #2 pick. lol
Heisman Driskel::Nets fans cocky.. LMFAO..You have a declining PG who's numbers are dropping by the year..The worst contract in sports in Joe Johnson.. And a max contract to a soft no defense playing no rebounding center? LMFAO!! Yes the Magic are in rebuilding mode but you clowns are far from championship caliber yourselves without much room to improve.
Homerdoh28::3-0 against your pathetic Mickey Mouse basketball team.  Two 5 game winning streaks in 1 month is impressive.  Joe Johnson and Gerald Wallace starting to hit their shots is the scariest thought for  the rest of the conference.  (Deron isn't declining - he's playing through a sprained wrist you dummy).
YinBallaz::And we're not cocky unlike you $@%!$@% heat fans.
YinBallaz::Not declining. Only 28 years old. Injuries are preventing him from shooting well, but still a floor general. Joe Johnson does have a terrible contract, but if the nets make the playoffs this year (and hopefully more) it'll be worth it. Lopez is the leader in blocked shots and the reason his rebounding stat is so low last year is because he only played like what? 3 games? So fu.ck your sh.it
NYChe21::There is approximately one team close to a championship.  Everybody else is catching up, so that's not even the point.
footbawlll::Look pal,  We kicked you $@% tonight.  Thats all there is to it.  Now go away and stop your queer little comments about "cocky Nets fans"
thekola::OMG, you're right. can we please have afflalo and harkless. we'll give you anything, lol
Homerdoh28::ho hum - another win against the Magic- Crash guarding LeBron will be worth the price of admission.  More Reggie Evans PT works for me.
joe kj2::I'm glad the Nets have been kicking Orlando's a**. I would love nothing more to rub it in to their gm and franchise. Hopefully next time we look to win by 40 over them.
159Yanks::Will be playing them one more time in our house
elchupanibre6::Nets looking very good this season
TheCronoMasterMind::Seems like this year there are much more Nets fans than I seem to remember in the last few years. Either at least a third of these guys are bandwagon fans, they just decided to come out of the woodwork randomly, or they are merely trolls. Props to the actual Nets fans that stuck through with the team in the good, and the bad. Glad to see your team being mentioned in the same sentence as more elite teams this year. I'll keep rooting for the Magic regardless of their record, not because of it.
CupidsboW55::TheCronoMasterMind - Seems like this year there are much more Nets fans than I seem to remember in the last few years. Either at least a third of these guys are bandwagon fans, they just decided to come out of the woodwork randomly, or they are merely trolls. Props to the actual Nets fans that stuck through with the team in the good, and the bad. Glad to see your team being mentioned in the same sentence as more elite teams this year. I'll keep rooting for the Magic regardless of their record, not because of it.  Thanks
NYChe21::Been a Nets fan since Jason Kidd joined the team.  Ain't no other team worthy in the NY-NJ area since then.  Now there's 2.
CupidsboW55::NYChe21 - Been a Nets fan since Jason Kidd joined the team.  Ain't no other team worthy in the NY-NJ area since then.  Now there's 2.  Been a Net fan since Erving and Rick Barry in the ABA days.
159Yanks::Been a Nets fan since I became a NBA basketball fan.
DrumPunk100::I have been a Nets fan my whole life. We deserve to gloat especially after what we've had to deal with the past few years.
KORNETS::Ive been a fan for 20 years buddy
TheCronoMasterMind::Hence why I said "either at least a third of these guys..." and was giving props to actual fans buddy.
footbawlll::every time a team goes from bottom to top your gonna have those bandwagoners
BJSaxMan93::LOL at these Magic trolls talking trash as if the Magic is the team with the better future.
DannyMarino131::dude as a magic fan let me tell u it matters....look at our team now...turks, rashads, and arenes contracts killed us! We couldnt make trades or sign anybody to get us over that edge.....and yall will not be beating the heat or OKC so you are the mold of the MAGIC the past few years
DannyMarino131::LOL at these nets fans with an often inured max paid center....Joe Johnson's terrible contract.....Gerald wallace overpaid contract......If deron williams gets hurt EVER then your team is done!
thekola::money is no object. people keep talking about the contracts like that matters.
thekola::what are you saying. we all know that afflalo harkless and vuvucic make a solid core to build a team around, lol
footbawlll::I hoped the magic would be terrible for years after they turned down the Nets great offer out of spite.  Everything is going to plan haha
