Harman Singh Sidhu::The officiating has been brutal
George Jimas::they don't like the raptors, it's always been that way.
Alex Manzo::Lol, blaming the refs. Lakers are depleted and turnover prone (averaging 20 a game). Raptors got outplayed.
Genya Kilimnik::Lol obvious Alejandro did not watch the game. I bet you had fun checking the stat line though seeing your team finally win.
Michael Egan::Lakers 111 108
Christopher Williams::Nah.
Genya Kilimnik::I was going for the Raptors but that is a hell of a prediction 14 hrs ago Michael Egan. Best I have seen ever on these boards you only missed by 3 pts good job sir.
Tim Pruitt::nice!  What's the line on the superbowl haha
Peter Birnbaum::Kelly might just be another Laker draft pick that amounts to something really solid.  Yes, he's a replacement for an injured player, but he's showing that he's efficient and makes good decisions and takes quality shots.  So he doesn't demand the ball all the time and he will be a good compliment to this team when Kobe gets back.  Maybe a Bobby Jones type player with more versatility as a shooter and less as a rebounder.
Tim Pruitt::Kelly is fairly versatile.  It's about time the Lakers gave him his shot.
Christopher Elliott::Kendall Marshall though...
Bless Williams::Lol, check my insta
Mario Generelli::the officials are fixing more games in the NBA again that league should be shut down no integrity at all!
Tony Stewart::we need young to play like this all the time bring that passion and fire off the bench
Ken Molinaro::One of the worst refereed games I have ever seen.
Jo Ryan Salazar::These idiots on the Lake Show are not following the script. They're supposed to tank the season for the sake of the Draft, not start going on a tear! Carajo!
Matt Rausch::The last time the Seattle Seahawks played in the NFC Championship game, it was the same day Kobe scored 81 points.  Ironically against the Raptors.  Too bad Kobe couldn't play.
Dave Crowder::Next year, Lakers need to lose Nash and Kaman; and maybe Gasol and Blake. The are all well over 30, have multi-million $ contracts and just don't produce.
Eric Wagman::I'm going with Raps win 98-88, with the score making the game seem closer than it actually is. Expecting a quick start by the Lakers, keep it close till the early 3rd, then Raps hit the gas and pull away
Cory Gardley::@eric wagman well your wrong already
Peter Birnbaum::Yeah, except if you'd been following the Lakers you would see that they've been down at the start of games only to come back and either win or make it close in a loss.  It's like your comments are 180 degrees off LOL.  Nice try.
Scott Baker::Peter Birnbaum, what Lakers team have you been watching? The Lakers are notorious for tanking in the 3rd quarter!
Genya Kilimnik::ohh that's horseshit another bail out call wtf. One on kelly one on young all in winning time. Whatever Lakers aren't going to complain.
Tj Kennedy::ur making yourself look bad stop crying Lol
Bethaney Coultier::Masai should still fire sale this team. I mean, how low can you sink losing to a team full of ret.ards like the Lakers. what a joke
Alex Manzo::How mature of you to call athletes names because they beat your team.
Andy Chase Lippers::this game is weird Toronto get in front by double digits and Lakers just keep coming out of no where
Will Drake::Kendall Marshall is a beast
Fjodor Balla::Just what the Lakers need...the Rapetors
Kelvin Maranan::You think Lakers is better than Raptors this season?
Kelvin Maranan::@Fjodor Balla: you wrote "Rapetors" Kobe should apply as a starting forward
Fjodor Balla::Kelvin Maranan - i know what I wrote...lol
Justin Prater::go lakers
Visitor Welcome::Finally!  We have a Los Angeles Lakers 'Player'. Nick Young, has brought nothing but exhiliration to a long time LA Laker's fan. I have been a fan for 22 years, I wear my LA Lakers earrings proudly.  I am so greatful to be able to watch this "Player  Genius'. Hallelluyah!  Now Kobe can relax and do whatever he wants, he is the main man, alwaysin my book, for it was him who gave me back my love for watching Basketball. "You Go Ko, Be the  Best."  Although, I must attribute my association with the game in the beginning, while yet a teenager, with watching my brothers, JDP and LEP, "Tare The Court Up, In Yonikers, NY" one.  Again, years later through watching MVP "5-Ten Scoonie Penn" ball in Ohio, State and across Europe.  All these men leave in our hearts a sense of appreciation and comfort, as they have and continues to excite us in a positive way, in this great game "Basketball".  Peace Be Unto You, THCMCCCHC-BAHT
Vascoo Darriel::KOBE must quick quick heal your knee and achille tendon...and must careful his body and being smart....in return playing welll and easy easy and relax relax everygame...must prepare...and take care take care every game and ALL LAKERS ROSTER MUST CAREFUL AND RELAX AND EASY AND TAKE CARE EVERY GAME....AND GOD BLESS....GOD BLESS KOBE COME BACK AND NEW KOBE NEW KOBE AND STRONG STRONG AND HIGHLEVEL ELITE PLAYER AND MUCH STRONGER MUCH STRONGER AND SUCCESS CAREER WITH LA LAKERS.....and breaking the score of kareem abdhul jabbar kobe new number 1 scoring leader pts in nba history kobe is number 1 period...
Rodney Starr::Nice win Lakers! Players did a great job of bailing out D'antoni after his usual clueless substitutions. When will he learn that he can never have Hill and Sacre on the floor at the same time. It's a cluster on the offensive end when they are on the floor together! Someone must of slapped some sense into him because he didn't go back to that combo in the second half. I do have to give him credited for inserting Ryan Kelly into the starting line-up. I like the chemistry on both ends of the court with that group.
Matthew L Smith::DAntoni is f**ked for big guys. Kelly is the favourite at the moment getting big minutes, just like Sacre before him and Hill before him. I wonder how long that will last before he returns to playing Hill big minutes or Kaman big minutes and Kelly goes back to DNP-CD's.....So inconsistent with his minutes for the big guys. Would hate playing for him, no clue.
Vascoo Darriel::KOBE RETURN VERY NICE...WIN OR LOST KOBE NEED TO PLAY AND STUDY HOW TO PLAY A NEW KOBE AND PREPARE A HIGHLEVEL AND ELITE....AND HOW TO PLAY THE MUST CAREFUL HIS BODY AND TAKE CARE TAKE CARE EVERY GAME....AND BEING SMART..VOTE KOBE IS 2014 ALL STAR GAME....KOBE 2014 ALL STAR  GAME MVP....
Glenn Gamut::Anyone else notice that Pau is rounding into form?  In 2014 he is averaging 20.4pts, 11.4rbds, 4.4asts, 1.6blks, on 50% shooting and 75% from the line.  I know we have a losing record, but its nice to see him playing well after fighting through injuries.
Sixforty Evening Show::Nick Young is a Great Talent!!  Y'all (The Lakers) better show case that "Young" man and let him lead.  I hated to see him leave here in DC now that he's home and is that much comfortable, I think he is ready to take off if you ask me!!!
Mark McCoy::Why even bring Steve Nash's name up. He hasn't been a factor for the Lakers from the minute he ink'd his contract.  All the Lakers have done is provide Nash with a nice retirement fund.
