Rickster7218::Lowery is playing well for the Rockets, but you can't have a young guard like Jonny flynn sitting it does noting for his confidence.  I hope he gets traded again, the Knicks would be the perfect team for him...
91Gmoney9009::I feel bad for Piston fans. Their best player is Ben Gordon? I dont even think he would start on 75% of NBA teams.
NguyenDragon::This team cant get out of being mediocre...
Josh4274::What happened to all that talk about Monroe?! Shut down mode by that Rockets D! Lets make a run Rockets!~!!
asian_balla::just another darko?
CandySparker::Dale and Bear
mmostello::Dalembert is brutal.
CandySparker::
spurscowboys1312::PRINCE SIGHTING
spurscowboys1312::props to Gordon havin' a good game, glad to see u r doing well
spurscowboys1312::koo dalembert had a good game. am hella jealous spurs didn't get him lol great win Rockets, Texas Pride
asian_balla::not to mention he's cheaper than tyson chandler.  The spurs got splitter, but we all know he's just a bit underachieving...
cpaqpaq1::rockets will finish where they normally do....4 games over .500.   9th in the west.    14th pick in the draft......they either need to commit to losing or winning. no more mediocre teams!
ThirdCoastTexan::we are stuck in mediocrity. i almost dont like the dalembert signing because he made us that much better...i would almost prefer to tank in order to get a higher pick. just bad enough to not be able make the playoffs or lure top FA and just good enough to miss out on any good lottery players....*sigh*
asian_balla::"tank in order to get higher pick? wow talk bout some loser mentality.... higher pick dont guarantee you more wins dufus.
spurscowboys1312::they got best pg in the league right now. they almost got gasol. so they want to win. and trolling isn't best for your health. inless it's buggin' cspan lol funny
amyredden1::HEY WHERE SHOULD I COMMIT, UNC OR OHIO STATE???  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfVxUn1qC9k
k_nak::How come Detroit never seems to be in the discussion for the signing of the big free agents?  Detroit is a large market isn't it?  Looking at the roster it doesn't seem like they're in cap trouble or are they with Ben Gordon and Villanueva?  Those two guys seem like they'd be coming off the books pretty soon?
marcpru60::It is a very bad team with little hope. I would be inclined to go to watch how the "youngsters",  Knight and Monroe, if they played in Detroit. Kind of make an evening of it. The team does not have to be great to make a night of it. Guy above not kidding or exaggerating about landfill. I still might go see the youngsters a time or two once my disgust over some of vets getting paid big money to be stars, they are not stars and per view on tv have no heart, wears off some. But it will only be if someone gives me tickets - back to the not a date night possibility if in Detroit.
Motex::#`1 they dont play in the city of Detroit.. They are 30 minutes north of the city. When you go to the Palace there is nothing enticing around the area at all...Seriously you can see a landfill from the stadium..   The Gordon and Charlie V contracts are killers...  Dumars jonb should be on the line... there is NO reason the Cavs should be a better team @ this point in time than the Pistons.
rj10328::the Rockets are overlooked because of the big names that are part of the West. Hands down the Western Conference outplays and is more competitive than the east is. Look at the teams the Rockets have lost to, those teams are the best in the league right now. the Rockets are capable of talent but it is just overshadowed
Just1Texan::Notice how little attention the Rockets get now days... I love it.
andrefan11::Notice how little attention Houston sports get in general. Th Astros, fari enough, but the Texans overcame so much crap and still had a great season and the Rockets are getting it together and have already beat several good teams.
HollaIfYaHEMI::The Rockets could make a run here
rocketsin05::I really like this Houston team and the makeup of it as well. Dalembert was a great signing. He is great in rebounding and playing defense.
mjsk_g::Houston -2 1/2 in the second half!!!!! NICE!!!
ThirdCoastTexan::jeff adrien siting...
screwhead2305::so your saying jeff adrien had half of greg monroe's point production in 35 less minutes?? way to go jeff!!
Harbaugh Super Baugh::It would have been hilarious if Houston dumped their whole roster for Pau Gasol!! The guy is terrible
asian_balla::that trade was designed to favor lakers and hornets.  Not to mention NO aka david stern also wanted lowery along with martin and scola... freaking absurd.
Adrianch01::We would of probably signed Nene as well...
Adrianch01::He would of for a max contract..Who wouldn't?
ThirdCoastTexan::not even for a max contract?
Harbaugh Super Baugh::2 overrated PFs? Nene wasn't leaving Denver anyway
agliam_6::under and houston 2nd half looks real good!! hope yall played it!! 11-0 on my bets this week!
RacerX103::Why is Lowry not in?
RacerX103::Cool, I thought he may have gotten hurt and I missed it, thanks
agliam_6::their up by a lot. probably resting him
Adrianch01::No need for him..
RacerX103::Sorry, I just got home and turned the game on
champion_134::o/u pistons end up with 85
mlevkowitz::Alright Houston fans, I've only caught one Rockets game this season...just saw that Kyle Lowry has the 5th highest PER in the league (http://nyfwc.com/?p=3326)...any chance that holds up? Did he take a monster leap this year, or what?
mlevkowitz::But even if I buy into a top 5 PG, a top 5 overall PER?
asian_balla::might be a top 5 PG in the west....
ThirdCoastTexan::started at the end of last year....in the second half of the season last year, he was arguably a top 5 PG
agliam_6::take out the bench players!!! their horrible!! $@%!$@ teams gotta start thinking about the gamblers! lol!
Allen4875::this game taking ff ever 2 play
nflatic::the houston rocket radio play by play guys are the worst in the business
rj10328::i love all the Houston commentators they are the best in the business
Adrianch01::I can't stand Matt Bullard..
aggiefanatic2011::No he said radio
aggiefanatic2011::my bad man i misread
ThirdCoastTexan::i know...i mentioned them for comparison purposes
cj luke::Worreal is great cant stand Clyde
ThirdCoastTexan::ya worrell isnt that bad...he just kind of annoys me sometimes
ThirdCoastTexan::worse than bill warrell and clyde drexler?
eddiiees::first 1000 fans get a  free turnover tonight.
ThirdCoastTexan::quit throwing the ball to the officials, Scola!!
d.mccue83::the Heat have outscored the Spurs 36-7 in the 3rd qtr so far.lol wow..thats the most insane thing i've ever heard of..
d.mccue83::yeah i picked up chalmers on my fantasy team on  a hunch yesterday after hearing about Wade..if they ever made chalmers the focal point of the offense...there would be ZERO drop off when Wade is sidelined...chalmer could average 20 pts 8 ast 5 reb 2 stl 3-3PM. shoot 50% and 85%...he's completely capable of being a franchise player if needed to..he's proven it over and over..last week when Wade sat he put up 29 pts 8 ast 7 reb 3 stl 1 blk 4 TO 10-21 FG 6-6 FT and 3-3PM....that just shows why the Heat are soo good..the role players are insanely undervalued...Chalmers. Cole. Haslem. Miller. Jones. and Lebron is just flat out filthy right now.
agliam_6::lebrons a beast!
thefinest65::It was insane to watch Lbj and charmers just kept coming down court pulling up and draining 3's, arena was going nuts
swami30::ouch rockets layin an egg against the worst team in the nba  sux for u guys
ThirdCoastTexan::quit freaking turning the ball over Houston!!!
DetKoolAid::hey down only 7 with our best player not scoring yet, hopefully monroe gets it going. He has been playing great this year
mibob68::bet 160 easy win going to bed  game over  nite nite
screwhead2305::glad to see c lee back out there
screwhead2305::what happened to monroe being better than scola?? lol
screwhead2305::1 of 6.. 2 points
screwhead2305::scola has been doing this even before lowry.. i was just responding to all the non sense i saw on here earlier..
ThirdCoastTexan::lol ya, "Monroe &gt; Scola + all their centers"....what a joke lol
agliam_6::hahaha! scola is ballin today!
d.mccue83::Free GREG MONROE....don't let him suffer the same waste of talent KG did in Minnesota.
UpGnotes::Houston -2 2nd hf o/u 93 ????? What does everyone think
UpGnotes::High scoring game
agliam_6::even denver at -3 was a good play good games to make money on today college basketball colorado vs. boise. i took colorado -7
agliam_6::i put 3g's on the jazz -4. and i played the spurs earlier +8
d.mccue83::Monroe's last 5 game averages: 20 pts 10 reb 3.2 ast 1.2 stl 0.6 blk 1.8 TO .571 FG .900 FT.......and he's given 3 shots in the 1st half....i've been saying all year Kuester. Skiles. and Gentry are the 3 worst coaches in the league..they insanely mis-coach their teams more than any words can describe.
screwhead2305::how is that coaches fault.. he has a lot of young players and the way the game flows dictates who gets more shots.. brandon knight can light it up as well.. monroe needs to make his impact on the boards and defense.. get put backs and hustle plays
fantasyhoss::is this on fox?
fantasyhoss::ok thank u
fantasyhoss::if its played in houston im pretty sure itll be on fox or nbatv...
ThirdCoastTexan::nope, FSN
Envy II::It's Pay-Per-View. Sorry, only rich folks can watch this game
xxxRollTideRollxxx::whats the sec half play
mjsk_g::Win another 3 on the second half!! Take HOUSTON!!!
agliam_6::won 3 grand on the first half
agliam_6::-2 rockets. play it. detroit is horrible in the second half
D3adly Joker::any chance Houston covers the -8?
agliam_6::yup
mibob68::who cares
cford5444::Bulls fan here. How do Pistons fans feel about Ben Gordon?
pistons6684::He's a waste of money.
mibob68::half a point in 2 nd half no problem u WIN !!!
knowep::easy money on Houston first half -4 lol
mibob68::7 at the half
mibob68::no worries detroit fold in 4 th quarter
dominick marotta::houston needs to at least cover the teaser but need them to cover the 7.5 also
Chompster777::Is it weird to be a spurs fan and a texans fan? (i hate rockets)
ThirdCoastTexan::it is kinda weird, because San Antonio is cowboy country...but not really because the Cowboys are garbage
