Joshua Pace::Jazz always dominate G.S. We've already beat them once this year let's do it again
Nate Fischer::Fictional statement. These teams have not met this season.
Joshua Pace::We smoked you in pre season @nate
Joshua Pace::@Nate will continue this Monday.
Peter Barney::Go JAZZ win.
Harold Nations::The warriors bench WAS weak, now it's invisible (except for Harrison Barnes).  My prediction, they finish with no better a record than last year.  Iggy doesn't make up for what they lost in getting him (even though he is playing very well).
Tony Ellis::Utah really should be better than they are. They have the talent, they just...wow, man. And Golden State's playing at an incredibly high level, although I expect Klay and Iguodala to regress somewhat as the season goes on.
Joshua Pace::What's the lead now? When Golden State tanked did their team ever compete like the Jazz are tonight? Love how these Golden State fans act like there organization is elite. They haven't done anything in what 20 + years
Jonathan Davis::I get it, you're mad. Utah is a Grade-A organization with a rich history but no team in any sport is immune to rough patches. Some last longer than others and some seem to always be on top. The truth is there are ups and downs in sports and the TRUE fans of any team stick with said teams through them. Show some respect for an opponent that is clearly on the rise, finally. See you on Monday.
Craig Williams::Um, it's called good fans who have stuck with their team no matter what. Every national telecast of a Warriors game you hear the sportscaster say that this fan base is the best in the NBA
John Martin::Great balance from starters, Bogart stepping up. Bench is weak from losses from last year. Maybe the Warriors can pick up someone. Have to see them as legit contenders.
Joey Miller::I want to congratulate the Utah Jazz for winning their very first game of the season.  Who knows...maybe by the end of the year, they might have five wins!!!  Go Warriors, beat up the Jazz.
Eugene Knoh::I'm happy that Curry is facilitating more and that he doesn't need to be making bunches of threes but I want him to put up some points preferably in threes
Tony Ellis::You a Warriors fan or just own him in fantasy?
Eugene Knoh::Tony Ellis  Warriors fan and I couldn't get him in fantasy :( but I got K love instead so I'm still happy
Tony Ellis::Eugene Knoh look at it this way. The Warriors don't need him taking as many shots anymore. Teams have to respect Klay, they have to respect Iguodala, they have to respect Lee and Bogut down low. That means they can't just double Curry. So, there's no sense in forcing the issue and having him take a ton of shots...the ones he does take, he's more likely to make since defenses can't key on him as much. Plus, he won't be as worn out on the defensive end if he doesn't have to carry the load offensively.
Brian Peterson::WTH is with this Jazz team?  They look like high schoolers playing..  1-9 record.. WOW, every team should play their bench against this team.
Tony Ellis::Thing is, Favors is an absolute beast, Kanter's inexperienced and better suited for European basketball but is still a very skilled scorer and rebounder who has a good midrange game, and Hayward is a very underrated stat stuffer who can shoot lights out at times and plays good defense. Richard Jefferson is a vet who has proven throughout the years that he can play, and although he isn't the player he once was, he still has that veteran savvy and is like a coach on the floor.  They just have no PG at the moment (until Burke comes back), and no bench, save Burks, who is a volume scorer who can either shoot you into a game or shoot you out of it.
James Lewis::Tony Ellis No no your drunk, go home
Chad Wiggins::two sorry ace foreign scrubs thanks for making sure i didnt get paid...  bums... go back to wherever the heck ur sorry butts came from
Anthony J Petroff::...Hayward is supposed to be a building block ?  Consistently, his numbers say otherwise.
Martín Polanco::I'm hoping for 15 3's tonight from my dubs!!! If it does happen, starters should be all resting by the 4th quarter
Cuong Nguyen::Too bad...game sets
John Martin::After the game against OKC the Warriors could not have a more exciting game. But this one should be a solid win.
Daniel Panda Jurado::Easy win for Warriors. Jazz only have one win on the season. Steph Curry won't even play the fourth quarter.
William Finlayson::Warriors should win but i will like to see the battle in the paint between the jazz and bogut and company
Dan Kuni::warriors-4.5 and over99.5?
Jose Trujillo::GSW vs Ind in the NBA finals would be epic
Tyler Wood::bazemoring time
Jalend Morris::WAT CHANNEL IT GOING TO BE ON
Martín Polanco::GO WARRIORS!!!
Martín Polanco::Warriors win 110-95
Sloto Mania::Jazz 5-77
Tony Ellis::False. They will improve when Burke comes back. And no way do the Jazz win less than 15 games at home. 5-36 on the road, sure, but Utah, like Denver and Golden State, is a very difficult place to play. Even when those three teams are terrible, they manage to finish relatively close to .500 at home - Denver and Utah because of the altitude mostly, and Golden State because the fans are so loud and intimidating.
Kyle Miller::Go Jazz!
Paola Michelle Ferreras::Esta noche los warriors le ganan a los jazz
Wendi Lowrey::.???  Hablamos ingles
