Ronald::After 3 quarters, dubs are consistently scoring 30+ points in each quarter.
Kobe For 3.....Clank!::Sixers were lucky the Warriors took their foot of the gas in the 4th.
Ronald::MCW 4 turnovers, 2 assist in 1-8 shooting. I guess he ran out of luck after winning 3 straight games.
CplaneLawr::The 76ers have been surprising, but they don't measure up. Yes, they beat 3 good teams, but the Warriors are pretty balanced and have more guys who can do more things than most teams. Bulls are not playing together yet. W's don't have to live by the 3, which they didn't shoot particularly well tonight, so how did they win? Oh, they play amongst the best DEFENSE in the league, they rebound and they get the ball out. Oh, and Curry controlled the rock better tonight...TRIPLE DOUBLE w/ 5 steals and only 2 TO's.  The loss to the Clips is not indicative of anything, because the Clips are good, they were at home, they were angry and the W's were on the back end of back-to-back games. Still, they were a team without health last year and finished 9 behind the Clips, so we shall see. One thing of note, however, is that with the starters in the games in their 3 wins, they BLEW out the opponents so they could rest the starters in the 4th...meaning that the final scores were not indicative of the domination that they showed. So, what we have is 3 blowouts against weak to mediocre teams, and a bad beat down on the road to one of the top 8 teams in the league on the back of 2 in a row. I am, so far, disappointed in the play of the reserves when the starters come out. Obviously when Barnes and Ezeli get healthy that will change some. O'Neal still seems to have a lot left in the tank, but his shooting touch (he was never great, but he has been really poor) is missing. Toney Douglas and Maurice Speights should be showing more than they have-worrisome.
Rodney::Dubs should open up an Indian Bakery with all the Curry Turnovers we are seeing.
fiveredapples::Go Sixers!  The two best things about this 3-0 start is the confidence it's instilling in the young guys and the trade value of Turner and Hawes going up.  Props to the Sixers, though.  They are showing maturity in sticking to their game when down late.  That's impressive for a young squad.  They are also fun to watch.  And, come on, what if your team beat Miami and Chicago already?  Heck, your team probably won't manage that all year, so the Sixers get respect.  Now, please, trade Turner and Hawes while they're hot.
Rainbow Dash::Congrats on the triple double, Curry!
v.j::by the end of the game both team will be 3-1
Bekap::Reality check for all the MCW nut huggers! Philly is going to watch the Playoffs on tv
Commenter::All the 76ers fans can come back to earth now..
