Eddy Curry Comeback Player Of The Year::For comparison, 90s Bulls Win Share leaders:  1998:  Jordan <b>(Championship)</b> 1997:  Jordan <b>(Championship)</b> 1996:  Jordan <b>(Championship)</b> 1995:  Pippen (2nd round loss) 1994:  Pippen (2nd round loss) 1993:  Jordan <b>(Championship)</b> 1992:  Jordan <b>(Championship)</b> 1991:  Jordan <b>(Championship)</b> 1990:  Jordan (Conference Finals loss)
R Bond::Did anyone else see the Re-Dirk-ulous, Vin-santy potential of this team?!  WOW!  There was no one on the other team that could check either one of those guys when they are healthy!  smh
R Bond::Ricky C. needs to encourage Roddy B. the way he nurtured &amp; encouraged JJ.  Roddy had his best games when Casey was coaching the team.    Rick- reach out privately to the young fella to have the same impact that you had on JJ!  Lamar did well- he really needs to look ahead in the game the way Magic &amp; Jordan did to move his game to the next level.  You got to think ahead.
BullsBearsBlackhawksCubs::vote brian scalabrine for all-star game
barronBep::Have any of you guys been playing DailyStreak and the Perfect Bracket at Perfect Streak . c o m? I stumbled upon that site a couple of days ago and just won $500 in cash yesterday! You just pick the teams to win in NBA, NCAAB, NCAAF without any spreads involved and the person with the best record, walks away with the prize! coolest site in the world
mark35345::The first Lamar Odom sighting of the season: he's great against weak teams like the Suns but will disappear again against any playoff contender. it took Lamar this many games to show up and actually play.
R Bond::Lamar did well- he really needs to look ahead in the game the way Magic &amp; Jordan did to move his game to the next level. You got to think ahead.  I saw him jack up a few shots when motion in the offense stopped.  He needs to be more of a floor general when the offense looks like its going to stall (look ahead).  Rick needs to talk directly to him &amp; never to him thru the media in the press conference. Just give praise there. (same thing with Roddy B)
CandySparker::Dirk Nowitzki's German Suplex is super.
A-led24::http://www.nbablast.com/
Vote for Brian Scalabrine 2012 All Star Game::I voted to send Brian Scalabrine to the All Star game in LA.  Make it happen. Send Brian to the All-Star Game on http://www.nba.com/ASB
Vote for Brian Scalabrine 2012 All Star Game::I voted to send Brian Scalabrine to the All Star game in LA.  Make it happen. Send Brian to the All-Star Game on http://www.nba.com/ASB
eliassteve::If Suns have any heart, they would trade Nash to a team that contends for a title like Dallas.
arizonasportsman::Nash will be rewarded after season. Suns going to trade Gortat for another first rounder and draft Drummond and Kidd-Gilchrist. Sign Deron and Dwight to hook up with Morris and Dudley. Queen James will be crying.
juicyj2400::lol
TectonicPlatter::Derp.
TubbyTime334::Nash and Dirk are my favorite players. What a Dream Match up.
iTzDiRkFoR3::dido
bgamron::Brian Cardinal has more rings than Steve Nash
A Red Stapler::Adam Morrison ;)
Joelrodwell14::steve nash deserve an NBA title
eliassteve::So does Karl Malone, Barkley and Ewing.
RiSe_4_I3aTTLe::Nash will go to Dallas for free.
wwsi pprofit::gotta love the national fixed league  6 points last 8 mins by dallas dooms the over
Jaxcomet::What kind of addict is betting on basketball games?....LOL
Giants_Fan_Mark::FREE STEVE NASH!
FreshandEasy12::After the first Jet 3 in the 4th qtr Gentry should've taken Telfair out.......he scored 12pts in the 4th!!!!
EvilShadow651::I don't care what seed Mavs are, as long as they win it when it matters the most. Hear that Lebron?
texasrami::HAPPY WITH THE WIN!!!!
Metta World War 3::West seeding  1. Lakers 2. Mavs 3. OKC 4. Portland 5. Griz 6. Denver 7. Spurs 8. Golden State
SportsCritic4u::1. OKC 2. Lakes 3. Blazers 4. Mavs 5. Denver 6. Spurs 7. Clips 8. Who cares..but umm Twolves or Warriors
Giants_Fan_Mark::call me crazy but im kinda high on the T-wolves this year.  they may be able to contend for that 8th spot
Halo1427::that isn't crazy at all...they're really ready to burst onto the scene.  2 impact rookies join a slimmed Love...oh wait I mean 3 - damn that's a deep team
metalhead6680::I could see that, with the Spurs future uncertain and Golden State not knowing what defense is, T-Wolves could sneak in
MrChalkyWhite::Isn't Zach Randolph injured? I don't think they'll be that high...
EvilShadow651::I got OKC ahead of the Mavs and Lakers but blow it to either team because they're too young
metalhead6680::There going to be a scary team for years to come
metalhead6680::Clippers?
MrChalkyWhite::I didn't see this game, but why is Markieff Morris playing only 15 minutes, with Frye starting over him? Strange coaching...
FreshandEasy12::foul trouble
MrChalkyWhite::Ah, ok, that makes sense. I think Morris should be starting - the Suns should already miss the playoffs, might as well help the rookie improve with more playing time...as long as he can stay out of foul trouble.
I am Dirk Nowitzki::Now time for the Mavs too go on a 15 game winning streak
samwise_atx::Lakers fan's nightmare... seeing Odom go to the Mavs for nothing and then actually start to play well with them.
ShiloInn1985::Lakers are playing just as well without him. It's no sweat. You can have his contract. And his inconsistency.
Halo1427::Yep Odom's meshing with the team.  VC's stuffed stat line is nice too 7/6/5 in 22 min
EvilShadow651::You're right. Odom is capable of such feat. I mean, what's the biggest thing he's ever done? It's not like he won back to back championships...
TectonicPlatter::15 game winning streak with Odom on your team? Bull s.h.i.t.
Metta World War 3::Mavs are bout to go on a run in the next few games. They have a favorable schedule
Cowboys_Fan_I982::well GG Suns fans.. GL
BrianWolfskill::GG suns!
nogicat3::Well bye everyone. Tough to watch this team right now but we gotta fight through it.  GO SUNS!!!
metalhead6680::GG Suns! See yall next time!
Qster15::Marion you joker.. can't put up a layup... why are the Suns even calling a timeout? what do you think can happen with 11 secs left??? God shows up?
Qster15::Still would be down 1 pt
BrianWolfskill::8 points 9 seconds?  Too bad Reggie Miller isnt here
TectonicPlatter::Dallas is going to get a win? About time..lol. 3-4? Could be worse though.
EvilShadow651::Remember 07? Started 0 - 4. Ended 67 - 15...
RiSe_4_I3aTTLe::I wish Dallas could win it every year too.
RiSe_4_I3aTTLe::I wish Dallas could win it every year too.
10844Andrew::Kiss the ring.
EvilShadow651::Probably shouldn't pat yourself in the back then like your own comment. Makes you look desperate
EvilShadow651::Well you do know they had won ten less games last year and won it?
TectonicPlatter::If I remember Dallas didn't win a Championship that year. O.o Check and mate.
Johnnyyayo21::Mavs lost a huge 3 point threat in Peja   PEJA should have gave it another run at the title
mavsalltheway2011::Peja is very inconsistent.
RiSe_4_I3aTTLe::PEJA has no D in Dallas
nparikh2323029::marion u bum
BrianWolfskill::Nice rebound by Marion there.  Too bad he missed the putback
fsuseminole88::Dudley: goofy name, goofy game.
nogicat3::There is our 2 amazing big men gortat and frye
nogicat3::Suns have nothing from behind the arc this year
tommylarney::carry and offensive foul back to back possessions looks like refs r trying to help suns cover
Cowboys_Fan_I982::Why do they insist on having live performances during halftime shows?
metalhead6680::Those fat guys dancing are hilarous
Cowboys_Fan_I982::some country music i think
metalhead6680::Who was playing (in the concert)?
Cowboys_Fan_I982::sorry, i meant football games.. i switched over to espn and they were having a concert at halftime of the bowl game
Forkitout24::Grant Hill still looking for his first 3 pt FG for this year. That pretty much recaps the Suns.  I still love my Suns
AZfanatic44::Kind of want the suns to do bad because the upcoming draft is loaded with good players
AZfanatic44::Suns can get 8th seed or a pretty good draft pick... I would take the draft pick
Forkitout24::knowing the Suns they would rather get 8 seed.
EvilShadow651::Still don't look like much...
AZfanatic44::Well alot of juniors stayed because of the lockout so theres more good players
EvilShadow651::Not entirely...
arizonasting01::I love when Nash does those soccer moves..
Johnnyyayo21::Nash is a good shooter
Forkitout24::I have resorted to the fact that the Suns are a lotto team.
nogicat3::agreed
nogicat3::smart play gortat ugh
bgamron::Would like to see Roddy and Dojo get some mope up time. Damn you Carlisle.
BrianWolfskill::Why is Terry handling the ball instead of Kidd???
EvilShadow651::Terry is better at creating shots. Kidd can be a spot up...
bgamron::Terry is either red hot or a turnover machine
EvilShadow651::Still wouldn't trade him for Lebron...
arizonasting01::Gortat with 22-10
nogicat3::2012 is coming
Johnnyyayo21::Leborn still hasnt proved himself in the FINALS and Dallas didnt have that great a defense last year.
Cowboys_Fan_I982::BALLGAME
