paul2285::The Nugz just wear teams down and it's a different person every night, last night Koufos provides the spark........  I like that kid's energy and athletic ability for a big man, he just might end up being a player   Big game tonight, San Antonio w/out the flop king
tstruck6024::ESPN get your stats right.... That was Andre Miller's 2000 assist as a Nugget, not career assists.
tstruck6024::It will be interesting to see if we bring back chandler/martin/smith once they are able to play again if we keep playing this well.
KyleFurtner::Or Martin
MysticalX Def X::No way smith comes back.
CandySparker::Hola!
274Kelvin::Nuggets are number 3 at least in west. Ahead of LAC, LAL, SAS, Mavs... I only can see OKC beating us in a playoff seriously. To be honest, i dont think wesley mattews, felton can show up in the playoffs so we should beat Blazers too
The_ Roof::Nuggets are relentless! Hornets were hitting shots when they had fresh legs. Then our depth came in with Al, Rudy, Koufas and Dre, then boom pressure and the Hornets started to fatigue mid 3rd quarter. This is the recipe for the Nuggets this year. Play hard and gutty on the road. They stay close til the 4th when their depth kicks in and GK plays whoever is hot. This game Koufas balled and his energy was contagious. Then at home run the other team out the gym! ' Personally  I don't think Chandler is worth much as a player because of how soft he played versus the Thunder st year in the playoffs. He got knocked down once on his ace and then all he did was take jump shots ALL SERIES! He has a nice looking shot but he doesn't have much heart. He like Felton wants to start and trading his rights for a First Rounder or another vet like Antawn Jamison. Lets go get the Spurs! GO NUGGETS!
mjoskar::eric gordon. no cal ripkin there. guy is always hurt. can not build around player like that.
jfrink33::I love just letting all the doubters see results like this. All the trash talkers I listen to (Lakers and Thunder fans) simply just cant say anything to this. Also, it's happening just the way I explained to them it would. Nuggets go 11 deep and run people off the court in the 4th quarter, and play good defense on top! Young, fast, coachable, athletic, and BIG (especially when Wilson Chandler gets back) makes for trouble for other teams in the West. NUGGZZZZZ!!
Aristeia48::I'm so sad I'm going to miss the rest of this season while in basic ughhhhhhh
njhaines::Hang in there Hornets fans we're getting two  top ten picks  to pair with Eric Gordon.    I like Kaman &amp; Gordon as starters; Jason Smith, Jarrett Jack, Landry, Vazquez &amp; Xavier Henry as back ups.   Gotta find takers for Okafor and Ariza (Bower's last two mistakes) &amp;; if they bring Marco back next year I'll slap Monty because we don't need another Byron Scott evaluating talent. (How in the hell did Monty think Belli was better than Marcus Thornton?????)
dennorayj::First place Nuggets nation!!!!
jayeteee::Miller and Harrington are a nice duo coming off the bench.  I still think Nene should change his name to 'Ole' sometimes. He wasn't even in in the 4th when Denver took over.
274Kelvin::Koufos was really awesome, his timing on defense is very good
274Kelvin::He was hurt and Kosta was doing great so.. Im pretty sure Nene will come good eventually.
jayeteee::Yeah, I know, but you got to love Koufos, the Nuggets are really deep.
jayeteee::The Nuggets took a while to warm up, but when they did................The Hornets probably played one of their better games this year and still lost. Ouch! At home!
DenverDiehard35::jayeteee, u and i the only ones killin in on both avs and nuggs chats.... we true denver sports fans
MysticalX Def X::And no I wasn't implying that you or jaye are kids, or don't have any common sense.
MysticalX Def X::Just b/c someone doesn't spend their entire night / life on a chat board doesn't make them not a "true fan", some of us do have families and a life outside of spending every minute of every game talking too some people that have no common sense about most things.I have been on Bronco, avs and, Nugget threads a lot, I just don't need to validate my "true fan" to kids on the internet.
jayeteee::I don't get on the Avs board enough. I watch hockey closer when the Avs get in the play offs, otherwise I lose all interest in hockey. I've been a Nuggets fan a lot longer.
Dub_M89::Nuggets are gonna surprise some people, they robbed the Knicks of a starting 5 in that Melo trade
juaaaan44::and andre miller and corey brewer and fernandez and wilson chandler... the first three were byproducts of the felton trade and chandler is still a restricted free agent.
mworth1414::Just losing Melo helped. The only thing we have left is Galo and Mosgov.
bennnnnba::I'm in town to see Bama scrub lsu. Seeing my nuggets do the same to the hornets was a bonus.
sty34::LSU gonna win dawg
mountainboy33::Finally unsuspended. All I gotta say is buisness as usual for the Nuggets. Should have put Faried there in the end though. That kid needs to eventually replace Anderson.
Ev-Dawg3000::karl doesn't like to give rookies minutes
sty34::yes but Faried is almost already as good as the bird... give him a little more experience and i would take him over bird... still like chris though, met him at a starbucks lol cool guy
jayeteee::Maybe he'll be playing more by the end of the year. Bird's bound to get hurt sooner or later this season.
mountainboy33::If Faried is on his game he is getting 20 rebounds, 10 on the offensive side. 5 Blocks, 5 dunks. Plus, he has decent free throw form
sty34::yeah man he had 4 blocks in 10 minutes against sacramento.... 10 minutes!
274Kelvin::Birdman is inconsistent, if he's on his game, he's pretty good with defending and rebounding.
sty34::he better, and he will..... he's the black version of birdman except 10x better
btalbot26::Going to be a long season in New Orleans&gt;
sty34::dont know wasnt there
btalbot26::Was not able to make the game.  How was the crowd?
MysticalX Def X::From what I saw on TV, hornets crowd seems like they don't really give a damn atm, since they lost cp3, imo. Then again nugget fans seem kind of dead as well, could be they're still a little pissed b/c of the lockout still, who knows.
sty34::I don't know they played pretty well, just need to figure out the 4th quarter problem and get people healthy again
274Kelvin::Portland lose to Phoenix and its gona be a great day !
274Kelvin::Hopefully Nash pull this one off! I always got love for Nash
sty34::looks that way now, but somehow i don't see it happening.. but i hope they do
J-SMOOVE2012::Nuggets are winning the west
274Kelvin::back to the no superstar argument as usual....
274Kelvin::That will be a cracker. Lawson vs Felton and Aldrige/Crash vs Nene/Gallo. thats some tasty matchup for us fans !
sty34::yeah he was hitting some threes, we just need better shooting from anywhere that's not inside the paint haha... we'll get much better, but those two teams (OKC obviously) but especially portland could do some damage this year.  we matchup well with portland, that would be a good series for the western conference finals
274Kelvin::Agreed, winning west isn't so impossible considering that Lakers are declining and our main rivals are OKC and Portland who we can beat 4 out of 7 if we are consistent enough. The current team just need to hit their 3s and we'll be fine. Gallo looks like he's getting back his touch, which is great news.
sty34::could be a number of things, like our past history of not getting past the first round, or nene becoming unreliable when things really matter... granted that probably does mean the no superstar thing too... either way Im stoked for the nuggets and hope they can actually get past the first round and then we will have a good chance at winning the west, we just need to get over that first hump
274Kelvin::not built for playoffs means what?
sty34::did anyone say that?
TrapGameJr::I don't think so, they're not built for the playoffs.
sty34::you do realize that most likely means going through OKC..... i sure hope so, but winning the west is a little premature
TrapGameJr::Nuggets look good for a high seed in the West.
Raven4Gold::KOUFOS Rocks!!!!
sty34::definitely should start
barteltd::Totally  missed this game.  Altitude 2 is the most difficult channel to find.
BobBobb22::If you have Twitter follow @ScottHastings.  He always tweets the stations for Dish, Direct TV and Comcast.
TrapGameJr::Pitiful team. Tomorrow the Saints can take me far away from this nightmare.
bikeboss::I'm glad the Saints have been doing so well lately. I'm a Broncos fan, but outside of Denver the Saints are definitely one of my favorites. It doesn't hurt that they have such good fans at home, even during the (long) lean years.
dennorayj::Saints will win easily.. You guys have the true nfl MVP...
ryanvdonk::saints defense makes everyone look like an MVP
MogusMaximus::the refs?
Rick P. Johnson::I thought the Hornets played very well. They just don't have that go to scorer with Gordon out. They'll be a tough team to play every night. They have really professional basketball players.
Rick P. Johnson::Well obviously. But there is a difference between guys (Jack, Kaman, Okafor, Landry, etc.) who play hard and "professionally" every night then other knuckleheads who are gunners and aren't good teammates (Blatche, Beasley, the entire Kings roster, etc)
bearsbball11::Every NBA team has professional basketball players lol
DenverDiehard35::Nuggets team this year has more heart than all the nuggets teams with carmelo combined
bearsbball11::With Melo we lost a bunch of games we should've won. This team hasn't done that so far.
BobBobb22::Knicks ALMOST lost to the winless Wizards tonight.  Much rather watch the Nuggets without Melo than the Knicks!
barteltd::Yeah, just look how the Knicks are under achieving so far this year.  I remember how the Melo Nuggets would always start the season weak before Chancey came.  Now that Melo is without CB again he's reverted back to that prior pattern.  I didn't think it was the case at the time, but in hindsight I think we really won that trade.
bearsbball11::But we didn't, and that's the difference between these Nuggets and Melo's Nuggets.
DenverDiehard35::i woulda been pissed if we lost this one.
Conigman::George Karl one of the best coaches in the nba
dennorayj::By far..
dennorayj::I still can't believe how unselfish this Nuggets team is.. Gotta love it.
sandsbum::*******HORNETS S.H.I.T THE BED, SHOULD HAVE COVERED EASILY, BUNCH OF BUMS******
erm7452::So how many wins are the nuggets going to get this year?
barteltd::50
Rick P. Johnson::40-45
bearsbball11::Realistically I'd say about 45
ColoradoSportsKing::60!
DenverDiehard35::64
gt1master_ike::Good game nuggets  total 4th quarter domination
Slurm Soda::On to the Spurs
DenverDiehard35::Thatta way Nuggets!!! 4 in a row! Glad to see us actually gain a lead in the 4th quarter instead of lose it!
bmosheman::slow start but pretty box score.  Win going away.
MogusMaximus::3 pt % is still KILLING us
dennorayj::Nice way to keep your composure Nuggets... Proud to be a Nuggets fan.... Stay up Nugget nation!!
soloartist11::I was off by two lol. Won by 8
ColoradoSportsKing::Damn Knicks almost lost to Washington... haha owned
ColoradoSportsKing::hes pathetic
rr2300::melo took his normal 30+ shots for 30 pts
ColoradoSportsKing::to bad they won haha
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::really!!!!!!!! OMFG
bikeboss::Come on Denver! We need 14 more points for tacos.
bmosheman::10 pts with 30 secs left.  when melo was here I was still nervous for the win.
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::where was the eruption??
bearsbball11::The D really put the clamps down after that bad 1st quarter.
ryanvdonk::shows that it's actually karl's team, he likes defense, but he couldn't get melo to buy into putting out that much effort...except the odd night where he'd guard lebron or something.
bearsbball11::It's fun to say "the D really put the clamps down" in reference to the Nuggets
Slurm Soda::Faired's long lost brother
bmosheman::If Faried only plays in blowouts, he'll only get into 55 -60 games this season.
vice4209::koufus should be starting over mozzy imo
Raven4Gold::Koufos will get his opportunity. Whenever he gets consistent minutes he has always produced!
ColoradoSportsKing::So who got the better of the Cp3 trade?
ColoradoSportsKing::Didn't EG get hurt?
gt1master_ike::yea he missed 3 games already including this one. I hope he isn't already injury prone
gt1master_ike::Its way too earlier to tell  If the hornets pick turns out to be a stud and EG stays they will be in good shape
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::the clippers are so overrated but they did get better from the trade
ryanvdonk::how long do you think it will take griffin and jordan to stop showboating after dunks? chauncey and CP3 were getting on their case the other night about getting back on d
jfrink33::minny will make a run at the west playoffs this year. especially if rubio is halfway decent. don't be so sure of that top 5 stuff!
Rick P. Johnson::I think they got better today, but Eric Gordon is a stud and that Minny pick could be top 5 in a loaded draft. The Clips may ultimately regret it (I doubt it), but it seems pretty fair for both teams.
stompy33::Been saying that since the trade happened
wduncan07::to early to tell
Slurm Soda::I hope the Hornets will turn out like the Nuggets
HoChing::First it was Faried, and now it's Koufus. Denver has guys flying off that bench. Jesus Christ!
rr2300::and to think sum thought we werent "deep"  lol   ...   We still have Jordan Hamilton tucked away in the D-League playing in games to be ready
lebronzeerorings::Kouuuuuuu
rexnastdj56::NOLA  just might be the happiest city on earth. I saw a group of kids with a head full of acid at St Louis Cathedral  , a white bronco was running in a field near THE Superdome, a shemale exposed himself to me on Bourbon St, a white trash Saints  fan soiled his pants and puked himself  at some bar , and some guy was swatting at imaginary bats while sitting in the middle of the street
openlygaywvufan::Some folks cant handle theyselves under pressure
gt1master_ike::Koufas didn't play like this on teh jazz  WTF???
Raven4Gold::because you never played him hahaha lmfao
Slurm Soda::haha
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::Nigeria: Click Click
Shadow2330::koufus should be starting over mozy
bmosheman::that security guard in purple is not chasing anyone down
