Ontario925::I'm not from NYC but I have been there. What is up with the idiotic comments trashing NYC? Get a life you idiots. Sure it is not Paris,Venice,Acapulco,San Diego,Rio De Janiero,Honolulu,Etc but it is nowhere near the ugliest city in the U.S. or the World. I have been to many other cities in the U.S.  &amp; in Europe that are uglier and much more boring.
RNYC::NYC is one of the top 5 cities IN THE WORLD. Haters can hate all they want to. Nothing changes that fact.  It's the economic engine of the worlds largest economy. It's visited my millions of tourists every wear. The worlds richest want to own real estate here. NYC speaks for itself.
singingsun123456::Dude $@%!
Lebroncouldcareless::KNICKS ARE SOFT JUST LIKE THEIR FANS!  LEBRON
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::LOL, How many people do you know that are so dumb, they would go brag about the Wiz after they ALSO lost to them and brag to a team that has already blew the flame off their jerseys twice?? by 20 each...stomped their $@%!$ into WINE...lol, you can't make this stuff up!!    Miami heat fans are not the brightest crayons in the box
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Uhhh, thank you for reading it twice and for the compliment
Dengue-Fever::You're an idiotic moronic idiot for repeating your comment more than twice already..lmao.. not the brightest crayon in the box
Lebroncouldcareless::LEBRON FOR 3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lebroncouldcareless::LEBRON RUNS THE NBA!!!!!!!!!!  LEBRONCOULDCARELESS
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::We shall meet again Wiz fans...lol
Lebroncouldcareless::KNICKS AINT WINNING SHIIT  LEBRON
savetheplanet10021::u mean ......i hope we do not play the knicks.....lebron
savetheplanet10021::my knicks need that killer instinct like the spurs have. losing games like this will come back at the end of the season when it comes to home court advantage.jordan never took a game off
Lebroncouldcareless::SEE KNICKS FANS,,,,,,,,,,TALKING ALL THAT SHIIIT NOW THEY KICKED YALL A$$ LOL  LEBRON &amp; THE MIGHTY HEAT!!!!!!!!!!
savetheplanet10021::you just mad because we spanked the heat by 20 each game so far....its ok
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::LOL, How many people do you know that are so dumb, they would go brag about the Wiz after they ALSO lost to them and brag to a team that has already blown the flame off your jerseys twice??....lol, you can't make this stuff up!!
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Like they beat the heat?
ChrisLA2010::HAHHAAAAAAAAA..... and Knicks fans are mad cuz they get no love... THIS IS WHY NEW YORK!
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Qhat's sad is that your day is based off of whether we care if we get love. We don't
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Yet you took the time to read them all, hmmmm....trollville is nice too I hear.
ChrisLA2010::you've been caring all morning, you've replied to almost every fan making fun of NY on here.... you gotta get out more man, from what i've heard, NY is a beautiful city!
Lebroncouldcareless::WHAT SAD IS YOU CANT SPELL,,,,,,,,,,,,,,WHAT LOL GO HEAT!!!!!
blaqsinasta::Since jan 7 the Wizards have beaten the thunder, hawks, nuggets, blazers, bulls ,clippers and the knicks. Give them credit for actually playing well in the last month.
jhwashburn::The only team with fewer playoff wins since 2001 is the Bobcats. LOL LOL LOL.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Point?
alexhernandezh::How does this continue to happen?  You can't expect to be a contender with these kinds of letdowns.  You blowout teams back to back just to lose by 10 to another team you should have beaten.  I know you can't win them all, but seriously, this is ridiculous.
savetheplanet10021::my knicks need that killer instinct like the spurs....losing games like this will make a difference in home field.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Wow, you new to the NBA?
Pusherman3::The Wiz have some mipressive wins lately.
tungcn2010::Knicks will never win anything with Melo on board!!! Knicks fans should pray for 2 playoff wins this year.
TiagoLebron::Knicks 96 pts 23 FTs Wizards 106 pts 14FTs Where is nba is the worst? LOL hahaha
YeahTerps420::Hey, the Wiz have already won 13 games.  That's 13 more than I thought they'd win all year.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::I love how these "men" spend their time staring and obsessing over other men's looks. You guys like checking out Felton's butt and weight? WWWOW This is what you would do at the clubs and bars? lmAo It's BEEN said he worked hard this summer and got in shape. Get new material please.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::setrue Knicks playoff record for last 20 yrs proves it. LOL. --------------------- So the past decides the present. Hope you don't live life this way.
alexhernandezh::Setrue wet his pants when he was a baby, so I guess he still does it, considering his comments.
MaxFriz93::J kidd 0-4 -11. Pablo -11 stop making fun of fat Felton at least he tries some layups!
dc3773::Felton is FAT
dc3773::that is not saying much when the two other guards are on medicare
MaxFriz93::He's the best pure point on the knicks right now...
Qster15::you only realized this today?
RichardtheRabbit::NEWYORK KNICKERBOCKERS 2013 NBA CHAMPIONS!
Dengue-Fever::buahahahahahahahahahaha...
SjGMEN77::Knew this was a trap game coming in. I said "Don't sleep on the Wizards" cause they beat the Heat, Clippers, Bulls, Thunder on their home floor. Since Wall returned, they have upped the tempo. Knicks were too complacent and it cost them this game. I wouldn't dwell on this, but if they want to be taken seriously from here on out, they have to demolish weaker teams.
Dengue-Fever::Thanks you garbage a$$ Knicks for making me some extra cash last night!!..Go Heat!!
Ryrc1234::Those same Wizards beat the Garbage a$$ Heat as well.
SjGMEN77::Garbage? So I guess blowing the Heat out by 20 points twice makes them garbage. I guess still being the 2nd seed in the Eastern Conference makes them garbage.
Dengue-Fever::You can go from sugar to sh!!t in no time..lmao
Lebroncouldcareless::KNICKS ARE 1 AND DONE!!
setrue::Knicks playoff record for last 20 yrs proves it.  LOL.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Prove it troll
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::MiamiFloridians I want teams at full strength when they play the Heat like the Knicks,Pacers,Celtics and OKC was last season in the playoffs. --------------------------------------- At full strength? I wonder if you realize how STUPID you look. Oh yeah, Amar'e wasn't hurt, Baron Davis and Shump didn't blow their Knees out, Chandler didn't have the Flu and Lin WAS playing...see how dumb you look? Who was at full strength. This year new team and Healthy and the Knicks blew the flame out on your jersey.
bpardo95::Wizards have beat OkC, Miami, and the Knicks this year right?
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Yep, Wall is back, they look good
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::I JUST realized the heat played and WON last night and rather than enjoy it, their fans rather obsess with us..lol..lol...lol Thanks for the ego boost, funny how you have to jock ride a team that did what you could not, which is beat US....lmAo
MiamiFloridians::Heat destroyed the Rose led MVP season bulls 4-1 in the east finals LMAO. Been their done that.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Last season?
MiamiFloridians::I want teams at full strength when they play the Heat like the Knicks,Pacers,Celtics and OKC was last season in the playoffs.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::At full strength? I wonder if you realize how STUPID you look. Oh yeah, Amar'e wasn't hurt, Baron Davis and Shump didn't blow their Knees out, Chandler didn't have the Flu and Lin WAS playing...see how dumb you look? Who was at full strength. This year new team and Healthy and the Knicks blew the flame out on your jersey.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Another excuse, I wonder if you realize how silly you look. Oh yeah, Amar'e was Healthy last year  against the heat, he didn't split his hand in half, Chandler didn't have the flu, Baron Davis and Shump didn't blow their Knees out, Lin wasn't out...yep the Knicks were healthy. Yep none of that happened. is that your full strength? No excuses....This year, new team BLEW the flame out on your jerseys. DEAL WITH IT
MiamiFloridians::Well if you put it like that Heat are still in 1st place in the east and are the current NBA champions, you must not be so bright.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Yep, sure are and you want to see us as bad as we want to see the bulls without rose...no need to admit it. i'll lend you 42 points to feel better...
MiamiFloridians::Heat have won the eastern conference championship 2 straight years and had good record, Knicks have been a lower seed/1st round exit for years now and only have success this season, no not the same thing.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Einstein THIS year is ALL that matters...not the brightest crayon in the box  are we?
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::NEWS FLASH troll  THIS season is ALL that matters...lmAo not the brightest crayon in the box
bpardo95::As if Knick fans haven't done the same all year.
MiamiFloridians::Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers - I JUST realized the heat played and WON last night and rather than enjoy it, their fans rather obsess with us..lol..lol...lol Thanks for the ego boost, funny how you have to jock ride a team that did what you could not, which is beat US....lmAo  LOL we are bored of dominating the west and east.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::No matter what you say, it doesn't change my post.....OBSESSED
MiamiFloridians::Heat beat the Wizards 99-71 after that fluke lost, FACT.
MiamiFloridians::I actually predicted the Knicks would have a good regular season record, had them top 3 in the preseason in the entire NBA, FACT.
MiamiFloridians::Well not really but still 1-1 not better than the Heat.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Thanks for respecting the Knicks so much you thought we'd go undefeated.
MiamiFloridians::Knicks 0-1 against the Wizards, fact
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::And the heat were too until they played the second tme...see how that works?
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::FACT.....saying FACT when everyone knows the info is dumb....and that makes you 1-1 against the Wiz...ooohhh
Dave57514::fact!
MiamiFloridians::Melo had 31 points, 9 reb and 3 ast lol and they lose by 10 to the wizards, were was his great teammates at last night.
Dave57514::that was a awful defensive effort by the Knicks last night
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::So, you are one of those Geniuses that thought the Knicks were going 82-0? THANKS!!
Swanesy::Not only does a full wiz roster actually look like it has the parts to be a winning team and push for a potential playoff spot next year, but I think, more imporantly, it shows big name free agents that with one big signing this team can be legit
Dave57514::true John Wall can run the show, he just needs somebody legit to pass the damn ball to!
Dave57514::John Wall looks healthy again....sick moves last night
Kobe Brick Mason::Melo&gt;fatback
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::ANYTHING in life &gt; You
Kobe Brick Mason::Knicks=a place were thugs go after rejection elsewhere
theflyeststar::are you a heat fan?
Kobe Brick Mason::Knicks are now worse than they were for ten years, guaranteed to flop.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Prove it Ms. Cleo
Swanesy::you're dumb
MiamiFloridians::Knicks fans welcome to being a relevant team in the east when all teams play you a little tough, now can you imagine how tough teams would play you if you were the champions like the Heat on a consistent basis.
MiamiFloridians::Those were statement games for the Knicks while for the NBA Champions Heat they were just another early regular season games.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::I assume you believe this makes sense? Champs shouldn't NEED excuses
MiamiFloridians::Heat have only lost 1 division game this season and that was it.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::And TWO BLOWOUTS to the Knicks....consistent? Did you guys play last night?
theflyeststar::heat lost to the wizards also
Lebroncouldcareless::KNICKS FANS WHERE YALL AT LOL!!!!!!!!!  PROBALY SOME WHERE TRYING TO GET  THAT FOOT OUT OF THEIR MOUTHS!!!!!
Awesomemetal123::lol we beat the heat twice and the heat lost to the wizards also so u cant even talk
Lebroncouldcareless::REMEMBER WHEN THE KNICKS FANS TALKED SHIIT ABOUT THE WIZ BEATING THE HEAT!!  ALL HEAT FANS!!!!!!!!!!  LMAO!!!!!!!!  ME!!!!!!!!
jhwashburn::I don't understand how Knicks fans can talk ANY crap. Their last championship was sometime in the 70s and they've won 1 playoff game since 2001.
Awesomemetal123::thats the past its the present buddy
chd757::Tyson had a bad game last night, defensively late..i wanted to punch him in the face
Kobe Brick Mason::That's why he has had a nothing career.
Wolverines_STLCardinals_Billikens::"When I think of the Knicks, I think of a winning franchise."  --No one
jhwashburn::Haha so true. The Knicks suck.
RNYC::St. Louis. Third tier American city.
Mets-Jets-Knicks19::When I think of random teams....I think of yours
jhwashburn::Cardinals = most WS in the NL. Wolverines = most national titles and most wins. I'm a fan of neither but to say they are random is just stupid.
chrisausten1203::Congrats to the Wizards for the win. You boys are great by not letting any team, especially those top teams, to take you for granted. You are actually a lot better than your record, and I think you already know that. Congrats!
Dribbird.::Webster 19 points Ariza 20 points.  Do the Knicks have a SF who plays defense?
army of bono::It's called having a bad game.  Perimeter defense was atrocious last night.
tigel18::The Wizards are actually a pretty damn good team with all their players healthy.
army of bono::I knew Wall was going to eat my Knicks up last night but I figured at some point they would back off and make him shoot from the perimeter.  Unfortunately it was just one of those let down games when no adjustments were made we lost to an inferior team.
jroc21::Defensive Inconsistency!!
tonycamp1::It's pure comedy listening to the excuses made by the Knicks and other 'top' teams after losing to the Wizards.  The Thunder is really the only team that gave credit to the Wiz for playing good basketball which is probably one of the reasons why OKC will be NBA champs this year.  The Wiz played damn good basketball ball in the 4th and there's really no excuses to make.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::furthermore, what do fan responses have to do with basketball at all?  Its not like Mike Woodson came out and said "The Wizards suck.  We weren't supposed to lose to this team, the sun got in our eyes, etc"...Every team has naive fans.  I watched the game last night and it was actually a really good contest until 4th started, and the Wiz just kept getting good looks from outside, and kept hitting shots.  You win some, you lose some.  But I wouldn't stake a claim on a team based on how nice their fans are.  I hate MIA fans, but if I were a betting man, my money would still be on them to win it all
BRENICE65::What teams should really be saying, instead of making excuses, is that the Wizards are better than their record.  They will be a lottery team, but if not for the injuries of Wall and Nene, they are a playoff team.    That is not to say that the Wizards are better than the teams they have defeated, OKC, Miami, Chicago, NY, but they are a good, young team.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::I actually had the Wiz as my 8 seed at the beginning of the season.  I also didn't know Wall was going to be out that long lol, but I think if he had played all season, they'd probably be close to 7th or so in the East
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::so admitting that another team beat you is why OKC will win the championship?  I agree that the Wiz son-ed us in the 4th, but what does being sore vs good losers have to do with playoff basketball?
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::lol that's what every coach says.  and that doesn't sound like he made an excuse, that sounds exactly like he accepted the fact that he and his team underestimated the Wizards.  You're making it sound like he said "This isn't fair we should've won".  He basically said he and his team did a bad job.  Sounds pretty humble to me
tonycamp1::"We went flat," New York coach Mike Woodson said. "We were just there thinking we were going to show up and come out of here with a win, and it just didn't happen. It was awful across the boards, starting at the top with me."  Mike Woodson.  Enough said.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::so where are you getting the idea from that Knicks players and coaches made excuses for losing?
tonycamp1::I'm not talking about the fans of course because fans are ridiculous.  It's the players and coaches.
Cheap fabric and dim lighting Thats how you move merchandise::did the players say the wizard's suck, or did upset fans say it?  Because i'm pretty sure the fans aren't the ones leading the team
tonycamp1::It's about leadership and having the confidence to say it like OKC is the reason why.  If you're a sore loser you probably have poor leadership and you'll probably never win a championship with poor leadership.
LilVdog88::I like how Chandler clipped john wall on the alleged crossover by felton, dirty move
FREEWAYE::Trevor Ariza played good against the Knicks...I never seen him shoot 3's like that before..
uconn1511::now that was the John Wall that was unstoppable at Kentucky
cov369::except when they lost to south carolina when they were #1
kapernick is squidward::Knicks are showing they are for real.  A five game winning streak against the likes of powerhouses such as bucks, magic, pistons, and kings.  And then a well-fought battle til the end against  NBA's best the Wizards.
dema24::yeah and we beat sub 500 teams like the heats, spurs, nets , hawks, pacers and the nuggets....And we still think we are for real, that's just outrageous.
