The Last Gunslinger::Josh Smith with a 19-8-5. Along with 3 steals and 3 blocks. Pretty par for the course for him. He's great in that way. Total stat stuffer, good passer, great defender....SOMEBODY TELL HIM TO STOP SHOOTING 11 3s IN A GAME! He will always be a trouble, and never be as efficient and absolutely great as he could be as long as he keeps jacking up 3s. Antoine Walker had the same exact problem, never got any better, and has recently been seen playing in the D League. Not that I think Smith is going to the D League anytime soon - he's a great player - but he hurts his team so much by jacking up pointless, ineffective 3s.
Cyril::Josh Smith is kind of a Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde story. When he was being Mr. Hyde, Smith would launch three-pointers, dribble the ball away, and try to take over when he didn't need to.  When he was Dr. Jekyll, he would go hard to the basket, pass the ball well, and play amazing lock-down defense.  The coaches in Atlanta fought valiantly to keep Mr. Hyde from showing up, but the struggle never got any easier.   In 2 games in Detroit, Smith has already launched 18 three-point attempts, committed 9 turnovers, and only shot 3 free-throws. Mr. Hyde is loose!  Someone please stop him before he destroys Detroit's plans.  This team has so much potential, but they are going to squander it if they can't keep Smith's ego in check.  He could become the first player in NBA history to shoot 700 three's in a season.
KMike::Ric with his astute playoff prediction after two whole games, lol. The East is weak beyond 4-5 teams. They'll get in somewhere between 6-8. Where they go from there depends upon chemistry.
KMike::BBB, second game of the season, playing on the road against a playoff team, and we're tied with the Pistons getting the last  shot in regulation. Give it a rest, board hopper, because you really don't care.
KMike::Pistons wanted Billups back because he's like another coach on the floor. He can work with the guards and make them better. They didn't get him back to play 35 minutes a night. They got him to give them some senior leadership, and for what he'll give them in that area, he's worth the roster spot.
clint::Josh S. should have shot 30, maybe he would have made 10.
Bobbyk::Smith throws up 11 threes?Not a good sign Detroit.
C::Damn Tony Allen not sure if it'll be consistent though
KEITH::Wait till Jennings comes back, Pistons will have 2 players throwing up bad shots.
Gerald Mallory::go detroit! let's get started
