Soonerhopeful1::Phil Jackson has been begging Sterling to allow him to coach the Clippers with CP3 and Griffin. Might be time to give in..!
PhanXJey::Dear Donald Sterling,  Now's the time.  You have an opening.  Fire Del Negro and bring in D'Antoni!  Sincerely,  THIS GUY
steviebizzle::The Clippers lost at home to a Suns team with out Steve Nash!!! Hahhahahaahahhahahahahahahaha ahahahhahahahahahah That is awesome.
eightbitme::You've been cursed.  You will not do well, till you do right by me.   - Clipper Darrell
MECH4NIZE::It's funny how all the Lakers fans are coming out of their caves.....didn't hear a word when you guys were not in first place.
brandonbittner007::Clipper fans were like Bigfoot before this season, I didn't even think they existed.  Why would Laker fans be in their caves when the Lakers have won 2 out of the last 3 championships?
323BrownPride::well this is gonna weed out all the bandwagoners that claim to be clipper fans...i love the clippers and will always be a clipper fan, even if we go back to not making the playoffs ever....
eightbitme::Not nearly as funny as Clipper fans coming out of their caves after the signing of CP3.  Didn't hear a word from you guys EVER.  :-)
TMZ sportsite::calm down laker fans its only the regular season, didnt cp3 beat the lakers squad ( a better one at that) last year twice in the playoffs with the hornets, imagine come playoff time what he will do with this clippers squad in the playoffs against u guys.
PhanXJey::Twice in the playoffs?  Doesn't it take four times at that point for it to matter?
brandonbittner007::Last year is last year.  With the way the clippers are playing after the loss of billups, dont get ahead of yourself about the playoffs.
MarcusXP50::The Clippers are a huge joke
mike etheridge::Free Fallin lips are NO LONGER  LAs Team kill the noise all that LAKER HATIN  know ur ROLE
RyanCarranza::The Clippers are becoming... "The Clippers"
Sons Keeper::I don't like how the Clips are playing at all. Porous defense and on offense, watching them is like pulling teeth. Blake needs to display more heart outside of attacking the basket and grabbing rebounds. He has skills, but no crunch time gumption on either end of the court.
RaydogX1983::Thankgod I was tired of this lobcity nonsense. People jumpin off the wagon pretty fast
Tom Nguyen::for all Clipper fans: you are what you are.get CP3 and now what you are still behind Laker s shadow;hihihih
PlayaMade5::Sessions &amp; Gasol&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;CP3.....thank you very much Stern
Oaktown1029::If I hadn't known who won, I would swear from the highlights that the Clippers won by 25! wtf?
mhsmustang1::what happened clips? lolllll   cp3 needs to just opt out and come to the real team in LA
Playing the Dude Disguised as Another Dude::Clippers fans hahahahah
chewbacca1245::Clipper fans, I thought you guys were the team to beat in LA.  Thought this was the transition from Lakers to Clippers..........NOT!
eightbitme::Dinosaurs will again roam the earth before the Clippers are head honchos in LA.  :-)
Jaywashing::27-12 in the fourth. That's a hell of a quarter.
Clipshow07::So we get outscored in the 4th quarter by 15 points on our own home floor with no Nash or HIll??????????????  F ING PAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATHETIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
allroy1313::"That's not when it was lost," Griffin said. ----------------- Um, yeah, it was, Blake.  Giving up a 9-0 run to end a half is huge.  What, exactly, is your coach teaching you?
Clipshow07::Well Clipper fans, we are now back to an all too familiar play -  ROCK BOTTOM. What an embarrassing performance last night to say the least! OUR DEFENSE CONTINUES TO BE F ING PATHETIC. WE REFUSE TO GET THROUGH PICKS AND/OR ROTATE ON DEFENSE. OUR DEFENSE IS F ING ATROCIOUS!! I never seen teams get more open looks than I've seen in the past 15 games. WE HAVE BECOME A LAUGHING STOCK ONCE AGAIN!
eightbitme::Stats matter most to the losing team.  They can be used to figure out wtf went wrong.  :-)
crawnjc1982::it proved my point. Chris paul waited way too long to get into the game offensively from a scoring standpoint, and the suns made them pay. 10 pts? 2 pts in the 4th qtr.? Thats garbage, he needs to know that he needs to score more often than not as opposed to trying to increase his assist stat. To be honest he is the reason they lost, oh yeah i forgot, the worst defense in the league as well. No Nash, No Hill? You've gotta be kidding me!
tbIce33::kinda surprised that nash didn't get traded
Qster15::he does not want to move to another city to WIN... to Nash.. 2 MVPs was his championship
SuperBeastModeX::Why did the Lakers ever let go of Shannon Brown?? It doesn't make any sense. The kid is a good basketball player and seems to have a great head on his shoulders. It would appear, that with constant work, and an abundance of playing time...he could continue to improve and become a very solid, well-rounded player---as is clearly evident by his play with the Suns. This is almost as bad as the Chargers letting go Drew Brees or Michael Turner. I could make more sports analogies, however, I must have another cup of coffee and begin the days' chores.
the_jonz::he wanted more money and playing time than the Lakers were able to give him at the time; we definitely miss his athleticism but glad he has found a role &amp; a home in Phoenix; wish him nothing but the best
peepuu::the Clippers made the Suns backups look like a dynasty
fliptide...::Vinnie Del Negro has to GO.  Nice guy, and gets players to run around hard and play, BUT - he has no X and O's expertise. Crunch time is the dividing line for the clippers and they have consistently fallen short in close games.  They are poor defensively, both as individual players but even worse, as a team with rotations and assignments. That points to lack of preparation and planning (an issue with the coaching)  THE CLIPPERS RUN A RISK OF NOT EVEN MAKING THE PLAYOFFS.  Vinnie is a 'nice guy coach' for a 'going nowhere team' like the Bobcats or Wizards, NOT for a team with high expectations on them.
Qster15::LOL... that can be said about half the coaches in the NBA. I'd rather have Vinny over Mike Brown any day.  The problem is CP3 and Griffin.  One like to run around the court wasting time and the latter can only dunk.  Re-signing Jordan was a waste of $$$
crawnjc1982::true, CP3 needs to score more offensively though......he has to thats the bottom line.
tonichifi::Clippers have no post play.  Blake an undersized defender of the post.  Jordan's blocks come as a second line defense but he has no one-on-one defense.  So it is still a case of a very good point guard (Isn't that chris Paul, for the Clippers?) not able to carry his team to the championship.   WAGS SAY THAT NO POINT GUARD HAS EVER CARRIED HIS TEAM TO THE FINALS (just in case you dispute that -- Oscar had Lew Alcindor, Magic had Kareem, LeBronk had Iguskas -- ooops, he did not win with Ilguskas -- lol).
cchar042::Your _backup_ PG should never chuck up the 2nd most shots on your team. Mo needs to play PG, not SG like he's  trying to do.
_MagiCanes_::Lob city = Linsanity
justsayyeah7::The expression is that you can put make up on a pig but it is still a pig.  The Clippers are the pigs and no amount of make up will change that.  They are losers.
ffstudios::Vinny will be the next coach to get fired. Sloan would be a good target canidate.
heebeee jeebeees of the blowhole yet again::Way to step up Chris Paul when your team really needs you to win a close game ... most overrated player in the game ...
Theyputpricesonmyhead::Should have never left NOLA.
Gilchrest89::So much for those discussions about the best team in LA as it's clearly the Lakers for now!  Clippers are fun to watch (Lob City) but their team is lacking a couple of pieces and better team chemistry before they are true contenders!  And Griffin needs to improve his defense, outside shooting, and free throw shooting.
BlacknSilverNation4ever::Clippers will miss the playoffs
Qster15::LOL.... the Clippera are pathetic! They losy to a Suns team who rested their best player.
thelakeshow77::I wouldn't be surprised if the Clippers ended up in the lottery.
SKYD1DDY::should i start ramon sessions tomorrow????  or should i start derozan????  is sessions making his debut for the lakers tomorrow????
workman47::I've been told he is not playing till Sunday
SKYD1DDY::iight, i guess ill start derozan instead and ill keep isaiah thomas and jeremy lin in my starting lineup.
workman47::THE CLIPPERS ARE SINKING      GET IT??
flykeith::clippers are not the clippers there slippers,slip slip slippen away.
Steveforprez04::The Chauncey Billups injury really hurt them.  Hopefully Nick Young will help rejuvenate things.  Go Clippers!!!
BlacknSilverNation4ever::LOL CLIPS still the CLIPS
lakerfan293092::lose two straight games and your 8th seed.
JayAficionado::Clippers are going to mess around and miss the playoffs.
JayAficionado::They're only 1 game ahead of the 7th and 8th seeds.
JayAficionado::You're nuts if you think they can drop games like this in a shorten season. You can't afford to start the second half off like they did. Clippers got major problems.
Bookiebreaker48::yur nutz....this invested too much money into the team no way thy will miss da playoffs
KevinDurantFan56::Funny how Clipper Fans rubbed the Chris Paul Trade in Laker Fans faces but now all of a sudden they wan't to crawl back to the Bandwagon lol #Fail
Chet0ri0uz::Ha ha! The Dwight Howard Effect...
Chet0ri0uz::In reality, the Clippers are a good team... They are in 5th place in the West for a reason right. Yeah my Suns beat them because they played harder than them (Twice this month) he he....  but I think they tend to play with way too much confidence and they get beat. Lower seeded teams play with more hunger and the Suns will prove everyone wrong again this year when they make the playoffs that they deserve to be there.
Steveforprez04::Coincidentally the Clippers began struggling around when Chauncey Billups got injured.
SweetChippy99::I read that Del Negro and Lebrons bff Mo Williams got into a little scuffle after the game, I hope del negro threw some bows
Shub2308::We still got Pau and a better pg, forget cp3
Shub2308::Better as in better than fish
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!  I like Nash-Hill Sound.
P 52::Jemele Hill: "Vinny Del Negro gets unfair criticism because he is black."  Michael Wilbon: "Jemele, he is not black"  Jemele Hill: "But his last name is negro."  Michael Wilbon: *facepalm*
Bookiebreaker48::lol
SweetChippy99::what the fudge happen tonight for the clippers ? Did lob city entertain ?
SweetChippy99::everyone around the league calls them Flop city, i think that's more appropriate
Ive abandoned my child and drank your milkshake::Why is it not Lob Angeles?  Makes way more sense
Shub2308::The clippers are in the lakers rear view mirror now, sessions is def an upgrade
Ive abandoned my child and drank your milkshake::He has been such a superstar since he joined the NBA!  Lakers = 1st round exit
