screwhead2305::Jazz have plenty of talent.  maybe a trade could make this team way better.. trade millsap for a SG or SF
7BAUGHLLIN7::Screwhead... Didnt you say we should trade millsap the other day when we played phx? And we told you that was the most ridiculous commment ever... Your know millsap is boss... Thats why you want the jazz to trade him
Mia6mia3::I just got done f u c k ing your mother!
lamriverside13::Bynum got ejected again!! this kid needs to drop his balls and GROW UP!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tsq2_Nqg0I8
Giant49erWarriorFan::Mark Jackson is a rookie he is in over his head sometimes! But he's ok... Will c next yr GO WARRIORS!
7BAUGHLLIN7::This is ty corbins first full season.. And first season with his own system. So hes a rookie coach too.. Mark jacksons just in over his head
HateBrass::I don't want to hear about NBA Lottery because Mark Jackson bragged that the Warriors would be a playoff team this year GUARANTEED.
SB4LlFE::you're an idiot yourself... hahahaha
HateBrass::Hey Warrior fans, what do you now think of Mark Jackson's BOLD claim that they are going to make the playoffs this year GUARANTEED?  You can't lose another game just to finish with a .500 record.
HateBrass::DOUBLE STANDARD!  Isiah Thomas had no previous coaching experience when he took over the Pacers in 2001 and he led them to the playoffs witha  41-41 record in a rebuilding year in Indy.  That Pacer team lsot four previous all stars (Mark Jackson, Dale Davis, Mullins and Smits) the year before Isiah took over.  Now Mark Jackson is in the same predictament in his first year with no previous experience.  BUT, he guaranteed that the Warriors would make the playoffs this year and with 33 losses, one more loss and they have a losing season.  Funny how folks said Thomas (131-115 at Indy) couldn't coach despite developing young all stars like Jermaine O'Neal, Ron Artest and Brad Miller while making NBA players out of Al Harrington and Jamaal Tinsley.  So let's see the excuses why Jackson won't make the playoffs this year.  I forgot, Jackson is well liked and Thomas isn't so Jackson, like Bird, Magic and Jordan will get a pass and excuses for their failures.
Free Alec Burks Returns::What the Devin Harris???? I didn't get to see the game and devin goes off for 28? Wow! If he would play like that more often we would be a lock in the playoffs
so much for tebowing::did anyone see the streaker????????
Doc Emmett L Brown::Tanking is for cowards. That is all.
Trapped in Golden State::Thanks to all who argued with me and read my columns....50 hits during the game alone...appreciate it...keep up the passion! Go dubs! http://trappedingoldenstate.blogspot.com/ peace out....
AceyUT::klay thompson will be in a jazz uniform in 3 years..
2noodlekaboodle::I would make a Klay Thompson for the 1st round pick trade in a heart beat.
epamobsta650::warriors will never trade him, hes there most valuable asset
AceyUT::lol  the warriors were never gonna trade monta ellis either ............ look how that turned out..    we could trade for thompson and you can have your precious draft pick back. ........  however.......if bogut and curry can stay healthy next year, this warrior team could be pretty good.
Doc Emmett L Brown::Bogut already has that distinction.
Doc Emmett L Brown::If he shops at Fanzz; not because he will be on the team.
7BAUGHLLIN7::i can see him in Hayward jersey haha
marcusshane4321::k
marcusshane4321::who ever does the over under for golden state games is a phuc.ken genius, they are always on the money.
jessemangelson::Jazz have to play the Spurs Sunday and Monday.
jessemangelson::Jazz could easily lose their next two games.
jessemangelson::Yeah 7 of 10 they should.
jessemangelson::Jazz need all of their games down the stretch to make the playoffs. And the Spurs want the 1 seed so they can lose in the first round again haha.
7BAUGHLLIN7::I think if the jazz win 7 more we'll see the post season
epamobsta650::looking forward to that smackdown
jeffwawa::Dang, Nuggets win. hopefully the Lakers can win. (uggghhhh)
Trapped in Golden State::I wish you luck...till next season...
7BAUGHLLIN7::Nuggets win is moot.. We passed phx
epamobsta650::no doubt
7BAUGHLLIN7::Most likely but theres plenty of season left for the jazz to catch em.. And we own the tie breaker
Trapped in Golden State::Nuggets are gonna win the next 2...home and home with Golden State...
epamobsta650::Klay looking like mini ray allen
.Strugglin.Runt::A Lottery pick isn't going to keep Curry or Bogut healthy
Trapped in Golden State::now thats just mean...lol
epamobsta650::on the other hand curry's ankle injury has to be big concern for the the W's
SB4LlFE::i think part of the problems was because of the lockout and he wasn't able to rehab correctly under the team's trainer after the offseason surgery
7BAUGHLLIN7::Maybe theyll draft griner...
SB4LlFE::Bogut will be fine, his recent injuries are freak injuries.
epamobsta650::why did biedrins play more minutes than j.tyler
Trapped in Golden State::lottery pick=an asset...assets=trade chips...trade chips add up to guys like Kevin Garnett in 2008...Lacob was part of the group that made that deal...i've got faith in them to do what's right....Jerry West is here too...
SB4LlFE::because Beans is effective for the end game
Doc Emmett L Brown::Because the GS organization apparently has no pride or integrity and is intentionally tanking games thinking a lottery pick will turn the franchise around.
SB4LlFE::12 games left for the W's.... 6 of them on national TV!!
epamobsta650::nice
epamobsta650::nice keep the tank going GS
Doc Emmett L Brown::"We'll be better next year."  - Golden State fans for 30+ years.
Trapped in Golden State::to each his own...
SB4LlFE::they are already better, finally a true C they've been missing
Doc Emmett L Brown::Bogut is awesome. You will love him. I don't believe in karma, but if I did, it would punish a team that has no pride and tanks games for picks though.
7BAUGHLLIN7::Gutty effort from al tonight! Hehe.... Hope hes alright
jeffwawa::Gutty, I see what you did there.
.Strugglin.Runt::I don't see the other teams winning enough for golden state to finish 7th
SB4LlFE::nets, raptors, pistons
DrewThomas3030::All of which have a pretty tough schedule to close out the season. Well, tough for them anyways
SB4LlFE::klay is clutch in 2nd half.
Trapped in Golden State::good one...im gonna use that...lol
estebanpark::you mean klutch?
DIN41::gs= lol
murdahhh::UNDERRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DIN41::lucky man...
N.E.Phillyfan::FU CK YOU MURDAHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
estebanpark::Wow, you must be really good at predicting things.
notabanana105::WOOT GS COVERED WOOOT
mikeisildur::Last game against the warriors was better with Gordon's come outta nowhere rejection and coast to coast dunk.
Trapped in Golden State::WE WIN!!!!!lol
SB4LlFE::good loss W's, tied for 8th now...
jeffwawa::We could package it in a trade for something good. We might be able to trade the pick for Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson. I wouldn't put it passed GS management for making a dumb trade like that.
SB4LlFE::the rookies are developing nicely
Trapped in Golden State::yeah, give it back to us...
jeffwawa::Come on, Utah will actually know what to do with that pick.
estebanpark::But there gets to be a point where you need to stop going after lottery picks and start developing players
Trapped in Golden State::UTAH aint getting that damn pick!  we need to keep losing so even when our lottery crap luck comes around and a team behind us jumps forward we still keep it...
.Strugglin.Runt::Nahh still a loss ahead.
1sportslove12::Bittersweet win for the Jazz.
estebanpark::freaking Klay.
SB4LlFE::klay 0-5 1st half.... 9-11 2nd half
.Strugglin.Runt::Mark Jackson just being a good bloke trying to get the 8th pick for Utah
nallad47::Well there is Jefferson being selfish again
deappraiser@yahoo.com::i dont think so
nallad47::You dont?? He got doubled and did not pass?? Then shoves someone instead??
WarriorsGO::Dumb Tyler was playing so well and had to sit on the bench and watch Beidrins suck it up
Qster15::right on queue.. Warriors help out the opponent and choke in the 4th.
trevorcabo::Sver notice how out of most time outs the other team always goes on a run. Mark Jackson is a disgrace
nallad47::How long does GS have Biedrins??
Trapped in Golden State::hopefully we can package wright with him and get a bag of beans for them....
mikeisildur::Is that a slur?
Oaktown1029::2 yrs
notabanana105::come on GS COVER
.Strugglin.Runt::Biedrrins is a tanking coaches dream center
mikeisildur::Not an efficient night for Hayward but I still love the kid
DIN41::warriors suck so hard omg
1sportslove12::Jackson is acting like he cares.
estebanpark::seal it Hayward
nallad47::I do not think the Jazz PG get along
1sportslove12::Why do you say that?
scow79::How does Biedrins get playing time.   That was pathetic
SB4LlFE::he's in for the tank
Oaktown1029::he's been in the tank for the last 4 years.
nallad47::Biedrins SUCKS SO BAD!!
nallad47::Well there is our best wing player in the game finally
