WizSkin95::rest in peace whitney
EEDUARDO4689::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mgDObq7hWU
d butler16::The Heat will choke again and the LeBrick Jokes will be alive and well
mdingus07::There is no way Jeremy Lin's success can continue like it has once melo and amare return...there just isnt room for him to score 38 pts..plus the knicks are still under .500...Lets not forget they have played home games with him at PG...He will not score like that against a team with a pic and roll defense..miami, chicago, okc and portland are just a couple teams that will double off pic and roll stoppin his interior dribbling if you force him to pass the ball around the knicks will be back in saddle for losing streak...NO DEFENSE!!! Lakers are washed up..
xrobologyx::"Welcome to the show where everything is made up and the points don't matter" - That famous guy from Cleveland who obviously could predict the future. :)
KingofMiami30::Miami  PG Wade SG Kobe SF Lebron PF UD C Joel  C ya bosh/chalmers
BIGGDOGG2425::Miami Heat are 8 &amp; 1 with out  D Wade and 12 &amp; 6 with D Wade, so King James and Chris Bosh is not the problem. The problem with the Heat is 1st: Pat Riley is sitting his A$$ in the stands instead of sitting his A$$ on the bench. 2nd problem is that D Wade and King James is in the wrong roles, D Wade need to be a point guard like Isiah Thomas / Tim Hardaway and be the facilitator and King James need to be a stone killer like Kobe Bryant / M.J. and play heartless and just score.  Chris Bosh is a great player with King James, but he is just Ok with King James and D Wade, because with those two players they need a post player at the 4 spot who can also block shots and rebound like a monster.  So I would trade Chris Bosh for D Howard and they should win it all.
phatfour20::you're an idiot
zosoMC::I hope people keep paying attention to Jeremy Lin so the Heat can quietly take the Eastern Conference.
zosoMC::Yeah, just like everyone else got ignored when the Tebow story hit.
FranklinStrut::What Tebow story?
RyanCarranza::Quietly?  You really think Lebron James will do anything quietly?
JesseThomasCooper::Lebron wont be quiet, because the haters wont shut up
burdie57::Love Miami's Floridians throwbacks. they just need cheerleaders in white bikinis and we're back to the 70's.
ImYourHuckleberry.::Even Larry Bird is saying Lebron James is the best player in the league, and by far (Listen to podcast with Bill Simmons).  And you know he wants to say Kevin Love is the best player in the league.  Lebron is King, and ten years from now we will not be talking about how much of a choker he was in crunch time for a portion of his career.
yardog59::Not 1, not 2, not 3, ZERO!!!!
RyanCarranza::How do you know that?  Seriously... I thought he would have had at least one ring by now.  An attitude of a winner is what he lacks.
perrypete::you thought he would have a ring by now?  did you see who he played with in cleveland?  do you know who his boss was in cleveland?  anyone who thought he would have a ring by now is crazy!  but there is no excuse for him not to win one the next three years.
blacksheep333::nobody can defend jeremy lin no team.
RyanCarranza::Yeah lets see what happens when he meets Derrick Rose...
fairandbalanced00::The Harvard dude can play!
burdie57::that's what I say about Ryan Fitzpatrick.
yardog59::Why do people continually come on the boards and act stupid?
Chex Lemeneux 6::I was at the game (unfortunately I am a Wizards fan... at least until Stern decides to resurrect my Sonics), and to all of those who say Wade is better, do not let the stats fool you.  Bosh and Wade each scored a very quiet 20+ points because Lebron would get doubled everytime he cut through the paint.  In other word, he was the primary focus of the defense.  Wizards also lost because Wall missed about 3-4 easy layups and some atrocious turnovers, and because Nick Young can't stop himself from shooting every time he touches the ball.  But that's a whole other conversation : /  My primary point is that, for better or worse, Lebron is what makes that offense tick.  Everyone on the court is living in his world.
blacksheep333::they lost to orlando this week. more talent.  even milwaukee more talented then the wizards.  they fired flip saunders for no reason.
fairandbalanced00::Again, for all of you hating on Miami, especially Chicago fans, I'll take LEBRON,WADE and BOSH anytime in a seven game series over Rose,Deng and Boozer. Also, I don't think Deng deserved the allstar spot, he got it beacause he plays for Chicago,  that spot should've been given to Josh Smith, he's by far the most talented player.
yardog59::Fact:  Heat -- 0 Bucks -- 2
iamabuttpirate10::Fact:  Bulls-0 Heat-1 And need i mention the playoffs last year?
fairandbalanced00::If you are a bulls fan, I will tell you that your team should start beating the good teams instead of losing. The Heat has a better record against over .500 teams. Orlando?? Pleeease. Also, I've mentioned a 7 games serie against Chicago, they can't even stop Miami's third best player in Bosh, Chicago's big men always get owned by CB and those are facts!
yardog59::How do you fit all that stupid inside that head of yours???
yardog59::No, I just came here to troll. Come on over to any of the Bulls threads and see what we put up with from so called Heat fans. This is all you're getting from me. Now then..........FLAG THIS BE-OTCH!!       Stupid!!
Legendary561::you can do better than insult others. Add something of value or st.f.u
yardog59::The Heat will get "Bucked" again Monday.
blacksheep333::I 'm not hating just telling facts.  The lakers are the only team that could lose to the wizards.  the heat back on track they lost this week to orlando then the the wizards and now there back on track. why don't they beat somebody with some talent.   your better then that nba.com/espn.
fairandbalanced00::FACT! in las 19 victories Chicago had were against under.500 teams. The last 3 games they played against over .500 teams their record is 0-3. Of course if you are a bulls fan.  Miami has a winning record against over .500 teams. Get your facts straight.
carzrcool8769::http://www.the-outfielder.com/2012/02/linsanity-in-full-force.html Linsanity
53Kevin::YOU MIAMI $@%! FANS STAY OFF THE BULLS CHAT BOARDS DAMN IT!!!!!!!!
NugsAvsBroncosRockies::I'm coming to troll you now Kevin since you asked for it.
53Kevin::You probally already was doing it!
brandonlee561heat::this is the Heat board, which is ironic.
53Kevin::Yeah and I kno you saw some of your heat fan buddies on ours which made me come on yours to say what I said. Some of your stupid fans are always on our boards.
Aicyla22::haha i know and bc of his post i went to check out the bulls board
Pepiope::So the headline says, "Wade, Lebron put on show to lead Heat", but Bosh was the top performer? Good job ESPN
Aicyla22::what does top performer have to do with putting on a show?
Aicyla22::yep i personally like 3 pointers, which my team sucks at
NugsAvsBroncosRockies::Ohh ok gotcha. Yeah I noticed it after your reply, my bad. Of course people like the dunks, it's like home runs in baseball.
Aicyla22::your former $@%! word confused me.  I watched the game, he doesn't put on a show he's a jump shooter for the most part.  Ppl like the dunks.
NugsAvsBroncosRockies::Ok and neither can you apparently...bosh being the top performer doesn't mean anything. He could have been getting layups while lebron and Wade were throwing down alley-oops and behind the back passes.
Aicyla22::what?
NugsAvsBroncosRockies::ya no sh*t, lol. His points could have been layups. Someone can't read
deftones86::Also the fact that their opponent was Washington.  The Cavs could put on a show against them.
redwing1776::Bosch has been getting the job done.
MarsRover20::How do you like Waid?
aaFOn132::Da-Bears1985 your use of "your" after the word "team" was incorrect. It's actually "You're" you stupid, stupid person. If YOU'RE going to hate on someone for making a spelling error at least make sure your comment does not have any.
Aicyla22::nice
Da-Bears1985::The German manufacturer?  Yeah, they tear $@%! up!  At least know the players on your "team" if your going to spoo all over them.
junkmailboy1000::I wonder what he thinks of Waid and LeBrawn too
FranklinStrut::THE FINAL WORD: THE HEAT WILL CHOKE. IT IS THEIR DESTINY.
junkmailboy1000::Lebron's fault
Bhintage::Spongebob re-runs are better than Wizard games!
Aicyla22::heat game conversations usually have 5000+ comments this one has 1667, just shows how uninterested ppl are in this team
aaFOn132::@brandonlee561heat What? The winning? Yeah, you're probably right.
Aicyla22::hopefully
brandonlee561heat::lol, I assume it will all die down once Melo returns
Aicyla22::yes its a good thing except he better not be playing like that when we play them i HATE the knicks they are my arch nemesis'
brandonlee561heat::I enjoy it when there are no spammers, and half as many haters with everyone's attention on Lin.
Aicyla22::?
brandonlee561heat::Thank god! haha
coyin83::Is Miami throwing a parade for beating the Wizards?
Aicyla22::original...
Bhintage::Beating the Wizards...  Check  Beating the Bucks...  uuuuuuh.   ummmm.
Dr.Killapatient...::The bucks will beat themselves...
Bhintage::Stephen Jackson specifically.
rafroch7.2::<b> I'm actually happy there are a bunch of storylines this season that take the attention away from the Heat, like the emergence of Jeremy Lin, Dwight Howard trade rumors, an amazing rookie season by Kyrie Irving, the Mavs struggles, OKC's rise in the West, etc.  I think that will motivate the Heat even more. Last season no one talked about  the Mavs and they went all the way. Of course, I know the Heat will be way more talked about than Dallas last season, but it's no comparison with the Heat's last year, where every game they played people talked about them.</b>
Bhintage::Your season will always hinge on wether LeChoke wants to play in the 4th quarter in the playoffs.
Bhintage::Pat Riely was all the attention they had in the past, so I guess coverage is coverage.
Aicyla22::it is what it is.  I'm glad he joined the heat bc it brought the heat into the spotlight even though they won a championship before they were never really talked about like the lakers, celts, knicks, etc.  They've only been around since 88 and bc lebron brought them popularity they wouldn't have gotten any time soon otherwise
Bhintage::I can agree with that.  Kinda sucks that LeBron made such a hype before it all began though.
Aicyla22::as a real heat fan, i can tell you i didn't expect them to make it to the finals last year so although losing it sucked making it there wasn't a disappointment
Bhintage::We got thier number this year or so it seems.
Bhintage::The Bucks.  We know our place in the NBA is loose at best, but at least we don't get a huge disapointment like Heat fans.
Aicyla22::and who's your team?
Aicyla22::The heat need to motivate themselves and not rely on the media to do it.
deftones86::"It's better to get less attention."  Hmmm, maybe somebody should pass that one on to Lebron.
Aicyla22::yes the media attention is definitely died down since last season thank god
rafroch7.2::right, but at least we don't have every reporter trying to cover every little thing that happens with the Heat.   It's better to get less attention.
PoorTebow::Who cares?  Is all about JLin Nobody gives a dime about Miami.
brandonlee561heat::hopefully Melo gets back soon and this floss eyed hype dies down
Da-Bears1985::Lin would start on the Heat, so racist comment aside, you better hope Melo returns and plays better.
raven.5200::These are the games theyre supposed to win.No big shocker here.
Dr.Killapatient...::Why does Fisher and Ron Artest get the minutes they get, I have no clue.... The Lakers have so many holes that if they make it to the playoffs, they could easily be swept again, this is mostly because of Fisher being the starting PG.... Is D Will still available? lol
RuffNeck81::Congrats, the heat beat the wizards, that's a huge accomplishment
Da-Bears1985::If the Heat overtake the Bulls for the #1 spot, they may run into the Bucks in the playoffs.  It would only be too hilarious to be knocked out by the Bucks as well.
yardog59::Now then.............if they could only get past those pesky Bucks!!
raven.5200::they dont need to.
MrGBush::man they are so good this year it's scary
AbyssinianLion::Do you even watch BBall or just the highlights? ESPLin has another brain washed fool...OVER HYPED by ESPLin:  Tebow Heat Gronkowski Clippers Lin Tiger Woods
aaFOn132::LMAO  @Da-Bears1985....
Da-Bears1985::You'd drink Rose's Santorum if you had a chance.  Stop trying to be cool and knock on Rose.  He's one of the best players in the game right now.  He doesn't have 1.25 other stars on his team so what he does is by far more spectacular that what any Heat player does.  Lebron is still THE best player but thankfully it's a team game.
Da-Bears1985::Add the Heat to the over hyped as well.
venator360::As you post another comment on an ESPN message board...
giangir::You forgot the overhyped Derrick Rose...
PTBMLLLC::This highlight reel show Lebron exactly why everyone hates him.  He is an ego maniac that salivates at the souund of his own name.   Its also the reason why they will never win a championship against the NBA.   Everyone has beat the Wizards with the exception of 4.   Against the elite teams they are 2-6, in which the first game was against a Dallas team that has never played together before
earlealston::So basically only "good" people are allowed to win rings......well, someone should take Kobe's away right now then....smh
PTBMLLLC::This highlight reel show Lebron exactly why everyone hates him.  He is an ego maniac that salivates at the souund of his own name.   Its also the reason why they will never win a championship against the NBA.   Everyone has beat the Wizards with the exception of 4.   Against the elite teams they are 2-6, in which the first game was against a Dallas team that has never played together before
jordsdolphins::hmmm  you do know The Heat are 8 - 4 against teams .500 and better? Why make yourself look like a moron by making things up?
AbyssinianLion::Chicago is easily the better team than the Heat:  Miami = SCORING 2nd,REBOUNDS PER GAME 16th, ASSISTS PER GAME 14th, POINTS ALLOWED 16th, POINT DIFFENTIAL 3rd, Blocks 20th,Turnovers 4th Chicago=  SCORING 9th,REBOUNDS PER GAME 2nd, ASSISTS PER GAME 3rd, POINTS ALLOWED 3rd, POINT DIFFERENTIAL 1st, Blocks 4th, Turnovers 23 rd  We will get a chance to prove it soon. This time we will have DEng and CJ. Good luck Miami!
giangir::Are you bringing up regular season numbers to back up why the Bulls are better than the Heat?  Did you not learn anything about the difference in the regular season and the playoffs last year after what happened to the Bulls?  You realize the Bulls lost in 5 games last year (5 games is that even a close series) to the Heat right? And this year the Heat is deeper with a healthy Haslem and MIller, and the additions of Battier and Cole while the Bulls only added Rip.  You might want to wait until the Bulls actually beat the Heat when it counts before you start bragging.
ed9116::I don't think the defense of the Heat is as good as it was last year. Giving up 89 to a slack Wizards when the Bulls gave up 64 to an equally slack Bobcats. The Eastern Conference Finals should be great! I really hope both teams are at full strength because that could be an EPIC series.
jordsdolphins::because the heat get out and run and don't play in the half court so uwill concede more thats just the way it is
mystik-eye::Seriously Espn,giving the Heat a headline for beating the Wizards! They must feel guilty for all the Lebrons Fault posts.
jcupps12::the wizards are so bad lebron took the night off lol
06dave17::or maybe he thought it was a playoff game
jordsdolphins::29ppg in the playoffs
sharar09::I keep watching this team and the more I do, I have to be honest... damn they are going to be tough to beat.   -Laker fan
xsv2965::http://tinyurl.com/76wt37o
a critic::Bosh is lights out ...........against weak opponents!  The .5 of the Big 2.5 getting it done!
CbadLancer14::he shows up for bug games more often than the big 2
UK_Basketball_for_life::I don't care: That Lin kid knows basketball. Give him a raise tomorrow.
Lennylen2012::Lebron's forehead is the stairway to heaven
Lennylen2012::I came here to troll
D-Nice891::You know Lin is a big deal when a Miami Heat game board only has 1600 comments
giangir::Definitely thats where all the trolls went this time.  But they will be back they love Lebron too much, and cannot stop thinking about him...
ImJestSayin::LeBron's Fault
LeBrick0-2Finals::Wade has a higher career FG% than LeBrickshow
James59923::thtas all good lebron n wade got each other to win
5maximus1996::Rose&gt;Lebrick
perrypete::bulls
Dr.Killapatient...::Lebron&gt; lin&gt; tebow&gt; ur mom&gt; rose&gt;you
yardog59::Milwaukee Bucks &gt; Miami Heat. I would be angry too!!
markodegr8::Lebron James best player of all time....real talk better than Jordan http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wREatkmQsQc
tizi6969::Lebron aint even top 5 let alone best player. You gotta win a ring first
yardog59::He could win 5 and still never come close to being as good as Michael Jeffery.
James59923::kobe has 5 rings n he shoots 41% in the finals ...............yea it wasnt because of him it was because of his team dont blame him for anything last yr finals he backed up for wade
LETSSEEWHATYOUGOT::And Lebron Has The Rings To Prove It Right ??? Ummm   .... Regular Season  Scale 1 - 10 . 10 Being The Best   -  Lebron Is At A = 9.8 ( Healthy ) D-Wade = 9.5  Playoffs - D- Wade = Offense + Defense Better , Mentally Stronger  .... Better Than Lebron  . Still D-Wade's Team
White Dajan::How quickly they forget...  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7WR86xLSITc
markodegr8::Here's my top 3:  Lebron James Kevin lOVE Lin
eddie89446::Really Lin?????
Danny0621::Guess the Heat Won that's why it's a slow night on here!!!
Dr.Killapatient...::That and the Wizards are just AWFUL...
mintzerkj4eva::LIN VS FISHER  http://yfrog.com/nyud4p
Dr.Killapatient...::Boston is Garbage this year geez... I didn't expect them to be this horrible... Toronto.... SMH
brandonlee561heat::yea for sure
Dr.Killapatient...::That's good.. I saw on the box score that the bench players got some good minutes.... That's good. In games like these. Spo has to play them more to help develop them and give them confidence.
brandonlee561heat::Yep, they are bad
brandonlee561heat::Battier was on fire in the 4th. I hope to god this is the game where he got his rhythm back
brandonlee561heat::We played great n the first half, they went on a 13-2 run in the 3rd quarter, then we basically pulled away in the 4th
brandonlee561heat::Yea, was pretty good
Dr.Killapatient...::Hey whatsup man, did you watch this game?
