n8n8n888::Jimmer is starting to become more comfortable.  The wins will happen if the team can begin to gel better.  Meanwhile, the Jimmer train is picking up steam.  Enjoy the ride!
chubby rain::Jimmer is a slow white man's hope, he will NEVER be a star NEVER,  he will be coming off the bench for the rest of his little white career. Deal with it!
chadwi12::and your fat little black a s s, will be sitting on at ur computer on ur fat black a s s, for the rest of your career, talking about this slow white boy who is making millions coming off the bench or starting, and how horrible he is... all the while, he is laughing, all the way to the bank cashing checks... so u might be the one with a little something to deal with fat boy.... hater
chadwi12::ur just fat
7728 disco lemonade::with that roster, the Kings will be hard pressed to win more than 10 games this season ...
Aaron14488::Way too many byu/jimmer lovers hating on every kings player but jimmer.  They're a young team that has to find a way to build some chemistry.  They needed a full training camp and pre season more than any other team as far as i'm concerned.  Not sure if they'll be able to find that chemistry anytime this season but i'm sick of hearing about how horrible all the other players are.  This comes down to coaching.  As a suns fan I love westphal but am just not impressed with  what he's doing with this team yet.  Ball hogs/no getting back on defense/horrible free throw %/no adjustments throughout the game/horrible use of timeouts... all comes down to coaching in my opinion! Paul unless you do something quick you wont be around much longer.
dreamks::Nah, The BYU dude, Aaron14488, is right and you're a bit Jimmer crazy.  "Selfish thugs" trying to freeze Jimmer out?  That's crazy talk though an interesting mix of racial and conspiratorial nonsense.
chadwi12::ur words on westphal are dead on, but as far as getting on the people who are frustrated at the players, u are as off as off can get.... dude u must not have not watched one game, to have this opinion and still consider urself a fredette fan..... Im not overboard in my assessment of fredette. i don't think he's winning an mvp this year or making an all star game, or even ave 20, but one thing i do know is that he can shoot the free kin basketball. and one expectation i did have was that nba caliber players would hit him when he's wide fffffffffn open.... this freeze out by evans and thorton is epic..... epic..... i watch so much basketball that it would make the ave man sick, and i have never seen such selfishness in all my time being a fan... its so obvious its ridiculous.. i live in NC and solely like fredette because he can play. i love watching him.. its not religious or a white thing, its a ball thing.... what those two selfish players are doing to him is an injustice to him and the game of basketball... the fact that a guy in a freaking byu shirt doesn't not only get it, but is actually taking sides with the selfish thugs trying to freeze ur national poy right out of the league is mind boggling.
basketballsteele::Do the Kings realize the type of inside-out game they can have if they just utilize Jimmer??  Opposing defenses are just packing the paint every time the Kings bring the ball down the court! If they would just dish it out to Jimmer maybe the big guys would realize the paint will open up for them since he's obviously a deadly shooter from outside!!!!! Just saying...
chadwi12::you aint watching the game bullenut.... at all
Rbullenut::BYU fans don't know anything. Jimmer gets plenty of looks and has the green light to shoot when it is there. This isn't college ball anymore! He isn't the only option. They are kicking it out plenty.
superpieman802::he was 4-6 from downtown last night i think they are dishing it out to jimmer
_TheSixthHeatle_::Borderline personality disorder is a disorder where&nbsp;individuals experience frequent, strong and long-lasting states of&nbsp;aversive&nbsp;tension, often triggered by rejection, being alone or  failure. Individuals are very sensitive to the way others treat them, reacting strongly to perceived criticism or hurtfulness. Their feelings about others are negative, generally after a disappointment or perceived threat of losing someone.&nbsp;Individuals with BPD are deliberately manipulative&nbsp;or difficult, with &nbsp;inner pain and turmoil, powerlessness and defensive reactions, or limited&nbsp;coping&nbsp;and communication skills. "Trolling" is a common release for individuals with BPD.  .
Truth speaker 321::Everybody go to bed. It is nighty night time. Everybody go to bed. It is nighty night time. Everybody go to bed. It is nighty night time. Everybody go to bed. It is nighty night time.
anjorgy::Wow, so im not a kings fan.. but with all the talent they have... they could be pretty good...but they don't know how to pass the ball.  This is probably one of the most selfish teams in the NBA. If they would move the ball around, they could actually be pretty good. Do they even have set plays that don't have to do with isolation?  Thornton can be by far the worst ball hog, followed by cousins...its so frustrating to watch them play.   PS, im not a kings fan even, just taking advantage of free NBA league pass til its over.
flopsisback::Almost makes you wish for the L-Train / Mitch Richmond days again....from a Lakers fan who lived in Sac back in the day.
anjorgy::tyreke i think is a stud who is just off his game... but i do see your point about a true pg.. too bad there are not that many out there.  Thornton would be good if he focuses on passing first : )
KobethaMVP24::They need to trade Tyreke, he just doesn't fit well at PG for that team...He's a scorer.  Fredette seems like a good fit with Thornoton as a starter.
KobethaMVP24::Man the Cousins situation is gettin ugly, you see his tweet?
anjorgy::few teams out there probably want to take a guy like cousins into their lockeroom. ok talent.... huge risk of him trowing a temper tantrum.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::NO AMARE FOR COUSINS!!
ajbswish5::thomas needs more mins
KobethaMVP24::Man lets hope that dude stops stalking me
mattfootball71::I know, its always a bunch of dumb $@%!
jtgault85::hitler would be proud
Centennial2009::yay were all here!!!!
mattfootball71::I think that you are a dumb nig
Centennial2009::oh thank god. its hard to find white people on a basketball board.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::NOT SURE WAT YOU SAID, BUT IM WHITE
mattfootball71::Thats right $@%!$
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::NOT YOU AGAIN
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::U FOLLOWIN ME?
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::ME TOO
KobethaMVP24::I'm doing the same thing you're doin gman, hoping board 2 board to see which one is spam free
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::ALL THE GOOD TEAM BOARDS ARE FULL OF SPAM, THATS WHY IM HERE
Truth speaker 321::Bulls beat the Grizzlies by 40.
FrankieFatal::FIRE WESTPHAL NOW!!!! He never calls timeouts at the right time. Doesn't know how to dictate match ups in our advantage and what was the gameplan tonight? I don't understand the lack of movement in this offense! All I see is the PG bring the ball up, make 1 pass to someone who flashes out to the 3pt line and then that person either drives to the basket or shoots a 3.  Can anyone tell me when was the last time these guys shot like a 15 footer?! It's either a 3 or a drive to the basket, nothing else. And all while this is happening Wesphal does nothing. No yelling on the sidelines to get his players to move. It's like he quit tonight. He was obviously avoiding Cousins in the huddle. I really don't get it. I'm not mad at Tyreke for being the way he is because he is not getting any guidance from his coach. That was pathetic tonight!
supe540::Westphal buries Cousins in the media then plays him 22 mins?  Westphal is an idiot that needs to be let go.
JBurhenn253::Ive been saying and will continue to do so. Give Isaiah minutes. They gave him 16 mins tonight and look at the stat line. Jimmer is good and tyreke is good but give some of those mins to Zeke and watch what he does. It can't hurt, the kings aren't winning anyways. Things can only go up
couga007::I am a BYU fan, and I watch Kings games because of Jimmer.  Having said that, I think Tyreke and Thorton are extremely talented.  Just because I want to see Jimmer start doesn't mean that I have to be blind to the talent of the other players.  They just need to get some chemistry.  They have only been playing together for about a month...  The Kings do suck right now though.
