Sao Jorginho::KryptoN8!!!!!!
mickael14::How about D. Rose gives  to charity the $16.4 millions he is making this year since he is not planning on coming back and play for our beloved Bulls ?
AsianXL::Meatheads are in every sport and every team.
bob964::I hate stupid people like you.
drew_h07::hes a $@%!$
Jaywashing::Shut the hell up about this.   He's recovering from an injury he suffered while shouldering the load for your goddamn Bulls--basically the oh-god-no-anything-but-that of sports. Chill out; think logically. He'll be back precisely when he should be back--when he feels ready--and you won't give three f.u.cks about the wait.
mickael14::He is accordingly paid to compensate the load he needs to carry. In my business, people do not get paid when they do not want to come at work. He can stay home if he wants but should not pocket anything because he was cleared by medical staff to play!
J.Bark::What a shameful article.  Real Bulls fans are not giving up on this season as there is still a chance that they will be semi-healthy for the playoffs and be a factor.  Not saying they'll win the championship or beat the Heat, but they might be able to get to the 2nd round and get physical enough with the Heat to make them more mortal going forward.  I would consider that a successful season.
Robert156877::I would rather the Bulls lose the last 7 games, drop to 7th seed, get a better draft pick and not have to play Miami until the Conference finals.
FillJecksun::see wat happenz when i couach
Jimmy Butler III::Bulls stole a win out there last night buut I will take it
Jaguarcrazyboy::Sloppy game but the Bulls got the job done. ORL played hard and lucky CHI came up with the win.  Hope to see a healthy line up soon.
NEONMANIAC77::Beno &gt; Jameer
Kalmdownanddigdeeper::Is Rose ever gonna stop hiding and coming back in order to help the team that gave him a huge contract?
Robert156877::No.  We will likely be hearing to same sort of things preseason because he hasn't dealt with the mental side of the injury and noone is pushing him to get back in there and start rebuilding his confidence..
J.Bark::No one cares anymore man.  He is not playing this season.  Move on.  Other things to focus on as a Bulls fan.
Never_Sweat07::LMAOOOOOOOOOO
Kit Ramsey::Are ever going to start minding your own business?
DatGuy8921::Fatality!
845chase::Chicago Rush got lucky tonight
Kit Ramsey::Please.
green_plastic::Nate Robinson, Bulls MVP this season?  League minimum + 1 yr contract certainly makes for motivation.
NEONMANIAC77::Robinson has been underrated for years
tbest23::I was thrilled when Bogans was sent packing and we got Rip. I don't feel that way anymore. Rip is a bust and needs to be dropped so Butler can start.
Bulls.Sox.Bears.Hawks.::JIMMY "GETS BUCKETS" BUTLER!
Bulls.Sox.Bears.Hawks.::GG Magic..Played the Bulls pretty good
FoxKat93::MRA, not including Rose, seven players have sat out with injuries this season--even some at the same time: Noah, Rip, Deng, Boozer, Taj, Marco, and Kirk. There has been 13 different line-up changes and rotations of 7-8 players. Despite similar circumstances, the Bulls have played better and has been better coached. Every player from the starting line-up has been out with injury as well as key players who have had much more of an impact on the game.
Kit Ramsey::And the players that are hurt for the Magic ALL SUCK, so it wouldn't have mattered if they were all healthy anyway, because the Bulls still would have won.
whatsahoya99::Orlando has lost 13 games this season by 3 points or less.  Best 19 loss team ever lol.
Basketball Enthusiast::Good win bulls! I dind't watch cause I'm in Europe but lets go CHICAGO!!!
Mcfly_2015::Chicago's last 3 wins = by 1, by 2, by 1
geeman217::Does that matter to anyone beside bookies and saps who bet on games
Jimmy Butler III::Still wins though
BrianDavidScalabrine24::I'm coming out of retirement and I'm going to lead us to a championship.
DatGuy8921::Is Coach Thibs gonna make an account guys?
Joakim Simon Noah::Welcome back Scal.
john.finegan23::Another win bulls! It's amazing how were missing 5 guys and still win lets get that 4 seed now and we got a heck of a chance
Sportaddition1314::MRArtman2u---That was the most nonsensical thing I've ever heard. Rose is injured and therefore missing...the duration doesn't matter. He's still part of the team.
MRArtman2u::Whats amazing? Mgic are missing seven guys and all of them have actually played this season unlike the bulls who still act like rose is missing although i see no numbers they are missing at all from his absence since he hasnt wven played. Stop ncluding him as a.player you are missing. He wasnt therenin traini g camp or preseasonnor all season somyou arent missing him. Its very pathetic
Kit Ramsey::U are officially the dumbest poster of ALL TIME.
FoxKat93::Fine, they are missing four. Do you feel better?
geeman217::What the he.ll you whining about???  Magic could've won this game by 20- (Or Bulls could've won by 20)  it wouldn't have mattered in the grand scheme of things.  Your team stinks
FillJecksun::am fill jecksun wurshap me
305Art::Don't worry about Heat fans coming in to b.itch  - they're still pissed about Chicago destroying the streak last week. "Those were not uh.... those were not basketball plays!!"
C-Tom::I wouldn't be that mad if I were them. Sure, possibly setting an NBA record would be nice, but they're still the defending champs and have the top record in the eastern conference.
Kit Ramsey::So, they got beat by a team with 4 guys out, deal with it.
DBrownDrose::lol thats so true
Estebanfcvmcvj::bulls win lets go bulls.. rose coming back for playoffs if we can get 4 or better seed
J.Bark::Rose is not playing this season.  Move on.  Other things to focus on as a Bulls fan.
C-Tom::Not a bulls fan, but I think Rose coming back in the playoffs would mess up the chemistry this current team has. Back in 2009 when ORL made the finals, SVG brought back Nelson and had Alston come off the bench. The team wasn't in sync and we ended up losing the series. Just my opinion though. Don't rush things. Wait till the start of next season.
Kit Ramsey::Shut up.
DBrownDrose::he should come back regardless
Flying Through Madison Street::Hopefully he comes back with at least 5 games left in the season
kab747::One miserable point against a scrubby team? Wow! At home? Double wow!!
Dart1337::Hey buddy - scoreboard record and playoff contention 3 things the bulls have that the magic don't. Deal with it
MRArtman2u::Jameer. Afflalo. Big baby. Harrington. Harkless etc.. Thats not four players thats five idiot.and we arent counting players whonhaventnplayed all season or preseason like bulls fans do
Kit Ramsey::Even with all of them healthy, the Magic still STINK!
marcos977::oh yea it sucks so bad they won by 1 point cause if you blow the team out the nba gives you bonus points oh wait they dont
C-Tom::Most teams play hard every night. Some times shots are falling, sometimes shots don't. Just have to deal with the fact. Unless your the Lakers...
kab747::And yet, that was a winnable game. Without Lebron and Wade. Go figure!
BABY IGGY..FELTON WILL GIVE HIS RETIREMENT SPEECH AT TACO BELL::•yet
geeman217::That's basketball Dude  Next time-  look in your own backyard before you come commenting on someone else's
DBrownDrose::there you go we had 5 important players out
BABY IGGY..FELTON WILL GIVE HIS RETIREMENT SPEECH AT TACO BELL::Yes you're bashing a win without rose, NOAH and taj
Flying Through Madison Street::5 players are out
Monzy1396::Actually, the Magic only had 4 players listed as out tonight. Try to read before you post.
DBrownDrose::thats true but bulls are in the playoffs
C-Tom::Magic have more, your point?
305Art::Bandwagon Heat Fan Incoming!
marcos977::last time i checked a wins a win
DBrownDrose::how you gonna let melo score 50 points on you guys lol
mickael14::From his 50 points, his closest shot was from 15 feet. This is a performance that deserves credit not like when LJ score 35 and and most of them are dunks or layups.
SWIFTSLICK::Melo's been on a tear recently...50...then 40...41 tonight... The "Blackhole" is practically scoring at will.
marcos977::it sucks how common acl tears are in sports now i mean galo just tore his acl
tekfreak5::its adidas shoes
Kit Ramsey::It's too much working out and playing basketball, u can't keep punishing your knees 12 months a year, these players should take 3 months off playing ball, that way their knees get to recover by training camp, riding a stationary bike and lifting is all they should do in the off season.
SWIFTSLICK::Something's wrong in the game. It's becoming too common, there must be a reason.
Flying Through Madison Street::Yeah if I were a player I would look at the things that prevent acl tears and do everything I need to prevent it
Flying Through Madison Street::Haha Delonte west photo for mike james
geeman217::If we had those 3 losses against Denver, Dallas and Washington,  we'd be breathing down Indy's neck....
Dart1337::And Sacramento...and this...and that.  Can't do anything about it now. Just gotta get to the playoffs and do work son.
Flying Through Madison Street::bobcats also
marcos977::Funny thing is the heat won 27 in a row and have to win the rest of their games of the season just to beat our regular season record by 2 wins when rose won mvp
trizzo23::whats funny is that rose team did not even get to confrence finals...did they get out of first rd?
zachzach1010::Do you mean the season when LeBron locked down D-Rose in the ECF?
Kit Ramsey::No, when the Bulls swept the Heat in the 07' playoffs.
geeman217::Jimmy put the clamps on the Euro,    The Euro went down in value....  (pa-dink-ping)
DEMBULLS69::give it up, its just a win over orlando lol
geeman217::It's a jokey-joke.  Did I say order the Parade in Grant Park???
patrice lumumba 1961::nate robinson might be  the most underpaid player in the nba this year, I dont even think he made $800,000 this year
SWIFTSLICK::That's not counting all his appearance fees as Kevin Hart.
Flying Through Madison Street::So do you think kendall gill will be back next year?
DEMBULLS69::he gone!
BABY IGGY..FELTON WILL GIVE HIS RETIREMENT SPEECH AT TACO BELL::These post game shows are just too awkward, no chemistry lol
BABY IGGY..FELTON WILL GIVE HIS RETIREMENT SPEECH AT TACO BELL::"Ain't no one messin with my heat, loyal fan for 10+ years!" -bandwagon 10 year old in Montana
KillMeBaby::Meanwhile in Indiana......
SelMahir22::Nate Rob. Un-Stop-a-Bull !
DBrownDrose::no hes pretty stopable
Joakim Simon Noah::For the few remaining Heat trolls on this board: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfNaI0JvczQ
mjvanderbilt38::We ended their streak and made them cry...two things i will never ever forget
SWIFTSLICK::<a href="http://s1.ibtimes.com/sites/www.ibtimes.com/files/styles/v2_article_large/public/2012/06/25/284045-fans-await-the-caravan-of-miami-heat-players-and-personnel-behind-a-pe.jpg">Miami Heat "fans"</a>
Chicago Is The Best Handsdown::It's Funny cause its TRUE!!!!!!
OPENLYUGLY::Where's Rose? That dude is going to have to ACCEPT he will no longer have the explosion he once had.
bob964::He will never have the explosion he once had?? According to people who have witness Rose practice.They said he still got his explosion and looks better.
SWIFTSLICK::Why do you care where Rose is? You're not a Bulls fan. It shouldn't matter to you.
marcos977::cause until he comes back your post is assanine your just speculating stupid crap
marcos977::yeah and if rose was on your team you would be hugging his n.uts
OPENLYUGLY::He's NOT and what does that have to do with the post?
Chicago Is The Best Handsdown::Nate Robinson has done an excellent job for the injury plagued Bulls!
surfzone365::Agreed...just needs to work on free throws
marcos977::I could understand if we weren't a playoff team without rose him sitting out the whole season but i do find it selfish cause he has been cleared if your team has a chance to win a chip this year with you on the court and the reason your not helping them win it all this year is cause your afraid thats unacceptable to me
bob964::Why can't people just leave the dude alone. He is coming out of an major injury of course there is going to be some mental issues. Every athlete, coach, ex player, and other experts say that Rose should take his time. Even his teammates and coach think he should take his time. I don't see what he is doing that is selfish. What's selfish is you pressuring him to come back because you believe that the bulls can compete. You want him to come back for your own needs.
Kit Ramsey::Say that again!
marcos977::lets see the differences between 2 years ago where every game was close and this year alright here we go Rose playing at a high level if he comes back check, Jimmy Butler starts at the 2 in the playoffs way better defense than Keith Bogans and have can score more than 2 ppg, Boozer is playing 10 times better than he did in that eastern conf finals and Noah is playing 10 times better than he did in that eastern conf finals yeah I think we got a shot to take out the heat
AL Central is A Joke But Go Whitesox::thats the problem we cant contend for a championship with the super hot Heat unless we don't face them and they get upset. and we still have all these injuries whether Rose comes back or not.
Jimmy Butler III::He hasnt even been out a whole year yet. Be patient
trizzo23::no afflalo,glen davis,nelson,harkless,turk,harrington..1 point win help from refs...be proud bulls fans
marcos977::why do you care the loss helps you move closer to the 1 seed in thelottery
trizzo23::should still get a player better then any bull...with rose haveing bad knee now
nbcardspujols5::haha keep dreaming, who ever you draft will end up leaving just like shaq and howard LMAO
DBrownDrose::haha you can only wish
nbcardspujols5::and the draft sucks this year haha
trizzo23::rebuilding team...team that thinks can win it all...lol
trizzo23::no ..thank you..still have 2nd most pingpong balls!
bronbronsdad::lol leave turk out
nbcardspujols5::no rose, rip, taj, noah, beli
DBrownDrose::BIGGEST GAME OF THE YEAR!!!
DBrownDrose::im kidding
geeman217::relax fella, It's a "W"
geeman217::Need a Tissue?
DBrownDrose::oh no we got the pistons again, which have been struggling against them
Flying Through Madison Street::8 more games before the playoffs
patrice lumumba 1961::seems like the season is going very slow to me, but it seems like that every year, the regular season can get boring
neverdieeazy34::Remember Ho Grant? " it feels better in blue"  Also, I'm pretty sure "LIL penny" had more accumulated minutes than big Penny. Orlando, your organization, to put nicely, sucks!
SWIFTSLICK::This is not a time to gloat. The Bulls had a big lead with 3 minutes left and let them get within one.
dcenate05050::magics future is beno udrih
CubanPete4000::No! I like watching Bulls games in Orlando!
surfzone365::Magic's future is Kansas City....
JDAnderson94::What is that even supposed to mean? We are moving because we had one bad season?
KillMeBaby::Kansas City has google fiber. Lucky $@%!$@%!
Illinois622::What happened to Beno being your best player? Lmao
OPENLYUGLY::WHAT? The Bulls let him in the paint all night. He's a backup player for Christ's sakes!
Gabriel Night::A backup to Nelson even...
AL Central is A Joke But Go Whitesox::i told everyone at the beginning this would be an ugly one. Half our team was out and half of theirs was out. But a win is a win even if it came down to a guy tripping over himself
DBrownDrose::at least we dont gotta see this magic team in the playoffs
trizzo23::vuc was fouled play before also...bulls get away with no call last 2 trips...be proud
geeman217::Butler got YANKED out of the air- No call No problem...  play ball
nbcardspujols5::take the loss and deal with it. quit $@%!$@%!
raider_tat_on_my_arm_version3::after hue hollins we deserve every call and that guy was best freinds with ed rush I HOPE HE DIESS
surfzone365::No wins coming easy for the Bulls...very ugly, but its a "w".  Go Bulls
geeman217::Dumb Euro spun himself out of a decent chance...
bronbronsdad::Bulls enjoy ur 1st round exit
Joakim Simon Noah::We gonna beat Miami for sure.
geeman217::*Another* BUTT HURT Opposing fan....^^
patrice lumumba 1961::they are going to the ECF, you'll see
