tris10blount::ok this is pathetic, charlotte really needs to do something at halftime of games. No matter how close it is at halftime (this game down by 6) Bobcats come out flat and and score for crap in the third quarter. It's been their biggest downfall this season. Teams make adjustments at halftime, and charlotte does nothing. They always dig themselves too deep a hole that they cannot get out of.
nahbb::nba fantasy draft all players are eligible where would u guys put kobe?   this site had him 14th seems to low tho... http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/
sSurgical::KING JAMES
Barrk6::74 comments LOL
KyberAntillies::Hahaha most games have thousands. 78? Wow.
Allday259::The team with the most black players get to go to the playoffs
Smile_kkkk::The NCAA champions should play the Bobcats just to see how bad the Bobcats really are
UConnTaliek::Yea for example, Kemba Walker just lead UConn to a championship last year and he's a bench player for them.  Corey Maggette was part of a Duke team that had 1 or 2 losses in '99 and went to the championship game, Gerald Henderson was a stud in college, DJ White and Augustin were really good players and Bismack Biyombo destroyed some big time college players in an international games, so as bad as they seem, they would obliterate any college team.  Hell, they beat the Magic (#3 team in the East) just a few weeks back.
Abe507::bobcats would actually crush them
b.guariglia::How the hell did Corey Maggette manage to play 28 minutes without getting a single rebound, steal, assist, or block?
Rdiu::4 letters SUCK
ericschneider15::your second half is pocket!!
DIN41::norfolk state&gt;charlotte
NOSUCHTHINGASALOCK::IF the nets dont cover -1.5 for the 2nd half after winning the 3rd quarter by 17 i might drive to dirty jersey and go ballistic
JamesZhou13::Did Gerald Green get promoted to starter?
socal6341::Comeback Cats
socal6341::Ok
TheSituation559::LOL keep dreaming. Money in the BANKKK
TheSituation559::Fade bobcats = money guys. I put a lot of money on the ML and then more on -6 and even more on -2 second half. 3k just from this game
bkmanmarriedtowhtfatchic::omg
Rezo201::Thanks for showing up Charlotte! Bastads!
metropolitanfanforever::I guess the Bobcats want to tank their season more than the Nets do at this point
FEAR_THE_HEAT::Bobcats are the winner in this game, they have more ping pong balls
dzalinov::I go away for 15 minutes. WHAT THE $@%! BOBCATS
John Michael00::WOW.This board is dead!Pitiful!
ericschneider15::They seem to stay kinda close till halftime.  Then they tank.,,,,
ericschneider15::Cats seems to play horrible in 2nd halfs
jaylendixon301::Wallace needs to come back to the Quen City
ghawg1967::Ive been following a betting system recently called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month now for 2 months straight just following this system. I found this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the very 1st page of Google when I found it. I strongly recommend this system to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works
Talentsojhin::wow that was all ball....jesus the Bobcats are bad enough without $@%! calls like that....
BlazersWar::3 Williams &gt; 1 Williams
Talentsojhin::So what happens if the Nets don't resign Williams or Wallace next year and loose that draft pick?
cmonson3::what if they keep both? they still suck
TheSituation559::Vegas made this way to easy. I took the Nets -6, ml, and -1.5 second half. Someone boutta be 3k more richer. Bobcats are an AAU team
FEAR_THE_HEAT::Nets need to lose cause the Wizards are winning? How are you going to get more ping pong balls??!
ghawg1967::Ive been following a betting system recently called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month now for 2 months straight just following this system. I found this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the very 1st page of Google when I found it. I strongly recommend this system to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works
ghawg1967::Under but I wouldn't bet on this game. Too risky
ericschneider15::under
jesswick18::over under 96 2nd half anyone?
ericschneider15::2nd half bet????
Sam_Hanson738425::Charlotte Bobcats vs. New Jersey Nets   randomly found this site with winners:   http://bit.ly/GLO1yE
TheSituation559::Just checking back in. Nets looking goood. This is the easiest bet I have every made lol NJ ML and -6 were a gift.
Talentsojhin::Does Humphries ever take a rest?
ghawg1967::Ive been following a betting system recently called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month now for 2 months straight just following this system. I found this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the very 1st page of Google when I found it. I strongly recommend this system to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works
Metropolitan8::Nets what are you doing???
benga4lebron::both teams trying to tank, let's see who will out tank the other...
ghawg1967::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "basketball betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. It is the best betting system I have ever followed in years of betting on sports and I recommend it to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works
TheSituation559::How much will New Jersey win by? I say +15 easily
benga4lebron::TheSituation559 - How much will New Jersey win by? I say +15 easily  NJ has been tanking it in the 4th quarter for about 4-5 games now since they got wallace.
MonstaCash::i say 5-10 range. We tend to not finish quarters, especially defensively.
anthonyfay1::For the first time ever im forced to root for my team to tank a season. Thanks to our GM'making an all time terrible trade. Gerald Wallace for a lottery pick in a deep draft? Really? He's useless and overpaid. We need to have a top-3 pick for it to be protected so GO BOBCATS! Thomas Robinson to NJ
benga4lebron::anthonyfay1 - For the first time ever im forced to root for my team to tank a season. Thanks to our GM'making an all time terrible trade. Gerald Wallace for a lottery pick in a deep draft? Really? He's useless and overpaid. We need to have a top-3 pick for it to be protected so GO BOBCATS! Thomas Robinson to NJ  NJ GM has this all planned, get wallace for nothing, but they would have to tank the season to get top 3 pick. this is a great auditioning to d.will but he going to leave anyways.
Rezo201::You sound like me. lol
Rezo201::The pug &gt; Dwight Howard
NardVa::Is it safe to call game over Nets win?
Rezo201::ESPN, your site has gone to sh*t with all this spamming and gambling crap. Ever heard of banning IP addresses? That's what just about every other website does in 2012 to fight against that.
ghawg1967::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "basketball betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. It is the best betting system I have ever followed in years of betting on sports and I recommend it to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works
Doxito::is this game starting in 15 minutes? or am i an hour early??  im trying to figure out the time difference, i live abroad.
Talentsojhin::Starts in 15 minutes or so.
TheSituation559::Nets take this with there eyes closed
Shub2308::Is Corey playing?
Talentsojhin::yes from everything I have read.
Rezo201::Don't let me down Charlotte, I need you to win this game. lol
