Mang Artemio::i think they should try starting barrea at the point, at lest he's more aggressive and can shoot outside
Chelo Mejias::Brandon Bass didn't score...and the c's dropped 101....that's depth
Jdzspace Espn::how did Jeff play?
Chelo Mejias::Jdzspace Espn   He was decent, Not as dominant as he's been in the past...i give him a B-
Jeff Francis::Chelo Mejias yea the only thing of note were his two rebounds near the end of the game that were almost offensive boards by the wolves. he didn't have a bad game though, just not really memorable
Elisaul Almonte::Tommy Heinsohn going to hunt down those refs after the game
Jeffrey Reed::Go Wolves! :)
Mitchel Mejias Jr.::Bleed Green
Chelo Mejias::20 fouls on the celtics 12 fouls on the t-wolves.  24 free throws for the t-wolves 10 free throws for the celtics.  Last few games, c's have been called for ticky tack fouls
Joe Coburn::Was not aware of the new rule stating every team must be called for the same amount of fouls and shoot the same amount of free throws. Game seems fairly called to me.
Chelo Mejias::Ja Cw   Did i say that it should be even every game?? all i'm asking for is that it's not one sided
Joe Coburn::Chelo Mejias - It hasn't been. It has been fairly called. And if you didn't think that the amount of fouls and free throw taken by each team was an indication of how evenly the refs were calling the game, then you would not have used it as evidence for your claim.
Tony Hartmann::Good win Boston. Your team has heart unlike my Wolves. The Wolves will never go anywhere playing in the West until they can win more consistently on the road.
Joe Coburn::Sullinger has been the difference in this game, especially down the stretch.
Joe Coburn::Notice how all my posts get deleted? ESPN mod is trolling me and they will do nothing about it.
Thomas O'Neal::Yankees fans keep deleting mine.
Jeff Francis::that's a win. good game wolves. idk what happened to rubio and all those missed layups or with pek and that missed dunk. glad to see sullinger and bradley getting better and better every game. we might be over .500 before rondo gets back!! then maybe we can push for that number 3 seed. with the weak east, i don't see why not
Harold Nations::Pretty amazing what a good coach and a great attitude can accomplish.  Go Celtics!
Tony Hartmann::To all Boston fans, I know this is off topic, but here goes. I am not excusing Thornton's actions against the Penguins, but after watching the Pittsburgh/Toronto game tonight I have to say the Penguins are one dirty team.
Andrew Gianola::The guy had a beating coming. But it shouldnt have been a cheap beating like that.
Tony Hartmann::Andrew Gianola The whole team is dirty. Thornton, however, should not have lowered himself to their level. Beating them on the scoreboard is all that matters IMO.
Andrew Gianola::Tony Hartmann agreed
Brian Belliveau::I'm so sick of watching Bass play over Humphries. After tonight Bass has a -66 (+/-) compared to Humphries who is a +43 (+/-)...a 109 point differential! Hump and Sully should be playing together all the time!!
Michael Hackmer::Any chance Kevin Love can become a Boston Celtic next year? Signing him and other veteran could get the Celtics back to competing for a championship.
Rob Horton::Boston will be back on track very quickly with the new coach regardless of K. Love.
Nik Budig::As much as a chance of Koivu leaving the Wild.
Mike Bird Munger::LOL@ ANYONE DUMB ENOUGH TO THINK THE REFS AREN'T INTENTIONALLY SCREWING THE CELTICS!!!
Jdzspace Espn::the C's better stop playing so well or Danny is going to trade away what good we do have on the team.
Tylor Ward::Lol expect that to actually happen .. we should just enjoy the wins while we can
Jdzspace Espn::Tylor Ward - I read the rumor that he might trade Jeff and Brandon for Asik....and i realized that if Danny wants a lottery pick, he's going to make it happen. the better we do now, the more it's going to hurt whenever he does what he does
Jeff Francis::Jdzspace Espn i really don't think they make that deal. that's way too much to give up, unless they take wallace's contract too and not a draft pick
Joe Coburn::Thats game. No foul, Pek missed another dunk. Good luck Celtics.
Brenda Murphy Donoghue::see ya lmao
Shek Leone::foul or not u gotta make that,barely any contact,dude is seven ft
Joe Coburn::Shek Leone - I agree, it wasn't a foul. Pek just missed. Good game, interesting team to follow once Rondo comes back.
Rob Horton::Surprise surprise.  Wolves lose. Lol
Jeff Francis::im a huge celtic fan, but sometimes i just have to mute the TV. heinsohn gets reeeeeeeeally annoying
Allen Andersen::spot on with the mute button... he is so annoying
Shek Leone::he complains about refs every game,i find it funny
Thomas O'Neal::There should be a Heinsohn and Dan Deirdorf mute button on every remote.
Chelo Mejias::24-11-5 for Sully, Good night....First place c's win again
Jdzspace Espn::I still can't decide if that is a compliment to the C's, or a put down to the rest of the division
Thomas O'Neal::C's!!!!!
Jdzspace Espn::indeed
John Martin::Celtics playing better than expected in weak east. Maybe the NY teams will pass them when they get over injuries, but then Rondo will come back for the Celts. In the end for the Celts to return to a high level they need a deal like getting Garnett-signing a big free agent next year is a more likely benefit than getting one of the so called freshmen stars.
Harold Nations::People keep conveniently ignoring the fact that Love is not a very good shot.  His rebounding is great, but both his total percentage and his three point percentage are below standard (as is his defense).  He's a nice, bright guy, and a terrific passer but that shouldn't blind folks to his faults as a player.
Thomas O'Neal::every player has faults. 25pts and 13rebs average makes him an MVP candidate.
Tony Hartmann::Harold Nations Agreed. Rubio needs to work on his shot and defense as well.
Harold Nations::Thomas O'Neal  he's not a serious MVP candidate as long as LeBron and KD are alive!  Love is a very nice player, just not a GREAT player.
Ron Schaffer::Wolves having trouble going from good to great. Too much competition in the West to be average.
Mike Bird Munger::LOL@ THAT BEING A FOUL ON VITOR!!!  HERE COME THE ANTI-CELTICS REFS ALREADY!!!
Randy Dixon::Just like I said...these are the twolves lol they will always be garbage
