Anthony L. Stebbins::Aaron Afflalo in one of the most underrated players in the league! He continues to expand his game every year!
Matt Geere::this game has a few match ups Im looking forward to seeing. hoping the magic young guns play well... Go VIc
Sina Soheili::Kudos to ur GM who got rid of that overrated cancer who spread to LA & now Houston & u got a real team not a one man guy developing in Orlando. Ur team is headed in the right direction!!! I wouldn't be surprised if they got a young star in the summer of 2014!!!
Andy Hull Jr.::this Mavs team is starting to gel together nicely… Calderon, Ellis, Dalembert, Mekel, and Blair appear to have been solid additions. Larkin & Harris set to return soon will only strengthen the bench. See y'all in May-June.
Brian Hanie::You have to hope Harris is a better defender than what Mavs have or there now, which from recollection he's not.  I'm not sure Larkin will even play because of Carlisle affinity for rookies
Sam Clark::This game is long over. What is the problem with ESPN?
Brian Hanie::This Dallas team is a defender away from contending.   There are so many legitimate scoring options on this team but they are collectively horrible on perimeter defense.   I'm not sure how the substitution/rotation works bringing in some one, but they need some defensive help
Sina Soheili::Should Dallas try to trade B. Wright, Ellington & Mekel or Larkin for Iman Shumpert (the 3rd best defensive guard in the NBA behind T.Allen & L.Stephenson) or for Omer Asik (one of the best defensive bigs in the NBA???)
Fjodor Balla::That package wont be appealing to any of those 2 teams.Basically they would be trading their best trading asset for B.Wright+ fillers. Nope.
Matt Greene::Houston really has no interest in any of those players . However Asik on the Mavs would be a huge Upgrade defensively and offensively .
Sina Soheili::I really wanted to see this game at Orlando but I'm ordering GSP vs Hendricks & watching the prelims!!!
Fjodor Balla::I'm worried abt this one.Back to back against a young team on the road
Sina Soheili::Im more worried about how much motivation we are going to have going to our hated rivals the back to back champs to a very young & up & coming team. Hennigan has those guys steered in the right direction & kudos to them for getting Vucevic & by far the best player in the draft in Olidapio!!! I think Dallas wins by 5 but it wouldn't surprise me if Orlando took it to us!!!
Fjodor Balla::You are questioning motivation?? Mavs have never had problems with that.We are not the Cavs (with all due respect to Cavs fans)
Sina Soheili::I get what u are saying but what I meant to say was the level of intensity will drop from playing a team like Miami to a team like Orlando. I never thought we were going to take the floor & take a nap & do nothing. We are up by 13 so I'm glad I'm wrong on this one!!!
Kenny Lay::Why this game is not up to date??
Mitchell Smith::both of these teams suck
Brian Ball::No worse than living in North Dakota!
Sina Soheili::Hiiii Troll!!!!
Pavel Knutsen::Not surprised by the W. The difference between the conferences is already starting to show yet again.
