sportsfans1995::only 920 comments...damnnnn
MetropolitansFan::Fire Avery!!!!
marcpru60::pretty convinced kris humphries dumbest player ever in nba, maybe any sport
Way Klaro::I am a nets fan on Kidd era. Since then I am glad not any more! I just remember the fan that wore/put his head in a paper bag. That's what nets basketball is all about.
HateBrass::Keep Stuckey, Jerebko, Knight and Monroe and clean house with the rest.  Hire Ben Wallace as a trainer and draft the big man Yancy Gates from Cincinati and let Wallace get him in NBA shape.  Fire Dumars and get a real coach because Franks is not the answer.
Ianlovesfozzypc::Franks is fantastic... I agree with everything else but the fact this team was the first team to twenty losses and he still refused to let them quit is a testimony to his skill as a coach.
piercesteenson::Finally the pistons are starting to play like they used to!!!!!!    Go stuckey!!!!!
HateBrass::Like they did in the late 1970s or early 80s before Isiah?  This team is crap!
HateBrass::And blowing any chance to get one of the top icks in the draft.  They should just play the talent but lose the games to build this team thru the draft. No sense in making the playoffs with this weak cast.  Get in the lottery and get either Gates, Thomas Robinson or Anthony Davis next year.  I would like Gates at center or Robinson at small forward with Monroe.
Dee Brown021::I'm a Piston fan, but WHY THE F*** ARE WE WINNING!
RyRyyy7::A good draft pick would be nice at this point...but I really don't want them to draft that Martian from Kentucky.
Ianlovesfozzypc::No one in the draft is a can't miss player.
HateBrass::EXACTLY!  You have a chance to get better if you lose and you are trying to win in a season that is basically a throw away.  Detroit-listen up.  We cannot attract big name free agents to come here and play. Lose now, let the four nucleus players (Stuckey, Monroe, Knight and Jerebko) get playing time together and draft in the top three to get Yancy Gates-a big powerful center.  Trade in the offseason so of the dead weight for experience veterans and then see if players want to play on a winning Detroit team.  But trying to make the playoffs now is dumb because you hurt your draft spot.
onzoownsyou::pistons are only 5 games out of the 8th spot
HateBrass::And this makes you happy?  This team is awful!  Lose, get the top pick and build a winner.  The city has teams now capable of winning titles so let the Pistons rebuild and win the fans back.  Red Wings can win 2012 Stanley Cup.  Tigers could win 2012 World Series.  With the right offseason moves, the Lions could win the Super Bowl next year with the talent they already have.  The Pistons are two years away from being a contender because they don't have enough quality talent and since they can't sign top free agents, might as well lose and built with the draft.
mck2100::4 game winning streak! pistons are on the rise!
jjc11293::I'm quite glad I missed this game.
jhawk2511::Guess whos back, back again Pistons back, tell a friend Guess who's back, guess who's back, guess who's back Guess who's back...  good to see the Pistons playing like the old days
strufolli::8 and 20 and u piston fans are excited..lol
marcpru60::well, we have knight and monroe to cheer for and for future... nets have dwill but to me offset by having $@%!$ kris h on team
Jackh2015::i was actually hoping they would lose a lot more this year, get a good draft pick in the loaded 2012 class. If we got Anthony Davis, in 5 years wouldn't we have one of the best big men combos in the league?
HateBrass::Yancy Gates from Cincinnati could be the lowpost scorer Detroit needs, the tough rebounder and shotblocker they need.  I like Anthony Davis but Gates has NBA size and great offensive skills. He just needs a trainer like Ben Wallace to make him tougher.
a_tizzy::i'd like to think of it as 4 of their last 4.
DetKoolAid::excited to see progress hell yeah, who wouldnt be? and besides us detroit fans have a lot to be excited for like the lions tigers redwings and UM/MSU
samerzz16::more excited about MSU than UM but definitely good for the State of Michigan in general
KillerPancakeX::Excited that they've been playing like an actual team lately? Yeah. The record has nothing to do with it.
a_tizzy::red wings in OT everybody
samerzz16::what did I say...wings dominate in SO!!
a_tizzy::streak is alive!
samerzz16::home game streak on the line....and if it goes to a shootout, the wings will dominate!
AdAllDay87::Good look
bamberg1977::Shootout, I'll watch.
AdAllDay87::Poor Wilkins got no love lol
a_tizzy::4 in a row, first time since 2009.
DetKoolAid::i keep forgetting about kyle singler too, he may come back next season after playing pro and be about just as good as a 1st round pick
bamberg1977::I guess. But with Jerebko, Daye, Tay (I really dont think Joe ever lets him go, he's said he will retire a Piston numerous times).   Dont see a spot for Singler. I know Daye looks like he's on his way out , but I think he just doesnt know how to play with intensity without making lots of mistakes. Maybe he'll never get it. But if he does he instantly becomes a good SF. He can flat out stroke from deep and you cant defend it.
HateBrass::Singler is a preppy white boy and he does not want to play in Detroit. You will never see him in a Piston uniform. Trade his rights and get someone who wants to be there.
DetKoolAid::i think daye will be gone before JoeD lets singler walk. Singler can play tough which Daye seems allergic to
DetKoolAid::for all the flack JoeD gets he did draft jerebko, knight, monroe, stuckey and maxiel. looks like he did good picking up walker russell as a nice back up pg. if he puts up another good draft and find anyway possible to rid us of CV i think he can start to gain some trust back from the fans
wolverinefootball13::Good Points, but remember how bad Anthony and Brown were together in the Olympics? I remember that Bill Simmons wrote in his book that it was mainly a top 3, and everybody thought DWade and Bosh were reaches. So theres no way we take either of them, and anthony blows up the chemistry and maybe that year we get knocked out of the playoffs early? So maybe the Darko bust benefitted us because we got Sheed for a while.
samerzz16::especially the Darko pick up, that one was the worst
samerzz16::yea definitely does...but with looking at our young talent this year and what we can potentially have in the draft hopefully we can get some good chemistry going and see the playoffs again very soon.  Definitely very excited about the next couple of years.
a_tizzy::it stings nonetheless thinking about that
samerzz16::touche....but with one of the best draft classes ever, that was a terrible pick up at #2 to say the least.
a_tizzy::yes. but he was the consensus #2, denver was trying to move up for him, ask them. Also we ultimately transformed darko into stuckey (and won a championship with darko as a bench warmer, ERGO, who is to say we would have traded for rasheed if we didn't draft him.)
a_tizzy::don't forget afflalo
bamberg1977::Outside of lottery, Dumars has probably been one of the best drafters in league. Its jus the 4 failed lottery picks that sting.
HateBrass::What drafts have you guys been looking at?  Not one Dumars draft has ever been a NBA All Star.  Maxiel has been a waste for years.  Delfino was a Detroit waste and in all his years what has Delfino accomplished?  Amir Johnson was nothing in Detroit.  Other than Prince (not one of my favorites) and Stuckey (hasn't shown he can lead), show me a good Dumars pick.   Daye is too inconsistent, Darko, Delfino, Cleaves and Rodney White were NBA busts.  Isiah found more gems in the draft than Joe has.
bamberg1977::Even guys like Amir and Delfino showed to be good role players in league. And Memo became all star. Those are 2nd round picks, almost never work out.
Lebrons Fault 69::i dont really care too much about the pistons record. Im very happy to see greg monroe develop into one of the better Centers in the NBA. Also will the pistons draft a center next year so he can play his natural PF position .
a_tizzy::honestly, we just need a shot blocking big to go next to him that can guard both the 4 and the 5
bamberg1977::Agree. Positions are pretty meaningless.
bamberg1977::Anthony Davis and Monroe together would be unreal, they really would complement eachother extremely well.  Its a dream.
markos kolioulis::you can thank chicago for that :)
samerzz16::Yea I can't wait to see Monroe in a few years and hopefully he is still with the Pistons.  He is developing into a fucking beast
bamberg1977::I dont agree that PF is his natural position. I think he's a center. If anything his good feet are better against centers, but his lack of quickness and range(covering ground) would make him worse at PF. And he's best grinding it out near hoop. He's a center.
t casey::I second that. And at 6'11, 250-ish, I think he fits well at that position size-wise.
alley_hoop_23::A NETS TEAM WITHOUT BROOK GETS BLOWN OUT TO THE PISTONS LOL
alley_hoop_23::HOLY SMOKES THE NETS
hughesn2::Hey Nets fans, do you remember when you guys kept going crazy believing that you guys were getting John Wall. You guys thought you would be great, but then you ended up getting pick #4 and you ended up trading him during his rookie year to get a PG who now wants a trade. Life sucks!
hughesn2::I would ask for a trade. But he hasn't re-signed yet so actually I am nearly correct. If Dwight wanted to stay in Orlando he would have already signed a deal. But Derron has no intentions of signing that deal yet.
thekola::You're not close to correct. not resigning does not mean you want a trade.
thekola::Deron Williams does not want to be traded. Never said it. Get a clue.
markos kolioulis::its gonna take more then D12 to make your joke of a team relevant
hughesn2::The Nets are NOT getting Dwight Howard. You don't get a ring for coming in 8th place in the East...at best.
thekola::Jeremy Lin is a GREAT PG now, LOL. OK, bro. You've pretty much shown your basketball IQ.
markos kolioulis::well enjoy being a 6th seed at best the knicks are better now that they have a great point guard, bulls will continue to dominate as well as the heat, and philly and indiana as well so get in line losers
thekola::call him what you want but he's the best Center the NBA and he wants to play for the nets so i'm happy.
markos kolioulis::hes an idiot for wanting to go to the nets
thekola::in what sense cant they afford him? They have more than enoguh cap space and they have the pieces if needed. And he comes out and sayd he wants to be there so they dont have to empty the cupboard for him. Other teams would have to be dumb to trade for a guy when the team isnt ont heir long term list. seems pretty simple to me but like i said, maybe you can read everyone's mind.
markos kolioulis::oh i know just with that team it makes you savor how great the bulls could be with boozer, deng, rose, and howard
hughesn2::Yeah, but they can't afford him. The problem about trading for a player like Dwight is that Orlando will want too much and I think the Bulls are too good of a team to have their 1st round picks play a role in the trade. Who wants two 28th to 30th pick in the 1st round and Joakim Noah and someone else for DH-12???? I don't know if they would want Boozer b/c of his price tag
thekola::Well, D12 says he wants to play for the Nets for whatever reason. But, you're psychic so I guess I'll take your opinion as fact
markos kolioulis::dwight doesnt want to win if he did the bulls would be the only team on his wishlist
KillerPancakeX::^ Lawl.
a_tizzy::lol, he's still mad tho
markos kolioulis::im a bulls fan moron
drftw42134::Are you $@%!$@% kidding me? And you think that your $@%!$@ pistons are going to get D12? Your a joke
hughesn2::You mad bro?
Paul Revere and The Raiders::Which coach has gotten more lucky with his talent? Avery Johnson or Mike Brown?  One of em is gonna get lucky again and get Howard
drftw42134::Detroit fans now think that they are good that they beat the Nets but then get blown out by the bulls
bamberg1977::We know we'll get blown out. We think we could have a very good foundation to a good team. We dont think we're good.
hughesn2::No, but we know that at least we are not losing on purpose.
KillerPancakeX::Yeah you're right. Anyone can beat the terrible Nets.
DetKoolAid::ok
Albert_Hits_Homeruns::Remeber when the announcers were all over Austin Daye, hahahha yea good times
swami30::16 pts in 6 min for over its a lock
Det-Matt::Even Ben Wallace is getting some points, this is going to be a decent season.
hughesn2::100000000!
hughesn2::100
hughesn2::About to break 100 for the first time in regulation and second overall.
AdAllDay87::Finally 100 pts in regulation lol
KillerPancakeX::And there's the first century for the Pistons!
KillerPancakeX::Actually, it's the first time in regulation this season.
WoodwardAvenueDetroit::2nd.
DetKoolAid::damn pistons are clowning them now
Jimdetroitfan94::Hey koolaid. Nice job Pistons.
swami30::wow over is gonna hit but a complete piece of shi t fucin vegas fix
DetKoolAid::i laugh at the young guys who think they can still challenge ben wallace
footbawll::haha the nets are terrible....its hard to remember how good they were in the beginning of this millennium.
a_tizzy::the teams that went to the finals from the east were basically getting swept
a_tizzy::in a very weak eastern conference till about... 2004!
markos kolioulis::hahahaha the bulls and heat could beat any team in the west
footbawll::how is that not taking away from them haha?...plus the west is better now as well...whats your point?
a_tizzy::well I wasn't trying to take away from them as much as point out the power in the NBA was in the western conference in that era
footbawll::haha i dont know much about basketball but if your trying to take away from the nets when they had kidd, carter and jefferson, your just a moron haha
bob_ran4::15 points, 18 points, 31 points. wtf nets?
Thesith36::BLOWOUT !!!
DetKoolAid::im liking BG coming off the bench
dolik2::We need to continue winning! It will only give the team confidence, and it seems that Frank is a great coach  Monroe and Knight are a great nucleus to build around  Im guessing a #5 Pick in the Draft   I would pick Thomas Robinson, guys the real deal
bamberg1977::Unfortunately I'd lable Monroe just 'nice' player. Very nice, but a big mans true value is their ability to defend. Monroe gets bonus pts because he's going to be a 20-10 guy you can actually run O through because he can pass. I really like him, he needs help on the front line from another star caliber player though.
dolik2::@bamberg... Thats what they said about Monroe, look how he turned out!
a_tizzy::i wasn't all in for Frank when they were deciding on who the coach should be before the lockout, but man is it better than having a born loser like Curry or Kuester
bamberg1977::Other guys are just 'nice' players, we have a bunch of those.
dolik2::I agree, he has gotten the most out of a team no one really expected a lot out of so far
DetKoolAid::stuckey and jerebko are tough strong young players locked in for the next 4 years and still young.   I think with frank at the helm he may be able to salvage what stuckey didnt get with the previous incompetent coaches he has had. he needed someone to teach him the game like billups needed larry brown
DetKoolAid::with the way stuckey and jerebko are playing you cant leave them out either
bamberg1977::Austin Daye could even be a good player down the line. I think he just needs to get his head on straight.
bamberg1977::I believe A. Davis will win DPOY 5 times. The guy is a franchise changer. No one else like that. His hands and length and instincts on D, not to mention range. Just once in a lifetime defender.
dolik2::I agree, but there is no way that we get the #1 pick right at this moment without a wacky Lottery.   Frank has these guys playing well. At the #5-7, wouldnt Thomas Robinson be a great get?   Robinson, Knight, and Monroe would be a great lineup
DetKoolAid::agreed! we need to trade ben gordon and cash for a high lottery pick just in case we dont get one of the top 2 picks
detroitdave3::WTF! Stop winning!
KillerPancakeX::Every Nets fan on this board.
bamberg1977::Pistons are starting to turn the corner. Problem is A. Davis by himself would put Pistons back in Championship race in 2 years and we're losing ground on getting him.
jewlz2381::You never know how the lottery will turn out.
KillerPancakeX::Come on Pistons, let's put the final nail in this coffin for the Nets and make it a solid 4 game winning streak,
a_tizzy::i kinda wanna see some vernon macklin before 20 seconds left in the game
DetKoolAid::the nets with only dhoward and dwill would be just like the magic who has talent their as well like ryan anderson, jason richardson jameer nelson ....  I dont know if you want to sell your young talent for dhoward if it wont make you a championship caliber team. think about the money dwill and dhoward will demand and what you will have to give up to get it done  but it sucks because in order to keep dwill you have to sell your soul for dhoward
thekola::The nets frankly ont need to give up much to get him because if orlando doesnt trade him they lose him anyway and then the nets can just sign him in the offseason
thekola::What are the lakers gonna give up to get Howard? Bulls not on his list. They empty the cupboard for him they lose him in the offseason anyway
DetKoolAid::yeah but lakers and bulls will sell out to get dhoward, and besides i think with the money that would go to dhoward the nets could get a lot more through the draft and free agency  look at orlando and how they are not and have not been a championship contender ever since dhoward has been there. you think he would really make the nets a contender?
phil2357::the Nets are so bad that it wouldn't even be any fun to mock them.....so I won't....:)
drftw42134::Wow can we come back? down 23 points
Detroits Biggest Fan::nets may suck, but what if they end up getting howard? they won't because they have no pieces to trade but.
hughesn2::WHY in the world would Howard go there???? I think this game just shows that he crossed the Nets off his list. He wants to win a ring. You don't get jewelry for coming in 8th place in the East. If they trade for Howard (bc I know Orlando will trade him at the deadline, he is worth too much to not get anything for him!) they will have to trade a couple 1st round picks, Lopez, and Brooks or Morrow. And then D-Will will ask for more help b/c you can't win the East with two 5star players surrounded by 13 2star players
thekola::You're psychic now and know who Howard crossed off his list? anyway, Nets arent dumb, they have the leverage of knowing that he wants to sign with them so they dont have to empty the cupboard. Any other team trades for him and they lose him anyway.
thekola::nets have lopez, Marshon brooks, high draft pick and they are willing to absorb Hedo and Chris duhon contracts, which pretty much no other team has the cap space to take in
darktraderchin::well no so much a miracle since i got the miracle 3rd qtr scoring lol
drftw42134::Brooks is bringing us back?
darktraderchin::i need a miracle 4th qtr for the over
a_tizzy::oh yeah, atlanta. they shoulda won that game in regulation
WoodwardAvenueDetroit::Pistons already reached 100 in that OT game they lost.
darktraderchin::if not im never touching a bet with pistons on it again lol
a_tizzy::will pistons reach century mark for the first time this season?
jewlz2381::I don't know why people are suprised at this. Pistons are a talented young team that needed some time to get some chemistry together. We also had the 2nd hardest schedule in the NBA for the first third of the season. Expect better things from Detroit!
