Soonerhopeful1::Cousins would fit well into   6ers uniform..!
KobeRoleModel::Froze!?
chicagoinalaska::the 72ers...lol!
IversonDaGreatest3::I lost all respect for Chris Paul smh,How many days does it take to review a flopping play?
ltozzi81::Iverson used to flop all the time.
clutchballa06::based on one play?
Ivanov21::What flopping play?  - David Stern
Silverio60::I want that I want Great back and forth pee yourself sometimes old school Basketball..............NBA &gt; NFL
Silverio60::No Denver fan that would be a Great Series.
REDUCE523::The Clips better get themselves together if they want to make noise because if they get 5th and have to play denver its an early exit.
Vega_2012::Not even over 500 comments? Where's the fans at?
Little Bo Peep IV::Wow what a game... Spencer Hawes in the best player on the 76ers.. and that says a lot
How about a Courtesy Flush::Im off to WaWa....I need some comfort food after that sorry showing
How about a Courtesy Flush::Im off to WaWa....I need some comfort food after that sorry showing
gt1master_ike::Good to see Cliff wasn't playing tonight.
How about a Courtesy Flush::6 road wins for the Sixers, thats just turrrrrble
supremekid912::(Charles Barkley voice)
supremekid912::Lol at that Chris Paul flop against the Kings
phillyman08::How can you not put this smile in the game? http://gyazo.com/7adad9fd124242ee15ef1151f1b01c92
Soonerhopeful1::6ers    just gave up in the second half...!  Good win though for Clippers...Well done Clippers.
ThatDude1081::Philadelphia should be embarrassed to have the 76ers as their basketball team
supremekid912::Bynum has more hairstyles, than games played this year...
ballerbooboo::lol under 2h....
Little Bo Peep IV::Kwame "best 12th man of the year" Brown
Jack Mitchell24::over/under 40 point win for the Nuggets tomorrow?
phillyman08::116-84 haha
Little Bo Peep IV::Anyone for a game of Brick Brick Goose?  - the 76ers
jmkerney09::come on under
xhollywood07x::Cheers on the under!   $@%! was close
Igolynkin::under takes it!
How about a Courtesy Flush::nooooooooooooooooooo
phillyman08::Everybody is getting their garbage time minutes....except poor Kwame Brown :(
the.city.::even jamal crawford
Vega_2012::lololol
Jmac4539::Bynum back to the Lakers next season
ALEXANDER 92::No thank you.
_Im not gay my boyfriend is::i dont get why khloe get so much crap. shes not ugly she just has 2 very attractive sisters that are better looking. i would do khloe in a heartbeat. nice big a.ss and rack. her face doesnt completely suck
ALEXANDER 92::You forgot to mention Khloe's attractive after a few drinks. She is what is called a "Slump Buster." Lamar Odom takes a "L" along with Kanye West for claiming $@%!$@.
How about a Courtesy Flush::Khloe isnt a bad consolation....plus, she looks like she "gets rid of the evidence" if you know what I mean lol
_Im not gay my boyfriend is::pornhub is my homepage
How about a Courtesy Flush::....Im off to the Hub ;-P
A can of corn::Yes sir, I bet she could take a gallon of nut butter in one swallow.
A can of corn::And she makes bomb food.   Look at Odom last year, that dude enjoyed <i>all</i> the goods
Vega_2012::So do yall think Bynum will be back next season?
How about a Courtesy Flush::as long as he isnt in a Sixers uniform, could care less....he made an a$$ out of the Sixers and their fans. Awesome lookin dog btw
How about a Courtesy Flush::hope he never plays again...no team deserves his BS
Vega_2012::Thanks :) There are reports that my Rockets are going to offer a contract to bynum if we cant sign Howard in the offseason... I seriously hope we don't get bynum, to much of a risk in my opinion.
phillyman08::hell no. I have a feeling Sixers are going to go after Al Jefferson
How about a Courtesy Flush::I just felt happy for a second seeing Big Al in a Sixers uni
txbball21::i like turtles
phillyman08::PUT IN KWAME DOUG!!!! PLEASE THIS CANT GET ANY WORSE
imissibanez::yeah,who keps a 1 pick center on bench
How about a Courtesy Flush::thank God for Dr.J, Moses and the Boston Strangler Andrew Toney....otherwise the Sixers are just another joke like all the other franchises who aint won diddly poo
imissibanez::clips 2nd team is better than 6ers starters''sad
How about a Courtesy Flush:::-(
_Im not gay my boyfriend is::put khloe in
j hartmann91::Now entering the game for the Sixers, Andrew Bynum's hair
BostonFan0702:::-D
Kadhirseenthe2bests::lol
phils win phils win::wow terrible game for Jrue...at least Spencer is doing well
Kadhirseenthe2bests::clippers girls are sexier than lakers girls
the.city.::a nick young appearance
jmkerney09::i didnt even notice that 76ers are losing by over 20 pts LOL
How about a Courtesy Flush::damn Sixers....couldnt bring the over in....thx
hoofhearted30::bring forth the scrubs......'who let the scrubs out...'
_Im not gay my boyfriend is::i thought the scrubs started the game for the sixers?
jmkerney09::this game will be under hahahahha thnx to 76ers
How about a Courtesy Flush::boooooo
xhollywood07x::I hope you are right good sir
xhollywood07x::2nd half over under is prob gonna be soooo close
ballerbooboo::2h under might be in trouble too lol
v23a28@yahoo.com::Do Sixer fan's want the bowler back next year ?
phillyman08::yeah we do! It's pretty cool to have the highest paid bowler in history :D
phillyman08::Go home Sixers. You're drunk
_Im not gay my boyfriend is::just ordered my andrew bynum sixers jersey
jmkerney09::quit scoring 76ers
cberg030::lavoy's a total bum
RunningRebs13::LOL sixers are so good
jmkerney09::i have a feeling that 76ers will $@%! up the over LOL
Kadhirseenthe2bests::i wanna hear a Biiingo!
gt1master_ike::Clippers look much better without Chauncey.
