random NBA lover::oh yeahhhhhhhh
paulleena64::Lost an hours comments.
Jirk_Nowitzki::Being a MFFL is frustrating right now
cajohnson402::Yes
BoBulus0::Love seeing Dirk able to get grab 20 boards.
Bucks.fan.for.real::Monta Ellis clutch.
lsiberian::Looks like it's back to the bottom for the Mavs now, but they do get a lottery pick unlike the lakers.
rondo2KG::I feel your pain Mav's fans.  As a Celtics fan, we know these pesky Bucks all too well.  They are shockingly deep especially now with Reddick.  They are an underrated team.
braves42555::are the players still growing their beards?  weren't gonna stop until .500, right?
MarkVerma::Yes
paxnom::End this Mike James experiment - play Beaubois.  Carlisle has sadly undermined Beaubois' confidence - he could be electric if he didn't play with fear of the hook.  James is simply not an NBA caliber player.  What is their thinking here?  Absolutely ridiculous.  James can't play at all at this level.  Turn Beaubois loose and save your season right now.
SkinsCapsOsMavsTerps::Beaubois is the savior of this season????
solidla::poor mavs
scottkarl::disheartening L... but in 2k its to hard to stop Dirk especially his fadaway! Best shot in the NBA
pogi_mavs::trade collison and carter for sessions or thortorn...
basket_guru::Carter just had a bad bad day, but he is better than sessions and thornton together.
Dirk2XMVP::MFFL but this year sucks
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Mavs have made the playoffs 12 years in a row since 2000  Mavs have had 11 50+ win seasons since 2000  Mavs have been to the NBA finals in 2006 and 2011    I can take 1 bad year. Time to get the best lottery pick possible and the Mavs still have cap + best owner in the NBA in Cuban. Mavs will be back by next year competing for a NBA Title. Go Mavs!
dj_kelo05::you're singing a different tune now lol
basket_guru::this loss just break my hope, that Mavs still can reach the palyoffs. loss at home against struggling Bucks??? just wow... how can it be?
Igevalt::HEY CUBAN DO EVERYONE A FAVOR AND SELL THE TEAM. JUST BECAUSE YOU ARE CONSIDERED A "GOOD" OWNER, IT DOESN'T MEAN WE CAN'T DO BETTER. AND LET US GET ONE THING STRAIGHT. WE WENT TO 12 CONSECUTIVE PLAYOFFS BECAUSE OF....DIRK!!  AND IF NOT FOR DON NELSON WE WOULDN'T HAVE DIRK. SO ALL YOU PEOPLE WHO THINK IT IS BECAUSE OF CUBAN THINK AGAIN.  DIRK IS THE MAVERICKS. NOT CUBAN.
lsiberian::dumb fans will be dumb. You get a lottery pick for this season. Think about that.
LilDwayne21::Maybe Milwaukee should make a run at the #6 or #7 seed. They don't want to face Miami in the first round of the Playoffs in a four game series. Trust me. They're not ready!
LilDwayne21::I don't think Milwaukee can beat Miami in a first round matchup.  They better get some more wins and try to draw a new opponent in the first round.
LilDwayne21::According to recent Playoff studies that I've seen, if the Playoffs started today the Bucks would have to face Miami in the first round. That's bad for Milwaukee I've got to say.
Igevalt::I have been a Mavericks fan since my first live game in 1988 at the old reunion arena. I suffered through the Ross Perot Jr. days. I was even there the night they attempted to honor Ross Perot Jr. one night in 2002 and we booed the crap out of him. But  I never thought i would EVER dislike the Mavericks as an organization. But I am honored to say that I am a DIRK fan NOT a Mavs fan. What Cuban did to this team is unforgivable. And the opinion of other "Maverick Fans" will never change the fact that Cuban screwed this franchise.
lsiberian::So you are a fairweather fan who doesn't understand the Mavs have no chance at a title. Even if the'd kept the team they'd have no chance.
TheNewMavs::You're dumb.
thel1195::What the hell happened to VC?  0 for 8 from the field, 0 for 4 from beyond the arc?  What?  That's got to be a misprint
thebuescherman::have you watched vince carter over the past 5 years?  that's a good game for him.
SkinsCapsOsMavsTerps::TheNewMavs - Have you watched VC at all this year?  He's been vintage.  Dude had one bad game omg cry about it.  He's not vintage.  He has changed his game to be a force off the bench.  Just because he had a couple dunks this year does not mean he is vintage Carter.  Still a great asset coming off the bench, though.
TheNewMavs::Have you watched VC at all this year?  He's been vintage.  Dude had one bad game omg cry about it.
Eg214::ill take terry over mayo any day! If hes  not playing good in boston its because he does not wana be there!
paulleena64::Jason Terry does not want to be in Boston ???
Someone Crushed my Peaches::20 Turnovers ........How funny
bamacrushesit::Dirks my favorite player and the Mavs are my team but: FIRE SALE.
d_bokk::Jennings should come off the bench
RUserious-2::The worst thing about Cuban destroying the 2011 team after winning a championship is that those players worked their butts off that year to win a championship, but now no one gives them credit for being great. He has destroyed what they worked for because now people call it a fluke.
Someone Crushed my Peaches::It was, it was a miracle
Eg214::Nice joke
RUserious-2::I told everyone in November that Cuban had screwed this team, the fans, and Dirk and no one believed me.  He made a major gamble and he lost.  We all lost. But most importantly, Dirk lost.
LakersAreGone::Shear the beards.
Boogie Down ProductionS::Sad when you get a 20/20 from Dirk and still lose.
Kevin54582::Dirk needs to demand a trade from this pathetic team.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::I just know for sure after watching today Cuban will not bring back OJ Mayo and Darren Collison. Jennings might not be signed but Monte Ellis might    Mavs can get a trio of Ellis, Andre Igoudala, and AL Jefferson. Lots of toughness. This is Plan C by the way
Swish FortyOne::Mayo will be back but I think Collison is up in the air. Mavs really need a veteran PG who can execute at the end of games.
RUserious-2::It's Cuban's fault.  He's the one who filed this team with 2nd strand players and expected them to play like real pros.  I hope he's totally embarrassed.
Grindhouse2413::Bwahahahaha 1 for 17 from three..........................
jakeprimetime::monta ellis is everyone's whipping boy lately.  he is an underrated passer and a clutch scorer.  I am glad he is a buck for at least a couple more months.  people who blog that he is simply a chucker don't actually watch the games.
d_bokk::I'd take Ellis over Jennings any day of the week, he's an impressive player with skills few guys in the league have. Give him a legit center (Larry) and a bunch of guys to spread the court (Dunleavy, Ersan and now Redick) and you'll be able to see what he's capable of doing.
jakeprimetime::i think the low shooting percentage is partially related to no interior scoring.  clock winds down, someone has to shoot.  under 5 seconds he might have a 30% field goal percentage, but that is best odds we have with the clock running down.  that being said, he has been miserable from the 3 point line.  I agree he is aggressive and overaggressive at times, but to label him simply as a chucker i think is unfair to his total game.
jakeprimetime::i agree on the bad shot selection in the brooklyn game.  ersan lost that game by not switching onto joe johnson for a wide open three at the end of regulation.   the proceeding game he made plays down the stretch.  yes, he missed the free throws but i don't really think it was nerves.  against the hawks he put us up 1 with a clutch basket driving and laying it up over josh smith to put us ahead.  and tonight he basically won the game.
packersfanfrom89::Ok.  But don't say he's not a chucker.  He's gonna set the NBA record for most 3's with the lowest percentage this year.  That's the definition of a chucker...
packersfanfrom89::...He's definitely a chucker.  Lost the first game after the break against Brooklyn for chucking terrible 3's late(not clutch)  Couldn't make free throws at the end of the game the proceeding night(not clutch) And missed the game winning shot vs Atlanta(not clutch.)
Kevin54582::Dirk can get 20 and 20 and the Mavs still lose at home...LMAO!!!!!! Cuban is a joke for crushing this team after winning a title.
RUserious-2::Many fans have been saying that for a while.
no look high five::http://www.nooooooooooooooo.com/
carlmatrix::Did you noticed when the mavs scored 99 below they were always lose, but when they scored 100 above they were tough to beat.
KswizzyD777::jennings penetration doesn't help shooters get open at all... he's too soft on the drive
ItsMattHart::You saying he needs to have harder penetration? #ThatsWhatSheSaid
lester4586::because jennings is driving to shoot all the time he only pass the ball when he has no choice he cant get his shot off
Selvin4715::looks like Dallas is almost done.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::season is over.
SPORTSGURU2001::Well thats the season time to tank for a better draft pick
lester4586::monta ellis and the bucks can finish the season on a high note if they play together like they did the last couple of games i think they can move to the 7 spot in the playoffs and possibly win a couple of games
Doodzy4::Bucks should have moved Jennings and moved Ellis to PG, Redick SG and value they would have received. Jennings too selfish a player.
will-i_am::jeez jennings for thomas robinson would have probably been a good trade, but i also hate on jennings
Cub fo life::I love the Mavs I vote for tanking the season lets get a lotto pick
LetsGoMavs 2.0::agreed. Mavs will be a better team next year. No reason to keep trying and barely get the 9th seed.
dcenate05050::bucks should sign oj mayo
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Mavs will take Monte Ellis
dcenate05050::you can have brandon jennings :O
cShOx::Mavs got lucky LeBron didn't figure himself out yet TRUST ME!!
RUserious-2::The worst thing about Cuban destroying the 2011 team after winning a championship is that those players worked their butts off that year to win a championship, but now no one gives them credit for being great.  He has destroyed what they worked for because now people call it a fluke.
joyhussain::LeBrons lucky Dwade and Chris bosh exist
LetsGoMavs 2.0::50 year old Jason Terry more clutch than OJ CHOKER MAYO  Please don't sign this CHOKER
Cub fo life::yeah we got rid of him at a good time
beebopbaloop::As a Celtics fan, I'm not so sure about that.  Terry is sucking major balls for Boston.
RUserious-2::Terry is sucking in Boston.  Kidd is sucking in NY.  Barea is barely playing in Minnesoto.  Cuban really screwed up by destroying this team.  No one is doing well but Corey Brewer in Denver.  Everyone is out of place while the Spurs stayed in place, they added a few younger players and they are still the #1 team in the NBA.  A lot can be said for good, efficient management decisions.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Some players just don't fit with some teams. Like Dwight in LA
cmichael999::No dirk for the pick and roll
Cub fo life::I am a die hard Mavs fan looks like im going to have a beard until we are 0-0
LakersAreGone::I feel for Dirk.    But as for the rest of Dallas players, fans and owner....  BWAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!
cmichael999::Who said the lakers have 4 HOF? Kobe, Nash, Howard, and......???? Gasol?? World Peace?? Seriously.... lol
ducesarewild93::Gasol is your fourth.  And yes, he will get in.
Justinkm83::D'Antoni. lol
joyhussain::btw i just named the first laker I could think of
cmichael999::i think thats the only other laker i can think of
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Gasol might get in the HOF one day
cmichael999::the same guy that got b.itchslapped by phil jackson
joyhussain::Earl Clark obviously
cmichael999::my mistake.
beebopbaloop::1 of 17 from 3ball area.   WOW.
