Adam Pilarski::Where the Lillard haters at? Man! What a shot! Ice cold. To say he isn't special...you must be blind!
Anton Estrella-Arellano::the nba is a hoax is this guy doesn't make the allstar team. he is ice cold.
Adam Pilarski::Sorry Darla...Lillard already has a better job
Quizz LeBeau::I am from Cleveland, Ohio but i fell in love with the Trailblazers when they had Sabonis, Smith, Grant, Wallace and shouldve beat the Lakers! Always had a good organization and i am happy for them even though i still blame them for ruining Brandon Roy and Greg Oden's careers! Regardless of the fact i hate bandwagoners, please people be original!
Don Layton::Both those guys had a history of injuries when they got to Portland - which is one of the criticism of the Pritch years. He went after guys who were prone to injuries...not to say that the Blazer training staff didn't make it worse.
Anton Estrella-Arellano::it isn't "bandwagoning" to admire a player's talent. tho i'm with you on those who claim to be die hard fans all of a sudden.
John Pflaum::Anton Estrella-Arellano How do you know he wasn't from the beginning?
Arsenio Jr Rabe Romero::remove drose, insert lilard for top 5 PG
Tommy Romeo::Not even close.
R.W. Zeller::Tommy Romeo I agree that drose is better, however with his paper thin injury past this allows Lillard to jump into the conversation, in my opinion. Lillard now has 3 game winners in less than a season and a half, among other clutch plays. Rose has an MVP which will always be above game winning shots when comparing players, but since Rose is injured and has essentially been out of play for a good while (not counting his few games this season) I think it's fair to start adding Lillard into the conversation for top 5 PGs in the league. If not now, he's surely on his way.
Meron Foto::I'm hoping Lillard will be as good as D-Rose scoring inside. When that happens.... Lillard will def be better than him.
Marcleen Bavogui::LILLIARD IS FREAKING CLUTCH
Sean Berniard::Lillard COLD AS ICE
Dillon Bailey::That's not that cold. I can hold ice in my hand for a long time.
Don Layton::Dillon Bailey Try sitting in it up to your neck. For an hour. I'll get back to you.
Matthan Schrock::Dillon Bailey ... pour some salt on your hand and then hold the ice... that's how cold Damian Lillard is. I heard if you spill water around him it freezes before it hits the ground.
Sandesh Banskota::please don't come to lillard and ripcity! please bandwagoners! us true blazers fan don't want our fan base to turn in laker and miami like
Ryan Lee::Been a Blazers fan for 30+ years, but I'm happy to get all the fan support we can
Ibarra Jaime::yeah i appreciate we don't hype lillard like the cavs hype irving with those stupid uncle drew commercials & silly shout outs "don't reach young blood". Let's stay weird like we always are & attract true fans not bandwagoners.
Bryan Patrick::This is the most Portland thing ever written.
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Lillard is one of those guys who can win a game by himself, special talent. The Blazers are sensational.
Brodie Wray::Aldridge...
Ryan Gladish::id still take irving over lillard. lillard stats aren't eye popping either 39 perct shooting with 5.7 assists and 20 points. Lillards supporting casts is light years ahead of the cavs which is why they have so many wins
Ibarra Jaime::Go ahead & explain harder no one cares!! Lillard>Irving
Ryan Lee::Well, CLE was better than POR last year right? The growth in Lillard's game has spread throughout the team. Making teammates better is a HUGE intangible which Lillard clearly has. I'd take Lillard over Irving everyday
Quizz LeBeau::Yeah having talent always helps assist numbers!
Ian Brennan::Haters go Ahead and Hate! Rip City Means BidNess this year so take notice!! Lillard easily Top 5 PG and LaMarcus= MVP!!!
Adam Youman::easily?? i dont know about that....there are alot of good PGs in the league. The top of the list are (in no specific order) westbrook, CP3, liillard, parker, lawson, curry, wall, rubio, holiday...could be more that im forgetting. but i wouldnt say hes EASILY top 5
George Chip Thayer::Best wishes to you but it is only mid December
Adam Youman::oh thats who i forgot. irving
Fiti Bear::he showed irving who's the Boss Lillard is the better PG For Sure
Brodie Wray::one game doesn't determine a player, buddy.
Tom Totosz::He is way better than Irving. He's a leader and Irving isn't even close to being one
Gene Williams::u joking right. The kid had the game of his life last night. Irving put up his "normal".
Jon Cole::Lillard! And I rest my case.
Dillon Bailey::What case?
Don Layton::Dillon Bailey I think the case was presented tonight. If you missed it, I'm sure you can catch highlights.
Luc Nghi Do::Good Luck Cavs fans, Kyrie is a stud. Go Blazers!
Anton Estrella-Arellano::Steph curry ranking himself the second best clutch shooter behind jordan? He's only had one game winner ever (drafted 2009), this is like damian's 4th or something and it's only his second year!
Quizz LeBeau::Steph will shoot Lillard outta the gym!
Anton Estrella-Arellano::Quizz LeBeau sure. but i'm just talking about steph' ranking himself basically as the most clutch active player.
Ryan Lee::Quizz LeBeau - For being a Cleveland based "Blazers fan", you sure do like to trash on Lillard. Our team will do just fine without you as a fan.
Tony Hartmann::The Blazers are blazing.
Tim Gourley::Portland feeds on another Eastern team.  Can we say 10-0 against the LEast?  I can!
Dillon Bailey::Congratulations.... You can pronounce a simple word.
Don Layton::Dillon Bailey He pronounced it? I thought he typed it. You DO know what "pronounced" means, right?
Matthan Schrock::Correction: 11 wins.
James Belandres::can't believe people are so dumb to have been calling lillard overrated the past month kyle irving is overrated lillard has been great for the blazers and is the perfect teammate irving has never been
Taylor Manes::But LILLARD is overrated when has Portland made the playoffs? I don't see any mvps And people have the nerve to call him top five of..and THey list him over Tony Parker wtf...Tony Parker made it to the finals last year with his team..what has Portland done...but I will say something positive he's better than kyrie irving..kyrie is a ballhogg..I bet all these college kids are praying they don't go to Cleveland...I would be praying too..
Ryan Hastings::I get giddy thinking about the Cavs having 4 picks in 2014 and potentially 6 picks in 2015.  Not likely they keep every pick, but there's a good chance by then that the entire team save for Jarret Jack and potential signings of Andy and Bynum will have been drafted in house.  Pretty crazy when you think of how many bums we traded picks for when LeBron was here.  Good moves by Chris Grant keeping the franchise flexible long term.
Trevor Scott Alexander::Cavs have a bright future with Thompson, Kyrie, and a lottery pick this year. Good luck to you guys, this draft is loaded.
Rick Voorhees::Trevor Scott Alexander Don't forget Neon Dion Waiters......The guy is a baller and can explode in any game...
Trevor Scott Alexander::Rick Voorhees True that, he exploded against us lol. What a game. Cavs played great, Blazers ended up getting it done.
Sloto Mania::I have decided to take my talents to the Northwest and play for the Blazers. -LeBron
Luke McCoy::LOL
Sean Blaser::Let's keep that undefeated record against eastern conference teams going
Tim Gourley::don't you mean Leastern Conference???
Adam Youman::Tim Gourley just keep liking your own comments it makes you seem really cool
Tim Gourley::Adam Youman I NEVER like my own comments!
Therealsean Young::Overhyped uncle drew got schooled! Lillard has ice water in his veins
Brodie Wray::overhyped really? I'd like to see anyone try to bring back the terrible Cavs from down 7 with less than what was it 2 minutes COMPLETELY SINGLE-HANDEDLY. Yes, Lillard made the last shot but if he was that good...they wouldn't have needed a buzzer beater to the beat the Cavs who have only one compettior on their team.
Adam Pilarski::Brodie Wray Hahaha love your argument...if Irving was that good he wouldn't have LOST
Glendell Watson::NBA consists of the best players in the world regardless of media hype or not every player is here for a reason NO MATTER HOW ITS DONE OR WHO COMES THROUGH lilard has continuously made the CLUTCH shot that matters don't take it away like a buzzer beater isn't the most prestige moment an NBA player can pull off in a game. COME ON MAN' lol
Mike Gallagher::His name is Damian Lillard.  He hails from Weber State in UT.  Any questions?
Christopher Anderson::PTOWN BABY!! Go Trail Blazers!
Luke McCoy::Fay Turner Good for you SPAMMER
Brodie Wray::Let's all remember where he learned that: from Kyrie last season against the Raptors except in that gmae Kyrie didn't lose a large lead in the last few minutes...  Yes, Lillard is clutch. But, Kyrie is still better. Portland, on the other hand, is wayyyyyy better than the Cavs and i think lillard fits into that system better than kyrie would but. Respect where it's due.
Conor Levis::In what world is Kyrie better than Lillard? When Kyrie actually wins ball games, then we'll talk.
Brandon Tigues::I dunno lillard was out playing kyrie for most of the game except for that last 30 seconds of the 4th when kyrie finally woke up, but other than that Lillard was dominating this game..it was more of a Lillard vs Waiters game than kyrie.
Ibarra Jaime::Lillard>Irving......keep denying it no one will believe you!!
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Someone tell Damian he is not supposed to be this good in his 2nd year. The kid can miss 10 straight shots and you wouldn't know. His confidence never wavers.
Don Baglien::Portland fan since Geoff Petrie 1970 rookie of year with Dave Cowans.  Get excited.  It does not happen that often so enjoy why we can.
Rita Baglien::Painful hearing corrections.... While we can! :)
Tom Stacy::Go Hawks!
