Gerry Turner::Every year the same thing...........losing. The Wizards are like the Washington Generals......and I'm a fan of the Wizards but something or everything HAS to change.
Steve Gardner::Even though I'm a Sixers fan.. I went over to Landover when they were the Bullets to see them play a couple times.. Chris Webber, Calbert Cheney, Jawan Howard, Googs, George Muerasan
Adrian Rodriguez::Sixers will win this game the Wizards might be worst then us...111-99 Sixers
Campbell Miller::Carter williams MVP. Rookie of the year. Finals MVP. One ring.
Dallas Rob Davis::Golden State brought Philly back to earth
Danie Lan::and michael carter williams is back to normal
David Zimmerman::Bit too early to say what normal is for him.
Melvin Hall::This is a must win game wizards lets go we playiff team this year
Josh Schwartz::Not only a run-on sentence, but you can't spell "playoff" correctly, you can't capitalize "Wizards" when it's a proper noun, you can't put an apostrophe between the 't' and the 's' in "let's", you didn't end the run-on sentence with any manner of punctuation, and you are delusional for thinking the Wizards were going to be playoff team this season. So, yeah. I'd get out of sales and marketing and head back to school. Good luck!
Kevin Reeves::You're from Montana, you shouldn't criticize anyone. Also most NBA experts projected the Wizards to make the playoffs as a 7 or 8 seed, so go back under your rock or whatever it is you call a home in Missoula...
Matt Dunn::Sixers will win by 9
Nich Obert::Don't be too sure about Beal being joking when he said Wall might keep bombing 3s.  D-Rose only took 132 through 2 seasons (0.8 per game) and shot 24% on them.   In year 3 he started taking just under 5 a game and hitting a better but non-sparkling 33%, year 4 he took 4.4 a game at 31%  His midrange numbers fell off a cliff, but having a PG who can get to the rim at will AND hit shooters with the ball right as they're getting to their sweet spots AND be green lit to bomb from deep is a really hard combination to guard with today's defensive rules. Rose's efficiency skyrocketed since it opened up the offense so much more than shooting 50% on midrange Js for the same points per shot would. Wall shot 30% his rookie year, the one time he was tasked with using his 3 Point shot as an actual part of the offense. His 2nd year when he on...ly hit 3, they seemed to be almost all desperation shots due to clock (plus some I'll advised heat checks, of course)  Walls mechanics have made some serious progress. I'm curious to see how many treys he shoots this year. Even if he's down around 30% I think it pushes the teams offense towards respectability. Nene, Gortat, Beal, Ariza and Webster are all guys who can make teams pay dearly for disregarding them. If they can get anything out of Porter, Glen Rice JR or Al Harrington, I think they crack top 10 offenses this season.  Allll that said. Their defensive identity from last year is nowhere to be seen.they won't be a top 5 defense again, probably not even top 15. And 10th best offense + 20th best defense is dicey, they may be better off finding a way to tank into the top 6-7 of the lottery.See More
Mark Riggs::Wall should have officially been credited with 10 assists I found an assist that John Wall was not credited for in the ESPN/NBA box score/play-by-play. Instead they credited Marcin Gortat for the assist…  At approx 3:35 left in the 3rd period, John Wall brought the ball up the right side of the court. Gortat came up to set a pick for John, while Gortat’s man hedged the play. Hawes, who was playing off Harrington, moved another step towards the middle – and John, instead of using the pick whipped the pass to an open Harrington at the top of the key. Gortat rolled to the basket. Harrington drained the 3-point shot and, after the shot left Harrington’s hand, LaVoy Allen shoved Gortat to the ground resulting in a foul call. The resulting Free Throw by Gortat gave the Wizards a 4-point play… but John Wall was not credited for the assist… Instead, in both the NBA play-by-play and ESPN play-by-play, Gortat was credited for the assist (even though he never touched the ball on the play in question)…  John Wall did not have 9 assists in the game last night as chronicled by both ESPN and NBA.com – he had 10 ASSISTS !!!
Joseph Scowcroft::i believe you boss...really
Phatbastard Mc Byrdriders::76ers are soft we looked like we were a young team to be wrecking with but we have to find our self  we need Noah to come in give US a big man presence should be blow the wizards out
Augustus Johnston::I'm surprised that Washington was a 2.5 point favorite.  I still thknk Philadelphia makes a run, and ends up winning.
Joshua Levine::Well, I have Philly +2.5 so I hope you're right.
Nich Obert::I'm not, Vegas isn't as seduced by 3 early season games as everyone else.
Demarco Lewis::When Michael Carter-Williams learns his shot selection better he is going to be a beast......
Brent B Jacoby::hmm...you mean when he learns how to shoot?
Nich Obert::He's shooting 37.5% on 6 treys a game. If he kept that up all year it would be one of the best high volume 3pt shooting seasons from a rookie ever. Philly has the right idea to let him get comfy taking and making these shots in this year when their optimal outcome is "worst record in the NBA" - Walls shooting got seriously hamstrung by his coaches telling him to stop shooting 3s before year2. Some things can be great in practice but need to be used at full speed in front of a crowd to really progress
Demarco Lewis::I think by middle of season he gone really be on point.
Matt Pickham::can anyone tell me why 76ers are outsiders for this game?
Curtis Foy::Finally now we can get back to tanking the season for Wiggins.
Dallas Rob Davis::Vegas certainly seemed to have gotten it right so far!
Antonio Robinson::Same old sixers lost my money betting on these scrubs
Jazmine Ortiz::really would love to see john wall on a good team
Zach Batizy::Only 78 more wins in a row to get to 79-3!
Natasha Jones::The wizards so y'all r tanking
Demarco Lewis::Its early give them about 20 games than judge them. Also their top pick has not played yet.
Nich Obert::And he isn't going to play because Martell Webster and Trevor Ariza are firmly entrenched in the SF minutes. Porter didn't show anything suggesting he'd even beat out Chris Singleton or Glwn Rice JR for 3rd string minutes if somebody got hurt.
Jason Benzinger::I show the Wiz -3, why is that?
Melvin Hall::My Wizards got this win
Nard Man::Thats what i noticed to.
Melvin Hall::Lets go Wiz
Melvin Hall::Blow out
Len Weinstein::1st win
