KingchristopherII::m
KingchristopherII::m
KingchristopherII::hjj
KingchristopherII::yhjkyy
Derek_Jeter007::The Knicks are going to Pummel any team they play into the ground!!  Stomp on them, beat them up.  Big Tyson is going to roam the paint, Amare is going to play great "help" D and swat balls away, Carmello is going to be a force on the block, JR is a knock down 3 point shooter and is long and quick in transition.  Jeremy Lin is the only thing that worries me against physical teams, but the kid works his tail off and is clutch in the 4th.  Get ready for NY Knick nation to take over the world!!!
tbucky34::Now I know you're trolling "Derek".
crichtonu::What about Woodson?
Derek_Jeter007::Thank you Boston!!
JB_Smoove_Chillin_Hard::Rajon Rondo is just a real pimp
sportsguy3337::now the true test will be if we can perform in the second game of a back to back tonight at Philly
Syrindge::I know I’m in the minority but the Celtics can win it all this year. KG hasn’t looked this good in 3 years and we are on the verge of seeing an epic playoff run by Rondo. Who wants to be part of the majority anyway, bunch of unoriginal stiffs!!!
knowledgeable_sam07ny::The celtics cant rebound and have trouble with athletic teams that is why either Chicago or Miami will win it all this year .. I can see the celtics winning 1 or 2 games in a 7 game series against Miami and Chicago and that is about it
crichtonu::I've been a minority my whole life.  Why stop now?  C's FTW!!
Dwayne_Johnson23::Looks like the Celtics weren't too old to win this game.  Bucks fans are nice and quiet today
tbucky34::Awesome. Now the Cs will get eliminated by the Bulls/Heat.  Hooray.
krabs14 does Not Quit::m
losdog1118::Bucks will get in the playoffs...they will have nights they are one and off shooting, but probably more on than off..Plus knicks will probably end up winning the east...alot of b ball left and six games is not hard to overcome...seeds 4-8 are in flux...
Derek_Jeter007::Bucks are overrated.  Now they have Monte, I see them giving up way too many points.  You can't give up a 100 to a Boston team that is older than dirt at home.  Sorry I don't see the Deer making any noise, you have false hope.
tbucky34::The Bucks offense was the reason they lost. Ellis couldn't hit the broad side of a barn, last night.
Dwayne_Johnson23::C's!
Morattis::jennings 2 assists?come on man...
Derek_Jeter007::He is a ball hog, him and Monte are going to be a terrible combination!  Just watch, you now are the warriors in Deer uniforms.
celticfan9262::WAY TO GO PIERCE,LOVE YA.
CandySparker::Paul Lotta Love!
Dwayne_Johnson23::SHUTUP YOU
iamknicks718::hello buck fans i am here to let you know you will not make the playoffs better luck next year  -your friend iamknicks   bye  hehe
Luke Theodore Walton::dear Iamknicks Mike Bibby does not know how to use the bench properly for $6 million a year I would gladly show him and the rest of your players.  P.S.  Why not you already spent 3 Lottery Picks and millions on Curry.
badger972::Gerg's 5 blocks, 4 steals, 3 assists, and 4 rebounds(inc. 2 off. reb) from the bench changed the game. He is an unsung hero.
ididnotairballijustmisstheshot::Football in New Orleans starts early for Jason Smith.Opinion? Should Jason Smith get suspended? Crowded reaction?   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oonNNw_GeTo
Sports junkie of chicago::There is a real fight in the bottom of the east...I think its going be 7th seed Boston...8th seed New York...and Milwaukee sitting on the outside
ryanthealmightyjewiscomingforyou::lol no conversation has hit 3000 tonight all yall teams is weak thunder, bulls finals preview april 1st turn on yo t.v.s mofos ya feel me keep it solid tho!
New_York_For_The_Win::Knicks are not playing so these boards won't get to 5000 comments
ynot1825::stay in school and off your sister.
Xnmt::Hahaha. Is your tour coming to my area?
naahb::casey mack fully predicted linsanity. he basically explained everything that happened in linsanity, and predicted it in 2010!!! http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/2012/03/casey-mack-man-who-completely-predicted.html he's litterally a genious
AaronB1991::NOOOO!!!!!!!!!!
New_York_For_The_Win::Knicks will end up winning the division
freebird1963::Gotta love with them NYer's on crack with a computer and internet access.
1PKr::You must have been born in the year 1963. See, a lot of these posters are posting off pure hope and enthusiasm, energy you probably lost 20 years ago. Sorry, old man.
Sports junkie of chicago::The knicks need a real defense of test
New_York_For_The_Win::What are you talking about? The 76ers have  great D and the Knicks beat them on the road
falseprophet2012::nope, Celtics have a better shot as of right now.
New_York_For_The_Win::Right now yes, But Celtics are OLD and washed, so they will fall apart 76ers are bleeding, they are already falling apart So  Knicks will eventually end up winning the devision
CalaisYaY::half game behind the sixers winning the division is the only hope the c's have of making it past the 1st round
Robert156877::They are tied in the loss column, which is all that matters.  Tonight is a must win for the Celtics.  If they lose tonight, the Sixers own the tie-breaker.
22Young Money::LETS GO HEAT!!!!!!!
ididnotairballijustmisstheshot::perkin hard foul on blake griffin....retaliationnn for the DUNK??  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fc5ct27KJB8
thetruthcometh::Griffin kind of just fell over.  Ive seen angry Perk, and that was more restrained for him. http://celticsrecap.com
Packers3821::Good win by Boston, but I still think Milwaukee will get the 8 seed, beating out the knicks. They're 6-1 since the trade, and New York hasn't made any changes, so in my opinion, they'll end up getting the 8 seed. What do you guys think?
marat75::Knicks still need to prove themselves against tougher teams. Bobcats for example.
doggbrown1::5 game win streak? and a easy game against toronto? How did they not make changes?
doggbrown1::lol, new york won't be the 8th seed, you're right. they'll be the the 5th or 6th seed.
albertofujimori::I think teams need to put out a bounty on Paul Pierce...hurt him a little bit...
Carlson56::flagged
thetruthcometh::Big win.  I think Pierce, for whatever reason, gets up for Bucks games.  http://celticsrecap.com
albertofujimori::Well, it looks like da Knicks' gonna be da one to eliminate the Celts from the playoff...
OzzyRomo::Is that a joke lol
falseprophet2012::lol
Milwaukee_Bucks1234::Everybody played a bad game after that road trip
sejope88::After 20+ years of marriage, MJ divorced his wife for a chick pregnant with a 3rd man's kid, yet we bash Luke  MJ was a ball hog, as evidenced by his stellar points. Yet, we bash Luke   MJ never won it without Pippen or Phil, yet we bash Luke  Luke won his first ring at 28, MJ at 29, and LeBron doesn't have one at all, yet we bash Luke   Wade left in a wheelchair for a shoulder injury; Luke was not in the all-star game yet we bash Luke  The rape charge was dropped because the lady didn’t have ANY evidence, yet we bash Luke   LeBron only has 4 game winning playoff shots in his life (none of which won a series, or championship) yet we bash Luke  LeBron’s highest game score was 56 in a loss, Luke's was 25 in a win, yet we bash Luke   Michael Jordan, undisputed best player in HISTORY, said Luke was 2nd to him alone, yet we bash Luke  Explain this mystery?
NBA_refs_are_weak::the part I simply cant understand, is why luke is the walton that gets so much attention. like people, have you ever heard bill walton broadcast a game? its pure, 100% entertainment. I could listen to that man make the absolute most ridiculous metaphor's about life and basketball that you'd ever hear all day long. hes the man. his son? who cares! ITS ALL ABOUT BILL BABY
marat75::I am you fatheeeeeeeeeeeeeer, Luke.
DaFranchize11::who is luke?
Dr Killapatient::The Rapper "Luke"?
Dr Killapatient::Luke Skywalker?
princechristopherII::all thoose players suck
princechristopherII::no bucks fans
Dr Killapatient::$@%!$ Hungry Hungry Hippo's... Die
rtrevino27::hopefully boston can avoid the 7 or 8 seed
JB_Smoove_DreBeats_Celtics_YOLO::I see a 4th seed in the near future
JB_Smoove_DreBeats_Celtics_YOLO::Man, Bucks fans still claiming Celtics suck after we just put an end to that baby win streak. Talk about pure hate. Celtics own the Bucks. NEXT!
mannyblunts24::ediots?
OzzyRomo::Celtic pride....its funny how some ediots come in  here and try to analyze basketball like they know wtf their talking about lol.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Wow bucks suck too. Nothing to celebrate about.
falseprophet2012::A sucky team that beats a better team? wow, scarecrow, you are rich. Check the standings, since you seem to know the "facts" so well.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Well I guess a sucky team who beats a better team is something to be happy about.
JB_Smoove_DreBeats_Celtics_YOLO::This isnt a celebration. I called this win already. ON TO THE NEXT
TMZ sportsite::bucks actually played pretty good is just that the celtics will go on long streches where they wouldnt miss at all
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Celtics suck.
falseprophet2012::kiss the rings f.aggot!!!!
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Not a diss. Just stating fact.
falseprophet2012::still all hell of a lot better than "Celtics suck". About as original as Pam Anderson's t.its
JB_Smoove_DreBeats_Celtics_YOLO::this isnt a comeback at all. Troll on hater
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::that comeback is as old as them.
JB_Smoove_DreBeats_Celtics_YOLO::Go Celtics!!! Bucks cant hang with the big boys!!!
Bhintage::No matter win or lose,  Boston trolls still suck.
OzzyRomo::Give it up for the Boston Celtics....The 76ers are done for their sucking it right now.
Milwaukee_Bucks1234::It's ok Bucks fans.  Celtics and Knicks have the tougher part of their schedule coming up and Bucks already got done with their toughest part of the season.  Playoffs this year!
The Paul Pierce::As far as I'm concerned the Celtics have proven they can hang with the tough teams.
freakynickell::Lol think thats going to help the Bucks?
Simply__Amazing::Bucks have a dope logo
Szeklinski::Bulls vs Thunder @ 1pm April 1 on ABC!
Simply__Amazing::C's
Bhintage::Gooden sucked it up big-time.   When he sucks he sucks really really bad.
Sportsfanatic621::hi
ACandOJ::Its good to see that Baahston still has an NBA team....
Milwaukee_Bucks1234::Brandon Jennings terrible game
