Justin Taslak::in his short stint as a starter Koufos has rebounded better than Gasol has at any point in his career. He's been better as a shot blocker as well. It's about time to question that DPOY award last year...there were many more deserving candidates
Jetpilot Jones::way better
Bronya Vogel::It's nothing new that the DAY went the wrong player last year. Anyone with a brain that works right sees that. Gasol should have been between the 5-10 spot on  that list. But one thing I have learned is that the NBA does give it's awards to the player that should but to the popular guy at that time. That's why the awards have become a joke and players are not trying to get them or even care if they do. The players know the awards have become a joke and have no credibility anymore.
Chase Ennis::Go Grizzlies! Anybody know the status of Tony Allen and/or Ed Davis?
Jody Hbk Jracula::They are both questionable. Ill take Magics if they are out.
Hunter McCormick::both out.
Chase Ennis::That's just great. Heard about Pondexter too. How did he fracture his foot?? Man we are so banged up its ridiculous.
Kenneth Giggers::This year grizzlies is different from last year . With out Gasol the grizzlies title hopes is put on hold but we need to start Jerryd bayless and move T.A to the 3 and that could bring in a lot of back court help and increase the offense - follow me on Instagram : _kenny22
Bronya Vogel::They title hopes where small even with a healthy team. They are not better then the elite teams, like OKC, Miami, Indiana,  heck even the Spurs. Heck  most would pick G'S and the Clips over the grizzly. Grizzly made to the WCF last season because of injuries to OKC and Clips. Saying other wise is just a bias opinion and nothing more.
Mario ThirdWall Moore::Hey Kenneth, Dr-Oz has these brand new berry drops that made me lose soo much weight in a few weeks. Im very surprised at how well this worked. You should check it out I got it from this site. Type-in this site with no spaces --> www .RaspTea. com
Eliot Schickler::What business did Bayless have hitting a 3 when it was over and for Memphis to block a shot at the end! If I gave the 8.5, he would have settled for a 2 or the Grizzlies would have let Orlando score at the end! This is not fair!
Graham Horobetz::This game is blacked out in your viewing area. Well, this is quite the conundrum. I'm watching the game on vipbox for anyone having trouble getting the game.
Barbara Komendat::Why are guys throwing up desperation shots from all over the place when Nicholson shot 66%?
Ron Schaffer::Can't believe the Grizzlies are under 500. It's early but they need to turn it around soon.
Jetpilot Jones::yeah we could pull a Nuggets 2013, they were 11-12, ended up 57-
Shanny Salcedo::The Grizzlies are banged up with injuries....we already lost Pondexter for the season which is gonna hurt our perimeter shooting
Roberto Figueroa::Add a comment...anybody knows if vucevic is playing?
Mossyrock Track::I have the same question
Lorenz Haubrich::he is out  http://www.rotowire.com/basketball/player.htm?ID=3212
Graham Horobetz::No Vucevic hopefully means Zach will have his way and put up 20 and 10
Jetpilot Jones::I think he was gonna do that anyway.
Chase Ennis::Can we not watch the game here in Memphis? Wth?
Angie M Thurman::We've got the NBA package ... Still lookin
Chase Ennis::Didn't mean to post that to fb lol. I'm on the ESPN board. We don't get at all I don't think Angie
Leanna Russell::That was BS!! Good seein ya tonight!
Jetpilot Jones::Grizzlies wim this easy. No contest.
Jetpilot Jones::wins a wins homie
