KJ::The game is in Miami you Yahoo dopes!
fcbonilla::We have been hearing a lot of talk about LeBron leaving after this season. Okay, I want the rest the NBA to try to sell me on why LeBron should leave Miami. Remember it is a championship team on the verge of a third championship in four years.  Financially, LeBron has been making more money in endorsements then he ever has before. Salary wise LeBron has proven that he is willing to sacrifice in order to win.    Miami is one of the most exotic cities in the U.S. with nice weather year round and a long list of night clubs to party your #$%$ off. So, why should LeBron consider Cleveland or any other city for that matter?
TinyT::Man, these announcers for the Cavs are ridiculous! I have to watch on Fox Sports Ohio so they have their homer announcers and I can't even watch the game. One of the guys freaks out when there is a foul called against the Cavs. He literally watched a replay for 4 minutes after to finally find some contact and had to say how bad the non-call was. Then he was like "Thompson just threw Lewis out of the way for the easy basket" and followed that up with "what a great play"! I guess throwing people out of the way is a good play only when the Cavs do it?  I wish they could find neutral annoucners so we don't have to listen the whole game to someone crying over everything for one team. And that goes for all teams!
Aktion Pak::you can really tell heat are so bored playing against bad teams they only played in the 4th quarter most of the the fools thought heat had a hard time when actually they did not. doesn't look like heat took this game seriously, no team wins a championship in regular season and heat knows it
Matt::Basketball is such a dumb sport. How do you people watch it
I State Facts And You Get Mad::Good job to all the idiots that picked the Cavs to win... I get that you hate the Heat but get real
John::At 1/2 time, the announcers were talking about how perfect Miami was.  I wish the NBA would call the game fair.  LBJ traveled 8 times in this game and he fouls other players way more than 2 times.
Flaura DeLuca::DEAL WITH IT!!!  LeBron is better then Jordan!, facts show Jordan played 5 seasons without  Pippen. Out of those 5 seasons, he posted 5 losing records, missed the playoffs twice, and was 1-9 in the NBA playoffs!! How id he the so called GOAT, when he won't win a championship without Pippen and Phil Jackson Smh... Now Lebron  on the other hand'' is the only guy that can really take over as the GOAT  simply because of his raw talent, he just needs to win 4   rings to do it, he already has broken most if not all of Jordan's records :)
Jethro & Granny::The Cavs aren't presently at the level of the NBA Champs, but next season will be a turning point for Cleveland as their young players mature and learn how to play defense together.
I State Facts And You Get Mad::For the second straight game Wade is double negative...  For some reason, Miami plays better when Wade is on the bench even if Wade looks great  on the court
