GoLuckyColts2012::How in the heck were the Twolves to win this game with their roster even more injured than it was ?  What a joke !
mark35345::The curse of Kahn will continue to plague the T-wolf squad all season. Roy's done. We knew that. Next injury will be Kirilenko's back. How long will Rubio last this time?
chicago d rose::both teams healthy, BULLS ARE STILL THE BETTER TEAM!!!
Nanrad_91::Yesterday it was, The Wolves were going to blow out the Bulls even with all of the injuries on their team because they are that good. Today it is, we would've beat you if it weren't for all the injuries on our team. If the Bulls had lost, I wouldn't had blamed it on Rose not being there. Truth be told, if both teams were healthy, I think the Bulls would win in the best of seven. At the end of the day it was a good game and lets leave it at that.
Mike82683::good game bulls. both teams really hurting without star players but still giving it their all. never liked j noah, but the dude went beast mode last night. would someone flick that damn bun off the top of his head though?!
eototalt::Well the Wolves were without 3 starters and their 2 best bench players. lol
Barf On That::Wish neil would get cancer. Wolves are missing a third of their players.
stopbanningmeplease8::we've also been 3-2 versus the eastern conference and he proceeds to say the west is weak, west has way more depth than the east
Neil826::i still don't know how the teams have the same record.  the wolves are plain awful but have 4 wins, the west is real weak this year.
stopbanningmeplease8::also roy was out, if that means anything, and dont forget barea, plus most the teams we haved faced have been eastern conference d.u.m.b.a.s.s
jack butler505::our 2 best players are hurt
ahwickman::Boozer must be amnestied in 2013. The guy is a defensive liability and if he isn't scoring he is less than worthless.
HoraceGrants::Wolves SUCK
Barf On That::Hope you get leukemia,
Trexxus::The a$$hole that wrote the recap should be punched in the mouth, acting like Chicago was all shorthanded missing people and talking them up. Then not hardly saying anything about the Wolves, Both teams full strength and it would be a different outcome for sure.
jamie5734::Carlos Boozer sucks, he's getting closer to being the next victim of the amnesty club
Mister Goat::This is Noah's team right now if he wants it.
PocketProtectorGuy::I'm not even a Chicago fan and after I saw that he was willing to lay up that brick, put his image on the line for my Big Mac... he's the man.  Seriously though; he does have something neat to his game, not a legendary scorer, but just does a lot of little things, works hard, etc.
Mister Goat::He's a blue collar guy and isn't afraid to speak up. He doesn't have a great offensive game but he has been working on it and it shows.It's the intangibles that makes Joakim special.
PocketProtectorGuy::The Wolves need to get Roy and JJB back ASAP. What's the word on them? This is the same team now that finished 4-24 or whatever it was last year. They can survive without Rubio, but they can't survive without Rubio, JJB, and Roy... that's just too much. Somebody has to distribute and right now, that's just not happening.
eototalt::It actually isn't they just have a lot of injury problems.
manimarf09::Bullves
stevenwsiu::dude get piece of shite capt. kirk out of here. he $@%!$@% sucks!!! 0 pts! hes a bench player at best and the bulls r starting him. cant wait till d rose comes back, and start nate washington for the time being.
perez-matt::An i'm Cuban not Mexican good try on the insult though, Doesn't take away from the fact that your an idiot.
baruch5193::nate washington is an NFL player hahahahahahahhahahah
eototalt::lol he didn't play most of the game. Some fan you are.
stevenwsiu::i talking in general as well
TH13beast::Both of your are stupid, Kirk has is out with a Hip Injury....i hope you feel bad stevenwsiu
stevenwsiu::not at all
perez-matt::holy $@%! your dumb lmao. Nate Washington hahahahhahaha. Stop talking.
stevenwsiu::get out of our country $@%!$@% mexican
jedwardswanson::"With the Chicago Bulls missing star Derrick Rose and two starters going without a basket, the team's revamped bench came through just like the old version did so many times over the last couple of years."  What about the Wolves missing everyone
Neil826::with all the players healthy the bulls would win by 20.
Trexxus::Exactly.
eototalt::The Wolves were without Love, Rubio, Roy, Barea and Budinger went out in the 4th.
rollinoverthetide1968::I have bet with a system called Sportsbettingstar. Since I started I make roughly $3,000 a month in profit by following this systems picks. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching the words Sports Betting System.  Posting this for anyone out there that’s tired of not winning their bets.
rfolino08::This is the when Boozer needs to step up and earn the money he's being paid while Rose is out for a big chunk of the season. So disappointed in Boozer's play. Terrible defense as always and now he can put the ball in the basket. I' m not giving up on the season yet as D Rose is set to return but Boozer needs to step up and carry the load or he without doubt needs to get amnestied in the offseason. At least Rip is healthy (knock on wood).
Comptons Prodigy18::Derrick Williams is just soooo bad.
commisheatspork::Why is Nate not starting for the Bulls?
mccoywajmu::he is a big defensive liabilty
commisheatspork::Bulls making some noise!
Pusha Tonn::D-Will...maybe you need to think about stop playing basketball. think about it man
eototalt::We missed you! You not being here is why we lost. lol
Alejandra7788::When are the Bulls gonna go for better offensive players??
ahwickman::Great question -  They don't seem to get the concept that you need one great perimeter scorer to win in this league.  Who cares if he sucks on D.  With Thibs scheme they can cover up for one guy. I am also surprised as Paxson in his playing days had a scoring mentality.
Hans0184::How about you consider that the wolves D is good and thats why you didn't score a lot like all you lilttle $@%!$ bulls fans trying to say you were gonna put up over 100 on us...
Nanrad_91::The Bulls are offensively challenged. lol
mccoywajmu::it isnt that simple..they are trying to find "the answer" to their 2 guard problem..they dont seem interested in just making deals for the sake of making deals
DatGuy8921::As soon as they log onto their ESPN account and see your comment.
eric151770::TOEWS &gt; KANE
eric151770::kaaa boom!!
Stan daMann::Hinrich is hurt again and doesn't play after his usual sterling shooting performance, 0-4.  And with Hinrich out of the game, the Bulls win.  Let's hope Hinrich is out for the season.
mccoywajmu::he has played fine but he isnt a scorer..
eric151770::STOP IT NEIL FUNK!!  STOP IT STOP IT STOP IT!!!!!!
TH13beast::stop liking your own comments
eric151770::TOO FAST TOO BIG TOO GOOD!!!
airmike2334::boozer obviously didn't shoot well, but 9 reb and 4 ast, i'll take it with a win. the defense has been looking bad these last few games though
the6565::noah celebrates on every play. sometimes i wish he would get hit in the face with a waterbalooon
CubsFan4Life999::Actually it's Water Balloon
Flying Through Madison Street::lol water baloon
Kit Ramsey::It's still early, but Thibs has got to get some kind of offensive system, because they look so disorganized in their offense. Everybody seems to be get the ball, shoot the ball as fast as they can and that won't cut it against good teams and u saw that against the Thunder. And that's why they are turning the ball over at a high rate. The need a DAMN SYSTEM. That's right Thibs, i'm looking at U!
mccoywajmu::you mean the same system that had them 3rd in offensive efficency and leading the league in apg before derrick got hurt last year?  the system is fine they dont have great offensive players...
Murphs56::These Timberwolves just can't get any luck.  Who knows how long Budinger is going to be out for. If it's for a long stretch, I think they have to sign someone like Pietrus
Sherriann Ryan::WELCOME TO THE CHICAGO SEASON LAST YEAR
eric151770::STOP IT STOP IT STOP IT
surfzone365::As a Bulls fan, I really don't follow the Twolves.  I was impressed with that 22-point comeback vs Brooklyn the other night though. Doesn't matter who you are, or who yo play...coming back from that deficit on the road is legit...
jbezerra1990::ROFL AT THE TIMBER PUPPIES
macksolo::Good to see a real Timberwolves team that plays hard. They will win a lot of games when they are healthy. Also good to see real teams that play team basketball and are competitive without having to be a super team.
eototalt::Why? Because we lost without Love, Rubio, Roy and Barea playing?
eric151770::WHAT DOES LOVIE SMITH HAVE TO DO WITH THIS???? TROLL!!!!!!!!!!
JRod8954::Not to mention on the back end of a back to back.
surfzone365::So has there been any news on Kirk?  Forgive me if I'm a little behind on this...
Sherriann Ryan::hopefully the bobcats give us that pick next year
Minnysota Vikings::Well, I'm gonna call it a night. Good game Bulls fans. Both these teams need to get healthy.
eric151770::U SUCK VI-QUEENS
eric151770::STOP IT STOP IT STOP IT
chicitysports4::this is weird.
surfzone365::What is?
surfzone365::Take care.  Good game, and good luck vs those Motor City Kitties tomorrow...
surfzone365::Nate Robinson has been a good pickup for us. I always liked his play...
eric151770::STOP IT
Sherriann Ryan::we will get to see what he is made of against boston with no hinrich
Sherriann Ryan::the bulls didn't amnistey boozer because they needed his production and it would have only cleared 6 million in cap space ..............well gar/pax that 6 million could have gotten the bulls a better player than carlos boozer
surfzone365::Yeah...he is a shell of his 2007 self.  He looked good on the market, but hasnt panned out.  He's had big games for us, but not that many to justify that salary
Sherriann Ryan::it is just so disapointing seeing him wear that great jersey and insulting it
surfzone365::I agree...shoulda, coulda, woulda...but i think Booz is not in the long-term plan looking forward...
surfzone365::Bulls will kick Booz to the curb as soon as possible...
Sherriann Ryan::but they didn't that is the point im trying to make he should have been taken out the back and shot at the end of last season
Minnysota Vikings::Why do players like Rose and Rubio gotta get injured? Give that idiot Westbrook an injury if you have to.
bamberg1977::Rubio's a train wreck scoring the ball. Books still out on him if he can excel as a PG.
Minnysota Vikings::the evidence is in the Wolves record before and after Rubio's injury
Minnysota Vikings::There's no question here. Rubio is the straw that stirs the drink on offense. We're a completely different team when he's not on the floor. Both on offense and defense.
surfzone365::Because they are "high-milage" players....they are the workhorses for their team and are subjected to more injuries
Minnysota Vikings::Rubio doesn't take nearly the amount of punishment that Rose does (not sure that anybody does). Rubio tore his ACL getting run over by Kobe on defense.
surfzone365::Not sure about Rubio, but Rose takes a beating every game
Sherriann Ryan::carlos boozer is a theif  he is stealing money form chicago every minuite of the day, he should be arrested and thrown in jail
Kit Ramsey::Dude shut up.
chicitysports4::you should be thrown in jail for terrible spelling.
kwheels22::hopefully the Wolves don't pull a Vikings and turn 4-1 into 5-4
bamberg1977::Ha, Lions will trounce the Vikings tomorrow. You do realize Lions have won 3 of 4 and 2 of their losses this season are because of two kick returns for TD's in each game or else they win those games going away.  Oh yeah, 1 of those games was vs. Minny, who failed to score an offensive TD. Prepare to the doormat of the Central in about 15 hrs. Lions are playing good ball and really were playing a lot better than their 2-4 original record in the first place, which should have been 4-2. And even then the Chicago game they were the better team for final 3 quarters and fumbled on the endzone twice
macksolo::They fumbled in the end zone because a team that forces fumbles made them fumble. How that constitutes being a better team for the final 3 quarters baffles me.
eototalt::You must be a virgin.
surfzone365::Vikings playing the toothless Lions
DatGuy8921::Don't get too confident now.  This Lions team is only one game away from going to third place and the Vikes dropping to worst.  And they are pulling off wins, and the Vikes have been losing as of late.
The Bat of Adam Dunn::Well, if they do, they still have 73 games to right the ship.
surfzone365::An injured, aging Brian Urlacher has more agility than Boozer in the post
The Bat of Adam Dunn::Dick Butkus has more agility than Boozer in the post.
DatGuy8921::The Fridge has more agility than Boozer.
surfzone365::Boozer can be beast when he is on, but when he has a bad game he just sucks...there's no in-between for him.
DatGuy8921::Wow that guy sucks at defense.  -D'Antoni.
The Bat of Adam Dunn::Like Jamal Crawford but slower, with less hops, and with a much lower ceiling.
The Bat of Adam Dunn::He is loud though. I bet he talks on defense like no one's business. Of course, that's because he can't actually guard anyone.
surfzone365::Right...slow and painful to watch
The Bat of Adam Dunn::PG - Rubio SG - Roy SF - Kirilenko PF - Love C - Pekovic  PG - Rose SG - Hamilton SF - Deng PF - Boozer C - Noah  This is what this game should have looked like.
DatGuy8921::On 2K13 yeah.  We just have to grit our teeth now until Rose is back.
Sherriann Ryan::hey minnesota we will give you boozer for williams ?
Sherriann Ryan::straight swap contract and all
Minnysota Vikings::gotta pass
Minnysota Vikings::If you're willing to pay about 10 million of Boozer's salary, then yes.
The Bat of Adam Dunn::This team is very difficult to watch most times as it is, but especially now. I'm excited to see Teague get some minutes, and disappointed that Captain Kirk is always hurt.  AND BOOZER. STOP FREAKING SHOOTING THE BALL ALREADY.
DatGuy8921::BUT BUT BUT THE BOOZE CRUIZE!!!!  -Boozer.
The Bat of Adam Dunn::OH ****!
DatGuy8921::AND 1!!!!!!
The Bat of Adam Dunn::GIMME DAT JO!
Minnysota Vikings::Taj Gibson looks like he should be starting instead of Boozer
DatGuy8921::Taj Gibson is playing his heart out because he wants to prove to the Bulls they invested well.  So far, Booze ain't done jack $@%!.
Kit Ramsey::He has had 2 bad games in a row, no need to panic though, it's a lonnnnnggg season.
Sherriann Ryan::ray charles can see that
DatGuy8921::Thank God the Wolves coaching staff didn't go into a zone earlier.  And did anyone else catch Rip's America headband?  Legit.
scoopjackson_21::Noah is so good  -Said no one ever
stompied99::That's right; he is better than good!
Sherriann Ryan::jokim noah is awesome
scoopjackson_21::True
DatGuy8921::Yeah I heard he sucks at shooting threes.  Lol get real.
surfzone365::We'd be in trouble without Noah playing big
