Med::Yes!! Let's blame Melo every time the Knicks loses. The complaint was he was only shooting, not rebounding and not playing defense. Well, so far this year, he is averaging 26.1 points per game and 9 rebounds with 3 assists per contest. The Knicks went on a 5 game winning streak when Chandler was out. Maybe the coach disrupted the chemistry. He should have been gradually integrated back into the line up. He did not have one block shot last night. He needs to step up his game. Felton needs to step up his and Andre Needs to be more aggressive offensively. He creates more problems for the opposing centers than Chandler. Team work and cohesion is the answer. Stop playing the blame game. Everyone needs to be held accountable.
Sense::I saw the worst NBA officiating and heard the worst telecasting that I can recall in this game.  Totally invisible fouls on 3's, and listening to the little guy talk about how Carmelo is not an all-star and the players are at fault for not touching a shooter and getting a foul called on themselves.  You wonder why people think games are fixed?  Crawford's crew is an embarrassment to the NBA. I had to turn it off.  I couldn't take the rantings. I don't even care for Carmelo, and I don't like the offensive fouls Griffin commits when pushing down on defender's shoulders to dunk.  But he had one hellacious dunk on the break. Van Gundy stupid stuff.
Carl07::Carmelo the ball hog in another day at the office doing what he does best. He's like a horse with blinders.
David::Come out ready for a street fight Clippers. New York almost certainly will; and they have the home arena advantage. Effort guys!
Rodney::Take a good close look, Spike.  THIS is how a contender rolls.
Rich::I wish the Clippers still had the legendary Barrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrron Davis as their point guard.  It was great when Donald Tokowitz would heckle Barrrrrrrrrrrrron courtside for being out of shape and taking stupid shots.  Baron was not exactly durable by NBA standards.  A hangnail would keep him out six months.
Ben::How can I get eastern time off and pacific coast time on?
L.E.S. the lower::Knick fans ever notice when the trolls are in full force all they mention is MELO's stats. Even when they win all they talk about is his stats.Anthony would give up any stat to bring a championship to New York.With that said all he needs now is teammates that know how to score.....
creep::The Clipduds reall[y think they're something don't they folks. A few lucky wins without their star player means little or nothing. Brace yourselves for the losing streak. Which is about to begin, and will go full throttle till CP3 returns.
Ben::Carmelo Anthony shot a poor percentage but was 16-16 at the line. That's 8 more possible shots he could have made. The 4-23 is a little deceiving. That's the way I see it. 16-16 FTs indicates how aggressive he was. And 20 boards is a monster night. Give credit where it's due.
