Jason Walls::This feels like a trap game.... I don't want to see Dallas play down to their competition tonight I wanna see them throttle the Magic! Lets go MAVS!!!!
David Bair::Orlando needs a new head coach after this season.  Jacque Vaughn needs to give Nicholson more than 7 mins that is disgusting.  Nicholson, Oladipo, Harkless, and Vucevic are the core youngsters of this team (Vucevic being concussed), so they need a whole lot more minutes than they are getting.
Lester Ayers::The last two games I like the way the mavs have vince taking spot up open shots lately and not just allowing him to shoot any shot......I think this will work out for them. .....
Nick Maurer::Not sure why Nicholson is only getting 7 minutes this game... He needs to get traded outta here...
Randy Dixon::Dallas is the most garbage POS in the NBA...what kinda garbage team let's this hurt magic team comback
Michael Lorenzo Lance::They lost by almost 20.. Wtf u talkin bout. Hell ledo got playin time
David Ferguson::They were up by 18 at the end of the 3rd? They won by 19.... How is that a come back
Las Vegas IM::Dallas is 1-7 ATS in its last 8 games when playing at home against Orlando. by sportsbook dot ms
Pablo Juarez::Calderon was a great add by the Mavs. Such a fundamentally sound PG with a great 3pt shot!
Rolando Mercado::i like how dirk is getting hot right before i get to see him on weds vs the clippers.
Stan Anvik::Wonder if the Mavs get another "no-call" at the end of this game for the win?
David Ferguson::Yea, it would have resulted in 19 free throws. The NBA acknowledged that the Refs missed 19 technical fouls in the game
David K Tang::I guess Orlando is trying hard to tank another season again
Arthur Wang::next yr lotto suppose to be as good as 2004. so make ur wish for Andrew Wiggens.
David K Tang::lets tank another 4 season til we get a starting lineup full of lotto picks~
William Vogler::I hope Orlando loses enough to get #1 pick so they can get parker
Tommy Lebowitz::Great win Mavs!!! Way to take care of business.
Bill Smith::Doing good so far... go mavs!
Josh Jordan::23-16 !
