MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::ALL THE "GOOD" TEAM BOARDS ARE FULL OF SPAM, SO IM HERE.
PHILAFANinVA::do you think the knicks are good?
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::THEY ARE OK, GETTING BETTER, NEED TO GET BETTER THOUGH
ainuggets::R E S P E C T!!!!!  i cant wait till wednesday when we play the knicks...the sixers will finally b on sportscenter!
raaaj989::76ers goin to the finals since they beat a pacers team without leading scorer(granger),6th man(hill)and tyler gettin head takin off,great win!you won at HOME by 10 whole points
bballjogguy31::???Tyler???  takin' off?  your are b.s.in' me right?
phillyirish2013::Do not worry, sir, the Wahmbulance is on its way.
PHILAFANinVA::you sound sour. injuries are part of the game. take your losses like a man and look forward to the next meeting between the team.
PHILAFANinVA::think not. i love iggy for his defense. his offense isn't so good but he always averages in double figure and a good passer and rebounder.
raaaj989::give ya  granger for  iguodala think thats a good trade
PHILAFANinVA::did we declare ourselves as a dream team? i don't believe so. our team isn't even consisted of a single all star or superstar. there is no dream team.   we're a up and coming team who haven't made a mark in the postseason since AI was around. we have a lot to prove and a lot to look forward to
raaaj989::are the sixers also a dream team like the great eagles
LOLLSU::40 wins baby!!!
nba is the worst::Nice win, 76ers showing great depth with the bench players shooting lights out.  Starting to look like a top 3 team in the (pathetic) east!
kfoges03::is the west some kind of a powerhouse that im missing? the thunder, lakers, and clippers are good, but none are better than the heat and then the bulls are probably about even with the thunder
drdlh1::Well, the Thunder are good, but the Lakers and the Clippers?
hmac27::Way to be SIXERS!!! who would have thought!? cant wait to see the difference in attendence during alll these home games!
Bob Turk::Espn is becoming truly pathetic and very one sided. The Knicks, who cares, Miami, big deal, Chicago what?  The Sixers have won 5 in a row and no headlines or even a mention on the front page of this sight. What a joke. This sight has become very biased and surely do need some real sports writers. Go, PHILADELPHIA SIXERS.
Something Like A LeBromenon::If no one wants to read about the Sixers then ESPN isn't going to write about them.  It is a business, afterall.  They want to make money.
kfoges03::exactly, you can blame whoever you want, but at the end of the season the sixers wont be contending for anything.  the fans they do have are extremely loyal but its not enough for espn to write for
Bob Turk::They still are winning and lead the division. What New York has alot of fans and an average team. Would rather read about a winning team, then some thug team like the Knicks or a highly paid average team like the Heat. 5 in a row, who else is doing that right now.
rrt5029::...the heat are 8-1, i wouldn't say they're a highly paid average team
samwsazsa::Lack of superstars = Not much media attention
Frank Reynolds is back 4::A crowd of 8000 really hurts too.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Maybe that is our fault. We have not been good to this team in years. So they lack audience.
salemram15::I can honestly say I stayed loyal to the sixers through all those rough years, I didn't give up on that team. I went down with the ship every season. It makes this season so much more enjoyable and exciting for me.
wasted_101::sixers dont have fans
Orelleo::im a die hard sixers fan too. through thick and thin
hmac27::DIE HARD FAN RIGHT HERE!
salemram15::Die hard sixers fan checking in!
jroll01971::to everyone complaining about the fans they will come believe me they need proof im telling you ed snider with his careless handling of this team ruined the fan base it will come back dont worry
Frank Reynolds is back 4::I agree. He destroyed the Sixers. And we got lucky when they got inversion.
tjbey2000::GET TO THE GAMES PEOPLE THIER GIVING TICKETS AWAY !!! aTTANDENCE = STARS LOOK AT THE pHILLIE$....  I sat center court row 2 up stairs tonight for  $17.76, THIER $51 DOLLAR SEATS, ALL Januarry anywhere uup stairs for 17$, the teams in first place you cant beat that deal.. Take the kids
jroll01971::i meant 2 for 35 im sorry
jroll01971::no i was there 2 4 17 dollars its an awesome deal and while i would love it 4 ever come on folks its sad this team is good if we want dwight howard we need to fill it up
bobHALO 30.1::This is not spam and I agree
Frank Reynolds is back 4::I am going to the game on Friday. I hope others start going to the games too.
seansox1994::1. Heat 2. Bulls 3. OKC 4. Blazers 5. Sixers  No joke...we got a good team this year...looking forward to knocking the bulls out of the 2nd round of the playoffs
jroll01971::i will say this he is scouting us this means we have his attention the bulls got smoked by us twice last year
buller23::not a chance but ur team is looking good.  doug collins is a great coach for a young team
Frank Reynolds is back 4::I don't think he is a Sixers fan.
NBA fan from Tdot::Just move this team to Kansas City or Anaheim, California ....................... 76ers basketball left when Iverson was traded to Denver... After that the fans cared less about showing up to games no matter if they were a playoff team or not
hmac27::definitley an idiot.
bobHALO 30.1::You're an idiot
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Not going to happen. They will show up.
truesportfanman::This could be the return to the glory days of the Philadelphia 76ers.
fhymson42::Sixers win big to expand division 1st place lead while knicks squeeze out a small win at home against the bobcats, yet are the front page of the NBA section... lol.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::YOUR TEAM IS ONLY AS GOOD AS ITS BEST PLAYER. I SAID MY PART, SO IM OUT.
hmac27::6 people in double figures last night!? we are a TEAM! and have the best coach to go along with it!
jroll01971::knicks suck big b a l l s
bobHALO 30.1::Our best player is EVERYBODY on the team... so we are as good as everybody.  Have a good night you smacka.ss knicks troll...  LoL Knicks....
truesportfanman::A.I. will be knockin' on philly's door, saying I'll start but will come off the bench if absolutely necessary.
TGPhilly919::Practice?
Frank Reynolds is back 4::But he will not attend practice
Giggityiggity::I swear, you guys better start supporting your team.  #1 offense and defense in the NBA and that many empty seats??????????????  Come on, people!  Even the Cavs are filling the stands.
drdlh1::Why, they still think LeBron is coming back?
ainuggets::ok philly fans! we gotta start fillin up the stands! 8 thousand people in unacceptable! now every1 buy a ticket for tomorrow stomping of the queens!
ainuggets::lol nice catch with the IS, but yea cmon philly fans, lets not be like atlanta braves fans. BUY A FREAKIN TICKET, u can get them for like 10 bucks, show the team some respect for their effort!
Blazelover13::Despite your lack of capitalization and grammar, you're totally right. This team is 6-2 and 3-0 at home. This IS unacceptable. The fans need to get their butts to the game! Philly is playing hard, for goodness sake!
Blazelover13::Well, another win for the red-hot Sixers, the most underrated team in the league. As always, a different Sixers star was the leading scorer tonight: Iguodala. Ah, I love it. No big-headed idiot superstar who shoots 30 shots a game and has to have 40 points for his team to win. This Philly team is deadly, young, talented, and the balanced offense is what a team SHOULD be made of. The Mavericks showed it last season with their balanced scoring in the playoffs that didn't JUST rely on Dirk, and maybe...just maybe...this Sixers team will pull off what Dallas did last season. GO PHILLY!
grandfinalley101::I just wonder why Granger or Hill weren't listed as out prior to the game? The Sixers are playing well but that would have been a different outcome had those 2 guys played.
phillips.chad::Definitely. The pacers are a solid team, and I would like to play them again with those two in the lineup. Both teams are solid, especially given their age.
TravisFleish::Road loss without our top player (Granger) and 6th man (Hill), wouldn't put too much stock in this game as a Pacer or 76rs fan...
Jonny_blaze420::Hill would probably have helped some but Granger and his 30% field goal shooting wouldnt have been that big a help with Iggy shutting him down.  You might have lost by even more with him jacking up shots
auzzy831::What was the attendance like? 8,612 is disappointing for a good team.
ainuggets::o were excited...just broke
StockonToMalone::I was thinking the same thing. It looked so empty in there. You think they'd be excited for their team.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::It will get better. They have to keep winning.
wizardog1::i was at this game and the refs really were over protective in the 4th every time the other team was driving it was a penalty...... if this was the playoffs the refs would of gotten pink slips blowing their whistles tooo much
Iladelphia::How come with all those superstars the Knicks can't even beat bad teams consistently let alone blow them out.
phillips.chad::Make that 4. Regardless, its awful.
phillips.chad::Because they're both revolving doors defensively, and they have no depth.  Keep in mind that in the biggest game of his life (WCF with the suns, game 7) Amar'e had 2 rebounds.
supreme91::You're talking about the Lakers vs Suns series in 2010? That series never went to 7
bobHALO 30.1::So we got a Knicks and a Bulls troll in here.  Both very concerned about us!
PlayerPresident1::concerned about who?
Korzagg::Can't wait till Jan 30th, Sixers get Magic, Bulls, Heat, Hawks, Lakers, Spurs and Clippers in that order. 5-2 is my prediction
maximkat::amazing, they'll have a 2-3 record after those 3 games?  unprecidented for sure.
PlayerPresident1::well, they'll be 2-3 after those first 3 games.
Bsul21::The Pacers are a good team that put up a fight, but I'm so proud of my SIXERSSS!!!!!
bballjogguy31::Sixers are going to get beat the next time the Pacers see them.
CandySparker::Philadelphia 96ers
bballjogguy31::Indiana Pacers
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::ALL THE "GOOD" TEAM BOARDS ARE FULL OF SPAM, SO IM HERE.
Frankdaddy21::Shut up we r better than the knicks
Korzagg::The Knicks can't play D, the Celts are too old to compete with this compressed schedule, The Sixers will win the Atlantic Division
Korzagg::I like being the underratted, underdog, so much better then dealing with the trolls we have all summer long
Pippen Best Perimeter Defender::Sixers blow korzagg
Pippen Best Perimeter Defender::No Im pretty sure the rest of the country knows Philly has the worst fans
Korzagg::Yet most players that have played in this city loved playing here b/c of the passion of this fanbase
Pippen Best Perimeter Defender::No I genuinely do not like Philly fans of any sport.  They are the worst in the country
Korzagg::More like the best fans.
bobHALO 30.1::Let me ask you an honest question and dont give me a troll or you're a "scout" answer.  Why are you in here?  What does the Sixers have to do with the Bulls?  We play one another like twice a year.  The ONLY think I can think of is you're obviously threatened by us... Otherwise you would be else where.
MELOS SWEATY HEADBAND::MAYBE HE JUST WANTS TO TALK BASKETBALL, TRUST ME, NOBODY IS THREATENED BY THE SIXERS.
Korzagg::right after you win 1 without MJ  or better yet just get to a finals without him
Pippen Best Perimeter Defender::Win a championship in the past 25 years
Korzagg::And im sure your there ready to swallow for them
Korzagg::Up to 5 games longest winning streak in the NBA
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Anyone struggling with replies tonight?
Dub_M89::I like what the Sixers have built, I thought Lou Williams was a bust for a minute, but he's a demon off the bench now.
Frank Reynolds is back 4::I like the fact that you have two have a bad game and they still can win.
Iladelphia::Sixers have drafted surprisingly well in the middle of the first. Thad, Jrue, Vuc. Vucevic can play man.
bobHALO 30.1::Yup... Really nice job
76ersEaglesFan::Im outty..see yall 2marro! GO SIXERS!
bballjogguy31::Go Pacers!
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Night
Pippen Best Perimeter Defender::Bulls just took over the best defense in the NBA again.  Allowed 68 points tonight.  Now leading the points allowed category after they put it in
Korzagg::Wrong again the bulls dropped to 86.6 76ers are at 85.6
Iladelphia::Actually Sixers are still number 1 and number 1 in point differential
bballdon32::Why dont you go the Bulls conversation instead of ours? We dont care about the Bulls.
bobHALO 30.1::who... cares... wow, were 2nd in Defense.  Our offense scores 4+ more a game...
Frankdaddy21::They suck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOW SHUT UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
schutzmana1::DJ Jazzy Jeff and M.Night Shyamalan, Philly gets some wierd celebs
Frank Reynolds is back 4::They are local.
Korzagg::Been saying it since the season was reinstated, I'll say it again, The 2012 Atlantic Division Champion Philadelphia 76ers
bobHALO 30.1::yup!  hard to not be really excited about this team
bobHALO 30.1::I cant believe the Bulls degenerate is still here.  He must really have Sixers on the mind
bobHALO 30.1::This clown wouldnt know talent if it sat on his face
Korzagg::Yet after a 3-13 start they played 10 games over .500 the rest of the way and have started 6-2 this season despite playing a 5 game west coast roadie to start the season
Pippen Best Perimeter Defender::I know talent and the Sixers have none besides the young Jrue Holiday.  Only player with potential
Pippen Best Perimeter Defender::I am a scout I do know basketball
bobHALO 30.1::you're a c.ock scout
Frank Reynolds is back 4::I kind of ignore it. If he wanted to talk basketball and had any idea I would talk.
dannyerm2288::BRING BACK MATT CORD!! #SHOWYALUV guys! Let's continue the on-court excitements on the mic as well!!  http://www.facebook.com/pages/76ers-Bring-BACK-Matt-Cord/167079363397101  http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/76ers-bring-back-matt-cord/
USMC3121::Bulls fan on here talking smack the Sixers are a good young team with depth on the bench the Bulls who i respect has some good players also that comp Rose i like my boy Taj Gibson from USC and former Sixer Kyle Korver who the Sixers should have never gave away for a garbage player. It would be a good match up when they play each other.
blakep267::Korver plays no defense whatsoever and is a liability. That is more important than making three's off the bench
supreme91::Crazy how Sixers are 6-2
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Knicks barely won again
DaKing0325::We should handle them easy, the only thing that worries me is that it's on the third consecutive day
76ersEaglesFan::it will be done..but yes the knicks will put up a fight &amp; are team has gotta be ready for it witch im sure they will be #ShoYaLuv
Iladelphia::yeah it'll be a little harder to pull it off but I think it can be done.
Iladelphia::Can't wait til we lay a smackdown on them
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Two days
Pippen Best Perimeter Defender::Sixers are not even a top 15 team in the NBA.  Beat an elite team and talk
Iladelphia::Celts and Magic have worse wins then the Sixers. So if that's the argument go somewhere else.
blakep267::mafic wont last for the simple fact that dwight doesnt want to be there. And the celtics are old.
DaKing0325::I'll give you the celts and maybe the magic but we are no worse than the 5th best in the conf
FightingPhillies181::LMAO. It's pretty sad that you respond to every post saying how you think the Sixers suck
Pippen Best Perimeter Defender::By far all of them better than the Sixers.
Pippen Best Perimeter Defender::10 Western Conference teams and the Bulls Heat Celtics Magic Hawks and Knicks
Iladelphia::Which 10 WC teams. And lol at Celts, Magic, Knicks and hawks
Iladelphia::Name all 14 ahead of them.
Dark Darwin::Havne't seen the Sixers look this good since AI's heyday
big1234556::Pacers are looking good this season, but 76ers are looking better.
templebball08::That was too Pippen too, not you big/chealseablue
Pippen Best Perimeter Defender::I have league pass and watch every Sixers game.  They are a mediocre team who has no chance of matching up with the Bulls or Heat.  What a joke.  Sixers are the 15th best team in the NBA
Pippen Best Perimeter Defender::Bulls can beat the Heat.  Refs wont rig it this time
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Bulls can't beat the heat.. So does your team matter either? No
templebball08::Trolololololololololololo
cheick17kid::bottom line,  none of us made past the 1st round. and WE JUST SMACKED YALL YOU $@%!!!!
templebball08::You're a joke. Did you see how competitive we were against the Heat last year in the playoffs? We are much improved this year to go along with what promises to be a better seed once we get to the playoffs. Here's a thought...get off your knees, watch a basketball game, and shut the @!#$ up.
ChelseaBlue1905::minimum second round
PlayerPresident1::maximum second round.
Pippen Best Perimeter Defender::Both mediocre 1st round exits
Pippen Best Perimeter Defender::Ok. Good luck losing to the Magic or Hawks
76ersEaglesFan::heeeell no u non believer..sixers will make it to the 2nd round without a doubt..but keep doubting,,.the more yall hate the more fun itll be to keep provin yall wrong GO SIXERS!!
ajssj::Amazing how the Sixers can compete without a true star  http://mindlessdribble.net/2012/01/10/padover-colu...
edward_jones73::bulls are a one man show if he goes down u are through
Pippen Best Perimeter Defender::1st round exit for Philly.  Not a good team at all
DaKing0325::The ignore button is GOD
DaKing0325::Use the firefox web browser and download the greasemonkey add on, then search espn ignore button and install
bobHALO 30.1::Did they finally add an ignore button?  And if so how to I access it
TRENTROCK777::I live in Washington State, and clearly miss my sonics. Despite this, the 76er's are my NEW favorite team! Iggy is my boy! He is very underrated.  I think Hawes has great potential, and the the team has some talented young guards! They are my team I pick to make it to the east finals. Idk about the heat though...
Frank Reynolds is back 4::Good. Glad to hear.
adi133::Go Sixers!!!! Right up there with the best of them. Best Defense in the NBA!!!!!
cheick17kid::I'll be waiting....
Pippen Best Perimeter Defender::Bulls D was the best last season and will be the best again.  Its a week and a half into the season give it a month before the Bulls are ranked 1 in every category
bobHALO 30.1::Again dips.hit, look at the stats
Pippen Best Perimeter Defender::Thats funny.  Bulls D is so much better
