Chris.Klarner::Does anyone else think Kirk looks like Jay Cutler if he had AIDs?
iplaydrunk247::am i calculating wrong?  jimmy butler stats: 8-12FG=16points  1-2 3pt= 3points 1-2 freethrows = 1point  add these up 16+3+1=20 but in the box scores it has it at 18
squiddy45::It's ok, not everyone can understand simple math
ArcusProtus::one of the 8 field goals IS the 3 pointer.  So 7 x 2 = 14 + 3 = 17 + 1 = 18.  Voila!
DatGuy8921::Yeah the numbers don't add up.
iplaydrunk247::LMFAO!! NVM ESPN IS RIGHT!!
ArcusProtus::that's what happens when you read the box score drunk! lol
keny84::Wow... so Robinson &gt; Jennings?
IlliniDave68::When the Bulls announced they were gutting the bench, after last season, I had my doubts about what I was going to see once they'd rebuilt it. As the season has progressed, though, I've been pleasantly surprised! Butler, Belinelli, and Robinson have been aces off the bench and seem to have developed a nice chemistry, with each other as well as the starters. The Bench Mob is dead. Long live Bench Mob 2.0!    GO BULLS!!!
Clarence2126::the does still suck
FoxKat93::This Heat fan said that they had the new bench mob. lol
IlliniDave68::They're right. The Bulls DO have the new Bench Mob 2.0!
iplaydrunk247::lol i got banned for 1 day for trolling heats fans!
IlliniDave68::Yet, they NEVER get banned. More ESPN Heat bias.
Rose MVP CHI::I predict the next 5:  @ BKN W @ ATL W @ IND L @ DEN L @ UTA W  3 wins, sounds good. The February will be very hard, but a lot of exciting games coming.
CTYHNTR::Have the Bulls won both of any back to back games this season?  I doubt they will win both against BKN and ATL going by how they have done so far in that regard.
Rook_217::Yeah, they have a tendency of putting up stinkers on the second of a b2b...
Fthecheeseheads::i think it will be a loss to IND and win the rest. DEN has no defense and if the bulls disrupt their shots that is a win.
Alabamian666::There is a lot of worry from Heat fans that the retuning D Rose may make the Bulls the favorite to win it all because of the coach, the rebounding and the heart of the bulls.
Alabamian666::Could the Bulls pick up someone who can shoot a three?
imagine606::Robinson, Belinelli, and Hinrich can all shoot close to 40% from 3. It's not great, but 40% is still pretty darn good from there.
b735player::if a player shoots 40% from 3 that is great, that's equivalent to the efficiency of scoring 60% within the 3 pt line
Fthecheeseheads::D.Rose will make Cook look like John Paxson!
Jaguarcrazyboy::Cook but he's brand new.. Has to learn the ropes.
FoxKat93::They did, but Thibs won't play him because they just picked him up.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Good win by the Bulls.Boozer was out but they played a great game. Love the bickering between Robinson and Jennings.
Fthecheeseheads::that is why i love watching the games. i did not get this game in my area. i wish the cable companies would let us have any network of TV and stop making watch what they want us to watch.
b735player::I know he was out for this game, but I'm starting to like boozer more now, he's still not worth what we are paying him, but at least he's stepping up in the paint more to defend, the FTs have been better and he has been clutch on the boards in late game situations. also providing good scoring
Alabamian666::a...and we then could have hired a 3 point shooter.
AdamSaidThis::Boozer was the 9th highest paid pf last year.  If you look at his stats...he's probably paid exactly right.
b735player::PFs are also some of the highest payed players in the NBA, that's also because most good PFs are older, however boozer is one of the top 20 highest payed players in the NBA but certainly not one of the top 20 caliber players. A salary of 10-12 mil for his current production would be appropriate
b735player::I'm not just saying this because of this game, but we should probably try to retain nate over hinrich at the end of this season, while he may be inconsistent these kind of explosions will help the bulls get wins and we won't have to rely on him to score once rose is back, plus if he improves his consistency watch out...
lovestephon23::I love to see him and rose in the game together
b735player::yea, we won't need him on a night in night out basis, teague should continue to improve and can take on minutes to back up rose as well if nate is cold. hinrich isn't good enough on defense, nor good enough of a shooter to keep for off ball play when we have bellinelli and butler
stompied99::I think that's his point - he's a good fit - they are a stable enough team that he can be a spark - kind of like a poor man's version of the role Ben Gordon used to play.
Mister Goat::I wouldn't get to enthusiastic,he's a good player and everything but I think it's just a count of the system. He works well in it. and he's emotional "rally type of  player"
nirvanarox67::Been following this online bet system for sports called Sportsbettingstar. Im making between 2-3k a month the past few months since I started using the system. If you search for basketball betting systems on google you can learn more there.
Rude Boy Chicago::Big things come in small packages Remember?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJGQqmODpT0  Nate Robinson first Dunk as a Bull!
Are we human. Or are we dancer::Chicago fans are just as delusional as Lakers fans.  Your team is going nowhere with or without derrick rose.
Dissention83::I love posts like this. I mean, oh no, you are right. Let's just hang it up now as fans. We might as well just start watching golf or some sh.it. Fu.ck cheering for our team because you say they aren't going anywhere. I'm convinced....you fa.ggot.
Rook_217::In my dillusional Chi town world...you make perfect sense.
b735player::which is why people think we can contend this year as Rose will be back early enough to play 30+ minutes a game in the playoffs
stompied99::I like the Bulls chances a lot better than those of the Lakers.
Mister Goat::And you have such a valued opinion.  I can see people lining up just to ask you questions,because people really want to know what you think. *bravo*
JordanFadeAway::why you mad for..
NYballer6969::Did D.Rose ever score 24 points on just 11 shots taken ?  Didn't think so ! To make 24 points ..Probably closer to 25 shots !  Thibs baby ! The real MVP ! Give him a D League team to play with , they'll have a winning record in the NBA !
lovestephon23::The Knicks are the old nuggets all over again run isolation 4 melo and let JR Smith Jack up terrible 3's all day
KillMeBaby::A NY fan shouldn't be talking about shooting efficiency when players like Melo, Jr Smith, and Felton are on the same team
therealJeffBerg::29 points on 14 shots: http://www.hoopsstats.com/basketball/fantasy/nba/boxscores/chicago-bulls-at-los-angeles-clippers/2011-12-30/12/4 27 points on 14 shots: http://sports.yahoo.com/nba/boxscore;_ylt=AtdkOJCSJ7VpCYpyIxjgYrTMPaB4?gid=2010022711 19 points on 9 shots: http://sports.yahoo.com/nba/boxscore;_ylt=Ape9OHwWlWwnzR_3cTelpSzMPaB4?gid=2009120204  I'm not sure if you're trying to slight Rose, but Nate Robinson isn't in the same arena.
Mister Goat::He's the greatest acquisition the Bulls have had since the Jordan era.
obviousmon::Should the Bulls trade for Redick?  Maybe Hamilton &amp; a 1st round pick?
JordanFadeAway::not a 1st round pick.
imagine606::The way the Bulls have drafted over the last half decade, a first round pick has some serious value to them.
b735player::then pick up a backup center in the draft or in free agency as i'm sure there will be a veteran that knows his role as an off the bench rebounder
b735player::trade rip+nazr+second round pick if possible
joncoker22::Hollinger Power Rankings!!!!  12. Los Angeles Lakers     20-25 13. Chicago Bulls     28-17
stompied99::I can't remember what team just hired Hollinger, but they are screwed. His PER is the dumbest stat - I remember one year Tyrus Thomas was the fifth best player in the league or something under his formula.  There are serious sabermetric people in basketball and Hollinger is NOT one of them.  He's like a 14 year old kid creating weightings off of the back of basketball cards.
imagine606::A lot of people don't realize that basketball isn't baseball. There is so little in basketball that the statistics actually say.
b735player::I've never been a huge fan of PER, sure it might predict your win total in the regular season relatively well, but what really defines a good player is his ability to win playoff games. The NBA has and always will be about the post season
b735player::well they couldn't put the lakers that high because of darn statistics, but as soon as they put two wins together, hey they could be contenders
viroes223::actually we are 9th and the lakers are 13th, check again buddy
Mister Goat::That's messed up. Right there just proves the bias nature of ESPN.
wabam95::This guy works for ESPN?
imagine606::Grizzlies now, I believe.
J. Voorhees::Hollinger is a joke.
JoeC231::I didn't believe this at first but it's 100% correct. Hollinger's rankings are a joke.
chicagogary13::what an idiot
chisport23::Thats just ridiculous
Illinicub53333::What a joke.
DaRealDaBuu::lol
Pleaseenternamehere...::I've been waiting for Jimmy to get his chance since last season. Had no idea who he was at draft day but I LOVED the way he played when he did come into games. I can legitimately say 'I knew it all along'. Next year he'll be starting at the 2 with Marco/Kirk rotating and Teague behind Rose
lovestephon23::Hey man ima bulls van and I hope 4 the same
uwisfan34::Yeah Butler is a baller.  Loved watching him play at Marquette.  Really wished he would haven fallen to the Bucks in the second round but I know that was just a pipe dream.  Good win tonight for the Bulls, they played great defense and were efficient on offense.  Hope we can see you in the playoffs.  These two teams would play a great series together in my opinion.  Go Bucks.
bulls32032::Future 2 guard for the Bulls= Jimmy Butler
DatGuy8921::If he had played 40 minutes he could have scored 26 points.
JordanFadeAway::Nice win by the bulls
KobeIsWatchingTHEKINGonTape::Great! Another run @ a regular season title!! Doesn't mean $@%! until they can beat the Heat in the Playoffs!
Dissention83::I know right? Wtf is with these Heat clowns coming to Bulls forums to comment about the same shi.t every time? You are like a little sibling looking for attention. We don't care, gtfo.
JordanFadeAway::calm down..youll get your chance to slurp the heat one day
LilDwayne21::Milwaukee needs to step their game up in the Playoffs. They've got to get their heads right.
uwisfan34::That's Jenning and Ellis, they are so streaky.  It's hard to win consistently when the majority of the offense has to go through them.  When their shots don't fall they have a hard time winning when except when the role players really step up.
LilDwayne21::This loss could be a harbinger of what's to come for the Buck's Playoff misfortunes in the Eastern Conference.
LilDwayne21::Uh huh. Chicago blew out Milwaukee. This is exactly what I expected to happen. I expected Chicago to overwhelm the Bucks with their speed, hard-nosed defense and experience and that's exactly what they did. This loss does not bode very well for the Buck's Playoff prospects. I've said this before and I'll continue to say it. It ain't no thang to beat a low-rated team like the Detroit Pistons and blow them out if you're the Milwaukee Bucks, because those are games you have to win. You don't sweat the games. However when you're playing an elite basketball team like Chicago, you've got to step your game up and bring it, and unfortunately for the Bucks they were out of sync and out of rhythm tonight against Chicago. They didn't bring it. This team cannot afford to let their success go to their heads, because they're a dark horse in the Playoffs.
mathurpalak@yahoo.com::Butler is great. But gotta love Nate Robinson!
MUBoxer16::I was there! Seeing Butler ball at what will always be his home court was legit as f*ck!!!
Its All About The Crew::The bucks just cant get to that next level there just way to streaky
Titans Win::http://espn.go.com/nba/attendance  Some notables (Sort it by PCT %):  Mavs still 1st even though they suck solid fanbase Bulls 2nd :) Knicks 10 horrible fanbase Magic 13th? Pretty high IMO Raptors 16 also pretty high Nuggets 18 really low for how good they are Bobcats 20 pretty good Hawks 25th WOW thats sad Bucks 28th lmao horrible
b735player::if anything that shows how the Bucks deserve some props, they have a playoff caliber team while also being one of the smallest market teams in the NBA. I always admire GMs that find ways to do a lot with little resources, a big reason why I like to watch the Thunder succeed
Rattmausch::Ultimately the reason fan support in Milwaukee is low for the Bucks is because the Bucks traded Ray Allen and the fans aren't gonna spend their hard earned money on a mediocre product that is never gonna win a title.  It's ultimately a Football first, baseball second, basketball third kind of state.  The Packers and Badger football are tops.. If the Pack are on and theirs a Bucks game on? Which one am I gonna watch?  The Bucks just aren't appealing and have no stars.  Illyasova is the ugliest basketball player I've ever seen plus he breaks under pressure.  Jennings thinks he's better than he actually is.  The Bucks just haven't been relevant since Ray Allen, that trade still haunts the franchise.
MrBull23::I'm not a Kobe Stopper -- Jimmy  YES U ARE!
crocket1516::I'm fine with Butler coming off the bench for now but if he keeps this up come playoff time he better get the start over rip.
tbomber2::no WAY comon guys have a little common sense.  rip is playing poor because thibs is limiting his minutes for the playoffs.  rip is the most experienced playoff vet on the bulls, and he will be very important in the post season.  not a knock on jimmy at all, hes great, but rip is the starter without a doubt.  go look at his game log from before he was injured and see that he can put up 20 a night.
KillaKane24::Assuming Rip is still wearing a Bulls uniform by then.   But that brings up a good point, do you like Jimmy starting at the 2 as opposed to backing Deng up at the 3? I think that leaves a pretty big gaping hole in our line-up that would have to be addressed. I'd rather not see Deng averaging 40 plus minutes a game again.
b735player::if deng needs rest they can always rotate jimmy to the 3 and bring in bellineli or hinrich off the bench to play the two. It's not like if you start jimmy at the two he can only play the two.
crocket1516::In the playoffs Deng will be playing 40 plus and will most likely not need a backup
crocket1516::Yeah I remember people all pissed about the butler pick. They thought the bulls could get a star SG to play right away.
MrBull23::AGREE, and an excellent defense.... what a DRAFT!
MrBull23::Jimmy BOI !!!! oooh ya... feels so good! Jimmy Boi !!!
Titans Win::C Nazr PF Taj SF Jimmy SG Marco PG Nate  I'd take this starting 5 over the Bucks starting 5 any day
b735player::lol, as much as i would like that to be true I would take the bucks 9 out of 10 times
JrueRandallHoliday::Dreamer...
brewersfan712::Bucks should pick up DJO couldnt hurt em in anyway, or get mcneal and give him an NBA chance lol lil experimenting never hurt anyone
Brewcrewtilldeath20::"The Bucks record is 24-20.  Well I have no choice but to suspend Brandon Jennings for his actions."  -David Stern
jpks11x::The bulls are going to be eastern conference champs
KillaKane24::My very pessimistic ways  have just as much to do with my opinion as your bias does with yours....so no problem there...lol.  I just have to stick with what I said from the very beginning of the season:  There's no reason to assume that we WILL beat the Heat in a playoff series until it actually happens.  Can we?  Yeah,...anything can happen in the NBA.  But we wouldn't be the favorites, not by a long shot.
jpks11x::I know my opinions are very biased but I think Rose will be even better when he's back. This guy TRULY wants to be the best and all he cares about is winning. He's only going to be smarter and I'd say he's been working on his perimeter game he's probably really improved his shooting. And what sets him on another level is his ridiculous athleticism... you see Adrian peterson bounce back after that Injury? Rose will probably do the same this guy's a beast
tbomber2::I see rose playing more of a facilitator role, at least up until the playoffs.  the biggest thing with an injury like his is getting the mental confidence to push that knee to its limits, and that takes time no matter who you are.  meaning he's not just gonna come back and average 30 and 10
KillaKane24::I hope you are right, but I'd keep that crystal ball in your pocket until we at least know how well Rose will be when he returns.
PSHS_football::Butler with the quiet 18 in 27 minutes.  The kid is growing on me.
MrBull23::LUV this KID!
KillaKane24::That's the thing about pro sports man.....you never know what gems you could be hiding on the bench until they get a chance to play.  Not saying Jimmy could have played this well last year or anything, he probably lacked the confidence at that point.  I hope he stays high on the rotation for the remainder of the season.
JordanFadeAway::beast
packersfanfrom89::I wouldn't call it quiet.  But yeah he's a player.
Brewcrewtilldeath20::The one thing that pisses me off the most is Kirk Hinrich so called "ball security"  He literally slaps/pushes the defenders hand away from a valid, clean steal attempt, like wtf?  But Not taking anything away from the Bulls they played an all around better game tonight, which I thought might happen since we left a bad taste in their mouth twice at their place.  But yea Kirk Hinrich is one of the dirtiest players
Dissention83::Dirtiest players? lol sure. Maybe your clowns should stop trying to ra.pe him while he has the ball and just play D.
J. Voorhees::How about you two butt cadets get a room.
perez-matt::lmaoooo
packersfanfrom89::Agreed.  He uses his off hand when dribbling A LOT
Windy City Stand Up::Area55andG2 - don't pretend and say chicago had the same amount of support now that they had before. _____________ Considering that attendance numbers have remained stagnant in the top three over the last 20 years for the Bulls I'd say we're pretty consistent.
Area55andG2::referring to all these espn bulls fans posting on the board. like half of you made your account within the past month
Dissention83::That's bullsh.it.
KillaKane24::Owned!  I'll throw a like on this one.
Constantinius III::Nate Robinson is grossly underpaid. I know and agree with many of the criticisms about him: He can be a chucker, hotheaded, over dribble, and in general his defense is suspect.  But a guy who can give you 20 PPG on any given night should not be making the league minimum; his "reputation" as a bad player it's pretty overstated and exaggerated.  I don't think it's fair to label him as "cancerous" either; he's always been an uplift, scoring-wise emotionally, to whatever team he's been playing for off the bench.  I'm not even him and I'm insulted by his contract.  He should be making what Jamaal Crawford's making: the MLE. There are whole lot more worse players in the NBA making a lot more.
WFullofit69::How can he not be making minimum?   Wouldn't the players association have a problem with this?
KillaKane24::Just give him a bonus every time he dunks...lol.  That $@%! was funny.  First one in a Bulls uniform, no?
tbomber2::according to nate it was his first
Brian84880::Idk how everyone has Miami running away with the East. They use those home town refs to go to the foul line like it's their job at home, and are a mediocre .500 team on the road.  Plus Chicago's already beat them without Rose.
WFullofit69::Wait until the playoffs.  The Heat have another two gears and the Bulls don't.  That's a credit to Thibs that he gets EVERYTHING out of his team, but once the playoffs come, the A game defense is played, and Bulls have already showed it.
DatGuy8921::The Heat have the refs and Stern as those two extra gears.  Bulls have what it takes to beat them.
KillaKane24::There's no clear cut number 2 team in the East, and Miami is clearly the best team right now.  That's probably why.  I wouldn't worry about their road record.  They have had road issues in the past, and both times they ended up in the finals.
Brian84880::Miami is LAST in rebounding, Bulls are tied for fifth, I can't see Miami having an easy time with Chicago in the playoffs, assuming Rose has a full recovery.
Windy City Stand Up::Illinois&gt;Wisconsin
chicityflyer87::chicagoland&gt;wisconsin the rest of the state there isn't much difference
Flying Through Madison Street::We are the only team not to win 3 in a row lets change that friday   Go bulls
J. Voorhees::Stacey King smokes a lot of weed.
Brian84880::? The Bulls won 3 in a row Dec 5, 7 and 8, Jan 2, 4 and 7, Jan 14, 16 and 18, and Jan 21, 23 and 25.
Flying Through Madison Street::sorry I must be wrong I thought stacy king said it against washington
KillaKane24::What??? We've done that four times already, twice in January alone.
Brian84880::nah 3 times
chicityflyer87::Nate has been a pretty nice pickup him and rose on the floor at once will be pretty fun to watch
BORICUBA773::Gotta love the spark he gives the bulls
Brewcrewtilldeath20::Sat 5th row in the general vicinity of where Jennings confrontation with the ref took place.  Hard to make it out exactly what he said, but it sounded like "Ngga Fuukk this stupidazz shiit"  But I feel for him, he never seems to get the calls other PG's of his size in the league get.  Look at Nate Robinson, an obvious flop, and he got other tick tack calls too.
KillaKane24::He's guilty because he smiled?!?  I did that as a 5th grader when I farted in class....but I have a hard time believing that grown men do that (not opening the door for the N. Robinson height jokes).
Brewcrewtilldeath20::No its not even up for discussion.  It was THE biggest flop of the game.  Nate Robinson was even smiling about it...
squiddy45::he was smiling when jennings got ejected because he finally got jennings to explode
KillaKane24::You can't drive your shoulder into someone like that and not expect them to call a foul.
squiddy45::Jennings should be embarrassed, letting Robinson get to him like that. He was completely outplayed and just lost control of his anger at the end. Hacked up 18 shots and shot .333. You gotta be able to receive what you dish out, and Jennings clearly can't do that. How 'bout you just play the game and keep your trap shut from now on
Brewcrewtilldeath20::When Ekpe Udoh checked in, in the 2nd and 4rth quarters, the Bulls went on their biggest runs.  He had 3 turnovers and a plus/minus of -18.  There's a bigger reason than Jennings and Illyasova
squiddy45::Of course there is, this team has a hard time playing together. I wasn't putting blame on anyone. All I said was that Jennings should be embarrassed for letting Robinson get in his head. Friday is another game
squiddy45::Either way, he got what he deserved tonight.
squiddy45::Ersan is horrible, Jennings is the reason why I haven't bashed ersan yet for his continual horrible defense. I never said he was the reason they lost either
packersfanfrom89::Have you ever played a competitive sport in your life? Clearly he was frustrated, that's just the 2nd times he's been tossed in his career. Like I said, you don't like Jennings. We get it.  He was no where near the reason we lost tonight. Why don't you talk about Ellis? Or Illyasovas atrocious defense all game? Always Jennings with you, funny your no where to be found when he has amazing games like last night.
squiddy45::He asked for it. Everyone knows robinsons game, Jennings decided last time to have some fun with him and challenge his mouth
squiddy45::Hey, Jennings wanted to get in the Robinson game the last time these teams met. Jennings challenged nates mouth last game and won, but Nate stood in there and took it. But tonight Jennings was manhandled and received all of nates trash, soon enough he couldn't take it anymore and just lost it
packersfanfrom89::Right, and Robinson who was show boating and yapping all game deserved what he got?
packersfanfrom89::Where was he talking trash lol? He was actually calm all game until the BS flop at the end. We get it dude, you don't like Jennings, get over it.
squiddy45::He doesn't talk trash, he acts like a dick instead
DaPhunksBack::it had nothing to do with Robinson, it was toward the ref for letting Robinson flop, don't just make things up
squiddy45::Please tell me you ppl are old enough to know who reggie millier is. Cuz this is what miller did every night, except to Michael Jordan. He would get in your head like Nate did to bj, and wait for you to build up anger and explode. Just ask John starks. Youre blind if you didn't see any of that tonight
squiddy45::Are you kidding me?? It had everything to do with Nate, he was talking trash to his face all game especially in the fourth quarter. Plus that was the right call. Jennings just wanted out, and get away from Nate because he knew he lost this round
iwantfrysREBORN::Jimmy Butler has been tearing it up lately. Props to the duuude
iwantfrysREBORN::Go Marquette
tbomber2::d-rose just in the locker room sitting next to butler, pissed off jimmy didnt make the rookie-sophomore game
SoxBullsBearsHawks33::Jimmy Buckets
583joe::Bulls finally hang on to a lead against the Bucks. Team should be great when Rose returns but he also needs time to work himself back in. http://midwaymadness.com/2013/01/robinson-and-bulls-stampede-past-bucks-104-88/
