Ayn Bland::All things considered, I'm happier with Jackson, Lamb, and Adams than Harden.
Elijah Rochford::Stop watching basketball...
Shawn M. Smith::Until we try to keep them next year.
Jack Dolley::I'll take a cheap Reggie Jackson over a way over paid Harden any day.
Matt Boggus::You and me both!
Isaiyas F. Marroquin::For 8 points on Harden in this game his max contract sure is looking good haha
Kyle Wait::Overpaid? I think he proved last year and this year this year that he is worth the money. You know if Jackson plays like this every night they would dump him as well right? Everyone is cheap on a rookie contract.
Jeremy Bloom::Houston fans please stop with the B2B excuses. OKC has lost 3 of their 5 on B2Bs, one w/o Westbrook and one w/o Ibaka in the second half, and you don't see OKC fans complaining.
Rohan Ravishankar::We're not complaining about B2B, it's 4 games in 5 nights. Everyone except Howard is also dealing with injuries of some sort.  Thunder at least have a deep bench, even if they're minus Westbrook.
Brian G. McKenney::Looks like OKC served Houston a order of Lamb Fries lol Shout out to Cattlemens for all the okies.
Ayn Bland::Remember when the Thunder sans Westbrook eliminated the Rockets in the first round?  That was awesome.
Matt Pilkington::Remember when Beverley made a legal basketball play and all Thunder fans got butt hurt? That was awesome as well. Quit bragging about taking an 8 seed to 6 games in a playoff series.  You were the #1 seed
Ayn Bland::Still making them dumb as ever in Texas, huh?  If that was a legal basketball play then why was it a foul?
Matt Pilkington::Cuz he went for the steal and made contact.  Doesn't make it dirty.  They didn't T him up our eject him. Still wearing the homer shades in OKC, huh?
Justin McElhaney::Love how rocket fans are using the b2b as an excuse..playing a OKC team without Westbrook when they are on a b2b makes it an even matchup...no excuses...Rockets are just outmatched...
Shawn M. Smith::Harden has 10 points on worse % shooting than Jackson...  Quit already about the harden less thunder not contending
Shawn M. Smith::Well, 8 pts.. I though he made a couple extra free throws, no dice.
Robbyn Mueller Smith::LAMBO!!!
Amir Shirazi::Howard the clown 4-14 lmao
Justin McElhaney::I have to say Perkins has definitley earned his pay over these last 2 games....hope he keeps it up because if he does no one will be able to stop OKC...
Beau Wildrix::At least Beverley is out so he can't try and injure any more of the Thunder players
Jeremy Gingrich::How did he try to injure anyone? Westbrook did the same move (trying to steal ball when a player calls a timeout) quite often too. In fact, I was sitting pretty close at the Toyota Center, when he tried the exact same move on Lin last year. So go ahead and keep that excuse in your back pocket in case you guys lose this year
Kevin Hoang::Houston can't hang with top teams.
Cam Perry::they beat my spurs twice so thats an invalid point
Bob Clampitt::Spurs are still a good team, but they're proving they are no longer an elite team this year.
Cam Perry::Bob Clampitt its too early to say that if we still lose to the top tier teams in march then ill agree with you
Daniel Roberts::Kevin Durant should be the MVP frontrunner right now.  I'm not saying he's surpassed LeBron as the best player.  He hasn't.  However, nobody has been more vital to the success of their team this year than Durant.  He is playing the best basketball of his career and has evolved into a great all-around player.
Kyle Wait::The one thing Houston has to worry about is the original Howard stopper in Perkins. Better hope the best offer for Asik isn't a WC team because he is another who can give Howard fits.
Jonathan Paltin::Jeremy Lin is worse than most good college players.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::hater. did rockets lose your bet for u! cry baby
Calvin Long::Must suck for you when someone goes to Harvard, huh?
Scott Baker::I am not a fan of the Rockets or Lin but saying that Lin is worse than a good college player is ridiculous. No good college player is going to come in and string together great games (30+ points and double digit assists) like Lin has. Had you said he was streaky I would agree, but the ludicrous nature of your comment demanded a reply.
Shoot Jung::Rockets a garbage team. Never gonna bet on them again.
Ryan Wilson::joke lose by 30 hahaha
Jeremy Bloom::OKC's defense in this game has been brilliant.
Marcleen Bavogui::7 min and only 2 points LMAO ROCKETS
Ryan Dougherty::Schedule makers put the Rockets through a 4 games in 5 nights situation with the last game on the road against a rested Thunder team during the end of the year holiday week. You can tell that our starters have no energy after playing 40+ min last nite. Hope we can climb back into this game before it's too late...
Jeremy Gingrich::yep schedule makers hate the Rockets
David Aulds::Yeah this should have been a big game but Houston is tired so its not a fair matchup!!!
Ryan Dougherty::I'm not one to make excuses for poor play, but this past week has been a rough schedule nonetheless. At least Brooks came to play tnite, we need a better bench than can help give our starters rest during times like this
Ayn Bland::Houston fans whining about B2B..  "Schedule loss"..  Etc..  Sorry..  31 points.  You sound even more pathetic than the Pacers fans did after they were blown out by 24.
Brant Stockamp::The Pacers played the Thunder on their 5th game of a western road trip that included the Clippers, Blazers, and the Spurs the night before, I think fatigue had a factor, you guys always give us problems but things will be much different when you play in Indy.
Ayn Bland::Really?  A 24 point factor?  Please.  Just stop.
Adam Mueller::There is NEVER an excuse for a 20+ point loss in the NBA when you're as talented as the Rockets or Pacers.
Shaun Mitts::Reggie Jackson basically filled up Westbrooks spot with ease.   Never thought that would happen, OKC is a monster at finding talents
Ayn Bland::But who fills Jackson's spot?  Lamb?  Then who fills Lamb's spot?  Jones III?  Yep.
Keith Rhodes::That's how Harden looks when he's not getting all the cheap calls.
Matt Boggus::When Perkins is making jump shots, you know the other team is getting destroyed. :)
Peter Peterr::Who gets more BS fouls calls from the refs... Harden or Durant? It's a shame
Marcleen Bavogui::both..
Leon Debeljak::Not KD
Rob Soldo::How old is Kevin McHale? Long life for someone with Down Syndrome
Gennie Dovic::This should be a good test for the Westbrook-less OKC team.
Pascal Peng Qin::this is also a good test for the Rockets to see how bad they are~~ cannot go too far in play-off if keep playing like this~~
Gennie Dovic::Yup
