JO3611::Kobe last 150 shots 59-150 = 38%    Lebron last 150 shots 90-150 = 64%     LOL
dblock7185::Like a Boss   Pat Riley ..
garciamichael65::HOW HEAT FANS SEE IT LBJ AT 28 1 RING MJ AT 28 1 RING HOW FANS SEE IT MJ IN 9TH FULL SEASON 4 RINGS LBJ IN 9TH FULL SEASON 1 RING
oneandonlybabe::How you should really see it: A combination of seasons played and AGE. Age is important as it pertains to body development and reaching prime years.
Deandrewish34::HOW I SEE IT LBJ BEST PLAYER IN THE WORLD
305champsforlife::If the bulls are lucky enough to get out of the first round the Heat will sweep them!
fsosa02::if they land 6th or 7th seed they only could only meet in ECF actually...
Jessev1823::GO HEAT
kaharevic::Pat Riley&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Danny Ainge
TheSixthHeatle::"Let's face it, Florida is the center of basketball right now," Obama said.
fsosa02::the world*
KingChuro::Heat post-game interviews&gt;MASTERS 2014
KingChuro::Heat are just ridiculous good and clicking right now.
305champsforlife::The bulls will get served in the playoffs partner.
tim4w5::Not against BULLS
--Td4mvp3 -::mornin!
KingChuro::supppp guh
Swagomeister3::http://guyism.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/LeBron-as-Abe-Lincoln.jpg
FREEWAYE::Daniel Day Lewis &gt; Lebron James.
Extra Crispy -::can't beat the bulls record they can't beat the lakers record and only have one lockout ring.. let me know when the heat do something
Bavomeister::They 'd beat those Bulls' and Lakers' records next year - if they start balling hard early on.
kaharevic::Championship 2006 and 2012, have two best players in the league, and best record in the league...
Mambaholic 33::Bulls &amp; Fakers this season? last season?? season before that ???
I was trying to think of a clever username but i failed::hey cutie
Extra Crispy -::Kirk just slapped Lebron down again
FREEWAYE::They were both drafted the same year...  If Carmelo gets a ring anytime in his career..2003 draft could be the first to have the first 5 players that won rings..
sumodude28::IF........
brandonlee561heat22::screw it, if you can't beat 'em, tackle 'em
Mambaholic 33::And still with 31 losses
Extra Crispy -::they did beat em
THA TRUTH 365::36 points in 32 minutes, speaks for itself
THA TRUTH 365::but kevin urant (no d) sucks on defense. he's like big papi, all offense no defense.
THA TRUTH 365::only a dozen, I shoot that many by halftime. -- kobe and kevin Durant-
Mambaholic 33::Why not? because jump shooters should go to line far more times than someone getting pounded night in and night out taking the ball hoop?
FREEWAYE::Miami fans should not talk about FT attempts..
Mambaholic 33::LOL, KFTD - better at taking 200 more FT's attempts...without that he would be shooting 47% field....guess again!
FREEWAYE::Durant is a better scorer than Lebron..And Durant doesn't lead his team in FG attempts.
brandonlee561heat22::"36 points on 20 shots!? That has to be wrong"  -Colby
brandonlee561heat22::Wait, you're saying Colby's inefficiency is due to his 7.8FTA per game?
oneandonlybabe::If not for the FTs, what then? Oh Kobe and the Lakers have made this season so entertaining. We gotta appreciate that too.
284Art::"It's really hard to have high efficiency when you shoot a dozen free throws every game." --Everybody Else
sorry if I hurt your feelings::Why doesn't he break Wilt's record for 100 points in a game?  There aren't 100 minutes in a game.
oneandonlybabe::We should just take a moment to appreciate the Jazz being back at #8 in the West!
FREEWAYE::Don't matter..The Spurs will make Emu burgers out of them.
THA TRUTH 365::sorry that' 2 years ago, still living in the past. by the way the heat are still good, and dallas with nowitzki sucks.
brandonlee561heat22::Absolutely - too funny!
brandonlee561heat22::Lebron leads Mike Brown to a coach of the year award, Colby leads him to a handful of losses and 1 week stay in Lakerland
oneandonlybabe::Ah those are plenty 'all stars' aren't they? Haha too funny. Kobe missing playoffs with a bunch of stars!!!
brandonlee561heat22::That might have been comical to some, Ill give ya that. But I will tell you what is hilarious, watching Colby night in and night out lead his team to the most epic failure in the history of the association.
oneandonlybabe::Go Kings!
sorry if I hurt your feelings::Not as funny as the Heat losing to Dallas in the NBA Finals because Wade and James had colds.
sorry if I hurt your feelings::What team has the most wins all time?
oneandonlybabe::No man I'm celebrating with the Jazz! Cheers!!!
sorry if I hurt your feelings::I guess it was for you since your feelings are hurt.
oneandonlybabe::Each one of your posts explains why you picked the word sorry for your username.
284Art::http://img.gawkerassets.com/img/189a4l4caqun8gif/ku-medium.gif  Watch Eric Spoelstra and the referee high-five during a 40 free throw Miami game
brandonlee561heat22::I remember that, Spo was standing on the court, and that ref had to tell to step back more than once. Thought he was going to get a technical, that would have sucked.
FREEWAYE::OH MY GOD..Got caught ref handed..
sorry if I hurt your feelings::LeBron should change his last name to Crawford after Joey gave him that ring last year.
fsosa02::Mods will delete this troll "create-a-gif"
284Art::They probably will, because the truth hurts
cmpledger::Apparently, to revisionist basketball historians, Lebron had plenty of all-stars on his Cleveland teams.
brandonlee561heat22::People will always try to twist things around. fact of the matter is Lebron put in his time and left due to bad ownership.
oneandonlybabe::Looks like a little strength of character is needed so you don't have to apologize all the time. Also, you need to review the meaning of the word 'plenty' and go back to watch videos of the 'so called' all stars in Cleveland.
sorry if I hurt your feelings::4 all stars apparently aren't enough for LeBron.  I especially liked when the Cavs "traded" Big Z  to the Wizards for Jamison and then he came right back to Cleveland a month later.
oneandonlybabe::'Plenty' and 'all stars' apparently mean different things in this guy's dictionary.
RNYC_125::Enjoy all of this stuff that lebron is doing b/c post 2014 it all ends and Miami "fans" will be back to raving about Art Basel, how nice Brickell is and the new hot hotels opening in Sobe.
oneandonlybabe::Ah but Pat is doing his best to keep him happy man. He may stay in Miami a while longer
oneandonlybabe::Sure but the decisions will be around Lebron not the other way around. I do believe Lebron leaves Miami but not sure it will happen so soon. Esp if they repeat.
RNYC_125::Yeah but it's not like players with the abilities of wade and bosh grow on trees. Luxury tax is looming and decisions will have to be made.
digimon.emperor::the heat &gt; all other olympic teams
sorry if I hurt your feelings::I miss being 12-years-old.
digimon.emperor::damn i forgot it was past my bed time
sorry if I hurt your feelings::If LeBron is so great how come he couldn't win a ring in Cleveland?
brandonlee561heat22::Not everyone has the luxury of playing with other HOF'ers throughout their entire career
FREEWAYE::Because they're 2 HOF that will just evolve someone else..That's what good players do.  That's True brandonlee561heat22..Their owner really did and still suck.
brandonlee561heat22::Lebron actually put in his time and left. But you can twist it any way you want. No point in wasting away in Cleveland under terrible ownership surrounded by JV players.
cmpledger::Then why do the Celtics play better without Rondo?
cmpledger::Mo only made the all-star team as an alternate and only because of lebron feeding him 3s all day. Shaq was no all-star any longer by then. Jamison was no longer an all star when he played for the Cavs. Varejao has never been an all star. Please shutup, you're an idiot.
FREEWAYE::Look at Chalmers for example..He plays with the big 3 and is crap..And look at Rondo,his big 3 helps him evolve.
sorry if I hurt your feelings::Mo Williams, Shaq, Big Z, Antawn Jamison were all-stars and Varajao would've been one this year if he didn't get hurt.  The bottom line is that LeBron QUIT on his team and his hometown.  He is no hero.  He is a Wade coat rider.
brandonlee561heat22::For a second I thought you were serious.
oneandonlybabe::"he had plenty of all stars"  Did you really say that out loud? No wonder you feel the need to say sorry every time you post.
FREEWAYE::The problem with Lebron is he makes no one better around him..Varejao and Hickson play better now..Mo Williams was good already with the Bucks..And they had players that played good before teaming with him..
brandonlee561heat22::They could be a HOF'er before or after. Please excuse me for forgetting about Ilgauskas and Mo Williams
cmpledger::Lol the 2 best players on that team besides Lebron were Varejao and Mo Williams. "plenty of all-stars" Are you $@%!$@% serious?
sorry if I hurt your feelings::Are the players HOF's before or after they win the ring?  He had plenty of all-stars on the Cavs.
stlrams2383::How about some coverage of the pens streak and not another story of the heat beating up on bottomfeeder teams?
BoBGRiFFiN2::Cindy Krozbee is my favorite player
RNYC_125::LeSPN disapproves of that message
oneandonlybabe::Perhaps you can write an email to ESPN about it?
BoBGRiFFiN2::Go Pittsburgh Peninsulas
sorry if I hurt your feelings::The only thing BoBGriFFin2 likes more than LeBron are his own comments.
BoBGRiFFiN2::LeBron &gt; Dream Team
FREEWAYE::for silver medals.
sorry if I hurt your feelings::Bob likes his own comments as much as he loves LeBron.
BoBGRiFFiN2::This Heat team is so good they would beat the 92' dream team in a 7 game series
sorry if I hurt your feelings::Well that isn't going to happen so they will just have to keep beating themselves.
RNYC_125::Front running heat fans are the worst. Even front running tiger fans are more respected.
SeminoleCounty::What an amazing 9-point win against Charlotte! Looks like a tough-fought game for your Knicks
RNYC_125::We were up 23 at one point. Game was over in the second quarter. By the way what's Seminole county isn't that close to Miami. Closer to Orlando yet you're a heat "fan". LOL
sorry if I hurt your feelings::As a Lakers fan, I am taking a lesson fron LeBron and joining forces with the Celtics.  Now my favorite team(s) have 33 championships and LeBron has one.  What a loser.
fsosa02::Top 5 basketball teams in the US. 1. Miami Heat. 2-5. Whatever who cares.
BoBGRiFFiN2::GOAT 1.LeBron 2.Bird 3.Magic 4.Wade FACT
FREEWAYE::Did you know why Magic is a great?
FREEWAYE::Stats don't make a player but so great..Everyone talks about Showtime Lakers had a squad making it easy for rings..But Kareem didn't win a ring with the Lakers until Magic showed up..Unlike Lebron in Miami..When Wade already one there 4 years back in front of Cleveland.
BoBGRiFFiN2::The greatest pg of alltime?
BoBGRiFFiN2::I dunno, cuz he won 5 titles in a 12 year career?
BoBGRiFFiN2::Is this a joke?  whats the punchline?
oneandonlybabe::Nonsense
RNYC_125::LOL good trolling attempt.
Flashandthecrew::lol at the dude saying no way the td garden will chant or cheer for Lebron. Yet the same arena was chanting MVP for Kobe.......smh
284Art::Miami obviously bought the referees. Looks like they bought the ESPN mods too.
fsosa02::that was funny, i dont respect ur views on the heat, but that was funny
FREEWAYE::About Miami and Nuggets winning streak..Miami played 11 teams that were above .500 in the 27 games ..While Denver played 8 teams that were over .500 in 15 games..Denver beat more than half the teams with over .500 records..While Miami had to play 3 even 4 teams sub .500 in a row..
oneandonlybabe::Do you know the home v road game stats? Denver def has a good home court ad with the altitude.
oneandonlybabe::Listen I like both teams. I would really like the Nuggets to reach far. But if you're going to turn around Heat stats into a negative you should be fair and concede that the Nuggets played more than half of the games in the streak at home. Goes both ways.
FREEWAYE::Yeah cause they barely play good teams in a row for some odd reason.
oneandonlybabe::No, I was asking about how many home games Denver played during the stretch and how many road games Miami played.  Btw, Miami has the second best record vs above .500 teams closely behind Spurs.
FREEWAYE::Miami road record wasn't good before their streak..The easy schedule they had in march put them back on track.
smithy639::Lebron with wade and trex...57-15 Kobrick with gasol howard and nash....37-36 LMAO!
RNYC_125::This guy is very smart.
284Art::http://img.gawkerassets.com/img/189a4l4caqun8gif/ku-medium.gif  Referee &amp; Eric Spoelstra giving a big high-five!  They're not even pretending to be impartial anymore.
smithy639::RYNC your a knicks fan?LMFAO!!! Aww u still butt hurt after 7 years of mj and the bulls DESTROYING your shite team every time in the playoffs? HA
RNYC_125::No. Not butt hurt. I can deal with losses and I respect the game. MJ the greatest player owned the Knicks.
smithy639::LMFAO!!!
284Art::"We don't complain about things like that." --Lebron James, just before spending 15 minutes whining about Kirk Hinrich
Rays_Heat_Bucs_Lightning_Awwwwyeaaaaaaaaa::On February 17 1963, identical twins were separated at birth.     Michael Jordan was destined for life as a basketball player.   Miguel Jordan was destined to become a professional poker player.    Despite their different upbringings, they were both born to gamble.
Extra Crispy -::gambling is awesome and there is nothing wrong with it. ever hear of Vegas?lol
BoBGRiFFiN2::When you gamble with those kind of people and you don't pay right away sometimes they get impatient.
Extra Crispy -::lol. okay . it's not like MJ ever made any money or anything. lol
BoBGRiFFiN2::But Jordan racked up so much gambling debt it got his own father killed
smithy639::LOL poor pathetic kobe slurpers....the heat won 27 games in a row, and won last night thanx to james 6 consecutive 3's!!! The heat have locked up the east with 11 games to go....the heat could lose 11 in a row and STILL they would finish 1st and get home court till the finals.... Lakers lose 3 more and its bye bye!!! LMFAO
rclite_espn::LeBron has the best jumper in the history of basketball
284Art::Most 4th Quarter Disappearances, Biggest Flop vs. the Smallest Defender, Most Complaining To Refs, Largest Headband in the NBA.... he's setting all the records.
What the hell is an fgcu::Your mom should of just aborted when she had r chance
oneandonlybabe::And you're keeping track of everything too! Wow
fsosa02::and best drive, best dunk, best basketball IQ, best pass... just to name a few
fsosa02::and beat them in 5... without home court
Extra Crispy -::how is a lockout title with maybe the weakest playoff run ever the best? lol  they played one real contender the entire playoffs. lol
fsosa02::followed by best title of all time?  with the best charlie horse?
rclite_espn::yes i agree with everything fsosa said
Extra Crispy -::best choke all time too.
Extra Crispy -::Lebron has a man right in front of him and he doesn't go to the left, he doesn't go to the right, he decides to go right through him and how is that a basketball move?
Extra Crispy -::because you can't just run someone over and then cry about that guy not moving out of your way. lol Lebron is not the brightest man around lol
Flashandthecrew::That's how defenders take charges, unless the offensive player is Kobe or lebron.
fsosa02::how is it not?
smithy639::Miami heat 27 game win streak.....................clippers 18 game win streak..............nuggets 15 game win streak..............La fakers 6 game win streak!!! LMFAO!!!!
RNYC_125::Not this year they won't.
RNYC_125::Kobe slurper?  LOL. Nah bud. I live in NYC.
SeminoleCounty::How bout them Knicks? Scrubs that'll get swept in the playoffs lmao
RNYC_125::Heat whine after losing
THA TRUTH 365::kobe whines while losing
284Art::Except for all the crying in the post game interviews.  "Daddy they hit me real hard! It was so unfaaaaair!"
What the hell is an fgcu::Please, Miami haters had an erection for a week after they lost.. Heat fans were ok with it
smithy639::losing?they did not lose in 27 games you pathetic kobe slurper!!!! your fakers are 9th in the west!!! LMFAO
RNYC_125::Who cares?
RNYC_125::U obviously care a lot about me.
oneandonlybabe::No, I was answering your question. Just being polite first and then after your reply to my post, just trying to be helpful, that's all!
oneandonlybabe::you do
oneandonlybabe::You care enough to complain about it. If you truly didn't care you would have skipped the whole thing. You do care whether you know it or not or want to accept it.
RNYC_125::Actually I think is pathetic to act as if its news that lebron is cheered and respected by fans of every team. So again who cares.
Extra Crispy -::yes it is a basketball move Lebron. it happens all the time so the guy doesn't give up a basket with the foul. maybe Lebron needs a basketball lesson
brandonlee561heat22::Looks like Manu will be out on Sunday, so lame
Jumpman1107::actually pop might want to rest his starters to avoid embarresment
Jumpman1107::it wouldn't suprised me if they rested all their starters becuase they are scared
284Art::It would surprise me if Lebron got one personal foul, seeing as he cried to Papa Stern so hard last time he got one.
oneandonlybabe::Nah not cause they are scared. Pop knows who his players are and tries his best to manage the season. Also he has a rebellious streak in him...
brandonlee561heat22::You know Pop, anything could happen right up until the tip-off. Hopefully it's not 'rest-gate' part 2
oneandonlybabe::Just Manu?
LeBron The GOAT12::Typical Laker or Celtic fans day: Pick nose 4 hours of porn Take dump Remind mom about the meatloaf
Extra Crispy -::Lebron charged straight into Kirk and then wants to cry about it. lol okay Lebron
Jumpman1107::i would have gotten out of the way and let him get his dunk
What the hell is an fgcu::Your still crying about this? It happened like 3-4 days ago
Jumpman1107::actually hinrich hugged him which is not a basketball move. i think thats why he's upset
Extra Crispy -::so Kirk can defend himself against a charging man that twice his size? what would you have him do just get run over? get real
killahbeezle::stop playing, Lebron is already the GOAT
Extra Crispy -::with one lockout ring and one all time finals choke? lol
Jumpman1107::haters argue about the lockout but it still counts as a ring
jeff050578::Sports fans rarely have any objectivity anymore. Anyone who says LBJ sucks is clearly an idiot or just trolling. Same goes for anyone who says LBJ is way better than MJ. People please use common sense before you post because if not it only makes you look foolish
LeBron The GOAT12::LeBron voted the biggest, baddest, best all around player to ever play the game.
LeBron The GOAT12::Hi Art did you get a job yet?
jeff050578::Only an idiot would vote lbj best player ever
284Art::by morons with dumb avatars
LeBron The GOAT12::Let's see, Heat are 28-1 in their last 29. How about your favorite team?
brandonlee561heat22::28-1 as well
jeff050578::I think the Heat could beat the Lakers streak of 33 games next year if the East stays as soft as it is and if Wade is healthy. LeBron makes all his other teammates so much better. Look at how Battier is shooting 3;s, it is because LeBrons presence makes Battier so wide open. It is the same reason guys like Kerr and Hodges were so deadly for the Bulls when MJ played. They are very good 3 point shooters who become great 3 point shooters because they are so wide open. I am not a fan of the Heat but I think they are the only team that could do it in the foreseeable future
