Erik Anthony Bell::Wow - they should give that Jimmer dude more time! That guy has some game....
Jesse Dixon::Amen, Erik!
Jon McMindes::Whose minutes would you give him? Have you seen him defend?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::erik, that doesnt happen very often, coming from someone who has seen him play since he got here.
George Chip Thayer::Best wishes to the Kings and their fans.  Go Cavaliers!    Make it 3 in a row.
Keith Dennis::Since the Cavs are terrible they have a very good chance of winning in Sacramento today.   We tend to only beat good teams.
Richard Bowman::Keith Dennis Kings are the same way.
Rashawn Foster::lets go cavs
John Stepowoy::The Cavs have been hard to watch for the most part before this week.  Then they put a really nice pair of wins together in consecutive games, following a stretch where they kept finding ways to lose close games.  They're a young team that's beginning to improve and the addition of Deng has made them a semi-formidable team for the first time since James left.
Sean Cerreta::Kyrie Irving can't shoot, will never be great. Awful.
Mike Ockeslong::Completely crazy statement.  He has an off game every now and then like every other player.  He is never going to be in the discussion for best player ever, not a chance, but will clearly be in the argument for a top 50 all time.  And that list can be considered the Greats.  Unless the Cavs work some magic and get Lebron back.  Kyrie will be gone in Free Agency.  He will end up with a contender and his career will take off.  Stat lines such as  TP:  1.8  REB:  3.0 Asst: 6.2  STL:  1.2  BLK:  0.4  Pts:  22.1,  I say that is pretty darned good.  Nothing Awful there.
Sean Cerreta::Mike Ockeslong cant shoot.
Matt Mossman::What? Did somebody say Kyrie will be a top 50 ALL TIME!?!?!? Kyrie isn't even close to the top at his position in the NBA right now. How is he going to jump to top 50 all time? He's a guy who is probably in that top 15-18 range at PG in the NBA. He's not an All-Star. He's just another guy.
Javier Fernandez::Free Jimmer!
Ernest Bagdasaryan::His getting his mins lately, but dont worry he will be free after this season. He will be a free agent, most likely for a season or 2 !
Javier Fernandez::Ernest Bagdasaryan , we will be swept up in less than ten minutes. The quality teams know potential. The Kings are perennial cellar dwellers.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Javier Fernandez Kings are on a 3 game winning streak so far, we beat the pacers, and destroyed magics/cavs ( as bad as they are, still an nba team ) I think our record will be alot better next season with additional talent.
Chad Wiggins::OH MY GOODNESS, here we go with the king announcers saying isiah thomas is getting the best of kyrie irving…   they did the same garbage with lillard, until pumped in like 30 in the fourth quarter, then they laid off… I'm sorry for the news, but isiah thomas (the kings version)  is not in the same league as lillard, or irving… and thats a fact….
Richard Bowman::compare IT's numbers with Kyrie's...
Jon McMindes::They were right during the Portland game. Just because Lillard went crazy jacking up threes in a loss doesn't change everything that came before that
Chad Wiggins::Richard Bowman hit me up with that in ten years… who would u rather have…
Greg Lubowicz::Good thing the Cavs hired a defensive minded coach, otherwise they would have lost by 84 instead of 44.
Stanley Ng::God..why does Bennett have to be such total garbage. Wish that first round pick for Cousins happened.
Aaron Barton::kings were never going to make that trade, that was a dream made up by cavs fans.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::when was this, i never heard of cavs trade rumors for cousins.
Aaron Barton::Ernest Bagdasaryan it was a made up rumor before he signed his extension right after the new ownership took control.  it was not even close to being legit.
Las Vegas IM::The total has gone OVER in 9 of last 13 games when playing on the road against Sacramento Sacramento: The total has gone OVER in 9 of last 11 games The total has gone OVER in 7 of last 10 games at home Current total by sportsbook ms is 206
Troy C Robinson::This is why NBA basketball sucks.  How in the hell does any NBA team ever beat another by 44 points?  Thats a team that failed to even show up...what a disgrace.
Marcleen Bavogui::its cleveland.. the hell did u expect.?
Nicholas Loizou::What a disgraceful performance from my Cavs. I thought we had turned the corner. Back to our pathetic best. Hang your heads in shame you bums.
Justin Balogh::I honestly see the Cavs doing really well the rest of the season. Possibly good enough for playoffs. I know it's just a 2 game win streak but in those 2 games, the Cavs have looked great. Plus, the east sucks this year. So anything is possible.
Vladimir Tsalyuk::I c the cavs sucking more then ever..are u crazy or something? they got rid of their second best player and picked up the worst in the league
John Stepowoy::Vladimir Tsalyuk you couldn't possibly be less intelligent about basketball.  Luol Deng isn't as good as the man with the bionic knees with a horrible attitude?  Get a clue man.
Kurt Vouk::Vladimir Tsalyuk - you have to be joking.  If not, please enlighten us and explain how you could possibly think what you wrote.
Keith Dennis::Wow that Cavs team is worse than I thought.  I left the game at the end of the 3rd quarter.. first time I have left a game early this year.   Go Kings!
Wild Silverback::I've never seen a worse 3rd quarter, from a team, than I saw tonight from the Cavaliers... Absolutely ridiculous.
Wild Silverback::Nice 2nd Half Cavs.... BWAH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!
Cvete Karamacoski::Kings are going to make the playoffs next year. I guarantee it. Joel Embiid is the missing piece.
Marcleen Bavogui::in the west? good luck
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Depending on who we draft, and who we pick up in FA, we might have a shot at the 8th seed next season.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::44 pts game so far, huh ! gotta try to at least keep it respectable, are cavs rigging for that 1st pick again.
Adam Youman::This is pathetic..oh well go kings bring the bulls that draft pick!
Ernest Bagdasaryan::kings are not good enough to fall out that top 12 protected pick.
Adam Youman::Ernest Bagdasaryan they sure played like it tonight.
Marcleen Bavogui::Adam Youman lol the cavs make the worse teams in the league look good. 44 point beatdown.. they shouldnt get any check for this game
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Feel bad for cavs fans, team has been in a black hole since james left.
Aaron Barton::Which was a worst #1 pick, Kwame brown or Anthony Bennett?
Ernest Bagdasaryan::As of right now, Bennett, but its only his rookie year.
Yinan Chen::Kyrie honestly isn't that great.
Taylor Manes::He's not good at all...
Jeeves Sritharan::2nd dunk missed by williams - wtf
Jon McMindes::Ha, I was thinking the same thing
Wild Silverback::Just a horrible  game... Unreal.
Alfonso Corral::malone should play ray mac
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Kings got this one !
