Uan theTruth::Vasquez and McLemore had a really poor game on the defensive end.  IT gave up so many points on defense as well.  It's great that these guards can score but the KIngs need all around players.
LEO::Do you know how ridiculous and stupid you Sacramento hicks look with your silly cowbells?  They have never worked...Lakers continue to own you no matter who bought the Queens!  Get used to being a bottom feeder!
BendGod::The Black Mamba is back buttercups. How sweet it IS.
JP::what does Dantoni have against Jordan Hill?  He might be the lakers best player per min.  He needs to start getting 30+min a night for like a month, his numbers would be double-double for sure.  14min tonight, 9rebs, 4offreb, 2 blks, I mean come on, quit hating on him already, play him you moron
Homer Fudd Jr.::I realize this is the Lakers board and all but something is weighing on my mind. I heard the same bandwagon bus that takes fans to the Clippers games also gives tours of gay West Hollywood after the games; citing all the best locations for a gay pick up. If this is true I need to complain to Clipper management.
Tony Anthony::How many times will Cousins turn the ball over? Oh well this game's over anyways.
laker fan 1989::What a dumb coach the Kings have. Isiah Thomas was killing us not only with points, but dude had 9 assist in 25 mins! I know Ben was hot from long range but either make Ben play SF or let Isiah replace Vasquez. If Isiah played 33mins plus I think the Lakers would have lost this one. Luckily the coach did us a favor and kept isiah out for most of the 4th.
Don'T Feed Dooley::All you Laker fans who are wondering why you are getting all the backlash - After years of your self-righteous, pompous bragging about your basketball team and all their successes, as in life all things must end. Now prepare to endure the other end of the sword...... payback isabitch, ain't it.  I love acting like I am a tuff guy when you can see from my picture I am just a fat slob with an uglywife, 3 fugly kids and I live with my mother.
Tony Anthony::With Kobe this team might grab the 6th seed. It all depends on the chemistry after he returns on Sunday.
Jim::Lakers are just a little over .500 team.  Face the facts.  It is not what it used to be when the Lakers were the top team in the NBA and had the top superstar with the top management and owner that strived to be the best.  Beating the queens during regular season and getting excited about it? Sad to see how far we have declined.
