fidel castro ruz 35.0::Good job pistons, everyone had you winning 15-20 games only for this year. Along with 25 wins they were very competetive in a lot of other games and lost quite a few games by 3 or less.
chitownbullsinseven::I’ve been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for  anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and is tired of not winning your bets
bamberg1977::Ben Wallace was one of the greatest defenders of all time. He created as many charges and steals as he did shot blocks. And his range and help defense were unbelievable. Truly took over games down the stretch in his prime, which I've never seen a defensive player do other than him.
willd54::Thanks for all the GREAT memories Big Ben....One of THEE greatest shot blockers and defenders of all time .. You will be missed...
chuckyg2::In a screaming voice "You guys sucked! No effort, no focus, no heart, don't make comments to papers about who you'd rather play, then turn around and put forth this type of effort, especially when that team's 3rd string wins by 32, and our 2nd string lose by 22! Get focused!   Staring at E. Turner. ( E. Turner - 10 pts.  &lt;   John Lucas 25 pts.)                                            - Doug Collins
J-SMOOVE2077::tank tank tankt tank tank tank tank
jfreeland88::Ben gordon - 8 3's in 1 game Bobcats= 7 wins in 66 games.
Chicagocold312::Bulls/76ers schedule just announced: http://www.nba.com/bulls/news/playoffs_2012.html
sethbball20::Well so long to my fellow Piston fans for the season. Hope to see you guys on the Tigers boards, and looking forward to the progressions of this franchise. Go Tigers! Go Pistons! Go Wings! Go Lions!
a_tizzy::don't forget lottery and draft day
jfreeland88::Rieff!!
sethbball20::I won't
GODSATWAR::Sixers wanted the Bulls and played like it. Karma...
sethbball20::This seems to be a tremendously weak draft though
MansGame5313::So long Big Ben hope ya have a great retirement
trademarktaz::Ben Wallace should be hired exclusively to show Austin Daye how to add muscle.
a_tizzy::lol. This guy freaking went to play in russia during the lockout, and hated the food there and came back skinnier!
a_tizzy::I hope he stays part of the organization, he would make a great athleticism or weight room trainer. He has a strong basketball IQ like Rasheed. I can see one of them with a coaching job in the future.
MirBay_Watson::Thank you Doug, for FINALLY doing something right.  Tank this game. it meant nothing anyways. They match-up better with Chicago than Miami.  Philly can get 1-2 games out of this, 3 if they focus offensively.
tank_dogg06::Sixers have competed well against the Bulls. Their two wins are by a combined 14 points and they also lost the first meeting.
Stryker Rip Strongheart::They can get 2 if they focus offensively. 7 games? That's more than a bit optimistic. I'm thinking 4-1.
trademarktaz::Season over Pistons fans, who should we get in the draft? I'm thinking a PF or should we just take the best player available?
trademarktaz::What would you guys think about the following names:  Tyler Zeller Meyers Leonard  Two 7 foot and over centers who could be solid pros, would we be aiming too low?
Stryker Rip Strongheart::Zeller sounds good on paper...I like Perry Jones just a little bit better. They're both great picks.  Meyers Leonard...no. He's got height...other than that? No post moves to speak of, poor defensively, not a great ball handler, doesn't facilitate ball movement, etc. I just don't like his style of play.
sethbball20::Leonard was unimpressive this year. The softest player on the court most of the time, makes bad decisions, and just doesn't assert himself.
a_tizzy::oh man, i just got goosebumps imagining if we won the lottery lol. As long as Cleveland doesn't win it again, I will be content.
Stryker Rip Strongheart::Andre Drummond seems like the best choice in terms of availability...we're not getting Davis, at any rate. But I don't like the look of Drummond, he seems like he'll be a bust in a few years.  Terrence Jones would be an awesome grab. T-Rob is also a slim chance but if we can get him, even better. I like Jones, though, and we have a decent shot of getting him.
Stryker Rip Strongheart::Yeah. I'm thinking that between Terrence and Perry Jones I'd rather have Perry...we need the size and his style of play fits. But either guy would be a good pick.  Zeller looks nice too. Dunno if we could get him.
sethbball20::Yeah I'm not a fan of Drummond. I love Robinson though, but we probably won't be that high.
trademarktaz::I hope we move up in the lottery.  I'd like Perry Jones.
sethbball20::Perry Jones maybe?
lionstigersspartyomy::Perry is a $@%!$
sethbball20::He's ok, just needs to be quicker with some of his post moves at times. A complete liability on defense though. No shot blocking ability and slow on his feet. (Sully)
trademarktaz::Perry Jones has some great potential but he was shakey this year. He could probably be everything Daye was suppose to be but hasn't been.
Stryker Rip Strongheart::I second that Perry Jones would have good synergy with Knight...I don't like Sully, he's a bit soft although he has great potential.
a_tizzy::that's true, if we get him though they have to trade or cut Daye
sethbball20::I just like that he can run the floor. Fits in well with Knight who loves to push the ball.
a_tizzy::isn't he too skinny? at the spot where they are now I'd prefer sullinger
a_tizzy::i think if they can get a big man, someone taller than 6'9 please, they should, with ben retiring, and hopefully maxiel leaving, they can keep Jerebko coming off the bench along with Macklin now. Maybe Singler comes back as the back up SF, not sure what they will do with Daye.
Stryker Rip Strongheart::As a longtime Pistons fan, I hope you enjoy retirement, Big Ben...you gave us some great years and one really awesome one in 04.   As an even longer-time Bulls fan...god, I'm just really happy we get to see Evan Turner in the first round.
Stryker Rip Strongheart::Also, really excited to see how the Pistons develop over the next few years. Lawrence has done an awesome job with this team (.500 over the last 42 games!), and with a strong draft coming up and a young roster we can only go upwards from here.
sethbball20::Tom Gores: ''We better make the playoffs next year''. Woah there. I like the enthusiasm, but ease up a little. Frank has done well, and even if they don't make the playoffs next year, it's not a failure, as long as we improve. Baby steps here.
a_tizzy::if they play the same way they have been, that's .500, worst team to make the playoffs only 4 games above .500. And the only way to go now is up.
Chicagocold312::Doug collins gets my vote for COY for the incredible game he coached tonite.
xchuck::Doug could have coached this game from his hotel room. Easy win for the Sixers by losing
sethbball20::I didn't see him get up from his seat one time.
Chi_City_Bulls::The 76ers: Where Tanking Happens
Cubswin56::http://gifura.orzhk.org/src/1332235315120.swf  gordon postgame interview!
sethbball20::Or does that stand for cubs win 56 games? Because that would make sense.
sethbball20::Cubs win? Shut up
sethbball20::4-20 start, 21-21 finish. Love the improvement.
a_tizzy::the real fans know what's up
sethbball20::And Rose was playing in that CHI game. But yeah, the team has played hard all year, and I like what I saw from the young guys. I think we go after an athletic wing player in the draft. And we must improve our bench as well.
a_tizzy::yeah...I forgot chicago, that was brutal towards the end. That first miami loss, the one where Daye exploded, that's when the team started to turn things around in my opinion, big confidence boost even tho it was a loss.
sethbball20::Yes and we would have beaten Miami, Chicago and  SA  if the refs wouldn't have decided to do us dirty.
a_tizzy::lol, or start questioning their own lives when their team is losing to the Pistons. Were you there when we gave the Spurs a run for their money? or beating Atlanta, Boston twice, LA (almost both teams). Hilarious!
sethbball20::Yessir. I hate when people come out and say '''Pistons suck'', when they neglect to watch and fail to see the growth and improvement.
lionstigersspartyomy::People blaming Ben for the brawl should be blaming Harden for the elbow that hit him
a_tizzy::a little after the brawl, Artest challenged Ben to a street fight, but Ben didn't back down, and later Artest retracted his statement saying something like.... I meant when both of our careers are over we should have a boxing match
sethbball20::Lol I remember that
sethbball20::Artest actually called Ben out before that, told him that he was going to ''get him'', and he did. Ben had a right to be pissed. And Artest is a tool anyway, he shall take the blame for everything. His mother should be ashamed to have let him onto this earth.
trademarktaz::Ben Wallace, fear the fro, defensive star, real Detroit basketball!  Good times.
Chicagocold312::have a good summer.
a_tizzy::all the players should wear headbands every game
Gamham34::http://gifura.orzhk.org/src/1332235315120.swf - ANDRE IGUDOLIA AT HIS BEST... THIS IS EPIC
WeaponXDawkins03::Why the 6'ers want bulls so bad? knicks wanted them too but won last night by accident
Visionz311::No offense to Detroit, as they have been playing pretty good of late, but that basically just shows how much worse Philly's bench is than NY's.
sethbball20::Haven't seen one fan besides Pistons fans pay their respect to Ben Wallace. I know you are excited about the playoffs and all, but at least take a second to recognize one of the hardest workers and greatest defenders in the game, who probably just played his last game tonight.
xchuck::You ran the greatest 6 foot guard to ever play the game.... Allen Iverson out of your  town...and you want us to give a  fond farewell  to Ben Wallace?  Kiss my big philly hoagie
lionstigersspartyomy::AI ruined the Pistons. Suck my Detroit dick
lionstigersspartyomy::I posted something on the Heat board and at least a couple people said something good about Big Ben.
lionstigersspartyomy::Michigan &gt; your crappy state. And no one's whining you ret.ard
best_man_for_the_GOB::All you Michiganders quit being little whiny b!tches. Geez
WeaponXDawkins03::and lets remember that brawl too, 'great guy".... NOT!
sethbball20::Artest told Wallace beforehand that he was going to get him, so it's no wonder that Ben was pissed. Anything involving Artest is going to be Artest's fault, no doubt about it.
lionstigersspartyomy::don't blame Wallace for that. Blame Artest for being a $@%!$@% and charging into the stands.
a_tizzy::players push and shove all the time, nobody asked ron to lie down on the scorer's table
Chicagocold312::great tank job Philly...
truthu2::76ers realized the sad truth...they really didn't have to "tank".
52goldfinger007::Bobcats will be in the Guinness Book of World Records..........
Chris652224::they threw this game played no defense what so ever jus so they could play the bulls instead of the heat why so scared
nightbladehunter::cause they know they would lose in 4 or 5 to Miami...at least vs Chicago they might believe they have a chance. They don't, but they can believe it.
KKush6::Heat vs Knicks! Woooooooo
sethbball20::Good luck in the playoffs Sixers fans. I love the way Doug Collins re-established your franchise. Wouldn't mind if you upset the Bulls.
Chicagocold312::not gonna happen...
sethbball20::That sent chills down my spine. Crowd got Big Ben into the game one last time. Again, if this is the end, thank you Ben Wallace. You are my all time favorite Piston.
Visionz311::I love how Doug Collins said before the game that he didn't want to get into "jockeying for position" and that he believes that a team should play to win every game and then does the exact opposite thing by sitting all of his starters.
--..bullster..--::see you saturday
Julie.Again::As I was typing congrats Ben, he's not sure he's retiring.  Hope he stays.
gsin1202::Wow.  NBA rigging all second half overs with the exception of the Nuggets game.  Good job!
lionstigersspartyomy::<b> Congrats Ben Wallace. Hopefully Chauncey and Rip retire Pistons too.</b>
trademarktaz::Metta World Peace still fears Ben Wallace
Sandy_Thomas136956::get your fantasy fix daily   Great NBA tournaments every day: http://bit.ly/IfDj3k
SWAG_WOOP_WOOP::GOT DAMN SIXERS AREN'T EVEN TRYING TO HIDE THE FACT THAT THE'RE TANKING
lionstigersspartyomy::That crowd is pathetic...
greenmiamicat::haven't been the same since Ron Artest attacked them
lionstigersspartyomy::*since 2009
bm258192::Pathetic
lionstigersspartyomy::That's a foul?
pippen will destroy any perimeter player::76ers have a losers mentality, its probably cause they lose all the time
BigBasketBallz::76ers dont have to tank, they would lose anyway
priyankt::Evan Turner is a puss y
priyankt::grow some balls evan
lionstigersspartyomy::<b> I'm supposed to be doing homework right now but i'd rather watch Ben Wallace's last game. Thank you Ben for all those great seasons (minus the 2006 offseason).</b>
Bxyanks2012::Beat The Bulls, 76ers!!!1
GetOffMeDude::Guess what Turner, the Bulls want whoever is in 8th seed.
