Jeremy Gingrich::I like CP3 and all but man he is the biggest sore loser I have ever seen in sports. First he cries after a clean block and then he tries to take the ball from Bogut after the game was over. That was pretty weak tho
David Zink::Worst call all year.  You just made it ok to send junk players after a star to get him ejected.  Bogut has always been an instigator and now you just rewarded him for it.
Dakota Mckenzie::The only way the warriors can win
Nils Headley::Ironic since Griffin is the biggest flopper since Divac.
Dakota Mckenzie::He does flop but have you seen fisher play? Lol
Andrew Brand::Remember last year in the playoffs when mark Jackson's accused the nuggets of sending hitmen?  he does it twice to get griffin ejected... Definition of hypocrite. Stay classy Jackson.
Braden Rikli::scale of 1-10 how angry are you
Sawyer Fletcher::Blake Griffin and the rest of the clippers are definition of a dirty team....there's a reason why griffin gets the technical, you just can't see it on tv.
Eddie Cruz::hey braden, consider making a dummy account on here, your default is the most hideous thing i've ever seen.
Chad Wiggins::hey barry u moron rewind back to when griffin punches green in the neck, and u will see this to be sweet justice... green got baiting by that little b blake, and got tossed... now griffin gets the same fate.... JUSTICE
Chad Wiggins::terrible call on that play.... but justice for the punch that griffin got away with earlier....
Jason Galley::Clippers seem to be some serious pansies tonight. CP3 getting in the official face and barking at him because of a clean block. Then he has to throw another temper tantrum at the end of the game. Should Blake have been tossed on the 2nd tech, no, but there is a reason people target him, he isn't innocent. One things for sure, that was an entertaining game!
Kemala Martin::Clipper fans complaining about the T on Griffin, yet turn a blind eye to Paul not getting a T after he berated the official about a clean block, take this L like men instead of sounding like some lil BIIIIIIAAATCH!!
Wayne Polk::They sound like some BIATCHES!!! Just like Griffin!!!
Josh Shure::Wasn't arguing about the block itself, should have been a blocking foul on Kent Bazemore for being underneath him when he went up for the shot.
Sean Bakhtiar::Josh Shure CP3 said after the game it should have been a charge anyway.
Jonathan E. Collins::I'm a rockets fan and that technical foul call on Blake Griffin, for just appearing to be mauled by Bogut and not retaliating in any way, was the most pathetic technical I've ever seen.  What makes it worse?  It was viewed on replay.
Jason Galley::Anyone see CP3 (after he smacked the ball in descent of the ref) yell literally right in the face of the ref? I cannot believe he didn't get a tech for that. If he wasn't a star that is a guaranteed tech, that really bothers me about NBA refs. Not only do stars not get called for and get better calls their way, they get away with actions that are clearly technical worthy. Another example, LeBron hung on the rim for over 8 seconds today, not a big deal accept for I've seen many other players get T'd for that before...
Paul Pk Kim::Clipper Fan and I agree with you but it doesn't even compare to how the league was refd during the Magic and MJ days.  You couldn't even TOUCH MJ.  Oh yeah... it was proven, some of the refs were FIXING the games.   Not just Timmy D... there were more.
Chris Stolmeier::CP3 is probably the biggest baby and flopper in the league. Even though he is a great player, I have lost respect for him as a man.
Tom Cooke::Chris Stolmeier  It must be tough ricocheting all night off bigger heavier players.  I tend to believe I would fake it myself...CP3 is the best point guard...
Ben Hoye::I like GSW, but the refs in that game were terrible
Jigz Tan::i like both but you can predict the outcome at in Las vegas big pay day for refs
Josh Jordan::This has potential to be very entertaining.   Warriors win
Jigz Tan::nice win i won big too bet against the people las vegas baby
Daniel McKenzie H-Berg::Jigz Tan wow bro you must have won some money huh? I could tell by your 15 posts...this a basketball conversation not a gamblers anonymous meeting...
Marcus Steinbauer::One of the premier FLOPPERs in the league, Blake Griffin, calls the GSW 'cowardly' - really Blake? I mean really?
Chad Wiggins::I LOVE BOGUT... SUPER SMART move
John Udouj::That technical on Griffin is ridiculous. Almost as bad as that personal foul called against the Niners on Monday. I'd like to see the W's pull this out, but not with these BS calls. We need more accountability for refs.
Renaldo Gordon::Horrible officiating
Jigz Tan::Las vegas baby
Daniel McKenzie H-Berg::Curry is 3rd in all star voting behind broke knee KOBE!? Warriors fans you better get your butts on that ALL star voting before I come find you all ;-) its free you don't have to sign up and can vote unlimited times C'MON dub nation
James Ingram::Kobe being voted to the All Star team is like those times a dead person wins an election...  people just voting on name recognition and nothing more.
Wayne Polk::All Star voting is a joke. Popularity contest pure and simple.
Oscar Rojas::Curry is better than Poul.
Kemala Martin::And water is wet
John Tabasz::Negative. Don't think so. Paul is 1 or 2 in the league with Westbrook.
Sam Constance::So, it's apparently a technical foul to have the collar of your jersey grabbed by an opponent and pulled around?  That's one of the most bush-league plays I've seen in awhile from Bogut. He was clearly trying to get something started with Griffin because everyone knows that mindless NBA refs will call a double technical every time there is a scuffle between two players.  Full disclosure: I have no care in who wins/loses this game.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::I think they wanted Blake to sit down and/or get dragged around.
Ayn Bland::Nothing Griffin hasn't done.  Last season Ibaka had to nutpunch the idiot before he'd let go.
Sam Constance::Ayn Bland I don't follow the Clippers enough to have any idea what Griffin has or hasn't done in the past.  Plus, his history has nothing to do with the fact that Bogut's play was chickensh*t. I don't watch the NBA to see which team can get the highest number of their opponents' best players out of the game. I watch to see two teams play basketball.  Bogut's play was essentially the Warriors saying that they are afraid to face the Clippers with Blake Griffin.
Ayn Bland::It's normally Griffin inciting another in order to have them ejected.  Why the huge freakout?  Turnabout is fair play.
Stephen Moulton::And these refs keep showing why the NBA has the worst officials of any sport.  Unexcusable...
Wesley Edward Antrim::Inexcusable too
Jigz Tan::Who cares they got big christmas bonus from Las Vegas
Paul Sprague::Smart play Bogut. Horrible job NBA
Jigz Tan::yeah i won because of that thanks Vegas
Chad Wiggins::stfu jon berry
Ken T::Just turned off the game because of the dumb color guy whoever he is. Bet he's a sports writer whose only on tv because espn had so many games on today. Blake started the mess by grabbing Bogut. Good game but can't stand listening to a moron.
Nicholas Holloway::This is the second time I've seen Bogut start a fight and not get thrown out. The first time was against the Blazers. I'm not even a Clipper fan and I find that to be BS.
Kemala Martin::Curry plays the best under the bright lights. The human torch goes for 30+pts 10+ast, lee goes for 20/10 game, the Aussie gets 15+reb  and Barnes his the game winner.... And 5+ flops for the kia flopper
Vladimir Tsalyuk::all that and clippers will still beat those ladies
Kemala Martin::Don't u have to go do your eyebrows or paint your nails or something
Jake Pool::Curry is broke as Fu Ck tonight,sorry buddy.league caught up to him,just gotta get in his face
Cali Native::CP 3 will punish the people who bet on the Warriors.  Never bet against CP 3.  You are better off just burning your money.
Jesse Lucero::To bad it can't translate in the playoffs
Angel Payano::Too bad his team doesn't show up in the playoffs
Sawyer Fletcher::Say what!?
