Matt::Lifetime Jazz fan here, and I am saying that it's time for the Jazz to start putting out the feelers for a new coach.  I was never really sold on Corbin in the first place, and he hasn't done anything to change my mind.
Shane F::Jazz are #$%$ kanter was 14 points and 7 boards n first half then they gave up on him. What a lousy coach. If they kept feeding him the ball they would of won the game. He should of had 30 points he was destroying offensively. I thin he got 1 or 2 more shots after the half
Commenter::Now Harden finally wakes up!
Devin H::Biedrins, Brandon Rush (or Jimmer who is on the market) and Burke will be great upgrades over a inexperienced Rudy gobert, Mike Harris and Lucas 3.   Corbin is dumb for throwing Gobert into the fire so soon...Goibert is young and this could be a huge setback to his development.
EM::Generally, the Jazz tend to have the Rockets number throughout the years.
Victor Wong::Beverly isn't point guard material, all he does take open three other players create for him, no court vision, can't penetrate, tell with what aspect of Beverly game better than JLin.
Devin H::acquiring Jimmer would be a great move..if A burk could move into the starting SG slot, letting Haywood play at SF. Jimmer would be a good 6th man and backup pg. Whatever defensive lapses he has (he is a much better defender than advertised) can be negated with Utah's huge front line.
WeNeedWorldPeace::Lin probably learned defense skills from Patrick Beverley. His D is pretty good today.
Commenter::lin should not be the starter he is the main reason why the rockets were down early, also they need to stop forcing the ball into the post with howard and just let them game come to him with pick and rolls till it opens the post up.  Alo you lin tards need to go away because you keep comparing lin top beverly when he has not even been on the court, lin will be better as the 6th man so you lin tards go f yourself
YIK::Yahoo - 0.489 is NOT a percentage, it is a fraction! Percentage would be 48.9%. Did you outsource this?
