Rolltide4203::when is al harrington coming back?
Telkalynn3013::Man who knows but I'm sure the day he comes back he'll be on the trading block the next.
scottsvb1::Alonzo Gee needs to go to DBall  He's Horrible. I watched the game, he was lazy and looked lost out there most of the game. Even in the highlights... watch #33  he got pushed around, was out of position, made TO's,  just down right BAD.   I don't want to see him play 1 more minute on the court. He's not a basketball player for the NBA standard... and he plays 0 Defense...that's the Cavs main problem, lack of D and he's to blame when he's out there.  If the Cavs keep playing Gee, we will lost 85% of the games with him on the court more than 10 minutes of game time.  Note to Scott: Bench him or you will be looking for another job 1/2 way through this season.
Rolltide4203::gee is by far the best defender on the team what the hell are u talking about? and hes actually pretty good.. gets a ton of steals, rebounds well, and has been scoring well
rafaszola::Hey gee? Is that you??
Magic are better than you::Hell yeah magic!!  love ya!
YenxRenx::Have to admit the Cavs have played far better WITHOUT Kyrie the BUST...
ricky2213::yea he is a bust for sure..Rookie of the year means nothing and averaging over 20ppg this yr..He is horrible..Oh i forgot one of the most clutch players in the NBA..I dont want him on this Cavs team
BudokaiJones::Magic win, Lakers lose. Tonight, all is right in the NBA.
OSUBUCKNUTS2009::1 lebum-cavs=suckie cavs
bjoellevine::Check you rmath.  Its Cavs - LeBum.
stern_hates_small_markets::cleveland goes down, and ohio state is about to follow suit. go blue!
stefen12345::Whos 11-0? The bucks yeaaaa thats right go hide with ur meatchicken( wat i call michigan) fans
OSUBUCKNUTS2009::lol yeaaaaa GO bucks!!!!
jholland2323::Hope you like disappointment
SAFrankSU::Waiters NBA MVP
jimkamlowsky::Tristan Thompson is a waste of space.
TheCronoMasterMind::Good job Magic on the win, glad to see them close out a close one :) this team is better than they have been given credit for, and with hope, they'll get better each game :)
TheBrownestBob::Start Tyler Zeller at the 4.  Tristan isn't an offensive threat, and 3 defensive rebounds in 28 minutes of work just isn't cutting it for our starting power forward.   Tyler has no where near the muscle mass that Tristan has but he managed twice as many defensive boards in about the same amount of time and was an offensive threat.  Maybe Tristan will learn to work on his footwork and decision making by getting benched.
mafbest::varejao all-star this season ?
Frank_Einstein1921::I don't know if he will thanks to the new NBA All-star voting (back court+ front court)
YenxRenx::All-Stars don't play .250 ball....it would be incredibly embarrassing to run out onto the court with winners who really deserve to be all-stars, knowing he is a loser.
ricky2213::Go Jets lol
ricky2213::You sir are an idiot.
drizzy wayne::He will make it this watch and see
DrawohWasHere::If he can stay healthy.    He should've been last year, but was injured.
Telkalynn3013::I've said it before, in a couple of years with a lottery pick or two, the Magic are going to be NICE.
DrawohWasHere::I agree.    Good mix of good veteran role players and some fine, interesting young players right now.   No top tier players as of yet, but good over all team.
DrawohWasHere::Close game.    FT hurt the Cavs and Redick couldn't miss.
kbell140::coming out of college JJ was not a complete nba player.  no doubt hes turned into one because of his incredible work ethic and intelligence.
Telkalynn3013::You'll also have to add humility into that.  Even he has said it was hard to accept his role in the beginning.  It looks like he has accepted his role as a very competent sixth man now.
MagicBoltzRays::only 2 turnovers in the 2nd half. better.
lionheart304::i would of like to seen jeremy pargo play the last two minutes
JohnsonnnL::Let them inbound to the best free throw shooter every time great strategy.
DrawohWasHere::Don't double team that guy = bad strategy.
UCF knights 21::As much as I hate Anderson Varejao, he's an amazing rebounder.
DrawohWasHere::Magic fans would love Andy on their team.   IN fact, I think every fan of every team would love having him on their team.   Pure energy.   NEVER gives up.    Master at pick and roll/ pick and pop.     Offensive rebounder.
kbell140::everyone who plays fantasy knows varejao is a stud.
Dunkmachine1313131313::Agreed.
Roge3471::u talkin about two years ago w/ lebron man lol he doesn't flop anymore. did he flop like a fish today? surely he wouldve been fined by now right?
UCF knights 21::Only 1 person has been fined so far. Does that mean every other player in the league doesn't flop? No.
Roge3471::how can anyone hate the Wild Thang??!
UCF knights 21::He flops too much.
lionheart304::I like TT but he needs to develop a post game because every time he grabs the rebound and tries to put it back he gets block.
DrawohWasHere::He's holding on to the ball TOO long.    His D is excellent for a sophomore PF and has a wicked good left handed hook for those short 4 footers.    Then again, you can only shoot that left handed hook from one side of the net.  Zeller is passing him up in terms of O and all around play.    However, Zeller will have to put some meat on his bones.
chris johnson 558::boston sucks
SRStark20::Take it easy Magic fans.
Roge3471::gg magic. yall played hard
redskinkristian::magic win,now i can brag to my cavalier fan friends
DrawohWasHere::Orlando, In My Humble Cavalier Fan Opinion, has a very good mix of veteran role players to go with some interesting young players.
stefen12345::Jameers the guy who runs our offense
dekenfp32730::In the win column does it say how much you won by? I'm sorry that must be a new thing.
Roge3471::lol "runs" your offense vs "is the ONLY offense". orlando has scorers, multiple options, u know that.
Dunkmachine1313131313::We're 29th in points per game. We don't "have" a scorer. We have a "distributor" who gets open shots and easy buckets for everyone else. No one player dominates on the Magic.
Roge3471::^^ who the hell are those guys compared to Kyrie?? he WAS our offense
Dunkmachine1313131313::Turk RUNS our offense most of the time. And Al Harrington is a formidable backup.
dmankyser::NO KYRIE AND BY 4 POINTS, SO THE WIN REALLY ISNT BRAG WORTHY
Dunkmachine1313131313::No Turk and Al Harrington. Everyone has excuses.
Champion of the Universe::Cool
MagicBoltzRays::gg cavs
lionheart304::Dion should have went for the three and than foul.
SRStark20::For f*cks sake.  Go Buckeyes.
DrawohWasHere::When do they play SR?    I'm still in deep depression over Ohio.
We Are Believeland::Good game Magic fans and good luck for the rest of the season!
mikeyp2307::oh well. top 5 pick here we come
kardiackid11::good game magic fans
redskinkristian::thank you
Roge3471::dion should have been aggressive like that MUCH earlier
SRStark20::SRStark20 - God. Not Reddick.
Roge3471::man, if we let them inbound to JJ again...
MikeGhts::Mark Price wannabe
UCF knights 21::YES
HunterF4444::I hate Reddick's smug Duke a.ss
SRStark20::Nice shot RedDICK.  I'm tired of losing close games.
lionheart304::we got to shoot the triple
MikeGhts::Mark Price wannabe.....
Roge3471::jinx baby c'mon...
lionheart304::the free throw strategy is not working
mikeyp2307::HOLY HAYZEUS. WHY REDICK
MagicBoltzRays::Redick*
SRStark20::SRStark20 - God. Not Reddick.
We Are Believeland::third times a charm?
Roge3471::kiss that off the glass, dion
SRStark20::Lets go Andy...  Need both, foul, they need to make one, then we tie it with a three.  Wait. That probably won't happen because we are Cleveland.
megdali::Magic fans they left...wait when was Dwight Howard traded.
mikeyp2307::pathetic attempt at trolling
mikeyp2307::reddick can go away 5ever
MagicBoltzRays::Redick* (only 1 D)
mikeyp2307::gracias
lionheart304::Damn that shot hurt
