Marcleen Bavogui::lmao the east stinks wow ... only 2 respectable teams the rest are hot garbage
Matt Greene::It will be a lot better next year after Marcus Smart Andrew Wiggins and Jabari Parker and Julius Randle go PRO . Teams want these guys so they can rebuild their team on.
Derrick Nation::The east has been weak for decades.  More teams have always been over .500 in the west than the east.
Jacob Dockter::down 14 now. F this team. i am done with nba in general. done with this league, the nba commisnor should be embarrased by the way teams are tanking left and right. now atlanta is getting in on the mix
Nick Maurer::what a ridiculous comment... go magic. nicholson rules. go bonnies.
Jason Peters::Jeff Ariano ...it was the Magic first road win after 6 attempts, so YES it was a surprise.
Steven Anacker::See ya next week.
Jason Peters::Outscored 36-20 in the 3rd qtr in their own house...... Atlanta is garbage
Matt Greene::NELSON too the BULLS for (2) 2nd rd picks. He has no future in Orlando and the bulls need a chep reliable veteran who can move the ball and has a very good basketball Resume . It would be a great add and would help both teams in the long run. The only bad thing about Jameer Nelson is his poor 3 point shooting . He loves to take a lot of 3 pointers .
Jordan Ho::Hawks arent much of a better team then the Magic, they are pretty equal just the records dont show.   Magic can score points, Atl struggles scoring points at times. Take the Magic with the +7.5.
Reeves Cox::You sir, are confused.
Jordan Ho::Reeves Cox how so
Reeves Cox::Jordan Ho Because the HAWKS average more points per game. They also allow less points per game. And the HAWKS are playing at Home where they play best. Unless they just start missing everything like they did in the fourth quarter against Boston, this game is likely going to be won by Atlanta, I'm not saying it's gonna be a blowout. But I see the HAWKS winning by more like 7.5 than the Magic.
Wajih U. Rahman::Magic are gonna make the playoffs next year after they get a good draft pick and with the young core they already have
Matt Elmore::Arron Afflalo has actually regressed as a defender since he's been with the Magic. Idk if it's a by-product of him having to take more responsibility on the offensive end or just a poor team defensive philosophy, but he used to be a lockdown defender back in Denver
Jordan Ho::well when u score 20+ a game it takes alot of energy.
Allen Conder::Melo, is that you?
Matt Greene::Actually i disagree lol . I think he has been better defensively this year than last year. He is going to be an NBA All star this year . He is killing it . One of the top scoring SGs in the NBA
Mike Larson-Edwards::Love the value with the Hawks...free picks...http://faceybros.com/official-picks/nba
Jason Peters::OK Hawks, lets try this again. I'm gonna write off that what happened vs Celtics was a fluke. The Magic have yet to win a game away from home, so Im putting Atlanta in my parlay. I would hope the Hawks can survive this "test".
Marvelous Swf Mitchell::I'm following the same logic as you.
Reeves Cox::Welcome back again, Mr. Peters. I see you've returned to the HAWKS-side. Lawl
Jason Peters::Reeves Cox ..At least for tonight..
Ruben Garzon::Anyone concerned with Mo Harkless lack of progress?  I know its early but averaging same stats as last year, and only 11 min played in this game.  He seems to be getting left out.
James Bailey::Tonight could be first night the Magic will have all of there key players active. I'm ready to see how a complete Magic team will look. #GoMagic
Matt Greene::Well Glen Davis still likes shooting the ball every chance he is in the post so yeah it wont mean as much cause when he shoots he takes chances of others scoring. He fails to realize when he gets defended well. He needs to know when to pass the ball back out to a guard . His FG % is always been horrible.
Jason Peters::Wow, un real..did Atlanta sucker me in again?  This is smelling like a "50/50", "coinflip" game. ANYONES game!
Jason Vu::I can see Horford wanting out of ATL if they don't start winning more games...I can see a trade of  Asik to Hawks for Horford.
Trent Conheady::That's cute, because ATL are going to trade an All-star for a borderline starting center..
Jason Vu::Trent Conheady  Rockets will throw in DMo and Jones for good measure...lol
Scott Baker::Judging by all the empty seats tonight I am thinking the Hawks should move to Seattle.
Karen Arness::Hay don't dis on the seahawks that's my team
Scott Baker::Karen Arness I was talking about the Atlanta Hawks.
Jason Peters::LOL, Atlanta is about to F me again. Their not winning this game...Atlanta is garbage
Jason Peters::Your already scaring me Hawks......only a 4 pt lead?
Jason Peters::Magic are about to get their first road win!!!!..
Jamie Bonner::thinking Hawks & Nets spread looks value.
Micah Crutchfield::Lets go HAWKSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Jason Peters::76-69 Magic leads late in the 3rd=LOL!
Jason Peters::Woops, I mean 79-69. Well at least Ill know never to take this horrible Hawks team again in any parlay/bet.  Thank god Im not an actual Hawks fan though.
Andrew Lipham::heat vs pacers ecf.  rest of east should quit
Reeves Cox::GO HAWKS! Beat the Magic!
Jason Peters::If you cant see who is the better team you don't know basketball, Its Orlando...If this was in Orlando , the magic would be up 12 right now. THIS GAME IS OVER.. Magic wins this by 7. Mother F%$&er!
Junior Corrado::Idiot.
Jason Peters::Junior Corrado ....your right, for taking a garbage team like Atlanta.
Jason Peters::Junior Corrado ....hmmm looks like the score is 70-67 MAGIC right now..... I D I O T!
