Nikola Peckovic>Chuck Norris::Kevin Love is the pest power forward in the nba...Its not his fault the wolves arent winning.....look at the numbers...when our starters are on the floor we have the 3rd highest +- in the nba...our bench is so weak that we lose games...still this game will be fun to watch hopefully the wolves take advantage of pek against a tired blazers team... GO WOLVES
Harrison Davenport::just hoping we drastically improve our bench, not sure how, but it needs doing and quickly
Alex J Santa::Not even close...doesn't play defense, doesn't make his teammates better, can't carry a team. 12-13, enough said.
Austin Warren::I'm confused because I thought having a high assist per game does help your team...
Tim Gourley::Four away games in five days?  This happens only five times this NBA season and twice for the Blazers.  No team, not even the NBA's best Blazers can go 4-0 during this stretch.  I suggest that Stotts starts his bench and rest the starting five.  Yes, Portland will be fined, but that's what the NBA should expect for their perverse scheduling.
Eric Witt::Blazers already won four road games in six nights, why not four in five... The bench is going to play some quality minutes tonight after the battle last night.
Postingteam Tme::Eric Witt We have some serious depth on this team, so we don't rest our starters. Might as well go out and win to send the NBA a message.
Tim Gourley::Alex Tme blazers have depth?  are we watching the same team?  yes, the blazers bench is better than last year (when it was historically bad), but to call us 'deep' is a stretch, don't you think?  one of our starters goes down and we are SCREWED.
Javier Fernandez::Don't call him the next Larry Bird because he's white; he ain't even close to being in the Larry Legend league . Regardless, Kevin Love is one bad @$$ white boy!
David Zimmerman::What's funny is how many times I've heard someone say that Bird would be an average player in today's league and here we see Love avging 25/15/4 and he isn't close to Bird.
Javier Fernandez::David Zimmerman , nope nowhere near Bird. Bird was always there at the end when the game was on the line to take the clutch shot. Kevin Love many times starts strong but fades in the final minutes. He is a steady performer, has great stats , but he's not a closer like Bird was and don't kid yourself, a 25 year old Bird would school these spoon fed chumps today.
Rob Beria::And Lillard makes a 70 foot shot after the buzzer. Go figure.   Oh well. Blazer fans should gladly take a 3-1 record out of a 4 game in 5 night road trip.
Cody Palmer::TWolves fans, get over yourselves. Your winning because you're facing a team that has played 4 games in 5 days.
Cody Palmer::You're*
Cody Palmer::So? Still coming off 2 days rest. TWolves should be winning this game, but there's no need to go and blow it out of proportion and be classless about it on a board.
Craig A. Rotz::Good teams should win when they are the better team on a given night. Tonight the Wolves were the better team and they won. I hope they will face these nights when they are expected to win and do it. It's their character that will take them higher or lower.
Daniel Dresch::Kevin Love, best PF in the league! Not close!  Already on pace for a monster triple-double!
Alex J Santa::LOL EVERY NBA analyst disagrees with you...prior to this season yes, now LMA has taken that crown.
Joe Coburn::Alex J Santa - You keep saying this but you have yet to name me who these analysts are.
Alex J Santa::You don't read espn? watch firstake, sportsnation, sportscenter? Abbot, Woj, Patrick, Rome? Sound familiar? Love is killing it tonight but the love has been going Aldridges way so far this season. Rightfully so....dude is player of the month for a reason, player of the week 3 of the last 4.
Brett Skinner::League give Blazers 3, 4 game road trips in 5 days.  Phoenix is only other team with more than one this season.  Thanks NBA.  That was a crazy lay up drill in the first half.  I almost expected Blazers to forfeit.  Sick comeback though to get to 5 with 45 seconds left.  I wish we would have tried to get a stop instead of fouling Rubio.  Continue to be impressed with Vuvachek!  Beast mode.   Off night for Aldridge or we might of got another win.  Can't complain with one off game after absolutely killing it all season.  Love must have a triple double curse!!!  Good luck both teams.
Gary Webb::Their defense is piss poor and thats why they aren't getting out of the West.
Javier Fernandez::Every team has to eventually play that kind of schedule. Life just isn't fair is it?
Jacob W. Craven::Javier Fernandez which is exactly why the loss means very little to Portland.  Now consider a team like the Timberwolves who have to win these kind of road trips in order to keep in the playoff hunt.
Mark Childers::Our starting 5 should be benched in the 2nd half. They shouldn't be traveling to 4 different cities and playing in four games in just 5 nights. NBA trying to injure my beloved Blazers.
Joe Coburn::LULZ, Wolves have had to do it 3 times already.
Luke Zacharias::Pretty sure they weren't expecting such a start from your beloved Blazers.
Joe Simonett::Your "beloved Blazers", victims of "disgusting" scheduling by the evil NBA executives.... Tuck it back in, my man... sit the next couple plays out..
Joe Coburn::Not sure why all my posts are getting deleted. But hey tim. November 19th, 20th, 22nd and 23rd. There is one for you. Guess you were wrong.
Ryan Etch::dude we had 4 ROAD games in 5 days, you guys played a road game came back played a home game had a day off played another home game and then played an away game, you cant even compare the two,
Joe Simonett::Love is simply reminding Aldridge that the only place he belongs in relation to him is on the ground tying his shoes.
Robbie Freece::For real? Love is good, but he has yet to lead his team to the playoffs and I sincerely doubt he will this year…LaMarcus is putting up similar numbers on a winning team that lost TONIGHT. Your comment is ridiculous.
Christopher Olson::I love the TWolves but winning has 2 come first Love has never proved he can.
Nikola Peckovic>Chuck Norris::I have no sympathy for the blazers playing their 4th game in 5 nights...this is our 5th in 7 nights
Cody Palmer::With 2 days rest so that doesn't count. Get over yourself.
Justin Klefstad::Well, the Wolves were at Memphis on Sunday and Boston on Monday.  They played Portland on Wednesday.  Not sure were the 2 days comes from.  The truth is, this is the NBA and teams play a lot of games.
Ibarra Jaime::Not bad for my blazers this is their fourth game in five nights obviously they're tired but the credit goes to the wolves especially pekovic & love. If love & pekovic play like this every game the wolves are tough to beat. I won't deny it i dreamt of pekovic in blazer uniform but the wolves matched the blazers offer the same when we tried to get hibbert the pacers match the offer too. I tell you blazer's GM is really good i'm excited on his next move before the trade period end. Down by 35 & cut it to 6 in the fourth that was a great come back attempt nonetheless it was a little bit too late but the good news is the blazers never quit. Matthews had an off night shooting the 3 ball. I can't wait for Cj Mccollum's debut soon. Good game wolves. Rip city!!
Steve Tellers::You have a fine young club, I could definitely see them adding to the titles they won in 1977 and 2000.
Brian Miller::2000?  You mean the Lakers?
Brett Skinner::Steve Tellers  Low blow!  Lol
Jordan Luongo::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XV84e6QOPM&feature=youtu.be
Tim Gourley::I predict that Blazers will go to 12-0 against the LEastern conference after beating the lowly Wolves tonight.  What?  Oh, really?  Wow.  My bad.  Wolves are in the WESTERN conference!    who knew??? LMFAO!
Daniel Quinn::LMAO!!!!!! Wanna try that again???
Tim Gourley::Tonight's game is a toss-up given the scheduling.  What i DO know, is that if Spain had Rubio for the Olympics, they would have won the Gold medal.  Fact.
Varun Gadiraju::You can't just speculate wildly and claim it as a fact lol.
Harrison Davenport::Rubio is most underrated player in the NBA, an absolute beast and constantly improving
Fiti Bear::Harrison Davenport   rubio underrated you mean most overrated player 2-11 mate Lillard destroyed his life and his career
Ryan Lee::POR can't win every game, but Lillard has been straight beasting lately
Philip Palomaki::The Wolves try to lose games in the 4th quarter it seems.  Unbelievable
Leander Miley::Just watching you can tell that Aldridge's legs just aren't under him tonight, he is dead tired.  On top of that Pekovic completely outplayed Robin tonight.  It's tough to swallow but we can't win them all, especially when at the end of the third the Twolves hit some big time shots.  Good game minnesota.  RIP CITY
Joseph Rampone::I love all the T'Wolves fans who are coming out of the woodwork on here. It's fine, we still have the most road wins in the NBA and an unblemished record against Eastern teams. See you at the Moda Center.
Rob Horton::Um.  Out of the woodwork?  Most of us have been here the whole time and this win does little for my confidence in our coaching staff.  Wolves are still .500 and I need to see 8-2 or 9-1 streak before getting my pulse up.  But no, Portland needs to keep it up because they haven't done much in a long time too.
Eric Shawn Smith::Your team got spanked HARD, by a better overall team. Portland is over achieving right now and will cool off eventually. Probably grab the 5 or 6th seed. Relax guys. Settle down, The Blazers are far from title contention.
Joseph Rampone::Eric Shawn Smith A better overall team? That is hilarious Eric. I'll bet you couldn't keep a straight face when you typed that.
Dave Joacksom::Blazers take the loss build off it still a long season to go.Cant wait for our first round pick to join this team.We need a little more depth for weeks like this
Luke Zacharias::Being a Wolves fan, I want to say that we have a chance in this game, but that was a long time ago. We should just move to the Eastern Conference. Blazers by 25.
Postingteam Tme::We are going to be very tired. Just played in Cleveland last night. I don't think this game is going to be easy for us at all. Damian Lillard will hit a game winner though, that much is for sure.
Luke Zacharias::Alex Tme, that will be a factor, but you guys have more heart than our Wolves. New prediction, Blazers by 15.
Postingteam Tme::Luke Zacharias Dang you are really down on them right now. Are you guys slumping? What's the deal? I guess I am spoiled because I came into this season thinking we would only win 41 games or so...
Philip Palomaki::Now that's how you finish a quarter.  We better not blow the lead in the 4th quarter like the Wolves always seem to do.
Mike Henry::I doubt it will happen, it went from 12 back to 21   dang...  but i dont think portland has the legs to over come 21 down in the 4th
Nikola Peckovic>Chuck Norris::Love does everything to make his teammates better.... do yall not see the game leading 5 ast in 1 quarter?????
Eric Witt::Blazers are getting outplayed badly early. I think 4-games in 5 nights has caught up to them...
Tony Hartmann::Another huge home win for the Wolves! I hope they start playing better on the road.
Jihad Qutub::They won't
