58rhodes::Inconsistent  is probably the wrong description of the Blazers. Might as well throw out the first 6 or 7 games due to the lack of a proper training camps for all  teams. That puts the last 5 games at 1 and 4.with 3 straight losses --Now thats consistent.
nba is the worst::dumb
58rhodes::thats a dumb reply LOL
..CLIPPER FAN SINCE 1990..::Kyle Lowry is a BEAST... he's the next CP3. The Grizzlies are idiots for giving up on him so fast.
nba is the worst::Great game for Lowry - talk about refuse to lose
CandySparker::I like Annie Laurie.
58rhodes::Blazers Choke once again
rromero076::Again blazers are just so inconsistant. I realize any team can beat anybody at this level, but the Rockets? They had there chance in this one. This team has no one that can take it to the whole on a regular basis other than LA
ChuckOlajuwon::You realize the Rockets are a winning team pretty much every year right?  No they arent title contenders every year, but they can and will beat anyone.  Unfortunately they will lose to anyone too.
kelleland7::Batum and Felton and future draft pick for Lowry....? Yes??
natskivna::Not a chance in hell.  :)
kelleland7::I wish tho...lol
EmergingInThought::http://www.whatthehellbook.com/2012/01/05/fired-for-not-believing-in-hell/
natskivna::Batum.  Wow.  That is all.
dennorayj::Trail blazers are pretenders...
58rhodes::No there not, they are a really great team having some problems. LOL just ask the homers
roymullins::Brick City- 41% FG..  another sub-par game from Wallace... he is either really good or really bad... not sure what you are going to get on a given night...   Psuckland flattening out- as I predicted- heading back to .500
kelleland7::Can we just bring back the Jail blazers...
Young_Buck_24::WOW, Kyle Lowry is playing like crazy, do u guys think he will play like this the whole season?
CosmoKramer1444::Barring injury, why not?
Blazelover13::Wow...they actually pulled it off...impressive, Rockets! Maybe this is the momentum they need to get back into the race. A win, albeit at home, against a good Portland team is very nice, and Lowry was a BEAST tonight! Almost a triple-double! This Rockets team, despite no real superstar, will be in it until the end. Sadly, with how the champs are playing, how the Spurs are playing, and how Memphis is starting to round into form...Houston has much work to do.
58rhodes::Go Rockets beat those sucky Blazers
Hi i love my bike::Lol. Everybody has been talking how Blazers are a top 5 team in the leauge. Now they're barely hangin on to the 8th seed in the west. Face it Blazer fans this is just another first round exit team.
slim_greaser::hahaha oh those Fail Blazers...
Kobelies247::Lakers getting HAMMERED by the clips and FAKER fans come in here talking smack LOL!  Laker fans have nothing but kobe...Pathetic
inquisitiveman::It would a shame if Lowry doesn't make the All-Star team!
jerry0892::hes not makin it
frankelee::Who dis Lawry kid? He be goin off.
inquisitiveman::he is beast!!
David76871::Missed it. How did the game end in terms of who hit or missed the shot or free throws, etc?
emmanopg33::game tying ft? did you even watch the game?
DA Lakers son::The Blazers choked
DA Lakers son::Wow... are you that stupid? they could have tied the game but they missed shots. That's choking. Especially when they missed FT.
emmanopg33::how is it a choke when they lost. Blazers never had a lead until the 4th. and when they got it they lost it in like 20 seconds. hardly a choke.
David76871::Ouch. Thanks.
DA Lakers son::Missed game tying FT
David76871::Miss game winning or tying shot?
BrettStormNYRanger1972::Never bet a team played b2b away from home again! Noah, blazers lost but still a better team !   First on "easier" game and Patriots -13.5 or even -14 - I agree The Pats picking up Josh McDaniels as an assistant OC will certainly not hurt their cause. - Betting against Tebow is gamblers suicide. Guy has been stone cold money ATS. - In the first game Broncos run to the hell and back against Pats defense and showed that they can hurt Patriots, and now Tebow has more confidence passing, suddenly Broncos are not any more one dimensional team. - Pats defense is way too soft.  And I'm die hard Patriots fan. Big no bet game for me.  Giants +8.5 - First and most important GB is the best team overall this season in NFL - Weather no issue, as this time in year in NY is also cold as a mother**** - Still, I have a feeling G man gave 110% in last game. They are more tired than 2 week rested Packers. - G man are 4-12 ATS in their last 16 games on grass, GB are 8-1 ATS vs. a team with a winning record. - Public is strong on G man, and I doubt Vegas put that line by mistake. I see 80% of people on Giants and line moved just 0.5 point?  For me only and strong play will be GB this round   Noah, Another 2 winners from Sports Betting Solution. Placed $300 each on 76ers -8, Rockers +2 and Lakers +3. also parleyed $100 on these 3 teams. If Lakers +3 win, I will make $1,200 today. My lucky day !    NBA Basketball Basketball - Sat 1/14  Philadelphia 76ers -8 +103 @ Washington Wizards - Double Dime Pick (Hawes needs to play)    Houston Rockets +2 -105 vs Portland Trail Blazers - Single Dime Pick    Los Angeles Lakers @ Los Angeles Clippers  Pick: Los Angeles Lakers +2.5 -110  Single Dime Pick
Spurzoffury::Well looks like Portland loses to Hornets on Monday!
emmanopg33::I love you faker bandwagon fans. Makes me laugh my $@% off.
emmanopg33::cowboys and lakers fan....let me guess yankees too? Big Ten? where did that come from? gthoh bandwagon fan.
emmanopg33::a little. I hate bandwgon fans. I bet you were a Raiders fan too until SF started doing good right? Hate fake $@% fans.
DA Lakers son::Do you need tissues? you're desperate haha
emmanopg33::about 90% of them are. I have little doubt you are one too. Whats wrong GS not good enough? you got to hop on the winner wagon?
DA Lakers son::You mad?
emmanopg33::you probably have never stepped foot in cali, yet you come on here to preach about your bandwagon.
DA Lakers son::No I'm from Oakland. Not every Laker fan is a bandwagoner idiot.
emmanopg33::where you from? Kansas? Must be hard being a bandwagon fan. Lets see I'm a Packer, Mavs, and Cards fan....
DA Lakers son::I didn't set any teams on my profile. You're an idiot but what do you expect from a Blazer fan? haha quit embarrassing the Blazer fanbase more than the Blazers already have.
emmanopg33::look at your profile kid. you are bandwagon by all means.
DA Lakers son::What are you talking about kid
emmanopg33::Memphis for the sweeeeeeeeep
DA Lakers son::No they haven't and no I'm not. Desperation.... haha
Spurzoffury::You figure he would since he sweeps up in Brothel!
emmanopg33::This just in, the Clippers have taken over LA. and you are bandwagon anyways, so who cares.
emmanopg33::mavs for the sweeeeeeeeeep!!!!
Spursdc::He doesn't even know what sweep mean
DA Lakers son::Memphis didn't sweep them idiot
DA Lakers son::It's so funny to see the desperation in Blazer fans comments.
emmanopg33::at home...
emmanopg33::at least we beat the mavs (champs) in 2 games... and didnt get blown out by 30.
the oh factor::at least the blazers wona a couple against the mavs in the playoffs.  what happened with the lakers?
DA Lakers son::2nd round&gt;1st round You mad? do you need tissues little girl?
emmanopg33::mavs for the sweeeeeeeeep!!!!!!
DA Lakers son::Atleast we got to the 2nd round.
Spurzoffury::Hey emmanopg, if I want any lip off you, I'll scrape my zipper!
emmanopg33::drams? is that Indian?
Spurzoffury::Too stupid to know when he is being set up!
Spurzoffury::Dreams as in you having a girlfriend, you walked right into that!
emmanopg33::Aldridge &gt; Duncun
Spurzoffury::In your drams, like your sister!
JazzFanFromINDIA::lol
Spursdc::What do you call 12 millionaires around a TV watching the NBA Finals? The Portland Trail Blazers.
emmanopg33::broom baby
ahmad751::where were you when the Spurs BEAT the Blazers on Friday.
Dented_rim::How did Memphis do in the playoffs last year, I forgot :)
emmanopg33::not the broom...how about the lakers? sweeeeeeeeeeeeep
DA Lakers son::The same as Portland
emmanopg33::Aldridge &gt; Duncun
Spurzoffury::Lol
Spurzoffury::Lol
emmanopg33::tim duncun sucks
DA Lakers son::The Blazers lost.
emmanopg33::LA is losing
DA Lakers son::Like the Blazers haha
Dented_rim::Sports fans are crazy these days - must be something in that face paint.
DA Lakers son::For being so bad, Blazer fans sure do talk a lot. Hahaha
TyphoonBengal::Blazers aren't so bad.  They're 4th or 5th in the West.  It's hard to know that, jut a few different decisions in the past, and we'd be #1 (Durant, B-Roy not being injured)
Spurzoffury::That's all Blazer fan has is talk &amp; no walk!
emmanopg33::tim duncun sucks
emmanopg33::tim duncun sucks
Spurzoffury::Duncan has 4 rings, how many for Blazers, Emma? Lol
emmanopg33::tim duncun sucks
surfzone365::Heat fans take the cake, at least for being trolls
emmanopg33::your team is losing too.
emmanopg33::Lebron&gt;Kobe
DA Lakers son::The game isn't over.
JazzFanFromINDIA::LOL Lakers are winning a lot !!!
jojoac4::haha ya
Spurzoffury::Blazers blazed out!
Spursdc::like
surfzone365::Didn't see any of this game, but it looks to have been a good one.  Much needed win for the Rockets
jojoac4::What is wrong with the Blazers!!?? They start out on fire and now they're playing worse then the heat!
emmanopg33::Im going to troll the $@%! out of every laker/spurs board for the rest of the year.
DA Lakers son::You will have nothing to say, since you are a Blazer fan nobody will take you seriously haha
Spurzoffury::I'll be waiting
DA Lakers son::They were pretending.
jojoac4::Am I the only blazer fan who doesnt talk smack? (To all idiots)
Beardedblazerfan::Dont you have your own board to troll?
BrettStormNYRanger1972::Another 2 winners from Sports Betting Solution. Placed $300 on 76ers -8, Rockers +2 and Lakers +3. also parleyed $100 on these 3 teams. If Lakers +3 win, I will make $1,200 today. What a day !  NBA Basketball Basketball - Sat 1/14 Philadelphia 76ers -8 +103 @ Washington Wizards - Double Dime Pick (Hawes needs to play)  Houston Rockets +2 -105 vs Portland Trail Blazers - Single Dime Pick  Los Angeles Lakers @ Los Angeles Clippers Pick: Los Angeles Lakers +2.5 -110 Single Dime Pick
Spurzoffury::Texas rules, Oregon Drools!
platachog::Our starters played like garbage. Thanks Batum, Smith, and Crawford for playing well.
emmanopg33::good game rockets, fukc the Spurs fans. Their whole team is born in the mid 70's.
the oh factor::what is a laker?
emmanopg33::yup! realmad
DA Lakers son::You mad?
Spurzoffury::It's that time of the month!
Spurzoffury::Blazerroddy can now make love to his nervous dog! Good luck!
TheFeedMachine::Houston and Portland both have really good home records and really bad road records. Kyle Lowry continues to be the most underrated player in the NBA.
Dented_rim::Have the Spurs even won a road game this year?
TheFeedMachine::I don't know. Why do you think I am a Spurs fan? I am just an NBA fan.
DA Lakers son::The Blazers are pretenders.
Risewidus::spurz gonna spur n rot wen we come thru
BlazerRoddy::Well another L, oh well next time.
Boardtrollsarelol::there are going to be a few bored people on the interwebz now...
Spurzoffury::Portland list? What a shock! What will become of the Blazers? Lol
DA Lakers son::lmao
MetsNLChamps2012::Nice win Rockets, had my money scared late lol
Adrianch01::Good luck to the rest of your season Portland.
Spurzoffury::This just in! Blazers suck!
BlazerRoddy::and you swallow!!
Spurzoffury::Spoken like a true professional roddy!
uarizona24::well im happy got a few extra points in my fantasy league with those last minute shots and free throws
uarizona24::thanks.  still doesn't make sense though so i'm still waiting
Spurzoffury::Spoken like a true loser!
JazzFanFromINDIA::Blazers Fans Are so passionate fans . LOL
JazzFanFromINDIA::Well Rockets aint NBA champions..lol
emmanopg33::you have played garbage...
JazzFanFromINDIA::Jazz Record &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Jail Blazers Record
emmanopg33::fukc you Portland is still better then Utah Mormanville
TXJstar23::Blazers played a good game. Batum was Beast out there, but Lowry did it for the Rox again.
Beardedblazerfan::Good game Houston,   Given the history we have in Houston I kind of expected this but what a waste of energy going into overtime when we need all we can get for this road trip, it cant keep going this way.
Risewidus::i stsill stand behind the blazers fool
emmanopg33::your still trolling fukc boy
Spursdc::I take it you missed last nights beat down.
emmanopg33::thats what real fans do. they watch thier own teams and dont troll around on the internet
Spursdc::Why?
DA Lakers son::More than the Blazers
BlazerRoddy::Its our team that why. Like the Spurs are going to do anything.
Boardtrollsarelol::Atta way rockets!  Well-deserved victory tonight
Spurzoffury::Where are all the talkers now!
BlazerRoddy::You're the only talker f@ggot. Go back upstairs, mommy has your sponge bath ready.
emmanopg33::Blazers &gt; Lakers
DA Lakers son::hhaha I know Blazer fans talk a lot.
DA Lakers son::Do you need tissues liittle girl?
emmanopg33::gtfoh laker fukc boy.
