Rickvaughn2181::After this beat down D Howard is gonna take out his frustrations on the falling mavs! The mavs will lose and i have why on my blog so come down and check it oiut! comment! subscribe! http://nbawagers.com/2012/03/sports-gambling-tips-for-dallas-mavericks-at-the-orlando-magic/
David.L22::lol
Kendell5637::lightening does strike twice,i see  the 1999 playoffs all over again,the knicks are going to reach the finals,and end the suffering of their fans
thyrdrail::BIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIBBBBBBBBBBBBBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
thyrdrail::BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRROOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNN
2012marchDancin::<i>NOVAAAKAAAAINNEEE</i>
2012marchDancin::MMMEELLOOOOOOO
2012marchDancin::MMEEELLLLLLOOOOOOOO
Lord Lunacy::So what are the Knikcs doing differently now then under D'Antoni? It's a fracking different team altogether.
newyorksportsfan100454::If you go by your rule that a 1st and 2nd place Regular Season finishing team is supposed to win a Conference Championship or MLB,NFL,NBA,NHL Title in the Postseason then how come the Phillies and Yankees with best NL and AL records didn't win it all last year?  Or the Phillies and Rangers with best records in the NL and AL didn't win it all in 2010? Or the Packers and Patriots with best records in the NFC and AFC didn't win it all last year? The list in every sport including the NBA and NHL is included with the above.
Lord Lunacy::So many variables to why...fatigue, chemistry, matchups, gameplan/preperation, injuries, player depth, and on and on. It's what makes competition exciting in the first place...the probabilities of the best teams winning are always the highest, but sometimes anomalies pop up and throw all the numbers off.
2bmeizez::I'VE SAID IT ALL YEAR. NOW YOU'RE SEEING IF YOU RUN YOUR OFFENSE THROUGH MELO WHAT HAPPENS. THEY WERE SO DOMINATING JEFF VAN GUNDY SAID THEY WERE "LETTING THE GAME SLIP AWAY" WHILE UP BY 21. THIS IS WHAT YOU GET WHEN YOU LET A SUPERSTAR BE A SUPERSTAR. YOU DUMBA** DUDES TALKING ABOUT MELO PLAYED TEAM BALL SOUND STUPID HE ALWAYS PLAYED TEAM BALL IT'S BEEN HIS D THAT PEOPLE QUESTIONED. BUT HEY YALL DIDN'T BELIEVE ABOUT D'ANTONI EITHER. LET MELO PLAY............THE TRUTH SPEAKS...LOUDLY
newyorksportsfan100454::I have always found there is a lot less pressure expectations to go to the Postseason as underdogs than a 1st and 2nd place team has in every sport. It has been very common in the last 10 years in every pro sport even the NCAA basketball tournament that many top teams have been eliminated by upset in the Postseason against much lower W-L ranked teams.  Because a 1st and 2nd place team has much higher expectations to win the first two rounds of the Postseason than the 5th-8th place teams
Chuloflow::Shump is the truth 8th in the League in Steals this year with only 26 minutes per game, Lets give this dude more minutes so he can move up on the rankings in steals ...
amwilco::I don't get the hype for the Knicks one bit. First playoff round loser - 26-25 nuff said.
NewcastleFanVL::We suffered long enough, that's why !
Michael38061::NY = dangerous
the702shogun::and why can't earl clark get in the game? to be a magic fan, is to know pain
the702shogun::go get a taller point guard and a scorer otis! or you're fired! and why haven't the knicks stolen patrick chewing off the coaching staff?
DonDada118::Hwo do the Van Gundy guy still have a job.......both of them are terrible coaches
knowledgeable_fan::actually both are pretty darn good.  which is why he has a job and why jeff van gundy's name is brought up for virtually every coaching job available.
justcallmetj::Chicago Bulls top accomplishments before/after Michael Jordan.  1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Lord Lunacy::Heh, thought the blanks were a mistake for a second...then I drank coffee and lol'd. long day...
RomeStar82::I cant believe my eyes Knicks are a game above .500 wow!!!! 2012 is real I guess
_Montreal_Sucks_::Wow the New Yolk Knicks beat the Or-rando Magic , with no Jelemy Rin?
Dr Kevorkian::racist
Machine from future::Knicks have a deep squad, so their win is not a complete surprise.
hapatino::Did the Knicks get to .500 already? Would be cool if they snuck in as the 8th seed and somehow gave the Bulls a fun series for the fans.
statesman2011::Hope they stay there. Bulls are great but NYK has no fear of them. Can't match up w/ LBJ or D-3 at all.
Linfanticide::i doubt he will be back in time for the first round of the playoffs.
ravensr2nice::ravens rule!
Jamaal 43::And, the media keeps making it about Melo and Lin or Melo and Amare to sell stories and headlines. The real issue is Tyson and Amare taking up the same space. It's not about Melo and Amare, it's about Tyson and Amare and Amare being limited from an overall offensive production stand point (back to the basket, pass and lack of pop because of his back issues)
Jamaal 43::Amare can only face up to score. Melo can face up or score with his back to the basket and pass out of the double team. Melo is better in the post that 90% of the league because of his versatility.  Last night the Knicks played off the post by melo and got guys wide open shots. The ball movement was incredible!!  Amare can’t post up and can’t pass out of the double team, still good but Melo in the post is far more dangerous!!
flyingiron2463::this is so comical it doesn't make any sense. did you watch last season when amare showed off an array of post moves pre-melo?
justcallmetj::No he didn't. Amare faced up for the entire season until Melo came in to town.
KnicksRangersYanks::Great win last night! I love STAT, but I think we're a better team without him.  I said the same thing when Melo was out, too.  Maybe those two really can't play together.
Machine from future::I'm not a doctor, but a bulging disk not treated or not soon enough can lead to a herniated disk.  Once you get a hernia, it's game over.  With this on Amare's mind, we may see a very tame Amare when he returns to the court.
stone419::i still think its possible for it to work, but maybe one solution would be for amare to play with the second unit, or to play center when the knicks go small
statesman2011::You are a genius. Both units could benefit from the triangle.
Yungdubz27::It's not....I could probably teach some little kids how to do a basic triangle...lmao. But there is a lot of ball movement and cuts that happen as well. Its more then just 3 guys on the wing...I think that is the hard part of the triangle.
stone419::it sounds great, but it must not be as easy as it sounds
Yungdubz27::If someone knew it then yes...but honestly if you look at the pieces they have...they are built to run the triangle. Melo can post, Amare can shoot from the corner of the freethrow line...put Novak at the corner 3....rotate it out with other shooters, even have Amare Post, Melo shoot from the freethrow line and Jr Smith at the corner....hell you can play it at the top of the key.
stone419::uh oh, i see what you're implying. i agree actually, but its got to be possible to run the triangle without Phil. i mean right?
Yungdubz27::I think you have to run set plays for both of them...and figure out in the beginning of the game who looks like its their night and go with that on.....I really think this team would benefit from the triangle offense.
stone419::im not saying its ideal, but you can still play 30 minutes coming off the bench. im not saying never play amare and melo at the same time, just stagger it. u can do this even with stat starting, just rotate him out earlier than melo
Machine from future::Amare may benefit from playing less.  Once you get a bulging disk, it requires lots of rest and even surgery.  I'm glad they caught it as soon as they did.  Let's hope for the best.
KnicksRangersYanks::$100 million guy off the bench?!
AP Giants::They were starting to play fine together before the injury.  Melo was just missing shots he normally makes.  With Amari out though I think he focuses a little better because we cannot win without him scoring .
Michael38061::"normally makes" or misses?
Lin_Diesel_17::They cant. Melo dominates in the high post. Hes a monster. Amare just ruins that. Maybe Amare should become a better shooter.
Michael38061::I still wish Lebron would have come to the Knicks
Lin_Diesel_17::Hells no! He should have stayed in Cleveland. Him leaving to another team especially The Heat with Wade and Bosh was the worst! The man is disrespected by many.
Kimsky1::It was the way that he left thats got everyones panties in a bunch. From a PR perspective he really stepped in it.
stone419::i have no problem with him leaving, it's any player's right to leave when their contract is up. he owed cleveland nothing
AP Giants::I don't think he could handle the pressure.  To Melo's credit he handles pressure very well.
P4P Pacman::$@%! Lebron!!! He's not made for NY!!!
stone419::me too, but thats over now, lets just hope the knicks can make him regret his decision
RyanCarranza::I tried being nice on this board... Obviously you New York fans have a problem with that.  Have fun this season and first round of the playoffs.  Bulls win that round in 5 games.  Good bye
Lin_Diesel_17::Well it doesnt look like Boston is going to lose. These dudes playing like the bulls that won over 70 games right now. Like.. wtf
stone419::yea lets hope that doesnt last, i think rondo is turning it on now that he isnt being traded. they were stupid to even think about trading him, i love watching rondo play
Lin_Diesel_17::Bulls dont suck.. but Knicks will make it difficult for them come playoffs.
stone419::knicks should focus on making sure they dont face the bulls until the second round. winning the division would be huge
P4P Pacman::Bulls Sucks!!! Knicks are going to make noise!!
stone419::hey, i tried to have a civil conversation
Michael38061::adios
adventurrre::It is clear that the Magic beating the Heat duped Howard into staying with a team that absolutely has no shot of winning a title.  It's sad for him and the Nets.
stone419::maybe the heat lost on purpose so he didnt team up with Dwill?
WVU4LIFE239::Get Big
NewcastleFanVL::P U S S Y ?
WVU4LIFE239::jeremy lin is a  p u s s y
WVU4LIFE239::wtf u $@%!$@%! cuhhzo
stone419::im not sure what you said, so i'll assume it was "Go Michigan Wolverines!"
Machine from future::@WVU, WV sports has been dismal after Rodriguez left.  Nothing to look forward to so that's why you're here?
WVU4LIFE239::whole*
WVU4LIFE239::hes to full of himself have u ever seen him play a hole game ?
stone419::is that a game where you see who can dig the biggest hole?
WVU4LIFE239::and small he has a small dick
thyrdrail::HOW WOULD U KNOW? AZIAN GUYS CAN HAVE BIG DIKS TOO YA STUPID.
stone419::he only likes players who have big diks
Michael38061::and a big bank roll
NewcastleFanVL::And so are u !
Michael38061::and the most famous man on the planet right now
stone419::jeremy would kick your $@% on the street and on a chess board
thyrdrail::HA!! AND KICKS IS AZZZZZ ON SATS TOO!! ;)
getmine73::Knick fans sure do change quickly. same people were out here 3 weeks ago killing the knicks. some fan base.....lol
stone419::thats because they were getting killed, did you want us to congratulate them for playing so horribly?
P4P Pacman::Steve Novak, Jr Smith. Baron, Baron Davis are great pickups for Cheap.
P4P Pacman::Shump!!! Shump!!!
D-Nice 3.0::butasports buy the lephone, only vibrates no ring ===================================  LMAO HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Figons::I guess Carmelo wasnt the problem.
Yungdubz27::I was telling people, even Knick fans, that D'Antoni was the problem...people use to wonder why the Suns couldn't win and then blame the players for not playing Defense....how can you play defense when your coach doesn't even teach it.
D-Nice 3.0::THIS^^^
Mousebagg1::I love the knicks but they aren't going to go far in the playoffs.  They will win a series if it isn't against Miami or Chicago but at this point they cannot compete with either
Yungdubz27::Knicks should want to play Miami over Chicago...I think they match up better....but Amare has to play for them to have a chance to win any series.
Michael38061::He better not forget
RyanCarranza::Yeah and you guys have an injured Amare... and hover around .500.  Congrats!
Michael38061::You still have Boozer the loser, and Noah still looks like a gigantic 50-foot woman. What's the difference?
RyanCarranza::That was last year... Look at the team this year and tell me they are the same.  They are not.  They can win without Derrick now.  Throw in Derrick and this team is scary and nobody wants to see them in any round.
Michael38061::Deng disappeared too
Michael38061::Lebron threw Rose's game into the audience during last year's playoffs on a number of occasions. You don't forget stuff like that too easily
RyanCarranza::Yes he did, but this is a new year and I haven't forgotten and I promise you Derrick Rose has not forgotten.
Michael38061::When, and if, it comes down to Chicago and Miami, Chicago will fold
RyanCarranza::See, as a Chicago fan, I respectfully disagree.  New York has more issues than Chicago does.  Chicago has injury problems, but still when despite.
agoods03::Leading the league in turnovers.
Mousebagg1::when hes playing lol
Mousebagg1::I don't know about that, Chicago has proved that they can win against anyone and Derrick Rose is on his own level above any other PG in the league
ceeboogie49::lots of johnny come lately's up in here, but regardless, this knicks will continue to rise to the challenge. everyone of these guys wants to be on the floor playing hard...that is a tough mindset to crack and they clearly have enough personnel to stay in attack mode on both ends of the court for a full 48 minutes...  the knicks have already demonstrated they can win with multiply players as the leading scorer and everyone is committed to playing defense and gang rebounding...the knicks will continue to roll and atlanta is next...which won't be a blow-out cause the ATL guys play defense too...it might even be close...but the knicks just have too much...
butasports::buy the lephone, only vibrates no ring http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/p/best-nba-memes.html
Michael38061::When is Lin coming back?
P4P Pacman::This is ESPN New York!!!! Not ESPN Chicago!!! Get of here u fake Bulls Fans!!!
ceeboogie49::Your right to credit your team the Bulls as the better team because this squad has been playing for two full seasons now and they are playoff tested, so there is no doubt an edge there, but i will say this...the knicks have tyson chandler, who's won a ring...who do the bulls have? a hurt rip hamilton? is he even gonna play again this season? is rip even that kind of leader from a veteran standpoint? can't wait for that back-to-back...i just hope we split...
Michael38061::You don't make it to the playoffs by luck
RyanCarranza::The Bulls were looking to make it under Del Negro... Same r.500 record.
agoods03::It just means they're scared.
stone419::the knicks may not be as successful as the bulls, but in terms of cities, New York has spawned a ton of great basketball players. including a pretty good one that played for the bulls
RyanCarranza::New York is lucky to make it to the playoffs man... Come on.  New York has got very little on Chicago in terms of basketball...  I am not even ripping on the knicks.
NewcastleFanVL::Rose whines like a sissy, it's pretty gross.
Michael38061::and Rose/Chicago won't go any farther than they did last year
RyanCarranza::I may not be talking crap, but I assure you that I am not afraid of a .500 team that needed a breakout D league star to rescue their season...
RyanCarranza::Or what?
stone419::how is that not a question? just because you forgot to put a question mark?
RyanCarranza::I'm pretty sure you are a complete idiot
stone419::"why are you still bringing this up." pretty sure thats a question
RyanCarranza::I haven't asked a question in my last two posts... Nevermind.  You got your wish... Good bye
stone419::i was answering your question
RyanCarranza::Okay, so you don't want to talk Knicks basketball?
stone419::im talking to you because you responded to P4P Pacman's calling out of fake bulls fans, if someone else had responded id be talking to them
RyanCarranza::But you are talking to me, so knowing that I am not trolling, why are you still bringing this up.  You are not going to change fans from other cities, so don't even try it.  You want to talk Knicks... Here I am.  Ready to talk Knicks
stone419::i just said, not you specifically, i was just hoping you could give an insight into the bulls fan's mind? its annoying that i always seem to end up talking about the bulls when i want to talk about the knicks
P4P Pacman::The Chicago Bears Sucks!!! Wait.... U not from Chi....
RyanCarranza::Am I doing that?  No...
stone419::not you specifically. just bulls fans in general. they are always coming on to knicks chats to talk crap, i just dont get it
RyanCarranza::How am I obsessed with the Knicks?  I hardly ever come on New York boards as it is... Why do I need approval to be here? I go on all different boards throughout the day.  This is giant site that has plenty to read and see, I can utilize it any which way I want and I certainly do not need your approval to be here.  I am not even trolling, I am simply responding as I see fit.  I even agreed with you on things that Knicks are doing good.  I don't see why me being here is causing you such an annoyance.
stone419::grow up? lets be honest, none of us are being very adult- like simply by being on one of these boards. i just think its weird to be obsessed with a team you dont root for, especially when the team you do root for has the best record in the conference.
RyanCarranza::They are interesting!  They have so much talent and yet seem to struggle at times when they should be shining.  Jeremy Lin is certainly very interesting... Why is it that I can only be on Bulls board?  Where is this rule book?  I am not talking crap at all... Grow up
stone419::you didnt answer the question though, whether its crap you're talking or not, why wouldnt you rather talk about your favorite team? are the knicks really that interesting?
RyanCarranza::How am I talking crap?!  I agreed with you below about Chandler being the DOPLY and I also agreed with some other guy that New York is going to be a really good team in the years to come if they establish a legit defense.  I never said anything bad about the team or players.  What are you talking about?
stone419::i just dont understand what you get out of coming over here talking crap, wouldnt you rather talk with other bulls fans about the bulls?
RyanCarranza::You're gonna type bad words on your keyboard?
Michael38061::Melo played better last night because he let the game come to him. He did that through passing and finding the area that he wanted to be in, instead of forcing his shot every time he got the ball
Machine from future::Melo was putting in a high scoring average at the start of the season, a season that began with a lot of losses too.  Rather if Melo can play more consistently in the front and back court, he will remain critical to the Knick's success.  He and the rest of the team are showing that they're still peaking and 'gel-in' so both are a good sign.
agoods03::Chandler is this teams MVP all year.
ceeboogie49::tyson has just dwight down on a consistent basis and will do it again in orlando, which is another game the knicks will win...orlando doesn't have what it takes as a team and the knicks will overwhelm them again...it's only miami and chicago in front of the knicks moving forward...plain and simple...
NOLE6116::Easy now, D12 leading the league in rebounding and top 5 in blocks.  Def Knicks MVP
stone419::id still give it to chandler considering how awful their defense was before he got there
stone419::hard to argue with that, he's been the most consistent, and most vocal. he should get DPOY
RyanCarranza::I agree he should get defense player of the year
nycpratl::kudos for an impressive win but the challenge for this team remains consistency.  let's see how the next couple of weeks play out.  at some point they need to settle on a 7-8 man rotation that they can rely on if they make the playoffs.
Machine from future::agree.  They need to stay healthy too.  When Stat returns, I doubt his intensity will be the same when he'll be worried about a recurrence of a bulging disk from whatever caused it.
RyanCarranza::The Knicks do not have this year... Not this year.  Too inconsistent
jammer2009::Haven't they won 7 of 8?  They're on a roll right now, bud.
ESPN Conversationist::knicks can only win at home...
jammer2009::They also win at Indiana, and Philadelphia, too.
stone419::go on
Im Fixin To Eat Some Bacons::Knicks will take out the bulls in the playoffs
Mousebagg1::i'm a huge knicks fan but sorry this aint happening. Jeremy Lin is going to stop D Rose? right......
stone419::Lin would be on hamilton most likely, shumpert would be on rose
stone419::yea, but hopefully in the second round, after they take out the 5th seed
RyanCarranza::They can't... The Bulls are too consistent and too determined
stone419::i wouldnt go so far as to say 50/50, the bulls would obviously be the favorites
RyanCarranza::How so?  The Bulls are 12 - 5 without Derrick Rose and with Derrick the Bulls stats are outrageous in rebounds, defense and assists.
NewcastleFanVL::Got at least a 50/50 chance.
manningtobroncos85::and than you woke up...
2bmeizez::I'VE SAID IT ALL YEAR. NOW YOU'RE SEEING IF YOU RUN YOUR OFFENSE THROUGH MELO WHAT HAPPENS. THEY WERE SO DOMINATING JEFF VAN GUNDY SAID THEY WERE "LETTING THE GAME SLIP AWAY" WHILE UP BY 21. THIS IS WHAT YOU GET WHEN YOU LET A SUPERSTAR BE A SUPERSTAR. YOU DUMBA** DUDES TALKING ABOUT MELO PLAYED TEAM BALL SOUND STUPID HE ALWAYS PLAYED TEAM BALL IT'S BEEN HIS D THAT PEOPLE QUESTIONED. BUT HEY YALL DIDN'T BELIEVE ABOUT D'ANTONI EITHER. LET MELO PLAY............THE TRUTH SPEAKS...LOUDLY
hehatemebuckeyes::Hey man your caps lock key is broken - might wanna get that CHECKED OUT.
NOLE6116::Alright NYC..  IF and this is obviously a big if Melo can play as well as Dirk, JR Smith plays as well as Jet Terry, and Lin/B. Davis play as well as Jason Kidd then maybe just maybe you guys could take down the bulls or heat.  Peace
manningtobroncos85::when if's and buts become candy and nuts everyday would be christmas. Lol delusional Knicks fans know nothing about J.R Smith. He will have his worst game of the season next game and look like a chump. Most inconsistent player ever.
stone419::then its a good thing we also have novak
MeeGale757::The defense.
Heatfansareajoke::Poor knicks fans still crying about not wining $@%! with ewing.  How's that 1973 championship
Heatfansareajoke::what future. you are 1 game over .500
Geech63::wat does being 1 game over .500 have to do with the future?
stone419::the future refers to things that haven't happened yet, not games that they already played
P4P Pacman::The Heat own the Bulls in the Conference Finals last season!! Take out Rose!! No one can score in that team!!
P4P Pacman::$@%! the Bulls!!
RyanCarranza::Considering the Bulls are 12 and 5 without Rose, beating Philly, Indy, Orlando, Atlanta and MIAMI!!!!  I say you are false and should keep your mouth shut
stone419::who's crying? we're excited about the team we have now and the future
P4P Pacman::The Bulls can suck my Bulging Dick!! (Ama're Stoudemire's voice)
