Rollinwthrip32::1.	My teacher was very affable when I asked her about my incorrect grade. 2.	My trip to the Rockies was ineffable.
.._Lakester_..::I remember being laughed at, being called a moron for defending Rubio before the season started. Where you guys at now?
Isorfilinde::I don't understand why people made assumptions about him either way before he had played a single game. We've had players who put up impressive numbers in Europe be complete busts in the NBA and we've had players with modest Euro success (Jennings) become good NBA pros. The reality is that you cannot know until you see the prospect in a couple of NBA games. So both the haters and the hypers were wrong...
OSUBLAZIN::How much longer until he is in the starting line up? I have to admit, I was a hater but now I am eating crow. The kid looks legit.
xrobologyx::Agreed.  I used to hate on the kid, but he's definitely shown he can hang with the best of the best in the NBA.  These days, I'm pulling for him, he's fun to watch.
AdidasBball413::Rubio and K-Love are gonna be a ridiculous combo for many years to come.  http://theredshirtchrislehman.wordpress.com/
bigtymer1414::Last year I would have agreed with you. But after drafting Williams, finally getting Rubio over here, signing Barea (been injured but we will certainly help the back court) and getting a good coach there is no reason to leave. They are young, talented, and can offer him the max extension.
mn_tanz::If Love sticks around. I wouldn't be surprised at all to see him leave.
KikyExcel::He is the next Steve Nash
malicem3::I love how Rubio goes from the butt of many Kahn jokes to undisputed Rookie of the Year thus far.  Kid shows amazing maturity.  Ironically maybe these young American NBA players are the least mature of any professionals in any sport.
mn_tanz::Top two in ROY so far, anyway.
Magicmike321::Wow!  I can't believe how bad the wiz are!!!  Wolves looking good
jwusrt11::Wiz will win as many games as the Heat lose....and I GUARENTEE they still dont get the top pick
LolaBird77::It's because the Draft Lottery is a complete JOKE.
FranciscoKern::Where are the Rubio haters?  WHERE ARE THEY?!  I take him over John Wall, any day.
Isorfilinde::I'm also still waiting for Colin Cowherd to show he's a tiny bit of a man and eat a plate full of crow over Rubio's form so far.
Isorfilinde::I know it's insane to suggest that any team could go 0-66, but the Wizards have me doubting. I know they will probably win a couple of games by accident, but still...
mn_tanz::Yeah, I was sure that Indianapolis was going 0-16 this year, and then they win two in a row.
k_nak::With Rubio, this team might be the team I most want to watch.  You want to watch Blake Griffin for the dunks that might happen at any moment but you almost get the same feeling of anticipation for what pass Rubio might throw.  I can't think of the last time the pass was more exciting.  Maybe Magic Johnson?
tulei_yano::at least the wizards will get another player from kentucky. maybe AD or MKG.
anen87::Woohooo Twolves won! Now watch Teen wolf starring Michael J. Fox  http://youtu.be/CRaUijXKUVg
jhaghi::Love what Adelman is doing for the Wolves.  He really is one of the most underrated coaches in the league in terms of getting the most out of his team.
FranciscoKern::Agreed.  Adelman is a great coach.
k_nak::I don't know if he's underrated at this point.  He had Portland in the finals, Sacto could easily have been in the finals if it weren't for the Lakers and that amazing Horry shot, and Houston was playing incredible ball when Ming wasn't injured at that time when they won about 20 or so in a row.  Phil Jackson's Bull and Lakers were just in his way during those years.  I just wish he was the coach of the Clippers now.
Stealth6644::How on earth did Vesely have a plus/minus of -21 in only 9 minutes????
jwusrt11::Loved his air ball on the free throw...wow ....this makes me long for the days of Kwame Brown...(thanks again MJ, you dousche)
k_nak::That +/- of Rubio and Williams off the bench is insane.  Williams should probably be in the starting lineup with Beasley out but maybe they want him to be on the court with Rubio?
mn_tanz::Williams is still learning to play the 3, so even with Beasley out, it means other players will shift to the 3 and Williams will still back up Love or play PF when Love plays C.
anen87::LOL xD
NorthNorth10100::Personally think the wolves should trade Luke ridnour for a draft pick, or at least start Rubio....
LolaBird77::Yeah, Luke is a far better shooter than he gets credit for. At his pay, we'll keep him...besides...JJ has a lingering hammy issue.
FranciscoKern::Only a matter of time before Rubio starts - and they should keep Luke.
CandySparker::Wizards fans are afraid of Rout 66.
SDFifa2010::Thank goodness we won this one but I didn't record the game : Z omg  Anyone have a link to where I can watch this on replay ?
MNwildBB::FSN has a replay at 1 a.m.
nbadeacon::Know Beasley, know problems. No Beasley, no problems.
NovaNationBaby::we played the wizards for god sakes
chinoviking::The Human Double-Double (Love) + El Doble Doble (Rubio) = Better times ahead in Minnie.  BTW: that logo for the Wizards blows chunks. Just make 'em the Bullets again, already. Or move 'em to Waverly Place with that 0-fer record.
Mike Smoove::0-66
thabrandon::I have to give the Timberwolves credit. I didn't think they improved, but now I see that they are not going to be the last place team in the league this year. They will probably be next to last, but still not last. Congrats Wolves.
malicem3::Sucks when your aging team wins one championship and that's it.  They'll be lucky to get back to the Western Conference Finals.
glacks2211::The Wolves will be in the mix to make the playoffs. Probably won't make it, but will surprise many. Rubio, Williams and Love are a better core than the Mavs have considering Dirk is getting old and Kidd is old.  By the way, change that profile picture, the Cowboys suck and will continue to suck until Jerry Jones stops trying to be a GM.
FranciscoKern::T-wolves won't be among the 10 worst teams.  They'll fall short of the playoffs but they're not going to be bottom rung.
ejhova217::Timberwolves lost some close ones to some great teams. With adelman at the helm this team will be tough to beat at home at least.
MNwildBB::I see you have the Dallas Cowboys star in your pic. Does this mean since the Wolves beat the Mavericks you're saying the Mavs will be the worst team in the NBA? No way Wolves are the second worst team. Not even worse in their own division, that's the Jazz.
MNwildBB::It's the facts. Look at the NBA standings right now. There are 8 teams with a worse record than them and none of them give any reason for anyone think they will pull ahead of the Wolves in the standings.
thabrandon::Not a chance.
MNwildBB::8 teams with fewer wins than the Wolves this year.
thabrandon::Their record is not very good. So that does not speak well for them. Their record last season sucked as well so that does not speak well for them. So what else is there to go off of?
googoochu::i feel so bad for the team that will eventually give the wiz their first win.. thats gonna be humiliating, whomever it is
samwsazsa::I think it will be the Raptors
itsaboutteam::Rubio!  So siked to see a guard impact a game the way he does.  Hopefully this is a lesson to many up and coming guards.  That playmaking is more valuable than just getting your own shot off...
Aaron4123::Random question - I'm a wolves fan in California - how the fans at the home games and whats the cost of a decent ticket?  Are Wolves tickets in demand out there?
jhaghi::Fans are a lot louder now that there are more of them.  And the tickets aren't that bad.  I recently moved back to Minnesota from Cali and the prices are cheaper than the Clip's tickets were last year.
eototal::its cheap
MNwildBB::I bought upper level first row tickets for $2/ticket for last Fridays game (CLEVELAND). It all depends on the night of the game and who they're playing. Obviously when Miami came prices were up. Lower level sides have been pretty pricey this year though. I could honestly buy 4 ticket for the price of one beer!
Degenerate_Heat_Fan::With Rubio on the roster, the price of admission has sky rocketed
antistratfordian::Rubio is a fantastic passer.  Great vision and instincts.  A natural.
minnyfan22::1 and 0 with the black jerseys you will be seeing those in big time games when they need the win
tyrekeisabeastkobenot::Ricky Rubio. Like the Supreme Court definition of obscenity, I don't know what "it" is. But I do know "it" when I see it. And the kid from Espana has more "it" than any rookie since Derrick Rose. He is also the best bounce-passing point to enter the league since Jason Kidd did in 1937.
chinoviking::1937. LMAO. Man I needed a laugh, too! Epic.
ic0n2900::i've been saying flip is over rated since he came in...and he's still over rated. A coaching change would be like going from -10 to -5 on a scale of 1 to 10.
FranciscoKern::That's just an absolutely crap roster.  Nobody could win with that collection of thugs.  And that's exactly what it is - a collection of low-character losers - much like the city they represent.
kosherkid-ute::Although we can't downplay the Wolves story... the real story is the debacle of the Wizards. They might be the WORST NBA team of all time. John Wall is regressing, Javale McGee is just as raw as he ever was, and All Day Dray is your captain... The Wiz are in a sad state, and I want them to be good so bad.
odn16::Actually they most remind me of the Grizz from a few years ago when they had Iverson. They had all the pieces Conley Gay Mayo Gasol Zack but they just seemed to be playing for themselves. The Wiz have a pretty decent squad. They just need to figure out how to work together
jhaghi::They have the talent, they just need to develop their chemistry.  The remind me a lot of the Wolves a year ago; they have some bright spots but don't play together.
boom.shaka.::Ha! Ha!  Rubio tanked it to get out of Spain and come here.    Muy bien, Sr.  Muy bien.
TheKDouble::Man Kevin Love is a monster. I would of loved for the Lakeshow to have gotten him instead of focusing on D12.
eototal::they will never get love
ButchBUVAfan1::For all you T-wolves fans, congrats and this is not for you!  This is a shout out to my  Wiz,  HELLO is anybody home?   Just got home and watched tape of game &amp; again I am going to say "Dray, just go on retire man.  You are the biggest, laziest PF in the game.  You are not a 3 or a 2, so try and play like 4. JW, just slow the wheels a tad and you might be able to see your teammates instead of running by their lazy butts all the time.  Nick, you are not Gilbert, so stop gunning all the time.  But most of all,  would somebody, PLEASE, FIRE FLIP SAUNDERS.  He couldn't coach an Easter egg hunt!!!!!  ANd whoever said he was a WINNER needs to be FIRED also!!!   Let's see who can we get in next years draft, cause certainly that is what they are playing like!!!!
SunCaden::timberwolves=dream team
Jaggerton::Their talent is downright scary.  They just need to keep working together and winning, and they will make the playoffs.
fasdfasdfdf68::Rubio &gt; Wall.  Wall's teammates aren't making him shoot 35% with 4 turnovers a game so don't play the teammate card because Rubio makes guys like Anthony Tolliver and Wayne Ellington look good.
jhaghi::I like Tolliver, he's not great but he's a hustle player.  I think he's around more for being a positive influence in the locker and on the bench though.
David Richie::tolliver is terrible. he only makes shots when he is wide open, which is what any nba player is capable of doing
AdamWest234::As much as I agree with you that rubio is better.  Tolliver has always been a pretty solid shooter.
adam0487::Hey Adelman figured out he needs to play Williams and Rubio 30 minutes. Beasley gone, Wolves win, Coincidence, I think NOT!
gowild19::And Darko was -8!
Jaggerton::If you look at it, Rubio and Williams both had a +26 point differential for the game.  It's like CP3/Griffin minus the hype.
MassAmountsOfFrustration456::I posted pretty much the same thing earlier today, lol.
Blitz1821::TEBOW TIME!!!
RyBlueJays::no offence but washington's new logo looks like a dick
anen87::It even has a shaft xD LMAO
Jumane Redway::I never really thought about it, but you're right. SOMEONE should have said something when they were reviewing the artists rendering.
trackotaco::shaft and 2 balls....hahaha
Hair Clippers LA::14 assist and 5 turnovers for Rubio? Is that good, bad, or mediocre?
cordovader::that´s the key, Rubio has had much more international exposure than any rookie coming out from any university in the US
Hair Clippers LA::That guy is coming up...  And 10 games? I'm pretty sure he was an international star who has 100's of games under his belt.
Jumane Redway::3-1 assist-to-turnover ratio for a rookie with less than 10 games under his belt is pretty good.
trackotaco::almost a 3-1 assist to turnover ratio is solid...
trackotaco::John Wall, you are no D Rose...
AdamWest234::Timbawoves!!!!!
herbert21x::Wizards fans please stop supporting a crap product!!!
CandySparker::He is Supernish Ricky Rubio.
herbert21x::Some wizards don't want to play basketball... they are happy with just collecting a check... no work ethic at all so sad!!!  Flip, Ernie(GM), Blanche, Lewis, Crawford, and yes...even Nick Young HAVE TO GO!!!!  Wizards need a coach and GM they respect and another #1 pick , quality vets, and some self respect badly!!!   Syracuse could prbably take the Wiz down!!! lol
herbert21x::Yeah... First things first Fire Flip. But they can't even trade Blanche, Crawford, and or Lewis if they wanted to... Might be good for them to suck this bad for a top pick in the up coming draft and get some low post presence... Let's face it...we (wizards to!) all think they going to lose before they get on the court!
LAfanforlife805::i think they need to fire the coach first and if that doesnt work then trade players
danstraindepot::washinton 0-8
T8ke_A_Picture::Thunder 8-2
TubbyTime334::U are a D-Bag.
KCMac929::Does washington have any veteran's?  Who is the leader in the locker room?  I know Flip is a good coach, so are the players just partying or is their system crap?  They had what I thought a great offseason to run and gun like the heat, but no one is on the same page at all?  Maybe it is Flip, but looks like the lockout hurt the Wizetts more than any other team.
Jumane Redway::Rashard Lewis is not a vocal type of player. They have Sam Cassell on their coaching staff, who's as vocal as they come, but you are limited in what you can do as an assistant.
herbert21x::Player's don't fit his system. Look at the Piston ( Ex all Wizards...) squad he had when he went to all those Eastern Conference Finals... Wiz are all around soft period...like tissue paper.
LAfanforlife805::it the coach if he cant get this team to work together  even with the nets team who won only 8 didnt play this bad
LAfanforlife805::so who will have a worst team the nets that won 8 or the wiz.
