beneblanco::Did he throw Vogel down a flight of steps?
beneblanco::How come Lance S. only got 6 minutes playing time?
ohyeahohyeah23::Big deal, you beat an injury plagued team who ran outta gas from playing the night before short handed. With some bad officiating as well. When DG33 gets back that team will be one nobody will want to face.
Super Gman08::Good to see Brooklyn looking cohesive on the court, as they should. The system Avery was running was undercutting this teams open the court and move the ball talent, by slowing the ball and playing half court isolation. Avery's system is more suitable to a seasoned, grizzled veteran team with a exceptional one on one player, not this team's strength. This team is a team, a cohesive unit with interchangeable parts on the perimeter, Jo Jo and Deron, Watson and M Brooks off the bench, along with a finesse big (Lopez) and some multi-faceted wings (Wallace, Blatche and Evans). There defense is there offense and their offense is their defense. A lot of R&amp;R, rebounding and running!!!  #GoNETS
I Will Win 1978::Started using this online betting system thats called SportsBettingStar.  In my first month using the system, I made around 3K per month in profits.
csallstar11::GOD the EAST is SO WEAK...Indiana is what the 3 seed? they would lose a 7 game series to the 6, 7 and maybe 8 seeds in the west
fcnquotes::Indiana is not a 3 seed without Danny Granger. This team would lose in 6 to the Warriors
Drew6855::The Warriors, ha, as if they will do anything in the playoffs, oh, good one.
Drew6855::Indiana is a legit 3 seed, get your head out of your $@%.
Shamed_Shaun::LOL Indy played Miami better than okc in the playoffs
TreC1983::minus Chris Bosh
Cruz like you mean it::Indy would lose a 7 game series to Portland?....Get your head out of your $@%.
csallstar11::Indy would be the favorite, but it would be no suprise if they lost to Portland, Indy is not a legit 3 seed
Super__Nobody::Way to go NETS!!!  I wonder how long until D-Will ruins this situation with his impossible-to-please ego. Before the playoffs begin for sure.
jeff050578::I think Nets fans need to settle down and take a step back into reality. Yes they have played well since they fired A.Johnson and made P.J. the Head coach but just remember most teams play well after switching head coaches. Look at the Bucks. They have played well since they fired Skiles. Plus, the Nets only beat 2 good teams during this stretch. OKC and Indiana. The rest were scrubs for the most part. It helps they are in the Eastern Conference and most of the teams in the EC are below average. If they are still winning their games at a .600 or higher clip near the end of February then I will believe
jrtall3n7::most teams play well after switching head coaches. Look at the Lakers.
NYChe21::Beating teams that the Nets should beat on talent alone is a good thing.  Beating them mostly by double digits?  A really good thing.
jrtall3n7::3 20-point victories in a row says they're playing with a great deal of focus.
Ucannotbesirius::Guess what Jeff we don't seek or need your endorsement.
nba is the worst::So much for the Pacers (with the easiest schedule) being "the hottest team in the league" - now that's the Nets, 8-2 in the L10.  Avery won't be a head coach in the NBA again...
Drew6855::Oh geez, for real? Brooklyn gets a bunch of calls to go their way because they are on their home court and now they are the hottest team in the league. Please, next game Indiana wins by 20 points easy.
uconn1511::Big time win for the nets especially after trailing most of the game. Since Avery has been fired D will especially looks like a different player. The pick and roll is becoming lethal, lets keep it rolling against the raptors.
uconn1511::agreed, its great to see guys like Mizra, Marshon, and Watson all play quality minutes off the bench, along with the solid play from the starters I am really liking there play right now. I also think that it is pretty much a new team they just needed time to from chemistry
Ucannotbesirius::Agreed!  I think the Nets are on to something big.  PJ appears to have gotten the buy-in from key players.
solocamcan::Since Dec 31st DWill is 32 of 32 from the FT line.
Neil826::their only good win was against okc, and they would lose 9 out 10 to them so they just got lucky.  the other 5 teams are perennial bottom feeders.
capclip9::The Nets are also UNDEFEATED vs. sub-.500 teams. Sorry, folks. But, that's what good teams do. They win the games they are supposed to win. Why do the Nets have to make apologies for that? Fact is, Nets have one of the best records in the East, and the entire NBA. They're GOOD. No other team has a track record like the Nets do against sub-.500 teams. They're taking care of business and playing good ball. That makes them a playoff team. How far they go in the playoffs remains to be seen. There's still plenty of regular season left and time for both a brutal tail-spin and a monstrous winning streak, so we do not know EXACTLY where these Nets will finish up. But, I will say this: when so many people called the Nets frauds for tanking in December, after a terrific November, they have sure showed resolve and resilience in getting back amongst the upper-echelon in the East. The Nets do have heart and determination, and that will go a long way.
spcoon::also forgetting that the nets beat the clips, knicks, celtics (2x)... they're still getting it all together, but compared to last year's .333 team? i'll take .595 at this point of the year.
djny2k12::Yes beating OKC by 20+ points at their own home floor is considered lucky.....uh huh sure!....Nets have a perfect record against sub .500 teams.....which basically means they are beating who they are suppose to!  If all the Nets wins in their recent win streak are against bottom feeders....shouldn't that mean the rest of the so called good NBA teams be able to beat them as well? Oh wait...that's not the case i.e. Wizards beat Heat and Thunder....Pacers beat Knicks and Heat....list goes on.
meltzercool1::They just beat the Pacers....
nba is the worst::And @ Boston, and pretty much anywhere on the road
Taco with a Q::Yeah Pacers are damn good, except today
Hmarko90::i'm out
Rezo201::If you search Johan Petro highlights, only one play highlight videos come up. lol
KiCeKnIcKsFaNforLiFe::Good Night fellow basketball fans ! See you on 21st and i hope the best team wins :)
Hmarko90::;-)
Hmarko90::(nets)
Hmarko90::why were the nets bench dubbed bench mob it should have been called brooklyn zoo!!
Boyanime2K13::Shame on you, they're humans. that's Okay God is Watching''. May he have mercy on your Soul. I'll Pray for you.  Cuz He's  The only one you should fear..God, is  the one who can destroy and kill both  the body and the soul
jcolladay::chill out weirdo
OffTheWater::Fascinating.  It's like this team hit another level after firing Avery Johnson.  The players must've wanted him out BADLY then.
djny2k12::This article is a very interesting read regarding why Avery Johnson was fired.  http://www.netsdaily.com/2013/1/13/3871428/bruce-bowen-and-israel-gutierrez-talk-brooklyn-nets-and-why-avery
Rezo201::Any Nets fans miss Petro? Remember this pathetic dunk attempt? Wait for the closeup replay. lol  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6jdf75IcNA
NYChe21::O god.
Hmarko90::pathetic.
Hmarko90::he jumped wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy to early.
Rezo201::How are you 7 feet and come up short so that you have to throw the ball at the backboard? lmao
KiCeKnIcKsFaNforLiFe::What happened to Sean Williams and Josh Boone ?! I always thought that this 2 players were going to be solid players in this league.
Rezo201::Sean Williams is in jail and Boone is looking for a job.
Hmarko90::u know what annoys me the barclays always blasting isht all the time, let the opposing players fear the crowd not the PA
Hmarko90::yea, i can't wait for the crowd at a playoff game.
Rezo201::I agree, too much noise. They play real good songs, but it's too much. I think they will fix that, many people have said it. Everyone drools over the arena, but then says that right afterwards.
Hmarko90::Brooklyn ZOO  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcsEop0NPGM
KiCeKnIcKsFaNforLiFe::In the last 15 years the Nets had one of the most entertaining teams to watch ! Kidd ; Kittles ; Jefferson ; K-Mart and who was the Center ? I think that it was Williams but i'm not sure.
Rezo201::Not for nothing, but Collins was the most useless center ever on a good team. He literally just took charges and tried to stay out of the way. lol
Rezo201::Man, the memories. Let's mention Keith Van Horn and Sam Cassell for the hell of it. lol
KiCeKnIcKsFaNforLiFe::How can you forget the White Mamba ?:)
KiCeKnIcKsFaNforLiFe::Aaron Williams ! That was the starting Center if i'm not mistaking !
spcoon::nope, byron scott wouldn't play him at the 5. it was one of the reasons we lost to the spurs.
spcoon::jason collins / todd maccullough vs. the lakers, jason collins / mutombo vs. the spurs.
Hmarko90::and zo the next year.
Rezo201::Don't even mention Zo. He was a real d-bag to the Nets after they gave him a chance when no other team would.
Hmarko90::mutombo
Rezo201::Kittles? I think you mean Carter.
Rezo201::Got you.
KiCeKnIcKsFaNforLiFe::No,no i'm talking about the team who went in the Finals !
Joanna Ross::Well Nets fans it was nice having a normal discussion with you guys w/o all the hating see you on MLK Day and good luck the rest of the Way  Knicks fans.. Away we go to London let's get it  Good Night
Rezo201::Later, Joanna. Call me. lol
Hmarko90::maybe?
Hmarko90::night dudette. knicks gonna kill.
Rezo201::I guess ESPN doesn't want people to know who it is moderating the site? Cool.
Hmarko90::does espn have interns monitering every board? i wouldnt be surprised 99%of trolls are espn interns.
Hmarko90::oh my your right. m z i n g a and espn are doing some illuminati $@%!.
Hmarko90::$@%!$@
Rezo201::You can't say M Z I N G A? It's a company....
Rezo201::What the hell?
Rezo201::$@%!$@ moderates ESPN for them.
KiCeKnIcKsFaNforLiFe::It was rare to see PG like Rose and Westbrook 10 years ago ! The only one was Steve Francis. One of the best combo guards in that period !
Joanna Ross::and the greatest of all time IVERSON!
Rezo201::Sometimes I have noticed people can say sh*t and f*ck without it getting edited. I have tried it many times for the hell of it and it never works. lol
Rezo201::I never got banned for saying a bad word for the hell of it, BUT I did get banned for posting a picture of Tom Brady wearing Uggs. lol
Hmarko90::only if ur reported, no?
Hmarko90::i don't really know...
NYSportsFan360::hmm, so everytime I got banned.........which was only a couple times I think...........was cuz someone reported me  aww, now knowing that............thats lame
NYSportsFan360::then u can get banned if u curse
Taco with a Q::Wow Pacers way to lay an egg in the 4th!!!  That was pitiful!
Rezo201::They take bad shots and can't shoot. They're 4-12 when a team scores 90 or more. That says it all.
Drew6855::They score better when they take it into the paint more and without the constant outside threat of Danny, it is harder for our front court to get deep into the paint. George, Stephenson, and Hill aren't always much of a shooting threat outside, but Danny is usually pretty consistent outside the paint.
Taco with a Q::And thats why we need Granger back, space out the floor on offense
KiCeKnIcKsFaNforLiFe::Out of subject , but does anyone remember the movie " The Fish That Saved Pittsburgh" ?:)  Classic movie !
Hmarko90::thats with dr j or someone?
KiCeKnIcKsFaNforLiFe::Yeah with Dr J !
NYSportsFan360::did everybody elses page refreshed recently on its own?
Hmarko90::lol, like i said espn is one big troll. look at deadspin's breakdown of sportscenter.
tkeIcon::ESPN.com bugged out because it didn't understand a thread without tons of trolling.
Hmarko90::i think espn is one big troll.
KiCeKnIcKsFaNforLiFe::Reasonable discussion without trolling or hating :) This is new !
NYSportsFan360::is it just me or did a whole bunch of posts disappear?
Rezo201::It happens a lot on ESPN, I am not sure why.
Rezo201::He did, that is what happens when you say a curse word.
Hmarko90::i did spell it out, they write the symbols. try it.
blue2ballers::if you really dont care you would have spelled out the word, instead of using symbols
Rezo201::Careful, ESPN does not believe in freedom of speech. lol
NYSportsFan360::u saw same thing?  it seemed like my page refreshed and then I was out of here  I came back in and it seemed like a whole bunch of ppl left and a lot that was recently discussed.........disappeared
Hmarko90::because espn sucks. i dont care if they moniter, $@%! the system!
Hmarko90::lakers suck.
Hmarko90::there we go! there's always a laker fan lurking in the reeds
Hmarko90::yea, you're right. sorry for the trollin'
blue2ballers::im a nets fan, but i hate when people go all out and have to post that on a forum about the nets and pacers, come on bro, focus on important things
blue2ballers::jealous fan having to hate on a team when they are down, wow
Hmarko90::just making sure everyone knows that.
KiCeKnIcKsFaNforLiFe::Now when Crash is out i think that the Nets should use this kind of line up ! PG: D-Will ; SG: Brooks ; SF: Joe ; PF: Kris or Evans and C: Brook !  Give Brooks the firs 5 minutes and see how is going and then put Bogans instead !
Rezo201::Blatche is the same situation. He is better off the bench due to his lack of defense and the fact he plays out of control at times. Blatche goes through stretches in games where he thinks he is Kobe Bryant or something. lol
KiCeKnIcKsFaNforLiFe::He is talented and had a nice run in Brook's absence but yeah he is better coming of the bench !
Rezo201::Marshon is better for 15-18 minute spurts. The longer he plays, he gets exposed. He lacks size to defend and he tends to play out of control.
KiCeKnIcKsFaNforLiFe::But most of the SG in this league can't post up. Besides Kobe and D-Wade,most of the SG are spreading the floor guards !
Rezo201::No, Marshon is about 175 pounds, he gets tossed around. He has no chance with screens or post ups.
Hmarko90::yea, the sg is a dying breed. its is turning into a specialists positions. some teams are even using two pgs!
KiCeKnIcKsFaNforLiFe::Well the only size disadvantage would be against Kobe and D-Wade ! Most of the 2 guards in this league are defensively oriented !
Hmarko90::i agree. but they put bogans in because of defense. i always thought they should start brooks and put joe johnson as sixth man they did a couple of times in the season and it worked very well.
1sportslove12::Everyone thinks that Williams is a coach killer, P.J is not a players coach, Don't forget the Latrelle incident.
1sportslove12::Winning cures all....
blue2ballers::irrelevant, nets are on a roll
tkeIcon::Listen to an interview with him, the Spree thing still kills him. If anything he reminds me of Torre when he came to the Yanks, a "disgraced" coach who had put up with a lot of losing who finally seems to have put it all together.
NYSportsFan360::pre 2010 - Dolan was a bad Owner, even tho he is not a true Owner per se, he operates like the Owner  but post 2010 - Dolan has been a really good Owner and has made the right decisions
tkeIcon::What's actually happened (with the Rangers and Knicks) is that Dolan has (for the most part) been more hands off.
NYSportsFan360::one thing about Dolan is that he is not hesitant in paying for a good team  and I like how he stepped in and did everything to get Melo  that was important, we needed a superstar to get to the next level
Joanna Ross::I think all of us can agree F the Celtics, I know that was the only time I was rooting for Brooklyn lol
tkeIcon::C's are a team on the decline full of bullies. Assuming the franchise "reset" when they moved to Brooklyn I think the Nets rivals are:  1) Knicks 2) Celtics  I assume the sixers rivalry will pick up one day (a la mets-phillies).
Rezo201::I learned 2 things from beating the Celtics this season. They don't like when you try to get physical and they pick fights when they're getting blown out.
Joanna Ross::i saw that cheap shot KG tried to pull on Wallace.. he should of smacked that clown
NYSportsFan360::what Garnett does and says is really dirty  its unfortunate he resorts to those type of antics
Hmarko90::yea, seriously, $@% em in the A. although i love rondo he can be a really good second to best player on a team.
NYSportsFan360::I used to be upset w/ Dolan for a long time  but I say from 2010 on......Dolan has been making the right decisions  back in early 2011, there was the Melo saga and he was a hot commodity  and our GM at time was hesitant in breaking up a team that fit Antoni style of play but wasnt a championship formula  so Dolan stepped in and overrided his staffs actions and did everything he can to get Melo and thats been great for Knicks  then.....he decided to let go Lin and bring back Felton and I think thats another good decision
tkeIcon::Disagree about Felton, here's what I'll say about Dolan:  A while ago he stopped micromanaging the Rangers (probably because he realized he didn't care about Hockey and that the team would be better without his involvement). The day he steps away (day to day operations wise) from the Knicks they'll be better for it, they hit the jackpot with Melo but there have been a number of bad moves (Amare among them, though I recognize why they did it) that have his footprint all over them.
Rezo201::I think the Amare deal was bad due to his injury history and his numbers looking better due to Nash. I will say that it was actually needed, though. Amare put them back on the map and made the organization more attractive again. I also think he made a good move with the Lin situation.
Joanna Ross::i don't know about Lin, i wish we could of watch him grow into   the backcourt of the future with Shumpert, but we are built for now and not later so I have accepted that decision
Hmarko90::dolan is as bad as sterling.
Hmarko90::btw tyson leads the league 1.82 points per shot that is .21 more than second place. wow.
KiCeKnIcKsFaNforLiFe::I still think that firing Avery wasn't the right move ! The NEts are still work in progress.
Rezo201::They look like a totally different team. It was needed and the players seem to be happier now.
Hmarko90::at first i agreed with you knickfanforlife but avery wasnt a fit for this team. he was shoehornign his philosophy on a team that cant execute his philosophy. he was basically trying to put a square peg in a round hole.
KiCeKnIcKsFaNforLiFe::Through talking they could solved their differences and be on the same page. This was totally new team and Avery never get a fair chance with this team !
1sportslove12::Is it the Offense or Defense that's winning games for the Nets or is it P.J.?
blue2ballers::all three?
Hmarko90::even thought it doenst look like the numbers say that the nets are doing it with defense.
Hmarko90::nyc agrees on one thing: dolan sucks.
Rezo201::Spike's glasses know more basketball than Dolan does.
tkeIcon::Thank goodness he stays out of the hockey operations for the most part.
Rezo201::Too bad Spike couldn't buy the Knicks.
tkeIcon::I guess, but he's from Brooklyn, claims to represent Brooklyn, should root for Brooklyn. It sums up what kind of bugs me about the Manhttan living late-career Spike. Thought Red Hook Summer was a little patronizing too in a way that his earlier movies never were.
Hmarko90::yea but he bleed blue and orange. cant take that away from him.
tkeIcon::Too bad Spike couldn't stay true to his roots and root for Brooklyn! :)
KiCeKnIcKsFaNforLiFe::One area in which both the NEts and the KNICKS can get better is perimeter D !
NYSportsFan360::so Deron Williams finally stepped up his game this season  so all of that mediocre play under Avery Johnson was just to get Avery fired?  Makes me wonder.
Joanna Ross::That whole situation is odd..It makes me feel like he was tanking on purpose
Rezo201::D-Will claims he is feeling better, which is why he is shooting better. I don't know.
NYSportsFan360::u never with these star players sometimes..........they can be moody
tkeIcon::I don't know about that. I think he liked Avery because Avery gave him a pass on almost everything, never demanded anything from him.
MiamiHeatwaveLBJ4MVP::Didn't I leave a comment about an hour ago saying something about Knicks fans?  Knicks fans, the Nets are built to win in the playoffs. I won't break it down again, but they are. The Knicks are the Suns of a few years ago, but with only one true scorer. No team in the East wants to play the Nets in the playoffs, they have only one weakness that I can think of and that is 3 point shooting. The Knicks have a long list.
NYSportsFan360::I disagree, the myth is that Knicks only shoot 3s but we have a very diverse offensive attack and can score effectively in multiple ways  plus we have a good defensive and rebounding team  so we are build for a long run in the playoffs and are the 2nd best team in the East
tkeIcon::The only team I'm worried about in the playoffs is the Heat, I believe we can beat anybody else.
Rezo201::I don't know about long list, but they have a few.
Joanna Ross::So i got blasted on the boards earlier for saying that during the career of Tracy McGrady he was overrated for never getting out of the first round. Was I wrong for this? Or am I missing something?
KiCeKnIcKsFaNforLiFe::Don't get me wrong but the Joe trade just slowed Marshoon's development ! After the last season i thought that Brooks could be the next great scoring guard in this league. Although he still has time, but this season is clearly a big stepback for him !
tkeIcon::Yeah, he's been better since he's been allowed to play under PJ. His offensive game really does look like a poor man's Kobe (not saying he's nearly as good, but same style).
KiCeKnIcKsFaNforLiFe::At least they should give him 6th man minutes !
Hmarko90::i love how this board turned into a normal basketball discussion with real die hard basketball fans
Hmarko90::portland are one hell of a fan base. but new york lives breaths eats bball. before the nets came in we were hell of a fanbase. we stuck through them through thin and thin. and $@%! dolan.
Joanna Ross::i don't really like trolling.. i had to pay back one person.. but this is a good discussion
tkeIcon::This is one of the best things about now having two basketball teams in NYC, best basketball city in the country (and I say that having lived in Portland before, another great bball town), double the amount of space to talk ball than there used to be! :)
NYSportsFan360::I think I initiated that
Hmarko90::lol mad hubris.
Rezo201::To me Copeland is the most interesting player on the Knicks. We all know what Melo is, but Copeland is important to the Knicks.
NYSportsFan360::he can score..............but he is soft  but man, he can score
KiCeKnIcKsFaNforLiFe::I would say that Cope is the most surprising player in our roster ! He basically came from nowhere !
Rezo201::Yup, the Knicks also seem to win when he plays well. A lot of people don't mention him, but he is actually now important to their success.
Joanna Ross::Copesanity lol
Hmarko90::he has solid per minute stats but can he keep em up with more responsibility ala asik?
