Damon Salvadore::Lakers used to be a decent team  but then Kobe came back.....
Dave Crowder::you are an idiot. Get off of your Kobe hate.
Damon Salvadore::Dave Crowder I see you don't like facts.
Eboni Clay::Why do u believe kobe is the reason for this current losing streak?
Jody George Prats::Dear Kobe, You're mine now. Don't fight it because I win every time. Just retire before I make you look foolish.  Sincerely, Father Time
Gabriel Herrera::Dear Jody,  Your name is Jody. The work is done. Your name is Jody.  Lakers fan
Alex Vargas::Gabriel Herrera huh?
Matt Calloway::Is there a senior league for the NBA so that Kobe can at least compete?
Shawn Bento::Lakers 0-3 with their "savior."  LOL
Gabriel Herrera::Portugal 0-35 when it really matter, ie World Cup, euros. Lol
James Belandres::"kobe is going to dominate again" - kobe fans before he came back "kobe is going to be dominant when he comes back" - kobe's teammates before he came back "we suck but my teammates weren't playing that good without me anyway" - kobe after he came back
David Zimmerman::That was pretty good.
Justin Jenkins::3rd game back loser.
James Carlos Simmons::Ive always been a Kobe hater but i cant stand to see him go out like this
Taylor Price::I think russel westbrooks backup is better than any point guard the lakers have. Id take him over kobe also.
Eboni Clay::The lakers dont have a pg right now so you are right.
Resin Veins::westbrook over Kobe is a no brainer at this point in their careers.. westbrook on the way up... kobe on the way out.
Tim Stratton::classic comment
Jody George Prats::Kobe trying to manufacture a high assist game at all costs.  What a scrub!
Teresa McGarr::Bash him for shooting too much then for passing too much? C' Mon Man
Trevor Hennington::Teresa McGarr Well, if he passes like crap and causes turnovers that hurt the team, should he be rewarded for it instead?
Teresa McGarr::Trevor Hennington - Oh, and how exactly would you "reward" him?
Jody George Prats::Kobrick with 2 turnovers already?   lmfao......this guy is a scrub!
Corey Sharer::hating on him when hes passing more then shoting same old troll.
Edwin Stagg::5x champ
Steve Carroll::Yeah, he's passing to the other team! 9 minutes, 3 turnovers.
Jody George Prats::Thunder 117 Lakers 91 Kobe makes the Lakers worse than they already were.
Corey Sharer::sup troll going to not be here all game? see you at the end of the game im going to watch the game. not just see once in a while on the scoreboard like your pathetic self will do.
Resin Veins::Corey Sharer you mean after the laker loss.
Corey Sharer::Resin Veins did i say they were gonna win? i do hope they do, but i know as a laker fan and kobe fan this was gonna be hard to win. still im gonna be here all game long no matter what. i call myself a loyal fan since of course you've possibly never been.
Michael Winter::Thunder 20 point win
Jason Walls::You're looking like a prophet
Stay Focused::Easiest win of the season for OKC.  They should just cancel this game. Save the Lakers some more embarrassment.
George Brown::Ain't that right
Scott Baker::Those are words easily eaten and hard to swallow!
Resin Veins::Scott Baker you haven't been watching the game then.
Travis Pavich::Kobe Bryant to handle point guard duties? Hahahaha. I see him averaging 20+ shots a game, 3-4 assists, and 4-8 turnovers a game. Kobe playing PG. Yeah, and I am the pope. They can certainly find a better option in the D-League for PG than Kobe. Kobe can't play PG.
Ayn Bland::Seems like the Lakers beat the Thunder pretty badly last season while Kobe was acting as facilitator.
Corey Sharer::he has not even shot that much in his two games you just combined it too seem like your smart but really dumb for trolling a team that is not even facing your team so gtfo dude. stop looking so butt hurt.
Renee Pantoja::Good God Ayn! I can't belive you and Corey forgot to tell us about Kobe winning 5 rings all by himself, oh yes, I heard he once scored 81 points. BTW thanks for not mentioning the two things I just mentioned..
Justin Jenkins::You bash Kobe when he shoots. You bash him when he passes.  Just cut the BS and say you don't like him because you have another favorite player.
Victor Aguilera::and you have a crush on Jason Collins, I am sure.
Justin Jenkins::Victor Aguilera yes i do. yes i do.
Kyle Humphrey::The most truthful comment I've seen so far!
Josh Carras::The rapid decline of Kobe is the karma of being a bad teammate and a rapist. Couldn't happen to a more worthy person.
David C Hall::What do you think of what happened to Paul Walker. Did he deserve his untimely death?
Josh Jordan::lol. Lakers are in 12th place right now as expected. 0-2 with Kobe might as well be 0-3. Thunder are going to smoke these cats.   Final score Thunder 121 Lakers 92
Corey Sharer::youd have some credibility if  were not a troll on every cali team.
Kyle Miller::He's not trolling, just stating facts.
Corey Sharer::Kyle Miller no he trolls he trolled on the Los Angeles angels board and the lakers boards. really is stupid seeing how he is not a fan to this or any team.
Gary Fix::I have been following the Lakers and NBA basketball for more than 50 years, and I don't believe I have ever seen a game where there were three consecutive quarters with identical  scoring by both teams!
Kevin Redmond::All of you keyboard warriors, try coming back from an achilles tear you morons. He's played three games and he came back faster than anyone in the history of sports from what is easily the worst injury you can have.
Jody George Prats::nice try loser
Darryl Hoytt::Not sure if its the worse injury but still good point Kobe is a month out from even getting his body fat down to playing weight
Kevin Redmond::Jody George Prats Brilliant remark, really shows the Victorville in you. Hesperia High eh? Top quality institution.
Josh Jordan::Jodie Meeks shoots a lot of bricks. Must've learned from Kobe
James Belandres::haha kobe forcing the ball out of the flow of offense all night to get his assists up has 7 turnovers, almost half of his entire team's turnovers  twice as many as any starter on either team and idiot fans on here saying he's doing a good job?   lol okay.   because they pay kobe all that money to pass the ball and have 4 pts. kobe knew lakers would lose this game, so he's trying to pretend he was "making plays for other guys" so he can act like it wasn't his fault.
Zach Bergland::Exactly.  Everything he does comes from a point of selfishness and misdirection disguising himself as the self appointed hero.  He's such a fraud.  How dumb are fans thinking it was Howard's fault last year when the only time Kobe would pass him the ball was his 1st game back in Orlando, where Howard has what 40 points and 25 rebounds?  Not sure how Kobe was ever compared to Iverson/LeBron, let alone Jordan.
Mike Plummer::Kobe on the breakaway, he throws down a viscous...layup
Lanard Shakale Brown::kobe 5 rings.. hatersss!!!!!!!!!!!!
Justin Emerson::robert horry has 7..your point?
Corey Sharer::Justin Emerson his point is kobe is a star. you compared a role player that makes you seem really stupid doing it just to hate kobe. stop it.
Jason Walls::Any never again will he see a playoff game :) Excellent career in the books! Look ahead people... Kobe is the past, lebron/kd/ Klove/PG/ etc are the future :)
Jeremy Lugo::I'm sure the Thunder will win this game, poor Lakers the irrelevancy continues,  and btw, the Lakers are wasting their money with Kobe
James Belandres::so glad lakers pay kobe more money a year than lebron since "the decision" lebron only rebounds defends passes scores and everything else his team needs  kobe hasn't been a good defender for over five years he never rebounded well his entire career he's a terrible teammate and since he can't get by defenders anymore he can't get to the rim and get touch fouls to go to the line and isn't quick enough to pull up and shoot over guys so everything is harder for him  but he's worth all that money  more money than lebron makes a year lmao yeah lakers fans are smart
Justin Jenkins::despite all that Kobe somehow won back to back championships in 2009 and 2010 and was named Finals MVP both times. Appearing in 3 straight NBA Finals from 2008-2010.  You're an idiot.  You're bashing a 35 year old Kobe Bryant coming off a major injury in his 3rd game back.  Get a life.
Josh Ahlstrom::KD is just the younger, more aggressive scoring Lebron
Brenton Iverson::2 years from now we'll be discussing Kobe's $48.5 mil contract and how it crippled the Lakers aspirations for another banner. Before Kobe hit the wood we had better chemistry and ball movement. If I were a NBA superstar I would not want to come to Laker Land to be second fiddle to Kobe...He's a non Mother Freaking Factor! He's trying to do too much too fast  which is a recipe for disaster...we're at a level of FUBAR if you follow me.
John Martin::Nope. Don't follow but I do follow a 25 point loss and 0-3 with your super star back.  Bryant is all ego all the time. He wants points to go for the record for most career points. Couldn't care less about the team.
Luke Newton::he took only 6 shots and had 13 assists. What a ball hog with terrible ball movement.
Matt Elmore::John Martin this guy again lol. I think he has something about black/Dominican people; he was talking all this s*** about Cano, now he comes here and talks about Kobe. Forgive him, the game was past his bedtime, so he didn't bother to know that Kobe only took 6 shots and was a facilitator the whole game…hope ur oatmeal is good in the morning, old man
Larry K. Hartley::Kobe will always be just an average player from here on out, this signing will go down as the demise of the franchise.   I love the comments (5 time champion) like he won an individual championship.  He was younger and had a much better team~ now that they gave him all that money and can't get what they need because of it & He is OLD...  Now I'm beginning to wonder who will have a better year the Lakers or the Jazz.
Steve Blesson::Common sense, thank you!
