JYD::There is nothing more gratifying to me than a Miami Heat loss. So sorry I missed watching them walk off the court in defeat,  The days of their GHETTO style basketball are coming to an end!!! Hallelujah!!! I can't wait for "ANY" other team in the NBA to be crowned real champions and send Miami back to the GHETTO where they belong!!! Keep the losses coming "HOOD RATS". I love every single one and will celebrate each one all season long!!!
I State Facts And You Get Mad::If Miami wants to 3 peat, they are gonna have to fire Spo cuz he is a terrible coach, he almost cost them the title last season, Miami had to over come his mistakes, idk if they can do that again.... You know Boston is gonna shoot a 3 so how about guarding the 3 point line, if they make a 2 then so be it, the game goes to OT...  The same thing happened in the Lakers/Rockets game just a few days ago except there was more time on the clock... Also why did Spo have Wade miss on purpose when the Celtics had a TO left...  Apparently Spo would rather lose the game then go to OT
Stephen::The Celtics won the game against the Heats, but I like how the record shows that Miami won this game  to be 5-2 and Boston loses to be 2-5. Typical yahoo to mess up on stuff like this.
GEORGE::yea but, it looks like you will have to wait for another day for such a miracle.
Jmp::7 games into the season and they are already crowinng new champions Only like 70 games left in the season Playoffs matter the most  Miami should play Beasley more 10pts in less than 10 minutes
Cyril::This is what Miami does.  Look at their schedule last year and you'll see some games against weaker teams that they simply didn't show up for.  They always try to rely on "flipping the switch." Only 13 shot attempts for Lebron.  I know he was being unselfish, but sometimes you've got to be selfish, especially when you're having your way with the defense (9/13 from the field).
bald eagle::Boston getting better every game, considering how Rondo has played against Miami, the Celts would have won easily, if he was playing. Miami was lucky to win this, the free throws were the difference.
Ronald::This is like a game 7 in NBA finals for the Celtics. On the other hand, this is like just a preseason game for the Heat.
Ronald::Get back at me if Celtics could make the playoffs this year or Green will even make it in All Star day. One lucky win and everyone jumps on the bandwagon. REAL HEAT is about to begin!!
G Duncan::Well but maybe everyone thought the Celtics were just going to show up but not play, so as to do better in picks next year. But it appears they are beginning to enjoy winning. And a couple of wins will do that for you!
