Meehanski::the nets did everything they could to choke this one out.  oh, well...they can get the job done the next time.
NjFan11::I thought people exaggerate how many 3's Josh Smith shoots, but I was wrong. He shot and missed three in a row at one point.
nba is the worst::Anyone still not understand that the Hawks are better when Josh doesn't play?
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::What's their record then when he doesn`t?
dwade grater den jordan 5.0::brooklin nets &gt; ny nix  just my 2 sense tho nix r burnouts
nba is the worst::Knicks 2-0 vs heat, two 20-pt blowouts.  Heat 2-0 vs Nets, one 30-pt and 1 double-digit blowout.  Knicks &gt; Nets!
nba is the worst::ha ha, that's a LONG time to hold a grudge
NJLion1992::Knicks: tried everything they could think of to sabotage the Nets, including a ridiculous "indemnity" to make us give up Dr. J  Knicks: don't want any competition in what they think is THEIR city  Nets &gt; Knicks
b4-it-became-lob-city::cp3.deron williams eric bledsoe&gt;deron williams -nuff said
mksatx::Atl looking to going home and playing the spurs tomorrow.  And big playoff game for falcon got the atl all excited all over town.
NetsMagazine8::DWILL'S AN ALL-STAR..MAKE IT HIS 4TH
djny2k12::He wasn't playing at an all-star level earlier half of the season so far but has played really well since PJ took over.
NetsMagazine8::YEA BUT THIS WEEK WILL DETERMINE IT.
Hmarko90::i don't think he deserves it. he admitted that himself.
jrtall3n7::If D-Will doesn't deserve it then Dwight deserves it less
Hmarko90::so net fans, are you confident in tonight's win?
jrtall3n7::do you mean Monday night? Not confident at all, the Knicks have a better record for a reason. The Nets are figuring out their style though and should be relatively healthy, so we will compete.
Hmarko90::lets beat the knicks.
NetsMagazine8::HELL YEA...BIG WIN.
wildrhymer::how does a game between two pretty evenly matched teams  have one team shoot 38 FTs and the other only 14 ????
jrtall3n7::If you don't play defense, you commit fewer fouls.
NJLion1992::I didn't know their was a "penalty quota" that had to filled in every game.
wildrhymer::still - I watched that game and there should NOT have been that big of a discrepancy  ....but it is the NBA   - same 2 teams in Atlanta shot the SAME number of FTs
Juwansumonis10::Give this man a tissue!
wildrhymer::sports2516 - nets are a physical team which leads to free throws atlanta is jump shooting team  BS  -  in this game the Hawks took it to the basket more than the Nets ...their starting guards should have shot at least 10 FT's each
sports2516::nets are a physical team which leads to free throws atlanta is jump shooting team
djny2k12::Nets are # 8 in the NBA among free throw attempts (24.4) per game in the league    Atlanta is all the way at the bottom at # 27 in the NBA among (18.8) free throw attempts    http://www.teamrankings.com/nba/stat/free-throws-attempted-per-game
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Damn we're injured, tough gutsy effort anyway and the Josh Smith poster was awesome. Hopefully Lou can suit up soon. That kind of effort was non-existent the past 2 weeks before this Brooklyn series.....I can live with the results no matter who suits up in a Hawks uniform when you play like you want it. Deuces!
Greygoose crew::Avery Johnson you suck...lol
FromAshyToClassy_::can anyone tell me what was the point of the knicks playing in London all awhile getting a mini all star break?
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::And because Nobody in London wanted to see the nets play the Pistons. Or  Lopez playing Euro ball
djny2k12::Not alot of ppl. realize this but when Nets vs. Knicks season opener was canceled....NBA basically had to re-adjust the Nets schedule and have them play more back to back games.
FromAshyToClassy_::correction:  not a mini all star break but a full break since they played the pistons
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Blew the Heat out by 20 TWICE, Beat San Antonio twice too
FromAshyToClassy_::so did the wizards and knicks lol
SuperCMB2011::hey the pistons aren't that bad....they beat the heat...
NjFan11::Good win. Next up is the old and overrated Knicks.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::How is Lou Williams?
wildrhymer::that knee didn't look good ..I can't imagine him NOT missing some significant time
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::a FEW QUESTIONS. What good does the bulls record against the Knicks do if they may not meet in the Play offs? And does anyone realize that Rose will not be that GREAT again until NEXT year chances are?
djny2k12::Knicks have a lot of firepower but when they have played physical teams.....they do not perform well. They have lost to teams like Bulls, Pacers, Celtics, Memphis....these are all big physical teams.    I am not trying to hate on Knicks...they have played well for the most part but playoffs are all played in a halfcourt slow paced style.
tmacc14x94::im still waiting to get a reaction from brooklyn remotely close to the new jersey fans of 02-03. they went absolutely nuts
NjFan11::its not the playoffs, man
FromAshyToClassy_::how can you compare, they went to the finals those years, you wouldn't compare the 03 nj fans to the nj 2010-12 fans?
tmacc14x94::how could i compare the those fans to these fans. all the nj fans left because of what ratner did to the team
djny2k12::Nets have to adjust to quick guards....transition D has to be a focus for this team otherwise all the opponents will use the Hawks/Bucks formula to beat the Nets.
Rezo201::Hawks and Lou just got good news ---------&gt;
lboogie737::Just razzin you Nets fans. Good Luck.
FromAshyToClassy_::Boston is no threat, Bulls lose Deng in the 3rd and and still win.  Bulls however is probably the 2nd best team in the east
djny2k12::Knicks have a lot of firepower but when they have played physical teams.....they do not perform well. They have lost to teams like Bulls, Pacers, Celtics, Memphis....these are all big physical teams.  I am not trying to hate on Knicks...they  have played well for the most part but playoffs are all played in a  halfcourt slow paced style.
djny2k12::I wouldn't count out the celtics.....they are mentally tough and can definitely put some good wins together.  Bulls will never go away because they play hard nosed defense and of course with Rose coming back, it will make that team that much better.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::I agree about the GREAT D they play. But 1st of all he is going to mess with the chemistry and 2nd does ANYONE realize that he will not be the same player until NEXT season?
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Uhhhh, as of right now...the KNICKS are the 2nd best...sorry
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::DJNY look below
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::That is fine. We didn't have Shump, Camby, Sheed, Felton, Amar'e. But point is what good is that record if we don't meet in the play offs?
djny2k12::Haven't the Bulls destroyed the Knicks this year??
FromAshyToClassy_::well the Bulls destroyed the knicks 3 times this year, without Rose
hj60BKNOAK::Bellinelli with a lucky fall away...good win bulls
FromAshyToClassy_::anybody seen Humphries lately?  is he at court dealing with his divorce or what
Rezo201::No, but he is averaging 7 and 7 in 20 minutes. Not bad.
Rezo201::He was signed as trade bait from the beginning.
The Second Return of Silly Goose::bad for a guy making 12 million we should trade him
lboogie737::Nets shot 100 fts in their last two games.
Rezo201::More like the Pacers have to take 100 jump shots to score 20 points.
Flingtheball::over-exaggeration!
Porkchop8920::Lol not true
Rezo201::Reggie is averaging 19.1 rebounds per 40 minutes. People wonder why Brook doesn't get more than 7, there is your answer. lol
spcoon::brook also averages 29 minutes. per 36 he's pulling down 9.2.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::MAN!! I WANTED BOSTON TO WIN!!!!
djny2k12::Nets lost the game by 1 at United Center...they played the Bulls tough and had a 5 pt. lead with a min. remaining. I don't think that classifies as Bulls "killing the nets"
The Second Return of Silly Goose::JESUS I know I am a Nets fan, the Bulls kick the Knicks sorry $@%.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Yes but the celts are far back and I don't want chicago to keep moving up
The Second Return of Silly Goose::Pork Chop I am a nets fan I was referring to the Knicks.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::2nd in the East is "sorry"? We will take that
Porkchop8920::We lost by 1 last time...
The Second Return of Silly Goose::Why because Chicago always kills your sorry $@%.
djny2k12::Celts are in our division...either way it's beneficial to nets.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Don't start with me person!!!
The Second Return of Silly Goose::You know Me and my friend have 2 different Silly Goose accounts so you do not know which Silly Goose I am. Its double trouble!!!!
The Second Return of Silly Goose::Hi you're back. How was your day?
The Second Return of Silly Goose::BROOKLYNNNNN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
spcoon::unless the knicks are the #1 seed heading into the playoffs, lebron is a lock to get mvp.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::Stop that DUMB PRErecorded chant that only 368 people actually say....lame crowd
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::LOL....that was funny. But it's not just us ALL the analysts a lot of players and almost every coach we have played against said it. So they are wrong and haters are right?
The Second Return of Silly Goose::Melo's MVP chants drowned out the Brooklyn chants. Hm that is an interesting reality. . . . both Melo winning MVP and Knicks fans being stupid enough for believing that.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::ASHY Why do you think that chant bothers people?
The Second Return of Silly Goose::We will kill the Knicks on monday.
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::I've been too. You know when Melo's MVP chants drowned out the Brooklyn chants.
FromAshyToClassy_::BROOKLYNNNNN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Second Return of Silly Goose::Nah the whole crowd says it I've been there.
lboogie737::Nets w/o the Refs = Bobcats
lboogie737::Yeah thats what they all say,    -Heat fans
The Second Return of Silly Goose::Pacers w/o D = New York Liberty.
djny2k12::Nets are top # 10 in free throw attempts....they are a more physical team....stats don't lie
Porkchop8920::I'm sorry we attacked the rim and got 13 more rebounds than the hawks...
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::you are a funny Pacers fan, dont hate because the Nets attack the basket
djny2k12::Nets are # 8 in the NBA among free throw attempts (24.4) per game in the league  Atlanta is all the way at the bottom at # 27 in the NBA among (18.8) free throw attempts  http://www.teamrankings.com/nba/stat/free-throws-attempted-per-game
FromAshyToClassy_::working that paint
Pittsburgh Sports Fan 60::the Nets are going to have to bring the intensity on the road, but they already have as many wins as they had each of the past two seasons
Lemuel7043::http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=LtOEh1VMCiI  J-smoove poster
hj60BKNOAK::Yea it was bad..lol
Cannon_Paps232395::Woohoo Draft time for Today:  http://tinyurl.com/nba-free-draft-challenge4
159Yanks::Nets needs to find a way to stop Melo
hj60BKNOAK::S You're right about that..but they've cooled off some from three point range..dwill is hot right now &amp; nyk is vulnerable right now..jj gonna have to bring it against shumpert
Rezo201::The last game they finally doubled him on the perimeter to get the ball out of his hands, it worked well enough. You won't totally shut him down unless he is off.
NYChe21::Definitely.
Rezo201::Sure did!
Lemuel7043::you got robbed by that 3 point + foul of Jason Kidd haha
Rezo201::20 rebounds in 29 minutes for Reggie. Light work.
hj60BKNOAK::Good job Lopez with game saving block &amp; rebound..Evans killing the glass..Bring on the Knicks on Mon!!
RNYC::What's the deal with Lou Williams?
Lemuel7043::injured :(
159Yanks::Bulls and Celtics game is a good one too
Lemuel7043::Is this what the Lakers call "Moral victory" for us?
Rezo201::I thought overall the Hawks played solid, I don't think either team played good.
Juwansumonis10::confused by your statement.
whiteytheoldman1::Nets .VS. Hawks at Brooklyn with no Al or Lou. They shoot 24 more free throws than ATL and only win by 5. Thats really not a win to beproud of. A win is a win.but good lord.
djny2k12::Do you really want to go this route? I could come up with the same excuse for the last Nets loss against the Hawks. Nets were playing on a back to back game in Atlanta on tired legs. Nets have had their share of injuries as well losing Brook Lopez and Gerald Wallace for some time. It is what it is. Injuries are part of the NBA....every team has it.
Rezo201::They only made 15 more than the Hawks and 18 turnovers. 15 more than another team isn't unusual, the attempts were.
Juwansumonis10::18 turnovers, and D-will was 0-9 in the second half. Nets were able to grind it out and win still. Oh yea and if they actually hit free throws it would of been a blow out.
thekola::they worked hard for those extra FTs.
Lemuel7043::We got embarassed, just got out of a slump, and then bam! Injuries! all time low
Rezo201::Smith has to stop with the 3's, other than that, I like his game.
Lemuel7043::He was desperate for a comeback. I understand him
thekola::his attitude stinks
HawksRule702::did Horford PLay?
Boyanime2K13::Sadly no sorry
nets1fan_::Gutsy Win Nets!!!!  Wat To Go :)
Lemuel7043::Can't play the "IF" game. But yeah, totally a different game with Horford and Lou. Oh well, I hope Lou doesn't have a serious injury.
Juwansumonis10::And then remember all those games we had Avery Johnson as a head coach, that cost us LOL!
djny2k12::Every team has injuries...it's part of the NBA season. Nets would have a better record had they not lost Lopez for 7 games or Wallace being out.
Alex4ATL::jerry crackhouse lol.
Juwansumonis10::And IF the Nets had Stackhouse.....uhh LOL just kidding.
Lemuel7043::haha
Juwansumonis10::I looked at Teague's season stats, not that impressive. Is it unusual seeing him play the way he has against the Nets these last 2 games Hawk fans?
Juwansumonis10::And what's your opinion of Harris?
jackson0780::Garbage -mark cuban
Alex4ATL::teague improves every season.
Rezo201::He looks like AI in his prime against D-Will.
Lemuel7043::he has the potential. If you look at his stats by season, he is improving a lot every season
Mets2410::nice way to bounce back Nets!
rayjayisle::NICE WIN BY NETS, GOOD BOUNCE BACK
Jordan014-23::why didnt horfort not play?
159Yanks::Is this consider a win against an easy team Knicks fans?
Jrunes520::when you get a 38-14 free throw edge...
Jrunes520::THE NETS BEAT ATLANTA! START THE PARADE!
159Yanks::Dont tell me that Atlanta is an easy team to beat because they are not
159Yanks::Hawks are a very good team
Rezo201::It only counts when the Knicks beat the Pistons.
Alex4ATL::Different outcome with lou and horford.
AGermanTaco v2.0::Good game hawks!!! A real nail biter! Your guards proved to be very efficient!!
