T.c. Brown::Wtf do you mean "a meeting with the Bobcats should change that?"  ESPN is a joke.
Eric Hines::It's all good we got em
Andrew Weitzer::Every loss for the Bucks is a win for Milwaukee.  Wiggins/Parker/Randle will be the key to keeping the bucks in Milwaukee
Brad Willam Bundshuh::Watch them end up with the fourth pick. Because the NBA has it where you can be the worst team in the NBA and yet you won't be able to get the best player available, instead a team like the Bulls get it.
Michael DuPont::When you lose this bad to the Bobcats you know its time to give up on the season
Kevin Nett::Bucks losing won't even help. I can see NBA rigging the draft again like a few years ago when Bucks went in with 3rd best chance at #1 pick and ended up 6th. If Bucks have 1st or 2nd best chance at #1 pick this year they will end up 4th or 5th. NBA will make sure of that.
Michael Maiorano::The Bucks have the worst roster in the NBA. When OJ Mayo and Caron Butler are your best 2 players you are in serious serious trouble. If they win 15 games it will be a miracle.
Dale Maddox::The starting 5 had a total of 16 points?!??  That's a record, right?  Has to be.
Keith Teoh::not good in maths huh?
Dale Maddox::Keith Teoh I think my problem is with counting.
Charles Simpson-Brown::first time i've seen bobcats up 20 on a team in recent memory
Nathan Sapsford::welcome to Milwaukee, Dante Exum
Brad Willam Bundshuh::Bucks have to be the worst team in the NBA.
Kevin Farmer::2-10 let's get it done.
Joshua Hsu::Coach K thinking that NBA teams don't tank is a complete joke. Just go watch a bucks or jazz game. These teams limit their best players' minutes like crazy and clearly have no business showing up for some games (i.e. mayo and butler tonight). wasting fans' money.
Derik Dolajeck::Why is Larry Drew the coach of this team.  They need to stop hiring old retreads.  I really wanted them to hire Brian Shaw.....Oh to be a Bucks fan.
Josh Klipping::http://tobtr.com/s/5734833 Check out this live Post-Game Podcast at 11:30 C/T
Brent B Jacoby::this is what happens when brandon knight plays. a lot of turn overs and bad shooting
Joshua Hsu::go check the tape - knight had two easy dishes for dunks, but he elected to shoot an off balance running one handed floater for bricks. hard to watch.
Cory Nope::Hes been hurt, and its not like he was lobbing passes into Al jefferson.
Matthew Brehm::Good to see the Bucks getting wiped. One loss closer to that top pick!
Joshua Hsu::the bobcats look terrible. so that means the bucks look...?
Jason Rosenbaum::Bobcats are an average team now. They have Al Jefferson, who is probably the best post up player in the league.
Clarence Bolssen::are the bucks trying their best to get number one pick? they suck!
Kevin Farmer::Yes they are.
Clarence Bolssen::this is pathetic, getting blown out at home yet again!
Clarence Bolssen::wow losing by 27 at home and hitting only 35% for the game.
Jason Rosenbaum::I almost feel bad for the Bucks. Almost.
Kevin Farmer::I'll take wiggins/parker
Kevin Farmer::Or randle/exum/ smart
Derik Dolajeck::One of those guys will get drafted by the bucks then quit instead of going to milwaukee.
Clarence Bolssen::lol
Clarence Bolssen::no starter had double digits, wow
Goon GotCash Rob::Tank bucks in Wiggins we trust
Clarence Bolssen::the does are a joke yet again
Kyle Miller::2-10. Go Bobcats!
