Julie Price::Wade: 50% shooting, 17 points, 5 rebs, 8 steals, 8 assists...impressive. Doesn't look washed up to me.
Haris Khan::Wade is still better than that brick harden!
Allen Greene::That's the Dummies at ESPN for you. I would take a 50 percent Wade who has helped win two titles over Harden.
Agatha Greentooth::Julie Price: More like Main fade_tokyo
Jody George Prats::39 points on 77% fg / 100% form three / 95% free throws   BEAST!!!
Jonny Felix::Don't worry as soon Lebron leaves...90 percent of these bandwagoners would be gone and attendance would plummet.
Agatha Greentooth::Jonny Felix Wait, since it takes a troll to know a troll, and you knew that Bryce Morgan was a troll.... ..... ..... does that make you a troll? Welcome to the troll club, friend!
Jonny Felix::Agatha Greentooth ,I'm not a troll because i post factual information.
Jody George Prats::LeClutch has the haters balled up under the bed
Colin Uza::Kobetards enjoy their savour shooting tons of shots and jacking up fadeaway threes while being double teamed.  Meanwhile, Lebron makes the right basketball decisions and creates easy buckets for himself.  He also is extremely unselfish and one of the best passers in the league.  Furthermore, Lebron shot over 40% from three last season. Lastly, LBJ shot 46% from 16-23 feet last year, 2nd among small forwards behind Kyle Korver, and ahead of the likes of Carmelo Anthony (43%), Paul George (37%), and Kevin Durant (43%). Kobe shot 40% from this range in 2013 for the record.  I think these stats are testament to LBJ's progressive shooting improvement throughout his career and his ability to consistently make the right basketball decision on the court, rather than blindly jacking up contested shots to the detriment of his team.  Overall, LBJ has shown himself to be the best basketball player in the game today with the most well rounded skill set and one of the highest basketball IQ's in the league.  I thoroughly enjoy watching him play, even though I am not a fan of his team.  I think it is very important to appreciate his once in a generation talent while we still can, not meaning that you have to necessarily cheer for him to win, but rather respect his greatness.
Justin Jenkins::LeBron 2007 NBA Finals vs Spurs - Lost 4-0  Game 1: FG: 4-16. 14 pts 6 turnovers   Game 2: FG: 9-21. 25 pts 6 turnovers  Game 3: FG: 9-23. 25 pts 5 turnovers  Game 4: FG: 10-30. 24 pts 6 turnovers  LeBron 2011 NBA Finals vs Mavs - Lost 4-2    Game 1: FG: 9-16. 24 pts 1 turnover Game 2: FG: 8-15. 20 pts 5 turnovers Game 3: FG: 6-14. 17 pts 4 turnovers Game 4: FG: 3-11. 8 pts 4 turnovers Game 5: FG: 8-19. 17 pts 4 turnovers Game 6: FG: 9-15. 21 pts 6 turnovers
Corey Hardin::2007???? It's 2013 now genius.
Prince Lacaste::39 pts, 14-18 fg. #MVP
Jody George Prats::true that
Chase Wilson::Jody George Prats  LeBron is leaving Miami. Its ok, you have all season to cry
Marcleen Bavogui::Chase Wilson did he call u to tell u that??
Fabian Garza::Right after ESPN comes up with an article about Paul George and Kevin Love being leigit MVP contenders, LeBron once again puts the MVP race to rest.
Justin Jenkins::to rest? please...Love and George have been doing it all season to start the season...and they dont have a stacked team around them.
Brandon Tigues::Justin Jenkins and lebron hasn't? he's averaging 25 ppg on 58 percent shooting..50 percent from 3 and 7 assist..what's paul george doing?
Justin Jenkins::Brandon Tigues Paul George has his team at 9-0...Best record in the league moron.
Matt Thomas::EASY PEOPLE this is the 9th game of the season.  We have 73 more games after this one to watch the Heat torch their opponents and listen to butthurt fans talk about when Dallas finally won a title because Dirk finally played big man basketball.  The fact is is that until the All-star break everything said by the haters about LBJ and the Heat are all butthurt comments and should be dismissed as such.  For those still trying to say LBJ sucks or is a choke artist you lost your privilege to talk when he won his 4th NBA MVP, his 2nd title in a row, and his 2nd Finals MVP in a row.  Whats funny is you are all trolls.  You cant just sit back and watch greatness and enjoy it.  You have to hate it.  The league was garbage before LBJ came.  When MJ left everybody was like "What?!  The NBA still exists?"  So just hush and sit back and enjoy watching this man keep the NBA in a relevant state for the short time he is here.  Because one day, 10 years from now, you're going to look up and be watching a Lebron-less league and you're going to go look in the mirror and say to yourself "Why could I just not stop hating?"
Shawn Bento::did not read LOL
David Sistrunk::Love when people make sense then immature clowns make stupid comments.. trying to be funny. . Where's the "rebuttal"?!
Tyrone Scuffling::Shawn Bento You meant to say "could not read" due to your stupidity.  It's ok.  I'll pay more in taxes so you can afford to eat.  Even idiots shouldn't starve to death.
Fjodor Balla::No matter how many titles they win, I will never respect the Heat organization.They are being treated by the media like the first team ever to win 2 championships in a row.That said, I think their run will come to an end this season. As for Lebron, this choke artist who was just a miraculous offensive rebound and Ray Allen's 3 pointer away from becoming the laughing stock of professional sports once again, he's just a muppet used by the media and by NBA to suck money out of bandwagoners around the world.This self proclaimed king will get exposed many more times in the future, especially when he will not be able to attack the basket on a consistent basis anymore and will have to rely on his sub-par jumper.The Mavs clowned him.The Spurs did it as well for the first 3 games..and then let the championship ring slip away.
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Fjodor Balla, I don't think the Heat really cares for your respect, sir!
Joe Lopez::I like your attempt at looking intelligent by taking a picture of you playing chess.
Fjodor Balla::Joe Lopez Being a chess player doesn't mean you are intelligent.That's just a common stereotype among people...its the human nature.Chess is 99% hard work and 1% talent...just like every other discipline.Nobody is stupid and everyone can be a very good chess player if he loves the game and has time to dedicate to it.
Justin Jenkins::Heat fans are the worst fans in the world....they cant even sell out home games....empty seats all over the stadium ...pathetic.
Johnny Tuzzoli::Except that Miami sells out every game and is #4 in attendance again http://espn.go.com/nba/attendance  MORON!!!!
Alexander Ezidore::I am  a KING JAMES fan
Justin Jenkins::Johnny Tuzzoli explain all the empty seats then moron.
Brandon Sims::Fjodor Balla......Shut the F--K UP!!!!  Your a moron!  To win Championships you need a little luck, and this is true in all sports. Lebron a choke artist, WTF have you been watching the past couple seasons??? Its clear you havn't been watching Lebron's mastery of the game.  Oh and BTW what happen in last years game 7? I didn't see any choking in that one!  I rest my case!!!
Fjodor Balla::Your a moron? I'm not a native speaker and I can spell better than you.Guess who's the moron...
Vincent Pollio::Bunch of clowns imho.
Alec Legg::Only choking going on after game 7 was Brandon on LBJ! SMH, you're from Cali. Are you the biggest Heat "fan" also???
Steve Rosset::Lebron fifth in league in scoring and shooting a full 10% above anyone else in the top 10.
Brandon Tigues::not only that he's attempting just 16 shots a game..the 4 players in front of him are also attempting more shots
Tyrone Scuffling::Nice stat, Steve.  His efficiency continues to climb through the stratosphere.
Jody George Prats::LeBron is flat out ridiculous.  Another MVP?..........Comin Right Up
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Kevin Love will win MVP
Jody George Prats::He's good but can he do it all year?
Justin Jenkins::Paul George and Kevin Love > than anything LeHype has done
Jody George Prats::In Other News:  Kobe Bryant is still a scrub
Justin Jenkins::your life must suck if you have to keep talking about Kobe when he hasent even played this season lmao...losers.
Scott Baker::In other news.........even though Kobe has not played a game this year he still has 3 more rings than LeBron.
Agatha Greentooth::Justin Jenkins Are you black?
Brandon Johnson::Mavs 105 Heat 95
Agatha Greentooth::Thanks for the score, honey.
Tyrone Scuffling::When was that score?  It's cool though.  You're a Mavs fan and that's ok.
Haris Khan::Justin Jenkins bringing the past like any other sore loser hahaha! We all know what happened to the mavericks during the christmas game of 2011! The chumps were losing by as much as 30 points and lebron was creaming them with 37 points. Ever since lebron has won 2 mvps and 2 final mvps and has put up some of the greatest stats ever by any individual in basketball. All these guys on espn can put down lebron but hes always proving them wrong.
Matthew Stone::And last finals he got bailed out by Pop not having TD in to grad Lebrick's bricked three, then a pair of split FTs and R allen hitting a clutch three
Haris Khan::what about game 7? Wait hold on this moron will label lebron as brick for that game too! And yes did you forget the fact that James scored like 16 points in game 6?
Matthew Stone::Haris Khan even a broken clock is right twice a day....he got lucky, pure and simple.
Alan Ogg::hater ogic -  heat win by 40 points- BOOOO boring game! heat are too good for the mavs.. plus its JUST a regular season game  heat win by 4 points- WOW, ONLY 4 POINTS!??? whats wrong with these guys!  heat lose by 1 point- z0mg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the heat wont 3 peat! they suck!
Alan Ogg::logic*
Zac Sells::You are showing why you work at McDonalds bub...
Sina Soheili::That may be true but on numerous occasions u have said the Dallas Mavericks 2011 title win over ur bandwagon loving Heat was a fluke??? Is that hating on your part too???
Nolan Hughes::So do all the idiot LeBron haters still call him LeBrick??? 5 of his 9 games shooting above 60% and each of the 9 games above 45% from the field.
Justin Jenkins::Easy to shoot 60% when half your shots are dunks and layups moron
Tyrone Scuffling::Justin Jenkins How much does ESPN pay you to sell your soul as a moron?
Bryce Morgan::Tyrone Scuffling obviously not enough for him to afford a shirt
Josh Jordan::The Heat will go up by 15 in the 4th quarter, Mavs will come back and tie it up, Dirk makes the go ahead layup and Wade will miss a half court shot to lose the game.   Mavs win 95-93   Go Mavs!
Fjodor Balla::up 15 with 6 mins to go in the fourth quarter - fixed for ya :)
Brandon Johnson::Wade and Lebron will fake cough while bumping chests at half court right before Mavs make their comeback.
Julie Price::Looking at the Heat schedule...they might be 15-3 going into their game @ Chicago on Dec 5
Scott Baker::Key word "might" Unless the Sixers get to them first.
Julie Price::Scott Baker they don't play philly between now and dec 5
Scott Baker::Julie Price I guess that is a plus for your beloved heat. Perhaps the Raptors will be up to the task.
Justin Jenkins::mavs should be up 10+ pts...but thanks to the refs...heat have a free throw party.
Alexis Echevarria::CRYING ALREADY?
Bryce Morgan::you sure its not the 64% to 47% difference? Or the 15 to 11 rebound difference? Or the 7 steals and 4 blocks to 4 steals and 0 blocks difference? No? K
Bryce Morgan::hell if it wasnt for these 3s, the Heat would be dominating
Brandon Tigues::39 points and didn't even need 17 ft's to do it..take notes kevin durant
Dezmond Scott::It's not KD fault he gets fouled so much.
Andrew Lipham::this one will get ugly early.  heat by 20+
Luke Tucker::hahah Lacy Evans stop crying
Bhingboy Robles::Dallas will take this one! Lets go MAVS!
Shawn Catlin::I'm a mavs fan and I support them to death but I don't see them winning this one bro
Fjodor Balla::Back to the scene of the crime for Dirk and Matrix...sweet!
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::You mean the one where he missed the free throws that gave the Heat life and went on to win the Finals in Dallas? SWEEEET
Fjodor Balla::No...that was the one when Stern couldn't stand Cuban and decided to make Wade the new Jordan.I'm talking about 2 years ago when he made Lebron and Wade his biatch.
Brandon Johnson::Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts The crime was the 84 free throws D-Wade shot in the 4th quarter of game 5 and the phantom foul that gave them a tainted title.
