thenysport::<b>Melo's Dinner                _____        _..--'''@   @'''--.._      .'   @_/-//-\/&gt;/&gt;'/ @  '.     (  @  /_&lt;//&lt;'/----------^-)     |'._  @     /   ~    ~     ~  l     |~  ''--..@|',  ~    ~     ~  l     |  ~   ~   |/ |----------------     | ~~  ~   ~|.      '._ ~ ~ ~ |,          ''--.~.|/  </b>
thenysport::.-' '--./ /     _.---. '-,  (__..-`       \    \          .     |     `,.__.   ,__.--/       '._/_.'___.-`
MageMaster001::hawks need to get zaza more time, dudes a beast
jhbuck51::Harden single handedly beat us. i give him props and props to houston for going out and getting him.
jasondmce1978::Haha the beard has been unleashed!  Durant would put up crazy numbers as well playing without Westbrook.
alphamonad::Wouldn't it be ironic if Harden beat out Durant to be the scoring champion this year.........
mrdude4290::Harden &gt; KD &gt; Westbrick
tthreat23::C'mon now? You don't really think that Harden is better than KD do you? And I rememeber "Westbrick" dropping 45 on the Heat. He's a good guard. He just shouldn't be playing with a player like KD.
Gonzo.Army.1989::Westbrick needs to be traded. Okc won;t make the finals again.
POSTBUSTERSo_O::This is crazy
tungcn2010::Machado is not playing cause he's still mad at Lin for the misinfo.
ban94shee::We know we are not great but it is about time that Morey got his trade that he has been seeking since he arrived. I do believe he has another one up his sleeve, lets be patient...Go Rockets!
KentuckyAlum2012::I wonder if all those Kevin Martin lovers still think he's better than James Harden. Harden has had great performances in back to back games. There shouldn't have been any doubt that Harden&gt;Martin, if it wasn't obvious then, it should be now.
kevinloveistherealmvp::ghefgfgf
kevinloveistherealmvp::i knew all alove harden was better than durant i knew this
t casey::It's a little too early for that, but Harden is proving that he is at least a star and leader in his own right.
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::holy crap the beard is doing his thing. congrats.. glad man can shine and get paid! and yes im a thunder fan
haroldpurplecrayon::Harden for MVP
Gonzo.Army.1989::So far he has been the MVP for two games lol
Harden4MVP::All Day!
DaBeardedAsian::HARDINCREDIBLE + LINSANITY = BLACKANESE CONNECTION!!
TaiGrr69::I love this no $@%!
Gonzo.Army.1989::Rush hour 2. TMac &amp; Yao. Now Lin &amp; Harden. Rush HOUR TWO
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::lol.. i liked it actually.
Harden4MVP::um yeah--A little too much.. This is whack and so are you.
DaBeardedAsian::RELEASE THE KRAKEN!!!
patriots_05_06::If you don't have an "in" next to your name I won't even read what you put. So many uneducated people in this conversation.
Harden4MVP::" I won't read what you put ".. now that's uneducated.
Schonzarelli::Sorry Harden4MVP, you didn't pay a few bucks for the "in", therefore your input is uneducated so he didn't read what you put.
Koldrush::LMAO
floyd fairweather.::James Harden is the greatest NBA player of all time.
Gonzo.Army.1989::Mayweather wont fight pac man fact
Harden4MVP::Mayweather is the greatest of all time!
strongisland06::I think you meant the greatest player the past 3 days.
MrMixitup::All this "RIGHT NOW MANIA" is getting a little out of hand. James Harden has had great games indeed (men lie, women lie, Harden's numbers don't). But before we claim James Harden as the next Lebron James, let's look at two of the most IMPORTANT factors. The first is that teams have not had a chance to scout him on this current Houston team. He is no stranger to success and certainly didn't come out of nowhere but NO TEAM could of possibly prepared for a team with a NEW look JUST before the season. The other factor and probably the most important factor to Harden's success is that he played against two of the worst teams in the Association. Atlanta is not only without an identity, they are without talent, Josh Smith is less talented than Jamal Crawford and Crawford comes off the Bench. The Detroit Pistons have become the NBA's version of MIKE TYSON'S (Nintendo game)  PUNCH OUT "GLASS JOE!!" who was a boxer named for his lack of heart, fight, skill, and desire to even be in the ring.  So when Harden is scoring 30 per come February (or even January) against top tier teams then we can talk James Harden's greatness.
Vega_2012::MrMixitup. Your an idiot, why are you even talking basketball on this board? Before their first game Harden hasn't even practiced with the rockets, this is a whole new team that has no experience playing together. It doesn't matter who their opponents were, the fact that harden put up 37 then 45 points with a team that he hasn't played with is impressive. I don't see Dwight Howard putting up those kind of number with his new team....
Harden4MVP::Your argument fail to point out the impact Harden has made on the Rockets. They were at some point also one of the weakest teams in the association, but he has instantly established respect with his play, therefore making them a force to reckon with (along with Lin). He is arguably one of the best players in the league (an Olympian) and also put up a 45 pt game last year. He is now unleashed and will continue to be the pillar on that squad.. regardless of his scoring-he has so many other intangibles and will fill the stat sheet while simultaneously making others around him better. Trust me- he will be the same Harden when it counts. He has the "keys to the car" and more confidence- two elements that has elevated his play.
Harden4MVP::I'm happy for Harden.. Good Riddance OKC.. Hello Rockets! Time to ball
HxOxUxSxTxOxN::Rockets needs now are back up PG,PF,and a SF.
Gonzo.Army.1989::We need the two position. Honestly we dont have anyone. Center, Asik and smith-Aldrich and D-Mo. Pf, Morris, pat and T Jones. SF Parsons and Delfino... Harden is our only true two guard, Douglas isnt good, Need to plug machado in .
H7.14Rockets::And we're good with the PF. It's our SF and SG back-up spots that needs help.
RNYC::Harden is there for 5 yrs. Lin for 3. Give it time. U guys will suck this yr. but it's all about the future
J_Hard_beard::yea, 2-0 is sucking when you consider in the dictionary, sucking means the exact opposite..how about you suck forever and leave the analysis to the educated?
H7.14Rockets::Machado can very well be the back-up PG but he's not playing for some reason.
lbcguy2000::Toney Douglas is horrible.
blackjack30000::NEW VIDEO UP NBA WEEK 1 UPDATE COMMENT AND TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0G94Mvq70mo&amp;feature=youtu.be
bphatness2::Morey for President. Harden for Vice President.
Harden4MVP::Harden for your Dad.
J_Hard_beard::except politicians are liars.. i like morey for king and harden as a knight or something similar..you guys chime in..  basketball &gt; politics
bphatness2::Agreed. Morey for king, Harden as Knight. It has been spoken!
H7.14Rockets::Expecting this rotation by mid-season: Jeremy Lin - Machado - Toney Douglas James Harden - Delfino - Cook Chandler Parsons - Delfino - Patterson Morris - Patterson - T.Jones Asik - Motie - Aldrich
Gonzo.Army.1989::Smith is playing the 5 now. But I want them to plug in D-Mo. He has ton of potential.
H7.14Rockets::I think Morey has another trade up in his sleeves... possibly might trade Terrence Jones, another player, and a pick.
J_Hard_beard::i like both prospects of jones and white...it was hard to see jeremy lamb go...only exception would be morey's genius going to work...who knows whatg a genius has between his ears,,,
H7.14Rockets::Seriously, I wanted the Rockets to draft Jeremy Lamb and bam, it happened. I was so keen on him that I didn't care if Rockets drafted him for a Top 5 pick. But, we had to trade him instead of one of our young PFs... though Jeremy is probably more appealing to OKC.
CBass1317::No real reason to with max cap space coming this summer.  And with two guys maxed, plus expensive deals for Asik and Lin, you will want cheap quality players like Jones to fill out the roster.
H7.14Rockets::Yeah but Morey's pace has been rapid thus far. You can't help but expect him to pull another trade. It's either Jones or White who's going to be gone from this team.
J_Hard_beard::ok, i would like to address this whole "coming back down to earth" crap...  ok but coming back down to earth from averaging 41 points a game is what 25 a game? still an all-star..still a massive upgrade both individually and for the whole team in terms of what his drives and kick outs do for the whole offense! Kevin martin could not do any of that! win win either way!    we dont need to wait for crap, we're enjoying the moment and eager for the future!
bamberg1977::Who said he wasnt going to be an all-star mr. sensitive. He's going to be a superstar. I think you're underrating him.   The problem with your post below was you were getting pretty geeked up about how good Houston can be. But obviously they have one player playing on another planet. When Harden comes back to Earth Houston will get worse, no matter how many modest improvements the team makes chemistry-wise or developmentally. He's going ape-crazy
bamberg1977::Might I say, I knew James Harden was good. I was begging Pistons to trade for him since January. But I didnt know he was THIS good.   Pistons had Stuckey and BG and picks, they could have made a deal equal or better than Houston until they gave away BG and a 1st rounder just so they didnt have to pay him for 1 year. Brilliant Dumars!
CBass1317::Stucky, Gordon and picks was not a better deal.  Lamb with four years on a rookie deal, one year of Kevin Martin rental then expiring, plus two firsts that include an unprotected Toronto pick is a FAR better deal.
H7.14Rockets::I don't think Detroit should do anything that'd affect their core right now. Unless they really want to win right now.
CBass1317::Knight does not look that great, and Stuckey is a head case.  Harden is such a stud.  I would always trade the lesser parts for the stud.  Every day of the week.  And RUIN?  you would have James Harden!!!  Bynum can do essentially what Stucky did in terms of numbers and do it for much less.  You would be improving by adding Harden, nothing would be ruined.
H7.14Rockets::So you'd get rid of your possible future PG and Stuckey and ruin what could've helped Pistons make it to the playoffs?
CBass1317::Harden is better than every backcourt player on the Pistons combined.  Mid level players are generally replaceable at low cost, all-stars are not.  Combining Harden with Monroe and Drummond would have been worth breaking the bank.  Problem is there was not enough in the bank unless Drummond and Monroe were included.
bamberg1977::Huh. Stuckey is 26. The rest of the guys are closer to Hardens age, and the good thing about our young guys is.. or bad.. is none of them are really lead dogs. They want to play with talent. Harden would have fit like a glove. Unfortunately, Stuckey isnt a SG. He's a combo, he's not going to cut it. We need a shooter
H7.14Rockets::You'd have to trade your back court and future picks to acquire James Harden. Dumars made the smarter choice by ending up with some cap flexibility.
CBass1317::They wanted an efficient floor spacer.  Stuckey is not that at all.  Plus Martin's deal is expiring after this season, and the Piston's did not have Lamb.  Four years on a rookie deal is what the NBA is all about right now.
bamberg1977::Stuckey is younger and very mature and cheaper than Martin. He fits the role Harden did off pine better. Or if they just wanted a one year cap saver, BG is also every bit as good.   Pistons had probably as good or better trade chips. They just didnt pursue it.
H7.14Rockets::Just wait till the team chemistry kicks in. The turnover margin will vastly decrease and our backcourt will be even more fun to watch. Right now, our bench is lacking so we need our starters to carry some of the slack (especially Parsons since he's the 3rd capable scorer for us). Can't rely on Jeremy Lin to score for the team if James Harden has a bad day.
J_Hard_beard::ok but coming back down to earth from averaging 41 points a game is what 25 a game?  still an all-star..still a massive upgrade both individually and for the whole team in terms of what his drives and kick outs do for the whole offense!  Kevin martin could not do any of that!  win win either way!  we dont need to wait for crap, we're enjoying the moment and eager for the future!
H7.14Rockets::He's already going to be an All-Star. I reckon Houston has a huge fan base from China.
bamberg1977::Yes, but harden will also come back to Earth, unless you think he will have the Best NBA season of all time by a large margin.
J_Hard_beard::Guys, the point of all this is smart decision making.  we can learn more from daryl morey or as much as we can with Harden or rockets in general.  imagine rockets without harden..0-2 in my opinion!
J_Hard_beard::again, rockets got their one major $@%! up(cutting lin lastyear) back with a re-do in the offseason..hopefully livingston does not hurt us err douglas does not hurt us and we regret that move
H7.14Rockets::Douglas will hurt us for sure. I can't wait till Machado replaces him as the back-up.
J_Hard_beard::yeah, did you not also think that rockets should have kept Shaun livingston or Gary forbes instead of douglas?  this is where we have to give rockets more time in order to evaluate and that includes harden too.. hard to do but try we must me thinks,
H7.14Rockets::Oh definitely. Livingston would've been great while playing off the bench. And honestly, I don't know about Forbes. I honestly think he'd be a waste of space on our roster.
H7.14Rockets::I've hated him ever since his 2nd season with us. I've always wanted to yank my hair from frustration from watching his bad defense and inconsistency. Idgaf if he averaged 24 PPG, he was still sh*it to my eyes.  And now I have to watch f*uckin' Toney Douglas because Kevin McHale's rotations suck. The frustration cycle will never end.
J_Hard_beard::i knoooooooow.  i never knew kevin martin could not create and has to be fed in order to score until we cut him loose.  what a difference a play maker makes!
H7.14Rockets::Yeah because we'd have that p.o.s Kevin Martin starting.
H7.14Rockets::We're watching a team without team chemistry guys. And yet, they still beat a playoff team in Atlanta Hawks and a young team in Detroit Pistons. I don't know why people are here to troll, but some of you guys have to get your facts straight. Yeah James Harden isn't going to average 37 PPG. Whoever believes that is an idiot. But he's very well capable of scoring 23+ PPG when he comes back down to earth.
Harden4MVP::well spoken. Outside of scoring, Harden has so many other intangibles.
J_Hard_beard::i knoooooooooow so true, funny how it seems...
leggo_texans::If Harden scored 10pts per game over the next 3 (which we know isn't going to happen)  he would still be avg right about 23 pts per
JereP_Path::Harden winning the scoring champion?
leggo_texans::Im totally joking bro.  Just stating the garbage we have been reading from Kitty Ramey f.aggot a.ss for the last 45 min
J_Hard_beard::You must be talking about kevin martin because that's what he scored the other night haah the guy we had to "cut loose" to get 37 and 45 points! haha you're a joke with your analysis!
leggo_texans::Your a real genius buddy
leggo_texans::No he will come back down to earth and average like 15 pts per game because the hawks and pistons are the 2 worst defensive teams in the league doesnt mean he can do it against real competiton.  GTFO
JereP_Path::Pistons had a bad offense but a pretty good defense last season. It should transition to this year.
J_Hard_beard::he already has for the rockets.  im satisfied right now!
J_Hard_beard::Kid dumbsey..you are just another hater that everyone can see a mile away..give it up..rockets have missed playoffs for 3 seasons and are now 2-0..even if they beat all the cupcakes like they are supposed to, rockets fan will be satisfied.. who said they have to do anything you think in order for us to be fulfilled and satisfied.    we are satisfied with 2-0..stop pressing fast forward hater just cause that's all you can do. you're weak and pathetic!
jaytolbert9::harden is ALOT better than I thought. he pretty much can do everything on the offensive end....i guess i never really noticed him compared to westbrook and durant
Harden4MVP::Good point Jay.. it was hard to notice Harden when you have Westbrook shooting all the time and running wild like a  bull.. Harden has true game on both ends.. That's why OKC will miss him.
mdtuzo::what is crazy is that okc was determined to keep him in the second unit... and that they thrived because of it
J_Hard_beard::i knoooooooooooooow.  Insanity versus linsanity
Kit Ramsey::So goodbye u James Harden fanatics, i'll come back after 20 games to say i told u so. Rockets 41-41.
NewAges::Are you the one said before the season that Houston going to be 30s-50s? What change your mind? You will change your mind again after 20 games...
leggo_texans::die b.itch
leggo_texans::Kit Ramsey your a pretty tough guy behind that keyboard
B3ans2115::Kit Ramsey is a pathetic troll. Who has nothing better to do then sit on ESPN forums $@%!$@% to his irrelevant trolls about How he has a hard on for anything not James Harden.
Kit Ramsey::And so are u, maggot.
Kit Ramsey::Aw, struck a nerve? Shut up and take it.
leggo_texans::.
Excelscior1::Doc Rivers could take some lessons from ("cough" "cough") Kevin McHale and how he using the Rockets starting guards, role players and bench. Nice start so far Houston.
Harden4MVP::Relax guy. I'm a Houston fan as well, but Doc is a great coach who has a championship and a higher winning percentage than McHale. He knows how to manage his team.
screwhead2305::i knew if Teague started at the 2 that Harden would go off for 50
J_Hard_beard::Kid dumbsey..youre just another hater that everyone can see a mile away..give it up..rockets have missed playoffs for 3 seasons and are now 2-0..even if they beat all the cupcakes like they are supposed to, rockets fan will be satisfied.. who said they have to do anything you think in order for us to be fulfilled and satisfied.  we are satisfied with 2-0..stop pressing fast forward hater just cause that's all you can do.  you're weak and pathetic!
ThirtySecondTO::Harden for his size and the fact that he's a lefty is a real tough guard.  He puts it on the floor real well.  He's going to be at the top of the scoring leaders in the league for the whole season barring injuries.
leggo_texans::Dude know EVERYTHING.  He can even tell whats going to happen in the future!!
screwhead2305::25 points a night sounds better
Kit Ramsey::I sure can and 2 of them will be the Rockets miss the playoffs and Harden averages 18 points a game. Yep, that's about right.
Kit Ramsey::Atlanta and Detroit are the WORST defensive teams in the east, wait till they play some tough defensive teams, not cream puffs like those two teams.
screwhead2305::im sure Harden can score on anyone. but not 37+ points every night.. maybe around 25 points a night
ThirtySecondTO::Maybe you're right but Houston still has to win those games like these past two and to have two road wins early is a good accomplishment for such a young bunch.
screwhead2305::the season just started and your making those statements
screwhead2305::if Rockets could trade for Lou Williams to back up Lin, we would have one the best backcourt in the league
ThirtySecondTO::I like that idea.  I think McHale is very underrated as a head coach!  This team is young and well coached.  Good chemistry.  Not saying they are a playoff team just yet but greatly improved!
ThirtySecondTO::Teague had a tough time last night.  He seems undersized.  I love Lou Williams' game!
ThirtySecondTO::I love the way Houston is allowing both Harden and Lin to both take turns in starting the offense.  The Rockets move the ball around real well and Lin doesn't get run down.  Houston is a fun team to watch!
ThirtySecondTO::I am a lifelong Brooklynite and am going to the Nets' home opener vs Toronto.  I'm concerened about the Nets lack of team defense.
ThirtySecondTO::If one is a Houston fan there is a reason to be optimistic.  Your team is young with guys like Parsons, Asik, and Morris to name but a few to go along with Harden and Lin.  They are improved and will only get better.
J_Hard_beard::yes..fun and exciting..this is cause and reason to jump for joy!  right now!  i wish we could bottle these two games up and sell them..but we wont need to because j hard is 23 years old and will continue to be a winner.. i have to remind myself not to expect j hard to drop 37 and 45 tho :(  i did.  done. enjoy the moment!
savetheplanet40::harden is a beast, atleast for now he is taking the pressure off of jeremy lin to be the scorer.how long can he keep this up though will be the question, once his arms get tired on those back to back games who will pick up the slack?
J_Hard_beard::it took the houston texans 10 years to make the playoffs and rebuild..rockets took what 1 season ?   winners win, haters lose.
J_Hard_beard::stop pressing fast forward hater and ENJOY THE MOMENT..something haters are not good at so good luck and you check back with me after 20 games to see if you found some joy in your life. mkay.
Kit Ramsey::Those bench guys suck, they will be fighting for an 8th seed when it's all said and done.
leggo_texans::They will be lucky to make the playoffs thats just reality
J_Hard_beard::noone?  rockets have Royce white and that other stud rookie who have had ZERO minutes in the regular season!
ThirtySecondTO::I love that kid Morris from Kansas.  He's in what his second year?
leggo_texans::Terrance Jones
Bandwagon_Bobcats.Fan::Who cares, he's doing great right now. No one expects Houston to be a title contender this year anyway. Quit hating and enjoy the ride.
savetheplanet40::dude you are dumb you bandwagon idiot
J_Hard_beard::or once defenses get better at game planning and collapse and triple team him, who will step up ?  carlos delfino?  lin will have to improve his shooting but he is no ray allen..this is the last growth spurt rockets will have to go through to be an elite team.
Kit Ramsey::No one, that's why i say come back to me after 20 games when the tough teams start to get physical with him and HARD double teams, then u will see the real Harden.
JasonCalabasas::Damn OKC screwed up......
Bandwagon_Bobcats.Fan::0 points and 19 rebounds for Asik...can you say Turkish Rodman?
Kit Ramsey::NO Rodman did it in less than 35 mins.
Kit Ramsey::Rodman had 13-15 boards at the HALF in a lot of his games.
