hector lombard::JJ Reddick &gt; MJ
jklehr10::tough game by the wolves there. the perfect "trap" game where you could see we didn't prepare for the magic. we spent out practice time working on the upcoming games on the heat, thunder, and knicks
GOGTTA1MIL::SO U COULD HAVE GONE 1-3 IN THAT STRETCH NOW YOU JUST HAVE TO SETTLE FOR 0-4
dwight howards free throw academy::Orlando was predicted on ESPN to go 16-66.  So apparently we are going 5-53 down the stretch.  And Turk hasn't even played yet...
Gabriel Night::I think it is safe to say it will be a positive to have him back in the rotation.
Magic are better than you::Do you really think Turk will make a significant impact?
Pusha Tonn::Sir Rondo 9 - Pusha Tonn why the other teams fans always leave? when the wolves are losing we always stay here...BEST FANBASE... 8 fans like this.  LOL -------------- Sir Rondo 9 - Lol that was from last game when they won ---------------- License to Lillard - Where are they now???  LOL ---------------- Poor mentally challenged kids, First of all I meant during the game, we always stay even losing, the other teams fans not, secondly you must not know it was 3.40 a.m here in Spain..."where are they now?" probably sleeping smh
Walleye80::No doubt in my mind the Timberwolves are a better team without Kevin Love. I'm so sick of hearing how great he is. His defense is aweful and without him the Twolves move the ball so much better. Another double double in a loss.Who cares? Stats mean nothing without wins.
Magic are better than you::We will take him.  Love for Baby straight up
favofJC1967::Ive been using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar the past couple of months. Ive made around 2-3K a month profits so far using this systems advice. If you search on google for sports betting systems you can find this system there. If you bet on sports at all you gotta check this out.
Will Conroy.::Did it get you laid?
licky_boobio::there's no way D will could be traded for redick straight up, right?
Virgomused::Idk, I wouldn't put it past rob. If he could get a young player or a draft pick, I think he would take it.
asdbluecfl::I dont think Magic will ever trade JJ. They resigned Jameer for the fans, and the fans love JJ more than Jameer. Plus JJ has repeatedly said he wants to play in Orlando his entire career. He'll be Magic life.
asdbluecfl::for
MagicBoltzRays::not a chance. (unless you throw in Rubio too)
Will Conroy.::he has been good lately
Steven57928::for those bashing Love and wondering if he should get traded remember that he is currently playing with his shooting hand not close to 100%.  he is more than 10% off each of his career shooting averages right now he is 34% 20% 67% compared to 45% 36% 81%.  He still remains one of the top 3 rebounders in the NBA and right now despite what ppl are saying his advanced stats have his defensive rating at a 99 right now compared to his 104 last year and his career 107.  So he has made great strides at defense.  As for speaking out about management, come on the wolves have been making bonehead move year after year now and its about time they got called out on it.
Looks good on u tho::Dude needs to be more patient.  He takes every 3 point shot opportunity that presents itself.
Will Conroy.::If I were Magic fans I would be more concerned getting into the Lottery instead of getting swept as an 8 seed.
dwight howards free throw academy::Marquee free agents would rather go to a team with a lot of money that is good then a lottery team.
Virgomused::Right, it's funny how EVERY team fans that we beat says that. Maybe your teams should be better?
Gabriel Night::The Magic should suck on purpose because that is what everyone else expects of them? Maybe the "good" teams should try harder to beat this "horrible" Magic team and PROVE they need the better draft pick.  I like how the Magic are playing now. I'll take overachieving "losers" over underachieving "winners" everyday of the week.
MagicBoltzRays::not exactly. we just have to hope LA Lakers, Denver, and Philly do as poorly as possible.
leroyiscool80::If they barely miss the playoffs then they won't exactly have a great chance of getting a high draft pick. Of course, the Magic have been lucky a couple times in the past.
Will Conroy.::Ya you wanna work yourself down on that one.
famousfoot1000::wow great second half by the wolves. aint no playoff team if you cant win games like this
MagicBoltzRays::<b>Bold Prediction: The Magic will make the playoffs</b>
fat_tard_rules::Who cares?  This team is meant to rebuild no make the playoffs.
TheCronoMasterMind::Agreed, its not a bold prediction at all. The East is extremely weak this year, though the Magic seem to be pretty strong against Western teams. Go figure. That being said, if the Magic play nearly as well as they've been playing lately on Wednesday, they'll only be 1 game off .500, and then who knows what'll happen. Our next BIG challenge is against the Heat, but we have a few games until then we need to take care of.
TheCronoMasterMind::Washington is an awful team, so we should be fine against them. Toronto isn't exactly amazing, but we aren't the best away team. New Orleans should be a fun game with seeing Ryan Anderson again. I hope we can shut him down.  As for Utah, I'm not sure about our chances there. These are all technically winnable games, but I'm expecting to go maybe 4-2 in the next 6 games. We have the benefit of being home against the Heat, so who knows what'll happen there.
leroyiscool80::Yeah, end of 2012. Might even have a better record than the Lakers at that point.
Will Conroy.::TheCronoMasterMind - I hope you mean by the end of 2012... lol  No he means the end of times. 12/21/12
TheCronoMasterMind::I hope you mean by the end of 2012... lol
leroyiscool80::In their next 5 games the Magic play Washington twice, Toronto and New Orleans. The other game is against Utah. They might be able to get to .500 by the end of the year.
MagicBoltzRays::we just need to work on easier ways to get points. our defense is solid. rebounding and passing good as well. we have had some trouble making open shots however.
JohnMosbyGuy::Don't mean to be a wank but that's not saying much. A below .500 team will probably make the playoffs in the east. Orlando can do this.
jklehr10::funner?**
leroyiscool80::Before the season most people were predicting that the Magic would be one of the 2 or 3 worst teams in the entire NBA. If they make the playoffs, even with a below .500 record, that would be amazing. It's been actually funner watching the Magic this year than last, with all of that drama.
Will Conroy.::They would get smoked, but its possibly they make 8th though not likely.
Stevoj87::JJ redick is the x factor for orlando...mr consistency
T Dubbs::Im getting more sick of K-Love with every passing day 1. He complains off the court publicly 2. He has the poorest of shot selection 3. He made Glen Davis look like the second coming of Shaq 4. We seem to play better team basketball without him
Steven57928::Really so you think that the Wolves have made great Basketball choices these past few years that Love has been on the team?  Love is playing right now when he should be letting his broken hand fully heal.  He is shooting 35% 20% and 60% well off of his 45% 36% and 81%.  His rebounding is still their which makes him the best rebounder in the NBA and he plays average defense now.  actually his advanced stats has his defensive rating at a 99 so far worlds better than his 104 last year and his 1-7 career rating.
bradwinsall::he played great tonight, rest of the team was terrible. critical comments should be forthcoming
Will Conroy.::bradwinsall - ya why can't they all just play good on teh same night, on person not - tonight was luke  You mean JJ
bradwinsall::ya why can't they all just play good on the same night, only person not - tonight was luke
Will Conroy.::I mean he actually passed well tonight and got a couple steals all without complaining. People are ridiculous.
JohnMosbyGuy::I liked this. Love is obviously a great player, but there is no denying the wolves function a bit better without him, especially on D. Not sure what we should do, very hesitant to trade him.
Will Conroy.::Dude he played good today and didnt complain let it go.
The Real Andre Herring::I knew Magic would win! I called it earlier...
asdbluecfl::Had that feeling.
jjfurr29::Magic need to Resign J.J Redick longterm..
DTangMF::Magic probably can  make the playoff...if the east keep sucking so badly...
licky_boobio::i missed the second half, who can i blame for losing?
Will Conroy.::Ur fat cat.
kunalrel::i went to this game for a $1.5 no joke good game i like the arena
suedon70::The Amway center is amazing.....
asdbluecfl::More money for beer!
vmcmillan2::STUBHUB!
csmeech::SO funny.  ESPN shows only highlights of the Timberwolves buckets. Yeah.  That makes sense.  Show the highlights of the losing team.  Idiots
asdbluecfl::http://www.nba.com/magic/video/originals/# Arron Affalo's postgame interview. First thing you hear is Dequan Jones in the backround; "Aww sh-it!" Haha.
JrueRandallHoliday::Typical... monster stats to go along with another loss for K. Love.
Patriotboy1212::i cant believe Orlando is almost .500 , a even record !
suedon70::Better than the Lakers' record with Dwight....bwahahhahahaha
Elton7323::here's a life lesson never bet on nba games.
sam i am again::bet on politics, I won $8K on the 2000 presidential election cashed out and never looked back. I'm done with betting. So if you want to leave on a high note go politics, too easy, and btw it was who would be the the Dem and Rep nominees, ablout 3 months before it happened, everyone knew it long before, free money.
sean75779::I would not recommend Boxing man, a sport that has been proven to be corrupt, as much as I hate to say that. You have bowl season coming up, FSU vs NIU is a interesting game, FSU is only up by 8 I think in Vegas. I would take that and double down,
sean75779::if you are to bet, college football can be a bit more reliable. The NBA is full of dudes who dont play 100% every night. not worth your cash mane.
Elton7323::yup so true but im doing boxing and womens ncaa basketball heres a tip always bet on britney griner lol.
Elton7323::lost 200 on the finals and never betted again
Twinsfan5704::how much did u lose
sean75779::great advice.
Twinsfan5704::I got a fever...and the only cure is more Rubio (no H.O.M.O)
Harrison Smith.::<b> Who is Glen Davis?</b>
kunalrel::bass&gt;davis
Elton7323::ask boston fans lol most of them want a refund for him for the bass trade.
wayman007777::Using a bet system named Sportsbettingstar the past couple of months. Im making around 2-3K a month using this systems picks. If you search google for sports betting
wayman007777::Been using this bet system called sportsbettingstar the past few months. ive made around 2-3K a month profits using this system. If you bet on sports you can find the system on the 1st page of google by searching for sports betting systems.
Nate McMillan::Will Conroy:  We'll make the Seattle Supersonics 2.0.
Will Conroy.::Ya Boy!!!! I'm your Max Guy right?
BudokaiJones::Story of the night... Wolves fans are a TAD overconfident.
bradwinsall::well we got humbled tonight, terrible 2nd half. doesnt get any easier this week
Will Conroy.::Yep still a bad loss
License to Lillard::My account Dame Lillard got banned.
Rip City Forever::Liscense to lillard is a good recovery name
License to Lillard::Yo.
Rip City Forever::He's too much of a bad a-ss for that name to be on espn
Rip City Forever::I don't know where Nate is
License to Lillard::I got Dame Lillard banned for no reason...  I complemented the Magic, and somehow got banned.
Rip City Forever::Sick name yo. Dame was the truth last  night!
Will Conroy.::Where is my man Nate Mcmillian?
yaczapped::two words BIG BABY haha
watchDreplay::klove over rated
Rip City Forever::Ya think? All you do is lose with the guy
wthMinnyblowndis::40.6% shooting and shooting under 30% for 3 pt shooting .... on top of that allowing 53% shooting for the Magic ?????  Awful !  Just awful !
Will Conroy.::Least the Wolves didn't lose to the Wizards.
yohanzi213::Wizards &gt; Wolves
Will Conroy.::yohanzi213 - Wolves are the worst team in the league brah  I agree 6th in the west is awful brah
yohanzi213::Wolves are the worst team in the league brah
Will Conroy.::Ya they are tearing it up with 3 wins
yohanzi213::Magic &gt; Lakers
wthMinnyblowndis::66% ft shooting and only got to the line 12 times is idiotic !
wayman007777::Using a bet system named Sportsbettingstar the past couple of months. Im making around 2-3K a month using this systems picks. If you search google for sports betting
wthMinnyblowndis::I shut the game off to have a good time playing games with my son and I thought hey Minny has this game in the bag.  WTH happened !??!?!
Will Conroy.::Barea went AWOL
BudokaiJones::"With much cockiness comes much butthurtedness."  - Mr. Miyagi
License to Lillard::LOL
Constantinius III::Rubio bageled in the point category.  As predicted.   "B-b-but he's one of the best point guards in the league....!"  Sure, he can make fancy passes, but if you can't shoot or score in the NBA, you are basically playing half a man down even with the best of PGs.  Shockingly, Rubio is REGRESSING from the percentages he shot in Europe!
Will Conroy.::He is coming back form ACl second game. He never could shoot but still gets 10+ assists a game when healthy.
Sir Rondo 9::Pusha Tonn why the other teams fans always leave? when the wolves are losing we always stay here...BEST FANBASE... 8 fans like this. User ID:http://sportsnation.espn.go.com/fans/pusha%20tonn  LOL
License to Lillard::So many hypocrites.  LOL
Will Conroy.::Sir Rondo 9 - Is that you eototalt?  No this is Will Conroy
Sir Rondo 9::Is that you eototalt?
Will Conroy.::Sir Rondo 9 - Will Conroy. - Sir Rondo 9 - Lol that was from last game when they won  Haha funny thing is you are only here when Wolves lose  Wrong I come here if the Wolves win  Nope
Sir Rondo 9::Will Conroy. - Sir Rondo 9 - Lol that was from last game when they won  Haha funny thing is you are only here when Wolves lose  Wrong I come here if the Wolves win
Will Conroy.::Sir Rondo 9 - Lol that was from last game when they won  Haha funny thing is you are only here when Wolves lose
License to Lillard::Where are they now???  LOL
Sir Rondo 9::Lol that was from last game when they won
brandonlee561heat22::Koke where is everyone?
sean75779::ESPN is still playing up the Twolves, even after this loss. what a joke
License to Lillard::All the cats seemed to have disappeared off the face of the Earth.
License to Lillard::Normally all the cats would still be on here for about 5+ hours after a win...
Will Conroy.::They are pretty reactionary
wayman007777::Using a bet system named Sportsbettingstar the past couple of months. Im making around 2-3K a month using this systems picks. If you search google for sports betting systems you will find it there.
Will Conroy.::You a Virgin?
OPENLYUGLY::OK, Good night........ sleep well.
OPENLYUGLY::WOW! They just wiped everything out.
Eggfart56::this board is a much better place when the wolves win. when they lose this board isn't fun at all.
FastFash::yea but were use to it. been that way bout 80% of the last deacade.
Will Conroy.::Wonder Why.......
csallstar11::really bad loss now the twolves are gonna have about a 5 or 6 game losing streak
Will Conroy.::Openlyfucgly is such a hypocrite. Saying how the NBA is rigged and small markets don't have a chance. Now since the Magic win, they must be the greatest thing ever.
TampaBayVol::Wouldn't say the NBA is "rigged" per say.  But small market teams in the NFL, MLB, NHL have much more opportunity to win compared to the NBA.
OPENLYUGLY::Yeah and where did I say the Magic are the greatest thing ever? You should have stopped at the RIGGED NBA. At least there it was TRUTHFUL!
koke357799::NFL lol
Will Conroy.::brandonlee561heat22 - It is the only pro sports league that employs convicted felons  Haha and NFL
brandonlee561heat22::It is the only pro sports league that employs convicted felons
Will Conroy.::OPENLYUGLY - NBA can be the best professional Sport......... if it wasn't so DAMN CORRUPT!  Stop whining. Don't watch
OPENLYUGLY::NBA can be the best professional Sport......... if it wasn't so DAMN CORRUPT!
Will Conroy.::Then why you watch loser????
Nathan94713::Jacques Vaughn for Coach of the Year!!!!
