Nick Rocca::Jeff Hornacek, coach of the year?
Treyvon Carter::have to be
Zach Bennett::If the Suns or Pelicans make the playoffs -- that coach wins Coach of the Year.
Chris Orlob::Utah gave you the wrong coach. We want Jeff back and you can have Ty
Paul South::Dragic may never make an all-star game, but I'd sure like to have him on my favorite team
Robbie Massey::That is one of the best comments I have seen and I agree 100%
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::suns to win the western conference
George Brown::You joking right I can't believe you said the Suns are going to win the western conference
Steve Broome::Hornacek is a great coach.
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Not too many pointguards can go into LA and outplay Paul the way Goran Dragic did tonight
Fred Behney::Agreed   maybe Bledsoe and Westbrook are the only 2
Marcleen Bavogui::Fred Behney kyrie, wall
Dave Nantz::Dragic is the most underrated player in the NBA.
Steve Jones::And this is why no one is really taking the Clippers seriously to win the whole thing...
Wild Silverback::I agree Steve..
Treyvon Carter::Eric Bledsoe better make the all-star team with his numbers and his team record
Nich Obert::With Westbrooks injury he def should,  Hard to put Bledsoe over cp3, Parker, Lillard..but he'd make sense starting at the 2. He won't get voted in as a starter, but he's deserving of making the team for sure
Kemala Martin::Curry had better numbers last year with a winning team and didn't make the asg
Treyvon Carter::this suns team aren't no joke,
Eric Filapello::so they are a joke?
Brandon Duenas::Dragic is such a stud
Jim Diveley::NICE road win last night Suns!  This team is young, hungry, & surprising a lot of people.  I still think we need to trade for K Love.  I'd look to trade Okefur, maybe Len, & 2 or 3 1st Rd picks for him.  I know the money has to match but Okefur's #'s come off the books after this season, Len is our top 10 pick this year, & then having add'l 1st Rd picks.
Barry N McCockiner::Okafor for Love works out salary wise, we might as well throw in Len (he'll never play) and  1 of the 1st round picks.
Chad Wiggins::PATHETIC.. UP THIRTY AND THE SUNS ARE OUT HUSTLING THE HECK OUT OF THE CLIPPERS... THIS GARBAGE NEEDS TO UNVEIL THE LAKER BANNERS... AT LEAST THERE WOULD BE SOME SORT OF PRIDE IN THAT BUILDING.... THE TEAM WEARING WHITE IS DISGRACEFUL
Chad Wiggins::wow no effort from the clippers... they make me sick...  this is why i love portland.. they may lose... they dont lose like this...
Jacob Machuca::Hasn't Portland lost to the Suns twice already? Whether u lose by 20 or 1, a loss is a loss.
John Martin::Jacob Machuca Yeah and when you're dead you're dead, it doesn't matter how.
Dakota Mckenzie::I'm a big clipper fan but these suns are legit. We could very easily lose the division to them
John E Gasçón::All you people talking down about the clippers just remember its only December. Clipps ended December last season with a crazy win streak and in May had nothing to show for it. Good. Job by the Suns to get that road win.  They are shaping up nicely.  Hopefully when jj comes back and Matt Barnes get back into groove since his injury, clipps can put together some good wins.
Nich Obert::Wizards fan here.. I love having Gortat, so I'm happy to see the Suns personnel working out for them!   Just goes to show that chemistry and the right game plan can outweigh talent. Not to say the Suns lack playoff level talent... Wait, yeah I am outside of the starting guards! Lol  The pieces click so well, they're an outright JOY to watch.  All my hopes are on Bradley beal becoming a ball handler and we can do the same with him and Wall.. For now, beal reminds me of Jeff Horacek, so, the circle is complete!
Kenneth Rosado::Ohio State had no Fab 5 and didnt see Webber pulling Oden in NBA! Smooth NBA Commentator like Jalen Rose! Dave Nantz? Desmond Howard and Charles Woodson are most ELECTRIC Heisman Winners in past 24 Years! Dave Nantz and his Ohio State?
Marcus Grein::I think Dragic is gonna have a Steve Nash like career. Nash started off slow too and was a late bloomer, wasn't considered one of the best till he was almost 30.
Chad Wiggins::TWO NBA MVPS... GET BACK TO ME ON THAT
Chad Wiggins::ALTHOUGH A HELL OF A PLAYER
Marcus Grein::And he didn't get one till he was 31, like I was trying to say... he ain't there yet but he is on his way.
Kenneth Rosado::Dave Nantz? Michigan gave Notre Dame idea to create Football Program and Gerald Ford went Michigan or Ohio State?
Zack Jones::Are you bragging about Gerald Ford?!
Chas Koch::NBA coaches should show tape of how the suns play every game (besides in Oakland) this year.  The NBA would be a lot better if teams played as hard as the suns
Meth Phouthavone::Suns surprising everybody and they mamas... Jeff Hornycheck was the perfect selection. Bravo Suns tops.
Wild Silverback::Now Phoenix can't put it away... Suns should be up by 15 points right now... Just ridiculous,.
Chad Wiggins::guard somebody... ur down 20 and ur giving wide open threes... smh...
Wild Silverback::Games over.. forget about it !
Wild Silverback::SUNSSSSSSSSsssssssss !!!!
Kenneth Rosado::Big House- Go Blue!!!!!! Dave Nantz?
Stay Focused::Eric Bledsoe returns to Staples Center. It's going to be fun watching him go up against CP3. Clips need to get this one.
