Steveforprez04::Wont be long until Deron Williams ends up in Dallas
fasdfasdfdf68::Shelden Williams is the worst player in the league.
jimmyjam289::you R half right---- D Williams is the worst and over rated.  He smells up every arena with his tootin' shootin. Word.
DTangMF::Time for DWill to ask for trade!
spbynum1::Fine. Give the Lakers D-Will. Blake is injured and fisher is always one game away from a wheelchair lol
wasted_101::even with dwill n brook nets are still not a playoff team
wasted_101::anybody would take dwill
spbynum1::Don't want D-Will? Send him to the Lakers when we get Howard lol
wasted_101::IF CHRIS PAUL WAS ON THE NETS THEY WOULD HAVE A FEW MORE WINS
wasted_101::THE GAP IS EVEN BIGGER NOW. CHRIS PAUL IS A WAY BETTER PG
Mormon Road Block::D-Will owns Paul!!!
Baseketball48::Both still far behind Derrick Rose.
birdman._.::Williams doesn't even make his team better.
meats29::How do you make TWENTY 3-pointers in a game and lose? How many times has that ever happened in NBA history? It can't be more than a handful of times.
jayeteee::Good to get the win tonight, but it seems like we're struggling. Get healthy, Ty.
u neeD a MURAcle::That's the last time I bet on the Nets to hold anyone to their "Under." Couldn't hold em to 105?
npersonett::Does anyone know how bad Gallo's injury is? i was at the game and he limped to the locker room after the game.
DenverDiehard35::looked like a very mild ankle sprain, didnt hear the severity but i think he'll be fine
spbynum1::Honest question: Where do you think Dwight Howard will end up and why? I'm not asking where you WANT him to end up, but where you THINK he will end up.
DenverDiehard35::We shall see!
DenverDiehard35::ya idk, dwight said he doesnt want a trade as much anymore so i feel like Orlando will offer him a FA contract and wont trade him
birdman._.::Dallas has nothing to offer in FA either.  Why would he want to go to a mashed up mavs team with a washed up dirk.
spbynum1::Leaving Orlando with nothing? Not happening. In the words of Chuck: "Dallas has no chance of getting Dwight Howard"
DenverDiehard35::thats why i think theyll get him from FA.
spbynum1::Orlando is going to trade him. They have made that plain and it has been reported extensively over the last several days. Only way they get anything of value is if they trade to a team on Howard's list (Nets, Dallas, Lakers). It has been reported that Orlando is disinterested in anything the Nets can offer and Dallas has NOTHING to offer. I'm sorry but my money is on the Lakers. If you know your gonna lose Howard, best sub would be Bynum.
DenverDiehard35::Not too solid of evidence, but via FA and because Cuban pretty much tanked this season giving away killer trades to the Nuggets for almost nothing just to clear cap space and i think its for Dwight. He let Chandler go so i think hes plannin on getting Dwight
birdman._.::Yea really genius.  Name the relevant players the Mavs have signed since Dirk...
spbynum1::There's nothing to work out. Dallas can get him as a FA but have nothing to trade for him.
DenverDiehard35::Cubans a genius. He'll work something out
spbynum1::How is Howard gonna end up there? Orlando has made it plain that they will be trading him and Dallas has nothing to offer.
DenverDiehard35::Dallas
spbynum1::How and why?
DenverDiehard35::Put faried in a game
Slurm Soda::aight il see you homies arund da blok. pece out
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::peace my niga
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::whats good da lakers son?
DA Lakers son::u think nene has a big dick
stoleyolady22::i met his gf 1nce
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::ya
Slurm Soda::Lmao this is the guy that started it on the Portland board
phxpilot3::u mean da lakas dawg?
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::hold my dick!!!!!!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDd5DPAGoCk
phxpilot3::hold your dick?  Are u asking bosh to do this?
DenverDiehard35::Nuggs need Ty Ty bad if we gonna woop up on the heat
DenverDiehard35::def didnt
DenverDiehard35::? We played them twice. u dont look at schedules do you?
phxpilot3::or maybe u don't realize I am totally not being serious haha
DenverDiehard35::YEW GUYZ IZ CRAKKIN ME UP DOE
phxpilot3::u aint gone be crackin up wen dem lakas whop dat a$$
phxpilot3::man dawg u aint got dat heat on dat miama heat dey cold dawg
stoleyolady22::check dis website sooo hilarious!!!  http://dontevenreply.com/view.php?post=102
phxpilot3::fail book is better
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::hahaha stupid mike
Slurm Soda::Failbook is better
stoleyolady22::NO
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::meh this cough syrup mixed with mtn dew f****** me up meh
phxpilot3::i see u and ur boy jamarcus russell been kickin it
phxpilot3::It's ice cube n*gga and lil john n*gga act stupid n*gga il fcukin nuke a n*gga
Slurm Soda::Who are you a fan of?
Slurm Soda::i aint evn him homie
phxpilot3::damn dawg u be lookin lyke dat godzilla guy who torn up dat china place and sheet
Slurm Soda::we got beef den dawg il catch you in da hood watch ur bak dawg
phxpilot3::lol bulls and suns
DenverDiehard35::Dez Eagle Uzi or AK?
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::dont mess with the goons my dude
Slurm Soda::Represent son.
phxpilot3::aw damn dem catz cold as hell dawg
phxpilot3::aint nobody messin hur dawg evrybudy luve meh
phxpilot3::Who's more hood JR Smith or Deshaun Stevenson?
Slurm Soda::JR dawg Deseuhan stefe is hood hopper dawg
Slurm Soda::ahaa rit dawg
phxpilot3::wit a name lyke deseuhan dat one hood a$$ mayne
DenverDiehard35::def JR. he killed his friend with a car....
stoleyolady22::denver die hard whos ur fave PLAYER for nba
DenverDiehard35::Fauqu High
DenverDiehard35::if he was still in the league hed be mine, but not in tha league. i hope we resign him tho
phxpilot3::J R smith dat n*gga hood as hell dawg
DenverDiehard35::ever: MJ no doubt.  Current: Ty Lawson
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::tyyyy laawwwwsssoooonnnnnnn
stoleyolady22::wat hs did u play at? i played at metro.its in LA tho
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::meh i got this pistol and i aint afraid to use this against the po po
Slurm Soda::f da pigs dawg
phxpilot3::u pop a gat on dat a*ss dawg
phxpilot3::nets nuggets forum on espn=real n*gga role call
unluckynumber7::This is getting quite gangsta for my a$$
DenverDiehard35::haha
phxpilot3::If i was dating a high school drop out i would be  scurred of stoleyolady taking her
stoleyolady22::U SHUD BE I GET A$$
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::my gooche man i just tore my gooche
Slurm Soda::let go f him up dawg
DenverDiehard35::Anyone else ever torn an ACL? SUCKS
DenverDiehard35::its coo, man u never know so just dont pull that ish ya dig?
stoleyolady22::I TORE UR MOMS VAG LAST NITE
stoleyolady22::jk im sorry bro
DenverDiehard35::ignorant
stoleyolady22::BENIMOM IS FROM VIRGINA NOT DENVER. LIAR MUCH??
phxpilot3::u not frum d-town dawg?
DenverDiehard35::tore my acl two years in a row, transfered. my fam still live in the D. hope to go back after graduation
DenverDiehard35::never said i lived in denver my whole life brotha. born there
stoleyolady22::Y U NOT PRACTICING THEN
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::my bit ch got these braids on her pus man it funny as $@% man
phxpilot3::hay mah dawgz i iz down for dat game of horse wat cha dink?
Slurm Soda::idk dawg tht gam is wak
phxpilot3::man nigg*az u crazy dawg dat sheet crack
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::you come in my neighborhood i pop a cap in ya as$
Slurm Soda::whu talkin trash dawg
phxpilot3::waka is dat yew dawg?
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::hey Stoley ill play u in H.O.R.S.E
stoleyolady22::I WILL STEAL YO LADY NO WORRIES, GARRANTIED
phxpilot3::yeah first one to spell horse properly wins
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::you lil niga where you ball puss $@% niga
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::sorry im high
Slurm Soda::watd u say dawg
phxpilot3::yew iz goin down dawg
stoleyolady22::DENVERDIE HARD WHRE'D U PLAY BALL IM INTRESTED
DenverDiehard35::NEVERMIND
DenverDiehard35::GEORGETOWN
stoleyolady22::THATS COOL, GOOD SCHOOL. WATS UR NAME?
The Big Stroonzo::too E-Z
DenverDiehard35::DO I LOOK THAT DUMB TO YOU?
stoleyolady22::REALLY? THATS CRAZY. WATS UR LAST NAME?
unluckynumber7::YAH HEZ AIGHT
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::i ball so hard that $@%! cray
phxpilot3::i played diz ball in mah hizouse
phxpilot3::hay guyz i iz foam harlem we right lyke diz
Slurm Soda::yeaah dawg thug life
stoleyolady22::WATS THE DIFF BETWEEN TEBOW AND A VRIGIN?
stoleyolady22::TEBOW ACTUALLY A WINNER
DenverDiehard35::YOUR CAPSLOCK IS BROKEN
The Big Stroonzo::you're one?
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::finally a good joke
phxpilot3::i can haz cheezebuerger?
Slurm Soda::idK Wut izz
The Big Stroonzo::LxAxWxSxOxN x3z thought up this moniker all on his own, while his daddy was sniffing his boyfriends jock strap...
phxpilot3::20 3 pointers and still lost?  Yeah Deron is sure to stay!
stoleyolady22::MY SPELLING SUCK BUT I DONT CARE CUZ ITS AN ESPN BLOG; I TYPE FASTER SO WAT
phxpilot3::wat iz ur preblem?
DenverDiehard35::u ball so hard on them keys bro.
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::you live in harlem
Slurm Soda::Yeah dawg.
Marlins35DTrain::Well, the girl is asking for my Big Stroonzo. I better go give it to her. Good night, everyone. Go Nuggets!
stoleyolady22::THAT GUYS A MORON AND LIKEY NY. HAVE FUN GETTIN SOME DOME
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::Stroonzo likes to stroke his tiny dick while his mother gets double penetrated
stoleyolady22::LA&gt;&gt;&gt;NUGS DENVER ISNT EVIN A BIG CITY
rr2300::I seen sum condos in 5 pts going for 300K  lol..   never thought i see that.... Close to the Roxy
DenverDiehard35::ok so now u admitted denver is a big city, youre trying to talk noise about how we all rich? i was born in 5 points which would put one thru u if u walk thru there and i worked my way up to a full ride basketball scholarship in college, tell me, have u balled harder than ME?
DenverDiehard35::5 million metro area begs to differ
Slurm Soda::Saying someone is rich isn't an insult.
stoleyolady22::YA OF RICH PEEPS WHO NEVER BALLED HARD
LxAxWxSxOxN x3z::we beat them
The Big Stroonzo::Q: What's the difference between an Denver Nuggets fan and a carp? A: One is a bottom-feeding, scum sucker, and the other is a fish.
rr2300::Knicks are lucky they play in the East else they never make it to the playoffs in the west
stoleyolady22::U A LA FAN BRO?
stoleyolady22::HA UR TEAM IS AWWWFUL, SPECIALLY WITH CARMELO
The Big Stroonzo::Knicks...
wasted_101::would you ever think a team with melo would have a better defense then the nuggets lol
DenverDiehard35::sure, its easy to play defense when hes on the bench
