Borgognoni::Boy, that Rudy Gay...sure do miss that guy taking all the shots at a 25% clip and turning the ball over 6 times..    - Grizzlies Fan
AirTech24::Magic said he would like to see how Lebron, Melo, Durant perform in their 17th season. More props to the LEGEND. GO LAKERS!! This is not to hate on the NBA great players.
Lakers4life1975::Vintage Kobe against Raptors.
Lakers_R_A_Joke::How pathetic it is to see you all throw confetti after every win and couldn't even reach no more than 2 games over .500 after y'all were claiming championship after signing Dwight &amp; Nash. Lmaooo!! Now, being an 8th seed is success not to mention y'all were begging for teams to lose JUST TO HELP YOU GUYS? Lol c'mon....
Le Brick::Not as pathetic as your obsession with the Lakers.
AirTech24::UTAH GETTING SMASHED BY NYC!!! 8th SEED IS HERE.
realist g up in here::<b><a>LAKERS FANS NEVER CHANGE THEIR LIGHT BULBS, THEY JUST TALK ABOUT HOW GOOD THE LAST ONE WAS.</a></b>
Le Brick::Nope.  We just get new light bulbs, take others peoples best light bulbs, have more light bulbs than any other team excelt Celtics.
LALakersboy24.7::Laker fans lets go too the Jazz &amp; knicks board now, see you guys their im out, This board here is a victory &amp; in the books :-)
numb1lakefanespn::na save your energy...get ready to smash these bulls trolls
LALakersboy24.7::Lets go real quick &amp; then The Lakers  Vs Bulls board, follow me -----&gt;
playmakerzam::--
numb1lakefanespn::you can root for nash i know buddy times are hard if your a suns fan
playmakerzam::i am rooting for nash but we need the lakers lottery pick
scottpilgrim31::Los Angeles Lakers. So easy a caveman can beat em
numb1lakefanespn::thats whats teams say until the last 4 minutes of the game the lakers go 20-0....freaking amazing
numb1lakefanespn::d'antoni wanted the 8th seed all along.pop knows were coming for him
numb1lakefanespn::you wont see tony parker until playoff time
numb1lakefanespn::i agree spurs suck at the 1 seed playoff position
Mambaholic 33::Great Strategy!
numb1lakefanespn::when lakers need a win they go get it but teams like okc,hornets,raptors they are really not that good and lakers will play catch up and challenge them selfs
JGeezy20339::Okc is not that good?
Chester0128::Nobody here dare to talk about the Spurs just been buried and destroyed by the Blazers 30 points at home.... Blazers score 136, hand Spurs second-worst home loss ever !!!!
lakersfann1990::its actually its the worst home loss they suffered,  but when the lakers lost to them ohh you barely beat a trashy team at home what clowns.
numb1lakefanespn::exellent coaching by d'antoni every game he gives his team a challenge to come back from large leads.makes the game of basketball even more fun
lakersfann1990::ummm no it doesnt we need to start winning from the beginning of games.
Chester0128::No team in Pro sports can't be trashy team.....all we care is W @ the and...that 's all matter
scottpilgrim31::Want to be a BRICKER, BALL HOGGER. Twenty somethin shots brick off the rim ah I'm gonna rape virgin maid tonight. schlong rolled tight, gon spray your dike Raper on the highway, Bricking shots my way, but there's gotta be a better WAY, BETTER WAY BETTER WAY YEAHHHHH  - Kobe featuring Lil Troy
lakersfann1990::Scottpilgrim31-   Wrong. I'm actually very intelligent to know whose good and what's BS. O yes let's forget what happened in the beginning because all those losses will get wiped out O WAIT WE CAN'T DO THAT CAN WE.     Lakers suck. Kobe Sucks. the end. CHECK please  Yet you're still here never seen  such a man obsessed  with a team "who sucks".
numb1lakefanespn::they got drunk and did bath salts after the lost
lakersfann1990::lol
numb1lakefanespn::got rid of those pesky canadiens ehhhh
scottpilgrim31::"Kobe Bryant your a dumbas.s"  Red Foreman
numb1lakefanespn::lakers are playing safe and effective basketball which is smart for a veteran team and prevents any injuries from happening.were not getting physical with top teams like okc but still letting them know we got your number
Mambaholic 33::Sorry, what's their record exactly against top teams like OKC-SA-MIA-LAC??
scottpilgrim31::1-10 lol
GreenDragoon54::"<b>So uh...some great games from Kobe. The way he's played against quality teams in New Orleans and Toronto should have everyone nervous. The Lakers are just destroying teams right now.</b>" - Lakers Fan
Chester0128::No wonder Nobody want Kobe like you said......but the problem is nobody can't afford to pay Kobe but the Lakers....He is going to make 34 mil.coming season...LOL
scottpilgrim31::If it weren't for the refs they would be on another 4 game losing streak which would be 5 after Sunday.  O well. Chi Town is gonna flip them the bird and whoop those little softies that is the Lakers
scottpilgrim31::"My favorite things to play with are bricks and ballls"  Kobe Bryant
GreenDragoon54::And a girl's unwilling $@%!$@.
AceVenturaMavsCoach::ahaha. Gotta admit that was pretty clever. But shouldn't little underaged girls be on that list too?
numb1lakefanespn::exellent coaching by d'antoni every game he gives his team a challenge to come back from large leads,great defense against okc they dont stand a chance
numb1lakefanespn::yea you didnt know that???must not be a laker fan
GreenDragoon54::Nice way to spin it. lmao. Wish I had some of what you're smoking.
GreenDragoon54::Without Kobrick, the Lakers would actually be halfway decent. They wish they could trade this bum but who would want him? Nobody.
scottpilgrim31::If I were to say any team that would go get him I would say some garbage team like the Raptors.   Honestly though they wouldn't even want him, just send his as.s to the D league
Mambaholic 33::Put him Cleveland we'll see where that takes the team - real measuring stick  Have to throw in Mike Brown in at the same time
hateondis::U want him. He has u trolling the Lakers board
GreenDragoon54::Oh $@%!, that would be good. I could see Jordan paying an ancient Kobe huge money.
AceVenturaMavsCoach::Charlotte??  lol oh the irony
Chester0128::Watch out your world GreenDragon !!! You shuold die and buried in Green like KG:  here is what you have not seen Kobrick did lately " Howard and Bryant are coming off their best two games as Lakers, with the latter becoming the first Laker since Jerry West in 1970 to post back-to-back 40-point, 10-assist games in wins against New Orleans and Toronto, respectively. Howard has dominated defensively while averaging 22 points, 14 rebounds and 4.5 blocks..............
scottpilgrim31::Did the Lakers really end practice with a 1,2,3 championship chant?? LMFAO. WOW. Your over .500.... IN MARCH for the 1st time pretty much all season and your talking CHAMPIONSHIP?? Kobe must have some good drugs over there. What a cocky group of individuals.
hateondis::He t troll. Not to long ago u was trolling about the Lakers being 8 games under 500
LALakersboy24.7::That goes to show you the Laker tradition that Dr. Jerry Buss has left us, no matter what you always believe &amp; go after, sorry youre team doesnt do that
LALakersboy24.7::You have to forget that &amp; move on thats what the team has to do becaus thats all you can do, Lakers cant concentrate on what happend in the past you have think about the next game &amp; finishing the season strong, its common sense dude, dont be such a hater it looks bad
scottpilgrim31::Wrong. I'm actually very intelligent to know whose good and what's BS. O yes let's forget what happened in the beginning because all those losses will get wiped out O WAIT WE CAN'T DO THAT CAN WE.   Lakers suck. Kobe Sucks. the end. CHECK please
LALakersboy24.7::Youre forgetting that they are 14 of their last 20 games now, &amp; playing much better, forget what happend the beggining of the season, theirs 19 games left still, You act like if Kobe dont want it, then youre a moron completely!
scottpilgrim31::O give me a break already. Like they care to win another ring. They have no heart whats so ever. I've seen the Wizards play with more heart and passion than these scrubs
AceVenturaMavsCoach::In the words of John Goodman from the big lebowski  "OVER THE LINE.... MARK IT ZERO"
numb1lakefanespn::kobe dorner bryant .......aka i have no fear aka chicago bulls are next on the list
lakersfann1990::he better then your tim duncan  scottpilgrim31
AirTech24::It amazes me how many people try and pick apart KOBE GAME AND CAREER. They act like the guy is a BUM and didnt do anything. 17 years and still an elite. KOBE WILL BE TRULY MISSED.
Mambaholic 33::We'll see when it's all said and done - weather LA improves with this Ball Hog gone or they continues down this path...This season will go down in History that for sure
LALakersboy24.7::Thats because His a Superstar &amp; someone that they will never be, this haters will never accomplish anything in their lives, they willl never be a superstar, they will never win millions of dollars, they will never be human only trolls, who never amounted to anything so they hate on Kobes legacy, its pathetic
GreenDragoon54::All I know is I can't wait until he's gonorrhea. Most overrated gunner in the NBA.
LALakersboy24.7::Thats because His a Superstar &amp; someone that they will never be, this haters will never accomplish anything in their lives, they willl never be a superstar, they will never win millions of dollars, they will never be human only trolls, who never amounted to anything so they hate on Kobes legacy, its pathetic
lakersfann1990::couldnt have said it better myself.
scottpilgrim31::No he won't
LALakersboy24.7::Kobes Pivot is the sickest ive ever seen besides Jordan's
AirTech24::KOBE FOOT WORK IS UNSEEN.  I LIKE LBJ BUT KB IS SICK AT 34.
lakersfann1990::Kobe scoring the basketball is the sickest ive ever seen besides jordan.
lakersfann1990::Most importantly i love the way dwight is playing now.
LALakersboy24.7::Yep
LALakersboy24.7::AceVenturaMavsCoach It's ridiculous how many calls the Lakers have been getting as of late. The Lakers are a prementer jump shooting team aside from Dwight and they go to the line numerous times. Especially Kobe. He's taken 41 free throws in the last 3 games. Some players don't even attempt that in a month. NBA at it's bias -------------------------------------------------------------------------- Haters are a bunch of cry babys kobe has been getting hammered &amp; the Reffs dont give him any calls anymore even John Ireland &amp; Michael tThompson when calling the game were saying it, Now because the Laker are getting in the playoofs you wanny cry about &amp; say the Reffs are helping them Pathetic!
numb1lakefanespn::love the way kobe creates new moves.no one is able to stop the strike dunk its too fast
GreenDragoon54::Meth or Crack?
numb1lakefanespn::have you seen his sky hook unguardable
numb1lakefanespn::i told you the lakers would win and mamba would bite thier heads off
lakersfann1990::i agree
lakersfann1990::scottpilgrim31-   I wonder how much Kobe pays the refs per game. Seriously I've never seen a bigger crybaby in the NBA who always gets his way. When he retires it's gonna be the greatest day in basketball history.  Actually when you  get off this board it will be.
lakersfann1990::dont have time for that why would he wanna keep tabs on what i do hes on here trolling.
lakersfann1990::why would i become a lakers fan during the roughest stretch in 5 years your bright.
AceVenturaMavsCoach::You probably were one than stopped being one than re became one lol
scottpilgrim31::lakersfann1990   Lakers Fan since March 2013
AceVenturaMavsCoach::It's ridiculous how many calls the Lakers have been getting as of late. The Lakers are a prementer jump shooting team aside from Dwight and they go to the line numerous times. Especially Kobe. He's taken 41 free throws in the last 3 games. Some players don't even attempt that in a month. NBA at it's bias
hateondis::It was bias. Duh. No cap problems and everyone passed the physical. If it wasn't bias then cp3 never should of been traded at all
hateondis::It was bias when the killed the cp3 trade. Kobe has been taking the ball to the hole. Notice that you don't cry about Howard ft attempt
AceVenturaMavsCoach::It wasn't bias. DID YOU SEE THE TRADE? The Pau Gasol screwover all over again.  Kobe drives maybe a few times a game max. He's been what he's always been. A jump shooter and a shot jacker.  Same goes for Dwight too when he gets to the line. you never know when he has a good night from the stripe
scottpilgrim31::I wonder how much Kobe pays the refs per game. Seriously I've never seen a bigger crybaby in the NBA who always gets his way. When he retires it's gonna be the greatest day in basketball history.
numb1lakefanespn::kobe will only get better as he ages..benjamin bean button bryant
numb1lakefanespn::nope he was actually bitten by a mamba snake
Mambaholic 33::HGH Baby!
Mambaholic 33::Makes far more sense then hopeless trolls that throw the same comments LBJ way  Honestly i could care less one way or the other....my issues with biggest ball hog in BB history r for much different reasons
hateondis::U wish. Hgh has nothing to do with energy. Hopeless trolls
lakersfann1990::Scottpilgrim31-   Kobe still sucks. anyone can take that many free throws and shots and barely beat a bad team.     Lets see you try that tomorrow Kobrick. Bulls are gonna rape you  It aint him or dwights fault they unguardable and guys gotta hold the jersey and wrap there arms around them.
hateondis::It happens when u take it to the hole. How  come u r not trolling Howard's ft attempt
numb1lakefanespn::any canadiens left?????mamba is shi ttin out a raptor
scottpilgrim31::Kobe still sucks. anyone can take that many free throws and shots and barely beat a bad team.   Lets see you try that tomorrow Kobrick. Bulls are gonna rape you
hateondis::Was u trolling when this same NBA killed the cp3 trade
AceVenturaMavsCoach::I know seriously. He was getting some very ticky tack calls last night. Refs are heartless towards anyone who plays the Lakers lately.
Swisher Price::What a hater
GBE 300 .bang bang::#mambadrunkoffthatvino
lakersfann1990::This clown said all you can bring up his kobes rings  well ill give you a number of things he has done as to why he is the best in the game now. Many of us have been saying it for years. And it appears now that it wasn’t just Kobe Bryant fans that were proclaiming the black mamba as the greatest in the game. According to a survey performed by the Sporting News, Kobe Bryant is at the top of the list of the 50 best players in the world. Who voted this top 50? A total of a 107 basketball experts including 28 hall of famers!
GreenDragoon54::That's not a number of things he's done. Clown. Unless he created the survey, which wouldn't be an accomplishment.
Mambaholic 33::All that and 32-31 with the most Money BB has every spent on single team....He should then be undefeated
GBE 300 .bang bang::mamba will have a playoff spot by tonight. fear the mamba
beverly.pouget::I thought he changed his name to Vino?     Anyway you're not supposed to give yourself a nick name.
GBE 300 .bang bang::like the self proclaimed queen james?
Mambaholic 33::Mambaholic*
Are we human. Or are we dancer::just like last year right?
GBE 300 .bang bang::championships without a HOF player    wade 0  shaq 0  lebron 0  duncan 0 jordan 0  kobe 2  (pau is not a HOF, only been an allstar 4 times off the bench)
hateondis::Gasol is a hof. It's not the NBA hof. It's the basketball hof. He was rookie of the year, 4 time all star, and he had an outstanding international career
GreenDragoon54::If Tony Parker is a Hall of Famer, so is Pau Gasol.
scottpilgrim31::Derek Fisher is a hall of famer
Mambaholic 33::If u keep saying it doesn't make it anymore true....Pau is a stud and without him those two season Fakers would be more like this season
regular joe 64::I cant ever remember seeing fans dancing in the streets, burning cars or kissing and hugging strange women when the mvp was announced.
beverly.pouget::They did not burn the city down
beverly.pouget::And when the Detroit Pistons beat the Lakers in 2004 for the championship and Chauncey Billups was the MVP.
Shaneborgess::mvp is the worst award that goes for KOBE 2 AS WELL
beverly.pouget::I do in the 80's when the Detroit Pistons won there championship and I forgot who the MVP was sorry.
regular joe 64::Detroit was burning the city down because they won, not because joe dumars won the mvp
Iknowaboutsports925::FINALS Kobe 5-2 Lebron 1-2  Lebron shot an air ball free-throw at the Finals.. and his team got swept in the Finals....
hateondis::I rather not make it to the finals if I was going to lose. You have to watch the other team celebration. If it's on your home court. Ouch.
Are we human. Or are we dancer::id rather get swept in the finals then swept in the first round as an 8 seed :)
Are we human. Or are we dancer::The thing is with kobe. all you can bring up is his rings. with players like mj you could bring up his rings and his great statistical numbers as well. Kobe is just a volume shooter that happened to be placed on a great team and when he had to do it on his own all he could get was an 8th seed in the west. kinda like now :)
Iknowaboutsports925::Kobe has great stats in the Finals... Lebron not so much...
Dane Kitazaki::Shaq 3 NBA finals MVPs with Kobe as his sidekick.  Kobe wasnt even the greatest on his own teams.  Stop it people
hateondis::Who cares about individual awards unless u play golf. Kobe has more rings than shaq.
JeremyShoji::Kobe won 2 Finals MVPs without Shaq.
Shaneborgess::out of shape missing games, are you new
Dane Kitazaki::R u dumb?  Who won the MVPs?
Shaneborgess::what? they did even go to Shaq inside of 3 minutes sometimes Phil took him off the floor
Dane Kitazaki::who was the MVP?  exactly
regular joe 64::Scoring champion is better than a world championship -morons
Iknowaboutsports925::" Regular season stats is better than Finals stats" - Lebron fans
Shaneborgess::what is the matter with you people? Paul Goerge , dont bring up finals if your a Kobe fan?????
Shaneborgess::dont bring up 5 rings
Shaneborgess::55555555555555555555555555
Dane Kitazaki::dont bring up finals stats if u r a kobe fan
hateondis::5-2 in the finals. Best stat right the.
lakersfann1990::Kobe at 34 years old unstoppable   Lebron at 34 years old coming off the bench.
lakersfann1990::I aint your bruh
Are we human. Or are we dancer::i see you self like your posts every time, bruh
Dane Kitazaki::Kobe is very stoppable.  LeBron gonna own the post at 34
Iknowaboutsports925::" 3 MVP's is better than 2 MVP FINALS" - Lebron fans
Shaneborgess::forget KOBE &amp; LEBRON Paul George????????
Shaneborgess::5555555555555555
Are we human. Or are we dancer::what if he wins the finals and gets another finals mvp again this year?
Dane Kitazaki::Iknowaboutsports925 - The Heat needed OT to beat the Raptors at home too don't be a hypocrite  But the Lakers are playing with urgency.  They should be blowing out teams like this
Iknowaboutsports925::The Heat needed OT to beat the Raptors too don't be a hypocrite
Dane Kitazaki::Iknowaboutsports925 - " if" what if Kobe win another finals mvp?  LMAO, they can barely beat the raptors at home
Iknowaboutsports925::" if" what if Kobe win another finals mvp?
Dane Kitazaki::LeBron is gonna have more than 2 NBA finals MVPs
JeremyShoji::Probability says that Lebron has a better chance of choking than winning another Finals MVP.
Dane Kitazaki::its probabilty
Iknowaboutsports925::Wishful thinking..
regular joe 64::Ask steve nash charles barkley karl malone john stockton if they would give back all their individual awards for one title
Shaneborgess::ya what would they give up for 5?
Dane Kitazaki::Too bad it doesnt work like that
Dane Kitazaki::im dumb, they wouldnt have to give up awards dumb shet
regular joe 64::I always try and refrain from verbal attacks, but youre really dumb
larshook::I see there's a bunch of tickets left for the Chicago game at $9 apiece. They're practically giving tickets away. I guess noone wants to watch another Laker let down. Back to .500 tomorrow and then a nice road trip to continue the slide. You've got to love the freak show they call the Lakers!
Dane Kitazaki::gonna be a boring game
Iknowaboutsports925::For Pacers fans remember this?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7Lp5aQq4zI
