Eric Jvon Thomas::Wizards are gonna run them out the gym lol are team is stacked now
David Garcia::Wizards suck huge cock
David Ferguson::You're right!
Eric Jvon Thomas::David Garcia people who talk about cock usually does that type of thing
Josh Jordan::19-13 !
Tom Totosz::Washington will always stink. A lot of their high draft picks becoma busts like Beal. He is a shoot first bum who went 4-12 today and somehow Ariza 3-14 managed to shoot worse which is almost impossible. Washington has Wall and nobody else. Pathetic
Aaron Cohen::Beal is averaging 21 PPG and is considered one of the best young SGs in the league. You must not watch must basketball.
Fjodor Balla::Aaron Cohen 18,7 and shooting poorly but he's only 20 and on the rise
Shoot Jung::Mavericks won the rising Timberwolves where as Wizards won the Pistons. There is not doubt that both have been playing well lately. However, I'm confident Mavericks will win this game.
Joe Brooks::Looks like Dallas should let Dirk have a sprained ankle and leave him on the bench. He's playing like crap.
Joe Brooks::Will be an amazing win for Dallas considering Dirk is acting like he's playing for Washington.
Rolando Mercado::damm, carter and wright must have been lovers in a past life because their chemistry is amazing!
Greg Ziska::gross, and i like it.
Brandon Milligan::John Wall is seriously behind Derrick Rose in all-star voting? That is ridiculous.
Shawn Bento::The average NBA fan knows nothing about basketball.  That's also why Lin is ahead of Westbrook and Lillard in ASG voting
Craig Keller::wall should be behind ellis also, 7 t/o's!
Tom Totosz::Washington in a close game vas firing 18 foot jump shots every tune down. Can't win that way.
Jacob Steele::All the Mavericks need to take another trip to the finals is Tyson Chandler back.
Shoot Jung::Told you guys Mavericks will win.
Cali Native::Wiz got paid to lose.
Fjodor Balla::Go Mavs! Close the road trip in style!
Jashaun Vegas Kisling::wizards in last 5 games have topped weak teams celtics, knicks, Nets, Pistons, timberwolves...mavericks in the last 5 games have topped good teams rockets, timberwolves, Bulls or taken a loss to good teams such as the spurs, suns. You get the point?
Chris Corr::LOL. You listed Timberwolves as a weak team when talking about the Wiz, and as a strong team when talking about the Mavs. You're not too bright are you?
Nick Mullinix::Bulls are a strong team???  LOL  You're an idiot
Jared Keen::Wolves beat the wizards aswell.
Max Klein::Monta does not like the Wiz apparently. In 2 games this year he has held Beal to 2-10 from the floor and 4-13 from the floor. Also when you see Monta blocking multiple shots in a game you know they must have done something to piss him off.
Tom Totosz::It makes me sick to know that a guy like Beal gets paid millions of dollars to absolutely stink at his job. If we stink at our job, we get fired with no pay. I hope this kid gets hit by a car just good enough that it ends his career
Aaron Cohen::Please don't breed. The world has enough ignorant stupid people on it already.
Brandon Tigues::wow did you really just wish death upon somebody over a game? no wonder this country is as messed up as it is
Fjodor Balla::Brandon Tigues Technically he said "just good enough that it ends his career" ..but yeah..this guy looks full of himself
Joe Brooks::Here goes Dallas again. When your players are too old to play basketball they just lay outside and throw up 3-pt bricks. Marion and Carter on the floor at the same time??? No chance.
Aeron Uchiha::Our superstar ankle was hurt, he should have stayed on the bench rather than have a no show game. Everything said and done, we still won the game... Go Mavs!!!!
Harry Boughner::"Dallas completes a three-game trip Wednesday night as it looks to win four in a row on the road for the first time in nearly three years with a fifth straight victory in Washington."  Do they get two wins if they beat Washington?
Fjodor Balla::The sentence is correct.
Fjodor Balla::fifth straight victory in Washington..i.e fifth year in a row
Nick Mullinix::LOL... 1st half O/U was 103... And 80% of public bet was OVER.. Hahaaa!  That's why all those bright lights keep shining out there in the desert.
Rolando Mercado::i hate when dirk gets hurt and all he does is set screens and is used as a decoy, while his defense gets even worse.
Fjodor Balla::and also misses his shooting touch...frustrating to watch as a Dirk fan.
Joe Brooks::Well now all the Mavs are following Dirks lead and no-showing the second half.
Tom Totosz::Washington has some good shooters on there team. Hope they keep up the good work
Rob Dickenson::Does anyone know why Nowitzki left the game after barely a minute played?
Tony Snipes::Another NBA game where neither team is able to reach at least 90 pts.
