LongDongSilverOU812::When will the NBA get serious about a hard cap? I am a born Laker Fan, been one all my life. Even I know the big markets will continue to dominate for one reason only...Money. Why is it the NFL can find a way to make it competative, but the NBA cant? Look at Orlando and Clevland...next it will be OKC and Memphis...their top players will be in NY MIA and LA....
Scottydons87::Looks like the story of this game lies in the Wizards bench. Not a single player with a positive +/-
Spek_takulore::At least we can beat the Wizards on the road...
brohani::Definitely feel your pain wizards fans...big time bobcats fan here. Last season was ROUGH. keep faith you guys have some good pieces...all it takes is an exciting upbeat player to pick in the draft and an up tempo coach to get things back on track
aleopriest::I went to the game last night and my girlfrind almost took a nap in the 3rd Qrt. She says she sees more excitement standing in line at Wendy's. The place is dead, and I feel no energy from the team. What the owner and GM has done to this team over the years is disgraceful. To sit there and trade all of the good players over the years to me is a total sellout, and an insult to the fans that have supported the Wizards over the years. I don't blame the players or the coach, but I think the GM and the owner need to step forward to take the heat, and stop trying to give us on fake food give aways and a t shirt toss.  We deserve better then that!!
Sports_Fanatic_3::The GM needs to go...the head coach needs to go...that's all.
jwusrt11::All the Wiz need are a PG, SG, PF, SF C Head coach, Asst Coach, GM ability to Draw fans without bribing them with CHICK-FIL-A sandwiches...and they are a shoe in for the LArry O'Brian Trophy...WATCH OUT HEAT!!!
Ganesh7007::Did anyone notice that Jan Vesely didn't play at all in the second half after starting the game and being a real spark plug in the first half?   That's BAD coaching!
Cool Sun 13::Wow 0-8, this is just sad. On the bright side, at least the Wizards will have chance to get a very high draft pick once again.
smokeysaj::Pre-season, people were saying Wizards would be on the rise, but I guess they forgot they play out of DC. Nothing works as it should there.
numberounofightingirish::Been betting with an online system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months. I have made over $3,000 a month now for three straight months since I started following it. This system was on the very first page of Google when I searched terms like Baseball Betting System or Sports Betting System.
jaysdailydose::Any people familiar with Utah sports radio or local talk know if they expect Favors to keep starting long term?  I don't have anyone on Twitter in Utah, and I've got Favors in two of my leagues... obviously he started tonight, but wonder what the local buzz is on him staying in the lineup... been waiting for his explosion since he was drafted! :D
I3UTTON::Washington Generals &gt; Washington Wizards
Kev_010::how well did the "big" lineup work with the Jazz?
scow79::It was terrible.  15-2 for Washington to start the game I believe.
bhlraven1619::Time for change...  The Wizards need to move back to Baltimore and change the name back to Bullets!!! It's that dumba$$ name that this team won't win!!!! The coaching sucks!!!!! The players are heartless!!! No motivation and they get paid!!!!!! Grunfeld has got to be the worse GM on the planet!!!! This team year in and year out just don't want to win!!!!
jwusrt11::AMEN!
kozanski2000::How the hell does Grunfeld still have the GM's job there? Makes a terrible trade to bring in two vets they didn't need, and the team still sucks. This year should have been about playing all the young guys and getting another top pick, and maybe a free agent. Now they are capped out and still losing. Time for change DC.
Knight13951::The Wizards are so pathetic.  Last years bobcats &gt;  this years Wizards at least we have a lottery pick to look forward to. How about a  dominant center or power forward?
jwusrt11::maybe the Wiz will try and draft Britney Griner
sjmcb160::Well, I really hope the Jazz don't take a bad deal. Either Millsap or Jefferson should command a GREAT shooter if that's what they're going for. They are easily both 20-10 guys without some of their points/rebounds going to Kanter/Favors.
-STRAYA-::Is it just that 1 guy on Twitter who said Burks is on the block? Because he has probably seen he isn't getting any time and just assumed it.
scow79::Yeah, at least then I could watch him play
jeffwawa::I would hate to lose him, but if we aren't going to use him then we should get something for him.
scow79::I don't know how much there is to it.  Amico is one of the more reliable sources out there though
Watneys67::Jazz have a 15-point 1st quarter and an 18-point 4th quarter and win handily - unfortunately, they only get to play in DC once a year, so this is almost certainly the only game all year they are going to win scoring under 85 points.
Chinko and The Beard::Alec Burks just collecting dust on the bench I wish the Rockets would trade for him.
Hattchlu::The Jazz have 24 offensive rebounds and the Wiz have 26 defensive rebounds.
-STRAYA-::Bledsoe is about the only player I would be happy to get for Burks.
scow79::All the Jazz would here from the other end from the Clippers would be laughter as they hung up the phone
jesusshuetterowrth::Vote 4 Omer Asik 4 all star game!  http://allstarballot.nba.com/daily?referrer=&amp;cid=
45386::lol
JPHoks1981::Why are other Jazz fans so obsessed with Burks. Hes shooting 20 percent when he is in there and if he was that great he would get the minutes and not be on the trading block.
JPHoks1981::Thank you if he could play the PG I would say do it but he cant and I sure as hell wouldnt want him in over Foye, Hayward Williams or Carroll
jeffwawa::I haven't heard of him being on the trading block. Do you have a source?
JPHoks1981::Amico on Twitter
JPHoks1981::I have to find it bare with me.
mikeisildur::He has talent but you're not wrong in implying he's a little overrated.
scow79::Tinsley is shooting 17% now and hasn't scored a point in over 90 minutes.   How the hell does a player like this get minutes over a lottery pick?
dubcheedubmee::i hate how dudes like this still get jobs in the NBA. there such p.u.ssies. its like grant hill all they do is go in and make easy passes and take zero risks commit zero turnovers do just enough to still get a paycheck but really do not belong or contribute in any significant way
45386::Every team needs a player who can be the steady hand. Someone who will play solid team defense, unselfish on the offensive end, and a voice of reason for the players.
dubcheedubmee::bull
-STRAYA-::Grant Hill is still playing excellent D/Hitting shots. Horrible comparison
-STRAYA-::Because the older you are, the better you are apparently. Corbin thinks it is why the Knicks are winning so much
GeorgeTownMan29::Number 1 pick next year will be ours!
tgmetal99::that's what Charlotte thought last year, oops!
surfzone365::Need a lot of cream cheese for the big bagel in the Wizards win column....
jeffwawa::I wasn't able to watch the whole game, but based on the stat lines it looks like Hayward and Foye are better coming off of the bench.
jazzmantitch::Start Burks? Definitely give him Tinsley's minutes.
-STRAYA-::Start Burks then!
joeyxfly::Wizards suckkkk
Watneys67::Tonight, the Jazz look like a 37-45 team ......... The Wizards look like a 10-72 team (at best)
dubcheedubmee::while the wiz are pathetic i do believe missing wall and nene have more to do with that then we expected
mikeisildur::Not ready to paint the Jazz as a losing team until they've played some more home games.
rbmw263::this game was a joke.  ive never been so pissed i watched a basketball game.
Wombat1247::Burks for Kendall Marshall - neither getting any time, but Jazz need a 1 &amp; the Suns needs a back up 2
rbmw263::a game where the team has no energy and cant score to save their lives, this would have been a PERFECT game to bring Burks in.
KKhan04::A trade with burks will probably involve Millsap/Jefferson for a shooter/picks
rbmw263::it was just a bad game, with bad basketball.  How did Favors and Hayward not finish the game?  and i can think of 29 teams that would have beat us by 20 tonight.  but to be honest, i prob wouldnt care about that too much if it werent for the Burks thing.  That really set me off.
JPHoks1981::Hopefully another 20 percent shooter. If he was so great he would play.
mikeisildur::Is it because of the Burks thing?
jcihmhummy::what burks thing?
-STRAYA-::What could you get for Burks? And I wouldn't go believing some guys twitter just yet
jazzmantitch::The Jazz have been abysmal but still get a road win. Big positive.
mikeisildur::What the hell is this?  Did both teams just come to a gentleman's agreement to end the game 2 minutes early?
JuMueller::haha free chick fil a
JuMueller::hayward looks so depressed
LeBron Owns Hondo::Carroll is such a stud. Hustles on every play, whether they're up by 30 or down by 30
Sportsfan61679::Now just need the Cavs to win it by 3 and Clippers to lead by 2 at the end of first quarter and it will be a good night
bozeheadsteelers::Wow do you know how tough it is to not score 10 points in a quarter!!!!
45386::wtf
KKhan04::Raptors scored 5 in the 4th and won Wednesday
KKhan04::Anyone think Carroll is better taking Marvin's starting spot or is he better on the bench?
KKhan04::yea now I think having harris would have been better since I think we could have amnestied him
Pintz11::i always believe it was stupid for them to get marvin because carrol showed he could be a rotational player.. the jazz are still an inconsistent team.. different player every night.
-STRAYA-::Bench
sjmcb160::Even the Wiz broadcasters giving Carrol props
sjmcb160::2 road wins against teams with a combined overall record of 2-15. Solace?
Sportsfan61679::baby steps
KKhan04::Lakers don't have a road win
Sportsfan61679::Once, Jazz got that 5 point lead it was over.  Wizards struggle to score 12 points in this quarter
torrtis::On league pass they are showing the game with Jazz commentators. And oh my they are damn obnoxious.
mikeisildur::Bolerjack and Harpring are huge homers.  Matt Harpring is pretty funny imo, though.
sandmansez::0-82 guaranteed! What a joke!
WaveySauce585::wizards +3 i knew it wasnt good when i bet it.........
sandmansez::Always a  safe bet for them to lose. LOL!
.Cutty::Rule #1 Never bet on the Wizards
45386::Rule #2 Never bet on the Jazz on the road, tough predicament
mikeisildur::In his defense it was a home game against the Jazz
d butler16::The Wizards are a disgrace   -Tony Kornheiser
sandmansez::I concur!.
dubcheedubmee::they are an embarrassment to basketball
Sportsfan61679::OMG Oregon n K-State might go down.  opens the door open for Notre Dame, for the love of god don't let that happen
mikeisildur::|'d rather see ND win than any SEC team again.
WaveySauce585::not gonna beat USC, If notre dame played an sec team they lose by 40
dubcheedubmee::kind of like what oklahoma fans were saying not too long ago...
dubcheedubmee::notre dame is in no matter what when they stomp USC next week
.Cutty::K-State is not gonna lose Oregon might though. Stanford is good.
.Cutty::Wizards are the worst.
dubcheedubmee::21 second chance points....the story of the wizards past decade. can never get the ball to bounce their way
