tombradysdabest::dfxzgasdf
ThatsGoodSoup7963::I'm very disappointed in this message board today. =(   We should all be ashamed of ourselves.
Syrindge::It's still possible to fall to the 8th seed but looking much less likely with this win and the bucks loss...man they almost threw this game away too; but too little too late.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::...hello? Guys, we won a game, clinched a playoff spot and Paul Pierce just welcomed a new baby boy into his family! Where is everyone? This is cause for celebration! Go CELTICS.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Allllll right! Go CELTICS. Thanks, Jeff, for your heroics lately. Looking good, man!
_I Am A Celtic_:::)
paulleena12::Lets go Celtics !!!
garnolfini::Melo 90 points in two games. Scoring title within reach.
Jdzspace::nobody cares
BXwarriorBX::Celtics suck
Jdzspace::C's!!!
Kneill313::heard bk7 fd up bad?
Shabazz54::Ok here's a quandry if Garnett is not ready or limited for the 1st round, do you bring fab melo out of the d-league and if that happens who sits?
CanesJags4life::Makes you wonder why Fab didnt just stay at Cuse a little longer
Shabazz54::Ok you guys would know better than I would, I just thought maybe his defense would offer a change up from wilcox and bass
Dribbird.::No.  Fab has looked awful in the limited amount of time they have played in Boston.  He is still a year or 2 away from being NBA ready
Saude36::"I really really hope and Pray Boston does not fall to the 8th seed"  -Miami Cheat
Triple2xAllday::Hope kg gets healthy for the post season  Prayers for the big ticket yo
celticgreen2012::I'm surprised no one is talking about the KG situation. Honestly I thought the Celtics had an outside chance at a run to the ECF maybe, but with KG's bone spurs that might be the death blow. Hope i'm wrong.
Shabazz54::Get him some robofeet
Dribbird.::Nah.  1 robo part per team.   give it to Rondo's knee.
Dribbird.::If KG is out for the playoffs we are F'd
celticgreen2012::yeah after seeing what bone spurs did to Ray Allen last year, I'm really nervous.
Shabazz54::Uggg everyone's been talking about the KG situation forever!  It's jeff green's robo heart or nothing now.
Triple2xAllday::Good job for the celtics getting that p o spot
Roll to 15::I believe Rondo is going to have a quick recovery, only like 2 months removed from Surgery and he is shooting at shoot around before the pistons game.
Shabazz54::Hey a pair of and 1 shoes gave me the skills i needed to get myself a b- in a community college kick boxing class.  I'll take John Wall in a river city ransom fight every time, if we both have those shoes.
Shabazz54::I think the future is now John Wall yeah I said it let your hate rain down upon me!
Dribbird.::John Wall is a future And 1 player.
Dribbird.::I think Rondo will be back before Rose.
Shabazz54::Detroit shows basketball is hard. you get in your own head when on an open fast break you can't decide which looks cooler a dunk or a jazzy finger roll.  Leave Brandon Knight alone! Leave'em alone!
Shabazz54::Von Wafer 2.0! eehh pretty good Celtics reference huh?
Dribbird.::haha Von.   not bad.
Shabazz54::Right now it's a battle between that, his deandre jordan crushing or him falling down at the allstar game being crossed over by irving, quite a career this young man has made for himself.
Dribbird.::A legend in the making.
Dribbird.::That miss was epic.
HoyaTexan::Good day for NBA Hoyas
Dribbird.::Green's been beastin lately.   27 or more points in 3 of his last 4 games.
Dribbird.::How many open layups did Detroit miss tonight?
Shabazz54::Thanks Gotta hope that we can keep Calderon, get a washer in exchange for Stuckey and Villanueva.  And I might be foolish here but I like Olandipo for a shooting guard.  Takes good shots and should be filthy on the defense.
Shabazz54::About 4 or 5 but its ok its just  lulling the rest of the league into a false sense of security for next year.
Dribbird.::lol.  GL next season and in the lottery.
Dribbird.::I love the Red Sox, but baseball season doesn't really start until basketball season ends.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::That's how I look at it. There's plenty of baseball left after bball is over.
Dribbird.::Seriously.  It's 162 game season.   More than enough baseball to go around.
Celtics1634::Oh here come the Sox fans.  TRAITORS!
Dribbird.::??
Dribbird.::lol, I knew what you were sayin.   But I wasn't on the Sox board either.  I was at my friends house watchin the games.   Stayed on the Celtics game most of the time since he's a dirty Yankees fans and we can atleast agree about basketball
Celtics1634::Don't play clueless with me
Dribbird.::C's really didn't play a good game.  Detroit was just flat out awful.  Still, it's nice to see Jeff Green coming into his own.
brisilk::Considering the Pistons beat the C's by double digits the last 4 times they played each other, this win is big despite the horrendous effort on the boards.
paulleena12::Doc likes playing Pierce and Green together now.
PP owns Rondo::Man, we have a ton of fair-weather C's fans on here bashing real C's fans who think we can still win a title. Why not believe? We have as great a chance as any team in the playoffs. All you have to do is make the tourney and anything can happen. Just b/c some of you don't believe the C's can win it all, don't stop other's belief. I'm with the C's all the way to Banner 18 until we get "knocked" out and I think the C's will win it all.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Don't go calling me a fair weather fan because that's what I believe.
brisilk::UK_Basketball_for_Life752 - I never compared the two. I simply refuted your comment on RR being a bad defensive player. You are clearly wrong.  RR is a subpar defensive player for his freakish athletic ability.  I hope he returns next season with a renewed focus on both ends of the floor.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::I never compared the two. I simply refuted your comment on RR being a bad defensive player. You are clearly wrong.
brisilk::UK_Basketball_for_Life752 - No it's not. It's gambling on a play. And it works because we consistently lead the league in opponents' PPG.   Maybe you should take notes old man.  Look, if you think RR is anywhere close to the on the ball defender AB is, then you have rocks in your head.  It's not even up for discussion!!!!
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::No it's not. It's gambling on a play. And it works because we consistently lead the league in opponents' PPG.   Maybe you should take notes old man.
brisilk::UK_Basketball_for_Life752 - And AB hasn't been anywhere near the level he was at last year defensively.  Look at the C's defensive numbers since AB returned to the lineup!!!!!
brisilk::UK_Basketball_for_Life752 - I watch every game. You calling Rondo a lazy defensive player is ridiculous. Taking too many chances? Yes  Lazy?????????????? NO  Gambling on D is being lazy.  You obviously never played organized ball, young fella!!!!
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::And AB hasn't been anywhere near the level he was at last year defensively.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::I watch every game. You calling Rondo a lazy defensive player is ridiculous. Taking too many chances? Yes  Lazy?????????????? NO
brisilk::UK_Basketball_for_Life752 - Rondo, the player who makes the All Defense team every year? That Rondo?  You obviously don't WATCH the games.  RR's on the ball D is atrocious.  He gambles way too much and consistently gets beat by inferior PG's.  I don't care if he gets voted to the All Defensive team.  Anybody with half a brain knows AB is ten times the defender RR is.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Rondo, the player who makes the All Defense team every year? That Rondo?
brisilk::UK_Basketball_for_Life752 - 1. No Rondo 2. Subpar Defense 3. Not deep enough bench 4. Poor perimeter shooting  D has been subpar with KG out.  RR is a LAZY defensive player.  He could learn a thing or two from AB and Lee.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::5. The Miami Heat  They are a really great team this year.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::1. No Rondo 2. Subpar Defense 3. Not deep enough bench 4. Poor perimeter shooting
PP owns Rondo::Give me reasons of why we can't win?
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::I have not lost one ounce of love for my C's.
passin me by::Green a star caliber player easily
brisilk::How's that Perk trade looking right about now.  Love to see the nitwit Boston media eat CROW!!!!!
Barrk_40::JEFF GREEEEEEENNNNN
Shaun0088::Feels like you just yelled at us lol.
bruins fan for life::ik we have a game  in  Miami next week  we got to beat them
BeantownBomber718::Next Weekend we play Miami &amp; Orlando in a back to back.
passin me by::Not this week
bruins fan for life::i mean next week
NineOunces::Ol' Charlie V went off with the accuracy tonight, huh?   2 for 17?!?!  That has to be hard as sh:)t to do!
silkenwilkster::Actually, Kobe has never had a game in his career where he shot as poorly while taking as many shots.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Kobe does it quite  a bit
bruins fan for life::if green plays like he is right now and kg can be kg and Paul can be the truth and captain clutch then I think we can win the title
BeantownBomber718::Wishful thinking.
TexasLonghorns247::I think Sully is capable of averaging 10+ points and 10 rebounds.
beebopbaloop::He can get 4-6 points off of offensive rebounds easy.  He can probably average more than 10 pts a game if a few plays are called for him.
passin me by::I think he can get more than 10+ points
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Easily
TexasLonghorns247::He's got a nice jump shot, too. I'd like to see him pull a few 3's next year.
passin me by::I'm glad we got T Will
BeantownBomber718::I would be more Glad if Doc Rivers would utilize him more and/or bring the best out of him. T-Will has been getting more minutes as of late but Doc only wants him to sit on the ball and then pass to an open wingman coming off of a screen.
BeantownBomber718::passin me by - I think Doc trying to use him like Rondo  Yes, only he doesn't use him well or much at all. T-Will has the skill set to possibly be a 13 ppg 5 rpg &amp; 5 apg type of guy, only Doc would still prefer to throw more minutes in Bradley, Lee or Terry's direction.
passin me by::I think Doc trying to use him like Rondo
TexasLonghorns247::as am I. He's got a lot of potential we just need him to put it all together.
beebopbaloop::Glad for the playoff spot and all, but two things:  1) Pistons grabbed almost as many offensive rebounds as Boston's TOTAL rebounds. 2) Boston had trouble putting away a Pistons team who couldn't beat Rihanna if their first five were all named Chris Brown.  Not very encouraging.
beebopbaloop::I'm not sure if the coaching staff's "to hell with the offensive rebounds" philosophy is the best plan.  Pretty sure we got beat in at least 5 instances because the other team kept scoring on second chance shots.
beebopbaloop::UK_Basketball_for_Life752 - That's always been Doc's philosophy. But with no strong bigs, it's magnified.  No strong bigs, no consistent scoring... in close games that one or 2 additional offensive rebound could mean a W.  Like in our losses to the Hornets and the Grizzlies.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::That's always been Doc's philosophy. But with no strong bigs, it's magnified.
beebopbaloop::UK_Basketball_for_Life752 - That, and we don't have any bigs right now.  If I remember correctly they were leaning in that direction since the start of the season, when we still had Sully.  A 4-offensive rebound game (maybe 3 from Sully) was considered a good game.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::That, and we don't have any bigs right now.
passin me by::Well 1) we are missing Rondo,Sully,and KG they mean a lot
brisilk::They had lost their last 4 meetings with the Pistons by double digits.  I'll take the WIN!!!!
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::We can't expect a banner this year. Just hope for a nice run.
beebopbaloop::TexasLonghorns247 - I really feel like we can win a title this year IF Jeff Green keeps up this high level of play and so does Pierce. We'll probably need one of those sweet KG playoff performances again as well.   Love the optimisim on Jeff Green, seriously.  But he seriously only shows up every other game.  Sometimes even once in three.  With the lack of scorers.  I'm not pinning any hopes on him just yet.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::I don't see it TX. We're not that good and our defense is below par. We cannot compete with Miami. Just being honest.
TexasLonghorns247::I really feel like we can win a title this year IF Jeff Green keeps up this high level of play and so does Pierce. We'll probably need one of those sweet KG playoff performances again as well.
Celtics1634::True
bruins fan for life::I hope the Celtics fill the void at center in free agenty
HipHopJuice617 supports the Celtics::Al Jefferson
TexasLonghorns247::My guess is Rondo and Green retire Celtics.
michael107117::Doc needs to start Jeff Green when KG comes back, Green seems to play better when he starts
passin me by::They will be better on Defense
Sportfreak0284::This guy has been sucking Lebrons D I C K too long and now he has to deal with it when he retires
brules88::former georgetown players developing well in nba... green, monroe, and hibbert
Shabazz54::When do Monroe and Hibbert get cyborg hearts to go into championship mode?
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Anyone think Rondo leaves the C's when his contract is up?
HipHopJuice617 supports the Celtics::Depends who they put around him.  I wouldn't trade him though.  C's need to get Al Jefferson in the offseason.  That will make us a contender next season
passin me by::Al plays no D
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::I want Josh Smith and eventually, Demarcus Cousins.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::But what aboutthe endless trade talk?
TexasLonghorns247::I dunno why Ainge continues to swirl Rondo's name in the trade rumors. It's so damn annoying, Rondo is our franchise center piece keep him and build around him.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Think they would have to at this point.
TexasLonghorns247::Any way to throw in a no trade clause? I think that'd be smart.
TexasLonghorns247::I believe Ainge locked up everyone to 3 year deals to pay Rondo and AB $. I'd suggest locking him up before the off season [when his contract expires] though. We can pay as much as he wants.
bruins fan for life::no
mykal151::HOW MANY YEARS LEFT ON IT 3?
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::2 or 3
TexasLonghorns247::Nah, C's gonna give him a lot of $$$
the perk::heat fan since the decision you are not a heat fan.
HipHopJuice617 supports the Celtics::Lebron groupie.  They are much worst then Miami fans.
Heat_Fan_Since_Decision::WELL GOOD NIGHT TO CELTIC NATION......HOW DO THE HEAT $@%! TASTE!!!
HipHopJuice617 supports the Celtics::How does Lebron's nuts taste since your so in love with him?  Get some help dude
bruins fan for life::we will shut you guys up see you in the playoffs
bruins fan for life::Miami you better hope that lerbron is never a free agent
BeantownBomber718::I honestly feel if Boston had the money...LeBron would've came to Boston over Miami. We had Pierce, K.G., Allen, Rondo and we have a historical Franchise with a Winning Championships is all that matters mentality.
BeantownBomber718::UK_Basketball_for_Life752 - Rondo would have to go. They don't fit together.  Not entirely....LeBron does dominate the ball but if you ran backdoor screens and set plays for LeBron a good amount it could allow Rondo to make pin point passes to LeBron for the alley oop or open jumper or lane.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Rondo would have to go. They don't fit together.
BeantownBomber718::UK_Basketball_for_Life752 - Have to disagree here. LBJ's nemesis was always Boston. Can't imagine him ever signing.  I could....he used to wear Celtics gear all the time as a High School player and He respects Doc Rivers as a coach, also he owns a portion of a Soccer team along with Boston Red Sox ownership.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::Have to disagree here. LBJ's nemesis was always Boston. Can't imagine him ever signing.
the perk::heat fan since the decision -you are not a heat fan you are a james fan a$$hole
Heat_Fan_Since_Decision::KEEP MAKING LEBRON LEAVING IN 2014 JOKES LMAO   WHEN HE RESIGNS......BACK TO BEING MIAMI HEAT SUBORDINATES
Shaun0088::Rumor is he's on the roids.
TexasLonghorns247::Laugh, as we all remember Cleveland fans used to say stuff like this.
HipHopJuice617 supports the Celtics::He's a Lebron d**krider.  Just look at his name, he's embarrassing himself.
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::The joke is on you: he's as good as gone.
HipHopJuice617 supports the Celtics::F**k the Heat.  I want the Knicks in the first round.  NY fans been popping off to much lately.
Sportfreak0284::At least Melo didnt put 50 on us in our own home
Sportfreak0284::Heat still have a good home record
Sportfreak0284::I think so, must have been way before the big 3 era, Jordan put up like 62 on us but still Anthony raped the heat
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::The "Heat". He played against their D League team.
Celtics1634::Didn't Iverson put 46 or 48 on us once?
Heat_Fan_Since_Decision::DERRICK ROOKIE ROSE AND BEN BUM GORDON TOOK THE 2008 CELTICS TO 7 GAMES  2013 MIAMI HEAT WOULD BEAT 2008 C'S 4-2
TexasLonghorns247::That was 2009, genius.
Jdzspace::with no KG......that's true  good thing Rondo averaged a triple double in that series
Sportfreak0284::Then he jumped ship for gloryville or s h i t ville
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::He knows. He used to be a Celtic fan.
bruins fan for life::Lets Beat the Heat!!!!
OMAR BIAN::Knicks VS Celtics 1st Round Celtics in 6?
wlbobbo::4
Jdzspace::5
passin me by::We can get a better Free Agent big man
BeantownBomber718::Thank you...this years draft has no Future Star Bigs. I'd go for Best available player in the Draft &amp; sign a big body.
Heat_Fan_Since_Decision::CELTICS TEAM NEEDS:  LEBRON "KING" JAMES
the perk::and then you would be a c's fan i guess
UK_Basketball_for_Life752::You'll be saying the same thing after next year.
Jdzspace::no, we are a REAL team. we dont' need LeBitch  we have MEN on our team....not girls
bruins fan for life::well your right we don't need lebitch
