wiseone98807::Way to lock it down for the post season ATL!
bigmacandfries::please help me out if you see any Heat Fans in the morning this will help them feel better as the day goes by    Newsflash a massive Heatwave took over the world causing Heat fans to dance to the Streak, but they took a wrong turn on The Windy City Street,   Someone told them to stay away from the Windy City because Heatwaves usually Die in pity. The Heat fan said how could this be' the windy city fan Replied  , Fool i told you its too Dam Cold for Heatwaves this time of year.     My name is Deli Dale i wrote this message and i dam sure approve this message oh by the way GO BULLS!!!!!!    ps this message was created by the Makers of We Broke Your Dam Streak.com i know what you are saying as you read this you Mutha $@%!$@ please pass along and make a heat fan day i know i will.
CashinOutNBA1993::Lets go Hawks.
Jdan524g::Really impressed with the Hawks this season. Just to be in this position is amazing considering their resources. They wont win it all, but they are headed in the right direction.
wiseone98807::I agree.  We really have no "star" on our team and we are still hanging in there with teams like the Knicks, Pacers, Bulls, etc.  I don't think we can win it all without some more talent overall (the Heat have our number), but we might get there in the next 5-10 years.
Texans1095::check it out!! http://austinsmithwnis.blogspot.com/2013/03/2013-mlb-predictions.html
patg55555::Congrats, Hawks. No Lou Williams, Joe Johnson, or Marvin Williams and you still pull it off. Can't wait to see what's in store for the playoffs and next year with Mr. Ferry in office.
johnholmes6969::Man rudy sure is gay
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Last 6 games 46%. I wanna be Gay to.
danielc901::You have to stop defending that statement.   You guys lost your last 5 of 6 games. That's the ultimate end result!
BayAreaFan40::pretty sad how the 6th, 7th, 8th seeds don't even need a winning record to make the playoffs in the east
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::No favorite teams you have no right to blab. Please tell me you are a Warriors fan.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::So tell me how are the Warriors any better than the 6-7-8 seeds in the East. I will wait.
BayAreaFan40::i am and they would be at least in 4th if they were playing in the east
danielc901::Keep shooting, Rudy! Eventually they will go in.  Wait, maybe they won't.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Doesn't change the fact that Rudy has been shooting the lights out.   Our coaching staff is losing us games. It is an NBA thing. Rudy, DeRozan, Lowry, Double A, JV and Amir build up a lead then our coaching staff doesn't play them in then second half. It is an influence thing. Raptors need a solid coach to not listen to the NBA and play our starters the minutes every other teams starters play. Look at Portlands starters minutes. That should be the Raptors
danielc901::lol you mad, bro?
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Stats? Fake Grizz fans like you come on our boards all the time and spout Rudys bad shooting stats. You. Are. A. Joke.
danielc901::I can tell you have not watched many if any Grizz games in the past. You can quote stats all day long. Stats do not bring a winning atmosphere (ie Rudy Gay).  Who is Tony Douglas?
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::If you got on a court one day you would realize that having a guy that has hit game winners like they are nothing time after time after time after time is absolutely invaluable. 24 since 2008 with less than 15 seconds you would understand how Rudy Gay was a HUGE LOSS FOR THE GRIZZ. You are a fake Grizz fan. You don't realize that trading Rudy "because of money" doesnt makes you better. Your ownership is broke. Have fun drawing up game winning shots to Tony Douglas
danielc901::You owned me? What are you 12 years old?  What does me actually playing basketball in a local park have to do with anything? You lost me there.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::I just owned you. Period. Why don't you get on the court one day and actually realize how basketball is played? It won't hurt you. Just go to your local park and grab your balls and ask the guys there if you can jump on a team.
danielc901::SMH. We will talk when you guys actually DO get in the playoffs (if ever with Rudy).  Continue on.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Who cares about the money????!!? The only reason you care is because the Memphis ownership has brainwashed you into thinking that money means anything. MLSE is a Multi BILLION DOLLAR corporation they can spend a little now that we have Rudy and a solid 8 guys that can bring us a playoff appearance. In the offseason the Raps are gonna get another talented Big based on Rudy being on the Raptors.  Know why the real Grizz fans were mad they lost Rudy??? The same exact SNs that loved him??? The 24 game winning shots he hit for you which is the most in the NBA since 2008. Just by talking with though I get you don't really understand how basketball works and you are most likely a Bleacher Report disciple
danielc901::I understand all of that. But paying Rudy Gay Lebron James money is utterly ignorant. PERIOD. That's why the new ownership wasn't going to put up with it. He was gone the second they bought the team, and rightly so.  And I'm not sure what Grizz fans you were talking to (probably just Rudy lovers or trolls) but I know ZERO real Grizz fans that liked Rudy Gay. Why would anybody like Rudy Gay is the real question?
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::So you know nothing about playing basketball so you can't talk about what happens on the floor. You don't understand that MLSE can pay into the Tax if they want to. You don't understand how a guy that hit 24 game winning shots for you with less that 15 seconds left since 2008 is a loss. You don't understand that since the Raptors started 4-19 with Calderon and Bargs the 2 worst starters in the NBA running the offence they have the 6th best record in the East.   I remember when I was on the Memphis boards in the days up until the trade actually happened saying how Rudy was gonna be a Raptor and all I got was hate from Grizz fans.
danielc901::You know who I meant.  Who cares about money? You clearly don't know how the NBA works and your organization has somehow conflicted its fans into believing Rudy Gay is the answer to your problems.  It's sad, really. Let me know how that works out in years to come (if Rudy even stays in Toronto). Let me know how many playoff games you guys win!
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Ed David? I only know of an Ed Davis. A guy that on the Raptors is behind Amir Johnson/Rudy Gay on the depth chart. His minutes in Toronto have been severely limiting his potential to be a great player. In Memphis he can play anytime because you have no 4 that can set up 6 feet out on the baseline and is mobile enough to go to the basket or flip it out. Losing Ed Davis means nothing to the Raptors lineup. We turned Jose Failderon into Rudy Gay. That is a wicked trade as much as I hate on BC. And who cares about the money? MSLE has a ton of it unlike the Memphis owners.
danielc901::The Grizz didn't give you guys anything. You took one of the worst contracts in the NBA off our hands and one of the most overrated players in the NBA as well. That was your loss - big time.  Also, it was truly the Grizz who gained. Ed Davis. Remember him?
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::When? He is a big shot guy. In Memphis he had to shoot all game because they have no one else to drive into the post. He is an end of the shot clock/draw a double team/main guy that the Raptors have needed so bad. He can be 4-17 in a tie game late in the 4th and he STILL draws a double. That is the sign of a solid guy a winning team needs. Think about this. The Grizz call a TO with 6 seconds left in a playoff game down 1 and they have to draw up a shot for Tony Douglas. They gave us a gift in Rudy. Playing for the Raptors we have lots of scorers so he doesnt need to throw bricks all game
danielc901::I feel sorry for all Raptor fans that think Rudy Gay is the solution for your mediocracy. I really do.  Dude is a team cancer. He has been and always will be.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Over the last 6 games he has shot 46% so fail
danielc901::Ya'll have lost 5 out of your last 6 games.  Ultimate fail lol.
DR HORSE 3::i only go to one or two games a year so  if the raps suck i don't really care all that much. people who go to game after game . pay for season tickets and so on  its these people who the raps  players  are letting down . its one thing if your just not good enough but when   u mail it in that's pathetic. i feel bad for paying fans of the raps
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::You are still stuck in the Bargs-Calderon Era. That ended when Rudy came. Since Rudy came the team has been WAY better. Every single guy has raised their game period. It is the Raptors coaching staff that is letting the fans down now. The lineups over the past 9 games have been absolutely atrocious. The last 5 expecially has been EMBARASSING. The Raptors need a guy to manage the talent on the roster. Kyle Lowry splitting minutes with John Lucas while Telfair rides the bench is unacceptable. JV gets no minutes when he is hot, but gets left out on the floor when he is getting eaten alive is unacceptable. The Raptors starting 5 never on the floor together at the start of the 3rd and 4th is unacceptable. Sitting Double A and playing Landry Fields on the other teams #1 option is unacceptable. It is a coaching staff and lineup problem period.
Cjbbasketball::PLAYOFFS!!!!
Kobe5-Lebron0.5::lol
fried blowney::Dear Raptors fans:  Enclosed in this envelope is our season, indicative of how we've mailed it in.  Please accept our thanks for the money you have spent on us.  Yours in regards.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::At the game and last on the board.   I am the ultimate Raptor fan.   I am about to meet Double A. I wish the Raptor mob wasn't a bunch of fake fans that are so self loathing all they have is hate for the Raptors (other than Arvin and Money of course) or I would ask for some questions I could relay to him. But no one is on the board since the second half started so that isn't going to happen. GO RAPTORS
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Dwayne Casey must be paid by the NBA.  10 point lead to start the 3rd. Lucas is "running" the offence completely killing our momentum. Why isn't Lowry on the floor?  Tied entering the 4th. Aaron Grey, Landry Fields, John Lucas and Terrance Ross on the court together. What coaching staff would EVER put that lineup out?   Not trying to create a conspiracy but that is really suspicious.
speakuzzz123::betteratlifethanyou - Lol Hawks fans bragging about jeff teague. You realized he was being guarded by john lucas right?  http://espn.go.com/nba/recap?id=400277905 scored 19 on arguably the best pg in the league....
speakuzzz123::just saying he more than held his own against chris paul
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Who cares. The NBA is game by game. He beat up on a D-League player. He is talented but to think him running game on John Lucas makes him an amazing point guard is doing a disservice to him
Jason Bray::32-13... damnnn
BallyHendrix::I hope the heat lose tonight, i'm getting tired of hearing about that streak
lebronjames646::playoffs here we come!!!!!!!!!!!!
reggieinatl::Later all. GG for the Hawks.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::You spanked the Raptors bench up until that point it was an even game or you were down. Don't get your hopes up. Plus you got nothing for Smith
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Heck ya!! I am at the game and our coaching staff lost another one for us. For some reason our main guys sit and our bench/terrible players play and lose evey game for us.
GeorgiaPeach0294::Butt hurt Raptors fan?
GeorgiaPeach0294::Night
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Think the Raptors have Telfair on the bench while Lucas gets to play. If Casey has his job next year I am gonna go NUTSO.   Watch the screen I am about to go down to the Raptor bench and yell at Casey
me_destruit::Sebastian Telfair....the best street baller to come from NY and make it in the NBA, but became a journeyman bust once he got there. He shows flashes of shooting brilliance maybe 4 games a year.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Not sure if you even watch him. I am 24 and have follows him since his streetball tapes I got when he was 16. In the last 3 years he has really become an amazing defensive back up PG. he is super fast and has great hands. BUT he gets no court time for some reason. Our coaching staff reeks of NBA interference.
me_destruit::Telfair's defense isn't that good...and never has been. He came in the league to be a scorer.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Who cares about his shooting? He is a defensive, quick back up PG.
Joeb7853::Rudy will give you a good first half, then come out and lose it for you in the second half.
BallyHendrix::I think we should start john jenkins 1 game to she how he does
RiseToTheTop33::I have bet with a system called $portsbettingstar. Since I started I make roughly $3,000 a month in profit by following this systems picks. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.  Posting this for anyone out there that’s tired of not winning their bets.
reggieinatl::From the comfort of his mom's basement.
reggieinatl::LOL
lebronjames646::betteratlifethanyou has a really sad life
shotrunna::Toronto Raptors is a NEVER WAS
robbypark123::Raptors coach is horrible.
LetsGoAtlantaHawks::hawks need to lose out and im a hawks fan
speakuzzz123::i'd rather play brooklyn first round and heat 2nd round
Lemuel7043::We need to lose and get 6th or 7th place to avoid Miami
Lemuel7043::I'd rather face them in the East Finals. I don't want to lose early
me_destruit::If you're scared, go to church. Seriously, by all reasoning the East still flows through Miami, so the Hawks will have to play them eventually.
Valdosta Georgia TITLETOWN USA::why?
betteratlifethanyou::John Lucas is filling bargnani's spot
reggieinatl::Toronto's NFL team is better than this.  SMH
BallyHendrix::They have an NFL team?
betteratlifethanyou::Lol Hawks fans bragging about jeff teague. You realized he was being guarded by john lucas right?
BallyHendrix::Not to mention he destroyed brandon jennings this year
Joshua43786::I'm a Teague fan, but torching Brandon Jennings isn't a significant accomplishment. Jennings plays absolutely zero D
Lemuel7043::Doesn't matter who guards. You have to take advantage. It'd be stupid if he wont take adv
GeorgiaPeach0294::That's what I'm saying
lebronjames646::LOWRY IDIOT
GeorgiaPeach0294::I mean this is the NBA regardless of who's guarding you!
me_destruit::And Kyle Lowry, and bits and pieces by DeRozan. He lead all Hawks scorers in the first half.
GeorgiaPeach0294::What's your point?
the hawks is the word::he'd scored 27 on Kyrie and scored 28 on deron williams
quincyacysbeard::entirely predictable.  this franchise is pitiful, and needs to lose outright.
lebronjames646::HE IS SAYING THE TRUTH
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::You should stop pretending to be a Raptor fan it is annoying as heck
the hawks is the word::Does anybody knows what number korver's streak is at?
me_destruit::65
me_destruit::Reggie's best was 68 which is 4th best(I think). All time is like 87.
the hawks is the word::Reggie can push his way out of this new record lol
Joshua43786::27-9 in a quarter.... Really Toronto??
hanzerman181::i would boo the raptors if i was there
reggieinatl::Hold up.  The Raptors were up by 10 at the half and are down by 18 now!?!?!
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Have you seen our lineups?!?? We had Aaron Grey, John Lucas, Fields and Ross out there for 9 minutes and you erased a 6 point deficit and turned it into a 8 point lead.
Joshua43786::The brilliance of the Raptors
BallyHendrix::we're that good
reggieinatl::Being outscored 25-7 this quarter
me_destruit::Jeff Teague is one of the most underrated PG's in the NBA.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::He did nothing when matched up with Kyle Lowry.
me_destruit::...he and Josh Smith are the only reason Atlanta was remotely in the game in the first half. He lead all Atlanta scorers in points in the first half. How exactly did he do nothing against Lowry?
the hawks is the word::uh 22 and 12 fool
BallyHendrix::Looks like were in the playoffs !!
the hawks is the word::We should resign Jeff cause in the future he'll have faster speed than Lawson and his athleticism will match Roses', just need to work on his confidence
betteratlifethanyou::Hawks announcers are ignorant and delusional
BallyHendrix::Has kyle korver hit a 3 yet?
the hawks is the word::what is that 65 in a row?
BallyHendrix::I lost count
speakuzzz123::yeah 2
Joshua43786::He's hit 2 I think
GeorgiaPeach0294::Oh ok
GeorgiaPeach0294::Yes just 1
me_destruit::yes
LostAussie95::go home raptors, you are drunk.
GeorgiaPeach0294::Go Hawks!!!!
hanzerman181::hey peach
GeorgiaPeach0294::Hey there
Joshua43786::Falcons sign Osi Umenyiora to a 2 year, $8.5 million deal.
speakuzzz123::yeah i think its good but we still need another good corner and one more passrusher
Joshua43786::Sure. He's got more left in the tank than Abe. Still need a couple of defensive pieces in the draft
speakuzzz123::do you like the move?
GeorgiaPeach0294::Yes, but we need wayyyyyyyy more D than that
GeorgiaPeach0294::I just heard
Valdosta Georgia TITLETOWN USA::I usually feel bad for our team's dumb play and idiotic coach....but then you see teams like Toronto and feel better. Toronto is too talented to be 26-44.
m_gunners::Lowry the turnover machine!!! good grief!
Alex4ATL::it still blows my mind how Horford wasnt an allstar
lebronjames646::and that should do it
Joshua43786::How does Casey have a job coaching?? Only in Toronto
Joshua43786::So he's the Keith Smart of Toronto
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Exactly. He is paid by the NBA I think to keep the Raptors down. He never plays Kyle Lowry enough minutes, he never plays our top guys at the start of quarters.
Valdosta Georgia TITLETOWN USA::Horford CLEARLY the best Hawks player
