rm90025::Still too many 3s.  Crawford + Barnes had 21 or so shots.  Griffin only 12.  Should be reversed. CP3 has to figure that out if he wants to win a championship.
dantoni prefers centers shooting 3s and guards posting up::general grievis &gt; grievis vasquez
Moski87::Proud of my team tonight. Hornets competed till the very end. Eric Gordon and Anthony Davis are an all star combo in the making.  We just need time to grow. And maybe a faster point guard. Vasquez is good, but he doesn't have the quickness to keep up with some of the other PG's in the league.
Texans1095::check it out Dodgers and Angels fans!! http://austinsmithwnis.blogspot.com/2013/03/2013-mlb-predictions.html
gt1master_ike::good game clips.
capital P1::chris paul said grevis vasquez talk too much lol
Soonerhopeful1::I am willing to say right now...  Hornets will be a playoff team next year, if all healthy and keeping all these players... Takes time to be consistent and blend talent together...
gt1master_ike::Not sure about next year unless Davis turns into an all star. We still need more pieces at the guard spot especially since Gordon is guaranteed to miss 20 games a year.
quiglebp::New Orleans good for anything? Certainly not basketball...haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
airicad::I wish we could've shot 3's like this against dallas...
Soonerhopeful1::Usually it is the 3 ball by Gordon, which impresses people..He has  struggled more on his moving mid range shots, which he hit tonight.
Soonerhopeful1::If Hornets and Gordon, were knocking down their 3's... It could have been different.  And yes, Clippers shot terrible on 3's against Dallas.
airicad::this is one of gordon's most efficient shooting performances of the year so far... so i wouldn't say that
Votto4mvp005065::how the HELL did we lose to the hornets the other day
airicad::it happens...
Soonerhopeful1::Yes Sir,,, Hornets having  Lopez, Davis and now Gordon, are certainly not without talent.   As a Clippers fan I am still worried they might come back and win this game... Put fear in me you did..       When you Hornets want to trade Gordon, you let us Clippers know.
airicad::what a sequence by the hornets
Nick Kunis::"The pelicans" lol
ChrisTrew::Most culturally appropriate name in the NBA. Better than a pair of pants or a part of a ship.
Soonerhopeful1::Wow   what a score by Gordon through a double team...!  impressive.
Soonerhopeful1::Gordon would be a full upgrade to Billups.
airicad::I wish we could have both CP3 and him... sigh
airicad::i love how gordon can spot up and create his own... billups used to be able to but now he's lost a step
Jmac4539::the rotation will be set if the clips have Gordon in SG instead of billups
airicad::Hollins...career high 4 points
airicad::make that 6
nnnnuuuuugggggeeeettttssss::Hornets suck, now they decide to choke against the clippers smh
New York Knicks Basketball::Chris Paul is my uncle
Soonerhopeful1::Wow...As a Clippers fan, I look at Hornets; and I'm impressed with their abundance of talent...You better leave this team alone, and allow it to mature..  Hornets have as much young talent in the NBA as any team I have seen...  If they are allowed to mature and grow together, they could be special... They have shown they have talent beating Nugs, and playing other teams to the wire.
airicad::Finally the Clippers have a good 3-point shooting game..
airicad::Not surprised at all that EJ came to play today against his former team.  He's had a horrid season for the Hornets so far.
Soonerhopeful1::Gordon with  20 points, and he's not even hitting his 3 ball shot...!     If game comes down to one shot,  Gordon open for 3...  Clippers are in trouble..!     If you Hornet fans want to trade Gordon, I know Clippers would be interested.
The Nuggets Big 3 Heart_Teamwork_Speed::Lets go NOLA, I will forgive you for ending Denver's streak if you beat them.
Soonerhopeful1::If Gordon is in form  for this game...Clippers could be in trouble...!
Soonerhopeful1::Clippers are not playing bad,, But Hornets look really good...Eric Gordon, could with his shooting win this game for Hornets...
vanpelt4prez::110 comments $@%!$@% Seattle vs Eastern Washington in college gets more comments
jsl03::Chris Paul is averaging 2.4 complaints a minute.  Up from 1.3 when he was a Hornet.
b4-it-became-lob-city::where are my clipper fans @t,this board is sooo death
b4-it-became-lob-city::eric gordon can ball
b4-it-became-lob-city::hahaha lopez
Soonerhopeful1::Hornets should think long and hard before trading   Erick Gordon..  With Lopez and Davis, Gordon could easily be the piece which takes Hornets to an elite level..  Davis and Gordan are and can be two complimenting pieces that could work well...  I know Gordon is a head case at times, but his talent on court will make believers of the toughest Hornet fans..  But Gordon would and could be traded for quality players for sure.   But you are trading a Star in the making..
gt1master_ike::I don't know man. I am still waiting. He has shown flashes but hasn't really put together a great stretch  since he can not stay healthy.
RiseToTheTop33::Been following a betting system called $portsbettingstar for a few months. Ive made over $3,000 a month now for 3 straight months since i started following it. This system was on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems. Ive bet on sports for a long time, and tried many systems in the past and nothing is as accurate as this one.
_Neanderthal Hipster 3.0_::ahem    hi :)
b4-it-became-lob-city::all i know is that if the clippers want to get pass through any round in the playoffs,cp3 needs to  be agreesive from the get go ,not just the 4th quarter,and griffin as well,and if chauncy  is slowing us down, down the stretch then replace him  for w. green ,but ths team aint getting no where with vdn
SOM240::some teams are meant to have good records but never to win championships. blake griffin has to evolve or this team aint going nowhere. they depend on chris paul too much kinda reminds of lebron when he was a cav.
LA Clipp Joint::he screwed last nights game in the third w/o calling a time out or making adjustments when D made that run
Naminus_TomTom997524::Can you draft the best nba team under the cap:  http://tinyurl.com/nba-free-challenge2
LA Clipp Joint::y'all better stop f.uckin around and close out these next three games dammit
NolaJag::As much as I love seeing the hornets play well lately, I still would rather us lose to get the ping pong balls. the hornets could pick from anywhere from 3rd to 11th realistically depending on how these last few games go, and for the long term success of the team, we have a better chance at getting a good player with a higher pick in the draft.   If the heat come in on Friday with that streak, I will definitely pull for a win then though :P
gt1master_ike::You see, I don't want that because this draft has no players worthy of tanking to get a #1 pick for. The 2014 will have Andrew Wiggins and Jabari Parker. Those are franchise cornerstones you tank to get. But the Hornets might be a playoff team by next year.
NolaJag::I think they're one piece away. I think the top few picks in the draft have some decent rotation players. I agree it is a weak class, but there are some guys who could be 3rd or 4th best guys on a playoff team. We have Davis, and I'm unsure what the team should do with Gordon. Now we just need to use the cap to find pieces to add to this team.
kezmicdust::6 points in 7 seconds! Nice way to end the half!
Deaneer32::Great way to end the half.
FSoccer::Most threads have more posts than this hours before the game even starts
SOM240::if the heat cud have pulled off this win streak in the west i wud be more amazed
gt1master_ike::I hope the Clippers do damage in the playoffs. CP3 deserves it. PLease beat San Antonio and/or Memphis.
b4-it-became-lob-city::i hope the clipps get the 3rd seed and houston the 6th it would be fun
Soonerhopeful1::The West conference is terribly strong..!
gt1master_ike::Every one knows it man. The 5th West Seed would be 2nd in the East by 2 games. Its a joke.
b4-it-became-lob-city::yeah but nuggets are scary,memphis wants revenge,and goldenstate cant be stop when stephen curry ,jarret jack and david lee show up,and lakers wont make the 6th seed so i want a young inexperienced team like the rockets
Soonerhopeful1::Hornets at home, and playing some of their best ball of season; I am expecting a great effort by Hornets and the game being hard fought the whole game.. Making Hornet fans proud of their team...      Hornets with their talent and new Star A Davis, sure have a bright future.  I would like for Hornets fans to support team more, assuring an NBA team in New Orleans.  This young and talented Hornet team has a  bright  future for sure.
davidisamazing88::You still haven't addressed calling New Orleans a swamp!
gt1master_ike::Yep, we just need to get rid of Eric Gordon. He can be traded for more pieces.
b4-it-became-lob-city::lets get consisted chauncy plz
crimson_dynasty::Blake Griffin is way overrated.
Soonerhopeful1::No one  can ever find a coach who will say that...Only Homer fans..!  I wonder why..?         Those who say this, have a poor basketball IQ..!
b4-it-became-lob-city::i agree with u,but  why bother arguing with idiots
gt1master_ike::Man I love the energy . Lets go Hornets!
gt1master_ike::The arena
FSoccer::in here or in the arena?
djbooyah20::Vasquez alright?
FSoccer::He should be healthy but he's playing like trash right now
LakerYoDawg::I hope the clipps realize losing to inferior teams like this down the stretch is going to spell really bad news come playoff time. Bad precedent on a team you should easily beat by 10, even on the road.
Bballblake32::Cant wait for the day vinny del negro gets injured
RiseToTheTop33::Started using this bet system a few months back called $portsbettingstar. In my first month of using this system I made almost  $3,000 profit.  If you like to bet sports I recommend this system to anyone that is tired of not winning your sports bets. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google if you search the term Sports Betting Systems.
