AtlSmith1024::Jeff Teague for most improved player!  Respect.
d_bokk::Jennings' defense sure has a knack for making average PGs looks great
lebronjames646::umm teague is well above average. looks like you haven't watched a lot of basketball.....
d_bokk::Dalembert started this game? We deserved to lose
Martell Faye::Kobe
JakeTheSnake2447::why was monta in for 40 min?
Martell Faye::Kobe
Burrito Or Taco::still cries like a baby and rapes women.
Lequeen James is GAY and likes to CHOKE::lebrick the 4th quarter fa.g always going to be a bit.ch
Lequeen James is GAY and likes to CHOKE:::) :) :) :) lequeen is GAY :) :) :) :) :) :) :) lequeen is GAY :) :) :) :) :) :) :) lequeen is GAY :) :) :) :) :) :) :) lequeen is GAY :) :) :) :) :) :) :) lequeen is GAY :) :) :) :) :) :) :) lequeen is GAY :) :) :) :) :) :) :) lequeen is GAY :) :) :)
lebronjames646::Message to those guys saying Horford and Dalembert will be a good matchup:  Horford: 55% fg, 100% ft, 26 pts  15 REB 1 AST 2STL 1BLK  Dalembert: 14%fg, 0% ft, 2 PTS  7REB  2AST, 0STL and 0 BLK  yup you got that right. what a matchup.
lebronjames646::R.I.P all those trash-talking Bucks fans.
Can i get an amen::R.I.P Jason Terry
g18247::Soooo why did the Bucks decide not to trade Jennings or Ellis? 2012-13 Champs!!!.............
g18247::should have dumped ellis or Jennings for JJ and kept harris. Im not joking about this
Burrito Or Taco::jennings agreed..
Smoove Rocket::hawks fans, what are you going to do with jsmoove?
moosiphoosus::Josh will see that the deal he wants is not going to happen, the Hawks will sign him to a good deal for both parties and add talent around the Hawks.
AtlSmith1024::This is the most likely scenario unless some club out there is just in love with him and offers him some stupidly high amount of money.
DanHalen880::he needs a superstar vet to guide him.
Smoove Rocket::so what are you going to do?
patg55555::I'm a HUGE Hawks fan who's consistently ashamed by the lack of attendance. This team deserves better from the fan base. &lt; 12,000 in the seats?
AtlSmith1024::Weekday game against a non-marque team. People are tired getting off work and don't want to fight traffic to get downtown, etc.
austin120020::Brandon Jennings likes men.
ToTheTop220::Ive been following a system for betting lately called SportsBettingStar.  In just 2 months time, Ive averaged $3,000 a month in profits.  I found this system on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
hamrb4::does anyone know what happened to ellis today???
buckspackers23::He has a sprained wrist or something.
Robert Morris fan since today::Robert Morris &gt; Bucks
GeorgeTownDC29::10 rebounds in first 8 minutes then ends the game with 14...
chris johnson 558::lol jj redick was good and your coach gave him only 10 shots because of jennings and ellis
buckspackers23::The coach doesn't give the players shots, lol.
d_bokk::The coach gives Jennings way to many minutes, no reason for such a talentless cry baby to be given special treatment the way he does
buckspackers23::Out of timeouts, yes. The D was all over JJ on ever play.
chris johnson 558::coach design  plays for the hot player
gogtowngo::Keep Brando, could develop into superstar, trash ellis unless he comes back for player option
d_bokk::If Jennings is lucky, he will be as good as Ellis some day, no way he's ever any better
g18247::Brando is everything that is wrong with the bucks and basketball
Wisky Xtreme::Jennings is as good as he will ever be....   and thats not too good...
Wisky Xtreme::TBH i would much rather have Redick starting at the 2 and get rid of Jennings... then move Monta to the point ..
gogtowngo::Keep Brando, could develop into superstar, trash ellis unless he comes back for player option
buckspackers23::Wisky Extreme --- http://espn.go.com/nba/player/_/id/3997/brandon-jennings  20.2 on 45% shooting in wins (with 8 assists), 16.2 on 35% (with 6 assists) in losses.
Wisky Xtreme::LOL... only 45% shooting and that is a great night for Jennings
g18247::yes 45% is respectable for a PG on the season, not one of the best shooting games jennings has had this year.
buckspackers23::45% is very respectable for an undersized PG.
b.fochs::Lmfao at the fan who ran on the court of the Heat game and shook Lebron's hand, lol
KN_WisconsinFan::Lebron is so cool
b.fochs::http://t.co/zTtFJqkjKh
b.fochs::link to vid on deadspin
buckspackers23::What? lol
KswizzyD777::sanders needs to stay away from the jumpshots
Burrito Or Taco::when the guards shoot like they were.. I'd let Larry do whatever he wants.. play point even for all i care..
KN_WisconsinFan::Woah.  I'm going to the game on Sunday
buckspackers23::Damn, I'm just a typo machine tonight.
KN_WisconsinFan::This loss was on the poor play of Monta Ellis.
gogtowngo::Keep Brando, could develop into superstar, trash ellis unless he comes back for player option
g18247::Jennings is just a horrible player, why on earth do you want a shoot first point PG who is shooting 40% and seems to only grasp team play when he is trying to prove to other teams that he can be a team player.
KN_WisconsinFan::Ellis is 10x more consistent
b.fochs::You can tell Jennings doesn't want to be in Milwaukee, I know he'll start balling when he goes to a bigger city
buckspackers23::Boylan didn't have the balls to take him out.
Wisky Xtreme::When Jennings scores 18pts or more the Bucks usually lose because he is only looking for his shot and not passing
g18247::I dont care how many points he scores, I want him to shoot above 40%
buckspackers23::Actually, in Bucks' wins, he scores a lot more, and shoots a higher percentage.
Wisky Xtreme::ill try to find the link but it is broken down by wins and losses in regards to how Jennings performs...  its amazing that the Bucks lose more than they win when Jennings is shooting good...  its because he freezes out his teammates by not passing
b.fochs::Jennings is fool's gold, he had us fooled with that 55 pt game his rookie year, but he's given us more than enough crappy play since he's been on the Bucks to realize he's not right for our team
b.fochs::If only he played defense like westbrook, then I could understand a scoring first PG, but he's not worth the trouble in my opinion
Wisky Xtreme::Jennings is a poor mans Stephon Marbury...
kevinholdren::Teague is a beast!!!
KswizzyD777::jennings trys to hard, when he see's he has a lot of assist, he'll stop playing how he played and hold on to the ball until he gets more assist.  when his shot is on, he'll take whatever shot there is.  he needs to learn to play in the flow of the offense rather than look at numbers
Wisky Xtreme::9 times out of 10 jennings will shoot the jumper even if his team mate is wide open on a pick n roll
buckspackers23::Jennings is a close 2nd http://espn.go.com/nba/statistics/player/_/stat/assists/sort/avgAssists/qualified/false/split/141
J-Tjuan::Disappointed in this L.  Atlanta tried to donate the game and the Bucks lost.  The Bucks donated the game in Milwaukee and they took it.  Come on Bucks.
CrewDeBrew22::Why do you always show up at the end of games?
J-Tjuan::I normally do but I live in Alabama so the game was blacked out, I used the computer to watch instead of typing today.  Why does it matter?
CrewDeBrew22::well you don't post during the game
J-Tjuan::Check again, I been here the before game even started.
buckspackers23::Honestly, if i ran a pick and roll with Jennings guarding me, I can probably get an open look 9/10. Sad, but true.
KN_WisconsinFan::no you couldn't
KN_WisconsinFan::you should be in the nba then
buckspackers23::I'm fast and can shoot yo.
JKL11293::terrible game by monta
buzgt2007::Milwaukee can't even beat ATL when they were trying to give the game away.
CrewDeBrew22::well f.uck you.  We had a rough game yesterday
Chad6893::NBA so rigged.
reggieinatl::GG Bucks.  Later all.
Burrito Or Taco::HAHAHAHA! Udoh!!!!
buckspackers23::What was the point of that Epke?!?
Burrito Or Taco::he wasd trying to make himself look worse than he already is... that's the only logical reason.
Br3tt11::I like my $w@G  twins
CrewDeBrew22::sh.it.  83-79 heat
KN_WisconsinFan::That's Lebron "No Fourth Quarter" James
bigdaddymatty17::Wow Atlanta Hawks you almost gave this game up.
reggieinatl::Like my Aggies last night.
420Legendz::#8 seed Bucks fans. No more, no less
KN_WisconsinFan::I ain't giving up yet
CrewDeBrew22::doesn't matter.  we will either get out, or have to face the Heat sometime
Wisky Xtreme::Jennings = volume shooter that makes only 40% of shots and doesnt pass.....
buckspackers23::Isn't he leading the league in assists since the all star break?
b.fochs::He has to play good for more than just a stretch of a season to be worth the headache he gives us with his shooting
Wisky Xtreme::whitykj - he was, but probley got bored  according to Jennings it sucks winning and not scoring points for yourself
Wisky Xtreme::LInk?     I highly doubt that
whitykj::he was, but probley got bored
b.fochs::same with Monta essentially, that's why we will never prosper until we get rid of 1 hopefully Jennings
CrewDeBrew22::Is the game over?
reggieinatl::8 point game. 16 seconds left.
buckspackers23::The pump fake is your friend, Jennings.
reggieinatl::LOL!!!!  "Pimp" fake!?!?!
CrewDeBrew22::Yeah, I wasn't sure if that was intentional or not
buckspackers23::Hahaha, I know, bad typo.
reggieinatl::Nice edit.
Wisky Xtreme::LOL...  Jennings took the bucks last 20 shots......     get rid of Jennings
