James::It is painful to watch this Laker team play D'Antoni ball. It's like watching the Knicks when he was in NY. And Mike had the nevre to say this team was turning around before Kobe's return. I don't blame D'Antoni for taking the job after bombing in NY. It is Jim Buss. It is the good Dr. Jerry's spoiled sports #$%$ son. We over the years appreciated so dearly watching Jerry listening and thinking with Jerry West and Mitch and his key players and making sound deisions for the good of a franchise that he marketed and made this franchise a desire and want by everyone all over the world. Do you think he has a hatred for the old man for not being able to live up to his father's footsteps. Get over it you spoiled brat and be glad that you are set for life you idiot! Turn the decision making over to Phil and your sister and let them enhance this valued franchise back to it's glory days. Maybe Stern was right in not letting you have CP3 and Kobe together. This team can be a contender if they quit playing  3 Ball. Kobe has got to be in this for the money. I think the Lakers will make a trade this year and be right back in this but it can not work with that 3 Ball concept that D'Antoni is pushing. If you are so threaten by Phil Jackson then turn it over to Rambis. I am sure his ego will allow Phil and Kobe to consult him moving forward. Oh, I forgot we still have Jim Buss in the way.
Blah::Maybe I'm saying this because the Blazers success has put me in a great mood but...after years of cheering against Kobe(except at the olympics), I'm realizing right now how much I actually miss watching him play at the level he was.  I'm a Blazer fan, and as a Blazer fan you would think I would be loving this.  But the fact is that I'm not.  After watching LA against Toronto, and now against OKC, I am shocked at how I feel about this, but it's true...I miss Kobe being Kobe on the basketball court.
Cyril::I really like that the Thunder are getting a lot of their young guys involved in games early in the season.  With Sefolosha out, they could have just moved Reggie Jackson into the starting lineup and played Westbrook at off-guard, but instead they called up Andre Roberson and fed Jeremy Lamb a few extra minutes.  Perry Jones has been getting into a few games as well, and he's developing into a productive bench player.  All this game experience can really pay off late in the season and even in the playoffs.
WTF::Looking at the stats, I see where Henry goes to the FT line an awful lot and although he misses quite a few FTs, he shows promise in that he can create for himself and go to the hoop. Kobe will be fine, unless coach D runs him into the ground. As for Gasol, the day of the finesse big has been put on hold in the NBA. Maybe he should consider playing in Euope, where they only play one game a week.
R  R::Aside from the injuries, Lakers have struggle since the season opened, they show no direction, but yet a they show talent in their roster, that right to me means, their coaching sucks! he is clueless of how to use the talent he has. Lakers should remove the cancer D'antoni is  for this squad, once again he is not a good fit for the roster he has, pretty much all their wins came from teams wanted them less then the Lakers. Good team are going to beat the Lakers just like the Thunder did or worse.
PeterK::They gave him 48.5 mill. for two years ? They must have their brains where the sun don't shine ! Reason is people will come to see him anyway and pay top dollar to see this has been perform with a less than 10 pt. average per game, huh ?? I bet he's laughing all the way to the bank....Laker fans and owners are a JOKE !!
Mr::Let's hope the next game between the Trail Blazers and Thunder - the West's best 2 teams gets this much coverage.
me::I missed it when the Lakers used to focus on dominating the paint and defending it, not just living by the 3's...that they keep missing.
Logic::And Bozo LA fans will continue to vote for Bryant for the All-Star team. Sad.
kahlua::games like this must make Kobe real happy that he signed a fat contract to stay stuck in this situation for the next two seasons... this is where Jordan and Pippen were smart... once their dynasty ended they moved on and tried new things...
