Sanbagwhich::merky derk!
t casey::Good game last night. Pistons obviously didn't have enoug firepower/execution down the stretch and the game wasn't pretty, but our guys made the Clips have to work for the win which is probably all they're reasonably capable of atm.  My only gripes from the game were Brandon's shot selection. He's been shooting way too many 3's lately when he could driving and gettin easier looks. The team running him off the ball so much isn't helping either as all we do is camp him out at the 3 point line. Lastly, until Monroe proves that he can take care of the ball and not get the ball either stolen, blocked, or outright ripped from him he shouldn't be dominating the ball so much. Brandon may not have the best court vision, but at least he doesn't let his defenders manhandle every night and his mentality just seems more suited for being the primary playmaker.
David722249::Not hearing much from Laker fan these days about how their team is better than the Clips.LOL. Bobcats tonight so Lakers have a shot a victory.
aeggroll::Pistons will be back
lazoodo::...way, way back.
Philip3664::Lets hope its within the next 2 years
BarrelRider04::Wow, I' m blown away at how well the Clips are playing. Being a lifelong fan, I hate to say it but I'm waiting for the moment that everything turns for the worse such as a horrible injury or really stupid trade. What are the chances this Clipper team that is so hot right now is the one we will see in the playoffs. Unfortunately, history reveals very slim chances but I'm hoping "this will finally be the year".....(we at least make it to the WCF)...
Danadude69::Clippers are for real, and so far the Thunder are the only team out there that can challenge us in the West. Go Clippers!!!!!
BarrelRider04::It's still early dude. Clip fan here but let's be realistic. I know it's hard not to very confident right now the way we are playing but don't leave out San Antonio or Memphis. Remember, we BARELY beat Memphis last year and SA whooped our butz. We are much better but don't ignore those teams.
zeppyled::Clips &gt; Lakers
sly86921::no the only logical conclusion is that the clippers beat the lakers and the lakers are under .500 while the clippers are 12 games over. thats the logical conclusion
paschmidt499::You honestly don't want to talk about past Laker success versus past Clipper success, do you?
dannycraq::when was the last time the Lakers won 10 in a row smart guy?
paschmidt499::After taking down the Pistons, I think this is the only logical conclusion.
Neil826::wins over detroit shouldn't count, but it's still an impressive streak.
Philip3664::So im guessing wins over other teams with a similar record as the Pistons shouldnt count either?
dannycraq::Lakers fans have nothing to troll about
rm90025::10 wins in a row is unheard of for this franchise. LA folks should give the Clippers more attention.  They are better than the Lakers right now and are headed for a 55 win season.  They've also historically performed well against OKC and Memphis, so they have a reasonable chance of making the NBA finals.
manimarf09::not sold on clips. i guess i mean as getting past second round.
eric-bledsoe-666::cp3  to  blake  is  an exciting  duo like  nash to  stoudermire,kobe to shaq,dwill to boozer
BKUCLABruins05::Clips are on a roll
favofJC1967::Been using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar the past few months. I doubled my initial balance and made almost $3,000 my 2nd month just using this systems tips. You can find the system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems. If you bet at all on sports this is a must see.
speakmemory::Teams are getting better and better:  The Grizzlies, Clippers, Thunder, the Warriors- Western Conference will have a great playoffs this year, hope my Lakers can join the party!
Danadude69::The Lakers have a 10 game winning streak in them, and they will get better. The West will be a wild ride this year!!
rogerzcard::they will as soon as nash and gasol get back
mrrbi4u::Watched the Lakers play yesterday, and they put me to sleep. I couldn't go sleep watching the Clippers play even if someone hit me over the head with a hammer. Man, what a difference!
rogerzcard::true, they are improvng as we speak
mrrbi4u::Being an avid baseball fan, it took me a while to get into following the NBA. But during the last couple of years, the Clippers have made me a fan. It's hard to believe a bunch of guys can have that amount of speed and talent. They have made basketball really exciting.
rogerzcard::what's your favorite team?
speakmemory::No shame admitting the Clippers are the better team- It's obvious- True basketball fans can appreciate and respect good basketball-
speakmemory::Although you needed former Lakers Butler, Odom, and Barnes to help you!
Danadude69::The Lakers have always needed other teams best players to win: Kareem, Shaq, Howard now. They were idiots to get rid of Barns and Odom and Butler, we are happy to have them
Ustna9::What a dumb post.... Odom and Barnes were Clippers before they were ever Lakers.
rogerzcard::good post makes sense
speakmemory::Odom did well for us, Butler was a lot younger, Barnes just a better fit for the Clippers- I like to see teams gel and get better, even if it's a rival like the Clippers and the Thunder
rogerzcard::its a shame, the lakers didn't utilitze them to their full potential
speakmemory::Lakers fan here- the Clippers are the best in the city right now, hopefully my Lakers will get better and make for an exciting playoffs in LA!
Kingkanyon12::Damn 10 in a row, never thought I'd see the day.
allidapd::When can the Piston's get a new coach. Frank is terrible. I hope we lose out and win the lottery.
TheJTram::im not a favorite of tanking but we need to get rid of Frank fast
mason8181::how sad... Clippers are one of the hottest team in the NBA and Lakers get this many comments the day before their game start.
jloutletdeals99::Good for the Clippers! Glad to see them winning.
eric-bledsoe-666::thank you  jimmy  buzz,for  letting   go  to   a  great contending  team,del negro  has let me  flourish and gives  me  minutes,not  like youre laker organization. -matt  barnes
tom55011::man the pistons are horrible and no hope for the future. These players just flat out suck!
Oscar Robertson::Jeremy Lin was saving his best to play teams like the Lakers, Spurs, and the Knicks.  For instance, he has scored 38 points against the Lakers, 38 points against the Spurs, and he has scored 22 points along, 4 rebounds, 2 steals and 8 assists against the New York Knicks tonight.  Jeremy Lin was averaging 26 points per game during his Linsanity era with New York Knicks.  It appears that Linsanity is still alive in this the world. Jeremy Lin has earned my vote for the All-Star.   This win tonight has assured Lin to become the starter in the All-Star game  Jeremy Lin owns the New York Knicks this season because he is 2-0 against them.
sly86921::and that is whats wrong with the NBA all star voting. Lin as one good game. Dont get me wrong, hes a good player, but because of one good game against his former team he will be voted in as a starter. Where as, CP3 continues to make his team better while putting up the numbers himself and its not heard of. I know CP3 is leading the voting right now but it will be ridiculous if lin starts at point over CP3
rm90025::I'm a big Lin fan.  I stopped being a Knicks fan after they got rid of him.  But I think he would be the first to say that he shouldn't make the all star team.  He has improved in a number of areas over last year, but he needs to be able to find ways to be a factor when Harden is on the floor.  His performance against the Knicks was very encouraging from that standpoint.
PhillyPhanInSoCal::Yawn.
runukraine::Ugly game... but if this is regression to the mean for the Clippers, I'll take the win.
Kobelies247::Good teams just keeeep winning!
gerald_5::771 comments well after the game... nice fans detroit
torrtis::Game was definitely boring.
gerald_5::also... jets are a fuucking joke, so is mark sanchez
wayman007777::Im using this betting system called sportsbettingstar. Im making between 2-3K a month using this system. If you search google for sports betting systems you can find the system on the first page of google. If you are a bettor you have to check this system.
eric-bledsoe-666::as long as  as jimmy buss runs LA  lakers expect clippers  to  dominate  LA
gerald_5::clips are running LA
Soonerhopeful1::Lebron James or Durant joining the Clippers....  That would be unfair.
Soonerhopeful1::Lakers fans really do care about Clippers winning;... you don't see Lakers on Spurs game boards, or Thunder Game boards...Only on the Clippers game boards when Clippers win, do you see the massive Lakers trolls come out.. Please not the Clippers winning, say Lakers fans.. Phobia against Clippers winning.
BRAY5150::Unfortunately laker fans are everywhere
Kobe_Brick_Academy::clippers &gt; 25 teams&gt; orlando &gt; cavaliers &gt; fakers
thejunkinmytrunk::We actually lost to the cavs too. They love being a trap team.
sunny6jay::lebron james to clippers 2014
DeAndre_3000::Im with it..
James04311::how was the officiating in this game saw a couple of fouls that the refs didnt call
IAmKDubs::A-
James04311::1-10 1 being the lowest 10 the highest
Soonerhopeful1::If  Dwight  Howard and  Kobe sign with Clippers in future for Vet minimum...Lakers doom will be complete.
runukraine::Definitely don't want DH. He's selfish and can't handle the spotlight of a major media market.
tunjibadejo::so kobe can bring selfishness nd frustrate vinny
Soonerhopeful1::be good bench warmers...!   And Spell the Doom of Lakers.
airic.ad::I don't want either of them.
Soonerhopeful1::Clippers need to thank the Lakers......  !   For releasing Matt Barnes for Clippers to get at the Vet minimum..!  Thanks Lakers..
probinson1us::Lakers fans:  Your jerseys will not win you any games in the future and neither will that doodoo @ss roster you guys have over there.  The Clips and Lakers are headed in different directions and the roles will be reversed, for at least the foreseeable future.
Soonerhopeful1::But they will always have their  " Bling"    pawned in future.
Soonerhopeful1::It's True, that some Lakers fans Know the Truth; and know that Clippers are playing better right now.. Some even Like the Clippers, but most won't admit it.
BRAY5150::Kobe has the most bricks in NBA history by anybody with 30k points... Why does this not surprise me
wayman007777::Using a bet system called Sportsbettingstar. Im making between 2-3K a month profits using this system so far.  If you search google for sports betting systems you will find the system. I have tried a few betting systems in the past and nothing compares to this one.
sy0120::Cubs have won two world series, how many titles have clips won?  -Lakers FAns
mrrbi4u::I don't think the Lakers have won a World Series either.
runukraine::I don't think the Clippers have won any World Series
Soonerhopeful1::How do Clippers fans know Lakers know Clippers are the best...?   They only want to talk about Rings.
eric-bledsoe-666::lakers blow -matt barnes
Soonerhopeful1::Lakers fans just don't get it.....When Clippers play better then Lakers and win...Lakers then  claiming we have rings and titles...Makes Clippers fans giddy, because it shows that Lakers fans know who is best.
sy0120::When the Clips are finally performing on an 'Elite' level, Lakers fans are quick to troll yet their team is sub-500 and has made 'statement' wins against Washington and Philadelphia. Lakers fan's need to know when to shut up and know their time is up. Dwight, Kobe, Nash, and Pau will all leave/retire within a few years and  +they will have not tradeable assets. Give LAC their due respect or GTFO. Either way, GS&gt;LAC + LAL
tunjibadejo::kobe is dwayne wade with longevity. of course hes more selfish and hits more bricks but when it all comes down to it, hes not that special. hes no lebron, mj or even dare i say kd. hes obviously not the greatest laker ever(kareem, magic, shaq etc). hes just a really good player. ai was better than him too. steve nash too. whenever kobe has had a poor team without phil jackson keeping him calm, he shows his arrogance with bricks. lebron can be the top seed with a bad team, so could mj. kobe isnt good enough to do that
