slpcharlieb::TWOLVES INTRO! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHYp1xRq9jM
Howdy220::Rubio should start soon, it's just a matter of time.
MNwildBB::All you Rubio haters are just plain silly....He is Jason Kidd 2.0...The kid has ridiculous vision on the court! If you didn't see the game, you can't comment because you didn't see the impact he had on the game.
BHalbach10::Wow. I could've predicted this. If you look at last year's games, I think the Wolves lost something like 20-25 games by 5 or less points when they scored 100+.  Really hoping this season isn't a repeat of that trend.
LovinLavin::If only the Wolves didn't use the pick after Rubio for JONNY FLYNN.
megadrewton5000::kid rock
jconstant111::BEASLEY IS TRASH. TAKES WAYYYYY TO MANY SHOTS AND MISSES OVER HALF
Road dog Red::OKC...barley beat the wolves...boring
Qball4ou::last i checked, a win is a win and a loss is a loss
donkeyman05::Barley?  You making some beer? BTW your Celtics are 0-1.
PoetryInMyFingertips::rubio CAN'T play...the nba game is way too fast for him
donkeyman05::You gotta give him a little credit.  He played well last night against a very good Thunder team.  His defense needs some work, but it will improve.  He'll be a top 15 pg in the league.
JamalMAllen::I would say he has even greater upside than top 15. Very solid debut, made some passes that made him seem like a seasoned NBA vet. Has a great natural feel for the point guard position. Even hit a clean mid-range jumper. His defense is horrific, though. I also don't know if he'll ever be a great scorer.
quietfan123_3::wolves are looking good. them, memphis, and the bucks are all a couple pieces away from knocking off one of big boys. sixers have a nice core too.
JamalMAllen::I agree 100% with everything you just said except I'm not sure if I would include the Bucks. Zero offense. I like Jennings but I don't think he's a number one scoring option on a good team.
JTtwentywho::Wolves are young, but it's a fun group out there. I won't go as far as this writer to say basketball is back in Minnesota, but last night was fun! http://www.tchuddle.com/2011/12/basketball-is-back-for-state-desperate-for-it/
ucfyank::nice opener for Rubio, will at least be fun to watch
JamalMAllen::He'll draw fans this season and maybe the Wolves could be like last season's Clips. Albeit without a player as dominant as Griffin.
PortlandBlazers1004::After watching this, I have a feeling the Wolves might make the playoffs.
JamalMAllen::Possibly challenge for that 8th seed. Which would be an incredible leap from last season.
NovaNationBaby::i love beasley , but it really is frustrating seeing him take all these shots. he needs to let the shots come to him
jconstant111::Thank you for being one of the few people that have a brain and realizing this.  I want beasley traded.
quietfan123_3::keep him off the weed and he'll be money.
MNwildBB::Thank you! I was yelling this at the TV all game!
mdtuzo::exactly... cant let this guy throw up 27 shots
OFrog::Trade Beasley, now. I don't think the T Wolves need a guy who thinks he is Kobe, taking 27 shots amd missing 16. Get a decent sg for him and let Williams have some of those minutes and shots.
Prestige777::Exactly, they would of won, if Williams shot more.
Durant AKA F-35::I am not a human being
PartyLikeACaveman::adleman is so good, i think the wolves will win this year, rick has never had a bad season
franklyidgaf::RUBIO CAN PASS REALLY GOOD
okifeelthat::I seriously don't understand the hate surrounding Rubio.  What has he done to warrant it? Let the kid play and let his play speak for itself. It's obvious he has talent.
Chargers_4_Sale::Only if he can pass the ball into the hoop.
lspat1980::As a Huge 'Thunder' Fan, I have to say, I think the Future is bright for Minnesota. Rubio should start from now on. Good Luck the rest of the way, T-Wolves. (except when you play OKC,lol).
Sonic_Sooner::Indeed.  It's great to see upcoming teams like the T-Wolves, passing up the old guard Fakers and Mavs.  I can't WAIT to see Blond Ricky blowing by Fisher, Coby and Kidd.
lspat1980::The Thunder have the potential to make some noise this year, but I underestimate no team.
Vikadontis Rex::Good luck to you too.  It'd be very nice to see the Thunder come out of the West instead of the Lakers or Spurs of years past...
eototal::Wolves will finish 35-31
Jmonyok4::Wow i think winning 27 games would be successful !
donkeyman05::27-39 10th in the west.
Vikadontis Rex::donkeyman05 sounds a little more on track.  Check out our schedule, so many tough games.  30-36 9th seed
donkeyman05::Wolves fans are setting themselves up for disappointment.
Vikadontis Rex::No time to dwell on the past, time to move to the Wolves-Bucks preview link!  http://scores.espn.go.com/nba/conversation?gameId=311227015
Chargers_4_Sale::For people who don't like Westbrook for his smiling/laughing etc during the game.  1.) Westbrook played against the flopper Barea before and he's laughing at Barea getting those post-season calls. 2.) Westbrook always been a physical player and they need to keep those soft players like Barea off of him. 3.) Minnesota's players rather take charges than go for the block, which makes them likely to take contact.
metropolisFLC::Westbrook looks like Ducky from Land Before Time
Chargers_4_Sale::People keep saying even Thunder fans, we are better without Westbrook. That's the most stupid thing I ever heard. Westbrook is fearless and a lot of point guards don't have that mentality. Durant is still getting his points, last post season I seen Durant just standing there not trying to break off his defenders. So I have no problem with Westbrook putting up shots. Collison needs to be apply more offense, I see sparks from him time after time where he can score atleast 10 a game.
sega222222::Good points but I think if Serge can consistently hit that open jumper like he did last night and D Cook isn't pulled the second he misses 1 shot as Brooks finally let him play thru it that everybody knows their roles and no reason for Nick to force anything they truly have enough weapons. Durant, Westbrook, Harden are all beast and love all their aggressiveness.  I do notice at times when offense gets stagnant and Durant not able or working to get free Westbrook does force it sometimes. Honestly I got no problem with that as long as he doesn't get D-Roseitis-forcing shots when capable guys are open
paul2285::It's just that he looks stupid when he smiles.....dude is goofy looking for sure
Chargers_4_Sale::Yeah why don't players not smile playing a game.
Vikadontis Rex::I would absolutely take Westbrook on the Wolves.  He is a great player, just saying he is cocky.  Like Garnett in a way.
Qzhoopin72::I'll take a guy like Westbrook on my team any day, even with his flaws!!  As far as that guy has come in just 3 or 4 years of playing the PG position, says a lot....and Scott Brooks, a former PG, is smart enough to see the big picture!!
Vikadontis Rex::mcrow24 I'm calling it now:   All those haters that have been calling David Kahn the worst GM in the league will be praising his moves by the end of the season. Granted, he's made a few mistakes but l think he's done a good job of getting rid of crap contracts and stocking the roster with young talent. --------------------------------------------  http://twolvesblog.com/201112153328/minnesota-timberwolves/articles/typical-kahn-why-the-subtle-hayward-trade-was-a-flop.html
Psahni::He was the worst GM in the league though, now he's redeemed himself.
LovinLavin::Did anyone else lose some respect for Westbrook? He's blatantly cocky and still makes some poor decisions for a point guard.
BHalbach10::Wow listen to the Laker fan complain about Gasol. Without him, those last 2 championships don't happen. Stop parroting others, and use your brain. Most teams have not won 2 championships, so hearing complaints about Gasol's "softness" just drive me crazy.
donkeyman05::If he played for the T-Wolves you would love him.  It's just jealousy because they see so much potential in him and convert those feelings of jealousy to anger.
Qzhoopin72::Rex...Durant makes Westbrook's job easier, AND vice-versa!! It's a crazy mix, but Durant needs a maniac PG like that alongside him, cause when teams try to double Durant, it's good that he has a guy with no fear out there willing to attack as well. It ain't perfect, but it works!!
Qzhoopin72::"WITHOUT"
Qzhoopin72::You guys listen to Skip Bayless too much!! He hates Westbrook....but I guarantee, OKC is a much better team WITH Westbrook than they would be WOTHOUT him. And last time I checked, Durant led the league in scoring the past 2 seasons....so he gets his!!
Vikadontis Rex::I dont question Westbrooks role on the team, he is just a dick out there staring down players and laughing arrogantly.  He thinks he is such a great player, when in reality he wouldnt be a top PG without Durant
Qzhoopin72::I think Westbrook knows where he fits in, but I'd rather have a player with an edge like that than to have a passive guy out there. As a Laker fan, I wish Pau Gasol played with that type of attitude instead of being Mr. Softy!!
LovinLavin::I'm not sure if he still thinks he's Batman and refuses to realize he's Robin. This is KD's team.
Vikadontis Rex::I always like Westbrook as a player.  But he is an $@%!$@% on the court.
Qzhoopin72::Everything always evens itself out. I don't expect any of these guys to be cub scouts or choir boys.
LovinLavin::Throwing elbows and smiling/laughing because he's getting away with it is a bit crossing the line imo.
Qzhoopin72::Westbrook has an ego just like EVERY player in the NBA. Some guys disguise it better than others. He's only been playing point guard since his soph season at UCLA, so I'd say he's come a long way in a short time at the toughest position on the court.
Qzhoopin72::Luke Ridnour was a two-sport star last night!! He did a nice hook slide after that crossover move by Russell Westbrook!!  My only question: Was he out or safe??
LovinLavin::Who will develop a jumpshot first? Rajon Rondo or Ricky Rubio?
ecd3easy::Rondo for $200 Alex.
Vikadontis Rex::Rubio was 2-2 last night.
Huger99::NBA is  just a joke of a sport to watch. nothing about it matters until the last 2 minutes only if it's a close game. In sports like hockey goals can be amazing shots/saves, baseball plays in the field/ home runs...great battes between pitcher v. hitter, Football great catches and drives/hits. Nba what you get is Dunks 99% of the league could do and open jumpers that dont matter until &lt;5 minutes...theres nothing exciting about it
PoetryInMyFingertips::yeah, half the hockey highlights are of guys brawling instead of actual game action...go back to your nhl board along with its 14 members
donkeyman05::Yeah, baseball is great.  Half the league is on steroids.  Good example.
LovinLavin::Rubio just needs to bulk up a bit and get stronger, he's got the speed and quickness to defend. Pure point guard, I'm pretty sure the rest of the T-Wolves will be looking out for passes they didn't even know were possible. But man, JJ Barea can play...thought he just had a peak year last year.
Ray7182770::Durant= Best active player
donkeyman05::He's still a d.ou che.
mcrow24::No doubt about that, IMO. Kobe isn't what he was anymore.
Rich2277::Rubio will end up being garbage. They wasted a high draft pick on him YEARS ago and he will be a soft European player.
GreasyLlama::It's not looking like a waste anymore is it, it's not like Ricky is old... dude is 21 years old.  Ricky's and Wolves future looks bright
mcrow24::Would you call a guy that averages 10ppg, 8-10 assists, and 5-6 rebounds per game in his rookie season "garbage"?
argue4pay::he wont
moflo02::espn is lying to me, it said that for the wolves 2 were tied with 6 assists. but rubio was the only one lol.
mcrow24::I'm calling it now:  All those haters that have been calling David Kahn the worst GM in the league will be praising his moves by the end of the season. Granted, he's made a few mistakes but l think he's done a good job of getting rid of crap contracts and stocking the roster with young talent.
mn_tanz::They won't be praising his moves by the end of the season.  The wolves aren't going to be a playoff team, so people won't really take that much notice of Kahn.  And people will still refer back to the 3 PG draft and say that the team could have been much better anyway.
Vikadontis Rex::Imagine Rubio with Curry right now instead of Flynn... and mcrow24: when you have top draft picks every year for 5+ years, at some point somebody has to pan out.  Kahn was sitting 3 rows in front of me last night, I really wish I had a "KKAAAAAHHHHHHNNNN!!!" poster to get on ESPN...
bstoff350::Rubio looked good, Wolves looked really good, you can tell they are a different team than last year when they would completely lay down in the 4th while Flynn was dishing out turnovers.  I want to see more of Rubio, D-Will and Love together and less of Beasely taking 27 shots a game when 20 of them are bad shots.  Spead the ball Mike!
Chargers_4_Sale::http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=ObfToTiQa-Q  Ridnour went this way &lt;----- and Westbrook went that way --------&gt;.  Loading ankle breakers, 100% complete.
mcrow24::Ridnour tripped over another players foot, but it was still a pretty sick move by Westbrook.
Vikeslegit::Rubio nation!!!! He's the best. Needs to work on his D though. Made Westbrook actually look good for once.
donkeyman05::Yeah, he's the best....
mcrow24::Westbrook will make a lot of people look bad. Rubio may never be a great defensive player but I think he can become a decent defensive player.
mh1404::Durant is the most complete player in the Nba... perkins is a bust..
Vikadontis Rex::Perkins looked pretty good last night. I hate him, but he was good.  Sinking both free throws at the end was a big move by him too.
mcrow24::The Wolves are -18 with West and Ridnour in, +10 with Rubio and JJ.  They're -26 with the 5 starters that were in at the tip,  -6 running Rubio, JJ, DW, KL and MB.  It's only one game, but if being 20 better in the +/- becomes the norm, then the small lineup is the way to go. Problem is that JJ/Rubio can get exposed by a decent SG on the defensive side.
claytonham11::KD MVP
donkeyman05::I wish the guy that said the wolves would dominate the Thunder was on here.  Crack head Minnesotan.
durhamlove37::Was Chris Kardashian playing?
argue4pay::lou williams  &gt; ricky rubio
mcrow24::I don't think people have been makeing Rubio out to be a great NBA player, but as being a player with great potential. I don't think anyone really thought Rubio was so good he could walk in to the NBA and on day 1 be a top 5 PG. He has potential to be that though. He's going to need to be a better shooter and better on defense to be top 5, but he is easily one of the best passers in the league already and has very good ball handling skills, and great insticts and awareness on the court. He needs to improve on being able to do more off the dribble, but so far I think he is what was advertised at top shelf passer who needs to work on 3 pt shootting and defense.
mcrow24::Maybe but it doesn't mean you can get off with stupid comments like your last 4 posts. You're comparing a guy with 5 years experience to a rookie. Not to mention Williams has been very average (at best). Dude has a 25 point game and all of the sudden he's better than Rubio? IDK, if I could take Rubio right now or Lou Williams I'd take Rubio. Lot more potential and probably already a better all around PG.
jackman0209::What did you think he was? Because he's been solid the firsttwo NBA games of his career
argue4pay::ive liked williams since day 1, in fact back in college....i have an issue with rubio cause he has been considered great without even playing...like denny green would say, if you wanna crown him then crown his a$ but he is what i thought he was
mcrow24::Well, I'm glad that you're attempting to blow us away with great knowledge of the game and outstanding logic. lol.
argue4pay::great knowledge?  this is an espn board lol...you are in the wrong place for that
argue4pay::considering europe is a joke when it comes to bball, yes
mcrow24::Idiot. Do even have an idea about how the international game is played? It's a lot different in Europe, the PG is a lot less a part of the game than they are here. Rubio is going to be a more exciting Jason Kidd type of player and might actually turn out to a better shooter.
argue4pay::yes i do, screw europe, the end
MNwildBB::Maybe off the court. On the court Rubio is the one that looks 25 and Lou looks 19.
jackman0209::Neither did LeBron last year. I bet he's AWFUL then huh?
Vikadontis Rex::Oh he must be terrible then...
argue4pay::rubio couldnt even lead his team in any stat back in europe
MNwildBB::"I'm Ricky Rubio and I'm like no one else"
John Claytons Twin::If K-Love can get Rubes in the weight room, this kid could be a beast in two years.  He could be a Jason Kidd with his passing and boarding...
Vikadontis Rex::JJ Barea had a GREAT debut game for the wolves.  Rubio looked great too, just wish he'd attack the rim a little more.  BTW - his 1 miss was on a half court shot to end the quarter.  If we had a true shooter (trade beasley, wes johnson and a draft pick (or malcolm lee) for Kevin Smith), his stats would be great.  Love had a solid game, but kept having issues on rebounds as Williams and Rubio went for them too, something he's not used to.  We actually got outrebounded by the Thunder last night, quite a rarity.  Beasley was terrible.  He shoots contested jumpers WAY too often.  He shot contested jumpers at the end when it mattered too, and of course missed them.  Darko actually had a great game.  Adelmen had a lot to say about him this offseason, and so far, so good.  Ridnour needs to see less time on the court.  For wayyyy too long the Wolves lineup was Ridnour, Beasley, Love, Johnson, and Darko, the same 5 losers we had last year when we never won.  We need to keep Barea and Rubio on the court as much as possible.  I'd rather see Malcolm Lee out there then Ridnour too.  Beasley missed a wide open 3 in the 4th quarter, Durant came down and sunk one right in his eye.  Difference between a winner and loser.  In the end we missed 7 free throws, they only missed 2.  Free throws win championships.    TOO BAD WE DRAFTED FLYNN INSTEAD OF STEPHEN CURRY.
Vikadontis Rex::Hopefully soon.  Adelmen seems content on slowly working the new guys into the system.  Rubio, Williams, and Barea saw minimal minutes last night.  When they were on the court, they sparked the team and the fans.  You could hear the groans when our lineup from last year was on the court and we had literally no offense or defense.  I like Barea off the bench.  He is a great boost to the group when he comes out.  I think Rubio should overtake Ridnour in less than 10 games.  We have a short schedule, no time to waste.  I like Luke's effort, but with those 2 and Malcolm Lee stepping up preseason, maybe it's time to try to package Ridnour with other players (Beasley, Wes Johnson, Ellington, Pekovic) for a true scorer.
packersarethechampions::When do you think Barea (or even Rubio) are going to replace Ridnour in the starting lineup?
Vikadontis Rex::Oh and Derrick Williams - ok game.  He looked nervous, missed a couple open looks that he should sink.  Going 3-22 from 3 point land, missing 7 free throws, getting outrebounded, and still only losing on a missed layup by beasley.  Not too bad for the Wolves...
flsnupe::Is it me or did the Timberwolves put an NBA team on the floor last night.  They may have a chance at the playoffs!
eototal::Wolves will finish 35-31
rsleepo::If they trade Beasley for someone with an IQ &gt; 80 they might have a chance.
tradepost25::25 wins sound right for this team this year. Next year is highly possible.
Jimscoresgoals::I still see them only getting 25 wins.... but definitely some light at the end of the tunnel
01AmberBock::Durant and Hardin are soft, westbrook is a cancer. OKC picked by some to win the West... That ain't happening. Look out once the Wolves learn to close out games.
Ray7182770::At least win a game before predicting th eplayoffs and a title for the Twolves... lol
donkeyman05::Yeah, Durant's game-high 33 points are soft.  Westbrook isn't a cancer, you just believe every article you read on espn.  You usually don't here much smack talk from a team that has lost 10 in a row to a particular team.
dholmestar::who's going to win the west then?  the wolves?  LOL
argue4pay::do you have tonights lottery numbers as well?
zachrlee::Rubio showed a lot of poise in his debut; didn't commit a turnover, didn't force shots, served up the assists pretty well...exciting times for Minnesota.
ksathans::And to think, yesterday we had no loses.
ksathans::Only 1 loss on our record does make for exciting times.
ksathans::Go Lynx!
CapnFiatil::Hahaha yeah, because a WNBA title is more impressive than all of the college football national titles that OU has.  Oklahoma has no titles?  Woooooow.
01AmberBock::Lynx are world champions, (that should hit the newsstands in oklahoma any day now, depends on how far behind the civilized world you really are) something that has never happened in oklahoma.
eototal::Who are the lynx? lol
todd0864::Although i'm really disappointed the Wolves lost, if they give that effort every night, it's going to be a fun season to watch and maybe even some playoff games.
MNsportswopwopwah::can't wait to destroy the Bucks
