kingvinny::Still wondering about the technical foul on tyson chandler in the first half, that free point the refs gave brooklyn for no reason whatsoever could have easily changed the outcome of this game, then we are tied up at the end and melo probably wouldnt have forced that shot at the end, but hey seems like the refs are always shittin on the knicks nothing new
Dengue-Fever::KNICKS SUUUCK!!!!
Davedadolphan1223::Latest on nba trade rumors on pau gasol follow @hotreadrumors something about bobcats
Jamaal 43::The Knicks need to sign K Mart asap !!! (Rebounding &amp; boxing out) Two things Amare doesn't do
Jamaal 43::The Knicks are now 4 - 4 with both Melo and Amare in the lineup.  After about 9 games what I’ve noticed is that the floor spacing is not the same, shooters are not as wide open as they once were. The KNICKS will always be better on defense without Amare  but Amare has to get better; especially on the boards.
tungcn2010::Knicks will be playing Miami in the playoffs. 1 seed vs 8th seed. Again 1st round playoff exit. Brace yourselves Knicks fans, you'll only have to endure this until after 2014-15 season, when Melo's contract is over.
RichardtheRabbit::good. they can beat Miami.
tungcn2010::Let's try winning 2 games first.
savetheplanet10021::Trade Felton and stoudamire to lakers for Nash and Howard.....win win for both team
ThoseWhoStayWillBeChampions1982::I started betting a system called SportsBettingStar.  Ive made around 3K per month for 3 consecutive months now using the system.  You can find this system on the first page of Google by looking for Sports Betting Systems.
Rome7Hills::Knicks sucking since Stoudemire returned.
RichardtheRabbit::It's b/c Felton went down you fool.
dc3773::"any fool can score 30 pts on 30 shots" charles barkley.  they need a point guard who can penetrate and not break their finger from carrying so many boxes of fried chicken
Count_IT33::Reggie Evans can't
Count_IT33::Actually since Felton went down.  No guard penetration so they are relying on jumpshots
Count_IT33::It's Melo's job to score.  He also had 7 assists.  Try watching the game
dc3773::kidd and prigioni only ONE assist total.  ME-LO is back "just give me the damn ball and let me get mine"
Count_IT33::Great game.  Shows how bad the Knicks need Camby or Sheed, Knicks out rebounded by 15.  I hope these teams grab the #2 and #4 seed and make it to the ECF.... that would be a great 7 game series.
RichardtheRabbit::h
sports_IQ::Camby won't play much if both he and Sheed are healthy...and Sheed doesn't rebound much either at his age especially with bad feet.  Early on he was, but don't expect it is all I'm saying bro.  We don't rebound and don't defend enough, we will be lucky to be the 4th seed as MIA, BK and CHI are all definitely better...
robert3711::if they get 2 and 4 they will never play each other in the ECF niether one will get past Indy or Miami
uconn1511::agreed, what a series that would be
BKNets123456::Nets = Greatest
UWBadgers442::Remember when Knicks fans were trolling the entire east because they were the 1 seed? HAHA soon to be behind Brooklyn
Lebroncouldcareless::LOSING STEAM!!!!!!!!! the knicks!!!!!!!!!
carmenohio93::this was a good game but I can't help but see humphries running around like he doesnt belong on the court..dude looks so awkward and out of place
uconn1511::11 points and 13 rebounds... if he puts up numbers like that I can careless how awkward he is
nba is the worst::MLK bricks were abundant - and <b>'Melo is back to #1</b> in bricks per game, clanking 18 to Kobe's 15: 1. 'Melo 11.91 (season high) .456 FG% 2. Kobe 11.85 .464 3. Westbrick 10.95 .421 4. Love 10.72 .352 5. Monta 10.62 .400 6. Harden 10.10 .433 7. Felton 9.93 .396 8. Jennings 9.746 .407 9. Gay 9.737 .413 10. Aldridge 9.54 .462 Harden and Gay had 15 bricks to match Kobe, Jrue 13, Rip, JR Smith (who is getting closer to the top ten), Ryan Anderson, and Joe Johnson had 12 each.
Crooklynism::once again shows why Brooklyn &gt; manhattan
TiagoLebron::Knicks - started 6-0 Since - 19-14  Most used line ' We own Miami'
nba is the worst::<b>104-84 112-92  OWNED</b>
nba is the worst::Obviously - but they would have to be healthy - at least as healthy as in November
robert3711::you reall y think that the knicks could bet miami in a seven game series
uconn1511::great game yesterday, not to be an arrogant fan but its about time some of these knick fans kept quiet and realized the championship is not won in the first 20 games of the year. Should be a great rest of the season, wish these two teams met up again. Maybe in the playoffs
Ucannotbesirius::The Nets are still an acquisition away from greatness.  Go Nets!
sports_IQ::and Sad to say my NYK are an acquisition away from being a contender...you can't be in the bottom half of rebounding and be considered a serious contender...sad to say, David Lee instead of STAT is the guy this team needed most...This team isn't winning anything with just Melo having to do everything...
uconn1511::Agree with you on that, almost there! Lets go nets!
LebronOwnsNBA::James
sglas5::Go Blues. Go Iowa Hawkeye Basketball
Greg2037::This is the NBA not NCAA basketball.
smokinstogies305::5th seed. First round exit.
SPGCPA::the Knicks should be happy with that....even if it is painful watching the Nets go to the ECF.....
BobGriffin::boomshakalaka
Ucannotbesirius::This rivalry between the Knicks and Nets is likely to dwarf the rivalry between the Giants and Jets!
kingvinny::yeah Giants and jets is no rivalry, Jets need tebow, jesus, and God 2 get on the gmen's level
spcoon::the jets and giants play once every four years. there's no rivalry except on the back page of the post.
Elena6413::GOOOOOO NETS!!!!!!!!!! http://NetsHighlights.qr.net/ElenaBlog
Hunnybadger21::Go blackhawks
Ralph090407::I'm a die-hard knick fan -- but, i've got to say that 11 for 29 is not going to get it done!!!!  Melo's true colors are starting to show again....he's an east coast Kobe.....a friggin ball hog.  He makes no one else on the team better....and its not like he has to do much in that regard, because the team is already talented!!!  He needs to stop hoggin the friggin ball and get everyone involved!!!  I'm pissed man....go knicks...
Mac Laurenz::Your knock down shooter has to help his cause and get open. Not Melo's best game at all. A little bit too much iso from him and JR. His 7 assists were encouraging though. We need Felton asap!!  Kidd is too long in the tooth to be a starter and is much better off the ball than at the point at this stage of his career.
NYballer6969::Shooters on every team but the Knicks get plays and picks run for them ! Woody is using Novak for spacing only , so that life would be easier for Melo !  If you listen to some of the analysts on the NBA games , they say the same thing now ! Felton takes way to many shots for a point guard of his caliber at 39% shooting, that is more a negative then a positive !
NYballer6969::I saw some encouraging things this game from him ...He actually thought pass first on some of his plays....Still anytime you take 29 shots and you have a knock down shooter who only takes 3 , there is something very wrong . The Knicks will live and die by Melo's decisions and apparently you have a coach who doesn't give a dam to change that mindset !
NYballer6969::All I know is that Jennaro Pargo got signed to a 10 day contract for the Hawks ..He took 11 shots in his first game ...Novak got 3 shots and he's suppose to be the best 3 point shooter in the league ...Are the Knick players to good to set picks for him ? Or Dantoni never taught Woody how to set picks for shooters ? Don't tell me there's not enough shots to go around when you have 2 guys taking 55% of the shots !
Bigmayne313::The Knicks are asstastic, slowly but surely their true colors are coming out
NYballer6969::1 bad week in the East and the Knicks might drop from 2nd to 6th in the Conference !
LA Clipp Joint::Cool story ... however my johnson's jumper gave my wife twins
Dawan208::Wow the Nets record is almost as good as the Knicks.   What a difference a month makes.
BeanieJuss::'Kris, just let go. I'm carrying another suc....er....man's child.'  --Kim
64801Mike::Started using this bet system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. In my first month of using this system I made almost  $3,000 profit.  If you like to bet sports I recommend this system to anyone that is tired of not winning your sports bets. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google if you search the term Sports Betting Systems.
P00N TANG::MY A.S.S SMELLS LIKE KOOLAID.
Qbell79::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DT-4DlWv_oE
manimarf09::Pretty good game, perhaps the best of the four I watched today. This series might just end up going back and forth.
whatsanoa::Knicks should have won, because 20+ turnovers is just wayyyy to much. Nets stole this one, I'm happy. Also happy that Shumpert and Amar'e were back for this one so knick fans can stop using that excuse.
STEVE6163656::Nets &gt; Knicks
djny2k12::Ofcourse Nets and their fans are happy that they beat a division rival and gained a game on them. The series was 2-1 in Knicks favor before today's game so if Nets lost, they would have lost a game in the standings, gained no advantage during playoff seeding should both of them find themselves with a similar record at the end of the season and anytime you beat a division rival, the players morale changes significantly as well as their confidence.  Knicks are 1 game up on the Nets with more than half a season left and you are going to brag about the standings when the Knicks are going in the opposite direction. They are consistently losing to big physical teams. This should be a cause for concern. Also, Knicks will not play Miami in the 1st or 2nd round of the playoffs unless somehow the Knicks fall to 7th or 8th seed. Knicks will have to go through Celtics, Bulls or Pacers come playoff time. These are all physical teams that the Knicks have not had any success playing them. I will leave the Nets out of it just for arguments sake.
CarBoNz815::Wait it's funny because the knicks should of won, we had 21 $@%!$@% turnovers compared to the knicks 5 turnovers. All the knicks have is melo, he played the whole game except two minutes and im pretty sure Mike Woodson's gameplan is give the ball to melo. The knicks are !$@%!$@ trash, there old and overated.  BROOOOKLYN ALLL Day !
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::WWWWOW....Are you THIS dumb? Or kidding around? People with low expectations are happy with low results. Nets fans happy 2-2...Knick fans MAD 2-2 expect more than this. By the way Dingbat....2-2 means EQUAL and Knicks 1st place, Nets 2nd place equals LOWER. Go back to school....net fans....gotta' love em' little fella's ...little brother happy? lmAo
Thedevil25::Hey dingbat.  You do realize that your first place lead was once 7 games which is now trimmed to just 1, but you're so smart you probably already knew that.  But here's a question.  If your lead was once 7, wouldn't that mean that one team is heading in one direction and the other team in a another.  Do yourself a favor next time and think of something smart to say before you comment and make a fool of yourself.
-Td4mvp3 -::Man I actually sorta feel sorry for D'Antoni
MNBoomerHoya::Nice to see the Nets take one away at MSG. I really didn't think they would pull off that one. Go Nets!
djny2k12::Yes, very nice to see so far....another thing to note and is very encouraging to see is that Johnson and Lopez have had several big games. DWill has not played up to his capabilities. If he returns to his all-star level night in and night out....this team will become a strong contender.  Knicks seem to have problems with big physical teams.
Rudibager::Uhh...  Yes they are.  Did you see how many more rebounds the Nets had than the Knicks?
snoverneji::nets arent big and physical
-Td4mvp3 -::HERE WE GO SPURS!!!!!
BK HOTSHOT::Joe Johnson is finally stepping up BIG TIME! He may be an All Star? I still think that Reggie Evans is the "GLUE" to making this winning run work. Gritty Defense &amp; toughness that the Lopez &amp; Humphries starting combo didn't have. As long as Joe Johnson stays aggressive &amp; Reggie stays in the starting lineup, I got a feeling Carlesimo will remain the coach. Of course as long as they keep winning, the Big Ru$$ian should be happy. I still think Blatche &amp; Teletovic should get more playing time. Good win for the BKNets!
NYballer6969::I thought Humphries had a better game then Evans this time. I also thought that Melo eyes lit up when Evans guarded him, he was taking Evans to the hole and abused him offensively ! None the less , Hump and Evans are the league's top 5 rebounders per 48 minutes , when they are healthy ! I would consider both of them as liabilities if they had to go to the perimeter to guard people !
HiTekk_::Melo went Kobe 2.0 in this one.
-Td4mvp3 -::You all secretly hope the spurs will win it all....dont be shy :)
-Td4mvp3 -::I honestly dont see the clippers or the knicks advancing to the CF but we'll see
dayda77::I predicted demise of Knicks when they were 20-7 and all Knicks fans were buying fool's gold.  Under Dolan, Knicks ceiling is 6th seed and first round exit.  Brooklyn Nets will be only relevant team in this city for years to come, and only team with realistic shot at a title.  Get used to it Knicks fans-- you have oldest team in NBA history, a team that relies way to heavily on the 3 point shot.  A team that doesn't play consistent defense, and a team that has no chemistry.  6-7 in their last 13 games.  That's as good as it gets for them the rest of the way.
brooklynboynyg::The Knicks and Nets have played pretty similarly on the season as a whole, but since Avery Johnson got fired the Nets have been playing significantly better than the Knicks.
dayda77::Nets crushed best team in Basketball -- the Thunder, on the Thunder's home court.  Just sayin.  Meanwhile, Knicks at home were down 27 points in 4th to Rockets, down 22 after 3 to Bulls, down 19 to Blazers, etc, etc.  Blown off the floor at the Garden repeatedly.  Pacers will get Granger back, Bulls will get Rose back.  Heck, if 76ers get Bynum back, they may finish ahead of Knicks.  Celtics probably will finish ahead of Knicks too.
65tarheel::so we should just put nets in finals now?
snoverneji::@dayda youre an idiot
Yanks-Knicks-Giants-Rangers::I LOVE how you missed the 2 Miami BLOWOUTS and BOTH San Antonio wins. 1-1 with Indy, 2-2 with Brooklyn, 1-0 Denver...lol. You are HILARIOUS!!
Ontario925::The Nets have not played the Bulls,Heat,and Celtics enough. They have not played the Grizzlies and Rockets yet. They struggled against the Spurs,Heat,Bulls,and Celtics the last time they played them. I would wait until after they play all those teams before determining how good they are.
mdtuzo::they beat the celtics
-Td4mvp3 -::im sorry could u please repeat that I didnt understand
SPGCPA::while much of what you say is true.....they are a talented, gritty team...I expect to battle them for the 3 seed the rest of the way.....the Nets are good....just not sure how good we will gel by end of the year...
-Td4mvp3 -::Im sorry but anybody saying they dont care about their team getting the #1 spot by the end of the season is lying to themselves
djny2k12::Spurs are becoming like the Patriots of the NFL....great coach with exceptional regular season records year after year but cannot win the big one or in this case the series.
SPGCPA::MVP.....MVP......MVP....   Yes, Brook....they're chanting for you !!
-Td4mvp3 -::the spurs need the clips to win tomm to bring okc within a tie statistically......duncan and ginobili will have their CP3 jerseys on  tomm
djny2k12::Big win for the Nets but they need to take care of the ball....this team commits some of the dumbest unforced turnovers. I'd like to say that it's because this team is still figuring out a way to gel and build an identity. I suppose my hope is that they get better taking care of the ball by season's end.
NYballer6969::Evans and Lopez have 2 left feet ! Wallace is out of control !  Joe Johnson overpasses , when he's wide open ! Blatche and Brooks still need to learn the game more ! I'd say , it's a miracle if they keep turnovers below 10 for a game !
