Brett Skinner::All I can picture is Durant in a Darth Vader suit pinching his hand together as Love misses free throws.
Jason E. Daniels::I felt his anger
Graham Strouse::Any team with KD or LBJ is never out of it until the buzzer sounds...
Christopher Cosper::Live lbj but Durant on different level as far as clinching ill take him over ANYONE...Durant is that dude
Will Schmitz::As a die-hard Thunder and OK State fan, it has been one rough week. :(
Arvin Ramroop::true that :(
Joe Coburn::I really feel for you guys. At least you should be full strength come playoff time.
Brandon Tigues::how the hell was that a foul on Minnesota?
Adam Youman::yea that was the worst call i have ever seen. forget that he got pushed it was still a foul on jeremy lamb for going over brewers back.
Brandon Tigues::Adam Youman extactly, terrible call..but Minny had a chance to tie or take the lead at the end and they blew it..so can't complain to much about that call.
Adam Youman::Brandon Tigues oh absolutely i think they returned the favor at the end with the foul on klove. but he missed 2 free throws...the refs put em back in it and he threw it away
Leon Debeljak::Steven Adams beastin
Justin McElhaney::Talk about padding stats...Rubio passes to Love..Love bounces the ball 3 times and then shoots and makes and Rubio gets the assist....sorry but that is not an assist
Luke Zacharias::I thought it was 3.5 dribbles that constituted an unassisted shot.. ;)
Mel Francis Pacuma::Blowout coming! After Wolves bench enters the game, Blowing the lead is coming! Hope I'm wrong, our bench sucks bad.
Shawn Bento::Even with Reggie thrust into the starting role, Thunder's bench has still been dynamic.
Mel Francis Pacuma::Idk what's worst, those missed FTs by Love or 5pts bench production!, God, our bench is awful!
Tony Robbins::Or the horrible officiating.
Jp Dench::Kevin Love you choker
Lornet Prather::Here is a good reason for Love to leave the Timberwolves.  They should move the team to St. Louis but its easier for Love to leave the same way that KG left.
L Ron Gardner::Where is the Love?
Shawn Bento::KD CLUTCHHHHHH
Tony Robbins::The last few Wolves games is leaving egg on the NBA's face with this blatant horrible officiating, when the league has to officially and publicly apologize to the team you know something is wrong. All the idiots about to say that we get a lot a FT's every game just shut you ignorant hole. The Wolves offense is designed to draw fouls by pounding the paint with Pek and Love and the other players are attacking and driving to the rim, that's why they get so many FT's a game. Other teams are more perimeter jump shooting oriented and thus rarely get any fouls. The Wolves still get no respect from the league and probably never will no matter how good they could or ever be.
Jared Keen::Wolves were massively over in the points in the paint and almost all contested, thunder had too many clear drives, yet still shoot more FT's shows a problem. And whoever decided to call a foul o brewer against lamb needs to be sacked. How the hell can you call a person for a foul when his back is turned facing the ball and someone jumps over the top of them? That foul, IMO, is the game changer too, went from Wolves ball to losing our best defensive player and 2 more thunder points.
Patrick Oliver::All Love does is hit 5 3's, score 30 points, and bring down 14 rebounds....and that's still not enough for people. Maybe if he didn't have to play 43 minutes, perhaps he would of still had legs on him to make those FT's. Dude made like 3 HUGE 3's in the 4th, without him OKC wins this game by double digits
Fjodor Balla::legs to make FTs? You know you are not allowed to jump when hitting FTs right? riiiiight??
Patrick Oliver::Fjodor Balla Clearly you've never shot a free throw in your life, let alone one with the game on the line. Not to mention the guy is 6'10 and 260lbs and had just played 40 straight minutes of basketball. Finally, you ARE allowed to jump on a FT if you so choose to...
Fjodor Balla::Patrick Oliver Oh..I see we have a real pro on the boards! Guy just missed his last 4 free throws in the last 27 seconds of the game and you are going to blame that on the fact that he was tired? REALLY? I'm leaving it at that because I don't wanna call you names although you deserve it.He just plain choked under pressure.
Joseph Evans::I'm telling you...if Durant averaged 30+ pts, 9+ reb, and 5 Ast a game, with Westbrook being out half the season and also having the best record in the league. He will win MVP this year. Deservedly.
Bryan Roach::They'd still gyp him and give it to someone else like they've done for the last 3 years.
Vascoo Darriel::mvp is not important..kobe is the scorer he is perfect kobe is the best 1 on 1 player of all time kobe is the best k
Steven Peterson::Some of the worst officiating I have seen all year! Phantom calls going for Durant without any contact, bush league moves by Fisher - this is just a joke! I hope the Wolves hold on and beat both the Thunder and the refs tonight!!!
Patrick Oliver::Are you serious? Minnesota was in the bonus with like 9 minutes left in the 4th quarter...27 fouls called against the Thunder and only 20 against the Wolves...you gotta be blind
Joe Coburn::Patrick Oliver - You are blind. The wolves have been hammering the paint all game and the thunder shooting jump shots.
Patrick Oliver::Joe Coburn What's that have to do with anything? The refs have nothing to do what's happening right now. The fact that Minnesota has the bench of a high school team is the problem.
Mark Waschbusch::Flipped on the game for a couple of minutes and the lack of effort unless you have the ball in the NBA makes it so hard to watch as opposed to college hoops.
Lucas Campbell::the lack of skill makes it hard to watch college so its a fair trade
MiQuel Carniel::I want to see Durant put together a streak of 40 point games. He is the only person in the league with the ability to perform such a task.
Shaun Mitts::Melo did that last year, tied knicks record.
Patrick Oliver::It doesn't really matter. They'll never give Durant the MVP over Lebron anyways. Durant could beat Lebron in every single stat and they would still find a reason not to give it to him
Brett Skinner::Patrick Oliver When Durant does that let me know.
Meron Foto::Wow---- KD is literally putting this team on his back right now. Not really a lot of help from his teammates on scoring.
Barry McCockiner::Yet another choke job. I swear its like they don't wanna get back over .500....smh pathetic
Nick Loewenstein::Durantula!!
Timmy James::When durant gets on a roll no one can stop him i don't think that there's been better scorer since jordan and i think you could argue he is a better pure scorer than mj now mjwas clearly the better player but in pure abilty to score guys in another league durant can be to unselfish at times
Jabari Akil::For such a pure scorer he only has one 50 point game, weird. Not on MJ's level at all.
Timmy James::oh really the best guys in jordans era averaged 30 the best guys now average 30 i never said durant was a better player i said as just a pure scorer he is i believe better he is better from 3 point range and a better foul line shooter than mj and teams have become far better on defense than in mjs era teams like the spurs pistons when they won there rings the pacers now can slow teams as i said mjs clearly the best player the games seen but im talking as a scorer and i think durant is as good as mj was in that era he has never taken the huge amount of shots mj took either
CJ Yolo::OKC you guys are scared and you know what I'm talking about.  You thought you had the west won this year and then Portland comes out of nowhere and embarrasses you twice.  You had that game on NYE and you blew it.  www.chrisinnewberg.blogspot.com
Michael Oltmanns::Scared? You must be new to the NBA.
Randy Ragsdale::If Minnesota can win this game they can win any game. The energy, the effort and the half-court and transition defense just has to be there. They have all the pieces they need to win games. It's about execution. It's easy to have all the pieces to win games. You have to go out and get it done.
Lornet Prather::No they dont.  Love is being wasted.  All the Timberwolves will ever have are 'moral victories.'  They really shouldnt have a NBA team just like there should not be a NHL team in Phoenix.
Justin McElhaney::They were playing a OKC team without Westbrook..remember Minn won the 1st game without Westbrook then got hammered in the 2nd game when Westbrook was back...sorry but Minn is not even close to the same level as a team like OKC
Nate Stein::T-Wolves won the first meeting by 19, and lost the second by 10 on a night where Love and Martin combined to shoot 10 for 30 from the field. Westbrook played in the win, but not in the loss. Without Westbrook, I will take Minnesota at home in a close game
Ayn Bland::Westbrook didn't even play in the loss..  It's not a matter of him not playing well at all.
Joe Coburn::Ayn Bland try your hardest to to comprehend what the OP said before you comment.
Rajko Dugandzic::Again after 3 quarters Perkins play 20 minutes 0 points,7 rebounds,4 fouls, 2 turnover, 2 assist(surprise). Cashier Mike my friend, in that time would have a triple double!
Valon Besa Gashi::Rajko guy u are so freaking funny, how abut me u forgot. If  OKC gets rid of Perkins than maybe I can be OKC fan, lol. I made a good foul though and K Love couldn't make any free throughs ( if it was me I would've made at least 1 lol). Miami all the way
Rajko Dugandzic::Valon KD killed me again, I must buy a cake. 43pts or more...how many cakes must I buy? Lol
