nba is the worst::James Capers is the latest outcome-rigger in Stern's system, often going to some ridiculous extremes.  How does McGee get 16 ftas on 5 shots in 23 minutes? (he avg 2.8 ftas/gm). Raptors entire team 19.  Nuggets with 43 ftas,  +24 for the game - only +18 over their avg, "somehow" win by 3...
charlie hustle bets the over::i wish conspiracy theorists such as yourself actually watched the game.   it appears your angle is the nuggets were granted too many charity stripe opportunities. i was at the game.  mcgee was clearly getting fouled in the paint, a lot of which were intentional by toronto (a la "hack a shaq").  case dismissed.
heatfaninfl::Using a bet system named Sportsbettingstar. Ive made over $3,000 a month average the past few months now playing the system. If you search basketball betting system on google you will learn more about it.
heatfaninfl::Been using a bet system called sportsbettingstar for picks. Ive made around 203k a month profit using this system. If you google sports betting system you will find the system on the 1st page.
JensenJaxon::Flop by billups http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jreVKYMJAVo
jayeteee::As long as it's against the Jazz I'm good w/ it. :)
MortiesRalphers::And a vape sesh for all!
npersonett::What is going on with Wilson Chandler??
phattybumbum::Injured hip
19brom::n88nick you are ahuge loser and know nothing about sports, fuckk your self
HiTekk_::I absolutely despise Bargnani
erik2806::Yea, he's a major Europhag
Alex47666::i knew Karl would screw up the 19 point lead just not that bad
jayeteee::Glad we won. Can't believe it got as close as it did at the end. Quit watching middle of the 3rd quarter and watched the football game, and came back w/ a minute left. Figures.....
n88nick06::Of anybody saying the Raptors are a good young team, ha ha.  Get off the drugs.  Raptors are a teams with a bunch of junk players on it.  They just add more and more junk to that garbage roster.  These clowns will never finish a season above .500 ever again in life, ha ha!!!!
Trivial Psychic::I suggest you figure out how to use a question mark, and look a little closer at the Sonics exit from Seattle.
expoes::n88 you actually know nothing about Toronto do you. I take it you are from Seattle the city that lost their team. I wonder why that happened. Could it be no one supported them. before  you open you mouth maybe you should think twice about your own city's record with sports teams. You are one angry person by the way. I suggest you get help.
19brom::and ur the only one liking ur comments, loser
19brom::ya n88 your a huge dippshitt and know nothing about sports
nba is the worst::People who know sports understand that the Raptors are profitable, even without ever winning...  Apparently that means their fans care.
n88nick06::I know everything about sports you ingrate.  I know that $@%!$@ Raptors team should be moved where they team can get real talent and stop playing in a place that doesn't even care about basketball.  It's an embarrassment to the NBA to have that team there.  Nobody gives a damn about that %!$@.  And you are as good as your record.  If your 4-14 your not good.  If your 8-8 or near .500 you can say a team is improving or has a chance.  10 games under .500 and the years before that you were garbage, and now your still garbage this year.  Come on man, just be real about the situation.  Call it like I see it.  I know basketball you clown, Terrence Ross is a nice piece but in a weak draft no way that dude is a lottery pick that's just stupid.  I saw the dude play at Washington, him and Tony Wrotten were nice out there.  I know my sports dude.
HiTekk_::Leafs? TFC? Argos? Jays? Raps? Rock?  Im pretty sure Toronto dominates seattle with sports history, and success.
n88nick06::Nobody cares about those $@%!$@ teams, lol.  Argos?  WTF is that %!$@ CFL?  Get that low grade %!$@ out of here.  Seattle Seahawks got Marshawn Lynch, Russell Wilson at QB, Sidney Rice big time wide receiver and it's a NFL team best of the best clown.  Keep that %!$@%!$@ in Canada, nobody worth anything cares.
n88nick06::Bosh closed the casket on that Franchise when he left.  They might as well move them to Seattle already.  A real sports city with a rich history and great fans.
LeBron James Fan No.71251::ESPN - take Ty Lawson off the "un-droppable" list in fantasy basketball.  Do it now.
MafiosoSpaghetti::wow denver nearly choked...losers
vice4209::The new rule stated that if the defensive team commits an off-the-ball foul within the last two minutes of the game, the offensive team would be allowed to keep possession of the ball after the awarding of either one or two free throws. Since the entire reason for employing intentional fouling as a strategy was to quickly terminate the offensive team's possession, this new rule, when in effect, forced the team using intentional fouling to foul only the offensive player who had the ball.  how did the ref not know this rule? lol
ESPNisBSNEWZ::can stern start fining the people who actually deserve it...KNOW THE RULES
thewolf1616::Denver is in for a long season if corey brewer is there best player
n88nick06::atleast they got a W man...
Trev28nba::Iggy did a nice disappearing act tonight
CoreyGallagherArt::Get used to it.
downisthenewup87::http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/fire-george-karl-now/
downisthenewup87::post it anywhere you can think of.  its already making regular rounds on denverpost.com and roundballmining.
RockyMountainWay1::yes please
thinkbig17::Nuggets need to learn how to put a game away.. lost a 16pt lead the other night and had a 19pt lead tonight.. We need a closer on this team
vice4209::GKs rotations can really drive you crazy, gets a a huge lead and with one group and then never uses that lineup again, seems like he never calls timeouts when needed either
AbeEasy::Did they win or is that a typo?
ESPNisBSNEWZ::they won, but this is their third blown lead
thinkbig17::I agree a lot of talent... Wish we had a guy that would put up 20 a night though
Kyle Lowry Top 5 PG::You guys need a Kyle Lowry
98broncos77::lol ty lawson i thought was gonna be that guy but he is not havin a amazin season but k faried is playin great and iggy farried lawson brewer j Hamilton Galinari J Mcghee we got TONS of talent
thinkbig17::I thought AI could be that guy.. but he hasnt been as clutch as I had hoped thus far
RockyMountainWay1::No shi.t
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Denver had 24 more free throw attempts...so you can't say that the ref's helped Toronto...
vice4209::true they blew that call, they thought that someone on toronto got a piece of the ball which wasnt the case, but to not even know the rules is pretty pathetic for a ref
vice4209::and really the only time id say the refs help toronto was at the end when they somehow didnt know that you have to foul the man with the ball in end of game situations
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Yeah, the refs also counted the bucket where McGee passed to himself..so call it even :/
vice4209::you do realize alot of those were intentional fouls by toronto right? not just at the end of the game they used the hack-a-shaq strategy on mcgee in the 3rd
JoeyDorsey4MVP::I know..I'm mostly saying in the first half.. I think Toronto had what 4 free throw attempts in the first half..and Denver had nearly 20?  Refs only started giving Toronto free-throws in the second half...
zeppyreal::Shut up Dorsey
Kyle Lowry Top 5 PG::Yeah but we was fouling on purpose too
JoeyDorsey4MVP::I know...but I'm mostly referring to the first half...
ESPNisBSNEWZ::raptors are talented, but dont fool yourself, this is the third out of 4 games that denver blew a lead!!!
n88nick06::And you talking about talent, hell everybody in the NBA has talent.  The Sixers are a young talented team, the Cavs look good too.  This Raptors team is $@%!, ha ha!!!!
n88nick06::Ya'll have to be joking.  The Raptors suck now, and will always suck.  With these same garbage $@% players.    If you think this team will ever be good I got some beach front property I wanna sell ya in Alaska. ha ha!!!!
komu93910::raptors are not good cuz our two "stars" are so one dimensional,but they could easily start for 10 other teams in this watered down league
Shwaguy::At the very least, DeRozan has shown signs of improvement as well, and he's definitely improved his rebounding at least this season
98broncos77::wait WTF Barigani is a freakin star hes one of the best ofensive players in the NBA wow i cant believve im defending another time other then the nuggets but hey the NUGGETS WOULD LOVE ROSS AND BARIGANI AND LOWERY AND DEROZAN
Shwaguy::Bargnani is a one dimensional scorer, and he's usually not very efficient at that, he can't rebound or defend for his life and he's 7 ft tall, he might get his own points, but if you watch him in games he can really stall the flow of the offence.  Don't get me wrong, as a Raps fan I'm a big fan of Lowry, DeRozan, and Ross. just not Bargs. Again Don't forget about Valenciunas, he could very well be our best player in the coming years
ESPNisBSNEWZ::no defense tho
98broncos77::yea and im a nuggets fans but listen raptors fans. NEXt year u guys will make the playoffs u will have five great players. Some lottery star Barigani Lowery Derazon Ross.   Thats a good startin five       s     s
Shwaguy::Take Bargnani out of that and you'd be right, add in Valenciunas instead. He's gonna be a good one for sure
n88nick06::Dude nobody wants any of those players outside of Lowry, and Derozan is too young to really know if he'll be good or not.  Bargnani wouldn't start for any other team.  All the players on the Raptors are throw aways for the most part.  Raptors only get players nobody else wants...
ESPNisBSNEWZ::you seem like one of those idiots who only know about the popular teams...watch a game and watch the players you talk about before you trash them...calderon might be the best backup PG in the nba, ross was a lottery pick who I doubt NO ONE wants, all the other players I listed are solid role players
ESPNisBSNEWZ::regardless of what you call it lowry derozan bargnani calderon johnson davis...now ross, THEY HAVE TALENT and upside
Shwaguy::And Jonas!
98broncos77::ok fine but those are three players that avrege 20 points a game so its like a bad big 3
98broncos77::no they have demar rezon andrea barigani and kyle lowary so thats a big three. They just need depth
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Actually, they have depth..it's the fact that their stars aren't good enough... Derozan and Lowry can't win this team games by themselves... And Bargs, Calderon, Val, are too many steps behind..
n88nick06::That is not a big 3 stop the non sense, lol..
ESPNisBSNEWZ::??? dont look at the record, look at the roster and how the compete...
n88nick06::The Raptors are not talented, lol..  That's why they are 4-14.  Duh!!!
AC2020x::don't call someone untalented unless your ready to step out there and show them up
Anonymous espn user::Every win we get it just prolongs George Karl's tenure here.
ESPNisBSNEWZ::and the losses do no damage to it
Kyle Lowry Top 5 PG::And Rocky mountain way whats up with the Celtics and Saints as your other fav teams? Hedge your bets much?
RockyMountainWay1::whats wrong with that? I follow them  but i'm not a bandwagon fan
RockyMountainWay1::Raptors are garbage and the Nuggets might be even worse
Zede51::some fan you are...
thinkbig17::Why so much hate on the Nugs.. lets wait til we get to play more than 1 home game a month
zeppyreal::Raptors record is misleading even ask Tony Parker
zeppyreal::GIANTS SUCK CAWKK
vice4209::pretty hilarious that the refs didnt know that you have to foul the guy WITH the ball in that situation
ESPNisBSNEWZ::this road trip needs to be his last chance...anything less than 4 SOLID wins is a failure
Kyle Lowry Top 5 PG::28 mins? Does Ty Lawson usually play such little minutes?
Zede51::no, Karl probably forgot about him
celebrate good times come on::nice effort raps.
celebrate good times come on::not like the nuggets are going to win championships anytime soon
RockyMountainWay1::no they probably wont be making the playoffs
RockyMountainWay1::lol the Raps are garbage
Atletico89::easy man your a rockies and cu fan
Kyle Lowry Top 5 PG::What does that say about Denver then?
thinkbig17::Faried is a beast.. you might even say a MANIMAL!!!
Shotblkr323::that will never catch on /sarcasm
0ffense::good comeback.  almost raptors.
j28mv::Didn't see the game. Why is everyone down on GK?
dcyxc2004::BECAUSE FOR THE THIRD GAME IN A ROW WE GAVE UP A DOUBLE DIGIT SECOND HALF LEAD BECAUSE OF SMALL BALL
j28mv::Ah, ok
j28mv::...?
JustineS04::No center late. Almost gave the game away.
Votto4mvp055045::cuz its GK
Anonymous espn user::I'm not even excited about this win.
ESPNisBSNEWZ::if it was as simple as fouling the worst off ball FT shooter, why would teams struggle to get the ball to their best shooter???
vice4209::ya i think the refs $@%!$@ that up..... somehow....
Votto4mvp055045::FIRE GEORGE KARL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dcyxc2004::http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/fire-george-karl-now/signatures
vice4209::how was he able to foul faried when he didnt have the ball.......
soloartist11::Totally illegal. Refs just keeping them in the game...
JustineS04::How do the refs not know the rules?
Atletico89::Maybe we can trade Brewer to the Raps for someone after that showing.
zeppyreal::RAPTORS FKIN RULE I DNT GIV A FCKKK
dcyxc2004::...ABOUT SPELLING
zeppyreal::GOOF
segunm2::by winning, gk gets to live another day as nuggets coach smh
toronto-vigilante3::Another BS game by the Raptors.....yeah, you made it a game with one min left...whatever. You still don`t win.  A loss is a loss no matter how you slice it.  Stop giving up the big quarters and start learning from mistakes. This is now the 7th game where the Raps could have won but lost.
Drle5761::yeah, it's easy to overlook three quarters of absolute $@%! when we look at this comeback
Kyle Lowry Top 5 PG::Deroza had Lowry in the corner smh
dcyxc2004::horrible win.  GK is an idiot.  http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/fire-george-karl-now/signatures
MileHighOrangeNUGS::Hell yeah Nugs hang on
RockyMountainWay1::Lol you can suck a dick Stern
Shotblkr323::GAME OVER
ESPNisBSNEWZ::decent win...FIRE GK!!!
RockyMountainWay1::Horrible win and FIRE GK.
Kyle Lowry Top 5 PG::We all know Stern and the refs cater to the superstar jaugernat that is toronto
denverboi1993::lol
soloartist11::hahaha
soloartist11::These refs don't know the rules whatsoever
Votto4mvp055045::if he misses the 2nd and they hit a three i will cry
dcyxc2004::oh my god.
