imichalak2310::Turns out this game cost the Griz the 3 seed... shame
nastaran28::hamed haddadi
gatorfan808::Derek Fisher gets no assist when his team shoots almost 50% from the field.  I thought Bynum's numbers stood out, but Fisher's zero assist was the one that was eye popping.  Lakers get yourselves a decent PG and you can contend for the Western Conference Championship.
jviramontes13::The game's over, Grizzlies lost.  Don't be sore losers.  The Lakers came back from down 18 and played a good game against a much younger team.
KathyBreck::And it took them 2 OT's to win even with the full support of the refs.
AceManCometh03::34 to 5 at the line. the refs never lose
SethyGrizz::What about that "trip foul" they reviewed and still called it clear path?
jviramontes13::Give it up, the game's been over since yesterday.  Move on.  Go study for your math test instead.
SethyGrizz::The one where the all-star fell over his own foot
wzawwin::Bynum is the man and should be the number one offensive look every time down the floor.  Kobe can't carry a team.  He can't win and never has won without a dominant big man.
JEGRAY53::Grizz fans the game is over Lakers won please go away.
ACandOJ::No we need to hear more about how they had to play without Zach for the about 40th game this season &amp; how they didn't have Rudy.  Since they play so many games together...the team would never know how to play without them.
ACandOJ::Grizz fans...here a visual aid since you didn't watch the game.  Here is the reason your team only shot 5 free throws.  Look at the amount of shots in the paint...then look at all the outside shots.  Case closed.....   http://www.cbssports.com/nba/gametracker/shotchart/NBA_20120313_LAL@MEM
JTCM71::2 fouls on 49 shots in the paint??????  Come on man, even if you are a Lakers homer...
ACandOJ::Where are you getting 49 shots in the paint??  I see 16-24 on layups and who is fouling on jumpers??
JTCM71::you didn't watch the game.  2 of Grizz 5 FT's were technicals.  So, you are trying to convince me that there were 2 fouls on 49 shots in the paint?????
SethyGrizz::The Officials just saw the lakers away record lookin like dump outside a ghetto z-mart and threw the game because hey? whats one more crime when your in a city with one of the highest crime rates anyways. grizz took so many jump shots because the paint was a hack town and there were no calls. The lakers would be nothing without Kobe and Kobe would be nothing without refs.
jviramontes13::Waaaaaaaahhhhhhh!  Waaaaaaahhhhhh! Here's a tissue.
JTCM71::excuse me 8... 21-29 after 1st qtr...
JTCM71::look at the game stats not the 1st quarter.  if you go by that logic Grizz win by 9!
ACandOJ::For the slow class...fastbreak layups count as points in the paint.  Memphis had 22 fastbreak points...Now their 60 points in the paint is down to 38.  Out that 38, by watching the game, I'll say at least 20 were jumpshots from paint.    Look at the shot chart &amp; tell me that they didn't spend all game shooting jumpers...conversely, the Lakers had 54-56 points in the paint &amp; only about 5 fastbreak points.  This shows that one team was posting up &amp; they other team wasn't
JTCM71::and scored 4 more points in the paint than the Lakers.  Look it up
ACandOJ::It wasn't you....it was the other guy crying about fouls...my bad Game stats show that the Grizz shot 87 jumpers....eighty $@%!$ seven....
JTCM71::i never said that
ACandOJ::You said they were shooting jumpers b/c it was hacktown in the paint.  They started the game shooting jumpers...
ACandOJ::Why did the Grizz take 20 jumpers in the 1st quarter??
SethyGrizz::At least in this point of his career
Shub2308::Shub2308 Only time you can win is when Kobe is on your team #olympics 2 fans like this. 35 Seconds Ago  Unlike  Reply  Flag  Edit  Shub2308 Tried to wear #23 disrespectful 2 fans like this. 1 Minute Ago  Unlike  Reply  Flag  Edit  Shub2308 Go to the club with you mother 2 fans like this. 3 Minutes Ago  Unlike  Reply  Flag  Edit  Shub2308 Turned your back on the city that beloved you and made you who you are 2 fans like this. 4 Minutes Ago  Unlike  Reply  Flag  Edit  Shub2308 You let skip bayless clown you over and over 3 fans like this. 4 Minutes Ago  Unlike  Reply  Flag  Edit  Shub2308 Made fun of the MVP and got dismantled in the finals 2 fans like this. 5 Minutes Ago  Unlike  Reply  Flag  Edit  Shub2308 New York Yankees fan from Ohio. Dallas cowboys fan. 2 fans like this. 7 Minutes Ago  Unlike  Reply  Flag  Edit  Shub2308 Have three kids by a woman and don't marry her. Over charging for ugly shoes. Witness. King with no rings. 4 fans like this. 7 Minutes Ago  Unlike  Reply  Flag  Edit  Shub2308 Lebron walks around like he is the ishhh, you play basketball dude and your not even the best at that. He needs a slice of humble pie. An hour special to tell everyone where you are taking your talents. Referring to yourself in third person. Would you like me to continue. 2 fans like this. 9 Minutes Ago  Unlike  Reply  Flag  Edit
kobesmask::Why couldnt Lebron buy a 1 dollar lottery ticket? Cause he couldnt come up with the 4th quarter.,....  hahahahaha
JTCM71::It뭩 not like the Grizzlies didn뭪 go inside, either. They scored 60 points in the paint, or four more than the Lakers. They got off 49 shots inside. And were only fouled twice?
ACandOJ::Did you know that fastbreak layups count as points in the paint &amp; that the Grizz only had 4 dunks.  Let's not pretend like they were just throwing the ball in the post.  Most of their Points in the paint were 10 foot jumpers
JTCM71::I'm a basketball fan 1st and foremost...
Louie5547::im not going to lie i felt like last night there were alot of calls that werent called for the grizz it was almost like playoff bball the refs were letting them play hard at the end of the game...of coarse i only got to watch the 4th an the x2 overtimes
JTCM71::sure, it hurts the integrity of the game.  the superstar treatment is the reason nba is behind the nfl.
kobesmask::Woah the Grizzlies went inside? woah
Shub2308::U mad bro?
kobesmask::I dont know why people blame Lebron for choking.... He inherited it from his mom...
Louie5547::dammmmmmmmm thas cold blooded right there
Shub2308::It's funny they were breaking down film of the heat vs magic on espn first take.  It clearly shows that lebronna switched his pivot foot, it was so obvious and the refs didn't call a thing. Overrated #fact
Amaze76er::Phil jackson kobe is as good as jordan...jordan only player that deserves to be compare to me is kobe...Magic kobe is the greatest laker ever...Bird u wana play for to have fun n lose play with lebron u wana win rings play with kobe...shaq kobe the greatest player he ever play with...karl malone kobe is on his own level in his era..kobe name player of the decade all facts lebrick who??lmao
Amaze76er::Lebrick most overated player in nba history fact all nba fans agree with this
Amaze76er::Kobe avg 10points in the 4th...lebrick avg 2pts lmao
ZachC1965::34 FTs for the Lakers, 5 for Memphis...  Big-time wrestling was never as fixed as most Laker games...
kobesmask::hahahaha
jcw726::didnt know they didnt call fouls on jump shots.
Swaggin University::He likes Z-Bo so much he changed his name to zach..
ACandOJ::87 jumpers....20 in the 1st quarter alone.  U mad bro??
Sedale Threatt::he doesnt have cable or satellite to watch the games
Amaze76er::Most overated team ever clippers or heat???
Swaggin University::Wtf legit title?? When is a title not legit.. do explain
ACandOJ::87 jumpers....20 in the 1st quarter alone.  U mad bro??
Sedale Threatt::he doesnt watch basketball
ZachC1965::Gotta go with the Lakers...haven't won a legit title since '88...  Riding the refs...like last night--29 more FTs than Memphis!
jviramontes13::Hahaha, whatta a hater!!!  Lol,
Amaze76er::kobe 16pts in the 4th n overtime... lebricks chokes with 2pts in the 4th n overtime lmao
jviramontes13::I saw that.  LeChoke up to his old tricks again.
ZachC1965::Kobe might be the worst fourth quarter guy in league history...  we all knew he'd miss that last-second one...kind of like the Dallas series...
ACandOJ::Did you know he was gonna make the 3 to tie the game??
ZachC1965::Lakers: 34 FTs  Grizzlies: 5 FTs  Pretty clear the league pulls strings when it comes to the Lakers and the refs...
MCOBRA197::The wwwwaaaabulance is strong in this one.
JTCM71::Didn뭪 go inside?????   Grizzlies scored 60 points in the paint, or four more than the Lakers!!!
ACandOJ::Fastbreak layups count as points in the paint...22 points on fast breaks.  The others were 10 foot jumpers...watch the game &amp; stop liking your own post.  If you need a visual aid...look here:   http://www.cbssports.com/nba/gametracker/shotchart/NBA_20120313_LAL@MEM
jcw726::the lakers pg tripped on his own feet and got a "clear path foul" call. he didnt even get touched.
ACandOJ::My God....you mean the refs don't make 100% of the calls?!?!? Well...you can't review fouls...fact.  They were looking to see if it was a clear path since the foul had already been called...fact.  Since there was no defender in front of him at the time the whistle blew, its clear path....fact
jcw726::when youre standing next to someone you should be able to tell if someone touched someone else. also they reviewed the call so obviously you didnt watch the game. youre just reading stats.
ACandOJ::Wow...maybe the refs should carry slow mo replay screens with them so they can see what you saw...running at full speed everyone thought he got tripped, still looks close on replay
Sedale Threatt::just like Celtics fans crying after game 7
ZachC1965::You would've cried too if you won the title clearly, only to have 20 extra FTs for the other team decide things...
ZachC1965::Don't need to watch the game to see Memphis got screwed...  Nothing new...Kobe takes about 8 FTs a night on plays where he literally wasn't touched...
JEGRAY53::And shoot no free throws often when he gets fouled.
jbrown2452::Nah jvira - Zach just hates the Lakers..namely Kobe.. so he bashes them any way he can...
ACandOJ::When you shoot 87 jumpers...you don't get foul calls
jbrown2452::It's quite an odd situation I must say.. He's here win or lose. Most trolls only come out when LA loses.. He's dedicated to his cause to say the least...
jviramontes13::So if he's such a Lakers/Kobe hater, why is that all he talks about?  I think he really has a man crush on Kobe.
jbrown2452::yeah jvira - Zack is serious about hating on Kobe...
jviramontes13::Impossible to reason with someone who's determined to hate on Kobe.
ACandOJ::That's funny b/c they shot 20 jumpers in the 1st quarter alone....how bout a binky for the baby??
jbrown2452::Not even close... Anyone who's played organized ball knows that if your team is nothing but jump shooters, then you aren't getting as many fouls called because you aren't going to the rack.. Hoops 101...
Sedale Threatt::real basketball fans watch games, we dont need to read what happened in the game after
ZachC1965::when you never get a foul call it's easy to revert to jumpers...  wish you guys could be real about it, but I know that's asking too much...  memphis got totally screwed...
jviramontes13::Pretty clear you just read stats and not watch the games.
jviramontes13::Lakers been to the Finals 3 of the last 4 years, and won 2 of those.  What have the Grizzlies done in their whole existence??
jviramontes13::Cause the Grizz couldn't do anything with him.
ACandOJ::Which made your the Grizz better....your welcome
jbrown2452::Won a playoff series finally?
rebelfan901::gave you Pau
JEGRAY53::A Pau for a Pau.......................
C92400::Anybody see a problem with a team shooting a grand total of five (5) free throws in a double overtime game? I do.
ZachC1965::let's get real, when one team shoots 34 FTs and the other team shoots 5 (Five!!!) the game has been fixed, either by the league or by gamblers...
ACandOJ::The numbers are right above you...if the game was fixed, the Grizz were in on it
ACandOJ::Here's all you need to know as why they didn't shoot free throws:    Layups: 16-24  Jumpers: 29-87  Dunks: 4-4
C92400::i was there
C92400::I was there
BBFAN2008::I'll bet you didn't watch the game
C92400::I was there
Carebare5000::There needs to be a U.S. citizenship authenticator for this board,  there's way too many illegal aliens babbling about AMERICAN sports.
jviramontes13::Too bad, suck it up.  They're taking over and there ain't $@%! you can do about it.
shaqatastic::LOL Bynum shoots 83% and gets only 18 shots while KobME cryant shoots his usual abysmal 44% and takes 25 shots to score 34 points.
titans51090::he is saying they should have went to bynum even more he was unstoppable. if the lakers did that they would have the best record in the league
BBFAN2008::Kobe's shooting percentage is 7th in the league among all shooting guards.  How is that abysmal?
ZachC1965::That's a made-up stat...did you mean 37th..?
Sedale Threatt::i can tell shaqtastic doesnt watch basketball. just reads stats after the game
jbrown2452::Throwback!! Sedale was a monster..
jbrown2452::Andrew Bynum - 5 ft away from the basket... Kobe Bryant - 15-20 ft away from the basket... I'll let you figure out which shot has the higher percentage...
bloodfart_NYK::The Lakers didn't win this game the refs won it for them......5 god_damn fouls, and 2 were T's. Total crap.
ZachC1965::Lake Show is a joke...no wonder they've had more success than Memphis, clearly the NBA wants them to...
jviramontes13::WAh, wah, wah,.  Here's a tissue
jviramontes13::...
jviramontes13::..
jviramontes13::Don't cry fart.
ACandOJ::when you had Rudy &amp; Zach last year, you were 6 games over .500. Guess what you were after Rudy got hurt including the playoffs?? 6 games over .500. Guess what you are this year without Zach...7 games over .500. Please stop using the excuse that you lost b/c you didn't have both of them. Besides the records that I mentioned, you never have both of them.
BBFAN2008::But you didn't.  Just the facts dog.
jbrown2452::Well according to those that hate LA, the Lake Show is garbage anyway.. so why would you take pride in that you STILL almost beat us? LOL.. Nothing was lacking homes... They got beat...
C92400::no randolph, no gay, and we STILL almost beat you.  just the facts dog.
bloodfart_NYK::just the facts dog. I hope your not proud of that. 1st round exit....
jviramontes13::How 'bout them Lakers?
megan87119::What about that great comeback by the Lakers last night?
Lin_Diesel_17::Bynum is an $@%!$ BEAST! I wish he kept playing his heart out every game. He could be better than Dwight. He def has a better offensive game than him.. just wish he gave it his all every game. All Lakers need is a PG. I wish boston would trade Rondo to them for Gasol. Lakers would be instant favorites.
shaqatastic::Hard to play heart out night in night out when you are playing with ball hogging KobME Cryant.
JEGRAY53::Shaq is that you?
jbrown2452::Are you kidding me? If Rondo had a jumper then defenses would have to be honest because then they couldn't double Kobe, Bynum, or Pau.. You'd have 4 people on the floor that can score in multifacets..(with the exception of Bynum's 15ft range game)...
jbrown2452::Exactly... That's the problem with Boston now.. But Rondo has found a way to be able to penetrate... if he's not able to do that in LA then they are right back where they started...
ACandOJ::I agree with you....Rondo would really hurt the Lakers b/c teams would guard him like LA does.  Yeah he may have the occasional game that he hits a few jumpers but teams would sag in the lane all game
Lin_Diesel_17::lakers dont need another perimeter scorer. Lol. They just need an aggresive pg who can score.. run the offense and rebound. Rondo is perfect. Kobe can do all his perimeter shooting..
jbrown2452::I like Rondo.. but LA needs another perimeter scorer...  Rondo's jumpshot would have to come a long way...
DSeel23::12 fouls to Lakers, 27 to Memphis. Hmmmmm, typical
jbrown2452::AC what up?
jbrown2452::I stand corrected...
ACandOJ::34, 9 &amp; 5...
jbrown2452::The same bro.. passing time... Checkin to see how the Lake Show did... Looks like Kobe didn't really do too much..
ACandOJ::Supposed to be working...what's good??
ACandOJ::Here's all you need to know as why they didn't shoot free throws:  Layups: 16-24 Jumpers: 29-87 Dunks: 4-4
DeezBrown::Grizzlies are aggressive on the D-end. They lead the league in steals, so you've got to understand that some of those gambles, poking the ball away, and reach ins result in fouls.
aikens97::as a laker fan lets be honest there is no way in hell that we will win a title
ZachC1965::Lakers have a great shot at the title if the refs keep treating them like they have been...  34 FTs to 5 for Memphis...insane...
JEGRAY53::Laker Nation Grizzlies Nation get in where you fit in.
bloodfart_NYK::ur going to saying that same $@%! after they get rolled in teh first round. You'll be saying that same $@%! in 3 years "yeah but they won a championship....5 years ago" on the decline, Kobe is getting old, they already hate their "new" coach and management is a fuckign mess. But keep your picture of it cause it will be a long time before it happens again.
JEGRAY53::What kind of fan are you? St.Louis Cardinals and Boston Redsox. Cardinals fans root for only the Cardinals.
jbrown2452::Sounds like you're hatin... Let me know when the Griz can get past the Thunder...
bloodfart_NYK::he knows the truth. He isn't a homer. in a 7 game against the Grizz they would get ripped apart. Lakers will be lucky to get out of the 1st round.
JEGRAY53::Who are the Grizzlies? What have they won? Please..........  Kobe
jviramontes13::"as a laker fan",  Don't call yourself one, cause you ain't one
Shub2308::I always think my teams have a shot.
JEGRAY53::You're no Laker fan.
ACandOJ::They are a PG away....
DeezBrown::SF possibly Metta 1-7... but he will tweet that "I am shooting for 40% from three the last 11 games." GTFOH Metta
BBFAN2008::Gotta believe, thats what makes watching so fun, knowing you could win.
73Marcio::HAHA!!!!!!!!!!! Lakers bet those $@%!$ Grizzlies!
ACandOJ::Grizz fans, I want to say this to all of you....when you had Rudy &amp; Zach last year, you were 6 games over .500.  Guess what you were after Rudy got hurt including the playoffs??  6 games over .500.  Guess what you are this year without Zach...7 games over .500.  Please stop using the excuse that you lost b/c you didn't have both of them.  Besides the records that I mentioned, you never have both of them.  Remember when Knicks fans kept saying, "We have Linsanity, just wait til Melo &amp; Amare get back!!" How did that work out?? Sometimes you can add by subtracting...and teams always play hard when they are missing one of their best players.  Can anyone tell me the last time  Speights scored over 20 and the last time Gay played the Lakers he scored 19 points, Speights had 25, 7 &amp; 5.  So you weren't missing anything
bloodfart_NYK::ur an idiot.
ACandOJ::Back up what you say with facts or keep it moving junior....
edelspot::Can we all agree Lakers should send Mayo a "get well" card? Looks like he caught Kobe-itis.
mini dwade::<strong> http://hoopsgrind.com/ LATEST TRADE RUMORS -- Melo wants out of New York? Pau to Chicago? Ellis to be rerouted?  Sessions to Lakers?  Crawford to Clippers? </strong>
edelspot::knicks should just give him away. Talented though he may be, Melo just might be the single most overrated player in NBA. Plays no D. Doesn't make teammates better.
thegameisback1591::A team without their stars are the most dangerous believe that.
Be safe...wear a Jimmer::I went to a Grizzlies game last year at the FedEx Forum was so empty that this guy hollered "Zach" while Randolph was shooting a free throw and everyone on the floor turned around and looked over at the guy up in the stands like wow, there are people here? Good to see them playing well and getting more people to show up at the games.
Be safe...wear a Jimmer::I have been, thats why I said its good to see more people showing up
DeezBrown::It was only their third sell out of the year.   You're Welcome
Grizzfanmt::come to onne now
goldenboykobe24::YAY LAKARS AE GOING TO WIN IT AL AND KOBE MPV
dplunk18::Bynum may have played his way out of LA last night
Rambomonster9::Congrats to LA and your HUGE win vs. Memphis without their 2 best players (Gay and Randolph).  Barely won
Grizzfanmt::no matter $@%!$@% what it helps when rudy gay and zach randolph play dont act like pondexter and speights r just as good as rudy and zach it obviously has an affect as a grizzlies fan i would not b nearly as proud to say we beat the lakers without bynum and gasol in double ot
ACandOJ::All of your games this year have been without Randolph &amp; Speights had a Rudy game....now what's the excuse??  Rudy &amp; Zach never play with each other...next
dunkin57::How bout Brown needs to learn when to call time outs!! he cant let his team get behind by 17 points on the road before calling t.o!! This man has a lot to learn about coaching championship players!! This aint Lebron and Kobe aint 22 years old!!  We need a new coach!!
megan87119::How come before a game, everybody is like fighting with each other, but after a game the board is boring and everybody is nice to each other?
dunkin57::Laker fans aint NICE to no one!! Win or lose! If we lose, we talk greasy to the team that beat us, and if we win, wee RUB it in your FACES!!!
willpostbond::did anyone else see world peace straight swing at tony allen in the 1st half. That's like the only play I saw in the 1st half but allen technical free throws, but i went back and artest viciously swung at allen
jpmemphis23::I'd take Allen over Artest all day in a fight.
MadddSammyboy::Peace is a boxer by trade? I'm sorry- when has Peace ever boxed as a profession?
dunkin57::You must be punch drunk to say that!! Peace is a BOXER by trade!! Allen just is so ugly that it looks like he can fight!!
willpostbond::well i dont think artest actually landed the punch, but allen will be nominated for an oscar for his performance after the swing
BowFlexTCTGP::Not so fast.. Tony can scrap.. Artest is a joke..
ian3013::haha yeah i agree. but if it came down to it i honestly thing metta would tear tony in half.
willpostbond::I dunno it was such a hard swing i would think the nba would make a big fuss about it
ian3013::haha no allen is a big boy he will be fine.
ian3013::peace does not like allen one bit.
ian3013::what about it?
ian3013::this was a solid solid win. the grizzlies did not have gay but that does not matter because speights made up for it and gasol too. no matter what anyone says it is still a win and still a great comeback.
Grizzfanmt::and gasol was 10-25 from the field
Grizzfanmt::speights  didnt make up for two all stars being gone
BowFlexTCTGP::Lakers are a joke this yr.. They won't go far unless they make some big trade which looks like isn't gonna happen.. Switch gears from the horrible officiating to THE LAKERS NEEDED 2 OTs TO BEAT A TEAM WITHOUT 2 OF THEIR STAR PLAYERS!! Pathetic.. This shouldve been an easy W when news spread that Rudy was out.. HAHA.. Looks like the only challenge the Thunder will face enroute to the Finals in the West will be the Grizz..
Swaggin University::So if yall are the only one's to challenge the Thunder this yr (lol) then how is this win any less significant for the Lakers..
Grizzfanmt::u dont think we would have a better record with two of our best players here... ur a dumbasss to think they dont help and the only thing speights did was layups and mid ranged js dont forget darrel arthur grizzz would b 2 seed if they were healthy
willpostbond::no I saw marc post up down low at least 8 times and i only watched the second half and i wasnt even paying attention fully
ACandOJ::One thing I was taught when I 1st started playing ball was "the aggressive kid wins"  period...that hasn't changed.  If you're settling for jumpers (all players including the center), then you're not getting foul calls.  fair or not, refs notice these trends...if you're not being aggressive, you aren't getting foul calls. 22 of the 60 points in the paint were fastbreak layups.  the rest were short jumpers from 5-10 feet or running hooks by Gasol
willpostbond::its not like the grizz treated the paint like lava. I mean we were in there enough and marc shot enough in the paint to where he should've gotten at least one trip to the line
RenQuist-::That's how Metta always plays. See ACandOJ's comment below. It also applies to players known for their aggressive D
BowFlexTCTGP::THERE WAS CONTACT.. THAT IDIOT WORLD PEACE WAS OVERLY AGGRESSIVE LAST NIGHT.. PUSHING GUYS DOWN &amp; NOT ONE CALL
RenQuist-::That's not how it works. No contact, no foul.
willpostbond::well i mean you would make excuses with phantom clear path fouls and bynum falling down on his own calls. and i dont care how you twist it , 12 fouls in 58 min and 5 free throws (2 of them technical) would be hard to accept. and the last foul against the lakers was on pau with 7:12 left in the 4th quarter.
BowFlexTCTGP::U guys are idiots.. Take Kobe &amp; Bynum out last night &amp; laker fans would saying the same thing.. Come back &amp; see the Grizz when they're at full strength.. That means speights comin off the bench.. And the 3 headed monster back together (gay, ZBo &amp; Gasol)
ACandOJ::Because....its not like you have some level of success with both of them playing.  You have been just as successful with one as you have with the other, you have no clue if they would be better playing together this year.  That's the point.  You act like MEM had the best record in the NBA when they were both healthy &amp; now they are hurt.  When they were both healthy last year you were 6 games over .500, you were 6 games over .500 without Rudy the rest of the year...you're 7 games over .500 without Zach....now do you see??
BowFlexTCTGP::How do they not make a difference.. Every team is better with their best players healthy
ACandOJ::You can't use that excuse if those guys never play together...and the Grizz had the same win % with Rudy last year as they did without Rudy.  So stop acting like these guys make a huge difference...
RenQuist-::With pleasure, bring it on.
RenQuist-::Oh yeah, forgot to ask.. u mad bro?
SeaDog73::Really?  The Grizz are the only roadblock?   Nice try!    You guys finally win your first every playoff series last year and not you're the toast of the league?   LOL!
RenQuist-::Speights had a career night. Gay was hardly missed and ZBo has been out the entire season. Cry me a river dude. Everyone makes excuses when they lose to the Lakers. Nothing new.
ACandOJ::Once again, the Grizz aren't missing their "2 best players"...Gasol is clearly one of their 2 best players.  And Zach &amp; Rudy are never on the court together, so why does that matter??
CD Dogg::This MAY be the Showtime Era in reverse...  There, it was Kareem passing the torch to Magic...  This may be Kobe passing the torch to Andrew.   Wow, he's a hoss of a center!
doc_acc::The Lakers will win a lot of their road games is the other team is without one of its best players.  That said, I'll take the win.
CD Dogg::I think, after all, David Stern did the Lakers a favor, even though he strives mightily to help his bubby Lebron win a ring.
ian3013::will gasol be a lakers for the rest of his career?
sidthemagnificent::Yes and yes!!!
legacyreaper32::If you want to find a reason why Memphis lost, just look at OJ Mayo's stat line
