nnnnuuuuugggggeeeettttssss::PORTLAND SUCKS
ToTheTop61::Started using this betting system a few months back called SportsBettingStar.  In my first month of using this system I made almost $3,000 in profits.  If you like to bet on sports, I recommend this system to anyone that is tired of not winning your sports bets.  You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
ToTheTop61::I started following this online bet system called Sportsbettingstar a couple months ago. I have made about $3,000 a month since I started.  I was looking for a handicapper one night and just google searched for  Sports Betting Systems, it was there on the first page. Didnt seem legit at first but ended up being awesome.
Barrk_40::Lillard is such a beast...
tmoneyinmphs::Lot of home court calls to overcome last night for memphis.
Liquidplumrman::There were a lot of bad calls, period. Memphis got theirs in the 4th, the Blazers got theirs in the 3rd.
memphis kingpin::Grit and Grind Grizz Nation #1
AKsparky907::Great way to start off the road trip grizz.
TheBrownestBob::Damian Lillard = no defense = no chance for the Blazers until then.  Seriously though, next year or the year after Blazers are going to be perennial playoff contenders if they keep this starting lineup together.  Get a veteran bench and you'll be very hard to compete with.
randvek::Maynor was a good start, but the bench is still terrible. One of the best starting 5 in the NBA, but it all goes to hell when they sit.
kiwisamespnfan::Wes Matthews has shot below 40% in 22 games this year.   The starting line up after LA and Lillard shot a combined 6-25 (25%).  I want to die.
tmoneyinmphs::Tony Allen likes this post.
Kobelies247::Matthews shouldnt be a starter~  Just shows how bad this bench really is...
michael107117::With the way the Grizzlies and the Lakers are playing, I would love to see them face each other in the 3-6 match up. Fan of neither team but it would be such a great series. Both are getting better and better as the playoffs near
memphis kingpin::the series would be over in 5 or 6 Memphis way we a better team better system and the players trust and know there roles
b-train187::The Lakers are beating sorry teams.
Alex47666::see u grizz fans on friday
Kobelies247::Blazers couldnt of looked more disinterested then they did tonight....   PA you should sell while you still can....
49ersGoat::I like to make a lot of ignorant comments meant to $@%! off Blazer fans because I have no life......  Also, let me make sure that I use a lot of periods at the end of every sentence..........  -KobeLies
Liquidplumrman::Sell a team that has one of the best home attendances in the league? Yea that's smart....
Kobelies247::Cool story bro...........................
tmoneyinmphs::SABONIS !!!
doof54::Naw.  That was Marc Gasol... easy mistake.
Grindhouse2413::5 in a row, 13 out of the last 14. Denver fans keep hoping for us to lose and keep getting disappointed. Clips better be ready cuz I know our Grizzlies are.
mpres1973::What you fail to realize is...Just like me, meMPhis Grizzlies force you to play their game. If your a high scoring fan pleasing circus show team, we will grind you down to 85 or so points while you look at each other in disbelief.  By the way, money or rings cant buy you out of fear. Thats what happens when teams finally realize they wont be scoring 90+ against the Grizzlies. AND THEY WONT GRIND IT OUT.
tacostealer26::its hard to beat sub 500 teams over and over again. you lose focus after a while.
Alex47666::its hard to lose when u only play one team below 500
tmoneyinmphs::You're wrong which is no surprise.  Check the schedule.
jsbolden::We are going to invade Staples tomorrow. Beware the Bear. grizzNation has arrived!!
Grindhouse2413::aww you upset for seeing the Flamers lose up close and personal?
Kobelies247::LOL you wont win one game against the Clips.
memphis kingpin::one game??? kid get out of here you dont know what y'all going against and where the hell all these clippers fans come from??? where the hell y'all been for the last 27 years...Band wagon!!!!!
doof54::Tayshaun only needs 10 more points for 10,000 career points.
Lyvaniel::Thinking back about 18 games ago everyone was saying we where done &amp; dumb  ,look at us now grit and grind ,,all you  that think you know  what gonna happen you really dont know
Lyvaniel::Thinking back  about 18 games ago people that dont know the Grizzlies said we where done,,look at us now shut the fuc* up we play ball down in memphis
grooveholmes::Blazers need a new coach.
grooveholmes::I can't understand why Stotts is even being mentioned as COY.  He hasn't done terrible, but I believe this team would have at least 10 more wins if he new how to manage his bench.  Advanced metrics my a$$.  Dude hasn't put together a winning season ever.
romeo8880::Wozniacki looking very sexy on the tennis channel right now.
Grindhouse2413::Whew! Can I breathe now? Man that last minute lasted an hour! 31 assists on 39 makes is so amazing. Great game Portland. If we had hit more of our free throws this wouldnt have been as close. Tighen those up Memphis they will surely come in handy against the Floppers. Watch your fouls Marc. We need you. Congrats to Mike for the new career high in assists. MEMPHIS!!!!!
LaMarcus Aldridge::All my effort for nothing...  :(
Kobelies247::ya, its all about you! Always has been....
ClydeTheGlide_22::Why is batum playing this many minutes? he has sucked for about a month or more now
DISandDAT6::Farewell Grizzly fans...  good game.
Lugene Parker::Peace out!
DN123456789::no way the Nuggets its gonna catch the Grizzs..
mpres1973::They don't scare me. How's that sound?  I want to play the best first, it's what warriors do. I would rather tackle the beast early in the day than later.
memphis kingpin::Denver is the most scary team in the NBA honestly to me you don't know who gona beat you but they play hard,fast, and good defense and long and can jump out the gym and can shot and take u of the dribble honestly this team made up of players that would be second or 3rd best players on championship team and thats damn scary but my grizz can beat them i rather see OKC play Denver i want Golden state hell my grizz would get the first 4-0 series against them they hadnt beat us since i was in high school in 08
72Kobe::Wait till Friday. Frizzlies are in for a humbling experience.
Lugene Parker::Hats off to the grizz for getting this win!  Had the potential to lose this one on the road.  Love the focus of this team!  Grit N Grind all day!  Just keep grinding Portland.  We understand were your coming from.  Just got to load up on your bench.  The draft this year has some really good talent in the second round that would be some legit backups.  First round I wouldnt trust to much.   You guys are close!  Represent for the Western Conference!  Grind out Grizz Nation!
fosbe2009::Wow, so much for the Blazers being decent at home.
EvanParrish::20-10?
GoTigers2015::they are good @ home, Grizz are just beast
Everyday im Shufflin 290::GG blazers fans
GoTigers2015::Some teams like the Lakers aren't aware that 30 assists &gt; 30 points every time
GoTigers2015::Batum gets too many minutes to be giving inconsistent shooting
Everyday im Shufflin 290::Grizzlies vs Clippers is gonna be a good one
Celtics are too good::WCF yes it will
DISandDAT6::I'm fairly confused about Batum. F.ucker doesn't do anything anymore. Stop tryin to get overpaid then suck.
EvanParrish::first half of the season he was amazing. hes just in a bad slump
DISandDAT6::Yeah, maybe injury? I know that slowed him down but... still come on.
Michaelpastrami::was that the typical nba fix or did memphis really foul that last 3pt shot with like 20 seconds left
AKsparky907::The games aren't fixed. Bayless just makes stupid plays sometimes.
timothyearl05::did you say memphis, and the fix in the same sentence lmao yea right , like the NBA want us to win lol.
Michaelpastrami::im so sick of these college and pro games being fixed, its really a $@%!$@ joke
riodejeremy::yeah it sucks when youre on the wrong side of it :)  I was tonight
doof54::Bayless should have been smart enough to stay way, way away.  I am in Florida and I can hear Hollins still chewing him out from here.
slapshotcity123::questionable, they didn't show a replay of course
doof54::I watched a replay.
riodejeremy::Everyone was in on it
GoTigers2015::Bayless was in on the over, fouled clearly
riodejeremy::Fix  <b>Thats the first time ive clearly seen a case of a gmabling fix...</b>
DISandDAT6::I wonder what it feels like to be in the playoffs... :(
GoTigers2015::you'll know next year, got a good team, just need a good bench player
gotigersmemphis87::A good bench player? Just one?
Celtics are too good::you will find out in 10 more years
doof54::Lotta respect for the Blazers.  Good game guys. Tough.
Everyday im Shufflin 290::A weird ending to this game but we got the Win
GoTigers2015::Mike was clutch, Grizz still undefeated when scoring 100 or more and Z-Bo looked good and got some rest as well, now we just got to do it again ....
AKsparky907::Prince was clutch.
doof54::Right. Nobody played too many minutes. Good player management for the trip.
TanMan1992::3rd seed and rising baby
TanMan1992::yea for the clips
EvanParrish::4th seed tomorrow.
EvanParrish::sorry grizz fans, clippers winning tomorrow. DeAndre looking for his next victim, watch out Conley
CaptainInsano02::$@%! u $@%!$@%!
CaptainInsano02::Go munch on some dick
TanMan1992::Conley is not Knight lol
GoTigers2015::Dunks don't equate to championships, I'll let you have a high flying dunk at the cost of the game
Celtics are too good::funny guy
EvanParrish::... your team lost to the bobcats...
Dominic10002::Great win Grizz!!! New career high in assists for Mike Conley!!!!
Griss13ears::Good game Portland. Time to beat the F outta the Trippers!! GNG!!!
Dadsterbug::Right on schedule (just about).  At the beginning of the year I predicted 35 wins...tight on schedule.
Celtics are too good::Grizzlies and Celtics Finals make it happen David Stern
gotigersmemphis87::Celtics dont want that!
EricStratton_RushChair::Okay, it's official.  Let's tank so we get a lotto pick.  What is the place we need to land in order to get it?  12-14, it's not ours correct?
Ill-Blaze::the lotto is weak unless we get a top 5 pick witch won't happen at this point give the pick to the bobcats for $@%!$ sake no point in giving a future pick to them thats gonna deff be for a deeper draft this one is absolute garbage
DISandDAT6::I'm tired of losing
TanMan1992::Good Game Portland
w00ter92::they scored 33 points in 2 minutes... unbelievable. feel bad to whoever had the Under in this game
DISandDAT6::I'm tired of losing
WeAreTheMenInBlack::GRIND 'EM, GRIZZ!!!
slapshotcity123::What is that, wins in the last 14/15 games?
AKsparky907::13 of 14.
