Max::Wish I could have seen the game, but looks like I'll have to comment based on stats.  It looks like the Rox clogged the lane and made it very hard for the Celtic bigs (other than Bass).  Howard and Jones looked pretty good...it's a change Asik can't play the 4 with Howard, but Jones is really emerging as Howard's sidekick.  Good game out of Lin, I'm assuming Bradley had his way but I'm glad to see Lin's TO down, FG% up, and getting back to focusing on steals.
WSU Grad::I'm not a Beverly hater, but I think Kris Paul is better.
Mark::Gerald Wallace shoots 50% from the field, plays 20 minutes a game and probably average 6 points.  He isn't an offensive threat.  Last night 3 other guys weren't either.
Tony::I see the Rockets as a playoff contender to make it past the first round at least. As long as Howard remains healthy. They have the scoring ability, and with Howard anchoring the defense they look very good.
David::Remember before the season when Laker fan promised that Dwight Howard would destroy the Rockets?  Hasn't worked out that way, has it?
Ben::If the Rockets play inside out, using Howard more often offensively. And they embrace Lin as the PG, with his consistency, this team will be a contender.
jing::great game for Lin, sucks for McHale, his future plan for the team doesn't include Lin, and Lin playing well will make it more difficult for him to justify getting ride of Lin.
M.J.::Whenever Houston went to the 4th quarter, it tended to Harden's ISO game, a losing pattern. Should let Lin run the game for the whole, otherwise you're gambling on Harden's ISO play. Agree?
Fader Hawk::Lin is still top 5 exciting point guard to watch in the NBA League.
RS_CELTICGREEN_4EVER!::RSCELTICGREEN!! FEELS good to be back! This is a brutal season... This Celtic team play is hideous.. Jeff Green should be the Focal point on offense.. I love Stevens but eventually he's going to grow up with experience, on the offense running through your bread winner until Rondo is healthy.. Green is the man.. Why is this so hard to understand? He's inconsistent because of the team & coaching staff not allowing it... GO CELTICS!!!
