bamberg1977::Did you know NBA could change charge/block calls on replay? 2nd to last pistons possession of game they used it.   Problem is they used it for no reason and ended up getting it wrong. They overruled a block called on Gasol. Gasol was still getting set and not square when Monroe went airborn, but for some reason they wanted to review where his feet were. Another example of a league using replay and somehow getting it wrong!
knowlto::Knight and Monroe are turnover machines.  Knight is 6th in turnovers per game, Monroe is 8th.
bamberg1977::Not worried about Monroe, he has 2 season behind him proving he's not a turn over machine. He's been forcing this season a bit. His biggest issue is not willing to shoot the open J. Thats when he tends to force dribbles or passes.   Knight at least flashed his potential lately. Had a bad game, but 4 previous were great.   BTW, they're 22 and 21 years old.
TheJTram::Ehh I thought the Pistons battled hard against the Grizzlies in the 1st half, but knowing the Grizzlies with their "Grit and Grind", it just wasn't enough.
det_rules::so... is detroit bad?
earlealston::Not playoff contenders(yet), BUT not as bad as their record shows.
denn19641::The final scores looks deceiving regarding how the Griz starters played against us. I'm amazed on how they took advantage on our miscue and maximize their chances on the charity line. No wonder Spurs need to rest for this team. Though it's a huge factor to contain the stars of opposing team, this one proves to do better in other aspect. We still have not won against a Western Team on the road. Go Stones!!
danielc901::ESPN gives more press to hapless Lakers than dominant Grizz. Why am I surprised? Wait...I'm not. What a joke.
tigersfangoldandblue::Eh, I'm a huge Grizzlies fan but there is no reason us playing the Pistons should get special recognition. Now if they don't play up the Spurs game tomorrow then I'd be a little upset.
Jail Blazer::Detroit &gt; Everyone else
Grindhouse2413::I was at the game. My throat is raw from yelling for my Griz. The Pistons were play very competitive in their last eight games. Good job getting a lead, keeping it, and putting the game away. So proud of my Griz. Huge game tomorrow night! They are rested, no excuses Spur fans....
RWTigersLionsGoBlue::winning 5 of the last 9 and being competitive in the loses shows what this team has in it's core.  need to get rid of guys like charlie v, prince, and stuckey, but singler, knight, drummond, and monroe make for a pretty good core.  just need one guy who can make his own shot with consistency and a few better role players to fill in.
knight_rider_1983::Nobody beats the Grizz!!!! Nobody beats the Grizz
Mr. Bradford::Grizzles: 31 points off turnovers. Man, that can catch up to ya pretty fast.   Pistons: 40 points in the paint. Minus their free throws, that's only 62 points from the Pistons this game. That's only 22 points from outside the paint. They need to shoot from the perimeter a LOT better or their woes will continue.
emthomasjr::Conley with 6 steals?  Dang!  Did they count the one where he stole it from Monroe clean then Monroe ran over him and they called a foul on Conley as one?  I can't remember an entire 6, but then again I was at the game with my 2 yo and 10 month old so they could have had lingerie league basketball at halftime and I could have possibly missed it.
jasondmce1978::Is Lawrence Frank that obsessed with defense he can't realize that Villanueva is putting up huge offensive numbers in limited minutes?
PackerKnutts::One night, Stephen Jackson tried to stay awake, because he was too scared to fall asleep after watching the Blair Witch Project. He tried drinking some Pop with caffeine, but it didn't work. So off he went to Duncan Donuts for some coffee, but there was only one parking spot left. It was on the street, and he wasn't a very good parallel Parker. So Stephen decided to go back home and watch the ManU vs Chelsea game, but he couldn't get the cable to work. He had to Neal down to see what was wrong. He found that his cable Splitter had been chewed through by the dog! He had to rewire it himself, connecting all the wires, including the Green one. But he didn't realize the lines were still hot and shocked himself. He yelled, "Diaw, that hurt!" Then he fell asleep and woke up with a Bonner.
RZA_CONSOLE::anyone want to trade drummond for b.j mullins?
ImABayouBengal::OMG can my pistons have one winning season? o my god...
det_rules::yeah dude we used to win back in the day (only like 5 seasons ago)
denn19641::Bad Boys Era have 5 straight Conf Finals that includes 3 Final Trips, 2 titles and most notable of all, sent MJ and Company  packing for three consecutive years.  2004 Pistons could be more but no thanks to Big shot Bob and LB leaving early.
RWTigersLionsGoBlue::they just had one of the longest streaks of dominance in NBA history.  6 straight conference finals...they are only a few years removed from that.  rebuilding takes time.
GoBlueRaidersGo25::Four in a row. That's the way I like it. Now let's beat the Spurs tomorrow
rc021363::Congrats Cavs fans for the Big Win over a great Hawks team!
Grindhouse2413::I second that. I went to their conversation and said the same thing. Nice one Cavs
Its_All_About_Sports::YESSSS grizzlies win!!! and the cavs lol its a gooooood night
detroit dave93::OK, to be honest Memphis is a very good team, even when they are not at their best they know how to do just enough to win anyway. Grizzlies are a class act, good luck against the Spurs.
Grindhouse2413::Thanks Detriot. Good luck this season. Go Griz!
emthomasjr::Matt Dollinger - The team's offensive balance and defensive grit is reminiscent of the Pistons teams that made it to the conference finals six straight years and won a title in 2003-04. Detroit proved you don't have to play hero ball to win a championship. Now another small-market team is following that recipe for success.  Read More: http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/2012/writers/matt_dollinger/11/30/nba-power-rankings-memphis-grizzlies-miami-heat/index.html#ixzz2DmQvHr4a
sasha_lu::Takes a class act to recognize one.  Cheers, Dave, and good luck to your Pistons!
denn19641::How did Greg M got 7 TOs?
detroit dave93::Some one just said, I wonder how Memphis will look against the Spurs. I don't know but one thing is for sure. The Spurs should be VERY WELL RESTED. LOL
rc021363::Yea, but at a cost of $250K.  LOL  That is OK, that will only make the Grizzlies play harder, and hopefully the Grizzlies can pull out a win.
denn19641::Pistons was able to hold Grizz starters except for jr. Its the TO that kill our chances.
machinegunkelley80::bad game grizzles. think we were saving energy for 2mrow. win is a win now lets go get the spurs. hope to see you back allen, we are going to need you
go cavs275::Memphis fans, your GM made an absolutely HORRIBLE trade when he traded Jeremy Pargo and a2nd rounder for DJ Kennedy, who is absolutely terrible.  PS: Tell him I said THANK YOU because he is lighting it up for the CAVS!!!!
emthomasjr::Pargo was absolute dog feces when the played for the Grizzlies.  He is a good, aggressive, score-first PG that starts.  He is absolutely bootylicious at coming off the bench and being a facilitator as a back up PG, which is what he was asked to do the most of the time.  If you recall at the beginning of the season last year Mike Conley got hurt rolling his ankle and was out several games.  Pargo started and actually was solid.  He was just absolutely horrid coming off the bench; he's not a bad player when he is in a system that works for him.  He is atrocious when he is not.  That's why the Grizzlies paid the Cavs to take him.  There is nothing that bad wrong with the Grizzlies system and nothing too bad about Pargo either, it was just a poor fit, just like with OJ Mayo.  He couldn't get waived because he had a guaranteed contract - I know, we too were fooled by his strong early showings.
go cavs275::Well, i mean he was a rookie last year, he needed time.
machinegunkelley80::so what, they both are role players who havent figured out their roles
go cavs275::Pargo is better than Selby.
machinegunkelley80::josh selby is next
htownse1::LOL Cleveland fans are happy to have Pargo??? This city used to have Lebron James and this is what it has come too!...must suck to be a Cavs fan.  Go GRIZZ.  Grit and Grind nation over here!
go cavs275::LOLLLLLL why wouldn't we be happy when he scores 22 pts on 9-13 shooting and wins us the game.....and if you didn't know we have Kyrie Irving, our team is on the rise.
rc021363::Pargo just did not seem to fit in the Grizzlies' system.  Pargo played PG as a backup to Conley, but could never get going, not sure why.  Glad Pargo is doing well with the Cavs.
go cavs275::Yeah he probably wouldn't but its nice to have 3 solid PG's and he basically gave him away and then some.
machinegunkelley80::if youd take pargo over bayless best of luck to you. before this year did you even know who he was? take your trade and move on, dont come back trying to rub it in our face like it was the worst trade ever.
go cavs275::You could've waived him and not gave up anything or kept him and not got bayless, and honestly Pargo plays solid defense and when we need him to be is a solid distributor.
machinegunkelley80::how good of a second round pick do you think your going to get. he wasnt lighting it up last year so how could we have got more
go cavs275::Just because he wouldn't have got playing time doesn't mean you give him away with a 2nd rounder to get rid of him.
machinegunkelley80::we all knew he could score, on the grizz you need more than just one dimesion to your game. like i say he wouldve never got any playing time
go cavs275::Well he dumped him via trade so he traded him....and Pargo definitely doesn't suck check his stats.
machinegunkelley80::if pargo was in memphis he wouldnt have seen the floor this year. who do you think is going to see the floor between conley, bayless and pargo
AKsparky907::Can't really criticize what a gm did when his team is 12-2.
go cavs275::Not  saying hes bad obviously the Grizz are really good but just saying that it was a one really bad decision.
icepik1234::lionel was dumping pargo...not trading him
machinegunkelley80::lol they both suck. if he was in memphis he wouldnt get any burn
JohnWilkinsonJr::New NBA Policy.  Grizzlies, I see you had 3 DNP Coach's decision.  You are fined $5,000 for each one, for a total of $15,000.  Pistons, you are fined $5,000 for each one of the no-account players you did play tonight.  Lets see... that'll be $45,000 for you.  Please pay the cashier on your way out.  Hadn't heard about the new policy?   I just made it up.  For the good of the game.  Don't like it?  Bite me.  David Stern
951Antonio::Word up Memphis!
tracyllrkn::Pistons fans, why isn't Drummond playing more?
det_rules::he's still pretty raw. Needs work from what I heard.
E_Fonz::Frank sucks........thats all
951Antonio::Trying to bring him along slowly.  The Pistons need a coach like Bill Laimbeer to work with him.
Philip3664::Frank wants to bring him along slowly
detroit dave93::That 4th quarter was pathetic, 14-12. The Pistons didn't even need to be hot in the 4th, all they needed was to get warm and they would have won. That's OK they are doing much better, especially their defense, If they can start taking care of the ball on offense they will be just fine. If they can do that they will beat Dallas tomorrow night. Keep your chin up Pistons and give'em hell in Dallas.
doof54::Grizzlies doing just what was required to get the win.  Travel and a big game coming up. you know.
Rsp2008::B.K. 6  T.O.'S  Monroe 7 T.O.'s...can't win against good teams like Memphis doing that
machinegunkelley80::they create those
MemphisTn7414::Good game Piston.
H.J.I.C.::Memphians, what's up with Tarik Black? And does anyone care if he stays? He's underachieved too much.
icepik1234::22 turnovers in a game without Tony Allen? Thats impressive
Grindhouse2413::thats just grit and grind baby. its in our blood
Rsp2008::Drummond is at his best when Bynum is throwing his loops
H.J.I.C.::Do the Grizzlies get to WCF this year?
Griss13ears::Yes
H.J.I.C.::If we beat the Spurs tomorrow night, I might believe it.
rc021363::Good luck to the Pistons on their game against the Mavericks tomorrow.  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!!
JimMoss360::I've been out of the loop on the Pistons lately...Does Drummond ever play at the same time as Monroe, and...does Brandon Knight usually get more assists than zero?
Everyday im Shufflin 290::Grizzlies vs Spurs Saturday night can't wait
Griss13ears::Stern should fine ZBo for not showing up today.
Griss13ears::Agree. Used to it with Rudy.
H.J.I.C.::Rudy Gay too, I might add.
Everyday im Shufflin 290::At least we got the win
Drew0288::14-12 in the last quarter. That's like an old Pistons game. Except they used to actually win those.
Griss13ears::Good game Pistons. Super glad u guys couldn't hit shots either or we might have been toast.
Philip3664::It was a good effort tonight by the Pistons. Grizzlies made them turn the ball over numerous times which is what they are good at. Too many points given up off those turnovers. Gotta get better at that. GG Grizzlies fans.
rc021363::Piston's Monroe helped the Pistons stay in the game with 17 pts., Pistons made the Grizzlies work for the win.
machinegunkelley80::man that was a ugly game. good way to close out memphis
Drew0288::Dammit, Monroe narrowly missed a doub-doub
Stevo6899::another great second half by the pistons. they need to learn to finish games,
detroit dave93::I agree, they have the same problem the Lions have. can't finish.
Everyday im Shufflin 290::GG Pistons
Rsp2008::get rest Grizz's...you will need it...and these reffs! yikes
2215Tommy::Great game back at you Memphis fans.  Pistons could have put up a better fight, but hey.  Thats they way it goes sometimes. Good luck against San Antonio tomorrow.
rc021363::This is a good game for DA to get his game leg again, and tonight DA looked a little like his old self.
