Kevin::It's pretty safe to say that the Grizzlies will be on the very bottom of the division this year. I know it's early but they have only played one solid game so far. Nobody on the bench is worth a $hit and there is more confusion on the court than I have ever seen before. Not too sure if it's the new coach or if the players just don't care. Either way, the team sucks and nobody in Memphis will pay to watch them.
thinking out loud::I said this  a couple months ago when the Grizzlies fans was talking about how they're a championship team.   The Grizzlies topped out last year. That's the best they will ever be. They don't have a superstar to get them over the hump. They need a Dirk or Durant type player/scorer to be a serious contender. Someone who can take over the game when needed. If they ever get into the finals is would be pure luck, like injuries on the other teams or something.
Jeff::Finally Casey tightened up the rotation.  Very glad to not see Landry on the court
Darth Apollyon::Grizzlies are missing something.  Ah, right, Hollins.   About the Raptors, good win, but the number of assists per game for that team is worrisome.  Individual play is easier to stop than team play.  However maybe it will be good enough to reach the playoffs, with things as unpredictable as they are in the lower end, although I doubt it.
Amir::Memphis had nice defense last year, like European teams (only thing good in Europe basketball), now they have average NBA defense and European offense, where is that coach from last year?
Isaac M::That is the most unfortunate picture and headline combination I have seen in a while.
PKM::Interesting to see Memphis lose at home to a Canadian team.
tramguy::Toronto has good company tonight with another garbage team!
donald::Conley is playing like an all-NBA PG but the rest of the starting lineup are playing like their legs are in quicksand and their heads are full of cough syrup
Deric::im not a memphis fan, but its sad what the front office has failed to do with this team.
