Bullsaretherealdeal.::http://www.nba.com/bulls/news/bulls-blackhawks-uni...   Micheal Jordan is Jesus because he spead the word of the Bulls organization, like the wind powered initiatve, to the far reaches of the globe. If people chanted "wind,mill,power," instead of "Lets, GO, BULLS", whenever a bulls player windmill dunked (think playoffs) . . . . . Humanity would immedeatly invent warp drive and Mars would look like Earth in about 20 years,Belive that!. Alpha Centauri . . . ENGAGE! Turiaf, 20 minutes of poster time!!! OHHHHH!!! YEAHHHHH!!!! SNAP IN TO A SLIM JIMMM!!!l
Cards4071::Is this board officially dead?
Danny74068::I think so.
Danny74068::Derrick Rose:  A Rose you don't want to Reckon with!!!!!!
Packnation21::6 straight road losses for Cryami, yet ESPN still all on their dick about how they will win it all, overrated talent
Danny74068::Should the Bulls look for another SG this Summer?
Cards4071::They should get stilts for JL3 and have him play SG
Cards4071::That's why they get him stilts.
Danny74068::Only problem is that JL3 is not that big to defend SG position.  He wouldn't be able to contain Wade.
Scalabrine FOR THE WIN::JL3 &gt; J.Teague
Erica6592::Opponents should fear the Thibs instead of fear the Heat!
Danny74068::Errbody getting Thibsy.
Lord Of Da Bulls::Damn Bulls playing so well now....gonna be scary when the reigning MVP comes back into the lineup. This team has improved since last year and are playing with a chip on there shoulder....NBA FINALS HERE WE COME
Lbmckinnie::Oh heat trolls
Thetruth694::Funny. I heard the same thing last year. Wonder what happened....oh yeah I remember now.
tukmounties::"gonna be scary when the reigning MVP comes back into the lineup."  You heard that last year? Riiiiiight.
Danny74068::Where did everyone go?
Danny74068::Well, the good news is that it will be hard for coaches to think of a game plan to stop the Bulls since they yet haven't seen them play at full strength..
Danny74068::I sometimes even wonder if this is all part of a big master plan...
RyanCarranza::What if Scal just came in and was like... "Yo, guys I have been bluffing this whole time.  I am actually the best player in the league."  and he just comes in and s.h.its on everyone?
Danny74068::Could there be....... another mamba????????
RyanCarranza::Thibs is yoda in disguise and has a master plan he is waiting to reveal come playoffs...
RyanCarranza::That is something I was thinking about with my friends last night as we were watching the game.  It will be interesting to see how teams try to match up considering we have only seen the actual lineup like 7 times this entire season.
Cards4071::Rose just started running on a treadmill on Sunday, let's not push him guys. Let's beat OKC like we beat other teams, lock down D and good team ball.
Cards4071::Westbrook is just a taller JL3. He's athletic and quick, but he hardly passes to by far the best scorer in the league.
RyanCarranza::Westbrook likes to think he is Durant.
RyanCarranza::I am just being a little selfish... I want to see him go up against Westbrook
53Kevin::If he ain't healthy,I don't wanna see Rose out there.
RyanCarranza::Of course I want him to be healthy and i hope he gets healthy
Danny74068::Derrick Rose in 3D:  Cool picture:  http://www.athletesin3d.com/product_images/h/105/rose-2__62508_std.gif
Chong1423::If people think it is fair to compare last year's Bulls to this years Bulls, then i  guess it would only be fair to compare last year's Heat with this year's.  I guess we'll be seeing them crumble again.
Thetruth694::Chong which team did you mean by crumble? The Bulls in the East Finals or the Heat in The Finals? lol
tukmounties::Either way, neither team got a ring. Is that something you *really* want to brag about?
RyanCarranza::I truly hate when people assume that what happened last year is the only possible outcome again.  Because the same team wins the title every year too, right?!  So stupid...
Erica6592::Ok so, from what I just read on Bulls.com, it is assumed that D-Rose will NOT play on Sunday! *sigh* If that is the case, the D has to be d*** near perfect, The number of TO's must be low, and someone has to shoot lights out. I know I am thinking ahead here but I am just sayin
Erica6592:::)
Danny74068::I guess we'll have to wait until the Bulls - Thunder Finals: :)
Erica6592::awwww, we all miss the kid. I wanted to see a D-Rose/Westbrook showdown too! :(
Danny74068::Erica keeps breaking my heart and we are not even a couple.
Erica6592::At the point, no one know when he will be back. *continues to sigh* It will be very difficult for the bulls to match the thunder's speed and athletism without Rose
Danny74068::Well, the health of any person should always come first...
Erica6592::"I would be surpriesed if Rose plays on Sunday against OKC" "My guess is that he will play April 5th against Boston at the earliest"-Sam Smith!
chadhenne07::seriously, i heard rose and rip will be back friday.....
pspank1::Naw just Rip
Danny74068::Erica!!! I was looking forward to that game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  This is a sad sad day.
53Kevin::Look guys,I wanna see Rose out there as much as you in this game,but not at the expense of possiblly losing him for the year for the sake of playing against Westbrook in a Regular season game if he still aint at least 90% healthy.You may get your chance to see Rose vs Westbrook,hopefully in the Finals.Then it will be more than one game with them going head to head.The Bulls will just have to get there.It's on them.
chadhenne07::are u serious
iskydodgei::people who hate rose are just jealous hes not on the heat
bleucalhoun::Call me crazy but... The bulls play better without D-Rose. There's much more ball movement instead of, "I'm gonna drive to the basket, make a crazy move and pray it goes in (cause I'm so awesome) or that I get the foul call."  That being said, they still need him for the post-season.
RyanCarranza::Bulls are better with Derrick Rose
bleucalhoun::If that's true (I haven't looked that up) then my bad. But from the games I've seen (only a few since I live in NY), it looks as if more players are getting involved in the offense. Shoot, even Boozer is getting his.   But you may have a point.
chadhenne07::okay, yea bulls were #1 in every catagory when rose was in, the bulls play great team ball with him and without him, they are just a great team, but no, they are not better without him
chadhenne07::bleucalhoun, there is not more ball movement without rose, since rose has been out bulls stats have dropped in every catagory,.......points per game, assist, opp. points per game, we are not a better team without him, we have been winning those games with defense, we were 1st in assist when rose was here, and now we are like 5th without him
chadhenne07::bleucalhoun..............$@%!.......AND GTFO
chadhenne07::thats cool, but im getting tired of people saying that, the bulls are not a better team without rose
bleucalhoun::LOL WOW. Did I say "D-Rose is a bum. He's terrible." No. I'm actually a fan of his game. Relax.
Danny74068::CRAZY!
bleucalhoun::I figured someone would've. LOL   But seriously, this just goes to show that the Bulls' defense is largely responsible for their winning ways. What's their record without Rose? Against winning teams? Stats don't lie...
SamuelQbell::Marvin Williams is a bust.. I love it when one of my Duke guys hand it to those current Carolina bumbs in the NBA.
Blood on the Tracks::Has any college produced numerous sustained All Stars?  Half the all stars didn't even go to college
Blood on the Tracks::Yes, and Howard.  And Garnett.  And Josh Smith.  And Bynum.  And Amare.
GrizzK4::And KG, Dwight.....
chadhenne07::like who kobe and lebron ????
iskydodgei::^ coming from the guy with chad henne as his username rofl
chadhenne07::and what about leigh ????..........roflmao
chadhenne07::like i said, duke players dont do good in the nba, they suck, they are just college bums,........carolina smoked them last game and was up almost 30 points in duke stadium
chadhenne07::duke sucks, name a duke player that will go to the hall a fame lmao
SamuelQbell::How many Carolina players are all stars of today, matter of fact how many players does Carolina have in the League as of today. Not more than Duke. Where is Sean May and Mcants? Bust like I said.
chadhenne07::my  favorite player from duke is loul deng
chadhenne07::grant hill if he didnt get hurt would have been great
bleucalhoun::LOL A stretch, but I'd say Grant Hill and MAAAAAYBE Elton Brand.  But Injuries, man. SMH
chadhenne07::duke's best player ever is christian latener
bleucalhoun::Why? Cause it's usually the other way around? LOL How many Duke players have become All-Stars since coach K took over that program? And then take that number and tell me how many of them sustained it for their entire careers...  Yeah...
Blood on the Tracks::Why hold coach K responsible for their professional career?
butasports::buy the lephone, only vibrates no ring http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/p/best-nba-memes.html
Danny74068::So Bull fans. Who do you think will be playing us during the 1st round of the playoffs if we stay at 1 seed?
sjr1893::Knicks, knocking them out of the playoffs would be a great start
GrizzK4::I think the Knicks will stay there, the Bucks just don't have enough to get over the hump. I'm kind of hoping the Knicks move up to 7th and play the Heat, never know if the talent they have could explode or not.
mbatkiew::They can't and the Bucks traded two guys they didn't play for two very good players at the deadline. They're also 7-3 in their last 10 games. They're a better overall product than the Knicks.
mbatkiew::Milwaukee. The Knicks are terrible and going to collapse (again) at any moment. Either way, it should be an easy 1st round for us.
Erica6592::There is something special about this team! As someone posted several times in a number of forums, I believe that it is: 1. Heart 2. Hustle 3. Muscle 4. SWAGGER!
Danny74068::I like it, and I bullieve it.
sportspotpourri::Love the big minutes and game scenario time the bench is getting late in the year. But the Bulls are going to need Rose and Hamilton to get and STAY healthy for this to mean anything in the playoffs.
SonnyBlack45::It was around this time last year that everyone jumped on the Bulls wagon..They were winning every game, and looked like a better team than the Heat. That is until they played when in the East Finals, when it actually matters... It is shaping up just like last season. It will be fun to see Bulls fans crushed again. You'l see, you'll see...
Thetruth694::Bulls fans won't like what SonnyBlack is saying but he's got a good point. I don't put too much stock into what happens in the regular season because everyone knows that the hottest team going in to the playoffs usually competes for the championship.  The Bulls are definitely playing like a better team this year than last year but I can make the same case for the Heat.  All scores will be settled in the playoffs. Just like last year.
chadhenne07::sonnyblack .....GTFO
RyanCarranza::If you look at the stats from last year and compare them to this year... You will see that the Bulls are really a lot better.
SonnyBlack45::*in
pspank1::lol that's the funny part...lol
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::funny how heat fans act like they won something last year, why is that?
Danny74068::If you want to go by last year... I guess the heat will also choke in the Finals huh?
Thrill_Billy::I would really like to see the Bulls play the Thunder in the Finals.
Erica6592::Me too!
Danny74068::What's up Erica!
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::looks like Rip is coming back just in time to get in the flow of things and get his legs under him for the playoffs, if he can stay on the court the rest of the way this pick up will not have been a bust
Choose your member name::Bulls Bench Mob &gt; Any starting 5 in the league
tukmounties::Saying it's "a bit of a stretch" is a bit of a stretch in and of itself.
GrizzK4::That might be a bit of a stretch! But they could probably take at least half of the league. They easily outclass every other bench out there.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::You can never make a sensible argument that this team is better with out it's best player. all you can say is how far this team has come under Thibs 2nd year as coach, you got to give him credit for what the bulls are doin, he has everyone believing in they're  Roll and playing hard no matter what that roll might be. and just like everyone else Rose will do what ever is needed to help the team win, if thats scoring 35 points or scoring 15 points or sitting on the bench while the bench mob takes over Rose has proven he will do whatever Thibs wants him to do.
Heritage Champion::Ok fellas, it's been fun. Time to get in a good ole workout. Be easy.
GrizzK4::Thanks for inciting a riot :P
DaInvincibleKid::at this point trade him for d12 and just be dominant
GrizzK4::Heritage. I understand where you're coming from. Last year, the Bulls WERE a one-trick pony. You stop Rose, you stop the Bulls. He took over every facet of the team, and nobody else even tried to step up. He showed incredible leadership and poise and that is why he won the MVP. Nobody meant more to his team's success than him! He shot a lot, he scored a lot, the Heat figured it out in the postseason and they were toast.   But this year. With a full year under Thib's system, they know their roles better, they trust each other more. Even though the results are similar, this is a totally different team than last year. With or without Rose, they are 2nd in the league in assists. Their scoring differential is tops in the league, even though Rose is scoring less. Deng/Boozer/Noah have stepped it up in the scoring department, and the Bench Mob has only settled in even more and become a dominant force that changes the flow of games.   They have a great team, and Rose just enhances that, the record shows that. 28-6 when he's playing? That's insane. 13-5 while he's been out is even more insane! He isn't as valuable as he was last year I agree, but only because everybody else has stepped up during his absence. It's great to see and I am very excited to see how the whole team meshes once D-Rose and Rip come back. It could be scary good.
nrabond007::awesome, major props, ArcusProtus
ArcusProtus::and nobody ever claimed MJ wasn't the best player in the league when Scottie led the team to 55 wins in '94.  Just because a team is good without their superstar in one year, doesn't mean that superstar wasn't the most valuable player in the league the year before.
Heritage Champion::On most points I agree with you. Except for the leadership aspect. As a point guard of an NBA team, a truly effective leader facilitates offense for his teammates, not freezes them out. He prepares them to contribute in the clutch, not take it upon himself to shoot over double and triple teams. The Bulls didn't have to be a one trick pony last season. And they have been this season also, with Rose in the line-up. It's only in his absence that the world gets to see what myself and many others have known for the past few seasons, the Bulls have a very talented TEAM.
bisch55::fixed it, that's what i was tryin to say
GrizzK4::That's where I disagree, he has been much more patient this year. When he's been double- and triple-teamed, he's found the open man. Deng hits just as many if not more game-winners or daggers because Rose has found him alone in the corner. The point guard position is evolving into a much more athletic hybrid, you want the best player with the ball in his hands. Rose IS the best player on the team, and others feed off of it. Note how Chris Paul has declined and you never hear about Nash or Rondo anymore. They are still sweet, but their teams are fading. Westbrook and Rose are the two most athletically gifted point guards I've ever seen, and it's no coincidence that their teams have the 2 best records in the game.  You keep saying they're a one-trick pony whenever Rose plays, but usually there are statistics to show that. All the stats, the proven facts, show otherwise.
Gex.2::number one WITH**** rose, number 4 without.
bisch55::I'm confused, the Bulls were number one in assists with Rose, I don't understand the point your trying to make
ArcusProtus::exactly.  last year: 12th in Off. Efficiency.  This year: 4th.  Last year: middle of the pack in assists.   This year: 3rd.  THis is not the same team.  And don't claim Rose being out is the reason for it - we were FIRST in the league in assists per game with him, and have FALLEN to third with him out.
GrizzK4::My bad, missed the assists number :P
bisch55::It will be scary good, and that's what you need to win a title, Jordan was a the greatest ever, but this is a team game and no one has ever won a title by themselves, Bulls supporting cast is finally stepping up and with the way we play defense that is very scary for the rest of the league. Rose is our trump card
Heritage Champion::You have Rose fans... then there are true Bulls fans...
mjes2322::Lol you should find quotes and clips of Thibs saying how he has instructed Rose to go and continue to shoot. Also along with Deng who stated around the same thing. The thing here is, is that without Rose the bulls have finally learned what it is to not depend on him. As any great program should do if their superstar goes down. Rose is sitting sideline watching every one of these games and seeing how his team is doing without him. He I'm sure is and has learned alot about them as well. When Rip and him come back and get reunited within the team...There will be no one on that Bulls Roster who can't come in and score right away literally. I feel like the Bulls are the spurs years ago, but instead of Duncan its Rose as the superstar. People are getting to witness a master in Thibs and a great team altogether.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::you really want to tell a scorer not to score?
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::CP3 only gets .8 more assists than Rose but no one will call him selfish, do I sense some hate?
Cards4071::The lakers would be better without Kobe. I don't have stats to back this up. In those four minutes he was benched they seemed to play team ball. TRADE KOBE. Oh wait he's their superstar and my argument has no validity? Oh well...
Carl83211::Numbers dont lie! But they dont tell the whole story
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::Gex posted this earlier:  bulls point differential was higher with rose  bulls PPG was higher with rose  bulls assists was higher with rose  bulls points allowed was LOWER with rose  bulls win% was higher with rose
makos96::That's all the haters can cling to is that the Bulls are damned good without Rose.  And they twist that as far as they can.
bisch55::exactly, even hollinger just wrote an article about how the Bulls are basically the same defensively but about 7 points per 100 possesions better with him on the court
kishman47::Heritage Champion (aka Skip Bayless) GTFO man. Go do something else instead of sitting around here trolling. Go suck off Teblow some more hehe
Heritage Champion::Exactly! Read your own post fella! You said it best. And I quote you Danny-boy, "Now that he's been out the Bulls have learned to score and move the Ball."... That speaks volumes about his deficiencies as a point guard... VOLUMES... Those were your words Danny...
PeteyC25::"The bulls have learned to score and move the ball without Rose"
Heritage Champion::But they still play excellent without him... so there is no need for him to shoot as much as he does while freezing out his teammates. But he still does it anyway. As a point guard especially, that constitutes SELFISHNESS...
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::Rose only is averaging 22 ppg, thats way down from last year so what do you want him to do, turn into Rondo?
Cards4071::Look at any stat. The bulls are better with Rose. Bring a real argument to the table.
Heritage Champion::That's all I've been sayin. The Bulls play better TEAM ball without Rose!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
makos96::CWY CWY CWY...which team of yours did the Bulls dismantle without Rose?  With Rose, they win by 65.  Your team sucks.
bisch55::They were the top assist team in the league with him, please tell me in a semi-intellingent way how they are better without their best player?
Carl83211::Rose is a fantastic player , but I just wonder if he deserved that mvp last season. Its quite clear that he never carried the team , they are just a good team .
nrabond007::I have been as well, and to be honest this is the best Bulls team I have ever seen
Heritage Champion::Naw Grizz, you are clearly in denial. I know you katts understand, you just don't want to. And it's because you're Rose fans, not Bulls fans. I'm a true Bulls fan. Have been for over 20 years.
Carl83211::Listen I aint hatin , just my opinion and who the hell is heritage?
GrizzK4::I think Heritage just created a new account.
Danny74068::You cannot compare last years bulls to this years bulls. Last years bulls depended solely on Rose and Rose alone to score. Teams only strategy was to stop Rose, and stop the team.     This years Bulls are a different and better team by a mile long. They have learned to play and not depend on Rose alone. That's why they are so good. Rose had to take many shots since he didn't have that other scorer to help them, but now it seems they are hitting on all cylinders. The best part is that when the team is not hitting shots, with Rose back they should still bring a W
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::people call him selfish, but selfish if thats what you want to call it got MJ, Kobe, Shaq and many more Rings. there is a time when your star needs to take over the game, like vs Denver the other day, we kept getting close but could not make that final push, that's Rose time. and maybe if Lebron had been more ''selfish'' he would have himself a ring. so call it what you will we will need Rose to take over a game every so often
Danny74068::1.  Anyone that talks about Rose hurting the Team is a moron.   2. Haters and scared sh**ting bricks that if  Bulls are this good without Rose and Rip, how much more greater will they be when they come back. 3.  Haters don't want to admit the first 2.
tukmounties::4. I'm a Bulls fan and think "Haters" is the worst thing to happen to sports talk since internet comments.
Cards4071::Heritage reminds me of a ESPN journalist. He spews stupid crap that's barely backed up by anything , and people get mad. I'm surprised they haven't hired him yet.
GrizzK4::It's kind of nice having the one hater that brings the real Bulls fans together to smack him down. What a sense of community ;)
Heritage Champion::If Rose comes back and incorporates his abilities within the team nucleus that has been forged without him, the Bulls will end the season as a legit title contender. If he comes back and reverts to his same old selfish antics, the Bulls will end the season as a good regular season team capable of making an average playoff run...
nrabond007::Bulls record with Rose 28-6, without Rose 13-5, I think its safe to say he makes the team better. The difference is that Thibodeau has taught the team to buy into his philosophy and play as a unit despite their losses, which makes them both dangerous and a contender, but dont think the Bulls are a better team without the reigning MVP because then you are sorely mistakened.
Heritage Champion::Rose is the most selfish point guard since Iverson... Real talk. No way you're gonna convince me of otherwise. I know what I've seen. Plain as day.
bisch55::Heritage, I know Drugs are fun, but seriously dude, its 9AM
kishman47::maybe thats cuz like iverson, he doesn't have a consistent 2nd scorer behind him? Boozer is the most inconsistent player i've seen, deng is starting to become a consistent scoring option this season, and rip hasn't done anything because of injuries. Other players have now started showing that they can step up off the bench when rose is back
makos96::Nope.  You're incapable of making an intelligent comment on NBA basketball.  That's a fact.  GO look at Rose's FG %, moron.
makos96::You're a joke.  Rose is a superstar.  No selfishness involved.  Watch a game, you moron.   All these "Bulls are better without Rose" idiots coming out of the pavement.  Oh, and Bulls are still kicking your teams' backside, loser.
Danny74068::Again.. he was not been selfish... He had to shoot that much since he didn't have help.  Now that he's been out the Bulls have learned to score and move the Ball.  How hard is that to understand kid?
Danny74068::@ Hemoroid Chumpion  Moron... they learned and were force to learn.  They knew that if Rose was still playing he they wouldn't need to do much.  Rose doesn't ask to do all the work, but when no one else can make a bucket Rose has to take over the game.  You are an idiot for not being able to understand such simplicity.
makos96::Aw, someone's team got their a's kicked by the Bulls.  Go ice it down rather than put your jealous, loser crap out here.
Heritage Champion::Exactly! Read your own post fella! You said it best. And I quote you Danny-boy, "Now that he's been out the Bulls have learned to score and move the Ball."... That speaks volumes about his deficiencies as a point guard... VOLUMES
pspank1::What selfish antics....LOL helping the team win....LMAO
pspank1::I remember when your airness retired and the team was on Scotties back.  Everyone thought that we would just fold since money wasn't there.  We made it all the way to the ECF..should have made it to the Finals but because of a bad call on Scottie we didn't make it.  I wonder were the trolls out then saying Bulls are better without Jordan...
tukmounties::I'm sure there were people. At the time providers like AOL and compuserve were just starting to really take off.
Heritage Champion::All I'm sayin is, for the Bulls to be this one trick pony offense who's superstar didn't have any help. THEY SURE HAVE PLAYED WELL WITHOUT THAT PONY! 13-5 without the Shooting-point-guard... That's all I'm sayin
Danny74068::That's because BULLS ARE NOT: 1 Player Team , Big 2, Big 3.  Bulls are a complete TEAM with or without Rose.  That's the difference between great teams and show teams.
GrizzK4::Pretty sure 28-6 is better than 13-5. That's all I'm sayin
makos96::And?  This is a great team without a superstar.  With a superstar, NBA Champions.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::all it says is that this is not a one man team like so many people were saying, someone different steps up every night and you just don't see that on other teams. it only tells you how good this team is that they can win without Rose. not that they are better without Rose.
makos96::Bulls do well without Rose and all of a sudden the haters come up with the conspiracy that the Bulls are better without him.  Hogwash. Anyone who has watched a single NBA game knows the Bulls are better with Rose, but really good without him.  Haters gonna hate.
Danny74068::Hey Hemoroid Champion:  You cannot compare last years bulls to this years bulls.  Last years bulls depended solely on Rose and Rose alone to score.  Teams only strategy was to stop Rose, and stop the team.    This years Bulls are a different and better team by a mile long.  They have learned to play and not depend on Rose alone.  That's why they are so good.  Rose had to take many shots since he didn't have that other scorer to help them, but now it seems they are hitting on all cylinders.  The best part is that when the team is not hitting shots, with Rose back they should still bring a W.
Heritage Champion::Boozer seemed to be unreliable while Rose was playing along with Deng and everyone else. Since he has been out, they're suddenly reliable? Not a coincidence. 13-5 without Rose.
kishman47::im beginning to think heritage champion is skip bayless in disguise
makos96::Who you want as your superstar?  Rose or Boozer?  Seriously, idiot, answer that.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::it's the fact that Boozer now fits in the offense, and has figured out how to play with Noah. he was in one offense his whole career and last year had to learn a new one and had some injuries. it took some time but he fits in now, has nothing to do with Rose
bisch55::Bulls are a good team without Rose, their a great team with him, you can't honestly believe this team is doing anything in the playoffs without him
Olliebasketballs::Nah, your wrong again.  Boozer has been playing well for about 6 - 7 weeks now.  Rose has only been out since the Knicks game 2.5 weeks ago.  Are you wrong about everything?
Playing2wintheGame::28-6 with Rose. Do the math
Heritage Champion::When Rose misses 15-20 shots while making 30% of them, the Bulls win despite him, not because of him... with great defense.
GrizzK4::He loves to bring up last year, so here we go: Shooting % UP from last year. Assists UP from last year.  Scoring DOWN from last year (you should love that Heritage) Turnovers DOWN from last year.   He shoots 45%, which is quite substantially more than 30%. He takes a ton of contact and attempts tough shots in the paint, and many of the misses lead to offensive rebounds and easy putbacks. Watch a few games before you try to say they're worse with D-Rose in the lineup.
Gex.2::considering that what Heritage described doesn't happen, it's safe to say that the bulls win <b>because</b> of him.
TheMelchMan31::When people make stupid comments it only makes them look ignorant... and nobody agrees with them.
LeoPat11::Does anybody know how to post videos to... facebook? Stacey King.
I_bleed_raz0rback_red::"even while missing Rose for the eighth straight game with a shoulder injury."  Good observation.  But that is RIP,  Rose has a groin injury.
DeltaRider26::I was readin that and was soo confused on that too. I was askin everyone if he injured his shoulder again or somethin
