Greg::Anthony Davis will be the next Tim Duncan.
Clark Kent::Anthony Davis is gonna be the youngest DPOY ever. He might be the best defensive player since Marcus Camby's remarkable season. Heck, he might be even better defensively. That he can score 20 per game and even hit 85% of his charity stripe shots is remarkable... He's got to be in the MVP running right now, though he probably has to take a backseat to Paul George and Kevin Love, for now (for now might be the key words, though LeBron and KD will also return to that stratosphere too)
James::Up by 12 with 4:44 to go. Yep, that defense-minded coach Brown is just awesome (like that overall #1 bust Anthony Bennett (did not play Coach's decision (what a joke)). Wasn't that all the hype when he was rehired (being such a good defensive coach?) Just goes to show you, defense doesn't beat good offense and heart!! Not sure why anyone living around Cleveland would spend their money going to watch this team.Mike Brown has literally screwed up everything with this team. This was supposed to be the year the cav's break out a bit with the players returning, mike brown, and Anthony Bennett. This was supposed to be the year that could of had LBJ considering coming back to help win a championship. I'm sure he's watching this train wreck now and saying NO WAY!! Not only is Bennett going to end up on that list you see every year (Biggest Busts in NBA history), now Brown has screwed up what chemistry this team did have from last year. Is it me or does anyone else just get tired of all 3 Cleveland teams always having to be a "wait til next year?"
PKM::Davis is a Beast!
Commenter::fire Mike Brown
nobody::Wow, easy to defend for New Orleans when they know Kyrie is going to keep the ball and drive to the hoop every time...
Teh::Bynum is owning Anthony Davis!!
Anton::Ugly game...rather watch WNBA.
- LJ::in two years anthony the beast bennet will be much better than anthony the bust davis
Bryan::Davis will be MVP soon........
