GoTmJazz52::Still pissed about the favoring calls for the Celts! All that PUNK CELTIC NEEDLESS PHYSICAL CONTACT on BIG AL &amp; MILLSAP should have been some fragrant TECHS... .... AGAINST CELTS!! Especially, THAT LOW DOWN KG!!!
Heritage Champion::Pierce is and has always been one of my favorite players. Since he entered the NBA, he has been over looked and vastly underrated as one of the most talented scorers in the league. Throughout his career he has remained a top 15 player. In a seven game series, he can go at it with any Super Star in the game, toe to toe.
odiesihs::He's also really consistent and reliable.
Jdzspace::not just toe to toe, but beat them. he has taken out many "better" players toe to toe.   Kobe, LeBitch, Wade. . . . been there, done that, got the banner
The Bean Is Burning::garnett for m.v.p
drouillard0788::lots of celtics haters out there,looks like my team doing something right,haters keep hatin,Celtics keep winning,even with k.loves double doubles,don't have $@%! on rondo's triple doubles,green curtain coming down in minnesota
Flop City::76ers have the tie breaker.  http://espn.go.com/nba/standings/_/group/3
Jdzspace::doesn't matter because we will finish with a better record, we're over the whole "philly" nonsense,we are now looking towards the #3 spot.   sorry Philly, your no longer a matter of focus. i'll keep an eye on you for the next few days as you lose and become irrelevant. . but after that.  time to move on
jbarnes1621::Celtics and Knicks are going to be a tuff out for whoever they meet in the 1st round.  I would not mind a rematch from last season either.
nyli516516::hell yes im gonna assume your a knick fan i too would love the knicks to spank the celtics in a round one series
paulpierce celtics 34::nevr will happen as long as paul pierce plays for the celtics he is way to good at stealing games from the knicks
The Unknown who::Cant stand Garrnett , every time he opens his mouth to talk trash i am waiting for the little Alien from the Movie Aliens to pop out his mouth!!! he looks like the Alien all black and sweaty foaming at the mouth !!!
tmbdmd::The Unknown who.   I'm with you on Garrnett, he was at home an knew he was getting away with dirty play and then stepped it up a notch. I think that game last night was the first time I didn't care about the out come I just wanted to see Garrnett get his nose broke.  Shame on me.
vmanetti15::ur right dude i shouldn't  have even gave him that
vmanetti15::Shut up idiot you are just mad because he had a monster game on you and if you knew any basketball you would respect the future hof instead of being a fetus chid about it
shaqatastic::You just disrespected a fetus child.
shaqatastic::You just disrespected fetus children.
butasports::buy the lephone, only vibrates no ring http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/p/best-nba-memes.html
Leaving_LasVegas::All thos hate coming towards Garnett must mean he is playing well again, thats good.
jakec213::And playing dirty... like his whole career
Dwayne_Johnson23::In fact, KG might be the second most sought after free agent this summer
5n00py77::typical delusion celtics homer?
JAHQUAN3::By who AARP?
GoTmJazz52::Garnett is Big scoring PUNK!
jakec213::I would NEVER want a player that dirty on my team. He doesn't know what it means to be CLASSY. And he represents the Celtics so I would be ashamed if I were you.
Leaving_LasVegas::Garnett got all up in that a'.zz.
Dwayne_Johnson23::Garnett has changed his game and has been flourishing lately.  You wish he was on your team
Snakes222::I've never met anyone from Boston that I liked and KG is a biitch of epic proportions.
Road dog Red::coming from a SNAKE...i'll take it as a compliment
JAHQUAN3::Its all good boss.Nothing from last night game changed anything. The Celtics are old but still solid, and the Jazz are young and on the rise. Next stop Swat Lake City
Road dog Red::Does Docs daughter play B Ball...we could use her too...bye bye Rondo and PP
Road dog Red::I can't wait till Rondo is traded for Austin Rivers
Road dog Red::lol
Dwayne_Johnson23::You're outta your mind!
Road dog Red::then i FLUSH
Dwayne_Johnson23::I played that nonsense for less than one second and then closed it.  Never do that again!
Road dog Red::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYW6C44zo24&amp;feature=related this is what happens when i think of Rondo
Road dog Red::The Jazz Best player on the team...Gordon Hayward 2nd best  Derrick Favors...  Ty Corbin should be fired for not running all plays through those two
The Unknown who::coming from the idiot that want Austin Rivers over Rondo ! man your Dumb!!!
JAHQUAN3::He has to be fired though LMAO
Road dog Red::Watching Hayward playing the two...posting up and overpowering Bradley right in front of me...i was like WHOA...Houston we have a problem
JAHQUAN3::I was at the Nets game on Monday, and I saw similiar stuff. Its something about being at the game to see that Hayward is the catalyst. His only problem is that he needs to be paired with Millsap to be at his best. When Millsap is not on the floor he doesn't seem to play as well offensively. They both need to be here long term
Dwayne_Johnson23::You spit or swallow Hayward?
Dwayne_Johnson23::I don't use twitter
Road dog Red::lol...Jabroni macaroni...twitter that
Dwayne_Johnson23::JUST BRING IT  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bL7atl1em2o
Road dog Red::yeah..i'll thank you by putting my boot to yer _a.s.s._
Dwayne_Johnson23::Did you even watch the Tooth Fairy?  It was a good movie with a great message for kids.  You should be thanking me for trying to make the world a better place
Road dog Red::shut up tooth fairy
Dwayne_Johnson23::You're mad
Road dog Red::I go to the GAME sonny...you might want to do that sometime...be brave ...go ask mommy for money and get out the basement
meliy2007::the celtics got the jazz singing the blues now. KG  thats wats up Daddy PLay da dam game #1 fan
JAHQUAN3::Really Jazz lost on the road to a veteran team and we're singing the Blues....I think mortgaging your future for a ring several years ago seems to have Celtics fans singing the Blues and getting hyped over a reg. season win at home over a young team. How far the mighty have fallen.
Road dog Red::Gordon Hayward is deferring too much to Milsap and Jefferson...Haywood is a STAR...those guys are fill ins
JAHQUAN3::Its also the most Un-Bias stat ever so I'll go with that for now when determining between two players who are both good. For this particular post I think PER has its use.
Snakes222::PER is the dumbest stat ever invented.
JAHQUAN3::Check the player PER it will tell you who is a better player right now today. I've watched every Jazz game this season but one, Hayward is getting there but Millsap is hands down the best Jazz player this season.
JAHQUAN3::There all about even at this point. Millsap is the best player we have right now, but I think as soon as next season tips off...Hayward will be that player. He's def showing all the makings of being a star.
Road dog Red::Milsap ain't no Hayward. I watch them both...Hayward is ummmmBelieavable.. On stride and on balance...from driving to shooting.. Milsap...not so much
Road dog Red::Gordon has a beautiful shot and can put the pall to the floor and drive... He can win games...Jefferson and Milsap can fill stats
Road dog Red::Corbin has to take the reins off...the rest of the team has to adjust
Dwayne_Johnson23::Nope
JAHQUAN3::GG from the Celts. I was actually impressed by KG's play, dunno if it was dirty since my old Jazz played the same physical way. It seemed like only Hayward was intense and willing to get into the Celts on the defense or offense. One question I have is why did Earl get all the backup time. He killed us almost by himself. He can't shoot a lick and good defensive teams like the Celtics feast when playing 4 on 5 baseketball. Ty knows better, but its all apart of learning.
JAHQUAN3::Lol yeah he played to much it seems. Yeah KG was the difference. I benched this man on my fantasy team last night SMH...Wish I had a do over LMAO
Road dog Red::I was at the game...did Earl even play??? The problem for the Jazz was TOO much KG...offensively and defensively
Road dog Red::the old guys slapped the young bucks around like the mongrel curs that they are
Road dog Red::Kevin Garnett for President
Road dog Red::CELTICS
Dwayne_Johnson23::C's!
WddNews.com::Heck if the Celtics still had Perkins or at least something to show for losing him they might be a contender
JAHQUAN3::No they wouldn't be, enjoy your win but lets not turn a nightmare into a dream this team is going nowhere long term..The Jazz are on the rise...Face It
JDiddy8720::Kevin Garnett = V.A.G.I.N.A. Dude does not have 1 tough bone in his body. On the court, you can do all that talking as he does because he is a sure-fire Hall of Famer but outside of the court, bet you he is one the quietest guys when things go south in a situation. Little Anthony Peeler elbowed him right in his mouth when KG threw him a 'bow and what did Kevin do? Absolutely nothing. My mother, who does not even like basketball, sat there and laughed at him after he sat on the bench with some sort of white thing strapped around his face with ice to cool the swelling because she was like " All that talking and dirty play got him dealt with". STRAIGHT P.U.S.S.Y.
ACandOJ::I remember him talking junk to McDyess &amp; when McD turned around to confront him...KG threw the ball at him &amp; started backpedaling so a ref could get between them.  If you're taller than 6'0" or not Euro...he won't mess with you.  Hell Odom punked him Baaahston
JDiddy8720::When he was trying to punk Jose Calderon, Calderon stepped up and was in his grill because nobody is scared of him. He slapped Duncan behind his head and let the referees get in there before anything escalated. Or like 2 years ago in the Miami bench when Paul Pierce went down and Garnett elbowed Quentin Richardson and then ran out from their bench and started talking when the refs got between..lol.. sad story.
pleX.::you sound butt hurt
JDiddy8720::What does team player have to do with being a fake tough guy? LeBron is a big talker.
WhyUHatin47::Since when was Lebron a tough guy? He has never gotten in someones face randomly. When someone does, he usually walks away so they wont call a tech on him and hurt the team. Criticize Lebron blah blah blah but the guy is a teamplayer
JDiddy8720::Why would I be butt hurt? Celtics aren't going anywhere and Utah isn't my team. I don't like fake tough guys. Garnett, LeBron, Chris Paul, Kendrick Perkins, etc.
ACandOJ::When is the last time the C's beat a decent team?? It had to be in 2010-11...they basically have the same record as the Jazz, who are not in the playoffs in West but somehow this record is good enough to lead a division in the East.  No wonder the champs normally come out of the West...
ACandOJ::Enjoy another 22 year title drought....BTW, who cares about the Jazz??
celticfan9262::STOP CRYING ALREADY JAZZ LOST GET OVE IT.I WONDER IF MILSAPS MOUTH FEELS OK BECAUSE KG WHO YOU ARE HATING ON POPPED HIM IN IT.YOUR A STUPID IDIOT WHO OBVIOUSLY DONT UNDERSTAND BASKETBALL.
kevinrsx408::kg, pp, n ray r 3 of the most conceited $@%!$@%! in the league. they think theyre still so great wen they're 28-22 in the east. if they were in the west thed be 10th place at the most
phastanscottsage::Not playing in the west against the tougher western conference! they would be in the range of the warriors.
mikerichardson515::uhm you might want to check your stats on that considering they would be in the playoffs in the west right now.
PatriotsbeatBroncos::Hahaha
HEismightytosave77::I've been following a betting system a few months called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now by following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "basketball betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I thought I would post this for anyone that is tired of not winning their bets and that is looking for a system that actually works
oreed luv his redsox::i just became a Gordon Hayward fan...what a beast, aka clark kent,   he needs more respect,
Longboardboy::still a d bag
scow79::And he's only 21.   He's been averaging 16 pts, 6 boards and 5 assists in the last 5 games.
oreed luv his redsox::boston has the 1 of the hardest April schedule 6 playoffs teams ..if they pull it off ...doc rivers deserve coach of the year...  .1 thing i know about this celtics team they don't lay down for nobody
jakec213::HA
MarkMac2222::Who has the Celts topping the Sixers for the Atlantic? I'd like to see them get to the semis.
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::ahhhhh poor Utah :(
MBC32AMG350Z::Ahhhhh, poor Lakers. Lost to Utah twice this year, got swept last year, and ain't going to the finals this year. Ha ha ha ha ha. Plus punk, Celtics 17&gt; LA Lakers 16, but 5 don't count because you were in Minniapolis.
MBC32AMG350Z::I have lost all my respect for Garnett. 1 elbow is bad enough, but 4. I didn't see any Jazz play playing dirty, so what gives him the right to start throwing elbows. The league had better step in, because if this doesn't stop he is going to hurt someone. When he goes in the HOF, there needs to be an asterisk next to his name with DIRTY PLAYER.
Snakes222::How anyone had any respect for KG to begin with is the real question.
Longboardboy::yeah if you have no respect for Kevin then you have no respect for basketball and therefore you should go back to watching Andy Roddick in Tennis D bag
scow79::I'd like to see someone knock him on his $@%.   He's a stick.   There's no way he's backing his $@%! talking up.
Longboardboy::and you apparently do not know KG
bigllama11::Your grandma called, she wants her panties back.
Fair_Weather_Laker_fan::Ohhhhhhh my God are you serious???? Did he play too rough?? The Hall of Fame should be reserved for those who don't play physical?
Longboardboy::he does do it to Kobe....all the best players can supersede the game. All the best gaurds can travel......all the best bigs can rough house for points..........You can cry on your pillow like a little girl
MBC32AMG350Z::There's physical play and there's dirty play. Throwing elbows are dirty play. Especially after he gets caught with one, but then follows it up throwing a couple more. What if he did it to Kobe. You would say the same thing. Millsap and Hayward played it perfectly. Since no foul was called, they backed off knowing if I retaliate, I will get caught, I will get suspended, and that will hurt my team.
oreed luv his redsox::u mad bro, you just now know kg is a DIRTY PLAYER.? he been like this from day 1
MBC32AMG350Z::I knew that. Just pisses me off that 17 years later, and not one time has the league stepped in.
jessemangelson::Garnett is a dirty player.
meliy2007::it's not that his a dirty player he JUST GO HARD IN THE MUTHAF&amp;%^ING PAINT
AceyUT::only time i root for the celtics is when they play the lakers, and when those two teams play, i get more joy out of watching the jewelry  shopping channel.  then i find out if the lakers lost.  cause the celtics dont win anything.  (if you cant appreciate irony you need to get off the internet and get a life)
J-SMOOVE2038::Celtics are a first rd exit if they stay 7th or 8th.  They are a 2nd rd exit if they move up to 3-6 range.
BC2001Eagles::Where are the Knicks fans at ? They must be the guys posing as Jets fans on the Patriots threads.  Got Stat...  " We're going to show you Boston ! ". Melo...... " C's bout to get exposed ! " , Linsanity........." Knicks going deep in the playoffs this year."  Like the Pats and Jets....this year is ALWAYS  the Knicks year.
jessemangelson::Knicks haha that's funny cuz they are garbage.
ustasports::the real big 3? miami? spurs?? nahhhh scalibrine luke walton and kwame brown http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/p/best-nba-memes.html
BowenDT71::Why has no one, not the fans, not even the ESPN experts, given KG credit for how he has played all year? The guys is like 1000 years old and he is still averaging 15 and 8.
Jdzspace::because he's not 1000 and they would rather talk about how how big Lebron's va jay jay is or what Lin's dueces look like
Celtics1634::Because he is the 4th highest paid player in the league
BowenDT71::Him and Tim Duncan have been turning around the clock, but I understand Duncan's case, because he is the "quiet" champion.
BowenDT71::Yeah, especially since the position is $@%! now.
Celtics1634::Indeed. And we were talking about KG just the other day in here. The fact that Doc has him playing out of position is a testament to KG's awesomeness. He provides a major mismatch to almost every team in the league when he plays center
BowenDT71::Had to edit it.
BowenDT71::lol I spelled that really bad, didn't I?
Celtics1634::Did you mean 'quiet' champion?
Celtics1634::C's!
Jdzspace::your mom
Jdzspace::man, your always so moody. calm down bro
Celtics1634::NO shutup. Just regular C's!
Jdzspace::homeless guy down the street?
Celtics1634::Passed away before I met them. So doubtful
Jdzspace::your grandmom?
Celtics1634::She's not that big of a sports fan
Amaze76er::Celtics fans still crying about game 7 vs the lakers lmao...u girls are worsth then heat fans when it comes to excuses..be glad that ariza and bynum were injured for the all series long  ln 08 or else the celtics big 3would of been a fail..laker should of have a 3peat instead of a 2peat..fact
MarkMac2222::Lakers won it in '10 fair and square, no excuses but Kobe choked in game 7, straight up. MJ would have never showcased a performance like that.
bost0nsportzfan4life::Amaze you legit just criticized us for excuses but then you pull the injury card on 2008 for an excuse.  Dude seriously $@%! you hypocrite.
Amaze76er::sure buddy the lakers have own the celtics since 09 with kobe pau n bynum in the starting line up are 12-4 vs the celtics so pretty obvious the lakers are the better team healthy...just stop being like lebrick fans and making excuses for every year since thats what u just did in the post above..lmao
BowenDT71::No. In 08 the Celtics were at a completely different level than LA. 09 every team was lucky KG got hurt, and in 2010 LA was incredible lucky Perkins blew out his knee, because the Lakers stood no chance. Even last year there is no doubt in my mind Boston was the best team, but because of the injuries to Shaq, Rondo and the idiotic move to get Green by trading Perkins and Robinson, they never got a chance for their last run.
DaBostonStrangler10::Rondo is dishing that rock right now
rockndoc2::Congrats to the Celtics for righting their season it seems.  hope to see them get a shot at the Heat.
iamatightend::there is something good about him paul and kg wanted him
rockndoc2::Well, at least they are moving in the right direction. Ryan Hollins is their new and not so improved version of Mikki Moore!
rockndoc2::He just always seems to be out of position, and while 7 feet, he isnt very strong.  He gets dunk attempts blocked with regularity
Jdzspace::if he averaged 6 or 7, i would be thrilled. .. maybe a block a game. i would be freaking estatic. . . but 3? as a 7 footer? does he even try to get rebounds? I mean c'mon
rockndoc2::Exactly.  He is pretty much a stiff.   He can get lucky on rare occasions and have a good game, but more often than not he will just prove he has minimal skills.
Jdzspace::i'm sorry, but it's hard to be excited about a 7 footer who has never averaged more than 3rpg over his career.
Jdzspace::i don't know how "right" we have gotten it. we are 2-8 on the 2nd night of back to backs, we have had a revolving door of injuries, we are what? 6 games over .500.   this from a team that has won 2 championships (actually got to keep one of them), and has won 50 games every year for the last 5.   I mean it's better than it was. . . . .but "righted".. .  .that is debatable
rockndoc2::And if the cards fall right, the injuries could be a blessing, giving the backups some more meaningful minutes.  Gotta look at the bright side.   C's are highly unlikely to get a ring this year, but they will go down fighting
NewEnglandSportsFanNH2::Good night Celtics fans, time to sleep
celticfan9262::THE JAZZ FANS HAD ALOT TO SAY BEFORE THE GAME AND NOW THEY ARE NO WHERE TO BE FOUND.CAN'T SAY I BLAME THEM THEY JUST GOT THIER HEART BROKEN.
Jazzgoob::KG should go into the UFC. With elbows like that...
bigllama11::Obviously clueless.  Players even recognize his talent.
MBC32AMG350Z::Doesn't matter, he still shouldn't be throwing elbows. League needs to step in and stop this.
AceyUT::it's cause he is old and cant compensate for the lack of game he has at this age.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::hey would get his @$$ kicked
NYeltigre::I'm right here Bro. All I got to say is Kevin garnett is a $@%!$
DaBostonStrangler10::Did you really just like your own comment?
celticfan9262::I GUESS ALL THE JAZZ FANS WENT INTO HYBERNATION.
MBC32AMG350Z::Still have a better record than you. And we don't have to throw elbows to win
snowboard times::so 27-24 is a better record than 28-22? okay.
oreed luv his redsox::alot of $@%! Sixers fans;)
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::The Sixers are gonna make a run in the playoffs every year. And every year they disappoint.
celticfan9262::SO TRUE PUNK $@%!$
slowmow12::Brian Scalabrine is the only player/coach in the NBA
NewEnglandSportsFanNH2::This Sunday Stern will make sure the Celtics lose
JB_Mandingo_Smoove_Celtics::Joey Crawford will be officiating the game then
