Kenzo Hifriend::Who needs wiggins when youre winnins? LETS GO SUNS!
Junior May::Fools gold is just that.    Don't let premature wins ruin a chance at a dynasty.   Bledsoe will be a centerpiece with Len though.
Barry N McCockiner::Len won't be anything. Plumlee is better.
Lucas Hartley::Bledsoe clutch...scored 17 points in the 4th quarter...Miles Plumlee all off a sudden is a double double machine and not only that but he brings Phoenix a true post presence......I smell surprise team out West!
Jordan Nelson::2-0 two games calm down. a double-double machine? clutch? its been two games. true post presence. dude lay off the weed
David Wilson::Jordan Nelson Dude, faith is where it happens.  early in the season--only 2 games--but you should do your homework.  Plumlee was a star at duke and Bledsoe does not have to prove anything to anyone.  He is a true athletic monster.  So give the guy a break and let him root for his team because it is obvious your team lost.
Ed Lewis::Who is ready for Sixers-Suns in the NBA Finals?!?!?!
Aaron Martinez::#33 mike harris is gonna suprise many ppl this year. he will be a big part of this jazz club!
Trever Lever::Bledsoe! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94RCwkjIIsc
Will Schmitz::NBA Fantasy draft at 12:00am ET (11:00pm CT) tonight. It's a 16-team league, so help me out and join, please!  http://games.espn.go.com/fba/tools/join?leagueId=278823
Alex Ko::please, focus on tanking, Suns!  I know it's good to win but think about Wiggins!
Eric Evans::Rather have Randle from Kentucky we have enough guards and Ranle is probably going to be better than Wiggins anyways
Grant Oxenrider::these announcers are funny they are making the tucker dragi collision sound like a freight train colliding into another frieght train, it wasnt even that hard of a collision
Jason Wilson::Sweet the Jazz have a 2 game lead over Phili and 1 game plus tiebreaker over Phoenix for the race for Wiggins.
Jason Wilson::Correction, 2 game lead over both Philli and Phoenix.
Dakota Mckenzie::Surprise team!?!? LOL you beat the fricken jazz and blazers at home. I smell a 30-52 season if even that
Randy Burger::Come on Suns....LOSE Already.  Every game you win now is three fewer you win in 2016 when it matters...
Dale Burger::'analysis talent'?  Must be a Wildcat dropout here...
Aaron Earl::I would like to see Alec Burks start in favor of Richard Jefferson.
David Wilson::Lets go Suns!  Plumblee, Bledsoe and Dragic can make it haopen.
Brendyn Scott::No superstar on the Suns so I expect Jazz to win this. They wont be giving up 24 free throws to markiff morris.
Adam Rodriguez::No superstar dragic and bledsoe maybe you should look at there last games stats!
Daniel Johnson::Why is Lucas getting more playing time then Burks
Zac Bitsoi::Well Dan I watch Lucas when they played the thunder and I'm confident you or I could have shot better than him. They left him wide open for a reason.
Will Barker::Wow. Good game Jazz. And GO SUNS! Keep this up!
Anthony Reyes::With Keif back I see the Suns at home. 94-90. Leggo Suns!!
Brett Reid::the suns just look awful..
Shawn Bento::So glad I drafted this beast
Kevin Franke::Hornacek > Corbin
Daniel Tuggle::Eric Bledsoe is SO Good
Michael Perez::sorry jazz is going 0-2 =[
Brent Wachter::over 98 2nd half?
Grant Oxenrider::good game jazz!
Sakshay Chaturvedi::Fight for #Wiggins !
