bburwell00::wow. you people are quit $@%!$@% dumb
hwsparks::Miami's new monicker today is changing from HEAT to WARM.  After next loss to the Spurs, it will be the CHILL.
chicagogary13::This just in Christine Bosh seen crying after loss because he bruised her ovaries
Akuma2K::Bulls / Mavs in the Finals....Bulls win it all.
hwsparks::Definitely NOT the Mavs.
TheRealRowsdower::So does anyone still think the Heat are the favorites to win it all? Everyone needs to put down the kool aid... Mavericks all the way
Slaughter Lane::Miami is becoming solvable and they're still arguing over who should take how much lead in the game between Wade and LeBron.
UtterBlatantry::The Mame Excrete will win smelliest $@%! thats about it...lol
TheRealRowsdower::The Heat will lose again to the Mavericks in the Finals...
kbman6::We are all QUITNESSES!
espn keeps banning me::all the heat need is jr smith
maxrh::they don't have the money... plus he wouldn't play much because of d-wade. i think jr wants to start and get paid. hes not the type of guy who will take a pay cut for anything haha.
espn keeps banning me::lawson  &gt; westbrick and rose
mike_voorhees::With one year together and so many playmakers who can create or get their own shot off how can the heat possibly lose a 7 game series!!! Just to show some compassion I'm going to open up a suicide hotline for heat haters this year after they win the title!! I know I'm going to have to hire a lot of people because I expect the phones to be ringing off the hook!!
bernotas22@yahoo.com::The heat are not going to get much better than they already are and other teams will
espn keeps banning me::it was proven vs chicago and voston last year though, with the playoff schedule and time to prepare, they will easily be in the nba finals again
bernotas22@yahoo.com::Fernandez is good
MikeBreenGetGreen::In an almost perfect situation - he would like more minutes
raaaj989::MIAMI= WAY OVERHYPED!
Heat fan since the summer of 2010::Yall need to lay off the heat like forreal
chicagogary13::y dont you go back to robbing crypts. dumb cluck
spong3bobrox::shut up bandwagons
TheSixthHeatle::They cant its all up in vajays
gupsphoo::Heat players will start crying again soon.
mintzerkj4eva::Get rid of Spo. Trade James or Wade. They won't make the playoffs. Trade Bosh  The usual over reaction. smh
truesportfanman::Cleveland and miami are both 3rd in their divisions.....maybe Dan Gilbert was right.
mintzerkj4eva::yes surely the way things are going right now will only continue. smh
discosinner::Who cares about the Heat, the Nuggets are clearly the more talented team. (And a helluv a lot more fun to watch)
BigBee94::I hate to say it but the Heat played better without DWade in the lineup.... Also the Bulls will not win this year or next year, When is the last time you seen a team win a title with their point guard as their primary scorer ? The Heat showed the Bulls flaws last year in the playoffs , you shut down Rose = Bulls losing
Slaughter Lane::Miami beat a too old and injured Miami team and a too young Bulls team with no 2 guard. Old don't get better. Young does. Miami's best chance to win was last year. If they lose this year, they lose Spoelstra.
animeownsyou::When was the last time you seen a team win a title wit their point guard as their primary scorer? You must not know much about basketball if you don't know who Magic Johnson is
Monzy1396::When the Bulls are whooping up on the Heat in playoffs, then tell me their flaws
TheSixthHeatle::Like last years whoopin!!  -Stacey King
lovesports3409::This year they do have RIP. They're resting him right now.
materazzi2323::When was the last time u seen a team win a Championship that had a star player that was a woman(James) and had no bench what so ever?
bleed purple and gold 32::maybe so, but the Heat could trade him for several great players
bleed purple and gold 32::Lebron and Wade play similar styles, and are not at the top of their games when playing together. If the Heat traded one of them they could get multiple great players and create a truly stacked team
truesportfanman::lebron is fool's gold.
xrooster::is wade going to be healthy enough to play tuesday against the spurs?  spurs have not played well on the road.  is it really possible that the dream team could llose 4 in a row?
TheRealRowsdower::I severely doubt you were saying "this game is meaningless, non conference" when the Heat were killing the Mavs on opening day... and then I bet you got on here and declared the Heat unstoppable and champions... you are exactly why we don't like Heat fans
xrooster::yikes then the lakers and the sixer up after that?  wade: bruised left foot, strained calf, and sprained right ankle.  oh, my my.
nba is the worst::Let the ft gauntlet begin!
TheSixthHeatle::He shouldve been sitting for the Denver game its meaningless, non conference. He paid for it by getting hurt. He should sit until 100% and let his teammates pick up the slack.
megadrewton5000::do you think that lebron could guard brett favre in football and brett favre could guard lebron in basketball????
bleed purple and gold 32::i think........that is a silly questionn
megadrewton5000::oh.... well i think they could
dpas569::i had to leave to go shovel the snow off of my driveway and sidewalk. dang! looks like i missed some riveting and some funny conversations.
xrooster::where are there riveting and funny conversations?  you mean the lebronists trying to play the blame game?
dpas569::naw, the "best player" and "best Pg" convo's. the funny stuff was provided by that moron mikedogg. he was mad at me and a couple other guys for calling him out on his bs. hate i couldn't finish that!
juar::you wanna crown their a$es go ahead and crown their a$es...just don't ask alethea hickman to bake the crown.
mike_voorhees::Heat don't have the players and the depth to be a truly dominant regular season team but come playoffs they're the most dangerous team in the league!!
juar::tell it!
xrooster::they are who we thought they were.  but i don't think we should let them off the hook.  names don't win games.  paper championships are worth less than paper.  hollywood as hell.  but greatness? thats got to be earned.
bleed purple and gold 32::what will happen to the big 3 if they dont win it all this year? Would Miami look to trade Wade, Bron or Bosh if they could get good players in return?
Ashy-Larry::Miami Heat Playoff success with Wade after the 2005-2006 title before LBJ got there:  2006-2007 = swept by bulls in 1st rd  2007-2008 = lottery team = no playoffs  2008-2009 = lost to Atlanta in 1st rd
TheRealRowsdower::For real, regular season does mean nothing... playoffs mean everything... and we saw what the Heat do on the brightest stage... chooooooke... No one on the Heat is as clutch as Dirk and you are kidding yourself if you think us Dallas fans want your stupid team... I think we will take what we have, a guaranteed hall of famer with a ring and more depth than the Heat
TheSixthHeatle::Neither LBJ or Wade will get any credit if they win and all the blame if they loose. Miami has a stacked team, every other NBA city wishes they had. Including ATL, Chicago, NY, Dallas, and LA. Pat Riley got it done! Wade was hurt in 07' and took a poor team to the playoffs. Riley waited til he could make a big move and he did. Miami will be fine, the haters not so much. Member last year, its only a matter of time.
discosinner::You are very, very stupid Heatle. That is all, have a nice day
TheSixthHeatle::Still are as per Vegas, regular season means nothing. Are insinuating they are to go undefeated because they are favorites? Seeds and standing dont mean anything in the playoffs.
xrooster::weren't the heat overwhelming favorites to win it all last year?
thabrandon::I'm sure that the Criami Heat will probably win the title this year, but I want to take a moment to say HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA that's all for now.
gee_spn::No they won't.  No way.
TheRookieOftheYear2::Wade floppity flopped himself into a turned ankle.  Awww.  Need an orange slice?
TheRookieOftheYear2::The heatles ran into a team without chubby melo.  Also, Dwade was seen walking just fine at the airport and bron-bron had a pretty good High School game.
gee_spn::You are gay.
beezer37_84::even if he is... what does that have to do with anything?
TheTristanShow::Wade's ankle looked like it hurt... for about 5 minutes. Kobe would play on two injured ankles. Not even a Kobe fan, but watching him last night... he's pretty good.
LightSpeed1000::wade fakes injuries everytime they lose a game. its his method of excuses.
TheSixthHeatle::Haters by stuff!
TheRookieOftheYear2::I find it amazing that corporations still want to use wade and bron bron to sell product.
Ashy-Larry::I find it amamzing how Wade has been able to hide behind all of the bashing of LeBron.
LightSpeed1000::Miami Wade county, LeBroward county. West Palm Bosh.
chicagogary13::This just in Christine Bosh has bruised ovaries
Ashy-Larry::Just read an artical that stated Wade gets a pass because he has a ring. CHILD PLEASE
TheRealRowsdower::I'm not butt hurt at all, I would think you were especially since you are so vehemently defending your "team"... Last time I checked the Mavericks were reigning NBA champs with 4 wins in a row and the Heat have lost 3 in a row... it's not how you start, it's how you finish, and Brian Cardinal had more points in the 4th quarter than Lebron during the Finals so there you go
TheSixthHeatle::Ashy to Classy!
TheRealRowsdower::Jerry Stackhouse and Josh Howard were responsible for guarding Wade in that series... Also, I would like to add that it is entirely true that Wade won that series because of ALOT of phantom foul calls... That game 5 which turned the series to a Heat lead was without a doubt the biggest phantom call in NBA Finals history... that ring was a gift because of Stern's hate for Cuban
nba is the worst::Lol, homer - everybody knows that title was given, not earned
TheSixthHeatle::Thats the dumbest statement Ive heard. Your butt hurt, I get it, but use some rationale. Wade could not be guarded and was schooling the jump shooting Mavs team in the paint, not to mention Zo swatted a ton of balls, Gary Payton hit a huge shot and Shaq made Dirk cry. Mark Cuban is your whining leader, I get it!
Art_Lucy::Exactly!  Everyone is always saying how Wade was playing lights out in the Finals when he won.  Truth is, you couldn't even breath on Wade without the refs blowing the whistle.  Too many phantom calls in that series.  It was disgusting basketball to watch.    Did the NBA and it's crooked refs really hate Mark Cuban that much?!
TheSixthHeatle::LOL, Dirk was as impotent in 06'
Balla32391::haha dirk. funny
LightSpeed1000::dirk.
TheSixthHeatle::Settle down Mark Cuban, Name one player on that Mavs team that could guard DWade one on one?
materazzi2323::The HEat lose AGAIN!!!!! How can Heat fans really believe that Lebron is the best player in the NBA??? Hes just another star , BUT NOT A LEADER!!! He cant even lead the Heat to a win without Wade and the Heat actually played better without him and beat the Hawks
Ashy-Larry::Can't lead the Heat to a win without Wade? I'm guessing you didn't see the Nets game and just incase you didn't know Wade also missed the Hawks game. Again I'm waiting on someone to explain how the GREAT WADE went 4yrs without a playoffs series win!!!
ptgatorboy13::wheres daniela south beach? mustve been a rough week for her
Welcome2daGoodBurger::i wish there was a like button for the article headline
pmd49er::LeBron is a choker and fakes injury when he is losing. Wade also fakes injury when he is losing. The Heat need to trade for Paul Pierce. Then they would have 3 injury fakers....LOL
materazzi2323::Lebron is a p**sy!!! And thats the truth, prove me wrong
ptgatorboy13::"oh is this the fake willis reed?" --charles barkley about the whole paul pierce faking
bleed purple and gold 32::Heat should consider a trade. Their team is unbalanced, but they have good value in Bosh. Trade him for a true center
LightSpeed1000::you are clueless if you think they would trade howard for bosh....  heat woudnt do it first of all, and 2nd of all the magic wouldnt want bosh. theyd rather ride out with dwight... you obivously dont know otis smith
Hoge Merrill::him and lebron for Howard, and anderson
bleed purple and gold 32::Poll: How well will Vince Carter (aka Half Man Half Retired) do with the Mavs this year?
CosmoKramer1444::Without the passing,size, or intangibles.
Hoge Merrill::Bout as good as T. McGrady when he was with Detroit
ReligionIsTheRootOfAllEvilDuex::I'd rather the Heat be on a 3 game losing streak then my teams be on a 3 game winning streak.
ptgatorboy13::i have more than 3 game winning streak. go bulls
soonerboomer65::I have both. Go Thunder.
Chicagocold312::twisted logic much?
mikedogg08::i also love internet tough guys.... feel real tough in front of a computer screen... phonies..... tough guys dont talk it, they walk it... im out and i hope all your mothers are raped
dpas569::dang i hate i missed out on this! especially since i was one of the main culprits in getting this human stack of crap mad! dang!  lol
Marlins35DTrain::You hope our mothers are raped? Real mean wouldn't say that, they'd do that.   Wait....
WHY_UMAD_BRUH::hey mikedogg08 umad?
RunTheBall22::@ mikedogg,   You sir, are a true piece of crap.
Knicks2DaDeath::dont let haters ruin your day man! can say whatever you want on here just let em be mad...
mikedogg08::do you love the irony?? LOL
Hoge Merrill::Thank you for your kind words, I apologize if I hurt you feelings... God Bless.
Chicagocold312::*going down to Fairfax County with my sawed off shotgun (hands on the pump) so i can ROB their rich hoe a.sses* lmao
63espn1234::I guess no one wants to talk about how the Nuggets made the Heat look horrible last night.
Knicks2DaDeath::Nope too busy talking about how Ty Lawson is the best pg since Magic...
Knicks2DaDeath::Top 5 is top 5 not all the point guards spread amongst 5 spots! TY LAWSON is not a top 5 PG in the NBA...
materazzi2323::20th top pg, the Bulls alone have 3 that are better than him LOL
Knicks2DaDeath::Maybe not, but top 5 clutch shooter to close out games i think so
Hoge Merrill::where would you put TY right now....Top 8, Top 10
stone419::haha funny
Knicks2DaDeath::Billups could be. def in front of TY
Hoge Merrill::Billups is top 5...
Knicks2DaDeath::Rondo Ring, Jkidd Ring, even westbrook and nash have some western conference appearences, let Ty do something besides beat the heat to earn that spot!
Hoge Merrill::Yeah, I wasn't saying all the PGs are spread out among the the 5 just saying the 5th spot is very debatable, and not far-fetched if you say Lawson.  No clear 5.  The only thing we can say for certain is Paul, Rose, and D. Williams are top 3.
Hoge Merrill::Carmelo is not a top 5 player!
mikedogg08::i say good day gents and people are all over me... well, if i really hurt your feelings or got you all worked up, then you are probably more of a WNBA fan, anyway.... good day to all and i mean it
mikedogg08::dick move
mikedogg08::classy!!! one might say "dick" is always on the tip of your tongue?
RunTheBall22::How many times are you going to say good day only to keep coming back.  just leave already
Hoge Merrill::"im flagging you"
Hoge Merrill::Ok eat a dick and leave already.
RunTheBall22::The game is changing and so is the PG position. you either roll with it or you get stuck in the muck with this idea that a PG can't score points. Other point guards can't do what Rose, Westbrook and some others can do. You can't take that out of their game just because you think a true  PG has to play a certan way. That is the kind of out dated thinking that will lose you games and get you nowhere.
superman253540::no kg, ray allen and paul pierce rule. consider yourself blessed mr rondo
LightSpeed1000::rondo:  1 ring westbrook: 0. cp3: 0 rose: 0  classic point guard always rules
Knicks2DaDeath::I dont think people mind pg's shooting but your pg shouldnt average the most shots per game unless your name is Derrick Rose! and to be honest he still needs someone to pass it to that can hit a shot consistently so his shots per game can come down
Hoge Merrill::Yep, alot has to do with if they look to pass first, not if they can score.  Thats what I love about European PGs
RunTheBall22::If Rondo could shoot the ball even just hit that mid range jumper he might have himself an MVP
jdsf73::Rondo has his moments where he shoots b/c the Big 3 are struggling. But still, his best strength is creating plays. Even Magic Johnson, they greatest PG ever, never was the go to guy for points, but when it mattered, he created his own shots to help the team.
RunTheBall22::True, you don't want a kobe like PG, but I really don't see that except for Westbrook.
Zeeklite::Are the Heatles still crying??
clam608::Yes, that's sad.
Hoge Merrill::Final Point:  1. Rose 2. CP3 3. D. Williams ...... ....... ...... 4. Rondo ...... ...... ...... ..... ...... ...... ...... ...... ...... ...... ..... ...... ..... ..... 5. Nash, Lawson, Curry, Parker, Westbrook, Jennings, Billups, Rubio, Kidd.... Debatable
LightSpeed1000::rondo is above deron williams.
mikedogg08::see, that shows the class of boston or LACK THERE OF... good day, i hope you hit the lotto
mikedogg08::just wanna say, ray allen is the best 3 pt shooter EVER... and KG is a PF..... wade and lbj need the rock to be successfull, they are not stand around shooters.... i had fun arguin sports and i think rondo is a top 5 PG, but he cant shoot worth a lick and thats all.... i wish you well, good day
dpas569::bye hater. hope you wreck your car today! :-)
Hoge Merrill::Honestly, I think I am under-crediting Nash, just his age, but yeah, alot of talent a PG
dpas569::no Mario Chalmers? lol. he plays with 3 HOF'ers so he should have a c-ship and be one of the top PG's in the league. you know, like Rondo. (sarcasm) smh!
dpas569::i completely agree. i'm beginning to think it's time to say bon voyage to Pierce and KG. i'd hate to see that, but they gotta show SOMETHING sometime soon! my panic meter is at 8 right now!
jpsalcid35::its rondos team (celtics) pierce and garnett just dont seem anything close like the were before. Allen is trying to get there.
jpsalcid35::pretty much. and the beauty of it is that many of the PGs outside the top 4 are still very good, and  a mix of young talent and veteran talent...  i cant remember the least time the NBA was so deep in PGs.
mikedogg08::alright gents, have a good day, im out.... go bulls
Hoge Merrill::ESPN moderators can eat a dick!
Hoge Merrill::Hmm im sure ill be on the next nuggets board/blog with the same username, but flag away.
mikedogg08::flagging.... i'll talk to you next week when you have some new name.... goood day....LOL
Chicagocold312::for you to flag someone is kinda sweet though...
Hoge Merrill::<i> ok dont forget this one dick!</i>
mikedogg08::no need to cuss on my post or at me.... thats weak-er
Snakes_::weak
Chicagocold312::yessir...
Hoge Merrill::Bulls can Eat a Dick!
tuxinator23::Sports.
jchmelka::Ty Lawson and Kyle Lowry are my favorite pgs
mikedogg08::lowry is very underrated... i like him alot too
