shovelpass08::Derron Williams is the Ryan Leaf of the NBA
Sina7ra::http://espn.go.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=acpwo57  Possible ?
Porkchop8920::Cavs wouldn't accept that
dog_has_fleas::Why? They aren't getting a whole lot for Varejao who cannot stay on the floor, this would be a dream.
SacKings..MinnVikingsFan::Adrian peterson banged Rex Ryan's wife
BearsSwag::Damn Cousins has been going off lately. That kids got to get in the all star game.
sjabruning::TRob is really starting to kick it in. I bet he will start before the end of the season
mdtuzo::my god! teletovic with 21 minutes! surely thats a season high
Celts_Patriots_Red Sox_Mavs::wat a game from the celtics
Celts_Patriots_Red Sox_Mavs::On to silence knick fans
brunick1::Cousins been going ham
CharlesRiver27::Rough night for Jimmer. Looks like Smart's got him back to the 3rd string guard. No wonder the kid can't get any rhythm. There is NO consistency with his minutes. A shooter like him can't be pulled or have his minutes drastically reduced when he starts missing a few shots. It's the opposite of that. But don't tell Smart that. The guy dislikes Jimmer personally and looks for ANY excuse to limit his minutes. Disgusting.
bergster391::plus the dude has been getting 15 plus minutes a game in at least the last handful of games (I might be off a little, but I don't think so).  And I'm pretty sure he's been in the minus for his last three games. 15 minutes coming off the bench isn't anything to sneeze at. You can't blame Smart for his lack of performing.
dog_has_fleas::Not a single player on that team not named Salmons, Cousins or Thompson gets consistent minutes.   I still have yet to see any proof that he personally dislikes any player on that team, stop pretending Jimmer is a victim and at least see that plenty of others minutes are inconsistent.
Grantox::what is up with jimmer the last few games?
schuylervillesux::jimmer is getting screwed, any reasonable human being can see that......
Markiemormon::Jimmer cannot play the game, he just cannot do it.  He's a draft bust through and through, so get over it.
razzledazzletj81::How many points did Jimmer give up in that game by shots or assists? Surely not the all of the 20 the team lost by. Not even close.
Chapmanx23::Smart takes him out, you gotta leave him in
Markiemormon::Jimmers failure to man up while on the floor is 100% his fault,  so quit pointing the finger at everyone else in the building.
footbawlll::Good win out there BKN.  We can really get on a roll here with our upcoming schedule.  Gotta win the games you are supposed to win...
KMartKidd56::Lol @ Kings fans that thought this game would be close. What a beat down.
SacKings..MinnVikingsFan::At the end of the day niether kings or nets are winning the championship so it doesn't matter lol
Lucian rice::thumb up if u were at game
SacKings..MinnVikingsFan::I was there, sitting next to jay Z, while beyonce was on my lap
Every Story Portrays Nonsense::The plays is tacky It has no character. It's no MSG,united center, or staples center
mdtuzo::as if youve been there... lol what a joke
Porkchop8920::Te Barclays Center is a great place to watch a game. It was my first time tonight
Thedevil25::Keep the wins coming boys.  Got Philly on the road, then 3 straight at home.  Lets be 8 above .500 before we head to Atlanta
footbawlll::right on
phunky58::rex ryan is a super freak
SacKings..MinnVikingsFan::He likes his wife rubbing his p..enis with her feet
phunky58::Hell yeah marshon!  so glad avery is gone so marshon can finally get the mins he DESERVES
JonahNYC::I'd wondered what happened to Brooks.
danjorams::When Tyreke gets back, I would like to see tyreke start at point and Jimmer start at the 2 spot.  with this senerio they both get to play in spots that they both like and favor.  On D Tyreke could covor the 2 and Jimmer could covor the shorter PG.  I think this would be intersting and think it could work but mart won't let this happen as he has 2 other gaurds that are under 6"0" tall and are no better on D than Jimmer
JonathanGeorgeRD::Jimmer is too slow to guard any point guard, horrible idea. Jimmer is a 2
Markiemormon::I think he plays the end of the bench position the best, the 13th man.  He didn't make the NBA bad contract list because of his clutch shooting, his superb ball handling or his heady defense.
Emoney321.000::Alright guys, i'm out. You guys are pretty cool, except for the knicks fans (and i know they're going to comment on this now, but whatever). See you all around
Premo S::I'm out too .. I'm sure there's some cool Knicks fans they just don't come to these boards .. good win for Nets, things are def looking up !! peace
Premo S::Can't Knicks and Nets fans at least agree that Rex Ryans tattoo of his wife in Sanchez jersey is creepy
KnickDiaz::Girlfriend?? ..... That's what you call it now?
Premo S::your an angry dude .. i'm gonna go puff and hang out with my hot girlfriend .. see ya Knicks loser
KnickDiaz::I was having fun talking smack with the usual nets fans .... But you keep posting gay sexually charged comments, then without knowing challenge my intelligence! ..... Talk basketball like I been saying..... If you wanna keep going with your profane posts expect the backlash
Premo S::if I owned my own company i wouldn't have time to harass people on another team's web page .. don't care if your Bill Gates you're still a loser
KnickDiaz::That's one of the perks idiot...... I don't have to work on Saturdays like you do ... I got time to relax  And talk basketball
KnickDiaz::B.A in architectural engineering and my own company  Premo ..... What you got ? ..... BlueGreenRed Llc .....google it b.itch! .....
Premo S::you sound real ghetto .. bet you don't even have a college degree .. just make sure you get my order right tomorrow when I swing by Dunkin Donuts
KnickDiaz::Boy I'm old enough to be your dad.....ask your mom ... Luckily I pulled out and jizzed on her face, didn't want to have a seed as dumb as you .....
Premo S::^ why don't you go beat off to Melo's poster and go to bed .. its past your bed time Knick boy
KnickDiaz::Wow dude .....just come out the closet already! .....
Premo S::@knickdiaz we're talking abut threesome with two chicks, not with two dudes like you're use to
KnickDiaz::Rex's wife and who's the other female you were talking about?.... Cause I don't see it in any of your post....
Premo S::Maybe Rex is hoping if he lets Sanchez bang his wife, Sanchez will pass his hot girlfriends over to Rex
KnickDiaz::What's twisted or freaky about a 3some?
NYChe21::Rex Ryan.
Rezo201::An old head coach and his mid 20's qb involved?
Rezo201::Rex and his wife are into freaky crap. I wouldn't be surprised if they are doing some kind of twisted threesome with Sanchez.
Premo S::def think Rex is in to some kinky stuff .. who knows
Emoney321.000::why the hell would he ever get something like that? If i were sanchez id be creeped out
NYChe21::Maybe Sanchez is hitting that and Rex is turned on by it.
NYChe21::Give me the chills just thinking about it.
UNCTarHeelz725.::Lol.
UNCTarHeelz725.::@65tarheel, Melo was the one who started talking trash, not Joe Johnson.  Last year after the Knicks beat the Nets (without Dwill) Carmelo was asked why he scored 20pts in the first half and only 6 in the second and he says "Well I just didn't need to try anymore cause the Nets are an easy team."
65tarheel::No joe johnson started it during the summer before the season. Shouldnt we agree by the way since we like the heels
NYChe21::Its getting to the point where the worst Knicks fans are trying to equal bad Yankees and Jets fans.
njnets0809::jets fans arent bad, just the team
NYChe21::Definitely.  Never rooted against them but I had to after Rex kept running his mouth after the first year.
UNCTarHeelz725.::No they've been annoying during those AFC championship years.
NYChe21::True.  To their credit, Jets fans stopped talking after Victor Cruz took it 99 yards on them last year.  And then Tebow.......ok, thats enough, its just too ugly to talk about.
UNCTarHeelz725.::Amen.  I think Knick fans are worse than Jet fans.  But not Yankee "fans."
Emoney321.000::Can't we all just at least agree on this? The new at&amp;t commercials really suck
Premo S::the problem w Knicks fans is that Nets fans are trying to enjoy our win by 20 points over team you lost to and you come on this board talking smack .. until you guys get out of the first round why don't you pipe down till the playoffs
Premo S::^ no one even knew your were gone so who cares if your back ..
KnickDiaz::K I'm back..... First off, Premo..... You're gay ....... Scrolled down n realized most of your post have the word D.ick  in it
Camaj77::The Knicks didn't put a billboard across from the barkclays center.  Dolan hasn't said one word about the nets, Melo hasn't said the Knicks are better, the nets  have done the exact opposite
Premo S::agreed .. Knicks are looking tough this year, but no one hangs their hat on regular season and since they haven't done squat in recent past they should chill out a bit
NYChe21::Making up for over a decade of irrelevance.  The best thing that happened to the Knicks is that the Nets moved to Brooklyn.  Now they have to actually defend their turf and to their credit, they have.  But...the fans still have no class.
65tarheel::Nets are like the Jets. A few wins and they talk about how great they are. Joe Johnson started the crap by saying they were the best team in NY. Not so far. Wow and Jay z owns a whopping 1% and he acts like Mark Cuban.
JonahNYC::Except the Nets have actually been to the Finals twice in the last 10 years.
Mets2410::I wonder if people realize that Joe was flat out asked twice who the best team in NY was. Of course he's going to say the Nets. He didn't go on a rant saying the Knicks suck, just a simple sentence saying he thinks the Nets are the best. Get over yourself.
oblique15::I heard it`s not even 1%
Premo S::Cuban has a small weiner .. Melo said so
NYChe21::Cuban has a chip.
Premo S::no Mark Cuban is an absolute dork and Jay Z is banging one of the hottest chicks on the east coast
njnets0809::i think you meant to say that the KNICKS are like the Jets. i havent heard a single KNICKS fan S T F U this year.
NYFanForever4.::GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO DDDDDDDDDUUUUUUUUUUUKKKKKKKKKKKKKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!
Juwansumonis10::Attention all Knicks and Nets fan. Before getting into any further arguments and debates, read this and move on since it always ends the same!  Typical Nets fan and Knicks fan argument :    NYK fan: Yo we da best, we own NY!!    BKN fan: How many playoff games have you won in the past decade?    NYK fan: Quit living in the past, it's all the present!    BKN fan: Okay how many playoff games have you won this year?    NYK fan: .................................
paulsaad::the problem is that knicks fan come over here when they dont just mind their own damn business over there
Premo S::NYFanForever do you not speak good English ? bc you type like it
NYFanForever4.::Haha, Net fans so stupid.
Camaj77::The majority of trash talking is coming from the Nets. From the owner to the players . What have you heard from anyone from the Knicks?
NYChe21::Joe Johnson isn't on this board.  Go tweet at him if you care what he says.
NYFanForever4.::Joe Johnson said "Nets are better than the Knicks."  He used the excuse that Melo called them an easy team last year but that doesn't cut it.
NYChe21::Are you serious?  Scroll down.  Every other thread is "Nets suck."  "Nets are garbage".
NYFanForever4.::Nets are the most overrated team of all time.
Emoney321.000::how??? what about the Lakers (this year)
spcoon::NYFanForever4. - "and were the best team in the league"  now i've heard it all. you're going to have a mighty wake up moment in the playoffs.
Emoney321.000::so you're hating us just because some guys picked us ahead of you? what they say doesn't mean s***. just ignore' em
NYFanForever4.::Cause you were preseason number 16 last year and you went 22-44.  This year you were picked ahead of us and were the best team in the league and you're just average and that's why I hate them.  It's really annoying to me.
Premo S::I'm liking how PJ is working the roster .. wouldn't complain if Phil Jackson was HC next year, but I think PJ is getting more out of these Nets than Avery was
NYFanForever4.::Knicks&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; everybody else
paulsaad::Premo S can probably kick your @$$ so mind ur business
Premo S::your curfew &gt; your comments
NYFanForever4.::NYFanForever4. &gt; Premo S
NYFanForever4.::Why are Net fans here if their team sucks?
ckonas::won 5 of last 6
dandegregs::Are you serious bro? Stop trolling on our board.
NYChe21::Because apparently they're fans that care about their team.
NYChe21::Then why else would I be here?
NYChe21::Quit liking your own comments.
NYFanForever4.::But you suck.
You_Got_Taped-NYK::OK Nets fans talk about the Knicks past when all they've had was a few finals appearances and a bunch of mediocre seasons.
one4daagez::I still say when it's all set and done Nets will have a better record than the overrated knicks this season.
Juwansumonis10::That only gets brought up when the Knick fans brag about the season their having now or when they talk trash about the Nets. Knick fans are in NO position to talk trash.
NYFanForever4.::Why is everyone assicociated with the Nets such a loser?
djny2k12::Says someone who is trolling the Nets board after a 20 pt. blowout victory over the kings....same team Knicks lost to....
Camaj77::The Knicks didn't have Melo, amare, shumpert or Felton. U think the nets would win without joe Johnson, deron, lopez and ?
Premo S::speaking of loser .. maybe you should go back to community college and learn to spell associated doooosh
The_JTrain::it's mostly hipsters and people from NJ.... so ya.
Juwansumonis10::Most ridiculous statement I've ever heard. Mikhail has shown a lot to me so far. If it wasn't for them signing JJ, D-will would of left. He cares about the team, he left his vacation early when the Nets were struggling to make the coaching change. This man is dedicated and wants to win NOW!
NYChe21::NY born and bred.
NYChe21::Yeah, Russian billionaire is a loser and so is Jay-Z I guess...........*rolls eyes, calls doctor for NYFanForever4*
NYChe21::Doesn't care about the team?  ARE YOU SERIOUS???? Get off this board.  He's been at the games before Avery's firing and was there afterwards.  If he didn't care he wouldn't have bailed out the entire organization during the recession.  He wouldn't have shelled out the dough for their best 3 players.  What are you talking about?
NYFanForever4.::Knick fans have more logic than Net fans.
NYChe21::I plainly refuted your statement.   Ask the Thunder why the Nets apparently don't win.
Emoney321.000::we've won 3 in a row, and one was against the thunder
The_JTrain::the russian guy is kind of a loser.  He didn't do anything to accumulate that wealth you know....  the guy doesn't even use cell phones.  He's an absentee owner who doesn't give a $@%! about your team.  These are facts.  Trust me, as a knicks fan I know a bad owner when i see one
NYFanForever4.::Than why don't you guys win?
Premo S::I Like how LOPEZ is starting to muscle up .. can't wait for him to deliver a facial while dunking right over Chandler
KnickDiaz::Do you nets fans realize everyone visits every board? .... I've had discussions with nets kings...heat ..bulls....rockets....celtics...etc. every fan!,.. On knick boards........that's why it's allowed.
Premo S::You Knicks fans are obsessed with Nets since your on our boards every night
KnickDiaz::Man you nets fans are obsessed with that D.ick word.....wow...... Talk basketball
Premo S::^ Nets #1 d i c k rider
KnickDiaz::It's 2 pts ........ And dunks happen every night .... Get over it! .....
NYChe21::Tell that to Tyson Chandler.
Rudibager::The Kings stuck a pencil in the Knickstape.
web37182::Boogie is ballin Allstar ..
The_JTrain::since you're so enthralled by the knicks, can any nets fan here explain to me how the Nets are having a better season than the knicks?
djny2k12::Knicks logic: Talk about how good they are in the regular season with atleast half a season remaining
djny2k12::Knick fans logic: Since Nets can't sell out their home games...Knicks are better.....couldn't really say much about the last decade so attack the Nets attendance.
NYFanForever4.::Net logic: Talk about the past.
Camaj77::The nets made the finals and couldn't sell out their home games
NYChe21::Which explains why they're in Brooklyn now.
Juwansumonis10::Still doesn't stop me from going to the games or being a fan!
djny2k12::You are going to brag about how good of a regular season the Knicks are having?  I guess since Knicks have only won 1 playoff game in the last decade....I can understand knick fans jumping for joy about their regular season record!
Juwansumonis10::I don't think anyone said their having a better season.
Camaj77::They haven't. Multiple 5 game losing streaks and fired their coach.
ckonas::right now were on a 3 game winning streak
The_JTrain::thank you
thekola::no net fan is enthralled by the knicks. everything was fine until knick fans jumped on the board for no reason and lowered the average IQ dramatically
NYChe21::So if nothing is a big deal and you have no problems...then why are you on a Nets board?
The_JTrain::it's great they got a win.  Have no problems. I know ur immediately liking ur comments out of the gate.  Don't lie now
thekola::dont kid yourself. youre not here to wish the nets well on a good W. you are here to troll. this has nothing to do with defending the nets season. and how am i liking my comments 3 and 5 times
The_JTrain::I'm not trolling you. I'm jsut asking for your logic.  It's difficult to defend this nets season.  You also keep liking your own comments...
thekola::no i dont know how many fans were on those boards. i am not a troll. so youre basically saying youre being a pathetic troll because someone else was a pathetic troll to you??? nice logic.
The_JTrain::do you know how many Nets fans were on Knicks boards at the beginning of the season?  This is what happens.  Kind of ur fault
NYChe21::^^THIS^^
surasosa::to the dip shiz who keeps hating on fredette because he hates morons.... vocals... and saying he cant beat anyone.... 5 games ago against the knicks, fredette went 6 for 7 for 15 points... dished out for assist, all in the second quarter alone.... and had the kings up 24 at the half... he played 4 min in the sec half and the kings squandered the 24 point lead and won on a last sec lucky 3 by one point..... not scrub min... abusing the knicks... then barely saw the floor again...
web37182::Jimmer should see more minutes. Guys really not a difference maker or makes his teammates better. Needs to be more consistent. When he's on fredette will give you buckets. Dude can shoot.. Defensive liability.
danjorams::defense is not as much of a liability as the meadia has made it out to be.  the Kings as a whole can't play D and the other guards except maybe evans are no better.  I've watched most of the games and from what I can see he plays at an average level.
David Lee 4 MVP::very good point here btw
David Lee 4 MVP::jus read ur other comment its all good go kings and go jimmer!!!!!!!!
David Lee 4 MVP::i liked ur comments until u started talkin about my city. What do u know about sac? only reason we might leave is cuz the maloofs lost their old money in bad investments in the palms. sac had the $ and the deal rdy 2 be signed until the maloofs started crying and backed out
Premo S::it's hilarious how 'proud' knicks fans are .. they're team hasn't won s h i t and hasn't done s h i t and they talk like crazy ...
Premo S::keep on trolling Nets boards and bragging about your regular season record half way through the season ...
KnickDiaz::How many times will u guys recycle that bogus statement? ..... How many times have the Knicks lost in the first round? .... We lost to the world champs last year ....no shame in that .... We won as many games against them as OKC...... Premo I think you're like 12 years old
NYChe21::Is Premo the one trolling Knicks boards?
Premo S::Knicks should get out of the first round before they start beating their chests
Emoney321.000::i know. And also for the record, after kidd, chandler is actually my next favorite on the knicks, mostly because of him with the mavs in 2011
The_JTrain::now now, chandler has a chip and a DPOY award.  He can do what he wants
Emoney321.000::tell that to chandler
KnickDiaz::What?
djny2k12::Wrong...Knick fans think they are the best team in the NBA! I pity them.
Camaj77::And the nets have done what?
djny2k12::And the knicks have done what...come again?
The_JTrain::not really...
Juwansumonis10::More then the Knicks.
Juwansumonis10::Typical Nets fan and Knicks fan argument :  NYK fan: Yo we da best, we own NY!!  BKN fan: How many playoff games have you won in the past decade?  NYK fan: Quit living in the past, it's all the present!  BKN fan: Okay how many playoff games have you won this year?  NYK fan: .................................
Juwansumonis10::Which brings me to my previous point. PJ has only coached the team against two playoff teams, the Spurs and Thunder and he's 1-1. Like I said, give him time and see how he does, it's too soon to tell. Understand now?
Juwansumonis10::Lose one argument and on to another huh? Nets are the ONLY team in the NBA with an undefeated record against teams under .500 (12-0). Their taking care of business against teams they should beat.
The_JTrain::It's not a good sign when you repeatedly get r.aped by playoff teams
Juwansumonis10::Flipping a switch? They are 5-1 since PJ took over, and they have shown moments of brilliance. Give the new coach time and see how they do.
The_JTrain::they had a good, signature win...  The rest have come against bad teams.  Also, the wiz took you into double OT.  5-1 is great.... Avery had a similar record to start.
The_JTrain::it's fair to say that the knicks are having a better season than the nets.  I don't know how you can debate this
NYChe21::Oh, did I say the Nets were gonna go deeper than the Knicks?  I'm still trying to find out why you guys are here.
The_JTrain::okay well i don't see this nets team somehow flipping a switch in the playoffs.  the knicks have proven title winners and an mvp candidate.  you really think Deron is leading you deep into the playoffs this year?
NYChe21::No one debates that.  One group of fans act like they've won the chip and the other just point out that they haven't.  There's no way you can debate that either.
Juwansumonis10::Point was regular season doesn't mean anything.
Juwansumonis10::Scroll down this board and see for yourself. I'm not too far off.
The_JTrain::this is not a typical conversation.  Usually the Nets fan poops their pants about half way through
BKNets123456::Knicks suck
The_JTrain::cept they don't
surasosa::i can not wait till fredette gets to hand pick the place he wants to go light it up at.... a place where teammates share the ball and dont leave on an island.... a place where he can get a ball screen and it be legit solid one....   where he is not frozen out... benched for solid play..... etc etc..... i will never let sacramento fans hear the end of it....  that is if that pathetic city can even keep their pathetic franchise... they certainly should.... they are made for each other....
danjorams::trade Jimmer to one of the teams in the north east.   Iwould go watch him play and yes he would play on most teams out there.
surasosa::and i mean it, i like the way u set me straight
danjorams::I agree with you to a point.  I do think there is something going on with him and being the only white boy but  Iwon't go as far as to say it's racism like others clame.  it does seem there is a lack of relationship or chemistry with his team mates and with one of the worst coaches I can remember.
danjorams::I guess but it may be more of a cultural thing where jimmer just doesn't relate to his teamates so they kind of leave him out.  His coach is the same way and just doesn't want to believe the good ol' boy has it in him.
surasosa::what u just said is racism... its just varying forms... and i didn't say it was racism.... i dont know what it is... its not basketball related... and its always been this way ever since he arrived in sacramento
surasosa::i know most of their fans up here i cant stand.... but the way u just stated that, i have to say, i have a different opinion about u...... well said.... let me rephrase and say to certain sac fans... it was a frustrated ignorant comment as a whole... and i apologize.. i was out of line
David Lee 4 MVP::ok bro well said its all good
David Lee 4 MVP::what do u know about sactown bro dont call us pathetic
Mets2410::Awesome win tonight Nets! Good game Kings fans best of luck to you guys.
NYFanForever4.::I wish both teams the worst of luck.
Emoney321.000::we all know
Emoney321.000::oh yeah, i know
boomdads75::Emoney321.000 - we all wish that your team loses in the first round.........again  no need to wish its a given
NYChe21::You're most likely right.  Sadly.
BKNets123456::lol @ Knicks
Emoney321.000::we all wish that your team loses in the first round.........again
njnets0809::do you like women
Emoney321.000::how has mets not noticed yet?
thekola::funniest edit ever
Mets2410::Haha hell no I hate them
danjorams::I think Jimmer played better when he was coming in as the back up PG but in the last few games he hasn't played any point but SG.  he plays better with the ball in his hand.
danjorams::jimmer just doesn't fit  to many gaurds.  trade hime please
Juwansumonis10::Question: Which fans are worse, Heat or Knicks?
The_JTrain::Bulls
NYFanForever4.::NEts.
NYChe21::Well Knicks fans have to make up for 12 years of irrelevance.  The Heat fans are just annoying but they did win it last year so we kinda have to swallow it.
Mets2410::Knicks
NYChe21::Conversations turn stupid every time a Knicks fan or Heat fan is on the board.
KnickDiaz::So if I understand correctly ...nets fan logic... If you lose a game to a team it means the team is better than you? .......
KnickDiaz::Just got owned????? ..... Who talks like that??? .... How old are you????
mcosenzo::Knicks remind me too much of the Magic from a few years ago talented no doubt but live or die by the 3. In the regular season they look awesome but come playoff time it really doesn't go over well when playing a higher caliber team in a whole series. Too one dimensional of a team.
Premo S::LOL yeah Knicks fans coming to Nets boards on Saturday night after we beat Kings by 20 makes Knicks fans d i c k riders .. suck it
djny2k12::If we are bored and you're coming here to troll....what does that make you genius?
KnickDiaz::I understand nobody comes to the nets boards......that's why we pay you guys a visit ...we know you're bored and thinks nobody likes your team ....
djny2k12::KnickDiaz...you just got owned!
thekola::youre on another team's board and we're the bored ones????
NYChe21::Yet this there are 4 different Nets fans responding to you right now.  On a Saturday night.
djny2k12::And when they do, how accurate will that prediction be!
KnickDiaz::We lost to the heat 4-1 last playoffs.. so did OKC ...... miami beat everyone, dont think the nets would have done any better.....for some reason you act like the knicks have always been eliminated in the first round........Man I hope we play the nets in the first round......
KnickDiaz::And when they don't how dumb will your statement look?
djny2k12::"Dude"....exactly my point....Knicks trolling doesn't make any sense!
mcosenzo::Bickering about regular season games is useless come back when the Knicks get knocked out of the playoffs in the first round again.
KnickDiaz::Dudes that makes absolutely no sense whatsoever......
NYChe21::There's no other smart logic to you being here other than that you have to overcompensate for your 2nd place team.  It makes no sense.  You have plenty to talk about in 2nd place.  You have nothing to talk about the Nets unless you're scared of them, which you apparently shouldn't be.
djny2k12::Knick fans trolling the Nets board after they beat the Kings by 20+....the same team they lost to......Knick fans are too worried about what Brooklyn is doing.
NYFanForever4.::We beat the Heat who you lost to.  SUCK IT!
tmacc14x94::we beat the kings who you lost to?
njnets0809::no thats actually your logic. and to a certain degree logics logic
tmacc14x94::no thats nba fan logic
AGermanTaco v2.0::Feels good to chat on a board with real fans and not bandwagoners... GG Kings, good night everybody!
Christopher Emmanuel Paul::Nets are a bunch of d.i.c.k munchers
AGermanTaco v2.0::Nice name, how many years did it take for you to write it fully? Till 8th grade?
Christopher Emmanuel Paul::Nets r a bunch of $@%!$
NYFanForever4.::You got that right.
djny2k12::Kings 106, Knicks 105
djny2k12::www.kleenex.com
NYFanForever4.::We had all our starters out.
Emoney321.000::excuses
