Matt Boggus::Prediction for this game..... KD scores a lot of points.
Keith Dennis::Hahah thats going out on a predictive limb!
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Matt give me a 100 pushups for the no brainier prediction lol.
Mickey Hughes::From the ft line...
Will Schmitz::Kendrick Perkins is having a whale of a season. 105 points, 117 fouls... 53 made shots, 56 turnovers.....can't do much better than that. LOL
Tyler Anwar::how can u have 53 fg and less points than 53 times 2
Will Schmitz::He's that bad.
Michael Woodlee::Tyler Anwar,  William doesn't know math
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Thomas with 27 pts, 4 asts, 1 rbs, 7-11 shooting, 4-6 from three's and made all 9 Free throws.  Player of the game for sure. pretty impressive for only being on the court for 21 mins.
Justin Jenkins::just give the MVP to Durant now.  dude is a beast.
Victor Mota::oh yea, and lets ignore the fact that Lebron leads his team in 3 categories. Now you tell me who is more important to their team, Lebron leads his team in 3 categories (PPG, APG, RPG) and Durant in 2 (PPG, RPG).   And don't give me that "Durant doesn't have Westbrook" or "Lebron has an All-Star team", Westbrook has played in 25 games so far this year while Wade has played in 30, so they are almost neck and neck. Also Westbrook and Wade are almost equals (based on production) and Ibaka is defensively what Bosh is offensively so they cancel each other out.
Austin Eastridge::Victor Mota oh yea lets ignore the fact that KD leads lebron in all categories except field goal percentage and assists.
Austin Eastridge::Victor Mota wait did you just say wade and westbrook are equals have you just lost your mind. Wade has no where the athleticism westbrook does ex 1 speed ex 2 hops and his defense is better than wades
Ernest Bagdasaryan::LOL wow the last 4 mins of the game has come to a crawling pace, very slow. Refs trying to get overtime pay lol !
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Cousins is on a roll, 6 pts, 3 rbs, 1 ast/blk all in 7 mins. Another double double coming !
George Jimas::if the refs didn't hate him, he would be able to play more than 30 minutes a game.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::George Jimas I know what you mean bro. One thing i dont like about the nba is the favoritism referees play with star players and are whistle happy against underrated players. Not exactly fair if refs can pick and choose when and who to blow their whistle on.
MaPa Law::And that was with Perkins on Court. He hasn't scored since Adams has been on... :-)
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Isaiah Thomas trying to outscore Durant, big heart from the 60th pick !
Dale Hammers::not trying right now... doing wont last the whole game probably, but hes flat out doing it right now
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Dale Hammers His resting now, hopefully comes out with the same fire in the 2nd half !
Ernest Bagdasaryan::all 29 teams kicking themselves for passing on THOMAS. ( 60th pick )
Dale Hammers::IT is turning heads to say the least
Ayn Bland::THAT was coasting.  Pay attention, Heat.
George Jimas::ya they are probably very worried... what was it 4-1 in the finals? when you guys had harden too.
Ayn Bland::Yeah, and the margin of victory was out of this world!  ::simpletons::
Austin Eastridge::George Jimas wow that was 2 years ago that has nothing to do with the subject. Heat are lucky they are in the East and not the West.
Robert Velovic::another SF that KD totally shut down
Adam Youman::meanwhile reggie jackson, whom they claimed to be so much better defensively than RW, lets isaiah score 38
Robert Velovic::Adam Youman simple rules i've learned by playing daily fantasy...dont take a sf vs Durant and dont take a C vs Pekovic lol
Adam Youman::Robert Velovic lol yea
Shawn Bento::KD is so dayum good
Tim Nalley::Just for the simple fact that KD has been able to keep this team afloat without Westbrook should be enough to get him his first MVP. I am a OKC fan but when they don't have BOTH KD and Westbrook, this team is very mediocre. Once you get past those 2 guys, this team has FAR less talent than Miami does when Wade sits out. As a matter of fact, its surprising that this team gets close to 60 wins when they have BOTH guys because this roster is pretty bad. They have a SG who cant shoot, ( sefelosha ) they have a center who only shoots jumpers, a PF that does a whole lot of nothing, and when you go to the bench, you have more of the same. Some pundits say that Reggie Jackson will fill the James Harden role when Westbrook comes back, and I can't see that because he plays just like Westbrook and needs the ball in his hands to be effective and, UNLIKE Harden, he won't defer to the 2 stars and make the pass, if he has the ball, its going up. Jeremy Lamb may end up being that 3rd scorer at some point, but how long will it be before you can trust him down the stretch? How man years will KD want to stay in OKC when they don't have the talent to get the ring? He, just like Lebron, will get sick of it eventually and take his talents to a team that will do anything, including pay a big luxury tax to win titles.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Cousins vs Perkins seems like an interesting match up. Gotta feel bad for the rookie Adams who is going to have to guard cousins 15+ mins today.
MaPa Law::Adams is a Kiwi... he'll enjoy the challenge... all he has to bank out of this is experience, which is all good.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::He will have a tough time guarding cousins !
MaPa Law::Ernest Bagdasaryan so far so good.
Adam Youman::This is what happens when KD is selective with his shots like lebron is. 30 points, 67% from the field, and 9 assists
MaPa Law::DeMarcus Cousins draws the foul... x7 so far... refs obviously biased towards him!
Jake Shames::From an SI article last April:"I've given up trying to figure out how to stop (Durant)," said Celtics coach Doc Rivers. "And I'm not kidding."
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Bad news kings probably lost this one, good news we are one step closer to top 5 pick !
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Carly landry debut this season, lets see what he can do, in 8 mins of a losing game !
MaPa Law::Can see that Adams is getting a lesson from Cousins... not! Go Steve!
Rene Covarrubias::Come on I need this game to go under 213!! Let's play some defense!!!
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Always and interesting run and gun offense when this 2 teams play. First comment of the game lol ;)   ( do i win something ? )
Dale Hammers::that 3 by IT was flat out sick
Michael Pappas::Kings win this one easy
Ernest Bagdasaryan::LOL i dont know if your being sarcastic, or serious. Kings have beat them before though.
Dale Hammers::Ernest Bagdasaryan when the Kings are on they can beat anyone, only question is which team shows up each day
Paul Garrett::Kd for mvp!
James Belandres::Everyone trashing Perkins, who was never brought in for offense production, are hilariously overlooking how terrible and mediocre Serge Ibaka has been the last two years, and that's the guy Sam Presti chose to keep instead of Harden.   OKC can't even put the Kings away, and people want to pretend they're a contender? For what? Getting tossed in the second round?
MaPa Law::No one's trashing Perkins. He's a good guy. Look at his and Adams stats and most counts are in Adams' favour. OKC need both... Adams stats are better when playing with bench players... All but five minutes of Perkins 700+ minutes on court has been with Durant.
Jared Keen::Ibaka was also cheaper and seemingly more needed. Hardens good but he seems so hot and cold in his games still even as a starter, Ibaka atleast is semi consistent and good for 10-10-2 type of stat line. Also shoots a good %. Lamb + Ibaka would be a good tradeoff for Harden when you take into account salary savings and tax costs.  Perkins is pretty terrible now stat wise. But hes big and can hustle other centers around and get them off their game. Adams, give it another year, will be the starter though and I wouldnt be surprised if Perks gets traded even this year.
