Doctor Banner::Orlando deserves credit for getting the win on the Bulls home floor. Its hard to figure out why Chicago when going up against a team such as Miami plays as if their lives depend on it. Yet, they don't have that same sense of urgency when playing sub .500 teams. This team with or without D-Rose was still considered to be dangerous. Plus, Coach Thibs has had the ability to get much out the team despite the injuries.   But now the fact of the matter is that teams such as the Magic are going to jump on the Bulls whether they're handicapped or at full strength. The other team wont lay down because you have injuries. This Bulls team other than Hinrich has no reliable, serviceable PG. It's yet to be seen what Augustine is capable of. Teague hasn't shown the progress he should.  The Bulls are in bad shape right now.
Jason H::I cant stand looking at Roses stupid face anymore. he needs to take his money and get an education - without cheating.. Either that or just fade away so people can forget about this dark period in bulls history
Steven McCormick::I just don't see how the scores got this close  . . .Boozer's rebounding like crazy, but he's not scoring . . . and the mighty Noah has chosen not the rebound, but his scoring isn't that great, either.  Guys,  Orlando just played last night, they should be tired.  . . . how is it they managed to beat the Bulls in all but the last quarter. Somebody call Michael Jordon and Scottie Pippin.
Bon Scotts::Whew, that was a close one. We almost won that, which would have been bad for our 2014 draft position.
bmciyama::Bryan, a Bulls win means nothing anyway.  They are not going anywhere after season end.
mark::It's good to see the Bulls are lighting up the scoreboard again!
Knickschamp Tumblr Com::prediction: Bulls 56 Magic 101
- LJ::oladipo has no chance against the super rookie top overall pick anthony the beast bennet...
Allan B::How did these guys ever  get into the NBA ?
another1::Saw the winning percentage at .391 and went to the stats looking for Eddie Curry
