Dirk Nowitzki 12X All Star 07RegularSeasonMVP 2011FinalsMVP::Great win mavs
Credil54::following a betting system named Sportsbettingstar the past few months. I've made around 2-3K a month profits using this systems advice. You will find the system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems. I have bet on sports for a long time and tried many systems in the past and nothing is as accurate as this one.
LetsGoMavs 2.0::The Mavs are trying to have some fun with their attempted climb back to .500, and Dirk is a leader of that movement; most of the players have vowed to not shave until they achieve that modest milestone.  "We said we're not going to shave until we're back to .500," Nowitzki said. "So it's been rough. There's been some itching going on. And since we're still down seven games below .500, that's a long way to go."
sworthin117::Nothing new to Dirk
Patrick Jane is Red John::Mayo is slowly turning into a Star. This is what people expected from him when he came out of high school and college. Mavs should resign him!!
lakers2013champzssssss::this is great for lakers, thx mavs
I3UTTON::lol as if the Lakers are going to make the playoffs.... haha that's laughable
lakers2013champzssssss::idk whos liking my comments right away... weird..
sworthin117::You should be thanking the Blazers for losing.  They sacrificed the most
sworthin117::you must really "like" yourself...
lakers2013champzssssss::either way, im happy
Dirk2XMVP::Mavs might not be contenders this year but they sure make playoff games very interesting and exciting. Hope they make it for their 13th straight year. Go Mavs
Cowboy5XSBChamp::Failblazers
sworthin117::You bet your gosh darn rear end we are!
ouchmeloisoutnowwhat::This is some pennant  race we have in the NBA for the 8th slot this year. It has the worlds attention.   -Lance Armstrong
Cowboy5XSBChamp::who cares. Spurs are winning it all
sworthin117::I predict they go undefeated for two series in the playoffs.  But then get swept...
sworthin117::I give that a 5/10
BaySports 1.1::Dude that's just awful.
sworthin117::strike two
ouchmeloisoutnowwhat::Well would of brought it but I am hiding from the feds and I am being sued for Millions, so a little busy right now   - Lance Armstrong
47riley47::If you bother to read my post from the start of this conversation, i stated that i would laugh at Portland fans if the trail- blazers lost. I Happily Did
sworthin117::I dont believe you
47riley47::I thought someone would say that, God I'd laugh at you Portland fans if you lose today 6 fans likes this. February 6 2013, 10:26 PM
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Mavs will always own the mediocre Blazers. Beat them in the 03 and 2011 playoffs and the regular season matchup. Even beat them when the Mavs are playing their worst basketball since 1999.   This years matchup (Mavs lead 2-1) 1.) Mavs 114 Blazers 91 (Without Dirk) 2.) Blazers 106 Mavs 104 (NBA said the REFS messed up with the call) 3.) Mavs 105 Blazers 99
47riley47::How many rings will settle this
caleadams::154 games played all time.  Blazers regular season record against Mavs 74 - 60.  Blazers playoff record against Mavs 11 - 9.  http://nbauniverse.com/head_to_head/trail_blazers_vs_mavericks_all_time.htm
sworthin117::pwned
BaySports 1.1::Good for you dude.
Kobelies247::Go Clippers :D
sworthin117::Uh, I guess.  Unless they are playing the Blazers
sworthin117::They played well in the first half.  Not so much in the second.  Well fought game
Kobelies247::I watched the Blazer game tonight, Actually thought they would win....
CBass1317::Can't believe I am saying this, but Craig Smith and Patty Mills would be looking pretty good off the bench right now.  I have never seen a worse second unit.  Aren't there gunners in the D league?  I don't care if a guy can't play D, just stick him out there for 15-20 min and let him chuck.  Our second unit cannot even see the rim.
sworthin117::That gunner you are talking about it Luke Babbit, a gunner who can gun in any game but an NBA game.  It doesnt always work out.  Patty Mills would be good, but wouldnt make us a whole lot better
WonTheDay::25-24 &gt; 21-28 ... Enough said.
thanbai206::down 6 and still foul with 8s man up and except the lose or game are rigged
CBass1317::Gotta love the degenerate gambler reasoning.  You have to be a complete idiot to bet on the NBA.
sworthin117::How can you even understand what thanbai206 is trying to say?
Titans_ are_ Oilers::TCU BEAT KANSAS WOW!!!
Minnysota Vikings::Congrats on the win Mavs!
Delonte East::Thanks Miami and Dallas, you guys helped the Lakers out by beating Houston and Portland
sworthin117::Lakers are winning the ship
j3ffan12::The Mavs need to acquire the other James...LOL
iCrixus::lol no kiddin on the humor part...
sworthin117::HAHA...poor humor
big145fly::Damn it management make a deal and add some depth!! our starters destroyed Dallas Tonight.. 9 bench points??? seriously?? Worst bench in NBA history..
brownbear541::its gotta be close to the worst. our starters if they could have some help, this team would be pretty good
I3UTTON::Mavs &gt; Jailblazers
49ersGoat::Except by record, franchise playoff appearances, etc.  But hey, a regular season win is something to be proud of!
I3UTTON::your franchise is 10 years older than the Mavs' franchise idiot lol. of course they have more playoff appearances.
chris23562::...because the Mavs didn't win the last postseason series or anything?
brownbear541::the jailblazers? really? lol. haven't had any of those guys on the team for years now. what a clown.  stop liking your own comments, it kills kitties
_Blue...::yesssss. how you like it LMA.  OJ in yo face
LetsGoMavs 2.0::Blazers will continue to be the most mediocre NBA team of the decade. I wanted you guys to win but you guys are tooooooooooooooooooo mediocre to even win. That joke team will never win a NBA title. $@%! you blazers  Couldn't even beat the worst Mavs team since 1999. What a JOKE the BLAZERS ARE
Dadsterbug::Blazers might be mediocre...I'll give you that.  But so far our $@%! is running down the ladder onto a Dallas team!
brownbear541::you are such a moron. have you seen our bench? they score like 9 points tonight lol. give me a break. our team is good. they're above .500 when  EVERYONE thought we'd have lke 10 wins right now. get a f.ucking clue
49ersGoat::Are you near the top of a tall building?
Eg214::Mavs Cover is Good
Dadsterbug::Out coached again.  Mavs made adjustments at end of 3rd qtr...Blazers didn't.
Dadsterbug::And with 15 players on the roster...8 of them are either rookies or 1 year bench warmers.  It's too much to ask for a rookie &amp; 4 vets to cover 90% of the scoring every game!
brownbear541::yeah no kidding.
BaySports 1.1::9 bench points.
ClydeTheGlide_22::nah you mean olshey... he has said that he thought the plan was going to be to miss the playoffs this year, he didn't know that lillard and hickson would end up playing so well
big145fly::Please Paul Allen has never been one two skimp on dishing out dollars.. Everyone assumed we would be a 10-12 win team.. why add depth at that point??
Dadsterbug::The blame for lack of bench points lies directly with Paul Allen.  He's the one that refused to open his wallet for decent players.
brownbear541::i guess? just missed threes in the second half. make two of those in the second half and its a tie ball game (presumably of course)
Him Down Stairs::What is there to do in Portland besides shovel through GARBAGE?
big145fly::PDX is microbrew central right?? Nuff said
mason8181::Thereligionofpeace.com    shows islam is a religion of peace... no really ... it does... seriously.
AdamFinesse::Another team held to under 100 points? WOAH
Jack Herrer is my Friend::ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!
Him Down Stairs::Portland the city of GARBAGE
sandman2685::Cleveland is depressing...I rather shoot myself than live there....No wonder Lebron left
_Pyro27::It's cheaper to live in Texas.
Him Down Stairs::at least it's cheap to live there
lehmanator123::try Cleveland. That whole place is garbage!
brownbear541::f.uck off d.bag
Jack Herrer is my Friend::ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!  ALLAH AKBAR!
sandman2685::Jesus Christ Dude!!!!!
lehmanator123::The NBA is better when the Mavs are in the playoffs. seems like they always have entertaining series.
sandman2685::Good Game Blaz!!! You guys have a nice team, too bad your bench sux
ClydeTheGlide_22::<b>Something Blazers and Mavs fans can agree on.... the Lakers are terrible.<b></b></b>
mason8181::You dont know that.
brownbear541::yes. in fact i do.
mason8181::You both are dumbasses. Every team that will make playoffs will rather play the Mavs or Portland over Lakers.
ClydeTheGlide_22::Any of the top 6 or 7 seeds in the playoffs would probably sweep the LOLkers.
brownbear541::somehow i doubt that; lakers would get clowned on in the playoffs right now
_Pyro27::I think everyone in the NBA can agree on that as well.
brownbear541::dude seriously. whats with all the dbag laker fans here all of a sudden? is this for real? you're trolling us right now? get a f.ucking life
Sarge blocks your shot::They're mad Pau Gasol is out for 4-6 weeks. They're going nowhere.
Sarge blocks your shot::SARGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
terpsravensmavs::Portlands bench output was nice
brownbear541::just horrendous.
wreckem tech101::<b>GG.... Rick Calisle 500 wins Congrats  Mavs aren't dead catch y'all at the next.  <b><u><i>MFFL</i></u></b></b>
_Pyro27::Peace out and HOOK 'EM! lol
HelloMyNameIsKendall::Next up. Golden State.
_Pyro27::Another game in which the Mavs are thinking revenge.
HelloMyNameIsKendall::We've got it!
Plz Fire Coach Rick MFFL::dam
Greygoose crew::Thx mavs ..Portland sucks
Greygoose crew::16 rings make them great only Boston has room to talk ...Only
49ersGoat::How are they doing in 2013?
brownbear541::way to live in the past. the team i see on the floor righ tnow sucks balls like your mom
49ersGoat::What does that make the Lakers who have a worse record?  Hot garbage?
brownbear541::mason8181 - Lakers got nothing to do with this loss. So get off their diks.  he's a lakers fan lol. so it actually does.
49ersGoat::Greygoose is a Lakers fan, so I'll say what I want.  Stay out of my business.
mason8181::Lakers got nothing to do with this loss. So get off their diks.
brownbear541::so does your mom and sister
HelloMyNameIsKendall::Woo! Go Mavs!!
_Pyro27::Only 5 games back now Mavs fans.
Him Down Stairs::Portland and Garbage have something in common
brownbear541::your mom says hello
bcouch3::After brown bear got to her
Him Down Stairs::My MOM IS DEAD HOMIE
wreckem tech101::<b>Yes sir Mavs!!!!</b>
Sarge blocks your shot::Great game Portland. Y'all fought hard and had me worried the whole game.
Sarge blocks your shot::This has been an incredible game. Can't ask for better entertainment than this.
Marqui6852::Told you blazers fans we gon get you back
brownbear541::meh... whatevs. still a game over .500 right now.
sandman2685::Good Game Roddy...No More MIKE JAMES!!!!!!
BleedRedandBlack93::Hell, even DoJo is better than Mike James
Plz Fire Coach Rick MFFL::Who???..Mike james!!
Him Down Stairs::WHO!?
brownbear541::whats with the dbag laker fans here all a sudden? for real? you guys blow balls. shut up
scottpilgrim30::Howard playing = worse for Lakers. and no Pau Gasol? pwahahahahhaha have fun vs a REd hot Boston tomorrow
Plz Fire Coach Rick MFFL::howard not even playing tomorrow lol
UMBCnismo::Portland plays final 18 of 22 games on the season against over .500 teams. Yup, no playoffs for Portland.
brownbear541::im glad all the laker fans are here now... shut the hell up. no one even thought we'd be as good as we are this year anyway. you're an idiot.
UMBCnismo::Haha, Lakers fan? I am not a Lakers fan.
Danny26278::lie
UMBCnismo::Um, how? Go check for yourself.
49ersGoat::Fact: Portland has a winning record against over .500 teams this year.
