mr_etisalat::I doubt heat lose 3rd straight to bucks..
Wadeis30andDone::Its Funny how heat fans loooove lebron yet they wont even acknowledge the fact that hes the best player on the heat and that its his team smh...but you guys love him tho right? hes the greatest right? he leads the heat in just about every  statistical catergory imaginable lol its just not rational....my point however is you guys rather hang on to an expiring dwade who will only continue to get hurt, miss games, and be less and less effective as evident ( this year) than embrace lebron as the face of the heats future..its says alot about how you guys really feel about lebron despite his great numbers..
clutchwilkins::Shane Battier should never be on the court longer than Udonis Haslem.  Another example of bad coaching from Spo.  Don't get me wrong, Battier is a nice guy with a lot of character and hustle but he plays way too many minutes for his low level of production.  Defense is great, but Battier consistently underperforms when it comes to rebounds, points, and assists.  His player efficiency ratio is one half the NBA average.  Truth be told, he doesn't get a lot of steals or blocks either.  I'm not saying Shane shouldn't play.  He just shouldn't play as much.  Mike Miller and Terrell Harris can ball.  Hopefully we'll see Battier's minutes go down when Wade comes back.  Hopefully...
Rossi46Doctor::Heat fans abandoned this board... LOL they can't take any more abuse
mintzerkj4eva::Got to hit the road  You guys take it easy
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::Peace out man.. !! have a good one
drinking beer with cutler::Hahaha good game Heat. Go Bulls!
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Hey, remember that time when Jordan's Hall of Fame teammate said that LeBron was the Greatest Player of All Time?  He didn't even need to see LeBron win a single ring to say that either... that's a testament to how much more special LeBron is compared to anyone else in history.
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::did you see him say he didnt mean to put it like that?
nba is the worst::I disagree. The idiot above claimed Pippen said lebron "was" the Greatest Player of All Time" - when his actual words were "may be".  One is declarative, the other conditional.
Asif11111::Thats still a pretty bold statement and the initial point stands
nba is the worst::There you go again making stuff up. The quote:  "Michael Jordan is probably the greatest scorer to ever play the game. I may go so far as saying LeBron James may be the greatest player to ever play the game."  Big difference, actually
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::yea........... that doesnt seem right either,,
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::He can backtrack all he wants after talking with Jordan... but the fact of the matter is at one point in time in his life he sincerely thought a ringless LeBron was the greatest player who ever lived, and he said it publicly.
nba is the worst::I love the "lebron didn't have enough help" in Cleveland argument - especially after his alltime Finals record scoring decline in a home series.
peezyfreshbaby57::Im sorry name one good player on that team! Its a valid arguement! And fatigue was an issue for him too! He carried that team and you know it!
Asif11111::Because hes MICHAEL JORDAN! G.O.A.T.
mjsanders::Ok, so how come fatigue was NEVER an excuse for MJ?  He carried the Bulls offense for 12+ seasons w/o a teammate avg'in more than 21PPG!!!
mintzerkj4eva::He didn't have a good enough supporting cast in Cleveland. But last year he basically lost the team a championship.
cavintampa::Yes you can put It all on Lewaldo because hes the "Frozen One"
mintzerkj4eva::Yeah I know. But for me most of the blame has on him. Miami can't win if he doesn't play like his normal self
illestprospect::...like it all gets puts on Rose?
D-Nice891::can't say that, he played just as bad as wade did against chicago. Stats are basically identical. wade could not lead the team to victories. people forget about wade's missed free throw that could have won a game and his fumble of the ball out of bounds in OT. Teams lose together and win together. You can never put it all on one player like that.
D-Nice891::yeah he faltered last year, he's human the pressure prob got to him. Ever think about that one?
mjsanders::The difference btwn those legends &amp; LBJ is that they didn't COMPLETELY DISAPPEAR in the Finals that they lost!!!
Asif11111::Shaq lost two finals if im correct. As did magic kareem and bird
mjsanders::Pressure NEVER gets to the true greats -- MJ, Magic, Bird, Hakeem, Duncan, Shaq, Kareem, etc., etc., etc...
mintzerkj4eva::Why must you people push these James being better than MJ talks so much. Even if you were to make a case to compare any player to an all time great. Im sure it would be best to wait til both of their careers are over.   Its getting out of hand.
TheSixthHeatle::So they can one at least one argument after several fails.
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::Or we can simply say..  Mj is great... Kobe is great... Lebron is great.....  We know they're all great in their own way.. all we know is, they're not the same..
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::lol
mintzerkj4eva::lol dang it
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::......lebron is a garbage.. lol
mintzerkj4eva::yes indeed.
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::its sports.. people will always argue.. lol.   I talk a lot of shi** about lebron (my Laker fan in me)... but as a bball fan, i enjoy watching all those guys play.. because every single one of em deserve to be there... we ALL wish we could... respect!! lol
mintzerkj4eva::But of course that isn't enough for everyone.
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::I bet if MJ were in the NBA now, Lebron wil be like..... a luke walton..
peezyfreshbaby57::This guy is talking out his a.ss
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::Of course i am.. but yet.. sound 10x's  smarter than your average Heat fan
D-Nice891::Fact of the matter is that LeBron did not have a championship caliber team in Cleveland. Just because you get best regular season does not mean you are best team. LeBron had no other player in cleveland that demanded a double team or could create their own shot. This is LeBron's second year with a real squad. Kobe and Shaq didn't win their first year or Jordan and Pippen btw.
peezyfreshbaby57::Dirk had Jason Kidd, Shawn Marion, Jason Terry, JJ, and Tyson Chandler! That was a very deep team
Asif11111::Tyson Chandler Perhaps and Barea. Mavs are performing subpar without those two
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::barrea..... maybe he was moving so fast past everyone i thought they trying to double team him
nba is the worst::Any of those guys "demand a double team"?
mjsanders::Right &amp; who exactly where Hakeem's teammates in '93-'94 or who was Dirk playin w/ in last yr's playoffs?  Excuses are for mothers, dude!
mjsanders::Very good comparison!  The key difference tho is that Shaq was on that '06 Heat team during one of his last seasons as a true star player!  If DAL had CButler for the playoffs last yr, then the comparison would be really be accurate.  But since Butler went down on New Year's, that Mavs run thru last yr's playoffs looked much more like the Rockets in '94.
Asif11111::That Mavs team was stacked though...many veteran all star caliber players. Reminiscent of the 2006 Heat Championship squad but not the same degree
mjsanders::Tony Parker is a future HOFer, seriously?!?  The question wasn't whether Pip COULD demand a double.  The question was how often did that happen when he played with MJ.  I actually watched both 3-peats &amp; I can tell you that doublin Pip was a very rare occurrence.  MJ carried those teams offensively, NUFF SAID!!!
mjsanders::Btw, since Dirk won it as the only star just LAST SEASON, that could be the start of a new trend, you never know...
D-Nice891::ginobli and tparker are future hall of famers. Nuff said. And yes pippen could demand a double team and also could guard the other teams best player.
mjsanders::If you wanna go there, did teams really double Pip?  And Ginobilli &amp; TParker are nice players, but superstars they were/are not.
D-Nice891::2 times in NBA history..that is not a trend.
peezyfreshbaby57::Michael Jordan himself couldnt take get the CAVS a ring with the team Lebron took to the finals!
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::i bet he could
abenezer44::if micheal jordan was in his prime in 2007, with the no handchecking rules, not only jordan would led the cavs to the championship, he wouldve averaged 50 points
nba is the worst::Sure he "could have"
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::What it takes to make a Finals team with Michael Jordan:    1 - Hall of Fame teammate (Pippen)  1 - All-Star big man or better (Grant, Rodman)  2 - Hall of Fame coaches (Jackson, Winter)    What it takes to make a Finals team with LeBron James:    5 - people off the street (4 to be teammates, 1 to act as head coach)
peezyfreshbaby57::That was actually great!
abenezer44::do u think lebron is better than jordan?
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::he does
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::I never thought you could make lebron look worse.. but having fans like you... i guess its possible
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::Ol' well .. gotta roll with the punches... and keep creating names.. lol
mintzerkj4eva::damn lol
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::lol i guess so.. someone really doesnt like me..
mintzerkj4eva::lol is someone flagging you or something?
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::I know!! lol.. its getting bad.. i really dont know what i said this time
mintzerkj4eva::Another username lmao really dude
mintzerkj4eva::sigh
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Bulls with Jordan in 1993:  57 wins Bulls without Jordan in 1994:  55 wins  Cavs with LeBron in 2010:  61 wins Cavs wothout LeBron in 2011:  19 wins
nba is the worst::*Cavs also without their head coach, 1st assistant coach, both starting and backup centers, their 1st reserve 6th man combo guard, and also their starting PF/top rebounder for most of the season
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::Heat without Lebron...1 championship... your stats mean nothing to me!!!
abenezer44::lebron in 2010-2011 with wade and bosh= 0 rings  jordan=6rings lebron= 0 rings  jordan played in era of handchecking, and lebron didnt
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::and lebron doesnt****  Just helpin you out.. relax
illestprospect::1995 Bulls could probably beat most any team in the NBA in a 7 game series. Could last years' Cavs say the same?
mphilip87::it was reported that heat players were crying in the locker room after losing to the bucks
mintzerkj4eva::Sources?
mintzerkj4eva::Who? lol
nba is the worst::Onion Sports Network
mintzerkj4eva::Patriots or Giants
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::packers
mintzerkj4eva::lol
D-Nice891::Giants
peezyfreshbaby57::Bulls fans need a life!
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::we all do!! lol yay!!
D-Nice891::what are haters gonna do when LeBron wins a ring?
illestprospect::I'll stop watching basketball
abenezer44::hes in his 9th year and has no ring, i repeat no ring
mintzerkj4eva::Sure he still has time
D-Nice891::7 years in cleveland. Nuff said
mintzerkj4eva::does that means it too late?
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::"Finally!!!'  -haters across the world
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::Most likely.. But for me. I wont.. like i said.. Lebron has the Talent to become better than Jordan.. why wouldnt i wanna see that as a BBall fan?.. question is .. can he?... nope
D-Nice891::no way, they will def start making up ref conspiracies and then start saying one ring means nothing. Watch
abenezer44::The Miami Heat where celebrating imaginary championships happens
abenezer44::the team of the greatest player of all time, and six championships.
saadenger11::the Bulls you idiot. he roots for the Bulls.
brandonlee561heat::Still living in the past...
D-Nice891::again, what team do you root for?
abenezer44::heats fans think the heat are defending champions, u are not u are losers like everyone else not named the mavs. so dont feel mad when another fanbase say we are better than the heat, cause unless u have a we are a  champion reply, the trash talking will continue
abenezer44::^^^ are the heat champions?
brandonlee561heat::The 2nd best team in the East last year.
D-Nice891::what team do you root for?
brandonlee561heat::how long has it been since the Bulls beat the Heat?
illestprospect::Last May...
D-Nice891::nope, eastern conference champs. THose banners do get raised.
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::true.. you won a small battle...but the Mavs won the whole war.. doesnt really matter what anyone got last year.. if it wasnt a NBA Championship trophy
D-Nice891::nah idc about that but he said we are losers like everyone else, but everyone else can not say they are a conference champ and were in the finals.
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::..........only Non-Champions care about the Conference Final banners.. lol
D-Nice891::Heat still take every teams best shot because if a team can beat them it is a major confidence boost just like the Bucks player said. There are going to be nights when the other team is just playing harder. None of it matters because we saw what regular season records meant in the playoffs last year. The only new obstacle keeping the Heat from another Finals appearance is Rip Hamilton? LOL
illestprospect::He's done or the year moron. And so is Rose.
illestprospect::Lol just being a fool. Although, I don't trust what Rose is going through. I'm just preparing myself in case he's just a shell of his former self before his contract is even up.
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::@illesprospect... what are you talking about?
illestprospect::I'm sorry, you're right. He's possibly done for his career.
D-Nice891::Rose is done for the year huh? lol
RunTheBall22::that was a very Lebron like performance from Williams of the 49'ers last night, now we know what Lebron would have looked like on the football field
D-Nice891::except lebron would be a wide receiver.
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::smooth..lol
D-Nice891::pause i was thinking about baltimore.
brandonlee561heat::lol
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::williams is a wr
mjsanders::Hold up, I thought MIA was supposed to be such a deeper team this yr?  What happened to Haslem, MMiller, Battier &amp; Cole last night?  11pts COMBINED, seriously?  Bottom line: the supposed best plaer on the planet &amp; a top 5-10 PF should be enough to take the Bucks @ home.  Fatigue is never an excuse in pro sports, lockout or not!!!
D-Nice891::tired, back to back, probably didn't get "up" for this game...sh-t happens.
brandonlee561heat::The reason someone coined the phrase "Can't win 'em all" is for people like you.
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::yeah, that was dumb of Lebron to say..
brandonlee561heat::I'll be the first to say, that was stupid as fuck.
BlkMexMamba_RunnungOutOfNames::Well... who made up the phrase.."not 1 not 2 not 3 not 4...".. sounded like you were gonna win em' all
peezyfreshbaby57::lctngo0227......Why are you here? Heat dont play your scrub Bulls until sunday!
illestprospect::Heats fans are going to get depressed when they play the barely functional Bulls :(
D-Nice891::Losses like this will happen in this shortened season. 4 games in 6 days is tough especially when three of your opponents are lakers, spurs, and an athletic sixers squad. Same reason the THunder lost to the Wizards. All that matters for the Heat is being healthy come playoff time. If they can do that, it'll take a miracle for them to lose in a 7 game series.
nba is the worst::All it will take is playing a better team, just like last year.  West &gt; east, as usual
D-Nice891::there is not a better team in the west this year.
RunTheBall22::no, Lebron will do what he does best and choke in the 4th so they wont win anyting
D-Nice891::who will?
dannyginer::i would love to see heat vs magic in eastern conference finals. if D12 stays this season with the magic, the magic will beat the bulls and shut ictngo0227 up. lets go heat!!!!!!!!!!!!!
nba is the worst::Umm, right now the heatles are the 6th seed and would play a road series vs the Pacers, followed by the Magic
dannyginer::right now but theres still lots of games to go duh
RunTheBall22::Yeah right, D12 is all they got and he's not enough, we already beat them down once this year
illestprospect::...not if Bulls miss the play-offs. Do you people pay attention to anything but the Heat???
brandonlee561heat::I dont dislike them at all, I dislike Bulls fans thinking the Bulls are better than Heat.
illestprospect::Lies lies lies. You can't dislike them AND have them make the play offs
brandonlee561heat::They <i>will</i> make the playoffs
lctngo0227::You guys say Bulls fans should stop living in the past well aren't you guys dwelling on how far you went into the playoffs last season? Ohh how smart you are.
brandonlee561heat::Not I, last year matters not.
peezyfreshbaby57::lctngo0227......This guy is idiot he thinks that the date you joined ESPN, has anything to do with basketball IQ!  What a reject!
peezyfreshbaby57::Case closed that didnt prove anything about me joing this site!
peezyfreshbaby57::Well im at work! I actually have a life unlike you! Ill be honest imma Lebron fan before im a Heat fan
lctngo0227::Thank you case close.
lctngo0227::Tells me when you became a Heat fan. It took you an hour to respond? Smart move.
dannyginer::ictngo0227 the bulls had the best record last season in the  east  and my heat still kicked there a$$. records dont matter come playoff time the heat will kick ur bulls a$$. the heat will probably finish with the best record
illestprospect::They won't meet up this year you idiot.
illestprospect::No, I know Chicago's history lol.
perrypete::you have that book from back to the future?
dannyginer::ictngo0227 get over it ur bulls suck and so do u. the heat will kick there a$$ come playoff time.
lctngo0227::My Bulls got the best record right now if you call that sucking than you are delusional. You did lose this game you realize that don't you?
brandonlee561heat::dont have the messages saved on this computer, but many Bulls fans said that.
lctngo0227::Did I? Geeez I didn't say anything and I know it. Did you save the messages?
brandonlee561heat::"Yeah tell me that when they win the Finals. NEXT"  That is what you said last year! <b>ROFL</b>
lctngo0227::Yeah tell me that when they win the Finals. NEXT.
brandonlee561heat::I know, i remember you saying that, i was speaking to "lctngo0227"
illestprospect::Oh and I didn watch the Finals. Or the EFC for that matter. They blew it for me in the Hawks series.
brandonlee561heat::Of course they lost, but like I reminded the other Bulls fans, while the Heat were playing, the Bulls and their fans were watching. Next.
illestprospect::Farther than they've been in 13 years lol
lctngo0227::The Heat sure got far against Dallas. NOT!
brandonlee561heat::How far did the best regular season record get you last year? Oh thats right..stop while you're ahead!
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::LeBron is a more cerebral player than MJ.  He has a higher basketball IQ than MJ, which is why he's a much better passer.  When LeBron is on the floor he's calculating every different possibility and the chances of it's success... like the Terminator.
perrypete::jordan averaged 8 assists and 8 rebounds in the same season!
lctngo0227::And he told you this in your sleep? That's God awful close to a dream.
nba is the worst::Lol - lebron thinks "clunker" is a "college word"  Didn't even know what contraction meant.  Unaxeptable
lctngo0227::Yeah Heat fans hate D. Rose like he's good. We hate LeBron James because he sucks. I want my fourth quarter back son!
perrypete::this is just ignorant!
lctngo0227::I didn't say he should of stay did I? Nor did I say he should of went to Chicago. So that's my opinion.
perrypete::so he should have stayed in classless cleveland and work for classless dan gilbert?  horrible opinion!
lctngo0227::If LeBron was really good he didn't need to head to South Beach. Just my opinion.
dannyginer::ha ha ha not funny brah
lctngo0227::I know it was funny ALL SUMMER LONG! hahaha
dannyginer::WADE is the best  in the nba
Wadeis30andDone::best at getting hurt..
dan torell::There are a lot of best players... i would put him as One of The Best....
perrypete::best what?
nba is the worst::best at flopping and crying for calls when not even touched
perrypete::i needed a good laugh!
dannyginer::best player in the nba
RunTheBall22::at sitting games out?
peezyfreshbaby57::Alot of Bulls fan are stuck in the glory days of MJ, its really sad because they will never win a ring again!
dan torell::The Bulls can win championship... when Lebron, Wade, Bosh retires.... [not a Heat fan here]. Just my opinion.
illestprospect::They Miami Heat will have very little in the Bulls not winning a title
perrypete::all basketball fans are stuck in the glory days of mj!  it was basketball back then!  good team defense, very few flops, era of the center, and much better officiating!
perrypete::not if rose is still playing selfish in the clutch!
dan torell::The Bulls can win championship... when Lebron, Wade, Bosh retires.... [not a Heat fan here]. Just my opinion.
dannyginer::hell yea bro rose wont win not even 1
perrypete::he wont win playing like he does in the clutch!
dannyginer::hell have to go to another team to win 1
lctngo0227::Nor will LeBron what's your point?
dannyginer::in your dreams bro this year is our year
lctngo0227::After all these funny lost to sub .500 teams Heat fans think their team is still the best. Haha and thinks LeBron is the great ever what a bunch of delusional nuts.
lctngo0227::Only thing that MJ had was ohh wait he had everything that can beat James foolish behind. He had heart and the 6 rings show while James drools for that chance. Yes you are in denial, face it. MJ is the best there ever will be.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::4-1.  LeBron is the most complete player in the history of the game.  His size-athleticism-skill combo is absolutely unmatched.  He's bigger, stronger, faster, quicker, smarter, more skilled and talented than Michael Jordan.  He'd destroy Jordan's will to live one-on-one.  Jordan would become so frustrated he'd have to find some white girl to rape afterwards.
nba is the worst::What's saddest about this is the other 2 likes
dannyginer::HEAT&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; SUCKY SORRY A$$ BULLS
You Cutler Me Up::you just lost against bucks............
brandonlee561heat::For now, they wouldn't have had played a meaningful game or playoff series until June. We shall see.
peezyfreshbaby57::You know whats real funny about Bulls fans! They make fun of Lebron but they wanted real bad when he was a FA! Someone is still bitter I see!
lctngo0227::Peezy when did you start joining the bandwagon? Ohh Otc. 2011 HAHA Season began then son.
peezyfreshbaby57::Denial^^^
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::"we wanted... bosh, never little bron bron"  oh my!  they ARE as stupid as derrick rose!
RunTheBall22::We wanted Wade or Bosh, never little bron bron
RunTheBall22::lol, thats not even close to bein true. lol
michgolf1::i didnt...
perrypete::arrogant and sorry?  you are an educated one!
michgolf1::ive always disliked him and his arrogant sorry @$$
perrypete::well thats just dumb!
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::No one wants to go to Chicago - they treat their best players of all time like trash.
RunTheBall22::Lebron wishes he had the killer instinct Serena Wiliams has. she makes Lebron look softer then a pillow in the 4th
RunTheBall22::Lebron is a never was.
dan torell::you mean... never will be.
dan torell::Serena? Seriously? When was the last time Serena won a trohpy? That diva is a has been.
brandonlee561heat::It's an opinion, I hope you werent taking him seriously.
peezyfreshbaby57::Come Sunday the Heat will show they are the superior team between them and the Bulls! I wonder what the Bulls fans will say when they lose! GO HEAT!
peezyfreshbaby57::The sun was in my eyes
nba is the worst::Reg season home wins really don't prove a team's superiority, son
lctngo0227::Now you say that since most Bulls players are hurt. If you lose what will be your excuse?
dan torell::What I think... Bulls will never get a championship ring when Lebron is playing... just my opinion.
illestprospect::Bulls will have a d league team by then. Have fun with that win lol.
dannyginer::hell yea cant wait to c that game wade will be back 4 sure he doesnt want to miss that game
dannyginer::lala
lctngo0227::Lmao really Heat? Haha Go Bulls!
dannyginer::bro bulls suck
lctngo0227::Last season what's your point? Did you win this game? Hmmmmmmmmmm No.
dannyginer::my heat team kicked your bulls a$$ in the playoffs last season and theyll do it again this season
lctngo0227::And the Heat lost? So ?
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::I love that statue of the 2nd best player of all time.  Rose and Deng are hurt.  How can they continue to play well without their 2nd and 4th best players?
lctngo0227::If LBJ is the best where's his ring? He can't win by himself so he ran to South Beach. Do you even know basketball? If LBJ was so great why did they lost this game?
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::I'm not really a Heat fan so don't criticize them because of me.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Rose's turf toe is going to be a problem all year long.  It will eventually be the excuse you use to explain why he had a "down" year.
lctngo0227::He's more delusional than most Heat fans.
brandonlee561heat::No one, LBJ fans for you. . .
lctngo0227::I want to know who's better than MJ?
perrypete::2nd and fourth best players?
michgolf1::6 &gt; 0
lctngo0227::2nd best player? Are you delusional? Rose will play and so will Noah. What happened to the Heat did they win?
brandonlee561heat::"RunTheBall22:Norris cole is a joke the guy had a few good games and heat fans think he's great."  Source?
RunTheBall22::all you heat fans. next
brandonlee561heat::Fair enough, maybe I just expect way too much out of every player on the team.
nba is the worst::I have to agree with RTB - there's a heatles fan named Norris Cole ROY, for just 1 example.  antistratfordaria also praises cole constantly
RunTheBall22::how can you back up a lie with a credible source? and there are plenty of heat fans on these boards that will prove me righ, so looks like your wrong again.
brandonlee561heat::Not I, wrong again. At least back up your lies with credible sources.
dannyginer::best shot wade ever made 4 sure i remember this game. wade is my boy, so every1 stop talking crap hes not going to get traded.   watch the video    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AfJGwMQiXI
dan torell::Sadly, they failed that year.
lctngo0227::That was in 2009, more than 2 years ago. Get over that one game.
RunTheBall22::Norris cole is a joke the guy had a few good games and heat fans think he's great. The bulls 3rd and 4th string point guards had some good games to but we know better not jump the gun, but we are talking about fans so you cant expect much
dan torell::At least he has better BBall IQ than those other rookies...
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Cole is better than Watson.
nba is the worst::^^ This is disturbing  ;)
perrypete::lol cole is nowhere close to watson's level!
nba is the worst::watson 10.3 ppg on .425 FG%, .481 3-pt FG%, 2.6 ast/TO Cole 8.8 ppg on .410 FG%, .31 3-pt FG%, 1.4 ast/TO
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::I pity the fool who thinks the Bulls wouldn't drop Watson to get Cole back right now.
RunTheBall22::not even close fool. The heat would drop cole in a sec to get watson. but you are king of the blind sheep so I knew you would say that
dannyginer::i like how Shane  battier is playing i new he was going to be a good addition to my heat team. ive liked him since hes played in the rockets he a good vet player
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Battier is an excellent addition.  He just makes smart plays all the time.  Or as Spoelstra said the other day:  "He simply does not make mistakes"
dannyginer::hes a good 3 corner shooter
dannyginer::and i love his d
nba is the worst::He's certainly a master of the "getting undeserved charge calls" method
nba is the worst::Indeed - still waiting for you to support how rose leading in three key defensive categories = below average defender - with facts rather than your "you don't watch the games - I'm a Saluki so I should know" BS
perrypete::and rose is a good defender!
brandonlee561heat::Great defense, its tough for him to find his offensive rhythym on this team. Maybe one day he will consistently start knocking shots. That would be huge.
Rossi46Doctor::So much fun to celebrate on Miami's floor LOL http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZ0UcSza3fs
dannyginer::yea that was unacceptable in my heat part
dannyginer::but thats the past
dan torell::Well, I think that's behind them now... they beat the Bulls previous year.
Rossi46Doctor::The best is Hinrich picking DFlop's pocket, then DFlop skulks off the floor putting a pathetic finger in the air.... nice job getting swept, Champs LOL
nba is the worst::Since Wade has been out the "pace and space" offense has stalled.  W/ Wade 99 poss/game, 13%pts from 3, 22%pts on FB; W/O Wade: 94 poss/gm, 23%pts from 3, 12%pts on FB.
brandonlee561heat::We are severely lacking our "coveted" fast break offense without him. I agree.
dannyginer::i hate how im hearing people say trade wade. when hes done alot for this miami team ive been a fan since i was 5  now im 16, wade has been the best thing that ever happen to this miami team. wade will be a miami heat forever. they will retire his # right next to morning and hardway
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::The Heat really could've used Wade last night.  No one could really score aside from LeBron.  (Bosh's points were nullified by his 8 TOs).  He would've at least got to the line 10 times.  Wade is the 2nd best player in the game.  You trade him in his prime and you'll regret it.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Yeah, but you see... Bosh had 8 turnovers.  Where would Miami be in the 4th if he kept that to 3 like LeBron?
nba is the worst::So even if you throw out bosh's 2 garbagetime pts, 8 is 2X 4
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Most of Bosh's points came early in the quarter when LeBron was on the bench.  In the final three minutes only LeBron and Bosh scored.  Both had 4 points.  (Bosh had another 2 pts from a LeBron assist at the tail end of the game when it was out of reach - doesn't count)
nba is the worst::4th Q, Bucks lead by 2 at the start.  Bosh 10 pts on 100% FG 2 rebs lebron 4 pts on 25% FG 1 reb rest 5 pts on 50% FG 4 reb
dan torell::Maybe, if Chicago will pick him up... he's from there. :)
dan torell::hahahaha... not a Miami Heat fan and Chicago Bulls but that may happen dannyginer
dannyginer::in your dreams dan
brandonlee561heat::He will retire as a member of this organization.
Rossi46Doctor::Breaking news: LeBron is out indefinitely. He's picking melted Milwaukee Cheese out of his eyes
dannyginer::norris cole isnt doing crap right now he needs he get his head straight. i like the kid since college but needs to get in there. hes going to b huge for us 1 day
dan torell::Cole is a good player he just need some playing time and experience... they need a point guard and I think Norris Cole is that person.
dannyginer::4 sure
super red espresso snowflake::I think he has been great for the most part.  you can see a real tempo difference when he comes into the game.
