alin004::Melonoma is a good offensive player but gets tired playing defense which he didn't do before. He's shooting 39% on the year because his conditioning and effort is poor. He's a system player who needs EVERYTHING to go right for him to do well. I'm done with excuses for Carmelo Anthony, he is not a superstar.
Carmelo_Anthony_7::I'm not a superstar ??? so lets throw everything I've done in 8 season away for what I'm doing now in this short lockout season SMH
stone419::this is a weird season, wait til the playoffs when there is more time in between games
bassmasterfox::All I ask is that the wife not wear my black Nike socks. Is that really to much to ask?
History._.Buff::I love how the Knick's have diehard fans when they win and when they lose those same fans vanish.
lennylen2013::your getting us confused with heat fans..you failed try again
lennylen2013::Your getting us confused heat fans.. u failed try again
stone419::whatever you say
phunky58::rough game for line though it didnt matter much at alll.
alin004::Anyone who saw the game knows Lin only had about 2 real turnovers. It shouldn't be a Lin turnover when he puts it RIGHT on his teammates hands for an easy score and they fumble it away.
phunky58::alright i gotta get on the kentucky board,   lets go baylor
phunky58::u know what im wrong, i just saw the 7 turnovers.     +12 with him in cant argue that
omegapachi::line?
omegapachi::piston fans are funny as hell.  just get over it.  you got your $@% kicked!
History._.Buff::I like how the Knicks won even though Jeremy Lin did everything in his power to try to lose the game with turnovers.
lennylen2013::your not that dumb are you?
History._.Buff::*you're as in you're dumb!
pistonfanstill::To the Lawrence Frank Groupies posing as Pistons fans with delusions he's the 'right' coach.  The 'right' coach was sitting on the Knicks bench. Joe Dumars wanted Woodson but was overruled by a naive new owner who hired Checketts as a consultant.  His advice?  Hire Frank.  The Nets went from Finalists under Byron Scott to the perennial Lottery pickers they remain today. Now watch Woodson and the Knicks and make all ur excuses about the lack of talent on the Detroit roster.
Kimsky1::Lost in all the Lin/Melo/Playoffs talk  . . . Harrelson 4 off rebounds in 12 mins
Rdiu::doesn't mean anything, he got those in garbage time , he was so $@%! against Toronto when it matters
yale203::Lin had a helluva game last night.  He always plays gutsy and to win.
RICHIEBABY617::look at gordon dragics numbers in houston  after taking over for lowry .... there are many pgs in the league
CLEVELANDCBI::The Knicks can make it interesting come playoff time.  They've got the lineup to compete with anybody.  Good luck for your guys getting it together in the next month Knicks fans; will be pulling for you over the Heat and Bulls.
Mets42486::Knicks will win division, take 4th seed. Beat ATL in first round, get by the bulls in second round n play heat in the east finals. Tough series that will go 7 long games but Knicks win and play spurs for the chip n win in 5-6 games.....
lennylen2013::this is pretty realstic, but the Hawks are never easy to beat in the first round so either way the Knicks will have it rough.
msnyc08::No way Knicks win the Division. They need every bit of luck and need to win EVERY game they are supposed to win. They already lost the Toronto game on Friday and have a massively hard schedule coming up.  2-3 games above 500 at best.  They can probably get past every one in the East except Miami/Chicago so how far they go is really up to everyone else. Regardless; they'll have made noise, found direction, found a good developing point-guard, resurgent Stoudemire and hopefully recommittted Anthony for next. Anyone who is hoping for Knicks to go tot the Finals, all the way, or Game 7 in Eastern Finals is dreaming. Just take it slow and the championship will be all that sweeter.
sportsfans1995::knicks fans get cocky when they play $@%!$@ teams...
NewcastleFanVL::Hollywood will come up with a blockbuster movie &amp; MSG,NBA, Volvo, Nike &amp;  Adidas will strike gold too,  hmmm, lol.
sportsfans1995::wtf is this guy smoking?? knicks arent getting to 4TH SEED?? he knows nothing about sports! but what do u expect?? he is a mets fan...
jmaybosox::hahaha i mean itleast get to .500 before u start talking like that
Mets42486::Yea It is...lol but 4th seed as division winner is definitely not too far...They can pull it in..
big_east27::i like the knicks but this is a long shot lol
sammyjay2007::How come we never hear anymore about Jermey Lin? Oh yeah that's right Mr. Selfish Melo came back and now Lin just is on the court to take up space. Get rid of Melo and the Knicks would actually be winning games. They have a better record without Melo gone.
RICHIEBABY617::damn ppl are still calling melo selfish...lolololololol whats games have u been watchin..... the whole team is playing unselfish
i want bacon::did you come up with that thought alone?....or are you just one of the sheep on here...repeating the  same ish over and over.
Zamian7833::I wanna know what are the percentages of women commenting here? Obviously there are a lot of women on the Knicks website..check out the comments under Jeremy interview.... I am so da.mm jealous of Jeremy with all the attention hes getting from the ladies :-) They all sound like his girlfriends! I don't see that kind of intense love and caring for any other injured players anywhere else..Lol! Lincredible! If Lin goes down with a groin injury like Melo..wonder what will happen..Hahahah! Knicks hosting servers will probably get fried!
Kiaora3::Not all us females have an insane high school crush on Lin.  Some of us actually luv sports and make a living at it too. Just don't like being compartmentalized in a box, but I hear u.  Knicks.com board has been invaded and it's good to see some real talk here on ESPN.  Aloha.
Mackenndy::17 games left, if the knicks win al least 14 specially beat the Celt,Ind, Phil, Atl we could have a chance to be in the 5th seed
msnyc08::10 and 7, maybe 11 and 6. Face it; barring a Philly or Boston implosion we are in for a Miami/Chicago first round. That is fine by me. If we make it a 7 game battle we are just setting up the stage for next year. Just like we did against Chicago in the 90s. This is the way championships are contended for; one step at at time.
Tyrice240::“The turnovers are just ridiculous,” interim coach Mike Woodson said. “I think we’re a bit too nonchalant with the basketball. So we will go back and break down this game tape and show Jeremy and Baron where the mistakes were being made.” yeah coach tell them TO TAKE CARE THE DAMN!!BALL!!
Mackenndy::I would like to know if there is a chance for the knicks to be on the  4 or 5 seed with a few games left for the playoff. GO KNICKS
the_scarlet _who::5th seed sounds ridiculous. It looks like they'll get the 7th or 8th seed as they have a pretty tough schedule in April. They're a long shot for the 4th seed but they could potentially kick into high gear and grab that division title. But to say they'll surpass BOTH the Hawks and Pacers for the 5th seed is a pretty big stretch. At that point they'd most likely be winning their division too and be in the 4th seed.
NewcastleFanVL::Possible if they play hard nose defense, all team &amp; no hero ball the rest of the way.
Mackenndy::17 games left if they win at least 14 specially the celt, Atl,Phil ,Ind, we' ll be good for  5th seed.
nycpratl::this bunch just lost to toronto.  for the 2nd time.  they're lucky if they make 8th spot.
Green.Dynamite::knicks bust $@%!$@%! yesterday, like i did to linsidemebaby.
TheBlackGreenLantern::Anybody that says Lin isn't a good player needs to be slapped this is the NBA and the boy has dropped 30 against the stars of this league..Of course he has regressed now because he is the #3 scoring option on the offense not the 1st one like he was during Linsanity..The boy can ball and nobody can argue with that and if you try to you're just making yourself look stupid...
Miyon34::maybe #4
linsidemebaby::knicks suck,  unfortunately knick fans suck too.
Green.Dynamite::ahahah you suk mama dik fagbag
Green.Dynamite::you suk dikk.
Lin_Diesel_17::Knicks aint winning $h1t. Melo cant shoot anymore. Amare's back is bothering him. Lin is a turnover machine. Chandler has butter fingers at times. Landry Fields' shot is as flat as you can get. Jr Smith is worried about his girlfriends butt. Shumpert cant shoot for his life. Baron Davis is extremely injury prone and is over passive now. Josh Harrelson is a bum. Steve Novak barely gets enough minutes. Jeffries is always hurt. I mean c'mon... and then to top it all off this team sucked under Mike D'antoni and then when he left.. they lost against the Toronto Rapters. One of the worst teams in the NBA. Give me a break.less
Souri98::All the Knicks fans ungrateful for Lin's contribution better pray he isn't seriously injured, because Melo will have zero explanation for any downfall that the Knicks will surely face.
Daichi007::Heat&gt;Knicks!!
Kimsky1::Yeah, probably :(  At least for now . . .
doggbrown1::u mad?
Meet Friar Manning::Got blunt?
doggbrown1::So what, they won.
MF2012.::"Move over Lin, theres another shitty player coming to New York.... ME"  - Tim Tebow
elguapo195::From the posts I've been reading, it's appears that a large contingent of Lin haters are black.  Does it feel good to be jealous?  And does it feel good to be racist?  Lin is kinda like an Asian American version of Jackie Robinson.  It's exactly like the Tiger haters...mostly whites.  There's always jealousy.
Joekony::Black n1g5ers. Maybe I should kidnap Lin haters and use them in my army. Smh
RICHIEBABY617::he does need to cut down on careless to's but ppl are fogeting hge is young ... he will get better. the problem is ppl see him as a great pg which he is not he wil be good if he works hard.... there are plenty of guards in the league playing better unfortunately they dont play fpor the media capital... lin is young give him time to grow pg is a tough postion
Sirlagsalot00::Baron Davis had 4 turnovers 2/5 shoot and played less mins so he's just as bad as Lin
History._.Buff::7 TO
elguapo195::I'll take 20 TO as long as they win.
THA TRUTH 365::BUT YOU CAN RELATE TO JACKIE ROBINSON?  FYI ; JACKIE ROBINSON AND MISAKA BOTH FIRSTS IN 1947.
elguapo195::No, I can't.  Jackie Robinson is for blacks.  not me.
History._.Buff::7 turnovers.  Enough said.
THA TRUTH 365::AND LIN IS NOT THE FIRST ASIAN OR ASIAN AMERICAN TO PLAY IN THE NBA, THAT HONOR GO TO WAT MISAKA OVER 60 YEARS AGO. SINCE THEN THERE HAVE BEEN SEVERAL, DON'T FORGET YAO MING, ETC.  A MIND IS A TERRIBLE THING TO WASTE.
elguapo195::Sorry, I can't relate to Misaka having been born decades later.  Yao Ming, Zhi Zhi Wang, Yi Jianlian, and Yuta Tabuse were Asian, but not Asian American.  You're right, don't waste your time with me.
History._.Buff::Wrong, J Robinson was a good player. Lin is sub-par.
Kimsky1::Jackie Robertson was a GREAT player. That's what it took for someone to give him a chance in that error.
airandy41::Admit it, you're giving Steven A. Smith lap-dances!
elguapo195::If BD is garbage, u must be t*rd.  I'm going to help you up the social ladder here.  With career avgs of 16+ppg and 7+asts, he is at least avg. Even considering last year's injured stats of 13ppg and 7asts would be at least avg. as an nba pg.  so if he's avg, at least that raises your value to garbage.  your definition of sub-par is flawed.
History._.Buff::Baron Davis is the same kind of garbage as JR Smith.
elguapo195::that's why he's starting over BD.  I guess BD is another sub-par point guard.  Admit it, you're Steven A. Smith's lapdog.
asdfghjkl0903::Win or Lose, always whining.  Knicks have the worst fans.  Sorry for the players.
THA TRUTH 365::ONCE AGAIN IF THE KNICKS PLAY ALL THEIR PLAYERS AND INCLUDE CHANDLER IN THE OFFENSE THEY WIN BY A LOT . FOR FUTURE REFERENCE; WINNING FORMULA IS TO LIMIT LIN TO 10 SHOOTS AND INCLUDE CHANDLER IN THE OFFEENSE.
C4rm3l0 Anth0ny::We still will not be able to win unless the gameplan runs through me. Yes we've won a few games here lately but only against sub par teams.  More me=More Wins
JetsYanksPSU::lol more you equals getting blown out by 20 more often...
slowmow12::Lin sucks.
asdfghjkl0903::Very low self-esteem people always call others suck. Very sorry for your sucking life though.
thyrdrail::KNICKS WOULD BE IRRELEVANT BY NOW IF IT WASNT FOR JEREMY LIN AND ALL THOSE LINS!!!!! LINNING!!!!
I Like Cheetos Even More::Jeremy Lin is as bad at basketball as Tim Tebow is as bad at football... NY.. the town of overhyped scrubs
elguapo195::That's why you're here on this board to show your non-support.  Good job!
asdfghjkl0903::If they are bad, what are you? A failure?
jasdave24::If Jeremy Lin minimizes his turnovers he'll be a great pg for sure.
LS90025::Lin played very well against Detroit and was the engine that got the Knicks going.  Woodson basically gave him the green light to penetrate if the wing players passed the ball back to him, and he exploited it to generate points.  Turnovers don't matter if you're making plays.Two of those turnovers were a travel and a charge on made shots.  Both were bad calls by the referees. One other recorded turnover hit a player in the hands and was dropped.  Another was a lob pass to chandler that was on target but he simply didn't jump to catch it.  Woodson may talk like a traditionalist coach, but in reality he knows the path to winning is to let Lin be Lin coupled with better them defense.
I Like Cheetos Even More::lol.... you dont know basketball
elguapo195::just keep eating those Cheetos.  You'll get even smarter...maybe not.
thyrdrail::you dont know anything
Txboy12345::I really believe the Knicks sucked to get rid of Mike D'Antoni, I just believe it is something Melo and Stat would do. Haven't seen Lin enough to judge if he would do it also. If they really did this, they really suck as a person.
Yofiel Malachi::not really, all they would have to do is confide in managament and dantoni would be fired. The pressure of NY is on the knicks. What happens if they don't make the playoffs? Do you say the knicks tank the season to get rid of dantoni? No, that would be idiotic
New_York_For_The_Win::D'Antoni was the cancer of this team
oldirtyzoo::Knick fans &gt; Bulls and Heat fans
MF2012.::It's pretty obvious that all you Knicks' fans are retarded.
asdfghjkl0903::Not true. Knick fans are terrible. Don't appreciate their players much.
Rudy_rush20::Finally Knicks are over .500........Wait.....still under? Damn they suck.
snarf990::<b>lin is still better than lebron. especially in the clutch.</b>
tomBabauts::Damn you are good. You are good at evaluating players, just as good as Michael Jordan.
elguapo195::not really.  almost as good, but not quite.
knicks fan northwest::poop
snarf990::lolz you said poop. like.
oldirtyzoo::Melo
nahbb::nba fantasy draft all players are eligible where would u guys put kobe?   this site had him 14th seems to low tho... http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/
snarf990::<b>hey, snarf snarf. my name is Snarf, snarf snarf.</b>
DamonHouston24::jason kidd is was an elite pg in his time and still manage to have 14 TO...Lin will never have that many TO in a game
thyrdrail::JASON KIDD IS ELITE IN TURNOVERS!! 14???? DANG THAT'S A WORLD RECORD!!!! JEREMY LIN WILL NEVER REACH THAT RECORD!!!
Kimsky1::Kidd was always overrated. Not that he was bad. Just never the super star media made him out to be.
vicious veteran::Nash is top 5 in the nba every year in TO. He led the league twice. He must suck.
mailming@gmail.com::Have you  reviewed all the TOs of Lin? and one of them is a in the paint pass to Melo under the basket, and the ball smash on Melo's face and then TO?  Couple of more to Chandler too. Team is slappy, not only lin LMAO
I81OICU812::Plus a horrible traveling call..........  I guess the official didn't want to see that pretty layup in the highlights..............
History._.Buff::and never be elite either.
Lakerfun::You wish!
Xnmt::I thought you were calling it a night. Are you in the middle of brushing your teeth?
History._.Buff::Well it's time to call it a night.  I like to take the time to honor the men who died at Pearl Harbor at the small hands of Lin's peeps.
elguapo195::smalls hands that get laid, yo!
thermafill0::dude u say this every night  - damn internet troll.
Joanie1717::Lin is Chinese American,he's not japanese.
Miyon34::You are so lonely.You can go with the men if you love them so much...
Somedood1::l0l
Charlie Underbite::For those Knicks/basketball fans out there, good night. See you next time. To History Buff: Tell your doc that the dosage is too low. He needs to go up to 50 milligrams.
sleepyhnl::LOL
tomBabauts::What is the record for most turnovers by a player in a game?
Xnmt::14, by both John Drew and Jason Kidd
History._.Buff::I don't know, but Lin is probably a good candidate to beat it.
tomBabauts::Yeah I know I was about to say that, that record is in danger. LOL
oldirtyzoo::On another topic: Knicks played good tonight. Good blowout. Lets get to .500!
galsen4ever::can they be above .500???
oldirtyzoo::Just one more game. Of course they can
Fookenninja::if the star players continue to give up their points...yeah then they will get there.
History._.Buff::You left out the 7 turnovers.
oldirtyzoo::lol Likin' your own comment lmao
History._.Buff::and Pearl Harbor, but let's not get into that.
Fookenninja::History Buff: Why do i need to ride on these short bus? History Buff's Mom: Because you're special History Buff:  Why History Buff: God made you this way
asdfghjkl0903::God one.
jptravers951::history buff why you so mad
History._.Buff::Lame.
Fookenninja::If it's lame, why respond.  LOL
oldirtyzoo::Knicks got crazy talent. Dolan's an idiot. -Phil Jackson
Charlie Underbite::"Mommy, why is my bus so much shorter than my friends' bus?"  ---- Young History Buff
