Minnysota Vikings::<b>  and <a> blue</a></b>
GoBucks32032::The Pistons are one superstar, maybe two quality players, away from being a great team.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Same with your Bucks
Ryan8791::I don't watch basketball nearly as much as I used to but how do you not start Maggette? For his career he averages 16 points a game and have Singler come off the bench. He was a nice spark in the beginning but I just can't wrap my head around that.
milwaukeemonster2::beat the celtics...lose to the lowly cavs  demolish the heat...lose to the lowly p i s s-ons...  this is the team i'm stuck wit as a bucks fan...
GoBucks32032::The Pistons beat the Heat before the Bucks. Quit crying.
CubicleJoe::yes.
log jamming28::at least the packers w.....wait a minute.
CubicleJoe::yes.
Trey Burketize Me Captin::4 out of 5! Pistons!
bamberg1977::Drummond only sported a 30+ PER today, totally understandable why he only played 19 mins....if games were 20 mins
Paul78655::Fire Frank. I can deal with Brian Hill til next season. He may start Drummond to save his job, too.
Paul78655::START DRUMMOND!! FIRE FRANK!
Michigantown::someone hasn't been watching games to say daye sucks
Paul78655::Monroe is actually a power forward. It doesn't. Part of the perk to Monroe was his passing ability at the top of the key. If Knight can't seem to get the ball in to Drummond, then you should probably do so with Moose...  Frank has to go. Hes done everything he can for this team. If they don't trade Charlie V or amnesty him, you know somethings wrong. Austin Daye needs minutes too.
BearJWS::Daye sucks!
bamberg1977::Drummond and Monroe didnt even combine for 48 mins tonight. Which means we played someone else at center for 2 mins and Monroe 0 mins at PF. That makes a lot of backwards sense.
taste.the.rainbow.24::lol I've always liked the bucks and pistons for drafting me in 2k10, 2k13..or at least felt a connection lol
Ryan8791::Pistons could be a great team in the next few years if the players develop the right way... I can't wait to get rid of that Villanueva contract.
bamberg1977::I get the feeling we're going to let CV play out his deal next year. He has no trade value, and why not play him the one year he's going to actually try... a contract year. At least we get this season and next of decent play out of him. He's horrible when his shots not on, because he's a negative player in most ways... but he's has actually tried some on D recently.
XstreamINsanity::Depends on free agents available and what we'll need to pay them.  If there's two people available that will really help the team, a starting veteran PG and maybe a better backup PG since Will is likely to leave, then we may need that money. But I agree, he will likely play out his contract, which I may be ok with.
gogreengowhitespartyon73::WOW NICE!
lester4586::monta  is the best player with the bucks jennings is the ballhog skiles is an idiot ellis is the only player thats want to pass the ball he should be point
hoopster_u::Maybe Daye developed slower than anticipated.  After all had you stayed in school 4 years, this would his second year.
bamberg1977::I hope so, it would be so nice if he could become a starting SF caliber player, because having another 6'11 guy on floor from SF position has noticeable impact around hoop. Pistons could be huge if Daye, Monroe, Drummond all started next year. Not sure if they have the footspeed, ball handling and mobility to all play effectively together though.
BearJWS::Daye?  Yes, he's tall.  However, he's slow, skinny &amp; weak.  He can't rebound, he can't defend, he can't block shots.  He's supposed to be a shooter, but he's not even good at that.  He'll be out of the league soon.
shut the front door please::I'm not a Detroit fan, so I have to ask: why doesn't Lawrence Frank play Drummond more? I've watched about 6 Detroit games this year and I've seen Drummond come off the bench in each game for about 15-20 minutes tops. He's got the skills to make a serious run at the ROY and a frontcourt of Monroe and Drummond sounds much better than Monroe and Maxiell right now.
curtezanthony::drummond is a hybrid of dwight howard and deandre jordan. mega potential
Paul78655::Espn is judging Drummond off the year at UCONN and thats not accurate at all. Lost his scholarship via sanctions, Calhoun up and left, and UCONN was a brick factory last year. The ball didn't leave a guards hands unless it touched rim. Drummond was the best prospect in that draft. Hes a genetic freak. Guys that big don't dunk like that and he seems to notice that he can dominate on both ends. They essentially stole the guy.
Paul78655::Nah, watch how he muscles his way through guys in the paint. Hes already bigger than Howard and growing. Hes scoring off put backs and dunks. wait until he develops a hook shot and post game. The guys shown good touch around the rim, too. He also inhales the ball off the glass and ball hawks like Ben used to. I don't think people understand how dominant this guy is going to be because nobody watches the Pistons, really. People will scoff, but he has 28/15/3(blk) potential as he develops, especially on this team. Don't buy into the ESPN Howard/Stoudemire garbage. They HATED this guy on draft night. All they did was tease him about dropping in the draft. I'd say more like Ben Wallace/ Shaq Hybrid
Paul78655::Drummond has the potential barring injury to be Shaq 2.0. Hes got Jordan syndrome from ESPN ridiculing him on draft night when he fell to us, and when hes actually playing- he shows signs of being what Dwight Howard wishes he was. He dominates both ends of the court. The Pistons need to figure out whether they are going to keep Stuckey or Knight and deal the loser for a true point guard that can get Drummond the ball. Really, you don't even need Monroe now because you want to get this guy as many touches in the post as possible. Hiring a guy like Bill Laimbeer or my favorite- Patrick Ewing as coach in the offseason would help this. Theyre a better team when they go inside-out, not what Frank tries to force. And no on Cousins, we HAVE a legit Center.
bamberg1977::Not really Shaq, more of a Howard/Stoudemire hybrid.
hoopster_u::Monroe is trade bait for Cousins.
nkent60::Why would you trade for a guy who belongs in a mental ward?
bamberg1977::shut the front door please - You actually want that guy? Monroe might not be as skilled as Cousins but he's got a lot more in the way of maturity. That's actually pretty important in the pro league.  Agree, and why take a risk when Drummond is going to be the Superstar. Monroe needs to hit reset and just go back to being a good big. Forcing too much, needs to be able to hit that J and defend with more focus... but he showed those things in his first two years, I think he's pressing this season for his contract extension or somthing
shut the front door please::You actually want that guy? Monroe might not be as skilled as Cousins but he's got a lot more in the way of maturity. That's actually pretty important in the pro league.
Eric18986::I am very surprised that pistons have over 10 wins didn't that could happen
Paul78655::It but did
mattcowboys77::Pistons are the only team I got now. Get ready for in-depth analysis before and after every game along with a trivia question that could win you a Rip Hamilton signed mask!
trademarktaz::Looks like the Pistons are going to be playing themselves out of a top pick in the lottery again this year. Hopefully we can get another Drummond kind of steal and not an Austin Daye or Brandon Knight.
mattcowboys77::Not all players come from the draft. It is called free agency. Pistons are a young team and need to develop. If they play well this season and add a good veteran presence that has already asserted himself, that is a much better deal than hoping Shabazz gets going fast.
Sakamoto_Sama_Kun::Good job Pistons :D
JimDetroitFan95::Nice effort tonight Pistons.  Keep it going.
Christopher.Mar001::I hate to say this but THANK YOU PISTONS. After having the heat busted by the bucks, its good to know that the bucks rank got lowered. Nice job pistons!
JimDetroitFan95::Four point game now.
JimDetroitFan95::It is a seven point football game....
JimDetroitFan95::Nice job Pistons....
KILLWAUKEExBADGER::lol how do you rape the heat one night and then lose to the freaking pistons the next?
TigerMichLion111::Well the pistons did just beat the heat
TehGame::Monta Ellis and Drew Gooden being on your team.
Monte Irvin::it's amazing how much better the warriors are when 1) they aren't tanking 2) don't have ellis or udoh
TigerMichLion111::Ya really, go steph Curry!!
TigerMichLion111::Let's go pistons!!!  If ur gunna do something this year thn pick it up and roll off some wins!!  Mediocre is worthless so either suck or sneak into te playoffs and get hot here with an easier schedule coming up!
HeatLaughAtRegularSeason::Heat STILL all alone in  1st!
kingkongpheng777::bucks fan wants the heats in the first round...
HeatLaughAtRegularSeason::Fear the Deer! LMAO! Milwaukee + Detroit wont even be in the playoffs!
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::LMAO! They also all alone get destroyed by the Pistons bench LMAO!!! HEAT SUCK!!!
bamberg1977::Pistons only 5 games out of the playoffs. Love the East.
JimDetroitFan95::I don't understand how Bucks fans endure this brewhoop idiot and his comments.  Seriously.
TehGame::Yeah they are annoying
bamberg1977::Jennings cant wait to never play with Ellis again
TehGame::It was me
FoxKat93::Jennings???
bamberg1977::I think Jennings just liked this from the locker room
Chris31708::LOL Ellis is a ballhog!
Doodzy4::9 assists?
TehGame::Is this dcenate?
Chris31708::Who?
KrayzieBone5150::Pistons &gt; Bucks &gt; Heat
JimDetroitFan95::Ignore the haters Pistons fans.  The Pistons are getting better, and I enjoy watching it happen.
bamberg1977::Its nice to see, I just wish Monroe and BK were more a part of the success, since they're our future. Nice to see Daye finally do someting
bamberg1977::JimDetroitFan95 - Drummond is showing he can be a great player.  Monroe has taken a step back imo.  Yeah, ofcourse. I think Monroe just needs to get back to 'fitting in'. I think he got a big head, or is playing for a contract extension this summer, he was a much better player last year.
JimDetroitFan95::Drummond is showing he can be a great player.  Monroe has taken a step back imo.
J-Tjuan::Why does Epke Udoh get minutes.  He has no lift in his legs and rebounds horribly.  Skile has to be smarter and make adjustments.  Henson destroyed the Heat in rebounds.  Why not test him out some more?  Gooden was a disaster with the exception of a few good offensive plays.
TehGame::Agreed cant wait for Harris to get back, Jennings/?/Harris/Henson/Sanders with Moute and Ersan off the bench is our future.
J-Tjuan::Harris played last night vs the Heat as a bench player.  Not sure if he is not ready to start yet, though.
rickyoil::Philip3664 Pistons are starting to learn how to close out these close games. Good to see. 2 fans like this. 4 Minutes Ago  Like  Reply  Quote  Flag ROFLMAO YEA SCORING 4 POINTS IN 5 MINS REALLY ?????????????
junoD-LEE::PeterPPK Why is it that whenever Ellis is the Bucks leading scorer, they almost always lose?  the curse of Monta. as a Warriors fan, i loved to watch him. but i knew we would start winning once we traded him. (like we are now)
Jumeax::You know what is Funny, Ellis (Despite being 4" shorter) has a better Career FG% than Kobe! True story!
bamberg1977::Maybe he should just be a PG though. He makes the team kind of small. He is an efficient scorer though most years, I do appreciate that. He's not a total chucker like Iverson
TehGame::Shutup dcenate stop bashing Ellis!!
bamberg1977::I agree, I hate shorter ball dominant SG's, Monta is good, but he needs the ball too much. Stuckey is like a poor mans Monta, and I swear we're better without him
The Account Formerly Known as Buckspackers23::You started winning because you finally got young talented players.
The Account Formerly Known as Buckspackers23::Marquis is really holding this team back. Make a trade for Derozan or start Harris
lester4586::ellis is the best player the bucks have. the ballhog is jennings the problem is skiles
TehGame::A spot up shooter
TehGame::We need a 3 point shooting 2 gaurd, trade Monta.
TehGame::My old account use to be Tehfreshprinceofmetal, theman62084, Wizard62084
TehGame::Because I bash Ellis im Dcenate? Dcenate is a troll and bashs other bucks players too, do you see me bashing Jennings?
The Account Formerly Known as Buckspackers23::You're making it too obvious. Talk just like him and bash ellis
TehGame::Im not dcenate
The Account Formerly Known as Buckspackers23::Get out of here dcenate. he's made 10 of his last 18. He's figured his game out after that Memphis game
JimDetroitFan95::Nice job Pistons, they are learning how to close.  The Bucks are a good team.
The Account Formerly Known as Buckspackers23::Those couple of ridiculously long 3's at the end of the shot clock proved to really help Detroit, they were up 10 at the time.
PeterPPK::The Bucks really do hate momentum.
TehGame::Beat the Celtics lose to the Cavs, beat the Heat lose to the Pistons...
KrayzieBone5150::Back 2 Backs work like that!
d_bokk::bucks had to much ground to make up because of daniels, skiles better get him out of the starting lineup this upcoming week
The Account Formerly Known as Buckspackers23::Fuck yeah he should
Milwaukee Bucks..::looking forwar to January 11, are next game against you guys. it was fun Hope you all have a good night. GO Bucks
Steven37355::who else had detriot -2.5...just screwed my 1500 parlay..
mseddon12::you can buy a half point for a slightly less payout... ill almost always do it to get on or off of 2 or 3
w00ter92::i had o191 -.-
mseddon12::yeah that total was spot on lol, thats why they call it gambling
Steven37355::huh?
mseddon12::get the hook if you are doing parlays!!   just unlucky though. pistons were right side, covered for 47 out of 48 mins
TheJTram::Tbh, Scott kept Jennings and Sanders on the bench too long. Still ugly but good W
Philip3664::Pistons are starting to learn how to close out these close games. Good to see.
mseddon12::yeah and no. still tried pretty hard to give this one away lol but yea they found a way to get it done
111sertich111::4 wins in the last 5 games for Detroit. We on a roll
Jumeax::SHUT UP!  SHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
bamberg1977::Any Pistons fans see the ESPN 'rumor' that we let it be known that we'd be 'very' interested in Cousins if he's available. To me, that means for Monroe. Kind of hard to believe he's an upgrade, I suppose defensively he could be an upgrade if he was focused.
MEGA GIGABYTES SON 00::Even the Sacremento fans know that they're not getting Monroe or Drummond. In fact, the rumor has been that they would accept just one or two solid pieces.
bamberg1977::No way we're adding Cousins without giving up Monroe. Disagree, mostly because the team makeup wouldnt make any sense. Really all 3 of those guys are probably best at Center in todays game.
mseddon12::not as much of an upgrade, as much as its just gambling on whether or not cousins can get his crap together. if he does, he's a bargain
TheJTram::His attitude problems alone makes me wanna decline it. His back to the basket game isn't as good as Moose's
bamberg1977::Nor his passing, and even shot selection, leadership.. etc. Thats why I was so shocked at the rumor. The only thing Cousins is better at is shot blocking. I wouldnt even say D because he's not committed. Maybe Joe see's him as just too talented to pass up if he matures... similar to sheed
TehGame::The come back came, when Larry came back, if Larry never goes in foul trouble we never get behind as much as we did.
Milwaukee Bucks..::spurs houston than @indiana is are next 3. Tough games
The Account Formerly Known as Buckspackers23::We always play the spurs tough, kinda like miami... same with indiana. Don't think we match up well with Houston but who knows
PeterPPK::We'll win 2 out of the 3.
rickyoil::HOW THE HELL U ONLY SCORE 4 POINTS IN 5 MINS TYPICAL DETROIT SPORTS LAYDOWN
motownpride88::A wins a win. They are playing good basketball against quality opponents
TheJTram::We got the W...smh against a good team. They fought for the W
