call_me_Kobrick_cause_im_a_brick_layer::these Bulls announcers have to be the biggest fa.ggots in the history of mankind !!
Kobelies247::Bulls are garbage..
chris090376::cant count..i meant 8 players
chris090376::bulls played wit 7? wow...no  starter for milwaukee played over 30 min. bulls startrs played no less than 36..sure they coulda signed some 10 day contracts from fans in the stands to help out..cmon bulls..do somethin already..its gittin pathetic
chris090376::8.i meant 8 players.
WoolyWoolwine83::Knowing the Bucks, as much as I love them and as much as I want to be optimistic, I'm confident one of three things will happen  1. Be a decent team that gets hot right before the playoffs before we suffer an injury to a crucial player (see: 2010)  2. Be strong throughout the year before we $@%! the bed down the homestretch (see: 2002)  3. Be a great team, flying under the radar, and make a surprise run in the playoffs before David Stern cockblocks us (see: 2001)  Hopefully this team can learn to close out games and get more players clicking consistently.
hankwillie::Glad the Bucks won....but, damn, are they an enigma!   They might have the worst starting line-up in the league, but, at the same time, they might have the best bench.......just odd
dante9876::People are so ridiculous around here. If we could have kept Korver, Brewer and Asik for the money they are worth they would be here. When you have to resign vets they get a increase in salary. We couldnt afford that with Deng, Boozer, Noah and Rose contracts(also having to resign Gibson at the time). It is that simple those guys cost to much to be on a team that wasnt winning it all.  When Rose went down it was no point of paying those players going over the cap and paying the luxury tax.  NBA has the stiffest cap penalties of all sports. Go look how many teams are over the cap right now. You wont find many.
dante9876::Winning it all. Winning a ship.
springfresh3.1::jfgray0990 - Of course they didn't win a large boat.  I'm pretty sure those aren't given out as rewards in the NBA. ------------------------------------ Wow
jfgray0990::Of course they didn't win a large boat.  I'm pretty sure those aren't given out as rewards in the NBA.
01Bulls4life::Wasn't winning at all with those guys?  I'm sure those guys that left did win a lot of games..
NikPeir16::Its sad that this game wont make it on to sportscenter because the bucks won. a 27 point fourth quarter comeback should always make sportscenter, but no bucks get no respect.
kfour82::as a Bulls fan I'm glad it didn't b/c I couldn't watch highlights (or lack there of) of that second half.  However, I do agree, if anything a 18 point 4th quarter comeback and 27 point from last 16 minutes should get air time, even if it's 30 seconds.
milwaukeemonster2::agree to a certain extent but...  1. early in the year  2. our record is ok  3. we are a smart market
NoPoints4SecondPlace::Proof positive that Brandon Jennings is expendable.
tigel18::The bulls will take him off your hands, and you can take Boozer.
kfour82::lol that's funny b/c he just came back off injury on Saturday----little rolled ankle but never the less.
milwaukeemonster2::he might be..but one game doesnt prove that  atleast he is not injury prone...
wchughes95::If this isn't proof we need Rose back, I don't know what is.
kfour82::Bulls have struggled with 4th quarter scoring for several years now, even with Rose.  So you can only imagine how bad it will be until he comes back.  Finally nice to see Hamiton and Hinrich show up.  They finally realized the starting back court needs to score for Bulls to win
Alejandra7788::Lol, only delusional Bulls fans will say we don't need Rose back
sportscrazy45029::lol at the bulls yo
HOLLYWOODHUNTER79::John Paxson should know what it takes to be elite....Rose comes back and Bulls will start winning again but these guys need to play way better. Boozer is a bust, losing CJ and Korver were crazy mistakes and not getting a LEGIT big man to play down low is going to my our weakness. Rose needs someone who will counter react with him. Untill John Paxon sees that and brings another superstar player to Chicago the Bulls will not be able to compete with Miami,LA,NYC,OKC. Its the era of superteams. Rose needs help.
daddylah::I say again why did we get rid of C.J. Watson for Kirk Hinrich??? Corey Brewer for Nate Robinson??? Well disseminated our entire core who what? I really hope the GM is looking at this and making some moves for trade, my gosh 27 points lead wow...D. Rose is only one person even Kyle Korver we got rid of all our 3-point shooters for what reason, are we playing for a lotter pick or something?  Let try some moves NOW.
HOLLYWOODHUNTER79::I been a Bulls fans forever and I feel very bad for this squad. I dont see Chicago doing much even with Rose coming back.
Mr. Bradford::I said it'd be a close game if the Bucks can shore up their discipline, which they did (they didn't allow more attempts from the line then they had) and if they could show up in the 4th, which has been their downfall thus far this season, and they did (outscored the Bulls 30-12). Great play from the bench (37 points from starters and 56 from the bench), fewer turnovers, good rebounding, points in the paint, and Ilyasova played terrific. Fix that 63% free throw percentage.   Good game, Bulls.
nba is the worst::About time something went right for the Bucks!
Mr. Bradford::They didn't run out of energy halfway through the 4th like they did against the Heat :)
Mr. Bradford::Thibodeau just exhausted his starters in this one. Deng with 47 minutes, Boozer and Noah with 39, Hinrich with 38. The Bucks are a team that can beat ya with their bench, which isn't Clippers solid, but still pretty dang solid.
menganito19::they were playing a different beast
Kobe 62 Mavs 61::Ellis and Jennings shot a combined 6-19 and scored only 16 points between them, and the Bucks somehow won this game?  What the hell happened??
nba is the worst::Ilyasova finally showed up
milwaukeemonster2::he benched the entire starting 5 because they were playing with no energy and the "we-already-lost" attitude...the bench played amazing d and put the ball in the bucket...while the bulls thought "this lead is too big to lose"...
trekrider-returns::They are not the only ones who can score.
Kobe 62 Mavs 61::They comprise the bulk of the scoring in Mil though. It's pretty shocking to see them shoot so poorly and still win.
smokingstogies305::The Bulls had their team. They blew it up. Now Thibs doesn't look like such genius. Even with Rose back, I don't think this Bulls team is anywhere near as good as they were. You can't get rid of all the people that made you successful and expect the same result. The Bulls are done.
milwaukeemonster2::they lost korver, brewer. j. lucas and cj watson who were replaced with nate robinson, nazr mohammed kurt hinrich/marcus teague  the core of the team is still there...gisbon,deng,noah and rose..  when rose gets back i think the bulls will be alright..(as much as a i HATE to say it)
01Bulls4life::It's sad to say this... but this new Bulls team blows.. Yes I'll always support my Bulls, go Bulls!!!! However they tampered a team that only needed a pure shooting guard and now we have a below average team.  Even with Rose this new team will struggle.   How does an "Elite" team blow a 27 point lead?   Oh.. that's right this is no longer an Elite team.... Oh and I almost forgot... congrats to the Bucks!! Best of luck :)
milwaukeemonster2::thanks man...when rose come back it wil make a big difference though
milwaukeemonster2::01Bulls4life - You are welcome..... thanks for being optimistic but Rose can only do so much... Only Rose and Noah are worth keeping...  yeah be when he plays at a mvp level like he is capable of...he can accomadate for ALOT weaknesses... chi teams are the rival but the bulls were on a tear before the acl...
01Bulls4life::You are welcome..... thanks for being optimistic but Rose can only do so much... Only Rose and Noah are worth keeping...
an unbias objective chicago fan::Thibs doesnt seem too bright without Derrick Rose bailing him out.
milw-jay::Overcoming a 27 point deficit is difficult, no doubt, but it is crazy that the Bucks did it almost in the blink of an eye.  They went on a 31-4 run.  Hard to do something like that in the NBA.  But, we needed a win, so no matter how it happened, we got the w.
BuzzWarrior::THIBS: Stop being a bean-counter. You leave your clearly exhausted starters out on the floor, yet Jimmy Butler (and his solid D), whose probably the best conditioned guy on the team, sits on the pine for the duration of the  Bucks monster run???!!  This kid will defend, rebound, hustle, score when he needs to, and play through fatigue. That starting five was beyond "gassed."   Luol Deng, when asked by  reporter what Thibs told the team in the locker room right after the game, replied:"I forgot."   I guarantee you he did not forget. More likely the starters snapped at Coach regarding why they were not subbed for. Something had to go down for Deng to reply "I forgot."
cjmirto::THIBS is fine.. the bulls will be fine.. they dont have a bench like they used to.. are you guys forgetting MIL. is leading the division.. THIBS prob thought we gotta win.. why he didn't sub only he knows.. as for him leaving him in the game last year........ ROSE missed a lot of the season.. he prob wanted him to get into the swing of things..
Mister Goat::Really??? YOU'RE  going to question the coach ? Look,with the way things are without DRose Thibs is trying to find ways to win and at this point you have to trust him.Either way,you're not qualified to ask questions so just sit back and watch,ok bud.
Dnash1972::The coach,is,the reason DRose is hurt leaving him in, in a game that was wrapped up. Thibs is not above questions
266Joe::Ive been using a betting system for sports called Sportsbettingstar. Im making around 2-3K a month following this system. You will find more about the system on google by searching for basketball betting system. If you bet this system is great.
BuzzWarrior::This loss is as easy to understand as Illinois winning the Maui Invitational (Chaminade beating Texas + Butler Bulldogs exhausted from facing UNC and Marquette).  Groce great coach, though, and major Illini props!   Starting 5 for Bulls on floor WAY TOO LONG+ Bucks' solid 2nd-unit being completely fresh + Thibs' moronic reluctance to trust Jimmy Butler, Nazr Mohammed and rest of bench to spell the starters. The huge Bucks run coincided with Butler's exit from the game. Thibs, what gives??? BRUTAL COACHING.
junavarr::I love it! Every L matters in the NBA. Just keep losing because that's what lands you lottery balls. Go Bulls!!
pjay197::A 27 point comeback and ESPN hardly pays attention?  Wonder how big of a story this would be if it were the other way around.
kagemusha19::The Bucks are better than I thought they'd be. The Bulls are far worse - I knew their shooting would be garbage, but to suddenly be that bad on defense? I knew they wouldn't be as good on D as the past 2 years, but they can't hold a lead for anything. Even when Rose comes back they'll still be a mediocre team at best. Still, the Bucks' ceiling isn't all that high and 45 wins could win the central division this season. Wow.
266Joe::pedo you are sheriann ryan
Sherriann Ryan::here is a bet i bet you are a dirty pedophile
smokingstogies305::Is there such a thing as a clean pedophile?
..BrewersWin::Bucks seem better on the road this year.
Sherriann Ryan::get in the kitchen and stop watching sport
_Stay_Classy_::I don't care who you're missing, giving up a 27 point lead is embarrassing.
MTNDEWWD55::the bucks bench is pretty good
InCubaWith2Pac14::Thibs onlye played 8 players tonight, maybe they were tired.. Our bench is weak.
dante9876::We was up by 27. Who's fault is it we only played 8 people. Are those guys hurt or something.
CodyBizurk::If the bucks can get Ersan on that level he played at through streches of last season they are gonna do some damage this year. That guys got big potential.
GetOffMeDude::Too early to tell., the Bulls would still take control of the central.
MTNDEWWD55::The division is now a three team race between the Bucks, Bull, and Pacers. The Bucks need to win more games now and get as much of lead as they can now so that they can whether the stretch of games at the end of the year when the Bulls get Rose back and the  Pacers get Granger back.
Bulls Lost To The Bucks Lol::Nah. They're done.
InCubaWith2Pac14::Go to sleep.
InCubaWith2Pac14::The Bulls need to sign Delonte West.
pjay197::He needs a player's mom to date in order to lure him in
Bulls Lost To The Bucks Lol::Bulls need to sign Donald Duck and Mickey Mouse, heard they're good at defense.
..BrewersWin::So Dunleavy, Udoh, Udrih, Ersan, and Lamb brought the Bucks back? Wow (:
_Stay_Classy_::The Fab Five v2
a3uge::Jennings/Ellis combine for 16 points and the Bucks comeback by 27. That's pretty incredible. Ersan finally earning his paycheck.
torrtis::The Bucks unleashed their Bench Mob.
..BrewersWin::Scary end of the game, though. That turnover on the inbound almost cost the Bucks.
lhscf1::It's something that's taught to you from the time you start playing basketball...COME TO THE GUY IN-BOUNDING THE BALL! Would have been gut wrenching to have lost because of that.
Miami_Heat_champs_FTW::you think Monta Ellis will make the east all star team this year?
Doodzy4::Monta was deserving of the All Star Game AT LEAST one of the past three years and shunned, and should definitely make the All Star Game this year!
..BrewersWin::No lol. He is very inconsistent.
Miami_Heat_champs_FTW::Yes this year he has had a rocky start but if he gets back to balling then he could make it.  The only other shooting guards in the east I can think of is Wade and Joe Johnson.  That his main competition.
codythegoat::Do you guys know why Larry Sanders only played 12 minutes? Injury?
squiddy45::skiles is a really weird coach like that. he's very inconsistent with players minutes
squiddy45::same reason
codythegoat::Ok. It seems like whenever Sanders gets 20+ minutes he gets near double-double numbers. Hopefully the Bucks can keep more games close so he can get those minutes.
Miami_Heat_champs_FTW::Good game Bucks.  But why did Monta Ellis only play 26 minutes?
squiddy45::couldn't guard rip. plus we were down huge so skiles put bench players in and just left them in
Miami_Heat_champs_FTW::ok
squiddy45::OH MY GOD, espn is gonna show a bucks game's highlights. I'm so excited
..BrewersWin::Bucks gave the Heat a pretty good game down in Miami last week. Hopefully the Bucks can make the playoffs.
Miami_Heat_champs_FTW::Yeah I like Monta Ellis.  One of my favorite players.  I hope Bucks make it to playoffs too.
Bulls Lost To The Bucks Lol::Yeah, I hope they can too. Would be good for their city and fans
..BrewersWin::Are you mainly a Heat fan Bulls lost to the Bucks lol ?
Bulls Lost To The Bucks Lol::Yes. I've been a longtime fan though.. since 2001. BEFORE Wade. and definitely before LeBron.  Sorta a Bucks fan as well since I grew up outside of Milwaukee when I was a little kid, but then moved to Southern Illinois to attend SIUC
Bulls Lost To The Bucks Lol::Good times haha
..BrewersWin::I believe you. I love D-Wade. He took Marquette to the Final Four (:
..BrewersWin::Yeah Go Bucks! I gave up hope, shame on me (:
Bulls Lost To The Bucks Lol::Bulls were planned to choke anyway
Bulls Lost To The Bucks Lol::yep
..BrewersWin::Glad it was against the Bucks then ;)
Bulls Lost To The Bucks Lol::^^^
HawksCubs10::Pathetic, that's all I have to say.
BrewCrewFoSho35::Monta ellis trill AF #300
NBARefsRimRose::Tom Thib is a dumb
NBARefsRimRose::C U N T!
I like the Packers::I have something to ask Bulls fans again. Did you team downgrade your bench? I have a friend who persistently disagrees with me saying they didn't. Thoughts?
InCubaWith2Pac14::From the looks of it, yes.. I wasn't sure at first, but seeing them actually play, Yes! they did downgrade. Bulls at least should've kept Korver, Brewer, and Lucas. They actually got rid of everyone.
cubfan6285::Didnt see the game but Bucks benched 56, Bulls 10.
InCubaWith2Pac14::The only players from the bench who got minutes were, Taj, Jimmy, and Nate? Expect some trades at the deadline. Our bench this season is ASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!
