NYeltigre::Jazz need to get ride of Harris and there are rumors that he is being shopped. Who could the Jazz get for him and who should be included in this trade? I would seriously love to get rondo as he was being shopped this year too but not sure the jazz could give up enough. Maybe Harris, Warriors pick this year, trade exception, and another draft pick??? or how about nash??? nash would fit perfect in jazz system, Harris has only one year on contract and Pheonix badly needs to rebuild. Thoughts??? anyone???
dhwath::Jazz will get smoked by Dallas next week...but I will say the Jazz are a little better than I anticipated, they play hard.  No question I would have had Watson in there down the stretch over Harris. Harris is a shoot first point guard and the problem is he isn't that good a shooter.  The Jazz are a couple nice guards away from contending. Mostly they need a guard that can shoot the 3 at a higher clip.
Mavsolute Beast 41::Some Jazz fans need to get over it...If you p.iss him off Dirk will slap you..it's a given.That was nothing compared to the slap he gave Rubio some days ago knocking him to the ground.Too bad I can't find a video to illustrate it for you cause I doubt you have watched that game.
basketballjones1994::Dirk played horribly with a cold. Poor Dirk...
scottpilgrim36::Didn't help that one of your best players who happens to be a former mav shot a pitiful 0-7 for 1 measly point
scottpilgrim36::29-19 freethrows in favor of the Jazz. Seems like the refs weren't helping my Mavs out TOO MUCH now. Respect the champs. MAVSNATION
ChiefIlliniwek4Life::Why do idiots think freethrows should always be split 50-50?  The more aggressive team is going to get more calls.  That's just the way it is.
tbest23::Lots of home cooking so far for the Spazzers.  The record will even out don't worry...
fatdirk2012::lol jazz fans think they are good cause they have a winning record through 16 games....$@%!$ talk to us when the playoff begins!
NYeltigre::no FAT, Jazz fans think the Jazz are GOING to be VERY VERY strong in the future because of games like tonight. Jazz are picked to finish LAST in the west and never suspected them to be in the situation they are in right now. That is what Jazz fans think. I could say the same thing about Mavs fans. Mavs have a worse record than the Jazz right now. FAT, Jazz fans didnt expect this nor did they expect the playoffs. Understand the situation before mouthing off! thanks.... BTW no disrespect intended
yannistoes::Watson was the man for backing up Favors! Dirk is a dirt bag
yannistoes::Watson was the man for backing up Favors! Dirk is a dirt bag
Mavsolute Beast 41::Mavs baby!
DirkNowitzki4President::Why are these dumb jazz fans telling us they should have won this game when the Mavs were the ones up by 13. Tell favors that if he had a HOF career like dirk, then the refs might be on his side for once.
NYeltigre::So becasue someone has a HOF career they dont have to play by the same rules?
van.muhle::Drik should have gotten T'd up for sure, I dont care what basketball career you have had, refs should call the game fair both ways, thats what their payed to do. Only Dallas blow hards would watch that and think Dirk did nothing wrong...
otm4life::You obviously didn't watch the game or have the IQ of a wrench.
otm4life::Jazz got worked by that racist ref.  Dude throws facors out of the game for nothing and Dirk has no consequences for his actions.  What a joke.  Oh well.  Anyone who watched the game could see that the Jazz are clearly the better team.  There's a lot of promise for this young Jazz group.  Probably one -and-done in the playoffs this year.  But if the core group can stay together for aonther five years there is dominance in the future.
Mavsolute Beast 41::"Jazz are clearly the better team"?? Are drugs legalized where do u live or what? cry some more
yannistoes::no... we don't live in texas...
Texasgirl6200::Crybaby.
otm4life::Wow.
tfc-jr::Where was Evans?
Tkw2008::The coach from the Jazz was proud that his team doesn't back down, and he is right, the Jazz are one of the leagues best at playing dirty!   I HATE the Jazz!
n8n8n888::What you call dirty is more accurately hard-nosed challenge-the-offense-to-get-past-you defense.  It's the way most teams played in the better eras of basketball.  Now, if people make even slight contact a foul is called.  It's unfortunate b/c it slows the game down, making it less interesting.  The Jazz do things the right way, and aren't worried if someone like you doesn't like it.
yannistoes::I HATE texas teams!
Tkw2008::No I love defense, when defense is played the right way!
Tkw2008::Pay backs are hell!  And who was kicked out of the game?
n8n8n888::So what you are saying is you don't like teams who actually play defense.
dcfaithfull::We should acknowledge that Dirk acted like a dick off of that foul from Favors.  Uncalled for from a guy who so many call "classy."  It was childish.
mark35345::Is this the 2nd or third Lamar Odom sighting? It was awfully considerate of him to come out of retirement and play for once. After all, he only makes 9 mill a year....
Katielk777::A loss always stinks, but I'm proud of how well the Jazz played. They are such a young and inexperienced team that fought well with the reigining world champs.
n8n8n888::Man, what a night to forget.  First the Cougars lose, then the Jazz.  What's up w/that?  Let's get to the next games quickly and put these behind us.
designtoad::Agreed. Both teams lost very winnable games (gave the other team the game).
Asif11111::Mavs Fans! I mailed a jersey to dirk about a month ago and it came back signed today! You all should be proud of your team and franchise as Mark Cuban is just pure class for making the players sign autographs for fans. Random tidbit i know but just an FYI ;)
Snakes_::ha! that's neat.
Asif11111::I know! Exciting lol
Mavsolute Beast 41::Don't sell it on ebay now :-D
Asif11111::Just got it and sent you a reply! Best of luck!
Idrum88::asif i sent you a PM
Asif11111::Haha will (not)
Idrum88::anyone have the video of dirk slapping the ball out of jazz players hands?
dcfaithfull::Nba.com
Mavsolute Beast 41::Where's that chicken Jazz fan from India who talks smack before every game?
designtoad::Sweet, the Jazz have fans in India... that also talk smack!
Idrum88::jazz fans are hiding
dcfaithfull::No hiding here.
Snakes22::If Devin Harris ever shoots another 3 pointer I am going to shoot him.
NYeltigre::snakes you havent watched hayward play too much then. He shot almost 50% from three last year. Not sure what a good shooter is if that isnt.
Snakes22::I like it when CJ is aggressive and goes to the basket.  Hayward is also just flat out not a good shooter. He is what he is. I don't see a very high ceiling for this guy.
mark35345::He should get hurt soon - and he'd never get off Jerry Sloan's bench
designtoad::Yes, he is not the same player he was when he played for Dallas. Unless there is significant improvement, he's next to go. CJ looked good again.
Joeschmo loves Heat::Dirk should have been hit with a technical for slapping the ball out of a Jazz player's hand. Yet he wasn't. But a Jazz player does the same thing to Dirk and all of a sudden it's a technical.
Tkw2008::I totally agree with dcfaithfull, "stars" shouldn't get any more calls then anyone else, a foul is a foul regaurdless of who commited it!  I hate the saying "you have to earn that call"!
brsims10::Cant throw someone out for something you didnt see. Old boy who retaliated should have done it during play time, not when the ref was sitting there about to inbound the ball.
Tkw2008::Typical Jazz fan, complaining!!   Ever listened to the crowd at a Jazz game?  They have to be the worst for booing!!
NYeltigre::Stupid comment TKW. Just dumb. That is what a home crowd is for. They are suppossed to annoy and make things hard for the opposing team hence the fact that Utah always has a huge home court advantage.
dcfaithfull::Do you honestly believe that that was technical worthy?  Who gives a $@%! if Dirk is thrown out of the game, it should've happened.  It's pathetic that the NBA allows their "stars" to get away with behavior that anyone else would get ejected for... take Favors for instance.
unknownmonkey26::Well, the refs couldn't give dirk a second technical.  He'd be out of the game, and its not allowed for a ref the throw a beloved NBA superstar out.  That ref would be kissing his career goodbye.
Mavsolute Beast 41::After slapping aldridge,durant,westbrook,kobe,gasol,lebron,bosh and wade last season dirk has earned the right to slap everyone
dcfaithfull::Slapping with winning basketball is one thing, slapping the ball out of someones hand for no reason is childish and stupid.
refereehater::look at the freethrow difference and tell me whos a referee sucker . Dallas has to beat the referees and the opponent every night.
Idrum88::where the hell are all the jazz fans now? all that $@%! you were talking about winning this easily....you must have forgot that the damn CHAMPIONS were coming to town!!!
Tkw2008::Who are you trying to kid, All Jazz fans talk smack!
designtoad::Jazz fan here. Usually, I don't talk smack, but I'll give it a try: "Dallas is the oldest team in the NBA!"  How was that? Weak, I know. Truth is that there is no reason to harp on Dallas. They are classer than most teams.
jonnyd_94::its too bad they couldn't get a deal done with Deron.  This team would be right there with the Thunder.
CandySparker::Marvelous Top performance is Shown by Marion.
Mavsolute Beast 41::Good win Mavs!
BSUfan25::Some of the mav fans are D**ks!!! im a jazz fan, and the defending champs earned the win. But the Jazz are "rebuilding" in a way.So the State of utah has a good team, just not a top 5 team yet. Once we get rid of stupid harris or start watson and that will instantly make us better. Utah for the championship in 2013!!!(: lol
Tkw2008::Oh please!! I hope NOT!!
stockton2malone26::With a D-League-caliber starting point guard the Jazz win this game, no question. With Devin Harris, Jazz lose.
NYeltigre::I agree with the fact that Harris is just not getting it done but Watson coming of the bench is a terrible idea. He is way too valuable to have come off the bench. Case in point when he stood up for Favors. The starters have raja for that.
dcfaithfull::Yeah, I think Watson has shown he deserves a chance at starting.  Harris can't be counted on.
basketballjones1994::Watson is the guy.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::5 things...1. Burks isn't ready for crunch time play. 2. Marion and Odom killed us on the post up game tonight. 3. Roddy B killed us. 4a,b.Devon Harris killed us(along with the last 2 plays Watson was in) 5. Favors needs a lot of work.
EMCanada::Hopefully the Jazz even the series next week in Dallas. Hard fought game, should be fun to see part 2.
_Jimmer_Time_::one last thing, if you to NBA.com you will see a hilarious pic of Marion's face during the game. It looks weird. that's it, gn
TubbyTime334::Roddy B Beasting it! 17 points in 18 min.
_Jimmer_Time_::gn all
kpinman::http://www.drivebaseline.com/
_Jimmer_Time_::GG and GL to both teams, fun game to watch.
rbmw263::9-5&gt;9-7  gg Mavs
drac1100::rbmw263 - it took us a long time to realize that the regular season doesn't mean a whole heck of a lot.  It seems a little silly even if you are a big believer in the regular season though to be comparing records when 9 of your 14 games have been at home and only a few weeks into the season.  Good luck the rest of the year.  You guys have a lot of athletes, but seem to be a bit all over the place.
jessemangelson::They have no superstars and still have a better record then the Mavs haha.
drac1100::In two posts you have argued that records matter and then argued that they don't.  Love it man - and hey enjoy the loss.
jessemangelson::The Mavericks had the best record in 2007 67-15 and lost to the Warriors haha.
DirkNowitzki4President::The Spurs had the best record last season but where did that get them
StinkyDivacs::True.  But this loss hurt.  We should have beat the Mavs.  They were just very hungry for a win tonight.  We'll be alright though.
dcfaithfull::and your beloved Mavs won't win another.  Sorry.
Tkw2008::I agree with your statement, but only because the NBA won't let them!  Letting players dictate where and who they want to play with is ruining the NBA!
DirkNowitzki4President::You guys have NO SUPERSTARS  Jefferson is pretty good
jessemangelson::You guys have crack head Odom.
jessemangelson::Did i say they would? Haha.
DirkNowitzki4President::The Jazz will never win a NBA title. Sorry  Jealous?
jessemangelson::Mavs suc k this year sorry.
DirkNowitzki4President::The Mavs should have beat the Lakers and Clippers if not for those buzzer beating 3's. There are still many games to go so just get over it
DirkNowitzki4President::1 Title &gt; 0 Title  Good Game for the Jazz to. Hopefully we meet in the playoffs
rbmw263::was it not painfully obvious how bad the harris-bell-hayward-sap-al lineup struggled tonight???? we lost our intensity and offense when they were in and the Mavs made a run every time. yet Corbin went back to them in crunch time
jessemangelson::He's trying to be Jerry Sloan haha.
TAC0REV::Corbin has really done a great job this year, but this loss is on him. Harris should have remained on the bench at the end of the game and Watson should have stayed on the floor
danielwsmithee::I agree, Watson was worn out.   He more or less brought the Jazz back by himself in the second half.  Harris has had a few big games.  Hopefully he gets his head together, whatever is going on with him is mental.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Watson turned the ball over the last 2 plays he was in the game. I agree Watson had a better game than Harris BUT HE WAS SOOO TIRED AND SPENT at that point.
StinkyDivacs::We can pretty much put that on Harris alone.  He is horrible.  We should just throw him on the IR with one of those phantom injuries and play Earl and Tinsley for now.
CaptainKirkman::Will Roddy start now?
DirkNowitzki4President::he better   JKIDD almost cost us that game but then he mad up for that
TAC0REV::The Jazz have some good pieces but are a ways from becoming a complete team. They need a PG desperately, as well as a scoring SF. My concern is that they do just enough to make the playoffs and get bounced in the first round, missing out on their own 1st round pick which is top-14 protected and will go to Minnesota if we make it to the postseason. Then Golden State sucks it up, and we don't get their pick either (which is top-7 protected), leaving the Jazz without any 1st round picks, in supposedly a very good draft, with some big holes still to fill. The Jazz as-is won't be a true contender any time soon. In the long run, they'd be better off not making the playoffs and keeping the draft pick... even better if Golden State gets it together &amp; we end up with their pick too
TAC0REV::Exactly, the Jazz need to draft their own guy rather than trading for some rehash PG that will just turn out to be a hack like Harris. The guy I've had my eye on is Kendall Marshall from UNC. He's got the skill set of a true pass-first point guard, which is exactly what the Jazz are lacking
rbmw263::we need a star guard. I think we only get the caliber player we need through the draft. Granger Iggy etc would leave us in the second round again
StinkyDivacs::True, but I hate the idea of playing for draft spots.
eliassteve::Dirk has the MVP, Finals MVP and a Ring. What does the state of Utah have? A statue of Karl Malone. The mail boy.
rbmw263::oh and we have the top 2 pg to ever play the game who's assist record would only be challenged if Jason Kidd played until he was 55
eliassteve::A Power Forward who ran away from Utah to get a ring in LA. Still he did not get one after pairing up with Shaq and Kobe.
rbmw263::He wanted a ring before he retired, and he obviously wasnt doing it without Stockton.  Doesnt take away from the caliber of player he was
StinkyDivacs::Hey, Leave the statues out of this!
Jeffdahmer2002::come on now you damn well know the jazz and the supersonics would have won championships in the 90s if not for michael jordan
TaysColts::just like no one cares about the mavs...
DirkNowitzki4President::lmao
eliassteve::Raja Bell shows his fake toughness against Odom. Wish Stevenson was with the Mavs.
eliassteve::Odom seems more comfortable today.
spurscowboys1312::he's a robert horry. he will play much better in the playoffs.
DirkNowitzki4President::Yea he's getting better
DirkNowitzki4President::Man I wish we still had our old group but if we have a chance to land both Howard and DWill, then it is worth it
jessemangelson::Howard and Dwill haha thats funny. Keep doing drugs.
Jeffdahmer2002::It's probably already been said but something is wrong with nowitzki..80% of the time if he misses a shot it's in and out..but bricks and settling for 3's
Jeffdahmer2002::Okay so he's had this knee condition all year? he hasn't looked good at all
eliassteve::He has the MVP, Finals MVP and a Ring. What does the state of Utah have? A statue of Karl Malone. The mail boy.
TaysColts::PS. Dirk shoves like a d-bag... wait he is a d-bag. Good win though... oh and posting this same line in three different threads.. what a tool.
StinkyDivacs::I'm sure that Ty Corbin got mad at Earl Watson for picking on her.
scow79::He had a bad case of Vagisitis
jessemangelson::I would feel bad if i was a Mavs fan.
DirkNowitzki4President::I would feel bad if I was a Jazz fan
griffin550::And it seems the Jazz fans have a case of jealousy.
StinkyDivacs::His female parts were hurting.
DirkNowitzki4President::he's injured. Did you even watch the game?  Did you see what he's wearing on his knee?
Jeffdahmer2002::What hapened to Harris I followed him at wisconsin and with the mavericks but I dont know what happened to josh howard either
aaronb528::howard is making a great comeback he just had a strianed quad tonight. jazz could have used him tonight.
deanis67::Josh Howard has been really good off the bench this year suprisingly.
DirkNowitzki4President::Vinsanity should be back to the Mavs lineup by the next game. For some reason in Dallas, older players seem to find the fountain of youth here
eliassteve::Durant will be the next McGrady
jessemangelson::As the Thunder go to the finals this year.
StinkyDivacs::Vince Carter never helped anybody.  He's another McGrady.
deanis67::Another McGrady? If him and Yao could have stayed healthy, they would have won at least 1 title
eliassteve::That means less minutes for Roddy.
DirkNowitzki4President::well then we have to give JKIDD less minutes
deanis67::Bring back Fes to start at point, he cant be worse than Harris
eliassteve::.
StinkyDivacs::I can't believe that Harris missed the rim by 2 or three feet on that wide open shot.  Some guys have it, some guys don't.
aaronb528::No joke dude choked big time tonight. he should never have come back into the game.
Jeffdahmer2002::I know it's way too early to speculate but Kanter looks like a potential bust he reminds me of the guy from west virginia kilicli probably spelled that wrong
TaysColts::kanter is going to be a stud! even if he is a bust (which he will not) he will be miles ahead of greg ostertag. He just needs to go right back up with the ball instead of taking forever. He will learn and other teams will pay. Go BIG TURKEY!
TAC0REV::He's 19 years old for crying out loud, and he's already an above average rebounder and solid defender. He just needs some polish on the offensive end, and needs to go up stronger when he has the ball under the basket
scow79::He's only 19.   He's going to be a good player in the league
StinkyDivacs::Kanter needs to pass his offensive rebounds back out.  He doesn't have what it takes to put it back in right now.
rbmw263::rebounding machine. but he does need offensive work
rr21793::you can say what you want about dirk, but he will go down for successcfully doing the most with the least to work with during the Mavs championship run last year. dude defines MVP. Also, on a sidenote, he still has the most unguardable shot. that fadeaway is sick, especially coming from a 7 footer.    top 5 unguardable player shots:    1. dirk's fadeaway  2. melo's signature spin move to the finger roll (only thing you can do is foul him when he gets that close to the rim)  3. Kobe's fadeaway  4. tony parker's teardropper  5. lebron's stepback jumper (during the first 3 quarters)
TaysColts::Kobe is better..
_Jimmer_Time_::top 5 unguardable <b> today</b> right? Not all time?
_Jimmer_Time_::I know, I'm just making sure this is only for today's players, not his top 5 all time.
deanis67::Sky Hook is number 1 all time by a long way
deanis67::You dont have to guard number 5
eliassteve::Get 5 off your list and I like your comment.
deanis67::Utah possibly have two of the worst starters in the league
DTrimUSU::The Jazz need a 2 that can score and defend.  Letting Matthews go before last season was painful.  Understandable for the money side of it, but painful.
EMCanada::Its like the Jazz feel like they have to start Harris cause he's the PG they got to replace DWill. Fine start him, just let Tinsly play a little more and let Earl finish the games. As for Raja, he's not the guy we need.
BSUfan25::i like raja bell, hes a strong defender who has emotion, like watson in this game, the jazz need bell
rbmw263::and everybody in Utah knows this besides Mr Corbin
