mackfactor::It's a good thing the Pacers gave Hibbert that max deal. Without his 9 points and 7 boards, this game could have really gotten out of hand. You always have to pay a seven footer who doesn't even average a single double.
drpopp1::again another night-where was hibbert?  does he not like the night life.  I would say it is time to resign west and trade the biggest bust of the offseason.  really-jj hickson out played hibbert- are we on a parallel universe?   oh by the way why is it that when one guy has an off night the entire team feeds off that except west.  george are you hanging out with hibbert- maybe switch it up - hang out with west or paul?
yellowdart24::The Heat lost to this team on the road as well. Portland is an up and coming team with Lillard running the point. No suprises here.
OJPimpson489::Lillard is the goods
OlBoyP::thought the game would be closer than this but the game in indy was really close so im not surprised my pacers got an L in this one.
OlBoyP::and aldridge should be an all star
KillMeBaby::LOL 5th place
enemy_80::LOL long season.
yellowdart24::When the Pacers split their remaining two road games they will be 27-18. The Pacers have not lost two in a row since early December. After this road trip the Pacers have 9 of their next 10 and 11 of their next 13 games at home. Remember the Pacers have played a lot of road games already and have been awful on the road. The Pacers are also on an 11 game winning streak at home. The Bulls however during this similar stretch have 10 of their next 12 games on the road. Once the home games start happening this Pacers team will be favorites for the No. 2 seed let alone the Central Division. After this stretch as well the Pacers will be getting Granger back. The Bulls might have Rose as well but the hole will be too deep for the Bulls to come back.
OlBoyP::the twoof
kdoggizzle::Only major problem with this team is they need a bench. The starters are awesome, but you can't play them 48 minutes a game.
LT39TD::to whatever pacer fan that said blazer fans weren't getting chalupas tonight. YOUR A IDIOT!!! in your punk a$$ pacer faces! Blazers are Dominate!!!! Damian your a bad a$$!
yellowdart24::Don't get too excited. This Pacers team is terrible on the road
yellowdart24::Also Lillard will be a beast but too bad he plays where no media attention goes...
Bad_pi::Lillard looked great tonight. He still needs to work on splitting a double team though. Once he does that he's an all star
_leftyman39_::Great win tonight, Blazers. We took it to a team that's got a lot going for them in the Pacers. And we beat them by 20, no less. Things are really good when your team has a better chance of making the playoffs than the Lakers do. GO BLAZERS!!
Dame Lillard::I found Kobelies247 hanging out at the trolls breeding ground:  The Lakers board.
Grindhouse2413::I sincerely hope the Blazers get at least the 8th spot. I dont want Houston in the hunt. F Harden and F his beard
Cornelius-Mai::thanks pacers bulls needed that.....lmao
7810Michael::bulls will lose to the pacers on feb 4th so dont worry pacer fans
matthewescalona::don't know where you got that from. if you assume every bulls' fan likes to make excuses then go ahead. but to think the bulls are playoff fodder? really, come on now.
49ersGoat::who cares about the bulls?  Playoff fodder
49ersGoat::And you keep tell yourself that this is the year that the Bulls actually show up for the playoffs.  You've only done that for the past 15 years.
matthewescalona::LOL. keep telling yourself that.
BaySports 1.1::Only 2 three pointers and the Blazers scored 100?  Nice.
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::6-23 from 3 point land. That's just unnecessary. Oh well on to the next one. Split the season with the Blazers in the end. Good game for them, definitely deserved it over the Pacers playing like that.
blazers_0531::OT: who blamed kobe for the loss??
Dame Lillard::Blazers fans, check your inbox.
Ripcitysunny::Damian Lillard is getting much better. and he was already great.
blazers_0531::win or lose RIP CITY BABY!!!  #blazersallday
rjb9rc::Jeeez.  Just looked at the box score again.  Portland could not miss.  I mean, they did...but, you get it.  56% !!
ThinYellowLine::Leonard and Barton, em.  That's pretty thin.   Oh well, next year.
BaySports 1.1::What do you mean?  We have Ronnie Price and Jerred Jeffries!  ;)
BaySports 1.1::Called being sarcastic.  Google it.
aalaurent::that's exactly what we mean
Dame Lillard::Sad thing is, our best bench players are rookies...  ;)
blazers_0531::blazers have a day or two off. practice more guys! especially the bench :D
BaySports 1.1::What's with the back to backs? 2 against the Clippers, then 2 against the Jazz coming up...
Dame Lillard::We have LAC @ the Rose Garden?  Blazers fans, just come to this board to avoid Kobelies247 and his gang of Clippers trolls.
BaySports 1.1::I'm gonna be at the game.  ;)
Dame Lillard::Lakers only 1.5 games ahead of the Kings...  Who would've thought?
Grindhouse2413::Griz Nation here, POR beat us too. Props to them. Wish we could have done this well against IND. Oh well, we just smoked the Fakers so its not all bad.
Area55andG2::gg to memphis.
blazers_0531::next game for blazers??
ClydeTheGlide_22::Time to shut kobelies up for a while, i hope.
blazers_0531::he's done. haha! i know he is already pumped up for the next game. his team will be the next opponent for the blazers.
49ersGoat::Back to back Clipper games.  Hope for at least a split.
blazers_0531::i just wish win in portland and close game at staples.
BaySports 1.1::Clippers.  At the Rose Garden.
blazers_0531::ow.. thanks..!! BEAT L.A!!!!!!!!! :D
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::Breaking News: Miles Plumlee is the Champion of the Mad Ants H.O.R.S.E. competition. What a winner the Pacers drafted in the first round.
Dame Lillard::If only Paul Allen had a clue that this team is capable of wining lots of games...  ... <i>If</i> we had a bench.
Dadsterbug::We have an owner with a lot of money but without a lick of basketball sense!
pdxdgh2012::We have an excellent owner
Area55andG2::The Heat play 13 back to backs this season. So do the Lakers.    The Pacers play 23.    tell me, tell me there isn't bias in the schedule
Dadsterbug::Portland has either 16 or 17...I lost count.
Dadsterbug::The big thing for Portland was no home stand over 3 games long.  No other team even came close to that.  You use longer home stands to get a winning streak going to ready yourself for the road.  No chance last year.
Dadsterbug::Last season Portland had home stands of no more than 3 games...all season.  Denver had 1 of 8 or 9 games &amp; San Antonio had 1 of 11...
aalaurent::SA always has a long home stand and a long road trip because the rodeo comes to town every year, it was just more noticeable last year since there was a shortened schedule
tbomber2::whine more
BaySports 1.1::Well at least the Lakers suck I guess...
pdxdgh2012::Maybe if Indiana weren't such a terrible place to live
scratchplus1::says the portland hipster
Hmrstrm::How long did you live there?
Minnysota Vikings::The Blazers have a top 4 starting lineup in the West. Their bench just sucks.
Dadsterbug::Paul Allen (owner) got 8 rookies &amp; 1 year bench warmers this season...plus a new coach.  We were handicapped from the start!
Dame Lillard::#1 PPG starting 5.
aalaurent::but last in the league in bench PPG
BaySports 1.1::Pretty much.
XBandWagonX::Blazers suck Pacers suck
Bad_pi::Gtfo of this board if ur not a fan u $@%!
Iceman161985::blazers are really good vs above 500 teams, not so much vs the cellar dwellers. at least in the playoffs you dont play those teams
Maxi Klinger::So the Blazers fans REALLy think they are going to win against the Clippers? LOL.......  Whatever bed time story makes you sleep Blazers fans.........
nic49494life::NBA CHAMPIONSHIPS  BLAZERS 1 CLIPPERS 0...........!!
Iceman161985::going to be a split
BaySports 1.1::Go to bed.  I thought I told you already...
49ersGoat::Can you show me where a Blazers fan said that on this forum?
blazers_0531::NBA. nothing is impossible.
Area55andG2::dude calm down.
Mets2410::nice Nets officially in 3rd place in the East
rjb9rc::Pacers will finish as the 3rd seed, or sneak past Chi/Nets/NY for the second by a game, tops.
Mets2410::it'll be tight throughout the year though with the knicks, pacers, and bulls
Brianhau529::Off to study my $@% off. Latter Pacer fans
Dame Lillard::Finals?  (Me, too.)
Brianhau529::just a midterm, a really hard midterm
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::peace
Dame Lillard::Nolan Smith was in the game for just 1 minute and he has a +/- of +6...  :-D
aalaurent::CHALUPAS!!
49ersGoat::The other day (I forget which game) he was in the game for just 1 minute and had a + - of -16
Area55andG2::miles plumlee heading for d-league glory?
rjb9rc::He was never going to play this year.  He is possible trade asset / insurance policy if Mahinmi or Hibbert get hurt.  He might play, like Lance, in two year or when Mahinmi's contract is done.
rjb9rc::Remember, the Pacers were going to draft him or Perry Jones who is riding OKC's bench.  Draymond Green is Tyler Hansbrough.  Plumlee will have the opportunity to develop into a rotation big man, because you cannot teach size and his athleticism.
rjb9rc::Pacers beat Memphis, then lose to Portland.  Writing was on the wall after the Blazers lost their sixth straight.  Here's to the next game (clink)
Beaver Cowboy Blazer Believer 17::Proud of will and Meyers tonight
ThinYellowLine::A little bench tonight?  I'll be damned.
blazers_0531::Lillard ROOKIE OF THE YEAR!!
XBandWagonX::Pacers your done. Go to bed
Brianhau529::you're*
XBandWagonX::Heat fan even better
Area55andG2::ah, the good ol bulls fans
blazers_0531::thank you!! LET'S GO BLAZERS!!! sorry to Indiana for the last shot.. chalupa for fans might better!
aalaurent::they let us take it almost, it was a classy loss by the pacers. no chippy fouls at the end or anything
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::Just waiting for Granger.
Mike39971::and you think he's going solve all your problems?  LOL
aalaurent::granny danger?
Dame Lillard::This beats the Denver game as being the closest game without chalupas.  Denver came with 3 sec. left, and this one came with just 1 on the clock.  ;)
iownamicrowave::Lots of offensive foul calls on indiana tonight. Offensive foul calls are can really swin momentum
IndianaBasketball1993::Good night guys .   gonna go snort a line of aderol, then play 2k and make Lance a 99
IndianaBasketball1993::lol already ahead of ya. Peach longbeach. good luck at iu next sem
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::thanks man. have fun with your aderol haha
Brianhau529::that's the life!!! haha make sure to eat first
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::oh my god, that made me lol the lance part lmfao
tbomber2::<b>are you seriously blaming the refs when you lost by 20?</b>  AND took more FTs?
qandrews94::You know this game was not even close to a 20 point blowout. Most unaccurate score ever.
MiamiHeatwaveLBJ4MVP::Haha
Iceman161985::blazers needed this one bad. hopefully this propels them onto a nice run
NGplayinskillz::This just seemed like an off night for Indiana. I wouldn't lose faith fellow Pacer fans.
Giantsfan12997::Good. We're gonna be the beast of the East when Danny's back.
