gobaders::GO BUCKS!!
UWBadgers442::as a person living in Milwaukee all I have to say is that attendance was embarrassing. The Bucks will be relocated if they don't build a new arena. The Brewers and Packers run this town.
stone419::GO KNICKS!
oreed luv his redsox::well knicks survive..lol..get ready for that a'ss woping  #1 round!!!!!!!!!!!!!;)
dvincent99::Boston blows!
91Ugh_GmenRepeat91::And u wonder why everyone hates Boston sports fans...
Ynwa4life7585::Well, the knicks would be a better fit for the playoffs than the lowly bucks
jvernum20::Glad melo is top paid to help a talented team squeak into the playoffs over a bucks team,.,,yay melo
RICHIEBABY617::ur a hatterrrrrrrrrrrr  ............ its melos faut the coach was a lame and lin and stat are hurt....dont be mad bro one day youl get taller
oldirtyzoo::Damn didn't realize how bad the bobcats are.....wow they really suck.
savetheplanet35::great win....however that was the worse officiating i have seen this year....ticky tack fouls on threes as if they wanted to give the game to the bucks
BeMilwaukee3::Dont like this comment if you like Skip Bayless.
oldirtyzoo::Skip Bayless &gt; Bucks
savetheplanet35::skip is so sensitive....jalen rose owns that dude
oldirtyzoo::Buck fan: Fear the Deer! Fear the DEER! JR Smith: You mean that deer I just killed lying dead right there? Buck fan: ........CRYING JR Smith: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!
Count_IT33::Attendance: 15,534 pffft - half that arena was empty.  Pathetic.... Bucks didn't deserve to win, and won't win until they fill up the arena.
91Ugh_GmenRepeat91::The low population doesn't matter to the brewers or packers they always filled
KazHashi13::To be fair the population of Milwaukee (~900,000) is about one tenth of the population of NYC (~8,000,000).  It's understandable why they have a harder time filling the arena than the Knicks.  Also it's not up to the fans to make the team better.  The owner/organization needs to make the team better than the fans will come.
oldirtyzoo::Bucks fans even get less credit than that. Half of them were there for supporting Novak: his friends and family.
Thetimpanikid16::People are forgetting why the Knicks are winning. It's NOT all Melo. Give credit to the defense and coach Woodson. Defense is winning them games. Melo's scoring is a result of tenacious D
RICHIEBABY617::FALSE... its
mizer35752::i give all the credit to woodson. he has the team playing defense and giving melo his touches. i'm just p!ssed the knicks got hit with injuries. with their healthy roster, this was their shot.
KazHashi13::I also don't understand your last sentence.  How was Melo's scoring a result of tenacious D?  It's not like Melo got a bunch of fast break points because the D was forcing turnovers.  Most of his points came in isolation situations in the half court set.
savetheplanet35::that and also woodson is using melo the right way..the way most teams use their superstar..with d'antonio it was just come down court and jack up shots 1 and done
KazHashi13::The Bucks just scored 107 points.  I wouldn't exactly chalk that win up to the great defense.
oldirtyzoo::Watch out Melo d i c k riders will accuse you talkin hate lmao. sad but true.
jvernum20::i love that comment..we need a like button and then a I friggen love it button
BeMilwaukee3::Follow @MrFakeBayless on twitter! Hes hilarious!
gobaders::Bucks will beat Indiana at home and will win last 7 out of 8 games while the knicks will win 4 out of 8
oldirtyzoo::Wow after getting shutdown in your home court, you got the nerve to start talking smack lmao loser no PO for you
P4P Pacman::The Bulls are 1 and done!!
gobaders::knicks got lucky at the end
RICHIEBABY617::dont even respond to these lil guys .... lucky wins ??? that ssounds dumb
oldirtyzoo::Every f'n game when the Knicks beat a decent team, and the Bucks have been hot lately, unless it a 15+ blowout, critics always say luck. With this injured riddled team, we defeat tough opponents consistently becuz we Knicks got heart and fight hard to win, we always have a bad quarter in the mix so i guess we are lucky that good teams we play suck  also lol.
stone419::lucky like a fox
dx0520::I don't know why people hate on Melo or hate on Lin, they're both on the same team $@%!$@%!$@. If you're a true Knicks fan, you'd love to have them both. If you're a true Knicks fan, you'll realize that the Knicks need them both and will only be that much stronger when they're both healthy and contributing.  As for last night's game against the Bucks, my wife and I were on the edge of the seat. My wife and I love Lin and Melo, and last night's game we were screaming at the Knicks, we were like "WTF are you guys doing, HELP OUT". Yeah, we felt so bad about Melo, he's doing all the damn work and no one could buy a damn basket, until late in the 4th quarter anyway when it counted. But still, the trend in the past few games is that THE REST OF THE KNICKS NEED TO CONTRIBUTE.  The one thing I would say is, the Knicks need to be CONSISTENT. They are immensely inconsistent right now and I feel Melo's pain of having to carry a bunch of rags.  Yes we have capable people on the Knicks, but they don't have good opportunities to score, and that mainly depends on the point guard which we are $@%! POOR at the moment. So we NEED LIN to create for the other players to score, and Melo to continue doing what he's doing, and I can assure you the Knicks will be back in their form during the 6-1 stretch when they were beating teams in the double digits.  GO KNICKS!
oldirtyzoo::theres a lotta immature "fans" on here trying to express themselves and exposing there virgin insecurities by bashin other key members of the same team and d i c k riding other teammembers. They never learned the word: teamwork. The shortend grueling lock out season is def taking a toll on the knicks. good luck  for them to stay decently healthy. WE NEED MELO and BD healthy as possible. Jefferies looks like he hurting already.
The General 247::Imagine if we traded Melo and Chandler for Dwight Howard before the deadline?????  Man, we really would'v'e sucked!!
oldirtyzoo::That would have never happend to begin with. D Howard is turnin into quite DIva. hahaha
KNICKS DA CHAMPS 2012::Melo &gt; Howard Chandler &gt; Howard  That trade proposal made no sense.
Ismar9921::$@%! you all melo stupid hater who dont know $@%! about basketball
oldirtyzoo::MY Gosh all you do is argue about old crap. Im not a Lin supporter any more than i am a Melo support, I back the Knicks, period. Both Melo and Lin D i c k riders are blinded from the real actual game which i doubt most of you people don't watch. Did you all ever play sports??? the teamwork is everything...not jsut focused and crediting one player day in and day out. some of you fans here LMAO
oldirtyzoo::aight i'll let it go, looks like a misread the post, but there are lotta lin and Melo d i ck riders that don't watch the games and expose their utter ignorance by trying to post some wack garbage that was like last weeks news. Knicks played ill last night. We injured and not perfect but we fight. JR will always be a liability, but his shooting skills can be hot as well. Both coaches in the game get scared when he plays.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::you need to let it go...remember you were the one that originally started beef by misinterpreting bleedorange's post below.   and save us the "dont watch the game" garbage...you can tell by what people are posting that they follow the team.
nycbleedsorange::jrs shooting has been terrible hopefully the big shots last night get him on track.  hes a hard player to watch 95% of the shots he takes are bad shots but sometimes they go in.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::JR might have hit the big three...but he wouldnt need the heriocs if he didnt shoot 38%.
tyjlewis::I think he is mad with people hating on melo... maybe i'm wrong
oldirtyzoo::Knicks won. Jr shot the winning 3. Chandler 19 pts, 10 rb 100% shooting, Big win. Why u so mad with Melo?? lol
mccoywajmu::you mad bro?
Ismar9921::melo !
The General 247::Knicks need to run plays and create for for Novak!!
savetheplanet35::novak is a spot up shooter...he cannot create off the drible that is why his plays are set up for him to stand out by the 3point line
gmen-win-2012::Melosanity&gt;Linsanity
nycbleedsorange::funny how when the knicks beat a bunch of the worst teams in the league with melo out during "linsanity" everyone talked about how much better they are without melo blabla.  now the knicks are playing their best ball of the season without either Lin or amare, and they are beating GOOD teams behind Melo and people still refuse to say anything bad about Lin.  hopefully the nets offer him a ridiculous unmatchable deal next year, the knicks should move on.  not that Barons the answer but ill take a guy like jared bayless all day
tyjlewis::Agree...
tyjlewis::But they got there.... I just don't buy into them beating the bulls...  Have they improved? Yes but there is a reason they are fighting for the 8th spot...
nycbleedsorange::i dont think there going to beat the bulls either jus sayin id rather see them than miami.
tyjlewis::They are a regular season team??? Do you people not watch?  They played in the eastern conference finals last year!! jeeeeze By the way I hate the bulls but I just disagree
nycbleedsorange::just the way the team is built.  only 1 guy who can create his own shot.  very deep but not super talented in the starting 5.  these arent bad qualities but they translate more to reg season wins than playoff series wins in 7 game series vs other elite teams.  they come to play every night and play harder than anyone thats not a bad thing but everyone brings it in the playoffs
nycbleedsorange::and they didnt exactly dominate the pacers in the 1st round
nycbleedsorange::they had the best record in the nba regular season and got worked 4-1 in the east finals.
msnyc08::Chicago is a paper tiger. Knicks at full strength can without a doubt play with AND beat Chicago.  But you know who can w/o a doubt kick their butts all over the floor in a playoff series? Miami. Boston. OKC. San Antonio. Chicago is a regular season team.
nycbleedsorange::yeah i wouldnt predict the knicks winning the series, but i think theyd at least make it interesting.  chicago is built for the regular season they will get smoked by miami again.
The General 247::Agreed 100%.  Lin was definitely a savior in a way, but it was the wrong coach running the ship.  He just couldn't cater to any other style of play.  The fact that people were even favoring D'Antoni during the whole drama was ridiculous.  Melo is a proven scorer and now he is leading by example.
nycbleedsorange::the point of the post was not that Lin sucks.  its that I find it funny how when melo is out and the knicks win games Lin is the savior and melo sucks.  Yet when Lin (annnnnd amare) are out and Melo is doing work and the knicks are winning no1 has anything negative to say about Lin.  its a double standard ppl are simply Lin nuthuggers and dont want to  give melo his due.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::you would think Melo kidnapped a little white girl with the hate he gets
The General 247::The Knicks defense has improved dramatically since Woodson took over.    Lin needs to put in some work in the offseason, get better handle on the ball with his left and turn it up defensively.
tyjlewis::I agree it has improved... just not elite
tyjlewis::Oh my knick fans....  That "elite" defense will not even get you past the bulls with or without rose.  So I guess it doesn't matter...
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::f*ck off troll
msnyc08::Knicks are hardly playing their best ball of the year. They are playing same ball as early bad start except a) Melo is playing better b) other players stepping up D. But they still suffer from the same 1 on 1 isolation. They desparetly need Lin to come lead the offense, even if it goes through Melo, to open up Novak Chandler at al and to provide another penetration threat. And they need Stat off the bench.
msnyc08::Tops in the league over 16 games my friend. By far.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::not when the numbers back it up no...see there is this little thing called stats and performace..and when something does well its the way it is
msnyc08::Tops in the league over 16 games. Best defensive center in the league.  Awesome rookie defender. Melo buying in. Keep pretending this is the early season Knicks at your own risk.
tyjlewis::and knicks fans saying they have an elite defense doesn't sound dumb???
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::you sound like a dumb troll...the numbers dont lie. go to bed
tyjlewis::No team fighting for an 8 spot in the east has an elite defense... sorry
msnyc08::Melo is playing his best ball of the year, and yes the Magic game was Magic.  They have not played superbly well in several games however and are and will continue to struggle with Melo and 4 other guys playing iso. I am NOT taking anything away and think it has been a blessing in disguise for a short period to have Stat out. But now that we have Melo 'back' and committed to D, the Lin/Stat piece is critical. Other players including Melo stepped it up, they did not 'reveal' that LinStat is uneeded.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::dude PAY ATTENTION to the game...go look up their defense since woodson took over...its top 3, 12-4 recoid
gmen-win-2012::um yes.  they do actually.
tyjlewis::They have an "elite" defense??? bahaha  c'mon man be real.
gmen-win-2012::or a road win @ philly or the blowout road win @ orlando.  knickls didnt have a road win of significance all season they have 3 recently.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::What? How well was Lin playing after that magical stretch?   He was blowing it. You are right that they knicks still play a lot of iso...but Lin isn't the savior of the team. Knicks have an elite defense now...COMPLETELY different team than the beginning of the season. You have to see that.
gmen-win-2012::they are absolutely without any shadow of a doubt playing their best ball of the year.  what other wins compare to a 30 pt blowout of the magic, or a win over the bulls with rose, or a road win @ Milwaukee.
oldirtyzoo::As a Knick fan myself, you are starting to sound kinda ignorant. I take it you dont watch the games. if you did, you would appreciate Chandler's 19pt 100% FG and FT shooting, 10 rebounds, Shumperts efforts Defense, JR tenacity to stay in the game and shoot the winning 3pter, and Novak for also coming getting clutch threees. They simply won as a team or else it would be any other night Melo scores 30+ and Knicks losing.
oldirtyzoo::nicely put MSNY- good objective view. wow breath off fresh air. lol
oldirtyzoo::I love Melo pulling through these games. He is our main scorer. Why start worthless arguemnts?? Why instigate on taking sides??? Are u siked to watch B Diddy gasping for air moving like a slug cuz he needs a rest, but can't cuz TD and Bibby literally cant play. Our secondary depth has been shot. My gosh. Never mind...lol
nycbleedsorange::thank u thats all im tryin to get at here
nycbleedsorange::has 0 to do with melo.  im saying its dumb that when melos out and we win you all hated.  hard. and you blew Lin.  hard.  now its the opposite and......crickets.
nycbleedsorange::you have completely missed the point.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::its even more ignorant for people to shower endless praise on Lin and sh*t on Melo...that's all this guy was trying to say
oldirtyzoo::The ignorances is failing to mention the team, you act as if what Melo did on  Sunday against the Bulls is what he delivers every night to bail out the team for a win. Let's not just talk about individual players. On that Note, if CHandler wasn't playing we simply would have lost too. And i support Melo too, he our main dude. But you are on his nuts a little too hard. Its all good tho.
msnyc08::I watch games and the game also concerns me. Without Lin they are in deep doo-doo as they will simply revert to Melo ball and 4 other guys chucking up shots. Not taking anything away from their D, tenacity, Chandler/Shumpert D but they do in fact need Lin opening up the floor, opening up Lin, feeding Melo/Stat and penetrating.  This kind of ball cannot win them games for long.  HOWEVER, Lin back at PG, Melo playing great both sides of floor, Novak free again, Fields/Chandler/Jeffries getting alley-opps, Stat coming off bench providing best in league bench team AND spelling Melo, Knicks keeping up D? Look out world.
nycbleedsorange::i dont know how its ignorant all i did was point out the fact that when melo was out and the knicks won without him  the entire city jumped on him and blamed him for everything, and when they win without Lin no1 says anything bad about him.  THAT is ignorant.
The General 247::Knicks will keep Lin.  He's a restricted free agent and can only be offered $5M max by another team.  Knicks will definitely match it.  As a die hard Knicks fan, we definitely need Lin to run the point guard position.  We've shown that we can win games with Lin, Stat, and Melo on the floor together.  Although, I think Stat should come off the bench.   We need a good PG to back up Lin next year.  Baron Davis has looked atrocious.  Melo is playing like the elite player that he is.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::that was what the original post was about, bro. haha  hating on Melo and crediting Lin
oldirtyzoo::I NEVER said Savior, why put words in my mouth dude? Lin role is just a piece to the whole adding depth for the squad that is evident on this roster. I NEver said Star or compared Lin to Melo, as they had separate distinct roles. hahaha u funny.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::old  dont confuse backlash to linsanity hype with not appreciating what Lin brings. In the context of Lin being the Knicks savior..i say F OFF...in context of he will be a great asset when he returns I say LETS GO.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::you left out some games
msnyc08::13-26, 2-4 3 pointers, 4-5 FTs.  That kind of garbage will win you a ring.
oldirtyzoo::Nique- What?! Winnin w/o him....Do you even watch the games too? Do you see that we had no decent PG that can move the ball. Big ups for Melo changing up his play and taking the PG role outta plays but that system can't last all 4 qu. consitantly. TD and Bibby are pathetic and can't even play their role. Damn some of the people think just black and white, Lin or Melo, so dumb and you call yourself KNicks fans.
oldirtyzoo::true- he did tend to take a lot of shots, Im sure Woodson had a good pep talk on what course of action to take.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Lin's best attribute is that he can get to the rim, which creates some looks and gets him to the line.  But Let's not go overboard and start making him out to be this amazing star...the team is winning w/o him.
gmen-win-2012::didnt even play 5 games w woodson
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::He shooting was garbage...WAY too many shots
oldirtyzoo::You def dont watch the games or else you would know that Lin playing under Woodson was great for the Knicks, his TO we much lower, and they won like 5 in a row. lol
nycbleedsorange::there is no doubt the knicks need a pg not named baron davis (or tony douglas....or bibby).  I just feel like Lin peaked ina pg ball dominating offense such as Dantoni's, and in the woodson offense hed almost be taking away from Melo.  Its no Coincidence that Melos best ball has come without Lin out there.  its also no coincidence that without lin(or amare) on he floor the D has been better than ever and the turnovers have cut down.
nycbleedsorange::Big W.  Love how melo is playing.  obviously want to keep getting W's but I hope the knicks stay in that 8 spot and draw chicago.
The General 247::I still say we have a better chance at beating the Bulls.  Once Stat comes back, we'll an even tougher out in the playoffs.
tyjlewis::chicago will beat the knicks even without rose...
nycbleedsorange::i wouldnt predict the knicks to beat either but with the rose injuries and my personal belief that chicago is a team built for the regular season I think id like the chances with them better.
mccoywajmu::ok my bad if you "prefer" us fine but i really dont see why you would....saying you expect to reproduce what happened sunday seems unrealistic
nycbleedsorange::i dont think any of us said we think the knicks would win.  i simply said id prefer chicago over miami.
mccoywajmu::knicks fans are incredibly stupid....you are not beating chicago in a 7 game series...thats the same crap you talked about boston last year and they swept yall
msnyc08::My point exactly. Regular season team. Wouldn't last in a series against Miami/Boston/OKC/San Antonio. And with the Knicks at full  strength with Lin back in and Stat off the bench, playing like they are, I do believe I'll take the Knicks changes in a series.
jamdin05::definitely like the the Bulls matchup better but if we have to face the Heat, so be it...   Shump (who didnt play last game @ miami) will guard Wade, Jeffries (who also didnt play last game @ miami) will guard Bosh who killed the Knicks that game, and LeBron is a choke artist who dissapears in the 4th qtr..    i"ll accept the challenge
oldirtyzoo::funny to say staying in 8th and facing CHI is better than passing up Sixers and getting 7th and get punished by facing Miami. but who knows Bucks still might have a shot for PO at Philly's expense of course.
jamdin05::Last night WOULDVE been a crushing loss for the Knicks, BUT WE WON!!  HAHA!!  the Bucks??  please....     not even sure how they are keeping up in the standings
jamdin05::one problem i have is that i dont think he should be running the point in the second unit...    i know our other pg's are soft but he's not a point guard...    still great buckets down the stretch..  CLUTCH unlike lebron..  sorry had to thro that in there
oldirtyzoo::Blowing the 14pt in the 2nd quarter lead by JR was sad to watch. Luckily he redeemed himself by delivering the game winner! Solide game overall. Never giving up and hustling.
oldirtyzoo::IT"S OFFICIAL: All the Buck fans who were talkin mad trash on the Knicks b4 last nights game have all wisely officially changed their user names to erase their dirty foul ignorant mouths and some jumped off a bridge in agony of defeat.
nrabond007::disagreed, until they play as a team, the Knicks are not winning any best of seven series, especially against the Bulls.  They need to have Lin running the offense, balanced scoring, and great team rebounding. 2 of the three the Knicks are incapable of doing.  The Bulls win in a landslide.
nrabond007::I dont think the Knicks can beat the Bulls in a best of seven series, not enough depth.  They might give the Bulls a scare, but the Bulls are capable of making adjustments. The Knicks are too used to being an isolation team, not a half-court team, and they have a tendency to become complacent when they are ahead
jamdin05::the odds are changing once we get A'mare back...   then lets see who wins the series..  they might have the best record, but the Knicks are definitely good enough to beat them on any given night
jamdin05::they split the two games...  and that against the "best" team in our conference in the Bulls...   not such a heartbreaking loss for the Knicks @ Chicago the other night ...
jamdin05::agreed
oldirtyzoo::Woodson made some substitution errors in the 2nd qu of the Bulls games that almost became de ja vu again in the 2nd against the Bucks, Woodson this time fixed it. Knicks have no problem going toe to toe with CHi in playoffs, Miami might be a diff't story tho
nrabond007::The NFL is onto the Packers game now, the Giants exposed them in the playoffs
nrabond007::Those Buck fans always talk trash, they can never back it up, they have no team, they are just looking for a way to pass time before the Packers play football again
oldirtyzoo::hahahaha at least they got the Packers and Double-Check Rodgers...i guess i dont feel sorry for them as much. Muthabuckin Bucks! lol
I like my own comments. Phuck off.::Knicks fans forget how much mad sh*t they were talking before the Bulls beat them down a couple nights ago.
njkaplan::Oh and how the Knicks beat the bulls the day before that.  Bulls are best in the East aren't they?  Knicks are?  Well they're no joke.
jamdin05::they were talking mad sh#t here yesterday...    i havent seen anyone of them here yet today...    those fools wont show up today for some bashing
jamdin05::i wish i had read them after the game
oldirtyzoo::they got bashed hardcore last night right after the win. i was quite suprised the mods didnt show up here and regulate. the bashin was pretty brutal and showd now mercy to the bucks fans
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::they were going crazy last night?
oldirtyzoo::No before the game, then Knicks fans massacred the remainder of Bucks fans who had courage to post on the thread after the game. no buck fans were left standing. lol all bucked down or went into hiding.
jint476::landry fields has been playing well the last few games. last night night 11 pts 6 rebs and 5 asst on 5 of 7 shooting not to shabby
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::How great would it be if the knicks beat miami in the playoffs? I know we have a slim chance but it would be incredible and it would probably end any chance of Lebron winning a ring in the near future..
jint476::no phil is good at walking into a situation where he is handed the best player in the game
I like my own comments. Phuck off.::Phil would never come coach Miami. Lebron doesn't want a coach.
msnyc08::Look out with Riley coaching this team. I mean LOOK. OUT.  I realize this might be interpreted to mean the Knicks, I meant Miami but either one would be an awesome fit. RIley on the current Knicks????
jint476::if that happens spolstra gets fired and riley either coaches the team himself or hires phil jackson.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Uncle Phil is good at managing big egos...not fragile ones
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::LOL
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::Think the knicks would deal Amare if someone was willing to take on his contract?
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::Think amare will be happy with that?
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::his contract is uninsured...its terrible. not even the dumbest of GMs would take that on once he hits 30
msnyc08::No trade! Bench! Best bench in the league, keep Melo's spots open, gives him ample time to rest while you bring an All-Star off the bench. NO BRAINER!
msnyc08::Outside of possible ego issues not sure why this is not clear as a bell. Stat should be all for it too since it will prolong his career AND chance of getting a ring.
jamdin05::i agree....    thats automatic fire power down low in the second unit
jamdin05::GM's after watching him get hurt the last two seasons will not even give it a thought..   Knicks have him for another three years..
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::Wish Amare was the old Amare from Phx
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Baron Davis is a waste of talent
oldirtyzoo::I meant Baron Davis! BD is B DIddy. Bibby is a waste of a jersey and lockerspace.
jamdin05::he was starting to play like that, then blew out his back...  i think he holds back from being explosive because he's afraid of getting injured..   he's become quite fragile due to his back, not his knees
oldirtyzoo::And i wish B Diddy was the younger agile superstar PG he was while playing for Warriors lol
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::I just read it quickly thought it said Bibby
oldirtyzoo::Are you a Knick fan????? you thought B Diddy was Bibby? lmao
jamdin05::true
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::i see, neither is davis tho
jamdin05::i think he meant Baron Davis
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::Bibby is not making 100 mil tho
jamdin05::Tyson and Shump..    co-MVP's of the Knicks this season....   without them, there is no defensive presence on this team and their play makes everyone else on the team play that much harder..   love these guys
jint476::i love the attitude these knicks are playing with these days. they better hire woodson as full time coach next year
jint476::ive always disliked phil jackson since the bulls days. i still dont think he comes to ny. what if the heat dont win again this year do they fire spolstra and phil goes to miami?  phil jackson doesnt build anything he takes a finished product and teaches them the triangle when they have the best players in the league. once it gets tough he quits and writes books about his disfunctional locker rooms. no i dont want phil in ny
msnyc08::Spot on.  Just give us the Wood, we don't want Jack Son.
msnyc08::Why Jackson? Woodson has their ear and understands his players. I believe he'll do with Smith what Riley did with Starks, a CBAer before then. Smith used to be a 40%+ 3 point shooter. He can penetrate. Play D. Woodson is smart to develop him. It will pay off great dividends. EVEN if just because leaving him out there on crucial last plays with Novak on the wing and Melo with the ball leaves other teams scrambling.  Jackson IMHO is no RIley. RIley took misfits and turned them into contenders. Jackson too the worlds best and turned them into... the worlds best. Not a good fit. We are misfits.
jint476::thank you thats what ive been saying for years!!!
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::Good point.. I think you're right..
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Phil Jackson couldnt do anything with this team.
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::I would like Phil Jackson
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::I hope woodson gets the job then he is doing an incredible job of getting Melo to play hard..
oldirtyzoo::Dolan and Phil Jackon dont mix. Fact.
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::The way the bulls and the heat look lately I don't think getting the 7th or 8th seed is a such a death sentence anymore.. Celtics look more dangerous, we just need to get healthy..
msnyc08::My 1st round choice in order: Chicago Miami Boston  Don't count 'the old guys' out, I think they'd beat either of the top two playing the way they are. I definitely think they are better then Chicago PERIOD.
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::haha, I think you're right..
oldirtyzoo::Screw the difference of just couple wins. Hands down flat, Miami is the superior team compared to the Bulls.
oldirtyzoo::I would much rather have Knicks face Chi over Miami anyday, perhaps it would be better to stay in 8th than to be 7th and play the Heat in first round. lol
CandySparker::I believe Bucks to the future.
oldirtyzoo::i hope to see both the Knicks and Bucks make PO and Sixers skid off the road. Would be exciting to see Bucks face Chi or Miami in the first round. They would beat the Bulls, not sure about Miami tho.
darkace789::yea i agree with the bucks have a very bright future man
jamdin05::where are all those Bucks fans who were talking smack yesterday?????   there were a lot of you in here yesterday praising your team and state...    hello, any Bucks fans out there??  LMAO!  stay under those rocks u crawled under after that loss..   Knicks are just better..  even without STAT and LIn and your stars putting up huge numbers, you still lost in your arena..  SMH..    Knicks all the way baby!!!!
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::I hope Lin can come back for the playoffs we need a point, Shumpert might be the best defensive player in the league
msnyc08::Right behind Chandler who has his back.  Add the other Knicks buying in, Melo back to his old self PLUS passing PLUS  defense, Lin creating w/o carrying and Stoudemire leading the BENCH they Knicks are monsters.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::we dont have a complete team yet tho...still weak on the inside when chandler isn't there. The bulls MURDERED us on the glass both games. Amare is not that guy on the def end
jint476::shump is by far my favorite knick these days
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::he goes all out..
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::on ball yes...but his team D is still lacking...he gets burned on back door plays and loses sight of the ball sometimes. still filthy tho
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::absolutely
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::he will learn, he's the kind of player everyone wants on their team
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::I've been a knicks fan since the Benard King days and I just hope the knicks can make a few moves in the offseason to compete with the elite teams in the NBA..
msnyc08::No MOVES. Keep what they have and play another 1/ 2 season together, get Stoudmire to accept leading the leagues best BENCH and ta da. No moves needed.
Jairushawkinss::Carmelo is Dominating Games right Now where would New york be without him.
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Chandler SHOULD be a leader.  He's the only one with a ring.
jint476::and hoping this was the game to get novak out of his slump
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::teams are starting to pay attention to him. tough for a spot shooter to get off quality shots on his own.
jint476::smith almost single handedly lost the game for us. hes been pretty bad the last couple of weeks. how do you foul someone shooting a 3 pointer twice?
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::the second one wasnt really a foul...just a bad call
oldirtyzoo::You failed to mention the rest of the team from last nite: JR and Novak were crucially clutch, Tyson 19pts 10 rebounds.
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::agree, Chandler is awesome
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Chandler is the Knicks MVP
jamdin05::AND THE KNICKS WIN!!!    YESSIR!!!   LIKE I SAID YESTERDAY..    NEW YORK &gt; WISCONSIN, ALL DAY
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::At least melo is playing D now, first time in his career..
oldirtyzoo::He has def picked up his tempo!! and it shows by the W's!!! JR bailed us out in the clutch with his 3pter even tho for most of the game we was a wreck esp in 2nd quarter. Gotta love JR. lol
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::he's shooting 38%...hard to just ride that out. he has contributed in other areas (def, rebounding)
oldirtyzoo::i can't go down that road of ifs with you. there are over a million ifs regarding this Knick season including the fact that if Knicks did what they were capable of playing consistant ball earlier, we wouldn't be hangin on the edge of 8th place to begin with and last nights game wouldn't had had so much riding on it. JR is a wild goose, man. Goes with the package with having him play.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::if JR didnt miss so many shots, the late-game ones he hits wouldnt seem so important
oldirtyzoo::JR Swishes the threeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::Melo is happy now he can take all the shots
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Yeah.  Bibby been waiting for a shot, and veteran leadership should never be ignored on a team as "interestingly unique" as my Knicks
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::and make them...and win ball games too
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::well he has to score with Amare and Lin out...who else can really create their own shot or command a double team?
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::He is playing very well now
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Phoney Douglas got benched again. Its back to Bibby
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::I'm happy but I just don't think Melo is the answer to a championship when he has score 30plus a night
oldirtyzoo::He carrying the team and if you actually watch the games, BD is spent, Bibby and TD are a joke. Melo is creating good plays and makin good shots, just ask Tyson Chandler from last night.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::cant you at least be happy we are a real team now that Antoni is gone? We play hard every night, dont jack up threes as much, dont stand around on offense..and actually HUSTLE
oldirtyzoo::Last nite, the Bucks were trying to take out his wrists lol
If I Knew it was that kind of party I woulda stuck my::Knicks will never win a ring with this team and I'm a knicks fan.. Melo is not a team first guy
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::MELOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
oldirtyzoo::Tyson Chandler 19pts 100% FG &amp; FT Shooting, 10 Rebounds. Not too shabby. No wonder he has a ring.
scv1981::That's the way to fill a box score.
msnyc08::He has the top FG% by such a far margin it isn't even funny. The only other players who are in the same range are the ones who've taken 10 shots all year.
JDiddy8720::Where are all you morons who were screaming for the Knicks to trade Melo and saying he was the problem in NY? I always said that this team is better off without Amar'e Stoudemire because the dude has an albatross contract, plays no defense and does not rebound. Since the Knicks moved Melo to the 4, they have been on a roll. This is a guy who led the Denver Nuggets to 50+ wins on a regular basis. Ya'll must have forgot. Get Jeremy Lin to come off the bench and we are good to go.
msnyc08::Doesn't turn the ball over as much? At least Lin does it while being aggressive, BD does it while trying to get on the highlight reel. Riley would have sat BD the rest of the game after the moronic behind the back pass.  Lin is CRITICAL. If you want to play him with Melo sharing ball through him that is fine. But Lin on the floor make Novak and Chandler more effective AND Stoudemire. In other words other teams have to spread defense.  BEST solution when Lin gets back his move him back to starter, with Shumpert as SG,  and then BRING STOUDEMIRE OFF THE BENCH. Melo can flourish, Melo can REST, and teams have to deal with Amare Stoudemire led bench. Hello ring.
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Lin is overrated.  BDavis can do the same things (on a good night), and he doesn't turn the ball over as much.  Him being tired during starts comes from many months of inactivity, but he was initially sent to NY to be a starter.  He would start on just about any team in the league, even in his decrepit state.
oldirtyzoo::The only faulty thing u just said is Jeremy Lin coming off the bench. BD is a weathered down PG who had a perfect role leading the 2nd unit with fire. He is gasping for air with those starting minutes every night. Woodson knows this obviously. With the injuries, we have no secondary shooters to go with the rythym of a great quarter, no PG to spread out the floor. When BD and Melo sit on the bench. We easily blow a 14 pt lead. This team will only go as far as Melo leads them, with all the injuries. It pretty much The Melo Show. Limited to making plays that a crucial PG role is not crucial for ie Chandler doing his thing last night.
JW_2424::I don't think the Knicks are getting out of the first round with Shumpert/Davis/Bibby/Douglas handling the ball.  Love what Shumpert brings to the table but he is not a PG.  They really need Lin but it isn't clear that he will be ready to go in the playoffs (if they makeit).
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::i like him...i just dont like the hype--its bad for a rookie.
JW_2424::Not a savior, no.  But better than what they have now.  Get used to him - he's your PG next year.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Lin is overrated. He will help but he's not the savior of the Knicks
oldirtyzoo::For a big crucial big playoff-style game, where the F' was all the Bucks fans at in the Bradley Center last night?! There was like 100 fans or less there. lol Mad empty seat for a nationally televised game. Poor Bucks have no fan support despite them playing hot these days. Shocking and sad. and half the folks there were  with Novak's family.
msnyc08::And the other half BOOED them!
jsantiagocityplace@hotmail.com::i was so nervous last night i almost wet my pants
oldirtyzoo::Buy yourself some Depends.
utep1313::Knicks will be in the playoffs mark my words and the bucks will too but the 76ers won't
oldirtyzoo::hahaha much easier to say that after the win last night, but the season aint done yet and Knicks still got tough games ahead with the Celtics and Heat.
msnyc08::I think it will be very hard for the Knicks to give up 8 to Milwaukee now.  8 games left, Milwaukee needs to win 2 more then the Knicks just to tie, right now NY has tie breaker.  Knicks have 4 very winnable games as does Milwaukee. Meaning Knicks would need to tank all 4 hard ones and Milwaukee split theirs (still a tie) or Knicks only grab 1 and Milwaukee somehow beats Indiana, Boston and Atlanta. To get past the Knicks would require a pretty catastrophic NY collapse and some impossilbly good Milwaukee ball.  So better question is; can Knicks catch Philly? Who owns tie breaker if so? And would we rather play Miami? I'll take our odds against Chicago over Heat personally.
oldirtyzoo::Knicks fought hard to beat the Bucks, who would have guessed JR swishing the 3 for the game winner?! lol I would much rather face the Bulls than the Heat for the first round. Heat are better than the Bulls. with just a couple wins head of the Heat, Miami is no doubt the better team.
msnyc08::Word
JETTJAGUAR1::One game at a time is all the Knicks can do at this point, They should continue to play the rest of the season the way they played it last night......with urgency! The Sixers can be caught.
BlakHaus507::This team struggled to beat the Bucks and people are actually thinking they have a shot against Miami or Chicago in the first round?? Consider yourselves lucky if you don't get swept.
msnyc08::Do people really make observations like this on one game? Knicks last 16 games:  .750 ball top defense in league increased their points per 100 possessions spread over other teams from .2 to 12.  Played a very hungry team that is ALSO playing .750 ball last 15 (since trade) on THEIR home court in a critical game and did so w/o two starters including their PG who open up the floor and players, an injured back-up PG and role players who can shoot when they get open but can't w/o a true pg.
