Shaewo Gogo::The Pistons are bad. And I dont mean the 89-90 Bad. Ive been a fan my whole life but this is crazy. No need to talk stats or who fits with who. Hey Joe, make a deal or look for a new job.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Josh Smith to... ok, I have no clue. I can't think of any teams with quality guys making enough money that need a power forward. Who could have imagined pairing two traditional bigs with a poor shooting 3 and a poor shooting point guard would be a bad idea?
Geoff Starling::Jeffrey Nicholas - I think it has more to do with the leadership on the team and Jennings is a horrible half court PG.. J. Smith doesnt have to play any more than 10 mpg at SF and he and Monroe could both still easily get starter minutes along side Drummond. At PF and C alone there are 96 mpg available thats 32 mpg for 3 guys. Why cheeks is so insistant in Smith playing SF is confusing.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Geoff Starling Who else do they have at small forward (seriously asking)? Is it maybe less about wanting Smith at SF and more about having to play him there.
Andrew Madsen::trey burke bout to go off!
Geoff Starling::Tres Burke is average and peaked. He's not the reason things arnt working. I'd prefer him over Jennings, but I'm not sure over KCP long term. We'll see. The pistons are just flawed from a leadership standpoint. I dont think burke solves anything. Pistons need to get rid of Smith. Not a SF, cause of so many problems in the half court.
JD Scott::Geoff Starling The Jazz were 1-11 before Burke and 13-15 since.  Near .500-ball in the West is like .600-ball in the East.  He's an impact player and is still improving.  I like KCP a lot but Joe D dropped the ball on this one.  Drafting Burke and trading for somebody like Afflalo (another Dumars mistake) would've been a better way to go.
Shamurai Black TheLast::JD Scott only thing wrong about your comment is .500 ball in west is more like .850 ball in the east
David McIntyre::how not to assemble a team = see Detroit Pistons roster 2014. I don't think gores will stand for this much longer.
Allen Greene::I didn't like the trade for Brandon Jennings. he shoots the ball too much and the Josh Smith signing wasn't the greatest either But still this team should not be 16 and 23. it should be the other way around.
Ethan Fitzgerald::Trey Burke >>>>>>>>>>KCP
Geoff Starling::Burke is given the keys to the team at PG. KCP is trying to find his ways as the 5th option in in a starting line up with 4 proven players. From watching KCP, he is legit. I think he's a good all around NBA player and a guy you can win with. Burke is a guy you sink or swim with because he's ball dominant and he's always been very advanced for his age.. but I wonder how much ceiling he has left and how good he can really make a team. The current pistons lineup isn't working, but I do not think KCP over Burke is the failure. This team would not be winning with Burke either.
JD Scott::Geoff Starling Again: 13-15 with Burke in the West.  1-11 without Burke.  The Pistons have more talent than the Jazz.
Eric Blakey::fire joe
Frank Kim::Darko
Frank Kim::Darko instead of Melo.
Mike Natte::Frank Kim Melo hasn't won anything so I don't see how he helps Detroit either.  Wade Bosh Kaman hell even David West would've been better
Linton Luxe::The sad part about watching this game is we drafted Pope over Burke. I hope Brandon Jennings is watching how a true point guard run a team he's only a rookie.
Allen Greene::I keep saying Joe Dumars isn't a good gm like people says he is. He passed over Carmelo is we;; and took Darko who isn't even in the league no more. If Carmelo would have been drafted by Detroit I think he would have been a way different player. and Pope wasn't blowing anybody away in the SEC last year only averaged 15 points per game in College.
Linton Luxe::Allen Greene I agree 1000%
Allen Greene::I think he would have still been in Detroit if The Pistons took him. and also getting Brandon Jennings was a huge mistake he chucks up the dumbest shots.
Young Carter::go piston shut them down show them who we are. this trey burke fist time in the nba in detroit dont let him put nothin up but i like trey burke but im rutin fo the pistons
Jamie Homewood::Do you speak English??
Young Carter::Jamie Homewood  yes
Michael Quince::No excuse for not drafting Burke. Look at Burkes numbers compared to the clown they drafted.
Abbas Cheaib::Josh Smith, drive to the basket more, and Brandon Jennings stop taking stupid 3's. They have a chance to win each game with that formula. Go Pistons.
Jon Ripley::Smith should come off the bench. Neither Jennings or Bynum are stars, they shoot too much, and at a low percentage, don't create enough assists, and have way too many turnovers. I would start Jerebko at 3, and hope Jennings makes less mistakes. If the Pistons went 11 deep, they might be able to run some teams, and win that way.
Paul Reinhart::Should of gotten Trey Burke given how he schooled the team
Jon Ripley::Paul Reinhart - I like KCP, He's a solid player who makes plays. But the Pistons coulda' went for Burke, and changed their makeup.
Allen Greene::Oh god Pistons come on. Joe Dumars spent all this money and they are 16 and 23??? losing to Utah? Joe better hope they turn it around or he better  start  packing his  bags.
Tom Totosz::Nothing better than watching Detroit and it's scum city get pounded by one of the worst nba teams. Straight embarrassed at home.
Shaewo Gogo::lmao
Frank Kim::There you go Pistons fans, is Dumars still GM?  Guy who took Darko instead of Melo and now passes on Trey Burke?
Mike Natte::Dumars...Must...Go.  Thanks for the memories, but its time.
James Pruitt::Guy on 97.1 was hoping Burke would do well.  He got his wish. Dumars has to leave.
Charles Gates::Trade Josh Smith and Jennings. Fire Joe D. He screwed up badly again.
Dennis McBride::Looks like I made the right move,,,,JAZZ plus 6 /1/2.
Alex Webb::Jazz is about .500 since Burke started playing.
Stephan Fazakarley::If I were a piston fan I'd want a refund after this game..
Nolan Wood::Please. Put me out of my misery.
Matt Connelly::Trey Burke is the real deal.
Jeffrey Petersen::Is Hayward out?
Lamonte John::For the past 4 games.
Tony Anderson::As with every Jazz game, I'll root for my team to win tonight, and not mind it in the least if they don't. Actually kind of a fun year to be a Jazz fan! :)
Mens Mens Sana::FREE GIGI DATOME
