Commenter::You can tell the Rockets defense is bad when every team we play against has players with breakout performances. We just don't have enough quality defenders. We have some players who can play solid defense and we have some players who really don't play any defense at all. Combine that with around 60% team free throw shooting percentage and a high turnover rate every game...and this team is nowhere near as good as proclaimed to be. It's still early but this team has a lot of work to do to improve. Even then...I think they need to make some roster moves at some point to acquire another star player...cause we got too many guys out there who can score in spurts but do little else to help this team win and pretty much disappear with the game on the line.
Michael::Let's talk about turnovers since we have a lot of individuals talking about Lin's total TOs. So far this season, I wanted to compare him against the superstars in the league, as follows:   // Total TOs this season   J.Lin - 28 in 9 games C.Paul - 32 in 9 games (still going on right now against OKC) R.Westbrook - 23 in 5 games (still going on right now against Clippers)  R. Felton - 11 in 7 games (doing really good in terms of TOs) D.Rose - 25 in 6 games Deron Will - 18 in 7 games Steh Curry - 27 in 7 games B. Jennings - 14 in 5 games  T. Parker - 20 in 9 games  D. Lillard - 13 in 8 games K. Irving - 24 in 9 games  So you have a lot of players that are in the same area in terms of TOs and some that may have more TOs if they play more games. However, I believe that because Lin has so much scrutiny surrounding him, he will always have the microscope on him. I feel that his TOs definitely needs to be no more than 5 per game, but he is doing better than some of his counterparts like Chris Paul and Steph Curry. AND, at the rate D.Rose and Westbrook is moving at, they will have more than J.Lin does in 9 games.   Let's give him a break as like some of you have posted, he's putting up numbers that most of the PGs in this league will never do in one game.   Bad loss for Htown and hoping that by the All-Star break, they will be rolling! Remember the streak at 22 games! We'll do that again!
tzehengm::Whenever a good coaching is called for, Rocket have no answer.
Jack::howard is why the rockets aren't 7-2. his foul shooting is so bad it's very a serious issue for team that wants a high seed.   and his arrogance to refuse a tutorial from calvin murphy (one of the greatest of all time) is something rockets should not put up with. they'd have nothing to lose with fans and media if they started asik until howard agrees to take murphy's lesson and actually LISTEN. he's not shaq. he'd lose the media/fan battle if he whined about it. he's not shaq. he can't overcome horrible foul shooting and still win games. shaq was basically a 28/12 every night his career and against big opponents he was more like 32/15 guaranteed.    howard makes easy wins close and close games hard to win because of his pathetic performance at the line. this kid is stubborn. he doesn't want anyone's help to improve his weaknesses because he's so arrogant he wants all the credit IF rockets ever win a ring. only a moron would not accept ninja advice from one of the best free throw shooters ever and one of the best post up men ever (his coach, mchale). this little beech attitude is worth fighting him for if your rockets coaches and management. he needs to do EXACTLY what calvin murphy tells him to do. if not, let him watch asik start. maybe he'll cry and pout on the bench and refuse to play. so what? what difference is he really going to make in a 7 game series with spurs if his foul shooting helps the spurs out?
Bob::3 of the Rockets losses came on buzzer beating miracles by opponents. No big deal.
Viscount::There will always be Lin-related debates whenever there's a Rocket's game. Whether it be simple trolling or involving deeper analysis. It all boils down to criticizing vs praising the guy.
Supa T::Lin was winded in the fourth quarter. He should have rested for 3 - 5 minutes in the third quarter. After Lin missed two shots and had 2 to's Parsons started to handle the offense and nothing happened. I think that is coaching .
Lude Attitude::At 5-4, this team is underachieving.  If W's don't start piling up soon, you can almost certainly count on the pressure of the media to get to Howard and it's all downhill from there.  Houston, you have a problem.
Brian::Triple Double Alert for Jeremy Lin! 2 TO pa!
