Hahatimi::Wow the Magic got blown out.  I expected them to win against the Nets.
alohapm63::Jerry Stackhouse is alive &amp; well .......Rasheed Wallace on the Knicks Who's next Allen Iverson ????
Greg17493::Jerry stackhouse is still in the NBA..?
altare2K2::Someone nice once said "Magics not that bad". Good guy.
altare2K2::Know Orlandos going to be getting blown out but this was WAYYYYYYYYYYYYYY out there! BK hit a home run tonight in Disney World and I have to think it went straight into Tomorrowland. Last three quarters were rediculous. Tell me Im dreaming.
Steveforprez04::This is what you get for not giving us Dwight!  -Nets
reignman929::How do you shoot ok (43%), don't get an excessive amount of turnovers, and get blown the heck out by the nets to the tune of 39 points.  Yo. We got problems.
texasrocks123456::As a Hawks fan, I'm curious how Joe is fitting in on the Nets? Haven't had the chance to watch him yet.
jrtall3n7::might take some time for him to find his role with this team... for the most part this season you can't really even tell that Joe was our big offseason acquisition. Once everyone gets comfortable a familiar and can play with more force, I think we'll start to see players' talents sart to come through.
MotorCityMagic28::E'Twaun Moore is gonna be like Jordan Crawford. Great NCAA talent, but team that drafts him doesn't see him any better than a backup for a playoff team. After a short time they trade him away to a bad team and then he succeeds. Some young SG just have to be traded away to a bad team to prosper
TommyNJ::Nice win for the Nets. Lets do it again on Sunday.
pml2_2::No, seriously....
knicklyn::Net fans can't even watch the games in Brooklyn  http://knicklyn.com/2012/11/10/all-black-everything-time-warner-cable-customers-report-yes-network-blackouts-throughout-brooklyn/
Mr. Bradford::Funny stat for tonight:  The entire Orlando Magic roster tonight: 68 points of total offense. Only the Pacers starters tonight: 69 points of total offense.
trustdestruction::entire Orlando Magic roster *minus two starters...
hackmanjones2013::dwight howard has broken two teams in one trade
cwasdyke::nice win nets
I_Like_Tables::Greetings from the Miami Heat board.
BURNER_23::Where's that pu. ssy by the name of masta mcnasty? Anybody seen that little bit..ch?
jaharder88::Good win, but lose by 30 then win by 40 is not sustainable.
get_owned586::wow, 68 points, pretty goood
get_owned586::but mamma said there'd be days like this
Postmaster General of ESPN::HAHAHAHA ONLY 367 COMMENTS. NO ONE CARES ABOUT THE NETS.
mdtuzo::Apparently you do.
Sterling8673::Jacque Vaughn will make Orlando fans forget about Brian Hill, Chuck Daly, Doc Rivers and Stan Van Gundy.  In about 10 years there will be the JV statue outside the arena with the finger pointed toward the road less traveled.
AustinBeal::does anyone else think J.J. Reddick should start?
axleboy57::Definitely not over Moore, Reddicks a chump
Sterling8673::Yes he should-FOR DUKE!
mdtuzo::Also the magic aren't that bad. Just came out flat tonight and were thoroughly outplayed. They beat some decent teams already
mdtuzo::That's what I'm talking about. Complete effort all around. Good job nets, let's build on this!
jrtall3n7::they did something that isn't easy... go up by 20 and keep playing hard.
Mr. Bradford::Couldn't even get 20 points of offense in any of the 4 quarters, Magic? How can you expect to win when you can't even do that and allow your opponent two 30 point quarters?  The stats of this game are just silly. The Magic had a total of FOUR free throws (the same number of their made 3 pointers) which is a quarter of how many the Nets sank. Only one Magic had a + on the +/-. Only one Net had a - on the +/-.   Sorry, but the Magic just got pimp slapped in their own building.
Kmull152::Orlando might just get the worst record in the league this year. http://www.milkwasabadchoice.weebly.com
Sterling8673::Detroit will.
Kmull152::18 turnovers... ouch.
hackmanjones2013::pack it in magic fans its going to be a very long season
EricTheYank::Can someone at ESPN update the score?
James Harden 3 point Celebration::wow the scoreboard
elchupanibre6::lose to miami by 30, beat magic by 40. This trend will continue
Edawg7115::hello lottery ...here we come
colin55422::Hill is having a GAME!!
colin55422::I'd like to formally apologize for saying Shved shouldn't be in the NBA.  He has surprised me, and I've love Dante Cummingham since he was at Nova.
45224_CollegeHill_Cincinnati::BK
Rezo201::Still waiting for Williams to look like a franchise player, right now he looks like he should be coming off the bench. The team looks better with Watson.
Bkdevil31::Well someone was mad about the spanking at the hands of the Heat.
ItsPenV::JERRY STACKHOUSE IS A BEAST.
222222222boomboom444444444::damn
kab747::This game says a lot about the Heat. The got killed by Miami and then go and kill Orlando. It means that the Nets are just average. They will miss playoff again this year.
Andrew28642::first*
Andrew28642::I'm sorry but the nets will not miss the playoffs...its not that i think they are amazing or anything but the eastern conference is too weak for them not to make it.   A firsts round exit is probably as far as they will go though
gigispeed1332::Its all about matchups... kind of a silly statement...
XvarriorX::or they played differently...the are a relatively new team with 10 new players
Loyal Sports Fan::What the hell was that Magic? I know you guys aren't that good but damn, at least show up!
Mets2410::sweet win nets
ChrisSinatra::What a spanking
Chargers_4_Sale::Everyone! A moment silence. I appreciate if the board was clear for 5 mins.
THAT WAS SO TOMMY OF ME::this was a two point game at the start of the second quarter..........
Humpty-Wumpter::328 post and the game is over....that is the stat line of the night
Starling Marte is a boss::well this did not tell me a whole lot about the Nets, they were never really challenged tonight
Chargers_4_Sale::Thunder taking a step back without Harden is nothing compare the Magics.
thekola::as a nets fan i feel bad for the magic. thought the nets were offering too much for D12. dont know why they didnt take it. now theyre screwed for a really long time. one top player from the draft isnt gonna make this team any good. gonna take YEARSSS.
trustdestruction::If the Magic had taken the Nets offer they would be stuck with an overpaid center for a long time and it would be hard to have any flexibility while rebuilding.  This way the Magic have young talent and short contracts to shop the free agent market with should there come a good opportunity.
DanMar1324::lopez is 24 years old and he will still be better than them in 4 years
trizzo23::they got better deal ...nets offer was bad..lets see if brooks or lopez even as good as nik vuc and harkless in 3 years..1 year lopez  $ is mor than 4 years vuc and harklees .if lopez last that long...
SPGCPA::better deal...simply hilarious.....Nik Vuc is a journeyman at best and Harkless will never be much.....you could have had a building block...
Porkchop8920::the Magic got completely screwed by the trade they made
clonez456::I-4 Traffic&gt;Magic. Lol
THAT WAS SO TOMMY OF ME::at least Magic fans can see D-12.......oh wait
