timyeung::Rockets looking to break the 3 pt record!
timyeung::Go ROCKETS!
fred3857::Durant&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Harden Westbrook&gt;&gt;Lin Ibaka&gt;&gt;&gt;Morris selfisosa&gt;&gt;Parsons Perkins&lt;=Asiks Martin&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Douglus Collison&gt;&gt;Smith else&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;garbages Aldrich/Motie  How can anyone expect Rox win over Thunder. Only chance to win is playing Lin's PG system and everybody have a nice play with miracle.
AlphaBeta123::next two games should be winnable games for the Rockets to get back to 4 games over .500.  Hawks and Hornets.  Maybe even the next 4 including Bucks and Cavs.  Great chances to win on the road.
EuropeDude1981::hawks have only 3 more losses than OKC though. That's a winnable but dangerous one for houston
Phatepiclewts::Houston should beat the Hawks at home. Their record is deceptive because they earned it in the East with a relatively easy schedule.
Dezagcoog::yeah we just had a tough stretch of games. BUT we did GREAT in it. only faltered near the end in a second back to back off one days rest from another back to back, and it happened to be against the Spurs and OKC. So I'm in no way worried. They're still growing and with this easy stretch of games coming we're gonna get ourselves a nice string of wins solidifying us for a while at least in the top 8. These games will also give our guys a bit more time to get the game plan set and gel together. Of course the season isn't even halfway over so we'll see what happens.
BBandFB60::If lin not used properly, maybe trade him for a SG, then harden will be the PG...
fred3857::Coach don't want to win as he use Harden as a terrible PG and the game already over when Lin plays like a stand-up shooter.
Dawan208::Rockets will still hold onto 6th place and they should be able to win the next couple of games easily.   Plaiying 4 games in 5 days gave their opponents an advantage !
lance_baldwin_lbst::Can't believe Rocket's fans booed Martin. You guys have zero class!!! I cheered my $@% off when harden was called out his first game in okc, along with everyone else. I have no respect for Rocket fans now.
fred3857::Rox take OKC'S 6th man Harden as jersey be #1,still 6th man now in OKC Martin is a former Rox  #1 ,so no chance to get a win over OKC.
Matthew Borba::At least he hit five 3's, that was awesome. Harden sure looked like he missed being in OKC when he was on the bench in the 4th.
1ooclickTx::bro we dgaf
NguyenDragon::Martin was acting like a little girl when his name was mentioned in trades... The guy got his feelings hurt and stopped playing...
Boyanime011::Westbrook&gt;Lin
rEdBuLxTaSy::WITH LESS THAN 60 STARTING GAMES ONLY, LIN IS ONLY GONA IMPROVE DOWN THE STRETCH.  IT'S SO RIDICULOUS HOW ALL THE BIASED HATERS ARE EXPECTING HIM TO BE SUPERMAN OUT OF THE GATE.  ESPECIALLY ON A YOUNG TEAM REBUILDING IN THEIR FIRST YEAR TOGETHER AND IS PLAYOFF CONTENDER ALREADY.  I SAY NOT BAD AT ALL  :):):)
Matthew Borba::Lin worshipping? I forgot Lin was even playing when I was watching the game. Only when the announcers mentioned how little he was doing did I realize he was in the game. Guy isn't very good.
Dezagcoog::dude relax, he's going to say that about any opposing team point guard. Another example of extreme lin worshipping. It's called trash talking dude.
nba is the worst::Westbrick's 50% shooting last night got him back over 40%, but he's still 2nd only to Kobe in bricks per game at 11.07
lance_baldwin_lbst::All Kobe does is lead the league in scoring. Don't be jealous of Westbrook because he is the most athletic player in the league.
AlphaBeta123::hahahahaha
jeff050578::Vote David Lee an All Star. Its the right thing to do.
FromCantonese::hi,i am a lin fas in china.
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::Rockets are gonna get Royce White back off D-league and that PF psition will be solidified then.  Royce White is the missing man not JEremy LAMb!
NguyenDragon::I don't think that PO.S will ever step on the court for the Rockets...
joest2003::Jeremy Lamb&gt;Jeremy Lin, Rockets really $@%!$@ up letting him go
Rockets BEAT Los Angles Lakers::We can always get him back..Harden is not going anywhere though Harden is locked up in dat $@% for YEARS at 23 years only!! :)  Rockets gonna win plenty of games thanks to the Harden mistake which OKC won't see until the Finals when either Durant or Westbrook or both go cold!!
Dezagcoog::jeff050578 - Hopefully for OKC Durant and Westbrook dont go as cold as Harden did in last years finals.  yeah cause then they won't have only lost their backup already, they'll lose their starters and get swept in the first round not just the finals....ouch
jeff050578::Hopefully for OKC Durant and Westbrook dont go as cold as Harden did in last years finals.
lbenzcaptain::Spurs then Thunder on a back to back. That was a tall task.
NguyenDragon::Rockets not there yet...
Kozinski77::Rockets will never beat elite teams like Spurs and Oklahoma with Harden one dimensional offense.  They wont go far in the playoffs. NO ball movements. sharing the ball to create an open man, they will go no where.
dhnguyen99::Just for 1month old for rebuild Rocket team. What are you expect for? 1 year later, Rocket will different for sure. Are you agree?
mbarcl::I dont know where you live but never heard any thunder fan talk about sitting one of the best point guards in the league.
durant.4.mvp::Yet Rockets have the #1 offense in the league. Scoring points isn't their problem. Typical moron Lin fan.
lbenzcaptain::Harden is averaging close to five assist and two steals per game with his points. And he is known to get others involved.  ( That's why Thunder fans wanted him to start over Westbrook.) Not really one to call people idiots.  But if I did. You would be my #1 pick.
Aron3411::Thunder fans didnt want him to start over westbrook. Wtf
Dawan208::There's no reason why the rockets can't win the next 6 games - its against easy teams.   Houston should still stay at 6 th place or 5 th place in the west!!!!!!
BoboBear2222::Can anyone tell me why  Asik only had 21 mins of playing and Lin only got 24? Did they play that bad? The state show that Asik got 8 Reb and Lin got 7 Assist but 4 TO though.
durant.4.mvp::Lin  was getting torched on defense by KMart and Russ.
Kozinski77::Right now, Harden is playing the role of PG and scoring at the same time. Where does that leave LIN?  Lin is left in the corner to be a spot up shooter. But Lin's shooting is off right now, so he has to penetrate and score his confidence back, but Harden is doing all the ball handling and scoring.  And the dumb coaching staff instead of trying to fix this SG/PG problem, think LIn is off and not scoring much and benches him instead.   The coaching staff is stupid. They better emphasize on more ball sharing around their PG. Let LIn handle the ball and pass to Harden for scoring. keep passing from LIN to Harden, Harden to Parson, Parsons to LIn. Back and forth ball movements.  And right now, Rockets have no ball movements to spread the defense and find and open man.   That is why they get crushed by teams like Spurs and Oklahoma.
Dezagcoog::He can actually decide to drive when he gets the ball. That's not the fault of the coach...fyi
Dawan208::I think it was foul and TOs trouble?
...cat123::Lin  &gt;  Harden
SMS4Hou::Right....  NOT!
Blueskymagik::Oh Dear.
bwp2bruce::Harden never passes the ball to Lin, but expects Lin to pass to him.
fred3857::When Lin play PG,they get close to 50:52(should be 52:52 for umpire fault),but then get lost when Harden again play iso and nobody can get the ball except the opponent--lose ball errors.
SMS4Hou::I was at that game... I wouldn't have passed to Lin either, he was off all night from outside 15 ft.  Needs to drive and kick it out.
Dezagcoog::it's called being a pg. You pass the ball out. Shooting guards(which is what harden is btw) shoot after they get the ball. lol
BKNetsFresh::joe johnson &gt; duuhant,  fuce u haytahs.
ChilamBilam12::off note before i leave.. all of the complaints about McHale tonight has made me realize how under appreciated Scott Brooks truly is.  He absolutely has the talent to overshadow some of his short comings, but he is a excellent coach and has a fantastic touch for developing young talent and team chemistry.. without him guys like Martin would never be able to contribute as soon or as efficiently as they have.. Brooks deserves a lot more media credit then he receives nationally, especially for a guy that took a 24 win team to the playoffs in a single season and to an NBA finals in 3
Dezagcoog::also it's Lin lovers who are complaining because Lin isn't being treated like Kobe Bryant...
Kozinski77::You ever watch the TV???? LIn is not getting the pass from his team mates for some reason and a lot of times is left out in the corner.   Rockets need to keep passing to LIn, Lin to Harden, Harden to Parsons, Parsons back to LIn and keep moving the ball around. And i dont see that righ tnow.  LIn's shooting is off rightn now, So let him penetrate with speed and keep moving the ball around. But it's not happening.
AlphaBeta123::I would love a coach like Brooks or even Pop, greatest coach ever.
durant.4.mvp::Cowboys over Redskins tomorrow for the NFC East!!
catchingfire_21::Sanchez &gt; Romo
SMS4Hou::Well that's going a bit far.
palsy360::No way. Romo chokes again
ChilamBilam12::goodnight fans.. Houston will have their time in the season's to come and they have the pieces, if they keep them together, to develop some sick chemistry.. but for now my Thunder are a notch above almost any team gracing the court, and additions like K-Mart are being incorporated beautifully.. some of that is coaching, but much of it is the time and chemistry developed by the rest of OKC's core.. keep your heads up Rocket fans, Harden is a great player and great kid and so is Lin from what i can see, they will get their moment to shine
AlphaBeta123::Yea.  Thunder are too good right now.  I like the loads of potential that the Rockets have though.  Night.
KiD.Clutch.35::Derp.
AlphaBeta123::herp.
KiD.Clutch.35::Lin is an average PG.  I believe Harden is a player you can build around.  Good skill set.     Rocket fans just need to chill and give this team a season or 2 to gel.  Develop chemistry and learn their respective roles.  OKC is a contender and Houston isn't there yet.  One echelon below OKC.
pistol111847::The team will never go anywhere with the coach playing a journeyman at crunch time over his starting PG. Mark my words - McHale or Lin has to go. If it's Lin the Rockets are probably screwed.
Dezagcoog::I believe the guy only has one more season on his contract and they have a guy waiting. The ex-coach of the vipers who's now an asst coach on the rox. He's gonna take over when McHale's contract is up.
AlphaBeta123::Mchale has to go for the team to improve.  If Lin is the one to go, he'll never succeed unless it's a PG centered offense.  Something this team has gone away from.  I think any decent PG can do what he's doing right now...especially since he doesn't have that much responsibility on his shoulders and Harden is Harden.  They are stuck with Mchale though, firing a guy after losing his daughter is just cruel.  Plus they all have great relationships.  At the rate this is going I foresee a Lin trade in 2 years.  Hope I'm wrong, think they can build something special with Harden, Lin and Parsons.
AlphaBeta123::actually, his career numbers indicate he's above average. Per 36 minutes he averages 15 and 7.  No more, no less.  Agreed about the team.  Rockets will be one to watch next year and especially the year after.  If Morey leaves the team alone and doesn't shuffle people in and out of the roster that is.
Dezagcoog::OH good! I thought that when you said 15 and 7 you actually meant 16 and 6, but since you cleared it up by saying "no more, no less" I know it is what you actually said. lol jk
AlphaBeta123::I can understand Mcfail's decision to sit players who are struggling or haven't contributed much....but his constant shuffling is destroying any chance of rhythm for anyone.  He's terrible when it comes to switching guys.  Pulls the plug on Asik and Lin very quickly and keeps Harden and Parsons (especially Parsons) in even when they're not being efficient.  He's got to be smarter.  One last note, Douglas is supposed to be the "defensive specialist" but I have not been impressed.  If his D was leaps and bounds better than Lin's, I'd understand the move to bench Lin.  But it's not.....
NewAges::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oR5gvdH67Gc
fred3857::Lin physical strength is weak for back-to-back game and bad 3's when play like a SG i/o his efficency PG.
pistol111847::Probably  will mean Lin will play even less...
AlphaBeta123::don't care as long as actual contributions are being made by beverly....
pistol111847::Well he has been averaging around 18 a game during their 5 game win streak and agaimst the Spurs when he had 21. You really can't expect your PG to score more than that. Of course when you get yanked and play a lot less than your backup you'll probably score around 7 points even though you've got 6 assists by halftime. LOL.
AlphaBeta123::yea, what a mcfail.  I wouldn't say anything if Douglas was an elite defender....but if Lin is around a 75 defender, Douglas is like a 78 defender.  NOT IMPRESSED.  Get that guy outta here.  Read that Beverly is with the organization now.  Hope that means Douglas is gone.
pistol111847::Yeah he can score when he wants to - I've been watching the games. He just dropped 21 on the Spurs although he played 8 minutes less than Parsons who had 24. The point is his role is to set up his team mates first. Did you ever watch CP3 play? He could probably average 30 a night if he wanted to. I noticed Lin is playing as a combo guard and I also noticed that Parsons, Delfino and Harden handle the ball too much and hence a lot of turnovers. Coach should tell the players to give the ball to Lin and let him run the offense. Kinda like all the other teams in the NBA do.
AlphaBeta123::lol I agree with you but he has to score at times as well since the more guys who can score, more guys you have to cover/unpredictability factor for the opposing defense.  Harden is already doubled quite often and it'll be a certainty once they notice Lin isn't shooting as much.  The fact is, Lin shooting allows others to shoot more as well.
pistol111847::Again too much emphasis on his scoring. Scoring is primarily for Harden, Parsons, Morris, etc. Remember Lin is a PG. Sure scoring helps and guess what - Lin can score when he needs to - remember the Spurs game?
AlphaBeta123::if you haven't noticed, it's the coaches brilliant strategy to make him a SG/PG hybrid for some reason.  He hasn't been the primary ball handler since the Harden trade.  I hope you see that.
AlphaBeta123::what are you talking about?  All the great PG's can score when they want to.  Why is he different?  He's a legit threat on scoring so it's foolish to waste that.  Let him score when he has the high percentage shot, otherwise he passes the ball.....which he does quite often might I add.
pistol111847::Lin needs to work on his shot - it's just that simple. Just like Magic, Kidd, Parker, Rondo, etc. However he is still an effective point guard without a good 3 point shot and his shooting PCT. is now up to about 43%. Not great but he's been shooting close to 50% for the last 6 or 7 games. However way too much emphasis is being placed on his shooting like he's a SG instead of a PG. This shows a lot of ignorance about basketball.
AlphaBeta123::yea he doesn't do well on the end of a back to back.  I saw this game from him coming a mile away.
durant.4.mvp::Alpha, I agree with you mostly, that is where he does well usually, but tonight when he tried to go at the rim he got his s.hit swatted every time.
AlphaBeta123::he should quit the 3 altogether imo.  He's best attacking the rim and he makes a high percentage of those (plus gets some foul calls)...forcing him to shoot 3's does nothing for the team and hurts his confidence.
durant.4.mvp::What that guy said was mostly nonsense. Russ and KMart didn't go at Lin for personal reasons. They did it because he's an inferior player. smh.
durant.4.mvp::Ha! I just say that because they were also screening him off with KD and giving the ball right back to KD for the mismatch against Lin as well.  It was the whole team.
NewAges::is that u Russ or KMart?
ChilamBilam12::typically the better passer a pg is the more and better shooting opportunities he will create for himself.. if a defense is forced to spread the floor to cover the open passing lanes for a solid pg, it allows much more room for him to create his own offense.. key example being what Russel Westbrook has done this season.. by increasing his assists and making more passes, it is actually increasing his own offensive efficiency because teams can't afford to double him like they used to in the lane.. Lin will learn these things and grow as he gets used to the pieces around him
NewAges::Agreed...
pistol111847::Agreed that Jeremy is having trouble with his 3 point shot. However this is something that can be worked on and improved like JKidd, Parker, Magic, Rondo, etc, did. Many point guards had shooting problems early in their careers because they focused on passing not shooting. The qualities that he has however that can't be taught are court vision, unselfishness, quickness, ability to penetrate into the paint are all qualities that will cause him to become an outstanding point guard. I'm not saying he will be elite like some others like CP2, Rondo, DWill, etc. but he will be very good. Unfortunately his current coach is blind to his possibilities which will only hurt the team. To play a journeyman PG in his place in crunch time is just extremely poor coaching and he should be fired for this.
NewAges::Give him time to develop
NewAges::Pistol....this is for you
dar1229::Looks like Martin played the Harden role great tonight.
fred3857::Rox bad deal to change K-Martin into Harden as shooting p/c become weak and Lin's system disappeared. No more Linsanity except when Harden out of game for injury.
ChilamBilam12::i was one of the many who never thought that Martin could fill in the massive hole that Harden was going to leave in the bench unit.. not only has he filled it in, but he has added a much better perimeter threat, and a catch a shoot guy that doesn't pull opportunities away from Russ and KD.. i love what K-Mart has brought to the team, and with the draft picks we picked up as a guarantee in the deal, the Thunder are going to come out way on top
DaveOK69::Harden is a really good player, but I love what Martin has brought to this team.
catchingfire_21::Luke was raised by asian parents that beat him everyday
Celts_Mavs_Red Sox::The Rockets looked exhausted from last night's game vs the Spurs
tungcn2010::danggit, top to bottom, rockets suck tonight. Shattered my hopes of Rockets winning a championship this year.
pistol111847::Not with McHale - zero chance.
NewAges::never know...they still have chances
pistol111847::The Rockets beat OKC in pre-season without Harden. They took the Spurs to OT without Harden or Kmart and probably would have won the game in regulation except McHale pulled Lin out for 4 minutes in the 4th quarter with a 9 point lead and Lin having 34 points. Tonight they pulled Lin and and a small lead balooned to 18 in 2 minutes at halftime. So yes they can beat elite teams RIGHT NOW. They just need somne decent coaching.
fred3857::There are some strange phenomenon:1,When game get close 50:52 and umpire steal Lin's 2 points dribble and neglect torched Lin twice by Martin and Collison.2,Coach benched Lin when he played well.3,Lin played well like a real PG,but Harden soon take control the ball handler.4,Aldrich played like a fool jokker for more than 8mins with 0 points 0 RB 0ASS 4TO 3PF.
palsy360::Try mike brown or avery johnson
pistol111847::I'm sure he does. Problem is his bias interferes with his objectivity. Even non-professionals like me can see it when he pulls his starting PG for a journeyman even when his starter is playing well. I can give you facts to prove this but my guess is that you won't be convinced by facts.
durant.4.mvp::Dave, judging by the blind loyalty and  flimsy logic to what qualifies as "the facts," I'm guessing Pistol likes Jeremy Lin because he's a vocal Christian.
DaveOK69::Why are you a Jeremy Lin fan? Because of his race? Most people who scream racial bias are the real racists.
pistol111847::Ok dude forget the pre-season game. What about the Spure regular season game when Lin scored 38 but McHale benched him in the 4th? Of course he needed a rest but you don't bench your hot player for 4 minutes + 1 minute timeout = 5 minutes when you have a lead against the Spurs.
durant.4.mvp::Well, DaveOK69. According to this nitwit Jeremy Lin fan, it's because McHale doesn't know to execute the offense through Lin. Yet meanwhile, the Rockets are #1 in the league in offense. Get it? Me neither.  Never mind that they don't play defense and Jeremy Lin definitely CAN'T defend.
DaveOK69::Why second guess McHale's coaching decisions? He knows more about the game than you or me.
ChilamBilam12::as a Thunder fan and from a completely non-biased perspective i see the Rockets playing at near or above the level i had envisioned given all of the new pieces they are trying to incorporate.. they are an extremely young team and playing with what? 6 new weapons on the floor that have had about 30 games of floor time together.. there is a chemistry factor that takes time to develop and players that still haven't learned their place on the floor.. they will be a solid team next season and even later into this year, but they need work
DaveOK69::Are you aware that Lazar Haywood, DeAndre Liggins, and Cole Aldrich played more minutes than KD, Westbrook, and Harden In that pre-season game?
pistol111847::Yo sarcastic moron - you are conveniently ignoring a regular season game against the Spurs. Remember when JLin dropped 38 against the Spurs?? Remember how McHale benched him as he has all season in the 4th Q and OT? You can't handle the truth. I realize pre-season is not the best test of a team but you are showing your true colors by ignoring the regular season.
durant.4.mvp::I'm glad he had that good game. He needs to bring up his averages.
NewAges::Rocket is doing great for their first year for a rebuilding team. No one expect them to be in playoff this season
NewAges::Are you kidding? compare preseason games?
durant.4.mvp::Lin 4 Preseason MVP!!!!!!
JonnyBravoSD::NBA finals Clippers vs. Heat. Clippers in 6!!!
ChilamBilam12::have the Clipper fans already forgotten the $@% kicking they received in OKC last time they started making predictions like this?.. that wasn't but a month ago, and the Thunder haven't lost a step since.. Clippers are gone in 5 when they find the Thunder staring them down in the playoffs
pistol111847::The Rockets were 5-2 in pre-season and beat OKC. Had good chemistry going and shared the ball. Coaches need to empahsize ball movement and let JLIn run the offense as PG. If they do this they will succeed. Otherwise they will fail - doesn't look promising.
NewAges::Lin plays fast pace games to be effective, but the Rockets can't do that 4 games in 5 days.
tungcn2010::With Kevin McHale as a coach? U do realize that McHale played with Byrd? McHale's trying to teach Asik how to throw the ball out to Harden, Lin, and Parsons.
Utu80::Rockets can't beat the best teams in the West. Not this year. They just don't have the experience and don;t play well as a team.
LuketheApprentice::Lin can shoot 3 air balls all day long , that's why coach bench him all the time . Lol
NewAges::Yeah...but if they double team Lin. It will stop the ball movement
tungcn2010::it just sucks that we cant make it to the nba finals this year.
skj21ccc::Who would fit in wth the Rockets to bring them up to higher level?
skj21ccc::Tyson Chandler would be great... and... Toney Allen??
DaveOK69::If they get a reliable back-up for Asik, consistancy from Morris, and continued improvement from Parsons, Lin, and Harden, they could really make some noise in the West.
NewAges::Rockets need 3-point specialists, many as they can. They can use Lin or Harden to attack the basket, then dish out to 3-point shooters
tungcn2010::How bout Tyson Chandler, Lebron James and Dwight Howard.
tungcn2010::And Andre Iggy.
pistol111847::Kevin Martin trade for James Harden
skj21ccc::I think a defensive specialist would help... because they have enough fire power to score!!
tungcn2010::Harden for MVP!!!
Bigdaddy5233::Dude harden wont even finish in the top five for MVP voting. Durant lebron or melo gets it write it down
Utu80::I don't think so. Did you see him play tonight?
DaveOK69::Is it just me, or is the Bobcats' home court hard on the eyes?
tungcn2010::I thought were the rockets
Utu80::The troll Luke/Joe the Apprentice is actually Asian. : )
LuketheApprentice::White power !!!!!!
LuketheApprentice::No I am not Asian ! I am white , you are Asian . You are small Disk Asian.
Utu80::Lame.
pistol111847::LOL. I think you're right!!!
rainmaker2007::I'm glad they beat Harden. It's like saying " That's right. we let you go so we could have better team."
Dawan208::I'm out.  Bye y'all !
NewAges::Rockets played 4 games in 5 days?
skj21ccc::in the West
skj21ccc::if Lin's game is trash, then 80% of NBA player's game is trash... I would favor durant for MVP but ur assessment of Lin is unfair...  Rockets are #6 seed at least... guaranteed!!
durant.4.mvp::I'm slightly exaggerating about Lin's talent overall, but I do think he's not good enough to lead a team to anything beyond the first round of the playoffs and I think they might not get that far. 50% chance to make the playoffs at best.
pistol111847::durant.4.mvp thinks CP3 game is trash. I rest my case that durant.4.mvp is an idiot and should be ignored.
durant.4.mvp::I was talking about Lin.
NewAges::Rockets need another star to compete in Western conference
pistol111847::durnat.4.mvp is being realistic about the Rockets?? Get serious. Actually I don't give a sh** what u think as I hate the Rocketrs also. I like Lin but he is being repressed by an idiot coach so I'll just follow my 2nd favorite player - CP3. Any trash to say about him baxketball expert???
NewAges::are you compare Lin, who has less than 100 games experience, to the finals contender player?
durant.4.mvp::No, his game is trash enough to speak for itself.
NewAges::Lin needs to improve his jump shot and 3point shot, then he will be ok
NewAges::Yeah but it help him to be more effective. Beside, biased is everywhere. Lin need to be better than anyone else before he get respected.
pistol111847::You know nothing about basketball. Rondo had a worse shot than Lin for years and was considered an elite PG. You and many others confuse a PG with a SG. God what ignorance!
NewAges::2-2 is not bad for 2 back2back games
pistol111847::I speak the truth - I speak the facts. Some people can't handle the truth.
durant.4.mvp::McHale is personally and/or professionally biased against Lin is a fact? HMMM.. sounds suspiciously like an unfounded opinion to me!
pistol111847::Mr. durant.4.mvp has spoken. Totally unbiased of course.
durant.4.mvp::Just being realistic. With what they have, they're an 8 seed in the postseason at best. They simply don't have the players to compete with the better teams. They're doing well to have a winning record. McHale is doing a good job. Coming from someone who hated him as a player.
DaveOK69::And you're not biased in any way?
pistol111847::Hey they're 24 years old - no excuse. The players are not the problem. The problem is their hall of fame (player) coach who is a biased human being.
durant.4.mvp::No, it's having Eastern Conference caliber talent  in the Western Conference. Coaching is not going to solve what problems they have.
rainmaker2007::Are the Thunder that much better than the Knicks? The Knicks could not solve the Rockets.  Or maybe the "any given day theory" was at work in this game.
Aron3411::Yeah I dont think clippers can beat the thunder
ChilamBilam12::Clippers already saw what the Thunder can and will do to them when they run into each other come post season.. OKC wiped the court with them back in November when LA was running like a 7 game winning streak
pistol111847::Exactly. he Knicks will self- destruct when the going gets tough. Did you see the Knicks vs Rockets games?
skj21ccc::OKC vs Miami Final... for few years from now...
SMS4Hou::Tia will be a very good series, if it gets there.  Still worried about the grizzlies, the matchup is not good with OKC.
JonnyBravoSD::Have you not seen the Clippers this season? OKC was a one and done participant in the finals!!
Utu80::OKC is a championship caliber team. Knicks will be lucky to win a couple games in the playoffs.
pistol111847::The Thunder are about a million times better than the Knicks.
nbafan411::I pay money to watch TD play. -No one
pistol111847::LOL. Almost as entertaining as Harden ISO. Or Melo ISO. LOL. NBA can suck at times. Spurs are entertaining though - all the time.
Dawan208::Everyone on this board ignore Lukethe apprentice he's a kkk clan member !!!   He admitted it!!!!
Utu80::Ignore this troll.
skj21ccc::"I arent no thug?" is that 4 yr old english?
LuketheApprentice::Utu80 - LuketheApprentice - Even If you can speak prefect English , you still not fuxking white aright ?  Stupid Asian trying to be smart .  You haven't heard? Whiteys are the stupid ones. Asians are smart.  Got you again, stupid  Really? Then how come you are so stupid ? Lol
Utu80::LuketheApprentice - Even If you can speak prefect English , you still not fuxking white aright ?  Stupid Asian trying to be smart .  You haven't heard? Whiteys are the stupid ones. Asians are smart.  Got you again, stupid.
LuketheApprentice::Even If you can speak prefect English , you still not fuxking white aright ?  Stupid Asian trying to be smart .
LuketheApprentice::I arent no thug !  I just hate you Asian piece of shhit comin to my country and steal all the $@%!$@% jobs , and lucky our women don't like yellow meat . Why can't you stay in yor own fuxking countries ?????
Utu80::Lol, you can't , coz we are going to stop you, we gonna shoot you before you reach our border. Or we gonna nuke you piece of $@%! like we did in ww2, yes that's right baby. Fuxking $@%!.  We're here already, stupit. And the country is ours, we control the nukes. We will send trash like you back where you came from.  See I told you, you're lame. I have a come back for everyone of your typical posts. I hope your dik is about to fall off. hahaha
LuketheApprentice::Utu80 - Yeah we steal your jobs. We're taking over this country and making it ours. What you gonna do about?  Lol, you can't , coz we are going to stop you, we gonna shoot you before you reach our border. Or we gonna nuke you piece of $@%! like we did in ww2, yes that's right baby. Fuxking $@%!.
Utu80::Yeah we steal your jobs. We're taking over this country and making it ours. What you gonna do about?
curtezanthony::thats right, you nazis hate being confused with kkk. i would say you sir are a p.o.s. but thats common knowledge. were you gang raped by a bunch of asian men lucas? such disdain. im hurt by your words lol. life must be tough talkin $@%! from the internet. you are right sir, you're not kkk, just a common cyber thug.
Utu80::Luke you need to be deported up your ars. See that, Luke? Now that's funny. You continue to be lame and impress only your self. I told you to go choke your dik until it falls off. Now go ahead into your little corner of the world and don't show ur self until you're not a loser anymore. OK? good boy.
LuketheApprentice::Fuxking off , you aren't no niggoer, you have Asian name, told you I am not KKK.
curtezanthony::whats up with thailand? bad experience with a post op tranny puke?. it happens man, not to most people, but nevertheless it happens. keep your spirits up
Utu80::LuketheApprentice - Lol, I would paid to fuxk a tranny if I had chance.  Asian men  are all look like tranny anyway.  Pastey whiteys like you fear Asian men. C'mon admit it. It's probably all the white bread you been eating. (Now that's funny.)
curtezanthony::LuketheApprentice - Lol, I would paid to fuxk a tranny if I had chance. Asian men are all look like tranny anyway.  you're friggin hilarious. i hope everybody takes your words to heart. i cant stop laughing. that was actually funny. good job
LuketheApprentice::Lol, I would paid to fuxk a tranny if I had chance.  Asian men  are all look like tranny anyway.
skj21ccc::south american?? north american?? where is thailand btw... do you even know?
LuketheApprentice::DAwan you piece of shiit , I am not KKK, I am American, you are not ! You are from Thailand , you should be deported back to wherever the fukcing cave you came from.
Backdoor Slammaz::uh..  most, if not all kkk members are american, genius.
Dawan208::I am a african American. You don't represent Americans you represent hate like the kkk. You are no better!!!
skj21ccc::Teams that are all business:  OKC Spurs  Most talented?   Miami
skj21ccc::Yes... but they need one more impact player to be a contender... for sure... unless their core players could develop further....
Bigdaddyosu04::Well its less than 30 games into the season with two new stars trying to work together. We'll see as the season goes along but they shouldnt be expected to be a contender the first year
skj21ccc::True!! don't know how rockets will do against them though... they are usually weak against all business teams... probably the same fate...
Bigdaddyosu04::Im not a clippers fan but they seem to be all business too with 16 straight wins
Utu80::It's so funny all the whitey's who can't play basketball worth their shiet are out spouting their their anti-Asian racism because an Asian brother is doing well in the NBA and has millions of fans. Get used to it or shut up.
LuketheApprentice::Doing well ? Shootting air balls? Are you fuxking blind ??
pistol111847::Fu** the Rocketsand Fu** the Knicks! I'm following the Nuggets now. At least Karl is a real man!!!!
Marvo6564::this is impressive but the bigger question is when will the thunder be able to beat miami? until they do that they suck a s s
OUALUM89::It's true that the Heat are in our heads right now.  What we need is two or three W's over them to get the psychological monkey off our backs.  It will be hard to do with all the imported talent Miami has acquired lately.  The Heat is the one team we don't match up all that well with, but things will vastly improve when we win some of those 4-6 point games.
KiD.Clutch.35::Impressive AND suck a.ss huh?
pistol111847::I was a Knicks fan for many years but finally got disgusted with them after they let JLin go. I went thru years of bad draft choices and trades. Examples are trading Camby for McDeyes and a first round draft choice (Nene) to Denver. Huge contracts to Isaih as GM and Marbury and Francis. Bad draft choices, bad ownership - DOLAN. I finally gave up on the Knicks and tried Houston. Now it's the poor coaching and bias against the starting PG and center. So I say F**K OFF Knicks and Houston!!! I'll start following Bocci Ball!!!
Turrible98::I drive a Dodge Stratus!
Docker2.o::You wasn't a Knick fan then. If you left because they let a overrated, over hyped player go then go riddance. From where I'm from, that's called bandwagon-ism.
