Troy Kocher::Melo goes for 40 and 10...knicks lose by 15
Xiu Yan Liang::Yup! And 12 for  32
Colin Uza::The Raptors and 76ers are going to be the top of the division and the Nets and Knicks are going to be in the basement.  Gotta love it. I am a Raps fan and will cheer for them to win the division.  But I will be happy if the 76ers win it instead, as long as the overhyped New York teams continue to get curb stomped hahahahahahahahahahahaha
Luc Whissell::OMG, you shouldn't be so excited for a 6-7 team LMAO!!!!
Colin Uza::I am more excited than the lowly Knicks and Nets fans, I will tell you that LOL.  As long as the Raps coaches continue to take the ball away from Rudy Gay's hands they will continue to improve.  If the Raps are still in it by March they will win the division, as their schedule gets ridiculously easy. Mark my words.
Jazmine Ortiz::knicks and nets-funniest rivalry ever
Greg G. Munarb::Gosh, Knicks fans are quiet tonight.  Look on the bright side, you are competing.  On the not so bright side, you are competing with Brooklyn for title of worst team in New York...and the East.
Colin Uza::Ladies and gentleman, your Atlantic division champions...the Toronto Raptors!  hahahahahahahahahahahahaha  GO RAPS!!!!
Erick Gonzalez::Insert Tim Hardaway Jr into the starting 2,  Can't be any worst than Shump or smith. both look horrible thus far
Lester Avellan::The Knicks are pretenders can even beat the Wizz. If they keep this up they can kiss the playoff good bye.
Nashon Notyourtypicalsmith::Nets and Knicks all that talk before the season...yeah, they're in a battle for New Yuck!
Scott Carter::Wiz may have the most underrated backcourt in the league. Wall and Beal are putting up some monstrous numbers. Too bad its not translating to more wins.
James J. Johnson Jr.::LOL! One of the ESPN polls asked if the Knicks would make the playoffs and the majority of the country said yes..
Scott Baker::The only sure thing is that one of the NY teams are going to win soon! When they play each other.
Spidey Pete::Possibly in quadruple OT
KaLoyan ILiev::NY has to get O.ASIK its exactly what they need and he is available !!!
Margo McDougald::but who can they afford to lose that interest the rockets?
Bredy Charles::Rockets better not trade for knick trash….
Spidey Pete::I knw who will trade with the Knicks ... the Nets, like the entire team.
Jody George Prats::lol..........Knicks
Huang Steven::Here's an idea: trade Woodson for Kidd.
James Davie::lol @Knicks
Cedric Chin::For years the Knicks have not been able to defend the pick & roll. It's ridiculous. Open looks all day for Beal & Wall. On offense, they have no guard to penetrate & distribute or finish. Wizards were in the penalty with 10 minutes left! NY did not take advantage by driving to the hoop.
Flip Tide::LOL:   you so right, nothing to add.  ...except: Woodson needs to consider zone defense?
Tony Wilcox::And the knicks fans all thought they had a chance to win it all this year. Or even think they could be as good or better then the pacers. Funny is the other team in NY thought the exact same thing.   Will either team even get to .500?
Flip Tide::BREAKING NEWS, The Good and the Bad  First, the good : Knicks and Nets both reach 500  Now the bad: $500 for a nosebleed ticket and parking
Aaron Cohen::Where are all of the Knicks fans from last year who guaranteed this year would be their year? The same goes for Nets fans. Both teams were hyped by the media and now both teams are fighting to be the worst team in NYC. I love it.
Julian Hinnant::If wall can continue to stay consistent, this will be the year that catapults him in to the upper echelon of PG's in the league. He's definitely a talent.
Scott Baker::In comparison to the Knicks all of the Wizards are a talent.
Erick Gonzalez::Bring in Patrick Ewing.. Get rid of this Tone Loc impersonator…. Woodson is a horrible coach..   Team concept and defense is a joke with this team.
Spidey Pete::Locked in a death spiral with BKN in a race to the bottom I'm sure Kidd isn't too worried bout his job either
Montana Boyxd::The only thing I'm disappointed in as a Knicks fan is that Spike Lee has another court-side season ticket ^^
James J. Johnson Jr.::This is terrible of rhe Knicks. They might as well fire Woodson to try to shake things up
Al-Jaleel Sawab::John Wall got traded by me two days ago now he wanna play like Kobe Bryant smh
Lisa Beatty::Julius Randle will look good in Nugget colors
