Vikes Nation::Go wolves pek should be an all star
Josh Schwartz::Go Sixers. Get that fifth straight win.
Quenten Oldenburg::when the wolves' bench comes to play, the opposition has no chance
Jackson Lloyd::I feel like Ronny gives this team a lot of energy!!!
Shoot Jung::6ers should win this game......but, from my analysis.....they have already "fixed" this game to break the winning streak for 6ers today.......because they did the same to Raptors.......because it is a trick that works....people will bet more money on the hottest team.....like raptors....now it's 6ers turn.....i want to bet huge on 6ers but it is obvious they will lose today....in fact they have to lose today.
Tommy Hebl::Why "should" the 76ers win? You never actually said that.
Jared Keen::You do realise to fix it like that, all the players pretty much and coaches and refs would need to be in on it? Take off the tin foil hat, if that many were involved it would leak super fast.
Shoot Jung::You haven't seen how they have been playing and how their current shape is, have you?
Billy Denino::Basketball is the easiest sport to fix games, NBA referees have been caught many times, see where the money is going and bet against the money with the books, you will win. for example 75% of money is on the 76ers tonight so 19 free throws for Twolves, 8 for Philly
Mel Francis Pacuma::the wolves are the #1 in the league in FTA so that is not a surprise. Enough with the fix game.
Billy Denino::#3 in the league *
Brenda Murphy Donoghue::Billy Denino i have the over i need 43 points in this quarter to win i am goin to get ripped
Randy Ragsdale::The Wolves are getting back in transition on defense. They just have to jump. They have to go get em'. They have to jump and contest shots.
Randy Ragsdale::No mercy tonight Wolves until the final buzzer sounds! Dallas lost yesterday Minnesota. It's time to get after it!!! #GOWOLVES
Erik Fina::man glad I picked the wolves to cover, I knew that four game win streak by the 76ers was a joke
Randy Ragsdale::We need this victory tonight Minnesota. Come on, wellllllllllllllllllllllllll HELLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MOLLY!
Randy Ragsdale::This is a good warm-up match for the Timberwolves, because you HAVE TO GET BACK IN TRANSITION AGAINST THE SUNS.
Randy Ragsdale::Good win for the Wolves. A win on Wednesday on ESPN in the nightcap will put them right back in the Playoff hunt.
Peter Knowe::defense not a word Philly knows tonight
Naib Lis::Timberwolves 109, 76ers 116.
Matthew Adam Lee::Dont quit your day job.
Randy Ragsdale::My Wolves are killin' it.
Randy Ragsdale::Sick 3 by Kevin Love.
Buck Albert::Mercy rule?
Jeffrey Reed::Go Wolves! :)
Daniel Carfora::I live in Atlantic City (not a 76ers fan, but that is the only team's market I am in) 76ers have been very good in games that they had Michael Carter Williams playing and have been competitive all year. I believe the 76ers will win this game outright and fairly easily (leading most of the game). Unless the game is fixed I see no reason 76ers don't cover the +8, especially since TWolves decide not to show up until the 2nd half in 50% of their games.
Jackson Lloyd::Watch.
Tommy Hebl::Uh, I just looked at every Timberwolves game this season. They have had a double digit deficit four times this season at the half out of 33 games. Hardly 50%, don't you think?
Drew Grundfor::at some level, high scoring games are fun...but this really just highlights how pathetic both of these teams are on defense more than anything. What a travesty...and why neither will make the playoffs.
Nate Stein::Wolves have a very good shot at the playoffs. Wolves are missing a defensive stopper in Mbahmute who makes a big difference on D. We have gone toe to toe with OKC and beaten them, and lost by a close one last night. We have also beaten teams like Portland.
Robbie Dylan D'Ademo::jeez philly paying $3.35 for the win yummm.. should at least cover the line of 6.5... so much energy they have and confidence... Minnesota be a bit down after last game and at the moment Philly's bench is more energetic and reliable than Sotas
Joseph Evans::Dear Minny,  Please have Kevin Love go 40-20 tonight so the sixers can lose and get closer to the top pick.  Sincerely,  Intelligent Sixers fan (there's very few I know)
Chad Wiggins::sixers are u guys aware that u r flaky butt trash… have a road trip like u did then come home and lay this egg… PATHETIC FLAKY BUTT TRASH
Taylor Manes::Wtf...r u talking about...
James Belandres::I don't care who wins as long as they keep it under 222, but both teams play fast and don't play defense so I'm probably screwed
Brenda Murphy Donoghue::lol im goin over
Jeffrey Hein::Wolves send down their #1 pick. Another wasted #1 pick by the Wolves.
Jesse Huber::Wasn't much out there if you ask me. It was pretty much a known fact that the Wolves simply didn't get lucky in the lottery and they weren't going to get anyone useful this year.
Steve Carman::So much for Brett Brown's "Defense".... almost as bad as D'Antoni
