ic0n2900::dwight howard should come to the wizards...for just about everyone except wall
ic0n2900::wait no way in hell orlando would ever want rashard lewis back
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Warriors...thank you for winning/losing at the current rate you are. 10th worst record in the league. The Utah Jazz will be getting your draft pick AND you guys still won't make the playoffs. lose/lose.
StudBrackman::I can't believe they booed Captain Blatche!
Vyel.::D.Williams.  Klay.  Wright.  Lee.  D.Howard.   Bye Curry and Ellis.. Make it happen
vinvin48::Will Ellis be traded? http://waiverwireblog.com/2012/03/01/nba-players-who-could-be-on-the-move/
Warriorfan2247::Well the Warriors won a game inspite of the coaching done by Mark Jackson. In the second quarter he allows a 25 point lead to be squandered down to 14 points with less then 6 minutes left before he brings Ellis back off the bench. He leaves Maguire in constanstly at the two guard position and still refuses to give Klay the start at 3. It was nice to see Klay take matters into his own hands when he did get opportunities to play. I feelthe Warriors showed there explosiveness at times tonight especially when we had Ellis,Curry,Klay,Lee, and Udoh on the court tonight. The bench played well but we can't leave Nate out there for long minutes because he is way to streaky and if makes two shots in a row you know his next one is going to be a one handed running jumpshot from the free throw line.   I don't know if Jackson just isn't happy playing with a big lead or if he really has no idea how to rotate his personnel.   Good win by the Warrior players tonight.
markbw1989::I do not like Mark Jackson at all.....better than Keith Smart, but not much better...I can't believe the Kings are going to stick with Smart another year, bunch of idiots!
naddarians::Once Rashard Lewis returns the wiz will be back to drainin threes and getting some wins
langners00::12pts 1reb 1ast and 1stl in 9 minutes? Thats a great stateline.  Warriors need Curry to stay healthy
WarriorsGO::should of had 2 assists but Dwright dropped a pass on a 2 on 1 which would of been a dunk
tbest23::Did Wall do the Dougie...
GeorgetownDCman::Ugh well gives us a better chance at getting Anthony Davis in the draft . Wall needs some help!!!
apsnyder16::post game MJ interview http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r573xDDfU44
Rguiteau1::tdawg..even Vesely?
thenextfederer93::Nick "Never saw a shot he didn't like" Young
getz104::I'm a Wizards fan!
Rguiteau1::not many Wizards fans here.
tdawg44446::John Wall is the only guy who actually cares about winning. Get rid of everyone else.
WarriorsWarrior::Good game and good luck Washington wizards fans!
SB47-Locker10::HURRAH !! WARRIORS BEAT ANOTHER D- League Team!
Agent Zero7::The Warriors couldve beaten anybody shooting the way they did.  Too bad they had they didnt have their 75 point game tonight lol
SB47-Locker10::ANYBODY ON BELOW .500 TEAMS!! LOL :) BASURA WARRIORS!!
WarriorsWarrior::120 points not bad!
NBA_refs_are_weak::offensively, they can do this ever night. lee, monta, klay, curry, rush, and even robinson can all shoot and score. as long as no one is selfish and jacking up bad shots. unfortunetly, jumpshots arent always going to fall, and you have to play D
WarriorsWarrior::I disagree theyre outside shooting team they could do it most nights because they're good but not every night!
NBA_refs_are_weak::blatche has to be a candidate for one of the most disappointing seasons of the year. I mean what is his deal. its an awful team, the minutes and shots are there for you to take, just take them. just fill out the potential hes shown the last couple of years. I dont get it. you got john wall and a green light to score, just go do it. what do you have to lose? its not like you can cost your team a playoff spot or something
Rguiteau1::..and now from out of left field what would the Wizards fans around feel about a native New Yorker who has no affection for the Knicks routing for their team.  I've been watching a bunch a Wizards games and for some strange reason, I like this bunch with a few corrections)
Drun2400::look at the plus/minus for the warriors and then look at Biedrins lol. I think I know what the problem is.
FlawlessVictoryKid5.0::But I will end with this.   On Curry now.  Curry would not be All-Star on another team...and he wouldn't necessarily start on another team to begin with. The team itself would have to be on a serious shortage of pg to let Curry start. Curry is good, but he is definitely more injury-prone..and most teams wouldn't want to risk that much on him...not knowing if he will produce for them day in and day out on a elite team. He can get away with that with the Warriors, but he wouldn't anywhere else.
langners00::What? Curry is one the best shooters in league.  Injury prone or not he is a starter in the league and could be an all-star someday
M.Bishop19::He is one of the best pure shooters in the game check your facts
Oaktown1029::I don't believe Curry would be an all-star right now either, but what he could bring to a team would be extremely valuable - the difference between winning and losing - it's not neccesarily about his numbers.
WarriorsGO::wrong. simple as that
Oaktown1029::Good Job Dubs! coming home now.
todogg 100::wizards NEED to make a trade options here http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
Ross0622::KLAY THOMPSON!!!!!!!
Soul Sector JF::Wizards are a pretty good team.
naes666::Wiz need a miracle to win this one.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::for me to poop on
FlawlessVictoryKid5.0::Considering I said nothing about the Lakers...Curry would be a good pg off the bench...not starting. He is too injury-prone...it would be dumb to go all in with him..knowing how fragile he is. Be realistic.
grgry_carradine::Top ten point guard in the league right now will come off the bench?
grgry_carradine::Curry off the bench??? Ha ha ha ha... Your crazy... He is not "injury prone." People act as if he misses at least 15 to 20 games a year. He is just going through some issues right now... Most good point guards do... Look at Chris Paul, Rondo, and Deron Williams games played over the past three years... Even Rose with his problems this year... Injuries happen.
FlawlessVictoryKid5.0::You don't have to watch all the games..just watch the games that matter....or should I say the teams that matter...the teams that will make it to the playoffs. It's at least a handful of them, but hey since you have a job and "other" stuff you have to do it's optional in your case.  Yeah you can, but going back what you said....you should stick to what you know...the Warriors..I would assume.
WarriorsGO::Im sure u can, but I also have a job and other things to do then sit and watch all the games of other teams.
FlawlessVictoryKid5.0::You know you can watch all the games streamed online right?
WarriorsGO::because I dont have Tv for all the other games so I stick to what I know.
FlawlessVictoryKid5.0::Neh...you just made yourself look stupid, but it's cool...I am on most of these forums to begin with. I hardly see you, but I suppose you are just say on all the Warriors chats.
WarriorsGO::sry bro this is a forum and obviously we have the right to post here. Sorry if we make u feel stupid.
grgry_carradine::Ok?
FlawlessVictoryKid5.0::An All-Star? No...but he will be good pg for another team.
WarriorsGO::not sure about this yet, but hes def a starter.
FlawlessVictoryKid5.0::*facepalm* It's a reason why re$@%!$ like you should always stay hidden.
grgry_carradine::Trade Curry to a good team, and watch him become an All Star....
WarriorsGO::once again ur dumb.
WarriorsGO::agree
FlawlessVictoryKid5.0::Trade Curry..and watch him come off the bench.
naes666::Oaktown1029 is BALLINGGGGGGGGGG
Oaktown1029::I'm the guilty party, i mentioned Curry. break it up!
WarriorsWarrior::Lol
WarriorsGO::I didnt say Curry. Someone else did and YOU replied to the Curry comment. READ YOUR OWN COMMENTS "SON".
FlawlessVictoryKid5.0::No you are the one who looks like a moron..trying to come after me..even though the dude that admitted he started this fiasco is beneath us....cool points? You don't get cool points from this stupid..lol. What a joke. And what makes you more of a clown is that you are trying to still go after me..lmao.
WarriorsGO::which means u did talk about Curry right? U didnt comment on Curry right? Do you know what u are argueing? Obviously im talking to an idiot so this will be my last reply to u. Go ahead and say some more stupid stuff after this to make yourself look more stupid, but in your mind cool.
FlawlessVictoryKid5.0::I said I WAS TALKING ABOUT JOHN WALL before CURRY got interjected into this conversation.....so it just CHANGED ..and then somebody was trying to accuse me of talking down Curry from the beginning even though I hadn't been talking about him until the CONVERSATION WAS CHANGED stupid. And then I stated my opinion. That was my point slow a.s.s.
WarriorsGO::lol.... im $@%!$@%!, but your the one who just said u never said anything about Curry and only talked about WALL, but then u come and say the conversation was switched to Curry where u replied to that post and said he would be good bench player on a deep team.
FlawlessVictoryKid5.0::You are retarded...ugh.
WarriorsGO::EXACTLY. SO the conversation was about CURRY because just like u said the conversation switched to Curry. dumb a.s.s.
FlawlessVictoryKid5.0::No..I am not wrong...if you read my comments I made mention of John Wall..and then the conversation switched to Curry..dumb a.s.s.
WarriorsGO::Why dont u read the post again? You are either blind or just a moron who cant admit when hes wrong.
FlawlessVictoryKid5.0::I WAS TALKING ABOUT JOHN WALL..and then you interjected CURRY, so then I started to talk about Curry...go back and read! Caps aren't cool son.
WarriorsGO::topic was about Curry being on a good team. U said he only good as a bench player. Learn to type if u didnt mean what u said.
FlawlessVictoryKid5.0::I was talking about John Wall this whole time..and then you came at me with Curry. Read my comments son.
pdawg1717::Klay is BALLINGGGGGGG
pdawg1717::Agreed...even in a game like this he is 3-8 with 3 turnovers...
WarriorsGO::wish he would get more playing time and I dont understand why he doesnt. D Wright been stinking it up this season.
ravenisthebest7::Flawless, Wall will get players around him. Wizards are building for the future. They'll be fine eventually.
WizSkin95::We're only in year 3, we knew this would take time. Unfourtunately you cant bulid entirely through the draft and as you said nobody would want to come here unless there were multiple peices guarenteed to come
FlawlessVictoryKid5.0::The Wizards aren't known for producing pieces...so that's too risky a chance. They haven't done it by now...it's hard to believe they will in the future. Considering a lot of players don't want to come to Washington...by choice.
IAMLEGEND_101::JOHN WALL IS BALLINGGGGGGGGGGGG
naes666::your family pet...
FlawlessVictoryKid5.0::Imagine John Wall on a good team....the dude would be one of the top stars in the league no question. All his talent wasted in Washington...smfh...it's disgusting thinking about it.
WizSkin95::Every star goes through growing pains with his first team. Imagine Lebron his first 8 years
WarriorsGO::Yea unless u get lucky like kobe and get to ride Shaq
Oaktown1029::Imagine Curry on a good team?
WarriorsGO::I think he will be alright. Hes just had bad luck. He doesnt go in the air that often and shoots set shots.
Oaktown1029::yeah, that's the problem - playing the point will wear him down faster than he already is.
WarriorsGO::He cant defend the 2 position. No way he could be sg.
Oaktown1029::I'd play him at SG (despite his size) since he can shoot better than most and his bball IQ is off the charts - If the Lakers had him, they would be very, very, tough.
WarriorsGO::your dumb. Your saying He wouldnt make the Lakers better?
FlawlessVictoryKid5.0::He would be a pg coming off the bench on a deep basketball team.
getz104::You could say the same thing about Durant his first few seasons
WarriorsGO::still cant shoot. Once he does though, he will be great.
WarriorsGO::Rondo is inconsistant. I didnt say Wall isnt good but I think Wall has the ability to be the best point gaurd in the league in a few years IF he learns to shoot.
FlawlessVictoryKid5.0::Rondo can't shoot for s.h.i.t., and look where he is at. One of the best pg in the league today.
RefS_Suck_A.S.S::WARRIORS are good at blowing leads.. jeez
WarriorsGO::Beidrins has a way of making us play terrible.
ravenisthebest7::John Wall is so good, we need to keep him a Wizard.
WarriorsGO::I hope u guys do and get a decent player to play with him. Tired of the same teams in the playoffs.
RefS_Suck_A.S.S::hold it together golden state
FlawlessVictoryKid5.0::John Wall to the Knicks!
IAMLEGEND_101::GET JOHN WALL OFF THE WIZARDS
jkatzman99::Ellis is way better than curry
pdawg1717::Easier to replace Monta with Klay...who replaces Curry? Lin? Oh wait...
WarriorsWarrior::Careful u might get shot...
WarriorsGO::How so? At attempting more shots so scoring more points?
pdawg1717::Can't compare the two IMO...
GeX.1::why is steph curry coming off the bench?
WarriorsGO::limiting his minutes.
GriffinLove13::Kevin Love vs. Blake Griffin - Who's better? Analyzing every possession in today's game: http://t.co/rYFcyzeF  + 3 for scoring on the other + 2 for each foul drawn, blocked shot, steal on the other +1 for each rebound/assist/steal/block on anyone else etc. + 1 for each point scored on anyone else +1 gaining inside position when boxing each out -1 for getting scored on by anyone else -1 for a missed shot -1 for a turnover UPDATED LIVE.
onepumpNOOB::NOBODY CARES
swishpierce::L-U-V warriors :) Y-O-U do to!
tdawg44446::Is it just me, or is John Wall the only guy who actually gives a f*ck on the Wizards?
WizSkin95::No he isn't Trevor and the rookies play hard too but the majority just cant give much effort
Oaktown1029::what are the chances he'll still be a Wizard in a couple of years?
tdawg44446::none. Get him on a contender already!
WarriorsGO::If Udoh beefs up a lil this off season and rebounds 8+ a game I would be ok with him as our starting center.
Oaktown1029::not me, they'll still be a mediocre team at best - 6'10" is tall but tall enough in the nba.
Oaktown1029::maybe, but he's got to against Bynum, Jordan, and..... - it will be tough for him. He'd be a great PF if he could learn more offensive skills.
WarriorsGO::nothing wrong with being 2 inches shorter if u can play defense like he does. Just needs to gain a few so he doesnt get pushed around.
WarriorsGO::Curry can fkin shoot.
RefS_Suck_A.S.S::GS = #1 at blowing leads
Oaktown1029::I can understand if Jackson told the Warriors to slow it down in the 2nd half (don't know why though), but I doubt the Wizards were instructed to slow it down also - geez!
Drun2400::Wow in plus/minus everyone on the warriors team is plus.....except Biedrins smh
WarriorsGO::IM glad Jackson finally realized to start Udoh. It will only help Udoh develope.
