yorklinks2::it annoys me so much when ppl say lebrons not clutch and kobe is cuz well... thats wrong  kobe shoots .300fg% in the clutch, lebron has a .400fg%  if their stats in the clutch were throughout the whole game LEBRON is way better:  LeBron: 33.2ppg, 15.1rpg, 9.3apg, .386fg%  Kobe: 36.3ppg, 7.8rpg, 6.8apg, .327fg%  check out an article about that here, proof lebron is more clutch http://bustasports.com/?p=784
Kev_010::Knicks can win as many games as they want but they can never beat the Heat!
macys672003::Yeah, boy - the Knicks are just so great when Carmelo is the only player shooting.....the black hole has struck again.
parpar2j::what the $@%! fouls call in this game.
BeastAwesome15::Lmao the Warriors suck, even with all the best players. Explain this to me?
TulipGrim::So where are all the guys saying BD &gt; Lin???  What was BD doing out there.  NY needs another PG...
catplayball2::Baron just turned 33. He is an old boy now.
___slickSixtySix___::BD forgot his inhaler at home......
lovesports3409::Clutch...D. Rose or LBJ
Nowitzki06::Lebron check clutch shots.  Lebron is underrated as a clutch player. All people remember is 2011 finals. Open your eyes though
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Neither, to be honest.  KD, Kobe, Melo, Ray Allen and others are a bit better in my opinion.
Sniper13xx::" Does Nike make beanies? I can only fit so many headbands on my five head."    -Lebron
johndoe5699::Can we just shut down the WNBA?  So the majority of the players can go back to working in fast food restaurants and serve me food.
palanador21::The women in the WNBA are college educated....$@%!$@%.  So they wouldn't be serving you anything.  It would likely be you flipping the burgers and serving them.
lovesports3409::That's very immature.
sportsfans1995::i watch the wnba..quit hatin
sportsfans1995::this is is probably still a virgin
alicia2785::Lebron James need to opt out of his Heat contract after this season if he don't win a championship ring!!! The Warriors will be a good fit for James. James, David Lee and Robinson, as point guard could be the Warrior's big 3!!! James will for sure get a ring there because that is a good team that will only improve BIG if Lebron James goes there.
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Yep.  And in 3 years, when that doesnt work, we can talk the Commissioner into creating a rule where no team playing AGAINST LeBum can have more than 3 players on the court at the same time!!!!  He'll definitely win a ring then!!!!
nlockett917::I think alicia has some sort of mental defect.
johndoe5699::this espn board has become a weird looking kitchen
MorganIsGood99::who are you picking in this toss up??  http://bit.ly/LebronOrWade
johnnyx2011::MJ hands down.
MorganIsGood99::That top 20 list is wack
johnnyx2011::Thank goodness. I'm finally getting paid doing nothing and people still like me.  ~JLin, Tebow, and God
johndoe5699::J LIn's doing nothing = average 18 pts and 8 assist a game and knicks go 17-8 with him running the point, rejuvenates the knicks  tebow doing nothing = win the broncos division, have 5 fourth quarter comeback wins, beat pittsburgh in first round of playoffs  god doing nothing = have billions on earth belive him, and want to be good people because of him.  johnnyx2011 doing nothing = comment on jlin, tebow, and god on espn board on a monday afternoon at 2 pm
Jai22T::Top 20 players EVER 1)MJ,2)Magic,3)Kareem,4)Wilt,5)Russell,6)Bird,7)Kobe,8)TimmyD,9)The Dream,10)BigO,11)Moses,12)Shaq,13)Stockton,14)KG,15)Mailman,16)Barkley,17)Isiah,18)Ewing,19)DRodinson,20)Drexler
054sandra::In addition, when a player goes to the bench isn't the meter suppose to stop? The way some in the media count it, I would say no! Some are like taxi cab drivers: they keep the meter running. Example: The end of the 3rd quarter and Lebron stays on the bench after playing the whole 3rd quarter offensively and defensively at full throttle. Commentator:  ..."ooh look, LeBron has not scored during this 4th quarter" Wow, its kind of hard to score from the bench. Commentator: .."see that's what we are saying, he disappears during the 4th quarter" Duh, can I not apply for this job or what?
History.Buff._.::If Jeremy Lin was playing, Knicks would have won easily.
johnnyx2011::yes they would except for the Heat, Bulls, and Celtics.
johnnyx2011::Pacers suck except for George.
History.Buff._.::and Pacers.
nlockett917::I feel as though this was one of the best games of Melo's NBA career. He carried the team on his back with virtually zero help on the offensive end, save for JR throwing the ball up with his eyes closed. He made a very high percentage until the end of the game when he was noticeably exhausted and even in the 4th quarter he was guarding the heck out of lebron when he was matched up against him. He blew by lebron way more times than lebron blew by him. Given their physical abilities, that shouldn't happen. If Melo can play with this effort every night, he is a top 3 player in the league.
nlockett917::Who was he supposed to give it to? Davis? RJ? Those guys just fire up fade away 3s. Chandler is only good within 4 feet from the basket and melo gave it to him when he was down there. The dude was shooting over 50%, give him the ball more.
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::And your leading scorer is also your leading assist man?  Give Melo credit for having a nite worthy of his All-Star nod this year.
nlockett917::Especially when other members of his team are being guarded by lebron and wade.
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::when a pro ball player is shooting  better than 50% from the field, you keep feeding him.  Period.
alicia2785::Melo is a ball hogger!!! How can the rest of the team help when he's hogging the ball and calling for it when it's not in his hands!!!
johnnyx2011::Lebron was playing a team game more than Melo
nlockett917::Also, Melo had more assists than any other player.
nlockett917::Thats because Lebron has more of a team.
Zoua4747::Superstars carry their team to a championship...the only thing Melo carry was his personal stats.
nlockett917::So Dirk, Duncan, Wade and Kobe are the only superstars? Interesting.
EsPnGuy2877827::take your pick..  http://bit.ly/CarmelloOrWade
EsPnGuy2877827::Who would you take to start a franchise...carmello or wade?
To many LeBron trolls::LeBron James
alicia2785::none of the above not even MJ!!! MJ is old now and his team the BOBCATS sucks!!!
Zoua4747::MJ
054sandra::Wow, I love Magic but, really! Four guys in the booth and everyone chimes in with what Magic says: ..."like I said JB, LeBron can't check 'Mello!" But Magic, most of the time when "Mello" went off it was on Shane Battier. Oh I forgot, never let the facts get in the way - when referring to some of these commentators. If I were to guest-host on one of these shows I would "kill" alot of these guys. No, not necessarily the ones that played in the NBA but, the ones that didn't ....Plus, there is no real objectivity when referring to the WHOLE TEAM. Sample: ..."LeBron needs to do more" "We were expecting alot more" "LeBron only had four points during x-segment"
054sandra::Dude, no NBA player can "STOP" any superstar all the time. I can see that from your reference point that you've never played. No problem, but the trick is to slow them down and make them take tough shots.
nlockett917::Melo was making easy shots from lebron. Using his right hand to go baseline to get to the lane for a 8-10 foot jumper? Thats cake for Melo. Yea, he made some tough ones with Lebron in his face, but he made more with lebron at his side.
nlockett917::When Lebron was on Melo early in the game Melo kept driving baseline and going right by lebron.
mtokan::i agree they were all talkin $@%! sayin that lebron cant cover melo when it was battier and when lebron got on him he did not score anymore. just another Heat hater stand in line.
054sandra::I did as well. I am becoming greatly concerned about the knowledge of some of them. I mean, many get to pick the MVP and you see what the media did last year? Oh, not that Rose should not have won but, man... a landslide? NO!!!
Aicyla22::yes i noticed too bc i recorded the game &amp; pre show, but watched the game first, then watched the pre show and NOTHING they said happened or was applicable.
Give me some yogurt please::http://www.hardwoodparoxysm.com/
lbcguy2000::It's funny how history is repeating itself.  Mike Woodson is reliving his experience in Atlanta with a similar cast of characters.  This time Melo is his "star" player as opposed to Joe Johnson.  NBA superstars seem to love guys like Joe Johnson and Melo.  It's very strange because they are primarily offensive players and don't do much else very well.  I recall LeBron and Bosh mentioning Joe Johnson as a player they would want on their team.  Chris Paul, Kobe and D. Rose seem to love Melo.  All of these guys seem to love these skilled offensive players until they actually play with them on an NBA team.  (Please don't mention the Olympics because that is a totally different situation).  I guess NBA players are like the general public because they get infatuated with flashy scorers.
johndoe5699::When our dinners first came to our table, I asked carmelo to pass me the salt........ needless to say, 30 minutes later, I was very unsatisfied having just finished an unseasoned meal.
johnnyx2011::All the $$ is mine. The ball is mine. The team is mine. NY is mine. All mine. Mine mine mine!!!  ~Melo
nlockett917::It should be if he keeps playing like that.
Zoua4747::It wont be if he keeps losing like that ;)
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::Lebron is like a baseball player that has been hit in the face by a fastball, after that they just aren't the same, almost afraid   to step in there they always have that fear in the back of their minds and that won't allow them to play how they used to. Lebrons fastball that hit him in the face are all those chokes he has and now he is afraid to step up to the plate for fear of it happening again.  Lebron at the free throw line in the playoffs is the last thing heat fans want to see.
johndoe5699::whoever said asians are short never laid eyes on a mexican busboy
Dr Killapatient::What's a busboy?
Pfunk13::Remember when all the Baron Davis fan boys were thumping their chest, talking smack about J Lin and how much better a PG  B Diddy is?  Just Sayin....
mtokan::all those Knicks fans sayin to start Davis. He is old and beat up good luck tryin to get out of the first round of the playoffs if you make it LOL go HEAT
History.Buff._.::But Davis never had his people bomb Pearl Harbor either.
johnnyx2011::he's a wannabe j@p that hates on the chinese
Pfunk13::B Diddy is the reason we had Milli Vanilli!!!!
Zoua4747::HistoryBLUFF is a troll...he can't distinguished between Taiwan and Japan ;)
History.Buff._.::Don't forget about rap music.
Pfunk13::very true... If Lin wasn't an american...  If that's the context of the argument, I guess we can blame Davis for the LA Riots...
mintzerkj4eva::Mikki Moore I forgot all about that guy. Signed with GSW
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::this post season will be the most pressure Lebron has ever had on him, and that is not good for the heat. even a heat fan is smart enough to know Lebron does not like pressure. it's not looking good
currocj::Ummm, isn't every post-season pressure for everyone?  But besides, Heat will not win it all, I see Bulls from the East and a toss up out west, either OKC or Lakers.  Spurs always get really 'old' at playoffs lately.
mintzerkj4eva::Just the finals he has to prove
History.Buff._.::A loss is a loss, but this loss was a win for the Knicks.
mtokan::what so you dont have to face us in the first round and get swept. that is the only win the knicks had last night
mintzerkj4eva::Who else is on Mike Ryan's Coward Bandwagon?
Dr Killapatient::8th seed this year: Knicks or 76ers??
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Knicks could get 7th......maybe.
mintzerkj4eva::I think Knicks will get the 8th seed, Philly has a easier schedule left
smoody FTW::How you liking melo NY? LMAO  Hero ball NEVER wins..he could have scored 50 and you lose..lmao
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Yes!!!!  Another Miami "fan"
Zoua4747::Yes!!!! Another Melo "fan" ;)
History.Buff._.::People that don't like Jeremy Lin are still holding a grudge over Pearl Harbor.
johnnyx2011::this is getting OLD and BORING!!!!!!!!
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Ur doin this on purpose, aren't u??  Is this that "trolling" thing I keep reading about?  You kids and ur computers.....
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::I can do it too!! Watch.....if you dont like Carmelo Anthony, you must still be mad at that black guy that punched u in the face for no apparent reason by ur locker in high school.
nba is the worst::He's been rerunning the same isht for months now
scamnewton56::Taiwan bombed Pearl Harbor?  God d@mn 5th grade social studies teacher, lying and saying the j@ps did it.
JB_Smoove_Is_A_Celtic::That was dry.............
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Sooooo.......had a convo with a guy about Jeremy Lin,  I said he was overrated, and the guy called me a racist.  Guess stats dont matter when ur asian?????
scamnewton56::Someone called me racist after I said Mexicans are useless.  We live in a sensitive world nowadays brother.
mtokan::how are mexicans useless they do all the jobs no one else wants to do you moron. you probably employee a couple yourself.
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Right?  I think i just had a MySpace flash back.....
mintzerkj4eva::lol that really is racist
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Uh....that is racist brother.
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::ASIAN!!!!
History.Buff._.::Racist!
mintzerkj4eva::lol, someone call me a racist because I said Tebow could throw a lot better
mintzerkj4eva::lol i know
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Lol.  People these days......
History.Buff._.::If Jeremy Lin played, things would have been different.
johnnyx2011::Knicks would still lose. It's the Heat they are going against!
megadrrewton99::knicks will win it all if they want to?
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Hell yeah.  I would be fun to watch, anyway.
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::I dont think we'll win.....but we CAN ruin someone else's chances in the playoffs by creating a 7 game series.
MKDEVI::I hope they get the Heat in the first round. They would give them a run for their money.
mintzerkj4eva::Give the Bulls hell
brandonlee561heat22::They haven't even clinched the playoffs yet?
mintzerkj4eva::Chicago and Boston kill each other in the second round #MikeRyanCowardBandwagon lol
mintzerkj4eva::Miami will have the easiest road to the ECF's.  Look like it will be Sixers and Pacers/Hawks/Magic.
nba is the worst::Too soon to predict 76ers
mintzerkj4eva::I think their games left are easier
MKDEVI::Miami got drilled by the Pacers last meeting
mintzerkj4eva::so
JB_Smoove_Is_A_Celtic::Good win for the Heat. But Im not convinced they are more than a 2nd round exit. Its only one game.   Twitter: @NiceGuyReese
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::And my Knicks aint neccessarily a power house team.  Miami is beatable.
Caged Wisdom Changed My Life::So if 2 of your top 3 or 4 scorers are out, who else is NY supposed to run their offense through?  All of this "Melo is hurting the Knicks" talk is ridiculous.  without Melo that game would have been a BLOWOUT OF EPIC PROPORTIONS.  check the stats to see how many shots JR smith missed, specifically in the 4th
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::And Indiana.  And, when Andrew Bynum gets hurt (he WILL get hurt), LA.
Give me some yogurt please::Knicks suck WORSE with Melo, Amare and Lin playing together.  Have fun with your moral victory.
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::I hear you.....kinda sounds like two thirds of the NBA tho.  Boston and Dallas especially.
Give me some yogurt please::Fair enough.  But not sure how the Knicks will be okay.  Three max contracts tied to players who can't stay healthy, and don't play well together on the court.  No cap space, no picks, no one anyone wants in a trade.  I don't know...
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Not necessarily.  Lin is overrated,  STAT is a soon-to-be semi-functional parapalegic, and Melo is......Melo.  But we'll be ok.  I'd rather be a fan of these Knicks than a bandwagon Miami or OKC fan.
Zoua4747::Just pointing out the fact that when Melo is the main scorer, as Melo lovers dream for him to be, Knicks are more likely to lose than win.  Even with Melo 42pts, the Knicks still got blown out!    Note:  Melo fans are not real Knicks fan ;)
Zoua4747::Please dont compared Melo to Kobe...that's an insult to a champion, something Melo is trying to be.  And let me correct you Melo lovers...REAL KNICKS FANS are not Melo fans :) :) :)
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Of course we celebrated Melo.  He played the full game while all his teammates watched.  Kobe has been doin it for YEARS.  Melo fans may not be real Knicks fans, but real Knicks fans can definitely be Melo fans.
Zoua4747::Exactly my point...Melo lovers will still praised their god Melo for his 42pts, even if the Knicks lost the game.  Note:  Melo fans are not real Knicks fans.
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::No one player is the answer to ANY TEAMS PROBLEMS......u must be a Heat fan
skwig2404::your missing the point... a 7 point loss is not a blow-out. melo carried that team yesterday. MIA had a big lead early and lost it before they even knew they had it...
Zoua4747::You're missing the point...even with Melo's whopping 42pts, the Knicks still lost.  Melo is not the answer to the Knicks championship quest...
skwig2404::7 points is a blow out?
MKDEVI::How about Fields? How that guy is in the NBA I will never know.
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::Fields isnt a bad player.  his mins have gone down considerably since JR came to town.....both players are suffering because of it too
brandonlee561heat22::If Luke Harangody could make it to the NBA, Fields definitely should be.
Bullsfan737::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xz0ZPFKvcXc my favorite video!!
johndoe5699::Delonte West can't get the A class groupies, so instead he f.ucks lebron's mom
Zoua4747::Proof that when the offense is focus mainly on Melo, there are going to be just as much losses as there are wins. I hope JLin continues to sit out the rest of the season so BDavis/Melo could take JLin haters to the promise land LOL!     Melo 40pts, Knicks lost by 5+pts = Melo fans cheers  :););) Melo 10pts, Knicks won by 5+pts = Melo fans crying  :(:(:(  Note:  Melo fans are not real Knicks fans ;)
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::What ur sayin is true....but its not a MELO problem.  Its a "there is only one fcukin basketball on the court" problem.
Zoua4747::It's definitely a Melo problem when you're 14-27FGA.  You're right there's only ONE $@%!$@ bball on the court...how about distribute it more evenly instead of pass Melo the ball because he expects it?
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::U sound silly guy.  NO TEAM BUILT ON  A ONE-MAN OFFENSE WINS.  Ask MJ, or Kobe, or Dwight Howard, or Deron Williams or Vince Carter, or Derrick Rose, or anybody thats ever played basketball beyond the college level.  Im a Knicks fan, and Im a Melo fan.  I just wish we wouldnt have traded for him.  I liked Danilo Gallinari and I liked Wilson Chandler.
Zoua4747::"NO TEAM BUILT ON A ONE-MAN OFFENSE WINS".  Exactly, that's the point...when the offense is run mainly through Melo, ball movement stops and the team will collapsed.  Silly?  Read again.
johndoe5699::Lebron is excited about the free fries he won from McD's monopoly game
Bullsfan737::The Knicks did exactly what the Heat normally do and that's have one player be a ball hog and that was the downfall of the Knicks this game!!
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::I dont understand how u can say he was a ball hog when every body played bad
Bullsfan737::No disagreements i'm surprised!!
JB_Smoove_Is_A_Celtic::they have 2 players that do
Aicyla22::i dont understand how the heat have 1 player hog the ball
Lucia_D1981::I'm pretty sure LeBron's #1 reason for going to Miami was the honies.
TY_NITTYdaSupweme::The NBA has "away" games for reason bro.  He would still get to smash broads in MIA.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::they're are hot women everywhere if your rich and famous. you don't need to go to miami to get them
okc and bulls are bandwagoners_::Lebron doesn't need to learn from Rose how to choke both FTs.  Lebron prefers to choke just one
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::Lebron would not be reading this because he coasted through school on talent and can not read. people read things for him. why do you think he says so many stupid things.
nba is the worst::Stein's power ratings are up (Funny, not after 6PM EDT like last week)...  Bulls #1
