Kyle Then::Chris Paul is the biggest flopper in the game, and Kevin Love gets absolutely no calls. These refs are trash.
Nate Stein::he may just be a bit gun shy after nearly losing a few teeth after getting kicked in the face last game, but Love never gets calls and always leaves games covered in scratches.
Tony Cunningham::Haha you guys are such babies. Paul shot 3 FT. Love shot 10. Wolves shot double the FT. U lose get over it. You call Paul a flopper,which I won't deny, but he gets pulled and fouled consistently
Dakota Mckenzie::The clippers have had the toughest schedule in the nba and now they have to play Minnesota and the thunder on the road?? I would accept an 8-5 start with the kind of schedule we have had, its a little ridiculous if you ask me
Angel Payano::Man I was just thinking that. Theyve played houston twice, miami, Memphis, Minnesota now twice after tonight, golden state and the thunder twice after tomorrow night
Moetown Lee::CP3 is the best closer in Basketball
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Last 5 minutes, there is no PG better at scoring or getting his teammates an open shot with the P and R.
Michael Maiorano::now that's funny.  Ever heard of Kobe?
Dakota Mckenzie::yea his clutch numbers are actually BELOW average
Ikenna Nwaghanata::LAC is just better.
Nate Stein::unlike your grammer
Ayn Bland::*grammar
Angel Payano::Wow nate. Huge fail
Justin Jenkins::https://www.facebook.com/ClipperClowns
Johnny Meyers::Wolves shoot a million free throws and they wanna complain  about not getting calls. Loves post game comments are a joke. I lost all respect for him. I already thought he was a pretty overrated player . I mean he's a historically bad defender but for him to blame his bad game on "getting pounded out there (as in no calls) and I was just tired. What? You are a professional. Give credit where credit is due . BG32 shut you down.... twice. .. Ur shooting 10 for 35 vs him.  Give the man credit. He played love hard and shut him down like he's done all year. (Outside of the Randolph game.) Shutdown lebron,  durant, Howard (when he guarded him) David lee. I'm sure I'm missing someone. His defense has improved by leaps and bounds.  He's a legit mvp candidate. How can love even be in the conversation?  He plays LITERALLY NO DEFENSE.
Tony Cunningham::Completely agree. Clippers were in foul trouble all night
Michael Maiorano::So much for Kevin Love for MVP talk
Isaac Wiese::Obviously, you're a smart guy. LeBron never had any bad games during the last 2 seasons.
Mike Gilbert::Even on a bad day he still almost had a triple double. Not like you watched the game anyway.
Isaac Wiese::Mike Gilbert Love had a bad bad game overall. Still doesn't discount his season as being very very good thus far. We just need to get the wins rolling again. Need more PEK
Carlos RillOo Abrego::Chris paul better than Magic?? Bahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Aaron Rooney::The clippers just have the wolves number that's all there is to it. That and they just have a better team...
Mickey Doherty::Kevin Love was 2-14. That may have had something to do with it too...
Aaron Rooney::Mickey Doherty Yes. Blake has really become a very good defensive player this season. DJ is better as well.
Aaron Rooney::Mickey Doherty Kevin Love's 2-14 last night has nothing to do with the prior 6 games the Clips have won over the Wolves.
Corey Beaumont::Wolves coming off a bad loss on the road to Wizards. Clippers rested & sneak one out on the road by a close margin.
Timothy Simmons::Honestly its impossible to predict.
Timothy Simmons::But I hope you're right corey.
Corey Beaumont::Timothy Simmons - Yeah matchup's like these are generally a crap shoot. BetBuckets.com has the clippers winning @ 51% probability. I'll take the extra point & CP3 V. Rubio and Barea.
Dylan Radke::The wolves really need to find a second team who doesn't blow the game every time they are in. They always have a close game and then it slip to about 10-15 points and then the starters have to catch up again. When will coach realize that Barea isn't worth it, nor is shved. It's ridiculous how we keep blowing a close game with those guys.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::The game was basically tied late in the 4th. Love just pulled a Houdini act.
Dylan Radke::Ikenna Nwaghanata yes but we were down 10 early in the fourth because of it. also in the second we blew a tie game and went down by 11 points.
Carlos RillOo Abrego::Win shares and PEr. LmAO abahahahahahahahahahahahahaahha
Bruce Gevirtzman::I love the Clippers, but I can't stand it when they lose. I need a diversion: my family. But then I come back to these boards and torture myself.
Zach Vallone::T-wolves need to draft QU's own Ousmane Drame #getchampionships #1overall pick
Mike Baltz::looks like the t-wolves have joined the 'tank for wiggins' sweepstakes
Mike Gilbert::yup, 7-6 is just awful
Abdikarim Mohamed::the wolves realy need to find out whats wrong the team other wise will be keep going down
Brian Robbins::Ricky Rubio with another of his "elite" PG halves...1 assist.
Nate Stein::must be a pretty good player for random fans of random teams to come on here posting about him. The kid is an amazing passer, and has been playing great D on Paul, and shooting and running the offense well. Not everything is on stat sheets
Ryan McKeen::One thing to keep in mind, both meetings so far this year will have been on the tail end of back-to-backs for MN.
Michael Maiorano::The only thing CP3 can close is a game, certainly can't close a season.  The guy's been in the league almost 10 years and he's never made it to even one NBA finals.  What a flea
Ikenna Nwaghanata::Well who is his best teammate he has played with ? David West. Blake is still young and improving his game every year though.
Angel Payano::Ok im convinced u just dont like the guy for whatever reason
Tyler Allen::I get a critic! I get someone saying everything up to the nba finals. They would be wrong, and i'd gladly voice why! Though to someone who followed with "what a flea". All I have to say on you is "What a Joke"! I doubt you could even hold your own on court with a average high school kid. Oh and by the way the type of person to call someone a flea when just in disapproval to post season success, will have that radiate onto real life outside espn online forms. Though i'll assume your daily activity and the one you lay with if anyone at all reflects this... now who's the flea!
Rob Horton::So proud to have Adelman as our T-Wolves coach.  I mean, 64-96 is a great record and yes he led Sacramento to the 1991 WC Championship!
Justin Taslak::its even worse in the replay! That's guaranteed to be a flopping warning, the dude just spun himself around in the air
Tamatoa Kollaart::both Deandre and blake can jump higher than Pekovic and Love combined. And Love has a better FT% than Deandre and Blake combined
Jonathan Ascencio::Yes because we all know jumping high makes you a good shooter, almost instantaneously.
Dante Barrett::Most irrelevant sports comment I've ever read
Dante Barrett::I don't even know what point you're trying to make
Justin Porter::k love had a off nite shooting but had 8 ASSISTS.. MORE REBOUNDS... love wins
Michael Maiorano::TWolves won't make the playoffs...for the 25th straight year.  What a bad bad franchise.
Dug Deeply::Best game of the night by far. Watch for K-Mart to be the decisive factor in the game. I guess he scores 25+ pts.
