Beau Wildrix::Lol, apparently most people think that free throws should just be given to each team equally.. One team gets 20 free throw shots then of course the other team should get 20 free throw shots or it's not fair and the game is rigged. Gtfo.
Adam Youman::shhhhhh too much logic in one comment. but maybe Chelo Mejias should read this....he is unclear on the concept
Chelo Mejias::Adam Youman   Figures, OKC fans aren't complaining....but in the finals against lebron...Refs are all they talked about lol
Ayn Bland::Chelo Mejias No.  There was one questionable call that I recall and it was a no-call.  Last seconds of game 2, LeBron clearly fouled KD on a game tying shot.
ThunderHeads Page::Watching the the Thunder v Celtics game at a bar....when Perk dunked in the the 1st quarter this elderly man almost fell out his chair.  He screamed "Perkins can dunk? When did that start happening" lol. #YouCanDoItPerk
Adam Mueller::You guys want him back.....You can have him...LOL
Chelo Mejias::That was the thunders first foul of the quarter....last one was perkins with 2 24 left in the 3rd
Adam Youman::its called smart basketball and good defense. celtics could learn a thing or two
Chelo Mejias::Adam Youman   No, it's called the refs giving all the calls to OKC...i know you're a homer...so i'm not even mad at you lol
Adam Youman::Chelo Mejias im not an OKC fan lol i just hate stupid ppl who blame every game on the refs. you act like boston had a chance they suck get over it
Shawn Bento::KD would be going for the triple double if the Thunder weren't up so much.
Willie Woodberry::Perkins got 12 points in 1 game? How???
Shawn Bento::best center in the league.
Adam Youman::Shawn Bento lol
Willie Woodberry::Shawn Bento I think the accidently totaled his points from the past 12 games.
Liam Sibson::Wow Jeff Green 2-8, Jared Sullinger 1-5 3 fouls.  I thought these guys were supposed to lead/save this team?  Maybe they should starrt Humphries...after all, he's costing them 11 Million.
Ayn Bland::31 vs 24 FTAs in the Thunder's favor in a game where OKC was literally toying with Boston and Boston's only defense against OKC was the foul...  And the refs favored OKC?  Get a grip.
Chelo Mejias::Congrats to the "REAL" OKC fans. Not the ones who ignore the officiating because it's in their favor. Good Night REAL okc fans and fellow C's fans. Onto the next game
Kelley Crooks::30% from the field, 50% from the foul line, fouled out...come on Jared, you can do much better.  Disappointing effort.
Liam Sibson::Green, Crawford, Sullinger all disappointing. Bass not surprising as usual. Humphries still playing off the bench. Bogans and Pressey can't do anything.  And Faverani? He had that 18 Rebound game and since then....nothing
Kelley Crooks::Liam Sibson Yep, agree...but being a Buckeye & Celtic fan, I want Jared specifically to make a better showing.
Liam Sibson::Want Durant to win the MVP.  But this is ridiculous...13 more fouls and 14 more FTS made?
Chelo Mejias::Celtics 24 fouls OKC 11 fouls  OKC should be ashamed of themselves!
Josh Schield::do you watch nba games or just looking at the stats??  OKC always knew how to draw fouls while they shooting!! also they are quickest team in nba..
Chelo Mejias::Josh Schield   So, 24 fouls to 12 is fair to you??
Adam Youman::Chelo Mejias lol yes because boston committed those fouls unquestionably. try watching a game instead of the box score
Liam Sibson::I cringed when I realized that this team failed to get/keep:  Tim Duncan Chauncey Billups Antoine Walker  Joe Johnson  Tracy McGrady  Oh my God...No wonder it took them 26 years.
Chelo Mejias::You have to admit, Antoine walker was our Kyrie Irving and Paul Pierce was our Dion waiters back then... they played well, but wasn't enough
Liam Sibson::Yeah, I do see OKC getting more FTS.  But this team still sucks. Oh and Sullinger 1-9? Such a great big man...  Has a single Celtic had a 30-point game this year? Because I know EVERY OTHER team has definitely had one.
Chelo Mejias::Jeff Green
Adam Mueller::Crazy to think that if the Thunder didn't have a complete collapse in both games vs Portland and Brooklyn, then they would be on a 5 game win streak without Westbrook.
Adam Youman::westbrook is the one who would have held it together when they started to lose those two huge leads. no way they would have lost those games if they still had RW
Chelo Mejias::Choklahoma City Thunder, Regular season Monarchs and reduced to Rubble when it matters most.
Adam Youman::they seem to be doing fine
Mark Allem::The Thunder have progressed ever season except last year when Westbrook got hurt. I don't think they are "choklahoma". They are still learning. When Westbrook returns and they continue to play at the same level they were earlier in the season, then you could say they choked.
Daniel Smith::serge ibaka is a beast this season he is a growing player for the thunder and I think we will need him in the playoffs
Liam Sibson::Thunder need to find replacements for Perkins and Seflosha...they can't start.
Adam Youman::Liam Sibson lamb and adams
Liam Sibson::Hasheem Thabeet could honestly do more than Perkins.  I mean, he's 7'4"...never gets a chance.
Liam Sibson::Well, this is basically an auto-loss for Boston.  They lose by 12 to a 12-18 Roseless Bulls and blow an 18 point lead and lose by 1 to the Hawks despite Atlanta shooting 33-91.  OKC wins this one 121-79, probably even more severe.
Noah McArthur::121-79 going into the 4th but Boston finds a way to pull it out. 142-130 Boston.
Liam Sibson::Hmm...I can see OKC getting 121 after 3 but Boston having 79? Too high...
Jeff Brown::This is just the kind of game C's win with an unmotivated Thunder.
Adam Youman::Oh there you are reggie. was starting to think you didnt play for the thunder any more
Adam Youman::Durant gonna have another 40 point game lol 10 free throws in the first half alone
Liam Sibson::You know the calls are starting to get ridiculous when Keith Bogans is in...
Jordan Newton::This should be a complete run away for OKC. Would be no excuse to loose this game.
Abdul Basir Safi::They have a MASSIVE reason to lose JEFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF GRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENN CUUUZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
Jordan Newton::Until Harden was traded the Green trade of 11 was my most devastating moment as a Thunder fan ha ha but in saying that don't think he'll stop Thunder this time ;)
Matt Beggs::Kevin Durant is sorta cruising along, he has had 17pts 3rebs 4asts
Chelo Mejias::mostly due to massive ref help...17 minutes and more free throws than celtics team free throws
Rai Lara Costa::Chelo Mejias are you even watching the game? he should've more FT's than he has.
Chelo Mejias::Rai Lara Costa   Ya, i'm watching Kevin Durant shoot more free throws than the entire celtics team combined... it's a fact...look at the box score chief
Chelo Mejias::Phil Pressey is not an NBA player, send him down to the D-League
Chelo Mejias::Celtics 18 fouls Thunder 10 fouls
Arvin Ramroop::#thunderup
