Jaguarcrazyboy::Bonner is probably Scals 2nd cousin or something.
NOVABuffalo::how many games have the spurs won with the red rocket as leading scorer?  I doubt it is more than you can count on one hand.
Ron3758::I have bet on sports for a few years now and have gone through handicappers like women. Two months ago I found a system sportsbettingstar.com that is pretty decent. I have only lost 1 bet so far. It is a 2 game betting system were you double down if you lose the first bet. Im 30-1 doing this so far. Thought I would post this for anyone who is looking for a good handicapper
joshisfirst1::I have bet on sports for a few years now and have gone through handicappers like women. Two months ago I found a system sportsbettingstar.com that is pretty decent. I have only lost 1 bet so far. It is a 2 game betting system were you double down if you lose the first bet. Im 30-1 doing this so far. Thought I would post this for anyone who is looking for a good handicapper or is just tired of BS handicappers
chrisdiaz73::Officiating in this game was terrible....way too many no/bad calls!
Zach4panthers::"Bonner's hot shooting"
Spursdc::lol
CandySparker::Cheers Matt Bomber!
playsumD::wow! Rudy Gay career night right there.
frazinat0r24::Lost and Insecure.. you found me
tonyleolion::Who could Memphis beat scoring 73pts? Orlando
lewisrush12::Is Marc Gasol the only player in the league you could, as an average person, call fat and not be totally off base?
Spursdc::LOL
gautier50::go Spurs!
Benjamayne::if only the NBA had revenue sharing and no guaranteed contracts...
royboy1978::If Rudy Gay wants to be considered an "All Star", he needs to step his game up.
renzo1200::Gay should give back half his contract for that performance. Absolutely pathetic
Sarah_Reeve587702::San Antonio Spurs vs. Memphis Grizzlies   a site with info:   http://bit.ly/xVWHSO
Benjamayne::if only the grizzlies were still 10-6...
dwight howard is leaving on a jet plane::lol 10 point win...  grizzlies got destroyed tonight
Trace2010::Grizzlies need to get back to the style that beat the Spurs- post directed offense.  Zach Randolph coming back will help with that, but they lost their veteran edge with Battier.
dwight howard is leaving on a jet plane::they need to take the ball to the basket  didnt watch the game but when i watch grizz games u guys are taking way too many outside shots
dwight howard is leaving on a jet plane::yea  made a run when the spurs didnt care
royboy1978::Grizz destroyed themselves.
.jeebus.::yeah the final score is very deceiving. This game was not close.
EGGY126::Lock down D by the Spurs
D3zii::I think the spurs are winning like this becaues Pop rested the starters most of last night and against Minnisota
Julian_h_Lyon::The Spurs' bench is amazing, arguably the deepest in the league (other than maybe Chicago, Portland, and Denver). At least 2-deep at every position and more than set on the wings. They need another quality bi,g though, to truly contend.
dwight howard is leaving on a jet plane::this team can shoot at every position and has a decent bench
JLancerio::Final score is gonna make this game look close
dwight howard is leaving on a jet plane::great run at the end grizzlies  have to go home feeling good about that
Spursdc::LIKE
.jeebus.::Spurs rockin the midget lineup
royboy1978::Mike Tyson being inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame????
ahmad751::Rudy Gay only 1 point ??????????????
knicks_11::Hes Pulling a Melo... lol Wait We Won tho..
Spursdc::Don't forget, we have draft picks waiting over seas
Spursdc::So do I
ahmad751::I wanna see how Ryan Richards plays
Benjamayne::17 pts for mayo, too bad rudy and marc combined for 6...
NOVABuffalo::@trace --- you might be right, Pop always has been slow to trust new players.  I don't think he has much choice anymore.  TD isn't TD of 1999.  Got to rely on Splitter, Leonard and others.  Splitter is coming around.  Leonard is a much better rebounder than I would have thought.
Trace2010::That was the most frustrating about watching the Spurs in last year's playoffs.  We took all the bite our younger guys had been developing and essentially threw a muzzle over it for four games...then said, down 3-1 "okay, we're not going anywhere, so you can play again."
Spursdc::best rebounder on the team
NOVABuffalo::Green improved his attitude and work ethic and is looking like he could be another Bruce Bowen
NeeehNoooh::Not the way you want to close this one out, Spurs. Disgusting to me.
Trace2010::No.  They have earned their rest for tonight.  They'll be more battles to fight coming up.  Why burn unnecessary energy?
royboy1978::Can't win them on, but to lose four in a row is pathetic.  Grizz need to do some soul searching.
Trace2010::Nope.  They just have to get Rudy Gay to buy into going to the post first.
knicks_11::tHAT dUDE danny Green. Is a rookie to Watch. A definite All star in the coming years especally my fav player in the coming years.
Spursdc::not sure about that. He is a nice role player tho
.jeebus.::It's his 3rd year in the season lol. Thanks to the Cavs for letting him go.
knicks_11::oH wow. my Bad. He looks like a Rookie to me.
Spursdc::The Spurs make alot cross court passes
Spurzoffury::Where are all the Memphis fans? All I hear are chickens with their heads between their @ss!
royboy1978::I'm still here.  Sh.!t happens.
lewisrush12::No offense, but I think it's generally accepted that Memphis Barbecue is inferior to Texas Barbecue.  God's truth.
playinaround2::KC barbecue beats both - Jack Stack burnt ends and beef ribs, oh Lordie
royboy1978::Unless you have tasted both brands of BBQ, don't make a comment like that.
tds2n::memphis usually wins out in a lot of competitions. but, it's really what you're looking for. They both have different styles.
lewisrush12::Less reliance on pork is really the key
NOVABuffalo::I find both excellent, isn't there room for both.  I know on my gut there is.
lewisrush12::Cures cancer?
Spursdc::barbecue = cancer
tonyleolion::Will Memphis break 20 this quarter?
Spurzoffury::It's official Memphis is done, not the Spur's $@%!$ anymore! Thought just because they won a series they wer a contender, instead just a pretender! Eat sh it Memphis!
yosellindreams::wow
Benjamayne::i wonder what happened to the grizzlies
tds2n::sounds like what people said when the playoffs started last year.. you "analyst" kill me..
Trace2010::No Randolph...no Battier...no offense running through the low block...Rudy Gay taking 10 random shots on goal...no defensive intensity...any basketball fan can see that this team cannot beat San Antonio in their current position/game plan.
lewisrush12::Wow, Memphis fans not hesitating at all to hit the exits with 6 minutes left.  Way to support your team.  Not like you got anywhere better to go on Monday night.
Benjamayne::go to bed earlier, sleep this one off
NOVABuffalo::IDK, might be BBQ time
Spursdc::Beat the traffic
.jeebus.::Just about time to empty the benches.
frazinat0r24::LOL at 54 points in the 4th quarter.
ahmad751::Leonard double-double :)
Spursdc::10 blocks 10 steals
JLancerio::Why is it that we're up 19 with 6 minutes to go and I'm still scared?
JLancerio::Well now i'm not.
Trace2010::You shouldn't be.
Spursdc::Lenard with the block
.jeebus.::Oh what was that
NOVABuffalo::what's with the crying about fouls?  Grizz have one more foul than Spurs.
royboy1978::GUARD THE PERIMETER GRIZZ!!!!!!!!!!
ahmad751::Game!! The Dagger!
NeeehNoooh::RJ and Green!  Finally knocking some 3's down.
Spursdc::game
NeeehNoooh::yep feeling good about this game for the first time tonight.  if grizz were gonna make a run it would be at the beginning of the 4th. thankfully spurs broke even for the scoring in the quarter, with a couple of 3's after that slow start to the quarter.  me thinks the crowd should be filing out any minute now.
lewisrush12::Matt Bonner honestly might be the least clutch player in the league.  He's a good guy...but bless his heart, the man was just not born with any clutch abilities.
Trace2010::Matt cannot burn longer than six or seven minutes total.  Not even when his shot is falling.
spurscowboys1312::yet y'all defense would look like a wood chuck
Spursdc::he sucks
NOVABuffalo::His defense is poor, but when he can shoot he can stay in the game.  Just not clutch time.
spurscowboys1312::his 3 pts shots re looking good on the stats. so u either full of it or can't read stats or not watchi' game at all
JLancerio::He's from New Hampshire man. You gotta cut him some slack
