sirawesomeness1::Curry is quite possibly the next greatest shooter in the history of the NBA.  Ray Allen and Reggie Miller need to step aside and witness the beauty that is Stephen Curry.
BayAreaFan40::warriors locking up #6 soon!
batennisstud::@woyplate
CrabtreeWasHeld::Having a tier 1 SuPerstar on this franchise like StePh Curry makes falling out of the to 8 imPossible
HH69::Go Warriors!!  I missed the game again....ugh.
DoubleV1369::great game from the entire team. Curry playing like the All-Star he SHOULD have been. D.Lee playing like the All-Star he is, leads the league in double-doubles (45?). Bogut was actually really impressive tonight, filling the stat sheet like the player he was before his injury. glad to see him rounding into form. gotta get a big win in SA next, lets go Warriors!
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Great game Steph! Dude's been carrying the team the last couple weeks with bogut being trash. Gotta keep this trend of improved defense going.
davxav::I am so grateful I got to watch Curry play for 3 years at Davidson. He is just crazy good.
dwighthowardsamazing::I love this team more than I ever thought anyone could love a last place team, but we need to make moves in the off-season like crazy. starting with trading Gordon and Anderson (I like Anderson but to get Davis more minutes next season) and signing pekovic would be awesome (he's not leaving Minny but I can dream can't I?)
nihkkah::As a Golden State Fan i respect this entire thread, I feel like this was us two-three years ago talking about the same kind of stuff, your time will come.
yesir504::Did u see the Minny game we just played?? Pek is not worth the money he is going to command this off season...give Gordon a full offseason healthy to get back in true form...we have a very bright future with rivers maturing and progressing beautifully along with Davis n Gordon and Ryno coming off the bench..Ryno ain't goin no where dude he is a top 5-8 contract in this league and provides the necessary spark off the bench..Monty is old school with bringing along rookies slowly..we r in full tank mode with a top 3-5 pick n tons of cap space we r all good with demps working his magic
dwighthowardsamazing::I know I like Ryan but I want to see Davis get bug minutes I'm sure he won't disappoint. And I did see the game last night it was his first game back from missing a lot of time with an injury. You talk about Gordon taking time to get back in shape right? Well it has to be a 2-way street
bayareasports86::Warriors...
jzalvarado2.0::The Hornets had the perfect opportunity to be MOVED to the Bay Area under great ownership (Larry Ellison).  With the impending move by the Kings, it would have balanced out the Northern Cali region to two teams.  Hornets would have been much more competitive but NOOOO David Stern insisted that they keep a moribund franchise in New Orleans
yesir504::Ur an idiot.....OBVIOUSLY
dwighthowardsamazing::He found a buyer offering more money to keep the team in new orleans and how does everything the same but the city make a team more competitive?
Boris_Zwann990958::Get your nba team in for Today:  http://tinyurl.com/nba-free-challenge4
tman8010::The Spurs don't stand a chance against the Warriors, not with the way they're playing.
dustybakerowesme::Haha. I'm a huge Dubs fan... but the Spurs are still the Spurs. Hopefully the Dubs can make it a competitive game and at least give themselves the opportunity to win it at the end.
dwighthowardsamazing::No disrespect to mark Jackson because he is a great coach. The spurs will win because of coaching pop is the best coach in the league and the spurs record shows it
nihkkah::I think the same as a Dubs fan, but without Parker if Curry could just clean up his play a little bit we should be in a good position to win.
_Neanderthal Hipster 3.0_::parker might be back
easyrawlins1::Don't know about that.  What's W's record in San Antone?
dwighthowardsamazing::28 game losing streak
easyrawlins1::Kinda concerned about Landry.  Energy level seems down.  Hope he can play through it.  A top sub.
OaklandRaiderFan925::Good stuff Warriors!!!  Keep it rollin' vs. San Antonio baby!!!
SB4LlFE::2 bl0wouts in a row... that bulls game must have changed their mentality
the.city.::yee moving that point differential toward the positive!
nihkkah::LOL I've been thinking the same thing for a while now.
Sethforte1::It's sad as a Hornets fan knowing that no one on this team would start for any other team in the league. Hornets need help. New coaching would help in my opinion.
yesir504::Ur silly bro not sure ur really a hornets fan either saying that...Davis is a top 5 pf in this league at this very moment...Gordon is finally staying healthy n is just starting to adjust to game speed and energy...by next year with a full healthy off season under him he can be back in true form...we just need a dam competent pg n sf which we can pick up in draft (smart,porter,shabazz or mclemore if we r lucky) of course mclemore would mean goodbye Gordon which I'm totally ok with...we have tons of cap space for free agency also with demps we r just fine...we r in tank mode right now either get used to it or don't bother watching the rest of this year
yesir504::I'm ok with Gordon being gone as long as his replacement is as good or better
dwighthowardsamazing::I want Gordon gone and either olidipo or porter
dwighthowardsamazing::Davis would and sadly that lemonheaded fool Eric Gordon would and coaching isn't the problem its talent
nihkkah::Great win Dubs, it was against a struggling NO team, but still a good win.
easyrawlins1::Any win on the road is sweet.
tman8010::This win helped secure the Warrior's spot in the playoffs.
Oaktown1029::I got this feeling we're bout to break that  28 game winless streak at the Alamo Dome on Wednesday. Go Dubs.
guerillakush::So many teams have such obnoxious nba fans
guerillakush::Hey you Warrior fans are alright, curry is a hell of a player. Hopefully next time will get ya =]
TheUltimateMasterofTheWorld::The Spurs don't overpower you. They outplay you. Their style of gameplay is unmatched. Most teams don't win 28 games in a row against a team with just luck. They almost beat the Heat earlier in the season while resting Ginobili, Parker, and Duncan.
yesir504::Popovich is best coach in nba..period
thomascedill::We actually have a good chance at winning. Portland won by I think 30 a few days ago. I have a feeling Curry is going to torch their PG, but whenever you have Duncan it's going to be tough.
dustybakerowesme::No Parker, right?
nihkkah::Yea Parker won't be playing, it still should be a good game.
Oaktown1029::nope.
_Bruins_ Fever_::celtics 82 heat 78  end of 3rd quarter
snoopysdogghouse::now this is the Bogut we all want to see!
21xxxv::Hornets need to cut bait with their head coach. Team has no clue.
OAK619::The Dubs return to playing D and start winning on the road. Just like the start of the season. Not a coincidence.
dustybakerowesme::Bogut.
dreballs50::Bogut is back baby!
johnbadrov::Keep Davis and get rid of the rest of the team. 0 points in over 7 minutes to end the game. This is comical. This team has nothing. Get rid of all of them.
mojart::more ping pong ball coming
iloseeverybet::HAHAHAHAHAHAH
vegasneverloses::you are a loser lol
thomascedill::If the Warriors keep playing this way, I really like their chances in the playoffs. Bogut is playing very well and continues to improve. When our shots fall and our bench produces, we are very capable of winning against a team like the Clippers. If we hold on to the 6th and the Clips stay at 3rd, we can surprise people. We are 3-1 against them and for some reason we match up well. Go Warriorssss
TheUltimateMasterofTheWorld::I think we have a good chance of beating the Clippers. The important thing is to get to that sixth spot.
_Neanderthal Hipster 3.0_::cmon lee, one more rebound ;)
iloseeverybet::PAY ME NOWWWWWWWWWWWWWW HAHAHAHA GOLDEN STATE SECOND HALF LOCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
vegasneverloses::he lost lol
Morgus61::Gambling Problem?  1-800-Hel-pmeplease.
iloseeverybet::AAHHAHAHHAHAHA NICE TRY , LOCK ME UP BABY +.5
vegasneverloses::you have the hornets lol
iloseeverybet::hahahahhahahAHAHAHAHAHH EASIEST MONEY EVER THANK YOU PAY ME
kcchen_us::if only if Klay Thompson can shoot consistently, this Warrors team will have much better record
dustybakerowesme::He's getting there. His defense has been really good this season too.
mojart::is nnamdi a new orleans saints already?
dwighthowardsamazing::Nope they met but no deal has been reached. I really like this Keenan lewis we just signed from Pittsburgh
thomascedill::Curry Sniping 3's
iloseeverybet::HAHAHA GODEN STATE 2ND HALF FREEE MONEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY PAY ME NOWWWWWWWW
jookyclutz::put in lee and curry for the kill -- they dont even have a back to back.  wtf
SFWildcard::i understand that your money is on the Warriors tonight
SB4LlFE::they played last night
Oaktown1029::Warriors averaging 84 field goals a game (9nth) but only once in the last 6 games have they surpassed that (last night -96). Tonight, they'll barely break 70. Turnovers don't help but I believe Jackson's dictating the pace depending on opponent.
iloseeverybet::THIS WAS SUCH EASY MONEY IT WAS PRACTICALLY FREE LOL
Future ESPN Analysts Manti Teo and Pacman Jones::The worst thing about today's technology?  It allowed us to see Hurricane Katrina coming, so all the welfare sucking ni.gg.ers were able to get to safety before it hit.
FSoccer::Actually, the welfare ni.gge.ers you're talking about were warned but they didn't move to safety themselves. They waited for the government to do that for them.
iloseeverybet::LETS GO WARRIORIS SECOND HALF +.5 FOR ALL THE $$$$$$ LOCK IT UP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FSoccer::Darius Miller 23min, 0  pts  Hey, Darius, hate to break it to you, but you won't be playing in the NBA next season
bigbluenation90::that's wrong
Future ESPN Analysts Manti Teo and Pacman Jones::New Orleans should flood again.  it's just a bunch of welfare ni.gg.ers and trash.
aaron.bro_::wow Las Vegas really calling this game in Hornets favor.
43cojack::Curry good real good just turns the ball over to much!!
the.city.::come on curry. way too many turnovers this season
the.city.::his turnovers have skyrocketed after all star break
dustybakerowesme::Except it's not realistic. Again... trust the sample size. You only think he's turning the ball over way more because you only remember the 6 TO games. Again... they have barely increased over the course of the season... and they are only a tick above his career numbers.
the.city.::i'm just being realistic. look at his game log. many many games with 6+ turnovers. he's my fav player but doesn't excuse turnovers
dustybakerowesme::He's getting doubled every night. Skyrocketed? They have gone from 2.6 to 3.1. Sample size is your friend.
dustybakerowesme::Only 3.1 on the season. Tonight is ugly TO-wise though.
_Neanderthal Hipster 3.0_::sigh*
