Firehands44::mcgee get my vote for MIP
77Bruce2150::Kawhi Leonard is a BEAST !!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_t9oyyeo8A
JD4REAL::If Nuggets can win at home in the playoffs like they did during regular season, they going to be a problem for  anybody.
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>Spurs eliminated first round! Dont worry about those Has Beens!</b>
JD4REAL::Spurs are my team. Most winning team in all major sports in last 12 years. But I respect the Nuggets, gotta a lot of swagger and run!. I can see them in the conference finals, they are definitely a 2nd round team at least.
Hydropants101::@RAndy  how come you say real fans when your one of those band wagoners who like to make fun of other teams I think overall Nuggets have one of the best fan bases in the NBA
Randy.Rhoads::suck it b
fieldscsco::Remember this?;)  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdmsNA6yhXY
SPURS FANS ARE MAD::<b> </b>
Trace2010::Watched the game last night.  Nuggets played great D and Spurs played flat out bad.  Don't know what it was, but I haven't seen so many unforced errors in one game- instances where the ball was just dropped or fumbled by one team or the other.
77Bruce2150::Was looking at Tiago Splitter who for some reason can't secure a rebound so it seems. Our role players did not make the shots they should have sunked. SMH.
Spurz2013champs::<i> inhale cough cough </i> Nuggets gonna win it all, im telling you <i>puff puff</i>   -Typical Nugg fan
Frankcee78::Sounds like your choking on dirt, or it might be something else ?
SPURS FANS ARE MAD::http://scores.espn.go.com/nba/boxscore?gameId=310429029
SPURS FANS ARE MAD::LOLOLOLOLOL
nolanroth::he can't even spell "Spurs."  Take it easy on him
denverboi1993::Please, you're just jealous because our weed is better than yours.
Randy.Rhoads::turdnugs love the D
sports-1-on-1::Dam you still here, what a losers   Got a job ?, oh wait ..still living in mommy basement hahaha
Randy.Rhoads::LOL, youre still here too dumass. lmfao gotta love these turdnugs
Randy.Rhoads::turdnugs suck
Randy.Rhoads::title-less loser bums  act like uve been there
NuggNation::Spurs will be "acting" for years to come bc they won't get there again anytime soon.
Dtravieso::guess you are only one left.  thought I'd have some fun.  You are boring and not worth my time.  bye bye
sports-1-on-1::Randy.Rhoads - dirty browns  Lakers&gt; your team Own the sperms in playoffs  16-4  You mad? Hahahahahaha
Randy.Rhoads::dirty browns
Dtravieso::Spurs and Lakers (team and fans). . . "well I remember when. . . what was I sayin.. . .Hey, you kids, get off my lawn."
Randy.Rhoads::Nugs have 0 real fans. because the nuggets are title-less loser bums.
Randy.Rhoads::im hyer than a mafuka
charlie hustle bets the over::bath salts, one would assume.
Randy.Rhoads::one would be correctamoondo
texican_10::Good game Nuggs maybe we will meet later on. I'm out!!!
8486Chase::Talons are 7.5 point underdogs to Tampa
NuggNation::Spurs will get used to watching Javale, Chandler and Faried block old TImmy's shots everytime come round 2!  He got 2 shots shoved right back in his face all on one series in last nights game.  Then got dunked on by Chandler.  Most satisfying win over the spurs in a while
NuggNation::Knock on your thick wooden skull?  Its probably filled with cobwebs you old spurs fan fart
NuggNation::Nice stats Randy Rhoads....did any of that help them win???   I don't think so!  They were better off when Blair entered the game.  Duncan can't handle Javale
Randy.Rhoads::Duncan had 17 pts in 27 minutes and shot 50 percent. dumass
Randy.Rhoads::knock on this. biotch!
NuggNation::Duncan was completely shut down as soon as Javale entered the game....  If he is your primary offensive weapon good luck!  Can't wait til the nuggs knock your old farts out the playoffs for good
charlie hustle bets the over:::)
charlie hustle bets the over::rather just enjoy the scoreboard.
Randy.Rhoads::omg!! rebounds!! throw a rebound parade guys!!
charlie hustle bets the over::lol our SG/SF (chandler) had more rebounds than splitter and duncan combined.
texican_10::Yo I'm back on the blocks
Dtravieso::Ugh Spur trools (tool trolls).  After Andre missed a layup and we lost by one it was "the Spurs dominated."  Now after coming back from 14 down and b' slapping them it's "Nuggets were lucky and s uck"
Randy.Rhoads::run from facts, we get it. this is your superbowl.
Randy.Rhoads::taste me, dont waste me  -spurs to nugs
charlie hustle bets the over::none of your insults make a lick of sense.  as an anonymous espn poster, i am legitimately concerned for your mental health.   many of your posts have been non sequitur, many have just been bat sh** crazy.  please, seek professional help.
charlie hustle bets the over::there again.  i can't tell if you're saying i'm mad (i'm not, scoreboard), or you're mad.  seek help, please.  think of your family.
Randy.Rhoads::LOL MAD!!! trolololed!
colosportsman::Mad over the whoopin' the Nuggets laid on you huh..Spurs fans...All the classy Spurs fans have left this thread. All that is left is Spurs trolls.
colosportsman::oh by the way ..I am not referring to you AustinBeal..You seem to be a pretty good guy..
colosportsman::Nuggets got quite a few compliments last night from Spurs fans who actually do have some class...after the game. Not expecting that from any of this crowd..Guess I will mosy over to the next games thread...Nothing to see here.
Spurz2013champs::Having STD &gt; Being a nug fan
NuggNation::well that dirty city you call San Antonio will definitely give you an STD.
charlie hustle bets the over::class class class
sbanuelo88::very mature.
AustinBeal::The offense will run a lot smoother once Parker and Ginobili are back on the floor. Nando de Colo and Cory Joseph do a decent job at PG while Tony and Manu are out, but having to run the offense with Gary Neal and Patty Mills at PG is like pulling teeth.   No worries about this game, we just need to get healthy for the playoffs and we'll be good.  GG Nuggets fans, even though by the looks of it you like to stereotype us as old and delusional. Y'all played a good game, but there are more important games coming in about a week so dont get too excited about a reg. season game
larshook::Good game. I hope we see each other in round 2!
larshook::Slapping Spurs fans around is almost as much fun as watching the Nuggs run their old butts off the court last night.
sbanuelo88::Schooling idiot SA fans is too easy! It's amazing how delusional they are. I think its the alzheimer's
popsthebest::Nuggets have loosing record on the road don't forget
larshook::Spurs fans have a spelling deficiency...don't forget. And the Spurs have been losing a lot more on the road than the Nuggets lately. 12-15...ouch.
charlie hustle bets the over::nuggets 7-4 L11  spurs 3-7 L10  spurs are picking a bad time to go cold on the road
larshook::Actually they're just old on the road.
sbanuelo88::SA is 13-9 the last 22 games! 0-5 the last 5 road games LOL! 21-3 stretch for the NUGGS!
charlie hustle bets the over::spurs shot 4-21 from 3 (19%), but no, no, they lost because boris diaw wasn't on the floor.  LOL
charlie hustle bets the over::lol our SG/SF (chandler) had more rebound than splitter and duncan combined.
larshook::One is old and the other is slow...doesn't surprise me.
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>Heat VS Nuggets NBA Finals Its FANTASTIC!</b>
larshook::I'm surprised Spurs fans can even talk with all those crow feathers stuck between their teeth.
Spurz2013champs::Nuggets are <i>puff puff</i> gonna win it all this year <i>exhale</i>  -Nugg fans
NuggNation::Spurs fans are gonna be running back across the border once they realize their team is in rebuilding mode for the next decade.  Hope you like beans and rice
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>SA is 13-9 the last 22 games! LMAO!</b>
Spurz2013champs::ok and?
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>See above!</b>
sbanuelo88::don't bring up facts. SA doesn't like that. They'll just bring up old rings or try and say they'll actually be relevant in a few weeks.
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>They'll be ELIMINATED in a couple of weeks! That's For SURE!</b>
FeFyeFoeRun::<b>Why do the Spurs Choke Every Year?</b>
Randy.Rhoads::so............ howd i taste  -spurs to nugs in postseason
sbanuelo88::And more dumb comments.....
charlie hustle bets the over::the dude ate paint chips as a kid, i'm convinced.
larshook::Gotta get there first...the way you guys been playing over the last 20...you're chances aren't looking so good.
Spurz2013champs::MMMMMMM! Good like always   - Nuggs
Randy.Rhoads::lol salty  -turdnugs
sbanuelo88::Spurs fans make me laugh. They can't comprehend facts and make dumb remarks. And when they get schooled by facts they remain quiet or refer to old rings.
Spurz2013champs::fact remains Nuggs will not win a playoff series
Spurz2013champs::pretty accurate
sbanuelo88::dumb remark. That has no value. Thanks for proving my point! Too easy
larshook::Like....Laker fans?
larshook::It's OK Waaandy the 2 seed fits you guys well.
27toothless27::Cry baby spur fans should go troll the next board. YOU GOT YOUR A SS BEAT LAST NIGHT! DEAL WITH IT
8486Chase::Or that, lmao
8486Chase::Rockets won't beat us, and i dont have a ps3
KyleFurtner::Lol you're talking $@%! online.. Nerd
Randy.Rhoads::you play video games? nerd
sports-1-on-1::Ok Xbox lmao
8486Chase::You'lle be crying when we win the finals
sports-1-on-1::In ps3
Randy.Rhoads::Enjoy the season...while it lasts
sports-1-on-1::First round exit lmao
Spurz2013champs::Nugg fans are sounding like......................like nugget fans. Always crying, mad at the world because Denver can never win anything. Must suck to be a Nugg fan
GBR0956::We have wont 54 games this season. So technically we have won 54 things this year alone
larshook::Whooped up on the "mighty" Spurs pretty good last night.
sbanuelo88::SA is 13-9 the last 22 games! OOOOHHH the west is so scared LOL! 21-3 stretch for the NUGGS!  Pretty good right now!
larshook::An awful lot of tissues being used in SA. I hope there's not a shortage.
sbanuelo88::they can use those whack spurs jerseys after
sbanuelo88::Please live in the present and see your team is barely above .500 the past 20 games.
sports-1-on-1::Randy.Rhoads - Spurs 4 time NBA champ jerseys  Living in the past hahahahaha
Spurz2013champs::or the multiple garbage, useless Denver jerseys
Randy.Rhoads::Spurs 4 time NBA champ jerseys
Randy.Rhoads::a mass shortage of tampax in denbrick
8486Chase::sports-1-on-1 spurs fan Cryboys fan living in the past hahahaha  I hate Dallas, and the Spurs are gonna win the finals
8486Chase::This year
sports-1-on-1::Fail hahahah
sbanuelo88::dumb
sports-1-on-1::When was the last time your went to the finals lol
sbanuelo88::SA is 13-9 the last 22 games! OOOOHHH the west is so scared LOL! 21-3 stretch for the NUGGS!
Randy.Rhoads::lol no one scared of your injured team of girls.
Randy.Rhoads::you know nothing troll
sports-1-on-1::Randy.Rhoads - oh so youre worthless. cool  My life &gt; your sad life
Randy.Rhoads::oh so youre worthless. cool
sports-1-on-1::Randy.Rhoads - says the lumberjack in colorado  L A bit ch
Randy.Rhoads::says the lumberjack in colorado
sports-1-on-1::Ahh shut up redneck
sports-1-on-1::8486 s t f u. B itch your team suck hahah
rr2300::When the Nuggets were down 14-0 to start.. I stated:  the nuggets will regroup and win by 10 + pts.    GO NUGGETS    #iwasneverworried
larshook::Spurs fans are sounding like Lakers fans...We won championships!! Is that the standard old and slow excuse?
nuggetzalltheway23::"Spurs will slow you down in the playoffs like they did to L.A. in 2003!"   "Nuggets lost to the Hornets 3 weeks ago!! Hahaha they suck!!!"  "Spurs will beat the Nuggets in the playofs just like we did 8 years ago!!!"  ..You know your team is legit when the ignorant fans of San Antonio have to go back years ago and weeks ago for a lose. LOL Thanks Spurs fans! You just helped everyone else believe that Denver is for real! Thanks!
Randy.Rhoads::LOL turdnugs fans think Randy Rhoads is from the WWE  http://youtu.be/ZcoweoZ6jpM?t=3m19s  FOOLS
27toothless27::Not sure anyone cares who you are.
Randy.Rhoads::your fellow dumass turdnugs did
larshook::If you were older than 12 you would know this.
larshook::Sure did, Randy Rhodes was a wrestler for many years. I know this because I met him. I believe he was smarter than you as well.
Randy.Rhoads::you sure didnt
sports-1-on-1::spurs fan Cryboys fan living in the past hahahaha
larshook::Spurs are just too old and too slow. It's just the way of the world.
27toothless27::Yep cant run with Nuggs. Thats just how it is
8486Chase::All San Antonio teams&gt; lakers
sports-1-on-1::16 rings your team
27toothless27::YOU ARE SCARED!
8486Chase::Why should i be afraid of a team that sucks
Spurz2013champs::yeah no
Spurz2013champs::every team West of San Antonio is a complete joke
