Jaime M::Nice to see the team coming together.  Collison is getting more comfortable.  Dudley a little more slowly, but I can see him getting there as the season goes on.  Nice adjustment to go head and put Crawford in the starting lineup.  Willie Green is a pro.  He will contribute where he can, and understands his role.  The challenge will be when Redick gets back...trying to figure out the rotation.  But Doc has made some nice coaching decisions that will continue to pay off as the Clippers mature.
PKM::Kevin Martin turnover at the end of regulation ended up losing the game.
OneWiseWoman::Minnesota Timberwolves Games: Kevin Love vs. Opponents. Occasionally, somebody will offer Love some support, but that's quite rare!
Ben::One more star player and the Wolves are contenders.
Wasp::My thoughts...Helluva game to watch. Cool to see 5 UCLA Bruins on the floor at the same time. Barnes is a thug. Love is awesome. Martin stepped on Paul's foot which caused the crucial turnover. Rubio has no confidence in his shot.
sqiuggy::How did Minnesota lose that game?
david::Wow does Rubio have to go, sorry but he cant even shoot, he not is not even a threat on the floor. I have to say that I believe they were doing much better with JJ running the ball, at least he can shoot and will attack. Minnesota would be a real threat if they had a guard, just horrible in the lead guard position. Get a real threat guard, and this team is one of top 10 or dare I say top 5.
Richard::This team does not need the likes of Matt Barnes. He's a hot-headed thug. He sat out several games with an injury, and they did ok without him. He comes back and gets thrown out. Smart move. This team (Clippers) is very immature.
clint::Wolves, talk about assumption biting you in the butt, where were Martin's teammates to help him with a place for him to throw the ball out of the double team? Nice win/steal Clippers.
HIP2CLIP::Minnesota has the hardest time finding points. Why can't they find one? Collison would be a big step up for them.
