elibird123::You people crack me up. It seems Kobe haters have short term memory. All they focus on is the past few games. Last few years doesn't count. Last year doesn't count. 53 games played &amp; Kobe's had a shooting slump in a few of them. Aha!, those games prove it, those are the only games that count! See Kobe is no good!    Kobe haters...give me a break
ZachC1965::Without Kobe's god-awul bricklaying LA doesn't NEED any heroics at the end...they're ahead by 20!  Worst player in the league these days? Has to be Kobe...
Thomas31::Don't ever compare this goof to His Airness....  BULLS
Allen6338::For all of you people that seem to be concern about efficent shooting of Kobe. Kobe does not care like you do he plays through injuries meaning sometimes he should be resting but he still plays. What matters is this he makes more money than any of you haters and still you found time to post about him. Everybody always comparing him to Jordan if he was such a loser why compare. The haters need to realize one main thing no matter what you say about KObe after it is all said and done he will be in the Hall Of Fame and considered one of the best. I give you my permission to SUCK IT UP IDIOTS:(
edelspot::I can only speak for myself, but I'm sure others might agree...it ain't that we hate kobe. He's just overated...and God forbid that makes us haters and brings Kobetards to his defense. So we post some more. Does that clarify things? You a Kobetard or not?
mawright04::FUN FACT: Kobe is a very efficient shooter.
VT--Engineer::Kobe is the worst shooting SG in history.  Go look at Jordan's FG% ~50% lifetime and then look at Kobe's.  It is barely 40%.  What a loser!  ;)
elibird123::Obviously, you need to go back to school. You're not very good at math. Jordan is 49%  Kobe is 45%  10 for 20 is 50%  9 for 20 is 45%  On average that means Jordan would score 1 more basket per game than Kobe would.   Jordan unlike Kobe got more in game dunks and layups. Unlike Prince James, Jordan and Kobe actually had to make superior footwork and moves to get their dunks and layups, where as Prince James is the recipient of a lot of run outs
mhsmustang1::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U616sib8v-Y  worst shooting guard in history has a 6 and a half minute montage of buzzer beaters?(as of 2009) get real.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::THE LAKERS STILL SUCK!!!!!
JK Belvi 2008::Unfortunately, Kobe can't win more games than loose with these types of shooting performances - especially when they get into the playoffs. Sure, great "single" victory which means nothing in the long run if he is allowed to keep this up. His shooting percentage is starting to become comical.
joemcleod83::They have one of the worst benches in the history of the NBA so he doesn't have much of a choice but to keep jacking up shots. Who else is gonna shoot? Troy Murphy? Metta World Peace? LOL.. Their team is a joke after their best 4 players.
LAndofTroyfan2::Kobe is still a great talent &amp; yes he is past his prime. He really needs to lay off jacking up shot after shot, The ball needs to be in the PGs hands to create for the rest, as soon as KB gets his hands on it he'll just jack up a difficult shot. He is no longer the 1st option, Bynum and Gasol need the ball first and demand it, until KB can accept that this team will continue to struggle.
Nana7664::Agree, and that has been the problem for quite some time.  Bynum being healthier now, he and Gasol are the core of team and with Session's help (as he gets into the groove) good things happen.  KB has a really difficult time accepting that he should not, can not, better not be the "one and only".  Sadly, that appears tp be the only identity he has for himself on and off the court.  And if it doesn't change, they're going down &amp; he'll be instrumental in taking them there.
dro1964::How funny as Kobe the ballhog now gets portrayed as the hero for gunning his way to a 3-21 performance.
Nana7664::We've been seeing it happen over time.  The true heros of that game are Bynum and Gasol, especially Gasol.  (Bynum plows thru but his bball IQ doesn't come close to Pau's &amp; lately I think he needs glasses for some of his passes!  Anyway, it's past time that so many people are starstruck by KB.  It's a TEAM, for God's sake.
mac90062::The LA media stays bombarding Kobe due to his recent drop in shooting efficiency.  Hero?  Naw, call it the "Black Mamba."   He earned his do-whatever-you-want-on-the-court -and-shoot-as-often-as-you-like badge.  81 points ring a bell?  No... How about 5 rings.  Ballhog or not, we live and die thru the Kobe System...   Your welcome
JK Belvi 2008::RIP.
edelspot::Kobe and Dick Cheney were working border patrol one day. Hundreds of illegals swarmed the border in a mass rush. Kobe and Dick fired off 5000 rounds. The official casualty report included 20 dead cactus, 3 armadillos, 2 rattlers, and a beverage vendor in a hoodie. The illegals were last seen heading further north...the vendor is seeking justice.
edelspot::The only difference between Kobe and Dick Cheney is Kobe's shooting hasn't drawn any blood.
Allen6338::grow up p r i c k  head........
edelspot::Me grow up??? Care to do some more name calling? How old are you...15? Yea the name calling hurts. Go do your school work child. Don't forget to drool on Kobes picture before you go to sleep.
Allen6338::He has drawn notice and your stupid comment fron your bloody stupid fingers idiot:)
edelspot::Awww. Somebody got their schphincter all bunched up? No worries bro. If kobe came lookin for me I'd just stand there. He'd miss.
Wide Right Again::Kobe continues to disappoint.  I say they should trade him ASAP.  He does not have the ability to get to the line.  At this stage in his career he needs to drive just to get fouled.  The poor shooting from outside will cost the Lakers a chance to win in the playoffs.  Too bad that he ran Shaq out of town in his prime.  We could have so many more championships.
Allen6338::Wide Right Again you are stupid and you do not know basketball stop posting nonsense. Kobe has a NO TRADE CLAUSE.  Shaq could not workout it was not Kobes fault how many championship did  Shaq when after leaving a s s hole. Kobe will bounce back what will your dumb a s s be posting then:(
Nana7664::he has a no-trade clause in his contract.
mac90062::Calm down. Trade him ASAP, are you insane or just stupid??  Continues to disappoint?  Have you not see what the Lakers have done in the past 5 years, without the Diesel?  Every shooter has "dry-spells" and the last time I checked, Kobe is still human.  I hope youre not from LA... that would be a disappointment.....
LAndofTroyfan2::It was difficult, a little resentment toward him though and a little anger with KB.
NOVABuffalo::As a Spurs fan, when Shaq left it was a great day.
Shub2308::It's funny to me to hear all these people on here talk about Kobe. We all know he is past his prime but to try and discredit the man for all his accomplishments is ridiculous. We all know his fg% this year and career, so what it's in the mid 40's. I guarantee you that people like Charles Barkley or Lebron James would trade their fg % with Kobe for a ring. These so called basketball fans that hate really are jealous and envious. If you ask current and former players they will tell you how good Kobe is. Even magic Johnson himself said Kobe is the best laker of all time. Michael Jordan said kobe is the closest player to him since he left the game. What more do y'all want?
mac90062::Kobe is in a league of his own. He'll never be MJ, or Magic, or whoever you want to compare him with.  He is paving his own legacy.
Nana7664::Yeah, his legacy as an egomanical rapist, who puts his desires above anyone elses
NOVABuffalo::Kobe is a great talent, but most people are just plain tired of the national media bias supporting Lakers, Knicks, Heat and Celtics.  There are quality teams in other parts of the NBA, but you can't tell that based on ESPN coverage.  BTW ... I'm a Spurs fan.
drmcfunk::If Kobe is past his prime at 33 then he has problems
drmcfunk::Kobe is not in the same ballpark
drmcfunk::No what we are talking about is Michael Jordan at 33 leading his team to a 72-10 season. Other teams have played more games and even the San Antonio Spurs have older players than Kobe and are still vastly superior. Kobe is just a whiner
tradeit02::Nobody wins a title alone...so what are you talking about?
drmcfunk::Haha you brought up Magic and Jordan and even though they say that we all know its not true. And you guys act like Kobe won the title alone when it was all bigs (Shaq, Pau, Andrew) and Phil Jackson being brilliant. And it goes to show you Kobe doesnt have consistency or age well.
Shub2308::We are not talking about mj why bring him up
Shub2308::Your just a hater
Over One Million Owned::Without Kobe the Lakers would be at least a 2 seed and maybe a 1.
Ironmanxrs2::You're so dumb on so many levels.
Shub2308::Without your mom and I you wouldn't be here son
Over One Million Owned::The lowest fg% for any scoring title winner was Iverson at 46%fg Kobe..........42%  Wow!
Allen6338::How many titles did Iverson win dummy:(
edelspot::Since 1980, the only player to lead NBA in scoring, without at least making top 10 in PER is Iverson. Kobe is currently first in scoring and 17th in PER. We're talking historic territory here folks. Kobe and the ultimate shot chucker in the same sentence.
Shub2308::Hater
Carl8221::How the lakers continue to win in spite of kobe is remarkable!
Over One Million Owned::The bigs................story of Kobe's career
Over One Million Owned::Just sad to watch this guy desprately try to win a scoring title @42%fg
cbreland25::why do people still consistently refer to kobe as one of the game's great closers when every statistic you look at says he's not, and that the lakers would be better off just running their offense.  one of the worst plays in basketball is kobe bryant just pounding the ball in isolations at the end of a game.
Over One Million Owned::Kobe is a joke and we all know it
A- dude playing the dude disguised as another dude::FAIL, YOU MUST BE TALKING ABOUT LEJOKE, HOW STILL A JOKE IN NBA
lchancsula::With the addition of Ramon Sessions, I think Lakers starting 5 is as good as anyone in the NBA. I think they are just as good as OKC, MIA, SA, and CHI. IMO.. if I just look at the starting 5, the Lakers are as good as OKC's and MIA's starting 5; better than SA and CHI. The bench will be the Lakers' achilles heel. I think Matt barnes is a great backup SF for the Lakers... but the rest of the bench players maybe the worst in the NBA. The Lakers have Blake playing 23min a game and McRoberts and Murphy playing backup to Gasol and Bynum?! It will be very difficult to win 4 games against OKC or SA with the way the bench is playing. I think Bynum and Gasol are the best PF/C combo.. but if anyone of them is sitting on the bench... the Lakers will no longer have its advantage. Anyways... It will be a very interesting playoff for the Lakers.
Mr.Lyrical::Hey spectre LeBron sucks you really troll the Laker boards huh. Dude was at the Kobe feeling fatigue board just a lil while ago and even people that hate Kobe were getting tired of his $@%.
CbadLancer14::To say Kobe snt top 25 qll ime is a joke. he isnt a lock for top 10 but youre fooling yourself if you dint think hes top 15 at the least. you are only considering him as his form right now or pre 2001 and ignoring a lot of historically good basketball for an entire decade. what a joke. sure you can say lebron is better but cmon kobe is top 20 easily wiyh his eyses clothed. top 15 no question. also lebron needs to grow some balls and hair
liquiditytrap::Praise Kobe all you want for that last 3-pointer he made and his "Keep shooting" mentality; however, had he stopped shooting earlier in the game and gone 0-10 from the field, the Lakers probably would have won 100-85.
CbadLancer14::oh yeah. its not one or hte other. He sucked all game. but he hit the game winnre .idk im pretty swarted but i was like kobe dont sohoot a 3. but he made it. he sucks lately but he needs dude he mDSW that 3 to win the game like kobe of old. pretty cool. idk we mY Be able to make the WCFs. we'll see
Inbound_the_Ball::The thing you have to remember is come playoff time, we'll be well rested, we'll be very prepared, <b>we'll have a lot of size and we have speed now with (Ramon) Sessions and it's a matchup problem for a lot of people. -Kobe </b>  Even Kobe can't bring himself to lie right now and call himself a matchup problem. Haha. The Lakers advantage ever since Pau came to town has always been their size and length. Just like when Shaq was there dominating. The greatest strength of the Lakers is their size and the fact that they have two high quality big men, which is two more high quality big men than many teams in the league have. That's what sets them apart. That's what the opposing coaches fear, and that's what puts them over  the top. A 45% shooter doesn't put the Lakers over the top. Never has, never will. Hasn't even come close to putting them over the top when he was actually the best player on the team.
Nana7664::Yet, who got the final glory for the game?  Not Pau who really shined...barely a media peep about that.  It's revolting.
lamriverside8::APRIL FOOLS  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nR13sKCIRnQ
lamriverside8::What should he DO??   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nR13sKCIRnQ
lamriverside8::april fools!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lamriverside8::why not ]= sighh
Iamtheone0594::Does anybody really ever click on links that are posted here?   I know that I don't
meats29::It's very amusing to come on here and read all of the hatred towards 2 of the greatest basketball players that we will ever see.
Spectre Status::I can name 20 players better than Kobe Bryant.  I can only name 1 player who you can say is better than LeBron James.  So $@%! Kobe Bryant.
Saint305XL::Naming 20 players better than Kobe isn't hard. Yeah, he's good, but nowhere near the greatest. He isn't even in my top 25 all time.
meats29::You can name 20 players better than Kobe all time? Go ahead and list them and i'll tell you if i agree or not.
Los Ganjales::True I didn't use to hate on Kobe, but I got used to it by needing to constantly defend attacks from being a Lebron fan.
meats29::Understandable, yet it never gets anywhere because neither side will listen to the other one or back down from anything they say.
KaliGuy010::People can HATE on KOBE all they want. he has 5 rings. dont FAZE him one bit.
Los Ganjales::Cool glad to know I can keep on hating.
lamriverside8::What should he DO??   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nR13sKCIRnQ
Shawn Kemps my Dad::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0
Amaze76er::Lol dude this kobe hater has no life he keeps changing his user name and posting the same jokes over n over...atleast be smart enuff to not repeat yourself so we cant figure out is u with 5different user names.. Lol
Los Ganjales::But no sadly this is my only account...just felt the need to drop by and inform you.
Amaze76er::lol ^^ he knows I know
Los Ganjales::There is no such thing as an Amazing 76er
Mr Calogero::Here's for all the Bron haters: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyd4NPvzKQg&amp;feature=related
Los Ganjales::Right now Lebron &gt; Kobe.  3, hell even 2 years ago I wouldn't say so but after the past couple seasons, it's actually true now.
PutYouOn::stop slurpin
Los Ganjales::Kobe had enough bricks to rebuild the 2 houses he's gonna lose to Vanessa.
PutYouOn::that b i t c h is bad
-KING-ME-::i'm out gn all
Amaze76er::Lebron dont have to worried about any bricks anymore since he has that on lock already to be known and always by the name lechoke lebrick...
Shawn Kemps my Dad::that's still better than being known as "chris bosh"
Spectre Status::Kobe said in the offseason that he was thinking about retiring.  Maybe he will after this season.  Things aren't looking up for him.
tedctlai::Then Lakers can use the 30M salary savings to get them Deron and Howard. Then trade Bynum for some draft picks.
Amaze76er::I like how durant destroy lebrick last weeknd but espn try to cover it up...but if it was the other way around..espn will have like 10articles about lechoke and a headline saying durant no challenge for the king lebron...lmao pathetic espn...
Inbound_the_Ball::Only 1055 more missed shots for Kobe til he sets the all time brick record. At the rate he's shooting now, he'll reach that mark by the end of next season. Go Kobe Go!    The record for all-time brick master is almost yours!!
LakersMMMMM::kobe playing like the 105 year old lady he met today
Mr Calogero::What's with all these haters now a days? No love for basketball I can see. Smh.
Amaze76er::If shaq n lebron were in the same team...the percentage of them wining a title would be 0% since both suck in crunch time and both suck from the freetrow line..no closer it would be hack attack on both ..l ol l
Spectre Status::No Eric Gordon, no Chris Kaman, no Trevor Ariza, no Carl Landry.  The Lakers were playing a D-league team at home and struggling mightily.  Embarrassing.  14%
Amaze76er::Lebrick at age 30 would be a bench player...no foot work no jump shot no midrange game no post game...sucks from the freetrow line and maybe like 3,000 more travels a season..
Shawn Kemps my Dad::i think he'll be wearing a skullcap at age 30
Lebron_is_the_greatest::If lebron had a prime shaq he would've won a lot more than 3 rings. Instead, he was stuck with the fat on mcdonalds shaq. Kobe was so horrible that he ran shaq out of town when he bricked their chances in 04
-KING-ME-::please shut up already
AccountNumber21::Just think how good the Lakers would be without Kobe
Inbound_the_Ball::I don't want to imagine it. I hope Kobe stays in the starting lineup for 5+ more years and keeps taking 20+ shots a game. The Lakers without him would be a guaranteed lock for the championship. And that's just with subtracting Kobe and giving G-Lock more minutes. They wouldn't even need to pick up another player.
Mr Calogero::Another sad story is Brandon Roy. That guy was amazing and Portland was on the rise of becoming a serious contender.
-KING-ME-::I really feel for him. When healthy he was a superstar player
Lebron_is_the_greatest::How many times does kobe have to brick before he makes a shot? Apparently 18 times.
-KING-ME-::another player who was great in his prime but injuries messed up his career. Grant Hill
rackem_smackemm::Metta World Peace is more clutch in the Finals than LeBron. That pretty much ends the entire discussion right there. Good Night now....
Spectre Status::Metta World Peace is also more clutch in the Finals than Kobe.
