tyrekeisabeastkobenot::yyyyyyyyyyyy
clam608::"As long as Kobe still wears a basketball jersey I don't think the Suns will ever win a single game against him"  Alvin Gentry
Phineos::So if I write "He's not going to be our last G.O.L.E.M,"  This $@%!$ version isn't accepted.  Strange.
EpicPicks::some bug in the AI moderators algorithm to catch banned phrases no doubt.
Phineos::Two decades...based of their 31 Finals appearances? Kobe was responsible for 7 trips.  He's not going to be our last $@%!$.
EpicPicks::Well said.
Sundevils747::As soon as Kobe retires, the Lakers are going to be nobodies for the following two decades.
Phineos::Coming from a Sun Devil, the pre-CP3 Clippers of college basketball.
EpicPicks::In your dreams :) Kobe is Kobe but LA is still LA.  There will be a transition period no doubt, but the stars and would be stars are still going to flock there.  The only way they're nobodies for 20 years is if California falls into the Pacific ocean.  And even then, people will be talking about it for 20 years....
mike etheridge::LA NUGGETS lose out on JR SMITH thus not completing the reunion of kenyon billups smith TRIO kobe torched in the playoffs for 3 yrs STR8  nice try lil bro clips see ya in JUNE
mike etheridge::trade for melo &amp; complete ur makeover lmbo
ROMEO9O9::What player has been on the Lakers starting rotation to help them win 5 NBA tittles ?  besides kobe
mike etheridge::yes it is sad to watch guys like Lin etc smash on fish cp3 deal was nice &amp; fish out of triangle is a liability i was just speaking on the haters who say hes worthless for years
mike etheridge::word up always hatin on em being old
EpicPicks::I would disagree with that Mike.... Most people, even non-Laker fans respect Fisher's often understated contributions to LA's success... However, as a starter, unlike Kobe, Derek is past his prime to the point of being a serious liability to the team. Often times, its sad to watch. I don't blame Fisher one bit.. LA thought they would be getting CP3 and Fisher was poised to transition to a more situational role with the team and pick up another ring or two, but we all know the story behind that.... Management should have had a better plan B.
mike etheridge::D FISH HAS 5 ALSO bro warrior stint co insided with smush parker drought
ROMEO9O9::I bet a lot of ppl dont realize how much Derek Fisher had to do with those 5 tittle runs.
ROMEO9O9::unNOOBable go away you're on here everyday hating get a life.
unNOOBable::the suns suck. and 36 is just a little above average for kobe. if hes such a sun killer why didnt he drop 50? or even 40? not a great game for him more of an average one . then again he is getting old
EpicPicks::@unNOOBable  I think 99% of the players in the league would love to be as "old" and as "average" as you describe Kobe to be.  With that being said, the Suns do suck, the Lakers were playing badly by letting a bum team hang around, and Kobe did what legends do, he dropped 18 in one quarter in after signing a pair of sneaks for the Chinese VP, effectively ending the game in the 3rd.
ROMEO9O9::lol can you hate any harder?
Lakermagicshowtime::I take this win as a freak occurrence by the lakers offense until im convinced otherwise
mike etheridge::&amp; PG
mike etheridge::more suns lack of D i agree we have sum issues off bench NO DOUBT
DRC1981::Why is this considered a big event anymore?  The Suns and Lakers haven't been a rivalry for at least 3 years.  Steve Nash is THE most overrated player in the NBA over the last 8 seasons, and if anyone actually thinks he earned more MVPs than a top 10 all time player in Kobe Bryant, they're crazy.   Exactly how many times has Steve Nash led any of his teams to the NBA Finals, much less WON one of them?      The guy can't play defense to save his life, and any point guard with fundamentals  (99% of them at this point)  both shut him down defensively and can tear him up on the offensive end.   Steve Nash had an okay run his first 3 years in Phoenix, but he's as done as a hamburger on the grill for an hour.
Sundevils747::LOL. Lakers fans' arrogance is hilarious. Enjoy being knocked out of the playoffs with an overrated, aging Kobe.
EpicPicks::@Sundevils747  HATE is a powerful drug.
mike etheridge::Didnt think of the Denver stuff U cud be rite on there bro
Lakermagicshowtime::Kobe dragged 2 crap lakers teams kicking and screaming into the playoffs. He was the best player player in the planet during that time period.He got punished because of that Denver $@%!$
mike etheridge::He is carrying 2 of kobes MVPs in my opinion  but bcuz we had smush parker &amp; the band of nobodies on the court kobes 81!! 63 vs mavs in 3qtrs was overlooked as kobe jacking it up he put up 40 for like 11 in a row? Def MVP those yrs despite won/loss record
Lakermagicshowtime::Kobe was robbed of at least one of those MVPs
mike etheridge::Shannon brown actually helped us last nite jackin up 3s all nite  Nice putback dunk tho
mike etheridge::if the haters just kept it REAL &amp; dished on kobe for a bad nite i wud be cool with it but they always try &amp; equate a bad GAME with him being washed up then he comes out &amp; puts up a line like last nite 36-9-6-4-1 kobe is a baller PERIOD
ryan-bill::Lakers are at home playing a terrible (12-19) team and have game in hand by half time. Why is kobe jacking up so many shots and padding his stats in the 2nd half in game already won? Shouldn't he be getting the team &amp; letting the bench  get ex[eroemce and confidence? kobe on road &amp; against better teams doesn't shoot or score as much, when needed. Does anyone else get tired of kobe 40pt games at home against weak teams?
mike etheridge::blame it on raja &amp; hes not even there anymore lol kobe goes hard on em
_mongo__slade_::I actually feel sorry for Grant Hill sometimes. He's a good dude but Kobe tries to kill him everytime...lol
Yungdubz27::Thats what you supposed to do...take care of business if the opportunity is there. And Kobe will always go hard against the Suns.
_mongo__slade_::Ummm....because he helped to more than double the lead from 9 to 20? The bench had a chance to "build confidence" and went out there &amp; blew the lead. Kobe haters are the most illogical irrational creatures on earth.
boom.shaka::Oh give him a break...it's not like he actually watched the game or anything
mike etheridge::DID U WATCH BENCH BLOW 20 POINT LEAD?
ryan-bill::Lakers are at home playing a terrible (12-19) team and have game in hand by half time. Why is kobe jacking up so many shots and padding his stats in the 2nd half in game already won? Shouldn't he be getting the team &amp; letting the bench  get ex[eroemce and confidence? kobe on road &amp; against better teams doesn't shoot or score as much, when needed. Does anyone else get tired of kobe 40pt games at home against weak teams?
badben31::Lin&gt;Kobe  :)
mike etheridge::ya looked like the kobe the haters luv to needle 9 turnovers last nite
J3diMast3rYoda::Imply he was being sarcastic, the smily face does.
openminded43::Oh and like I said yesterday.......... Gortat&gt;Bynum!!!
mike etheridge::imagine if bynum had nash setting him up like that GAME OVER
Yungdubz27::lmmfao....hell naw.
mike etheridge::oh &amp; murphy nice dunk
mike etheridge::ya boy was SCurred to take the ball in the paint when bynum was in bro only going after Pau watch the tape
openminded43::Every time I watch the Suns Channing Frye comes off as the most useless player in the NBA!!! He takes terrible shots, plays terrible defense as if he's lost out there, fails to rotate or even stay with his man!!! USELESS!!!
ThisGuyHatesTO::Hey now... that's 9 mil a year you're talking about.  hahahaa... God, I hate Frye.  Half the time he rides the bench while the rookie, Morris, gets the 4th quarter minutes.  What a waste of money.
_mongo__slade_::I feel similar when I read one of your posts...
mike etheridge::point guard trapped in a centers body huh bro
Bigpappa1993::A.I is the answer to the lakers PG problems ..i just have a feeling
Bigpappa1993::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SewlI5ic_E&amp;feature=related      This one shows more of his scoring abbility and speed
mike etheridge::Nice feed thx still showin sum skills even if it is Turkey
Bigpappa1993::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJcgO8sFgts - here is some footage  i would say yes to a degree
Bigpappa1993::something the lakers need in a point guard
J3diMast3rYoda::Great passing ability, he shows.
mike etheridge::does he still have his speed?
Bigpappa1993::yeah look up A.I turkey highlights ...still looks and plays the same
caferay::Heard that the Carl's Junior turkey burger girl turned him down, however.
Bigpappa1993::hes motivated to play  1 - needs the money 2- wants to go out as a beast not a has been 3 he said he would go to the  D-league so he must have the passion back  oh and he said hell come off the Bench lol
caferay::Don't you mean, "To play, he's motivated." ?
mike etheridge::He still playin?
J3diMast3rYoda::Playing overseas, he is.
caferay::A.I is the problem to the Lakers' PG answers, says me.
kosherkid-ute::I c what u did there.
J3diMast3rYoda::Hmmmmmmm, a risky move, this would be. But get worse then Derek Fisher, you cannot.
mike etheridge::MWP nice D last night Brown calling him out on D lapses worked hes bringing it last couple games
mike etheridge::yeah he wants to correctly change the name of that HUSSY from bball wives to MRS JOHNSON a name SHE HAS EARNED 1000 TIMES OVER
Bigpappa1993::Wait ochocinco is chad Johnson again??!!
caferay::Turns out that Chad Johnson is a whole lot better a player than Chad Ocho Cinco.
mike etheridge::ocho stinko just did
Bigpappa1993::is it legal to change your name back??
kosherkid-ute::I'm sure you can but there will be more legal hours which means mo money to pay.
J3diMast3rYoda::Changing his name back to Johnson, Chad Ocho Cinco is.
mike etheridge::agreed he even called himself ron in an interview the other nite lol
Bigpappa1993::he needs to change his name back
caferay::Change his name to Ron Arrest, he should.
kosherkid-ute::3 questions for Yoda: 1. What was Tim Wakefield like when you guys attended HS together 2. Is Kobe being selfish or is he on a bad team and needs to take control 3. What does Yoda think of the Republican primaries?
J3diMast3rYoda::A d-uche bag, Tim Wakefield was.   Two good big men, Kobe has. Give them the ball more for high percentage shots, he must.   Pointless, the republican primaries are. Lie to get the presidency, all presidential candidates do.
kosherkid-ute::Thank you Yoda, your wisdom knows no bounds.
caferay::They really hyped this game in L.A., ESPN Radio 710 (Lakers' broadcast voice), and in the Times, you know, nonstop Kobe this and Bynam that, but the post game bottom line that tells the tale: Suns lose 4th in a row.  Lakers shouldn't need 38 from Kobe to beat these Suns, but where else you gonna get it?
Rice Burner::That fish head Lin will surpass all of Kobe's numbers
mike etheridge::Linsane in the membrane 9 turnovers last nite OUCH
kosherkid-ute::I love Lin but he's so small I don't see him being durable like Kobe.
Mr. Larry12::life will cease to exist in 3 billion years. ahh who cares its not my problem
J3diMast3rYoda::A fossil, Derek Fisher is. Retire, he must.
J3diMast3rYoda::Fail in the playoffs, the Lakers will. Get run out of the gym by the younger teams, they will.
mike etheridge::spoken with wisdom finally lol kobe will do what is necessary
mike etheridge::trigger happy kobe is 5 rings in i'll take my chances with that all day Yoda if the bigs ball we got a shot just like the rest of the West
J3diMast3rYoda::More unselfish, Kobe must play. Much promise, young Bynum has.
J3diMast3rYoda::Unselfishly in the playoffs last year, the Mavs played. If trigger happy, Kobe gets, then in trouble, the Lakers will be.
mike etheridge::dont forget Terry he was USING lebron
kosherkid-ute::Very true for all the love Harden got Terry was the true 6th man of the year.
mike etheridge::you might be right the way the current team is assembled BUT playoff bball is a halfcourt game designed to slow the break &amp; take advantage of mismatches which old MAVS did last year so its not a WRAP bro
kosherkid-ute::I think part of that was Tyson Chandler and Dirk just lighting the world on fire.
jon.hoefer::well they won 2 of the last 3 championships cant win them all. let me know when your team accomplishes this along with 16 championships
caferay::Fan of the odd, self-framing construction, you are.
rex_coach::LMFAO
kosherkid-ute::Thank you Yoda. I will now mortgage my house and bet it all on your advice. He's a $@%!$@%!$@%!$ jedi he can see into the future!!! At the very least Yoda is a sharp
J3diMast3rYoda::Wrong, you are.
J3diMast3rYoda::A flash in the pan, Jeremy Lin is. With Melo, JR Smith, and Amare playing, fall back into irrelevancy, the Knicks will.
jon.hoefer::everyone has a favorite team that just means your embarrassed of your team
kosherkid-ute::Hehe I wouldn't expect anything less from you Yoda.  What does Yoda have to say about Linsanity?
J3diMast3rYoda::Have a favorite team, I do not. A fan of the game, I am.
kosherkid-ute::Hehe nice username you have.
boom.shaka::Your voicemail I did receive.  Advice you wanted?  Regards, Tebow
J3diMast3rYoda::Send you a voicemail, I did not.
Qzhoopin72::For some reason, the Kobe haters aren't throwing up a bunch of FG shooting stats after last night's game!!!
tgtg31::Never understood that argument anyways....he's a career 4% less than probably the greatest of all time in MJ.  That's making one less out of every 25 shots....and MJ shot 3 more times a game than Bryant.  I do put Mike at the top of the list but if people have Kobe outside the top 10 ever they need to do some reevaluating
legacyreaper32::Someone tried earlier.  36 points on 25 attempts.  It was amusing nonetheless.
boom.shaka::Hey, I just realized - WE GOT TACOS!
amramsfan1992::how many times did the rockies score more than 7 runs in a game last year anyway
Schindlers Fist -::Did the Rockies just score 7 runs?
tgtg31::No matter where you rank Bryant this year or all-time it's safe to say he's one bad a.s.s. mofo
Schindlers Fist -::Very true. I couldn't handle playing every game with a hurt hand that's just insane.
Schindlers Fist -::Tim Wakefield has retired, Whitney Houston is dead... yet DEREK FISHER is still in the NBA!? Grrr GTFO of the league
boom.shaka::How do you feel if you're AI or Gilbert Arenas and the Lakers say, "thanks, but we're gonna stick with what we have"?
kosherkid-ute::Hehehe I never thought of it from that angle. How the mighty and the Gil have fallen.
rex_coach::lmao
mvelt24::kobe&gt;dwade
legacyreaper32::Wrong.  Kobe &gt;&gt; Wade
mvelt24::lebron issupposed to have one of his better years. hes in his prime. 27 year sold. kobes 33.
Schindlers Fist -::LBJ is having a great regular season (as usual) it's the playoffs we criticize him about.
boom.shaka::I'm always amused at how few grasp such a simple concept
vibes93::derek fisher even chipped in this game
rex_coach::lmao
nbaisrigged3::Laker fans - the lowest common denominator. What are like 75 percent of you hairbrained mexicans or wat? Can't go to an LA board without getting low IQ spi cks.
mike etheridge::UNO MAS CERVESA POR FAVOR = u been drinkin too much homes
rex_coach::So you are a racists?  That explains the toothless inbreeding ignorance
jon.hoefer::you make no sense you just said you cant sympathize with mexicans and rip them and then come out and say you like them
nbaisrigged3::geneticist is a more proper term. racist implies I don't like mexicans - which I do.
Schindlers Fist -::Way to show those idiots up by being racist.
rex_coach::wow!
rex_coach::I like your style!
Schindlers Fist -::"but you're a white mutt. which is like mixing all the best flavors at coldstone." You almost fooled ppl with that geneticist thing... but in the end you showed your racism. White isn't superior
nbaisrigged3::but you're a white mutt. which is like mixing all the best flavors at coldstone.
Schindlers Fist -::WHOA...   And honestly I'm an European American so I'm a total mutt. Scottish Irish German Italian French... I'm way more of a mutt. And that doesn't even take into account the Jewish side!
nbaisrigged3::well mexicans are the half breed spawn of dirty spaniards and indigenous asians. Its hard to sympathize with mutts.
boom.shaka::como?
Schindlers Fist -::Que?
rex_coach::Hey global warming clown, time for a new account.  You've been exposed...
Yungdubz27::Lebron is 0-2 in the Finals...never played against Kobe so its not like the "Made up Superstar" comments can be applied to why Lebron can't win a championship....so I ask you Kobe hater/Lebron worshipers.....why Hasn't Lebron won a ring if he is such a beast and so much better then Kobe?
mike etheridge::agreed as a laker fan kobe has passed his prime  Lebron is a beast  but doesnt have Kobes DESIRE TO WIN at all costs NO WAY MIAMI LOSES IF KOBE WAS ON THAT TEAM LAST YEAR he wuda WILLED THE W
mvelt24::Kobe had a lebron james performance tonight right?
boom.shaka::C'mon now....I'm a diehard Lakers fan but there's no way I'd try to argue that Kobe Bryant is a better player today - in 2012 - than Lebron James.  Rings or not.  Yeah, Kobe's resume is a LOT better, as one would expect for a 16-year veteran, but right now, this season, Lebron James is the best all-around player in the league.
Schindlers Fist -::OFF TOPIC: Btw to that global warming guy... if you ever took a class on climate change you would realize how dumb you are. The Sun's strength has shifted over time, becoming stronger and weaker all the time. It is not about the sun's strength but the Earth's resistance to the rays. If there is tons of Co2 in our atmosphere then the sun will have a stronger affect on our atmosphere. Climate Change, not global warming. And I've still never seen Al Gore's stupid movie.
nbaisrigged3::I spelled initiative wrong. Fixed. Proceed with your $@%!$@% response smog smoker.
rex_coach::You haven't fixed your bitterness disease.
Schindlers Fist -::Thank you. 1. I don't live in LA but I understand that the way their city (and state) is built so that they are totally reliant on cars for transportation. It's not like NYers are better people but the city is designed to take public transportation.  2. My point was that global warming makes people misunderstand the major problem. It's not just about the climate getting warmer, in fact if we continue down this path we will actually accelerate the next icehouse phase of Earth.
nbaisrigged3::LA fans live in smog, don't believe in global warming. Die. You will destroy any initiative to save the planet. Even if it were false - which 99 percent of CLIMATE scientists believe its true - why is it bad to support an inititive to help the environment? Are you dumb?
Schindlers Fist -::Hehe got me there!
rex_coach::LMAO  I like this Schindlers Fist guy...
boom.shaka::but, didn't you just respond to him?
Schindlers Fist -::I'll respond to you once you speak English and correct all your spelling/grammar errors.
nbaisrigged3::read Tim Donaghys book - he really goes in depth about how Kobe Bryant is a manufactured superstar whose skill is great but vastly overrated. Go read. You'll do yourself a service.
legacyreaper32::Donaghy's points are put to action everytime Lebron doesn't get called for traveling after taking 4 steps to get to the basket.  What is your point?  The NBA has always treated its "superstars" more favorably (or MJ would have been called for offensive foul on Bryon Russell back in 1998).  This is not exclusive only to Kobe Bryant.
mike etheridge::u seem exactly like the type of guy who would buy his book conspiracies  &amp; cheating is right  up your alley
nbaisrigged3::so 1030? ur gud @ math
jon.hoefer::why don't you haters just leave the lakers chat and stop twisting peoples words to say want you want
rex_coach::Yep, he'll finished his career with over THRITY plus THOUSAND in manufactured points.
nbaisrigged3::he bet on games you fool. rigging them wasn't something he *actively* pursued. That was Sterns job, to define the parameters of the game.
nbaisrigged3::I personally believe anything is possible, but Donaghy didn't bet on his own games. He was smart enough to avoid that, but apparently you wouldnt be
Schindlers Fist -::Wow if you believe a degenerate gambler wouldn't try to affect a game he bet on... your quite naive.
TheNotoriousROB::I dont trust anything out of the mouth of a cheater.  And I certainly won't give him my cash.
Schindlers Fist -::If your gonna believe Tim Donaghy you can believe Nevin Shapiro too.
Schindlers Fist -::You mean the guy who rigged games would write something terrible about a superstar in a book he's trying to sell!?  SHOCKING
nbaisrigged3::kobe drives the lane, if someone whispers sweet nothings into his ear its a foul. lebron drives the lane, literally needs a flagrant to go to the line.
mike etheridge::kobe been getting Td up lately for cryin to refs for a foul  Like it better when he just gets mad &amp; goes off  stop cryin &amp; ball out kb24 thats why he went off in 3rd last nite refs fired him up with no calls
boom.shaka::It's true.  Bron never gets calls.  That's why he's averaging nearly 2 more FT attempts per game than Kobe this season.  And it's all his fault too.
nbaisrigged3::i just said he doesn't get calls. bizarro world is bizarre.
TheNotoriousROB::wrong.  bron bron never gets the calls.  he's the tom brady of the NBA, with much less class and composure.
TheNotoriousROB::yeah
nbaisrigged3::btw, your username is faggoty
Schindlers Fist -::Bahaha... OK.
mark35345::Gasol has to be traded since: he quit in the playoffs last year. He showed up late for home Day games - yes even in the playoffs. And he only plays hard in 50 % of the games - look at him last night - Gasol's a joke.
mike etheridge::word shaka &amp; i hope we get a PG &amp; leave the bigs alone
boom.shaka::They're kinda stuck for this season so will probably just ride it out.  They have 2 first rounders, a trade exception and a little cap space clearing at the bottom of the roster for offseason moves.  One or two players and this team is a contender again.
mike etheridge::who has more rings at PF than Gasol  current players? i can only think of tim duncan
mike etheridge::watch every game bro &amp; i dont get caught up in wishing a player was ON every night gasol has WON us several games this year the block vs Cs standing out as the latest
mark35345::What has Gasol done for us lately? Gasol has not played with that 2010 game 7 aggression since 2010. You really haven't watched too much b-ball.
boom.shaka::Gasol has to be traded since: the Lakers have few other assets and if they want to bring in a superstar he's the guy who can make salaries work.  Failing that, of course, they should keep him and try to bring in other pieces.
Schindlers Fist -::Dude needs to get laid.
nbaisrigged3::laker fans = the lowest common denominator. Shaq won you 3 titles because Stern rigged up offensive foul calls. LA is the biggest market in the league tho, so he needs a game 7 against Sacramento, who was the better team.
mike etheridge::it was a conspiracy i tell ya lol kiss da ring
nbaisrigged3::derp Texas. Kind of another huge market. Portland? we'll just let Dirk have every foul call imaginable and game 7
Schindlers Fist -::Why is San Antonio called the top small market team then?
nbaisrigged3::I just told you the league is rigged, how'd you not get that?
Schindlers Fist -::So the league is rigged for Kobe but against LBJ... LMAO OK. Both of them get a lot of calls buddy, I'm not a fan of either team but to think one is different than the other in that sense is stupid.
Schindlers Fist -::How do you explain all the BS calls for the Spurs then?  Convenient argument is convenient.
rex_coach::There are TWO clowns on here that are totally embarrassing themselves....
TheNotoriousROB::you and who?
rex_coach::you!
TheNotoriousROB::Kobe's back with Vanessa... time for another 5 ring run starting this June!
boom.shaka::I thought she was still hot but just saw a recent picture of her....we're talking Violet Beauregard - Stay Puft Marshmallow Man.  Zoinks
Global Warming 2012::Tomorrow the Lakers are back on the road at Phoenix. Kobe will go 9 for 30. The Lakers will lose and all you clowns will be calling for Gasol's head on a platter. Vicious Cycle!
TheNotoriousROB::Nice like there... btw, global warming is a myth.
Schindlers Fist -::I actually took a class on climate change and did a research paper on it... never seen the stupid Al gore movie.
TheNotoriousROB::whatever.  go lick al gore.
boom.shaka::Just like The Big Bang.  It wasn't big and there was no bang
Schindlers Fist -::That's because it wasn't properly named. It's called climate change and we have too much Co2 in the atmosphere, which increases the power of the sun (or decreases the Earth's resistance to the sun, whatever)
Schindlers Fist -::Liking your own comments for an ego boost.  Vicious Cycle!
rex_coach::umdabrah?
Schindlers Fist -::Kobe shot 56% on a team that besides Gasol and Bynum is worse than the Wizards at every position. PER is a DECENT stat (only covers certain aspects of offense, highly skewed towards offensive players) but it doesn't take into account the team around you.  Btw this is one of Kobe's most impressive seasons because he is doing it completely injured on a HAND.
nbaisrigged3::so when Lebron had a PER just below Jordans on a terrible Cavs squad wat was that? Luck? Laker fans.
rex_coach::Like my comment
nbaisrigged3::kobe - 1 lifetime achievement award. lebron 3 MVPs.
amramsfan1992::0.000000000001 rings
mvelt24::Lebron has how many rings...?????????????????????????????????????????????????/
mike etheridge::kobe=compared to MJ   lebron= compared to charles barkley  NO RINGS
nbaisrigged3::Lebron: owner of the 5 PER seasons better than Kobe, the 2nd best ever, and on his way to usurping Jordan for best PER season ever. Kobes best PER season barely enters at 19th. Kobe is greatest  evar.
mike etheridge::nice STAT guy whats the RING count? at the end of the day RINGS are what MATTER LAST I CHECKED 5-0 &amp; counting
TheNotoriousROB::the "king" has all the pressure on him to get a ring... and that'll be his FIRST.  You know he's sweating about trying to match Kobe or Jordan.  If he doesn't he will never be the greatest.
boom.shaka::Oh, lighten up.  Trolls are a actually compliment.  It's like having a stalker - sure it's kinda weird, but at least somebody loves you.
Global Warming 2012::The faint MVP chants coming from the cheap seats in Staples is an embarrassment to Kobe. So sad!
tmohr48::RIP Whitney Houston....
TheNotoriousROB::go to TMZ, we dont give a rats $@% about crack hoze
nbaisrigged3::Lebrons clutch shooting statistics, including the playoffs and the 4th quarter and far and above Kobe Bryants. I'm not even a Heat fan and I know that. Look it up haters, its called a fact and your Kobe is a washed coattail rider.
Schindlers Fist -::Doesn't LBJ want to play in Cleveland? Hehe  And a coattail rider??? LBJ RAN FROM CLEVELAND TO JOIN DWADE
legacyreaper32::Lebron is just sizing up Kyrie Irving's coattails.
nbaisrigged3::Lebron doesn't get injured, ergo he must suck. LA FANS
Schindlers Fist -::Youth vs age, yet age has 5 and youth has 0
Global Warming 2012::lol
