Dawan208::I think C. Parsons is a white Kevin Durant !!!!!!!
Khaos0924::where is this nanrad_91 bull fan, obsessed about Lin's overatting and pay, i want to discuss some more, i am back.   Out of how many overpaid scrubs in the NBA, he is more intrested about Lin.  Come on, come back to the board, i am waiting.
Queen88022::F: GM, I need a raise, I play better than Lin, he got more than me.  GM: Go and test your market, I will match it.  F: Why there is no body overrates me? It says "Everybody loves Raymond". At least it can tell I am oldER and heaviER. Damn.
Queen88022::please go to www.espn.com. If you don't know how to, please contact technique support.   Rank # : Lin #20,  Felton #23.  Oh he has a big number to aprove he is "effective": Wt:/Ht 205/6'1 which is greater than Lin 200/6'3. Very effective on the digest.
palsy360::Older n heavier n still very effective
Queen88022::Can't stop laughing after taking me few minutes to figure it out. LOL, LOL,LOL  You are GENIUS!
YaImFromCleveland::Funny how people are bashing Lin for not showing up for the first round playoffs.. Without the Linsanity run, there wouldn't be a first round playoff for the Knicks to stink up
NoonGame::lol at nanrad 91, dude stop twisting my words around... I never said stat and melo dont deserve to get pay more than lin... but when   they get pay about 20 mill a year to you is fine but lin at 8 is not...dude you must on medication...
cfylong::You dealing wit a cockroach in ramrod.  Save yo breath.  Snakes gotta bite. Racists gotta hate.
Nanrad_91::Name calling, you are better than that. tsk tsk.
Nanrad_91::lol. No, you just don't know what you are arguing. I've explained that I don't think Lin deserves his paycheck because the sample size isn't big enough to warrant that much money. It's fine for Melo and Stat to get paid 20 mill or whatever because it was earned. People can say with they will about Stat, but he struggles because he doesn't know how to co-exist with Melo. Check his numbers before Melo came and they were great. He needs to learn how to adapt to change.   To me it is about deserving/earning your payday over an extended period of time--that's my issue with the situation, which you either over look or think 20 games is a big enough sample size for Lin's payday.
Nanrad_91::NoonGame - dude! lol ! you twisting your words again...earlier, you said asik contract is ridiculous...and most bull fans think the same way...  Yes, but then I also said that he proved me wrong and earned his contract. I'm not twisting anything, you just are selectively reading.
NoonGame::dude! lol ! you twisting your words again...earlier, you said asik contract is ridiculous...and most bull fans think the same way...
Nanrad_91::Oh God, you're slow. I think Asik is worth his contract, but Lin hasn't proved himself. I also find it funny that you are talking about excuses, when that is all you all have said about Lin. Harden took his spot, he's recovering from injury, he's learning a new system, etc.
NoonGame::you must be on medication or something...excuses,excuses,excuses. they have not done anything for knicks at 20mill a year...they even have loosing records for them last season...but lin and asik are overpaid at 8mill a year...lol,please! stay on your bull's board...I'm ignoring you from now on...
Sportsfan_trollbasher::I wonder why supporter of other team(Nanrad_91) will come to a Knicks/Rockets forum and put down a particular player in 9 out of 10 posts , and saying the reason he does not stick to his own team conversation board is becoz the traffic is slow ... Saying he does not hate a particular player, but keeps devalues him. Would have accepted if its a Rocket's fan, but disrespectful  if u are not and knowing that the majority of ppl here is Rocket's fan or maybe Lin's fan. Its like a Rocket's fan visiting a Bull's board and picking on the players of the Bulls, he may claim he is no hate , but somehow ppl juz noe wat his motives are. Would be respectful enough to put down another team's player in your own board or conversation with your own friends and not on other team's conversation board .. Even if I dislike a player I would never do it in that player's team conversation forum.
Sportsfan_trollbasher::Nanrad_91:"What about some of the things your fellow Lin fans have said about the opposing team--you think they liked it and agreed with it, no. But, it was said anyways."  Just becoz others do it doesn't mean u have to do it. Even I find some of more extreme Lin's fan opinion inappropriate and not objectives, n I do corect them sometimes. I.e. against the Knicks, Parson was shooting the lights out but some rare fans still demands the ball pass to lin for him to shoot, and I was like come on the kid is doing fine, let him continue his passing and running the floor. .............................................................................................................................................. Nanrad_91:"Stop being sensitive because most fans outside of Heat and Lin fans can take criticism of their favorite team/player"  Well, I'm not that kind and from wat I see Khaos0924 is also objective in that he see wat Lin's bring to the game n he acknowledge for now that Lin is far from being an elite player. I criticised Lin's shooting and Khaos0924 said Lin is thus far average but nobody rebut or argue with us coz fans juz noe when ppl are being objective and when they are being biased ............................................................................................................................................ Nanrad_91:"If people are getting upset because I am telling the truth, I could care less."Just because you don't like the criticism doesn't mean I should change it to make you happy."   I can tell u that most sensible fans accept criticism and if ppl were to post in Pistons or Bulls game during the running of the game that Lin is shooting inapropriately , I couldn't agree more. But most fans would appreciate objectives criticism rather than pointless criticism. Its a fine line to differentiate these 2 but since u talk sense I guess u have the intelligence to figure out and differentiaite them. But as u said it, u dun have the obligation to do so.
Nanrad_91::If people are getting upset because I am telling the truth, I could care less. It would be one thing if I am trolling or lying, but I am doing neither. Stop being sensitive because most fans outside of Heat and Lin fans can take criticism of their favorite team/player. The Rockets standard is for Lin to bring in money. I'm not talking about their standard, but his fans, which you all seemed to have lowered just today.  I don't see the disagreement there, we both agree he is average and needs to work on his shot. My criticism of Lin has nothing to do with Harden, but his own play.  Well, what I am saying isn't inappropriate either it just isn't well received, which is a difference. What about some of the things your fellow Lin fans have said about the opposing team--you think they liked it and agreed with it, no. But, it was said anyways. It's the Internet--it happens. Just because you don't like the criticism doesn't mean I should change it to make you happy. Also, stranger v. online forum is a bad comparison for many reasons. But, online and and real life, I defend my opinions/beliefs. This is not your house and you do not own this site.
Sportsfan_trollbasher::Well its not about catching up in emotions and some points u made are correct in general. Its about the context. Lets just say u are a father and a stranger visits your house and says that he don't hate your son but keep saying he is overrated/does not live up to the standard of the family , when u as a father noes your son is putting in all his effort and heart into wat he is doing. If u say u don't mind then i'm speechless.
Sportsfan_trollbasher::Nanrad_91:" How would a stranger know what the standard of the family is? "  Yeah how would u know wat standard Rocket set for Lin to deserve that 8M/year contract. Of course u can visit here and talk, but back to reality context , even if u are being frank and honest, U think it is okay for u to do that when u think u have a high chance of upseting ppl around ..................................................................................................................... Nanrad_91:"The father would do his son justice by being honest. My coach was very honest with me in high school, he said I wouldn't never be the best (and I wasn't), but that I was a great athlete. If parents stopped coddling their kids and were actually honestly, just not brutally honest, then kids wouldn't think they are better than they actually are. "  U said it , your  coach , father , these are the ppl who should do that. I have watched most of Rocket's game this season and I think Lin had done considerably well to fit with the system of sharing the ball with Harden, and I'm happy with the starting line up of the Rockets, but i'm honest that Lin's jump shot need to improve considerably, but i'm fine with his other aspects of play. ...................................................................................................................... Nanrad_91:"Honestly, what is your point"  My point is U are free to visit on here and talk, no problem. U can be constructive n talk about how Rocket's play/players(not just Lin) can improve, not trying to unjustifies a player worth. Realise that if 3-4 ppls are starting to get hot on your heels then u must be saying something inappropriate but not necessary wrong, and keep it cool and dun try to rant on. Do u visit a stranger house and keep ranting on n on knowing that ppl in the house are in a argumentative mode with you ? Always try to relate social media to reality if possible, its becoz ppl dun behave in social media like how they behave in reality that they get in troubles.
Nanrad_91::Well, that is just a bad example. How would a stranger know what the standard of the family is? And the reason the father would get upset is because that is his son, his feelings are connected to the criticism. Honestly, what is your point? This may be the Rockets AND New York's forum, but it's still about basketball, which I am a fan of. I can visit on here and talk. I do it with other forums as well.  But, onto your example, even if the son is putting all of his effort/heart into whatever, that doesn't mean that he isn't overrated. Actually, more times than not, parents overrate their children. The father would do his son justice by being honest. My coach was very honest with me in high school, he said I wouldn't never be the best (and I wasn't), but that I was a great athlete. If parents stopped coddling their kids and were actually honestly, just not brutally honest, then kids wouldn't think they are better than they actually are.
Nanrad_91::Be a man and call me by my name and grow up. If you came to the Bulls board and spoke the truth, I wouldn't be upset by it. How am I putting down Lin? And for the last time, I don't dislike Lin.   Oh, so you edited my name in now. Unlike you, I'm not caught up in my emotions. Many people have criticized Bulls players and when they are valid, I don't argue them. Come to the Bulls board if you want.
Nanrad_91::Sooo.... Just because I think Lin is overpaid doesn't mean anything--I think Boozer is overpaid and I like the guy. Grow up, man. Yes, I do think Melo and Stat deserved to get paid more than Lin. Seasons worth of play is worth more than 20 games. Yes, you can go over and look at my comments if you like. I'm watching the game too.
NoonGame::you think lin overpaid at about 8mill a year but it's fine for melo and stat to get paid 20millions a year and melo never went pass 1st playoff round. and stat ...I dont remember the last time he did anything...by the way, landry fields get pay about the same as lin...is  your bull playing rite now?
ban94shee::The great Knicks were beaten by a lottery team...Go Rockets!
NewAges::Why Lin gets all the hype?  Media know there are many Lin's haters. They can effectively fuel racism and hatred for ratings. They can use haters so well evidently....
NewAges::Asik, Landry and Steve Novak get the same contract as Lin's after Linsanity but you never heard about their contracts in the news do they?
Nanrad_91::The media loves Lin, but as I said earlier, Asik had the same ridicule for his contract just not as big.
NewAges::I do not hate any players because their race either. I said the media uses haters for ratings
Nanrad_91::You just told me told admit I hate Lin because of his skin color. I know what you immediately said, and then you accused me a racism.
NewAges::lol...most not all? You are twisting your words for arguments? Admit it you hate Lin because his color....People can understand it better.
Nanrad_91::I don't hate Lin. Quote me where I've said anything hateful. You can read my original comment. It's sad that people can only things from a racist perspective. Does that mean you are racist in regards to Melo because of your feelings about him? The first ones to claim racism are the ones who are usually racist.  Oh, and I'm not twisting anything. THIS season, Felton has outperform Lin most of the time.
NewAges::Felon better than Lin? Do you think Felton can carry the Knicks like Lin did last season? And you didn't watch the game last night, didn't you? Felton was too slow to stop Lin driving to the baskets several time last night.  What is the point if Lin took all the ball time and his team didn't win?
Nanrad_91::It shows that you don't read either--I said MOST games not all. I was referring to Felton playing better than Lin this season and not the last. With the way Lin has been playing, he wouldn't be able to carry the Knicks now.
Nanrad_91::This is the most pathetic this I have read in this forum all of today. The fact that you can chalk up the reason some dislike Lin to racism is truly disgusting. Did you ever think that Lin has detractors for valid reasons. Felton has been playing better than Lin in most games, but his weight and performance from last year is continuously ridiculed by Lin fans because Felton was chosen over him. Please stop talking when you learn class.
MavsRangersCowboysFIFA::I think we can all agree Knicks are not good. Fans were already saying playoffs after a 3-0 start. Melo will go back to his old self. Felton will start thinking abotu McDonalds during games again, and Chandler will go back to his Charlotte days. When Stoudamire comes back, this team will become a circus i have to say just like my Cowboys.
NewAges::The question is how can the 5-7 beat the -8-2 by landslide?
Nanrad_91::Same reason why the Bucks dominated the Heat in regular season, but everyone knew they wouldn't beat them in the post season. Or why a crappy team may upset a great team in one game. It happens, but doesn't mean much.. Also, just because they won by a landslide, doesn't change the record. The Bulls beat the Heat by 20+ in the ECF and lost the next four games. It's just one game.
Nanrad_91::8-3 &gt; 6-7, they beat several teams in a  dominating fashion, and have the number 1 defense, which they clearly didn't use this game.
NoonGame::ignore nanrad 91. the dude is over obssessed with lin... just ignore him...
NewAges::Bulls' fans have have the same taste as the Knicks now. If anyone know the Rockets recently whipped the Bulls butt too
Nanrad_91::Whooped??? LMFAO!!! You beat the Bulls by FOUR points--that's hardly a beating. Also, the lead changed several times unlike this game. Learn to use words better because whooped is misleading. And what do you mean by "tastes". My opinion about the knicks doesn't reflect other Bulls fans thinking.
Nanrad_91::lol. I was waiting for this. So, I'm not trolling and I'm responding to comments you all have made, but I'm obsessed with him. If I am staying on topic, which happens to be about Lin, how does that make me obsessed? It's an active forum. Also, I was talking about Melo and the Knicks earlier. I haven't said anything bad about Lin personally. This is why Lin fans are almost there with heatbandwagoners--it is also why some people dislike Lin--because of his fans. I thought we were having an honest conversation, no need to get the panties in a bunch.
Nanrad_91::Because their forum was slow, so I was looking for an active one, which this was/is. Also, I said in a previous post that not only was I a Bulls fan, but an NBA fan in general and I appreciate most teams minus the Heat, so I visit other forums. Problem?
NoonGame::if you chicago bull fan...what you doing here?
trollseye::poor tyson only 3/4 tonight for 6 pts., and he even had 3 offensive rebounds wichmeans he only had 2 touches thewhole game, unlike asik well fed tonyt he was so fed tyson even gave him an elbow for desert, thats the difference of having lin a teamfirst player on the team, miss the time he was on ny, where tyson is feasting alleyoops from lin.
Nanrad_91::This is pathetic. You do realize that Lin only had 3 assists, right? So, that means Asik was being fed to by Harden and Parsons, and then maybe Lin.
NewAges::Why Lin's stat is down?  James Harden played like PG and takes Lin's main role as PG Of course, Lin has to adjust to Harden's game and improve other area. Lin improved in defense in last night game. He had 7 rebounds same as Tyson Chandler number. Not bad for playing something is not his main advantage.   Lin main weapon is driving into the baskets, shot in close range and create shot for team mates. He did successfully attacked the baskets last night. He doesn't do it so often because the reason above.Watch his previous games, then you know what I am talking about. If Houston can balance out  Jame and Lin time to attack baskets, they can be playoff spoiler team.
NewAges::Put anyone in the role that not his best advantage of course, he is not going to be good. Lets put Melo in defense only, can he still score?
NewAges::I am not blaming Jame Harden. It is what it is. Great coach utilize what best for the team
Nanrad_91::Why are you blaming this on Harden? That's what it seems like. Harden out performs Lin, so really, Lin gave his spot away. You are correct, Lin needs to learn how to adjust, but stop blaming others for his problem.
wilhenderso 6::LOL @ people blaming Knicks management alone for Lin going to Houston.   1) Knicks unwilling to offer first contract.  Tell Lin to test market. 2) Agent talks to Houston and gets a first contract 3) Knicks/Woodson said they will match anything even up to a billion 4) Agent tells Lin jackpot and goes back to Houston for more money. Lin obviously agrees otherwise he would have told him to stop 5) Houston revises contract for more money. Knicks get cold feet.
JasonY79::This is so false. Quit spreading misinformation. Houston increased the offer after listening to Woodson say they'll match. Lin had nothing to do with it.
NewAges::Look like you forgot to mention , the Knicks could offer Lin any contract (less than 25 mil) before free agent market.
Jthizz69::funny everyone was touting the Knick's defense this season and then they play arguably the worst defensive game of any team all season.
swagcityhooptown::"I need to go get food drunk now" felton
Nanrad_91::Khaos0924 THere you go, that's fair. So it's not like Lin didn't want to come back to NYK, he did right. So NYK didn't match it, that's why Lin is at Houston. Don't bash Lin about it, when some other GM felt like he's worth the money. Maybe he see something in Lin just like he see something in Asik and Parsons who slipped into 38th pick. That's something Knicks dont' see. The intangibles the heart, more than talent. ===== Who is bashing Lin? You mistake me talking about Lin's actual performance to me bashing him. I never spoke ill about him or called him a bum. He is either average or above average, but as of now, he average. The Knicks saw potential, but they weren't matching that contract. Asik was paid because of defensive reasons--the Bulls saw potential, but couldn't match. We don't know why Parsons slipped, but Royce White, who should been top 5 slipped because his of generalized anxiety. Why don't know Parsons reasons. I think the whole heart v. talent is a weak argument in this instance to mask Lin's performance. Asik and Parsons are performing (talent)--not Lin (Heart).
Khaos0924::I see heart in Asik and Parson's performance and along with Lin, things I don't see in Jr and Melo.  I don't seem them see little thingsto help team win, but just score, when Lin/Parson were struggling shooting they were still playing good defense and rebound, and steals.  I don't see people who have no heart do those things. When they don't shoot well, they stop playing defense.
RichardtheRabbit::I was pissed the Knicks didn't keep Lin but I'm ok with it now. The Rockets lead the league in turnovers. He does great things but he also turns the ball over. Look the Knicks are 8-3 against really good teams. The Heat, Dallas, San Antonio, the Sixers, the Rockets are 6-7. I had a feeling they might lose this one.
pistol111847::I'm talking about the ratio not total assists. Also By what you're saying Harden should have less TO's than Lin but he averages 1 more per game and 2 less assists than Lin. He's just not as good a playmaker .
Nanrad_91::Ummm...no. We were talking about ratios, right, which it Assists/TO. Asik isn't a PG either, so explain why he has more TO's than Lin. Stop getting your point confused and trying to drift between two different arguments. Also, this previous game says that Harden was the better playmaker since you all like to based things on selective performances. lol
pistol111847::Harden and Asik lead the team in turnovers and Lin is 3rd. Harden's ratio is about 1:1 or 1 assist per turnover. Asik has more turnovers than assists. Lin has slightly better than a 2:1 ratio. Everyone else on the Rockets is 1:1 or worse. If you don't believe me look up statistics on the Houston website. So Lin not only has the most assists but the least turnovers per assist.
Nanrad_91::Calm down. I asked about one player, my God. I would believe Asik has TO's because of his hand issues. Also, Harden rotates between PG and SG, so it's understandable why he doesn't have as many assist as Lin.
pistol111847::Yeah of course he commits turnovers and that contributes to total team turnovers. What I am saying is that there is something called assists to turnover ratio which PG's are judged by. A ratio of 2 assists to 1 turnover is considered good. So if your PG has 4 turnovers but 8 assists he is doing well. Lin's ratio is better than 2:1 therefore he does not have a turnover problem so far this year.
Nanrad_91::But, you are blaming it all on Harden-what his ratio?
pistol111847::Saying the Rockets lead the league in turnovers is not due to Lin. His assists to turnover ratio and his turnovers are way down from last year. The main culprit is Harden. If u don't believe me look it up. Facts are facts.
Nanrad_91::Lin's never at fault--it's always someone else. lol. He may not be the main reason, but couldn't he be part of the reason? I don't know, just a wild guess.
KGuns92::what a shocker!
Nanrad_91::@NewAges, Last season, Rose was 1-13 against the Heat, but played most of the game until the last five minutes. The Bulls won despite his crappy performance. My point is, it is possible to win with only 3-4 players coming to play. Do not take this as a dig against Lin, but in general (in NBA terms), spectacular performances, but 4 players outweighs a crappy performance by one. Sometimes even one performance can negate a bad team performance as far as winning goes.
NewAges::Steve Novak, Field Landry (20 milions contract-no one complain), Tyson Chandler score better than they do now,,,,,What coincident doesn't it? When Lin was there they score better, now they are not. If that is not enough evident to support my argument, then I dont know what is....
Nanrad_91::How dense can you be??? I said that you cannot argue the same point if it isn't happening now? Is Lin making his teammates score better, no. Then your point is invalid. On to the next one, please.
NewAges::Chandler famous for defending , not scoring.;...and he scored better during Linsanity
Nanrad_91::It happened during Linsanity, but it isn't happening now. You can't argue the same points if the evidence doesn't support it.
NewAges::Explain during Linsanity why all no star-caliber player like Steve Novak, Field Landry (20 milions contract-no one complain), Tyson Chandler score better than they do now? and why?
Nanrad_91::They're stars??? Chandler, yes, the others??? Just because you haven't heard of those contracts being ridiculed doesn't mean that they weren't. Or, they've been consistent as players--you know, full seasons and not 20 games. Either way, Lin fans are the reasons why Lin has so much attention for better or worse.
NewAges::Do you understand what +/- points mean? Thats meant when Lin in the court, his team out score opponent by 24 points.
Nanrad_91::You do understand that it is not always 100%, right?
Nanrad_91::Khaos0924 Then lin contract was based on that crazy 20 games he had, not on what is doing now. And there are players being in the league for 2+ years and never had the type of impact or performance lin had for two weeks. So is lin still overpaid? ===== The contract is considered ridiculous because he is being paid based on 20 games not a full season. Just because Lin had a huge impact for two weeks doesn't mean he should get paid as much as he did if it were for other reason besides marketability. So, yes, Lin is still overpaid. He has yet to perform like he did during Linsanity or close to. His injury should have been healed and I have no idea why his confidence is "shaken" or why he has to gain it back.
NoonGame::do you paid him? is it your money? Do you really know how much money the rockets are making from asia ? The kid shows  them that he's worth it from having  great potential last season...
Nanrad_91::This is a hypocritical argument because if you thought he was underpaid, you would complain about it and you don't pay him. So, I have a right to complain about it as well if I don't agree.   Also, he has of yet to live up to potential and I have already said that I believe he got paid for marketability.
Joeschmo loves Heat::I like the part where Knicks fans aren't talking as much $@%! anymore
NewAges::Why Lin got paid what he got?  1. His ability to make team mates better. During Linsanity, Tyson Chandler, Steve Novak...shoot much better 2, Marketing value (did you see all Chinese adverting at Toyota center?). If any of you can bring in a potential 1 billion plus customers in Asia, you can get the contract like Lin.
swagcityhooptown::how about landry, he benefit it from lin.
Nanrad_91::We're talking about Houston.
NoonGame::lol, houston probably made 25 millions in one month just from china...
NewAges::@Nanrad_91  Lin played 35 minutes last night. His +/- is 24, second behind James Harden at +27. You mean the Rocket can play on 4 players and still beat the Knicks by 30?
Nanrad_91::Yes, that's exactly what I mean.
Khaos0924::You forgot Bill Walker.  It's also the overall vibe he brings to the team. People are willing to go to war with him, it had happened with Linsanity  with bench players.  It happened again last nite when Knicks were out to embarass him.  How come no one stepped up for Melo to prove a statement, cuz he score 37 pts???
Nanrad_91::It's 2 then 1. Has he really made his current teammates better? His assists has gone down and he isn't scoring much.
Nanrad_91::No, I expect better numbers than what he has posted. Harden adjusted better; Asik adjusted better--what's Lin's problem?
NoonGame::he only has about 30 nba starts but that pretty impressive...he does need time to adjust to the new system and team...what do you expect? all star numbers in first 10 starts with new system/team...
Victor6229::http://www.fotokristall.narod.ru/mov0001.swf  For all those who are here just to talk trash becuase they have nothing better to do with thier life. I Share a wonderful gift to you. Turn up your sound d1 ck riding bangwagoners.
jetzyy::This is what I see: 1. Knicks need more players who can finish AT THE BASKET, instead of kicking it out for a low percentage three pointer. when they have the #'s in transition.  2. Melo needs to watch the replay when he is in ISOlation. because EVERYONE is open! PASS it like lebron does. 3. Copeland needs to be moved to the 2nd team, He can finish at the basket (Yeah i'm serious) 4. Chandler is NEVER  ready for a pass ever . Too dam clumsy
NewAges::I am not passing. Thats Lin's jobs  --Melo
Khaos0924::Finally a reasonable and smart comment on the Knicks.
NoonGame::that's is how melo playball...he is iso who really doen't pass...he can be a beast at it at times but so far he has not  pass the 1st playoff round...
Nanrad_91::Khaos0924 So are you a Melo fan then? You really don't see why people hate melo, or there's absolutely reason why people disklike Melo's game or prefer Lin's medicore/average game, prefer watching teamplay more than ISO? ===== I don't mind talking to you, but you really need to learn comprehension skills. I don't give a dåmn about Melo in the sense that if he does well, so be it, if not, oh well. I said before that I understand why some people may hate him, but not Lin fans. Just because Melo was being honest about his opinion's on Lin's contract, doesn't make him a hater or that he didn't want to play with him aka drove him out of town. When I want to watch team ball, I watch the Bulls--win or lose. As of now, Lin gets too much hype for average/mediocre play. Not only that, there are much better PG's who do exactly how you describe Lin's style of play.
Khaos0924::Hype by espn and media, the headline and front page was put up by espn last nite.  You don't like lin cuz of the hype, but it ain't Lin's fault right. But people don't like Melo cuz he's hyped as a superstar and never win with his style nor made his teammates better.  I admit Dragic/Lowery/Irving all better pt guard and more talented than Lin, I admit Rockets probably won't make the playoffs.  But I support Lin's playstyle, heart, and character.  I don't blindly put him up like Rondo or Cp3 level. He will be a very good Andre Miller type pt guard eventually.  What I cannot accept is people attack lin on something he cannot control, such asthe media hype.  Knock him on shooting percentage yeah, athletism yeah.  But not his heart and passion for basketabll and his teammates.
Khaos0924::Ha Ha LOL, like playing at 85% like Rose and tore his ACL. you dumb as.s.
Nanrad_91::When did I ever attack Lin? Saying that he is overrated is not an attack. lol. Saying that there are better PG's than him is not an attack. Many people have knocked his passion/heart for the game because he sat out when he was 85%. Do you know how many superstars play less than 85%--a lot. I don't dislike the kid, but I do dislike Lin fans who can fault everyone else except Lin--they can find any excuse and never really own up to the truth.
itsyaboyyyyy::I'm a melo fan and I get why people don't like him, and that's one of the main reasons I like him.
jetzyy::You can't play hard suffocating Defense when the star players like Chandler &amp; melo are getting called for touch fouls on every  possession. They believe the 2 points they let go is more important then being benched with foul trouble, so they play the Matador defense like last night. There are alot of referee's in this league that blow the whistle based on home crowd . Its addicting for them. Not all Ref's but more often than not. I guess that negative energy from the crowd booing every time takes a toll on their psyche. the finals last year was a great example.  This applies to EVERYTEAM.
mr mellow::As a Knick fan this is why I can't get excited about the start of the season that the knicks are having.  This is a test of many tests they will face as a team.  I have to wait and see how they respond.  Good Luck Knicks.
Nanrad_91::NewAges Lin got the same contract as Asik after Linsanity. Why no one on the Bulls call Asik's contract ridiculous?    Its showed New York classless team mate of Lin ========= ACTUALLY, most, if not all, of Bulls fans called Asik's contract ridiculous. This proves that you either did not talk to any Bulls fans or very, very few. We called Asik's contract a poison pill. Although we wanted him to stay, we understood why his contract wasn't matched. I said so myself during the off season that it was a ridiculous contract because Asik couldn't score and needed to work on his hands. He has performed better than expected, but he got the same criticism. NY wasn't being classless, you just took the remark too personally.
commanderbass::Please don't mention Lin and Asik on the same company. Asik is a legit 7 footer who can KEEP HIS MAN IN FRONT OF HIM. if you look at Lin, he hits the pine a lot when the game counts because he can't do that. Sure, he can read passing lanes using his intelligence, but he has no ability to stop the man he is defending. Lin is prof you cannot really look at plus minus as a legitimate telling statistic because when Asik, parsons, and BEARDSANITY are destroying the Knicks my grandmother, rest in peace, would be able to poach points as a 4th option. If you watch Lin play, he either dribbles up court and hands the ball off, makes mindless turnovers, or disappears from inbound passes of off opponent makes when Harden is around. Mark my words: Lin will play, to ensure the rockets cash in over in China, but when the game is in the line, over the course of the season, you will see a trend up of Toney Douglas playing when the game matters most. Why? Because you won't be playing 5 on 4 on defense.
Khaos0924::Ha ha like Melo play any better D, Lin constantly get picked, it required team defense, which you probably don't understand as Knicks. Mark my word, you will never ever beat Miami or Boston with JR and Melo as your main scoring options.
Khaos0924::that's the problem with you NYK fans.  You don't see the little things intangibles a player has, heart and passion.  Asik is worth every penny of the contract, his defense and rebounding. Man he should get paid more than Boozer if you ask me.  LOL, 20 million for Amare's no show and injured all the time, but Asik contract is rediculous, give me a break.  He is a efficient and cheap center, who needs to be stronger offensively.
Khaos0924::Then lin contract was based on that crazy 20 games he had, not on what is doing now.  And there are players being in the league for 2+ years and never had the type of impact or performance lin had for two weeks.  So is lin still overpaid?
Nanrad_91::LMAO. Dude, I'm a Bulls fan--not a NYK fan. Every Bulls fan agrees that Boozer is overpaid so you are preaching to the choir, but Boozer should still be paid more than Asik. Also, I said that in retrospect he is worth the contract, but at that time he wasn't, despite being a solid player. Furthermore, Amare's payday was based off of his performance in Phoenix not what he is doing now, which is why his contract is now considered bad.
NoonGame::you said that lin contract average 8mill a year is ridiculous but tyson, melo,and stat getting paid twice as much is justified??? how??? they had a loosing record last season before lin took over... the kid saved their season at next to nothing.
Nanrad_91::Tyson got paid based on his Dallas play and he earned it last season considering he won DPOY. Amare played well in Phoenix. Melo led his team to the playoffs several times. Less than half a season doesn't mean big payday.
NewAges::I am talking about the Bulls players...Fans they said everything in the world of course
Nanrad_91::What? Fans loved and respected Asik and when he left, that was that. Taj Gibson has said nothing ill of Asik leaving--he said Asik just told him he accepted another offer. No other Bulls player has commented on the matter that I know of. Also, the Bulls don't do that drama stuff, so you aren't going to hear any story about them like that.
SPEC1MAN::melo is playing better this year as a leader than he has any other season in the NBA. felton is completely outplaying lin this year in the NBA.  ...nuff said
SPEC1MAN::even if felton looks fat and is a crappy player, he is still better than lin, who's game is not worth the attention or the paycheck he recieves.
Khaos0924::Espn and media did it to Lin, not Lin.  I have nothing against Felton, he is a good pt guard.  But the problem is not Felton, the problem is JR and Melo.
SPEC1MAN::new ages - as opposed to what he played with last year in his week run with the knicks.  and khaos im not talking with you anymore your purely stupid,  harden puts up just as many shots.  your arguements are $@%!$@%!.
Khaos0924::you can't argue anymore cuz you know you can't, Harden put up as many shots but he assists at least.  You have no knowledge to argue, and don't want to admit you are blindly in love with knicks and melo.  If I am stupid, then you are beyond $@%!$@. LOL.
NewAges::Did you see Harden played as PG in most Rockets game. Of course, Lin stats will goes down and improve in other area. Last night Lin got 7 rebounds same as #1 defender, Tyson Chandler
NewAges::Lol....Lin is a new roster full of rookies and unknown players. Do you think they can gel right away?
Nanrad_91::Doesn't he have the Sixth Man of the Year Harden on his roster and Asik may be unknown to you, but he was scouted by the Rockets because of his defensive abilities. Also, a rookie is outplaying Lin--what is your explanation about that?
Khaos0924::Felton still looked fat, Melo is playing better as a leader every season.  Leader in chucking up shot and iso plays.  ... nuff said.
SPEC1MAN::your talking last year man, last year. stop living lins one great week over and over again and start talking the reality that is the rest of his time in the NBA.
Khaos0924::you really think Melo and JR can beat Miami or Boston in the playoffs, at lease I am willing to admit that Houston is rebuilding and won't make the playoffs.  I admit Lin is average pt guard, but I know his mediocre teammates always go to war with him, i don't see the teammates go to war with Melo the same way.
SPEC1MAN::ummm so now one game makes him god.   you havent been watching the season as a whole then have you.
commanderbass::He obviously hasn't, or he would have an answer for: "Why can't Lin keep anyone in front of him?" "Why won't he catch the ball first?" "Why does Lin dribble into the paint, with his head down, and make horrible plays shortly thereafter?"  Felton is having a better season, on a team with a better record, which is how success is measured.
NewAges::Lets see if Felton can carry the Meloless Knicks like Lin did last season ...then you can tell better
NewAges::You didn't watch the game last night , didn't. you? Felton was too slow to stop Lin's drives into the baskets several times last night.
Nanrad_91::khaos0924 You will see why Lin fans and Melo/Knicks fans are the way they are when you comeback to the board after the MSG game. You will see how Knick Fans gonna let Lin have it regardless of the result of the game. I think Lin fans were hurt cuz the other side is blaming Lin for taking more money or sneaked behind for the poison pill when all knicks had to do is ask Lin NOT test the market, and give him like 2-3 year contract like 2~3 mil a year, he would have signed it right away no doubt w/o going to free agency. Knicks didn't do that, told him to test his value, and not match it. Then spin around and blame Lin's character and greed, when you have JR or Melo on your roster, you talk about integrity or character of players.  ===== Well, you are basing the entire Knicks fanbase on ESPN comments. Like I said, they can be obnoxious at times, but I wouldn't characterize them the way you have. Also, the Knicks gave Lin opportunity to make as much money as possible, Lin was the one who decided to leave. There is a such thing where players turn down bigger contracts to stay with their present team. I don't fault Lin and I don't agree with the fall out, but I understand why they didn't match. Lin wasn't going to start. I wanted Aisk to stay on the Bulls, but I wasn't upset that the Bulls didn't match because the offer was ridiculous.
SPEC1MAN::amare is not worth it, but now your talking about a different player. we are just talking lin.  cmon man.  your being ignorant to your own arguement
Khaos0924::Ok, Lin is getting pay 5 mil a year or average 8 mil per year for 3 years.  How much do you think he is worth, or who should be worth 8 mil.  Marbury? ha ha.
Khaos0924::Lin never had to go to restricted free agency if Knicks didn't allow it to happen, they could sign a contract before it even started and ended right there.  He was never offered a contract.  That's the FACT Knicks Fan and Lin haters need to get it straight, get your knowledge on how restricted free agency works.  He never had to be restricted if he had a chance to sign something.
SPEC1MAN::why would they have to, they made the right choice. Felton is playing better than Lin.  Lin hasnt done anything even remotely close to his little run he had with the knicks and is not worth the money he is making at the moment.
Khaos0924::So Amare is worth it, Jerome James and Marbury were worth it.  You are just as dumb as the GM and Dolan.
Khaos0924::How much did Knick offered Lin, and where was that contract offereed and when did Lin turned it down and went to Houston.  Thought so, Knick never formally asked Lin nor offered a contract.
Takeiteasy9394::Lin had a degree in economics from Harvard... The decision was simply math... Lol
Khaos0924::THere you go, that's fair.  So it's not like Lin didn't want to come back to NYK, he did right.  So NYK didn't match it, that's why Lin is at Houston.  Don't bash Lin about it, when some other GM felt like he's worth the money.  Maybe he see something in Lin just like he see something in Asik and Parsons who slipped into 38th pick.  That's something Knicks dont' see.  The intangibles the heart, more than talent.
Nanrad_91::The Knicks didn't offer a contract because they were planning to match it before Houston offered a poison pill, which is why it is called a poison pill. It's not like NYK didn't have any plans to sign Lin--they did. The Rockets offered 25+ because they knew the Knicks wouldn't match it. Even if the Knicks weren't planning on extending Lin's contract, that's their choice.
Khaos0924::If you are still wondering why there are people who love Lin and hate Melo: "I am all star and I need better player around me, no ring/championship here after so many years, I wanna go to NYK" Melo in Denver "I am the man, I want a system built around me and only me, not point guard friendly, trade me or get Dantoni fired" Melo in NYK "I am the man, I deserve 20 mil a year, Lin's 25 mil over 3 years is rediculous" Melo on Lin's Huston Contract "I am the Man, I am superstar, I don't get no calls, go ahead and dunk on me, i got my 37" Melo Last nite  Lin did ok and average +24 on the floor, Melo scored 37 pts, but outplayed by Parsons in every category. Knicks lost by 28, priceless.
commanderbass::Nanrad_91, explaining yourself logically will not work for Lin fans, they have forever been blinded by the afterglow of Linsanity.  I truly applaud your efforts.
Khaos0924::Just like Knick fans, forever blinded by dumbness of Dolan and alike.
Khaos0924::I think you are afraid to admit you are a melo/knick fan. at least i admit i am a lin fan. So all of the contracts Dolan has signed so far that went over the lux tax and scrubs weren't rediculous, and lin's average 8 mil a year is rediculous.
Nanrad_91::Are you referring to me. LMAO. I am a Bulls fan first and NBA in general. I don't love or hate Melo or the Knicks. Just because I'm defending them doesn't mean I'm a fan.
SPEC1MAN::you put quotes around your statements as though those were his true words. cmon man.
Khaos0924::you are dillusional knick fan, if you think Melo had nothing to do with forcing himself to NYK and firing of Dantoni. Cmon man.
NewAges::Lin got the same contract as Asik after Linsanity. Why no one on the Bulls call Asik's contract ridiculous?  Its showed New York classless team mate of Lin
Nanrad_91::There is a difference between what he said and how you interpreted it. I semi-understand why some don't like Melo. But, I feel as though who love Lin are a bit misguided. You can love Lin all you want, but the reasons behind this love can be laughable at times.  Also, most people agree that Lin's contract was ridiculous, but Melo still wanted to play with Lin.
Nanrad_91::Because he's getting paid for a sample size of play not consistency of a full season. IF the Rockets are paying him for his talent, he is underachieving. He isn't injured or shouldn't still be because he had surgery back in May and should have already recovered. I don't understand why he has to get his confidence "back".   Melo, Stat, and Tyson are getting paid for what they did in full seasons--consistency. That is why Lin's payday is ridiculous. You are comparing an average player to stars/superstars. HE may be a superstar in your eyes because of his personality, but his current play is anything, but that.
NoonGame::how is that ridiculous? the kid is getting about 8 mill a year average...melo, stat and tyson getting about twice as much...
sweetlew09::I have literally never seen a game where the Knicks lost and their fans didn't complain about the "horrible refs"
NoonGame::which plays? the play which tyson threw the elbow in asik's throat and didn't get kick out the game or the part when he's was on the floor and trip lin but the ref call a foul on lin...the refs are nowhere near perfect but you cant blame them for 28 points lost...
pistol111847::told ya so Knick's fans. Poor character will doom the Knicks.
SPEC1MAN::???? but harden and lin have great character because both left theyr beloved teams to chase the all mighty dollar.  that shows great character for sure.
Khaos0924::You dumb as Dolan, Lin had no choice but leave, Knick never matched. And Harden had a choice but he felt like he deserve a bit more time to decide but OKC pulled the trigger so fast.  Harden made his teammate much better than Melo, looked at his assists last nite, looked at Melo, i rather pay Harden than Melo.
itsyaboyyyyy::You're an idiot.
Khaos0924::Knick fans are idiot.
Crazy_ducky::Melo:  This year the only things that matter are the ring.... Felton: Amen to that.. Melo. Remeber what I told you last time, I want cheese to go with my wings.... Melo: @.@ GTFOH !!!!
Nanrad_91::What is with all the Knicks hate, most being from Lin fans??? I don't even get the Melo hate or, at least, why Lin fans hate him. Most of the hate on Melo is based on incorrect information and bias against him in the first place. Being beat 28 points doesn't negate a 8-3 start, which is better than a 6-7--not even a .500 team. It happens sometimes. Take the win for what it was--a great night of play from the Rockets. But, to look into anything more than that is laughable. For the record, I'm not even a Knicks fan and I'm neutral about Melo, so don't even go there.
NoonGame::actually, I think melo haters are from denver and also knick fans...linsanity and knicks were doing great last season until melo cameback and they start loosing and ultimately got the coach fired...
Khaos0924::So are you a Melo fan then?  You really don't see why people hate melo, or there's absolutely reason why people disklike Melo's game or prefer Lin's medicore/average game, prefer watching teamplay more than ISO?
Nanrad_91::Well, D'Antonio should have been fired and Woodson record proves why. When I am in the Knicks sections for here and articles, most hate, as of present is from Lin fans. At first, it was Knicks fans, and then Melo started winning and he was mostly forgiven. When Lin left, the hate from Lin fans flared. Denver just really say that they are better off without him and an occasionally ballhog remark.
Khaos0924::I guess you weren't here when Knick trolls were bashing Lin and Lin only before Friday's game on how they are set to destroy and embarass Lin for that contract.  They got what they deserved and asked for.  Lin did ok/average, Melo did great. Knicks lost by 28.  Great feelings indeed for Lin fans and for me, i am not gonna lie.
Khaos0924::You will see why Lin fans and Melo/Knicks fans are the way they are when you comeback to the board after the MSG game. You will see how Knick Fans gonna let Lin have it regardless of the result of the game.  I think Lin fans were hurt cuz the other side is blaming Lin for taking more money or sneaked behind for the poison pill when all knicks had to do is ask Lin NOT test the market, and give him like 2-3 year contract like 2~3 mil a year, he would have signed it right away no doubt w/o going to free agency.  Knicks didn't do that, told him to test his value, and not match it.  Then spin around and blame Lin's character and greed, when you have JR or Melo on your roster, you talk about integrity or character of players.
Nanrad_91::But, the things is, it is always like this. This isn't something new or just on ESPN boards. I've read articles where Lin fans will bash the Knicks/Melo and did before the season started. That may be your reason, but what about the others? That is why I asked the question. Even if it is a feel good game for the Rockets/Lin, it really isn't a feel good story about Lin's performance, which as you said, was ok/average. That doesn't make NYK regret giving Lin up.
bobbydagreat::Makes sense, most of the Lin hate comes from Knicks fans.
Nanrad_91::It could be that or the crowd of Knicks fans that you talk to. Can Knicks fans be obnoxious, yes, they can be. I couldn't stand them for the longest and can only tolerate a few, but besides the usual ESPN trolling, I haven't seen many Knicks fans bashing Lin.
Khaos0924::Not gonna lie, only Knicks I like or respect is Shumpert, Novak,  Kidd, and used to be Tyson (until last nite for that elbow).  But JR and Melo man, no disrespect, they are not teamplayers, good scorers.
bobbydagreat::Then you don't know many Knicks fans.
Nanrad_91::Not really; I've spoken with Knick fans who don't hate Lin and wish him nothing but well and preferred Felton over him. I don't know if I ever spoke to a Knicks fan who hated Lin. I've spoken to Lin fans who hate the Knicks.
FadeBackShoot2Points::it was also knick fans who made fun of Miami saying, "Miami struggled to beat a young rockets team" well I would rather struggle to win than lose by 28.
bobbydagreat::If not for Lebron proving that he's the best player in the game and the refs bailing out Chris Bosh a few times, they'd have lost.
Khaos0924::Rockets almost won that game, the difference was Lebron took over when it was crunch time and made the necessary plays to win.  He did not chuck up shots after shots in the beginning and got his teammates involved, he only step up when it was necessary and close game.  Melo is nowhere near to Lebron's level, not even close.  The only player that could be mentioned closely is KD.
Khaos0924::I was talking about small forwards, yeah but overall player that changes the game and make teammates better and do clutch plays, i would add both CP3 and Rondo
abbadobad::If you're going to put Durant up there I would also say Chris Paul.
Dawan208::Couldn't of said it better!
Khaos0924::"Can't wait for Felton and the Knicks to destroy Lin on Friday to show him that he doesn't deserve the big contract" Knicks Fan before Friday's game. "We had a bad game and Lin did nothing to win the game, Melo got his 37, can't wait until Lin comes to MSG we gonna hand it to him" Knicks Fan after Friday's Game. LOL, you knicks will never win $@%! if all you worry about is individual stats and agendas.  Melo did look good though, but YOU LOST BY 28. LMFAO
jscmedia::well, uh, actually the Rockets currently rank 6th in offense in the NBA?  Just sayin......Go Baby Rockets!
FadeBackShoot2Points::to a rockets team who isn't even a high powered offensive team
Gary Bettman - G.O.A.T.::Lebron  Favors Gay  Love  Sessions  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4Ye0-9_40Q&amp;feature=related
FadeBackShoot2Points::nice joke it's even funnier the 100th time hearing it
FLDFSU::"Jeremy Lin is a great PG"  ---No one, ever
NoonGame::Nobody said he's great atleast not yet...but he does need time to adjust to his new team and system and he's also only has about 30 nba starts...
Khaos0924::Melo is the top 5 player, and a great player. -- No Ring, ever
FadeBackShoot2Points::the play that knicks/carmelo fans should be embarrassed by most was when...the rockets were on a fastbreak and carmelo wasn't even paying attention he was turned around yelling at the ref and gave up a easy dunk.
Khaos0924::2nd play of the game, when Lin dived on the floor to steal the ball from Melo that led to a fastbreak when Rockets were up by 20+ already in 3rd Qtr.
FadeBackShoot2Points::yeah that also..it was just an all around bad performance by the knicks on the defensive end, the rockets played harder and out hustled them.
setrue::"Stop Lin at all costs, who cares about winning" --MElo &amp; FATon  "Sounds like a plan, as long as MElo happy, I'm employed" -Woodson
NewAges::I made a right call on Lin  --James Dolan
Khaos0924::"Melo, we gonna make sure you get yours and embarass Lin in the boxscore" Melo teammates "Lin, we got your back, we will win as a team and make sure you won't get embarassed by your ex-team" Lin's teammates. Who's got who's back?  Rockets won by 28, Lin did ok, Melo did great in scoring
Khaos0924::Knicks should start over and build thru drafts, they ain't never gonna win with thugs like Melo and JR.  Just keep Shumpert, and trade the rest for expiring contract and picks.  I don't see Knicks beating Boston or Miami.
setrue::Great back to build around was here:  Shump and Lin.  Idiot Dolan let Lin walk for nothing in return and almost traded the Shump too.  Knicks will fail at rebuilding too.  No hope as long as Dumb Dolan is owner.
Khaos0924::Man i feel like if I got half of Dolan's money i could build a contender better than him.  He's paying scrubs and thugs for years w/o any success, always wanting to win now and take the shortcut.  But man the worst and dumbest owner in the NBA is gotta be Dolan.  Being cheap about lux tax or 25 mil over 3 years, when how much you paid Marbury, Jerome James, Amare, need I name more?
iwantfrysREBORN::Remember when ESPN tried to push the issue that the Knicks were the best team in the NBA? HAHAAHAHAH.
palsy360::They said they had the best record when they was 8-1. Everybody know they not better then Miami or Boston. The gm against Brooklyn will be a good one
UNCTarHeelz725.::Well, so much for Melo's commitment to defense.
palsy360::Everybody took the night off n the d dept.
StoneColdET::The officiating in the NBA is an absolute disgrace. They need to hire referees that don't call games based on momentum and crowd noise. The league is better than this. You can't hire Apes who are persuaded by the home crowd. I think its time to take a long hard look at who we hire in this country and start giving the jobs to the better suited workers and not based on skin color and ethnicity.
jscmedia::Excuse me sir, would you like cheese with that wine ?
jalapeno94::Hey StoneCold can i have some fries with that $@%! plz?
minky420::Stone cold et would like a couple cheeseburger!
Khaos0924::Yeah, great call on the technical by Tyson, he should be suspended by the League.
TexasHammer12685::are you the guy who did StoneCold ET?  I laughed my balls off watching that video XD
minky420::are you trying to blame the refs for a 28 pt loss?
miami360x::I like the Knicks and they are actually decent this year, but I don't see Melo ever leading a NBA team to a championship.
Joeschmo loves Heat::Ever!
Khaos0924::Melo doesn't realize by chucking up shots, scoring 37+ pts or not, it mess up the whole team's rhythm.  People need to touch the ball to feel the rhythm, even if just a catch and pass back.  He did look great last nite, but the rest of the team looked horrible.  Then when shots didnt go in, he complained to the ref instead of running back playing D.
palsy360::He took a play off by arguing with the ref
palsy360::Them being decent this yr still remains to be seen. Only 11 gms played and they have played no defense n the last 2 gms
boston8443::"knicks have won 2 playoff games in the last 14 years," said no one ever
sproketjoe::Be happy the Knicks will get it together again, NY Giants have a new "Monster" to crush out in SF.  New QB duel btwn Eli and CK7 for the SB.  Yanks will get off the chronic long enough long enough to win another WS.  Life will be good again in NYC.
oblique15::together again? Knicks always suck
Tim Duncan Still Has It::Well I'm off. Bye David, and good luck with your Knicks.
