Greg Bosgraaf::There aren't many good losses when you are trying to win games at home trying to fight for a playoff spot, but that was one for me. Our boys fought back and almost gutted out a win against a great team, good game boys and congrats Spurs.
Shawn Bento::Good effort Grizz
Shanny Salcedo::a lot of ignorant grizz fans here blaming the grizzlies' early struggles on the coach....Its not the coach's fault that Q-Pon & Gasol(2 key players) are out with injuries....If Gasol wasn't hurt, we would be 25-10....Also i sort of like the courtney lee trade the grizz get better defensively and far better efficient shooting with Lee....im still gonna miss Bayless and would have rather liked Calathes to be the one that got traded
Greg Bosgraaf::I agree in principle with most of what you are saying, but I'm not sure exactly where we would be in the standings if everyone was healthy. I do agree though that it is extremely unfair for these "fans" to blame Joerger for the 15-18 record. With how little Hollins liked to use his bench he probably would still be rocking in the corner having to play Jon Leuer and Nick Calathes those extended minutes that they've been playing.
Charles Kilgore::25-10 v 15-19 in the west as stacked as it is?  I don't think so.  Memphis in the west is middle of the pack at best.
Steve Cain::Some of the same fans were saying the Grizz > Spurs a couple seasons ago, "not so fast my friend" as Lee Corso would say.
Graham Horobetz::I like that Joerger got that T, showed he had his players back. Someone try to convince me that Nick Calathes has any future on this team? No ability to score at all, every pick the guard goes under. He himself is a poor defender and his decision making doesn't make up for all his shortcomings.
Shanny Salcedo::calathes for nash or farmar straight up
Harry Diament::I found it amazing that Tim Duncan can drive to the basket taking four to five steps, never putting the ball on the floor, and not get called for travelling.
Mark Perlstein::Harry, that is called the NBA super star shuffle.
Reid Heckel::Still not going to a Grizz game this year. I stand behind Lionel Hollins. In the meantime I hope we don't make the playoffs. I hope the Joerger and Robert Pera are run out of the city. You two idiots have destroyed the Grit, threw away the Grind... lost fans.. Selling season ticks on StubH.
Mike Wagener::I totally respect that, I couldn't believe Lionel Hollins was fired,,,,,,the man got them to the WCF!
Reginald Anthony Foster::not going to the games only makes it worse
Jelson Alvarado::I agree with you.  I'm a Spurs fan
Scott Wheat::omg that game was epic gg grizzlies fans. GO! SPURS GO!
Shoot Jung::Spurs time, baby!
Kenny Newhouse::My hatred for Ginobli just went up another tick. Good game Grizz.
Justin Daniel Gower::this dude has been playing vintage all year... idk why.. hes 6th man of the year at age 36 lol
Sixto Alvarez::What you no about them SPURS baby its all about them TEXAS boys .210
Jp Dench::HOLY CRAP, 12-0 run in under 2 minutes??? spurs be ashamed
Colin Ziolkowski::How long is it gonna take all the so called "Experts" to figure out that Jon Leuer is a really good player! He's always produced when given the minutes! He played good with Milwaukee,Cleveland,and Memphis yet nobody will give him a "For Sure" spot in a NBA Rotation even though he out plays guys that get minutes ahead of him all the time! Leuer is the White Carl Landry! Both players can score from the Block and Perimeter(although Leuer is a much better shooter from 3) and both are pretty good individual Defenders and even better Help Defenders! Maybe Memphis will finally be the team that gives the Power Forward from the University of Wisconsin his chance to make a difference on a nightly basis because he's more than capable! GO BUCKS!!
Graham Horobetz::Well this will be our 12th loss at home, the Spurs have figured us out. Still though, we are so poor at home. This game represents how this season has been so far, cut the lead to 5, clear path foul, made 3 etc. and it's back to double-digits. Tough to watch, our defense is pathetic and our rebounding is too. We try to give Conley some rest, but in that time he's off the court, things go downhill.
John Osaki Jr.::I saw Tracy McGrady score 13 points in 35 seconds against the Spurs on TNT a few years back, when most fans turned the TV off or went home. Check out the great Tim Duncan and Tracy McGrady in George Gervin's chapter in my book, NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Duncan Tim Duncan Kirk::Sneaky book promotion in the middle of this Spurs thread. Relevant comment that turns into self-aggrandizement. I see you John Osaki Jr.
Alan Hickman::Can someone please explain the whole plus/minus deal?  How can u determine that? A player can lead his team in scoring with a good field goal percentage but have a lower plus/minus than a bench player with a lower field goal percentage?
Errol Thomas Jr::+/- is a measure of the score of the game rather than the individual.   Kawhi's +17 means that the Spurs outscored the Grizziles by 17 points while he was on the court while Parker's -4 means the Grizzlies outscored the Spurs by 4 points while he was in in the game.
Alan Hickman::Oh OK thanks bro
Peter Krane::Well, Gizzlies got a real test with the great Spurs.  If only Grizzlies had a coach like the Spurs' Coach Pop, the Grizzlies would be such a great team, too.  Well, hopefully, Marc can come back and help salvage the rest of the season.  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!
Jeff Johnson::I guess the grizzlies will never beat the spurs again.  I thought tonight they had a chance, theyd been scoring the ball better and they're at home.  They just can't put it together.
Jeff Johnson::down 12 points in the final 1:35 and they fight back to put the game in OT.  Where was that effort before the very end of the game?  Should have played that way the entire game.
Jerry Caliendo::Not sure what happened to the Grizz this year, even before Gasol got hurt. I've never seen a team fall off so quickly after replacing their head head coach.
Greg Bosgraaf::The Grizzlies were 7-5 and had just finished a 4-0 West coast road trip when Marc got hurt. They finally seemed to have gotten through the growing pains and looked great on the California sweep. Since the we have had multiple injuries and honestly I'm surprised that they're still 15-18. It is convenient for people to blame a 15-18 record on the coaching change, but I can't imagine that it would be better with Lionel still here. Lionel leaned on his starters way more than Joerger does and way more than any smart coach would. All year there was talk about the minutes that the starters were playing and if it would catch up to them. It sure did in the WCF against you guys when they were just worn out from playing so many minutes. The smart usage of playing time for Duncan and boys throughout the regular season by Pop paid off come the off-season. The Grizz were able to avoid the injury bug last year miraculously, but this year we are paying for it for both years worth.
Jerry Caliendo::Greg Bosgraaf, it's a shame. I was really thinking Memphis was going to compete for the SW Division this season after their run last year. I hope Memphis gets it together (after tonight's game) so they can surpass Dallas. I hate the freaking Mavs!
Greg Bosgraaf::Jerry Caliendo I did too man, its just probably not in the cards for us unless Marc comes back soon and they start clicking. I've always respected the Spurs, they are the epitome of a top-class organization.
Daniel Stone::Can the Spurs please get rid of those godawful home uniforms they've been using?  The home whites are one of the best in the league and for some reason the team is phasing them out.  Not that that has anything to do with this game lol...I could see it being close without Splitter but the Spurs have the Grizz number.
Steve Cain::I actually like the gray with the no name on the front.
John Martin::The thing that makes the Spurs so good is their depth. Somebody it seems always steps up.
Errol Thomas Jr::Good game Grizzlies, but we need some wins.  0-9 in the Division.  Geeze.
John Martin::Gristly Grizzles going, going, gone!
Michael Tardy::No 3pt shooting.can't spread the court just like last year.
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::go spurs go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Scott Wheat::this is why u don't leave until the game is over!! GO SPURS GO!
Reginald Anthony Foster::Go Grizz...................I feel a win streak coming
