diehardnr1::Hey I did not have time to read the rest of the NBA articles...Did anything important happen outside of the Nuggets game?  Did Kobe take a dump? Did Dwight say Kobes name in his sleep?  You know BIG news?!
diehardnr1::A win on the road?!   I will take it...  GO NUGGETS!!!
diehardnr1::ps.   Go Brooklyn!
DJ_DreSmooth::Cardiac Keeeeemba!
washheightsboy3::Funny to hear GK complain that Lawson gets hit but not knocked around because he's so stocky. The rule actually states that contact has to alter the shot to be considered a foul.  Not that it's called that way.  It's funy that it's so commonly NOT called that way that GK is complaining the rule isn't being mis-applied to a player.
JustineS04::Good point. I'm with Karl that the problem is that Lawson is built like an RB. Sometimes the contact alters his entire body's trajectory, but he's so solid and his center of gravity is so low that his shot is still pretty much there. Gallo should start giving him pointers on drawing a foul. I just worry about Lawson getting injured with the way he drives so fast and gets hacked.
jayeteee::It didn't seem like it, but we out scored them every quarter.
diehardnr1::well...it WAS the Bobcats...but I get your meaning...kind of a blah game since Cats do not shoot the 3 like the Wiz did....otherwise the slow start would have been a problem again...
BigSallySausage69::i would suck Gallinari's sweet coc.k
steve1849::walker is the man
Jganon93::denver fans why does kofous still start? magee is more productive even playing less minutes.
jayeteee::Koufos has the best hands of the two, but that's not saying much. Man, if you could combine the two you'd have a legit star. LOL.
diehardnr1::good point jayeteee...the nice thing is that JaVales problems are mostly mental and can hopefully be "fixed"
bearsbball12::Koufos isn't flashy or spectacular, but to say he adds nothing on either side of the ball is ignorant and inaccurate.
Zede51::Koufos has some of the worst hands in the league, he causes like 2-3 turnovers a game by just not catching good passes form Ty or Iggy. McGee should be starting Koufos adds nothing to the offense or defense.
bearsbball12::Well, Koufos isn't anything great but he is pretty solid and fairly consistent night to night. McGee is very up and down. He can have a great game like tonight, then the next night have 2 points and 3 rebounds on 1 of 6 shooting. Karl has also said that he likes playing him alongside Miller because he's so good at throwing lobs.
diehardnr1::good points....JaVale will not be the starter until his short-to-mid range shots start falling...he executes the moves perfectly but just cannot seem to hit the shot...BUT if he starts hitting those hook shots and 5-7 ft fade aways he will be unstoppable. His D is getting  better...but STILL needs to play position instead of positioning himself for a swat...and stop biting on EVERY head fake by PGs that he out-"jumps"  flatfooted.
bearsbball12::The top 2 stories on ESPN's NBA page are about the Lakers game from yesterday and the Lakers game tomorrow. It would obviously just be crazy to mention any of the 8 playoff teams who were in action tonight and maybe give them a little love on the front page.
johnselway::Anyone still on? I think this storm is going to bring down some powerlines so get the $@%! you need tonight
johnselway::FyouCKIN hope so!!!!
Kael88::Hope it snows a lot.
johnselway::Yeah.....Get smokes, booze and meat to grill..... Brought the grill up to my back door already......
bearsbball12::If it's gonna snow, it might as well snow a lot.
Kael88::wish iggy was more consistent
Kael88::He still needs to find his touch on offense.
diehardnr1::or just limit his touches on offense period.  Defense is what DEN needs him for...his points should come from slashing and putbacks...NO SET PLAYS FOR HIM...seems like that is where he struggles the most.
syreeta blue::lol sixers fans said this for years he's good tho you're lucky to have him
JustineS04::I'm happy with his consistent D. He wasn't brought in to lead the team in scoring.
Kael88::i'm new
hmqenz::I dont follow the Nuggets too much but can someone tell me why Cory Brewer is shooting 16 times in a game?
bearsbball12::He doesn't normally shoot that much. Gallo was playing sick/hurt and Iggy was in foul trouble for most of the game, so I'm sure that contributed to it.
petersoncooper::Because the Nugget lack a natural scorer at SF, PF and C.  Gallo is more of an outside threat.
jayeteee::No, you're Joe Pesci.
YogaBeer::"Gallo?    Did I say Gallo?    I meant Callo.   I'm Jerry Callo"
Judge Smails.::I do follow the Nuggets, and I have no clue.  I cringe every time he shoots.
jayeteee::DU is 18-8. What a year for basketball along the front range!!
Genghis Kittah::There was an article on giant killers in the tourny..top 10 and DU was #4
habs fans cant stop me::anyone watch the ufc
habs fans cant stop me::idk i did not order it
habs fans cant stop me::i just checked espn the co main event is up next they are fighting after that
jayeteee::Hope there's a replay somewhere down the line. LOL. I'd rather watch the chicks than the dudes get all jiggy w/ each other.
jayeteee::Did those chicks fight yet?
celtsfanallday::ALRIGHT, IM OUT
habs fans cant stop me::peace caps locks guy
jayeteee::I still remember Danny Ainge driving the court w/ only a few seconds on the clock to eliminate Notre Dame when he played for BYU. I wanted ND that day.
jayeteee::*crickets
habs fans cant stop me::march maddness is the best few weeks of the basketball year
celtsfanallday::NO, I PREFER THE NBA DURING FOOTBALL SEASON, SINCE ALL THE CHAT BOARDS ARE EMPTY AND NO ONE CARES
habs fans cant stop me::same
celtsfanallday::I LITERALLY DONT WATCH BASKETBALL UNTIL AFTER THE SUPER BOWL, AND FILL MYSELF IN
bearsbball12::Empty boards are pretty boring though lol
habs fans cant stop me::you have a point i do miss football
IUorkillyourself::yes
bearsbball12::True.
jayeteee::Duh.
celtsfanallday::MARYLAND WILL PROBABLY BE IN THE TOP 25 IN A COUPLE WEEKS
hmqenz::when was the last time maryland was relevant in anything? that school is the definition of mediocrity. no wonder they hate duke and unc, they suck at everything from athletics to academics
jayeteee::When Boomer Esiason was a pup.
IUorkillyourself::cool
habs fans cant stop me::true i cant wait tell march maddness
habs fans cant stop me::ik one things for sure number 1 seeds are not safe from upsets
celtsfanallday::IKR
habs fans cant stop me::lets beat la
Sports Are More Corrupt Than The U.S. Government::Denver took care of business.   Up next, L.A.
jayeteee::Michael Jordan can do whatever the hell he wants, he's Michael Jordan.
jayeteee::I didn't say that. C'mon, man..........
celtsfanallday::IM MAKING A POINT. PROBABLY SHOULDN'T HAVE USED BABY RAPE TO MAKE IT
celtsfanallday::EXACTLY. HE COULD RAPE A BABY, AND EVERYONE WOULDN'T CARE JUST BECAUSE HE'S MJ
celtsfanallday::LOL THE HEADLINE FOR THE HEAT VICTORY SAID "LEBRON SCORES A TRIPLE DOUBLE TO KEEP THE HEATS PLAYOFF HOPES ALIVE" A COUPLE HRS AGO
habs fans cant stop me::lol they are allready in the playoffs
bearsbball12::I bet the Heat make the playoffs.
celtsfanallday::NO, REALLY?!
habs fans cant stop me::someone tell me how do you come from haveing 6 to 7 nba rings to owning the bobcats
bearsbball12::You live in North Carolina, go on to have the best NBA career ever, make hundreds of millions of dollars on endorsements, then buy the NBA team from North Carolina after you retire.
jayeteee::He's from the area, he's rich, and maybe he's got nothing better to do.
celtsfanallday::YOU BUY A BASKETBALL TEAM AFTER RETIRING
celtsfanallday::OR IN HIS CASE, RICH-ER
celtsfanallday::I HIGHLY DOUBT IT. OWNING A TEAM MAKES YOU RICH
habs fans cant stop me::i bet mj does not want the bobcats anymore since they suck
celtsfanallday::I CANT WAIT TO HEAR KOBE'S RESPONSE WHEN THE LAKERS MISS THE PLAYOFFS
habs fans cant stop me::he would be like dwight fu this is all your falt me kobe why cant you just pass the f ball to me more and stop shooting it and being a ball hog then fight breaks out between the 2
IUorkillyourself::Celts put him a step closer to making em. thanks for that.
IUorkillyourself::a bandwagon lakers fan would have moved on by now
bearsbball12::We're not friends.
IUorkillyourself::you my friend are incredibly stupid.
habs fans cant stop me::oh great bandwagon fan well at least its not a troll
bearsbball12::So you've been a Kobe fan since he was on the Lakers and they were good while the Pacers weren't? Sounds a lot like a bandwagon to me.
IUorkillyourself::unc osu nuggets? haha
IUorkillyourself::i go to iu and have been a kobe fan as long as i can remember. good thinking though.
celtsfanallday::PROBABLY
bearsbball12::IU/Pacers/Lakers fan. One of these things is not like the others. Bandwagon?
celtsfanallday::CRAP
IUorkillyourself::Do you think the Bobcats could beat IU?
jayeteee::I think the Bobcats could beat the Lakers. :-P
celtsfanallday::YEAH
bearsbball12::Yes.
killuahk::Kemba has scored 24+ in 3 straight games
habs fans cant stop me::kemba the only good thing they have
celtsfanallday::HE'S A BEAST, BUT YOU CAN ONLY DO SO MUCH
celtsfanallday::MJ SHOULD SELL THE BOBCATS, IT PUTS A HUGE DENT ON HIS LEGACY. PERSON: "HEY, WHAT DOES MJ DO NOW?" OTHER GUY: "OH, HE OWNS THE BOBCATS" PERSON: -_-
bearsbball12::MJ getting arrested for rape or something would put a huge dent in his legacy. Owning a bad team, not so much.
celtsfanallday::NOT HIS LEGACY, BUT IT KIND OF DISAPPOINTS YOU WHEN YOU HEAR HE OWNS THE BOBCATS
bearsbball12::This is a chance for the Nuggets to string together some wins. In their next 10 games, 7 are at home, only 1 B2B, and no road games against +.500 teams.
jayeteee::Nice research.
celtsfanallday::WIZARDS ARE SO DELIGHTFULLY STUPID. THEY GAVE US THEIR LEADING SCORER FOR TWO VETS THAT AVERAGE LESS THAN 4 PTS A GAME COMBINED, JUST TO CLEAR CAP SPACE.
ksooklal::we didn't need him to beat the nuggets or the rockets or the nets or the knicks...
habs fans cant stop me::thanks for the trade he was great last night
celtsfanallday::YOU GUYS? IM A C'S FAN
habs fans cant stop me::at least you guys still got john wall
celtsfanallday::YUP
jayeteee::BTW, Wash beat Houston tonight.
bearsbball12::Makes me feel marginally better about last night.
habs fans cant stop me::wow first they beated denver now houston
celtsfanallday::WASHINGTON IS ACTUALLY PRETTY GOOD.
jayeteee::http://now.msn.com/steve-nash-shares-sweaty-towel-with-teammate-metta-world-peace  Check this out.
celtsfanallday::JUST READ THE HEADLINE, HOW EXACTLY DO YOU SHARE ARMPIT SWEAT?
celtsfanallday::UGH
jayeteee::It's just gross, nothing like zombies eating people or anything. Anyway, Nash wiped his arm pits w/ a towel, and Artest came up behind him and took the towel and wiped his face w/ it.
celtsfanallday::JUST ATE, SO I'LL PASS
jayeteee::Check out the video. But only if you don't have a weak stomach.
JustineS04::Umm...team bonding?
celtsfanallday::HEY EVERYONE. IM A C'S FAN, BUT IM BORED. BTW ANY BRONCOS FANS REMEMBER ME? CAPS LOCK GUY
ksooklal::I'M A RAVENS FAN... REMEMBER ME? LOL BALTIMORE JUST STRAIGHT DOMINATED THE PATRIOTS IN BOSTON (foxborough if you want to be precise)
habs fans cant stop me::caps locks guy you should of bin at the nuggets game board last night it was so funny
celtsfanallday::OH. WIZARDS ARE BASICALLY A .500 TEAM, ONLY REASON THEIR RECORD IS WHAT IT IS IS BECAUSE JOHN WALL WAS GONE. WAY TOO MUCH "IS" IN THAT LAST SENTENCE
habs fans cant stop me::they were pissed they lost to the wizzards
celtsfanallday::????
habs fans cant stop me::broncos choked
jayeteee::35 to your guys 13.
habs fans cant stop me::you have a point
jayeteee::Yeah, at least we managed to put up points on them. LOL.
celtsfanallday::JUST AT THE END. BRONCOS DID OK, BUT THE RAVENS WERE HIGH ON RAY LEWIS. BTW, DUDE, WE ARENT REALLY IN A POSITION TO TALK ABOUT CHOKING
jayeteee::Not all of 'em.
JustineS04::Also, does Gallo have allergies? Every time they zoom in on him he looks like he's about to sneeze.
bearsbball12::The Lakers hype is so annoying. They win 2 home games, one against the Celtics on the 2nd night of a B2B and the other against Portland who now has lost 7 straight, suddenly all their problems are solved. LOL.
bearsbball12::If pressed, I'd have to choose Kobe. Along with what Justine said, I hate how he seems to think he's MJ 2.0
jayeteee::Who do you guys hate the most on the Lakers? My response would be Artest, w/ Kobe right on his tail.
JustineS04::Kobe. Hands down. Not even close. You can excuse some of Artest's behavior because he's legitimately mentally ill. Kobe is just an ayhole.
bearsbball12::Oh man, it's tough to choose just one.
JustineS04::I really hope not. I'm having the time of my life watching them struggle.
jayeteee::If you watch Gallo, even when he's not hurt he looks like running is a struggle. LOL. And being Italian, could you see him playing soccer?
JustineS04::Brewer said he'd be a farmer.
bearsbball12::Too tall for soccer lol
JustineS04::He's said if he wasn't playing basketball, he'd be swimming. They asked this question after the lockout. Supposedly he's a good swimmer. That's really all you need to know.
bearsbball12::I missed Miller's comments after the game. Enlighten me, jay.
jayeteee::Thanks, Justine.
JustineS04::I'm here to report on everything Miller says, good and bad.
JustineS04::Re the lob pass: "You just have to throw it up to them guys and they'll go and get it. That's pretty much what I was thinking."  Re Javale and Kenneth: "Makes my job easier. You know they'll go and get it. I don't mind helping them get a Sportscenter highlight. I think they like that. It was a good effort."
bearsbball12::Thanks. I like those a lot more than his previous comments.
JustineS04::You're welcome. Me too.
JustineS04::Re D: "Could've easily gone the other way. We talked about rebounding and defense and we found away to do some of that in the 2nd half."  Re How good the Nuggets can be with defensive focus: "We can be one of the better teams in the league. It's a mentality thing, you know, how you approach the start of the game, and the games through out. We have our ups and downs, our inconsistencies right now. We're going to have to rely on our defense and forcing turnovers to make a run in the playoffs."
jayeteee::Just no negative inferences and sounded like he thought we had a chance. I think the trade deadline puts a lot of pressure on players.
Bossman1089::Lawson is one of the most underrated players in the nba
jayeteee::He's starting to get there, but I think the ignorance of the refs is only going to make him better.
JustineS04::Karl was spot on there.
bearsbball12::Memphis plays @Brooklyn tomorrow night. That won't be easy. Hopefully the Nets can help us out.
OmniVersal::If the Nuggets can get the 4th seed at least they could do a lot of damage in the playoffs.
ksooklal::like get out of the first round...?
jayeteee::If they could get out of the 1st round they're confidence will be sky high.
JustineS04::He's consistent on D, which is what we need. The offense has been starting to come along with some hiccups. But overall, it's on an upward trend. Could use some FT practice too.
bearsbball12::I love his defense, offensively though he's been pretty disappointing.
jayeteee::I like Iguodala, just wish he was more consistent.
bearsbball12::I'm sure Iggy will pick up his option after this season. There's no way he'll get 16.1M on the open market.
JustineS04::I hope they get out this year, and then do some real damage next year or the year after that. Gonna have to re-sign Iguodala, I think though. Without him, there is no defense.
JustineS04::"I don't mind the high risk turnover." Oh Andre Miller, we know you don't.
jayeteee::But we need a guy w/ ice in his veins. Just like a shooter shooting blanks keeps shooting 'til he come out of it.
JustineS04::Hope so. Karl reigning in Miller and sticking up for Ty! Wow. If that's the case, don't fire him.
jayeteee::Tonight his tone was different, maybe Karl talked to him.
JustineS04::I love that too. Actually, I like a lot of his game (head fakes, outlet passes, the steals). Mostly, I'm unhappy with what he said in the papers, and I'm still irked about that Celtics' game. Sucks that our veteran guy doesn't believe we can go anywhere. Even if he thinks that, he shouldn't have said it.
jayeteee::In all honesty, a lot of the Nuggets do dumb things, just some more than others. I love his short mans post up game.
JustineS04::I agree, except that guy is named Danilo Gallinari. The ice in Andre Miller's veins is affecting his brain (cough, Celtics game). I like that he's not afraid to shoot or make a risky play, but that doesn't give him license to do dumb stuff (take meaningful 3s late).
jayeteee::spell 3  (spl) n. 1. A short, indefinite period of time.  Justine!
jayeteee::Nothing personal, just saying. LOL. And I'm far from being a southerner other than I was born in South America.
JustineS04::Oh, I'm not offended. Just surprised everyone knows what it means, and I've never heard it. It sounds kinda southern. The more you know...
JustineS04::Seriously? Is that a Southern thing? I've never heard that expression. Sorry. Vocabulary lesson on the ESPN boards. This is new.
OmniVersal::Nice game! Kemba Walker is so much fun to watch and the Nuggets as a whole are entertaining. Lawson, JaVale and the Manimal doing great.
JustineS04::Sassy T'ed up GK&gt;Cough drop sucking GK.
JustineS04::Yes, George Karl, call out the NBA officials! Get a fine. DO IT. "Ty got beat up. Still ends up with 20 points . . . And if he'd ever get a fair whistle, he'd probably score a lot more points."
JustineS04::This is probably the proudest I've been of GK in recent memory.
CHIPS and SALSA83::later Nuggets fans!
JustineS04::jayeteee - Miller is an enigma, but I still think we need him to spell Ty.  Huh?
jayeteee::Just that Andre is in a world of his own and says some pretty crazy stuff, but we need him.
JustineS04::Oh haha, although they're usually out there together. We do need a backup PG. It'd be nice if the backup PG believed his team could get out of the first round, but maybe I'm asking too much...
jayeteee::What bears said. LOL.   "Why don't you all come down and sit a spell."
ESPNisBSN3WS::we all have those moments
bearsbball12::Spelling as in giving him a rest lol
JustineS04::I get that. I'm with you. But what is this about spelling Ty? You think he has a magical influence on Ty?
Alex47666::i wonder y does a team the lakers who are ranked 12th in the conference get on abc and get home court every dam game
ksooklal::Los angeles is the second most populated city behind new york... what, is the abc supposed to show games in podunk, charlette north carolina?
jayeteee::HOLLYWOOOOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!
habs fans cant stop me::big market
jayeteee::Delusional TV sponsors.
CHIPS and SALSA83::big market, big names
JustineS04::Huge (and insufferable) fan base.
JustineS04::Lakers' pick that they traded to Phoenix isn't protected, right?
jayeteee::IDK.
CHIPS and SALSA83::so, who's ready to stick it to LA on Monday!?!
ESPNisBSN3WS::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9f8Ky5RGLc
jayeteee::I love Marv Albert for basketball.
ESPNisBSN3WS::hopefully it goes like this
jayeteee::It's like playing the Raiders to me. I loathe the Lakers.
CHIPS and SALSA83::nah, Raiders are worse but mainly because of their fans
JustineS04::I loathe them more than the Raiders.
JustineS04::I hope we destroy them. I'm so tempted to go.
Alex47666::i think kobe ready to realize he aint making the playoffs   and we love kicking laker $@% in denver so i predict a blowout
Rockiesnuggetswinitall::habs fans cant stop me - kobe will not make the playoffs  Crazy, never thought that day would come!
habs fans cant stop me::kobe will not make the playoffs
