justinbrooks509::Man theres a whole lotta hatin goin on why aint you haterz  jus keepin your mouths shut till your team wins a game quit makin excuses. it sad man real sad im depressed for ya'll warriors fans so much unjustified hope man.......................................
jmfinn77::Attention Clippers fans...the Timberwolves are up on the Thunder...That must mean that the Timberwolves will win it all!
ListenToMeAndYouWillKnow::Where are all the jealous Laker fans here to hate?
sf_nick7667::every one hop onto the clipper band wagon!
supordupor23::Biedrins and Lee outplayed Griffin and Jordan.  If the Warriors could hit some jumpers they woulda won that game.  I'm not very impressed by the Clips, they only really opened up the lead after the game was already over
justinbrooks509::and no $@%! you hafta hit shots to win and the warriors didnt hit shots so they lost whats your point? oh and 8 of those shots they didnt hit was because dj put em in the stands. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
justinbrooks509::man please with chauncey, blake, and cp3 scoring in the 20's, Dj aint there to score points, he is payed to lock up the paint, so what he cant shoot freethrows either can blake or dwight howard so what they arent good now??? please warriors fans just makin excuses 8 blocks homie earned his paychecks.... and lee cant defend a wet kitten SHUTUP BOY.....
jmfinn77::and leave it at that...It was a win
Toyonaka3115::bottom line, clippers won. no matter what the stats say, the most important stat is the one on the scoreboard after the last buzzer!
jmfinn77::these clippers fans are desperate
supordupor23::Ok, how was DJs rebounding?  Don't start getting a boner for the clippers guys, you will always suck.  Warriors have a banner hanging in our arena, something you will never ever ever have.
Jthizz69::honestly leave it to a warriors' fan to think the game is all about scoring...
jmfinn77::that is mentally handicapped it bleeped out R 3 t a r t 3 d
jmfinn77::P.S.  I apologize for my rude respons - but only if you are mentally $@%!$@%! or under the age of 12.
jmfinn77::If your going to win you have to hit shots...just in case you missed this point of the game - you add points to the score every time a player makes a basket.
Jthizz69::warriors were also -18! with Lee on the floor because he's so bad on defense. go check the box
jmfinn77::They were -18 with Lee on the floor because S Curry (usually close to a 50% shooter) was 2 for 12 from the floor and had 4 points.  Considering your ignorance of the game - you might not realize that he usually scores 19 per game.  You can't blame Lee for Curry's early season's rust.
Jthizz69::did the clippers sign him for those? people on these forums are so ignorant...
jmfinn77::are you making excuses for player that refuses to practice shooting - last time I checked shooting is a fundamental of the game...let him have 10 blocks...M Jackson made the right move using hack-a-Jordan in the third period.  They kept it up until his but was benched.
supordupor23::Tell me how DJ's scoring was?  Or his free throw shooting?
Jthizz69::lol DJ had 8 blocks, tell me again he got outplayed. and all your last point means is that the clippers played lazy in the first 3 quarters because they knew they could outcompete the warriors at any time, that time being the 4th. give me a break please
hitmansamson::Clippers are the next BIG thing in L.A. They will be like 80's showtime lakers 2.0 with this deadly loaded talent
justinbrooks509::lakers fans are delusional they think kobe is still in his prime and gasol is tough LMAO no hope in that franchise for at least 5 years
playsumD::Magic &gt; CP3 ...Kareem &gt; Deandre ...Byron Scott = Billups ... Big Game James &gt; Caron Butler ... Griffin &gt; Thompson ......... Tell me how they are better than the Lakers showtime era ?
jllinn::Hitman didn't say the Clips are better than the showtime Lakers.  He said they are going to be LIKE the showtime Lakers. There's a big difference. Hitman's just saying that the Clips are going to be a lot of fun to watch.  Man Laker fans are touchy.
legacyreaper32::CP3-peat baby!
PelhamRange::God here we go..  The Clippers beat a horrible Warriors team on opening night.  Now come the bandwagon jumpers on ESPN for the next few weeks to annoint them the next dynasty.   I'm surprised Chris Broussard hasn't "projected" them to 50 wins already.
justinbrooks509::man F a bandwagon they have a solid team. good young players. why not be excited? cp3 got the hornets THE HORNETS to the playoffs an they didnt have blakes double double or DJs blocks or chaunceys experience or carons toughness. shutup about a bandwagon son
Jthizz69::many are bandwagons, I am not...but the guy above you probably is, if there's any reference to 32, Blake Griffin, or CP3 chances are its a bandwagon fan. I'm still rocking my Eric Gordon jersey from his rookie year and miss him more than I like any of the pickups, not that I'll deny Chris Paul is the best PG in the NBA and this should make the Clippers contenders as long as he is there. I've also liked the Clippers longer than that but wasn't about to get a Kaman, Maggette, Brand, Richardson, or Miles jersey. All are more irrelevant than before.
SportsFan1STAND10::Clippers vs Heat for the Finals!
justinbrooks509::who challenges the clipps in the west besides the thunder???
chocolatethunder.::&lt;$@%!
lambo425::Definitely not gonna happen this year. Maybe on year 2 or 3, if things go as planned that is.
RMXG8::I DONT SEE CLIPS BEATING MIAMI OR OKC
Jthizz69::lol the way OKC played last night we could easily beat them, not to mention we creamed the Heat last year, dropped a 44-point first quarter against em. Here's the proof http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOf3ogkBgwQ. so many clippers' highlights in that game.
AZdude274::Mark Jackson will go down as the worse hire in the history of the NBA. The good thing is I don't have to listen to those God awful "momma there go that man again" dumb talk on Sundays.
supordupor23::You are able to predict a coaches entire career after one game?  That is an impressive talent
Dexter1789::Hopefully somebody out there offer a coaching job to Van Gundy as well
PelhamRange::Worse hiring for ESPN or Warriors?
RMXG8::LEE DOMINATED GRIFFIN...
justinbrooks509::-18 hahahaha
chocolatethunder.::
lambo425::RRRiiiiiggghhhht. Lee did have a good game but as far as domination, you're delusional. I didn't see Lee scoring on Griffin at will
jongrman21::They have jordan at 6'11 and griffin at 6'10 down low.  Both are big bodies.  They should be able to get the boards they need to.  Jordan doesn't need to block every shot.  Just contest it and box out.  They'll get it all sorted out.   Winning your first game by 19 is a pretty good sign.
guster3455::griffin's looking to run, not rebound
CosmoKramer1444::Except he averaged 12 last season
guster3455::billips might be a problem - way too many shots and took them outside of any flow in the offense
FriscoWarriors415::Trade Monta Ellis and get someone like andre iguadala or rudy gay. Thats what we are missing. Once we can get someone like that we will be a play off team
PelhamRange::no.  no you wont.
MatrixISR::Chris Paul's calling out the rebounding as horrendous.  Not sure that would be what I would do on a new team with new team mates.  Being a team leader has to be earned, its not a right.  Shut up and do your job.
cheetob3::youre the clippers... you share the city with the lakers. When CP3 talks you listen... you traded everything to get him he already has a voice you dumbace
zlaguar1::we signed reggie evans.. averaged 12 boards per game last year.. most rebounds per minute played
gt1master_ike::The rebounding is going to be horrendous and was horrendous last night.They have only one true center on the roster with Jordan and he can't hoard rebounds if he is trying to block every single shot attempt. Everyone on the team will need to crash the Defensive boards because with a Defensive Rebound Rate as low as it was last night, they will not win many games unless their offense is on fire.
galagator25::The Clippers looked good but they also looked like they will struggle against bigger teams on the boards early on, they corrected it as the game went on but they can't expect to win come playoff time with Butler leading them in boards.  Also Jordan was crazy good on the defensive end.
lob_angeles::The Clippers greatness aside, I really like that Klay Thompson guy.  A solid draft pick.  The son of Michael Thompson (who I like), you know his father is giving him great advice.  He may turn out to be better than most of the top 10 picks.
jetstorm1985::When is Jackson going to win a game????????????????
jmfinn77::because he is an elite scorer who has one of the quickest first steps around!
FriscoWarriors415::Trade Monta Ellis and get someone like andre iguadala or rudy gay. Thats what we are missing. Once we can get someone like that we will be a play off team
guster3455::why would a good team want ellis?
jmfinn77::I love Jackson...I hope he becomes a good coach.  He is easy to root for.
jetstorm1985::I was joking. I think he will be real good!!!!! :)
jmfinn77::Give him time with this team...the warriors are not that bad.  They have some good pieces in place.
jmfinn77::and some good trade assets.
lob_angeles::Clippers won by the highest margin yesterday.  They legit.  Hater gonna HATE!!!!
zlaguar1::clips are legit.. first regular season together with 3 new starters and win by 19 on the road.
jmfinn77::But the Heat/Mavs game was the most lop sided.  lob should watch some basketball before making ridiculous comments and coming to ridiculous conclusions!
lob_angeles::yeah the score ran up because they good.  Only a matter of time before Chris Paul beastness kicked in.
RMXG8::SCORE WAS RAN UP IN FINAL MINS
I know more than you boy::8 blocks by Jordan?? That has to be close to some sort of record.
jmfinn77::I think the record in 17 for blocks but he came close to breaking the free throw record!
FinsUp Miami::Alongside his other record last night - 2000 missed free throws.
RMXG8::LEE WAS THE BEST PLAYER OF THE GAME.
RMXG8::BLAKE LOOKS LIKE SLOTH FROM GOONIES..LMAO
USISBEST::Go EASY on the caps son! Now real easy, let go of those nuts you been hugging.
chocolatethunder.::$@%!
DaBostonStrangler10::Looking at the Clippers starting lineup, this team is LOADED! No wonder why they're the buzz of LA right now. Chauncey Billups brings them a ton of veteran leadership, and Caron Butler (if he stays healthy) provides them veteran leadership and rebounding. Plus Ryan Gomes and Mo Williams are nice pieces coming off the bench. I had no idea that the Clippers were THIS loaded.
lambo425::Agree on everything except with Gome. He flat out sucks. He can't run, shoot, rebound, or play defense. He was supposed give us shooting last year but he stunk it up only shooting in the high 30s. He can sit at the end of the bench as far as I'm concerned.
Dub_M89::Clips need a SG, Billups isn't a good enough shooter. 40% from the field and 33% from 3 last season, that won't get it done. Let Billups run 2nd string PG, he needs the ball in his hands.
DaBostonStrangler10::When you have Chris Paul and Blake Griffin, you don't need that great of a shooting guard.
RMXG8::THE GAME WAS REALLY ALOT CLOSER THAN THE SCORE. THE SCORE WAS RAN UP IN THE FINAL MIN.
ohmyb0b::Is it just me or did chris paul get fat?
RMXG8::I WAS NOT INPRESSED BY THE CLIPPERS.
zlaguar1::RMX is a laker fan who is bitter his team is now second in LA
CosmoKramer1444::I was not inpressed by your spelling
bstoff350::Ill hold my praises and accolades from the 'new' Clippers, a) it was the Warrors they beat and further b) monta ellis was off his game.  Talk to me when they give the top dogs a ride
DatBoy64::Griffin's ugly, Griffin's ugly, Griffin's ugly!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!..........................
itsaboutteam::get a life.
DatBoy64::It's an ESPN blog dude.. this is where we let it "all hang out".  And Griffin is quite the ugly specimen.  Could you at least offer your insights in this area &amp; tell me if you agree... or if you think Griffin is actually easy of the eyes!?!?
JazzFanFromINDIA::As A Jazz Fan ...I m happy to see the result of this game  More The GS Lose .....Higher The Jazz Draft :)
STProcks23::Anyone else notice how fat Chris Paul looks (his arms have no definition)? Apparently, he grew that little leprechaun beard to give his face a shape.
zlaguar1::Huge clipper fan but his arms look fat
jmfinn77::Blind?
jmfinn77::not at all...I's a basketball fan who likes the Knicks...read below
jmfinn77::There are a lot of players that look terrible.  It's a shame that these guys are getting the money they are getting to simply rest in there natural abilities.    Shame on these players to not be in shape - especially after getting the deal they got from the new CBA.  There is NO way any of these guys are worth the money they are getting.
Dub_M89::Jealous?
jmfinn77::And an unbiased opinion...I'm not really sure the Clips are any better than the Warriors.  Hate to burst your bubble BUT the lop-sided score was mainly due to rust on the part of the Warriors shooters.  Their BEST shooter was 2 of 12 and 0 for 4 from down town with a total of 4 points.  Curry averaged almost 19 points last season.    Oh yea...and the Clips best player (Paul) is a bit slow and overweight - he was routinely smoked on D - I love Paul's game but he needs to get to work on his body.   Blake played poorly also.  Lets wait and see how this team gels.  Right now...lets hold off on all of the championship talk until the Clips make the playoffs - which is NOT for sure yet people.  There are a ton of better teams in the West - including the Lakers.  The Clips are not there yet - but will be soon!
FriscoWarriors415::I honestly do think the warriors are the better team. Like you said our shooters were choking tonight. If those shots went in which they will in the future, we will be able to beat the clippers. there aint nothing great happening over there. It aint Lob city. Too much hype on that team that wont really do much come playoffs
jmfinn77::I'm not really sure the Clips got that much better adding Paul - they gave up a ton in return.  Paul gives the clips the slightest bit more than Eric Gordon - lets not forger that EG was a solid player for the Clips...they are going to miss that.    C Butler is not nearly as good as people give him credit for.   Kris Kamen might have been hurt a bunch but the Clips will miss that depth at the center spot.  Kris is a whole lot better that D Jordan when healthy.  To be honest Billips is probably their best addition - the question will be weather he can stay healthy for the season - at his age it is a big question.    And the clips lack actual NBA player depth.  If anyone goes down they are in real trouble.
jmfinn77::The Clips are solid but they are far from great at this point in time.
jmfinn77::...and these are not negative comments - they are unbiased assessments.  At least my comments are.
jmfinn77::The Lakers wins were in preseason...since when does preseason matter?  Not sure the first few games of the season will be a solid measuring tool...Wait until February.  The game is very sloppy right now.
mrskinnybob::Clippers play the Spurs next, maybe after that some of these negative comments will be put to rest. I mean Clippers beat the Lakers back to back and went into Golden State and beat them, but then again haters gonna hate.
SamuelQbell::Dude you must be smoking crack if you think the Warriors are a better team.. stop making excuses for that scrub of a team. Paul is in perfect shape played good minutes and put the fork in the Warriors last night. If he is out of shape and he scored 20 and dished out 9 assist his first real game with a new team.. I like to see when he gets in what ever shape you want him to be in, he probably will score 30 and dish out 20 assist. David Lee is good but not in the same breath as Blake.
jmfinn77::Right Griffin now is a one dimensional offensive player and a subpar defender.  Explosive athlete who can dunk and rebound but lets leave it at that - A slightly better version of Josh Smith.
jmfinn77::I'll say Griffin is a freak athlete - NOT quite as good of a basketball player as Lee is.  Don't get me wrong - I would take Griffin over Lee - BUT Griffin needs to work on his shot/free throws/defensive awareness.  He's got a long way to go!    If he puts the work in on his shot - which I'm not convinced these young athletes will - he has the potential to be a K Malone type player - BUT it remains to be seen.
jmfinn77::I've also been watching and loving the game since 1983!  Trust me your vision is - at this point - skewed
jmfinn77::I'm not a warriors fan...I'm a basketball fan who likes the Knicks but realizes there are a lot of better teams out there.  I am realistic and NOT biased.
jmfinn77::Paul scored all of his points in the 4th quarter - after the warriors were done!
jmfinn77::Learn to read before responding...Never said better!  Said the Clips are not better.  They are essentially evenly matched at this point.  Things might change as the season moves along.  Wait and see before you gamble all of your money away.
jmfinn77::The best player on the floor ALL night was David Lee!  The guy is amazingly consistent...and a good character guy also.  I'm neither a fan of the Clippers or the Warriors.
jmfinn77::I know...I love this guy.  He is totally overmatched most times he plays - He puts a ton of work into his game and has a high IQ.  Imagine if B Griffin puts this type of work in his game!  He would be unstoppable!
itsaboutteam::kind of sucks that David Lee went to Golden State when he was a free agent.  I would have loved to see him on a relevant playoff team.
jdr1310::The amount of dominance in L.A. is beginning to slowly shift.
jayala2009::I am in two minds about this Clippers' win:  1. Anytime you win by 19 points, it is an impressive win, but see #2:  2. It is just the Warriors. They are routinely "all over the place": Even when they do score a lot of points, they give up a lot of points, too. I like the confidence that Mark Jackson has in his team in saying that the Warriors are a playoff-calibur team, but they need more than a miracle for that to happen if this kind of play continues.  As for the amount of turnovers that teams have been having, with the lockout stuff going on and a minimal offseason, all the big moves that a minimal offseason can cram together, a minimal training camp, and few practices before yesterdays games, I expect this trend to continue for at least 10 more games as players get used to playing with new teammates. The teams that didn't lose a lot of key players, or, in the Clippers' case, gained a lot of key players, have the advantage, at least for now.
burgess1731::People really are this reactionary o.O...
BearJWS::I see $7 million Kwame Brown had a stellar game.  7 mins, 1 pt, 1 rb.  Pick up of the year so far!
Omar Jenkins::Saw that Deandre got 8 blocks this game?  Something about these Clippers is on. Even though it is just Golden State, this Clippers team looks in order and ready to make some noise.
conlevis::you said it......it is just Golden State.
Mattdawg835::Clippers ony weak spot...Free Throws! or they win by 40pts....D. Jordan &amp; Blake Griffin will get an ear full from Paul if they don't get better at the line. Terrible
Laker Fan 17::If I got an earfull from Paul about FTs I would start practicing my FTs.
DatBoy64::Chris Paul's a c*cksucker.  If that beyotch tried giving me an earful I'd smack him around the room until that beyotch begged me for forgiveness
ryroll::ya except you don't make millions of dollars in the NBA, and you can't beat up a professional athelete
mrskinnybob::As long as other teams only foul Chauncey, they will be fine. lol.
Mattdawg835::The Clippers are so good, they can play bad and win by 20pts...SIMPLE as that haters....The Clippers have stole the city of L.A.
fahmishoed::Really? "Cruise by" the warriors...clearly the writer of this article didn't watch the game. It was a close, hard fought game until the final 4-5minutes...
mrskinnybob::Keep it close and better teams open it up at the end, that 90% of all NBA games.  Did you see all the jump shots Blake was taking? unnecessary with the point guard(s) LA has. It looked like LA was practicing 100 different plays until the end.
Mattdawg835::It was never a doubt, CP3 would take over at the end...so yes they were cruising
vap88::Decent opener for CP3
Mattdawg835::Yea, He's still figuring out his team...20pts.9 assist.2 steals 2 rebounds.....They will only get better
7728 disco lemonade::One whole game in the books and Chris Paul, Blake Griffin or David Lee didn't get injured ... wow
Mattdawg835::CP3 is not going to get hurt, I don't care what the past was....hopefully, Griffin does not hit his head on the rim all season.
BearJWS::Besides if Paul gets hurt, the Clippers have like 5 other PGs.  LOL
CandySparker::I expect LAC - NYK in NBA Finals.
Mattdawg835::LAC  vs CP3's friends The Heat!
ListenToMeAndYouWillKnow::I expect u 2 b wrong
BearJWS::LOL
smallsboi12::I didn't watch the game, but I saw Billups and Paul both started..who was running the point? I expect they both had multiple moments on the court together..
Mattdawg835::Paul runs this team...Billups took a few bad shots and had some turnovers but overall he was decent.
fahmishoed::Paul Was running the point while Billups played SG it worked out excellent.
Patriots-2012-NFL-Champions::Rajon Rondo for  2011-2012  NBA  MVP:  #1 in assists, #1 in steals, #3 in points  The Great Rajon Rondo has 31 points per game, 5 steals per game, 13 assists per game, and 5 rebounds per game.
Mattdawg835::and Rondo lost...nuff said! he's STILL GARBAGE
BlazerSully::liking your own comments= pathetic
dngwr::i'd be shocked if the warriors win half of their games
rjblives::New Warrior owners same crappy team!
Mattdawg835::CP3 was in their grill all game long...
RMXG8::ELLIS WAS BLOWING BY CP3 ALL GAME .
dngwr::consistently scoring,  not gonna happen. hold teams around 90? nope. 20-46 another coach gone
dngwr::without curry and ellis the warriors are screwed. ooooooo david lee scores 21
giantsfaithful::what game were u watching?  ...the warriors looked way different. we rebounded and had a prescense defensively. yeah curry and monta couldn't shoot but do u really expect that to continue?
daleprice702::3* - [216] Missouri -6 -105 vs North Carolina 3* - [215] North Carolina OVER 52.5 -105 vs Missouri 3* - [1] Colorado Avalanche +1.5 -265 vs Minnesota Wild 3* - [710] Indiana Pacers -8.5 -110 vs Detroit Pistons 3* - [5] New York Islanders +1.5 -160 vs New York Rangers 3* - [131] Atlanta Falcons OVER 52 -107 vs New Orleans Saints 3* - [131] Atlanta Falcons +6.5 -101 vs New Orleans Saints 3* - [18] Los Angeles Kings -140 vs Phoenix Coyotes 3* - [722] Portland Trailblazers -4 -110 vs Philadelphia 76ers 3* - [20] San Jose Sharks -230 vs Anaheim Ducks These plays are being tracked under the username kaspersports at Line.com  Email me at dpwolf84@gmail.com for the whole week free...
