Brian Belcher::Yay ! T-Wolves !
John Osaki Jr.::Some people think Rubio is overrated, but I don't. Check out his great "potential"  in Dominique Wilkins and Pete Maravich's chapter in the new edition 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
Devin Baranick::I love the Wolves but I'm betting against them tonight. I guess its a win/win situation for me. If Mavs win I get a little bit of money, if wolves win I will be happy with the impressive road victory.
Jeffrey Reed::Go Wolves! :)
Jeffrey Reed::Go Wolves! :)
Lester Ayers::he mavs gets no calls....and why is it the mavs run so many plays for vince carter
Brian Belcher::The greatest team in the world won !
Vladimir Tsalyuk::figures Minnesota fans would be this thrilled after they finally won a game
Anthony Wing::well yeah we just lost 3 or 4. are you mad you lost your last 4 of 5? losing feels crappy.
Nathan Skinner::These refs need to be fired.
Darrell Ceo Brown::I think rick needs to sit vince carter. He isn't really helping the team offensively and is horrid defensively. He should play ellington more, he is a better 3ptr and more athletic than vc
Anderson Chua::how is this fair ? West 11 teams above .500 , East 2 teams above .500 .. Indiana and Miami can coast .. .the whole regular season preparing for the playoffs right now..
Jesse Huber::The East is such a joke right now. It's like why even play those games? Oh boy I can't wait to watch Indiana and Miami beat up on the Bucks and Nets a few more times! There's zero reason to watch games from that conference.
Anthony Wing::Jesse Huber i know. when will the east teams finally start beating the west teams in front of us??? haha thats never gonna happen.
John Martin::Another bad shooting night for Rickety Ricky Rubio.  Wolves have a lot of Love but little else.
Anthony Wing::? our weakness is our bench, not rubio.
Jacob Dockter::how in the cluck is min up 7 in this game, looking at the boxscore makes no sense. come on dallas. get this game won.
Nathan Skinner::Free throws...
David Morley::Let me get this straight....the Mavs are 8-1 at home, 2-7 on road but the refs screw them at home?
Anthony Wing::what are you talkin about?
Nathan Skinner::Look at FT differential and inside scoring difference. Dallas drove it way more tonight because the three wasn't falling and they couldn't get a call. Dallas is 23rd in FT differential this season, yet they have the best transition player in the league (statistically). That makes no sense.
Calvarius Harper::you're blind if u watched that joke of a game and couldn't see the mavs got screwed
Fjodor Balla::I'm disgusted by last night's loss.Mavs better come out and run the Wolves out of the building tonight
Nathan Skinner::Um...are we playing in Minnesota or do they just not call fouls for the home team anymore?
Lester Ayers::why have they stopped running the pick and roll with monta and dirk
Calvarius Harper::THIS GAME WAS FREAKING RIGGED AND U CANT CONVINCE ME IT WASN'T
Quenten Oldenburg::k
Anthony Wing::uhh ok.
Josh Jordan::How are the Wolves always in it when they play the Mavs
Anthony Wing::you must be young..thats not regular thats recent----alwayssss i wish(50 win mavs teams while the wolves tank every year is mostly what i remember..)
Allison Russell::Common Wolves!! You CAN do this!!!!!!
Robert Reno::Mavs get no ref love at home...ever
Shawn Bento::K-Mart -- where was this last year?
Anthony Wing::bench on okc
Shawn Catlin::How is that not a foul on dirk?
Joshua Lower::screw the mavs
Anthony Wing::what;s your goal here?
Javier Rey::hello, how is rubio's performance going?
Junior Ramon Hernandez Rosal::AnocheDALLAS fue sorprendido por ATLANTA y ni siquiera pudo anotar 90 puntos. Hoy va contra unos WOLVES que tienen un ofensiva mayor que la de ellos. TIMBERWOLVES WILL WIN MY PEOPLE.
