Balldiñho II::One man and one many only can save a underachieving Knicks team from this ---> LINsanity
Alex Vargas::Naw man. Not even CP3. Plus prigioni is a stud. (sarcasm)
Andy P Kordyban::"Welcome to Burger King, my name is Mike Woodson, would you like to add a whopper to your meal for $1.99?"  Regards, Tomorrow
Steven Rivera::Knicks need a big time PG, We are not going to do anything with Felton as the starter
PJ ReinAlwayz Hall::Yes!!!!!!!!!!
James W. Ballantyne::agree totally.
Enash Waca::Better trade for Jeremy Lin so he can save them yet again
Steven Rivera::Lin should try and save his starting job in Houston before saving an entire team
Elijah Rochford::Lol the Knicks are a joke and Lin is still better than felton even coming off the bench, good game by the cavs tho
Matt Micros::Steven Rivera. Lin comes off the bench there because it enables the team to run everything through him with the second unit. When Harden is out, he starts and thing run through him as well. Hence the reason he went for 34 and 31 points when Harden was out. He would be a SIGNIFICANT upgrade over Felton and Prigioni, who combined aren't averaging what he is. Letting Lin go was only one of many many mistakes made by management. It's unfortunate that Woodson will probably end up taking the fall for other people's mistakes.
Kyle Miller::Cavs: 125 Bricks: 62
Adam Blevins::The Knicks are the prototype for what's wrong with the NBA, a bunch of overpaid lazy talent that can't play together.
Steven Rivera::I wouldnt call Melo lazy, the guy been there best scorer since the trade and this year he's averaging 26-10 far from lazy. Biggest mistake was Amare
Leon C. Saunders::ONCE AGAIN...like i said before SHUMP, JR and FELTON are playing like ISH and people want to blame MELO that he doesn't make anybody better!!!
James W. Ballantyne::right on my man!
Alex Vargas::Melo doesn't make anyone better. but that's not his job. They need a star PG to make the team flourish.
Tony Hartmann::Knicks getting smashed again. Can't wait for another Stephen A. Smith meltdown.
Jake Mac::Keep on losing Knicks. Nuggets are loving their future 1st round pick.
Marc Pascal::Is the pick protected in any way? e.g. top 3?
J.p. Lawrence::Marc Pascal Nope!
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Raymond Felton is the worst PG in the NBA
Jay Melz::THE KNICKS WENT TO PORTLAND AND GOT THE WRONG PG  LOL
Alex Vargas::Jay Melz Well they had him, traded him, and then tried to pick him up again. Bad move.
Jeff Lennon::Just another example of the joke that is Carmelo Anthony, he has talent and is a very good player, but he is simply "not a teammate" ... Carmelo could score 50 every game and his team will still lose more than they win
Tracey Johnson::Are you serious? I mean he was kicking the ball out the whole night to Felton,JR,Bargnani and even Shumpert they just weren't hitting. Now I do agree with you when he shoots 8 for like 23 or something like that is just forcing up shots and not good for the team but 12-19 for 29 points is pretty good especially since he should have had at least 8 assist if the guys could hit open shots.
Steven Censored::I wouldn't blame melo, imagine if he was balling Kyrie tonight....That would make Cleveland a legit contender!  The Knicks have been plagued with injuries....They need a solid PG and for Chandler to stay healthy, even if the Knicks score& better you needed Chandler, Kyrie would not have been assaulting the rim like that if he was out there.....Coming from a Cavs fan.
Jason Benjamin Poag::Remember back when lin turned these losers into winners when melo and amare were 'injured'
Shaun Mitts::Lin won games against sub .500 teams. big whoop
Elijah Rochford::Lol but Shaun the Knicks can't beat those teams now...
Frank Walsh::What a pathetic knick team
Lisa Beatty::Lets go Cavs.....
Tung Nguyen::Melo's legacy: -One of the best scorers in the nba (Career fg% = 33%, 3pt% = 33%). Half the league shoots better than that. -Been to several playoffs, made it out of the 1st rd only twice. -(+/-) -40 vs. rebuilding C's (pathetic)  Melo fanboys need pull their head out of uknowwhat and realize he's just way toooo overrated.
Tung Nguyen::correction: career fg% is 45%. Still is worse than half the league.
Steven Rivera::Dude lay off the crack eh, Melo is better then alot of NBA players and is almost unguardable in the league. Since he came to NY he's been the Knicks highest scorer. I dont understand the hate? you guys act like other superstars are winning championships left and right. Last time I checked the only team to beat is the Heat and Lebron being as great as he is couldn't win anything without teaming up with some star players.
Mason Coates::Melo has never missed the playoffs in his career. He usually isn't the reason why his team fails in the playoffs. He isn't the reason the Knicks are losing. I blame poor coaching and awful management *Cough*Dolan*cough*. This team has the ability to recover and make the playoffs (it's not a hard conference in the slightest). -A Mavericks fan.
Rick New::Why do the Knicks give up 30 FRIGGIN POINTS EVERY 1ST QTR? This team is complete trash.....I'm done with the Knicks.   They will have another Pathetic Embarrassing Loss tomorrow night to the Bulls.  Fire Woodson......Fire somebody.....Shake this team up.
Tony Hartmann::I can't believe they put that game on ESPN.
Cashis' King::So uh.....where's all those Knick fans screaming "they're back".....after beating 2 sub .500 teams last week?
Marcus Grein::Melo was a beast, thats all that matters. Now we just gotta fire Woody and send JR to the mental hospital.
Chelo Mejias::This knicks team reminds me of that knicks team from the movie "Eddie" starring whoopie goldberg Ivan make basket!
Chris Mathis::You admit to watching a Whoopi movie?
Cam Perry::Chris Mathis sister act is a classic though
Chris Mathis::Cam Perry  I'm just pickin with him. One of my favorite movies is Ghost. LoL
Steven Rivera::Melo averaging 26-10 this season, So how is he "dragging down the Knicks"? Some fans are clueless. This team is losing cause of other reasons not Melo
Tung Nguyen::Other reasons like not playing defense and stopping his teams offense... no, that's not Melo. (+/-) -40 which is the worst of any players for the last game, no that's not Melo.
Jason Nieves::Tung Nguyen rebounding is a defensive category wtf you talking bout? like my dawg Steven Rivera ·stated in his comment...some fans are clueless!!!
Ryan Byrne::Are his stats dragging the team down? No. But he's made it very clear throughout his career that he cannot make his teammates better.
T Dugger Dick::It's still early... But next year the Cavs might be looking to trade Bennett to the Indianapolis Colts.
Kevin Miller::I think the Knicks have more to worry about than the Cavs right now.
Scott Carter::Stephen A Smith has to be on at least his 700th heart attack of the season thus far.
Allen Greene::Steven A should be the coach he would rip into the team more then Woodson is doing so far.
Andy P Kordyban::This is my favorite defensive lineup for the Knicks.   PG - Udrih SG - Felton SF - J.R. Smith PF - Stoudemire  C - Bargnani
John Zuchowski::I hope that was sarcasm
Michael Fields::Hater
Jody George Prats::Looks like Kyrie introduced Melo to the nasty!
Marcus Grein::How so? Melo had a great game also, got no support.
Dick Sherm::I love seeing the Knicks suck
John Curlin::The Cavs blowout the Knicks. Kyrie smoked the Knicks for 37.  How bad are the Knicks......and how bad will they be next year when Carmelo bolts via free agency.
Andrew R Morgan::Melo leaving or quiting may make the Knicks better.  Also, I agree the Nuggets schooled the Knicks in the Melo trade.
Brian Chojnacki::I agree with Andrew. He's a plague on a team. Kinda like Dion Waiters
