gdp::How do guards - fleet footed and quick guards - get NO steals? Yet they never do on the Kings. What the hell are they doing? But then again Fredette's the liability? Watch when Jimmer is gone - you watch the attendance -  we watch in the hope he gets in, but in the NBA, that "Nuttun But African" league we know that apparently if you're black you're somehow considered a "worse" horrible defender then the white guys on an annually losing team. I mean what? Would they have lost by 10 instead of 9 if the white guy played? I just keep getting sicker and sicker at the blatant racism -  racism that supposedly blacks hate - being so visible and so ignored in the NBA.
Jer::Why are the Kings still messing around with John Salmons? Would he be starting on any other team in the NBA? I wonder if they'll bury McLemore on the bench like they did to Thomas Robinson before trading him off. The Kings do not know how to make personnel decisions.
Just Sayin::Can the Clippers at least make it to the conference finals this year?  Just Sayin
Uan theTruth::As a former coach and analyst, I am disappointed in the decisions of the Sacramento coaching staff.  Still more of the same.  Look at the +/- and the picture becomes clear.  Isaiah Thomas can't play defense.  He can score but whomever he is assigned to play defense on scores at will.  Vasquez -13, they scored at will on him.  Salmons -11.  28 minutes of playing time and only 1 rebound.  Wake up coaches.
Nujabeatz::Kings gotta cut down on turnovers.
Be+::Close game.  This one is entertaining.
Linda::On my way to a carnival I saw I can go for a few pounds of cotton candy, beep beep out of my way or I run you over with my scoot-around.
Arrow Dave::I didn't see the game but it looked like the Kings weren't hitting the free throws. 70 percent average for free throws is about average.
Clipperdude::That was close. Kings are for real. If Cousins can keep his emotions in check they are a real threat to everyone in the West. Kings fans really get behind their team and i am glad the team stayed in Sacramento, the fans deserve it.
poyman::Prediction for the Kings...  Same coaching style, same players taking the shots, same Arena, no one responsible for getting the other players involved, Different Owner, Same results... Sacramento will be a Lottery team again this year... Mark it down.
