562-bell gardens::breaking news:the lakers are now relocating and transforming into the moreno valley lakers lol
LA Hair Clippers::CLIPPERS &gt; GOD
DodgersLakersUberAlles::Clips still rolling. Yikes.
cjax34::Look at all the newfound Clippers fans (bandwagoners) *cough*
stoop404::Lakers are still the biggest bandwagon team in LA, don't throw the Clippers under the bus because they are winning. The Clippers are the most exciting team to watch in the NBA, I wouldn't call it bandwagon if someone wants to watch fun basketball. Sorry your Mavs are weak this season, but don't point fingers to other teams, it just make you look childish
wasteland511::Ok lakers want to play both sides of the fence so if the clippers were 15-20 lost to OKc by 1 what would you say moral victory no the clippers suck. But now that your on the other side you want to claim moral victories but still harp on your 16 banners! Now almost winning is exceptable wow have the mighty fallen What's better than moral victories actual victories lakers fans should know that better than any team other than celtics seriously lakers starting to sound like how clippers fans use to. And keep telling clippers fans your just wining in the regular season you can't win in the playoffs or get out of second round! So they use what ever they can to benefit them make them look very delusional
buckshotz17::Look at all the Mavs fans that jumped off the wagon since they sucked.....
5688DonTrue::True Laker fans don't support any other team, especially the joke of a franchise Clippers. They can go back to San Diego as far as I'm concerned
stoop404::poor baby doesn't like seeing the Clippers dominate. The past is the past and youre right, the Clippers franchise doesn't have a good track record, but obviously things are changing and the Laker cry babies can only complain. Worry about your team first
ltozzi81::and the lakers can go back to Minny...
U S S R i will break you08::wah wah wah....
manimarf09::Cliff Paul
westcoast8691::Mavs fall from grace all on Cuban for being cheap for the first time. Mavs dominated this game lead almost the entire game and they Choke it...This team is done after this...
crabbymacintosh::How many of these Clipper fans were Lakers fans 2 years ago?
BarrelRider04::None, but how many Laker fans are now Clipper fans? I know quite a few starting to jump ship solely based on the fact that the Clippers are the most exciting and entertaining team to watch in the NBA. Who the heck wants to put themselves through the misery of watching the Lakers right now?
JasonCalabasas::^ what he said. Plus we are all still supporting a Los Angeles team.
JasonCalabasas::One way or another were going to have a parade in LA!
BarrelRider04::Paul will get the MVP, you can bank on it. No player is more clutch and important to his team in the last few minutes than him. His floor generalship is unmatched. Hands down MVP. Those of you deluded LeBrick fans need to step aside, it's Paul's year.
sly86921::and Lebron doesnt have dewayne wade, chris bosh, and ray allen?
562-bell gardens::delusional heat fans i'm mvp -cp3
JasonCalabasas::Not to mention LeBrons shooting a career high at almost 55%. Paul is a great little guard but he has a deep deep team to support him.
JasonCalabasas::Dude LBJ avgs almost a triple double every game.
BarrelRider04::MVP SHOULD be more about just the numbers. LeBrick's numbers are good but Paul's leadership and floor management will put him over the top this year. Paul's numbers aren't bad either.
srhodesSTL::A bit off topic but Clips are 28-8. about half a season to play and they have 8 losses.  How hard was it for the 95 Bulls to only lose 10 in a whole year - crazy!  Oh wait... not crazy, they had MJ
KGswifeishot::Fun Fact: The 72-10 Bulls didn't lose their 5th game until game 45 of the season.
spicerichards::I'm going to go on Shark Tank and ask for 1,000,000 a year for my services as assistant GM for the Mavs.   I'll probably get $5 and a kick in the a$$ by the FUBU guy, but hey, 15 minutes right.
Noondog112378::if CP duznt get mvp u might as well let bonds &amp; co into the HOF
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder::I don't get it...
obatron1::CP3 putting up Isiah Thomas numbers.
AMERICAS T3AM BAD BOYS::I think that team down in Houston is going to make a serious run.
Ustna9::at....?
phillyphan665::Mavs still better than the Sixers
onlyelement1::whats so horrible about this Clipper/Laker story??  LA will still have a team in the playoffs making a major push for the ship?  so what if its not the Lakers?
5688DonTrue::Wrong, only fair weather fans would jump ship to the Clipper....Laker fan here and always will be...Clippers please leave
jakpot411::and the fans of the Lakers can just jump on the Clippers bandwagon. THey already have though
A Drunk Monk::No one said it was horrible? Except for Laker fans hahaha
A Drunk Monk::<b>Clippers need to rest up, tough back to back @Memphis and @Houston next week</b>
ThatsGoodSoup7963::16 assists! What a freak. Chris Paul is the real deal. The Clippers are awesome, and they even have Lamar Odom on their roster. Unbelievable!   I do have a serious question, however. What is a Clipper? Is it a reference to barber shops? Hedge trimmers? I've heard of sail boats being called "Clippers" before. This question is 100% legitimate, I am just confused.
onlyelement1::ever seen extreme coupon? the old ladies that clip the coupons
BRAY5150::sailing ship from the 19th century
ThatsGoodSoup7963::That's cool! So it is a sailboat.
The Lesson Teacher::Ever heard of goggle?
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Of course.
pointgod6882::after decades of losing, they finally got it  together; a story for the movies if they win the chip
Dennis81784::ahh yes, this is what i like to see, leave the sorry a$$ Lakers in the dust.
The Lesson Teacher::Everyone is laughing at the lakers right now  Congrats to a great start Clip fans
The Lesson Teacher::Hornets will make a 2nd half serge to be a dangerous 8th seed.  They just beat all three texas teams in a row, the first time a team has done that since the '09 Lakers (title winners)  4-1 since Gordon returned
Nightmaresyx::But Stern screwed the Lakers! /sarcasm
Myst of Ghost of DH::Mark needs to wake up and understand that his is at the door step of "REBUILD".
metalheadk93::Boston will win it all this year.  Clippers are overrated.
O Zone Pro.::That joke is played out now, time to face reality.
starwheat::I hate all this "move over Lakers" talk. The Clips having a good season is newsworthy, but those thinking there is a rivalry or that Lakers have lost the throne in LA are delirious. Don't people remember the decades of losing by this Clippers team?!
Dennis81784::yea well that deacde is over, move over Lakers bacause they are done and old. Thought Howard coming was gonna make it easier,  hahaha, i'm laughing from Orlando
The Lesson Teacher::Im laughing from nola
nhiatt12::I dont get why people think the clippers are good. its just a fluke
ltozzi81::You'd think a Harvard fan would be smarter.  Guess not.
BRAY5150::How is it a fluke really? When the clips got CP3 they got the best leader in basketball and have put the right pieces around him and Blake
1 PatsFan::Seems unnatural that the Clippers are the best team, kind of like it would be if the Cleveland Browns were the best football team.
Ripley Road::As a Clippers and Browns fan that would be a dream year.
kagresham::Dallas needs post players and rebounders. Kamen has become a jump shooter with a limited post game.
Virginia Red::Dear pro athletes,  Stop doing the Superman celebration. That $@%! is played out.
starwheat::I'm rooting for the kid who aces his calculus exam and then does the Superman celebration!
Glad88iator::it's not like they are all Straight A students
runz124::It's called Team work. The name of the game...Clippers are the real deal.
NivekLEE::Clips can realistically go 68-14.
t_ripley::scary cause its true
OptimusPrime200.0::Credit Matt Barnes for the Clipper turn around this season
lakers2013champssszz::the hair clippers are gonna choke in the playoffs lakers are gonna eliminate the Slippers in the 1st round cp3 = fat  8TH SEED CHAMPIONS (pauly d voice)
bullterrier1349::Im sure lakers2013chumps will love to choke on pauly deeznuts. gtfo troll. enjoy watching sacramento pass u by.
drunk kids are funny::wtf is with you and the pauly d voice?  man-crush?
ret12364::Just my own wierd opinion. I think the  Clippers need better looking uni's. I know they're good and better than the Lakers now, but I've come to associate the white, pink and blue with mediocrity and yellow, purple and gold with dynasties. They need to change their unis just like the mavs did in 02 and announce to the NBA that they have arrived :)
oicurak9::Until the Pelicans next year, anyway.....
OptimusPrime200.0::i kind of agree... they need some uniforms that are more appealing to the human eye
lakers2013champssszz::they need to change their name badly, hair clippers have the worst name of any franchise
BRAY5150::I hope your kidding the clippers mean hair clippers. If your not then your an idiot
Tamatoa0963::Even though Knickerbockers is quite stupid too.   A piece of clothing vs a ship? Neither makes sense.
TylerAllen86LA::CP3 = MVP
sorry_bout_it::Lakers are talked about more on this board than the Clippers.. Looks like it's still their town
IAMpunter0926::not surprising really given the turmoil in the lakercamp.
TylerAllen86LA::Dude of the Lakers 5000+ comments  80% of its negative from everyone  Here its like 15% negative and its all lakers fans!  As a LA resident. CLIPPER NATION
ThatsGoodSoup7963::So there is a statue of all the great Lakes outside Staple Center?
sorry_bout_it::I went to the Clipper game tonight, it's still Laker town.  The "underdog" story is cool and all, but there will never be a statue of a Clipper outside of Staples Center.
Neil826::saying this is impressive is like saying notre dame had a chance.
TennisPimp007::HELLZ JEAHHHHHH I was THE first commentor on Daily Dime section
TennisPimp007::LMAO LAKERS are 5 games below .500 and out of playoff contention and they have 5,000+ comments  Clipshow have most wins in the NBA and have 2,000+ comments....WOW
TylerAllen86LA::The lakers comments are 80% from haters all over the country and teams  The clippers comments are like 15% negative with all of it being LA Lakers fans!
Joe six pack and a bag of chips::Respect Dirk and the Mavs, but nothing better than Cuban losing!
csurams.2123::haha the Lakers board is just alive right now with everyone loving lakers irrelevancy.... good job Clips, 28 wins keep going!
wasteland511::You wish and hope lol what a dumb comment
Beanslams46::28-54......clipper curse
sandon56::Playoff time both Paul and Griffen will be hurt and that will make them non factor.Long season of running jumping and sharp cutting moves with no off season when Olympics took away sorely needed rest time from both players.Their history is too much time on IR at wrong time.
sly86921::Are they? Paul has missed a significant amount if time right after his surgery in 2010. Like 30 something games and hasn't been inactive for an extended amount if time except then.
runukraine::Hopefully the fact they are both at career lows in mpg during the regular season means they'll be nice and fresh. OKC might be courting trouble playing Durant 40 mpg though.
maran747::What you got in the Clippers team are a collection of former star players rejected by other teams. Add in cohesion, and you've got a deadly formula..Talent with something to prove..Remind me of the Oakland Raiders back in the day, Al Davis knew you can get a lot out of players with chips on their shoulders..
71Minnesota::I just don't get it....Clippers is the Best Record in the NBA ....why people keep saying they are soft.....Look @ both side of the floor on the defense and offense...they are the top 5 in the NBA &gt;:)
clippersBRANDwagon::because they haven't played againts the clippers... they are just fans of the aging team
airic.ad::Haters will hate.
lessthanclippers::You all have too big of dreams.  I've been a Clipper fan since 86, I'd settle for a 50 win season and a conference finals birth.  Yeah I'd love a ring, I'd get a clippers logo/ Larry O'Brien trophy tattooed right next to my Kings Crown/ Stanley cup tat.  That being said, lets focus on. 50 wins first...
mmoore2144::I'm with you...sort of. As a Clip fan since '88, this is unreal. 50 wins would be great, but I'm not going to settle for it. Ride this wave and at least get to the conference finals and put up a good fight.
runukraine::Let's focus on win 29 first... Then we can worry about win 30... win 31... win 32... and so on.
runukraine::Clippers could win every regular season game for 10 years and still be under .500 in their all-time regular season record. I'm enjoying each step towards .500  all-time right now.
airic.ad::If the Clips focused on the past, they'd be done for eternity by now.
clippersBRANDwagon::that's right focus on what's on today not the distant future but please not the past... remember the 16 banners and rings thing?
airic.ad::We'll make the playoffs.  I don't measure wins as success.  I measure how far we go.  2nd round exit is what I remember from last year.  I'd be happy with a WCF berth too, to be honest.  But as a fan, it doesn't hurt to dream big.
Ontario925::The Clippers taking over LA playing in the same home building as the once great championship Lakers is the equivalent of the Mets taking over NY playing in the same home building as the once great championship Yankees.
runukraine::I'm thinking the upcoming game against the Magic will be a lot like this one.  They've lost 10 in a row, but they've been ridiculously close in pretty much all of them.
runukraine::Against some good competition too
562-bell gardens::my dream is clippers vs heat finals and cp3 takes over the 4th quarter and shoots over lebron and closes games and gets finals mvp
Quincy Miller::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ck-NZ6FacZ4
airic.ad::DA MANIMAL!
airic.ad::My dream is to see Crawford cross up Ray Allen in the NBA finals.
sargenteric::I like too see blake dunk all over bosh  too
