David::The Warriors played a decent game; but they are still making too many turnovers 20 to 12 for Phoenix. One specific area they need to improve on is the pass from outside the 3-point line near the edge of the left or right foul line to the midpoint of the 3-point line arc on the same side (also outside the 3-point line). Curry often slows down. Then he slowly puts the ball behind him. Then he tosses an easy pass in that direction. When you telegraph a pass this way, the defense can see it coming. Curry needs to modify his pass delivery for this case especially. The Warriors cannot afford for him to telegraph a slow pass every night.  Another thing the Warriors do is pass through traffic when they penetrate themselves into a hole. This happens a lot on the baseline. In at least some of these cases a bounce pass would avoid a pass interception. This is probably true outside the 3-point line too. If the Warriors mix this up a bit, it will keep the other teams from intercepting so many of their passes. The guys receiving the passes have to be ready for a bounce pass in all of these cases too for this to work.
Alvordton::As I said before the game, the GSW guards don't matchup well against smaller quicker backcourts. Tonight was another example. No one is talented or healthy enough to trade other than the players they don't want to trade so it is simply an problem they are going to have to manage. Sloppy play leading to turnovers is killing them. If this season is to be successful they have to hope once Iguodala comes back he stays healthy because without him they are at best what they were last season, a 6th seed. For those who will point out they are not a top 8 right now, go back and read, "...at best..." Just wanted to sort out the #$%$ who can't read for context.
lucky guy::I'm glad to see Bledsoe is doing pretty well and without question he is one of the best point guard in the game today. Explosive and energy like Westbrook.
JC::without iggy, this team is worse than last year's team.. remember, we don't have jack and landry this year, and the addition of iggy so that barnes can come off the bench was supposed to offset their loss.
PKM::Curry and Thompson need to mature and play with more precision.
Nelson Hsu::What about Iguodala effect? If A.I. were in the court, their back court won't be so easily torn down. I say GSW is still worth a look in deep playoff run.  PHX is just having an unstable front court, Plumlee, Fry, Morris brothers sharing 2 spots is going to be squeezy in long run. Probably get Tucker down for a 3 spots rotation could be a choice sacrificing some D.
Anton::Comfortable win by the Suns, who are clearly the superior team. Everyone knows their role. Warriors on the other hand look lost in the crunch and their only play is, give the ball to Steph Curry and hope he makes a jumper. Other 4 guys stand around and watch lol.
Zach::W's would be 20-5, maybe better, with legit refereeing. Stern is still obsessed with controlling the standings, can't wait until he's really gone for good...
Commenter::Hmm GS is looking like the GS i've known for the past couple years. High expectations with good new additions but underperforming
Steven McCormick::This was one the GSW could have and should have WON . . . Jackson needs to do something about the rotation.  If Green wants to win . . . his playing doesn't show it.  . . . . he gives up Free Throws every time he enters the game . . . . those are valuable points . . . . and the number of  Free Throws he gives up seem to be precisely the number of points by which the GSW LOSE THE GAME . . . . ain't that strange.
