tkeIcon::Predicted final east standings:  Miami Indiana Nets Chicago Boston Knicks Atlanta Milwaukee  Playoffs:  Heat over Milwaukee in five games. Indiana over Atlanta in five games. Nets over Knicks in four games. Boston over Chicago in seven games.  Miami over Boston in six games Nets over Indiana in seven games  Miami (unfortunately) over Nets in six games
BEARS_beets_BattlestarGalactica::Paul George &gt; Rudy Gay &gt; Carmelo Anthony
DSandhi::Nuggets, Knicks x 2, Hornets, Wiz, Pacers... Raps 6-1 in last 7 games... Look out!
yastru::does rudy  get angry if you call him gay
Frozen Bird::.
Jamaal 43::29 fouls the game before and 28 fouls vs the raptors . . . hummm. . . kind of shady if you ask me.
DSandhi::just means the knicks can't play defence....
setrue::Sorry, I thought he was accusing the refs for biased foul calls.
setrue::Are you part of the crowd that believes the Moon landing was a hoax, area 51 has aliens, and Melo is a elite player capable of leading the Knicks to a championship season?  Cuckoo, Cuckoo, Cuckoo.
jcsny::The NY Nuggets are bringing in K-mart so that JR can have a buddy to go groupie smashing with.
Jamaal 43::This season is over for the Knicks. The Knicks need to dump these bums --&gt; Kurt, Camby, Novak Amare and maybe Sheed.
setrue::Maybe sheed, he is injury prone and a year older is not going to help him at all.  Plus Knicks are stuck with Camby and Novak for a couple of more years.  And nobody wants them in a trade.   Knicks are done for the duration of Melo and Amare's contracts.
Jamaal 43::No, Amare's awful contract.
99brom::andrea bargnani 0 points 0 REBOUNDS in about a quarter of play.... good fck
setrue::Kenyonsanity is coming to the rescue!  --delusional Knicks fans
99brom::raps are moneyyyyyyy
dannyweinst::Love to see Cope get more PT even if it means decreasing Shump's.  Need the add'l  movement and O threat.
Donnie Walsh::Hate to say it BUT Melo is forcing shots &amp; taking too many to score a lousy 32 pts !! The Knicks outrebounded The Raps but had only 18 asts &amp; 16 Turnovers !! Which meansKnicks  ARE NOT sharing the ball &amp; offensive spacing is terrible. Their lack of DEFFENSE didn't force BUT 9 Raptor turnovers ! Told ppl this was NOT a CHIP Team as presently constituted !!! Melo, The Coach &amp; some of you Fans are simply Delusional !! We also need to pickup a young quick Point Guard that can defend.
deymayor::Knicks has the 3rd toughest remaining schedule and the Nets has the 2nd easiest in the East with 16 of 25 against sub .500 teams after tomorrows game.  I dont think this is even close by the final week of the season after the Knicks are done with the brutal March stretch, Brooklyn will take the division title easily and if the Knicks cant recover, Chicago can easily pass them with Rose back.
tkeIcon::Yup, exactly. Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised to see the Knicks drop to third in the division before all is said and done.
mark35345::The Knicks are still a team that's won 1 playoff game in two years (or two?). Look for them to continue this trend....
shufelt::As much as I dislike the Heat, you might as well just give them a bye to the Finals.
linnyhero::You are not going to win anything with melo as your best player.
brandonlee561heat22::Guess NY is fine with the 4th or 5th seed
Spiralb::If only the knicks had a young,smart,  6'3, athletic point guard....oh wait...we let him go.
Donnie Walsh::J Lin def WAS NOT &amp; IS NOT the answer - can't shoot or defend so....
jcsny::Nobody is the answer when you have Melo shooting you out of the game and getting mad when you don't continue to give him the ball to continue shooting you out of the game.
lanthony5::Why Do Woodson Play 3 point guards at the same time the whole make up of the knicks is wack lol novak should play more and Shumpert is not ready to be a starter and Melo is not a power forward put amare back in the lineup
Docker2.o::Been screaming that for a minute! The lineups suck. Melo is not a pf.
dannyginer1::its like a little denver nuggets reunion in the knicks, Carmelo, J.R Smith,Marcus Camby, and now Kenyon martin, whos next
Marek7476::even Iverson could join that retirement club
I prefer boxers over briefs::Don't forget Felton was a Nugget too...
pjhdorchester::doug moe
Barrk_40::Knicks are only 3 games ahead of the Celtics
I_Heart_Phill_Kessel::wow imagine if we drafted rudy and had him play with bosh who knows maybe he would of been this good for the raps back then
Leafs_Eagles_Jays_Raptors_Wolverines_ManCity::The Knicks won't make the playoffs. XD
Manuel5889::Woodson should go and go now.  Last year he had the best 3 point shooter Novak in the playoffs against Miami and as a coach you are supposed to find shots for him and Novak took maybe 3 shots.  What a coach!
L_Dot::I was coming in to say the same thing... Novack spreads the floor
Barrk_40::The Knicks are a joke.  OMG WE ARE SO GREAT BECAUSE WE WON A FEW GAMES WHILE RED HOT FROM THE 3 POINT LINE!
Kobe Brick Mason::Team basketball eludes them and the coach is afraid he will lose his job if he steps on Melo's toes.
dayda77::Wow. I have been telling DELUSIONAL Knicks fans for weeks and weeks and weeks that their team SUCKS. Even when they were 18-5 I told them they were buying fool's gold if they thought this was a championship team. With every loss these delusional fans had excuses: Wait till Amar'e gets back. Wait till Shump gets back. Wait till Felton gets back. Guess what? Knicks are 14-15 in last 29 games-- and many of those games they haven't even been competitive-- have been CRUSHED. Wake up Knicks fans. As long as James Dolan owns this team your CEILING IS a first round EXIT in the playoffs. GET USED TO IT.
Kobe Brick Mason::Felton and Melo arrested late last night for over eating at an all you can eat buffet.
loochey03::That rookie from Lithuania silently killed us with his rebounding. Where was tyler ?
Kobe Brick Mason::Poor Tyson Chandler, lost on this thug, ball hogging street playa team.
ISmackedKobe::DAMN ! Knicks balooned to 20 losses and dropped below Indiana ! $1,000 they don't make the playoffs !
Manuel5889::They will but it is the same team that has come empty all the time.  They play individual basket and nobody goes anywhere like that.  Their defense is terrible and Woodson sucks.
FeFyeFoeRun::6 games behind the Heat and falling fast! Soon to be the 5th seed!
setrue::Out of the playoffs.
pjhdorchester::7th
setrue::8th
loochey03::6th
JrueRandallHoliday::"Just wait to Sheed and Camby get back!"  ~Knicks Fans
King_Melo_7::Knicks should've traded for Jordan Crawford when they had the chance, the guy would compliment Melo alot better then JR, Kidd, or any of our other guards offensively.   Lebron has Wade D-Will has Johnson ( even tho they suck this year next year I doubt they'll struggle ) Kobe has Nash + Dwight Durant has Westbrook Duncan has Parker + Genobli  CP3 has Griffin   and Other playoff bound teams have atleast that second top scorer who can balance things out and take a load away from their star player, Knicks do not have that and thats why we will not make it deep in the playoffs
Manuel5889::You are right.   I don’t see nothing with the Knicks.  So much talent for nothing.  They have been playing worse than the Kings
c.beck28::couple weeks ago all i heard was melo for MVP lol what a joke and jr for 6 man lol fact is knicks are old and only got off to hot start b/c they were hitting 50% of there 3's!! dont martin has just signed
Manuel5889::It is not about who individually get what is a team.  No defense.  To allow 44 points in a quoter is a shame.
CandySparker::Rap Star Gay
Yup I am here.::Sorry Knicks. Second round Exit for you.
tkeIcon::lol, what team are they going to beat in the first round?
loochey03::1st rd
buimonster::can't lose in the first round when u don't even make the playoffs.
c.beck28::knicks are a joke they are sinking fast !! they started hot but everyone knew that shooting 50% from 3 point line would not last lol
Nayrock10::he need to give cotland a try at the staring lineup,in fact he didn't even play but he want to give melo crazy min,he running melo down before he make the playoff.sunday we will win!
dwight thinks hes funny but all his jokes bomb like his FTs::lol knicks frigging suck
dwight thinks hes funny but all his jokes bomb like his FTs::lol knicks f-cking suck
dwight thinks hes funny but all his jokes bomb like his FTs::lol knicks f-ucking suck
Brickyyy Rubio::carmella bricking all over the place
blamblam69::This isn't about the Knickerbocker...they're fine. Its about the raptors and their strong play after startingthe season 4-19
tkeIcon::Fine to the tune of 1-5 in their last six.
milw-jay::Nets  &gt;    Knicks
SportsHero94::I didnt bother to watch this game bc i was still disgusted with this team effort against the pacers. Not shocked to see we lost again. Mike Woodson needs to do something now. He is too stubborn to change that losing lineup.
Manuel5889::I have not been watching the Knicks for the last couple of games and when I see them I don’t finish them.  It is not worth watching.  I stop watching them for 10 years because they are so inconsistent and I am regretting that I have ever watched them again.
JrueRandallHoliday::Woodson wants to but needs Carmelo AnthoMe's permission to change the lineup...
dayda77::Wow.  I have been telling DELUSIONAL Knicks fans for weeks and weeks and weeks that their team SUCKS.  Even when they were 18-5 I told them they were buying fool's gold if they thought this was a championship team.  With every loss these delusional fans had excuses: Wait till Amar'e gets back.  Wait till Shump gets back.  Wait till Felton gets back.  Guess what?  Knicks are 14-15 in last 29 games-- and many of those games they haven't even been competitive-- have been CRUSHED.  Wake up Knicks fans. As long as James Dolan owns this team your CEILING IS a first round EXIT in the playoffs.  GET USED TO IT.
slimmyjimmy09::New York Bricks
hazmatsuits::Was gonna say that Rudy's back to playing like a star, then I took a look at his FG%.   40% on the season and 38% since he got to Toronto, that's a legitimate problem he's gotta deal with.
Andrew Lady Luck::i noticed that alot of the knick haters just made accounts today,  and they plan on doing it again next game....
Robert Griffin The Bird::those trolls just have nothing better to do with their lives then to hate on the lakers, knicks, spurs, celtics, etc.
tkeIcon::Three of those teams win championships regularly, the fourth doesn't belong in that group...
Ravens8383::can the Raptors get the 8th seed with Gay leading them? I think so.
DSandhi::make the playoffs, OKC doesn't get our lotto pick... win win for the whole league.
jfranchiz::our pick is lottery-protected
Ravens8383::I'm just hoping they actually make the playoffs.
Ontario925::I wouldn't want to play the Heat in the first round or the Pacers now. 6th seed would be much better. Of all three teams the Heat,Pacers,and Knicks I would rather face the Knicks in the first round.
