Jimmy The Kid::The Lakers offense looked very good tonight, but their offense was not the problem last year their defense was. Tonight the won the hustle stats for more overall boards and offensive boards, however, like last year they gave up a lot of points and let the other team shoot at a high FG%. They will not continue to shoot 48% from 3pt range, and they will face better free throw shooting teams.  So congrats tonight, but the Lakers need to shore up the defense which is tough with a Dantoni coached team.
donotbeafraid::Not a surprise to me.  It was obvious in the pre-season that the Clippers had not jelled (and they may not with some of their personnel).  They struggled with the Rivers system and depended too much a one or two players.  But the Lakers may actually contend for a playoff spot with this second unit leading the way.  Give the coaches some credit for their rapid progress. The Clippers chances??  They have some serious work to do.  They didn't get it done in the pre-season.
WeNeedWorldPeace::Dantoni is not a dominant coach. So, he cannot do anything with Carmelo Anthony and Kobe. And, unfortunately these two players are ball hoggers and it's hard to command the team to play Dantoni's style. In yesterday's game, Laker's bench just play exactly like the suns a few years ago. That's Dantoni's style!
Smarter than you and more realistic!::As a laker fan what makes this victory so satisfying is the media and Clipper fans predicting a blowout by the Clippers. Instead we had a 4th quarter blowout by the Lakers. That's what happens when there is too much disrespect. The underdog wakes up and goes on a rampage.
fernando::derek, in spite of FTs, henry will be superior to meeks and farmar and johnson...so i guess you don't like blake griffin...i don't either, though he has fantastic talent, he can't shoot a lick!
tony::The Clippers haven't won a game this year, nor won a ring as yet,  and they already want to cover up the Lakers banners belonging to the Lakers Hall of Famers.  Staples Center exists because of the Lakers while the Clippers are losers.  If they want to hang up their banners (of which they have none) then find another part of the Center or another Stadium to call their own.  What an infantile lame argument that when the Clippers play it's the Clippers Center. Meanwhile, shut up and win.
I.C::If the Clips want to be respected, then they should start by earning it, not by trying to cover up the history of one of the most dominating teams in NBA history and definitely not by underestimating that team. Doc's argument about hanging the selfies to bring attention to themselves is moot. Clips want banners? Then they need to earn them. Clips want to have all the attention to themselves when playing at home? Then they can go back to San Diego... better yet, Buffalo where it all started and hang their selfie banners.
Heart::I don't want to get ahead of myself here, but isn't it time the Lakers stop overpaying Kobe and start using that money wisely and invest in their future players.
Metallica::Lakers will do ok this year...probably not a title but they will be fun to watch.  Go Lakers!!!  I am glad the Clippers are good, but they have everything to prove.  They are still 3rd class to the Lakers and will be until they win at least 2 or 3 titles.  Come on...Lakers have more playoff wins and more conference championships than any other NBA team.  And they have been the marquee franchise for over 30 yrs.
I_pee_freely::Stoked to watch 5 straight CP3 commercials during the breaks in the game as I cheer on my Lakers. And then the game comes back on and CP3 is crying like a lil bltch. He's good, but he's acting like a lil girl this eve.   GO LAKESHOW! #BANNERSUP
