91Gmoney9009::Why are we paying ZaZa $5 Million a year? Man get rid of him and clear some cap space, get rid of Sloan and Stackhouse too, all theyre doing is taking up money for a potentially valuable player.
ATLJoe22::If J-Smoove has REALLY found a jump shot, he and the Hawks might be dangerous this year even without Horford. I just hope he continues to shoot well and take good shots. I remember the beginning of last year and he was making them but then that stopped and everyone was back yelling "OH NO" when Smoove loaded up for a J. Keep it up Josh!
91Gmoney9009::Yea he looks good, and I really like "Ivan the Terrible" dude is a huslter
mark35345::This Bobcat squad is D-league material. Any team that counts on Corey maggette to help them - just give up. C-O-N-T-R-A-C-T-I-O-N.
Sports_Nut_111::At this point in time, I would rather have Teague over Hinrich starting, and have Hinrich come off the bench. Teague has really impressed me this season. I enjoy watching him play, even if he isn't a Rose, Rondo, or CP3 level PG. He is what the Hawks currently need.
91Gmoney9009::Come on im a huge Hawks fan, but no he is not on their level...yet. He is just now starting to show his true potential. Cant wait to see Teague at the end of this year and next season. I bet next year he will be averaging 22 points per game and 12 assists
91Gmoney9009::Not at all, I think the Hawks are gonna make some moves and get a dominant big man here and have Horford play the 4 spot next year...imagine Teague, Johnson, Smith, Horford, Draft pick?
CosmoKramer1444::That's sorta stretching it a bit don't ya think?
T.Y.U::Exactly totally agree with you. There are even sometimes I think he's actually better then all 3 you've named. Yeah I know that might be a bit much, but out of most of the PG's taken in 09 he's the biggest steal.
91Gmoney9009::Im a Hawks fan, but C'Mon Man, how do you lose to us by 30 without Horford, Williams and McGrady? Thats just sad, I think the Wizards might be better than the Bobcats.
Nikoloz3::I said it last nite and I'll say it again, why is Boris Diaw still in the NBA?
mark35345::To beat the Knicks - that's all he ever does. Oh , he might play hard against Phoenix too?
inthepaint32::Now any team with half a center will get 25 and 10...
Ewald84::Kemba Walker and Ricky Rubio will rip the league apart once they're given starting PG roles.  DJ Augustin is playing great though, so i don't know if it'll happen for Walker
velvis08::I just wish they would abolish the Bobcats.  We never wanted them, and we still don't.  I don't know one single Bobcat fan and I live 45 minutes from Charlotte.  Get this crap team out of Charlotte for good.  The Hornets and George Shinn killed the NBA in this city, it will never recover.  I hope they lose every game they play.
dirtydean5150::I am a Bobcat fan
J-SMOOVE2016::Send Horford to Germany for the Kobe treatment.
J-SMOOVE2016::Rasheed Wallace to the Hawks.
MeGaDeUs::josh smiths eyes are really far apart
NastyVille_McNasties::Wade doesn't deserve to start either.  If you take position out of it the East starters should be... Rose,Melo,Lebron,Bargagni,Dwight
CosmoKramer1444::Wade's been injured and has better stats than Bargs.
texasrocks123456::$@%! all the haters. theres a chance Horford will be back for the playoffs, that's all I needed to hear. We can still beat the bad teams in the league, and I think we are still better than the beloved Knicks. Send one of those starts to Atlanta, they'd actually have a chance to win something instead of wasting their lives in Mike dantonis no defense basketball. The guys a joke of a coach.
Brett28652::Atlanta will be loosing their team within 2 years guaranteed.
Demonjoe93::What an idiot.
SpyroDash::Considering the team is bonded to the city until 2028, I don't think they will be leaving any time soon.
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::I've heard that rubbish for the last 15 years. Kick rocks.
Atl-fan-win-or-lose::Ok David Stern.
Brett28652::anyone know what SMASHTHEBOOK.COM had on their plays tonite
Atl-fan-win-or-lose::Ok so the Hawks lost  Al Horford that's bad. But he's not the teams main points outlet for the Hawks that's Joe,Josh and Jeff. Now lose anyone of those guys and then the season over, but not with just Al. Tonight was proof of that and yes I know they played the Bobcats, but a 30 point differential says a lot. Also the Bobcats have played some close games against some good teams, Don't believe me look for yourself.
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::See this is what I hate, people always wanting to come down on the fans in southern cities. CBass1317, if you have such a huge problem with the 10,000+ people at this game, then why dont you also go complain about the 11,000+ at the Pistons Vs. Bucks game. Oh but its no need to, because those blue collar, die-hard Midwestern fans PACK arenas and stadiums EVERY time right?. :|
Atl-fan-win-or-lose::I agree it's sounds so stupid when someone says something like that. I mean are you that mad you couldn't keep your team there because you wouldn't support them you have to bash other teams. Their's a reason the Hawks are still in Atlanta because that tonight was the exception not the norm. There's usually about 14,000 to 18,000 at that game.
CBass1317::Such a shame that Seattle lost their team, yet Atlanta and Charlotte both still have teams.  There were like 8 people in the arena to watch this game.
Demonjoe93::Idiot
Sir_Sleepy_Slept::Cry me a river, which will be hard to tell the difference in rainy Seattle. Now wouldn't it??
cb12490::Everybody wants to throw Seattle a pity party, but Charlotte lost the Hornets the exact same way. As a "we're sorry" parting gift, Stern gave us the Bobcats, and we've never been more desperate for the teal and purple to return. At least Seattle did the right thing by keeping hold of the Sonics nickname, colors, history, etc.  Be careful what you wish for.
markpringle2003::Man, are we snake bitten in Atlanta or what!
239cane::Charlotte has no post presence at all!
mtransom::The Bobcats are an absolute embarrassment. No one on this team cares about winning. Its time for a complete overhaul starting with a completely new coaching staff. Everyone on the team either needs to get traded or cut with the exception of Kemba Walker, Bismack Biyombo, Byron Mullens and maybe DJ White. They are the only ones who actually seem to care. Its clear no one on the team listens or respects the coaches. Paul Silas' best days are behind him. He needs to head off to retirement..and stay there for good
mtransom::we'll trade him for Josh Smith haha
ATLien4ever::If you're just cutting players, I'll take Augestine in a heartbeat
mtransom::yea thats true. hopefully he will grow out of that and develop more into a pure point guard, but its gonna take some good coaching; something the bobcats lack
239cane::IMO Walker dribbles too much and doesn't make players around him better. Too much of a ball hog, shoot first pass second.
LaTony Pepperoni::Are the Bobcats still in the league??
Jthizz69::Charlotte won't win this season if they don't rebound - 7 foot Mullens with 4 measly defensive boards and 0 offensive in 33 minutes is the biggest culprit in this game. Bobcats still have a lot of talent so I'm not ready to give up on them quite yet, but they should look at unloading cap space this season, keeping the young guys, and then should promptly tank to get Anthony Davis.
CBass1317::How would you define talent?  I recommend referring to a dictionary and then editing your post.
cb12490::I stopped at "Bobcats still have alot of talent..." That simply is not true. They have young players developing into respectable NBA players, but that's about it.
tjackson1117::Each day that Michael Jordan maintains a presence in basketball it further diminishes his legend.  He has no idea how to own/draft/run a basketball team.  Get out Michael while you still have some dignity left.
CosmoKramer1444::This ENTIRE team is Jordans doing.
cb12490::He's no Jerry Buss but he is simply working with the mess he inherited from Bob Johnson, an entertainment guy who truly could have cared less about winning and the game of basketball in general. Jordan is an easy scapegoat for this situation, but if you can believe it, the Bobcats franchise has seen worse times.
supreme91::diaw only plays well against the knicks
cb12490::They've been mediocre ever since their inception, but tonight I can truly say I am embarrassed to root for the worst team and franchise in the NBA. There is little to no hope surrounding this team, and as much as I'd like to believe it's a young, growing squad, it isn't. The team that had the lead on the Heat for 47 minutes has given up. Jordan bought the team because he wanted to give the city of Charlotte a winner. His first mission should be to petition Stern to get the Charlotte Hornets name and history back where it belongs. At least then, we Charlotteans can reminisce about a team that drew 20K plus for 800 consecutive games and was, for the most part, a respectable franchise. Honestly, if the Hornets name is never returning to Charlotte, contract this complete joke of a franchise that was handed to us as a sign of pity after we were robbed of our REAL NBA team.  Okay, rant over. Good game, Hawks. Wouldn't want to face you guys in the playoffs. But don't worry. At this rate, my team will never have to.
airharrison21::I need to pickup another center for my fantasy team. The only players i would be willing to drop for him is stuckey, derozan, or favors. Are any of those players worth picking up zaza?
airharrison21::Aight Thanks! For some reason i like Stuckey but he just seems to never get better!
Myanks26::Not a problem, glad i can help. hope it works out for you
airharrison21::I just do'nt have a Backup center at all. I am in first place and my teams stacked and rather not give up any players but i really need another big. Mullens seems like he can score but that's it no Blocks or Rebounds. I feel like if favors gets more playing time he can be a beast and am just reluctant to give him up
Myanks26::Its a tough call, Mullens numbers are starting to round off, so you kinda know what you are getting. Zaza has only started this 1 game, but got a double double so that is promising. You dont know what you are getting with him as much as Mullens, but scoring-Mullens    rebounds-Zaza assists-Zaza steals/blocks-Probably Zaza Zaza will probably fill the stat sheet a little better, but Mullens is the better scorer, has double double potential and a higher ceiling, so i would go with Mullens.
airharrison21::so u think mullens over zaza? I really don't need scoring just want the better pick and undecided
Myanks26::I see what you are saying, but i struggle with Favors in that offense, he is just meh so far, with Jefferson and Millsap getting all the attention inside, and Enes Kanter developing doesnt help. However, dropping Stuckey for one of those two may be the better choice if you are set in the front. Knight will take minutes from him, and he is a poor 3 shooter and FT shooter.
airharrison21::mullens is available also
Myanks26::I picked up zaza after putting Horford in my IR so i had the room. With no room, i would say maybe Stuckey or Favors definitively not DeRozen. My advice would be to wait a couple of games on Zaza unless you dont want to risk someone else picking him up. However, Mullens is the better option, he is growing, gaining minutes, and finding his place in the Bobcats O. Again, Favors or Stuckey for him is a decent idea
Gobi Sith::MJ... The best player in NBA history... By far the worst GM/Owner in NBA history.
CosmoKramer1444::You've seen Isiah or Sarver right?
cb12490::You do realize we're essentially "sucking for luck" so we can play out some god-awful contracts on the roster, right?
Coltonbball12::no.
Myanks26::Zaza play well tonight? He had a double double but i didnt see the game
ATLien4ever::yup, he was going at that skinny guy for them..mullins i believe..but couldn't stop him on D
mwlevine::Atlanta is the only team in the league that plays better on the back end of a back to back then the front. Good bounce back win.....
ATLien4ever::we had to play well tonight, last night we were trash
Gt_jackets89::Great win, but theres no doubt that losing Al is gonna hurt. Ah well, he'll be back in time to see us win the Finals.
Demonjoe93::I would love for that to happen but we gotta get past Miami first.
Demonjoe93::I'm surprised how well we played considering we're down two starters and one good bench player in TMac.
ATLien4ever::Josh Joe and Jeff really stepped it up
Demonjoe93::I see that. That's the kind of basketball we've been waiting to see from Joe Johnson this season. I love how Josh Smith has been playing lately.
ATLien4ever::Josh has been playin the best ball of his career..I was so impressed with him tonight, get game Josh, keep it up you'll finally see that all star game.
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::we still need to sign another big
Lebronwadebosh6627::@imakethepicks.. Dude suck at picking games!
cb12490::I'm a Bobcats fan and if you bet on them at any point you deserve to lose money.
mimholt::Betting on Bobcats basketball is like betting on the Washington Generals. Unless you're bookie does 20 team 30 point teases for -200. LOL
_DeKalbCounty_ATL::great game
Mets2410::who the $@%! needs Al Horford when you have J-SMOOVE
Pop Dizzle09::josh smiths been on fire these last few games
falconsfan0125::Both would be nice
mh1404::Jordan's teams will always be lame... go shave the Hitler mustache..
vnguy9879::Believe in nba+ Vegas fix, you will always make money in sport betting
theghostlives::byron mullens 24 pts 4 boards 8/16 from the field 4/4 from the stripe if he is available in your 8 team fantasy leagues PICK HIM UP!!!!!! the only bright spot to another underachieving performance from the bobcats...... SMDH....
vnguy9879::Just liKe I thought under 91 1h is money. Love nba fix always
jbdb1225::Stackhouse With The Jam Lol
Talentsojhin::How was that not a goaltend? We have issue enough scoring jesus.
Lebronwadebosh6627::Fucc these f@gs! Charlotte is so lame!
Alex Westerlund::Quit betting on sports, stupid.
PresleyCutchTabata::James, look at Gonzo and Barmes career numbers
PresleyCutchTabata::they are about the same age, we could have had Gonzo but we opted to go with Barmes
JulioJonesBrother::Barmes has played his whole career in Colorado. BIG boost for his offensive stats.
PresleyCutchTabata::that point is taken, but its batting rather than power
JulioJonesBrother::no
Michael Bibby IV::Holy sh-t.   Stackhouse can jump?
JulioJonesBrother::falcons0125,  Next time you're on a board and you're about to call yourself an Atlanta sports fan,  <b>Don't.</b>
falconsfan0125::Lol.
PresleyCutchTabata::valparfenoff, the Milwaukee Bucks?
valparfenoff23::is mullins out of the game?
Talentsojhin::first of a back to back to back.
vnguy9879::Always love nba fix
