Ronald Andra'::The Spurs trying to send a message to the rest of the league!  They are pissed Miami is sporting their rings!
Steve Broome::Is the NBA gonna punish Pop when he rests his stars again? B/c they look like they'll barely need them until the playoffs.
MrKenneth Washington::we will be back in da finals
Keith Niklas Johnson::I hope we win it this time. We need to tie the cowboys for championships.
Jeremy Lugo::GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! SPURS!!!!! GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! Let the pummeling continue!!!!!
Michael Killebrew::Wow Spurs defense & depth is incredible so far. The key to the Spurs making it to another finals and possibly winning it will be consistency from the role players. Too many role players were shut down in the latter part of the finals.
Joel Smith::Keep that streak going Spurs!!!
Emil E. Matula III::GO SPURS!!  Keep pounding the rock!
Srecko Vukovich::By all means Go Spurs Go !
Frederick George::Go pelicans     lets ruin their streak
Keith Niklas Johnson::Nope! ...but what's funny is the Pelicans have the third worst record in the WC, which is equal to the 4th best record in the EC as of now. Hmm. So that must only mean West >>> East this season.
Srecko Vukovich::This is what Defending West Conference Champions do !! Oppositions teams just run out of options ,once that basketball  go in to circular motion . It is un guardable .Keep on the mind none of the Spurs  players log more then 30' per game . So far in to the season . And Spurs Defense is just awesome !!
Will Posters::still cant get over the last finals... that's a spurs win 99/100 times. but that collapse...
Will Posters::Jeff Ariano - dude... You're* an*... Don't call a professional sports coach an idiot ever again.
Michael Killebrew::I agree, I haven't gotten over it either. I was so sure they were going to win with that lead and only 28 seconds left.
MrKenneth Washington::Michael Killebrew  we will be back to da finals
Bobe Coolnuh Starr::this is one of those games that the spurs is supposed to win, but might end up losing.  it's called boredom or lack of effort or not taking this young hungy team too seriously.  the've got bigs, shooters, and point guard play.  just like the spurs.
Sam Saenz::There is a BIG difference between the bigs, shooters, and point guard play of these two teams.
Jershey Buhat::yeah, looks like the spurs are loosing. Lols.
Mike Cullers Jr::Yep, looks like they were taking them too lightly..LOL
Mad SammyBoy::Holy hell, Timmy shot 50% tonight. Did Pop make him snort lines before the game or something?  Either way, we're looking great. Here's hoping we can sustain the energy all season.
Christopher Couser Dc::Another beat down..dang this squad is playing focused..looks like Timmy is finding some offensive rhythm..i like that!
Jack Fierro::Just keep cruising and try to avoid any serious injuries before the playoffs.
Hugo Chavez-Rey::Hey Justin Michel; you ever been spurred? Go do it and come back and tell us how non scary it is. LOL
David Jamison::That logo is awesome. I think you guys should go back to being the Jazz though
Shawn Bento::Spurs looking unstoppable.  They even shut down Davis.
William Clark::lol why is the pelicans still playing starters?
Tatyana Kuptsevich::Stat stuffers.
Hugo Chavez-Rey::Pelicans!  LOL  Ooooo, fear the Pelicans....
Justin Michel::And i guess a Spur is scary ...
Tatyana Kuptsevich::Pierre the Pelican is pretty scary... But no matter, Go Spurs Go! Keep up the good work!
Sam Saenz::Justin Michel If you get kicked with one it can be. Lol How about this, it's more like fear the 4 future Hall of Famers on the defending Western Conference Champion who took Miami to 7. Is that a bit scarier?  LOL
