Greg17493::Games so bad there wasn't even a recap lol
Sub15------::.
jsn23nc::This is Jordan's third year as majority owner and he got Charlotte in the playoffs his first year as the owner. Ive never seen a bad owner or exec make the playoffs but Jordan did make the playoffs. You cant name one bad owner or exec that has made the playoffs but people try to make Jordan out to be the worst. That's what you cal hating. If it's not your team why should you care what Charlotte does. Not to many people in Charlotte is mad about it and still are showing up at games because they see the bigger picture and that the Bobcats are starting over and building with young talent. Charlotte has a new team they are not like the Lakers or Celtics where those teams can go out and sign big time free agents because of thier history. Charlotte has a new team with hardly any history yet and Jordan is hoping to find and build young superstar through the draft. Message to this story is stop hating.
jsn23nc::This had to be the dumbest article I've ever read. All of a sudden some people are mad because Cahrlotte might get the 1rst pick. The draft has always been set up for the teams with the worse record to get high draft picks, but because haters might have to eat their words in a couple of season because Charlotte getting high draft picks, they dont like it.  Get over it!!! nobody was complaining about Cleveland last season when they sucked and got Kyrie irving with the 1rst pick and Tristan Tompson  with the 4rth pick. Now that Charlotte has a strong  chance a getting Anthony Davis it's a problem. I hope Charlotte get Anthony Davis so they can hate even more. There are even some haters saying this season may scar the Bobcats because they are young. Yeah right! This aint High School basketball. The Panthers only won 2 agmes in the NFL and got Cam Newton. It didnt scar the Panthers another team that was full of young players.
sambai23::For some reason the Cavs just don't seem to put their heart into tanking as much as teams like the bobcats and raptors...
jsn23nc::Yeah that's what Cleveland did to get Kyrie Irving and Tristan Tompson or maybe they just reaaly did suck and cry because their savior Lebron went to Miami.
AKSOX80::Two horrible teams.
arrogantespncommenter2::Mods deleted my last post so I'll post this again:  I am SO stoned right now.
nic4rest::why you calling him the molester..
Jack Tomlinson69::lol, just because it rhymes with lester.
Hands Off Hobo Joe::Lin is to LINSANITY as...  Lester "the Molester" Hudson is to MOLESTATION NATION!
ChiefWahoo1995::Isn't it something how when Lester Hudson has three great games in a row and the cavaliers win them, nothing,.  No national attention.  To bad he's not on the Knicks then he would be an NBA God.  It's really a shame.  Check this out http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=51_46_LakeCounty-Sentinel.com-Cavaliers-bury-Bobcats-103-90-04-10-2012
spong3bobrox::Cavs, at least win 22 games for me this season. Thanks! :)
glenbenstein::Best fantasy site I've ever used, give it a look http://www.fanduel.com/?invitedby=juice03585858&amp;cnl=da
bmac2244::Bobcats suck bad.... Michael Jordan should be ashamed for the team he is fielding... he is an embarrassment to the NBA...
PrettyLillyFlower.::Whooo lets go bobcats whooo 2013 NBA champs :)
billsfan0051::there is no way someone is posting here
yorklinks::bynum shoots 80% in crunch time, is the 3rd most clutch nba player... after irving and melo.... NO KOBE OR LEBRON HAHA FULL CLUTCH RANKINGS http://bustasports.com/?p=784
Hands Off Hobo Joe::Bobcats got molested, by Lester the molester.
theyancy::What did Antawn Jamison do to be forever stuck on losing teams? Karma is a $@%!$.
blaxl_rose::The way the Bobcats have been playing this season they'll probably lose in the lottery too.
thethrill121379::i didn't even know walton was still in the league....
sa330206::Look at his salary and you'll be sick
sa330206::I was excited to hear Lester did well again.. until I read "Luke Walton hit another 3."  If Luke even scores then you know the Bobcats are REAL bad.
ic0n2900::i don't care what anyone says, Kentucky can beat Charlotte 50% of the time.
quickbr0wnf0x::College dreamer.   Even the Bobcats would put Kentucky in their place.
nic4rest::lol would you really put money on the bobcats
DyersEve06::If they played a 7 game series, Kentucky would get swept and lose each game by at least 20.  It's 3 NBA-caliber rookies versus a team of NBA caliber players.  Come on.
Biz9990::MJ is a season or two away from being the Matt Millen of NBA hoop execs.
djblsc::The Bobcats are just plain horrible!!!
iM NiKKi x3::OMG! my cavs won, but it has to be against the worst team in the NBA. :/
cland4ever::but do you really want to lose to the bobcats...i mean come on its just 1 more win
sa330206::In this case a win is kind of a loss.  Hurting our draft chances.
cland4ever::a win is a win
cland4ever::lester the molester&gt; linsanity&gt; tebow mania
allroy1313::Lin was shooting 40% his last 10 games, Hudson 39.3% on the season. Plus, Hudson was drafted at the end of the 2nd round.  I mean, c'mon.
Lorenzomax14::Hudson's FG% is really poor. below 40% and he was drafted. No way he is better than Lin.
pacocassidy::until lebron realizes that he needs to be robin/alfred for this team the HEAT WILL NOT WIN A TITLE!!  if lebron can never realize this (I dont think he ever will his ego "chosen one" is too large) then the HEAT NEED TO TRADE HIM for Dwight!!!
HunterF4444::Nobody here cares
KingGeorge53::Lester the Molester!
cland4ever::why isnt espn putting hudson on the front page like lin was?
LiveAndDieCleveland::ESPN only cares about New York, Boston, L.A., and Miami..
El_Chubbo::HUDSANITY!  WOOO CAN'T WAIT FOR THE HYPE MACHINE TO START!  Hello?  Hello?
lilzo2005::lester hudson is from memphis south memphis baby he showing that anyone can make if they want to we well i want to show love to my guy cuz he told us he would make it back and i hope he plays well the rest of the season and here on out memphis love
The Land of Cleve::the Cavs don't always beat teams, but when they do, they have the worst record in the league
BrianGN07::For one day... yes.  Obviously this is our first win of the season, right?
gouconnhuskies3::It's becoming clear that coaching is the problem... How come Walker played 24 mins when he's scoring efficiently?
DMan101945::hate to say it, but i think stern fixes the lottery so that the hornets get anthony davis
quickbr0wnf0x::I thought he'd fix the lottery so the Cavs would get him.   What's not to like?
gouconnhuskies3::Thats fine... He's gonaa get eaten up with that lanky frame at anything past the 3 position
kfultz42::yeah but try shooting over that reach
d_gettis12:::'(
d_gettis12::good job bobcats, a loss is better than a win
BrianGN07::Because you were really in jeopardy of dropping out of last place in the league.  NOT
DyersEve06::4 picks in the upcoming draft....have to turn those picks into a star and a rotation player.  Potentially 5 picks in 2013 if Sacto makes playoffs.
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::I don't want an actual job and be in my mid 20's.. no! haha.
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::that's like in 2017.. I can't wait 5 years.. I'll be in my mid 20's lol.
letsgobucks-osu::Haha, we'll be a solid team before that anyway, that will just make us a lot better.
letsgobucks-osu::If and when they miss the playoffs we will end up getting their first round pick when we are actually good.
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::are we dreaming about the ball sack of the NBA going into the playoffs?
DyersEve06::Cavs have never really had an elite SG...hopefully Bradley Beal or MKG can be that guy.
shldnfrOhio::The Cavs haven't had a good SG since Ron Harper.
letsgobucks-osu::What about Larry Hughes? haha
KingMe52::Larry Legend was the main thing that kept me watching Cavs blowouts during the LeBron era. He had at least one $@%! up per game that made it worth watching.
letsgobucks-osu::I know, he was so bad!
DyersEve06::I was one of the few people who opposed signing Hughes.  That set the franchise back for years.
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::Which Prospect do you most want:  Michael Kettle Popcorn Thomas Chocolate Robinson  Bradley Buttered Buns or  Andre Drumstick
moflo02::i like chocolate the most. kettle corn isn't very good i like buttered popcorn much more. but is it one of the drumsticks with caramel in the middle?
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::maybe.. And if we get Dreymont Shamrock Shake in the 2nd round with William Buffet. I'd be happy.
Canmon::The Bobcats are really gunning for Anthony Davis. 13 losses in a row is pretty impressive.
DyersEve06::Cavs need to draft an elite wing scorer with their first pick..worry about center later in the draft or in free agency.
letsgobucks-osu::We have a good shot at signing OJ Mayo who can be a good scorer for us. We need to address a huge hole at center, there aren't really very many good centers out there willing to come to Cleveland.
DyersEve06::Maybe we take someone like Fab Melo with the Lakers pick....he's Brazilian so maybe Andy can mentor him.
loganramsey111::I agree, we need an athletic wing guy who can score on his own
DyersEve06::Which unfortunately is the same thing we needed back when we had you-know-who
moflo02::this game was so fun to watch. it was fun watching Dan Gilbert in the booth acting like a character but was definitely more fun watching Lester Hudson play. the guy is great.
letsgobucks-osu::Picking up a good center in the draft and maybe signing OJ Mayo would make this Cavs team a legitimate playoff team. I hope we get lucky in the draft and don't do anything stupid (like the Browns).
garockgiants::dont kid urself hobo joe thompson will take more then a year to reach his ful potential andd gee an lester wont be doin much soon
Hands Off Hobo Joe::Are you kidding? Along with the development of Kyrie, Thompson, Gee, and Lester -- that would make the cavs elite.
letsgobucks-osu::Yeah, I think we would definitely be a top 5 team in the east if this were to happen.
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::With Andy v.
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::Fab Fellow and Andre Drum Stricks are a few choices or Bradley Butterd Bread and Thomas Chocolate Robinson
Maurice White 2010::Don't worry Bobcat fans Anthony Davis is on the way
mikeyp2307::Sorry bobcat fans for going through what us cavs fans go through every game. trolls suck
kennyx4::I just can't believe the Bobcats are this bad.  I feel sorry for Paul Silas.  He needs to either retire or kill himself.
Jimmy45795::Winner Winner ....Chicken Dinner
loganramsey111::when is kyrie coming back?
DoctorJ0023::yeah think about it. The NBA owns the Hornets. The Hornets have two lottery picks. They are getting #1 for sure, probably land #2 as well.
John Glenn MLB::id prefer #1 but it'll never happen because even us cleveland fans know that lottery was rigged
nsmithNYC::We had no lottery magic last year, the Clippers trade pick brought us Kyrie while our dreadful season brought us Thompson.
dvdjedi@yahoo.com::LeBron is always looking to pass when the game is on the line. LeBron to Kyrie is a match made in heaven as Irving WANTS the last shot in those situations.
loganramsey111::'clutch points stat' (points in the fourth quarter of a game where the lead is five points or less) kyrie leads the league with like 26 points or something, lebron is like 30th
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::probally..
Jimmy45795::Wouldn't work because he can't close games. You would have to give ball to kyrie but Lebrick would try and take over and fail
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::Just imagine Kyrie and LeBrick together. They could've been destined for a championship. But LeBrick left... what ever..
Jimmy45795::I would like them to get Drummond or Beal
DoctorJ0023::As long as the Cavs are in the top 7, i'm cool.
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::Yeah no doubt. But I like to party.
loganramsey111::damn. welp lets hope for some lottery magic
letsgobucks-osu::I don't think we can get greedy. We suck.
jjenkins1984::Don't get greedy, you had plenty of lottery magic last year.
DoctorJ0023::hopefully not at all. shut him down. we need ping pong balls
jjenkins1984::Your draft lottery karma was used up last year.
BuckeyeheadKyle_828:::) smiley face with club dance music in the background
BuckeyeheadKyle_828::maybe not if he does not until the very end of the year.
jjenkins1984::And somewhere Michael Jordan is p i s s e d, oh wait, that's right, he doesn't care about the Bobcats.
John Glenn MLB::story of THEIR life
John Glenn MLB::And since when did our Cleveland Cavaliers score over 100 points
nsmithNYC::Since Sunday, the last game they played.
jjenkins1984::The Bobcats are just what the doctor ordered.
fearthevest10::I'm out guys. Later. Go Celtics, but only against the Cheat. Other than that, screw them too.
