Wolvesfan3::so....Michael Beasley, is the Phoenix version the same as the Minnesota version we all got tired of after about a month?
Arbyrick::Gortat, Beasley and Dragic go 9-34 from the field, ugh!
Tony_Montana83::did anybody get their money back???? lol seriously tho.
yellowdart24::H
springfresh3.1::This was a great game, I got my moneys worth sitting on the couch
Mavsnation123::Mavs got there win but i was still mad because we could have blow them out big but we wasn't taking good shots and leaving people open
bluerum29::Well, if I had gone I would be asking for my money back since they lost.  Sad times for Suns fans right now.  I really hope someone buys this team from Sarver.
dog_has_fleas::Megan Beeson
CandySparker::I like O.J. Mav.
EuropeDude1981::Beasley 0 rebounds. Unbelievable. Too bad when the suns finaly ditch him some stupid team will probably give him yet another chance
ihatecreasesinmypants::<b>Hello</b>
Old Fish 01::<b><u><i>HOWDY</i></u></b>
UnRhyno::Glad to see the Suns gag another win away.  Im a local, but I won't root for the Suns so long as Sarver &amp; his group own the team.  The represent everything that is bad about sport.  Colangelo was a class act, evidence his handling of the Olympic team.  Everyone in both organizations carried from top to bottom.  He knew how to take care of players and fans.  Sarver ran all those guys and Jerry off, which makes him scum.  I want to see the man go broke.  I hope everyone asks for a refund.  They should.  Sarver's Group should be refunding not just one game, but everyone's season ticket &amp; parking costs.
staffbb43::gag a win away? they're lucky the didn't get blown out....
SWAG_WHOOP_WHOOP_LECLIPPER JAMES::<b>MAVS IS TRASH, DAT NIGGGA DIRK SHOULD START ASKING FOR A TRADE.</b>
Old Fish 01::ya what he said
-LeTs gO mAvS-::troll  Mavs are 9-10 without Dirk Lakers are 9-10 with Kobe, Dwight, and Gasol  Lakers = Trash
jbpicks4u::gotta love fouls at the end of the game for the 2nd half over
pollstarinNYC::Ive been using this betting system called sportsbettingstar a few months. I am making around 2-3k a month profit using this system. If you google the words sports betting system you will find the system there. If you bet on sports you got to look into this winning system.
deltakimble58::Demand your money back Suns fans! What a joke of an effort.
UnRhyno::Its the right thing to do.  Most of the Valley was pulling for the Suns to lose.  Most of them know that Sarver Group, top to bottom is what's wrong.  Gentry is a good coach who deserves better as do some of the players.  They're not watchable.  Im boycotting all of the Suns sponsors and encouraging all my friends to as well so long as Sarver's Group is in charge.  The Phoenix Suns deserve and need someone with real money.
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Kobelies247 is a loser Portland Blazers fan that trolls every board
Whutitdew3::haha why!? mavs are fine we don't have dirk yet we are staying close. i would be sad if i was a portland fan to live with mediocre forever
Kobelies247::lol id be mad too if i was a mavs fan!
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Kobelies247 is a loser Portland Blazers fan that trolls every board
Kobelies247::IF i was at the game tonight i would of wanted my money back just for the fact of the team the Suns were playing!
Rose let Jack drown::Suns need a center.....sign Lebrons Father....Greg Oden
ilovecheese0707::Mizzou is irReleford
Rose let Jack drown::Mavs  Thanks for Tyson Chandler and Jason Kidd  NY Knicks Fans
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::you welcome rose and knick fans but the celtics or heat coming out the east
-LeTs gO mAvS-::Knicks had Chandler last year but they lost in the 1st round. Your point?
IAMLEGEND_101::SUNS LOL. WHAT A TERRIBLE OFF SEASON  KENDALL MARSHALL IS A BUM.   BEASLEY LOL  SCOLA  WHY SPEND ALL THAT MONEY TO BE MEDIOCRE
Kobelies247::Now youre starting to feel what its like to be a Portland fan...
Arbyrick::Hey at least the Sun Devils are playing well! Maybe they could beat the Suns :-0
Cotton Eyed Joe ARD::i think im g.ay...
-XxxKaYDeNxxX-::do u like man bum hole?
i love dallas sports and oatmeal my wifes cool too::.......................
Mizzou is irReleford::get on meatspin.com for a few minutes, you'll figure it out pretty soon.
ilovecheese0707::can i plz fu.kk u up ur $@%!?
Kobelies247::Hey Dallas, you better hope you meet the Suns in the 1st round and not the Clippers! HAHAHAHA  How you loser ever won a ring is BEYOND me.....
-LeTs gO mAvS-::This is coming for a Blazers fan lmao
Whutitdew3::hey hey hey when you beat portland, lakers, OKC, and miami THAT means youre a great team so shut your mouth you clipper fan!
Mizzou is irReleford::No one on this site won anything, the Mavs did. And if you're a Clippers fan, I find it hard fathom you're talking crap about winning a championship.
ilovecheese0707::Why is there no trolling on this page like the miami one? Is it becoz nobody gives a flying fu.kk about this game??
-XxxKaYDeNxxX-::F*** U ALL GO BURN IN HELL!
i love dallas sports and oatmeal my wifes cool too::your a winner!!!!
Mizzou is irReleford::becoz? Seriously bro?
ilovecheese0707::u go to fu.kking hell to di.ckhead
Mizzou is irReleford::fu.kking? Seriously bro?
I3UTTON::^^^ lol you sound uneducated
ilovecheese0707::go to fu.kking hell
40AcresAustin::Wade sucks. He's holdin lebron and the heat back
ilovecheese0707::why isnt there any trolling on this page like the miami one? is it becoz nobody gives a flying fu.ck about this game???
IAMLEGEND_101::THE FIRST GAME WAS SO MUCH BETTER. THIS GAME WAS BORING, NO LIFE IN THE ARENA. JUST A SNOOZEFEST
IAMLEGEND_101::EVER SINCE NASH GOT TRADED. SUNS ARENA IS DEAD
AboutDatLife::The Gasol brothers are the chode masters of the NBA.
ilovecheese0707::YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I DONT HAVE TO COMMIT SUICIDE TODAY!!!! THANKS MAVS!!!!!!
Mizzou is irReleford::damn
Mizzou is irReleford::Dwight should shoot free throws granny style. It would be more effective and more entertaining.
nargash::I think Rick Barry style would be effective and I am serious about it
40AcresAustin::you might be on to something
ilovecheese0707::YES!!!!!!!!!!! I DONT HAVE TO COMMIT SUICIDE TODAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
40AcresAustin::if dwight scores 43 a night, he will be a dominant center
40AcresAustin::exactly
Whutitdew3::ha yea right like kobe is gonna let that happen
IAMLEGEND_101::THE FIRST GAME WAS SO MUCH BETTER. THIS GAME WAS BORING, NO LIFE IN THE ARENA. JUST A SNOOZEFEST
40AcresAustin::shaq is awful
Je5teR777::Shaq ruins the flow on Inside the NBA, really wish it was back to Kenny, Ernie and Chuck.
Whutitdew3::shaq is so cocky
nargash::I bet you are Duke fan
I3UTTON::as long as Chris Webber isn't on there I'm happy
Mizzou is irReleford::Next Thursday on TNT: Wizards vs. Raptors
I3UTTON::next season TNT will also host: Bobcats vs. Pelicans
Dallas Mavs Where Plan Z is Greater than Plan A::I see the suns fans gettin their money back after that game
PhilMNAP::Shaq giving FT tips LMAO
jalapeno94::Stewie Griffin wants his money back
-LeTs gO mAvS-::As many of you know,I have posted the message "Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
SalPal.::haha that post is classic.
NBARefsRimRose::I love the NBA, NBA has made me 1k the last month, and I get the hottest $@%!$ to suck my co ck and lick my balls thanks to the NBA!!!!  man i'm awesome!
Cardinals-Diamondbacks-Sun Devils-Suns::As many of you know,I have posted the message "Spurs fans suck." many times. So why do I hate the Spurs? Because my Phoenix Suns got SCREWED in 2007. That Amare suspension was totally unfair and unwarranted and it cost the Suns the key game of that series,game 5. It was totally unfair and unwarranted and it may well have cost the Suns the 2007 NBA Championship. After 2007,being a Suns fan gives me no choice but to hate the Spurs.
I3UTTON::you should hate the Lakers just as much. y'all got screwed in 2010, shoulda beaten the Lakers in the WCF.
Derp N0winski::Whitey ford
I3UTTON::no one likes the Spurs
PhilMNAP::It's like being a Viking fan and hating the Saints!
zackzeeper::so the fans suck?
Mizzou is irReleford::boats 'n hoes.
Whutitdew3::why did they put 8-11 for us on TNT? aren't we 9-10 after this game?
Whutitdew3::mann we gotta improve we used to be so relevant on national television haha
joyhussain::yeah it gave the win to the suns for some reason
Derp N0winski::I saw that too, they dont care
joyhussain::damn post game show record gave the win to the suns
GeorgeTownDC29::How many times can NBA tonight make fun of satisfaction night? lol
