badma_afala::Was Tony Parker's boyfriend in the audience to watch him pour in that 31?  The one Eva caught him with, hence the breakup?
tmanskiboy88::Well slam_dunk_on_u... Hope you know that All us "spurts" fans will be Rooting for the Lakers for the lottery pick. And I just would like to reassure you, No one actually cares about what you say and no one likes you (:
muncieplumbers::clips fan here.. nba fan....  I see all of these hotshot centers in the league... Hibbert, Monroe, Cousins, Bynum, Howard, Bogut... and a couple of pretty good ones... David Lee, Aldridge... but the best guy is a guy by the name of Tim Duncan...   even at his age, he is the best center in the game WITHOUT ANY DOUBT
I hate Jerry Jones::I'm sorry I missed  the beatdown but i saw all the highlights...TP9 is a beast and he has CP3's number big time.  GO SPURS!
heatonomics::Stephen A. is cursed. The Clippers were playing unbelievable basketball and had the best record in the NBA. That is until Stephen A. Smith went on the record as saying that the Clippers would win it all. No sooner did he say that than everything began to unravel for the Clippers.
I hate Jerry Jones::Screamin A is an A.hole and he knows NADA about basketball.
samkat81::I would not trade Parker for Paul
bogringo79::Parker is the best point guard in the league
I hate Jerry Jones::WIthout a doubt, my man.
RichSqrd::"They came in trailing the Spurs by 4½ games for the best record in the NBA"... errr, I think the writer meant to say best record in the western conference...
PurpleJebus::?????????? Spurs have the best record in the NBA, so it's the same thing. Not that hard to grasp.
June 24th Is STILL Kobe Bryant Day::I just gained a little respect for Paul and Griffin.  They took their beating like men.  They learned some humility and are ready to move on to the next day.
Luis_Martinez1981::That's why a consistent good organization will always outcompete a hot team of the year... This is what the clipps should expect come playoff time versus the likes of SAS.
STEVE6163656::The Spurs actually beat them for once  Clips lead season series 2-1
Luis_Martinez1981::This is the first time the Clippers have won the season series in like 1,000 years
suchita78::Clippers are not a championship team this year.
scooterpants21::true, what would make them one?
RespectForTex::a coach that commands respect and sets up plays through a PG that can run them better than any in the league. Smarter bigs.
oblique15::Clippers should have done everything to get KG  The bigs they have are fun to watch, but not winners when it counts
muncieplumbers::The cost was too high.  However you personally feel about Jordan and Bledsoe, they have tremendous trade value and to shoot the wad on a 36 year old is unwise
Colorado Bolt Fan::Celtics would've beaten the Heat had they been healthy last season...C's AND the Heat know this!!! With the team they have right now (with KG), they WILL beat the Heat should they meet in the playoffs!!!
muncieplumbers::No chance.  Get serious man.  Even with rondo they are a long shot
STEVE6163656::Especially since the Heat weren't healthy either -- no Bosh for most of the series
suchita78::Yes but Garnett would not let that happen under any circumstance.
oblique15::the future, better then nothing when he retires
suchita78::Why would you want Bledsoe and DeAndre Jordan for KG?
oblique15::yeah, I heard he told CP3 hes not interested.   I`m a Celtic fan and wanted the trade, but have to love a player who is actually loyal these days.
rex_coach::<b>Which fanbase have the newest ESPN accounts?  Clippers or Heat</b>
oblique15::Heat  MOst Clipper fans are just Laker fans until Lakers turn it around
Deaneer32::Why is there so much hate directed towards the Clippers?
Colorado Bolt Fan::Because it's STILL L.A.!!! Lakers have 16 Championships, Celtics have 17, but everybody hates the Lakers...Clippers have ZERO Championships, Spurs have 4, but everybody's hatin' on the Clips'. Pretty sad, huh???
rex_coach::<b>Because the clippers held a parade in the month of december</b>
rex_coach::<b>Speak for yourself....</b>
Deaneer32::We just said we were legitimate contenders, nothing else.
slam_dunk_on_u::Congrats to the spurts! they managed to make it 4-9 agaisnt the top teams in the NBA :)
cjdapd::I'll take 18-9 against teams .500 or better, and while we're speaking of records that aren't subject to your opinion, I'd hate to have the Lakers' record in the same category.
FeFyeFoeRun::Spurs arent beating any athletic teams come playoff time. This is a Fact!
TWex2120::Oh you mean like when they swept the Clippers last year?
owain502::didn't you predict like a 5 game losing streak after the all star break?
slam_dunk_on_u::The spurts are not all that, what happened las night was a really bad night for the clipps after the long time off they had, a whole week?? while that pathetic spurts had already played one game... Even that crater man said it:  <b><i>"We're not that good and they're not that bad," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said. "I think it's because we already played one. Too long of a layoff (for the Clippers)."</i></b>  So I wouldnt get too excited if I was a spurt fan.  CP3 is still way better than Pepe Lepeu btw
cjdapd::Chris Paul got ABUSED and straight up outplayed in this game. Either you accept that or that he just wasn't trying, both are equally pathetic.
TWex2120::Anybody stupid enough to "like" this deserves to die in a car accident just like this clown.
rynospurs21::As bad as it looks on the final score board, that does not reflect how big of a beat down that this really was.
nba is the worst::Great to see the Spurs play at that level, passing was awesome all game
BarrelRider04::Good to see the Clips not making any excuses and giving the Spurs credit. That was an absolute PASTING! and ultimate fundamental textbook schooling by Pop and his crew. I also agree with a few others that Tony Parker should be considered for MVP. The Tony Torture Chamber was in full effect last night. Guy is greasy, can make any shot on the court.
71Minnesota::Being a great coach doesn't require super stars on the teams to win but know how to win without super star, Popovich has proven that and Phil hasn't !!! I take Pop over Phil.........
Airmasta::I think the more accurate statement would be a coach who can find players to fit his system, like Popovich, can do just as well as a coach who has the best player in the league (ie Phil with Jordan and Kobe).
el_dude00::If you look at the Pop era you'll see superstars on the roster.
timbeebe2::Damn you are stupid
RjEddy919::he prob wont because of large market and superstar bias, but tony parker should def. win mvp. especially after how he handled the clippers last night.
71Minnesota::The great things about Pop and Phil are .....They know how to hide the secret of success ......any of their assistants when left to coach for another team...never been success as Pop and Phil !!!!!
Redskins_Spurs_SEC::pipclooney6_realNBA_analyst - Statistically speaking, Gregg Poppovich is one of the worst coaches in NBA history.  What? He has the 3rd highest winning % of all time.... Popovich has been one of the best, if not the best coach, over the last 10 seasons. In his 13-year career, he has led the San Antonio Spurs to four championships and 633 wins, with just 305 losses. He won the NBA Coach of the Year Award in the 2002-03 and has had 11 consecutive seasons with a winning percentage of .646 or better. He will be inducted into the Hall of Fame in the future.
samkat81::He took over during the season.
No-account drifter::He has never missed the play-offs.
thebrunostrange::I'm not sure that's accurate. I could be wrong and too lazy to google, but wasn't he coaching the Spurs during the year in which SA won the Duncan lottery?
DownloadFirefox::Can we all just agree that the Clippers are frauds?  If they were a legit title contender, they wouldn't have lost by 26 at home with everybody healthy.
thebrunostrange::I wouldn't call them frauds. They're a team on the way up that's not quite there yet. All elite teams have gone through that stage. They have a window of 1-2 years to prove if they belong there. We'll see.
71Minnesota::Same as Miami lost to New York Knicks double digits at home without Anthony but they are still the team to beat.....It's not fair to judge by the blow out lost !!!!
No-account drifter::Naw, basketball is too variable. They have good players. But Pop v Vinny is definitely not a fair thinking fight.
71Minnesota::Pop would win title every year if he the coach for the Heats now.....I just say he would win...not saying he can !!!
pipclooney6_realNBA_analyst::Engrish prz.
pipclooney6_realNBA_analyst::Statistically speaking, Gregg Poppovich is one of the worst coaches in NBA history.
samkat81::Idiot
jeperales::please cite the statistics you are speaking of  thanks
TheSpecialOnce::Man, I dig you Spurs fans. A lot calmer and more realistic than Laker/Slipper/Boston/Heat fans.
stressone19::Hey man. I'm a Laker fan, but I'm not myopic. I agree though, alot of idiots come to these boards just to troll.
No-account drifter::Lakers also export their share of trolls to other boards.
TheSpecialOnce::Gotta admit though, trolling Celtics fans is a joy.
suchita78::Lakers get the most trolls.
stressone19::Pop and PJ are both amazing coaches.   PJ has had more star power, but, look at where his championship teams were before and he got there and after he left? It's no coincidence that Kobe and Jordan didn't win before or after PJ was their coach.   Pop is amazing at running a system, and has the respect of his players to run it to a T. As a Laker fan, I'd choose PJ, but, Pop would be my 2nd choice in a heartbeat.
Spursfan92120::Is it because the Spurs have been whipping the floor with your Lakers so far this season?
ereal011::PJ, no doubt he's a really good coach but in reality he inherited a playoff Jordan team that Doug Collins built and when it ran it's course he sat on his hands till he could inherit a Kobe/ Shack team. Hell a blind man could win titles with those teams. Pop has built every team the Spurs field. I'll take POP
nba is the worst::Yet no other coaches won with those teams without Phil.  Proving you wrong!
nba is the worst::Warriors tonight should be another blowout
71Minnesota::POp just send his stars back home m Dud !!!!! LOL
nba is the worst::Sure hope that Stern has figured out that Heat - OKC Finals suck...
stressone19::Remember that year when CP3 led his team to the NBA Finals??  Yea, me neither.
TheSpecialOnce::That's what I'm talking about. The Clippers aren't battle tested and are unproven.
TheSpecialOnce::Pop or Phil Jackson? I know Phil has more titles, but I love what Pop has done...Love my Lakers and Phil Jack, but I'd take Pop.
No-account drifter::Depends on what you have. Prima donna superstars? PJ. Otherwise? Pop.
ereal011::PJ, no doubt he's a really good coach but in reality he inherited  a playoff  Jordan team that Doug Collins built and when it ran it's course he sat on his hands till he could inherit a Kobe/ Shack team. Hell a blind man could win titles with those teams. Pop has built every team the Spurs field. I'll take POP !!!
TheSpecialOnce::Sitting his stars, playing his bench and still winning; That says it all.
TheSpecialOnce::Yeah Pop is turning into a guy the makes players better. I would love to be at some practice sessions and in that lockerroom at gametime.
I stole your cheap bike::dont compare pop to phil jackson. im not going to discredit jackson because he is good, but if pop had shaq or jordan? pop wouldve had just as many rings as jackson
71Minnesota::what is the records head to head Pop against Phil Jackson in the playoffs, Can anyone tell?
71Minnesota::The way Pop coach ......he can almost win any games in the regular season if he want to ....sometimes he just rest his stars.....and just let his benches played...He don't care much about the regular season what his mind set is WIN a BIG ONE !!!!!
NOVABuffalo::DR and TD are HOF, but the others players were drafted and developed -- -Manu, TP, Avery, others
NOVABuffalo::I think either would get simliar results.  I do think PJ had an easier path, but dang he did come through, didn't he?
71Minnesota::POP is the best ...he knows how to get the best of of his players !!!
TheSpecialOnce::71Minnesota - POP is the best ...he knows how to get the best of of his players !!!  Agreed.
stressone19::Pop is a great coach. So is PJ. I think it's a toss up.   Kind of like Lemueix vs. Gretzky
justblaze129::Remember when cliff Paul's hornets had a 3-2 game led against the Spurs and lost in game 7 at their house lml
jeperales::remember when the Clippers were swept by the Spurs in the Playoffs last year and ESPN was still trying to claim that CP3 was a better PG than Tony Parker...hahaha
I stole your cheap bike::with maturity of leonard, green and maybe even splitter, spurs are ready to bring the ring home.
stressone19::The Clippers will contend for title this year....said no one ever.
TheSpecialOnce::Yeah, Clipper fans aren't talking about that 17 game win streak now. Of course it helped, but doesn't really mean anything if you run out of gas midway through the season? Wait until the playoffs start. I see a complete meltdown coming.
DownloadFirefox::If you look at their schedule, they played about 2 playoff teams that entire month
justblaze129::Real quick where is slam_dunk didn't see him since he said the Clips was gonna beat us on the kings board on Tuesday ?
justblaze129::Lml I don't like that dude he probably butt hurt
NOVABuffalo::that guy is a waste of electrons
justblaze129::After the 09 season I believe when the spurs were a 7 seed I was gonna face it that our window was closed but after we beat the mavs And looking at now boy was I wrong
jeperales::they re-tooled with leonard, green and splitter
justblaze129::I remember last year everybody was getting on me cause the spurs got bounced by the grizz then they got to the WCF now hopefully we could at least get to the finals now
Spursfan92120::That was 2011 not last year and the Grizz are 1-5 against the Spurs since then
justblaze129::I'm talking bout last year before the playoffs when we was a #1 every1 was saying we gonna get bounced in the 1st round like the grizz did us shoot even wale said it on first take last year
PurpleJebus::Not last year, the year before.
PurpleJebus::The Spurs have always been one of the most underrated teams in professional sports. They also play a great game of basketball with an extremely deep bench and the best coach in basketball. If your a fan of good basketball, you have to be impressed with the Spurs as a whole. The Spurs are the ultimate quiet professionals a rare quality in any sport, which is impressive in itself.
suchita78::Led by Pop and Duncan.
PurpleJebus::Started by the "Admiral" David Robinson.
TheSpecialOnce::Pop is the best coach in the NBA.
I stole your cheap bike::timmy is great, but come on, tony parkier had been the mvp for the past 6-7 years
I stole your cheap bike::yuuuuuuuuup
suchita78::Parker is a very smart player.
TriumphHit::for sure.
I stole your cheap bike::i like how everyone keep saying this or that pg is better than tony parker just because parker doesnt have flashy moves. everytime i watch the spurs game, parker is raping the opponent pg.
TheSpecialOnce::Gotta say, I like Frenchy too...Spurs/Heat finals.
NOVABuffalo::While I'm happy as a Spurs fan, we all should recall teams aren't as bad as their worst outing and teams aren't as good as their best outing.  Clippers simply didn't play well, Spurs took advantage.
justblaze129::Yup for ppl like me n you if your a spurs fan lol
NOVABuffalo::used to have season tickets in hemisfare arena, I beleive that qualifies me ... LOL
justblaze129::True but last week I recall after the Clips blew out the lakers Paul said during the Postgame interview with TNT that their first game and their 1st priority was the Spurs
NOVABuffalo::guess that didn't work out --- good for Spurs fans
ddlkdd::spurs humped every available orifice
ddlkdd::lol
NOVABuffalo::got to erase that visual
I stole your cheap bike::right, clippers also didnt play well for 4 playoff games last season too.
NOVABuffalo::the sweep was great, but they did win two games earlier this year.  Certainly Spurs didn't dismantle them like last night
justblaze129::I hate the fact ppl say TP plays in a better system but if Paul &amp; Westbrook stop playing 1&amp;1 ball and use the pick &amp; roll and use it well like TP every1 would be saying there the best PGs
suchita78::Spurs Vs. Heat Finals.
ddlkdd::TP9: 31 pts  CP3: 4 pts  whos the better PG again? ahahahhah
bon911::Parker has always been playing with a better team, better system than Paul has.  They play the same position, but they play somewhat different roles. Paul is pretty much the only play maker Clippers have, so I think Paul has much harder job and responsibility than Parker who benefits from having guys like Ginobili and the system they play with. I wouldn't say one is much better than the other either way.
ereal011::@71 minn. Head to head ? Try 26-12 Parker and his stats in those games tower over CP3. It's not even close. Parker is better hands down !!!
gobroncos7889::Yeah I agree. Parker routinely outplays Paul in their match-ups.
ddlkdd::but in that game CP only outscored TP by 6 pts to finish wiuth 10 pts.  this game TP outscored CP by 27 pts not just 6
71Minnesota::Yeah !!!! why don't you brought up when these 2 played against each other the first game of the season when Tony scored only 4 points and CP3 dished out 12 assists ...to blew the Spurs out !!! I know Spurs is a better team than the Clips...but can't compare just 1 game
PurpleJebus::It's not one game, it's crazy how underrated Parker is.
71Minnesota::Not an underrated but CP3 is way better then Tony
suchita78::He is really good.  Some times, it is good to be under the radar.
suchita78::can not make a decison after one game
jeperales::one game??  Tony beat him 4 games staight in the playoffs last year
I stole your cheap bike::isnt that why parker raped cp3 last season?
71Minnesota::Agreed !!! CP3 is better head to head ...just 1 game won't make tony parker is better then CP3
ddlkdd::4 pts on 1-6 shooting lol
suchita78::Spurs after getting beat by OKC last year, went back and re-emphasized DEFENSE.  They are built as a championship team and I see them coming out of the West.  OKC has gone worse wtihout Harden, and I do not trust Westbrook in crucial playoff games.
PurpleJebus::Spurs bench is ridiculous deep.
suchita78::Spurs Bench can easily be starters for another NBA team.
71Minnesota::coach of year !!! POP....It won't take him long to figure out to beat the Clips
ddlkdd::up by 34 in the 3rd quarter before enjoying the human victory cigars. LOL. and at home too.  and just think...you thought you were CONTENDERS. LOL
ddlkdd::Spurs DUMPED in your MOUTH SLIPPER fans...LOL
TriumphHit::you just opened your account and this is the you can come up with. You must be 12.
Masix28::who are you talking to? The Cliipers dont have fans, they are all bored Lakers fans
TriumphHit::another clueless child^
