johndoe5699::"You like it? You think Milwaukee's cool? I mean I never heard anybody say I'm going to Milwaukee on vacation.What's so good about Milwaukee?  -Joakim Noah
milwaukeemonster::we finally got a game we needed...
azaman1794::god we suck...
Reality_And_Truth::Cleveland lucky that Kyrie's out...helps with the draft.....Kyrie Irving can't guard a folding chair anyway....just miss him on offense......
lamriverside11::Kobe Bryant Lights up the Clippers for 31 Points IS HE BACKK?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLir2enNEnM
Reality_And_Truth::Kobe Bryant is a Rapist and should be in jail in Eagle, Colorado today........the most Over Rated player in the NBA = Kobe .......
black people will take over the world i promise you::PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCMENT: You need to realize the threat black people have on us, they are unstoppable if used correctly, they can shut down water supply, they can kill our children, its really bad people! look at the slavery times, the black people adapted to the whether! it was hot as hell but they survived! howd they do it? i believe it is because black people are a hybrid from gorillas, they have the features of gorillas and the strength of gorillas and they have the traits! the world will end due to black people, black people will kill us all because black people have a ridiculous amount of resources! these blacks need to be stopped!~ NOW
FatKennyyy::It seems like after the Cavs acquired the mighty Luke Walton their team went down hill..  I find it funny how Luke is getting paid 3rd most among Cav players.
formaggio jones::Stern should diqualify the bucks and have the Knciks in no matter what....bucks have no real fans anyway
Felix1731::Its funny cuz right now the knicks have the biggest bandwagon in the NBA half of there "real fans" dont know anything about basketball
lhscf1::The funny thing is that's the only way that joke of a team in NY would even make the playoffs.
dcenate2012::16 points in the closing 5 minutes... all in a days work
cp3andcompany::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
formaggio jones::And u don't have a pot to pissy in
Tontos Redemption::With the Sixers in a free fall, It wouldnt surprise me if the Bucks passed both the Knicks and Sixers.   .500 may be good enough
Tontos Redemption::Knicks next 6:   Magic Bulls Bulls Bucks Wizzards Heat
Goon5832::Knicks got it harder then the bucks do remember that
Goon5832::Blazers are in tank mode slow dude we beat them by 30 already
Chuloflow::Knicks can beat orlando tomorrow and Bucks got Blazers and OKC in they're upcoming schedule two games which they can easily lose
Chuloflow::Bucks got Blazers on saturday tough game and OKC after that. This could destroy they're playoff hopes LOL
-FEARTHEDEER-::what about the knicks back to back games against chicago? and portland isn't a tough game we destroyed them in portland
State of MVPs::The Bucks would have a 0.9 percent chance to beat the Bulls or Heat in a series.  But...You never know when Ellis or Jennings could erupt for a huge one in the playoffs.
State of MVPs::Will the Bucks finally reach .500 this year?  I've been waiting all year to see that.
bpmd1@bellsouth.net::over
Chuloflow::After Friday, Bucks got there hands full
Carlos4175::please cavs sorry $@% fans ... go and get lebron.... probably you might get a win....
1mproperDancing::Apparently Carlos doesn't understand how tanking works.
Diamondslugz::Learn english.
formaggio jones::Was their more than 1,000 people in the stands for this game?
Miller Park After Dark::PLAY LEUER!
spong3bobrox::9 straight losses + Kyrie out for 10 days = FML
JPizzle61::= high draft pick
rockndoc2::In three years this could be Thunder-East:  Irving...McCollum Beal or MKG.... Gee,,,,Casspi TT......Moultrie Andy....F. Melo
DyersEve06::And suddenly Anthony Davis is looking like a possibility
nbafanatic69::lol hehe, didn't see that, thx.
KingGeorge53::NP
nbafanatic69::c'mon bucks.  knicks lost last night, you can gain another .5 pts with a win here.
KingGeorge53::I hate to be the one to relay this to you, but the game is over.
bucksgotime::what's all the lechoke stuff im hearing? what did that fagggot say now?
Alex818728::they just beat okc
Laoboyfresh::its a damn shame that monta ellis has never been a all star
Reality_And_Truth::Monta Ellis is over rated....rarely steps up in big games....
inefekt::2 good games since being traded is all star material? go figure..........
KingGeorge53::This is more like it for the Cavaliers.     AP had an outstanding game, good to see TT having another good game and Gee putting forth a better effort.  Irving, Gee, TT, Andy and who else?     Boo.bie is good off the bench so I can see keeping him.     If you had a choice would you keep Erden or Samardo?    Any rate, other than the 4 I mentioned, the Cavs can dump the rest, use the 4 picks in the draft (hopefully pick up an extra pick or two in this talent laden draft) and pick up a FA or two for vet presence.
falcoff818::Samardo &gt; Erden, And They Need a True Center, Andy is more of a PF, but with the 4th pick i think they can keep Andy at Center and Pick up Brad Beal
Freshd34::As a new bucks fan due to the monta ellis trade, I am hoping this winning trend continues and the Bucks get the 8th or 7th playoff spot. I want to hear David Stern announce the Knicks 14th pick this June.
John Glenn MLB::Anthony Parker?
KingGeorge53::Good game for him.
13arodcano24::It's kind of sad to see Ellis have more assists per game than Jennings.
Freshd34::If they keep winning, why change it? Brandon and Ellis I think are doing a decent job coexisting. Ellis before and now is a better playmaker than jennings so letting create plays and increase jennings scoring and FG% is something I would do too as a coach. Plus you save monta ellis legs for the 4th so he can explode for double digit scoring quarters such as the Hawks game and tonight game.
Edward4515::I dont think jennings will ever avg close to 7+apg but he put up 15 &amp; 16ppg while shooting 37%FG. So him at near 19ppg shooting 41%FG at 5-6apg isnt bad at all.
crolson1964::the best thing the bucks did . . . . . . was getting rid of bogut!
inefekt::m0r0n, Ellis has only his second good game in a Bucks uniform and suddenly he's the saviour? Get a freakin clue
GetHype21::Jackson = the cancer that is someone elses problem.
Reality_And_Truth::Jackson is a Cancer and a Loser....he hurts any team that he plays on......
dcenate2012::I think getting rid of Jackson was the prize.. Bogut was good when healthy.. But I like this up tempo bucks team now..
Alex818728::Good to see the cavs fighting, but now 1-10 since the sessions trade
falcoff818::That Sessions Trade Was Horrible, Dan Gilbert being Dan Gilbert
1mproperDancing::That Sessions trade was the team not thinking short-term like a lot of the fans.  Sessions was going to leave after this season anyway, and if the Cavs didn't trade him they would have gotten nothing in return.  Instead, they turned him into a first round pick and an expiring contract to potentially flip at next year's trade deadline.  They also have the rights to swap their Heat pick with the Lakers pick next year, and if Bynum, Gasol, Kobe, or some combination gets hurt for an extended period next year, that could become a major asset for the Cavs.
KingGeorge53::Much better game tonight by the good guys.   However, the bucks aren't the Spurs.
Alex818728::yeah I mean I like the trade but it does make a big impact on the team
Impounded216::we dont have anyone to run the bench squad. but the picks should help us more in the future and he would have been gone at the end of the year anyway
...TSUNAMI...::Who'd they beat? A D-league team?
Impounded216::the nets... so yes
buckspackers23::In the last 3 Minutes, Ellis was 8-8 with 16 points.
...TSUNAMI...::Great effort.
...TSUNAMI...::Ellis &gt; "Booger" Bogut
inefekt::in his short career with the Bucks prior to tonight he was averaging 14ppg at 38%, that's poor. but of course your attention span is akin to an infant so you don't remember these kinds of details..........he just went for 30 points so he's one of the great NBA players right? Idiot.
dcenate2012::8 assist  16 straight points.. not bad
Impounded216::lol the bucks have had how many years of high draft picks and this is as good as they have got ?
buckspackers23::They hardly ever have high draft picks. 11-14
korn7860::After the 3rd pick in the draft, most players are hard to predict how well they will pan out.
MAGIC11033::I should have taken the Cavs.  That big spread was a gift.  I liked it all day but didnt pull the trigger, oh well.
MAGIC11033::I wasnt sure if this team had just quit on the coach, when that happens they dont stick around in any game.  They played about as hard as they could though so I guess the coach hasnt lost the team yet.  Plus they were absent a few of their top players.
1mproperDancing::I don't think it's a matter of the Cavs quitting.  I think it's a combination of an overall lack of talent (half the guys on the roster were D-Leaguers, second-rounders, or undrafted at some point in the past two years) and tired legs.  The Cavs are a young team and most of these guys have one complete NBA season or less.  Couple that with playing big minutes, a condensed schedule, and a lack of training camp and it's easy to see how some of the guys are probably worn down at this point in the season.
esmith6547::You would think with irving out they would cover..
buckspackers23::I love seeing gamblers fuck up and miss the spread by a point. Makes my day :)
esmith6547::so why do you watch sports??
esmith6547::Who the hell bets rent money??
Edward4515::LOL, very true. Funnier if its a large amount of $ (months rent is the best)
esmith6547::I bet 2 games today. Pacers because they were playing washington and Bucks because they were playing Cavs.. And after that $@% whipping from the spurs I thought the bucks would do the same to the cavs.. Thats what made me take the bet and Irving was out..
esmith6547::Ok good point...
buckspackers23::Because I like watching my teams win. I bet ever now and then, but so many guys are on here almost every game, its pathetic.
korn7860::Said earlier I had a itchy feeling it would be within 8, was only 1 point off.
Alex818728::yeah Ellis is great
Alex818728::you were right, i had this game as a blow out
korn7860::This is why the Bucks wont win more than 2 games in the postseason, games where they just..... dissapeer for long stretches.  Good showing from Ellis though.
dcenate2012::Knicks FEAR THE DEER!
Super_david1964::Bucks should make the playoff if they don't screw up the way Knicks did.
korn7860::76ers FEAR THE DEER!!!!
JR420EIGHTBALL::16 straight points. ELLIS!!
dcenate2012::Ellis holy shit he has awoken again.
MAGIC11033::game over bettors.
JR420EIGHTBALL::14 straight points ELLIS
maxboltz619::lol, there goes the spread peeps! fucc this has been a bad night
Cp9516::ELLIS!
esmith6547::Male Groupies are the worse.. Get a girl and get laid.. $@%
buckspackers23::Monta is on fire.
BrickyRubio::Not a fan of either team, but no idea why the Bucks fans sound so confident when the Knicks are still way ahead.
nfcnorthchamps25::ughh.. 1 game ahead of us now. and we have a by far easier schedule from here on out plus we host them one more time. Thats why we are so confident.
Alex818728::rumor has it your a Cavs fan, that what Minnasota fan always are saying
cyclonextrem::Way ahead? You mean 1 game?
buckspackers23::1 game?
JR420EIGHTBALL::1 game is not way ahead and the knicks will lose the next game so bacically we'll be tied because we have the bobcats at home.
JR420EIGHTBALL::12 straight points for ELLIS!!!
...TSUNAMI...::Ellis making the Cavs look like D-Leagues, oh wait, they are.
Alex818728::then why isnt it a blow out, you guys can barely beat a d-league team?
buckspackers23::Shut. The fuck. Up.
