BostonHerald::The Celtics are going to run the table the rest of the trip
goRedSox4champs::I like the current mix of this team.  There is much more athleticism than relying on elaborate set plays (like last year).  I think this is how Ainge likes it. Also it's nice to see Fab Melo get in there even if it was only 4 minutes.  He will probably get more time when they face team with more dominant centers.
oblique15::When I think of a player getting 5 blocks, I think of a big man, but Green is lengthy. He has allot of potential to be a Superstar, I just wish at some point he picked up some attitude.
Road dog Red::After rewatching the game last night Th Celtics are set to whup sum azzzz.. the NBA better watch out
candycane316::good lord jeff green is a boss... i mean 31 pts 7 reb 4 ast 2 stl AND 5 BLK                                                                                                                                                                                                                               THATS boss :D
nmyoung94::On February 22nd, I became a believer in Green
david_pichette@yahoo.com::Where did Beasley go mid-game? had enough? Bet his teammates love him
boomdads75::lol no heart
Saywuttdogg::Fab Melo needs to play more than 4 min.
Brett3136::No he doesn't. In fact he's not ready for the NBA at all. I watched that Red Claws game that he put up the triple double and yes he can block shots but his offensive game is weak. He has a lot to learn. In that Red Claws game I watched a play where he was trapped under the basket, with a team mate wide open for three in the corner, and he did like 5 up fakes and ended throwing the ball off the BACK SIDE of the basket and landed out of bounds. Meanwhile the wide open team mate gave him a wicked stare down and looked at him like what the hell man?  That is something you see in YMCA games - NOT the NBA - I have never seen anyone do pump fakes underneath the hoop and end up throwing the ball off the BACK SIDE of the backboard frame. He also had an easy lay up and put the ball off the glass and it hit nothing but glass, no rim or anything.   To be fair he's been playing basketball for what? 4 or 5 years or something? But he's not ready for the NBA, he is the very definition of raw. He may not be ready for another couple of years.  bring on D.J. White.
boomdads75::lmao - really? that a funny story man - Melo is raaaaaaaaw.
17-Celtics-18::I'm pleasantly surprised Crawford did that well on his first game
Strike 1 yer OUT::finally Green gets a start
_I Am A Celtic_::No Kg and we didn't even get out-rebounded!
djgreen83::How didcrawford look
_I Am A Celtic_::Good
itsdanuggets::Jeff Green baffles me. It seems like as long as we're not on (national) TV, he is a really good basketball player. If we're on TV, he's lost, makes bad decisions, is too nice, doesn't rotate, and has no identity as a Celtic. I swear, all I've seen of him is disappointing play and consistently being out of position. I'd love to see one of these games he tears it up instead of just the box score.
Brett3136::I wish a lot of you would shut the hell up about Green. The guy has only been playing around 15-25 minutes per game and lately he's been putting up around 14-18 points a game. His performance last night was awesome. Not because he scored 31 points, it was because he was 11-14 shooting. Lets see Carmelo and his 6-27 shooting nights (with 10 or more points from the foul line) do something like that. Same goes for other "STARS" in this league who take 30 shots a night and make 8 or 9 but yet get half their points from the foul line because the refs protect them so much.  Jeff Green is surrounded by Paul Pierce and KG, obviously he was unselfish early on because he didn't want to look like a ball hog around NBA champions, and this is a guy coming back from life threatning heart surgery just a year ago. The message has been sent to him from the media and his team mates that they want him to be a ball hog and he's been selfish as hell lately and I love it. He's shown emotion lately getting the crowd fired up, some ferocius dunks. What more does the guy have to do to please you fairweather f**kheads? He's our future, what you saw last night was what you will see once he becomes a starter every night.  All of you talking smack about him will look like fools because once Pierce is gone, Green will be getting around 35 minutes per game and show what he's made of every game. He will not be the leader right now with Pierce and KG here so you can't expect him to be, but once they leave Green will be our high scorer. I guess 31 points isn't enough for you losers though.
oblique15::It just says, Hes not ready to be a star and get attention. Maybe at some point he can become hungry to get some attention then bam! His game  will explode!
Lexx305::so hes the anti rondo?
Dribbird.::I know the suns aren't that good.  But it's nice to see the Celts can win a road game without KG.
SamWard095::So happy they didnt trade green
nba is the worst::Nice to see production out of the new guys.  It will be an interesting last 27 games (as the Knicks fall like a rock).  Got to get a split on this next B2B (Blazers probably easier than the Jazz)
grains.diperlna::Great pickups, good work from Ainge, strong leadership from Pierce and Garnett, but this yyear I have to tip my hat to Doc. With all the injury, age, and possible trade nonsense, Doc quietly does the small things to make a team play like a team. His managing of KG's and PP's minutes has been amazing, his demeanor in the press room, and his ability to get players to play the right way (Lee, Bradley, Green and surely Crawford were all very raw before joining the C's). He wont get it, but with the resources they have and the adversity they have had to overcome, Doc is coach of the year. Pop is the best, but I think Doc is a close 2nd.
kane FTW::It's really something when your leader only has 8 points and your other leader sits out the game and you still demolish the home team from coast to coast. Terrence williams and Jordan crawford both were great pick-ups if you ask me.
Rex_Facts::<b>great pickups indeed</b>
Boston Bruin Fan::I agree the celts are deep, we are going to win the east
oblique15::Deep? no, way to many injuries lol
gary_bettman_hearts_the_coyotes::That is crazy talk!
TunaSauce16::#GodofAcidisanidiot
Shaun0088::#Thisisnttwitter
blakjak1298::#YouareMean
Kobeis not the GOAT::Crawford looked pretty good for us tonight #goodtrade
Sly Dover Jeez::Sure did how about green start every game now?? He made bass look silly....as always
GodofAcid::This is not twitter, please stop with the stupid hashtag crap.
Kobeis not the GOAT::#
neboston789::Still was a questionable trade at the time but Green &gt;&gt;&gt; Perkins now
Kobeis not the GOAT::No no no no no. Except for KG we still have yet to have a decent center.
Kobeis not the GOAT::Well I take that back. I'm still saying it was a bad trade, but I'll say it worked out. At the time it was a bad trade, but it turned out to be good for them. I agree Green&gt;&gt;Perkins.
My favorite team is SEC::jeff green is the cornerstone of the boston celtics.....   ?
Celtics4Life941::If he stays consistent?! YES
Dantion::"You can't coach effort." -No one ever.
Dwayne_Johnson23::<b>C's!!</b>
suchita78::Celtics need to get to 4th or 5th seeding.
Kobeis not the GOAT::@Hemoglobin and michael is it that hard of a concept. Seed is everything for the Celtics, you say to avoid heat and pacers, but to avoid them both they need at least 6th seeding.
micheal3600::Miami the one seed Indy the two seed can't avoid them both
Hemoglobin Trotters123::correction, celtics need to avoid the heat and pacers until the conference championship, the seed means little to nothing in the playoffs for the celtics
goRedSox4champs::I agree.  Hopefully the Heat get battered in the first couple of rounds before the C's match up with them in the conference final.  With the C's adding more youth they might have a better chance in that situation.
Kobeis not the GOAT::that's impossible to avoid them until the conference champs, but you can avoid them in the first round w/a high enough seeding.
suchita78::that is how they will avoid them.
Hemoglobin Trotters123::oh lets do it
suchita78::He's a matchup nightmare. At [small forward] he can post you, at [power forward] he has speed, and when he's making his jumper like he was making it today, it's pretty much a tough night for whoever's guarding him. Doc Rivers on Jeff Green
micheal3600::green over smith just shows how little you know about basketball
Sly Dover Jeez::Shut down. Horfod is their best player, josh smith is rather a want for the C's than a need and green has a better shot and got 5 blocks without kg in the lineup
mney92::Its called id rather have Green for about 10 million a year over Smith (who is a nuisance in the locker room) getting a max contract any day of the week
Hemoglobin Trotters123::Its called potential over the ceiling, Green has superstar potential, and J smoove is at his ceiling and is isnt even the best player on his team and wants a max contract, i think you my friend know nothing about basketball
Hemoglobin Trotters123::Dude has 31 points and 5 blocks and your gonna find a reason to hate on him, pathetic
Hemoglobin Trotters123::People dont realize he only gets like 22 minutes ish off the bench and still puts up 17 or 18 points a good amount of time, ide rather have him than j smoove for real
suchita78::He has been playing great and consistently esp. since Rondo went out.
micheal3600::lmao one good game out of five is what you get out of Green
suchita78::what is your team michael?
Sly Dover Jeez::Golden state up by 2, spurs better not pull out a joe johnson
suchita78::Lakers win.  Howard is playing like his old self (from good Magic days).
Dribbird.::Let's see if he can keep it up.
suchita78::So Doc should be really please with Terrence Williams right?
iownamicrowave::True story: I once hung out with KG and Rondo at a Steve Winwood concert
steelerdawg1975::Did you have a big circle jerk?
Kobeis not the GOAT::WTF is wrong with your brain?
steelerdawg1975::Wow.
Celtics4Life941::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phuQTqZFhFU&amp;feature=related
Celtics4Life941::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phuQTqZFhFU&amp;feature=related
TresMilagro::Now that wasn't too hard now, was it?
jagrmiester777::Would anyone here besides me, would like to have Jermaine O'Neill coming off the bench?
jagrmiester777::I mean I can think of many others who I would want, but as far as a low cost, experienced big man, I would take him back
suchita78::yes but need consistent and reliable production for the playoffs, not just one game here and there
jagrmiester777::kness not so good lol...but he can rebound and defend...and still score...had 17-12 on GS..
BeantownBomber718::I agree.
suchita78::we need help in rebounding and good knees.
BeantownBomber718::Good Size, Experienced, he'd be an ok asset.
kahl1212::will mark Cuban ever not say stupid stuff lol
BeantownBomber718::Be Honest.. Who here has been to the Basketball Hall of Fame?
TresMilagro::My sister lived right next to it. Visited several times. I haven't been there in the last 20 years, since I now live in LA
kahl1212::i lived in springfield so yeah a few times
Dribbird.::I have
suchita78::I have.
jagrmiester777::I
BeantownBomber718::jagrmiester777 - yea I'm from NY so it wasn't to far, yet not real close...  Upstate NY is within good range of Springfield and Mass in general...only a 2 to 3 hour drive to it definitely isn't too far from ya.
jagrmiester777::yea I'm from NY so it wasn't to far, yet not real close...
BeantownBomber718::jagrmiester777 - hmm...not sure I was younger then...went for a basketball field trip...I just remember them having a screen where I could play against wilt or someone  Damn....you have been there. Yeah I also went because I led my Church team to the Church Youth League Championship for the YMCA and my Coach brought our whole team....on the left is a McDonald's and on the right is an NBA Store. I went in 05' so they've probably made changes. awesome place.
jagrmiester777::hmm...not sure I was younger then...went for a basketball field trip...I just remember them having a screen where I could play against wilt or someone
BeantownBomber718::Oh Yeah....what was on the right &amp; left when you walk in?
Dribbird.::Crawford Green and Terry can all score off the bench.  If they can add someone down low who can play defense and score a little the Celtics should have one of the best second line's in the NBA.
suchita78::On days, Pierce's game is off, our starters find it very difficult to score offensively.
suchita78::@Portland @Utah
kahl1212::if they play as well as tonight,both will be very close and winable
suchita78::Are you excited about the Red Sox this season?
Celtics4Life941::Bass tonight, second most mins on team with 32: 6 points 3-8  and 6 boards! Sad and Pathetic
tonayheeMASS::why doesnt wilcox play more minutes?????
Celtics4Life941::wilcox has the talent! he just doesn't have the desire!  But i will take Wilcox over Bass!
suchita78::Maybe he was proving sth tonight since his name was on the trade to washington, which he was able to cancel.
tonayheeMASS::i just love his game so much! tough and fast
Jdzspace::his conditioning isn;t good enough yet, still recovering from his surgery last year
Celtics4Life941::Green needs to start and Bass to the far end of the bench!
Celtics4Life941::huh? u ok man?? need some help!
Celtics4Life941::Green is 6"9 and tough! i will take him over bass anyday!
BeantownBomber718::Tell me the truth......it's because he looks like a Bass right??
BeantownBomber718::Really? Are you Racist? Why does it have to be the end of the bench... Are you like those White people that tried making Rosa Parks sit at the End of the bus? Huh? Punk? I'll Donkey Punch you like a Gorilla on Steroids.
Trizzle0047::You're an idiot!
suchita78::Yes.  But did you read the comments below that he is not a power forward and that he can not clog the paint and has terrible low post defense.
michael107117::If Jeff Green can continue to play at a high level Boston will be tough to beat. They should go sign DaJuan Summers from their DLeague team a very similar player to Green, a PF with SF skills. Sign Summers and move Green to the starting lineup. They'll have enough scoring off the bench with Terry, Summers, Bass, and Crawford. Green would give their starting lineup a nice punch
Cswillwin::the heat or pacers dnt wanna c the Cs
micheal3600::better stay out of the 7th or 8th seed or its going to be a first round exit for the C's
suchita78::Terrence Williams: 9 Points Terrence chipped in a few efficient points, but his passing and decision-making were what really impressed. He seemed like the most talented playmaker out on the court tonight. His potential is tantalizing, and if he avoid the off-court troubles that have plagued his career thus far , he could really help this team this season and possibly beyond. A-
Celtics4Life941::KG if you are listening, get in Bass's face and tell him to step it up. There's no reason Bass shouldnt average at least 12-13 points and 8 rebounds a nite!
BeantownBomber718::PartTimeHomer?? Are you the Blind Homer??
steelerdawg1975::Looks like somebody needs to get a life or a girlfriend.
PartTimeHomer::What?   Dude, I said the trolling was dumb and that Crawford would fit in fine with the Celtics.
BeantownBomber718::PartTimeHomer - BeantownBomber718 - Homer the Greek poet was Blind...so I was just asking if you were him? :-)  Oh. No, I am not. lol  ....lol I Got You! I like catching people off guard sometimes. All in Good Fun.
PartTimeHomer::BeantownBomber718 - Homer the Greek poet was Blind...so I was just asking if you were him? :-)  Oh. No, I am not. lol
BeantownBomber718::Homer the Greek poet was Blind...so I was just asking if you were him? :-)
Jdzspace::47pts off the bench....nice
Dribbird.::And 31 from Green who is usually a bench layer.
Jdzspace::yeah, but i didn't count his numbers as bench numbers. good stuff indeed
suchita78::Sun's had a sell out since some game in 2011 and the team did not come to play.  I could hear Lets Go Celtics chants...(maybe more celtics fans)
Dribbird.::A lot of people from New England go to Florida and Arizona during the winter.   That wouldn't surprise me.
ourgreen::RISING FROM THE ASHES   Suns, US Airways Arena in the Valley of the Sun,  KG's missing this game--for rest--his first one. Green will start--many fans this will please,  Doc refers to us tonight as "The Mini-Cs."  Home team wearing black, visiting Cs in white,  Crawford and T.Will--lots of new looks tonight. Green hard to the hoop, got a smack in the head,  Suns have size--Coach Hunter went small instead.  Cs opened with a 13-0 run,  Green, going right at Scola, was having fun. A Suns' trade yesterday made for a happy mother,  Got Marcus  Morris who joins Markieff, his twin brother.  Cs running off Suns' turnovers, playing like a team, Lee, Green, AB--all with heads of steam. Captain P to Wilcox (loves running the court)--alley-oop, Forgot about J. O'Neal (who dissed his old Cs group).  Suns went on an 8-0 run,  Green For Three! Cs up 8 end Q1. Mark the moment in Q2: Crawford for Three-- On a pass from T. Will--first points as a C!  Breaking news we heard tonight,  Another 10-day from China--(big) D.J. White. Q2 Cs' new guys played together, both showed skill,  Running and scoring for Crawford, great passes T. Will.  Cs running hard, JET playing great D,  Excellent defensive rebounding Courtney Lee. Dragic and Gortat doing well together,  As the Suns do their best the Cs' runs to weather.  Bass played well--Cs up 12 start Q3, Pinched neck nerve, but back in the game, Captain P. A 9-0 Suns run,  hard up the floor,  Stopped when AB and Lee (for three) did score.  GREEN, GREEN, GREEN FOR THREE, GREEN,  This is the best version of him we have seen! T. Will left-handed lay-up, Cs controlling the pace,  Every one of these Celtics lighting up this place!  JET For Three, Cs up 14 start Q4, T. Will to the hoop, JO fell on the floor. Crawford dunked, then with his floater showed touch,  T.Will and he will be loved by Cs fans very much.  JO was blocked! Then Crawford for Three! Wilcox with a dunk! The Morris Twins we did see. Stellar night for The Green, and for Green Number Eight Doc encouraged Wilcox and tonight he played great!  Cs by 25, a long overdue fun night,  Maybe Ainge's trade decisions were exactly right! Suns are not very good, Cs should've won it would seem,  Still it was so much fun to see them play as a Team!  Streaking....
Justin25733::...the kind of people who frighten you because you are afraid they will treat you like the way you treat women?
zeller2395::gay
Dribbird.::They better extent TWill's contract.
suchita78::Gronk:  This is a guarantee, I am sure and calling it.
