Thor::I love watching Griffin play. He is amazingly talented and never fails to give the fans a show...but don't look for him to ever be the kind of player that brings his team back from a 20 point deficit with five minutes left to play, that's just not in his skill set. Not a criticism, just the way it is. When I was growing up my favorite player was Dr. J., same exact type of player. Great to watch, but not the kind of go to guy like Magic, Bird or Jordan. The Clippers need that kind of player as well. I'm not so sure it's Paul either but I would go to him before Griffin.
asaki::Blake Griffin is overrated.
Purple N Gold X 16::Title contenders? Lmao. You know you're extremely overrated when even the lowly Nets blow you out.
Devin H::I wonder where these teams' players will be vacationing the last week of April?
Jim::Blake Griffin is starting to remind of D12.  Athletic, dunks, can't shoot free throws, no offensive game and no improvement from year to year.
Steven McCormick::How the heck did Doc Rivers allow this to happen.  One of the best teams in the league gets toppled by the worst team???  Under the watch of a so-called championship coach.  What the heck was wrong  . . . didn't Chris Paul get enough rest last night.  Even if the Nets were really able to beat them , this is not a team that allow s itself to be beaten by 9 points over all and 36 to 19 in the second quarter.  The Brooklyn turns  around and beats them by 9 points more in the 3rd quarter.   Doc . . . . get your act  together!!!
OKCKevinDurant::Once there was a delusional yahoo user name KnicksChamps Tumblr. He saw that his beloved Knicks were the joke of the nba so he went to every comment section of every NBA game and hated one of the two teams. Everyone in the comments were fed up and he was banished back to tumblr where trolls could leave free
Whitey::David, Doc looks like he has some Russian in him. If he doesn't Andrei (AK-47) would probably help him out.
mattye::REALLY like the Nets in this one.
Loosie::i was going to be a clipper fan, until my mom told me she actually knew who my father was...
