Carslon12::ridiculous game, Cleveland is full is d-leagers and undrafted players and they still can't lose the ones they need to lose
LocalSportsTeamFan::WHY in the world did you win this Cavs? ......
scottthomas1965::I started betting on sports last year and tried a few pros for picks and never had any real luck. I stumbled upon a sports betting system called sportsbettingstar.com a few months ago. It is a 2 game betting system but I have won more money using this system than any other system I have tried so far. I am making the income of a part time job now just following this system. Thought I would share this if anyone out there is trying to find a betting system that actually works
pastelpaul::Harangody can play in the NBA if the team would just play him alot of minutes for a few games and get him started. I feel that the Celtics should have kept him as he is a good hustling player who plays hard. Cavs will be better next year. Whiz are just bad, bad and bad.
imakeumoneyforfree2::6 straight winning days!! just on fire and im doing it for free !!!! check this out......http://frankwhitesportsny.blogspot.com/  every play posted and verified i dont just say like scumbag handicappers claim on here ! i prove it ! p2p4u spread the word !
KeithDTN::Yes.. two worst teams other than Charlotte in the league..
quickbr0wnf0x::New Orleans Hornets?  Sacramento Kings?
pseudoxan::Under 300 comments for Cavs/Wiz?  Seems about right.
Brandon Buckets::No Irving or Jaimson and the Cavs still beat the Wizards...LMAO!
scottsvb1::Jaimson? Well we won cause he didnt play! He sucks
Agent Zero7::the Wiz didnt have Nene and Booker either
quickbr0wnf0x::And no Varejao or Gibson either.
Westbrook vs good teams 7-19 22 points 3 assists::Finally, a logical explanation for LeBron's absences http://www.facebook.com/pages/LeBron-exits-games-in-the-4th-quarter-to-receive-Bosley-hair-treatments/294506713958778 .
Westbrook vs good teams 7-19 22 points 3 assists::http://www.facebook.com/pages/LeBron-exits-games-in-the-4th-quarter-to-receive-Bosley-hair-treatments/294506713958778 . I actually liked this page , even as a Heat fan.
TRHMC1::I knew the damn Wiz would give us trouble...we gotta play these bums again too. #onelesspingpongball
ChiefWahoo1995::Nice game tonight cavs.  Keep it up.  Check this out - http://www.lakecounty-sentinel.com/index.php?p=4_9
Heart And Soul 21::.
Westbrook vs good teams 7-19 22 points 3 assists::http://www.facebook.com/NbaMvp2012
Hands Off Hobo Joe::Come on Cavs. These are the games you need to lose!
Heart And Soul 21::.
HunterF4444::God dammit Luke fu.cking Harangody put up a double double on the wiz...what the f.uck
ummmyak::damn..did you guys here about jeremy lin: http://sportales.com/basketball/jeremy-lin/
JOSHiik214::dang man....being a wizards fan is like sky diving without a parachute....just can't seem to hit the ground...the further you go the worse it gets
I know that you know that I know you::Wow Wsh gets shafted, look at the free throws.
sa330206::I'm a Cavs fan so I don't have too much room to talk but really Wizards?  If you knew who Luke Harangody was you'd be very embarrassed.  LUKE WALTON even put up a few points on you guys.  When the Lukes put up these types of numbers on you (and as a bonus their team wins), you might want to consider just moving your whole team to the NBA Development League.
gdgdfgdfgrrr::http://www.facebook.com/pages/LeBron-exits-games-in-the-4th-quarter-to-receive-Bosley-hair-treatments/294506713958778 LOL
gdgdfgdfgrrr::http://www.facebook.com/pages/LeBron-exits-games-in-the-4th-quarter-to-receive-Bosley-hair-treatments/294506713958778 LOL
Giggity.iggity::This game had more Luke than you can shake a stick at.
Alex818728::Nixw job cavs, winning without kyrie
TheManOfSteel34::Harangody leading the team in Pts/Rebs, 'atta boy LUKE, go Celtics!
BigDtown09::The Wizards should not be this bad. Look at that starting lineup Cleveland put out there, you lose by 9 at home to that? Ridiculous.
i liked this comment::really, i'm a cavs fans and i don't even know who the starters are......lol
quickbr0wnf0x::Stop complaining and suit up, they are short on players again and need you to start.
hoffdogg202::Cavs actually won more games now than last year!  And remember this is a shortened season!  But yeah they still need like 2 more years of top 5 lottery picks to start making noise in the NBA.
hoffdogg202::I agree with you but unfortunately I hope to eventually have a team that achieves more than just an 8th spot in the playoffs.  A team to me that starts making some noise in the NBA is a team that has a serious shot at making the 2nd round of the playoffs.
Impounded216::not at all a good draft after this year and a good trade and we can easily take the 8th spot next year if we stay healthy.
Jimmy45795::Nice game Cavs. Sad thing is out of rest of these games we may only get 1-2 more wins. One maybe over wizards again and maybe Orlando because they won't have Howard but thats iffy. Good thing is if Cavs lose more then that will give a better chance in the Lottery.
mikeyp2307::wow. the tank is breaking down. why cavs why???
BergTom101::Just tuned in. What the hell is with Harangody tonight?
littlebabylalash::Eat shot refs, despite your BEST efforts to get that second half over - YOU FAILED
nsmithNYC::Now that was a good D-League game!
Adrian_Dingle::Seriously, Luke Hair-N-Scroty has a double-double?  SMH Wizards . . . and I'm a Cavs fan.
_BASEBALL_GoD__::who has ball
Buckem12::Wow, what's wrong the the Nash and the suns?
nsmithNYC::Age.
TimDuncangetting1forthethumb::LMAO at Cavs fans...they were loving the tank...and now they wont even get a top 5 draft pick.
hoofhearted30::but they have Luke Harangody...
nsmithNYC::It is a lottery dufus. Last year the 8th worst team won the lottery.
510jibly::OH WOW WIZARDS
510jibly::they gave away all their good players about 2 seasons ago, thats what they did
_BASEBALL_GoD__::what did they do
pseudoxan::holy hell look at that starting 5 for cleveland, and they're winning....
khop311::Cavs blowing their chance at Beal and finally having a quality wing man
jaykel0621::No Kyrie, no Jamison and still lose at home to the Cavs.......?????   I think the Bobcats might even be able to handle this squad, pretty sad
Sluggerface::No Booker? No Nene?
510jibly::the bobcats can beat the wizards no dought
khop311::The wizards just beat the bobcats by like 27, so probably not
360dubs::great game CAVS! Now get a winning streak going!
ONLYFOOLSBELIEVEINLOCKS::8 points in a row all from free throws remember the old days when basketball was scored with jump  shots
khop311::right in the jugular
Rhino5643::Godyyy!!!!!!
yata9arasu::Good game Wizards!  Nice win Cavs!  I guess you guys don't want higher draft picks....
pokernutty87::CLEVE +4 IS ALL SHE WROTE
_BASEBALL_GoD__::come on cavs close this out already..
littlebabylalash::More free throws, dont these referees have a consience OR do they love money that much?
woodyattjon::Thank God the Bobcats aren't playing tonight....PS, Please don't like this comment
woodyattjon::Damn
