World Champs t y Dirk::Lebron is the best ever to play the game and the Heat are the best team ever.  If you dont beleive it just ask Lebron
binderlb::The Miami Heat are still learning different ways to win. If you're scared just say you're scared! But stop the hating..........they are just good!
tgtg31::As a Laker fan I am fully aware that the ring goes through Miami and if all stays the way it is now the Lakers will be watching the 2nd round from home....Lebron's splitting the pick and just rocking it last night was awesome.  No doubt he's the best athlete in the league!
22Young Money::u aint no gangsta
42Wolverine21::lebron bein the league mvp
thebattousai99::AHHH lunch was good!  Now its time to start insulting my self again! Woot!
Aicyla22::anyway if you come back on here everyones in the mia/philly room and also i sent you a message bc i saw you friended me ttyl
thebattousai99::LOL.. just replying to a comment made by my buddy.. worst.
Aicyla22::maybe if shim was on south beach on saturday you would know the truth
thebattousai99::cant forget possibility of being both.. a he-she.. hermaphrodite. LOL
Aicyla22::and wait a minute are you implying girls on here are here bc their only median to get attention is this site!?
Aicyla22::i suppose but my $$ would be on guy
thebattousai99::well.. could still be a girl due to the fact that this is the only median 'it' can use to get attention.
Aicyla22::my guess is that shims a guy bc no female in their right mind would be on here all day haha there i go insulting myself :(
thebattousai99::haha.. i was going to say that.. but I didnt want to her 'its' feelings. LOL
Aicyla22::or she?
thebattousai99::he is my BFF!
Aicyla22::oh i should have known you guys are such good friends
Aicyla22::huh?
Proud To Be A Heat Fan::Wait, so you old people celebrate Valentines' Day? Come on V-Day was design for young couples in high school and college. Not you old people.  I'll be forever young, young, young, young, young. I'll never grow old, old, old, old.   Peace out old @sses. I got the whole world ahead of me. You better hurry and start, because your time is almost up.
dezdaking23::Check the stats TeamHeat winning.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Well I'm off this, work is slow. Have a wonderful Valentine's Day, or Tuesday, as I like to call it.
Aicyla22::bye you too
42Wolverine21::gooden be droppin a duece at halftime didin realy help his cause tho
Invincible083::Someone at ESPN clearly is way too obsessed with James. Not every dunk is a top-10 play worthy.
Pascal1296::i thought they used the wrong one the one on Gooden was good
Aicyla22::well it worked on you, you're here now talking about it, precisely what they wanted...
tbomber2::i dont think they give a $@%! if you comment on it, and since you have to visit the website before you can read the article, it doesn't make a difference to them.
Aicyla22::i don't think espn gives a shit if you ilke it or not, you visited their website and are now commenting on it.  So although you don't realize it it worked.
Invincible083::actually i'm talking about enough is enough. it's annoying. so it's not working the way it was intended. good try though chief.
42Wolverine21::heat bein the top dogs of the league
sportsplex23::Good morning everyone...feels good to be up and about knowing that the universe is in sync...with the Heat winning and all.
mintzerkj4eva::Alright Worst, Aicyla, JB, etc,  Peace Out
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::peace homey
Aicyla22::bye
mintzerkj4eva::Dang IND is on a 3 game losing streak, and they are rested. They should come out harder
Aicyla22::all teams play harder against the heat, thats a given
mintzerkj4eva::What is the under/over for MIA and IND?
nba is the worst::198-198.5
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::<b>Wade is Lebron's sidekick. Its about time lebron starts telling wade what he needs to do to make the team better. Be the leader!</b>
BIGGDOGG2425::The only way Miami Heat will win it all is that D Wade have to be the side kick and ride shot gun to the best player in the league.
jordsdolphins::NO
shortmac2380::so they will go for 3 quarters.
mintzerkj4eva::Finals at the least
nba is the worst::Finals showed who the sidekick is
mintzerkj4eva::No is the sidekick. But they all have said they will go as Lebron goes.
kush manbear::glad to see the heat exercise their demons..........
mintzerkj4eva::Same guy who executed Roman out of Nikki Minaj
mintzerkj4eva::I was glad I didn't get a seizure from watching.
kush manbear::i feel pretty
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::<sup>*yawn*</sup>
fkmeplz69::I just came to say.. HAHAHAHAHAHAH we win u lose!
mintzerkj4eva::Thanks for sharing man
mintzerkj4eva::Numbers don't lie. But they don't tell the whole story.
Aicyla22::numbers may not lie but they sure can be twisted to tell a different story
thebattousai99::dont tell that to worst.. she thinks it is only about the numbers.. until that fact doesnt benefit her anymore.
561soldier::http://youtu.be/bUa6UOQ1zag Like hi. The Heat is on.
Aicyla22::here you go nba  Caveats  Since this is an entirely automated ranking, you'll notice certain "human" factors missing.  It doesn't know which players are about to come back from injury or which teams have been playing without their best players for the past 10 games.  Along the same lines, it doesn't take into account injuries, trades, controversial calls or any other variables -- just the scores, please.
Aicyla22::they sure as hell can be quantified just who in their right mind would take the time do quantify them?  sorry for the double post my works wifi sucks
Aicyla22::why not?
nba is the worst::Can quantify games lost per player, but impact to the team - no
mintzerkj4eva::Got to know how to take Stats and everything into judgement.
mintzerkj4eva::They don't but I like to use everything
Aicyla22::they sure as hell can be quantified just who in their right mind would take the time do quantify them?
nba is the worst::Injuries and trades could be considered objective to a point, but can't be quantified.  That's why the league uses best record...
mintzerkj4eva::all time is that just an example
Aicyla22::i am simply pointing out the errors in your objective determinants which are rather objectively flawed.  Not to mention objective facts are observable and its quite apparent to everyone the wade &amp; lebron are two of the best players in the league (and of all time).
Aicyla22::the skill sets of each player on each team are an objective determinant.  unlike you i won't sit here and build a flow chart to prove this point.  many of the determinants are subjective and we wouldn't be here right now if the only factors were objective bc there would be nothing to argue about.
mintzerkj4eva::Injuries, trades and those others she named seem objective to me
nba is the worst::I asked you (Alycia) what objective determinants you would add.  Still waiting for you to mention any...
mintzerkj4eva::That everyone should be taken into consideration. Are you directing "your point" at me or Aicyla?
Aicyla22::my point is SOS is not a good determinant of "best team" in the league nor does it supplement best record due to its obvious flaws
nba is the worst::Which is all objective. Your point?
jordsdolphins::Who is the 3rd greatest shooting guard of all time?
mintzerkj4eva::umm Reggie?
jordsdolphins::haha its all debatable there's not really much between Wade and West when wade retires
mintzerkj4eva::ok
jordsdolphins::He will move up to 3rd if he wins 2 more titles IMO
mintzerkj4eva::What's my prize?
jordsdolphins::Yeah
mintzerkj4eva::Wade?
jordsdolphins::Gervin and Clyde Drexler are my 6th and 7th
jordsdolphins::You don't need to look too far for my 4th greatest ever haha
mintzerkj4eva::I assume West played PG. oops
mintzerkj4eva::George Gervin?
jordsdolphins::I Think Jerry West AT THE MOMENT Reggie Miller is 5th on my list you know who's 4th on my list :) haha
nba is the worst::Jerry West?
mintzerkj4eva::Really how is SOS determined?? I really don't pay attention to it.
jordsdolphins::The percentage of all the opponents uve played not when you played them but at this point in time
mintzerkj4eva::got it
mintzerkj4eva::Nevermind.
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::<b>"Lebron, Heat finally beat the Bucks"</b>
mintzerkj4eva::I think we did good, I think we did good. Good $H!+
hapatino::LBJ is unstoppable when he has his game on. There is no one better than him.
mintzerkj4eva::He should stay with taking almost 50% of his shots in the post.
mintzerkj4eva::Wow Worst has beef with everyone lol
thebattousai99::at the end of the day.. you are bias.  Simple as that.
thebattousai99::at the end of the day, the only garbage on this board is you worst.  You come in hear throwing states in peoples face.. say one thing and do another depending on what is a benefit for you.  Your the type of girl that has to 'one up' someone regardless of what you say.. hypocrisy or not.  Why are you even on these boards?  Go sulk in the pathetic mavs boards and keep holding on to that championship.. that one and done team in dallas needs as much brown nosing as possible.
thebattousai99::actually.. you do.. the more you keep replying to my post, son.. the more it shows how  much it is getting to you ;)
thebattousai99::yes I insult my self.... Ouch.. I hurt my own feelings.
nba is the worst::Do I seem "worried"?  I hear the big truck on the street - time to take out thebattousai!
Aicyla22::if you as a man or woman are worried about who i respect on a chat board then thats your loss.  it doesn't matter to me what he calls you and trust me I've been called a lot worse on here. its your guys little name calling squabble as long as he's not calling me names we're cool   and yes my period comment was worse, but i was just joking i didn't mean to open the flood gates no pun intended haha
nba is the worst::Not at all - you insult yourself by what you post.  And feel free to project whatever you wish to try to defend your BS - everyone can see what garbage you are for themselves.
thebattousai99::was it even that big of an insult. me calling you a woman?  I think Aicyla's insult.. saying your on your period.. was worse.. LOL.
thebattousai99::awww his/her/its feelings are hurt.. Aicyla.. i think he is not too happy with you.. 'your loss'.. awwwwwww pooooooor lil baby. LOL
nba is the worst::If you as a woman can respect someone calling a person on a chat board a "girl" as an attempted insult, all I can say is "your loss"
thebattousai99::knowledge? points? He can only point out on what is on espn.com.. that is if he hits the 'refresh' button on his mommas computer.  95% of his post are subjective hate.. envious, jealous, and pathetic.  You cant take anything he or she says as fact, just bias.   The 06 finals have had a lasting life changing impression on her self esteem..and it is very obvious from his subjective post.
Aicyla22::well he hasn't put me down at all its apparent what gender i am.  but for real nba if you weren't so hateful towards the heat you'd have some really valid points, but you sheer disgust for them really diminishes your basketball knowledge and thats objective haha
thebattousai99::awwww.. someone's feelings are hurt.. its okay, son.
nba is the worst::It's just this loser's (failed) attempt at putting someone down based on gender.  Unsurprising considering the source
thebattousai99::Hermaphrodite.. he has both sex organs.. only way it gets laid.
thebattousai99::haha.. ok.. "mom, come read what i posted".. yeah, considering I dont live with momma anymore I dont think she would care at any insult I threw your way... And chicken? yeah pawk pawk pawk.. good comeback.  That was sad.  And yes.. garbage is as garbage does and you are a prime example of that ma'am.
Aicyla22::im confused is nba a guy or girl?
nba is the worst::Garbage is as garbage does, son.  Your post speaks for itself.  Go tell your mom what you posted, chicken
thebattousai99::exactly.. your low standards set the bar for attempted argument wins.. which usually end in FAILS.. unless it reverts back to the "past" which you deemed irrelevant earlier.. but still manage to hang on to the irrelevant past of LeBron and the Finals.    Hypocrisy.... at full speed!
thebattousai99::now that you mention it.. she is!   Your mom must be suicidal.
nba is the worst::"leaking from between your legs"?  WOW can't begin to express my contempt for garbage that could post crap like that.  Your mom must be SO proud!
Aicyla22::i brought it up and i do have to say i believe it was well deserved
thebattousai99::is that all you got? really? wow
thebattousai99::considering I didnt bring that fact up.. just agreed that you were leaking from between your legs.... So, how low can you go?
nba is the worst::Ha ha - have I EVER brought up female biological functions on the board?  Can't really get lower than that, son
nba is the worst::Except you and brandon apparently, mintz...  What's sad is how low some people will go with failed attempts to win their argument
mintzerkj4eva::lol yeah but Dude you do nit pick with Miami more than any other team. Can't be shocked.
Aicyla22::ahahahaha omg i for real lol'd, no lie.  Are your talking about yourself nba?
thebattousai99::he just likes to talk nonsense... he is a mavs fan that lives on the Heat boards.. He is still in pain from 06.    he is the biggest hypocrite on here by far.
NBASantas::LeBron is still the best player in the league. He'll win MVP this year: http://nbasantas.blogspot.com/2012/02/still-best-santa.html
mintzerkj4eva::Go Kings and Jazz tonight
nba is the worst::LOL
mintzerkj4eva::lol yep
Clenbutador::When Lebron takes over the heat wins every game by 20.
thebattousai99::from top to bottom, Heat have a better team.. that can be objective or subjective depending on what angle you use.  Now, as a fan, sure, it is subjective because I do think the Heat are the best team in the NBA.  But in reality, the records indicate objectivity, but the records arent the only determining factors on who is 'viewed' as the best team.  Subjective or not.  I just try to take a hypocritical approach to see how it feels to be such a cry baby as yourself.  Sorry, back to objectivity for me.
thebattousai99::as mentioned before, best record does not always make the best team.. you as a dallas fan should know that.. especially since they had the best record in 07 and got bounced in the first round and last year they had the 4th best record and won the championship.. so through that objective reasoning, I would say it is to early to determine best team just based on record alone, especially since teams like the bulls have played the majority of their games against sub par teams.  Lets revisit this 'best record' subject when the playoff start and the Heat have home court throughout the playoffs and the Finals.
Aicyla22::hmmm I'm fairly certain you brought up the word subjective nba
nba is the worst::You brought up the word "subjective", and then IN THE SAME POST claimed the heat are the best team, without any supporting objective reasoning.  HYPOCRITICAL BY DEFINITION.
thebattousai99::ohhh they won by 18 cuz LeBron sat on the bench with Wade and Bosh most of the 4th.. I mean serious.. your point being what? Heat were up by almost 30 when LeBron sat down.
Robert156877::It's not obvious except for Hate apologists.  This same Milwaukee team beat the Hate 2 out of 3 games without their best player.
thebattousai99::it only hurts him when he sits down.
hapatino::Does it hurt you that much when the HEAT win? Serious question. If so, you're in for alot if hurting.
nba is the worst::"subjective again I see.    The obvious is, the Heat are the best team in the NBA right now, regardless of record."  Speaks for itself, son
thebattousai99::yes i do.. i can point out plenty of hypocrisy in your post..  Point out some of mine and then talk.  HYPOCRITE.
nba is the worst::And you call me a hypocrite...  Nice try, son
thebattousai99::wow.. that was stupid.  talk about nit picking.. LOL.. subjective again I see.  The obvious is, the Heat are the best team in the NBA right now, regardless of record.
nba is the worst::Sorry thebattousai is consistently unable to comprehend the obvious...  OK - I'll explain (be sure to read S L O W L Y):  Clenbutador stated that "When Lebron takes over the heat wins every game by 20".  Since the heatles won by only 18, if his statement was correct, it would mean lebron didn't take over.  Simple!
nba is the worst::Didn't he take over last night? Why didn't they win by 20?
thebattousai99::pathetic post sister.. real sad if that is all you got.
Aicyla22::oohhh come on nba really?
nba is the worst::Hey heatles fans - how does the league decide which coaches go to the allstar game - best win pct, most wins, worst road loss, or best record vs .500 teams?  I'll wait...
thebattousai99::You cant talk good basketball with someone as bias, jealous, and envious as worst.. it is impossible.  He lives of subjection in his own reality.  He becomes objective only when it benefits his points or arguments.
RageKage14::What standings? Overall league standings?
Aicyla22::how is sos calculated nba?
nba is the worst::All subjective arguments, son.  NEXT!
thebattousai99::OKC is good..but not better.. they have only 3 players that can score and their role players arent as good as the Heat.  Lets not bring in posterized perkins.. he is not all that good.  You have durant, westbrook, and harden.  When those guys arent scoring, OKC looks bad.  When they are scoring, that is 90% of their scoring.
nba is the worst::OK Alycia - what objective determinants do you want to add? SOS? (OKC is better).  Anything else?
thebattousai99::if its not to his benefit.. he wont understand.  That is how hypocrites work.
Aicyla22::no its not at all purely speculative and subjective.  The standings RIGHT NOW are not the only determinant of the "best team" what don't you understand about that?
thebattousai99::Im not kidding ;P
nba is the worst::Heatles are in 3rd place in the standings RIGHT NOW.  That is in no way indicative of "best team".  Any other claim is purely speculative and subjective.
Aicyla22::haha sorry nba I'm jk
thebattousai99::Yeah.. I would say its 'that time of the month' for her. LOL
nba is the worst::WOW
Aicyla22::some days though he's not as bad as others its weird maybe he has his period right now
thebattousai99::nah.. your point is dumb.. are you waiting on how many 'wrong' answers people will give you? Its not like you ask these questions to get a real answer.  Keep hanging your hat on useless garbage.. keep giving us your amazing predictions..   Who do you have tonight? Heat or pacers?
hapatino::3 straight games. fixed it for you.
nba is the worst::Pacers. I just "don't see" the heatles playing this well 2 games straight
thebattousai99::I know.. i just want him to say it so I can enjoy him being wrong.. again.. and again.. and again.
Aicyla22::pacers of course! what a silly question battousai
thebattousai99::best conference record by a certain date.. but what does that have to do with anything?  Is there a point?
mintzerkj4eva::No You aimed at all Heatles fans as you like to say.
Aicyla22::im not seeing this obvious point...
nba is the worst::The point Is obvious, thebattousai.  Think about it.  THINK HARD.
mintzerkj4eva::Yeah he usually comes out of no where with things
RageKage14::Something as important as the coach of the All-Star game? Oh my word!
mintzerkj4eva::Does everyone has a Valentine?
jordsdolphins::Random question not about the heat is Paul Pierce a Hall of Famer?
drdlh1::Eh, I guess. Not sure what the standards are nowadays.
jordsdolphins::Fair enough theres like 140 players in the HOF thats way too much
thebattousai99::yes
Cadillac-Too-Cold::Yes, but only because the Basketball HOF is easier to get into than Gloria James.
oberyn3::Tell that to Artis Gilmore.
mintzerkj4eva::yes
mintzerkj4eva::Lebron in the post..... why did this have to take so long.
Who_Through_Pooh::I wonder how many Heat fans will switch teams next year depending on where DH might go?
22Young Money::Who cares about DH? Let him go anywhere i dont give a dudu
thebattousai99::FAIL
jordsdolphins::hmm even though they have 2 players better than DH
Jason Terry765::Heat has closed game vs Charlotte(Wade did that)Minnesota(Wade did that) and ATL n OT when Wade or LeBron didnt play,LeBron is 2nd n the NBA n scoring cant someone tell me were he is in 4th scoring.(ITS NOT 2ND)
jiznake8::Didn't Kobe once score 70 something though 3 and then had the 4th off, so I guess by that logic, he had a bad game?
jiznake8::points in the second quarter don't count?
jordsdolphins::and as thebattousai says usually wade and lebron get the 4th quarter off
thebattousai99::Most of the time, the Heat have not needed LeBron in the 4th.
jordsdolphins::in the top 10
22Young Money::Who's better than the heat?
drdlh1::No one. The Heat are capable of beating any team in the league WHEN they come to play!
thebattousai99::keep dreaming.
nba is the worst::Bulls and OKC, at the moment
thebattousai99::"Because it isn't. Heat haven't done anything worth hating.    I certainly don't hate any sports team, that would be foolish."  Well, we ALL know you are very foolish.. yes.. and you have reason to Hate the Heat.. reasons you have pointed out yourself.  I know its hard to admit, especially being a hypocrite such as yourself.. but youve made it clear that you hate the Heat since 06.. and yeah, LeBron going to Miami has added more fuel to your hate.  But its all good, we need hypocrites like you.. makes the boards fun.
thebattousai99::and yes.. if all you can point out is being right about something I was wrong about after the 6th game of this season.. sure, if that is the blanket that keeps you warm at night.. go for it.  But, i enjoy you being more wrong (by far) than right.  So, hey, I can live with you pointing that out all you want... cuz it is all you have.
nba is the worst::Because it isn't.  Heat haven't done anything worth hating.  I certainly don't hate any sports team, that would be foolish.
thebattousai99::It is lame to HIM or HER (not sure) only because it is true and he/she knows it.. so if it were a true statement about another hater on the board, it would not be lame for he/she.  Its lame because its subjective to it/him/her.
Aicyla22::how is it lame if its true?
Aicyla22::lol! not conclusive oh sorry i forgot that doesn't help your argument my bad you're right it must be not conclusive then....
nba is the worst::At home with 3 games left. Not conclusive.  And the hatred card is simply lame.  @ thebattousai - when you claim I'm consistently wrong, it's certainly reasonable for me to post an example of when I was right, correct?  Too funny!
Aicyla22::oh and i forgot the main ingredient in your statistically subjective concoction and its hatred
Aicyla22::heres whats subjective about it, the heat beat the bulls!
nba is the worst::Hey jordsdolphins - guess what?  Bulls and OKC play tonight as well.  So "IF"(lol) they win, Heatles will STILL be in 3rd place.  There's a reason why the league uses scoreboard to determine positioning, heatles fans - <b>like which coaching staff goes to the allstar game...</b>
mintzerkj4eva::But Worst is  a huge Heat fan too ;-)
thebattousai99::ohhh here comes the "past is irrelevant".. wow.. talk about hypocrisy at its grandest scale.    Is that all you got?  An old comment made that I was wrong about?  HAHA.. pathetic attempt to what exactly?  Living in the past is all you can do. ... and your hypocrisy about "past is irrelevant" is subjective.. as most of your arguments on these boards..   Shouldnt you be on the mavs boards?
nba is the worst::;)
mintzerkj4eva::WATCH AND LEARN SON
nba is the worst::Tell us again about how there were no home B2Bs before this season, thebattousai!  LMAO!
thebattousai99::worst.. you got the cheapest little mouth around here.. so thanks for pointing that out.
jordsdolphins::win percentage is nonsense weve won more games than the thunder so if we win tonight our % goes level with theres
thebattousai99::are we really talking about win percentage 30 games into a 66 game season?  WOW
nba is the worst::Talk is cheap Alycia - what's subjective about win pct and SOS (since you brought up the Wizards)?
thebattousai99::You Fail as usual.. your consistency in being wrong is the only thing you got going for you.
thebattousai99::werent the bucks and bulls better than the Heat too? where are your stats for them? Ooohhhh opppss.. their stats dont help your argument.  My bad.. I see how your game works.
Aicyla22::his arguments are statistically based sprinkled with subjectivity
jordsdolphins::hmm weve won more games and if we win today the percentages are virtually identical and there nothing they can do about it haha
nba is the worst::OKC 21-6, .778  Strength of schedule .501  heatles 22-7, .759 Strength of schedule .491  Fail!
thebattousai99::"Bucks &gt; heatles - and the head to head proves it"  Come on girl.. lets be real here.. are you being serious? So the bucks are better than the Heat? Just because the Heat lost the season series to them? Considering those 2 losses were earlier in the season, I highly doubt the bucks could come close to replicating any of those 2 losses.    Your arguments are weak and bias.  LOL  sad sad sad.
mintzerkj4eva::WAS is better than OKC too
thebattousai99::your hate towards the Heat is subjective.  Just like your conspiracy theories.
Aicyla22::its not the only objective determinant.  So lets just say OKC won all their games against the wizards they would still have a better record than the heat but they wouldn't necessarily be the better team
nba is the worst::Bucks &gt; heatles - and the head to head proves it
thebattousai99::yeah.. when less than half the season is done... early regular season "champ" doesnt matter.. so yeah, your point is stupid.. the Heat, regardless of record, are the best team in the NBA right now.
nba is the worst::It's the only objective determinant, alycia - everything else is subjective.
Aicyla22::nba if the question was who has better records than the heat you'd be correct, but that wasn't the question
nba is the worst::On any given day, the team with the highest win percentage has the best record, right kids?  Smh...
thebattousai99::oh.. so regular season winning percentage decides who is the best team in the NBA?  I thought regular season was overrated and only the playoffs mattered?
jordsdolphins::hmmwe haven't played the same amount of games so your point ur trying to make is HOPELESS ohh Who has the better record against teams with a plus .500 record
nba is the worst::OKC 21-6, .778 Bulls 23-7, .767 heatles 22-7, .759  Reality, jords - you should TRY it sometime!
22Young Money::We beat the bulls...And OKC is missin one thing...Lebron James!
jordsdolphins::maybe in your world no one elses
22Young Money::Nobody.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::Linsanity
22Young Money::u must be a knick fan to be playin me like that cuz
TomHawkz::Brent Barry always seems so depressed when the Heat win.  Hey BB, LeBron's not the one who scrwed your wife!
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::Heat wont win a ring this year but they can always say they beat the Bucks once out of three, thats just as good
Jubin3567::Jennings wants to leave them already. Sucks for Milwaukee...they have a great fan base
jiznake8::If I had to bet between the field and the heat to win the championship this year, right now I would bet on the heat.
TomHawkz::stop liking your own comments
Aicyla22::i liked his comment
22Young Money::i didnt even know that was possible till now...thanks cuz
22Young Money::The bucks are gonna be the nex team after sacramento to be dissolved so who gives a crap
Dr.Killapatient...::Well, I haven't seen the future schedule, but if they play them again... they can split...
Dr.Killapatient...::Oh, my bad.... Well, till next year because I doubt the heat  will see the Bucks in the Playoffs..
Jubin3567::it's only a 3 game series b/c of compressed scheduling
Jubin3567::Bulls can't beat Philly or Indiana
jordsdolphins::Fun FACT: Did you know there is only one player in history to have an NBA Title 20000 points 5000 assists 5000 rebounds 1000 steals and 1000 blocks! Kareem Abdul Jabar in about 9 years time there will be 2 more! Lebron and D Wade :)
nba is the worst::Wow - nice fantasy about what is unlikely to occur "in about 9 years time"...
thebattousai99::fantasy turns to reality this year.  Hate all you want.  Fact is, the will be in the Finals, and that will be a sight to see.
jordsdolphins::The most unlikely of those to happen is Lebron getting 1000 blocks but he probably makes it
drummerbird20::Sweet dunk, but how many steps did Lebron take? lol
TomHawkz::One...or was it such a blur for you?
nba is the worst::Irrelevant.  Dunking rules!
dan torell::D Rose is listed as "injured" and the Bulls lose one... do you Heat fans think that they will be the number one in the league?
thebattousai99::bulls are 17-1 against below .500 and 6-6 vs above .500 teams.. best record because of that weak strength of schedule.  bulls play a weak schedule leading up to the all star break as well.
Jubin3567::Bulls thrive on playing garbage teams and falter to quality teams
22Young Money::yeah boy now we dont have to hear the "fear the deer" chant no more...the bucks be garbage bro!
thebattousai99::yeah.. they showed they could score against the Heat 3rd stringers like Howard and Jones.  Good job bucks.  Game was over in the 3rd.
GrizzK4::I've never heard of a team/fanbase SO PROUD to beat a 12-16 team.
thebattousai99::i guess coming from a bulls fan, winning when it matters is something they arent used to since Jordan left.
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::Bucks take the series 2-1 and still put up 96. way to go
thebattousai99::and that means what exactly?  Buck would not stand a chance in a 7 game series against the Heat.  They maybe.. MAYBE win one game against the Heat.
thebattousai99::this just proves how much you do live in the past madam.. and your hypocrisy is pathetic.
thebattousai99::Ok.. i was wrong.  Your point being?  I mean, I can also point out that you said (and i forget who) someone had a better shooting percentage than Lebron through 6 games.. and I pointed out your error which was human.. People make mistakes.. or in your case, people forget to hit the refresh button on his computer.  You have made many of mistakes in your post.. especially all your post claiming the Heat are due for a loss.. like you did last night.. like you also said yesterday about the pacer beating the Heat tonight.. 2 game losing streak i recall?  I think not.
Aicyla22::i was simply replying to you comment regarding you being right about the finals last year.  I am giving you a hard time nba it is my duty as a heat fan to call you out.
nba is the worst::Hey battousai - which of us was wrong about B2B's in the past, compared to this year?  (Remember)?
Aicyla22::the thing is the past is relevant whether or not he believes it, maybe not everything from the past applies but certain things do.  and yes the heat are much better than last year bc i get less stressed when spo makes subs
nba is the worst::Then what were you impugning with the "past is irrelevant" comment right after battousai said I'm consistently wrong?
thebattousai99::"the past is irrelevant" to the worst.. unless it benefits his argument to hate on the Heat.  This year is not last year.  Can only hold on to last year for so long.  Heat are better than last year.  Only a few teams can say that.
Aicyla22::what? i didn't say all that
nba is the worst::"Don't respond to incorrect comments from heatles fans (such as "one thing about the worst.. is he is consistently wrong..")  -Alycia
Aicyla22::"the past is irrelevant" - nba is the worst
nba is the worst::I was right about the Finals - when it mattered!
thebattousai99::one thing about the worst.. is he is consistently wrong..
thebattousai99::and that would matter? really? only delusional idiots such as yourself would think the bucks could beat the Heat when it matters most.  Get the F outta here!
Aicyla22::why so you can be wrong again?
nba is the worst::Hope they meet in the playoffs - WITH Bogut
Dr.Killapatient...::Young Money is destroying Hip Hop....
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::I agree^
GrizzK4::The Bucks still be 2-1 against the Heat bro!
22Young Money::12-16 tho so who cares?
dan torell::I don't think it will matter because they are below the playoff spot.
draino25::well because of that im sure the heat will offer the bucks some playoff tickets to come watch them play
DL_0521::t(-_-)t    to the miami heat
TomHawkz::I'll have the Roast Buck and mango salsa. - L. James
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Top East teams  1.Miami Heat 2.Boston Celtics 3.Sixers 4.Bulls
thebattousai99::bulls are still better than boston and the sixer.. sorry.  Boston is better than philly though.
22Young Money::Bulls should be second...then the sixers cause the celtics r too old to compete wit these young teams
JB_Smoove_Be_The_Real_McCoy::Ignorance^
DL_0521::Oh...
dan torell::Saw the highlights of the game and it's pretty much a beat up.
GrizzK4::Dang, the Deer finally came back to earth against the Heat.... We seriously need to just skip the rest of the regular season, let all the teams get healthy, and then play the Bulls-Heat ECFs. The other rounds are irrelevant, the Pacers still have no real go-to guy, the Hawks....hahahahaha the Hawks! The Sixers will be tough, but still need another year to grow. The Celtics, Magic, Bucks/Knicks....not even worth mentioning.  The Bulls have the best record, but the Heat are still a better team right now. Not by much, but you can't argue against Lebron/Wade/Bosh. I think it'll be an incredibly tough series, here's to hoping the Bulls get a couple good breaks and pull through this year!
Proud To Be A Heat Fan::The Bucks were a joke. And I'm glad my Heat put that trashy city back in their place.
nba is the worst::Joke 2 wins, Heatles 1
Throw-it-down-big-man-Throw-it-down::Linsanity has his own song now. Does lebron even have a song on mike and mike? you can't be great without a song so case closed , Lebron will never be that great
draino25::lebron is sleeping in his mansion while lin is sleeping on his brother couch, lin can keep the song
nba is the worst::OK...
thebattousai99::ok.. so Lin is better than the LeBron? that is just plain stupid.
RageKage14::I can't argue with this logic. I concede. LeBron sucks.
