Brandon::As a Celtics fan dating back to its inception in 1947/47, I have to agree we have the worse team in years!  There is no leadership like we had with Paul Pierce!  I don't think Rondo's going to make a difference!  He hurts us as much as he helps which is an offset!  I think John has a good point!  We need stability not interchanging pieces.  Maybe Doc could do better but I feel he foreseen what was inevitable...a poor team that may or may not jell!  With the great players, and years we had, it's hard to get excited for our current team!
Saturn::Pistons seem like they are a lot better this year but they should be 3-0 and should have won all those games convincingly but they keep letting teams creep back in.
Cyril::Josh Smith has attempted 22 three-pointers and only 6 free-throws this season.  He has more three-point attempts than rebounds (20), and more turnovers (15) than assists (13).    If he continued at his current three-point shooting rate, he would finish the season 164-for-599.  Somewhere all the former Hawks coaches are sitting and laughing.
johan kenC::This is not a good season for Boston, even if Rondo will come back on January next year.
BigBear::TANK JOB -- Nobody can be so stupid not to put Chris Humphries in the lineup unless they just want to tank the season And why did Vitor get short minutes after his great start ? Sully sits while Bass gets 6 points in 36 1/2 minutes. This team is rotten to the core, DANNY .,
JohnL::I agree with Jack's comment: "OK Stevens, it's time to quit experimenting to find a good COLLEGE TEAM and start the following...Sullinger and Olynyk at Forward, Faverani at Center, and Green and Bradley at Guard with Wallace , Humphries and Bass the first (in that order) subs. THEN LET THEM PLAY, that is until anyone stops passing, that stops the BALL MOVEMENT, then jerk him out of there!!!! That lineup can play with any team in the league if you give them a chance. If you don't do something you will not be an NBA coach very long."
Observer::I also would like to see Harrellson get a chance, but his chances look slim. He takes up a lot of space and he can rebound. Also, he's a 3 point option in a unique situation.
Muck::I'd like to see the Pistons use Harrelson for about 5-10 minutes a game just to not over use Drummond and Monroe. Gonna need those two all season and hopefully for years to come.
Bing::Kelly O Impressive game for a Rookie.
drdrazen::Like I said so many times before...AINGE IS TOTAL JERK...Even if you do rebuilding process, you can do it way better...smarter...And you gotta respect the legends...BOSTON CELTICS ALWAYS HAVE TO BE A RING CONTENDER TEAM...ALWAYS...
