Mickey Hughes::Not bad with 75% Lebron and no Wade to finish once again...
Jody George Prats::Happy Birthday King James.
Jesse Davis::Do you think LBJ will play????????
Charles Nicklis::35-6 vs the West since last year. I guess the West is really tough afterall.
Brandon Tigues::lol..it's funny how people pretend like the west is some unstoppable Juggernaut
Treyvon Carter::in my opinion the heat might be better if they was in the west
Jacob Sharar::James Belandres actually, every single person and their mother has made it a point to tell pacer fans about their weak schedule, even though miami's is worse. why you bringing up the pacers anyways? on your mind huh... understandable, they are the better team this year.
Jeffrey Stringer::Living in INDIANAPOLIS but a MIAMI HEAT fan 100% for the past 15 years. The Pacer fans here HATE the HEAT! I love the HEAT's style of play and the team chemistry. They're gearing up for the playoffs going for that 3rd chip. Going through the motions (arguing, yelling, diff rotations, etc.,) while trying new styles of play with Beasley and Oden. The Indiana Pacers are winning but when NBA playoff time arrive, they will be all played out. They cannot turn it up!!! Hibbert is the only problem with the HEAT. Dude is huge but foul trouble is waiting on you Hibbert! Get better Olden. Man up Beasley! I want the HEAT to destroy the Pacers!
Daniel Yost::Good to be the king, the refs are always sucking your dick.
Andrew Johnson::they are losing by 9 shut up
Daniel Yost::lol.  let me guess heat fan since 2010?  Go to bed kid.
Andrew Johnson::Daniel Yost How are you blaming the refs when Miami is LOSING? You must be a heat hater since 2010, begone clown
Jevin Terry::No foul on Lachoke there huh?  Oh of course not!  What a joke!
Treyvon Carter::just like that ty lawson travel before the timeout, you is just a lebron hater
Joshua Holt::hater...
Brandon Tigues::is that crying I hear? awesome
Chris Headley::LeBron is an insanely good passer.
Chelo Mejias::Lebron fakes injuries
David Sistrunk::Yeah... riiight!!
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Some people needd to stop posting dumb s*** like this dude Chelo...if he faked injuries, do you have concrete proof or surveillance footage? If not, stick to watching Polish curling
Jody George Prats::5 threes for the King? Someone's HEATing up.
Dishant Patel::Good night, Haters.
Jacob Sharar::only thing worse than a hater is someone who thinks they're above them.
Dishant Patel::Jacob Sharar ok?
Daniel Yost::My name is Lebron, I cry and throw tantrums when I don't get my way.
Mickey Hughes::*Kobe
Noah Peart::*every player
David Sistrunk::"My name is Daniel Yost im a pathetic bitter ignorant hater who's favorite player is inferior to Legod James"
Adam Youman::Careful with the jump shots Lebron. Wouldn't wanna hurt that precious field goal %
Robert Velovic::Shanora J. Gordon .......your" ..i guess they didn't teach you proper grammar at Yazoo City
Lance Bowen::Robert, the "i" should be capitalized. You're welcome.
Todd Moyer::And that's a wrap the CHAMPS win again!!!!!
David Wayne::i pay a lot of money for court side seats, AA seats and i would like for Mr King James to play at least give it a go.  Happy Birthday Big Guy but a lot of us dont have a 100mil in the bank to fall back on and save for months to purchase tickets
Mickey Hughes::Then the fact hat he plays more minutes, almost never misses a gm along with playing all out every night... Means you get more than your money's worth.
Jacob Sharar::Mickey Hughes impossible. with the money lebron makes along with other superstars, they could play 48 minutes and fans wouldn't get "their moneys worth". it's all a rip off.
Mickey Hughes::Jacob Sharar Easy fix, Stop going/watching/talking about basketball all together
Jorge Bouza::Great shot Beasley! Everybody shooting free throws at practice, we missed 10 tonight.
Marc Huggard::Let's hear cheers for Michael Beasley.  Game winner clutch shot.  I am so glad he joined my TEAM!!!
Karla Elden::That was a great pick up from the heat.
Jeff Brown::Ya kind of forget that LeBron's been playing for ten years and that he spent seven years with Cleveland before a free agent. For all you haters, keep in mind that Jordan didn't win his first championship until his eight year. Also Lebron is on pace to match Jordan in total points after 11 years. James has a good five, six good years left, so YES five or six is very possible. And I'm not a Heat fan, just a fan of the game.
Robert Velovic::Jordan won title in 7th season not 8th.. and u cant do a total pts comparison.. 1. Jordan entered league 21, lebron 18.. thats a 3 season head start, plus MJ got hurt 2nd year, broken bone, played only 18 games.. and MJ retired at 30, missing nearly 2 prime years..so a points total comparison is quite silly
Cory Nope::Youre WAAAAY too old to be calling people "haters". Grow up, clown.
Cory Nope::Robert Velovic Jordans a phony. Youtube "Michael Jordan is a phony". Many no calls on defense- plenty of untouched "and-1's".
Ryan Spradlin::Yikes! 28 FTs to 11 FTs. That's some pretty nice superstar treatment. Way to go refs.
A Michael Powers::26-14 favor to Portland last game.
Ryan Spradlin::I'm watching it now. I missed it live. I did just see Lebron fall down untouched and go to the line. So, that's pretty awesome.
Ryan Spradlin::Good god. Lebron can whine with the best of them. You'd think he was giving the refs a report card after the game.
Tom Totosz::That lead was gone quick. Will denver score in the third quarter?
Gregory DeBorde::I can't stand the heat...Go Pacers...
Gregory DeBorde::Pacers will take the East!!!!! Bet that ...Blue collar Gold Swagger!!!
Richard Roca::Blue collar Gold Swagger...........Hahahahahaha!!!
Ben Rinaldi::James Belandres I don't think it's about the money, but more about an organization who basically wrote some checks to be competitive.  When you compare Miami to a team like Indiana, there's a few reasons why people would rather see them succeed.  The current Indiana Pacers represent a small market team that doesn't go into the luxury tax, built their team primarily through the draft (George, Stephenson, Hibbert, Granger), made some small trades (Scola, traded a lottery pick for George Hill), and had a couple free agent signings (David West being the only major one).  They didn't just go sign a couple of All-Star players, including arguably the best player currently in the NBA to make championship runs.
Ryan Best::Why is haslem still on this team? He's so bad.
Marc Huggard::Mainly because every player and every coach on this TEAM loves him.  No one practices or tries harder than Haslem.  No one is a better team mate and locker room favorite.
Ryan Best::Marc Huggard Trying hard doesn't mean anything when you suck as bad as he does. Can't make his little jumper anymore and he has the worst hands in the NBA.
Jeffrey Stringer::It's called loyalty with Riley. Keep the team together for a 3 peat!
Willie Francis::Just tell me who is going to beat us? #NoBody
Liam Sibson::7 losses say otherwise.  #Hastagsarequeer #Onlythefirstletteriscapitalizedanyways
Jeremy Kaetz::Liam Sibson They have won the last two championships and their 30 game record of 23-7 was the best start in franchise history. Just saying.
Willie Francis::I'll do #MyHastagHowTheFuckIWantToPussy #GoHeat
Alan Ogg::just curious.. what is the point of this song?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liZm1im2erU  Can we even call this music?
Abdillahi Mahad::it is known that when you realize you short of power on one area, you work hard to make it up. That is why heat wins w/o Lebron; they atleast need someone to score 30 points, couple more w/ good number of assists, and a good, ball controller.
Jacob Sharar::Pacers fan here, I haven't been very impressed with the heat at all this year... yet they still win games. unfortunately that's why they worry me.
John Martin::Jacob:  Nobody cares whether or not you are impressed about anything, Really, Go jump off the high board and stop posting.
Jacob Sharar::John Martin and who are you anyways to insult my career? how old are you dude? you don't even have a real profile. What have you done with your life that makes you so much better than me to the point you can insult my job and not expect to get smacked for it?
Durrell Brown::Jacob: The Heat are just going through the motions in the regular season. If you notice, DWADE, only plays in about 50% of the games (due to lingering knee probllems).  Lebron's minutes per game are also slighltly lower compared to past years. Point being, they are doing just enough to win regular season games without over extending themselves. Look for them to "turn it on" come playoff time.
