Gene7470::"Once we finally got our energy up in the third quarter, we did that, and I thought we did a great job of finding the mismatches." Alvin Gentry....the biggest mismatch of the night was Alvin Gentry vs Byron Scott....Cavs lose again!!!
ummhello3::other than kyrie, the other three top picks in the last 2 years for cleveland are not looking very promising yet
team kyle1::So Norris Cole of the heat picked last in the first round is a top pick?
ummhello3::when i say top pick i am referring to first round picks and none of them have impressed. I am not saying there was an obvious other choice to draft instead of those players im just saying they are not very impressive at all so far
Ganondad::Thompson has been one of the best players from that draft class. Obviously not as good as Faried, but other than that I don't think you could name a better big man from that year. Waiters is talented but a bit of a hot dog and he doesn't have the effort yet defensively. Hopefully he'll get there. He's shown he can get to the rim, dish when he needs to, and he has range. I'm not worried about his offensive game developing as he gets a feel for pro basketball.  Who is the other player you're referring to? Zeller? He wasn't a "top pick," he was picked at 15 or so, and has barely gotten enough playing time to make any sort of judgement about.
David722249::Byron, it could be worse. You could be coaching the Lakers.
Man in L.A who loves his Fiancee 5::Verajo is taking his talents to South Beach
ToledoMan::Verajao is a one man gang.  Too bad he has no help.
RogerHarries::LMAO. Cleveland.
DrawohWasHere::This game was won at the 3 pt line.    Plain and simple.
IamMrBob::I feel bad for Varejao he hustles so hard for a team that's going no where
Ganondad::I only feel bad because I'm sure they're going to trade him. Hopefully he'll wind up somewhere good and win himself a ring or something.
DrawohWasHere::He is what we Cavs fans always saw he is.    Wild Thing for Mayor!
Br3tt11::He is getting paid and doing his job. No empathy
partygeorge::Varejao is putting up superstar numbers.
BronCoswaGgg777::Its cleveland  what do you expect??? Shittycity classless fans
ricky2213::yea cleveland fans are classless yet you come here and say how bad the city is...Hello pot, im the kettle
YenxRenx::Yep.... delusional, too
rollintides74::been using this betting system called sportsbettingstar. im making around 3k a month profit the past few months now just following this system. If you search sports betting system on google, you will find more about this system ..
zachzach2020::I think that NBA teams should have to wait until after the New Year to start tanking.
DrawohWasHere::You talking about the Suns?   They are bad, but trying.
zachzach2020::Great. More ping-pong balls!  ~ Dan Gilbert
Gene7470::Kyrie "NO D" Irving...worst pick and roll defender in the NBA. When he learns to play D, or a least tries to we may actually start winning a few games.
ummhello3::if you look at the entire pro career of kyrie irving youll see about 40 games played
YenxRenx::cavs have the same record without Irving as with irving. he isn;t missed at all.
DrawohWasHere::Funny.    when the cavs won one game w/o him you said they were better off w/o him.     The reality if you look at the entire pro career of Irving you'll see something entirely different.    However, I wouldn't expect a troll like you to understand anything less than a game or two minus a google search to figure out what everyone else knows about the ROY, soon to be MVP.
DrawohWasHere::It's called, "Kyrie Irving".   when the best player on the planet, Uncle Drew,  isn't playing, it hurts a team.    When he gets back, the ship will have been set right and we'll be on our way to winning the 2013 championship once again.
Akoiah::LOL
YenxRenx::unfortunately those ping pong balls never do Cleveland any good....all they get is more losers.
mikeyp2307::-every cavs fan
HunterF4444::"The Cavs really battle out there."  -Pat Shurmur
chad43210::They're making some real "progress."
YenxRenx::it doesn't matter who it is. Heck, even Bill Belicheat couldn't win in Cleveland. Whenever one loser leaves another shows up to take his place. Francona....hahahahahaha
Gene7470::Belicheat did win in Cleveland with Vinnie Testeverde at QB...no small feat!!!
DrawohWasHere::classless piece of trash YenxRenx is.
yata-9arasu::I can't wait until he is gone.....
mikeyp2307::hey yenx, you never told me why cleveland was awful when you visited.
nsmithNYC::Quite the liar you are. Just because you type Cleveland into Google does not mean you visited the place. Having grown up in Cleveland and now residing in NYC for the last 5 years I can say without a doubt that Cleveland is much better than Queens, The Bronx, Staten Island, most of Brooklyn, all of northern Manhattan, and every single inch of New Jersey. First hand experience cannot be gathered by a web search. Keep typing "hahahahaha" and people will continue to realize your stupidity along with your childlike nature. By the way, CC did not leave he was shipped out and come back in five years when Kyrie is eligible for free agency before you put him in the same boat as Lebron.
YenxRenx::been quite a few times... drew the same conclusions every time.  whenver  I've been to Cleveland, my primary thought was, "God, I can't wait to leave". Same as CC, same as LeBron, same as Kyrie Irving...hahahahaha
DrawohWasHere::yenx has never been to Cleveland.
YenxRenx::uh.....those are FBI statistics....again, you lose; just like the Cavs, Indians and Browns
DrawohWasHere::and btw, they have more championships then your teams.
DrawohWasHere::No they aren't.   You've confusing that to your delusions.
YenxRenx::Cleveland Ranks in the top 10 in Violent Crime, Murder, Robbery rates and #1 in rape. hahahahaha  Cleveland is #3 in Arson. I can understand why they would try to burn the whole place down...lol
DrawohWasHere::No it isn't.    You're confusing your trailer court for public court.
YenxRenx::where do you think they came up with the moniker "Mistake by the Lake" for cleveland?  anywhere you go, if you ask people about the worst cities, two come up with amazing consistency..Cleveland and Detroit.
DrawohWasHere::I go to places other than a dump where you live.    so it doesn't surprise me the people you ask would say so.    The reason it's called that is due to jealousy.
YenxRenx::and your population is over 50%...yep..you know what hahahahahah
DrawohWasHere::I think you're working overtime on the trolling.
YenxRenx::you opera company doesnt even rank in the top 50...hahahahahahah!!!
YenxRenx::cleveland symphony is ranked 45th in the nation, behind such places as baltimore, detroit, peoria, and way way way behind NYC. Same with the Art museum...hahahaha this is typical of cleveland...always bringing up the rear...  sry dude, your cultural assets are second-rate. you, however, can't tell the difference..hahahahaha
DrawohWasHere::You'd be wrong, but that's b/c you've never been to a symphony orchestral concert in your life other than the "pops for kids" specials.
DrawohWasHere::Well YenxRenx, you have to get your head out of your Azsp long enough to look around.   Cleveland has more cultural assets than your trailer court with everything from the Cleveland Symphony, the jazz clubs to the birth of rock-n-roll.    The Cleveland Clinic is where the rich come from around the world to be treated where they can't be elsewhere.   And through it all, we allow scumbags like you to spend your money at the horseshoe.
YenxRenx::That's why most people refer to Cleveland as "The Mistake by the Lake"
YenxRenx::i found cleveland to be dreary, crime-ridden, lacking in cultural assets and massively ghetto. I found it to be dirty, it's people were surly and largely uneducated. cleveland looked to be a shell of its former self, a formerly productive rustbelt city in the throes of depression. Cleveland's population used to be in excess of 900,000, it is now well under 400,000. I guess more than half of Cleveland's population reached the same conclusion I did..lol!
mikeyp2307::im calling this dudes bluff.
mikeyp2307::waiting...
mackers024::still waiting...........
yata-9arasu::And waiting.....
mackers024::The lakers are getting smashed by the pacers, better run to the LA board to talk trash
DrawohWasHere::Oopsie...    go Indiana!
mackers024::that is true, but ill still take the pick
mackers024::7-7 I'm worried for them...... not really we get their draft pick this year
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::LA rarely doesn't really build through the draft, they could care less.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::LA will come back and win the game.  Not worried about them...
maverick9::I'm a Cubs fan...go ahead and trash my team...I'm used to it.
YenxRenx::well gosh, thats darned decent of you mikeyp...lol!!
mikeyp2307::my motto is if you dont talk trash about my teams I wont talk about yours. you seem like a cool poster so your fine in my book.
maverick9::Well thanks. Just don't feed the trolls.
maverick9::Oh, and it is sadly deserved.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::You Clev fans are sensitive about your team and city.  Wow!  It ain't even that serious....   Still this team will stay trash as long as Waiters continues to gun and play horrible defense on the perimeter..
YenxRenx::50 years old NFL titles aren't even close to SB titles. Particularly when the team in question, left Cleveland.   Trying to invoke 50 years old titles is pathetic.
yata-9arasu::They still count as championships in the history books.
mikeyp2307::trying to invoke anger by trolling is pathetic.
YenxRenx::yep, you were correct, Mikey. no SB titles precisely as I said above.
YenxRenx::i look at the Browns and I see 0 SB titles....I look at the Ravens and I see 1.
yata-9arasu::What do you call a Super Bowl?  I pretty sure that is also synonymous with the word "Championship".
mikeyp2307::called it!
YenxRenx::I agree with Orange. There is no excuse for trolling. That's why I personally never troll.
YenxRenx::Browns have never even won a playoff game. Perhaps you are confusing the Browns with the current Baltimore Ravens.  Cavs LOST with LeBron (not his fault) and the Indians in the 90s LOST.
ricky2213::Huh they havent won a playoff game? If not for Elway we would of been in 2 Super Bowls so im not sure where your logic comes from
mikeyp2307::bu bu but  no super bowls! -yenx right now
yata-9arasu::Funny because when I look up Cleveland Browns I see 8 titles.  Only see 1 under Baltimore Ravens.
orange_63::WHY IN THE F.UCK DON'T YOU TROLL YOUR A.SS OUT OF HERE????????
YenxRenx::when is cleveland ever winning? It's been 6 decades, dude.
yata-9arasu::Cavs with James.  Indians in the 90's.  Browns have 8 championships.
yata-9arasu::And like mikeyp2307 said.  We defend our city.  I've seen fans of other cities say that someone should bomb Cleveland.  THAT IS $@%!$@% TAKING IT TOO FAR!  FOR !$@%! SAKE!
yata-9arasu::People attack Cleveland even when our teams suck.  They attack us when we are winning.  You wouldn't understand.  No one goes on the Lakers boards and trashes LA when they suck.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::You don't know what kind of Laker fan I am....
mikeyp2307::im sure it has nothing to do with fans like you...
yata-9arasu::But that is LA.  ONE OF THE BIGGEST CITIES IN AMERICA.  WHY IS EVERYONE TRASHING CLEVELAND???  WE DON'T GO ON OTHER BOARDS AND TRASH OTHER CITIES FOR NO REASON!
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::You obviously have never been on an LA board making that statement. They get trashed win or lose....
maverick9::People trash the Lakers any time, anywhere. As it should be. No reason to slam Cleveland. I
mikeyp2307::well when we have you d.ouches attacking us are we not allowed to defend ourselves?
mikeyp2307::yea those arent facts. those are opinions.
YenxRenx::nobody has attacked you, mikey. we have simply stated facts about cleveland and its un-"athletic" teams.
scottsvb1::Scott needs to be fired.. They don't listen to him and are not taking extra time for themselves to learn the game and to shoot better quality shots.  When Kyrie comes back..... bench Gee.... he stinks and have Waiters and Pargo practice a extra hour each day on their shooting skills.
maverick9::Happy to see the Suns win, but I think this team will win just enough to get another 13-15 pick in the draft. Not bad enough for a good pick, not good enough for a playoff run. They really need to get a star on this team.
mikeyp2307::the flag button sure is getting some use tonight.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Flagged!
mikeyp2307::thanks! here's one for you!
yata-9arasu::@YenxRenx  You are on here every day attacking Cleveland for no reason.  I am telling you there is more to life than coming on here and telling us Cleveland is trash.  No one cares that you think that way.  We love our city.  Do something else with your life.  It is really sad.
YenxRenx::Norris Cole has a ring already. That's because Cole is a team player, not a one-dimensional ballhog like Kyrie.I though Norris was great as a rookie.  Kyrie mistakes individual numbers as contributing to team success, even though they lead only to failure. Ballhogs undermine their teams success. Balanced players who faithfully execute a team's gameplan are far more valuable.
ricky2213::Now i know you are trolling when you compare Cole getting a ring to Irving lmao.
YenxRenx::@yata....any city that has not won a WS, SB or NBA title....not to mention a Stanley Cup in 64 years is a loser city . I'm sorry if that hurts; but it is TRUE. Irving IS a .200 player this year. Don't try to deny it.
yata-9arasu::Did you say the same thing about every rookie in NBA history???  You do know that top 5 picks go to the weakest teams, right???
YenxRenx::@mikey...I've been to Cleveland. it's actually far worse than I expected.
yata-9arasu::Wow.  Messed up roads!!!  WOW WHAT A BAD CITY!  NO OTHER CITY HAS MESSED UP ROADS!  OH NO!!!
mikeyp2307::wow very descriptive. youve clearly never been there.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::The airport is a hole in the wall, messed up roads, should I keep going?
rag63top::Don't lie Renx. You are more than likely from Cleveland. Acting like you are from somewhere SOOOOO much better, and you DEF don't live in your moms basement.... Right?
mikeyp2307::how so. explain
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Very dirty.....
YenxRenx::You guys should go light the cuyahoga river on fire again..lol!!
YenxRenx::@ mikey....what joke? the cuyahoga river BURNED, that's a fact.
mikeyp2307::i have never heard this joke ever. you are a genius. /sarcasm
HunterF4444::^virgin^
YenxRenx::I have never attacked Cleveland. It is a fact that Irving is a sub.350 player for his career and that he is a .200 player this year. It is a fact that the cavs are worse this year than even last year. How that is possible, I don't know; but it is TRUE.
yata-9arasu::You called Cleveland a loser city and our fans.  That is attacking our city.  You have no excuse to attack a city for no reason or kick someone when they are down.  I have already told you were wrong.  I have shown you proof why you are wrong on your evaluation of Irving and you continue to come back on here.  If you knew anything about the NBA you would know it is a team game.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::He is just telling the truth....  Love your city all you want....
rag63top::Hell, Lakers fan, UK fan, Georgia fan, Probably a Yankees fan too...   Lets see..... I'm sure you are from South Dakota
mikeyp2307::im sure youve been to cle. if you did you would know its not nearly as bad as people say.
rag63top::I;m a Cavs fan not from Cleveland. There are a lot of us. It is pretty annoying seeing people bashing Cleveland just to do it though. Knowing that they probably live in some 20person village in Utah or something.
mikeyp2307::but that means he'll have to go outside.
orange_63::nsmithNYC - Worse yet he will have to leave his mom all alone in the house and if that happens she might find his gay porn.  not that there's anything wrong with that!
nsmithNYC::Worse yet he will have to leave his mom all alone in the house and if that happens she might find his gay porn.
mackers024::Amen
rollintides74::Ive been using this betting system called sportsbettingstar. im making around 3k a month profit the past few months now just following this system. If you search sports betting system on google, you will find more about this system ..
YenxRenx::I heard this system bets against the Cavs straight up with delusional Cavs fans in every game and makes TONS of money
mikeyp2307::i dont think im going too.
EaglesFan_4-Life::When is Varejao a free agent?
nsmithNYC::When his contract ends.
JrueRandallHoliday::Two number four picks down he drain for Cleveland...
scottsvb1::Who cares... he takes 20-25 shots a game... I can score 15pts when I shoot the ball over 20 times and get to the line 5-6 times a game..  He sucks right now... maybe when his cocky attitude gets a foot in his mouth will he learn to play with the big boys. It's not about how many points you score, its about your % of quality shots and playing defense
JohnsonnnL::Waiters is second among rookies in scoring
JrueRandallHoliday::Actually, he is third behind Davis and Lillard. He is second in minutes amongst rookies besides, he should be averaging 15 points considering he is taking the second most shots on his team at 37% and 39%...
nsmithNYC::Yep, after 15 games averaging 15 points Waiters is a total bust.
mikeyp2307::yea! waiters has only played 15 games and TT has played 1 full season! Busts I say! BUSTS!!
JrueRandallHoliday::Exactly... that's what I'm saying...
mackers024::?
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::YaImFromCleveland  Irving isn't a loser, he's top 3 PG. Better than CP3 maybe as soon as next year =============================================================  And you'll Cavs fans call other people idiots.....  Irving top 3 PG's?
nsmithNYC::Whoever said he was top 3? It certainly was not every Cavs fan. Go check out the player rater and NBA Rank. See where people with real knowledge of basketball place Kyrie. Fans are inherently biased and most often times stupid when it comes to the whole of the NBA.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::I was referring to the one who said he was  Moron.....
mikeyp2307::well hes already a top 5. i dont think top 3 is out of the question for next season.
nsmithNYC::You know that you show how stupid you are more and more every time you try to digitally represent a laugh that way. Grow up kid, make a cogent point or go to bed.
mikeyp2307::yes he is...
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::No he isn't.  Hahahahahaha....
etony331::He's top 5 when healthy. Problem is, he can't stay on the court.
yata-9arasu::He is at least top 6.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::That's your opinion.  Parker pretty much does everything better than Irving.  You Cavs fans will get upset when he continues to stay injury proned.
mackers024::I agree to disagree
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Irving is not better than Parker either.
etony331::Westbrook has changed this year. He's actually distributing the ball this year with incredible efficiency.
yata-9arasu::Rose and Westbrook are not PG and even if they were it would be.  CP3/Rondo/Rose/Williams/Westbrook/Irving in the top 6 in no particular order.
mackers024::parker:no rondo: eh willams: same cp3: better  rose: hurt westbrook: not pg, just plays it
etony331::I'd put him ahead of Parker, and no one knows how Rose will be when he comes back.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Parker Rondo Williams Cp3 Rose Westbrook  Um, no he isn't...
yata-9arasu:::(  Good game Suns fans!  Missed this game(work).  Good luck this year.  Cavs looked tired.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::And Waiters will continue to be a bust.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Well, I made a mistake, but the Cavs still are trash.  Hahahaha......
mikeyp2307::ur doing a lot of crying right now
EaglesFan_4-Life::Cavs should tank the next two seasons. Bring in as much talent as possible in hopes that LBJ will return IN 2014, maybe he'll bring in D-wade for cheap and the ostrich. BAM! CHAMPS
YenxRenx::Trouble is the cavs don't recognize talent when  they see it. They blow their picks on trash like Kyrie and Tristan!!! hahahahahahaha
etony331::Waiters is not better than Davis, Lillard, or MKG.
mikeyp2307::you mean the 3rd best rookie in the nba? yea he sucks
JrueRandallHoliday::Did you forget to add Dion "The College 6th man, drafted 4th" Waiters?
rag63top::Yeah, they should have taken Sanchez and Tebow...... Then we would at least be 4-7
mackers024::sounds like a former cavs fan that left with LBJ..... smh
.Cutty::I feel bad for Cleveland. All their teams are crap.
YenxRenx::Uh..your city has 3 LOSER sports teams.
mikeyp2307::Uh and your a loser
YenxRenx::No, the Cavs, Browns , Indians and the city of Cleveland are jokes!!!
yata-9arasu::You are coming in here and trashing Cleveland.  You have no life.  Grow up.
YenxRenx::Don't feel bad for them. Cleveland fans are too stupid to know the difference. They've never know whhat its like to win, so they don't miss it. Kinda like the Apes in the zoo who have never known anything but captivity, They're content.  In a way this may be a good thing for clevelanders. They're all losers, so they can commiserate with loser teams.
YaImFromCleveland::At least our city has 3 major sports teams, even LA only has 2
yata-9arasu::Dude.  You need to get a life.  You are a joke.
mikeyp2307::I have no idea what cleveland did to you but im happy it did it.
mackers024::*Don't
SteelersNation93::seriously gortat gets like 36mpg the first 10 games and now hes playing 22 pg... whats with this wannabe spurs equal playing time for everyone bs you aren't the spurs you don't have the depth to win against any legitimate team with this minute distribution
etony331::He's been playing like crap, so he's been getting less minutes. Or, maybe he's been getting less minutes because he's been playing like crap. Probably a combination of both.  Don't worry, Jermaine O'Neal will suffer a knee injury soon enough.
nsmithNYC::Suns are the type of team stuck in the middle forever. Are you so stupid to think Weed Beasley and Gortat Gotswat will lead you anywhere? Never will you be first in the lottery or a top seed in the Playoffs. Your fate is sealed. Say hello to the Bucks in Middle Middle land.
team kyle1::One player can win a game but a WHOLE team losses a game
YenxRenx::@Ya....um Kyrie is a loser. He's a sub .350 player for his whole career...lol!
YenxRenx::So how come the Cavs get out-rebounded in most games? hmmmmmmmmmm...........
nsmithNYC::Right, and Kendall Marshall is as good as Kyrie. Get a clue. Cavs have the best rebounder in the NBA along with a top 6 PG that is 20 years old. They are going nowhere but up Sir Douchenozzle.
YenxRenx::anytime the Cavs get  winner, like LeBron, the guy leaves. Anytime they get a loser. like Irving, he stays around. Sucks to be the Cavs.
YaImFromCleveland::Irving isn't a loser, he's top 3 PG. Better than CP3 maybe as soon as next year
mikeyp2307::your knowledge is incredible
YenxRenx::Cavs stuck on the bottom, forever...lol
etony331::Why is this even a discussion? Go read the rules on RFAs. People are freaking idiots around here. The Cavs can match any offer for Kyrie, and he has to accept it if he wants to continue playing in the NBA. If he goes overseas and decides to come back at some point, the Cavs still retain his rights.  Also, what is wrong with Gortat? He's killing my fantasy teams.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::So why didn't Arenas match GS offer when he was restricted and went to a new team?
etony331::Rag, teams could only use an exception to match an offer to first-round picks prior to 2005. Arenas signed a deal with Washington, and Golden State was unable to match it because they were over the salary cap. That has absolutely nothing to do with Kyrie Irving's situation.
rag63top::The team matches, not the player. If the team matched and he left still it must have been a sign and trade. I am not familiar with that deal.
etony331::There were different rules for players who weren't first round picks prior to 2005, when the "Gilbert Arenas Rule" was put into place.
mikeyp2307::.
mackers024::.
Sam58548::What if Irving only agrees to a one year deal and the Cavs match...is he then an unrestricted free agent after that year?
rag63top::but no one would ever sign a contract that short.
Sam58548::Ahhh....I really didnt know....at least its a two year minimum.
etony331::An offer sheet must be a minimum of two years.
rag63top::cant happen that way
orange_63::The Cleveland Tankeliers..............smh
mackers024::CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- In need of a big man, the Charlotte Bobcats reached agreement Tuesday on a three-year offer sheet with Cleveland restricted free agent Anderson Varejao, giving the Cavaliers a week to match the deal or lose him.   A source close to the Cavs told ESPN.com's Chris Sheridan that Cleveland plans to match the offer sheet, meaning Varajao should be back in a Cavs uniform toward the end of this week.
YaImFromCleveland::Tank you very much Suns, another loss in the books. Time to hit the lotto.
team kyle1::I think our front office is better than that of the wizards and the bobcats. So if your going to make that comment go troll on their boards.
YenxRenx::I predict that thhe Cavs will continue to "tank" (lol) for at least 20 more years. At which time they'll fold.
Sam58548::Life is short..how many years are the Cavs gonna tank? Pretty soon Cleveland has to put some kind of decent product on the floor.
mikeyp2307::ktg has taken the pedestal for most re.tarded poster i have ever seen on espn. way to go.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::You morons will see in 2016 when he leaves that dump for greener pasture......
rag63top::he can't genius
mikeyp2307::it will be longer than 2016
Sam58548::Whats Bryon Scotts record as head coach of the Cavs? Its gotta be beyond horrible.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::You Cavs fans are really dumb for real.....  Smh....
Billavsfan::I'm not even a Cavs fan just tryin to help you understand, but you are one hardheaded MOFO!
awildfandango::When can we start calling Tristan Thompson a bust?
YenxRenx::The day the Cavs signed him...lol
mackers024::Hes not Kwamye brown or adam Morrison, give him some time to develop
mikeyp2307::hes only played,what, 80 games?
awildfandango::You are trying to use the shortened season excuse which I kind of understand. But at the same time a rookie 80 games in would'nt have had months of extra development. When asked who has shown the most improvement this summer other than Kyrie, Byron Scott said TT and that he has been working extremely hard. If this is TT greatly improved than we are screwed, the Cavs know it, I am starting to lose any hope that I had left in him.
mackers024::Kyrie can sign with another team, but we can match. Just like when Anderson Varejao signed with bobcats and we matched the offer and kept him
team kyle1::haha who else laughed when they saw his post above.
YenxRenx::yep, LeBron told me that himself.
YenxRenx::leBron has already told kyrie that things get much, much better when you leave Cleveland...
mikeyp2307::has he now? you have any proof?
YenxRenx::wtf? would the Cavs want to match a high pricetag for a player who plays .200 basketball, lacks leadership ability, can't run a team offense and (in the case of a competing offer), doesn't want to be there?
mikeyp2307::who said he doesnt want to be here?
rag63top::Says a Jets fan.....
mackers024::because we can
Poopscoopers::i wonder if Kobe the dope  knows why his team is even called the lakers.....
mikeyp2307::exactly. i really dont get what is so hard to understand about this.
mackers024::Trolls aren't always the brightest people
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::mikeyp2307  so he retires... ==============================  Are really this clueless? If he turns down the Cavs offer doesn't mean he has to retire.  Hahahahaha....
Poopscoopers::he cant play, RESTRICTED is the key word here kobe, i feel bad for your parents man
rag63top::If the Cavs match the offer, he plays for the Cavs KTG. Why don't you understand how this works yet. He cannot refuse the offer. Simple as that. Wise up, and stop showing how intelligent you are.
mikeyp2307::then what is he going to do... the cavs will match any offer.
Billavsfan::Yes he HAS to accept or play overseas or retire.  That is why it is a RESTRICTED free agent.  An UNRESTRICTED free agent can take any contract he wants.  Do you get the difference now?
mikeyp2307::oh my god. then he plays overseas or he retires.
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::It's obvious you are steady missing the point.  The Cavs can match the offer, doesn't mean has to accept it.
rag63top::KTG really trying hard to make excused for being a dumb sh;t.
Poopscoopers::laker fans usually are dumb b@st@rds
legodjames::How many top draft picks do the Cavs need to be atleast a playoff team? Goddamn. I know K.I. is out, but still...
team kyle1::This seems to be your only comeback. Am I right or am I right?
YenxRenx::"in the making'? wtf? he's a .200 player, hardly a superstar. Tell us when he wins something. Heck, call us when he's over .500..lol!
mikeyp2307::they have had 3. one is a superstar in the making, the other is a raw bigman and dion is a rookie learning to play in the nba. give em a few more years.
YenxRenx::trouble is the Cavs can't evaluate talent. The only reason these guys are "top picks" is because Cleveland screwed up. Nobody else would have wasted top picks on these losers...lol!!
David41441::They need bench players not just superstar level players.
Hattchlu::If a player really wants to force his way out of a city he can. Just ask Melo or Dwight Howard.
Poopscoopers::"just cry,it works"  --dwight howard
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Restricted free agent A restricted free agent is subject to his current team's Right of First Refusal, meaning that the player can be signed to an offer sheet by another team, but his current club reserves the right to match the offer and keep the player. An offer sheet is a contract offer of at least two years made by another team to a restricted free agent. The player's current club has three days to match the offer or loses the player to the new team; the CBA prior to 2011 allowed seven days ===============================================  Please tell me where he wont be able to play you dumb Clev fans....
Billavsfan::If the players original club matches the offer, the player MUST take it hence the RESTRICTED in Restricted Free Agent!!!!  his only choice to not take a matching offer is play in another country for a year or retire!
Poopscoopers::wow kobe must be the new word for stupid, wow he even copied it and still cant comprehend
rag63top::hahahahahahahaha.  Way to prove our point KTG. You $@%!$@% Dolt....
mackers024::"his current club reserves the right to match the offer and keep the player"
rag63top::KTG you really are simple
mackers024::he can sign with another team, but we can match. Just like when Anderson signed with bobcats and we matched the offer and kept him
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::Duh!  I know they have the right to match, but the player can turn it down and go to another team.
mikeyp2307::yea you just backed up what we all have been saying. nice.
mikeyp2307::if the cavs match the offer sheet then he has no choice but to play for the cavs
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::You said he wouldn't be able to play $@%. clown if he didn't sign with the Cavs...
mackers024::We can match any offer when Kyrie is an RFA, thus making him a cav for 7-8 years
YenxRenx::I think that a .200 player , like Kyrie, should stay in Cleveland nd play .200 ball for his entire career..hahahahahah
KOBE..THE..GLOAT..::The player doesn't have to accept the offer you moron.
mackers024::he can accept another offer from a different team, but we can match and keep him
mikeyp2307::so he retires...
mikeyp2307::leave it to a kobe fan to not understand the basics of nba contracts...
rag63top::ha, thats the truth. Life long Kobe/Lakers fans.... They are usually 12-14years old. Maybe we should give them a break for being dumb.
andrewplayer21::Cavs need a Power Forward, and a 3pt shooter that actually plays defense. I think Gee is the real deal. I think Waiters at worse could be a good bench player. Zeller has an upside. The rest of the bench should be released.
