Shawn Bento::Dwight Coward's foul trouble limiting him to 6 minutes... Enjoy your headache, Houston.
Matt Dysarz::How is your nba team in Arkansas doing?
H.r. Rearden::Matt Dysarz ,just don't bring up our Razorbacks football, longest losing streak in 23 years, and a loser coach we'll be buying out next year.
Als Jason::Lol bring back petrino
Jason Thornhill::Rockets can't do nothing with the refs calling everything for the clippers!!!  WORST OFFICIATING I HAVE SEEN IN A VERY LONG TIME! If your going to fine a player for flopping, they should fine bad officiating!! At least give them, something to think about!! Before they just start dictating a game!!! COME ON!!  You have 2 great teams, let them play!!! The clippers are outplaying the rockets, but the refs is a part of it for sure!!
Michael Patrick Contristano::Considering the fact that the refs have only called 2 more fouls against the rockets than the clippers.
Mark Abriel Benedicto::No its not true, The foul on Blake Griffin during the fast break. Its clear that Aaron Brooks crossed him
Cory Nope::Calm down. Its an 82 game season. Youll have a heart attack getting all worked up like that.
Sam Raby::Time for the Rockets to make the statement early that they have what it takes to be the biggest threat to the Miami Heat to win the NBA title this season!
Taylor Schoppa::if Miami is a threat anymore lol
Stanley Mah::Right on...... the Rockets are not a rebuilding team anymore, a good team in the making even without Howard. WoW now they are legitimate contender, at least one of three to dethrone the Heats!
John Samson::houston we have a problem. ours guys dont want to play
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::this refs are a joke
Amir Shirazi::I see you're butt hurt lol
Matt Pilkington::Amir Shirazi  lol butt hurt lol good one lol.
Nick Drakely::refs in today's NBA are a joke. 80% of the time when someone drives to the basket is a foul, lol ridiculous. and half of the time the defender isnt even touching his opponent. #FuckStern
Nick Drakely::happened again! unreal
John Malichky::you are talking about Harden, right?
Payton Powell::The NBA needs a big time team in LA, and we all know it won't be the Lakers this year.
David Aulds::Its going to be a good game and its a statement game for whoever wins truth be known. Rockets win this and alot of the so called experts will start taking notice of the Rockets.  Maybe if we win enough this CSN Houston crap will resolve itself.
Michael Hutchins::worst job of officiating this season.
Amir Shirazi::Hmm that's for every sports every year . You shocked lol
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::chris paul is an all star cause of refs .. fact
Lukha Qangule::Swear word!
John Malichky::now you know how other teams feel when Harden travels every time he goes to the hoop, doesn't get touched, and still draws a foul with his bad acting.
Brently Howell::Your an idiot 23 points and 15 assists really????? You wouldn't even get s second in a game.
Eric Lopez::Dwight Howard wasn't really good when he was with the Lakers. I think Dwight Howard will have a good season with the Rockets. But other then that, I say Clippers win this one 118-97.
Amir Shirazi::Eric I have to say I agree with you .
Edwin Garay::i dont know about that! the clippers may win, but i think it will be by 2
David Gabbay::Only a clipper fan would give that kind of score
William Cutting::Houston sports are, for the large part, a huge joke
Matt Dysarz::Fail
Michael Hutchins::florida is a great place to retire when your 70
Tj Chen::Rockets gonna beat the Clipps they already have a 3-0 record let's make it 4-0 ROCKETS
Jasper Soll::you see you'd think that. but then again 76 points at halftime for the clippers
Renee Pantoja::78 points in the first 1/2, Howard 4 points, 2 rebounds in the first 1/2? My Clippers beat your Rockets asses! I hope Houston kicks the shit out of the Lakers in there next game. Only thing I dislike more than the Lakers, are their fans.
Kenny Le::Renee Pantoja You''re not alone, losers tend to feel and root for pathetic teams like Clippers...
JM Kuo::Hoping that the Rockets make this 4-0.  Wishing for Casspi to be back in and for the rest of the team to recover their energy from yesterday's back to back.  Can't have an ugly game against the Clips and expect to pull out the W.
Evander Smart::CP3 only had 11 points and 11 assist in the first half
Joseph Bridges::What kind of POS only gets a double double by halftime. I'd fire him on the spot... Now... Slap yourself you ignorant MoFo
Bredy Charles::November 9th we will return the favor
Matt Irving::the refs this q are exactly why u cant bet nba
Matt Dysarz::Very true
David Gabbay::Rockets can do this harden against cp3 and howard against blake
Joseph Barton::LOL at the Houston fans whining about the refs? Have you never seen a Clippers game in LA? Welcome to a frustrating night
Joseph Barton::by the way, I'm a Grizz fan so I know all about the refs in LA
Matt Dysarz::How is your NBA team in MISS doing?  LOL at you
Joseph Barton::Matt Dysarz I'm from Memphis just go to school at Mississippi State
Evander Smart::Lin getting overwhelmed, taking on the best of the best in CP3
Bbears Eighteight::CP3 getting superstar calls, too, like that kick into Lin for his second foul, what a joke
Evander Smart::Bbears Eighteight WAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!
Quintus Greene::Lin's defense on superstar CP3 didn't even matter, considering Harden was giving Redick and Crawford wide-open shots all night.
Bredy Charles::Refs on deck= For every Rockets comeback will be a cheap foul
William Hendricks::"I'm supposed to play defense, too?"  - Harden
Matt Bugatto::A close defensive battle, as I anticipated...
Matthew Emswiler::107-103 Rockets over Clippers.....
Gino Foggia::This is how weak Howard is that he can't guard griffin man to man, he has to guard Jordan which means that they have to double team griffin in the post... They should have D12 on Griffin but yet back to rule one Howard is one of the weakest centers in the NBA. He never deserved to wear a Lakers jersey he was a disgrace!
Joseph Barton::Dwight is much more suited to guard Jordan. Griffin is too fast for him and is not a back to the basket guy. Guarding Griffin in LA leads to fouling out
Denzel Boksingero::Rockets 110-Clippers 85. The Rockets beat Clippers 98-81 last time they played. Harden was out in that game. And there was no Dwight Howard yet in Houston. But then it could also be 85 Rockets-110 Clippers if Harden plays hero ball and does not utilize the strengths of Howard, Parsons, Lin and even Asik.
Aaron Rooney::solid reasoning...lol  you realize that was LAST YEAR right and both teams are radically different.
Amir Shirazi::Clippers win Easley
Bobby Alorro::Wow, Houston, you're paying a guy more than 20 mil a year for the next 4 years to get you 15 points a game. I know there aren't many other quality big men out there but not sure if this was the optimal investment.
Seth Stevenson::Stop taking stupid pills.   6 teams were lining up to give Howard a max contract, and the rest of the league would have also been if Howard had given them the time of day or if they had the cap space.  And he'd be worth than 20 million a year if there weren't a salary cap.  And you're singling out one stat category . . . from one game . . . where he played limited minutes because of foul trouble.  Oh of course, you're from California . . . just another spurned Lakers fan still ticked that Dwight didn't want to sign with you!
Mike Rose::Seth Stevenson needs his vagina cleaned
Seth Stevenson::Mike Rose However will I recover from such a witty insult?
