A.j. Skiba::Kyrie scores 12 in the 4th and Cavs win by 4.
Brett Michael::I'll stay on the conservative side and say Brooklyn wins by 40.
Kenny Lawrence::Brett Michael you must still be concussed from that butt whooping that Ohio State gave penn state. No why Brooklyn beats any team this year by 40+ points
Scott Bricker::Brett Michael  Just like you thought Penn State would Beat Ohio state by 40 huh?
Jerrod Kennedy::All i have to say is....Cavs basketball is back baby. Beating a team like the Nets is really important
Corey Packard::Does Brooklyn think teams are intimidated by there has-been line ups? Go Cavs! Bynum looking like a beast early!
Antonio Robinson::Knicks own ny and the haters will eat there words
Greg Myers::cavaliers announcers are terrible
Paa Hawkins::You sound stupid.
Ryan Byrne::Then don't listen.
Thomas W Sisler::brooklyn 0-1
Corey Packard::Check that hustle! KI>D Will all day! Now lets see the Cavs get some calls! I can't stand when "stars" get sympathy from the refs.
Eric Miller::How Not to Build a Franchise: Brooklyn Nets Edition
Bill Renz::Don't worry no one cares...lol
Craig Pettit::Cavs by 8
Brent Cross::"As punishment for failing to bring donuts to a recent practice, Bennett and Cleveland's other rookies were forced to wear brightly colored outfits to the arena. Bennett had to wear a purple fedora and vest"- Game Notes  ^ LOL
Bill Renz::Thanks for the fashion update. Did you come up with that or was it your boyfriend ?
Charlie Janini::Bill Renz Sick burn, bro. Oh wait, no, not really.
Christy Manring::Good to see Bynum play today.  He definitely increased the electricity in the building when he came in...
Corey Packard::Paul Pierce: new team, still looking like some sort of rat. KG: new team, still looking like a pharoh.
Robert Santana::Come ON!!!! Stop playing like idiots and win this s***!!!
George Chip Thayer::Good to see Bynum back.   It appears the Cavs have some depth as well.
Robert Santana::Too much f***ing Lopez. The best center in the game
Erich Ross::Boy, you called it.  Just like most of your predictions, a nice "OOPS!" is in order.
George Chip Thayer::Best wishes to both team's fans as we get this new season started.   Go Cavs!
Doug McDougal::Why is the headline "Cavs stun Nets?" Cavs led for much of the game, especially late...
Daniel Ahrendt::Should have been Old Azz Nets Survive Loss in Cleveland.
Scott Bricker::cause Bkn is part of NYC and ESPN home turf. They think everything NY is ratings, point is, everyone hates NY.  btw... although it's 1 game...but Bennett played like crap just like all of preseason..he's Fat, Slow and looks like a Bust. I would say it's just 1 game again, but he played like it 95% of the preseason. Rich, Fat and Lazy! He will be out of the NBA in 1-2 years
Scott Bricker::Shawn Powers I hate Obama racists
Ryan Hastings::3 pts, 3 rebounds, 2 assists, and 2 blocks in 8 minutes is a really unbelievable stat line.
Justin Nixon::more stats than his whole Sixers career
Michael Bishop::Don't sleep on Kyrie Irving. He is a difficult match up for any team and expect him to be better than last year.
Nate Shelton::Kevin Metz wouldn;t call him horrendous on D, but he does have the best defensive coach in the game in Mike Brown now.
Zach Anderson::Irving can't do it all for this team. The supporting cast around him isn't yet there
Jonathan Hilfiker::He has to stay healthy. He is not a difficult match-up, when he is on the bench.
Sloto Mania::Brooklyn Has Beens I mean Nets
Daniel Maresca::You're a moron Sloto, The Nets are going to give Miami a real tough tiome in the playoffs, plus there are a lot of even better teams this year, The Pacers have gotten stronger, the Bulls and a few other teams. The Knicks didn't look too good on their home court tonight, very sloppy and lucky to beat the Bucks. Good luck getting out of the first round.
Bernard Jean::Best wishes to both Brooklyn Nets and Cavs. Go Nets.
John Biesterfeldt::Welcome back, Coach B.
Jonathan Hilfiker::Is Bynum hurt yet?
Aaron Cooper::Go Cavs!!
Wild Silverback::CAVS !!
John Osaki Jr.::The Nets are going to be tough this year. if you are a big-time Garnett and Pierce fan, check out their great chapters in the 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
