Usarmy236::Where is everyone
Usarmy236::lalalalalalalalalalalala
Usarmy236::la
Usarmy236::GOD damn
Usarmy236::I say sixers go in the fill court press
Usarmy236::Goal Tending?
scante31::I was seriously starting to believe the ESPN hype machine had brainwashed the masses into believing that the Heat were actually a contender for the NBA title. But, the fact that this board couldn't generate 5000+ comments even after another almost epic choke job by Miami has restored my faith in sports fans. Looks like they have wised up and realized that the Heat and Lebron have and always will be chokers. The great Los Angeles Lakers won yesterday and they were able to generate 5000+ comments so it seems that the excuse of "If Miami would have lost this place would be flooded." doesn't hold water. R.I.P. Heat bandwagon, guess everyone's just sick of all the chokes. It really has gotten kind of old watching them fail time after time. It was just a matter of time before people woke up from their delusions.
inglehacker::Your faith in humanity was centered around the fact that there are far more people in Los Angeles (and who have much more of a basketball tradition) than there are in Miami?
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Good to see you cared enough to write an essay about it.
scante31::My faith in humanity was restored. I felt the need to put out the extra effort.
yardog59::Bills &gt; Heat; all day, every day!!!
Dancing_Chalupa::Bills &gt; Heat; all day, every day!!!  ^^Funny you used the Bills. The ultimate choke to describe your lame Bulls that can't win a championship without Jordan, yet alone get there.  Losing to a team in dismay at home handily, losing to a team like the Nets at home, it just shows lack of focus. Yeah, make a big deal for the number 1 seeding, as that should be your goal. As it was last year. And we have all seen what happens next.  Go back on youtube, enjoy the past, 2 decades ago, and remember what it was like for a Bulls team to hold the trophy. Because it's the only way you'll be seeing that anytime soon.
TeamZillah::Its funny how people STILL hate on LBJ after an almost triple-double, 54% shooting and leading this team constantly. If the Heat had a better coach they'd be way better.  They can rebound and shoot better than any other team (if they wanted) in my book. They just have to want to.  Eric S. is just like "Hey, pass the ball, and shoot it. Good game."
scante31::lol@they could shoot better if they wanted too..... Because people actually shoot without wanting the ball to go in. Derp
a critic::cool
a critic::Not even close.  The Mavericks winning was very positive.  How long you been a Heat fan?  This should be good!
Dancing_Chalupa::Before the very first game they ever played. I am no little kid that roams around here like all those Bulls troll bandwagoneers. I have followed the Heat  from those miserable years of Rothstein as coach, Ron Seikaly, Sherman Douglas, Grant Long, Rory Sparrow, Sunvold, etc. Win or lose, I have always been a real Heat fan. I even worked on the original Miami  Arena when it was being built.
a critic::Yes, real jealous I couldn't get tickets to see the Mavericks win in Miami.
Dancing_Chalupa::You are just one of those dopes that only see a negative and ignore the positive.
a critic::Same old song and dance from bandwagon Heat fans.  Lose and it's because the Heat didn't try, win and it's because the Heat are great.  The main reason they are a bad rebounding team is because, like most hight school teams, they park around the perimeter waiting for a steal or bad pass so they can race the other way for a dunk.  If the Heat put as much energy into other aspects of the game besides the next pose after a dunk they would definitely be unstoppable.
Dancing_Chalupa::Jealous
ic0n2900::they are a bad rebounding team period. if they fix that they'll be contenders. i've never seen a power forward with so few rebounds per game ..BOSH
Dancing_Chalupa::As for your Power Forward remark about rebounds,  maybe you should read stats once in a while. http://espn.go.com/nba/statistics/player/_/stat/rebounds/sort/avgRebounds/position/power-forwards
Dancing_Chalupa::The Bulls which are 1st in rebounding, are less than 4 rebounds a game more than Miami.
Alejandra7788::Tter can rebound n shoot better if they wanted to?? You know how ridiculous that sounds 0__o
phx090::lol @ all the Heat fans thinking Lebron was clutch. SMH
Usarmy236::Sixers are a big man away from being a contender. Should of traded holiday lou and elton for dwight and even throw in some picks  Then look. Turner at point, Jodie at SG, Iggy at sf hawes or lavoy at pf then howard at center
Da Pack are Back21::I hate how the players just show boat the whole season then actually start to PLAY in the playoffs. Just boring
leerey14::i wonder what the nba would be like if the games were actually called fairly. A man can dream cant he? All lebron has to do is drive to the hoop, 80% chance a foul is getting called. This is why the nba is a joke of a league. Sixers have gotten $@%! on by the refs all season. Should be at least 31-13 right now.
Dancing_Chalupa::I guess Lebron gets fouled 80% of the time.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::REF excuses are for losers.
a critic::and Heat fans
leerey14::FINALLY THEY GOT RID OF THAT BUM NOCIONI@@@@@@@ OMG THIS IS THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE. IN ALL SERIOUSNESS THOUGH, I THINK I COULD TAKE HIM 1 ON 1. EASILY. WORST PLAYER IN THE NBA.
_MagiCanes_::Gotta love how you see Heat fans below say they "need" another player. How many players you need? Would you like to sign the entire all star team? You have Wade, Lebron, and Bosh and you still whine. You have to learn the hard way that "team" will beat "talent" most of the time!
robert7141026::PREDICTION....LAKERS VS HEAT IN FINALS. HEAT WILL CHOKE AGAIN. NOT ONE CHOKE..........NOT TWO CHOKE..........NOT 3 CHOKES................NOT 4 CHOKES..........THAT IS IF THEY CAN EVEN GET TO THE FINALS AGAIN
ItsMeRogie::YOU GUYS ARE GAY. HEAT WIN THAT $@%!.
bp2685::yea like ur fakers have a better shot than heat to get to the final...keep dreaming
Dexter1789::We are One Turiaf away from Championship,, bring him now....
Ritchmann::We need Nene....or even better-Z BO for Bosh. Marc Gasol. A big man to clean up the glass
nba is the worst::Past the trade deadline people!
Dane Kitazaki::kaman
nba is the worst::What about the trade deadline (two days ago) don't you understand?
nba is the worst::Except he's on the wizards.  Smh
Dexter1789::You obviously MR NBA as your nick says ... you are the worst
Dane Kitazaki::he could sign as a free agent
Frank13650::below 3500 comment on this board on other side Lakers board 5000 comment
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::If the heat lost I guarantee there would be 5000+ comments here
Dancing_Chalupa::Who are the Lakers?
nba is the worst::Already suppressed your memory of the beatdown on the Sunday Showcase two weeks ago?
gobledoug::Good job by Haslem for keeping them in the game.  Need a big to beat Chi in EC Finals, if they both make it there.
RunTheBall22::I like how when the clock is winding down in the first they say Lebron always wants the ball for the last shot, but when it comes to the 4th he can't pass it fast enough, way to be Mr. Clutch in the first king. LOL
nba is the worst::Another illustration of the heatles' lack of killer instinct - and the lack of decent teams in the Leastern conference...
Dancing_Chalupa::Heat won. Bulls choked. Clear enuff.
nba is the worst::Silly post.  The goal of pro sports teams is winning the title. Despite your dumb assertion, the Bulls are no different, and are aware that home court advantage in the playoffs is an advantage.
Dancing_Chalupa::Like that means anything. That is the difference. Bulls play for the 1 seed, and have reached their goal by then. Heat play for a chance at the title. The 90s are gone.
nba is the worst::As is the heatles 3rd place standing.  Bulls still 11-3 vs the West, heatles 7-5
miami360x::Lebron was Leclutch last night.
nba is the worst::How could he be clutch, when Philly never got closer than 4 pts the entire game?
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Two possessions ain't nothing in the NBA. And its a long shot but 4 points is possible in one possession.
nba is the worst::Philly never led, and only got it to 4 once (still a 2-possession game)...
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::4 points is nothing in the NBA lol what is your idea of close?
nba is the worst::It's only clutch if the game is close
Dancing_Chalupa::We know. It's only clutch if fake mvp DRose makes those shots. Stupid troll.
evanturnerbestshootingguardthankobe::1.turner better passer   2 better dribbler  3 better rebounder  4 scoring a tie with lebron did u see turner post and block james out and wade couldnt check him shot that jumper in wades face
nba is the worst::And a game-high 5 turnovers. Lebr0n 8 ast to Turner's 5.  Your campaign is embarrassing...
Carlos4175::I don't really like to talk bad about another team, Chicago fans like trash the heat when they lose games, , but how                     about them when lose games, when ever Chicago plays vs the west i root for them to win, i don't wish them to lose, either way we have to face them in the finals anyway.... what im trying to say stop the hate and just love the game of basketball..god bless ya'll.
scante31::This game didn't even get to 5000+ comments? All the Heat fans must have jumped ship after the 2 game losing streak. Didn't want to get laughed at again.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::no. had the heat lost there would easily be enough dumb comments like these to easily get over 5000.
Lakers2012WorldChamps::Why did LeBron James get an automatic transmission in his Lamborghini? He’s not good with clutch.
ScarecrowKeyserSoze::Try again.
leerey14::lol @ this bum saying try again. I dont see you coming up with anything creative. Clown.
smenkhare::That joke failed miserably!!
nba is the worst::As has lebr0n in the Finals...  TWICE!
jac91stevens::How o\would one be good "In a clutch" of ones own car? That makes no sense
mmostello::Not being able to beat Miami is what the Sixers need not to be losing games to teams like Denver, the Nets, Clippers, Pacers, etc.
HaYn45::Bulls vs L.A. Lakers in the Finals
vo2421::mfers were get prayer shots against the heat. the bulls cant even win a game wen there second best player leading them and boozer scared of the heat wat has he ever done against them nothing. noah was hollering the heat hollywood a.s.s hell but has long girlie hair which he puts in a ponytail if the heat hollywood as hell he gay as hell
vo2421::dumb bulls fans getting happy cuz the bulls beat the heat since game one of the ecf lol that long ago almost a year ago no bulls will never beat mia in a seven game series your two best players suck vs the heat. rose onli had one thirty point game vs the heat lol and deng posed to be bron stopper another thirty point game against him matter of fact he average thirty in the madhouse lol
venom47891::bulls&gt;heat
Inbound_the_Ball::Being friends and playing together can sometimes backfire.     Here's a theory. LBJ stopped being aggressive in last year's NBA Finals because he either saw (like pretty much everyone watching could see) or Wade confided to him in private discussions, that Wade wanted to win the Finals MVP. So instead of playing like himself, he took a backseat to Wade in order to be a good friend. He also drew the top defenders to him, in Marion and Chandler, which further should have helped DWade. But it backfired. It was a bad basketball decision and they lost that series. I personally would rather see LeBron play like LeBron than see him try to cater to his buddy. That's my theory. And I will also theorize that the Heat will never win a championship if LeBron continues to do that. Wade may be his friend, but LeBron has to play like LeBron.
vo2421::you mfers banking on sessions a journeyman and im the stupid fu.ck lol
smenkhare::Are you posting from a gay bar?
scante31::Are you posting from jail?
vo2421::yea they bench suck you clown and how many lakers game you watched to even comment back wit that
MonkeyPayne::saying sessions wasnt a game changer he sure looked like it tonight stupid f.uck
vo2421::gtfoh laker fan acting like you clowns gon win the chip bc you got sessions its so funni still no bench and weak at the one and three get real you clowns and stop banking on a player who never been to the playoffs what is sessions gon do against a good pg in the playoffs since you clowns act like he ai in his prime
MonkeyPayne::hmmm bench sucks? they scored 40 points tonight..
Duke Sucks Dick::he doesn't have to be spectacular. he just needs to contain the other team's point guards for us.
2kobeisgood4::excuses excuses excuses what will it be this year, and believe me it is coming
Amaze76er::Being up by 6points n going to the line is not call clutch u idiot lebrick fans..lol
vo2421::yea agreed thomas wade is starting to oiss me off lately wit his antics. stepback js when hes wide da fu.ck open and missing them is realli getting annoying
Thomas7158::played alot better than wade, who try to throw the game away
pgp.carter::Bosh has to rebound better needed that win heat
Anti-Stratfordian::It's not going to happen with Bosh.  They need to team rebound better.  No one player can do it alone.
mavclo::Well he will just have to run off to another team then.
2kobeisgood4::so lebron doesn't have help
dadudez1::Who ever watched this game missed some bracket bustings
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Who the f*ck is Norfolk St. and how did Missou lose to them? I feel like such a dumbsh*t for pitting Missou in the final 4.
smenkhare::Me too
Anti-Stratfordian::O'Quinnsanity
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::How many brackets got messed up today?
fairandbalanced00::Miami needs to keep giving Pittman more playing time, he looks promising when given minutes and they'll need him deep in the playoffs.
LebronKing1984::James jones better
MonkeyPayne::lol pittman is garbage
yorkallday::aquille carr 5'6 got 57 points in a game, averages 30 in high school committed to seton hall   espn sais carr is next big thing si compared him to nash.... NBA WATCHOUT  more on the little aquille carr http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
SallieManda::Yeah TJ567, there was this game that set the SEC record http://bit.ly/zcantq
Retro Snapbackz::Impressive 4th quarter Lebron, your 2 points in the money quarter certainly helped your team win.
wade.all.day::4 in the final minute when it was a 4 pt game. Owned
wade.all.day::Pretty sure you missed his jump shot then? Oh shiiiett
Michael112115::free throws dont count? Hmm im pretty sure the scoreboard would have looked different if they didnt count.  Troll much?
Retro Snapbackz::sorry free throws don't count
LosHeatSonLosMejores7::yawn...................
Qban_305::Miami needs to stop lagging on the 3rd and 4th quarter, this team got some talent, keep it up
evanturnerbestshootingguardthankobe::1.turner better passer   2 better dribbler  3 better rebounder  4 scoring a tie with lebron did u see turner post and block james out and wade couldnt check him shot that jumper in wades face
Michael112115::dude are you serious? I like the kid but you are making gross exaggerations that make him look less credible.
could you BE any madder::Good for him.  Now let's see if he's still doing that 9 years from now.
evanturnerbestshootingguardthankobe::y wouldnt he not
wade.all.day::Go look at the past 4 or 5 thunder loses. And look at what Durant does in the final 2 minutes. Still can't believe he gets a pass for being clutch.
wade.all.day::He had a GW vs Mavs earlier in the season, so now everyone just labels him clutch no matter what he does from now on.
Michael112115::havnt u seen the nba commercials "KID CLUTCH",, so it must be real
22Young Money::i gots to poo
wadegotpaid305::AS LONG AS WADE AND LEBRON ARE PLAY FOR THE HEAT THE BULLS WILL NEVER GET PAST ECF
Michael112115::hahaha, i would love for you to enter a Bulls forum and write the exact same thing. Peoples heads will EXPLODE!!!
Giggity.iggity::LeBron James pretty much locked up MVP tonight.  He's been the one constant for this team all season and is playing like a man possessed.  His stat line is just stupid but it's a standard game for him; shows how he's head and shoulders above any other player in terms of talent.
could you BE any madder::Like Wade was doing anything.  He's worse than James in the clutch overall anyway.
wade.all.day::Until the final 2 minutes lol
evanturnerbestshootingguardthankobe::turner shut him down though when he was on him and thats the bottom line
Michael112115::dude your consistency is really hilarious. Great effort bud.
Anti-Stratfordian::No diggity
MiamiSailor0220::Wade's D sucks?? The dude is always grabbing steals and one of the best shot blocking guards.
THA TRUTH 365::HE NEVER PLAYS THE OTHER TEAM'S STAR GUARD, LEBRON DOES. WADE'S ONE ON DEFENSE SUCKS, HE CAN JUMP HIGH ENOUGH TO BLOCK A SHOT BUT HE CAN'T COVER HIS MAN.
wade.all.day::A lot of arguments for KD being MVP. Doesn't come up in the clutch, no mention. Dust it under the table, only a handful of writers saw the game.
THA TRUTH 365::KEVIN URANT, HAS NO -D-.
brattboy99::neither does Eric Rose.
dsupertech::it'll stay that way. hard to argue against the "media" MVP.
MiamiSailor0220::I wish James Jones played D. It's really frustrating to see Battier go 1-15 from 3pt. land.
evanturnerbestshootingguardthankobe::1.turner better passer   2 better dribbler  3 better rebounder  4 scoring a tie with lebron did u see turner post and block james out and wade couldnt check him shot that jumper in wades face
Braktooth::This is what happens when you mix drugs and alcohol.
BigPoppa1866::dude seriously hes just not as good as lebron.  i mean his future looks brigth and he is a great rebounder, but just no
BigPoppa1866::listen im a sixers fan but none of what you just said is true
evanturnerbestshootingguardthankobe::u are not a sixers fan ,trader
evanturnerbestshootingguardthankobe::did u see turner get that reb over bron did u
wadegotpaid305::i despise Rose that stuck up Moth.af.ucker that dude is good but i think that MVP award starting to get to his head too much! that lil b.itch acts humble but he aint i mean who the f.uck self proclaims themselves a super star? not even kobe or lebron say that type of s.hit
wadegotpaid305::I FEEL YOU BRO I GOT U AND I AGREE
hapatino::Player A: 22.8 points, 45% shooting, 3.5 rebounds, 8 assists, 0.7 blocks. 0.8 steals  Player B: 27.7 points, 55% shooting, 8.4 rebounds, 6.6 assist, 0.8 blocks, 1.7 steals   We certainly wont see Player 'A', who misses 1/4 of his teams games so far - win the MVP. He is also a crybaby that complains about refs. Really? LOL  Player 'B' is putting one of the most amazing seasons ever. I wont mention names :)
ScalabrineSwag::Your going bash on rose for being cocky...
wadegotpaid305::THAT B.ITCH AINT HUMBLE STOP LYING TO YOURSELF
hapatino::He is so humble he allowed others to take the SAT for him.
ScalabrineSwag::Rose is humble.
wadegotpaid305::i respect his game but i dont like his attitude that nigggaa acts like his the best but he aint
wade.all.day::Also wade's shot selection in this game was atrocious.
