Bradley Clark::Is anyone else noticing that the Jazz aren't getting any calls in their favor? I'm not trying to blame the refs for the Jazz losing, (shooting percentage anyone?) but it seems like the Nets are getting any foul call they want.
Justin Coo::I'm glad they won't help the jazz. 0-4 is like 4-0 this season. Looking good for the Wiggins sweepstakes!
C.n. Muhney::Celtics are tanking for the # 1
Tommy Johnson::No one on the nets played more than 25 minutes in this game..crazy
Daniel Santos Silveira::I honestly believe they are a "good" point guard away from being a decent team. Someone in addition to Hayward who can distribute should give them those W's. I guess we'll see what happens when Burke returns and takes over.
Dave Green::I hope Burke is learning something watching these games from the bench. All we need him to do is play tough defense, run the offense and get 8 or more assists per game. We don't need him trying to score a lot.
Craig Hauser::Brook Lopez oh that's nasty!!!
Sakshay Chaturvedi::This will be Williams First Win Against The Jazz in the Nets Uniform !
Shelly Tripp::hahaha probly true!!!!
Dave Green::Yeah, the Jazz have a lot of injuries(Burke, Rush, Williams, Evans and Biedrins) and they are inexperienced at finishing games right now.
Daniel Santos Silveira::LOL!! Just to think this guys had it all in Utah, a system that worked for him and a team that was his. Now he's nothing more than a good PG.
Brendyn Scott::I wonder what the Jazz record would be if they werent killed by injuries right now. Rush, Burke and Marvin would for sure add to the depth that the Jazz are lacking right now.  P.S. how nice is it to see burks getting time? Anyone notice he is the leading scorer?? OFF THE BENCH!
Andrew Rossman::The only thing I noticed is they are yet to win
Tatyana Kuptsevich::I feel really bad for them playing without a real PG, but at least they are the top contender in the tanking contest. The shooting is so horrendous, it makes me wonder how these guys made the NBA. I don't know who they are, but no one except Hayward, Kanter, and Favors should be on a real team. And those three should be on the bench somewhere.
Brendyn Scott::goodness the Jazz have a tough schedule through their first 16 games. The fact that they are playing teams close is awesome but its obvious they are young. disappearing in spurts and not being able to finish games. We all knew it was going to happen but its hard to swallow now that its here. Patience sucks..
Sakshay Chaturvedi::As much as I like to see the Jazz win every game, the losses are not affecting me much. These are growing pains. All our young guys have huge potential and its time to unleash it or evaluate it. A season like this was necessary to rebuild and I am glad the Jazz chose it sooner and later. After each loss, I keep me satisfied thinking that this team might become the most fearful team in the league if they add a franchise changer in the next draft. And they also have a cap-space to keep them together for a long time.
Michael Scott Beck::Sakshay Chaturvedi I agree but I don't think it was soon enough.  I wish they'd have traded Jefferson/Millsap prior to last season.  Clinging to them only to not even make the playoffs set them back a year in development!
Brendyn Scott::Michael Scott Beck I firmly believe that the Jazz TRIED to trade both of them last season but the return just wasnt good. I think that they would have had to take on MAJOR contracts (BAD contracts) in order to do so. Taking on such bad contracts would screw up what they just did with Favors and what are planning on doing with Gordon. I think NOT moving Al and Paul was the best move.
Mike Plummer::The Nets look good on paper but they're too old to make a push in the playoffs. Should be fun to watch though.
Lornet Prather::Nets are built to win 50 and challenge the Knicks for dominance in NYC.  Nothing else.
Lornet Prather::Knicks are built to win 50 and challenge the Nets for dominance in NYC.  Nothing else.
Daniel Maresca::Mike Thomas Plummer I think your talking about the Knicks being too old, The Nets will be fine.
Ray Jask::now win on the road nets, this team is going to frustrate us all year with a lack of urgency to win a lot in the regular season.  no one is taking charge as the true leader, each is playing limited minutes and not pushing themselves, if it relates to two playoff round wins then all we be accepted BUT THAT IS A BIG IF
Sam Feinberg::I don't think that's really it. Guys like Williams, Lopez, and Johnson are "rhythm" guys, whereas Pierce and Garnett are clearly more efficient and aren't affected by momentum swings. Sometimes Garnett and Pierce will have bad nights but they won't take bad shots.   The rhythm guys get affected by the tempo of the game. This team is going to be good at home and average to below average on the road to start the season but I think as they buy into the concept of the extra pass and start to see how deadly this offense can be, they will get a lot better.
John Osaki Jr.::It only one game for the Nets to get back on track. If you are a big-time Kevin Garnett, Paul Peirce, and Jason Kidd fan, check out all three players chapters in the new 2013 book NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
YungMan OldSoul::Anybody have an opinion on Jazz covering the 9.5 point Spread Tho? https://soundcloud.com/thayoungsoviet/city-lights
Noah Wind::take the 9.5
Adam Littlefield::Noah Wind Bet on another game. From watching the Jazz so far this season they will probably lose this one by 8-12 points.
YungMan OldSoul::Im Going With Noah Wind On This One
Derek Roney::Just want to thank the Jazz Brass for letting Hornacek get away and retaining out of "it's the right thing to do" clueless Corbin.  Idiots!
Justin Nixon::the world is waiting for Derrick to be great, but will not wait forever.. don't make me look bad Favors
Tyler Lewis::so the game recap calls alec burks a rookie....3rd year rookie i guess
Scott Carter::I firmly expect Wiggins to pull a Steve Francis if hes selected 1st overall by Utah next June.
Benjamin Booth::I actually don't really want Wiggins for that reason.  I want someone who will be loyal to Utah and actually want to stay with the core instead of looking for a pay-day as soon as their rookie contract expires.  It seems like Jabari Parker could fit that role and hopefully do so without it being too much of a publicity stunt (would anyone in Utah really want Jimmer if he wasn't mormon and didn't go to BYU?).
Brendyn Scott::Benjamin Booth Jimmer is a good ball player. Sitting behind one of the worst franchises in the league doesnt help. If he gets on a good team there is no reason he couldnt be a JJ redick type player, maybe better.
C.n. Muhney::if NETS are like Celtics they will hit the brakes and this W will be by 13 or less
Jonathan Sadler::What happened with Garnett?
Steave Hoover::Utah needs a 3 pt. shooter!
Tatyana Kuptsevich::Utah needs any point shooter. The layups from Kanter and an occasional jumper from Hayward are not going to cut it. Even if they win the draft lottery, you still need 15 players on the roster, and right now they got 4-5 max and none of them are starter quality. I mean, their starters got beaten by the Brooklyn bench tonight. Reggie Evans and Mason Plumlee had more points than some of your starters, I think, and those guys average like 0.5 a game.
Brendyn Scott::Tatyana Kuptsevich You do understand it was their plan to bring along the young guys right? that is what they are doing. They are not deep at all
Luke Marsh::Is burks hurt or what?
Lawrence Saunders::I was there
Tatyana Kuptsevich::Me too. Snoozefest. Not even remotely competitive.
