Blondie::Oh well ....... It's Kobe's team.  Anyway, I told you guys the Lakers would of had the "W" if D'Antoni started taking tabs on the negative point differentials (+/-) of the starters and rotated players with higher point differentials from the bench. It's the little things like point differentials of players that adds up in a game since the since Suns had the higher point differential, which Jeff Hornacek knows how to take advantage of more than Dum'Atoni did.  With Kobe's experience, he should have directed more plays in the paint for Jordan Hill, Gasol, Sacre to score since the Lakers were out rebounded 43-33.
bruno g::A reply to Naturally Tanned Man….  Stats! It is all about stats.While both team were around 50% ,one shot only (if i may say ) 48.8 , while the winner shot 51.8%. But the big difference was at the free throw ;it is not how many time you get to the line it is how many free throw you make. Look ,78% for the lakers and 90% for the Suns.   Morality . Close games are decided at the line .Every point count ,even early in a game.
1964 Cleveland Browns::1st game: 2/9:22%. 2nd game 6/11:55%. Sports Writers must report that it's the greatest 2nd-3rd game improvement for a comeback in the history of the NBA further proving what an unchallengeable world class hard-worker and pain-sufferer JellyBean must be.
Joseph::wow, phoenix is getting a surprising amount of production from the young and developing players they have, not to mention that they probably will improve over the season because they are, well, young and developing, and by the time the suns get okafor back, they will have a great squad
Naturally Tanned Man::Told you the talkers would win free throw battle. Kobe was referee tonight
Blondie::I guarantee that if D'Antoni doesn't start taking tabs on players with low point differentials (+/-) and doesn't start putting in players with higher point differentials, the Lakers will have a long agonizing season.
donotbeafraid::A real problem for the Lakers is they need another point guard to go with Steve Blake.  Kobe should not be playing point guard. When is Farmar returning?
Mr. Multiple ID Troll::I wish I could say all this to Kobe's face but then I would have to leave my computer and he might get mad at me!
Commenter::Kobe is done and will never recover.
Mr. Multiple ID Troll::My mommy tried to take away my computer once but I found it in the attic!
