MZ CORRECT2::.
baseballbasketballman::What happened to Philly
johndoe5699::When your best player is Andre Iguodala, your team is not very good.
killer2497::Wow just let your fans know the draft is what your waiting on I paid for the league pass for this somebody owes me some money and this is not a joke
Reality_And_Truth::Any time that Elton Brand is your leading scorer....then you know it's a bad night......Brand has never been a winner anywhere in the NBA......4 Rebounds....lol
leerey14::Just bag the season guys, you had your chance and have blown it already. Get rid of the dead weight get a nice pick. TANK THE REST OF THE SEASON.
drdlh1::They don't have to tank. They can't beat anybody anyway!
lamriverside11::ramon sessions vs CP3!!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDXdnZpxqQ4
lamriverside11::Kobe Bryant Lights up the Clippers for 31 Points IS HE BACKK?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLir2enNEnM
Reality_And_Truth::Kobe Bryant is a Rapist that should be in jail today in Eagle, Colorado......
greenmagnum::76ers are toast
black people will take over the world i promise you::PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCMENT: You need to realize the threat black people have on us, they are unstoppable if used correctly, they can shut down water supply, they can kill our children, its really bad people! look at the slavery times, the black people adapted to the whether! it was hot as hell but they survived! howd they do it? i believe it is because black people are a hybrid from gorillas, they have the features of gorillas and the strength of gorillas and they have the traits! the world will end due to black people, black people will kill us all because black people have a ridiculous amount of resources! these blacks need to be stopped!~ NOW
winfield47::did you know if you spelled retarted correctly, this site changes it to garble *#)$#@^%!   .. i didnt know it was a banned word nowadays
formaggio jones::76 ers need a scorer like me/.....Melo
cp3andcompany::Ive been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar for a few months now. I have made over 3k a month for 3 consecutive months just following this system. It's on the 1st page of Google when you search the words "sports betting system" Thought I would post this for anyone that's looking for a betting system that actually works.
Stan The Knick Fan::Soon it will be time for the Sixers to move over cause the Knicks are coming
winfield47::the knicks? ha
t hartmann::Watch out for Milwaukee
njorr91::7? HAHAHAHA
ohedoh::I see John Hollinger still has Philadelphia ranked as the fifth-best team in the NBA.  Maybe if they fall below .500, he'll move them all the way down to sixth.
dash42021::Nice Raps beat a mediocre team.
wyoxcdukie::Since Collins has shortened his rotation it's really hurt the team. Its depth used to be one of its biggest strengths. The players became mentally fatigued in the second half, with no one providing energy. Check out superclif.blogspot.com for more coverage on the 76ers.
jayshah96::Yay!
TheCronoMasterMind::22 point second half? Ouch lol
piealec::I dont even know why i'm even mad. There is zero chance for anyone but the Bulls and Heat in the East.
joetooeasy::Good to see Alan Anderson doing his thing
LilDwayne21::Are you $@%!$@% kidding me? The Sixxers lost to the $@%!$@% Raptors!!! Philly what the $@%!?
dylan2735::no need to get rid of iggy! Open your eyes people it is all Spencer $@%!$@ hawes need to play vucevic more and we will get hot at the right time I still have hope
AIadvocate::stop it...no need to trade him?  why not?  hes getting 13-14 million a year to average 7, 7, and 7 a night while shooting 42%...the  "all-around game" nonsense needs to stop...we need play-makers
dylan2735::Sixers need to wake up now
mccoywajmu::sixers are garbage
piealec::The Fans should start the Lets go Flyers! and Lets go Phillies! chants next game
piealec::This franchise is a joke, and it's not even the players. 1) The fans cheer the most during the Kiss-cam and the 3rd Quarter Dunking off trampolines. 2) They hire a whole section of fans to dress up and cheer really loud 3) The main entertainment should be the game, but obviously it isnt if you dont win. 4) Please turn down the lights on the fans, only illuminate the court.
mcole812@gmail.com::Agree with #4 big time.  ill drown out the rest.
Jimmy45795::Sixers need that go to scorer that can make plays in crunch time and a better big man then Hawes if they get that then we may see something because there is some potential on that team
DRook215::People are really that naive to get rid of Collins, and he was the best thing since Bird, GTFO
DRook215::When was the last time the sixers were something to watch or atleast become something to talk about in philly before he came?  Besides Iverson leaving...
Ronniep145::your right drook, but were just tired of losing, thats all.  Just ventng right now
piealec::Ok tell me how often any of the plays he runs works?
piealec::Doug wants to keep all the players together. You have to get rid of Doug if you want to go anywhere Teams like the Bulls and OKC are GREAT because they have 2-3 designated scorers and 2-3 designated defenders. Not a bunch of all-around athletes running around
FEAR_THE_HEAT::Sixers schedule doesnt get any easier
Alex818728::wow philly better step it up they could still miss the playoffs
Ronniep145::kind of hope they do miss the playoffs, then there would def be changes made, we keep making playoffs nothing going to change
leerey14::Starting to get annoyed with DC hes ruined this season. Soon the team will turn on him and we will be looking for a coach. Might as well blow the team up when that happens, this team has literally no talent. Trade it all away.
Ronniep145::Iggy has to go, Rys yes he's good, but not a number 1.  Love Brand, but never should of signed him, past his prime, and its ashame but injuries has slowed him down.  We just need a change.
Rhys III::I agree with trading.. but they have much talent... especially Jrue Holiday and E. TURNER.
Ronniep145::everyone but Turner.  I think he has potential to be great, everyone else can leave
Rhys III::IF you honestly think Andre I. or E. turner or Jrue Holiday, and even Elton Brand have no talent.. you're retarted.... they just arnt the best mix for each other....
winfield47::*$@%!$@%!
TdN kevman::http://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/2012/4/4/6cb46e26-1c58-4b60-a2bd-03950b306118.jpg  (Props to anyone who gets this reference)
yomi_4::what the hell happen to the Sixers.
yomi_4::so true so true
Ronniep145::we've been exposed
FEAR_THE_HEAT::Overrated...everyone told yall from the start Sixers had the easiest schedule thats why they had a good record...no one is surprised they are this bad but sixer fans
Ronniep145::i love us, but not suprised.  I think most of us fans wanted to ignore it, I did, I mean I knew deep down we weren't that good, but at least they left it on the court, they played hard for 48 minutes.  I don't know what to say anymore.  They let us down.  Time for a change.
Rhys III::kentucky would be beat double digit... by any team.. fact... PHILLY WOULD BEAT KENTUCKY by 40+.... ITS A FACT COLLEGE TEAMS WOULD BE OUTPLAYED AND INTIMIDATED by NBA PLAYERS... MEN AGAINST CHILDREN.. so shutup with this kentucky would win with more than half that team wont be playing in NBA...
t hartmann::The idea that Kentucky could beat any NBA  team is absolutely laughable.
Ronniep145::Not the way we been playing lately
Alex818728::no doubt
Rhys III::EXACTLY they could win with spencer hawes at point..
Plargo::Yep. Every year i.diots say so and so NCAA team could beat a crap NBA team and it's so f'ing stupid. Philly would destroy Kentucky by 40 or 50.
DRook215::I'll always remain a 4 for 4 guy for philly, but these $@%!$@% had me believing for a minute, never seem to surprise me with the same outcome every year...
Raptorsfan080::WOHOOOO RAPTORSSS WINNNNNN! THREE STRAIGHT WINS
marat75::Good fight, Sixers. You still suck though.
FEAR_THE_HEAT::HAHAHAHAHAHA
Rick-Da-Villain::What the hell happen to the sixers??  Their fans like yanknskins was bragging so much on how good the sixers were when they beat da bulls..now they might not even make the playoffs
Ronniep145::wait, I'm a sixers fan and I never bragged about beating the bulls.  Look I will always love my philadelphia teams but the truth is we aren't a good team.  6, 7, or 8 seed, and I don't wan that.  I'd rather us lose, so we get a good dfraft pick.  I think its time to get rid of Iggy, get someting nice from him, try to build with Turner, maybe Holiday.  The rest should be up for grabs.  We will never win like this ppl
binkinainteasy::Sixers need a big man. Unfortunately they won't draft high enough to get a legit one and this year's free agent class is weak.
JoeyDorsey4MVP::When Soloman Alabi scores a basket on you, you know you're bad.
Sportsfrenzy::Embarrassing
Jacol84::This team is tanking badly after a good start.  They can't even beat the bad teams now.
piealec::All Good teams are built around high draft picks. If the Sixers are constantly around the 15-17 mark, they will go nowhere. Tank now before it's too late
piealec::Kentucky could beat the Wizards? No Kentucky could beat the Sixers? Yes.  Kentucky has more NBA talent in Anthony Davis then the whole team does
Plargo::Complete and utter idiocy.  A college team would be destroyed by the worst NBA team.  As someone pointed out, men vs children.
t hartmann::well said
GoCanucksGo1970::UK could beat a handful of NBA teams. Thats a fact
JoeyDorsey4MVP::Nice, to see 'drea return to his all-star form
SocalExtreme::Scroll back to all those guys talkin about how easily this was going over 180....  counting chickens before they're hatched as someone pointed out.  Total amateurs babbling about their "investments"
Ronniep145::i hate ppl like that SoCal, and the funny thing they prob bet like 50 bucks maybe 100.  PPl crack me up
SocalExtreme::night night Tiger Williams and Trevor Linden boy... Nielsen screwed over the Kings with his cheap shot tactics in 82
SocalExtreme::i was a winner.. Toronto has been a tough team recently... but I wasn't going to mention it before
SocalExtreme::it's not smack...  it's entertaining to see the contrast
GoCanucksGo1970::you're a winner for talking smack after the game is over. lol faker
MattSg76::I knew it was too good to be true ! I knew it!!!!! Why did I buy in :/ another year getting f****** in the $@% by mediocrity
MattSg76::Yes 01' oh how I miss those days
DRook215::2001
GoCanucksGo1970::when was the last time the 76ers were any good? CHuck years? DR. J ?
JoeyDorsey4MVP::They made it to the finals with AI?
