William R M::Wolves very much need Budinger and Turiaf back. Budinger for 3 point shooting (and much more) and Turiaf to give Love some rest. Basically Wolves must rely on only 5 guys most nights -- so, of course, they're tired, especially after this last very intense stretch of games. Bright spots: Martin shooting as advertised, very good rebounding, Rubio (who would likely have many more assists with better shooting). Bad: Shved in danger of falling below Yugo in "worse imports" category, Williams simply not producing with any consistency, draft picks looking like busts at this point.
Michael::T'Wolves could use Chuck Hayes in the rotation for this game tonight. Turiaf is injured, Derrick Williams just sitting on the bench as Hummel is getting all of his minutes. Unfortunately it's too early in the season to do a Derrick Williams to Sacramento for Chuck Hayes and a Second Round Pick even though a trade like that will happen eventually. Pekovic is going to have a game similiar to the one in Cleveland on back to back nights. Some solid minutes for Gorgui Dieng tonight?
Fugly::Please keep protecting me Matt Barnes I will pay the fines.
Anton::Bad coaching by Adelman. CP3 was absolutely raping Rubio, I think CP3 scored 20 straight points in the 4th with Rubio's pathetic defense. Should have put Brewer on CP3. And Blake handled Love tonight. Good defensive effort Blake.
HIP2CLIP::Crawford and Reddick both had great moments in this game. Blake rocked (per usual)
Busy cutting crap::So frustrating watching a team getting eating alive by the same play, but refusing to make adjustments. Since Rubio never realized that he should maybe stop going UNDER screens and letting Chris Paul make shot after shot, Adelman should've just benched him. Out wait, JJ Barea can't play defense either. Damn wolves.
Amir::Ricky is simpatico muchacho not a guy who can bring a team to playoffs in Western conference. Witnessing to another his 33+ minutes on the floor game and i don't understand a shhh
Dan::The Wolves are now 0-5 in games decided by four points or less. Rubio and Love were non-factors. Just brutal. The difference between the Clips and Wolves? The Clips have a point guard that can take over a game like he did tonight in the fourth quarter. I'm done defending Ricky Rubio. He is GARBAGE.  At least the Wild won tonight.
Commenter::The Wolves can score but they have the same problem any majority white team always has,no defense.
Kingex::Doc Rivers is such a (expletive) coach! He always seem to make sure that Chris Paul and the other superstar in this Clippers team will have a good stat line. Even if JJ Redick had a good start, he chose to put him on the bench which consequently ruined his rhythm. I hope he could change this (expletive) strategy in the coming games.
