Zack Schooler::Nice to get two days without having a game, and not having to travel anywhere for this game.
Zee N Jason Farmer::we have 20 b2b this year, heat and bulls 17 each so needd rest definitely
Josh Strouth::Zee N Jason Farmer, and all three of the Pacers losses so far have been on the second half of a back-to-back on the road, they're undefeated on normal rest.
Scott Hall::Other than ALan Ogg it is nice to see the Heat trolls disappear for awhile
Alan Ogg::i think you and I are closer than your girlfriend. you give her no attention man.
Scott Hall::Alan Ogg Straight bud. Take your game elsewhere
Jonah Swidan::Scott Hall wow I think you just got hit on Scott, I had the impression Ogg was a cock craver but now he just admitted it.  Good for him, good for him
Corey Pyle::Bored at work, I looked back into a lot of the marquee games so far this year... the Pacers/Heat game BY FAR had the most comments. The closest ones I found were Pacers/Bulls (1,200+), Pacers/Knicks (1,100) and Heat vs. Bulls at over 1,000.   It's funny how much sh*t some people talk about how "boring" the Pacers are etc etc. These stats say otherwise. And their game with the Heat was the most watched program on NBATV of all-time. Yeah, this isn't a rivalry........
Alan Ogg::sounds like a BIG Loser to me.
Corey Pyle::Alan Ogg Still waiting for one of your comments to make sense but you never disappoint :)  You and Jeff Ariano may have the longest "streaks" in the history of message boards. Keep it going Alan! Never succumb to logic!
Corey Pyle::Alan Ogg Oh, and thanks for furthering my point by joining us against the...Bobcats. Yeah......
Thomas Brady::in the eastern conference, they should just play pacers-heat rest of the season in a best of 59 series.  winner plays the west!
Jonah Swidan::Now I don't ever take any win for granted with any team in the NBA, but this is a game where I would like to see the starters play less than 30 minutes this game.  We know Scola and Watson will be seeing decent playing time, but I hope players like OJ, Mahinmi, Copeland and S. Hill can give us good minutes tonight.  GO PACERS!
Jonah Swidan::Alex Doub true, but Vogel does have the tendency to keep the starters in with a 20+ point lead
Keith Haemmerle::Pacers show their depth. Hibbert and Lance both with dbl dbl's. This is a game the Pacers would have lost last year early in the season. Beat Detroit then go into Miami and let er rip...
Zee N Jason Farmer::no depth beyond starting 5 bench is as bad as last years
Mike Riddell::if you think the bench is not much improved you're as dumb as Alan Ogg.
Keith Haemmerle::Zee N Jason Farmer it's better than Miamis and that's all that matters..
Scott Hall::Allen Ogg calls Pacer fans losers, yet spends a Friday night trolling a message board. Ironic
Alan Ogg::ironic, you mention me. loser
Scott Hall::Alan Ogg 2 days later and he still is checking out the Pacers conversation
Alan Ogg::Scott Hall 2 days later and you still respond to me. loser
Jonah Swidan::As a Pacers fan, I'll give the Bobcats credit, they aren't a pushover team anymore.  Def improved but still a long way to go for them
Michael Vann Wilson::this years team is not the same team as years past
Jonah Swidan::Michael Vann Wilson basically what I just said above
Joe Strack::These are the games good teams don't let slip away. Solid win!
Jay Wahl::That's very true.. Bobcats aren't that bad actually.
Scott Hall::Winner Winner. 20-3
Adrian DiMarcantonio::hibbert > george.
Benny Thai Tran::You can't fix stupid!
Jonah Swidan::Benny Thai Tran I know right!!!  He's just scared about his pretty boy Lebron not getting MVP that's why
Benny Thai Tran::Alex Doub True that Alex!  I think many players will give up a MVP for a championship anytime.
Igor Yank::20-3
Roger Boyd::The Bobcats are much improved and played very well tonight. Look for Charlotte to make some noise in the playoffs. They remind me of the Pacers team from three years ago that gave the Bulls fits. The most amazing stat I heard on tonight's broadcast was that Indiana has had the best record in the league every single day so far this season.
GianFranco DeZola::What's going on with the Indiana Pacers..? at home..? against the bobcats..?   Good example how Vegas manipulate games lol.....Rigged lol
Jonah Swidan::Id just stop gambling if I were you
GianFranco DeZola::Jonah Swidan I don't gamble ... but I can see the logic on how bookies make money ;-)
Zee N Jason Farmer::Kavya Saraswat google tim donaghy refs do manipulate scores
Gennie Dovic::Good effort by Bobcats. Well done Pacers. First to 20 wins and in 23 tries!!! Excellent
Jonah Swidan::PG is off tonight, but all I care about is a WIN
Daymeon Craig::20-3
Alan Ogg::heat... 2012... 2013. and soon to be 2014 champs... next?
Jonah Swidan::Alan Ogg soon to lose in the ECF in 2014, and next?   Lebron leaves Miami and the Heat will be a lottery team
Zee N Jason Farmer::Jonah Swidan Alan ugly doesn't care he'll jump on the next bandwagon
Zee N Jason Farmer::Our bench got killed as usual, they play zero defense. Won't go anywhere in playoffs with the bench going -10 plus every game!!!!!!!!
Alan Ogg::wow the "best" team in the NBA beat the bobcats AT home by 5 points...  wow....  MJ Pippen and Rodman are probably puking.
Scott Hall::tougher time with them than the heat
Dick Mango::The Heat beat them by 1 ..
Alan Ogg::NBA really has died. besides the Heat and Maybe the Blazers...
Jody Hbk Jracula::Bobcats have been doing great.. If you watched their games, they been accurate with most of there recent games in shots.
Taylor Manes::As a bulls fan u pacers fans crack me up oh my God school that Miami heat bandwagoner...lol wow
Jay Wahl::??? Uhh okay..
Taylor Manes::No because Alan ogg is always on bulls articles and pacer and thunder articles talking about the heat..lol like go to the heat index..he gets on my nerves..
Jay Wahl::Taylor Manes  Oh got it .. sorry.
Jonah Swidan::Glad to see Butler out there, the dude his whole career can flat out shoot the ball
Benny Thai Tran::Pacers starting to clamp down on the Bobcats!
Zee N Jason Farmer::2nd quarter defense is killing us!!
Jason Peters::Pacers takers (-12) are sweating it...
Jay Wahl::McBob starts for these dudes?
John Allen::Yes how in the world does a d leaguer start for a competitive team?
