rel0627::Bob Johnson getting what he deserves for naming the team after him.
allstar8899::WOW DONT DOES BOBCATS SUCK!!!!!!!
workman47::Hansbrough is a maniac. I love that goofy white bast.ard.
Jeff072092::Charlotte fans... just something to think about.  http://www.change.org/petitions/we-beelieve-charlottetake-back-your-hornets-rename-charlottes-nba-franchise-the-hornets
Ruby6381::IND miss the last 2 fts tie the OVER UNER wtf
TheRubioLoveConnection::Bobcats have nothing going for them. This is a sad franchise. They should be moved to Seattle.
TheRubioLoveConnection::I do like Kemba though. Doubt he'll stay long.
WhiteChiliWhiteChili::pacers getting streaky
lshocket::Cougars?
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::good to see psycho t is back. hopefully anyways
cb12490::if you ever wanted false hope in a struggling post player this is the team you look forward to playing
pete23nba81::There is hope for the Bobcats. Plenty of franchises have had really bad seasons. Just a little luck and things turn around quickly. Gut the team further by getting rid of Maggette, Diaw, and load up on draft picks. Biyombo and Walker look like players for the future.
tris10blount::Jerry Richardson was head of the owners union, he knew 2 years prior that there would be a lockout hence why for two straight years he didn't sign a single free agent.  Unfortunately that hurt Fox's chances of staying with the team.  Looks to me like he did a really good job once he got to denver.      Now back to Bobcats basketball.  There really is only 3 players on this team that should stay beyond this season.  DJ Augustine, Kemba Walker, and Gerald Henderson.  I would say Bismark deserves a chance, but I want to see some consistency in his play first.  Everyone needs to go.   unless they get a really good free agent over the summer to play at the PF position, They need to draft Anthony Davis with the first pick if they get it. Both Davis and Biyombo in the paint and Charlotte could really start controlling the paint, blocking shots, and getting rebounds.  that starting lineup could look like this....  PG - Augustine SG - Walker SF - Henderson PF - Davis (with #1 pick possibly) C  - Biyombo
NCR8derSkinfan::John Fox wasn't that great of a coach, because the Panthers were alwasy good one yeat mediocrethe next, sad fate for the Broncos.. anyways I like the Davis pick for the Bobcats because this team needs post presence bad  I alwasy tell everyone this wouldn't have happened if instead of drafting Augustine they should have drafted one of the Lopez brothers or Hibbert.....but....im just a fan
cb12490::Not a question of financial commitment. The fact of the matter is in this NBA small markets have to suck before they get better. Jerry Richardson cut salary in 2010 with the Panthers to prepare for the lockout. They got Cam Newton. I'd say it was a good decision. :)
cb12490::mullens and williams as well but in the future i would like to see them come off the bench.
pete23nba81::I think they had to do what they did. They were more or less a luxury tax level team, that was finishing mid pack of the Eastern Conference. I think ownership WILL pay if they think it makes sense. Fortunately they have Rich Cho making most of the management decisions now, and MJ only needs to sign the checks.
cb12490::get rid of terrible contracts, first. steph curry, come on home in 3 years!
OFrog::Problem is it requires financial commitment by ownership. Not feeling that.
OFrog::Love your positive thinking.
jahmarcusRuss2::granger is the most bipolar mofo i have ever seen. what the hell is wrong with him
OFrog::He is having a very rough season, no doubt.
cb12490::And keep hating the Charlotte market all you want. The Bobcats are middle of the pack in NBA attendance, and that's alot more than this team deserves...
tris10blount::I remember when the hornets were in town.  Never made it past the second round of the playoffs, but boy did we ever lead the league in attendance for over 12 years.  Mind you, this was when Chicago was dominating the game winning 6 championships (including 70 win season).  The question was never the fan support.  And Jordan knows this.  He just needs to make a couple sound decisions this offseason and the fans will be there.  But that includes almost completely overhauling this roster.  Bye-bye tyrus thomas, Boris Diaw, DJ white, Derrick Brown, and Correy Maggette.   Basically anyone not named Augustine, Walker, Henderson, or Biyombo.
cb12490::this message is mostly for the trolls who get on here after every Bobcats loss and somehow want to indirectly blame court performance on the number of butts in the seats.
OFrog::Some of the best hoops fans in the world are on tobacco road.
OFrog::Someone hates the Charlotte market?
cb12490::The tone of the Associated Press articles gets more and more frustrated with each confirmation of Bobcats futility.  As a fan, I can appreciate that.
sharar09::Hansbrough showin off in front of the most famous UNC alumn!!!
OFrog::And who is that?
WhiteChiliWhiteChili::yeah, Michael Jordan totally sucks.
dougcoats::shammond williams, duh (no clue if he was actually there)
longbeach49ersPacerfan31::lmao
j_will09::Is there a reason George only played 18 min.? Didn't get to see the game.
HoofiusRex::Pycho Teeeeeee
OFrog::Generally speaking the starters stunk it up in both effort and results. Maybe a carryover from last night. The bench came in and rocked. They played, the starters sat.
j_will09::I see.  I was a little worried he was injured since his stats didn't seem too bad.  But we won so I can't really complain.
Trubluemountaineer::Wonder if Stern will give us the ENTIRE DRAFT!
tris10blount::touche
Taco with a Q::Their is a better chance of Stern taking away the draft pick cause he feels like doing so
lukep1123::at least biznatch biyombo had a good night
Trubluemountaineer::Bismack and Kemba are awesome but the rest aren't  fit to even be backups on this garbage team! Im a Cats fan but my House Cats need house trained!
yerktekredneck::No argument with that here. Don't really follow college basketball outside of the final four, so I'm not really that familiar with Davis, though I hear he's about the best one coming out. Having a two-headed monster inside could turn out to be very good. Only thing is we've gotta have someone who can score 25 per night to be competitive in this league now. Walker may be that person. He does it about every third or fourth game. Just gotta ensure that he's not going to follow up a 25 point game with a 5 point game day in and day out. Though with him having played in the league all of a couple of months, I'm sure he'll figure it out sooner rather than later.
tris10blount::Actually I see it differently.  Draft Anthony Davis with the pick, then have a lineup like this  PG - Augustine SG - Walker SF - Henderson PF - Davis C - Biyombo  davis and biyombo can rotate those two spots, and that will give charlotte a legitimate power in the paint.  Kemba can shoot, granted he's still not a great shooter yet but that will come.  Davis and Biyomb downlow will be able to grab rebound after rebound.      Anybody  else on this current roster needs to go.
yerktekredneck::Biggest issue the team has right now is a simple lack of talent/depth. As a Bobcats guy, it's hard for me to say it, but the team is composed of a bench full of D-league guys (carroll, diop, mullens, najera), a couple of underachievers (Thomas, Brown), and a few misc. role player-quality guys (Augustine, Henderson, Diaw), Magette, who's on the downside of his career, and the two rookies that have potential, but are just stuck in the middle. Give the Bobcats a legit center, slide Biyombo to PF, maybe put Henderson at SG, slide Diaw and Thomas to 6th and 7th in the rotation, and you'd have a really sold foundation to build on, but when your main rotation is a couple of rookies and role players, backed up by the D-League, these are the results that will come.
NCR8derSkinfan::drop Diaw hes too inconsistant
yerktekredneck::Amen on Bismack.  Kemba, the jury is still out on. He can score at will one night and won't break 5 pts the next, so we'll see where he goes as he gains experience. Bismack, on the otherhand  is going to be a very good player. He's not going to score 30 per night, but he'll be one of the most well rounded guys in the league. He can already play superb defense and gets plenty of rebounds. Once he begins to develop a little more consistent offensive game, he'll probably be average 15 pts, 12-15 rebounds, and 3 blocks for the next 8 or 9 years. Gotta admit that when they drafted him, I was expecting another project-turned-bust, but for no more development than he's had, he has been very good.
OFrog::Yup, hard to say on Kemba, very tough when surrounded by nothing. Bis is the only true keeper with no reservations. Which means Jordan will trade him before paying him.
joshuaizme::Adam Morrison could probably lead this Bobcats team in scoring......and rebounds......and assists......and steals.......and blocks..........and turnovers.......and missed fg attempts..........
NCR8derSkinfan::LMAO
Taco with a Q::Neat-O stat of the night....Lou Amundson with 12 rebounds tonight off the bench
joshuaizme::Ok, this Bobcats team is now officially the WORST TEAM EVER! Not because they lost to the Pacers, the Pacers, though inconsistent are good. BUT the Bobcats just let TYLER HANSBROUGH SCORE 22! THAT is pathetic.
OFrog::Little trivia for gamblers and, Pacers have covered 2 games in last 11, opponent, Bobcats.
OFrog::To think Tyler was an afterthought deep on the bench last season.
nblucas97::Note: For half of the season.
Cappiethedog::Taco with a "k" in Hawaii is raw octopus.
OFrog::Mahalo.
chs_Mr_rob::F u c !&lt; hibbert didnt play the whole forth and i needed him to get a double-double for my fantasy NOOO!!!!!!!!!!
chs_Mr_rob::OFrog hibbert played the whole game last night against the bobcats and had 18 points and 14 reb when the knicks played them earlier in the year melo had 32 pnts 6 reb and 5 ast when the heat played the cats lebron had 35 pnts 6 reb and 7 ast melo and lebron both played through the forth so before you say something stupid get your facts straight and ive seen many teams good or bad come back from 10 points
OFrog::Are you talking about yourself again?  When someone says the entire game I'm thinking all of the minutes. And again, please tell me about all of these Bobcat comebacks? Have they ever really had one this season in any of their 4 wins?
chs_Mr_rob::game 1 against The Bucks they came back from double digit points and any idiot could tell that by whole game i meant all quarters. but i guess i shouldnt expect anything less then sarcasm from someone who knows nothing about basketball
OFrog::Hibbert played a lot of minutes last night because it was tight, the entire time and they needed him out there. And since he did play the a lot last night you have to figure it is paramount to get him some rest vs. an overmatched opponent tonight. Please tell me about all of these bobcat comebacks. I have to ask you this if Hibbert had 39 minutes in a 53 minute game, did he really play the entire game fantasy man?
Taco with a Q::Sorry about your stats CHS....but playing Hibs in the 4th would of been foolish being up by 10 to start the 4th
OFrog::100% correct.
OFrog::And your telling me I don't know hoops? You think any teams starters are going to get stats vs. the bobcats?
Denis2224::when hansbrough and biyombo are your top performers, you know it was a bad game.
Taco with a Q::must be a Duke fan
joshuaizme::When Hansbrough scores more than 10, you know it's a bad game, lol
mwlevine::No excuse for the Pacers having to go to OT on the Hornets. Their team is decimated by injuries. Pacers should have come out better last night. Good 4 game run though to take some of the sting out of the 5 games slide...
Taco with a Q::Hornets beat the Knicks as well
raaaj989::the hornets are beating cleveland tonight also,the team that beat the pacers in there 5 game slide
OFrog::Hornets actually playing better ball with injured players out. Monty is doing a decent job in a no win spot. That roster is almost 100% turned over.
Taco with a Q::I was at the game last night and the Hornets were making unreal shots...even contested shots were just going down...especially in the first quarter
spear_mccoy::the spread was so wrong on this game - rarely does Vegas give away free money
OFrog::Did you miss Blazers last night?
Taco with a Q::no starter for the Pacers has more than 12 points....UNREAL!!   Last night Pacers bench only had 19 points all together
chs_Mr_rob::$@%
Taco with a Q::My point all together is how the Pacers have players that can have a good or bad game at any given night
Taco with a Q::Which is even more astounding no Pacer starter had over 12 points...West nor Hibbert broke double digits
OFrog::My point is anyone can look good against the Bobcats.
chs_Mr_rob::wtf hornets are still $@%
Taco with a Q::That was totally irrelevant with what I said
OFrog::Except they played the Hornets last night...
OFrog::Hornets are not the Bobcats. Indy was lucky to win that game.
OFrog::Yup, I barely covered that +11. But Hornets are thin and played at OKC night before.
Taco with a Q::Indy opened a can of whoop $@% in OT...too bad they didnt do that at the start of the game
OFrog::yes, Hornets played Indy even almost entire game.
chs_Mr_rob::no
Taco with a Q::Thats true...Ill give you that
OFrog::They pop a trey instead of that long 2 and they win last night's game.
chs_Mr_rob::you obviously do not know anything about basketball if you think the hornets could of beat indy please leave these forums
Lerobin_::mj will probably sign greg oden when he gets released..
OFrog::He extended with Blazers for nothing. He is loyal to them, whether that is good or bad.
joshuaizme::Not the Bobcats fault. It is the same thing with cities like Toronto, New Orleans, Sacremento, Washington....etc.... No one wants to go there because everyone is now teaming up in New York, Miami, and LA.
Cappiethedog::Would the general manager get booed were he to walk through the arena?
OFrog::I was at a game once where some front row fans had a sign criticizing the GM. The sign was taken away and they were escorted out. i
rlutzko::by question is how the hell did the pacers loose the first quarter?
Taco with a Q::they usually do start off slow
rlutzko::**my
adisaacson83::Pacers -5 in this game was a lock
neozeak::Bobcats should put Steve Smith in.  At least he'll jump high and perhaps punch someone.
jc12321::am i the only one that voted cory maggette for all star game ?
OFrog::Maybe you and his mom.
Cappiethedog::Are there any bright spots on this Charlotte team?
Taco with a Q::What about Henderson?
OFrog::None. The black hole of the NBA.
OFrog::That is a great question. Give Kemba another season. Maggette is overpaid and spent. Wallace was the glue guy on this team. Diop is a overpaid project. Just a brutal gutted roster.
Cappiethedog::What players would you not mind seeing on next year's roster?
neozeak::The upcoming draft
OFrog::Are there any Kwame's available?
Michael Jeffrey Jordan 23::Dammit, My Bobcats getting blown out again!!!!!!!!
OFrog::And again, and again, and again.
mwlevine::Hill and Foster injurys has been good in one aspect. Lots of minutes for Price Jones and Amundson and they are starting to do things inside small minutes. Put Hill and Fosters rebounding and keep Tyler going and we'll have a lot of options come playoffs....
Taco with a Q::I agree with what your saying MW.  Price has shown us why he backed up Collison last year.  Ive always like Price as our 2nd string PG
OFrog::Great beating up the Bobcats, easy to forget that recent 5 game losing streak.
nblucas97::That was the only losing streak of the season.
jc12321::dont be hatin
huffdaddymayne::do't get too hyped man... we got ways to go and this is the worst team in the league
jc12321::http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/news/story?id=6155334
OFrog::Slash that payroll. Worst owner in NBA. Worse than MaGoofs.
Cappiethedog::Do you think Kemba Walker will eventually become a good point guard?
chs_Mr_rob::no cause he doesnt know how to set up his team to score, he only knows how to score himself( and he is not to good at that either)
OFrog::No.
jc12321::i dont care if its the bobcats, our 2nd unit looks a lot better w/ hill
OFrog::It's the Bobcats, correction Bobkittens.
OFrog::Not about hate, they are just a D league team with a D league roster, leading the NBA in getting blown out and losing streaks.
jc12321::dont be hatin
OFrog::The Bobkittens are one of the worst NBA squads I have ever seen, and they did not lose Lebron and get back nothing. Jordan is a disgrace.
Talentsojhin::Because our last GM was a complete piece of dog $@%!.
huffdaddymayne::why'd he give up wallace for nothing?
OFrog::Jordan wants minimum payroll. Same reason Jackson was dealt. Get a high salary on a Jordan team, pack your bags.
Talentsojhin::Honestly if this team is going to give up in the second half just be down by $@%!$@% 20 at the half so we can not get any hope built up.
Talentsojhin::No I thought we would be competitive.
huffdaddymayne::you were competitive through most of the 3rd... ill give you that
huffdaddymayne::you thought you were going to win? you're team has won 4 of their first 31 and you had hope they'd beat a team who smacked them by 40 this week?
OFrog::Hey Buckleyc2, still waiting on those outs, just name a few, make me a believer. Not that anyone would lie on this forum or anything. Or falsely brag about making 10's of thousands.
rockies7196::Tyler is a beast in this game
blazers3333333::cleveland, new jersey, charlotte, new orleans, and now charlotte again. sucha hard stretch for the pacers
mwlevine::Chicago played all these teams in a row too stop crying
Taco with a Q::Good!! Maybe you'll stop trolling the boards now
Taco with a Q::yet the Pacers have beat a majority of the teams in the West when they played.....so honestly before you cry like a little baby stop making the Pacers schedule as a weak excuse
OFrog::That is true, 6-3 against Western Conference.
blazers3333333::ooooh struck a nerve
blazers3333333::sorry, too much sarcasm. the point: your conference is a joke and your record is vastly overinflated
huffdaddymayne::want some cheese with that whine?
Taco with a Q::your point?
OFrog::They are beating the NBA's worst. Nice way to end 5 game losing streak.
huffdaddymayne::Boris Diaw is 1 reb, 2 assists, and 3 buckets away from a triple-dbl... not gonna hapen tho
Dirk is my Supreme Chancellor::Psycho T always plays hard
huffdaddymayne::if he didn't play hard he wouldn't be in the league. most of his good plays are hustle plays
Taco with a Q::Nice to see Tyler with a good game
irishindy123::GIVE THE DAMN BALL TO HIBBERT
