Kobe_in_my_team::«One day i will be a closer like Kobe»  -Lebron James
lamriverside7::not good lost for lakers!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6avHXtJPt88
Go-LaKers::Why is it when KD is compared to the Mamba, we just laugh it off as kinda like a light banter and doesn't  create any animosity between OKC and LA fans. But when that King from Miami is mentioned, it riles, angers, irritates and stirs up emotions from us Lakers fans.
DidYouSeeThat36::Because in the past KD wasn't seen as a threat to LA.  Lebron in some ways has been.
UMfanforlife24::kobe, kobe, kobe... not somebody you want to be the LEADER of your basketball team. If he knew what was good for the team he would have had coach browns back instead of trying to understand andrew Bynum taking threes. anybody who has half a brain should know that Andrew bynum taking 3s will not help your team win.. hes just angry that he got benched and can't handle it.. because hes kobe.. everybody should bow down to him...NOT! Pau Gasol should be the leader of the team, atleast he knows whats good for the team.
sutherlacd27::kobe never complained once about that benching.  he stood by his coach actually.  so wtf are you talking about?
UMfanforlife24::what are you talking about? he even said he didn't agree with how bynums was handled.
DidYouSeeThat36::Agree no issue there.  As a matter of fact, I saw it as maintaining chemistry on the court, supporting his teammate.  I do not remember him saying anything about disagreeing with Brown in his or Bynum's benchings.
sutherlacd27::i saw what he said about bynum.  i dont see an issue with it
UMfanforlife24::not about bynums.. He acted like he understood where he was coming from, which is inexcusable. Andrew bynum should not be taking threes and he certainly didn' t discourage it.. Your right about his benching he stood by his coach. Why don't you read the top stories on NBA and you'll know what i'm talking about.
__BRANDO__::Kobe THE CLOSER Bryant
ChuckRoge::The only people that think Kobe is the best closer are delusional Kobe fans.
greenstreet4::Who would you call a better closer in the game right now?
sutherlacd27::so youre saying the majority of nba players and coaches are delusional kobe fans too?
kidmandavid::nice
Raiders-707::Kobe just proved last night that he is the best close in the game
AceVenturaMavsCoach::Against the Warrirors without 4 players?? tell me your joking
sutherlacd27::no matter who was on the floor he was going to make those shots.  his ability to make them doesnt change.
Amaze76er::Love being a laker fan...too bad u haters cant feel the same...lmao
Amaze76er::Look we have a 12year old lebrick fan...Zach1965
ZachC1965::Kobe shot 9 for 24 and is just kind of stinking it up on a regular basis this year...  Also, LA took 16 more FTs than the W's...every game they take from 10-30 more FTs than the other team...  It's how the league keeps 'em relevant. This team would be about 22-28 with legit officiating...
italianmamba24::funny you mention FTA    did you watch the game last night and listen to the GSW announcers?  they never once complained about any of the fouls on Kobe   matter fact i dont remember any complaints at all
kidmandavid::you're a $@%!
kidmandavid::$@%! YOU ZachC1965 :)
DidYouSeeThat36::What? are you telling me his agrument is one sided, just defending his hate?
eightbitme::The Lakers also outrebounded the Warriors, 52 to 35.  I find it interesting that you left out the one stat that the refs really have no control of.  :-)
phx090::U probably know more about Kobe or the Lakers than u do ur favorite team. We are third in the West, slowly creppin up on a good Spurs team. All while having "THE MOST OVERRATED PLAYER EVER". lol, get a life
sutherlacd27::kobe scored 30 points on 24 shots.  ill take that all day.  im so tired of fg% arguments.  if a player shoots 50% but never gets to the line and has no 3s they score 1 pt per shot.  kobes scoring over 1 pt per shot.  fg% is one of the most overrated stats there is.
phx090::so true
Amaze76er::Kobe does it again...6points in the last minute..last time lebrick had 6points in the last minute and won the game was in 09 in cleveland...lmao
ZachC1965::Kobe 'does it again'..? Not even a good game...  James is so far past Bryant in the MVP race it's not even funny...
eightbitme::MVP race lol.  His teammates want a ring.  Something that they all would receive. :- )
kobe-4-president::bynum is gettin real anoyin now...i could understand if it was a 20 point lead but we are up by 6 n they were growin in confidence, bynum needs to grow up,  but i guess thats what money can do to u,cause hes got money and a house he thinks hes a grown asz man im glad kobe took over and showed him what  a true super star looks like
DidYouSeeThat36::Bynum is a big part of their future, but Kobe is still a plus
123SAMMYG123::what? have u gone insane
ZachC1965::Kobe hasn't been a superstar for years...  43% shooting and so many awful nights...  It's fair to say Bynum's a more valuable part of the team now...
kidmandavid::FI_ICK u
kidmandavid::$@% you
avasilev::God, Bynum is pissing me off. How does he not understand getting benched for that stupid shot?
Charles55213::Kobe Bean Bryant
Axshoun2323::Bitchesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss (((: .
j.cupps12::i don't get it, i really don't.  kobe is 7-22 and makes 2 shots in a row and he is god?  kobe has attempted more game winners than anyone in the history of the NBA with 115 FGA.  he has made 36 of them.  this just goes to show he is a gunner no matter how much time is left in the game.  if anyone shoots 115 times in those situations they are bound to make a few of them.  selfish and overrated.  btw the next closest player to his 115 attempts is vince carter with 96.
123SAMMYG123::are u serious buddy? u know how many times fisher and robert horry took that last shot because kobe was doubled, look up your stuff before u say dumb $@%!
edelspot::Hey cupps...you got a link or website I can check on those game winning stats? Just asking. Not trying to hate or hug kobe. Just curious. Personally I'd take rose, Durant, wade, CP3 to name a few.
phx090::CRY ME AN F'N RIVER. ur a little crybaby, Wahh, Kobe shoots to much, Wahh, Waaaahhhh.   In a night like this when Bynum is sucking A.ss. Kobe has to shoot alot. Gey over it, he hit 2 clutch shots.
kobe-4-president::why dont u watch a feckin game for a change and then ask why we give him the ball in the last seconds ignorant donkey with ur lame stats the only stat the matters is W and we got that oh and by the way we were losin when kobe hit a bucket with 64 seconds left to tie it with 2 defenders on him and 1 more to take the lead thats why hes the best closer in the game, i bet u never even seen a laker game in ur life just the highlights on sc
ACandOJ::Other than Fish or Big Shot Bob wide open...Kobe over a double team is better than anything the Lakers have had since Glen Rice was there
ZachC1965::Yes,  a Kobe heave from 20 with two guys on him is better than a dunk from Gasol or Bynum...  Wow, Kobrick fans are borderline delusional...
j.cupps12::but i mean there have been times bynum or gasol are wide open and kobe just forces it anyway.  i just feel like he never trusts his teammates.  i know fish and horry were beasts but an NBA player wide open is a higher percentage shot than a fadeaway over a double team.
j.cupps12::i may actually take dirk if he is gonna play out of his mind like last year's playoffs. LOL  that dude didn't miss anything
j.cupps12::lol yeah i agree completely.  i guess what i am trying to say is i wish kobe would make better decisions in those situations than whether he takes the shot or not.  he just forces it a lot and sometimes it really hurts his team
DL_0521::He didn't but i think that was a once in a lifetime thing for ANYONE lol
DL_0521::yes I get that I don't like when he does that either but I mean in one on one situations who would you give it to in the league besides him that can take the shot over him
DL_0521::I respect your opinion but for me If I just needed one shot I'd probably take Kobe
j.cupps12::honestly i would take chris paul or durant.  i say that because they are both great at scoring the basketball but no matter what they will make the best play for their TEAM.  whether that means them scoring of passing to an open teammate
j.cupps12::if its 1 on 1 i kind of understand but when 2 or 3 guys are all over him and he still jacks up some horse sh.it shot that just = selfish
DL_0521::who in the league are you giving it to then with the game on the line
j.cupps12::how about an open teammate when kobe is triple teamed?  you know he is gonna shoot it no matter what.  i dont even know why the other team guards the other 4 players.  its just the wrong way to play basketball.  kobe double and triple teamed is a much worse shot than anyone else on the floor who is wide open.  no matter if their name is kobe bryant or not.
Jai22T::Kobe the closer does it AGAIN
ZachC1965::shooting 43% and just kind of washed up at this point...  kobe should tip the refs every game...they keep him relevant via 8-10 unwarranted FTs every single game...
kidmandavid::he totally got fouled a butt ton :)
hwsparks::Again???  You mean, he finally gets one.
sutherlacd27::how about the game against the raptors?  game tying shot to send it into OT against the pistons?  theres another 1-2 games this year as well
brycemo22::after being a cancerous 7-21. I would much rather have someone else on the team
brycemo22::7-22
JackHellas::best closer ever
SkyR360::Not named Jordan or Bird
j.cupps12::http://espn.go.com/blog/TrueHoop/post/_/id/24200/the-truth-about-kobe-bryant-in-crunch-time?prosaction=newpost&amp;status=ok&amp;status=ok
j.cupps12::HAH!
__BRANDO__::"Kobe Closes"  enough said
aaronernest504::I am wearing a hoodie, talking to my girlfriend.  I am 17 years old and weigh 140 LBS.  As I am walking at night, a 28 year old man jumps out of his truck, he weighs twice what I do and is yelling at me.  I have a pack of skittles and an ice tea in my pocket.  He has a gun in his pocket.  Minutes later the 140LB kid is dead, his weapons of an ice tea and skittles are still in his pocket.  Friends of Zimmerman, the cops(Zimmerman it was common knowledge wanted to be a cop)  Do not do a GSR, Gun Shot Residue  Do not take his clothes as evidence  Do not take him in  Do not arrest him  Do not take his gun  Do not take his blood for a drug test  They do let him go  They believe whatever he says  Fact---Police chief is gone and officers involved can kiss their incompetent cop careers goodbye.  Fact---They took the dead guys blood for tests not the shooter,this alone will doom these idiots from ever putting on a badge again.  Fact---Cops ignored witnesses that did not agree with their accounts.
MR0908::Zimmerman sure sounds Latino
LakersRule2008::Zimmerman is a jerk, but why are we talking about this jerk here????
omgliteamatch::can't argue with all that - those latinos certainly are racist.
jeremylin2013allstarstarteroverrose::I am wearing a hoodie, talking to my girlfriend. I am 17 years old and weigh 140 LBS. As I am walking at night, a 28 year old man jumps out of his truck, he weighs twice what I do and is yelling at me. I have a pack of skittles and an ice tea in my pocket. He has a gun in his pocket. Minutes later the 140LB kid is dead, his weapons of an ice tea and skittles are still in his pocket. Friends of Zimmerman, the cops(Zimmerman it was common knowledge wanted to be a cop) Do not do a GSR, Gun Shot Residue Do not take his clothes as evidence Do not take him in Do not arrest him Do not take his gun Do not take his blood for a drug test They do let him go They believe whatever he says Fact---Police chief is gone and officers involved can kiss their incompetent cop careers goodbye. Fact---They took the dead guys blood for tests not the shooter,this alone will doom these idiots from ever putting on a badge again. Fact---Cops ignored witnesses that did not agree with their accounts.     IF TRAVON HAD A GUN AND SHOT ZIMMERMAN, WOULD HE HAVE BEEN WITHIN HIS RIGHTS UNDER STAND YOUR GROUND?
Thunderjunky86::well I'm outta here now. I'm going to go feed my chickens, milk some cows, and shoot at some indians. (damn indians ) you guys have fun in hollywood now you hear? peace.
aaronernest504::lmao
ACandOJ::Watch those guys crawling in your window at night....
kidmandavid::#1 comment of the day
Thunderjunky86::thats a good idea MAYBE seattle needs to go inquire about the hornets???
Thunderjunky86::don't get me wrong I will be rooting for the lakers if somehow they have to come across the spurz in the playoffs. i would rather see you lakers then  those spurz
Thunderjunky86::I think seattle fans need to put the effort they have on hating OKC and put that effort in trying to get a new team. just being honest. YOUR not getting them back obviously so stop complaining and GO out and get a new team, make sense?
aaronernest504::IM FROM NEW ORLEANS AND WHEN WE WERE THE THE OKC HORNETS THAT WAS PRETTY TIGHT
aaronernest504::THUNDER @ LAKERS 10:30ET TOMORROW OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO WESTERN CONFERENCE FINALS PREVIEW
aaronernest504::THEY ARE NOT #2 IN THE WEST FOR NOTHING AND PLUS THEY HAD THE BEST RECORD IN THE WEST LAST YR BUT MANU GOT HURT
ACandOJ::Why would anyone be worried about the Spurs?? Aren't we about 5 years late being worried about them??
Thunderjunky86::was that a serious question?
aaronernest504::ME TO DONT WANT TO SEE THE SPURS THERE  AND NO OTHER TEAM REALLY HAS A CHANCE TO BEAT THE BULLS OR HEAT
Thunderjunky86::what was this^^
Thunderjunky86::I would like that honestly
Thunderjunky86::would keep us away from the spurz lol
Thunderjunky86::just fyi seattle fans OKC currently has the 3rd highest attendance sheet in the NBA. (loud city) we averaged 8% higher attendance then with your seattle supersonics. Don't get me wrong I feel for you bro. i understand your upset   BUT YOUR TEAM AND OWNERS ARE HAPPIER IN OKC. get over it now and try working on getting a new team
Thunderjunky86::THAT IS WHAT happened. OWNER asked for money from the city of portland to renovate and RENEW stadium plans, and when he could not get them approved, and when turned down by the city of portland to get the money for these renovation. he said FINE WE ARE MOVING.
kidmandavid::STARBUCKS killed the SONICS. SONICSgate is REAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AlaskaHawks::You're daft.
kidmandavid::WHOA R U BRITISH TOO?
Thunderjunky86::aaronernest  I FEEL HONORED  you would waste that many words on me to prove a point lol
aaronernest504::no prob lol lol lol
boom.shaka.::I think you have a cyber stalker.
Thunderjunky86::I think so too lol
AlaskaHawks::ThunderJunky, you need to watch this. You're horribly uninformed. http://sonicsgate.org/movie/
kidmandavid::ITS REAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
aaronernest504::please yall thunderjunky86 is getting everything he or she says from espn first take but you call me a fake fan how about you make up your own darn opinions  "owner picked bynum . Brown will be gone before bynum. you can take that to the bank"  "Lakers traded odom for cookies and milk" both statements said by stephen A smith on espn first take this morning DA kiddd   i watch TV ya know...more
aaronernest504::.
kidmandavid::HECKA CREEPY^
Thunderjunky86::did you make sure to have your wheates as well this morning??
Thunderjunky86::didn't know that :) shows you i don't eat wheaties
kidmandavid::DAMNIT MAN ITS WHEATIES!! WITH AN I
Thunderjunky86::Im right
aaronernest504::nahh it was a case of hiting post to may times #slowcomputerproblems
AlaskaHawks::Don't spam.
aaronernest504::please yall thunderjunky86 is getting everything he or she says from espn first take but you call me a fake fan how about you make up your own darn opinions  "owner picked bynum . Brown will be gone before bynum. you can take that to the bank"  "Lakers traded odom for cookies and milk" both statements said by stephen A smith on espn first take this morning DA kiddd   i watch TV ya know...more
aaronernest504::please yall thunderjunky86 is getting everything he or she says from espn first take but you call me a fake fan how about you make up your own darn opinions  "owner picked bynum . Brown will be gone before bynum. you can take that to the bank"  "Lakers traded odom for cookies and milk" both statements said by stephen A smith on espn first take this morning DA kiddd   i watch TV ya know...more
Thunderjunky86::I feel sad for seattle I feel like OKC stole there woman, and Now she is even happier lol  and not to mention seahawks look like there on the way out. Maybe OKC will take your BIRD too lol.  FYI seattle does have the highest suicide rate in the country.   why is that? i have been to portland and i think its a very nice place. people actually do things outside
Thunderjunky86::are you daft?  seattle did not want to pay for new arena. You could not afford it, and team moved to a bigger better arena with people willing to PAY FOR THERE TEAM. GET OVER IT ALREADY.  THIS HAPPEND FIVE YEARS AGO LOL
kidmandavid::r u british?
kidmandavid::SONICSgate is real
AlaskaHawks::Seahawks on the way out? ROFL! You're such a troll. That stadium is beyond packed every week, and that city LOVES it's Seahawks and loved the Sonics. Don't kid yourself, your shady owner stole this team, Seattle didn't give them up.
boom.shaka.::Thunderjunky86's sister is hot.  Hook a brother up.
Thunderjunky86::probably lol  be seriously messing with me is one thing. but don't start talking about peoples wives. its just not cool
kidmandavid::NICE ONE
Thunderjunky86::thats my wife bro. be classy please :)  but its cool.
ACandOJ::maybe she was fulfilling his fantasy about a man sneaking in his window &amp; giving him the meat.  Man, I wouldn't sit on any furniture at his apt...
boom.shaka.::All joking aside...my wife's sister is SMOKIN hot.  I have to be careful when she's around or I'll get my cranium cracked.
AlaskaHawks::She can fit a beer can in her mouth, too.
Thunderjunky86::I don't need you to like my comments. i can like my own comments.
aaronernest504::please yall thunderjunky86 is getting everything he or she says from espn first take but you call me a fake fan how about you make up your own darn opinions  "owner picked bynum . Brown will be gone before bynum. you can take that to the bank"  "Lakers traded odom for cookies and milk" both statements said by stephen A smith on espn first take this morning DA kiddd   i watch TV ya know...more
aaronernest504::please yall thunderjunky86 is getting everything he or she says from espn first take but you call me a fake fan how about you make up your own darn opinions  "owner picked bynum . Brown will be gone before bynum. you can take that to the bank"  "Lakers traded odom for cookies and milk" both statements said by stephen A smith on espn first take this morning DA kiddd   i watch TV ya know...more
AlaskaHawks::Thanks for the link Frank. I hope Seattle gets those teams!
FrankPistachio211::Yessir!
aaronernest504::please yall thunderjunky86 is getting everything he or she says from espn first take but you call me a fake fan how about you make up your own $@%!!n opinions "owner picked bynum .  Brown will be gone before bynum. you can take that to the bank" "Lakers traded odom for cookies and milk"  both statements said by stephen A smith on espn first take this morning DA kiddd  i watch TV ya know
kidmandavid::I NOTICED THAT TOO!! WE SHOULD CHILL SOMETIME
clippsallday::Ball so hard mothafukkas wonna fine me, but first n!gg@$ gotta find me
Thunderjunky86::owner picked bynum .  Brown will be gone before bynum. you can take that to the bank
aaronernest504::please yall thunderjunky86 is getting everything he or she says from espn first take but you call me a fake fan how about you make up your own darn opinions  "owner picked bynum . Brown will be gone before bynum. you can take that to the bank"  "Lakers traded odom for cookies and milk" both statements said by stephen A smith on espn first take this morning DA kiddd   i watch TV ya know...more
aaronernest504::stole that from stephen a smith thunder junky is a joke lol
boom.shaka.::Owner picked Brown too.  Owner also refused to label Bynum as "untradeable" when given the chance last week in an interview.
AlaskaHawks::After hearing Bynum Post-game last night, I have little hope for postseason success. That kid is a clown. I hope somebody sets him straight.
elibird123::It was sicken watching him sitting there, smug and laughing and smiling while his team was being pressed by the Warriors.
Irate Customer::He's just young and immature, nothing more nothing less.  Vets will step in and verbally get him straightened out.
elibird123::I'm not sure, if vets can verbally correct this.
Thunderjunky86::yeah i hate to say this but i agree. I don't understand. With a kid with this much upside and talent act like that is way beyond bad
FrankPistachio211::I missed the 1st 3 quarters last night. What happened?
FrankPistachio211::Actually, come to think of it, I DID see him take that shot. What a maroon.
AlaskaHawks::He said that next time he shoots one, he hopes the result is different, but he wasn't going to quit shooting them just from being benched.
FrankPistachio211::LMMFAO!! What?!?!? Wow, he is a clown for saying something stupid like that.
AlaskaHawks::Bynum jacked up a 3, Brown benched him. After the game, Bynum said he didn't see what the big deal was and that he was going to continue to shoot them.
MW3_Sux::Kobe and Las #1. U mad bro?
Thunderjunky86::LETS ALL BE HONEST WITH OURSELVES. WE ARE ALL HERE TO GET LIKED :)
aaronernest504::please yall thunderjunky86 is getting everything he or she says from espn first take but you call me a fake fan how about you make up your own darn opinions  "owner picked bynum . Brown will be gone before bynum. you can take that to the bank"  "Lakers traded odom for cookies and milk" both statements said by stephen A smith on espn first take this morning DA kiddd   i watch TV ya know...more
Roi23::shut the **** up
Thunderjunky86::mad bro?
boom.shaka.::I used to like myself.  Then I went blind :(
Thunderjunky86::thats funny
AlaskaHawks::Nope, here to attempt to discuss basketball. I couldn't care less if I ever get any likes.
Thunderjunky86::please like this if your a REAL LAKER FAN WITH REALISTIC VIEWS OF YOUR TEAM.  (aaronearnest need not to push the button)
aaronernest504::please yall thunderjunky86 is getting everything he or she says from espn first take but you call me a fake fan how about you make up your own darn opinions  "owner picked bynum . Brown will be gone before bynum. you can take that to the bank"  "Lakers traded odom for cookies and milk" both statements said by stephen A smith on espn first take this morning DA kiddd   i watch TV ya know...more
aaronernest504::YOU SPELLED MY NAME WRONG :(
aaronernest504::HEYYY I PUSHED IT
Scalabrine FOR THE WIN::Kitchen is that way ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- &gt;
Thunderjunky86::i have been trying to tell her that for years then i get punched
AlaskaHawks::Please go to facebook to fish for likes.
Thunderjunky86::lol wow one? so all of the rest are bubble fans? thats hard to believe
Thunderjunky86::very weak point. being realistic has nothing to do with a certain amount of time frame.
sokal-surf::Can't someone say the same about all OKC fans?  They didn't exist a few years ago...
kidmandavid::I LIKE THIS
kidmandavid::MOST HATED GRAMMAR TROLL IN THE GAME!!! NOW I'M MOST HATED LIKE THUNDERBITCH86!!!!
kidmandavid::HE CALLED MY FRIENDS STUPID THEREFORE THIS A LEGAL TROLLING!! THANKS COMMISH
kidmandavid::bffs?
boom.shaka.::Then I approve of this post -- for trolling reasons.
FrankPistachio211::You forgot me, bro.
elibird123::Keep working your way to xxxhawk, zach, heatster, and pablo status and then my son, you will have arrived to elite annoying level of most vile
kidmandavid::BFFS?
boom.shaka.::You can legally troll grammar if somebody calls somebody else "stupid" or an "idiot".  Otherwise it's really cheesy.  Trust me...I looked it up
LakersRule2008::Why are the LAKERS using that crap off the bench so much???? McRoberts SUCKS.  He was the reason for Sunday's disaster. Damnit, LAKERS. Get rid of Murphy, Blake and McRoberts and get some decent players on the bench before the season turns into a total waste of time.
aaronernest504::WE NEED SHOOTERS KAPONO WAS A BUST FORMER 3 POINT SHOOTING CHAMP MY A$$  ITS SOMEBODY OUT THEIR THAT CAN SHOOT THE BALL..... I HATE TOSAY IT NEXT YEAR WHEN RAY ALLEN IS A FA WE SHOULD GO AFTER HIM
LakersRule2008::Rasheed Wallace is still out there. Yeah, he can be trouble and yeah, he's as old as Fisher, but atleast he can shoot unlike the garbage on the bench.
boom.shaka.::That's why they have to get their payroll down.  Murphy McBob is all you can get with the vet minimum.
Irate Customer::Why the heck isn't Brown starting Barnes over MWP?  Barnes is showing, with consistency, he is the better player overall.
aaronernest504::he held lebron to 4-16 shooting when we played the heat he is only good t stopping good players that usnt very quick such as lebron and durant thats why we need him i admit he has lost a step ..... or two...... or three
aaronernest504::HE HAS TO KEEP BARNES ON THE BENCH FOR TWO REASONS METTA ONLY REASON OUT THEIR IS TO GUARD OTHER TEAMS BEST PLAYER AD 2ND IF BARNES STARTED OUR BENCH WOULD GO FROM BAD TO OMFG BAD!!!!!!!!!!!! we nned those bench points but barnes is playing way better than MWP
boom.shaka.::Irate Customer - The problem with your statement is that MWP isn't very good at defense any more.  He's pretty good in the block, but can't guard the perimeter any more, where Barnes' length and youth really help. =====  I think Barnes is one of those players who can do well in limited minutes, but starts to make brain farts (or hot-head reactions in his case) if he's on the court too long.  I will agree that Metta Ron Artest is a waste of money - hate to waste the amnesty on somebody making less than $10m but they would be well served to releast him in the offseason.  They can find his production for half of the $7m they're paying him.
Irate Customer::The problem with your statement is that MWP isn't very good at defense any more.  He's pretty good in the block, but can't guard the perimeter any more, where Barnes' length and youth really help.
boom.shaka.::He wasn't playing nearly as well when he was the starter.
Irate Customer::I hate you both...
elibird123::True and MWP did not play well at all as a reserve. It's working out great for those two the way it is.
aaronernest504::kevin durant &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; kobe brain kobe bryant &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; kevin durant  SIMPLE
aaronernest504::hahahahahahahaha no doubt in my mind durant is a good player he can have all the titles you wanna give him THE DURANTCHALA   KID CLUTCH MVP BEST IN THE WORLD BEST IN THE NBA  just not a NBA title...... WHATS HE GONNA DO WHEN WESTBROOK DOESNT GIVE HIM THE BALL IN THE PLAYOFFS
FrankPistachio211::You're kidding yourself if you think Kobe is a better player than Durant at this point, kid.  You're the exact reason why Laker$ boards attract so many "haters".
elibird123::At NBA dinners Kobe sits at the table of champions. KD sits at the table of wanna be champs.
aaronernest504::EVERYTHING that has to do with basketball from points assist rebounding toughness skill footwoork post game cluthcness work ethic  just to name a few
Thunderjunky86::wow now I know without a doubt in my mind your one of those bubble laker fans, who truly have NO idea what your talking about. I feel bad for the REAL laker fans who have realistic points of view who have to claim you bro
kidmandavid::Hmmmm (it what )category do you base your opinion off of??                         ^ is that correct?
kidmandavid::Thank you for the correction!!!
Thunderjunky86::NO I mean to say "in what". thank you picky BIT$H
zo9191::trolling for grammar, cool
Thunderjunky86::Hmmmm it what category do you base your opinion off of??
boom.shaka.::But I have to admit, was driving through Oklahoma once and happend to catch a powow on the radio (not sure which tribe).  Kept the signal for about 40 minutes or so and it was pretty interesting.  Don't really get that in LA.
elibird123::In addition to having a prevalence of German, Irish, English, Scottish, and Native American ancestry, more than 25 Native American languages are spoken in Oklahoma, the most of any state
Thunderjunky86::cool I have lived here in OKC for 6 years and have seen 2 indians from a casino lol
Thunderjunky86::hmmmm really? lol
boom.shaka.::What can I say?  I'm into culture.
