Chad_Warden::Fuck the Heat. H-Town Baby!
AceVenturaMavsCoach::Mavericks are gonna thrash Miami on Thursday
aaronernest504::I am wearing a hoodie, talking to my girlfriend.  I am 17 years old and weigh 140 LBS.  As I am walking at night, a 28 year old man jumps out of his truck, he weighs twice what I do and is yelling at me.  I have a pack of skittles and an ice tea in my pocket.  He has a gun in his pocket.  Minutes later the 140LB kid is dead, his weapons of an ice tea and skittles are still in his pocket.  Friends of Zimmerman, the cops(Zimmerman it was common knowledge wanted to be a cop)  Do not do a GSR, Gun Shot Residue  Do not take his clothes as evidence  Do not take him in  Do not arrest him  Do not take his gun  Do not take his blood for a drug test  They do let him go  They believe whatever he says  Fact---Police chief is gone and officers involved can kiss their incompetent cop careers goodbye.  Fact---They took the dead guys blood for tests not the shooter,this alone will doom these idiots from ever putting on a badge again.  Fact---Cops ignored witnesses that did not agree with their accounts.
Anthony3272::Los Mavs vs La Heat!!
DeeWig41::Am I the only that thinks B. Wright needs to be starting?  He has the same game as Tyson Chandler....good rebounding, good hustle, with dunks and blocks
Eg214::I like brandon Wright as a power foward. I would like to see  Haywood, Dirk, Wright, Marion, with  Kidd at the point  Thats a big front line and Really like  What they can do if they play together and then Jet, Vince, West, odom, mahimi and roddy of the bench sounds like a damn Good Team For Me!
Kirby0087::He does the same things as TC, but I prefer him off the bench.  He's a good spark and provides energy.  He doesn't fair well against the bigger centers though, we need Haywood for them
DeeWig41::I haven't seen him struggle against any center this year because there's only a couple of dominate centers in the whole league.  Haywood is too soft and doesn't hustle...he also thinks he's an offensive threat for some unknown reason
ewtaylor1::Ya ESPN, talk about the Mavs like they're blowing people out of the water this year. The defending champions that are only 2 games above the Rox, a team that has been playing without Lowry or Martin for the last few games. No offense, but I cannot support nor understand why any team would actually pay Shawn Marion money?? Are you serious! And Vince Carter, did you see the way he just let Chase Budinger have that rebound last night. The Rox will make the playoffs, and like every regular season, people will underestimate our team. I'm looking forward to the 1st round upset. Where will Dallas be in the next 5 years? You guys are all sooner fans anyways. Can we officially make Dallas part of Oklahoma?
ReginaldLamont55::Mavs dont have Haywood or West, you are missing people and so are the Mavs.  Deal with it, Mavs handed it to you and won the game.  Quit crying
mirejo87::I don't think the article mentioned the mavs blowing people out of the water. it was simply a 9 point win. It is what it is. The mavs hit a slump with injuries over the past month (shawn marion, delonte west, and brendan haywood - 3 starters).  I'd pay Shawn Marion money because he averages 11.1 ppg (3rd on team), shooting 44%  and 7 rpg (1st on team). and he is the best defensive player on the team.  Also i think people rightly underestimate the rockets because they have only gotten out of the first round of the playoffs once ('09) in the last 14 seasons.  The rockets need to bring in a superstar player to go with the many good role players that are already in place. Superstars take over in playoffs.  Where will dallas be in the next 5 years?, after this summer we will know a lot more.
D-Town_Leatherheads::You mad bro? Hahahaha. Mo ron. GO MAVS!
gwaller8::Hey, just noticed that Kelvin Sampson is on the bench in Houston.  Enjoy having that scumbag on your bench.  Go Hoosiers.
gupsphoo::Lamar Odom for MVP.
hittinthe777::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "basketball betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. It is the best betting system I have ever followed in years of betting on sports and I recommend it to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works
EliteCapper::wheres kyle lowry??????????
Georger lives byeatches::bacterial infection I think
9-11 Lies::More boo for odom just to make him motivated!
Its all my fault::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXnuOkAGJlY
jjensen1192::shir\t
jjensen1192::jiroejrwe
y0u 41 MISunderstood::First off, let me start by saying good job Mavs. good win. also, nice to see Lamar stepping up and having a great game. i've been kinda wanting to put this out there tho - am i the only Mavericks fan that is really getting tired of watching the games and seeing how little of an impact Vince Carter is having? i mean, i know he is averaging 10 points or so a game, but really. they seem to play way better when he is out of games and he is just an anchor on this team. just something i have noticed as a mavs fans. i mean, i would much rather see D-J0 out there with his great hustle and defense as opposed to Vince just being a spot-up shooter and trying to constantly take on a defender one-on-one. he just isn't contributing to this team at all and it's getting extremely frustrating as a mavs fan. on a positive note tho good game and nice to see Brandon Wright getting more and more playing time cuz he is clearly the best center on the team. he attacks the rim and plays solid D.
9-11 Lies::y0u 41 MISunderstood, you talk exactly the same way I am thinking. Vince don't play D and he shoot with a low percentage. Somebody form the mavs should call out this guy. This guy is a virus! I pray that he will just be injured.
WestBetterThanEast::I'm starting to agree. VC looked great in the early going, knocking down clutch threes in OKC and avging a good 15 points a night. Now he has cooled off considerably and it seems to me that he is uncomfortable with the way Dallas plays - with flow and good ball movement.
jjensen1192::Dallas over houston all day!!!! rockets just aren't that good
Georger lives byeatches::Yeah, on paper they don't look good but they play their $@%!$ off.  I am proud of them so $@%! this posters opinion.  Scola is one of the most underrated players in the NBA.
akhorahil::And Dragic has been playing some pretty extreme extended minutes lately. Throw in the run of OT games lately... It's just plain been a rough second half for them. They are hanging in there though. It's not unlike the season the Texans had this past year.
tcccfrom713::I cant believe they are that good with that roster, who do they really have? nobody but theyre over 500, that team has always played hard
y0u 41 MISunderstood::they are still missing two of their best players. Kevin Martin and Kyle Lowry. don't forget thar
tbbigdmavs::I wish west could be back for the heat.
justinkm19::Good win with 2 tough ones on the road next. I said before the game if Odom would just give us 8 points a game.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Good win, Mavericks.
justinxazdamavs::The hate i have for the Miami Heat swells up and consumes my soul.
rolando77::Yeah, everyone knows you're supposed to hate the Lakers.
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::Looks like your priorities aren't straight then.
justinxazdamavs::American Airlines Arena......where the champs were first crowned.
Edudlufetips::just like just about every arena in the US.
nicholasduke23::did you stutter while you were typing?
Dogs Returns::Go Gophers
FanofTexas28::Yes you were.
Dogs Returns::stop lying
FanofTexas28::Wait..what?
Dogs Returns::I was never here
FanofTexas28::Go Longhorns
Dogs Returns::you can cheer against them sounds fun
zburris::Brendan Wright has been quite an addition for Dallas  their 3 PF lineup wit Dirk, Wright,  Odom, JET, and Roddy B on the court has the potential to be dangerous in the playoffs
wiqdgato::I think JET would be great at PF. Shadow the short corner for some potentially easy jumpers, you know, before setting up plays. Throw some peeps off. We could just zone on defense.
Edudlufetips::JET as a PF? sober up man.
tcccfrom713::ya dumb@ss
MFFL_NS_14::He's not saying JET is a PF he's saying they're all on the court at the same time. Because Dirk, Wright, and Odom are all PFs.
FanofTexas28::Can't wait to see the Mavs return to the scene of the crime!
FanofTexas28::I was referring to the Mavericks raising the Larry O'Brien at American Airlines Arena.
nicholasduke23::he is referring to the last time the mavs were at the AAA.
MFFL_NS_14::They sure said something similar last year...As Mavs fans we might be blind, but we believe in our team. That's MFFL.
Edudlufetips::i know. its not happening. the mavs won't beat the thunder or spurs. good luck though. im a southwest fan, rockets above all. do you no get things?
Edudlufetips::i think you meant the thunder.
Dogs Returns::<b><i><span style="font-family: Humanst521CnBT;"><span style="text-decoration: blink;"><span> Hello Heatser</span></span></span></i></b>
__Heatster_.::HI
__Heatster_.::bye
Dogs Returns::nvm i dont wanna talk to you
__Heatster_.::ok then, no one wants to talk to the greatest man in the world for some reason, so i guess i'll leave.
Eg214::Houston Ya Fell Back to The 9th Seed Not. A good place To be
y0u 41 MISunderstood::dude. i hate to break it t you, but even fifth isn't a good place to be right now. the west is stacked
DallasAreaSportsFan::Wonder if Houston will pick up that fat $@%! Renardo Sidney with one of their picks...
__Heatster_.::Un-banned Baby!  Thoughts?  .
FanofTexas28::There's so many trolls on here, it honestly doesn't even matter.
Snakes_::lamar plays better when he uses his sugar coated headband.
Eg214::Wow Lamar Odom With 9 Points 4 rebounds and 3 Assist!  Its Gona Snow
Mavsolute_Beast_41::It will be sweet to return to the place where we raised the trophy
Snakes_::win or lose.   it'll always be sweet.   a 100 years from now it'll be sweet.
Dirk2XMVP::yup. Go Mavs
Anti-Heatster::MAVS &gt; HEAT
mgrass15::lebron is a $@%!$
__Heatster_.::<a> HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAAHAHHAHAAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAAHAHHAHAAAHAHAHAHAH! </a>  NOOOO! HEAT<b> &gt; </b>mavs
stariz86::We visit back to where the MAVS won there first title on Thursday AAA. GO MAVS!!!
jeffb12345::Dallas Shocked The World Last Year
BigDtown09::Odom scored 9 points, is that a season high, lol.
jeffb12345::Good to see Lamar have a good game out there
big5moe::It was the headband
Cowboys Fan_I982::see you guys thursday..
Mavsolute_Beast_41::c ya
Cowboys Fan_I982::in the right place btw
Sir_Keaton_Brownsbury_Esq.::Odom's body was under control by space aliens. That explains it.
mskmarch9::Why did the girl fall over?...  She got hit by a truck
FanofTexas28::Why was 6 afraid of 7?  Because 7 was a registered sex offender.
21 WILSON CHANDLER::HEY NUGGET FANS, THUNDERJUNKY IS ON THE BOARDS.
THE JEFFERNATER::That dude is an idiot..
MileHighFan9::Absolute worst
FanofTexas28::BEAT! THE! HEAT! BEAT! THE! HEAT! BEAT THE! HEAT!
DynastyinBigD::Nice game mavs and now time to beat the overrated Heat
tiger_man123::Dirk Nowitzki cut from German national team!!!!  <a>http://espn.go.com/nba/story/_/id/7744396/dirk-nowitzki-cut-from-german-national-team</a>
Mavsolute_Beast_41::Hell yeah! Finally!
THE JEFFERNATER::Good.. He can stay fresh for the Mavs.
DynastyinBigD::It's actually about the Cavalier
MileHighFan9::Mavs will beat the Heat, who are not even good
jhall2983::Possible 3 1st rounders for the Rockets next year plus cap space and Montiejunas coming over....looking good for next year.
Snakes_::i think that gasol trade being blocked was a good thing for houston in the long run
vonsteve1668::Last time we had 3 first rounders it didn't go so well, if I remember. Hopefully, this time they nail the picks. Next year does look pretty bright.
THE JEFFERNATER::It was ugly at times but I'll take. Let's go to South Beach and take care of business!
Cowboys Fan_I982::LO, best Maverick ever?
THE JEFFERNATER::By far...
vonsteve1668::Congrats Mavs. You've got our number lately.
MileHighFan9::Gotta admit though Chandler Parsons is a baller
62cowboyfan::Champs Win! Way to go Mavs!!
