Cyril::When Jennings shoots 50% or better, they're 3-0.  When he has 10 or more assists, they're 4-3.  I don't have a problem with scoring point guards, but when you watch Jennings play, you see him pull off some sick crossover moves only to end up launching a stepback jumper going in the wrong direction.  You see Greg Monroe get an open post up, only to see Jennings take the ball to the opposite side of the court.  He has all the talent of a top-5 point guard, but all these little mistakes add up.  If he could correct some of his decision making, the Pistons could easily be above .500. And if Josh Smith would quit launching perimeter jumpers, they could be challenging for a top 3 seed.
KMike::The Pistons are actually collectively better than they think they are. They suffer from Lionosis.
Aaron::Im rather impressed the main thing the Pistons need to learn is the ability to close a game out.
KMike::This is the Piston deficiency right now, the inability to close out games. They've already flipped off a half dozen this season by not finishing.
KMike::Everybody knows the NBA is a game of 'runs', butt timid play kills closing out games. The Pistons took a little air out of the ball and started settling for late shot 'one and dones', taking them completely out of their offensive game and putting more pressure on the defense. They need to quit that stuff. They've slowly gone from playing two quarters, to two and a half, and now nearly three quarters of decent ball. Now they've got to figure out how to get these games closed out, particularly on their home floor.
David::The Nets will want to close to within 3-4 at the least by halftime; or they could have trouble catching up in the 2nd half in an away arena.
Slownfastm1::As a Nets fan i have hope for my  Nets as they showed some toughness after a terrible 2nd quarter and almost pulled it out late, even without Lopez.
KMike::Don't know why Drummond is subbed out for Smith down the stretch. If you aren't knocking down shots, you need a rebounder, defender on both ends of the floor. That move makes no sense to me. It isn't like he's a fumbler when it comes to handling the ball either. Somebody needs to quiz Cheeks on that deal.
Anton::Must be nice to get paid 25 million to score 12 points and shoot 5-16 against a scrub team like the Pistons...
A Yahoo! User::Brandon Jennings is a sorry excuse for a point guard. 3-14? Take better shots. 3 assists? Make better plays. Almost cost the Pistons the win (again).
