krusty627::Of course, it was TO's bench that won the game. These guys could start. Dump José and Andrea while they still have a lot of value. Build around Lowry, Ross and Anderson. They're eager, young and hungry. When Jonas is back and healthy, TO will be competitive across the board.
dwighthowardsamazing::Don't dump Jose he is the best player on that team way better than Lowry
krusty627::A different team would have exploited Toronto's shocking inability to cover the lanes. There would have been no 13 point lead and there would have been no OT. Although they won this game, a 500 team would have buried them by 5 to 10 points.
lynch471988::davis, vasquez, and gordon are 3 solid guys you can build around. rivers is god awful
thore824::The hornets suck right now, but the brow is already a beast. Putting up 25-9-3 is awesome for any player, let alone a rookie (even if it was against the raptors). If Gordon comes back healthy, that'll mean davis will have more room to operate...should've drafted him for my fantasy league...
jfrazier3131::If only Chris Bosh and vincesanity wouldnt have left. Who knows what could have been with all of our young talent?
WIstormchaser2119::How's that #1 draft pick workin out
thore824::The hornets took your team to OT without their best player (Gordon), and that number one pick put 25-9-3 on you guys. Are you seriously talking trash?
SAINTS_LSU_HORNETS89::What a tough season.....
American League Championship Series 2004::No one even aware of Greivis Vasquez's almost-TD.
19brom::i want to kick n88niks $@%!
n88nick06::Bring it!!!!
Rob Parker 1st Take::Austin Rivers spelled backwards is Nitsua Srevir, which means Spoiled Selfish Entitled Ball Hogging Uncoachable Little Brat in Afrikaans
johnnny_drama34::Rivers is such a ball hog, he practically gave the game to us
21xxxv::The Hornets/Pelicans need a veteran presence in the lineup that can show these young players how to prepare and win in the NBA. A Caron Butler type, tough but confident. This team has way too many pups.
n88nick06::To the clown that said the Raptors going to the playoffs.  Uhhh no. ha ha.  The East playoffs are already set.  Look at those garbage records in the east.  Those top 8 teams in the East right now are pretty good teams, all the teams below that are TRASH!!!  And going no where.  Truth hurts.
Rigstrikesbak3278::ur Wizards finally won a game congrats lmao
toronto-vigilante3::Ugly win...we'll take it.  G'Nite ladies...!!
The Real Andre Herring::Bad game for the Raptors...Derozan with -126 +/-...that kid sucks
19brom::haha ur such a moron
BENGAL_BOY_85::vasquez and davis couldnt get one more rebound each for my fantasy team....
gri400::still upset that Tross's dunk didn't count, that was nasty
FSoccer::gg Raps
gri400::GG man
wnsj89::GG
gri400::i'll take a road win, don't care who it's against  Good to see lowry back and rolling, looked really good tonight, was impressed with the brow as well, got some growing to do of course but he looked pretty good.
WonderlicQBR::Austin Rivers +145...LMAO!
Allstargame1850::Terrance Ross was a brutal pick
gri400::Tross is awesome
wnsj89::brutal slang for good? then yes
arvinramroop::spell his name right
arvinramroop::GJ RAPTORS!
FSoccer::We lost but Davis was a beast tonight
justin082005::Vasquez and Davis about all that is worthwhile some nights
WonderlicQBR::this gotta be a  software issue... PLUS MINUS 80000
WonderlicQBR::what is all these plus minus 10000 all about, i have never seen this before.. LMAO!
WonderlicQBR::wtf with all these + --- 144 and sheet
n88nick06::2 $@%!$@ teams goin nowhere, lol...  Feel bad for both these teams fans.
FSoccer::Hey, NO gets another lottery pick this year.
arvinramroop::Raptors making playoffs....Hornets goin nowhere
wnsj89::east playoffs are a done deal? Brooklyn and Boston are .500 teams fool, 1/2 game up on Philly
n88nick06::Raptors not going to the playoffs fool, ha ha.  Look at the standings, the playoffs are already set.  The east playoffs are a done deal.  All those other teams are garbage. LOL!!!!
19brom::jose only 2 pt? and lowry more assists? still am really hopng lowry comes of the bench
gri400::jose hasn't looked good at all today. Give lowry a few more games off the bench for now though, but if he keeps playing like this it won't last long
PK009::sorry calderon fans lowry is unquestionably the best pg on this team
wnsj89::yet this is Calderon's team, I don't think anyone would say this is lowry's team
FSoccer::SF has been killing NO this season
lookitsdeco::so i lose on Hornets team total tonight but hey! Raptors 2H +3.5 wins!
I Troll. You Cry.::Austin Rivers is the Mark Sanchez of the NBA
Loss Angeles Lakers Fan::GOVER!!!
New Orleans Voodoo Child::Damn, if we can't beat these suckas at home bruh... $h*t!
wnsj89::these refs are garbage
gri400::most NBA refs are sadly
Bookiebreaker48::ALL BALL
BENGAL_BOY_85::17 minutes and vasquez hasnt gotten that board for a triple double yet...
Loss Angeles Lakers Fan::First time watching AD play... I am not impressed.
I Troll. You Cry.::he ain't that good, but Austin Rivers makes him look like LeBron
Just one mans opinion::And he just went 25-9-3 on you
FSoccer::He's still growing. His body needs to get into NBA form. Keep in mind he's a teenager
mathurpalak@yahoo.com::nice job lowry!
Ughhh.i.hope.hornets.win::thats game hornets sux
ndaba9044::is there a problem with the +/- thing? why is it in the hundreds
gri400::there must be a problem
MafiosoSpaghetti::rofl morons fight for the overtime only to lose it anyway
Loss Angeles Lakers Fan::DAGGER!!!
DR HORSE::5 for 24  on 3 point shots is like giving the  ball away
arvinramroop::Amazing comeback Lowry!
wnsj89::lowry is a beast!
gri400::big 3 from lowry
FSoccer::If Greivis gets 1 more rebound and NO loses the game, I'll still be happy
gri400::he's taking forever to grab that board, on the brink for a while to get the triple double
gri400::hope he gets it (but raps win), he's basically had it for half the game lol
FSoccer::Lol, I know
arvinramroop::LOWRY!
gri400::jose not having his greatest shooting performance this game
wnsj89::lowry is a better spot shooter, jose is better at facilitating
