Matt Freaking Foley::&gt; $@%! espn
Matt Freaking Foley::&gt; $@%! espn
thematrix709::Hawks will at least be Eastern Conference champs this year, unless David Stern gets in the way and  dupe us with a Brooklyn vs. New York Eastern Conference final !!
C-Jammin::I want to see more DeDhawn Stevenson.  Not a bad night.  He's got a pretty shot.
sportsfan1014::Hawks are a good team unlike the Heats, it's OK, Wiz will get win #3 next time..
John Adams 2nd prez::The Heats ?? Wow ..........
Bradnava::Wins like these continue to make me a proud Hawks fan! Can we keep up this pace with a rigorous schedule ahead of us? Hope so-- Smith for 3, Smith for 3, Smith and 1-- that's how it's done J-Smoove!!! GO ATL
John Adams 2nd prez::Why wasn't the game on TV in Atlanta ?
C-Jammin::The game tomorrow night against Memphis won't be on either.
bigjoe93ATLANTA::Hawks Win!
Knight13951::Golden State tomorrow I believe.
GeorgeTownDC29::Wizards made a game out of it on the road against a good team. Cant hate them for that. Seraphin,Beal, and Nene are the only guys doing anything for us at the moment.
Lemuel7043::J-smoove time
habersham raider5::J.... SMOOOOOOVE!
Knight13951::And..... the Wizards blow it.
Poor Oregon::Wtf was that beal
Silverslugger31::Zaza is one ugly man.
Silverslugger31::Oh don't get me wrong, he's actually one of my favorite Hawks.. He's just ugly as sin.
zdunn1785::but he does have style ill give him that
ddmanso1::HAWKS TRADE NEWS  THE HAWKS ARE TRYING TO TRADE Al Horford TO THE BUCKS NO CLUE YET WHAT THEY ARE TRYING TO GET OUT OF HIM GOOD OR BAD FOR HAWKS
Weber State Wildcat::I don't know about you guys, but the first place I go to get my breaking news stories are from random trolls around the country on ESPN message boards.
zdunn1785::lol he liked his own comment so its obviously a troll attempt
Lemuel7043::never heard of trade talks for horford. Smith maybe, but not Horford
Ponder_ to_Percy_is_weird::I would like to know where you got it also seems fishy to me
Lemuel7043::where did you get that
Lemuel7043::where did you get that
Poor Oregon::Lakers Thunder time
Lemuel7043::J-smoove for 3!!!
GeorgeTownDC29::Come on Beal! Prove you can be clutch
GeorgeTownDC29::He is pretty long for a 2
Poor Oregon::If he was an inch taller I'd really like him.
Poor Oregon::Beal pisses me off sometimes
zdunn1785::now what questions me is why havent larry drew put ivan johnson on kevin seraphin?
Lemuel7043::now that you mention it, they didn't play Ivan 9-5.  But I can't complain, Drew has the team winning this season
johnbadrov::Can Atlanta blow anymore leads. This team is unbelievable.
Poor Oregon::Well that was a disaster
GeorgeTownDC29::Wiz got heart.! Beal is starting to show me something
braveandme::All of r starters have between 14-16 points. That is called team basketball
zdunn1785::yea lets hope they win though
GeorgeTownDC29::Seraphin and Beal are the future of the Wiz!
James Harden 3 point Celebration::John Wall, where art thou?
GeorgeTownDC29::Still injured. Our franchise will probably give up on him soon
ovechkinsgoal::being his draft bust self
Knight13951::He's a top 10 point guard...
Lemuel7043::I'm a hawks fan. Why is Seraphin a bench player?
Knight13951::In my opinion, he plays much better off the bench than as a starter.
Lemuel7043::no wonder they have the highest scoring bench
GeorgeTownDC29::Stupid coach.
zdunn1785::if he starts then whos going to score off the wizards bench?
habersham raider5::The same reason louis williams is. nobody knows.
ovechkinsgoal::because we're the wizards and haven't won more than 45 games in 35 years
ovechkinsgoal::okafor is complete garbage
ovechkinsgoal::he thinks he's a 2nd overall pick, that's the problem.  he needs to think he's a 2nd rounder.
Lemuel7043::2nd overall pick lol
ovechkinsgoal::this is the point in the game where if the wiz are gonna win they need to make a run now
ovechkinsgoal::crawford is starting to p1ss me off
habersham raider5::come on hawks! stay with it!
Lemuel7043::I might be wrong, but for some reason Wizards play better when J-smoove is on the bench
zdunn1785::um josh is +18 tonight
ovechkinsgoal::he's +5 tonight
Knight13951::/
Poor Oregon::Who is J Smoove?
Lemuel7043::Josh Smith
Knight13951::..
ovechkinsgoal::cartier misses a 3...and that my folks is why he was in the d league for a while....got hit those, cartier
umadbro233::THE WIZARDS ARE BACK.... wait they never were.... um. THEYRE HERE!
ovechkinsgoal::wizards rebounding could improve
GeorgeTownDC29::Wizards got heart. Beal and Seraphin aint layin down for no one!
ovechkinsgoal::wizards are like it ain't over yet mofo's
Knight13951::we have a comeback on our hands.   p.s- Seraphin needs to ditch his new hairstyle.
GeorgeTownDC29::Beal!
dogs::Dang lots of people on this board
GeorgeTownDC29::Take your a$$ back to the wolves board stupid cat pic
dogs::Haha umad
Lemuel7043::it's flooding
GeorgeTownDC29::Beal, Seraphin, and Nene need to be in during the whole 4th. Price needs to be the PG down the stretch and we can make a comeback
Darrell0226::I guess the Wizard have beat the Miami Heat hangover.
GeorgeTownDC29::Beal and Seraphin are good pieces for the future and Wall if he stays. Trading for Ariza and Okafor was stupid on our part but we can turn the franchise around with a good lottery pick.
lookitsdeco::i think the Ariza and Okafor trades are working out..
Silverslugger31::How can I watch this game? I can't find it on TV.
habersham raider5::haha, jus helpin someone out.
Silverslugger31::You're a wonderful person.
habersham raider5::http://www.thefirstrow.eu/watch/157551/2/watch-atlanta-hawks-vs-washington-wizards.html
Lemuel7043::J-Smoove is an underrated passer
zdunn1785::The way this game going it looks like John Jenkins will get some burn time tonight
Des Hasler::I tell you the Wzards strategy.They kno they arean awful team. The kow they are rubbish. If teams TURN UP ready to play them, they stand no chance. What they do is they build up a horrible record at the start of the season and then simply rely on teams to turn up not giving a f###ck, think they are on a holiday and then they have a chance (Miami).  This franchise has no business being in the NBA
taayox::so much anger for a non wiz fan.
SoWhyYouMadBro::My heart goes out to ya'll man, my condolences for what is a shell of what your team used to be. I'm not here to shat on you wizard fans. I'm here to tell you that once Wall comes back the entire league better recognize that washington style of basketball will be back and this season can be turned around completely for the better
GeorgeTownDC29::Deshawn Stevenson aint gonna play this good in the second half so just keep hanging in there Wiz. When Wall comes back we can have him, Seraphin,Nene,Beal do work. Just missing our floor general bad right now
DeviouStaal_::What was that?
