Tarrekun::CP3 and Mr. Big Shot make a great back court.  The experience that Chauncey and Lamar Odom bring to the team is irreplaceable, because they know the necessary effort to win a NBA championship, so that for the 2012-13 Western Conference, the Clippers will REPRESENT.   ...
Tarrekun::CP3 and Mr. Big Shot make a great back court. Chris Paul just won a gold medal, All-star and is the best point in the NBA. Chauncey Billups is a point guard and was the MVP for the championship he won with Detroit. Two point guards bring great knowledge for the team. It allowed them to have the 4th Quarter comeback against Utah.
Tarrekun::That was a great game against Utah. The 4th qtr. comeback win was incredible. One of the most enjoyable games I've seen, especially when your team wins. I also like Boston and never liked the Lakers. At the end, to run out the 0.7 sec., as Michael Smith of Prime Ticket indicated, they should place maybe like 3 guys at your own free throw line and throw a baseball pass to them to let the clock run out. Unfortunately, it was thrown over the head of Chauncey? in Utah's side of the court, and Utah had a close shot (proximity wise {near the 3 point arc} and time {was shot almost within regulation}), but it doesnt matter since Utah's shot was off, and Clipper Nation prevailed!........................again, HORRAY!
Milliemiles410::Clippers are a team to watch, they are gonna grow.
Kev_010::wow DeAndre Jordan gets 33 min and only gets 3 pts and 6 rebs with 2 blks lol
olwildcory723::They were afraid to give DeAndre the ball, because someone might foul him...
nvorod24::Kev_010 - wow DeAndre Jordan gets 33 min and only gets 3 pts and 6 rebs with 2 blks lol  Did they win?  how many blocks did "MR ALL Defense Howard" get against his former team?
BarrelRider04::Gritty win by the Clips considering that made it 3 out of the last 45 in Utah. This is a different Clipper team than most in the past....but the problem is they are still the Clips. Donald Sterling will do whatever it takes to LOSE!
LAisTitleTown::^HUH? the statement you made is pretty dumb....Sterling has given the Clipper front office the flexibility to make this team what it is NOW.....a CONTENDER! Don't be dumb bro. Think before you speak ;)
dtomasette::blake sucks
sdteamswinsomething::That's not very nice to say especially while Steve Blake is injured
manimarf09::Clippers need to play through BG32 more. They stop going to him or he's on the bench for almost whole quarters. I don't like Jordan getting 30 points a game when Griffin should be the main guy, with Paul there, too. Then when you sit those guys, Crawford can dominate, but I still want Griffin and Paul closing out -- they're the stars, and it sends a mixed message when Crawford or whomever else is out closing the game with Griffin on the bench. I hate it. He's clearly their franchise player, and he should be in finishing the job each game.
stoop404::when did DJ get 30 points in a game?
mark35345::It's only the pre season. It doesn't matter who closes out games in December. With injuries sure to come - it helps that the Clippers have options, a deep bench, and mulitiple guys that can hit the last shot..
UCFMiamiHeat::why didn't Hayward start? has he been struggling
666 is the mark of the beast::chris paul and chauncey billups as a backcourt is a complete joke... blake balled... but the jazz got robbed by bad calls at the end
stoop404::robbed? so missing shots is the refs fault?
nvorod24::obvious Jazz or Laker Fan.
Ustna9::joke?   are you new to the game?
reysvz::You can see a major difference of the Clippers of this year and last year.  The 2nd team was kept in the game until the starters came in with around 6 minutes left of the game and they kept them in the game led by Odom.  The two top Utah players in this game, Mo Williams and Foye, were Clippers last year.
bradon619::wrong, hawayrd played better than foye
LAisTitleTown::Best Comment on this board! KUDOS
David722249::At least the Clips are not a hometown embarrassment.
Ustna9::Jazz fans complaining about flopping is truly hilarious...  Karl Malone was an EPIC flopper.
tfoutz31::live in the now
olwildcory723::Cool story bro
nba is the worst::Ha ha - back in the last century...
bigchapp1006::once blake gets a decent J, its gunna be curtains
nba is the worst::Game-tying fts given to the Clippers by Grampa Bavetta  - <b>on a flop.</b>  Only contact was Billups' forearm to Williams' chest..  And watch - Stern couldn't care less...  (Unless the flopping review committee decides that Billups isn't on wade and lebron's "level", of course) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmTshvfmMHY
olwildcory723::Why should Stern care? He only cares if big markets or national TV is involved.
BlazersWar::CP3 got outplayed by Mo Williams
nvorod24::W means he didn't~!
666 is the mark of the beast::yess he did... completely outplayed.. watch the game
drmcfunk::Lol they didn't even guard each other it's was Billups on Williams and Carroll on Paul
Ustna9::lol...people like you crack me up. Box scores do not tell a story.
knicks_11::big al has no lift.
olwildcory723::You misspelled 'defense'.
STEVE6163656::Clippers &gt; Lakers
heatfaninfl::Ive used this betting system Sportsbettingstar. Im making around $3,000 each month I follow this system. You can find the system on Google by searching for basketball betting system. If you bet on sports this system will make you money.
Kelly8528::All this flop talk wouldn't be a big deal if the NBA didn't make a big deal about it at the first of the season. But yeah that ref probably felt dumb as hell after he blew that whistle. Then did a flop of his own lol
nvorod24::Why is the Blazer fan on this blog?  Olshey is that you again?
Tebow is a god::yeah flopping has been around for awhile.... goddamn vlade divac, ginobili.... etc
UJ801::What do you mean it wouldn't be a big deal? it's been a big deal to me for years, i hate flopping
BlazersWar::word.
JensenJaxon::Here is the flop http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jreVKYMJAVo
TayoAkomolede::flop of the century, lol
tfoutz31::using the old reggie miller leg swing, billups wasnt even touched
olwildcory723::I don't know, Mo kind of ran into that leg that was flung out sideways and that forearm that was flinging out sideways. I'm sure that messed up Billups' shot.
SauceCaptain::That was just one of the worst ones, if you want to see the Clippers flopping at their best watch the replay of the entire 4th Qtr.
JensenJaxon::Agreed
sportsfan1014::just watched the replay, should have been a no call
BRAY5150::The power rankings actually had it rite with the clippers at 5
runukraine::BRAY5150 - The power rankings actually had it rite with the clippers at 5  Yeah... Hollinger and Stein are in accord on that one. That never happens.
JrueRandallHoliday::Is this the first game Blake grabbed over 10 boards?   ... Clips need him to work the glass more often.
runukraine::Pretty sure that isn't true
runukraine::Sorry... read that as "This is...", not "Is this..."
TireBiterUSC::It's not but since it was a question, I just let it go.
LA Clipp Joint::Clippers vs OKC Heat vs NYC   your 2012 NBA final four
olwildcory723::With Refs on your side like the Clippers, how could they NOT?
SauceCaptain::How can the Clippers make it to the finals when they're not even getting out of the second round?
LA Clipp Joint::Clippers will win the Pacific div and will get out of the second round ... obviously you are delusional to that fact
dmcmorris08::Chances are better for you to win the lottery than to have that final four.
BRAY5150::Can't deny the clips have had some bad loses but you also can't forget all the top teams they've beat. Spurs twice, Memphis, Miami, lakers, only top team they've lost to is OKC
SauceCaptain::So losing bad games to bad teams is proof that they're a contender? Do go on.
LAisTitleTown::Laker teams that won Titles ALWAYS lost some games to BAD teams.
rbmw263::He asked who our top 5 teams were right now.  The clips bad losses were more recent than all of their good wins.  So RIGHT NOW they arent in my top 5....before that losing streak they definitely were.
Jail Blazer::like if you would let Blake Griffin dunk on you with his dick
xx3825::I had Clippers -1, would you agree my luck is bad?
d2s4ui1::blame randy foye
Ed7334::Sauce Captain calls everyone a kid, he must have just turned 30.
Ed7334::Good grammar sauce
SauceCaptain::You don't even have the capacity to understand why I spelled "ryte" on purpose to laugh at how bad the original poster was ... you are slow aren't you?
SauceCaptain::I'm glad you assume every intelligent person with good grammar is older than you. Lol you're probably older than I am ... but it's ok because you barely speak english and have the mind of a child?
SauceCaptain::You must be older than me ... her her her that's insulting right?
Ed7334::Brilliant retort. Another zinger. SauceCaptain ryte ... sure they are ... oh wait no they're not.
djcrawfordgriffin::When crawford is hot the clippers can beat any team in the nba. so their championship credentials are legit provided they get hot in the playoffs. I sense a ring for cp3
dmcmorris08::Totally agree, I just dont think that gets called 95% of the time.
olwildcory723::Simply was a flop that should've been a no-call, especially considering the time and score of the game.  Bavetta's blind eyes were duped by Billups false flailing limbs.  BUT, and I'm a Jazz fan here saying this, the Jazz lost to not just the refs and that call (and about 3 others late in the game), but they lost to themselves (terrible defense) and they lost to the Clippers (they made plays). It wasn't just one thing. Jazz had a 10-point lead going into the fourth at home. You don't lose that game by a few bad calls alone.
runukraine::Yeah, but a lot of times those savvy shooters will kick out a leg and draw contact or pump fake and jump into the guy off the floor. Those often get called. That isn't what happened here, but Mo set himself up to get taken advantage of.  Thing is that's basketball and at some point Mo will do it to someone else when it matters.
SauceCaptain::If the defender touches the shooting player, even a little, yeah the refs may call it. When the defender never gets close to touching the shooter and he violently throws himself to the ground despite never being touched, it should be a no call. Seeing how the refs were calling the entire 4th qtr. though it really wasn't suprising they blew the whistle.
runukraine::Personally I think Mo just made a bad decision.  He put himself into a position where that call could be made.  Shooters do that stuff all the time. Mo has done it a hundred times in his career too.
runukraine::dmcmorris08 - Thats not a bad decision, you have to contest shots! He really did not even come close to Chauncey.  He just sold it well  I know he tried to contest to the side, but still... 30% chance of a three v. 90% chance of a three at the line.
dmcmorris08::Thats not a bad decision, you have to contest shots! He really did not even come close to Chauncey.  He just sold it well
djcrawfordgriffin::gimme a name of an nba play who hasn't got a flop call ever in his career. flop happens bro and the history of Mr. Big Shot  is not one of flops. take it like a man!
SauceCaptain::The Clippers are now better at flopping than the Spurs, they take the crown.
dmcmorris08::Actually Billups does have a history of flopping.  But youre right it does happen to everyone, good teams deal with it.  Or just flop better!
SauceCaptain::They won't get the same flop calls in the playoffs against the other top teams. Not a chance.
dmcmorris08::Really? Oh wait, are you talking about a wedding ring?
BRAY5150::Clippers are a Top 5 team rite now
Juan_Madden::Spurs  Grizz okc heat clippers  yeah your right
SauceCaptain::ryte ... sure they are ... oh wait no they're not.
rbmw263::The Knicks are playing really good ball right now.
BRAY5150::The Knicks? Haha
rbmw263::It wasnt that long ago that LAC lost to the Hawks, the Hornets at home, and Brooklyn, so i would probably give Brooklyn the nod over LA for now.
rbmw263::OKC  Memphis Miami San Antonio NYK  Brooklyn and LAC are close right now.
runukraine::SauceCaptain - ryte ... sure they are ... oh wait no they're not.  So where do you think they sit?
BRAY5150::Name 5 teams better
Juan_Madden::The main thing out west is avoid the 4,5 seed.top 3 seeds will have no problem knocking out the 6,7,8 seeds.We all know spurs,grizz,clippers,okc and lakers yes the lakers will be fighting for the top 3.Im a Spurs fan so im going to njoy that 1st round battle between the 4&amp;5 hopefully its clippers vs grizz.
diego3494::good  night  losers clippernation  24/7
dmcmorris08::I just really have a hard time saying they are a contender.  I dont know what to tell you about the Jazz, haha.
dmcmorris08::I would say Clips at best are a 4 but who knows maybe they are better than I think.  I think you are right about the Jazz but I dont know if they will give anyone trouble, I think they are too soft still.  They will get pushed around just like last year when the spurs treated them like their little brother
runukraine::I think the Jazz are one of those teams that'll slide into the 7 or 8 spot and give a top team fits.  I think the Clips are a 3 or 4 out West which gives them a pretty good chance overall... especially in comparison to where I'm used to being
runukraine::The Clippers are a contender now. Doesn't matter who is 1,2,3,4, or 5... they are one of the best teams in the NBA. I just wish they'd stop playing down to the level of their opponents...
runukraine::Yeah, but I mean if it is so important to him where the Clips sit in relation to the Heat... Where do the Jazz sit in relation to say the Golden State Warriors or the Dallas Mavericks?
dmcmorris08::Its not his hierarchy it was that crazy diego kids.
SauceCaptain::Hey wait! You were about to explain to all of us about why the Clippers are a better team in your expert opinion than the Heat! Please explain!
SauceCaptain::Lol I never said anything about the Jazz, nobody ever did. I wanted to know why this kid really thinks the Clippers are a better team than the Miami Heat .... and he ran away ...
runukraine::Where do the Jazz fit in your hierarchy of NBA power?
TireBiterUSC::You're so needy.
Td4mvp3::Duncan and kobe to retire in 2015
djcrawfordgriffin::Pop already sent him home
JrueRandallHoliday::No, not yet... they're not on national T.V.
diego3494::this is  duncans last  year  book  it
SauceCaptain::Honest poll question here ... raise your hand if you think the Clippers are a better team than the Miami Heat.
Ed7334::Or maybe they recognize you are a troll Sauce Captain
TireBiterUSC::LeBron is the best team in the NBA.
dmcmorris08::I know you cant see this, but I am NOT raising my hand.
SauceCaptain::I think these dumb kids are too slow to understand I'm making fun of them lol.
runukraine::Hopefully we'll find out this coming summer
runukraine::I suppose we'll just have to see how things shake out. Going forward, I'm pretty confident in this team.
SauceCaptain::Clippers will be out of the playoffs in the early spring. "Summer" basketball is for teams like the Heat that actually play in the finals.
SauceCaptain::(ps - Clippers fans already think they're better than the heat, you don't count we know your vote)
diego3494::clippers&gt;heat  24/7
PhillyPhanInSoCal::I don't.
Td4mvp3::stern vs. pop in a fight to the death?
runukraine::Craig Sager v. Popovich?
dmcmorris08::Haha, this is a funny thought....Pop again, I'm really not sure if he can fight but he scares the hell out of me!
dmcmorris08::Pop, no doubt! I wish it would have happened about 10 years ago
diego3494::pop  wins
diego3494::all jazz fans talk crap about cp3 ,but  what  everyone  knows  is  that  every  mormon  kid  has cp3  shoes  on  their christmas list  makes  me  chuckle  lol
dmcmorris08::I thought you were leaving, why are you still here
Eric62748::Bulll $@%! reffing at the end.
diego3494::jack nicholson has  perfect attendance  watching the clippers since they fired mike brown lol
PhillyPhanInSoCal::@tribjazz: For those up in arms about Billups' flop: Mo said postgame, "I can't get mad; I get some of those. It just happened at the wrong time."
dmcmorris08::A true professional.
diego3494::lol
Td4mvp3::Skip bayless vs. Stephen A Smith? winner is ___________
runukraine::Certainly not the television viewer
rbmw263::Satan
PhillyPhanInSoCal::Nobody
diego3494::clippers &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; jazz im sleeping  good tonight ,dress warm u mormons
runukraine::I'm not going to say the Clippers are better than Miami, but they are 2-0 against them in the past two years.
runukraine::Would you buy 5th or 6th best team? If so, then does 4th  best team really sound way out of range? I think it's dumb to rank em at this point in the season, but the Clippers have beaten some elite teams.
diego3494::we beat memphis,lakers,spurs twice,bulls,hawks,utah,blazers,and heat
SauceCaptain::No because that doesn't include the East, and he already said the Clippers are better than the Heat. Hmmmm anybody else agree that the Clippers are better than the Heat?
its_complicated::you are $@%!$@%!, huh?
SauceCaptain::You think the Clippers are the "4th" best team in the NBA lol.
Juan_Madden::Who does vegas have winning this title?
runukraine::Right now it's the Heat I believe
runukraine::After the Dwight trade I'm pretty sure it was the Lakers... then they started playing basketball
diego3494::clippers
Td4mvp3::u are an idiot...that is all
Td4mvp3::Ginobili's bald spot &gt; Lebron's receding hairline
olwildcory723::Ginobli would make a great monk if he just let his hair grow out a bit more.
diego3494::dude  the  east  is weak  the  heat  had  inflated  all  their  wins if  they  were  in  the  west  they  would  be  in  5th  place 1.memphis 2.spurs 3.okc 4.clippers 5.heat nuff said
Td4mvp3::change 2 to 1 and 5 to 3 and i dunno w.t.f. 4 is even doing anywhere near the top 5
BRAY5150::Clips have beat the spurs twice, heat, and Memphis. The only team they lost to was okc
Juan_Madden::At some point the L.A. Kobe's are gonna turn it on.   - Juan Madden ( im hungry so my mind aint right)
dmcmorris08::I am literally speechless.
diego3494::lol
SauceCaptain::I'm glad you think that ... because not a single other person IN THE ENTIRE WORLD agrees with you lol.
SauceCaptain::You just said that the Clippers are the "4th" best team in the league and better than the Heat at #5 ... You = Delusional buddy. Don't believe me? Ask ANYBODY ELSE and they'll also say you're full of it.
diego3494::youre  a  delusional  mormon,u lost today,just  like u  do everyday in life,and  now i'm wrong cus u  say so,heat havent beat  the  clips  2  years  straight  and  will  still  beat  them  at  home
SauceCaptain::lol Clippers "4th best" team in the league ... lol ...
Td4mvp3::over or under on 60 win season for spurs?
Juan_Madden::Over
dmcmorris08::Over
SauceCaptain::Clippers fans suddenly make more sense to me. They honestly believe that the Clippers are the 4th best team in the league, ahead of the Heat at number 5. They're more unimformed and delusional than just about anybody else. Now all the stupid things they say make more sense, they don't know that what they say is BS.
Boltman021::I would like to point out that the Clippers have beaten Memphis, the Spurs twice, the Hawks, Bulls, and the Heat so it's not that far-fetched as you might think
dmcmorris08::Yeah, you cannot have sane conversations with them, its not possible
runukraine::dmcmorris08 - Yeah, you cannot have sane conversations with them, its not possible  ...and we've seen a lot of Jazz fans on here trying to have sane conversations about this game?
Td4mvp3::they're clipper fans dude what do u expect
diego3494::by  the  end  of  next  week  will  be  14-6 clipps  play  3  home  games first  the  mavs than  the  suns thatn  the  raptors  lol
JrueRandallHoliday::Lakers fans were saying something similar then they lost to the Pacers and Magic...  ... The Pacers and MAGIC!
Juan_Madden::So my girl just went on a 20 min rant on how the broads from teen mom make six figures.  Wtf does that have to do with my hot pocket b i t c h.
Juan_Madden::Now were talkin,I feel bad for the Bucks....do yall know how I can hit a b i t c h without leaving a mark?
Jubin3567::tell her that sandwich isn't gonna make itself
robdiaz2191::go spurs go?
Td4mvp3::lol good one bro
Td4mvp3::"the clips are the front runners out west and favorite to win it all"                        - said no one ever
bigvibes93::"Tony Parker is better than CP3  said no smart person ever
yo_mama_69_oh_yeah::has that ever been said about the Jazz???
dmcmorris08::That is a spurs fan that said that.... You can tell by the Td4mvp3!
diego3494::jerry sloan said
olwildcory723::Instead of a Billups hand-slap, maybe they should just replay the game from the spot of the foul...would be much more fun
