Dave Fritz::"WELCOME BACK CHAUNCEY"!!
Roger Labelle::pistons are gonna win
Robbie Wittman::Wizards win by 15...grab 7 seed
Scott Carter::STOP DRINKING ALREADY!!!
Bobby Hney::u related to Randy Wittman?
Dave Fritz::You need to stop taking the over the counter drugs dude!!
Brent B Jacoby::josh smith 8/11 with 5 assists 5 boards. pistons playing awesome.  hope all the haters are watching this game
Brian P. Taylor::The question is how many beers Billups will have while sitting at home watching the Wizards in the playoffs
Paul Voelz::Wizards? playoffs? looks like we gotta comedian in here.
Geoff Starling::Ha, I think Pistons team is better. When the Pistons win tonight keep in mind they are missing their starting backcourt and their best shooting wing in Luigi Datome. But the Pistons frontcourt is so much better than the Wiz, Nene can't handle Monroe, Smith and Drummond by himself. Gortat? Please he's not in the conversation. He's a good depth player, thats it.
Collin Smith::Geoff StarlingA depth player really? It was only two years ago where he averaged 16 points and 10 rebounds.......
Shawn Muth::WIZARDS!!!
Geoff Starling::watching that game again it sure looks like KCP is the fastest, quickest, most agile player on the court tonight, not J. Wall....
Antonio Omar Negron::Just now tuning in. looks like the wizards have been getting worked by the pistons pretty much all game.
Eric Bell::Loving Chauncey's leadership on the court, and with the younger players in general.
Scott Szczepanek::For sure....getting Stuckey and Jennings back healthy, and staying healthy, a definite playoff team, still a little sketchy on our coach, but we shall see;)
Jay Brick::Wizards suck go pistons
Brett Reid::Nene is a cancer
Nate Gilbo::Wiznation
Jevin Terry::How does a fool who drafted Dorko over D-Wade, Melo and Bosh still have a job????  The Toilet will never recover from that draft.  Joe Dumars is a joke and has ZERO clue what he's doing!  Trades away Brandon Knight as well????  Hilarious!!!!!  Ready yourself for yet another horrible year in the armpit of America.
Chris Headley::Knight was terrible. At the very best he had potential to be a mediocre starter. I don't agree with the acquirements of Smith and Jennings necessarily, but they do give us a chance.
David Kim::You obviously have no idea what you're talking about. Whoopee-doo Dumars made one horrible draft pick. Other than Darko, he's been one of the best drafters in the league. And please, you'd rather have Brandon "Can't play PG" Knight over Brandon Jennings? You're delusional.
Ryan Ostrowski::The answer to your first question is simple in three parts first he won a championship that same year. That team also went to six eastern championships. And finally it's not really fair to see over dwade and bosh because during that draft they weren't even thought of that highly, there was a top three of Lebron, melo and darko. And the reason they went with darko over melo is because they had hope that second year prospect prince would turn out to be a defensive stopper.  This really wasn't that bad of a choice in the moment. But second guessing things is always easier than actually looking into the actually reasons.
Mike Ockeslong::Gortat, 17 minutes, 9 Reb, 9 pts, and a BLK.  All looks good until you see why he only most likely only had 17 minutes, 5 fouls.  Though his stats in 17 minutes were as good as an avg center with 30 minutes, he better clean up those fouls if he wants to see the starting line up anytime soon.
Geoff Starling::He also did a lot of that damage vs. Monroe, who's a passable team defender but horrid when it comes to stopping his own guy from scoring at the rim. Monroe also looked exhausted, at least 3 buckets Gortat got on stick backs that Monroe had position on but no legs.
Victor Beauchamp::Nene's inability to catch the basketball is really hurting us out there. Wall's made a bunch of nice inside dishes to him, setting him up wide open under the basket, but he keeps dropping it. If he catches those, it's an easy dunk.
Jake Gibbs::Best thing about this game for Detroit was Billups on the court and Drummond on the bench in the last few minutes.  Pistons actually made free throws tonight. Very smart to keep Drummond on the bench late in games.
Josh O'Brien::This Pistons' team has potential.  Strong inside defense and offense, leadership skills, and perimeter threats to make other teams play honest and not crowd the paint.  Go PISTONS!!!
Josh O'Brien::Oh, and MR. BIG SHOT, to hit clutch 3s in the fourth quarter.  Welcome back Chauncey!!!!
Geoff Starling::Pistons can't get a single call on their home court. I think all 10 violations, 5 offensive fouls, 3 call reversals and 20 fouls have gone against them. Refs have some good money on the Wiz.
Eric Bell::Really liking Smith's work with the Pistons so far. He seems to fit in pretty well, and everyone is working like a team. Hoping they can keep it up and make the playoffs this season.
Eric Bell::Wizards are playing pretty aggressive in the second half. Pistons need to buckle down and stay alert, or their lead will be gone.
Timothy J. Casey::KCP's struggling to find his groove on offense, but he's got some potential as a scorer. His defense is already impressive.
Geoff Starling::Just shut down a J recovered and stripped beal.
Timothy J. Casey::Geoff Starling  Yup. Gotta love that tenacity. Not giving up anything easy.
Eric Bell::Was just about to say that Singler needs to get off the court, but he made a great play right there. Good plays from both teams all game.
Raheel Ali::Josh Smith has taken 7 threes? He never learns. Have fun watching that this season, Detroit fans.
Geoff Starling::His problem isn't the 3's. He actually shoots it pretty decent. He shot them all preseason too, and now in the regular season and has been one of the best.   His problem is all the 2 pt jumpers he forces. But he shot exactly 0 of those tonight. Sorry you guys didn't know how to coach him in Atlanta.
Brian Keith::hit 4
Brian Keith::3
Philip Kenroy::I guess I've been living under a rock for a year. I had no idea Chauncey Billups is back with Detroit.
Geoff Starling::He's been back for 1 game. He just resigned a couple months ago over the dead of the summer.
Scott Szczepanek::I'm thinking we'll use Chauncey like Lakers did with D-Fish....even at 37 Chauncey still can ball, hopefully we didn't bring him back just as a name to draw fans, foolish if we did...
Victor Beauchamp::Hoping Wall can find his groove in the 2nd half, he's not finishing at the hoop too well right now.
David Kim::Have you seen Detroit's frontcourt? Who would want to drive to the basket when their opponents have 3 giants at the front?
