Skylander14::The Mavs remind me of the Wolves in the years prior to trading KG. A team that is about .500 with one superstar surrounded by mediocre talent. Hopefully the Mavs do not take as long to rebuild like the Wolves have.
MinniWolves90::$@%!
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::The Timberwolves season could have been so much different if not for the injuries.  It's the way she goes.  Get a high draft pick.  Next year will be better.
Louis the III::David khan needs to resign
brandonstephensy::Twolves should get Zeller
wunderrr::Zeller is versatile big man but damn soft, watching him for 2 years
Louis the III::Soo soft....no thanks
scv1981::Put those razors down! Shaving is for closers.  -Spurs
NC State Wolpack 1::Wish Mavs could get in the playoffs but schedule is brutal
crooked ernie::yo Phil, still think we r better off without Klove? you so silly!!
scoopjackson_21::Great win Wolves!! Cassell and sprewell looked great!!!
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::i liked the mavs unis
Rockets_blowout_teams_by_30::hihi
COWHAWKFAN::Mavs need to keep winning against these weak teams as they have a tough stretch of opponents coming up. Luckily, most of those games are at home.
mattzach825::It would be nice if the twolves had their 5 stars back... Love Pec Kirilanko Budinger and Roy, with them we would seriously be right there with the thunder, thats how good we were when only love and rubio were out!
dwighthowardsamazing::Slight exaggeration they would probably be the 6th seed right ahead of golden state right now. but I get the point
Volans19::Counting away the losses that make up a dull season One loss, closer to the draft  -Pink Floyd
Someone Crushed my Peaches::Dallas 8-26 vs .500 or better teams ..........vs below .500  teams 21-7 ........Keep playing awful teams
Tams92::Heat fan is still crying over the Mavs spanking them on their home court in the Finals, lol.
LetsGoMavs-::Hey a$$ hole stop trolling mavs games and mavs blogs all the time. How about you stop being a pu $$ y and tell us who you root for?
mnsportsmaan::schved needs to go to the d league and work on his shot, we can find people not even playing basketball right now that have a better shot selection and shot overall than him.
polomontana::Adelman is the wrong Coach for the Wolves and please don't elevate Terry Porter to Head Coach.  They need a young, dynamic Coach like a Brian Shaw.
Minnysota Vikings::I like Fred Hoiberg. Former Wolves player and currently doing a great job with Iowa State.
polomontana::That would be a good choice also.
DallasFreakingStars::What happened to the mavs? Used to be such an exciting team, the only reason i would occasionally watch b ball
ck675::you can thank mark cuban for that one
-Mavs-Fan-::The Glorious fight for 9th place. Yet another pointless win that only hurts our chances of getting a good lottery pick and nothing else. The Mavs have become the Cowboys of the NBA. Just good enough to miss the play-offs only keeps teams in mediocre limbo. Just what the heck are you up to these days anyway Cubes?! You'll lose the fans soon if you can't turn it around, just like the Stars.
DallasFreakingStars::Stars sell out now if you didnt know.....huge stars fan here. We'll be contending for cups in 2 years--just watch
COWHAWKFAN::Id love to see that. Playoff hockey is the greatest spectator sport!!
i-just-ate-a-whole-bag-of-chips::Wolves just made Vince Carter look like he is still good
LetsGoMavs-::VC = 6th man of the year
gooseydan::T-wolves  SUCK SUCK SUCK SUCK. Disgraceful, pitiful, disgusting, deplroable, pathetic, paltry, miserable, dismal, wretched, depressing, bleak, drab,....other than that they just aren't that good.
wunderrr::you guys are real analysts
wunderrr::sorry thats an obvious timewaste...have a nice day and thanks for attending this game
i-just-ate-a-whole-bag-of-chips::ok. so what are your thoughts professor?
Minnysota Vikings::They're outmatched talent-wise and mentally. A promising season destroyed by injuries has to be tough to play through. Plus Adelman doesn't seem like a coach that inspires positive thoughts when things go bad.
Skylander14::Just because an NBA team is from MN doesn't mean they have to be inferior talent-wise and mentally weak. You just sound like a bitter fan who should probably tune off the sports talk for a couple weeks.
gooseydan::MN NBA teams are always like this no matter what.. They'll 99.9% never win the title. George Mikan  led the old MN Lakers to championships. Now that they are the LA Lakers they too are dispicable.
i-just-ate-a-whole-bag-of-chips::agreed. they play with no defensive intensity whatsoever
blabla2k::wolves got bunghole fuked by mavs
Degenerate Drunk::When Does Adelman get fired?
gooseydan::Very doubtful they'll terminate Adelman. This is the mentality of the wolves front office.
Skylander14::You are an idiot.
Minnysota Vikings::Wolves need to hire Fred Hoiberg!
riodejeremy::He only lost 80 percent of his starting five.. dont know how thats his fault
Scottpilgrim32::April 20th
Minnysota Vikings::GG Mavs fans. It'll be interesting to see if Mark Cuban makes a big splash in free agency this offseason.
Scottpilgrim32::Hope so. Honestly If we can just get Josh Smith and dump Kaman, I think we'll improve significally. but that's just me
ck675::we'll need more than that
BALLIN_LIKE_JORDAN::TWOLVES BLOW UP THE TEAM TANK FOR WIGGINS A REAL STAR  LOVE IS A FAKE STAR
brandonstephensy::TWOLVES will only get White GUys
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::hahaahaa
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::twolves still the best tho haha
BALLIN_LIKE_JORDAN::T WOLVES HOT DOO DOO
Abner7716::i believe Mavs can do it! Mavs all the way...
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::don't get your hopes up mavs this win doesn't show anything wolves starting lineup tonight was worst ever
wunderrr::winning teams are usually overrating us :) same with gamblers...just then to stop by here and tell that wolves suck
i-just-ate-a-whole-bag-of-chips::just give Miami the trophy already and start the NCAA tourney. NBA season is too long
wunderrr::too bad heat dont have to play through the west
riodejeremy::Mavs will make the playoffs. Utah/Trailblazers in free fall...  GSW out to
47riley47::Having the tie against the rockets
justfilmit::You are forgetting that even if they pass Utah/Trailblazers, they'd still be at 9. Rockets/Lakers aren't exactly falling...
Scottpilgrim32::slow down slow down. Let's take this 1 game at a time.
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::hahahhaahhhahahaa
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::mavericks fighting for 10th place lol gl mavs
i-just-ate-a-whole-bag-of-chips::Wolves fans needs to change cat photos to ping pong balls
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::go portland baby woot woot
Scottpilgrim32::YES Blazers lose and Mavs win. moving on up
wunderrr::good luck man, go mavs
wunderrr::"Mavs crush Twolves" ouch that hurts "Fox Mavericks"
Abner7716::yes baby hornets win...mavs can possibly takes portland position
wunderrr::3 trolls and only 200 comments, bad work...................
Abner7716::Hornets please win!
Scottpilgrim32::Come on Hornets! hold on
i-just-ate-a-whole-bag-of-chips::Wolves team goal is to win the Lottery every season.
Minnysota Vikings::I can't believe I'm saying this, but I think we need to let Shved go. He might be the worst player on the team right now.
Cain-Marko::I agree with Minny.  Let Shved go.  0-7 and -25 tonight might be clouding my judgement but still
polomontana::I told people  who were loving Shved and putting down Williams that the statistics show if you give D-Will the minutes, he will produce
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::eehhh.. this season is lost anyways, may as well keep him so we get a better draft pick. maybe he'll turn it around
polomontana::D-Will baby!!  So much for Shved!!
ModsLikeToEatCurry::Hey Jabba what were you doing when Manchester United was playing Chelsea. Must have been a tough time for you
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::Ya I like dortmund, hate chelsea and man city and barca, just have them on favs for my app
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::$@%!$@%
andyyy_85::HEJA BVB ;)
i-just-ate-a-whole-bag-of-chips::this was quite possibly the worst NBA game in the annals of history
Him Down Stairs1::Mavs win again...  so we just moving further away in the lotto....
polomontana::Shved 0-7!!  All you guys were sucking his dick and putting down Williams.  The stats showed if you give D-Will the minutes he would produce.
Degenerate Drunk::It must be tough to attract players to a frozen wasteland like Minnesota. I'd always be "injured" too.
ModsLikeToEatCurry::Derrick Williams, Kevin Love, Ricky Rubio, Johnny Flynn. This just of the top of my head. All lottery picks yet yall are going to the lottery year in year out
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::you're an idiot
Scottpilgrim32::This was quite possibly the most fundamentally sound game from the Mavs that I've seen all year long. Sure it was against the T Wolves, But it was a road game and the mavs know they have to do whatever it takes to make a push. And we actually didn't squander a huge lead during the game for once. Good work Mavs Let's keep it up. The Bucks are next
JabbaWockeeZ_MN::this win shouldn't count honestly
