michaelkillian1::4500
DannyMejia9MVP::4500!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DannyMejia9MVP::4499
DannyMejia9MVP::4498
DannyMejia9MVP::4497
DannyMejia9MVP::4496
DannyMejia9MVP::4495
DannyMejia9MVP::4494
DannyMejia9MVP::4493
DannyMejia9MVP::4492
DannyMejia9MVP::4491
DannyMejia9MVP::4490
DannyMejia9MVP::4489
DannyMejia9MVP::4488
bustasports::full nba 2011 re-draft  kenneth faried 2nd pick, enes kanter 17th  this was actually a good draft, but the draft order wasn't right  http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.ca/2012/03/full-20...
5TexasFight J.R.10::The nuggets finally played a little defense. happy to see we are starting to play our best when the season is winding down. even though its only one game its a lot of improvement from the t-wolves game. I broke my damn remote over that game. i was a little mad
I_bleed_raz0rback_red::It is nice to read some good comments on here from non haters (miami fans)   I am a bulls fan, but damn... Did the Nuggets come out and play last night? I enjoy watching the Nuggets and the way Coach GC has them running every possession, very fun to watch.  Stay classy Nugget fans, hope you all can secure a playoff spot!
JustineS04::Thanks, unfortunately that was an uncharacteristically solid performance. Hoping to see more of it. Good luck to you guys (not that you need it)!
michaelkillian1::JustineS04 - Thanks, unfortunately that was an uncharacteristically solid performance. Hoping to see more of it. Good luck to you guys (not that you need it)!  that was will brave
pspank1::Yeah the cheerleaders can make things very sour on this board.  But they've been losing so they not going to come over here just yet and talk.
chadhenne07::not that serious...u cant win everygame, sweep it under the rug and get ready for ATL .........no reason to panic unless u lose back to back games to OKC and pacers *cough* "miami" *cough*
GrizzK4::Not to burst your bubble chad, but those are 2 pretty good teams :P Don't get me wrong, I love seeing the Heat lose! But at least it was to good teams!
Rossi46Doctor::Like the Bucks x2?
LeoPat11::God told Derrick to rise so Derrick Rose.
GrizzK4::SO SICK OF THIS.
drpeterman::God told Derrick to wait until his groin was completely healed so he's healthy for the playoffs so  Derrick chilled.
cellus24::derrick rose after the lost to the nuggets http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzdAINOuH5k&amp;feature=channel i seriously hope he get's better soon we need him if were gonna have any chance of beating miami or orlando in the playoffs
Gex.2::i gotta say - every time the bulls looked like they were making a run, denver would knock down a 3 and maintain the lead.  They just couldn't miss when it mattered most.  We dug ourselves a hole in the 3rd and denver never let up and kept us in it.
icefishie03::I'll be honest here and say I was VERY surprised at the level the nuggets played at.. thats not to say I had no faith in them but the Bulls did not back down offensively. Every time you guys knocked down shots I would be holding my breath. I don't ever remember another game where we made that many 3's.. or that many field goals in general lol. If it were the nuggets a couple days ago playing.. it would be a blowout the other way around. I have never seen this intensity. I hope it lasts lol cuz it kinda sucks having hope to get a stable playoff spot and then losing to a subpar team.. But you guys are one killer team. I watched the game against the heats. Total respect for the way everyone stepped up and played unselfishly.
spokharkar::I am bulls fan but I couldn't watch last two games. Deng and Brewer are not playing up to their potential (poor shooting percentage). Also Nova is playing horrible, he is not in top 5 rebounding category in NBA and bulls are paying 12mill for what (offense)?? I don't like Boozer but at least he has improved little but still plays poor against good team. I think we need more fire power otherwise we will not be able to match up against more offense (OKC, MIA, DEN....)
Danny74068::3rd qtr. is killing us.  Seems that the rim gets smaller for some reason and this is not the 1st game the Bulls do this.  Defense was very poor for the Bulls, they kept driving the ball in like if no one was there to contest the layups.
RyanCarranza::Really not worried... The record speaks for itself.
RyanCarranza::Considering the Bulls already clinched... This was obviously a bigger game for the Nuggets, but losing just sucks.  But hey!  Still the best in the NBA!  Just awaiting the return of Rip and our MVP
Choose your member name::No excuses, beat down. Just got to put this one in the L column and move on.
RyanCarranza::Pretty much.  Really no harm done either considering Miami lost as well
jetman5312::why can't boozer learn to play defense? WTF is a matter with him? I also wonder why thibs didnt sub in Taj earlier in that 3rd quarter. Once Omer and Taj subbed in.... the shots were more contested and they were not giving up easy points in the paint. Unfortunately the nuggets were on fire and were hitting everything including off balance shots... so the bulls could never make up for that horrible 3rd quarter.
I_bleed_raz0rback_red::You cannot blame the lack of defense on Boozer.  No one played defense last night.
pspank1::We were due for a loss.  And the Way Denver played that was the game to lose...  They look good.  Especially Lawson and the Rokkie down low with the locks in his head...  Good game Denver..  Now Atl which will be another tough one.  JJ just got player of the week.  He's putting up big numbers.  We are going to have a hard one tomorrow night too.    GO BULLS!
I_bleed_raz0rback_red::Denver can be a very dangerous team.  If they hit there shots, it is hard to compete with them.  They have a very fast and athletic team.
tmdm767::That was a beat down folks.
izzygotgame::Go bulls its our year
bludmn7::Watson -28 and lucas +3!
paul2285::Nugz showed they can beat anybody anywhere, but the question is whether they can keep it going.  This team is so up and down that I just don't see that happening but we'll see.  I bet they lose to the boobcats on friday
I_bleed_raz0rback_red::And they are like 28-6 with Rose.
RoushYatesRockets16::without*
paul2285::not comparing Gallo to Rose, just saying plus the Bulls are like 12-5 w/out Rose
mccoywajmu::im not playing the injury card but please dont compare not having gallinari to not have a top 7 nba player....thats just stupid
paul2285::Injuries really?? please don't go there No Gallo
RoushYatesRockets16::They showed they can beat the Bulls with their starting back court which includes a reigning MVP
Danny74068::Of course.. The one game I can watch on TV and see the Bulls win big they blow it big...ggrrr.  Congrats Nuggets Fan
rynodesign::That was a much more important game for Nuggets since they are fighting for their playoffs lives. Good win for them at the UC, tough to do. Bulls gotta bounce back and win the next one against ATL.
Pusherman3::Nuggets actually played well!  Not sure how that happened, they have been terrible lately.
tomBabauts::Danilo's injury somewhat affected their play. And  there are a lot of new guys in the line up. Chandler and McGee.
DannyMejia9MVP::Good Game, Chicago. Wish the best of luck to you in the future. GO NUGGETS!
Nuggets number one tatted fan::Thank god the nuggets won, I was gonna.down a bottle of Bacardi and go drive on the highway if they didnt
btpkk::did you hear Stacey King talk about how tough Denver's Miller is not missing any games with a separated shoulder? maybe a slap in the face to D-Rose
I_bleed_raz0rback_red::Would you rather Rose play and have the chance to major injure himself for the rest of the season and miss the playoffs, or have him sit out 2-3 weeks and lose 2-3 games?  Easy choice.
dcovey8433::The only time Miller has missed a game his whole career was from a bs suspension. The guy is an animal
Brocos615::The Bulls can afford to sit players, we cant
xxdeathshotxx::denvers fighting for a playoff spot. the bulls already are in, no point in rose or rip playing.
Gex.2::or rip... since thats almost the same injury he has
chisoldier::I wish I could go back and find my comment from yesterday when I said the Bulls would drop this game.  I felt it.  At least Miami lost also so the Bulls didnt lose any ground in the loss column.  I fully expect them to rebound.  Remember the Bulls are the only team in the league that haven't lost back to back games.  So ATL better get ready.  Hopefully Rose is ready to return for that game as well.
Gex.2::atl could be dangerous with JJ back in action and playing pretty well
Gex.2::good game nuggets fans, nothing much to say about it, you were on point last night
hapatino::more like  it was a total dismantling of the Bulls - at home on top of that.
dcovey8433::The troll of the day award goes to.....
Gex.2::are you actually trying to cover up for miami's last two utter collapses?  this game was long overdue for us.  you wont see any b*tching here (meanwhile... in the miami boards...)
soxmandan90::I called it. Nuggets are a good team. But Bulls will rebound. Go Bulls!
thumbfar::Beware Ty Lawson!
brcoke::boozer and kover can not be on the court at the same time EVER
Danny74068::I swear that Rim gets smaller on the 3rd Qtr for the Bulls.  This happens all the time, they need to work on that.   That was a horrible defensive game, but they need to fix that 3rd qtr problem soon.
Jaguarcrazyboy::Good game DEN. Yall got us good.. Look for Bulls to rebound.GO BULLS
stokez5802::Good game.But you know what happens when you BEAT US!!!!See you in the play-offs!Good game.
DenverNick42::I'll take that
xxdeathshotxx::you honestly think we are going to see denver in the playoffs?
pkenny69::I have been following a sports betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for two months straight just following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st or 2nd page of Google when I found it.I recommend this betting system to anyone that is looking for a system that actually works and will make you money like it has for me
tomBabauts::It's ok the Bulls already clinched a playoff spot. The Bulls learned from the playoffs last year. Rose was exhausted and they are preserving Rose for the playoffs. How can you miss many games with just a stiff neck? LOL
NBA_refs_are_weak::youre right and youre wrong. they arent going out of their way to rest him, ala the spurs with duncan. its certainly a legit injury, but if they NEEDED him to play, he could. they are just erring on the side of caution because they earned that right by winning as many games as they have. even if they did slip a couple spots, they have some wiggle room because they played so great, which is good for them, and they are using it with derricks injury. its definitely the right move, because groin injuries are the kind of thing where he could play the rest of the games this regular season, then during the first round bam he reaggrevates it and then you have a real problem. just let it get 110% even if it means some losses when he COULD play. its better long term
ChicagoSportsFTW8510::stiff neck?  he has an injured groin
tomBabauts::Just kidding. Kobe would play with that kind of injury though. It's not the knees. It's not a career threatening injury.   The Bulls are obvious they are preserving Rose for the playoffs which I think is a good move. They learn from last year that it doesn't matter that you get the top seed the important thing is everybody is healthy in the playoffs especially you superstar.
ChicagoSportsFTW8510::tough loss but can't win em all.  As long a we have #1 before the playoffs its good
hapatino::The #1 seed worked wonders for you all last year
mpnaught::Tough game for the Bulls....they still top our Power Rankings though  http://www.chicagosportslife.com/?p=3869
FranklinStrut::We lost. That sucks. We still have the best record in the NBA. You are second, at best. Bulls Rule.
troll tebow::bulls lose = WELL ROSE DIDNT PLAY SO ITS OK bulls win = HAHA WE WON WITHOUT ROSE SO WE'RE THE BEST
markos kolioulis::bulls fans know they need rose to beat the heat in the playoffs troll
PidhiZi::Lucas will take care of Lebron again..
airmike2334::denver dominated the bulls defense, plain and simple. GO BULLS
