Nolan Hughes::At the start of the 4th quarter of the Bobcats game back on December 20th I really thought this team had a great chance of being the #4 seed in the Eastern Conference. And since that 14pt 3rdQ lead turning into a 10pt loss this team just hasn't been playing with any intensity except for Stuckey and Drummond.
Paul Schmidt::The starting backcourt scored 6 points.  Unbelievable.
Jenny Allsop::For the pistons, you might not even have a chance to win this game at all!!!
Geoff Starling::Oh my god. So the pistons have been called for 6 fouls on Jump shots, all of them after the release. B. Jennings just gets hit across both forearms by griffin (rewound it 3 times) causing the shot to come up 4 ft short and NO CALL.. 2 mins later, Griffin grabs Smith on the drive, then jumps in to him on the release, then follows through and gets all arm.. 3 fouls, none called. Yeah, this game is 'balanced'
Mohamed Nouadir::So is this what the NBA has become? give a foul to the better team every play down to keep espn happy?
Mike Williams::dear pistons,  I DO NOT EXPECT U GUYS TO WIN   BUT PLEASE BE COMPETETIVE   clippers 101 pistons 92 is GOOD  clippers 117 pistons 83 is BAD
Geoff Starling::It would be a tight game if the 1st half was reffed with any degree of integrity. Clipps went cold and the refs just bailed them out to the FT line for the rest of the half. So many FT's on just totally bogus calls, and they got Drummond out of the game on cheap ones, he swatted Griffin clean. The jump shot fouls on Detroit were just preposterous, every one of them was marginal contact way after the shot was gone. And the Pistons got stranded with no call on about 6 arm fouls at the hoop
Andre Mirzayan::Geoff Starling  how much did u bet on the pistons lol
Geoff Starling::Andre Mirzayan - None. The jump shot FT's LA got were awful calls, and the Refs were dying to call them. I dont know if Cheeks or some player said something the refs didnt like, but you could tell the refs were praying that some hair follicle would touch a LA player before the shot was rebounded so they could invent a call. And Drummond did reject Griffin clean, and JJ Reddick was standing way out of bounds with the ball in his hands and the refs let LA get a dunk on the play. Just odd.
Andre Mirzayan::lets go clips ezzzziest bet of DAY
John Osaki Jr.::Blake Griffin is moving up the ladder as an MVP candidate! Griffin fans, check out his great chapter and projected rankings in the new book of basketball NBA's 50 Greatest Basketball Players of All-Time on Amazon.com
George Riley::I'll say it now.  Jordan is probably one of the greatest players to ever play this game.  The Clippers are lucky to have him on their team.  Signed:  The most uneducated basketball fan in the world!
Geoff Starling::Ha ha JJ Reddick on the drive and dropoff dunk for Griffin stepped on the sideline twice. Once on the catch, once when he put the ball down. More than half of both feet were out of bounds and the refs missed it???
Justin Nixon::just like I said at the beginning of the year, knew eventually Jennings would show his true colors.. enjoy your investment clowns
J.W. Madden::He is averaging 16 points and 8 assists Nostradamus.
Justin Nixon::J.W. Madden all numbers are down except assists, and even with his assists so are his turnovers Joe Stats
J.W. Madden::I'm not a Piston's fan, I'm not a Jennings fan... I'm just pointing out the irony of a person, such as yourself, who is both trying to pat himself on the back for predicting the downfall of a guy who is averaging All-Star type numbers... and doing so after he had one bad game.    Just a word of advice, wait until the end of the season, when the Pistons get knocked out of the playoffs and it's because he has a bad game to gloat about your prediction.... would be more impactful.
JD Scott::I liked the line-up they had for the final few minutes. That's the best (maybe only) defensive line-up the Pistons can throw out there.
Justin Taslak::wow collison just got mugged. refs have been completely one-sided this quarter, tryna make the game close so vegas makes bank.
C.n. Muhney::I took Pistons 1st half dog ML to lead, small play,  2 team parlayed with Villanova -5.5
Jared Pinero::That's risky
C.n. Muhney::Jared Pinero  ,  home team , early game , lots of NBA and CBB home team dogs cover 1st half,  I'd rather lay 2-3 points but it was +1.5 and dog ML was +115 so I figured the 1.5 is meaningless,   CLIPS either cover it easy or Clips are sluggish and wakeup in the 2h
Jared Pinero::C.n. Muhney  you have a point bro. I have Clips covering the line. You watching the game?
Cory Nope::Jennings distributor role is killing his own offense.
Jared Pinero::Anyone have a link that I can have to watch the game?
Justin Hohnerlein::Is it on Espn app?
Jared Pinero::Justin Hohnerlein nope :/ people normally hook me up with links lol
Justin Hohnerlein::Oh
Andre Mirzayan::question is how many will they win by 20 30 40 50?
Ali Lukie Ozeir::Not a bad game for BG 25,5,5
Andre Mirzayan::this game is over brO
Rajib Hossain::w.a.t.c.h Live Online Click Here >> http://w.atch.me/r4WGDG  w.a.t.c.h Live Online Click Here >> http://w.atch.me/r4WGDG  w.a.t.c.h Live Online Click Here >> http://w.atch.me/r4WGDG  w.a.t.c.h Live Online Click Here >> http://w.atch.me/r4WGDG  w.a.t.c.h Live Online Click Here >> http://w.atch.me/r4WGDG  w.a.t.c.h Live Online Click Here >> http://w.atch.me/r4WGDG  w.a.t.c.h Live Online Click Here >> http://w.atch.me/r4WGDG
