Jacks_Link::.
DaveOK69::<b></b>
George7844::For those who are down on J Lin and Harden......These two weren't meant to be the whole answer to the Rockets' problem, but they ARE two key pieces to the puzzle. They (the Rockets) are just a PF and a big man (proficient scorer) away from a very competitive team (contender). That light at the end of the tunnel has gotten significantly brighter with the addition of those two !!!
twasbury::What's with announcers always confusing Thabo and Kevin Martin?
anti900::Casual fans wouldn't know the difference...lol
twasbury::I can understand mixing them up on a play or something, but when you're doing highlights and have a speech about how Kevin Martin is Harden's replacement, it might help to make sure they have that the person you're talking about is the right person on the highlight.
anti900::#LightSkinDudeProblems
MiraclesBoys33::the Rockets played tues nite at home, flew to Minn for funeral, arrived OKC Weds. afternoon.
Liberal Feminist::I love James Harden's game as much as the next guy, but I think the Rockets paid too much for him.    The Free Agent pool is not as sexy as it has been over the past couple of years and the Rockets have lost all their IMPORTANT draft picks.  I'm not sold on Jeremy Lin and so you're left with James Harden and everyone else.
anti900::Not Really The Theory is in Paying for Upside  Which  is more realistic Wait to Draft a Hakeem or a jordan in the Draft or poaching Talent from other teams? I am mainly referring the advanced analysis that Dork Elvis uses.  As a Collective Team Harden, Asik, Lin, Donatas, Machado, Parsons, Cook are a Bargain.  The 2011 Rockets were talented as well but being stuck in the middle is basketball purgatory
Sonic_Sooner::Isn't paying huge contracts to guys like Jeremy Lin and James Harden the polar opposite of the moneyball theory?
anti900::The Rockets play Money ball, They Have a great eye  for talent. They Let a lot talented guys go and found more talent. Guys Like Harden, Lin,  and Asik are niche Talents. The Main problem with last years team was too much redundant talent. The Rockets Know How to Judge talent period.
Hank10593::That was a factor, but definitely not an excuse to give up 120 points. The conclusion I can make is that this Rockets team is still very young, and there are a lot of things they need to work on in order to be able to run deep into playoffs. The goal for this year for the Rockets is just to get into playoffs. In addition, I think Rockets is missing a piece or two to be a genuinely good team. Their bench also needs improvement.
4 Petes Sake::They were fatigued, I agree.  Although I believe the result would've been the same, it just wouldn't have been by 22 points.
I will Suh you::yep that is why they lost.
tungcn2010::All you Lin haters need to $@%!. Thus far, the Rockets far than exceeded expectations. Even with yesterdays loss, the Rockets looked like an improved team every time out. As bad as Lin has played so far, even he has progressively improved. Hey, they weren't even supposed to make the playoffs this year, even with Harden... remember? All you haters are making all kinds of excuses to discredit Lin or Harden or any one involved in the Rockets organization.
HookemHelwig::Who said they weren't supposed to make the playoffs.....and since when do pros with big contracts have time to "progress".  That is what college, Europe and minor leagues are for.  I would like to see Lin and Harden do well, and millions of $$$ should allow fans and ownership some expectations beyond just being better than last year.
Liberal Feminist::Uhhhhh??? in case no one has stated the obvious here.........the big 3 in Boston DID win a Championship their first year together in 2007-2008.    I know this because Jeff Green was drafted by the "supersonics" in 2007 because they traded Ray Allen to get the draft pick from Boston.  Durant and Green were drafted in the same class.  This sticks out in my mind because the team that traded J. Green to get Ray Allen (Boston) ended up trading for him again in exchange for Kendrick Perkins.
tungcn2010::Dude, they played 15 games. They DID have a few quality games. Stop contradicting yourself.  Besides Harden, no one else on the Rockets have Max contracts. The Big threes in Boston and Mia have just that. It's common sense to conclude that the Rockets are not yet contending.
HookemHelwig::Even worse reply, ..........who said anything about a championship.  I def did not say Lin and Harden are busts, and one or two bad games don't make them terrible either, but at the same time, it is more than okay to expect quality play more often than not, especially as playing time should allow them to gel. They should make the playoffs and the expectation to do so is justified.  Pffft.
tungcn2010::not a good reply.  Did the big 3 in Boston or Miami win a championship in their first year? They needed more than a Whole year to learn how to play with each other.  Like Melo proving that he deserves a max contract with first round playoff exits? Saying that Lin or Harden is a bust at this point is the same as saying Melo can take his team to the second round this year.
DodgersWinWS08::I am so glad I didn't take HOU +10...
RUMBLEizmyWINGMAN::all i have to say is ha! grass aint greener on the other side harden
bobbydagreat::Yeah it is....the other side has a whole lot more green....
I will Suh you::A third year rookie is a guy who couldn't play well enough to get on the court in his first two seasons?  Dude I call that a scrub in waiting.  He wasn't injured for two seasons.  He couldn't catch on at golden state and the knicks let him go.
rEdBuLxTaSy::GOOD JOB HANK!  HATERS ARE DELUSIONAL AND HAVE NO OPTIMISM IN LIFE.  THEY THINK A IS A AND B IS B ONLY WHEN IT'S A FACT THAT ABC RUNS THROUGH Z LOL :):):)
Hank10593::Undrafted rookies don't get opportunities to play and that was exactly the situation Lin was in. The second season was when Linsanity happened which was last year, and then he got injured. This is Lin's third season. C'mon man, you saw what he did during Linsanity. When everything clicks for him, he can be very good. Golden state already had pg positions filled up and they wanted to sign Deandre Jordan so they waived Lin. Knicks let him go because of all the stupid max contracts they gave to Amare, tyson and Melo. Tyson was probably the most deserving one out of the three. Melo hasn't proven that he can lead a team in playoffs.
Hank10593::I like some your insights, but I will have to disagree with some of the things that you said. I wouldn't imagine Lin dribbling to his left with his right hand all the time. Would it be too easy for the defender to take the ball from him if he dribbles that way all the time? I haven't paid attention to where his teammates were assisted on the floor, so I will give that his pass to the left side of the floor is weak although I would like to see the statistics indicating that. "He can't cross from right to left into the lane when he gets in trouble or is hurried." again, I need video evidence of that. He gets caught backing out of the lane because the Rockets offense fills up the paint too much. Lin penetrated at will when played for Dantoni because of the space that Dantoni system created him. You do realize he is averaging 6.5 assists per game right? If players can telegraph his passes then he would not have that many assists per game. Consider another factor that the current rockets coach wants Harden to handle the ball more thatn 50% of the time, so Lin is not fully utilized as a pg. Just by watching last night's game, one of the thunder's game plan was definitely trapping Lin off the pick n'roll. You can go back and review that. As I said, Lin's shooting can be improved. The fact that he is not a bad free throw shooter proves my point. Carmelo Anthony widely regarded as a good shooter was not shooting well under Dantoni because Dantoni never trusted Melo (he never wanted Dantoni at first place). Lin was in the same situation as Melo, where Rockets coach does not believe in him. Lin was benched numbers of times for the given reason of his defense. However, his defense is very team oriented and his teammates were not on the same page with him. Numerous times Lin tries to help his teammates under the post and Rockets defense doesn't rotate resulting in wide open looks for Lin's matchup. Since when it's pg's job to rebound? The fact that Lin is getting 5 rbs per game is just a plus. Not all rebounds that Lin got was long rebounds anyway, otherwise the numbers would not be that high. Lin's height is not a disadvantage. Although he is not the fastest guy in the league, but he is pretty quick. That is why he was able to penetrate under Dantoni. I believe I covered everything you said in your post. Again, Lin is still 24. You don't know what he can develop into in the future. What you see now doesn't mean those are what you are going to see in next couple years. Lin has a long way to go.
I will Suh you::Ok I will bite.  Lin's left side is his weak side.  He continuously tries to go left with a right hand dribble.  His passes to the left side of the floor is weak.  He can't cross from right to left into the lane when he gets in trouble or is hurried.  That is why he gets caught backing out the lane.  His footwork telegraphs his passes.  You don't have to double him and you only need to shade him on defense.  Teams can live with his assist to turnover ratio and his shooting percentage is a great tradeoff to being able to double someone else.  The long rebounds he is able to get to looks good in the stats but it hides the fact that he has no worth inside.  His speed to height ratio causes him trouble with other guards.  I could go on and on.  He would match up well coming off the bench or in case of injury because teams only have a little time to prepare for upcoming games so he wouldn't exactly be on scouting reports.  Come playoffs, he will be a total liability after the first game.
Hank10593::Please address my basketball flaws in my previous comment, educate me. I consider myself one of the more logical Lin fans out there and I take pride in that. Never have I said Lin is a super star, but I do believe he has great potential to be a really nice player. I tried what you said on how pro would stop Lin, I came up with double teaming off pick and roll and intense D throughout the entire game. Whenever a player demands those two, he deserve to be in NBA. He has gone left plenty of times this year and I saw nothing wrong with him going left. Another one would be force him out of the paint, but Lin's shooting is something that can be worked on. That doesn't mean that he can stop improving his dribbling, but Lin is still very young at age of 24 so he can definitely improve various aspects of his game. You don't know what kind of player Lin can develop into in two years, so to say he is overpaid with 15 mil is not a fair comment.
I will Suh you::I won't address the obvious basketball flaws in your post.  To make it simple, take off your rose colored glasses and watch lin play.  As you are watching, ask yourself how would you stop lin.  Don't past the first three ways.  Then ask yourself how many ways would a professional think to stop him.  Then it becomes obvious.  As to his salary.  The 15 mil hit in the third year will weigh heavily against the salary cap.  No matter how much marketing earns, it won't increase the cap space.
Hank10593::You can predict the future? It took Steve Nash your two-time MVP 5 years to develop into a star. It wasn't til Nash's 5th season at age of 26 he had his breakout year averaging 15 and 7. I have never thought Lin would be able to keep Linsanity numbers up simply because NOBODY can. Chris Paul can't average 25 and 8, and nobody can. One's ceiling is not something that's set in stone, nobody thought Steve Nash would have a career like he did. As I said, Lin will give Rockets 25 mil back from the fans buying Lin's stuff and sponsors from Asia, so the contract is not stupid. I would say give Melo max contract is dumb because Melo has never prove himself as a leader, and that's just fact. Ain't nobody talking about that? Hold off your prejudice and just be happy there is someone like Lin playing in NBA. It gives NBA some fresh new air. Embrace the diversity bro.
RNYC::when are you going to realize that Linsanity was a flash in the pan.  A third standard deviation event.  I'm glad it happened b/c I love to see people work hard and live their dream and get got paid as a result.  But what you see now is what you will get.  His ceiling isn't that high at all.  At best he's a 14 and 7 player over an 82 game season.  That's good enough to have a career in the league, but that doesn't warrant 15mm in his 3rd season.  Morey was stupid to structure the deal that way.  The knicks let him go b/c tying up 15mm for Lin is dumb especially considering the existing contracts.
Donnies Dumplings::I'm amazed at how fast Houston fans have turned on Harden. Not even just Houston fans, but everyone busting Thunder fans balls right after the trade.
RNYC::Harden played an awful game due to a mixed bag of emotions and not being able to get them under control.  Lin played an awful game but that's been par for the course this season.  At the end of the day this team is young and needs a lot more help particularly at the PG position.  The more Lin plays the worse he looks.  That's just fact.
rEdBuLxTaSy::SERIOUSLY WHAT MORE DO YOU EXPECT FROM LIN WHEN COACH OR HARDEN DEMANDS THE BALL 70-80% OF THE TIME?  LIN IS BEST WHEN UTILIZED CORRECTLY...IN THIS CASE, HE'S THE ONE ADJUSTING TO HARDEN AS THE FACE OF THE FRANCHISE. :):):)
peakarach::lol! Lin number are actually are better than Harden.
Hank10593::I wouldn't call Lin's game awful. He didn't do enough, but he did his job as a pg. You would be asking too much if you want him to score 20 pts a game. Why is it so hard to give this kid a full season before people like you make ultimate conclusion about a 3rd year rookie? Give this kid a break.
sources says::I keep hearing about how D'Antoni was great for Lin. First, D'Antoni didn't want to play Lin. Knick fans kept calling for Lin to get minutes because of Tony Douglas was horrible. D'Antoni finally gave him a shot when Tony got injured. Then Lin knees broke down in 3 weeks.
RNYC::Carmelo advocated for Lin to play
Dawan208::Little did he know Lin would take the spotlight off him!    I'm sure he regretted advocating him to play!!!!!!!!!
Hank10593::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDTjCgVGgXo You are just completely wrong, dude. Quit hating.
Hank10593::Tony Douglas wasn't injured. Stop using false facts. Dantoni liked Lin a lot. He said numerous times that Lin is a good player even just recently when LA media interviewed him. He was thankful that Lin put everything back in order for him. One of the main reason Lin's knee broke down is because Dantoni was playing Lin 40+ minutes per game and they were winning.
Dawan208::So what's your point?
FTLakerFan::wow, houston has got some of the worst contracts in sports, paying huge salaries for worthless players, Lin's contract is a total joke, and Hardin's isnt much better
Dawan208::It's too early to judge this team, the rockets they might make the playoffs.   And Houston was missing its second points player Parson Chandler.   By the way Ftlakerfan lakers look like the Houston rockets.  Both trying to win key games!!!!   Both have same record I think.
texrcana24::Where did anyone ever use the word "rebuilding"???
NguyenDragon::What part of the word rebuilding do people not understand?
texrcana24::It's actually not too early to judge this team.  If I'm paying those kinds of salaries to players, I sure as heck don't have the mindset of "they might make the playoffs"  Chandler Parsons is an average player.  To think anything more is just plain ignorant.  Parsons would not have made one bit of difference in last night's game.  Cook actually scored more than Parson's season average and they still lost by 22.
Kitastrophy::Yes it is, that what I have been saying... a monkey could do a better job managing that team.
NguyenDragon::I am not fond of Morey but he finally made some moves that has potential... I am not sure why you hating... I cant wait to see what you have to say when this team puts it all together... Unlike ignorant fans around the league Houston knows its going to take at least a couple of years...
Hank10593::Kitastrophy - LINSANITY is a overpaid joke, another good one Houston!  Why do people bash Lin like he has killed their family? He did absolutely nothing wrong up til now. He was saying the right things, doing the right things, and playing up to expectations. About last night's game, if your pg had 8 assists, he did his job. Since when it's pg's job to score bunch of points? You wanna talk about ridiculous contract? There are a lot of them in the NBA, and I mean a lot. The amount of money that Lin's gonna generate to the rockets from the Asian fan base will make 25 mil easily without a doubt. Melo called Lin's contract ridiculous when he himself hasn't proved that he can lead his team in playoffs. 10 years and once past the first round, and people call him super star? People please. Plus, who bashes their colleagues for getting their money especially in pro sports? Nobody. Melo didn't like the attention that Lin was getting so he forced Dantoni out, and then he forced Lin out. It was so obvious. Melo is selfish scrub who can't lead a team.
Kitastrophy::He was only named the tournaments most outstanding player dude...
rEdBuLxTaSy::HAHA YOUR POINTS ARE A JOKE!  MELO IS WAY OVERRATED AND OVERPAID :):):)
Kitastrophy::And Syracuse wouldn't have been close without melo playing plain and simple
Hank10593::I am not trying discredit him from winning NCAA title, but to say Melo won the title by himself is just simply not the case. No titles are won by individuals, teams win championships. I say it all time even when I talk about MJ and kobe. They receive too much credits as if they won the titles by themselves. The teams they were in won the titles, but just them.
Kitastrophy::I can see your point about the asain fan base, but he still doesn't deserve that check, I don't care if there are other overpaid players in the league.  He is obviously one of them that is WAY overpaid.
Hank10593::How is he overpaid when Rockets can obviously gets the money back from the fans? You are not making any sense.
Kitastrophy::I don't like him either but he is a  hellof a player.  He won a national championship for syracuse all by himself.  Lin is way overpaid and I can't believe that a $@%! organization would spend their money like that.
Hank10593::You still didn't get my point. If Lin is overpaid by your definition, then everyone in this league is overpaid. You have no idea how much revenue can be made from the Asian fan base. 25 mil is nothing. Melo didn't win the national championship by himself. He scored less than 20 point in the title game.
Kitastrophy::LINSANITY is a overpaid joke, another good one Houston!
Kitastrophy::ohh and he single handedly won a National championship at syracuse.. yea he sucks
Dawan208::And ten years ago Kobe was unbelievable.    Things go south in Ten years!!!!!!!!
Kitastrophy::Melo was the leading scorer in the Olympics and balls outta control
Dawan208::Against foreign scrubs and on a all star club!
Kitastrophy::you all are delusional
Dawan208::How can you say he will never be good.  Are you a fortune teller.  You don't look like it!!!!
Kitastrophy::yea melo is a joke, he was just a part of the olympic team and NBA all star i don't even know how many times
bobbydagreat::Jeremy Lin will likely be voted an All Star starter this year....
bobbydagreat::Tracy McGrady was an NBA All Star a year when he didn't even play.
bobbydagreat::Shareef Abdur-Rahim was a part of an Olympic team....
bobbydagreat::Christian Laettner was a part of the Dream Team....again, what's your point?
bobbydagreat::I'm not exactly fond of Lin, but it sounds like you are just hating.
Kitastrophy::Mello called the contract a joke
NguyenDragon::I was odd to hear Melo hating on another players contract... I don't remember hearing that ever happening before...
sources says::it wasn't a trade. He called the poison pill in Lin's contract ridiculous
bobbydagreat::And I call Melo a joke....what's your point?
Kitastrophy::he is worth about 3 mill a year
peakarach::What about Stoudemire 5 yrs $100 millions or Joe Johnson 4 yrs $90 millions?
Kitastrophy::LMAO, Devin Harris has been a successful nba player a long time.  Lin never will be!
KD_does it::yo face makes my stomach hurt
bobbydagreat::8 mil a year isn't all that much, Devin Harris makes more and Lin is certainly better than Devin Harris.
bobbydagreat::The Rockets losing was to be expected, when you play an NBA game then travel from Houston to Minnesota for a funeral, then hop on a flight to OKC and play another NBA game all in only 24 hours you really can't expect any different.
NguyenDragon::Don't forget one of our better defenders didn't play...
Sonic_Sooner::I think it is time for the Thunder to give Jeremy Lamb some meaningful minutes.  Dood has a SWEET jumper.
texrcana24::it has been interesting that Lamb and Perry Jones both get passed over when the Thunder's offense has struggled at times this year.  Throw one of them in there with the 2nd team from time to time to see what they can do.  Both of them can shoot and handle the ball pretty well.  I am not Scott Brooks, nor am I in practices to see what it's like but I'm surprised that neither one of them (both first round draft picks) aren't getting more opportunities.
Kitastrophy::It's funny how Houston calls Harden a "foundation" player.  Yea if you wanna blow for 10 more years.
gosox393::24.5 ppg on 42.5 % shooting. 20.7 ppg on 41.8 % shooting. the first is harden and the second is westbrook. looks to me like harden is better, while playing with a worse supporting cast. if westbrook is an elite guard, harden is easily top 15, which makes him a foundational player.
Kitastrophy::If harden is a foundational player, than the foundation might as well be built on quick sand!
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Westbrook has KD  on his team so he doesn't have the ball near as much as harden. If Westbrook was the only star on his team he would easily have the same numbers I would say better numbers. So keep thinking like you are and be a homer.
Kitastrophy::Ohh and anyone that would pay Lin that kind of money deserves to suck for a long time
Kitastrophy::Yea okay, I'll give you 3 seasons... he isn't a foundation player he is a decent guard that you overpaid for
NguyenDragon::Houston is a young rebuilding team... How do you know that he isn't?  Maybe give him at least season before making an ignorant comment...
Edudlufetips3::you seem disproportionately angry about something an organization should be saying about their new big acquisition. you have a crush on him or something?
Kitastrophy::Harden can't play against good defenders period!
Lashton_Bryth::1.  When did sports become so knee jerk?  In the same way that people overreacted to Harden going for 82 points in his first 2 games, why are people now on him for having a tough game on the 2nd night of a back to back with a trip to Minnesota and a funeral in between?  It was a bad game, and everyone has them.    2.  This was going to be a tough game based on the above circumstances, but it seems Parsons is getting heavily underrated since most articles don't mention that he wasn't playing.  Not only is Parsons the Rockets 2nd leading scorer, he's also one of their main facilitators on offense and one of their best defenders with the size to bother Durant.  Would the Rockets have won?  Probably not, but it would have been much more interesting with Parsons there, both offensively and defensively.  3.  The idea that men are inherently good pretty much died out with the advent of the internet and anonymous posting.  People just aren't very kind.
Rocket for Uranus::Why are people so hard on Harden?  Because last night he looked just like he did in the finals: impotent.   Every team will watch tape from last night before their Rockets matches to see just how simple it is to shut this fantastic bench player down.
blindwilliedunn::Harden is a great role player and can bring a ton of energy and hit keys shots off the bench but he's an average shooter and below average ball handler/passer trying to do too much. Once Houston realizes that Parsons is their best player and better at every aspect of the game than Harden and Lin is better at running a team they can be a serious contender.
leex5048::He's not a a below avg. passer or ball handler. He is one of the best playmakers in the game. His shooting is better than most SG. Let's not forget this is his 4th yr in the league
partyboy97::Hareden didnt stand a chance
texrcana24::Was at the game last night and it went exactly as I thought it would.  The Thunder in no way shape or form were going to allow Harden to beat them.  They know his game inside and out, probably better than the Rockets do at this point and they took advantage.  Patterson showed he's a legit player and Cook showed some signs of a game that didn't require him standing still in a corner and spot shooting.  Houston still has some major work to be done though as was shown last night.  Parsons or no Parsons, it wouldn't have mattered.  The Thunder got their message across loud and clear but in a respectful way.
walle D_ D::Not suprised at all by this game, back to back with a funeral in the middle, missing are best defender in Parsons, three point shooter in delfino, and having to have a rookie play early minutes. Didn't have a chance, all they did was double team harden all the time, and lin on pick and rolls.
springfresh3.1::New Big 3: KD RW and SERGE!!!!!!  James who?????????????????????
cityhunter4::Jeremy Lin needs to be assertive and take back the role.  It's obvious the coach isn't going to do it for him, Sampson already has it in for Jeremy Lin for whatever reason.  It's obvious the players don't have respect for Lin, they don't pass him the ball back.  He needs to be aggressive, look for his shots, puts it up when he's open, no hesistations, at this rate of 6 points 7 assists he's not going to get any respect, and he doesn't have D'Antoni force him the ball anymore.
sources says::D'Antoni broke Lin down to injury in only three weeks.
Kitastrophy::Lin sucks
Tradin War Stories::or Lin should start making more jumpshots...
Chargers_4_Sale::Ibaka needs more recognition.
Sonic_Sooner::^^THIS^^  Serge Ibaka just turned 23 years old, is a top 10 PF in the NBA right now, and is rapidly developing into top 5.  He's Chris Bosh at Bosh's best, and his ceiling is MUCH higher.  Ibaka will be an All-NBA Defensive player for the next DECADE, a 15 PPG scorer; 10 RPG/3 BPG player; and an incredible person with an incredible life story (fluent in 6 languages, a survivor of a civil war in his country, citizen of 3 countries, etc.).    IBAKA NEEDS MORE RECOGNITION.
partyboy97::as well as Collinson i mean he isnt a great scorer but he gets mad rebounds as well as second chance points
Pusha Tonn::agreed
Kobah-Bryne::It looks like that garbage Lin is loosing whatever little confidence he had, and is afraid of shooting the ball. I wish the NBA was like the NFL, so they could release his @ss.
Lorenzomax7::Westbrick only put 9 pts on Lin...garbage? mhh....
SoWhyYouMadBro::I hope you're not a Thunder Fan and be careful what you wish for...you just might get it. the kid needs not prove himself anymore. the audition is over he has a starting job and although the "linsanity" is over he's still putting up legit #'s worthy of an NBA player. Garbage is what I put out on my sidewalk Bro
WddNews.com::First time I have seen Harden play in a game this season.  There are a lot of holes in his game.  Not worth the money the Rockets gave him.  Thunder made the right move moving him.
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::Stats can mask a players ability. So no you can't just look at stats.
SoWhyYouMadBro::"first time i have seen Harden play in a game this season" c'mon man your statement is equivalent to irresponsible Journalism. I hope you're not a Journalist or aN NBA Scout. You bases that non statement fact after 1 game? at least refer to his overall stats this season to better make an informed statement. I ain't mad @cha just giving my 2 cents bro
Pusha Tonn::Ibaka is developing into a great scorer, he rebounds more than ever and still is the #1 shot blocker in the NBA...nice
Liberal Feminist::Ibaka could be the reason why the Thunder get back into the finals if he continues to blossom as an offensive force.
furior44::Don't take it seriously guys! The Rockets is just showing up. They travelled 2000 miles and the Thunders put 120% effort to win the game! The Rockets team are so tired that they would crouch on any couch and fall asleep......
THUNDEROWNTHEWEST107::That was far from 120%, can tell you know nothing about the Thunder! Smh
Yourdaddy4598::rockets suck deal with it
ThunderHornz::I agree with furor on this. Great that we won but I want to win like that under different circumstances!
GatorFan175::excuses excuses
woodylamb::harden looked like he had a bad jet lag.
Rocket for Uranus::Did he even leave the Central timezone?  Jet lag?
Sonic_Sooner::Most players that Thabo Sefolosha guards look jet-lagged.
johndomenow::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcPf5tXiujo  westbrook steal from jeremy in this play
leex5048::ANd I can show you videos of Chalmers making Lin look like a 3rd grader dribbling the ball
Dawan208::Another hater, I could show you a video of Jeremy Lin stealing balls from .......   From all great nba players ( such as bosh, d-rose , Westbrook, harden).  So what is one steal!    All great players have their pockets pick pocketed one time or another!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lorenzomax7::and even blocking Wade and LBJ.
Tuoi56::I want to kill that ball hog Harden for trying to penetrate and score when there are 5 guys waiting to defend him. he's not Michael Jordan.   this guy Harden is way slower than Michael Jordan.
pistol111847::He had 6 shots blocked - what is the record for that?? Why didn't the coach tell him to pass when double-teamed? Why doesn't he realize that's what he should do?
rhm4jc::No team can win in the NBA shooting 3 point shots at less than 40%, free throws less than 70%, and with field goal percentage less than 50%.  Rockets proved this again last night.
Tuoi56::How come Lin's team mates don't pass the ball to LIn? isn't he the point guard?   I see many times where, Lin is standing in the corner for 3 and Harden ball hog always passes to opposite of Lin first.   What a $@%!$@ bag team. The point guard doesn't get to control the flow of the game. No wonder Houston loses.
Bmarleys420::Using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I doubled my balance the first month and made almost $3,000 my 2nd month just following this system. You can find this system online by searching for sports betting system
JJATLJJ48::reported... keep your s h i t t y spam out of every espn article you moron
rEdBuLxTaSy::PEACE :):):)
getwithitson::People forget the rockets beat thunder earlier and they were playing for a revenge add that to "showing up" former teammate James harden and you have a freight train coming right at you.
pistol111847::The Rockets beat the Thunder in pre-season before they got Harden
MPerce4::Revenge for a preseason loss?  Uh, no. People don't do that.
Gods illa::Based on this win and last for years in think its safe to say we are better than Houston ..  But both teams have a long way to go
getwithitson::was it preseason when RW had that 16 points run on LIn in one quarter?
dannylko1.3::doesn't matter, for every good game, Westbrook has a bad one.
anti900::preseason?
getwithitson::yes this year. the rockets had a win over the thunder.
tillersouthpaw::Ummm. no. The rockets didn't beat the Thunder earlier. They play 3 times this year. once in OKC and twice in Houston.
Matthew Borba::Earlier as in last year?
Jail Blazer::I like cotton candy
getwithitson::Good for you.
Bmarleys420::Using this betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I doubled my balance the first month and made almost $3,000 my 2nd month just following this system. You can find this system online by searching for sports betting system.
tillersouthpaw::oh god, not you. Alright folks. I'm out!
getwithitson::At least now you can afford  new shoes.
tillersouthpaw::redbul, I actually looked up breadsanity. It's an asian diet. just so you know
rEdBuLxTaSy::DID YOU REALLY?  :):):)
tillersouthpaw::I wanted to copyright it. Oh well.
Jail Blazer::$@%!$@ better get to work earning that 80 mil. Not looking like a good investment so far
Jail Blazer::probably, he's struggled as of late though
getwithitson::the rockets are good. it is the coaching system that's killing them. their new coach doesn't belong in the NBA. He should be coaching HS team.
getwithitson::It is way too early to jump to that conclusion at this point.
anti900::Its as good investment so far not like you can tank to draft the next Jordan
getwithitson::rockets coach was useless in this game. how can you still play when the opponent is running 10 or 14 points on you? who is he saving the timeouts for?  FIRE HIM!
RenoeTheNinja::You do realize the guy coaching the Rockets right now is there on an interim basis right? And that McHale is the coach of the team but is on a leave of absence due to the death of his daughter, right?
anti900::Didnt even try to get Dantoni
rEdBuLxTaSy::AND I THOUGHT MCFAILED WAS BAD :):):)
getwithitson::At least the real coach wasn't benching LIN for tony "brickstar" douglas.
tillersouthpaw::^^^^uncalled for, man!
brunick1::Why didn't Parsons play?
anti900::Good Ball handler as well. Add Royce White, D-mo and Machado and its a team full of PGs and point Forwards
One Be Lo Binary Star::He's really expanded his game and shooting efficiently this yr.
tillersouthpaw::I agree. I picked him up on my fantasy team.
anti900::yeah he is a play maker coulda used a Chandler Bang
brunick1::I really like your Rockets team honestly Lin, Harden and Parsons im a big fan of those guys. I just wish ESPN put more of your games on tv so I could see them more.
anti900::Sore shoulder ^.^
brunick1::Damn I love that kid. He has a bright future ahead of him.
tillersouthpaw::Once again, Thabo Sefolosha remains the secret weapon. Harden knew it and still couldn't beat it. Truth!
anti900::Tony Douglas got too much playing time too soon..............
rEdBuLxTaSy::I BELIEVED HARDEN CAN PLAY BETTER WITHOUT THE BEARD :):):)
Paul Allens Beard of 1983::Hair today, gone tomorrow? Now thats just lame, its a beard
brunick1::Lol you seem to like beards
brunick1::And Houston fans just ignore the Knicks trolls. They're not a very intelligent fanbase as you can tell lol.
getwithitson::Harden was trying too hard almost forcing the issue. he was trying to outscore everyone and ended up in a cold shooting night. He is good player though he just needs to relax and follow the team game.
anti900::Rockets got behind and panicked forced shots. they needed to slow the pace and execute high% plays
anti900::I mean the offense wasn't flowing right in that 2nd Qtr
getwithitson::Rockets didn't panic. it is the coach who was doing weird rotations. why do u need tony douglas?
brunick1::Playing your old team can do that to you. He prob just let his emotions get the best of him. Look for him to bounce back with a strong performance next time he faces them.
getwithitson::Yeah he was like a headless chicken out there. trying to beat all 5 opponents by himself.
rEdBuLxTaSy::BREADSANITY GOT TO HIM...AND THEY COULDN'T BE MORE ORIGINAL?  THEM DAMN TEXANS!!!:):):)
mykni66as::thought you were knockin on harden for eating too much bread or sumthin
rEdBuLxTaSy::LOL :):):)  JUST NOW CAUGHT IT!
mykni66as::why do u call him breadsanity and not beardsanity?
