Snuz::Jameer Nelson is really washed up man. He's short & fat, could hardly run, & passed up open layup opportunity on a fast break to another teammate who is being covered!!! But when I looked at his stats, I was surprised he didn't do that badly at all, 15pts on 5/12 FG, 4/6 3pt but only 1/3 FT. Magic as a whole had only 7TOs & 13 steals while rockets had 18 TOs & only 5 steals! But the rockets had 60 rb & 10 blks which is what made the difference in this game.
Be+::This could have been a blowout if the Rockets players (excluding Howard, Harden, & Casspi) made more free throws.
DON::Orlando needs a real coach.
Blue::Anyone else disappointed in Garcia so far this season? His only role on the team is to hit open three pointers yet he's only 36% on the season and he doesn't do much else. I mean, even Terrance Jones (who's a natural SF) has shot 39%. Maybe we should give Covington or Brewer a shot. Or better yet, give D-Mo more minutes and let T-Jones take time at the 3. Or just start D-Mo, and have T-Jones get minutes at both backup spots. He's a better defender than D-Mo, so he's a better fit next to Asik (who's good, but not as good as Dwight on defense and rebounds), while D-Mo's a natural stretch 4 anyways. Rockets have a lot of good pieces, and it's early in the season. McHale should do more tinkering, especially in light of the fact that they're going to trade Asik soon.
Commenter::Everything is goes accordingly for the Rockets, They must continue to play good defense!
Danh::Yeah Beverly almost got 10 points!
Giovanni::I'm just trying to imagine the amount that Houston would be winning by if we didn't have 3 times the amount of turnovers. It might be a 20 point game at halftime.
Blue::Fixable Problems that will get Rockets to the finals:  1. Make Free Throws (everyone, not just Dwight) 2. Stop turning the ball over 3. Get Healthy 4. More defensive awareness from the guards  That's it. Our offense is versatile, and our defense is sufficient. Rebounding is probably one of the best in the league, and efficiency as a team is pretty good. (Morey ball = lots of threes, free throws, and layups)
Kirk::Howard and Harden have history of disappearing in playoffs.  I see Rockets as out after first round.
OmarAmmouche::Without Wang Zu or whatever his name is the Rockets are playing fantastic basketball.
