Dave Galehouse::People said kg took a paycut and Kobe didn't...12 million for 6.9 points a game for kg, no rebounding, no d, no free throws, needs a nap every five minutes. When Kobe.comes back, he will average 25 still and people pay to see him
Jody George Prats::sure he will
Dave Galehouse::You're right, it might be 27
Hai Pham::Dave Galehouse  its easy to average and score 25 points a night when you shoot 40 times.
Peter Birnbaum::Lakers beating Celtics again - nice.
Luc Whissell::It was Brooklyn...fail.
Tyler Nelson::Luc Whissell  He was saying that because the Nets have Garnett and Pierce.
Peter Birnbaum::Luc Whissell - Not intellectual enough to read into my statement - ultra fail LOL.
Tyler Nelson::8-8 would have us the 3rd seed in the East.
Eboni Clay::Lol thats pretty sad
William Cutting::You know the East sucks when the Toronto Raptors are leading their division with a 6-8 record  ouch.
Thomas McNamara::Yeah we can all call it now. Pierce and KG can't keep up in this league anymore. Happens to everyone
Fernando Mendoza::Kobe and Nash are in the same boat against younger and more athletic teams.
Adrian Alexander Garcia::Fernando Mendoza Your wrongness is beyond comprehansion
Ron Midgette::Really love KG and PP, but they can not carry any Team anymore. Kidd should have never been hired to coach this team.
Robert Rtype Taylor::Lionel Hollins would have been a good hire....
Ron Midgette::Robert Rtype Taylor Absolutely, especially with the Vets on this team!
Benson Chiang::KG and PP should've retired when the Lakers waxed them in the Finals.  The Lakers just destroyed their spirits and they haven't been decent ever since.  It was fitting that the Lakers put the nail in the coffins of KG and PP's playing careers.
Eboni Clay::Whether lakers win or lose tonight. I am highly disappointed in them. Blew a 27 point lead???!! U dont need kobe to get a 27 point lead but u need kobe to close it out! No, its team effort for 48 mins always!!
Keith Jackson::ARE YOU RUNNING UP AND DOWN THE COURT FOR 48 MIN?
Eboni Clay::...no, i didnt sign a contract saying that i will play for millions of dollars. Relax guy
Keith Jackson::Eboni Clay JUST SAYIN IT 'S EASY SITTING AT WATCHING THAN PLAYING THAT'S ALL
Andy Wagler::LAKERS still OWN KG and Pierce!! Beat Brooklyn, sweet!  Wait till Kobe is back full speed and this team will be good! Go Lakers!
Shawn Bento::WOW.  Nets sucked with D-Will and Lopez on the court, but without them, they're essentially a lottery team.
Tyler Nelson::Lakers bench > Nets starters
Jason Peters::Johnson, Pierce and Garnett alone should make this a close game. THEY ARE NOT BEING PROPERLY MOTIVATED... FIRE JASON KIDD.
Chelo Mejias::Just retire Garnett and Pierce....13 minutes combined and one 1 rebound??? i could do that
Patrick Erisca::Nets are bruised and battered L.A might get the win. Ultimately, both teams horrible
Phil Morstad::How are the Lakers horrible? They are 8-8. If they were in the East they'd be like the 5th seed. And they're missing their best player and still staying at .500 with one of the most difficult schedules in the league.  You must not watch much basketball.
Patrick Erisca::Must be a laker fan. Good luck mr.morstad. Lakers are a good team.  Feel better being lied to? How about this, the lakers suck less than the nets
Phil Morstad::I didn't say the Lakers were a good team...I just don't think they are horrible.  The Kings are horrible.  The Bucks are horrible.  The Lakers are mediocre, but possibly pretty decent if Kobe plays alright when he comes back and doesn't mess up team chemistry too much.
Mike Dixon::Well, that was ugly, but a win is a win...
Ammon E. Austin::This Laker team is honestly surprising me. For a roster that on paper looked like an attempt to tanking, were at a mild 8-8 record. With Nash & Kobe being out I find this acceptable (sad how our standards have fallen). Nonetheless if the Lakers can sign a max-deal player nxt offseason and can find ways to keep majority of this supporting cast, we should be a top quality team. Is anyone noticing how these declared busts in W. Johnson, Henry, and Nick Young are slowly improving? It seems all they might have needed was change of environment and consistent minutes, and seems like they're flourishing. Once Kobe comes back I expect us to be a low seed by playoff time (#7 or #8), but 2014-15 is our season to shine once again.
Seal Rchin::I am sorry but what are they paying Joe Johnson for. This dude needs to step up, and Pierce?   Boston pulled of a HUGE heist, i mean they may end up with top 3 Draft pick and they shed salaries of the old farts.
Mike Dixon::Today's tidbit of useless information.  "4" is the number of teams in the West that are below .500 and the number of teams in the East that are above .500
Luc Whissell::Only 2 teams are above 500 in the East...nice try though
Peter Birnbaum::Luc Whissell - Sarcasm too LOL?
Luc Whissell::No, the truth...nice try though.
William Cutting::The Pacers and Heat might both very well break the Bulls' 72 win season record due to the fact that the East is so god awful this year.
Jason Peters::How does Kidd still have his job?  I mean its not the point that Nets are just losing games, they are getting smoked!  Way too much talent to be this bad.
Benson Chiang::Nets are so screwed... this year and the next 5 years.
Cecelia Moceanu::haha They gave all their draft picks away too
Jesse Engdahl::best way to win
Jason Jackson::I read an interesting take on the Kobe Bryant signing on Sports Espionage. I never looked at it like this dude. Here is the link http://sportsespionage.blogspot.com/
Tim Matchie::Yes, it will take time for another long run of championships. But they will be contending and making he playoffs while they rebuild. They have only missed the playoffs 2 times in 32+ years? I'm thinking Westbrook, and Love in 15.
J Paul Jorgensen::Tim Matchie Westbrook is under contract with the Thunder until the 16-17 season. No player option or anything it is fully guaranteed. Plus, the lakers front office believes they can win now. They will end up using all of their cap during this upcoming off season.
Martin Cruz-Delgadillo::30 Wins gets you in the playoffs in the Craphole called the Eastern Conference, so the Nyets and Nyicks might get in at 7/8 with 32 wins..
Delano Vasquez::I am a Lakers fan, but I can see that it is time to let Jason Kidd really retire. Coaching ain't easy, go ask Magic.
Jody George Prats::Lakers are a joke giving up 116 to the Wizards last night who were missing their leading scorer.   Nets 109 Lakers 86
Mitul Patel::no way, 92-90 win by lakers. Did you not see the nets give up 11 points in a row with 2 mins left in the 4th. No one on the nets wanted to take the shot, they kept passing the ball to centers with 5 secs left.
Carlos Blancas::Think again
