Matt::Lifetime Jazz fan here. The outcome of this game wasn't decided by the refs. While KD had a ton of free throws, there wasn't a big difference in the overall # of free throws between the teams as a whole. Great game overall. Competitive all the way, and I was happy with the effort by the Jazz. A few more made free throws, and they would have had this game.
MIKE THE ECONOMIST::Oh, yeah, Give Burk 36 min a game minimum, and make him bang a harder on defense.
The Sports Authority::Yikes, Trey Burke didn't even make the rotation and MCW debuted like a big dog for Philly. I think that will go down as a huge mistake for the Jazz. Said it since day one (check the SLC archives...same name and same game), Hayward's release is all jacked up. I don't know if they aren't working on it, don't notice or what. I guarantee I could make Hayward a better shooter within 5 shooting sessions.   They can't build around Hayward as a #1...he's an all around player. In some ways, I think he has the talent and athleticism to be a star level player but I don't think he has the mindset. Kanter is a nice talent down low.
Rick::I can't believe all the blind, bias, cry baby Spaz fans ! It's always the ref's fault when they lose. I guess shooting 21% less from the line and having 9 more turnovers wouldn't have anything to do with it ! What a dumb organization...every decent player they have wants out !
Kent Coleslaw::I was at the game tonight and I was extremely impressed with the Jazz. Playing a team that on paper is much better yet they hung around all night. The Jazz definitely missed some opportunities but it's hard to win when 1 guy shoots almost as many free throws as your entire team. I give this win to the refs. GO JAZZ!!!!!
Dennis k::As Garnett once said after a loss to the Thunder in which KD had a ton of free throw attempts: "We were playing Michael #$%$ Jordan."
Drew::Damn those Mormons do not like Derek Fisher.
chuck d::Adams should start; could be rookie of the year
Justin::nba refs are rewarding selfish star players instead of promoting team play..  jazz had 25 assists.. the thunder had 9.. and the thunder win the game?? I don't think so..
mark::Kendrick Perkins league MVP.
