baziman 007::pau + fillers for harris and mil sap who says no?
packfan21mt::Keep Millsap he is awesome with us.
AceyUT::lmao at laker fans still complaining after a loss.. get over it. you lost regardless..
Qzhoopin72::Pau is the softest big man in the NBA....shame on him for letting Watson knock him down anyway....and I'm a diehard Laker fan!!  Pau didn't deserve to get that call!!
Thee.Lakers::"Pau was just dribbling and I stole the ball. Pau just fell down but I didn't push him. Maybe they thought I did," Watson said.  If he's going to lie about something this small, he cannot be trusted to tell the truth in any situation.  You shoved Pau out of the way and stole the way.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::you mad bro?
gordlig::Utah Jazz - really?  Come on Lakers, wake up and start playing!
49erProudFan1980::beyond the top 3, kobe, gasol and bynum, the lakers other players made 6 field goals.  If the lakers are to be serious contenders, they need to find some team chemistry and some depth.
lmr0329::lakers have nearly all the pieces they need to compete for a championship this year.  they're just missing one thing...... BISMACK BIYAAAAAAAAAAMBO
packfan21mt::Anyone else think Watson should start over Harris??
packfan21mt::that's true. he does bring good energy off the bench and yes he definitely  should be in at the end of the game instead of Harris.
lmr0329::better as a 6th/7th man, gives them energy off the bench.  Harris is not a good fit I'll grant you, but  Watson is not starter material
AceyUT::as long as watson is in the end of the game and not harris....... i could careless who starts.
rbmw263::suck it
Mazyck2003::For the last 3 games the Lakers BIGS have got out rebounded.  Last night the bench scored something light 15 points, Jazz over 40, that's the real difference here and in many other Lakers game.  Its not about Pau being soft, which he is; its not about Bynum being the real ball hog on this team, if you notice when he get's the ball it rarely comes back; its not about Kobe shooting 25 pg.  Its about the other things like no or very points from the PG position or the SF position; its about no leadership off the bench; its about no production off the bench to relive pressure from the starting unit.  Its about the concept that feeding the BIGS will get you more open looks; I could go on and on about what this team lacks, but it really starts at the top, because they put this crap on the floor.
sodas32::For all the laker fans that thinks that Watson shoved Gasol on the steal, if you are really going to tell me that watson 6-1 199, can shove Gasol 7-0 250 then obviously watson should be playing safety in the NFL. Watson couldn't shove him down if he tried Gasol FLOPPED
Mazyck2003::He did get shoved. Its not about size when your coming at a player in an angle moron. ANd your reference is wrong because what you said was,  if a safety in the NFL which weighs a lot less than most backs running full speed can bring them down, yet Pau should not have felt Watson because he was smaller..C'mon man!  Here's another point, This is not the NFL, players are not suppose to get hit or blindside.  If contact was made its a foul. is Pau soft, no kidding, but a foul is a foul and it was missed, that's it and it happens every game.
AceyUT::THIS!!!!!
larrybird77::Lakers get so many more calls than the Jazz, people shouldn't worry about ONE that went the Jazz's way.
sodas32::Kobe is such a ball hog
Mazyck2003::Hater always get it wrong...Kobe shot 16 attempts last night, Pau shot 20, Bynum 14, but more importantly for 15 straight offensive possession the ball went into the post and resulted in nothing but bad shots or turnovers.
mike etheridge::Lakers need to revisit the Rockets about Pau if we cud swing  Pau plus the Odom 1st pick for Lowry/Scola, or some other combination i wud do it ASAP
Peter Birnbaum::Never wil happen.
esfahany::That was a f@cking bull rush Watson had against Gasol...certainly a foul......refs s@cked....
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Laker fans you suck! You guys got 30 free throws to our 20...and a few of those were T's.
sodas32::That wasn't a foul haha gasol flopped, watson got all ball. you really think the 5 9 140 pound watson can shove over the 7 foot figure of gasol give me a break
Peter Birnbaum::I hate blaming refs.  As a Laker fan, the game was won by Watson and his energy, not one bad (was it really bad?) call.  You need to get over bad calls on the road to win.  Nothing new here.
KennyS562::Since when do Lakers fans have any right to complain about calls?  they are the token example of referee bias
thespringzone::Good game Jazz.
boom.shaka::Ha! Ha!  The Lakers mortgaged the future to acquire and retain Pau Gasol -- it was worth it because they won immediately.  Now they're in salary cap hell because of the decision, so bytching and whining about moves that can't be made is just plain silly.  The Lakers have to suck it up and ride it out....the LAST thing they need to do is give up any value for another journeyman -- like Sessions.  I'd rather blow the team up for picks and take my chances in the draft.
2kobeisgood4::When was the last time the lakers got any thing from the Draft.  All that is needed is simple really and one of them wasn't signing Kapono.  Mitch needs to go
T.F93::this is his 7th year...doesnt really count
KennyS562::bynum?
joshuaizme::Yeah, as much as people hate the Lakers and say they are Evil, I like seeing them do well because it's good for the NBA. They aren't winning a championship with this roster, despite how well their "Only three," play at times. (Try to have that nickname catch on, lol) When watching them at times it truly does feel like a 3 on 5 game.
calijazzfan::I see it's mostly Lakers fans but as a Jazz fan I have a few comments. First of all to those complaining about the scheduling....everyone is in the same position and I agree it's ridiculous at times but they have to deal with it. In fact the back-to-back-to-back for the Jazz this year are all ROAD games. Secondly, Jazz need to part ways with Harris. Watson 11 assists last night and Tinsley 13 the night before. Takes Harris two, sometimes 3 games to get that many.
KennyS562::Look, I'm a diehard Jazz fan, but even I can admit that the probable reason the Jazz are four games above .500 is the generous home schedule they've had so far.
rich90715::When are the Lakers going to use their amnesty clause? The have more then enough players to cut, MWP, Barnes, Walton? Free up some spots and try to trade for Sessions, Fisher isn't getting it done any more. Then they can maybe sign JR Smith to give us some punch off the bench. Kapono has been a joke, we need some offense off the bench.
Johnson95135::And they can not use it until this season is over anyways.  They should use it on MWP.  Also you can only use the amnesty on players that were on your roster when the new CBA was signed.  So who do you suggest they use it on?  Pau?  Kobe?  lol
boom.shaka::You only get 1 Amnesty for the entire CBA...why waste it on guys like Bill's Son, who's up next year, or Metta and Barnes who are cheap?
malakim2099::So with the Jazz winning again, how many spots do you think they'll drop in Stein's rankings? My bet would be 5.
lmr0329::why would you even look at those rankings?
openminded43::15 home games out of 22 has to be taken into account..... let's see how they travel first!!!
KennyS562::exactly. If it was reversed I guarantee they'd be well out of playoff contention.
boom.shaka::And yes, games like this are why we don't mind when Kobe shoots 20+ times.  Too bad he couldn't take some of Kapono's and Murphy's rally killers.
boom.shaka::What a sucky loss....thought they were gonna steal one last night and start the trip 2-0 but, se la vie.
PlayaMade5::When you only have 3 players putting in work....thats a lost  Gasol,Bynum and Kobe did what they needed to do, but the rest of the team was 6-25 thats just and only 12 assist, thats just bad team ball.
Johnson95135::Yeah.  Barnes and Kapono with those rally killing missed 3's sucked.  And Troy Murphy got abused once again.
2kobeisgood4::I remember when they signed this guy Barnes and i thought to myself, couldn't Mitch have gotten someone better.  Then he went on twitter and said " no one can beat us in a seven game series" those guys are not winnings we won when he wasn't there.
PlayaMade5::Barnes really just killed us in the 4th, everytime I see him on the court makes be wanna throw up.
nba is the worst::Ugly basketball:  Lakers 12 ast (Kobe 1); Watson 11
Johnson95135::Not ONE mention in the game recap of this being a back to back or the Lakers arriving at 4am.  Guess excuses are only used for the other teams in the NBA.  I wish Jerry Buss would blow the team up and tell the small market teams to go $@%! themselves.  Lakers already have to share their revenue with the toilet teams of the league.  I would give them no luxury tax whatsoever.
openminded43::The Magic had a road B2B in INDY, had to lodge in Cinci and then take a 2-3 hour bus trip to Indy since it's the weekend of the Super Bowl!!! It's not like the NBA couldn't have scheduled around that and not create that BS...... but they did!!!
boom.shaka::It's not just Fisher, it's the entire league.  Guys are just now getting to point of being ready to play.
Johnson95135::The one last night was wide open and nobody was around him lol.   He missed it short so bad I couldn't help but laugh.
2kobeisgood4::He aways misses lay ups
Johnson95135::Terrible is being nice.  So many airballs and missed layups.  Derek Fisher missed a layup last night that was horrendous.  lol
openminded43::They should have went with the 50 games and not make this mess!!! The product has been terrible!!!
Johnson95135::Yeah some of these B2B's are ridiculous.  It is like they want teams to lose or play bad.  lol  This year in the NBA has been pretty bad basketball wise.  And that is a pretty lame thing to do to Orlando.  NBA bending players over this year.
Johnson95135::It is hilarious.  The Clips got clown stomped at home by Denver by over 20 points on the second of a back to back.  The headline was "Clippers tired,  lose to Nuggets."  Followed by two articles talking about how the Clippers were tired.  Yet the Lakers lose on the second of a back to back,  on the road no less,  and the headlines are all about things falling apart and the Lakers blowing it.  I am really getting tired of the sensationalist  type journalism at ESPN LA.  It is beyond unprofessional.
Johnson95135::Yeah they need some help bad.  lol  They need to stop dreaming about Howard because he is not coming.   Hope they have some other moves in the oven.  Not much they can do in terms of signing players.  The front office really has done a bad job the last two years.  Might be a tough next few years for us Laker fans.  Price you pay when youre an elite team for a long time.  Players get old and youre stuck with contracts.
Johnson95135::In one of the ESPN NBA chats one of the guys said Houston still really wants Gasol.  Someone asked if they could get Lowry and Scola for Gasol and the analyst said they probably would,  but the trade would more likely be Martin, Scola, Lowry for Gasol and Blake.  I don't know if he was high when he answered but if that is possible I make that deal.  lol
2kobeisgood4::Apart from that why did we sign Kapono and if we let Odom go why don't we do something with that.  I'm not a big fan of Howard i don't think he is dealing with the situation the right way and what has he done on the biggest stage
openminded43::They should look into the Gasol to Houston if they are still interested!!! They can get some good pieces and add depth!!! But that's JMO!!!
2kobeisgood4::As a Lakers fan i don't listen to the media but watch them play.  And what i'm seeing is making me worried
CandySparker::Hola Lotta Love!
jimmiesjonesen::Mike Brown sucks at coaching good thing he had Lebron in a weak eastern conference!!!Why is he not playing Mcroberts this guy is energy and is a better inside player than he gets credit for; somebody else has to sit even if it is Gasol!!!
earlealston::Wow. Ironically the Lakers are like the C's this year. Too old and not enough power coming off the bench to contend, but with too many huge veteran contracts to bring in good pieces without gutting the roster. Kobe has led his team to Finals glory, but he can't carry them there. This isn't the usual, long season they're used to. And they aren't the same team as in the past. Lakers need a sense of urgency. Seeding will be everything for them in the Playoffs of this condensed season.
thatmanthere::Derek Fisher needs to retire, Mecka $@%!$@%! no peace should part ways and let this Dynasty get legitimate good, young positions for those that won't just go away, sorry broskies, times up
TAC0REV::Suck it Kobe, and all the Lakers' bandwagon tools!
palme24::thats exactly why youd jump a teams bandwagon, because they always have a 80% (at least) of winning the title every year, which is what 95% of the Laker fanbase is
T.F93::how can you bandwagon a team, that has only missed the playoffs twice in the past 20 years....this isnt the clippers or heat we're talking
aaronb528::*Our
jimmiesjonesen::how bout you suck on are championship rings you chump!!!
South Central Los Angeles.::at the end of the day my LAKER fans, win or lose, we are the LOS ANGELES LAKERS franchise, the greatest of em all
brisol25::come on man.  The Nets are right there with ya.  just kidding
goldenboykobe24::thelakers should have win toihgt bacause kobe is THE BESTS
enarhi::How did they not step up?  Bynum and Gasol both bailed kobe out of missed shots down the stretch to keep it close, at which point Kobe continued to take (and miss) ill advised shots as the Lakers fell away.  Stop making excuses for Kobe.
Jan Itor1::Kobe going 2 of 7 in the last quarter is actually a big reason the Lakers fell behind. I get it that Kobe does that whole crunch time thing, but after making those first 2, and then missing the following 2-3 he should have focused on passing instead of trying to do everything himself.
Peter Birnbaum::Not his fault no one else stepped up and hit shots.  He is a huge part of the offense, but not over half of it, so sometimes others have to step up.  And they did not.  Then it makes Kobe feel that he has to get desperate and take over the game despite being double teamed.
goldenboykobe24::NO YOULL WRONG KOBBE, IS THE CUNCH TIME BEST AND, WOLD HAVE WON IT
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::I thought the Cavs got 2 high draft picks Kyrie Irving was 1 who was the other
brisol25::Thompson
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::Hornets Need  point guard now / trade nelson for trevor ariza
brisol25::Hornets.  Forget the Point Guard.  Get a new owner first and take the power away from Stern
Jan Itor1::Hornets. Get a new owner first and take the power away from the other 29 Owners and Stern whom have to vote on every major decision done so blaming it all on Stern is idiotic.
Sixers1234567::On a random note Bismack Biyombo is an obvious bust and I completly called it before the draft. lol
lmr0329::but he has a cool name. BISMACK BIYAAAAAAAAMBO!!!!
Sixers1234567::This is what I said earliar...NJ has more to offer and NJ is the more interested team...Only thing that delayed this trade is Lopez getting injured...
brisol25::I understand your point but there is no need to trade for a player that you don't need.  If you trade for him then you are still in need of Pg which is a big hole to fill.
Stan Van Gundy Rulez::Lakers Owed Tax $17,558,859  Cap Room -$29,821,859  Trading  for Howard would fix a big chunk of this if they dont have to take Turkoglu
brisol25::Well Otis Smith had a big part in it.  But Orlando is going to have to move him before March 15th.  If he goes somewhere else he is not going to sign an extension with them so it makes no sense for him to be traded elsewhere.
Sixers1234567::and I called it. he was 7th pick in the draft...he is like Haseem Thabeet except he is only about 6'8 with absolutely no offensive ability...atleast Thabeet had height...
brisol25::About the post Earlier.  Lopez is underrated.  He is a good quality big man for a 23 year old and has a better offensive game then Howard.  The Nets package is the best offer that Orlando is going to see.  Even though the Lakers could offer better, there is no need for the Lakers to go after him.
Sixers1234567::I said out of everyone in the draft this guy was the most obvious bust of them all and i remember arguing with people.  (Just looked at a Bobcats game highlight which made me remember)
brisol25::that guy sucks the big one
Mightymoose02::Will Golden State Warriors trade for Monta Ellis?   Or is he just too awesome that the Warriors can trade away his .420 FG%  At this point, I just don't want to waste too many Kobe years.
Mightymoose02::Can you imagine the Warriors if they added Pau Gasol?   Pau Gasol, David Lee and Stephen Curry. LOL.
Peter Birnbaum::Golden State would never give up Ellis, unless the Lakes are willing to part with too much.
barca653106::anyway good night , tough loose today from a good team, hope we finish this road trip 4-2. Great disscusion going on right now, i hate coming up after games espacially when we loose and all the haters are here
Peter Birnbaum::Yep, nice to weed out the haters and finally talk good basketball.  I'm usually mellow, but can't stand haters who bully the Laker fans when the blog is really for the Lakers and Jazz fans.
Mightymoose02::yeah hopefully Miami wins more so that the haters will go travel over there.   That way, Laker fans can actually have conversation amongst each other.   see ya
choop145::The Lakers make yet another mediocre PG, look like an all-star
tapir27::He may be the back-up point guard, but he's been doing a hell of a lot better than our starter all season. Watson has been a pretty solid player for the Jazz this season.
Mightymoose02::UCLA alumni.  He probably had family watching. DUH.
barca653106::with all the strides on defense the only position they have failed to improve on is PG defense, the leauge is moving to quick PGs yet the GM in his mind  still either belive the leauge is back in the 90s or that Dfish is a quick PG
2kobeisgood4::All we really need is a PG who can do some of what Watson done regularly.  But this league has become obsessed with super stars, we need help at PG and SF but we are holding out on Howard.  We have a centre already just need a PG more
Peter Birnbaum::Absolutely.  Saw him live get torched by Lawson from Denver a couple nights ago.
barca653106::no but he is not shut um deffender also he can get physical and is fast but not an all defensive team
Mightymoose02::CP3 would just negate defense.   I remember people kept saying how CP3's defense sucks and his offense doesn't make up for it. Sort of like Nash.   I think we all know that CP3 is a difference maker anywhere he goes.
Peter Birnbaum::Just watch a fast PG take him off the dribble in the lane.  CP3 is not someone to rely on defensively.  Not much of an upgrade from Fish as far as D is concerned.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::CP3 a poor defender??? You are crazy
barca653106::true but fisher have hit rock bottom and i can not in my mind imagine that CP3 would be worse
Peter Birnbaum::I wonder if CP3 would have shored up the PG defense anyway?  He is a poor defender for the most part.
Peter Birnbaum::Back up PG you might add.  What's up with Watson tonight?  The guy was on fire.
Trevor Wheelwright::The Bird &gt; The Word
Trevor Wheelwright::Adam West's scientists have confirmed the bird is equal to OR greater than the word.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::That's impossible because the bird IS the word.
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::Lakers fans used to be Bulls fans in the 90's Celtics fans in the 80's and are one or two years away from being die hard heat fans....PLEASE LAKER FANS. Lakers have the most bandwagon fans out there.
0mar4449::i was a bull fan back in the days and than win i seen kobe at his best make those mouth dropping plays back in the days i became a kobe fan and i seen how dominent shaq was i because a shaq fan, same thing about david robertson, tim duncan
TAC0REV::That's the exact definition of a bandwagon fan...
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::So what you are saying is that you are a proud bandwagon fan?
UTES.JAZZ.NINERS::I was at the game and i am definitely NOT racist but it was very every interesting to see how many hispanics were at the game wearing lakers jerseys. Unbelieveable! I wonder why it's the case they are Laker fans? you 3 from LA? If not...you fit under the bandwagon terminology.
Peter Birnbaum::Been a Laker fan from the area for years.  Have seen it all, but luckily, mainly wins.
Mightymoose02::As far as I see it... it has now become a generational thing. It's been passed down at least 2 or 3 times depending on the family.   It's like being a lifetime Pittsburgh Steeler fans or even diehard NY Yankee fans.   The fathers and fathers before those fathers keep telling about their respective winning teams from their youth. Unlike other franchises, Steelers, Yankees and Lakers keep winning. So now, you have every generation who has their own stories to tell about THEIR favorite Laker, Yankee or Steeler.   Example:  Kids today will talk about how awesome Kobe is.  Their dads will talk about Magic Johnson and 80s Lakers. Their granddads speak about Wilt and Jerry West.   Other franchises do not have this tradition and winning culture.
Mightymoose02::Except people from LA area or Southern California in general are not going to change allegiances.   why?  Lakers have a longer history of success than the Bulls or Celtics.   Lakers have only missed the playoffs a handful of times. Laker fans are spoiled. Thus, we demand more from our franchise.   Sure, Celtics won a lot of championships but they had a 20+ year drought. Their fans suffered through VERY VERY BAD teams.
Peter Birnbaum::Not really.  Just scroll down and read a few posts of chasing off Spurs and Heat fans that have been haters.  Watson played a great 4th quarter tonight.  Laker fans are true and true for the most part.  The celebrities at the games might be different, but real Laker fans are here for the long haul.  Thanks for asking.
barca653106::most teams have bandwagon fans, winners more so than others and lakers to our fourtue had a great run in the last 11 yrs or so, but still to generalize all of us is wrong
0mar4449::i think howard needs to go to magic johnson or kareem house to learn that midway or midrange jumper, hook shot, however his team needs to find ways to allow him easily to get the ball in the paint, work with them on his game little more better
Mightymoose02::D-12 is fine as it is. He's a super rebounder/defensive/blocking juggernaut. If you fed Bill Russell some steroids, he would have turned out like Dwight Howard.   What D-12 needs (like Shaq) is a superstar guard/forward to play alongside him. Forget about learning new moves. If he has scorers around him that can create their own shots instead of using D12 as a decoy, Dwight would excel even more at what he's good at.
Peter Birnbaum::Howard would laugh Kareem off the practice court with his ego and lack of showing any offensive fundamentals.
barca653106::his post game can defenitly develope more, problem with his team is the fact that no one is a natural PG, nelson is more of scoring or combo garde
barca653106::funny thing that teams and stern vetoed the CP3 trde to lakers that would have sent mutiple good players to hornets because they felt that the hornets would take a step back, well i think the hornets now are 10x worse that what they could have been, also between us CP3 would have been great for LA
Peter Birnbaum::Yes, need to make moves when the player still has value.  Otherwise, you miss out.  Just ask the Celtics of the 80's and now.
Mightymoose02::well, now I think the Lakers are not forced to send Gasol AND Bynum in a trade.  Even for D12. Bynum and other pieces are enough. No need to send both.   Before, it was clear that they wanted to send (like you said) two 7 footers for a MVP caliber player like CP3.   Sad to see Odom go in that fashion. But if Lakers get the right value for Pau.... the Lakers can win again.
barca653106::i agree they have to be smart, but they can not stay put, status quo will simply not do it, it did not do it last yr and this yr it will be worse
Mightymoose02::What you guys think of a trade for Melo or Amare?   YES, I know they will never trade with the Lakers. In fact, the NBA will veto it anyway.   But I think what we need is a underachieving playmaker. Gasol has become too much of a role player. When the Lakers first traded for him, he was a possible superstar that happened to play on the lowly Grizzilies. But he has lost so much confidence that he's just a very (super) good role player. (Disclaimer: just my opinion of Gasol)   18 million is large enough to trade straight up for Melo or Amare.   I just think it's still possible if we lose out on D-12 sweepstakes.
Peter Birnbaum::I would never condone the trading for an Amare.  He is not the leader you want and disappears in games.  He has no playoff savvy except when Nash puts the ball in his hands next to the hoop.  Life's a little different when you don't know how to create on your own.
barca653106::melo and kobe love each other best friends but both need the ball alot, and Amare would destroy the only thing we have going for us, i.e defense bad trade not enough balls for KB, melo, amare, drew
barca653106::i think Bosh game takes a set back in this role, being the second option is more natural to him as evident when wade was out
Mightymoose02::See, I think "fit" is a relative term.   Many people believed Lebron/Wade/Bosh was not a good fit because they were all #1 scorers. I think we see that as long as there is a CLEAR LEADERSHIP, the team will FIT as necessary.   In their case, Lebron does the grunt work. He dominates and stays healthy. Meanwhile, Wade is taking a seat back and firing shots when he's needed in the clutch. Bosh is now relegated to the "Pau" role as the not-so confident scorer.   It can work similarly in LA if they can trade Gasol for a playmaker big.
barca653106::Your point is well taken, but Knicks will not trade them espacially melo after last yr drama. you know i as a laker fan will try to be very objective on Miami. I think LBJ is having an insane yr and to me should be the leader of the team, now in closing seconds they should go with the hot hand, granted Wade has been an excellent closer
Mightymoose02::I don't think Kobe minds taking less shots and saving his energy for the 4th quarter. Now a days, he's exerting so much energy and the team is relying on him to take over way too much.   To be honest, Amare or Melo with Kobe will spread the floor way more than Pau Gasol ever will.   Either way, those guys gives the Lakers a presence inside. Overrated or not. They are stronger and more confident than Pau.   I think team ball will come together because Kobe is the clear leader. Knicks team sucks because Amare and Melo are fighting for leadership.  In Miami, it's clear that Wade is the leader. In OKC, its KD. In SA, its Duncan. In Dallas, it's Dirk.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::true
barca653106::still would not change the fact that we would not want him on the team, great player but would not fit in
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::they're not "best" friends.  they're good friends.  melo's best friends in the league are chris paul and lebron james.
Peter Birnbaum::I think Amare is the most overrated player in the NBA.  No thanks on that one.  Carmelo can be a great player, but not on a selfish team like the Knicks.
0mar4449::ONCE IN FOR ALL SHOULD LAKERS WANT D HOWARD, DEADLINE IS MARCH.
Sixers1234567::L.A cant give up more. nobody on their roster is worthy unless they give up Gasol as well but that wouldn't make them any better, it would probably just make them worse imo. either way i dont think anything will happen untill after the all star break...
Sixers1234567::Brook Lopez is an above average center in my eyes. But If you could guarentee me that Bynum would never get injured again then without question I would rather have Bynum but trading my franchize for someone with risky knees is too risky. NJ can offer more as apposed to just trading 1 player for 1 player straight up...NJ1st round draft picks that are better then L.A's. Plus NJ can take on Hedu Turkaloo's contract that Orlando is trying to dump which L.A can not. thats another advantage... Kris humpries is a double double machine and is underrated and Rookie Mashawn Brooks is more young talent as well
Peter Birnbaum::That's why NJ is in the mix.  But what Orlando decides probably hinges on if LA will give up more.
Peter Birnbaum::Yes, NJ is more interested.  But that's because they benefit more from this trade.  Orlando loses big time if they trade Howard to NJ for only decent talent.
Sixers1234567::Would you agree that the Nets are probably more interested in Howard than L.A is? L.A doesn't absalutly NEED Howard while NJ is almost desperate to pair a superstar to pair with D-Will so he doesn't leave...That alone is why i think Dwight will be traded to NJ. Nj seems way more interested
Peter Birnbaum::I'm up and down with that one.  Lakers supporting cast is an issue either way.  Would be a wash.
barca653106::this team is not as deep as we would like it to be, i think multiple pices are better as we agreed belowe. Lakes tried to do that getting Murphy, Kopono, Mcroberts etc.. I like Murphy and Kopono has not been utulized to his strength, but Mcroberts, Metta, Barnes, are not helping. PG and SF are glaring needs and Lakes should address that
Sixers1234567::Nets have more to offer than the Lakers.  1 thing is the 1st round draft picks that would be involved would be way higher with the Nets givin they are a bad team...
barca653106::in honesty i just do not see that bringing howard would win us the championship, for the long run might be a building stone, but this year not so much, unless we trade stright drew for howard then use gasol for dwill or odom's exception on a good garde
Sixers1234567::Trading Bynum for Howard straight up is way too risky for Orlando. There gonna want more young players and good draft picks that L.A cant offer...Plus Dwight would rather go to NJ and NJ is just simply more interested... but to each is own...
Sixers1234567::Then whats stopping a Howard for Bynum trade? Which team doesn't want to do it?
0mar4449::tons of teams probably would consider bynum
Peter Birnbaum::Not sure.  I think Orlando wants both Gasol and Bynum last time a report came out a while ago.
Sixers1234567::Lopez is a good young player. I think alot of people underrate him because he is on the Nets and have never actually seen his game
Peter Birnbaum::He is not as big a center piece in a trade as a Bynum no matter what you argue.  Orlando wants a quality center piece instead of rebuilding with a bunch of decent players.  Even Jerry West discouraged trading for decent talent with lots of attached salary.
Sixers1234567::Wasn't NJ at the top of Dwight wish list? i dont remember
Peter Birnbaum::Yes, but the players involved are just average joes and a couple draft picks that they would get for Howard.  Not exactly that alluring to have Lopez as a front man for that kind of deal.
Peter Birnbaum::Yes, but Nash does not want to be traded.
brisol25::Couldn't agree more.  but at 37 you never know with temptation.
Peter Birnbaum::Nash has said he does not want to be moved.  This is to his credit.  The guy is loyal and a title is not the end all for him as it is for so many others.  It does not define his career or himself as a person as most others.  The guy deserves credit for trying with what he had and that's that.
barca653106::he will never ask for it cause he is classy but if mitch initate it and kobe called him up saying he would like to have him the temptation of a ring might sway him
brisol25::You never know.  Guy wants a ring which is most important.  Phoenix want give him that chance.
brisol25::It wouldn't.  You are set with having the best 1 2 punch down low.  You just need a pg.  I have been saying it for a while and today they would honor him in any trade request he brings to there attention.  Steve Nash.  Guy would make them instant contenders and put them past OKC
0mar4449::i said that because u could make nash a starter, fast for his age four sure
brisol25::Man.  That is going to be one hell of a fight to try and hold on to him.  But from the looks of things, it seems like Brooklyn is the destination.
barca653106::our you could give us dwill
brisol25::Guy is averaging 10 assists per game on a average team.  think about what he could do if he were a Laker.  Im a Net fan and that's just my opinion on who they should go after.
barca653106::yes that is exactly what i am saying if we get an nash even without howard i like the team a lot. I mean nash is an excellent passer ( do not need my opinion on it), so he would get drew the ball at the best place he needs it, also would have great pick and roll with both kobe and pau, and you can kick it out for him for 3s
Peter Birnbaum::Yes, it's not an even trade of Bynum and Gasol leave based on the fact that Howard has no post game and can't hit a midrange jumper.  He can't hit FT's either.  Would be like a Kobe and Shaq combo without a supporting cast.
0mar4449::so trade kobe to magics, joke
Peter Birnbaum::Kobe one assist, but how many misses were there when he passed to shooters?  Quite a few.  Not like Kobe would end up with a ton of assists tonight, but when he makes a pass and his teammates don't hit the shot, does anyone actually account for this stat?
enarhi::Kobe created 4 shots today.  He would have been lucky to have more than 2 assists even if shots were falling.  This was simply not a good game for him, he was either invisible or forcing up ill-advised shots most possessions, it happens sometimes.  I expect another 40 point game where he is massively involved in the near future.
0mar4449::agree because i have seen kobe pass shots to open players after being double team real badly and his team would miss those shots and he tried that when he play heat a long ago or tried and other teams they lost to on the road.
Mightymoose02::Well, we shouldn't even have Kobe acting as a PG.  This team is really in need of a veteran PG that can take pressure off of Kobe and Fisher. I like Fisher but he's not a playmaker like other PGs in the game.   When Phil's triangle was there, Kobe/Fisher worked perfectly. But... in any other system... Kobe needs a playmaker PG.
0mar4449::i agree that odom was kobe sidekick, thats why i think lakers should consider d harris or d williams or somebody with as much speed to get in the paint
Peter Birnbaum::Yes agreed, but Kobe's wrist is an issue with his outside shooting.  But that means to me that he should be shooting his 8 footer more - it really is his best weapon.  He's just not getting freed up by a good point guard.  Never has and probably never will.
Mightymoose02::I really would love to see Kobe do what Jordan did in his 30s. Which is... like you said... post up/mid-range game. We are starting to see Kobe take less three point shots than before. It's a good sign because he realizes that the energy/effort it takes to shoot threes is not worth it when you are the #1 scorer on the team. 3 point shots are low percentage shots anyway so its not efficient either.   I mean... this is why the Odom loss was HUGE. He was literally the "Pippen" sidekick for Kobe. The point forward that can do everything.
Peter Birnbaum::Yes, I agree 100%.  Hated seeing Kobe bringing the ball up like a PG all game long.  He needs to post up and play a midrange game and then hit the three when he needs to.  Kobe's midrange running 8 foot bunny is automatic and it's a shame he can't get freed up more to perform this type of game.
barca653106::100% agree
barca653106::i think this is why i like murrphy or kappono on the floor they space the floor  and when kobe penetrate ad dish they hit the shot unlike barnes today
barca653106::no question that fish hits them if he is ungaurded usually, but his defense kills the team, also if we get a quick PG would be able on certain situations to push, granted with our bigs we will always be a half court team
Peter Birnbaum::Unlike just about everyone today.  Not Kobe's fault when the guys like Fish, Barnes, Murphy, and so on don't show up and hit shots.  When Fish hits the team seems to be in sync.  Maybe because he's an unexpected source.  Correct me if I'm wrong, but last time Lakers were in Utah, Fish hit his shots.
0mar4449::look at howard play and he work hard today inside that paint and u can see that magics could not win with howard out of the game, magics need an experience point guard who can direct the team so howard can get easier shots also both teams were missing to many and living on the perimeter shot
Sixers1234567::Howard is gone bro. only question is will he be traded or will the magic wait and lose him for nothing in free agency like LeBron...
Peter Birnbaum::Yes, we know that.  What we don't know is if they keep him around because the all star game is in Orlando so they don't mess up the hype.  Also, teams will try to get him for the bare minimum because they know Orlando will end up with nothing if they don't trade him during the season.  It's a tough call.
Sixers1234567::Thats my point.. Howard is gone no matter what... If the Magic are smart they will trade him before the deadline cuz if not he will walk for nothig
Mightymoose02::Magic needs to learn from the Nuggets, Cavs, Raptors and Knicks.   Nuggets = successful because they acquired so many young/talented pieces from the Knicks for 2 players. Now, two of them are starters and one is about to return from China and add to their depth.   Raptors and Cavs = abysmal. Lost both of them to free agency. Pretty much got nothing in return. More losing seasons to come.   Lesson: Don't let them walk in free agency because they WILL leave eventually. These guys have sponsorship money that makes up for the $20-30 million loss that they lose by signing elsewhere. Get something in return and start over with a young roster.
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::Steve Nash?
barca653106::would love if the lakers snatch him
barca653106::it is hard to win in Utah I always have respected this team, more so when sloan was the coach and would love to have him as lakers coach. This road trip is brutal some excellent home teams in Nuggets, Jazz, philly, and boston always play us tough if we go 4-2 would be great
barca653106::Mitch and jimmy buss should be in panic mode, people are fixated with trading for howard. I think pau and drew for the last few games have beem very solid. Brown needs to figure his rotation stop experimenting, fish to the bench and let him start practicing coachingclose to luke. Use odom exception on a solid PG any you will find one for 8 million, then have blake (when he return) and Glock off the bench, please stop playing Mcroberts
0mar4449::wish i could have saw the game
0mar4449::get reed of luke and get someone else and have fisher coming off the bench and figure out why bynum and gasol were out rebounded
0mar4449::ok so u don't think it is because they are soft
barca653106::gasol and drew both hit double digit rebounds rest of the team not so much rebounding that is why they were out rebounded
LeBron - The Greatest Of All Time - James::I think the team would be a lot better without Mike Brown.  I think that one single change could make a lot of difference.  I'm not saying Brown is a bad coach because I don't believe that he is - but I also don't think he's ready for the pressure of following a legend like Phil Jackson.
barca653106::i think he is great defensive coach that is why he should be an assistant coach, but he had the luck to coach LBJ for 5 yrs and now kobe and failed in close games, these 2 players are the best in the leauge, but no single player wins a game he just let them dribble and evey one else watch we all know this
0mar4449::they did not show the game in my area today
