Nelda Ramirez Silberman::Nuggets have no one to blame but themselves-- 58 freaking percent from the line
Taylor Manes::Okc will win by alot Okc: 112 Nuggets: 90
Alex Acton::This looks pretty inaccurate
Shawn Bento::Thuggets = Flop City West
Christian Parrish::Haven't been the Thuggets for going on three years now.  Good try though ;)
Will McLeod::dude you're so creative sike fag
Shawn Bento::Oh, Will called me a fag.  Not only is he creative himself, but he's also an ignorant homophobe!  GTFO.
Mike Rose::Durant has 258 points this season and 112 coming from the free throw line. Nba needs to let players get little more physical or this crap isn't going to be watchable anymore.
Colton Brohannon::It's the only way they can stop kd from scoring is to foul
Derek Mustachi::Hey Jason don't worry I took OKC to win by 4pts so we're both getting burned. It was a dumb play, the Nuggs are a bad match up for OKC and they've lost 3 straight times to them. Smart play was Denver with the spread.
Jason Peters::Its cool, NBA has been hard to pick this year. Guess Im sticking with college bball.
Delano Brown::Yet another game where KD makes more FTs than FGs. That's 9 for 10 now in this young season.  Good to see Westbrook playing aggressive to close out quarters.
Leroy Trujillo::this will be a test that we'll probably fail . nuggets will break a 100 but get rained on by the Thunder!
Jason Peters::The one f'ing time I take OKC in a parlay....uggh!  I know its early but you can just tell how a game is gonna go sometimes in the first 10 mins...My opinion, OKC will be fighting from behind all night to eventually lose by 6.
Christian Parrish::Great no call there refs.  Ibaka has his left arm wrapped about Mozy and it was pretty obvious.  Like I said, the refs are ruining NBA basketball.  Great game  and good luck on the season Thunder fans.
Linda Carol McGee::No problem with the Lawson flop though, right?
Travis Burrow::Terrible officiating for both sides. It's almost embarrassing to watch NBA nowadays
Christian Parrish::Linda Carol McGee , I didn't see it so cannot comment on it one way or the other.
Jason Peters::There isnt even a need to come back and check the score, this one is toast and so is my parlay. The closest OKC gets all night is within 4.....Denver wins by 11 now.
Steve Carman::what's parlay?
Jason Peters::Steve Carman ...When you put two teams in a grouped bet, so the payoff is better if both teams win. So you can bet on the money line more on heavily favored teams, (like OKC tonight)...So I put OKC and a tennis match in a parlay, if they both win, I win!
Steve Carman::Jason Peters ahhhhhhhhh i see i see! well it'd suck of OKC don't win for ya
Nick Falletta::what a horrible play Shaw drew up at the end...when you miss 20 free throws you don't deserve to win anyway. garbage.
Arvind Badri::I love the Nuggets, but it looks like Ty Lawson is the only Nugget who brings his A-game day in and day out. This season is gonna be pretty rough for us Nuggets fans. Thunder probably take this one by double digits.
Michael J Ortiz::Undersized front court with no post skills what so ever. We should just hold the rooster out till next year and tank the season. Then rebuild with Lawson, Chandler, and Gallo. Trade the manimal for some Draft picks or a prospect considering the money he's due next year.
Chad Wiggins::robinson needs to quit flying around like a chicken with his head cut off.. I'm  glad his ok...
Marc Pascal::Late call but the right one. He went flying. Don't know what OKC are flipping out about.
Jason Peters::Denver out to a quick 10 pt lead...SHOCKER!  lol..Been over since mid 1st qtr.
Frank Cyrus Dionisio Gabriel::OKC is over valued... never again... ima fade this team from now on
William Cooper::back to the heat you go i guess.
Gary Wheatley::lol  durrant not happy on westbrook shot cause he wanted the ball
Danny Leavitt::Does Durant know there are other players?
Tony Hartmann::Game of the night
Chad Wiggins::im telling you, you cannot take a team like OKC serious when they are so inconsistent... to not come out and impose ur will at home against such an inferior team. scream "dont take us serious".... contenders have something in them night in and night out that allows them to take out the garbage.. especially at home...
Jason Peters::Its almost f'ing comical...Nuggs lead back up to 6 since they cut it to 4..LOL...DOnt worry Nuggs pull back away befoe half.. 9 pt HT lead.... I dont beat on this game, OKC has at least an 8 pt lead right now.(LIKE THEY SHOULD!!!)
Derek Mustachi::You got the mortgage on the line tonight? You're really sweating bro.
Steve Carman::I thought you said nugs were gonna lead by 9 points at HT
Jason Peters::Steve Carman ..remember I said Nuggs win this by 6 though...  Also..(ever heard of reverse psychology?..Im trying man, haha)
Gary Wheatley::durrant and westbrook verbaly after the officials if they don't get a foul everytime and never is called for a tech for it.  he just did it and nothing
Connor Fielding::Hopefully the Nuggets play well tonight but I think this one may be pretty ugly. oh well though, good luck to both teams, go nuggets and go panthers lol
Gary Wheatley::looked at the box score.  its all just Durrant and Westbrook.  If Denver can even hold one of them down everyone else isn't doing anything
Jason Peters::Westbrook is 4-12 shooting..IVERSON style!
Steve Carman::Jason Peters  lol copy my comment hey about him being iverson... original....
Jason Peters::Steve Carman ...????Dude you got a serious hard on for me...kind of weird man., First off NEVER seen you Iverson post, 2nd , um even the most ignorant basketball fan knows Iverson   had to shoot a lot of shots to get his 27 plus points. Its like a non sports fan knowing ho Tom Brady is...LIKE YOU!
Christian Parrish::Officiating is really making the NBA difficult to watch, but at least they are finally calling traveling this year.
Angel Payano::They're overdoing it with the travel calls. They call one for anything
Christian Parrish::Yeah, they are probably just making up for not calling it the past 20 years.
