Andy P Kordyban::Spurs no match for the more athletic Thunder. They know they don't go to the Finals last year without Westbrook being injured. That's why that finals loss hurt so much, they knew that was their best chance.
Mike Wagener::feel good about your win at home after 4 days off.....enjoy it OKC fans because beating the Spurs once in the regular season will be the closest to the NBA Finals the Thunder come.
Mike Wagener::Derris Marcel Freeman how many rings have the Thunder won?  Just curious.  Oh, and basically you're saying you dominate the SPURS...at home!  LMAO.  Again a perfect illustration of how last nights OKC home victory against the SPURS was OKC's championship.
Bronya Vogel::Mike we dominate them.in the post season to where it counts most. Did you forget about that back door sweep. Mike you have no clue when it comes to the NBA or you would not post such stupid words if you did.  Try again  kid
Will Schmitz::10-3, 7-0 at home.
Jeremy Lugo::I saw the lighting, but heard no Thunder! GOOOO!!!!! SPURS!!!!! GOOOO!!!!!
Laura Dewett::If you saw lighting its because the light was on lol
Bronya Vogel::Well Thunder 94 Spurs 88 there's your Thunder. Enjoy!!!
Srecko Vukovich::Here we come The Elite Team  San Antonio Spurs !!!
Ayn Bland::SOS (L10): .412  They've been in LALA land.  Gonna have to switch gears in a big way.
Amaris G. Belle::Pts diff is a +12 (only team in NBA with +10), it's better indicator of how well a team is playing then SOS...in the NBA, SOS is sorta a mute point. Come playoff time, your not gonna get a lower or higher seeding because of SOS...
Ayn Bland::SAS haven't played very many good teams..  I think two actually, and one of them was playing without their fantasmagoric point guard in a game SA barely won.  Face it, SAS hasn't been tested much this season, but when they have the performance has been lackluster.
Shawn Bento::I'll give credit to Spurs fans for one thing... They're great at making excuses for why their team got beat.
Ayn Bland::Well, the refs swallowed their whistles and took their goto excuse away.
Lavender West::No excuses, the Spurs played terrible.  OKC should have blown them out.  I expect a much better game for the Spurs when these teams meet again
Anderson Daniel::Ayn Bland Point proven
David Garcia::Spurs roll through OKC with precision and great team defense. OKC will need to regroup after this one.   Kawhi will give Durant fits....
Aron Zoltan Laszik::i really enjoyed the "roll through" part of that post. quite comical
Shawn Bento::Spurs fans will disappear very soon.
Ernesto Flores::Still here.
Ricky Bowen::just be here on Dec 21 around this time.....I want to hear all the excuses you can come with, brother.......you don't think the Spurs are all that good and you only win by 6 .......Russy is on the floor, you got Durant and Ibaka....you got great bench production....and you win by 6 ....SIX.........right on, brother......what a team that is bound for the playoffs and the title for sure........
Shawn Bento::Ricky Bowen, oh, you mean like the excuses you and your fellow fans have come up with tonight?  Any more simple-minded comments?
Shawn Bento::Hours after the game and Spurs fans are still grasping for straws.  For some reason, it's hard for them to come to terms that OKC outplayed their team.  #scoreboard
Tatyana Kuptsevich::They did outplay them, but stop acting like it was the playoffs. If you had followed the Spurs closely, you would know that they make both offensive and defensive adjustments to the opponent in series. Last season they split the regular season series with the Grizzlies and swept them in the playoffs. Anyway, normal fans respect other teams, and rational Thunder and Spurs fans acknowledge that both teams are very strong. You, on the other hand, are just a hateful troll who has nothing better to do than trash people for no reason. Does it make you feel better about yourself? Do you think the Spurs fans will cry after every loss? Because their team is supposed to go 82-0 or something, and if it doesn't, it means it's horrible? Get a life, you are pathetic.
Shawn Bento::Hmm... judging from your long, drawn-out emotional response, it would seem you're the only hateful person on these boards.  So honored you wasted your time engaging with a "troll" though :)
Jerry Ryuzaki Word::Tatyana Kuptsevich i just want to say that shawn is an idiot, and that tatyana is HOTTTTTT. go spurs go!!!! 2014 nba champions. regular season games dont win or lose u the title. the spurs are fine
Shawn Bento::This is the Reggie Jackson show.  Spurs, meet OKC's bench
Aron Zoltan Laszik::and they thought the spurs had a good bench... lol
Ernesto Flores::So you're saying the 3rd highest scoring bench is not good?
Aron Zoltan Laszik::Ernesto Flores not as good as okc's. u misunderstand what im saying, which is not that the spurs have a bad bench but rather that everyone says the spurts bench is great, while the okc's outperform them
Mike Wagener::Aron Zoltan Laszik OKC's bench couldn't miss tonight, it happens, definitely doesn't make them  the best in the league.
Ernesto Flores::Can't win them all. Congrats OKC
Jack Dolley::Feels good!! You know these 2 are pretty much destined to meet in the playoffs...until next time though!
MrKenneth Washington::okc does not stand a chance
Anderson Daniel::lol
MrKenneth Washington::Anderson Daniel im a big spurs fan and for them to be old they still get the job done
Matt Borba::MrKenneth Washington True, but to say OKC does not stand a chance is absurd.
Lauren Mueller::Solid win against a GREAT team and franchise!!  Nothing more and nothing less.  If anything, the win tonight proves we're a legit team.  You can only say that after beating a good team.  No one is going to say, "The Thunder are legit contenders because they just beat the Jazz."  You have to beat a good team to be considered serious, and that's what the Thunder did tonight.  Nothing but respect for the spurs.
Mike Wagener::Wow, a legitimately respectful OKC fan!
Tatyana Kuptsevich::As a Spurs fan, I have healthy respect for Thunder and earnestly believe them to be our most dangerous competition in the West. Warriors and Blazers are tough this year too. Clippers and Rockets will have good regular season records but will get bounced in the playoffs due to poor defense. Barring injuries, Spurs-OKC rematch is very likely in WCF.
Mike Wagener::Tatyana Kuptsevich, agreed.
Steve Cain::Third quarter too much to over come.  Great game by Jackson, see you Thunder fans In SA in Dec.
Mike Wagener::SPURS will get win #14, OKC nothing but another small bump in the road to ring #5!!!
Noah McArthur::Just like the last 6 years.
Mike Wagener::Noah McArthur , SPURS are always in the hunt, they are the model of a franchise that is consistently competetive.  Heart breaking as it was, they were 28 seconds away from ring #5 (yeah, 5,,how many does OKC have?) last year but had it slip away.  Good luck with your current roster, your team isn't going back to any Finals anytime in the near future.
Noah McArthur::I know they're always in the hunt, but with your players getting older and older, why would this be the year? Lol, the 5 rings argument. Are you a Notre Dame fan? OKC has been in existence for only 6 years. Oh, you're also Nostradamus, OKC isn't going to the finals "cuz u sey so".
John Paul Wilkinson Jr::Congratulations Thunder.  But I'll still take an .867 percentage when all is said and done.  That's a 71-11 record I believe.
Ayn Bland::Houston will add another to the L column.    The Spurts problem this season is they're eating their pudding before their meat.  Playoff caliber teams are giving them fits and that doesn't bode well for their chances in the playoffs.
A.J. Yowler::Ayn Bland yeah 13-2..  not looking good at all
Ayn Bland::Yeah, 13-2..  How many of those 15 teams will be in the playoffs?  I think the number you're looking for here is three.  Of those three SA lost to two and barely edged the third, which was playing without their PG..    Yeah, every team loses games, but SA doesn't have a single win under their belt this season against a full strength playoff caliber team.
Coalhouse Walker::How about say this is going to be a great game. It won't be a blow out. Either team could win this one regardless of who ya' root for..
Alice Soefje::Nicely put. I have never understood why fans of any team put down another team. Beating any team is an accomplishment because these are pros and any team can get hot on any night. As they say in the NFL  "On any given Sunday."
Zane Bligh::Ayn Bland appears to have a personal problem with a sports team. Wo.
Zane Bligh::Oh yea, go Spurs go!!
Mike Wagener::I wonder if Ayn Bland used the moniker "slam dunk on u"....he was a major Spur hater.
Tatyana Kuptsevich::That's what I suspect.
Shawn Bento::Serge be like, "not in my house" x5
Ayn Bland::Spurts have had a pretty easy ride so far.  Their only real challenge resulted in a loss.  Here comes loss #2.
Sam Saenz::If you know your history, you'd know that the Spurs were destined to lose that game LOL. Blowing an NBA team out by 45 at one point is not something that just anybody does. Here is to seeing a close game that gets away from the Thunder when their bench goes up against the Spurs'.
Ayn Bland::Have you seen OKC's bench this season?  Harden, WHO?
Sam Saenz::Ayn Bland Yeah Harden. He's the guy who carried them to the finals 2 years ago, which is now old news.
D Hyrum Vaughn::I am going to go here.  This Spurs team may very well be the most overrated team in league history.  A HORRIBLY inflated record with a group of past-their-prime leaders pounding teams that couldn't beat a drum if they were wearing it.  It wouldn't surprise me if this team doesn't make the playoffs at all.  This MAY be the 10th best team in the west.  They aren't going to get to play Cleveland, NY, and Utah forever.  Unfortunately, the run is over.
Ethan Sanders::hahaha, you've been drinking the good stuff tonight! the Spurs will be one of the top 4 seeds, and I'll put any amount of money you want on it.
Fernando Rivera::im not a fan of neither of these to teams but saying the Spurs are overrated and wont make the playoffs is retarded, 13-2 is overrated?and losing to the thunder by 6 on the road in November? yeah i wonder who they pick in the lottery. The Spurs have the best coach in the league right now he get the best out of his players old or not, this is a veteran battle tested team and in a 7 game series i take the Spurs over the Thunder.
Ayn Bland::I think you may be right, but I'm waiting until they get beat by Houston before I stick a fork in them.  The spurts are obviously overrated.  OKC's stars laid an egg and they still won.  That's not to say they're not playoff material.
Teresa Variel::having westbrook back and hopefully  healthy for the playoffs helps OKC to go deeper but how much? No Harden coming off the bench does not help. His depth was incredible, but Ibaka would have to put up Lebron type numbers to replace JHard, not happenin.  the spurs if healthy will be facing the heat once again, this time WINNING!  Go hobbled Lakers Go!!!    Best of luck to Kobe, sorry Drose, best of recoveries!
Ayn Bland::So adorable.
Shawn Bento::you are over a year too late making that comment.  Thunder have proved they can win without Harden
Aron Zoltan Laszik::honestly i feel lamb funaki and jackson can easily make up for harden
Jack Dolley::Can't believe OKC is up on San Antonio with Westbrook playing this terribly. His aggressiveness frees up everyone else though! Love it!
Frankie Fridrich::Spurs couold lose this one but nothing changes the fact that with their depth, they have the advantage in a seven game series over any Western team
Ayn Bland::OKC bench is outperforming theirs..  Spurts may be deep, but it looks like OKC is deeper.
Garrett Berg::So very true ^^^
Frankie Fridrich::It's one game. In the playoffs, they play a seven game series. I'll take the Spurs depth and experience any day. Wouldn't be easy over OKC but I definitely see them pulling out a series win
Lance Baldwin::The Spurs got lucky that Westbrook got hurt last year. Win or lose this game I don't see any other scenario than a healthy Thunder team back in the finals at the end of the season.
David Garcia::So Barely getting by Houston and Getting b!tch slapped by Memphis was due to Westbrook being injured?  The other player aren't capable of picking up the slack? Stop making excuses.  They should have Kept harden and let Ibaka walk.  Wait, that was the Spurs fault as well.  OKC is one big excuse since they have done NOTHING
Ayn Bland::Is this where you do your Lakers fan impression and start bragging about the glory days?
David Garcia::Ayn Bland Glory days? Yeah too bad OKC knows nothing about that.  Spur history speaks for itself.  You don't need me to bring you up to speed, do you? Your comments are changing to a defensive response.  BURNT!
