argenis fradique::This will now be a new NBA rule now. You see this all the time a free throw is made and the ref will hand the ball over to a player from the opposing team of the foul shooter who does his thing to it-puts a hex on the second foul shot, rubs it whatever it happens all the time. As silly as it is Amir has probably done that 1000 times and was shocked that the ref didn't let him see the ball. So now no one will be able to handle a made free throw but the ref- mark my words.
Its All Hearsay::what a cry baby
wisky12::toronto should not have a basketball team, when a team shoots 0-20 from 3 and still beats u by 18 theres issues
aarondontcare::Dallas needs to make a move for Aldridge
pavpervan::Amir Johnson = THUG...nice haircut BTW. NBA needs to get these guys into proper edicate classroom. Normal haircuts and esp to get rid of the sh*tlocks so we as the fans could see what the actual players last name is.
Boingnova::Bear Bryant Alabama Crew-Cut?  It's 2012 Pav - deal with it.
CBass1317::"normal" haircuts. Racist anyone?
MushyCoug::Lol, its the NBA you know..."Not Ballin' Anymore"
sportsguy9433::this is why he plays for the raptors ladies and gentleman
bromz19::????? your a truue $@%!$@%
DrumStyx1986::I like that he said the ref "rejected" him from the game. Shows the intelligence level we are dealing with.
ron4317::You would think that a multi billion industry could train its players how to behave properly. The NFL has similar issues, but at least its players don't come across as "thugs"
n88nick06::So if NBA players are thugs?  What are Hockey players with half their teeth missing because they punch each other's lights out on a nightly basis?  You rarely even have a fight or dust up in the NBA or NFL and when it happens it's a big deal because it rarely happens.  But in NHL it happens all the time, dudes fight to the bloody end, until one guys is beaten to where he can't get up then they stop it.  So if NBA guys are thugs for barely fighting, then what are NHL dudes that fight all the time?  "Super Thugs" ha ha!!!!
CBass1317::only difference is NFL players are covered.  NBA is such an intimate experience.
this isnt thepost you seek::He will be in that ref's mouth next time....
Zarlbane28::Hickson had a really nice looking one handed rebound.
rhm4jc::Amir Johnson is a joke. He acted like, "hey REF, ITS MY BALL".  Maybe after this ejection and soon to follow fines, he'll learn. But, then again.....maybe not.  What an idiot.
Griffeyin96alloveragain::What an idiotic thing to do.
Bad Boy Tim Tebow::how you enjoying them maple leafs this year toronto?
bromz19::lol another tim tebow dickk rider
Boltpride9181::Portland has lost Roy, Oden, Crawford, Wallace, Camby from last years team and is still close to .500 beating the Lakers Bulls already this season...LOL wow..!!!
ron4317::So.....
rhm4jc::They have played well considering injuries, etc.
VanGundyGoneHipster::That ref is anti-voodoo!
Red Dynamite 4.0::What a bonehead move.
Zarlbane28::Probably one of the worst highlight packages ever created... was there just an outburst or was there a game at the Rose Garden too?
forgetmenot440::It seems obvious he said something too.  The ref was walking off and then turned and ejected him like he said something.
rhm4jc::He said, "it's my ball. Give it back baldy".
ron4317::Johnson said that before free throws, he has a habit of rubbing the ball and then passing it to the ref.  "I guess the ref didn't let me have the ball so we kind of got into a tug of war," he said. "No words were really said and he rejected me out of the game and I kind of lost my cool from there."  --------------  This is some grade school playground B.S. This shouldn't belong in the pros.  The NBA should seriously consider making its players attend some type of training once a year.
SaintsDancin::what a bi-polar thug
cubsfan33442::Read the article. One outburst does not make a person bi-polar or a thug.
andersonah24::????????????????????
SlamDharma::That was just a bizarre, borderline personality move.
Boingnova::Toronto is a team of bench players - no starters.  Need to fire the GM, blow this team up, and start from scratch.  And stop trying to build "Team Europe", unless you know for a fact you can get Borat.
ESPNisBSNEWZ::they get european players because guys like bosh carter tmac etc arent willing to sign longterm, people are too obsessed with where they play
Bad Boy Tim Tebow::no one wants to play basketball in canada
Jinxster247::ref holds just as much blame as the player before the outburst.
dane123646::I guess the logic is that if the ref hadn't thrown him out of the game, then ...
SaintsDancin::i didn't see the ref do anything wrong?
Thetimpanikid16::for what? catching the ball after the free throw? hmm.....
Rpvarner::Hahaha WHAT?
milli vanilli were misunderstood::For doing his job?
cregwayne88::idk why these nba players love grabbing the ball after a free throw, but that being said, they all do it, the ref decided he was going to make this into a big deal, johnson's action were out of line certainly, but this ref pulled the ultimate joey crawford troll move, smh
SaintsDancin::MOM HE HAS MY BALL!
garsh48::Rope chain, neck tats....What an fu_cking idiot.  WhytheNBAsucks.biz
milli vanilli were misunderstood::The ref wanted the ball and the player acted like the ref stole his rope chain.
myspaceyourface::I agree with you on this one.  The official was wrong for the power struggle and Johnson was wrong for his reaction.
iCannotBeatGlassJoe::(insert sarcasm)......I'm surprised that Johnson acted that way, he looks like such an upstanding citizen.... (remove sarcasm).
dane123646::I think it may have to do with the Travis Bickle do.
cubsfan33442::(insert sarcasm) Black people are scary (remove sarcasm)
fooloof::His actions were deplorable, but I would like to know what it is about his appearance that would lead you to draw conclusions either way.
SaintsDancin::have you looked at the guy?
mada1986::He must have read Stephen Jackson's tweet about 'goin in his mouth' and thought that meant throw your mouthpiece
mada1986::I love how he acts hard only after a player steps in front of him. "Hold me back, hold me back, no seriously, grab me and hold me back so it looks like I'm running at him."
Odweeds123::Johnson is a typical nig*er
Wolfster007::and you are a typical racist
moneybags1979::i think the ref should be fined too. every player grabs the ball after a freethrow.  99% of the refs give the ball to the player .  look at that refs eyes he "rejected" him out of emotion.  refs should check that at the door. i am not saying throwing the mouth piece was right but come on that ref went home and thought  "I showed him".
wilcox1232::coach was so bad in the highlight summary. can't pronounce jonas's name says were 1-10 on the road i wish we were 1 and 10 instead of 1-14
Purpandyellow32::The ref should have given up the ball. Its the only way Johnson could get rebounds, after a free throw attempt!
kick boy face 213::he rejected me out of the game   Mensa member, no doubt ...
Tnayshuss::I understand his frustration with the refs.  His hands were straight up.  He went about it the wrong way though.
Lex Luthor II::"he rejected me"???  I HOPE to the gods that is a misquote, or that guy is completely mentally challenged.    Or it would makes sense had he been asking the ref out on a date, and he said Nay.
heynow211::College: None  Shocking
TheCarTerXXI::He was drafted out of high school. What's your point?
memfisblues::Throwing your mouthpiece at someone is the same as spitting on them.  He should sit for a LONG time.
SFCROB1369::He will be unemployed in less than a year then we will hear how the world was against him.
Wolfster007::he's been in the league for 8 years w no problems. way to be wrong though
EVERY_POSTER_IS_RIGHT::"another case of white mans racism against stupid black men in sports" ----Jemele
EVERY_POSTER_IS_RIGHT::" Hey negro, you target fans, not refs ----mwp
EVERY_POSTER_IS_RIGHT::Stupid jig going after the ref as well.  But Stern will visit with him.  But WHO is this guy anyway?
DALLASFANSINCE77::HMMMMMM................................. WHAT PENALTIES WITH THE BARBER WHO GAVE THAT THUG HIS STUPID HAIRCUT RECEIVE ??????
EVERY_POSTER_IS_RIGHT::He's going for the James Harden look without the beard
sportsfan1014::what happened to Kyle Lowry tonight? only 17 mins
Oregon_Ducks49::It's a good thing that Aldridge and Hickson played well because the jump shooting....well yeah the jump shooting.
BloodBard::ROFL the Trail Blazers went 0-20 on 3-pointers tonight, the most 3-point attempts without a make in a single game in NBA history and still won !  How bad are the Raptors ?
mtmercydave09::I know right, and they didn't just squeak out a win either, they freaking won by 18 points.
Hoosier Fan In SC 2::"What if I told you Amir just wanted to take his ball and go home?" -next ESPN 30 for 30
milkmanv1::Amir was one month too late to make PTI's Turkeys of the Year. What an idiot, he should sit two games and have a tall glass of "act right".
VanCityRep::15 of 22 on the road. What a disastrous stretch.  Still a raps fan, but man the NBA gave us no breaks.
bromz19::your all fuckking idiots, toronto is a much better city than 95% of the cities in the states
mtmercydave09::Raptors wouldn't have won at home anyways.
ghijada::Blame canada
sk0dawgs::kinda harsh
BloodBard::Every Raptor game should be a road game because Toronto Sucks and no one wants to go there !
gregorywalts1966::using a betting system named Sportsbettingstar the past couple of months. I doubled my sports book balance the first month and made almost $3,000 by the end of the second month following this systems bets. If you search google for sports betting systems you can find out more about how this system works.
YeahTerps420::"Did you see the way that basketball got Johnson in trouble?"  - Costas
LAKER_stay_FRESH_maxipads::where are you blazerfresh. you traitor
newwolftrail::i  like when  people say that.  this is when we call 911  bc  someone  knocked him  out.  check  out  youtube  past experiences on this.
BlazersFresh::Say dat 2 mah face. I'mma cut u up if ya'll r eva in Riverside.
BlazersFresh::Say dat 2 mah face, yo!
ddolph2822::You sure seem to have a bright future.
BlazersFresh::<b></b>
LAKER_stay_FRESH_maxipads::blazers bandwagon now?
cha cha chia-::LOL
