Wizard::Will any team in the Atlantic reach .500 or will a .400 team win the division en-route to a 4 game sweep in the playoffs ?  PS- unless Deron & Lopez get healthy & quick this team is in a world of hurt while burning out geriatrics Pierce & Garnett
Wu::Remember when Nets fans on these boards said that there was nothing suspicious about AK taking seven million less to go to Brooklyn because he wanted a chance at a championship? Ahahaha!
Michael Condon::If I were Jason Kidd, figure out what is wrong, and correct it. With that said, given where the Nets are in the standings right now, let alone suggesting the fault rests entirely with Kidd is laughable, but the results speak for themselves.  Change better begin quickly, or Jason is out of a job.
GmanJoe::I'm trying to be patient, knowing that the Nets have a lot of new parts that need to fit together, but 30 point losses make it hard.
kirby r::What would any reasonable person expect: a handful of stars most of them aging and way past their prime, are not going to be an elite team.
Ace::The deep reason behind T_Wolves success is Rick Adelman corner offense.  He has perfected his offense in the past 17 years to have ball movement and cuts all over the court.  I admire the way all his teams played from Sac, Hou, and now Minnesota...especially what his wife went thru last year along with all the injuries...def pulling for the Wolfpack!
Erik::While I still like Kirilenko and wish him the best, despite the bizarre way in which he left, there is a certain amusement to recent events.  Wonder if he wishes he was still back with the Timberwolves, as they finally look like they might be competent, and the Nets have not.  I won't make fun of him getting an epidural, though, as tempting as it might be...
Commenter::Remember: Jason Kidd was offered this coaching job before the reigning Coach of the Year. But rich people made these decisions so we can not question them.
kirby r::Love the fact that all these Nets fans actually think the problem is just the coaching. Remember all that crowing at the start of the season about the talent lineup of the Nets. How did they think a team like Boston with all these players plus Rondo that couldn't win, would win with less talent around their old guys? It's not Kidd but the delusional fans that need bouncing.
Be+::Why didn't Jason Terry play?  Coach's decision?  I remember his Mavs days and I think he can still help a bit.
