Trever Meenen::James had to join Wade in order to win a championship why does he get so much respect from the media?
Jody George Prats::oh
Cliff Boyce::um maybe cause he's actually good
Robert Hawley::it's very simple: no one can win alone. and if you watched the playoffs the past couple years, you would know that lebron basically carried the heat to those championships. wade was hurt both years and bosh played like crap last year
Aasheesh Shravah::Hey look, a Bulls blowout and the stadium is still packed! (heat fans confused....)
David Ryzewski::Heat fans would be at the alternative bars on south beach by now
Phil McCracken::Keep on crying.
Aasheesh Shravah::Phil McCracken sounds like you're the one sobbing
David Ryzewski::Man I am thoroughly impressed at the way Lebron makes others on his team play better and inspires them with his mental fortitude and clutch shooting!!!!!  SAID NO ONE EVER!!!!
Arman Hossainzadeh::Bron is the most unselfish superstar in history, since day 1 he has made players not even remotely close to his level better. Kobe could learn a thing or two from him because when LeBron retires people who played with him will have nothing but GREAT things to say. Kobe has made championship team mates his enemies.
David Ryzewski::Arman Hossainzadeh  That has to be the funniest thing I have ever heard.... you have a great imagination.... never let that go. No clue on reality but an awesome imagination.
UrbanRoots ClothingCompany::kobe don't need to learn a thing from LeBron he has more rings doing it his way, kobe has no championship teammate enemies. smush parker and co don't qualify
Jason Rasnic::I wonder if Lebron wanted Beasly on the team because he looks like his father Delonte West?
Arman Hossainzadeh::Get over it dude
Jason Rasnic::Arman Hossainzadeh Cool story.
Phil McCracken::Tell us another joke.
Dominic Green::Pacers>Heat
Demetrius Falconstakeflight Roberts::Hahahaha, no seriously...Heat rings > Pacers rings
Adam Youman::i think the pacers are pretty close
Al Sotowitz::Adam Youman  There is that Pacers attitude again. The "almost" crowd. They almost this they almost that. Till you win it's still called losing.
John F. Griffin::Good God I hate all of the 12 year old white kids from nebraska that are in love with Lebron... Yes, Lebron is the best in the game right now, but you kids should probably save your first boner for the ladies
Bryce Morgan::as opposed to the half breeds from Missouri? Yeah, they are so much better
Jody George Prats::This is Chicago's version of a finals game 7 For the Heat it's just another game.
Cliff Boyce::Well said my friend, Well said
Rob Munnell::lol if the heat we're winning you wouldn't be saying that. Someone's a little butthurt
John Keros::Actually, if the Heat were winning, it'd still be just another game.
Corey Pyle::I find it hilarious how Alan Ogg is always on other teams' boards but rarely makes an appearance on Heat boards. What a great "fan" (troll)
Corey Pyle::At least Jeff Ariano is consistent in making dumb comments on his own board too. Alan Ogg.. what a wussbag
Jonah Swidan::Ogg is such an Idiot!!  Ariano is just a simple teenager who doesn't have a high basketball IQ
Alan Ogg::Jonah Swidan miss u guys
Aasheesh Shravah::biggest difference...MJ never had no effort games.
Robert Hawley::he had plenty of poor games.
Aasheesh Shravah::Robert Hawley bad shooting nights yes, but zero effort like this, never.
Arman Hossainzadeh::Ridiculous thing to say, Jordan played poor games as much as any other great however he played his BEST when he HAD to play his best in the big moments. Something LeBron does routinely nowadays.
Jody George Prats::The East is so weak this year and the Bulls can't even sniff .500
Dakota Cooper::You know they're only one game under .500? I'd call that sniffing
Tom Maliszewski::The real question is, what have you been sniffing?
David Ryzewski::Hey is Lebron crying again???
Zach Van Duzer::His "back is bothering him" again...
Stanton Boatman::At least it's at the United Center. Maybe my Bulls will squeak by like Detroit. Even though it's doubtful that the Heat would drop 2 games in a row to sub .500 teams.
Adam Youman::be more confident in the bulls!! we are a great home team!
Paul Walker::Bulls fans are so cocky...why??? You've won NOTHING in 15 years.
Clint Perry Turner::You're supposed to be dead
Shawn Blond::Who exactly is cocky? A miniscule amount of people on an ESPN message board? Because that represents the entire Bulls fan base? Moron
Jon Callender::Clint Perry Turner HAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAH
Jody George Prats::I can't believe we choked again.  --Bulls fans after the game
James Garcia::your stupid
Marcos Kolioulis::and the bulls select jabari parker with the number 1 pick
Sloto Mania::You're* James
Ben Rinaldi::Teams have off games and really incredible nights and we're seeing both scenarios play out in this game.  In an 82 game season, it happens.  The overreactions over a single game are pretty funny.  The Heat will be PLENTY FINE and competing for their third straight, and I hate them with a passion.
Kenton Williams::Far too logical for this board. Scram!
Andrew Gregory Kragt::And you just lost to the Pistons.
Ben Rinaldi::Andrew Gregory Kragt Huh? I'm a Pacers fan.  Guess being objective isn't a familiar concept to some.
Mike Wagener::Miami Heat....BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Lu Kane::my bulls play their best game of the year and keep it close... heat 109 bulls 72  :(
Stanley Chi Hawks::37 points is close?
Al Sotowitz::Stanley Chi Hawks  You have a tough time deciphering sarcasm huh?
Tyjuan McCants::Heat-97  Bulls-85
Jake Gilliland::Why I've always loved the Bulls even as an Ohio boy. Intense Team hustle and Unity beats Superstar show offs every time.
Tim Wu::im not a heat fan and im a realist. you actually think the bulls without rose will beat the heat when the games really count?
Jake Gilliland::Tim Wu im a realist too and if Bulls keep playing w the intensity, hustle, and rebounding effort they played with last night i'll put them against anybody. especially if Rose was back for the playoffs...You happen to catch the look on LBJ's face in the first half when he saw the intensity the Bulls were bringing, as soon as he started barking his displeasure to the rest of the Heat they looked like wounded kids getting yelled at by their dad. and all the Bulls did was score off rebounds.
Art Galikowski::Tim Wu - I do. Wade is on his last minutes. Bosh just sucks. LeBron getting frustrated with his teammates. No help in sight. Tough to win 4 in a row, fatigue(mental and physical) just too much. Might not be the Bulls but it wont be the (c)Heat.
Gino Foggia::If Wade isn't able to play most of the season, skip games or miss the post season this Heat team will have no shot in the playoffs..
David Ryzewski::Well watching Lebron play last post season that is obvious... he can not and does not know how to take over a game on his own. He is always living off of Wades effort.
Robert Hawley::wade has the flu right now. and i don't see why he would miss the post season. they're getting him a lot of rest this season.
Kevin O'Sullivan::David Ryzewski You are on drugs bro. Go home. Please rewatch Game 7. You live in a dream world.
Christopher Ciacchi::If Miami keeps getting lit up like this, James will have no choice but to come back to Cleveland!
Tony Hartmann::The Heat are getting smoked like a bong at a Fish concert.
Paul Steeno::Heat fans calling Bulls fans bandwagon fans. That is cute. You guys didn't have a fan base until 2010.   Bulls will rise to the challenge like they always do and hand the Heat their 2nd straight loss.
Vincent Pollio::I think you forget Miami had Dwyane Wade and Shaq in 2006 when they won a championship.  Years prior they made the playoffs plenty of times with awesome players/great coaches.
Adam Youman::lol bulls fans are here to stay! were gonna rough up every team that plays us and make sure to give em hell every minute on the defensive end! were not gonna just roll over so watch out heat dont expect an easy win or even a win at all!
Paul Steeno::with your profile picture and username I cant take you seriously. And the bulls been top tier in attendance rate through the dark years(post Jordan-rose)so you are a complete idiot about that. And, Im sure you thought that the bulls couldn't beat you guys last year in the regular season without rose...how did that turn out? lastly, it is nice to see that heat fans are still classless dbags like during the espn conversation board day.
Horacio Salgado::y'all wanna hear a joke..bulls are under a .500 team
Marcos Kolioulis::it's still early in the season, i want the bulls to not make the playoffs and get a top 5 pick
Joe Brooks::Isn't everyone in the East? ok, we'll exclude Indiana and Miami, at least for now.
Adam Youman::Joe Brooks wanna hear a better joke? your down by 14 to the bulls in the first half
Jody George Prats::At this pace the Heat will only win by 8
