Mark::T-Wolves have had their ups and downs, but its nice to see those guys healthy and competing again, the last five years or so , Wolves were an easy win for anybody, now we  have a real team to go out on the floor.   Get into the playoffs  this year and go from there.
Tony::Lillard is starting to get his shooting touch back. He has been frustrated thus far, shooting in the 35% range. The last couple of games he is looking confident in his jump shot again. I just hope that when it comes time to resign him he will decide to stay and won't try to go to Golden State, or the Lakers.
Dan::Credit Lillard and the Blazers for making the Wolves answer a couple times but Minnesota got it done. Too bad Love couldn't get his first triple-double but it's bound to happen in the near future. I don't think Portland shot enough threes tonight (heavy sarcasm). Wolves still need to do a better job closing teams out but a win is a win. Can the Wolves finally get above .500 in their next outing please?   WOLVES WIN!
doomshades::This is some serious beatdown. Love could achieve a triple double in 25 mins. play time. The Timberwolves has a positive point differential despite standing 12-13 so apparently this team is better than what is record says.
Fort Apache::Portland has no legs tonight, probably thought the Wolves would be easy, and they're having problems finding another gear. Will the Wolves collapse in the second half b/c of their weak bench? Hard to tell; their bench has played well in the first half. Shved has started to look like he did early last year. He needs a good game. Mbah a Moute has actually finished at the rim twice. Miracles do happen.
mark::I see Ricky Rubio was shooting the lights out again! The Target Center is going to have to replace every light standard in the building if the Timberwolves keep letting this guy shoot.
Josh::Portland looks extremely tired. Minnesota is well rested.
Paul::Portland is tired. Just crazy to expect any team to play 4 games in 5 nights on the road, especially coming from the west coast.  Portland has to do it 3 times this year, no one else has to do it more than once.  NBA knows where its money comes from and will do everything to keep small markets down.
K101::T wolves can beat the trailblazers anytime. They got the chance to play a full and healthy t wolves lineup. Not like last year when the blazers were beating most of their bench who were starting for them cause of injuries.
Joe::If Aldridge gets cold, we'll give it to Lillard.  If Lillard gets cold, we'll give it to Batum.  If Batum gets cold, we'll give it to Mathews.  If Mathews gets cold, we'll give it to Williams.  That's what I call weapons.
