DvlDog6::Are Spur fans called "Spurriers?"
RespectThaGame::No, but DvlDog6 is called an "idiot".
Cameron58366::I don't want to say the NBA should give the Spurs the championship trophy already, but if they can continue to play at the level they did last night, they have a very good chance at being the top contender for the title.  While the defense struggled in the first quarter, they seemed to really figure out some serious kinks throughout the rest of the game.  Danny Green and Kawhi Leonard are continuing to steadily improve, but Tiago Splitter should take the award for the most-improved Spur this year.  Hats off to the backup point guards as well, their play really surprised me.  Hopefully they will be able to keep up the great play.  Go Spurs Go!
CBass1317::You are smart to say they should not be given the trophy.   Miami Heat are not giving up 79 points in a half of basketball at home against the Blazers.
fallsoversteve::i really like their chances as well. well said.
fallsoversteve::spurs doin work. this is our year. bring on the heat. its time for the finals.
NBASantas::Dang. http://nbasantas.blogspot.com/2013/03/santas-stop-thunder.html
BexyIndy55::Giving up Harden = nail in the coffin for OKC's title hopes.  Presti needs a few lessons from RC Buford.
lbcuk1::SPURS VS HEAT FINAL. SPURS IN 6 GAMES THEY WILL HAVE HOME COURT DUE TO BETTER RECORD THAN MIAMI
LetsPlayScRyB::the spurs.......the dallas cowboys of the nba
fallsoversteve::sense? this makes none.
cowscan::the cowboys dynasty is dead and has been for some time. thanks jerry
Cowboys N Spurs Dynasty::Spurs = 90's Cowboys or before that  Cowboys Dynasty Always &gt; Patriots  ALWAYS
bnair14::He is sort of right the Spurs are like the Pre-Jerry Jones Cowboys under Tom Landry...always played hard no ego, had like a 20 season playoff streak
Lamarduwork::we are more like NE Patriots thank you very much.
bnair14::Except the Spurs don't cheat...But yea Billachick and Pop are sort of the same.
33aggies::makes no sense? cowboys have all the hype and payroll in the world, spurs have neither?
BexyIndy55::Fail.  Spurs 4-0 in NBA Finals. Heat 2-1.   Scoreboard bi*tch.
nflfan902::kobe was right when he called westbrook the next mamba. he took 27 shots
agent00000000000007::heat won 18 in a row and still don't have the best record :)
HowsMyDTaste::Proven by your record right?
LetsPlayScRyB::we dont need the best record because we are overall the best team
LAMVP2424::Westbrook is not a PG
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::but he wants to be cause its the guy who has the ball, natural thing analyzing his personality  that okc management backs this up is beyond me
agent00000000000007::Probably be the easiest championship the spurs will have won.
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::kitastrophy34 The_Song_Remains_The_Same_ - okc dont need a PG thats 6th in scoring    they have durant    dude, he is 5th in assists as well... and yes durant needs help scroing. Russ isn't your typical PG and people need to realize that  --  you need to realize that  PG that more than often has a me first mentality, more than often misses shots and try to overcome that by hitting more shots totally forgeting about the team and the game itself is a total reliability  that he scores a lot only gives him credit to screw when the important times come  last year in WCF he wasnt a factor, harden wasm but still tey needed the refs in game 6 to finish the spurs and their strong comeback after 3 losses
kitastrophy34::I don't need justification on a decision that one of the best GM's in the league made in keeping Westbrook.  There is a reason that those people do what they do for a job, and you guys are on a message board.
rynospurs21::I guess you will fially understand come plaoff time.
rynospurs21::You cant explain anything to him. Harden lead the league in FT's in the 4th quarter. That should explain a lot, but for some reason he doesnt get it.
kitastrophy34::bahahahh Harden was a NON FACTOR in the Finals and was a total flop in the Finals... did you even watch the Finals?
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::im talking about WCF  that harden chocked in the finals doesnt exposed anything egomaniac in his personality, its just that he shrunk by the moment and missed shots, something easier and more likely to mature, unlike westbrook behaviour  and that doesnt take the fact westbrook was a non factor in both finals
rynospurs21::The Heat knew to stop him to win. He was the creator for everybody.
espitiaandres::Good job, Spurs!
kitastrophy34::If you don't think Westbrook is one of the best PG's in the league and you don't think  he will improve you don't know basketball... Look up any list of top 10 pg's currently..  http://nba.si.com/2013/03/02/top-ten-point-guards-chris-paul-tony-parker-russell-westbrook-kyrie-irving-derrick-rose/
kitastrophy34::yep, and if you think about it, Parker and CP3 been playing PG their whole life, Russ has been playing it only 4 years now
jeperales::???  what did he play at UCLA?
rynospurs21::I guess you will never understand what i am saying. Nobody is sying he in not a top 10 guy. Just saying that Harden is just as good, but makes everybody else on the team better.
rynospurs21::That is crazy talk. If you are such a stat guy, just go compare them.
kitastrophy34::I believe that you take Westbrook away from OKC and add Harden the team would be worse and not a championship contender
kitastrophy34::I don't agree with that at all, but to each their own.
WesTexSpur::RW is obviously one of the top PG's in the league, he is still very green though. I know that sounds ridiculous to say seeing as how he has been in the league for a while and seen finals action, but look how long it took Parker to come into his prime. I would seriously argue that Parker is in his prime right now, too.
pinekush420::LOL!!!!! screw the Thunder, glad OKC lost.
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::lebron - refs = 2nd round exit  okc - refs = bobcats
rynospurs21::Kita... We are not saying that RW is a bad player. Any tean would love to have him, but they made the wrong decision. Harden is a more team oriented player that RW.   BTW, can you imagine RW on the Spurs getting chewed out by Pop every game?
rynospurs21::It is not always aboout stats. TP doesnt have the best stats, but i would take him over RW for this year to make a run to the finals.
kitastrophy34::rynospurs21 - I agree. He is more athletic and has better size, but will he ever get the IQ to go with it. That is the difference between taking Harden over RW. LBJ doesnt always post the best stats, but you cant deny that he is the best player on the court at all times.  CP3 and Parker have been playing PG their WHOLE life, Westbrook just started 4 years ago and NEVER played that position before... he WILL improve and he is already amazing....
rynospurs21::I agree. He is more athletic and has better size, but will he ever get the IQ to go with it. That is the difference between taking Harden over RW. LBJ doesnt always post the best stats, but you cant deny that he is the best player on the court at all times.
kitastrophy34::I think when russ is parkers age he will be much better than parker.. just an opinion though
kitastrophy34::I mean, there is no way in hell Harden would be 6th in scoring and 5 th in assists if westbrook was gone
kitastrophy34::The_Song_Remains_The_Same_ - okc dont need a PG thats 6th in scoring  they have durant  dude, he is 5th in assists as well... and yes durant needs help scroing.  Russ isn't your typical PG and people need to realize that
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::okc dont need a PG thats 6th in scoring  they have durant
kitastrophy34::Pop would have him straightened out by now I bet, Scott Brooks needs to spank him and tell him to grow up!  But no, I would rather have Westbrook than Harden sorry
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::dont waste your time explaining things to turds
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::Sports-1on1- I got a better one, spurs Fail each year in playoffs lmao ---  someon tell this guy the spurs have won 4 times already  how many franchises have won 4 or more  what a joke
rynospurs21::Do we really have the 9th seed Laker fans trolling already?
WesTexSpur::It's quite unfortunate, but yes we do. He is not the most intelligent one either.
kitastrophy34::Spurs are one of the most successful teams in modern day bball
WesTexSpur::They are not currently the best NBA team, as their record would indicate. I may be from Texas, but you are a dumba.ss.
Sports-1on1-::kitastrophy34 - Sports-1on1- - Fail  Lakers--&gt; spurs smh  yes lakers and boston as well... your point?  Lakers best team in NBA look it up
kitastrophy34::Sports-1on1- - Fail  Lakers--&gt; spurs smh  yes lakers and boston as well... your point?
Sports-1on1-::Fail  Lakers--&gt; spurs smh
kitastrophy34::yea really fail...They have made the playoffs in 21 of the last 22 seasons, and have not missed the playoffs in the 15 seasons since Tim Duncan was drafted by the Spurs in 1997.
Sports-1on1-::Lakers 16 ring b itch own your team in playoffs hahahahahaha you mad.?  Man you people in TX ARE SLOW
Sports-1on1-::WesTexSpur - His point being that there are not many teams that have won more than four rings. You sir, are an idiot.  This coming from a Tx redneck  Fail stupid
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::im not from TX or US for that matter  i dont even have a nba team  #fail
WesTexSpur::His point being that there are not many teams that have won four or more rings. You sir, are an idiot.
Sports-1on1-::The_Song_Remains_The_Same_ - how many have won 4 or more? can you read?  Bulls hahah You keep failing just stop
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::how many have won 4 or more? can you read?
MikeyMustard::sooo.... russel westbrook point shaved, right?
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::you guys, oh no  i just found a better joke . . . . . . . .  kitastrophy34 NO ONE In okc would want that to happen, especially Durant or Scott Brooks[[[[ They believe with maturity]]]]]] and more experience that Westbrook will be one of the best players in the league in a few years... hellhe is already the #6 scorer in the league and 5th in assists
Sports-1on1-::I have no life,and I live  in mommy basement "   You
kitastrophy34::you're a freekin moron dude, troll it up with nonsense
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::i dont like what he has to say, lets offend him  you
kitastrophy34::Westbrook currently 6th in scoring out of ALL NBA players, 5th in assists, 1st in rebounding amongst PG's, 5th in steals.. he already is one of the best players and when he matures more, he will be incredible.
kitastrophy34::he will and has a little bit, and  he is already an allstar
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::will he mature?
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::best joke around  . . . . . . . . .  .okc traded harden instead of westbrook  hahahahahahahahah
Sports-1on1-::I got a better one, spurs Fail each year in playoffs lmao
Sports-1on1-::The_Song_Remains_The_Same_ - 4 times champ  Lakers 16 ring lmao you mad ?
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::4 times champ
kitastrophy34::Westbrook and Durant were signed way before the harden trade came up....
kitastrophy34::dude I'm not taking to you Ryno, that response was to the guy who posted, ESPN is laggin...
rynospurs21::Can you read?
kitastrophy34::You're the joke b/c you don't even know what the trade was about, and it had nothing to do with westbrook
rynospurs21::kitastrophy34 - rynospurs21 - Everyone knows that. It was about money, but thet could have trade RW for a player making less and picks to re-sign Harden. there is a reason that we singed Durant and Westbrook to 5 year deals... they are the future of OKC and Sam Presti and Scott Brooks wouldn't have had it any other way... and no you don't know more than one of the best GM's in the league  I know that the Spurs would have kept Harden over RW all day, every day
rynospurs21::Sorry! That is all we are trying to say. That Harden is a better all around team oriented player and RW is a scorer and atherletic defender. He does not help get others easy shots. If he starts doing that then they just as good, but even those two guys cant play 48 minutes a game.
kitastrophy34::rynospurs21 - Everyone knows that. It was about money, but thet could have trade RW for a player making less and picks to re-sign Harden.  there is a reason that we singed Durant and Westbrook to 5 year deals... they are the future of OKC and Sam Presti and Scott Brooks wouldn't have had it any other way... and no you don't know more than one of the best GM's in the league
kitastrophy34::NO ONE In okc would want that to happen, especially Durant or Scott Brooks.  They believe with maturity and more experience that Westbrook will be one of the best players in the league in a few years... hellhe is already the #6 scorer in the league and 5th in assists
rynospurs21::Everyone knows that. It was about money, but thet could have trade RW for a player making less and picks to re-sign Harden.
ruedsone10::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOWbbAqJVFA
ruedsone10::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOWbbAqJVFA
ruedsone10::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOWbbAqJVFA  KD!!!!!!
kitastrophy34::This is so funny how you guys can look at a couple games in a NBA season and think that you have a team all summed up!  IT'S THE REGULAR SEASON, and there is a reason that really good teams like the heat, spurs, thunder, grizz, clips etc.. can lose to anyone on any given night... That is the reason there are 7 game series in the playoffs people.
rynospurs21::We see the writing on the wall. OKC are not the same team without Harden and it shows against the better teams in the league. If they could have kept Harden, they would be the hands down favorite. Even if they lost RW for a pss first PG.
rynospurs21::Yes those two may have improved, but the rest of the team has not. The bench is worse because they dont have a player to run the offense and create for others. Even if RW plays with the 2nd group he doesnt get anybody easy shots.
kitastrophy34::No they aren't the same team without harden, but Durant and Westbrook are both better and so is the rest of the team
Notta Lespn1::only if u win 3 first
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::HARDEN&gt;WESTBRICK(FAKE PG);)
GEORGE W. BUSH IS MOST BELOVED PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME::WESTBRICK SHOOTS ENOUGH BRICKS TO BUILT HIS HOUSE;)
Sports-1on1-::Fail SN bush is a joke Tx= bunch of rednecks
hornsfanatx86::maynard&gt;westbrook
Notta Lespn1::westbrook hit 20 Field goals in the nba finals to get 40pts , Durant had back to back 20+ freethrow games to get 40 pts.
Notta Lespn1::Meanwhile the ever efficient combo of Deng and Noah has led the Bulls to a winning record at home on the road in conf and division, they have recently fell 1 game behind miami in road wins (17) and tied with indiana for in conf wins (26).
Notta Lespn1::Despite the loss of key free agents like Asik, Korver, Brewer, Watson, Lucas III, and injuries to key players including the YMVP. Bulls win, Bulls win, Bulls win!
jrosborough08::All Western teams have taken notice on how to beat OKC.  The blueprint:  -D-up Durant -Let Westbrook run wild -Slow the game down
BilliamDollas572::YOU DON'T WIN THE SILVER MEDAL YOU LOSE THE GOLD
BilliamDollas572::you said that to say what a lost is a lost no matter what the score is
hornsfanatx86::the mavs had very close games against OKC actually. could have gone either way besides the one blowout
BilliamDollas572::ask the lakers,grizz and mavs how they feel about your blueprint
82Teo::gotta bounce, take it easy folks.
PreZ_4_PreZ::Bye Manti! See ya around. You can clown me about the Cowboys and PSU in about 6 months
scoot tre::Anybody else excited that Kawhi Leonard is coming into his own.  If you don't think a star is forming in front of your eyes, you just don't know the game!
jrosborough08::He's coming up. Pop is like Larry Brown...he knows how to develop players!!
hornsfanatx86::as a mavs fan i share no excitement with the spurs fans
hornsfanatx86::he is in town for SXSW then? like everyone else lol. the traffic is terrible. i like him as an owner for his passion for the team. unfortunately his ownership will be marred by not resigning the championship team and i dont think that scar will ever be relieved
scoot tre::Met Mark Cuban yesterday in Austin.  Hate the Mavs but he's a hell of an owner
kitastrophy34::He is definitely a baller!
KatelynFabersLawyer211::Kawhi is the man!! Best trade the Spurs have ever made!
jrosborough08::Does anyone believe OKC can defeat Miami in a final?  ....I don't think so either....
Shawn1807::No but the Spurs might!
hornsfanatx86::westbrook beats the team
fullyfullofit::Westbrook needs better direction.  He thinks he is doing what is best and the person to reel him in...has to be the head coach or Durant
mccoy3181::But OKC wont even beat the Spurs in the WCF.
jrosborough08::And what does the Spurs do....play good half-court offense, and slow down durant.  Westbrook can score all he wants, and it won't matter!
fullyfullofit::Spurs won't get them on the 2nd of a BTB and be fully rested
fullyfullofit::I do, but they need to learn to play better "D" and Durant needs to take over the game
fullyfullofit::I agree to some degree and that is why I think they may have an HC problem
jrosborough08::OKC has NO PLAN B. Once you play good half-court offense, and slow down Durant....that's it!!
BilliamDollas572::what is kevin martin on the team 4 everybody's quick to point out what he can't do but what he can do is score if given the chance.one kevin won't shoot one kevin can't get shots and russ is shooting 4 everybody.i think scott brooks is a good coach but.....
jrosborough08::Westbrook has all of Kobe's bad habits...but with NOTHING to show for it:  -selffish -shoots too much -savior's complex -prevents other all-star from getting off
KatelynFabersLawyer211::And Harden completely wet the bed in the Finals last year.
jrosborough08::And Durant had games with 2 rebounds, and Westbrook tried to save the day!!
KatelynFabersLawyer211::Yeah, it's too bad that Russ' never had dominant big men to hide his deficiencies...
82Teo::LOL, you nailed him
jrosborough08::He had Harden to bail him out!!
hornsfanatx86::when are OKC fans going to realize that westbrook and not harden should have been traded? westbrook is poison
PreZ_4_PreZ::Sure, maybe not. But we're all just fans here (even though I hate the Thunder, lol) Was just wondering his take.
PreZ_4_PreZ::Anyone in particular in mind? Like, a disciplinarian? How do you think he'd react to a Pop, or a Doc?
hornsfanatx86::like he knows more
jrosborough08::If Westbrook could calm down, he'd be fine. But he's mentally unstabled!!!
fullyfullofit::I really think he needs a different coach
fullyfullofit::He's not poison.  He just needs better direction from the head coach.
fullyfullofit::Other than Brooks, who has been his coach in the pros?
hornsfanatx86::and he will blow up and not listen. hasnt he shown that he cant be coached?
jrosborough08::OKC got owned by Splitter????  What?
PreZ_4_PreZ::And KaWow
hornsfanatx86::KD shot 13 times and catfish shot 27 times. who is the better scorer again?
Kobe 6-24 Game 7 Finals::Westbrick with the half court shot hahahahahaha
BoWendy McHardie Bugers::shut yo $@% up there is no way westbrook is going to LA no way
82Teo::he isnt mentally stable. he also wants to be the man on his team.
82Teo::he's a clown, i can honestly see him leaving OKC for LA
MannyOwnsFloyd::GO SPURS GO
PreZ_4_PreZ::Go Spurs Go!
82Teo::calm down, prez 4 prez might get mad
fullyfullofit::Westbrook is a heck of a talent, but does take too many bad shots, but anymore much of the blame has to go to Brooks.  He needs to run the show and not let Westbrook do as he pleases
Rob Gronks ankle while dancing on stage hours after the SB:::) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) ::) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) ) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :)
BilliamDollas572::i see a lot of people talking about westbrooks shots i somewhat agree,but stop letting durant off the hook.as the team leader and top scorer he should take it upon his self to take more shots.he's too worried about being mr.efficient,mr.rebound,mr.assist do what you were drafted to do shoot the ball.
fullyfullofit::Bingo!  You are right on!  Durant and Brooks need to educate the rest of the team that this is Durant's team, especially at crunch time.
The_Song_Remains_The_Same_::splitter has yet to unleash his mid jumper  he has it, but has been afraid to use since getting in SAS
PreZ_4_PreZ::Loving that he's started to dunk it more though. Seems to be a lot less "soft" this year, though.
82Teo::ive been saying this for years.
fullyfullofit::Kevin Durant fell to #3 on my MVP ballot last night.  He needs to learn to take over games with defense and rebounding to become the top player in the game.
PreZ_4_PreZ::You make a good point here
PreZ_4_PreZ::His D was questionable at times last night, most notably on Splitter's rolls to the basket. He did force a couple TOs though, if I'm not mistaken.
Goobertastic123::I feel that sometimes Durant doesn't want to say anything to Westbrook just to avoid confrontation.  James has like 70 pounds on Durant, and James is a freak of nature.  You can't really compare size to Durant and James.
fullyfullofit::with his size, he should be every bit as good as James on "D", but he isn't even close.
hornsfanatx86::so tell his teammates to get him the ball
fullyfullofit::Again Goober, that is the coaches job....One of the reasons why I question the coach of the Thunder
Goobertastic123::Doesn't help when he has a PG that plays like he's a SG, and takes about 11 more shots than Durant.  He's taking away Durants shots.
fullyfullofit::That is the coaches job.  I did say defense and rebounding, which has nothing to do with his teammates getting him the ball
82Teo::prez is a penn state fan? LMFAO
PreZ_4_PreZ::With your Mom. She's a freak ;-)
PreZ_4_PreZ::No. I have some nice ones right here, actually. I really wanna know what you'll try next. That's why I'm hangin around now. You have become my entertainment while the lady gets ready.
82Teo::where are you and your mom going for lunch?
PreZ_4_PreZ::Penn State alum, actually. Cause, you know, I went to college, where I learned how to conduct myself like an adult. Not let Internet bullies get to me. Nice try tho ;-)
82Teo::and? you want a cookie?
Redskins_Spurs_SEC::I pose this question SPURS FANS: What 2 backup point guards do we keep for the playoffs?  Mills, Nando, or CoJo?? I am loving CoJo's defensive game, lack of TO's, and his poise on the court! Along with Mills
82Teo::he could develop a shot, tp9 used to be garbage but chip really developed his shot. and i dont like that he refused going to the d league, shows a lack of character. And troll? LOL. no. I just like ripping on these clowns who disrespect the Spurs and their fan base. I could care less about respecting these OKC fans.
PreZ_4_PreZ::Fair enough
82Teo::nando is garbage just like prez 4 prez. CoJo plays solid defense and keeps the turnovers low.
PreZ_4_PreZ::Nando has shown flashes with his passing, but his shot is downright garbage. Give him another year, a la Cojo. He basically refused to go to the D-League. Maybe seeing Joseph pass him up on the depth chart will show him the value of the experience. Oh, and dude, you do realize that you don't bother me, right? You just got butt hurt because I called you out for being a troll. Man up and talk like an adult. We're all big boys here, aren't we?
PreZ_4_PreZ::Cojo and Mills in my book. Edge to Cojo for the defense, put Mills in for a quick spark of energy.
fullyfullofit::OKC reminds me of the Doug Collins coached Chicago Bulls.  A lot of talent and doing real well, but seem to be missing a championship element.  if they don't win it all this year...I would say it is time to replace the coach
PreZ_4_PreZ::Maybe you're right. I'll concede that I really don't have an answer for the "hell of a coach" statement. I haven't watched enough Thunder games to have an answer.  And I fell into the same trap I picked on someone else about of regurgitation what people on TV said. So I retract my statement out of ignorance.
PreZ_4_PreZ::Might be a little extreme. Definitely should look at the FO though, with that Harden trade. Brooks is a hell of a coach, but he does need to reign in his players (read Westbrook) when they play outside of themselves.
fullyfullofit::What is he doing to make him a "hell of a coach" as you put it?  Should be telling the team to get Durant the ball (as noted by a poster above) more in critical situations and they seem in disarray too often.  Far more talent than San Antonio and the most talented team in the league (even more than Miami)  The Harden trade should not prevent them from being able to win it all!
82Teo::prez 4 prez=closet thunder fan
PreZ_4_PreZ::I'm guessing you should be in grade school right about now. And you're off by about 25 years, lol.
82Teo::does it matter? you're getting worked up online, and im guessing you're like 50. That is a bit embarrassing and pathetic if you ask me.
PreZ_4_PreZ::Actually, you're giving me a very good laugh right now, Love the whole "liking your own comments bit." Does it make you feel respected? Is that because noone respects you in real life?
PreZ_4_PreZ::Way to like your own post too, hahaha.
82Teo::still mad?
PreZ_4_PreZ::Lol, sure. Nice comeback. I'm hurt over here. Spurs fan since '89. Judging from your comments, looong before you were born. "Clown"
82Teo::hey did that sand in your vagin.a turn into a pearl yet?
Deport Ibaka::Kevin Durant  - FT= Rashard Lewis
82Teo::AHAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHA, KITASTROPHY IS MAD, AND CRYING, LMFAO
PreZ_4_PreZ::Oooooh, Internet memes! The way to prove your superiority? Is that it?
82Teo::u mad, bro? LOL
82Teo::teo is my name and I dont respect punks, so if you wanna show class go to school, clown
PreZ_4_PreZ::Looks like you might need to go back. Learn the proper use of commas, idiot.
PreZ_4_PreZ::Just like Teo when his boyfriend/fake girlfriend got leaked to the national media, right. Show some class
