Thedood::Nice win by the Heat. Hope Wade's spasms aren't serious.
Chaotic Cosmologist::Nuggets have a lot of depth, and with Heat being on the road it's hard to play mistake-free basketball. But Heat are the champs, they will come through.
David::Time to amnesty Bryant and ditch Gasol. Lakeshow getting whooped by two of the worst teams in the league back to back has moved them now to the very bottom.
Amalea::Happy Birthday to my idol, my favorite player, a 4-time MVP, a 2-time champion, the best basketball player on the planet, LeBron James. He's already a living legend and will gone down as one of the Greatest of All Time to ever play the game. Top 3 for sure :)
Commenter::Miami Heat the biggest proponent for Seattle regaining an NBA team since Washington also legalized Marijuana use.
Commenter::Spolstra consulting the Magic Eight Ball to make his next substitution. Beasley contemplating where he can buy an Eight Ball after the game.
Jim::Just saw some highlites, so on that three by Beasely assisted by James....James moves right foot back and forth, clearly establishing his pivot foot as the left. He shuffles both foot as he drives to the paint and actually takes off with the left (pivot) foot. This is travelling folks! Even if the ref determined that he was beginning the dribble as he moved his pivot foot...I can grant that as a possibility....but the shuffle was indeed a travel. He gets away with this frequently and its unfair to a defender. On another highlite, I think he also fouled the Denver player that dunked. Lebron was late, contacted the guys arms as he dunked. That could have been called a foul. Hes a great player, but is allowed to travel, clearly travel....OFTEN, more so than anyone else (except maybe Wade and Big guys in the paint). Officials will miss traveling calls, but they grant Lebron traveling.
Bob C::how do you smoke pot, my girlfriend is trying to teach me, do you think dwyane wade could teach me via a series of unforgettable email correspondence?
Commenter::Yet another Velcro Head victory aided by the referees.
Commenter::The Miami Velcro Heads losing again. This will be a great preview for May and June.
