Derrick Alderete::Lets go Spurs keep that streak alive....No matter what Spurs vs Blazers always end up being fun games to watch....Go Spurs Go
Anthony Wing::im a wolves fan. go portland
Nash Middleton::Anthony Wing Cool story bro.
Cody Palmer::Portland takes this game at home
Seth Johnson::In a home opener, the Blazers take this game. they can beat a healthy spurs team with no bench, they can beat a spurs team missing one of its core players with a bench
Jeremy Lugo::GOOOO!!!!! SPURS!!!!! GOOOO!!!!!
Anthony Wing::nice team and coach...seriously......but as a wolves fan i say: down with the duncan parker ginobli all star coach empire! go portland?
Emil E. Matula III::It is the day after the game, and all I have to say to Anthony is this:  You are the first person I have ever heard refer to the Spurs as an "Empire.".
Michael Martinez::Let's get that march back to June, GO SPURS!!!
William Talamantez::Since 2000 the Spurs have won 33 playoff series compared to zero for the Blazers, let Batum have that 3
Steven Anacker::The Spurs are like a cockroach. I mean that as a compliment.
Meron Foto::They never die...... always a contender every freaking year. LOL
Tom Maliszewski::Batum triple double
Daniel Stone::He only got one because he jacked up a three at the end of the game when the Spurs were walking off the court.  If thats not stat padding I don't know what is.
Tom Maliszewski::Daniel Stone Its definitely stat padding, but who cares, he accomplished his 3rd one in less then 1 season
Daniel Stone::Tom Maliszewski Then don't report it as though he earned one.
Jackson Baer::Damian Lillard is a beast!  Get the newly released, literary suspense: "The Earth Bleeds Red" http://jacksonpaulbaer.com/the-earth-bleeds-red/
Emil E. Matula III::Even though it's only Game 3 of 2013-2014, I will celebrate if the Spurs manage to knock off Portland in Portland.  Don't know why Portland fans, but no matter who steps on the floor, somehow they've had our number the past five years or so.  In any case, GO SPURS!!
Anthony Wing::spurs mad. spurs hungry. rahhhh
Anthony Wing::go blazers
Tatyana Kuptsevich::Like Pop said, if anyone figures out why the LaMarcus Aldridge always shoots like 99% against the Spurs, please let him know. I'm not upset about this one, it's still early season and the Spurs will still finish at the top. Good job, Blazers, I wish Damian Lillard a lot of luck, what a talented kid.
Jackson Baer::Go Blazers!  Get the newly released, literary suspense: "The Earth Bleeds Red" http://jacksonpaulbaer.com/the-earth-bleeds-red/
Daniel Stone::Two numbers:  55.6 % Shooting and 17-19 On FT for Portland.  Not hard to win when your team is at home shooting well and getting all the calls.
Lavender West::The Spurs should probably just forfeit all their games against the Blazers and just get an extra day of rest instead
Anthony Wing::its not going to be that easy. they have a great coach and some smart players
Lavender West::Anthony Wing Blazers have won 9 of the last 10 in Portland, 13 of 18 overall, and are now the only team with a winning record against San Antonio all time.  For some reason Portland just has the Spurs' number
Lavender West::And that sums up playing Portland, they throw up a useless 30 footer at the end of the game and even that falls
Shawnee Allison::it was batums last gasp for a triple double.
Lavender West::Shawnee Allison Sort of an unsportsman type of thing to do.  I remember a game in the 90s when a coach pulled his team from the floor when a guy was trying for one last rebound after the win was sealed.
Shawnee Allison::Lavender West it was if this was high school ball but its the pros.
Ed DeSalle::Heat OWN the Spurs! LMAO!
Joseph Fernandez::thats fine.. it seems like Brooklyn is gonna own the heat this whole year
Tatyana Kuptsevich::Even with this loss, the Spurs still have a better record so far this year. The Heat is tied with the Magic and the Bobcats in its own division. Now, that's funny.
Steve Brazel Jr.::Go PNW!
Austin Caudle::portland better be ready for today! its a big game.. if they win this then they can actully beat good teams! they can beat anyone at home
Scott Baker::Danny Green, way to do nothing again!.......you are killing my fantasy team.
Blair Ritger::Spurs win a close one tonight...something like 101-98.  GO SPURS GO!!!!!
Don Layton::Did you know that your hair was blue?
Andrey Bobrik::Ha you were wrong. 115 to 105 blazers. Let's go blazers.
Lavender West::Spurs have played like garbage in the first quarter in all 3 games so far this season.
Matt Cowlishaw::Batum dropping triple doubles is a glorious thing.
Lavender West::Has there been an official decision on whether Duncan is playing?
Joseph Fernandez::wish i knew too.. wanna know if I should take him off my Roster for fantasy
Sam Thomas::did that prayer get Batum a triple double?
Shawnee Allison::yep he deserved it
Jacob Dockter::picking portland in this one.
Michael Winter::GO BLAZERS!!!!
