David Chen::Rox should trade Lin because I really think that is the best interest for Rox.  Harden clearly wants to be superman: shooter, passer, setup-man, center-of-offense.  I say let him.  Howard and Parsons are your #2/#3 options.  Off the bench you have Garcia, Casspi.  Jones is a monster from time to time on offense.  The team really doesn't need Lin and for all likelihood won't miss him.  Lin is in a very tough situation, let him go, and I believe both sides will benefit from his departure.
Robby Turano::How about back to knicks ....
Karl Heu::MCHALE Had Lin in the the dog house.....HE Just never trusted Lin.....and doesn't know how to use the pick and roll
James Garcia::OR leave Lin on the bench to lead the 2nd unit, making the Rox even stronger. WIN-WIN SON.
Cody Peck::Rockets!
Kenny Zhang::You're ecstatic that you beat the Kings who lost two of their big three by halftime. Good job. You can't beat us otherwise.
Tony Giarratano::I think he's just happy we won.  Enjoy your .366 winning %.
Cole Delavergne::Kenny Zhang excuses for having a sht team , totally our fault your guys have glass limbs, glass jaws, and our bench murdered you in the 4th .  Yup. Could of ran it up but we were being nice. Talk about injuries? we had Jones out who has averaged 22 ppg the last 5 games.  Please buddy.  We are missing a piece every night sometimes two sometimes three. We don't make excuses, smash OKC in the first half, collapse in the second, no excuses no one gets on here and says 'oh we were gassed playing 4 times in 6 days off a back to back, nope.  We know we are trendy, we accept that , your team sucks, you should accept that.
David Chen::Comparing PB and JL is like comparing Rodman to Malone - they are different types of players.  PB is a player that isn't afraid to go all out, and he hustles on every play, isn't afraid to bang bodies.  JL is a setup man, penetrates on offense, and can give you offense if he's on his good nights.  So the question is really do you have enough offense that you want a tough PG, or do you want more offense with Lin.  I think McHale has made his choice, he wanted toughness and defense, not more offense from the PG position.
David Morant::If we get something worthwhile, I'm cool with letting Lin go ... AB can fill his role and we can bring up Canaan or Daniels from Rio Grande to take Lin's spot.   I'd like a 1st round draft pick for Lin ... don't know if anyone would do it though.  Unlike many here, I think Lin is a pretty good player. He's not a superstar, but a good, solid NBA player. He could be a 3rd or 4th option on a team that has need.
David Chen::Jeremy Lin's TO per game is 24th in this league at 2.8, for PGs Stephen Curry leads the league with 4.2, Westbrooks 4.0, James Harden is #4 in the league with 3.8 TOs per game.  John Wall at 3.5, so on and so forth.  And yet "experts" will only call JL a turnover machine?
Smokee Doubleoseven::Use TO per 48 minutes, since Lin has not been a starter all year, it is a more accurate assessment. He still averages slightly less then Harden, but in PPG he isnt close to the guys you mentioned or Harden.
David Chen::Smokee Doubleoseven Lin plays only 3-4 minutes less per game than your typical starters.  That doesn't justify the inflation of TOs by these guys, they are the real turnover machines, not Lin.
Smokee Doubleoseven::David Chen , 4.4 TO per game per 48 min is a turnover machine.  harden is 4.7.  That is bad also.  But Harden does other things, like score.
Karl Heu::MCHALE has the dumbest rotations.....Takes people out with 2 min. left --- Then re-inserts them with 30 seconds left to play......Dude, just leave the guys in there then.....
Peter Tuan Nguyen::The reason he inserted Lin back in is because PB got his 3rd PF. McHale's rotation has been so frustrating
George Jimas::man, cousins gets no calls.
David Morant::Glad we won't have to play the Kings in the playoffs ... Sure seems like they have our number. We'd be in REAL trouble in a playoff series with them.
Leland Wong::Even though PB is not too big he can mix it up and take care of business. That's why McHale and the coaching staff likes him. He only cost around 1,5 M wheras next year JL will be paid 15 M ,
Karl Heu::PB has never generated BILLIONS OF global dollars like JL has.
Leland Wong::Karl Heu Tell me how? McHale needs to win not about playing favorites. JL is way too soft, when ppl hit him he just cries and complain while PB will fight back.
Leland Wong::I could clearly see why PB is playing ahead of JL, it is all about heart.
Keith Dennis::If the Rockets lose to the Kings at home AGAIN it will confirm the fact they are pretenders.
Smokee Doubleoseven::So what does this confirm for you, probably not much different huh?
Keith Dennis::Smokee Doubleoseven DeMarcus and Rudy both down with injury.. nope not convinced.   Harden is unbelievable but the rest are suspect.
James Garcia::Well I guess we will all have to wait until these two teams play in Houston again to decide if the Rockets are pretenders or not.
Sam Miller::Jimmer Should only get minutes in the 2nd qtr all he can do is shoot
Michele Renee::PB should be kicked out of the NBA. Ticked off that they lost twice to a garbage team, gotta take out a player. AGAIN
Ephraim Renais::Did you watch the game? Bev fouled Cousins AFTER he got injured. It was Lin's foot that sweeped Cousins before the foul. Watch. The. Video.
Vlad Ghita::That was a clean block by Beverley and Cousins rolled his angle on flat hardwood while driving...LOL. Purely his fault.
Cvete Karamacoski::Kings aren't garbage
Leland Wong::PB'sd toughness really helped the Rox, glad to have him back. JH is too soft on defense.with PB here it will make a difference, he can covered up JH's mistakes whereas JL can not. PB likes to mix it up.
Karl Heu::PB MUST BE GOD>>>.....He gets so much praise for a 10 point scorer.
Leland Wong::Karl Heu Look Karl Stephen calls JL  a turnover machine.
Karl Heu::Leland Wong Harden leads the team in TO"S
Justin McElhaney::Who has Beverly injured now?
Adam Maher::Isiah Thomas has been playing really well. I think if he keeps playing the minutes he is playing he will get injured. Malone need to balance his minutes a little more.
David Franson::Adam Maher, he has been playing too many minutes lately.  The last several games he has been in the high 30's in minutes, and even played 42 in a recent game, which is too much for almost anybody.  It is my opinion that this is wearing him out, evidenced by the fact that his play has been very up and down lately.  One night he will have a great game, then the next game he will have a bunch of turnovers and shoot 30%.  I believe his effectiveness goes down quite a bit once he gets to more than 32-33 minutes played in a game.  He has a capable back-up in Jimmer who has played better lately.  Give Fredette 16-18 minutes a game, with Isaiah playing in the 30-32 range.  You are right, if Malone keeps playing him 38-40 minutes a game, the chances of injury caused by fatigue is increased.
George Jimas::David Franson jimmer isn't a point guard, he should be the starting shooting guard getting 16-20 minutes a game. the problem with isaiah is that teams are preparing for him now.
David Franson::George Jimas, I agree that Jimmer is a better SG than a PG.  The SG position for the Kings, with Thornton and McLemore, is their weakest link right now.  It would be interesting to see what IT and Jimmer could do as the two starting guards.  However, I don't believe we will ever see that happen.  I think the main reason Thornton is the starting SG and not Fredette is his size.  He is a bigger, slightly more physical player than Jimmer.
Ernest Bagdasaryan::First Rudy Gay, now Cousins. Houston's chances of winning just sky rocketed. 2 of out best scorers are out. Thomas has to score 50 for kings to win this !
Leland Wong::Like I told told you, PB beats out JL any day. I am Chinese and I am saying it. This sensation from Shanghai can not compete against an American.
Ang Yee Gary::He's not even from Shanghai
Allen Zhang::He's from Taiwan dude
Craig Keller::Allen Zhang - you're both wrong, he was born in sanfrancisco and always lived here, his parents were from taiwan
Eric Young::I see Cousins is not playing...   Injury? Ejected? Anyone know?
Matt Dysarz::Injury, ankle
Matt Dysarz::didn't look too bad
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Rolled his ankle pretty bad.
Brett Reid::Houston scared of demarcus so they injure him.. classy
Matt Dysarz::lol
Eric Yang::Jeremy lin took out cousins, not pb !!!!
Phil Metalhed::Time 4 sum paybak on the wakramento queens, lol.
Kenny Zhang::LOL!! Rockets probably won't get it done.
Keith Dennis::.I just lost 10 points of IQ reading this
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Did you mean to say Wackramento lol, if you are going to try and talk smack, please do it properly ! phil metalhed, or methead ?
Aron Zoltan Laszik::Kick beverly out of the league
Ephraim Renais::It was Lin's foot that sweeped Cousins before the foul. Bev fouled him after, so it looked like it was Bev who injured Cousins.
Rob Soldo::Kings by 10 in this one.
Bazooka Joe::wheres rudy gay
Ernest Bagdasaryan::Achilles injury.
David Morant::Oh wow ... I'm not receiving video of the game, I'm only seeing it online ... Sucks to hear that about Gay ... did it look bad?  Also, what happened with Cousins?
Matt Mossman::David Morant Cousins and Gay are out. Cousins turned his ankle. Gay injured his achilles. X-Rays on Cousins negative: DTD. Gay's injury is reported as " not serious".
Figaro Tsai::Both PB and J Lin are good players. All the disputes arise from Kevin Mchale. He decides to start PB and put Lin on the bench. Although he explains what he does is good for the team, in my view, it's only beneficial for Harden.  This arrangement doesn't make Rockets play better but beautifies Harden stats. Harden wants to be a superstar. However, I think it's long way  because he always misses key shots and makes mistakes at crunch time. Harden isn't mature enough to become superstar. The genuine all-star player of Rockets is Howard. Except for him, any player is tradable, including Harden. In order to save Rockets, two things must be done. The first is to fire Mchale and the second is to trade Harden for real big man like LBJ or KD or others with solid defense if Rockets want to fight for championship.
Alan Dy::I am a great fan of James Hardin but a bigger fan of Jeremy Lin and I don't have an excuse for that preference). I really would like to see Jeremy play his game, not necessarily linsanity type of game but a more controlled type of game (not sure if that's possible). I think he will only be allowed to play his game if he plays for another team who needs his type of game. Since being traded is not something that Jeremy can unilaterally do, maybe his chance is to wait for his contract to expire and sign with a team of his choice (provided of course there is an interested team and his game outlasts his current contract). I am thinking along the lines of free agency. So my question is, when is Jeremy going to be a free agent?
