Rocketman003::The rockets were robbed of this game, just like they were robbed by Tim Donaghy back in the 2005 playoff series against the Rockets,but this time Mark Cuban managed to pay off Tony Brothers. Tony Brothers had several key calls in favor of the Mavs, which ulitmitaly decided the game: 1. The 3 pointer by Lee that was even reviewed, but they still got it wrong, cuz Tony Brother's ego was too big to change his original of a 2 to a 3.  2. The offensive foul call against  Dragic, when it was clearly a foul against Dirk. Dragic should have had 2 free throws for a chance to go up by 2. 3. The foul call against Houston with  left, when Dirk missed a point blank layup because of good D, he wasant even touched, and all because the ref anticipated the call.      Seriously though, no one could stop Tim Donaghy from placing tens of thousands of dollars in bets on games to make some extra cash. The NBA has done nothing extensive, except a slap on the wrist. I guarantee there are other refs in the NBA from part taking in such activities, theres nothing stopping them but their conscience. Something needs to be done. Officiating in the NBA has gottten outta control!
I3UTTON::you're lucky Dirk missed a rare free throw at the end of regulation and also the 8 second call against the Mavs at the end of OT. Mavs nearly handed the game over to your rockets 2 different times and still managed to win. Plus Mavs were playing 2nd of a back to back on the road, so they weren't on their A game all night
I3UTTON::cry much?
Rocketman003::The Video evidence: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2RCxk7JFyik&amp;feature=player_embedded#! <iframe width="560" height="315" src="http://www.youtube.com/embed/2RCxk7JFyik" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen"></iframe>
Rocketman003::i dont know man, i think the "superstar call" has been  called against the Rockets more than any team, probably cuz we dont have one.
griffin550::Mavs have been screwed more this season by bad calls than the Rockets have.
mikeparsons420::Odom is a bum. Im sure some team will take a chance on him next year a the league minimum. Not a penny more!!
BoomGoesTheDynamite31::German Moses!!
kcspatel41::Dirk Dirk Dirk Dirk Nowitzki!
netjunkie88::Nowitzki passes Barkley. How fitting.
dbboiser::Dallas is playing in the losing game. If they don't figure out the rebounding as a big chunk in defense. I hope they'll try to put lamar on the center for smaller lineup. He is not comfortable at the forward position.
mikeparsons420::Im not comfortable even having to look at his punk $@%..
y0u 41 MISunderstood::he's not comfortable PERIOD!!!
Ashley Fox Works The Shaft::The real question is how badly will North Dakota kick Minnesota's golden gopher ass today in college hockey?
15Volcano78::Question: Who is a bigger baby to the refs? Kobe or Bynum??  Wow that's a tough one!!
diditravel::this dude can ball it up!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9xvIH247fk
cSSk2011::i know everyones calling odom out but my question is: why isnt dragic on a legit-contending team?? hes way too good for the rockets
diditravel::this dude can ball it up!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9xvIH247fk
jjensen1192::Lamar odom laides and gentlemen!
FTLakerFan::another big game for Odom, o points, hahaha
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::When we got Odom, the Lakers were talking about how great he is in the clutch, how well he handles the media, how he is a team player, etc. The heck happened!?
Amaze76er::Mavs fans mad at odom..?? Lol odom has more championships n more finals experience then the mavs franchise...
mikeparsons420::Yea Mavs fans shouldnt be mad at Odom. He would start for the 76'ers..
I3UTTON::Dirk &gt; entire Sixers roster
I3UTTON::Haha those 2 comments above finally shut that stupid troll up ;)  Amaze76er got owned
B.R.A.D.F.O.R.D::1983 was so long ago wasn't it, 6'er fan?
OOHnirav::Hehe, a 76er fan is talking about finals experience when his team hasn't been relevant since almost getting swept out of the finals more than 10 years ago.
tcccfrom713::there are more Laker fans in here talkin $@%, than there are rockets and mavs fans put together, wtf, dont you bandwaggoners got anything better to do? get off kobes dck and go join the conversations that concern your team, there certainly are plenty of them, its a shame that there are 19 Lakers games on cable tv this yr, and there are 23 Heat games, but my Rockets and some other teams cant get one single game on TNT. straight BS
Antsea91::Bwahaha
Amaze76er::Maybe because your rockets suck and havent done nothing since 94,95 lol
Amaze76er::Lmao idiot who ever thinks dirk is better then kobe...just quit basketball..
Amaze76er::kobe 10times better defender then dirk kobe a better passer better post game better foot work better scorer I could keep going??
epicqwerty::in what ways is kobe much much better than dirk ?  just curious. I think comparing dirk and kobe is like comparing apples and oranges
7BAUGHLLIN7::theyre both good.. But equally.. No
Amaze76er::equally??lmao kobe is a top 5all time dirk is not even a top 20 all time so equally is wrong...
epicqwerty::both are equally good
7BAUGHLLIN7::Whoever thinks dirks better than kobe needs to quit life
7BAUGHLLIN7::@ tccc.. My teams the jazz.. Rollin!
tcccfrom713::na but she sounds hot :)
7BAUGHLLIN7::Shes quite.. Shes a rocket fan I dont why she dont come to the 140 anymore.. Pretty cool chic
tcccfrom713::they are, im a rocket
7BAUGHLLIN7::Oh you know liltexaschic?
tcccfrom713::Lamar Odem, terreble stats yet again tonight, are they going to have to send his @ss to the D-League or what,? maybee that will get his attention
griffin550::Dirk Career Stats: FG% = .475, 3P% = .380, FT% = .877, REB = 8.3, AST = 2.7, BLK = 1.0, STL = 0.9, TO = 1.9, PTS = 22.9 Kobe Bryant: FG% = .453, 3P% = .336, FT% = .838, REB = 5.3, AST = 4.7, BLK = 0.5, STL = 1.5, TO = 3.0, PTS = 25.4 The fact that Kobe has more points is obviously due to the fact that he shoots a lot more. Kobe has shot the ball 22,500 times, Dirk has shot the ball 17,446 times. Obviously Kobe will have more points. Also, everyone knows that Kobe has had a better supporting staff than Dirk has. All of Kobe's championships came from someone helping out BIG time like Shaq or Gasol. If you are a Lakers troll, please try and tell me why or how Kobe is better. I would love to see your reasoning on this.
y0u 41 MISunderstood::*23 shots*
y0u 41 MISunderstood::Kobe is a more proven player, but can you really say he is "better"? especially at this point in his career? not to sound like i'm hating on him, but the only reason why he is averaging as many points as he is, is 'cause he's taking like 2 shots a game. aren't you supposed to score a lot of points if you shoot that much? also, he always HAS had a way better supporting cast than Dirk. I believe Kobe is a more athletic and, perhaps more talented player, but better? better's not just based on skill. so many variables go into it
netjunkie88::That even more impressive when you consider Kobe takes the ball to the rim a whole lot more than Dirk. And Dirk still has a higher FG%.
Amaze76er::Yeah u forgot kobe 11time first defensive team dirk 0
BrainFart808::i knew this drajic dude had potential when he was with the suns
Kennyprager::Dallas should have signed Derek Fisher....he would have gotten Lamar in line!!!!
tcccfrom713::he need to get himself inline
Eg214::Yeah didnt think of that one im sure okc jumped on him
StudBrackman::Reading Lamar Odom stat lines is often an exercise in masochism.
tcccfrom713::terreble stats yet again tonight, are they going to have to send his $@% to the D-League or what,? maybee that will get his attention
Kennyprager::funny:)
Kennyprager::Thank God the Lakers gave Dallas Lamar....who knows.....Lakers may not have been able to get rid of Luke Walton, Jason Kapono and Derek Fisher and get Ramon Sessions had they not made that trade....Lakers will probably acquire Lamar next season for the Veteran's minimum........letting him lead their second unit like he is used to doing.....Sorry Mavs.....Odom has laid an EGG for you guys!!!! Not cool....I would be pissed too!!!!  He is not earning his paycheck.....should be either fined, released or given the year off due to hardship....He has checked out 100%!!!!  As a Lakers fan....I am embarrassed in that we gave Dallas damaged goods....
StudBrackman::Don't forget in all this the Lakers saved their amnesty.
Kennyprager::And as much as I like Lamar......For the money he makes and an NBA player of his caliber makes.....if he is not up to the task mentally or physically to play......he should NOT play!!!! It is unfair to his team, the fans, etc....
Kennyprager::I know...The Lakers made out like bandits!!!! But the reality is that hindsight is 20-20.....Any LA fan (including me) did NOT like the trade at the time!!!!  I think Lamar is a stand up guy.....and he is just cracking from constant tragedy in his life...He NEEDED to take the season off to deal with his personal issues...even if he had remained on the Lakers!!!!
Amaze76er::1Thunder 2spurs 3lakers 4grizz 5clippers 6jazz 7mavs 8houston
7BAUGHLLIN7::Mavs arent gonna fall to 7th.. Im a jazz fan an I cant see that happening
Birdmann._.::go peep their schedule the only easy wins they play for the rest of the season are the kings and wariors
Amaze76er::Dirk has never been in the first defensive team in 15season lmao pathetic garbage that never plays defense...lol
y0u 41 MISunderstood::WOW!! i have just learned that 99 percent of the players in the nba are "pathetic garbage". you know how difficult it is to make even third team all nba defense? what a pathetically stupid post...
Eg214::@Amaze QUIT SMOKING THAT SHII Its MAKING U CRAZY IN THE HEAD
Kennyprager::BTW....your 76ers are NOT going anywhere!!!!
Birdmann._.::<b>Doug Collins</b>
Kennyprager::Pathetic garbage????  Amaze....anyone that makes a stupid comment like that and then adds that lame "LOL" after it is GARBAGE!!!  this coming from a Lakers fan!!!!
7BAUGHLLIN7::Western conference regular season final standings- 1.Okies 2.Spurs 3.Lakers 4.Mavs 5.Jazz 6.Clips 7.Houston 8.Dnever
7BAUGHLLIN7::the jazz
tcccfrom713::7BAUGH whos your team???
Birdmann._.::should be very interesting pretty much if anyone goes on a hot streak like utah is right now they end up 4th seed
7BAUGHLLIN7::lets put the grizz at 7 and the rockets at 8.. F*ck the nuggets
shelesh_kim::memphis is staying for sure.
Ashley Fox Works The Shaft::the way the clippers are playing right now they probably won't even make the playoffs
7BAUGHLLIN7::Nah.. Chris pauls will power will keep em in..
HTownRprsntr::Let's be honest, the only reason anyone watches the NBA is because football isn't year-round.  the NBA is a complete joke...the officiating is a farce.  Dragic with an offensive foul??  Then Courtney Lee with the "phantom" foul on Dirk???  Now teams are getting penalized for playing good defense??  Congrats refs on handing the Mavs a win.
Eg214::Dude Either Way It Was Gona Be a 24 second violation if not an offensive Foul So u Fail
Rocketman003::actually Dirk pushed Dragic, if the whistle was blown, it should have been against Dirk the jerk,  not the other way around.
Birdmann._.::whats football?
Ashley Fox Works The Shaft::March is decent at least. I have the NCAA basketball and hockey tournaments to follow.
Birdmann._.::Anyone want to hear a joke?   Lamar Odom.
Ashley Fox Works The Shaft::he'd probably still be playing decent if he hadn't spent all off-season growing a vagina
shelesh_kim::give mavs credit. they're at one of the longest streaks besides spurs to have 50+ wins and won a championship too.
Eg214::MAVS SHOULD HAVE 2 CHAMPIONSHIPS AND THE HEAT 0000000000!!!!
Ashley Fox Works The Shaft::they got hot last season at the right time. nobody was denying dirk a ring.
Ashley Fox Works The Shaft::no arguments there, wade lived at the ft line in those finals
shelesh_kim::they got hot during 2006. and i truly believe they got robbed.
Dirk2XMVP::The point is no Mavs fans care about your NBA title Laker fans just like you guys don't care about ours.
Birdmann._.::wut?
Amaze76er::Dirk became the 19all time in points...lmao kobe pass barkley 7years ago..lmao
I3UTTON::Kobe has taken a million more career shots than Dirk. thats what ballhogs do!
Birdmann._.::Dirk doesn't do anything GREAT just good at scoring and below average at everything else
OOHnirav::That's why Larry Bird said he was honored to be compared with Dirk, right?
THE JEFFERNATER::Yeah bc 19th all time on the points scored list is nothing, right?  You're an idiot.
2012WrestlingStateChampion::hey laker fans lets gtfoutta here lets get ready for 2morow peace
I3UTTON::Dirk &gt; KoBe  Fact ;)
shelesh_kim::kobe = kobrick. FACT.
MavsNation92::Kobe demanded a trade in 2007 before he got Gasol to bail him out another NBA Title  FACT
Ashley Fox Works The Shaft::are you mad that the lakers have more titles in the past 3 seasons than the mavs do in their entire existence?
Ashley Fox Works The Shaft::granted there probably was some laker fans talking shit to start it lol
THE JEFFERNATER::I doubt that.. No one speaks of the Lakers here unless spoken too from Lakers fans.
Ashley Fox Works The Shaft::laker board is dead and these mavs fans were bashing on the lakers when i got here
THE JEFFERNATER::Why do you have to come to a Mavs board to remind us of this?  BC we don't give a fu.ck.. That's why.
Thurmonaaaaater41::To the Bulls!!
Amaze76er::Kobe 11time first defensive team.. Dirk 0 lmao
Thurmonaaaaater41::SWEEP!!
THE JEFFERNATER::Are you a 76ers fan who just sucks Kobe's dick or what?
THE JEFFERNATER::You hate the Mavs.. Like I said if he were a Laker you would ride his dick.
Birdmann._.::hes a horrible big man i don't even consider him a big man.  big men rebound and play defense
THE JEFFERNATER::Well he has the 19th most points in NBA history.. I'd say he's easily top 10 at his position.. But you're a Laker fan and if he was a Laker he would be the greatest big man of all time in your opinion.
Birdmann._.::hes just speaking the truth and debunking the claims that dirk is top10 in his position all time
MavsNation92::Kobe Bryant can't win a NBA title without Shaq or Gasol   FACT
epicqwerty::kobe's just a jordan wannabe
Birdmann._.::Dirk can't win a title without Chandler or Terry  FACT
I3UTTON::Neither Chandler nor Terry are hall of famers or all stars. Shaq is a hall of famer and Gasol is a multiple time all star
shelesh_kim::true lakers fans are respective and moves on from last year. bandwagoners? they just troll. y'all just gotta live with it.
2012WrestlingStateChampion::nate robinson averages more blocks and rebounds than dirk hahahah LMFAO
Thurmonaaaaater41::people who laugh at their unfunny jokes are lame...
MavsNation92::Lakers troll are everywhere. They seriously have nothing to do
Ashley Fox Works The Shaft::as opposed to the guy whose every comment is about the trolls...
Amaze76er::Kobe has more career rebounds then a 7ftr dirk lmao
THE JEFFERNATER::This kids still at it?  Learn better English you f'ng scrub.. You are obsessed with Dirk.
2012WrestlingStateChampion::i just took a dirk in my bathroom
I3UTTON::Whoa dude TMI hahaha
THE JEFFERNATER::You just took a dick in the bathroom?  Oh my.
2012WrestlingStateChampion::fail............LMFAO
THE JEFFERNATER::"Nobody cares about the Mavs:"  ---  The same trolls on Mavs boards EVERY game.
Thurmonaaaaater41::2012WrestlingStateChampion wheres the mavs fans at ..1000 comments a game LMFAO..they know they were 1 hit wonders..Lakers get 1000 comments 24 hours before hahaha ---------------------------------------- Most of the comments are Spam about Kobe's bricking stats....Fact.
I3UTTON::Kobe has never beaten Dirk in a playoff series in his NBA career  Fact ;)
MavsNation92::Plus Dirk never played with other Superstar like Kobe. Kobe always got help from Shaq and Gasol
Dirk2XMVP::I wish I could like this comment 3X
Ashley Fox Works The Shaft::yet he keeps winning championships....weird
2012WrestlingStateChampion::wheres the mavs fans at ..1000 comments a game LMFAO..they know they were 1 hit wonders..Lakers get 1000 comments 24 hours before hahaha
N.YCowboysfan::Knicks &gt; Lakers
2012WrestlingStateChampion::hahahaha..8th seed..wont even be in the playoffs int he west LMFAO
Amaze76er::nobody cares about dallas mavs they could just dessapear and nobody will care or noticed...lol
I3UTTON::dessapear? "and nobody will care or noticed"....sick grammar
Thurmonaaaaater41::Unlike Laker fans, us Dallas fans have a NFL season to look forward to. Well I guess LA fans can claim the Raiders!! Hahahhahaa
2012WrestlingStateChampion::well be to busy with our 6th ring
Ashley Fox Works The Shaft::nvm, i'm assuming you're referring to kobe's 6th ring
Ashley Fox Works The Shaft::That's probably more exciting that what I have to look forward to. Vikings....god we're just awful.
topbanana_14::You know what's ironic? A lot of Lakers fans are Cowboy fans too.
shelesh_kim::lmao this is so true!
Thurmonaaaaater41::So Laker fans are bandwagoners?
N.YCowboysfan::I'm a Knicks fan
N.YCowboysfan::Go Cowboys
7BAUGHLLIN7::Nice, very nice win mavs.. Jazz movin up!
I3UTTON::Haha the more Laker fans troll the more they prove my point. Us Mav fans are actually flattered by your bitterness. Haha how pathetic
Ashley Fox Works The Shaft::just bored because the laker board is dead since they didn't play today
2012WrestlingStateChampion::same here
N.YCowboysfan::Knicks &gt; All
Ashley Fox Works The Shaft::...of the d-league....maybe
N.YCowboysfan::in the playoffs bruh
Dirk2XMVP::Yup laker fans are still mad about the 0-4 but kicking they got from last year
2012WrestlingStateChampion::no not really..mavs live that day like no 2morow cuz they wont have another accomplishment in decades hahaha
topbanana_14::Lakers do the same.
Amaze76er::Dirk 6reb a game being 7ft tall lmao pathetic
