kobe24lakerfan4life::The Pistons fans are a bunch of punks!! Throwing beer on NBA players!!
kobe24lakerfan4life::The Pistons fans are a bunch of punks!! Throwing beer on NBA players!!
SwadeNDShade::I wonder how much those Toronto tickets cost. Here in DC, they're practically giving them away.
thecrystals::As a Raptors fan who went last night......too much.
SwadeNDShade::Battle of the Bums
redwiznatcapfan::These bums have beaten some of the best teams in the league,
sbmckay::Raps really need Val do develop, They have no inside presence whatsoever. Nene and Okafor beat them up.
redwiznatcapfan::The Wizards will get a top 10 pick. Who do you guys want? I'm thinking Shabazz but he might not be there. I think we need an athletic scoring SF or maybe a PF.
Elton7323::raptors u should trade gay in the off season just saying he is too inconsistant he just the taller version of monta ellis.
doof54::One year rental won't get you much back.  That's one of the reasons why the Grizzlies pulled the trigger on their trade of Rudy mid-season.
Devinhuelsmann::Bradley Beal dunked on my brother in highschool
tmoneyinmphs::Since the trade from memphis:  Rudy gay is shooting 35% overall and 24% on 3 pointers and averaging almost 3 turnovers per game.  He is scoring 21 points per game while averaging a team-high 21 field goal attempts per game.
doof54::Grizz fan here. This is the Rudy I was warning you about. 1 for 11 with 5 turnovers. Ouch! He will do this approximately one out of every five games. Watch out if he starts hanging his head after each miss/turnover.  It would make this worse if he had a max contract. Oops!  When he was with the Grizzlies, I used to measure "empty possessions" and "points off empty possessions" and "empty possession differential".
doof54::"empty possession differential" would be when Rudy misses on one end, fails to get back on defense on the other end. Missed shot = 2 points, made shot by his man on the other end = 2 points, for a 4 point differential. Turnover = 0 points, made shot by his man on the other end = 2 points, for a 2 point differential.  Some games Rudy's empty possession differential would easily hit 40 points.
jwusrt11::only 8.5 back of an 8 seed....but the bigger problem is they have to jump half a dozen teams....probably not going to  happen but this team is headed in the right direction...i just hope the summer break doesnt ruin what they are starting
TheAvenger007::Wizards are a playoff team with Wall and Nene playing.
wilcox1232::sigh if the raptors wanted any chance of making a playoff run that had to win out this week.
knicks_112ndcoming::cocky a.ss raptors fans this is what u get
toshsghost::Chalk up another W-izards!!  This team is loving being on the floor together right now.  You can see it in the bounce of their steps.  Bradley Beal is the real deal.  Can slash and shoot.  That first step is lethal.  This was a big win considering the loss to the T-Raps the other night.  This team has some bark &amp; bite.  Keep building DC.  Play for EACH OTHER every night.  Play hard for the fans.  That's all we want in DC is effort.  It's been waaaaay to long.  Can't WIZ-AIT to see you guys on championship runs.  Go defend the booth over the next 3.  Show the East wins are not easy to come by in DC anymore!!  PS : You see the gleam in Wittman's eyes?  He knows he's got a talented core right now.  Interesting to see if he can lead this group for the long haul.
Ambitious Vicious Champion::Wizards would have made the playoffs this season if John Wall wasn't injured.
GodofAcid::It's not that big of an accomplishment but with one sentence you're already funnier than Gilbert Gottfried.
sportsfan1014::glad to see my Wiz are playing good basketball now good to see your Paps are doing well as well..
RZA_CONSOLE::both these teams have serious young talent  the future along with cleveland, detroit and *uh* charlotte
lashmann::this board was very civil and interesting this morning. now, it's just full of usa vs canada crap. but anyhow, good game raptors. we were due for a win against you guys. i'm very pleased with the bullets play the past few games. they are learning to FINISH the game strong. see you guys down the road, hopefully,.
Goon5832::Raptor fan stop wishing for the playoffs u will get swept any way your team suck go bucks lol
Goon5832::Raptor fan stop wishing for the playoffs u will get swept any way your team suck go bucks lol
big145fly::How the hell do you give alan Anderson 26 mins but tross only 6.. ridiculous
bdsmrk::Lol, playoffs.....  You have about as much chance making the playoffs as the cubs have winning the World Series this year.
TheMondayMorningQuarterback::Wizards beat the Generals in the battle of DC.
NBA1964::What happened to Rudy Gay?
JK Loling 8::He's overrated, just like yesterday, and the day before then, and the week before, and the month before, and the year before.
mathurpalak@yahoo.com::Still think raptors can make playoffs.
go caps8::i wouldn't necessarily say "wizards stun raptors"
2LikeABoss6::playoffs is still within reach
nasty2fasty::Lebron james is the best player to ever touch a basketball, no argument bro's
brenn387::just saw the box score and wanted to see what kinda numbers he put up. i was glad we traded him. honestly glad the trade happened. you will see.
brenn387::he plays like this a lot more than people outsid of memphis know. glad hes gone
2LikeABoss6::what a bitter fan. too much hate.
brenn387::who cares. rudy gay is just as good. or at least thats what all the dumb $@% memphis fans that think it was a bad idea to get rid of him think.
iownamicrowave::We got any Steve Winwood fans in the house tonight?
MoeWoolridgeKingsbury::Traffic was pretty good.
sportsfan1014::both Raps &amp; Wiz are those teams without a brand name players, but that's OK, they win games with great team work. I'm looking for 30-35 wins from them this year, &amp; at least .500 plus a playoff spot next year.
Devinhuelsmann::obvi.
brenn387::what about Gay? hes over rated
Latinofire20::Hope you are enjoying Rudy Gay, Toronto fans.  - Memphis Grizzlies' Fans
sportsfan1014::he isn't that bad, 2 game winners already
JudgementDay84::The defense game plan was great to not get beat by rudy gay. Defense was great on him.   Worst field goal percentage of his career, bummer.
gobiaskoffi::It must get old for fans of Canadian teams having idiots starting US vs Canada arguments on every thread.
n88nick06::$@%!$ Canada, weak assss country.
PartTimeHomer::Comes from both sides and it's stupid no matter who does it.
sportsfan1014::I believe both Raps &amp; Wiz will make the playoffs next year.
Punished10::^^^ noel is staying at kentucky for another year after tearign his acl
dcthug::Yeah Webster is a solid 3.  Ariza is where he needs to be (bench.... 2nd unit scorer).  Just from the short time Nene has been with the team, he seems somehwat fragile.  Very talented but fragile.  Had high hopes for Seraphin this yr but hes a no go so far.  The only bad thing about the team winning is its hurting their chances for Noel.  He's worth waiting a year for.  Will be another Zo on D.
MoeWoolridgeKingsbury::Good call.  Everyone obsesses over a wing player, but I like Webster.  The Wiz need more bigs, Vesely is a bust, Booker is okay, but Seraphin is too up and down.  If Nene goes down, Wiz have problems.
dcthug::Next Yr... hell the Wiz really aren't that far out of the race right now.  Bucks only have 6 more wins than the Wizards.  Only bad thing is Nene and Okafor aren't getting any younger (speaking of next yr) so the team really needs a good big in the draft or needs Kevin Seraphin to get it together consistently.  Kid has game but just doesn't bring it every night.
Uncle_Gct2::WIth Waiters and Beal streaking, can Lillard still claim the ROY
Job779::All of you are homers
robbery689::just because he doesnt do it doesnt mean he cant do it, the system the Wiz play doesnt call for him to drive the lane all the time because Wall is doing it
Real Deal Beal::Uncle_Gct2 - Honeslty, i like Beal. He can be an Eric Gordon/Ray allen hybrid type player. As for Waiters, he can be a poor mans Wade  a VERY poor man's wade.
Uncle_Gct2::Honeslty, i like Beal. He can be an Eric Gordon/Ray allen hybrid type player. As for Waiters, he can be a poor mans Wade
PartTimeHomer::Uncle_Gct2 - So what? Irving does it too, that doesnt mean Waiters just stands in the corner lol. Not saying that Beal does.  Yeah, no hate for Waiters. The game's better for having these three guys in the league right now.
Uncle_Gct2::So what? Irving does it too, that doesnt mean Waiters just stands in the corner lol. Not saying that Beal does.
PartTimeHomer::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ObCSmOPu_D4
PartTimeHomer::Gap's definitely closed, I still go with Beal over Waiters, though. Better shooter from all three points of opportunity (2pt, 3pt, FT) and, despite not having the steals numbers, a better defender.
Uncle_Gct2::He sounds like a system guy, which he is not. He is more like an Eric Gordon type guy.
PartTimeHomer::Again, the offense doesn't call for him to beat his man off the dribble, but he does have a good first step and he handles the ball really well for a spot up shooter.   He's the most complete guard on the Wizards team right now. It's really not even close. That doesn't immediately make him more valuable than John Wall (see the records before and after Wall's return), but he's out of this world.  At least 60% of the time when he beats his man with his first step, even if he has a clear path to the basket, he pulls up for a jumper.
Uncle_Gct2::Rarely, he might be a good finisher, but cant beat somebody off the dribble and take the it to the rack like waiters. Its a good argument, both have been neck and neck
PartTimeHomer::Uncle_Gct2 - Waiters is better offensively, he can create his own shot where as Beal relies on others to get his shots in.  You miss Beal's drives, then. He can create his own shot just fine, the offensive system is made so that the team relies on Wall when Wall is on the floor.  Beal is one hell of a finisher.
Uncle_Gct2::Waiters is better offensively, he can create his own shot where as Beal relies on others to get his shots in.
sportsfan1014::believe so, just not "run away" anymore.
Uncle_Gct2::Thats what im saying. People knock against Beal and Waiters FG, but now they are right with Lillard
Poor Oregon::Beal deserves rookie of the year.
dcthug::NO Lillard does... .But he's def #2 on the Rook list.
whatever just wow okay:::)
whatever just wow okay:::)
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::What is Beals height compared to Wall? He is a tiny bit heavier no? Wall should develop a jump shot and not insist on driving and play the 2
robbery689::Wall doesnt really have a choice he needs to pick up that jumper quick
MoeWoolridgeKingsbury::Wall has to drive and dish or get to the line to have success.  He does it about half the time.  His turnovers are down.  He and Beal are both very young, they will become great together, fingers crossed.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::If he could get in the gym and develop a jumper ooooooo boy what could be
PartTimeHomer::I think it's the opposite. Wall tries to be a jump shooter too much without a jump shot. He should drive more, he's gotten away from it and as a result, his scoring is down.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Ya. That is what I think Wall needs to kinda get away from is feeling the need to drive all the time. He is asking to spend 15-20 games on the IR by playin so reckless.
GradeA10714::Funny or too soon?  From the LAL-DEN board  "Put Jerry Buss on the floor today and he'd show more life than the Lakers."
TDOTNATION22::LOOOL putting this up right now
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::To soon. But Laker fans are a different breed of people.
Steve Nash half a man::Hey Gay can we get some consistent play?
Steve Nash half a man::I think that comes down to strength, he is athletic but lacks strength. He isn't super quick either. Don't get me wrong he is a good player, just not consistent enough and not worth the money. but I would still rather have him on the raps than not
cdnpaul33::He doesn't seem to go as strong to the hoop as I thought he would. He's not able to draw fouls on those drives like the elite players. Obviously, some of that is lack of respect from the officials but he needs to be better at going strong and forcing them to make the call.
johnholmes6969::who is the hottest canadian porn star
johnholmes6969::ill have to check her out
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Malezia has a sweet snapper.
PartTimeHomer::Definitely Ariel Rebel.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::She is Canadian!!! Damn Ihave spilled a ton of swimmers over her.
Steve Nash half a man::mrs. holmes
johnholmes6969::toronto misses ed davis
Grindhouse2413::oh hey John, yeah I am too. say I thought you died from AIDS?
johnholmes6969::hell yeah i know im from memphis
Grindhouse2413::Memphis is digging him big time. Thanks
cdnpaul33::Yes, we gave up some toughness down low and that's really been hurting us in close games when everything is contested.
taayox::Bradely Beal is awesome. Looking at his splits, the guy has shown improvement every month and still just 19. He deserves the ROY.
PartTimeHomer::Beal's outplaying just about every other rookie guard over the last three months, or is at least toe-to-toe with them. If it weren't for those three or four games where he was dealing with the wrist injury, who knows what his numbers would be like.  He's arguably the best guard on the team right now in general.
PartTimeHomer::GradeA10714 - Don't slander John Wall quite yet.  Said arguably, lol.
GradeA10714::Don't slander John Wall quite yet.
brettporter112::What if Beal had Wall all year? He could have beaten out Lillard
GradeA10714::You can look at that either way, Wall can facilitate for Beal or he can take the ball out of Beal's hands.
GradeA10714::If Damian Lillard did not exist then yes.   1. Lillard 2. Beal 3. Davis
GradeA10714::Wizards fans don't get too ahead of yourselves y'all are still 0-2 against the Bobcats
GradeA10714::It's a little problematic when the Canadians have been turned back in their national sport by the Americans the last 18 years!
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::So PartTimeHomer are you a legit Wiz fan or just purely a troll?
PartTimeHomer::Legit. I usually don't troll, but your boy BMP made it too easy.
PartTimeHomer::DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT - He isn't a Raptor fan I don't think. I have never seen him before on the Raps board.  Fair enough, he did make me chuckle quite a bit, though.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::He isn't a Raptor fan I don't think. I have never seen him before on the Raps board.
JK Loling 8::Raptors future: http://assets.sbnation.com/assets/516980/2009_medium.gif
GradeA10714::85% of the Canadian population lives within 500 miles of the American border because they want to be part of the American sensation so bad but there is a long wait list to get in.
cdnpaul33::I travel to the US at least once a  month and I could live in either country w/o skipping a beat. Okay, maybe skipping winter :)
brettporter112::We have two lines, one in the north and one in the south
PartTimeHomer::Nah, Canadians like it in Canada for the most part. I love Canadians. I don't like the silly Raptors fans on this board, though. No need to attack a pretty cool country because of some of their dbag residents.
DABU---RAPTORS---TDOT::Real Deal Beal.
