scimmyscum::http://www.allfreechips.com/?ref=sapcunc
CosmoKramer1444::I like this Hornets team. Time to start Aminu though. Ariza is nothing more than a defensive stopper off the bench. Maybe a starter for a team that's excellent on  offense like he was for the Lakers in 09.
MissBikini::They need to work Aminu into a starting role.
MissBikini::No time to panic. Gordo is coming back!
Forkitout24::I would not hang my hat on one player bikini. You need more talent on your team to make it to the promised land. I am speaking for my team also.
MissBikini::We need about 3 wins before we meet Denver.
Forkitout24::Why do you need 3 wins to meet Denver?
Forkitout24::Or 3 losses.
MissBikini::Why would we need three losses?
averymicheal0923::We look froward to the Hornets joining us.  ~Kansas City
Forkitout24::This  would concern me. What level of confidence would KC not ship them off again? I don't see an "owner" yet. Do you have an update?  Kansas City: Kansas City once had an NBA team, the Kansas City Kings, now the Sacramento Kings, formerly the Cincinnati Kings, formerly the Rochester Royals, and briefly the Kansas City-Omaha Kings. But the team was terrible, management was terrible, and soon the team was off to Sacramento and the welcome bosom of cowbells. Kansas City is most often criticized as being a "college town," "a baseball town," "a football town" (what isn't?) and unable to support three major pro teams. The last of these criticisms ring most true as both the Royals and Chiefs struggle to fill their stadiums to reasonable capacities during down years (or as we Kansas Citizens like to call them, "the last ten years."
Forkitout24::We should have never got rid of Amare!!! damn shame.
Nope...::They never should have let the Colangelo's go.
Forkitout24::78 points for Hornets? I thought 93 for PHX is pathetic.Someone from Hornets asked if PHX would get 60 pts tonight and they were serious...LMFAO.  Good night Hornets.
MrTyreee01::ariza's pathetic offensive play hurts alot more than talked about. who can blame j jack for not giving him the rock!!
Forkitout24::Somebody earlier said that he is not expected to score(7 pts ) tonight I guess is good. But the other columns are not too impressive. I say you guys trade him, fast as he is a waisted spot on the starting five. J Jack and Gordo are legit.
Forkitout24::Suns just might do better on the road......
Forkitout24::Hornets. You are not that BAD!!!!! You are just as average as the suns.
Forkitout24::Shut up all you Suns critics!
Forkitout24::Told ya!!
BeepBeep v2::Yea we're better than you loser Hornets
Forkitout24::all the smack down talk after they beat us in PHX by ONE PT. I new REVENGE was in the making. Never get lazy on the Suns or they will bite ya.
DWade1991::Why is Hakim Warrick on the bench? He's a absolute stud, Phx needs his points.
teben33::obviously, another fan who watches one game and makes conclusions. watch a handful of games and maybe you will figure it out...probably not though
Forkitout24::He gets lazy!! Being on the bench is best for him. It will make him hungry for big plays.
cleb976::He brings energy to the bench, I guess
NOVABuffalo::I'm glad I don't bet on this games .... never so this one like this.  The first 20 games of the season are going to be crazy.
DaBostonStrangler10::Your first sentence makes no sense
erikwb21::suns are a a draft and and russell westbrook away from being back in contention.. they just need to stop winning games!!!!
erikwb21::i love how thse hornet fans lose so badly at home! and say the suns suck! also remeber you had Gordon the first gm agaist PHX and you baely won that gm...... oh yeah you didnt have JJack! forgot.. nevermind you guys are great! your future NBA champs!
marcus-s2981::i saw someone state what it would take to get suns fans riled up...well just mention the san antonio spurs, thatll do the trick.
cleb976::We don't mind them now, but next time we get knocked out of the playoffs by them we probably will
NOVABuffalo::As a spurs fan, believe you got that one exactly right.
Forkitout24::Yea!! cheating Ref ring a bel?? Game 3,4 was a freebie.
DWade1991::Why is Hakim Warrick on the bench? He's a absolute stud, Phx needs his points.
MrTyreee01::l like jacks' play tho
MrTyreee01::i dont care if we win, lose or draw....ariza has been a thorn in the side of hornets offense since he's been here. dude plays like a jr high school kid on the offensive side of the court. needs to be more decisive in the half-court set.
igoman12::wow its only game 3 and everybody's already arguing. wait 2 weeks and see how each team is doing. im a suns fan but i cant say at all i expect the suns to make playoffs or anything
igoman12::umm they could get a decent draft pic this year and get rid of ariza but they r young and maybe in 2 years
igoman12::im rooting for the hornets to win games without chris paul
zrjp9::Thanks bro... my dream would be for the hornets to bounce the clips in the playoffs, and before I get comments galore the key word is dream, lol
nin10do1::lol i dont expect the hornets to either but it would be nice to get a pleasant surprise this season
lakerguy1976::to all the Hornet fans....which trade do u think would have helped ur team more....the laker offer or the clipper offer?
RO Mustang 88::laker trade
lakerguy1976::have u ever heard KOBE sit out due to a precautionary sit-out? u either play or dont...Lakers will be in the playoffs and have better players 1-12
lakerguy1976::eric gordon has only played 1 game so far...dont u think that the CLIPPERS have been thinking the same thing for ____ yrs?
KeMvP277::yeah do you pay attention to the hornets? its a precautionary sit-out. he could play. but they're smart and they don't want to make it worse. Your just bitter you didn't get Paul. Clippers deal helps us more.
lakerguy1976::absolute joke in the future???...make xtra money because ur in the playoffs so u can maybe spend it on free agents
KeMvP277::we can make the playoffs with this team now too.
lakerguy1976::clipper offer...young guys that dont know what it takes to win...Laker offer older guys that know what it takes to win
nin10do1::yeah but the clipper offer helps us for the long term. eric gordon is a really good young player and we got the pick from the timberwolves along with aminu and kaman. we can trade kaman to get other players but this gives us more options
KeMvP277::laker offer... be good now and be an absolute joke in the future clipper offer... be decent now and be great in the future.  hmm...
nin10do1::clipper
KeMvP277::clipper
Blackmac317::ESPN NEWS ALERT: Nation does not care who won Suns v. Hornets
Forkitout24::If nobody cares than why are you posting ?Go hide.
Btwixed::obviously you care if you are commenting on this board
Blackmac317::obviously you do not understand sarcasm
KeMvP277::Well if the playoffs started today the suns would be outta the playoffs and the hornets would be in. every game makes a difference.
KeMvP277::I'm just saying this could be the game that makes the suns/hornets miss the playoffs.
Meta_World_Blumpkins::Good thing they don't start after the first three games though
hcdbus::Yes! We're not going winless!
erikwb21::hornets are good and PHX is not??? they blew a lead at home against the good hornets and blew the hornets out tonite!
Meta_World_Blumpkins::Bitterness isn't very becoming. But keep crying. It feels GREAT
KeMvP277::yeah you're right. i'm crying because my team is actually good, unlike yours.
KeMvP277::congrats, you beat a team that shot 28%. If i lost to a team that shot that bad, i would quit basketball.
roastersl::Btwixed ... "suns defense stifled the hornets...." giving up 24 offensive rebounds, you must be kidding. The Suns were saved by an off-day of the hornets, that's the only truth. Next game the Suns play like this they will be minced meat, althoug I mut say their offensive efforts improved somewhat.
KeMvP277::they are awful offensively actually. especially w/o gordon.
Btwixed::74 and 85 or 86 points both games they played against the suns. either the hornets are horrible offensively, which they arent, or the suns defense is playing great.
KeMvP277::uh did you watch the game? it's crazy how many open shots the hornets missed.
Btwixed::suns defense stifled the hornets thats why they shot 28 percent
Cuse reppin 315::Warrick can do this every game, too bad he has always been on teams with ball hogs
igoman12::hes a decent player but not gunna be like this all the time. he needs to average at least 12 and 7 this year
KeMvP277::no he can't. he sucks.
MissBikini::We outrebounded them by 10, but 28% shooting ain't never gonna win you a ballgame.
jeffery6803::when are you going to give the Suns credit for their incredible defense."just joking" but you are biased extremely biased for your hornets
nin10do1::true. we missed EVERYTHING tonight
KeMvP277::haha we only got all those rebounds because we missed every shot.
KeMvP277::If the suns were good, they would have won by 25+ tonight. The hornets shot 28%.
igoman12::if u havent noticed the suns cant score the ball so far this year too
roastersl::not to be picky - a win is a win - but if you give up 24 offensive rebounds there's something terribly wrong!
ProShopEntertainment::Why did Markieff only play 1 minute tonight after averaging like 25 in the first two games?
igoman12::he had 2 fouls in 1 minute
nin10do1::lol
ProShopEntertainment::Oh, ok.
taste_teh_reinbo::q. u. e. e. f.
taste_teh_reinbo::bc his name rhymes with $@%!$
Blackmac317::this was the ugliest game in the history of the NBA
AZfanatic44::w\\\not to be a jerk but what happend to dallas?
KeMvP277::Gordon would have made a big difference this game. It just wasn't our night. Every team has nights like this. Need a bounceback performance next game against kings. And suns fans have no right to talk trash, their football and bball teams suck.
erikwb21::those guys u named scored 40 pts total tonite.. so if you take that away gordon would have had to score 35+... remember phx fans no gordon bettrer than you do.. he played in suns division the past three years, he is not Kobe he may turn out to be stephan curry at best.
OFrog::They shot under 29%. No one player could have made a difference.
KeMvP277::Uh... you don't understand. gordon would have taken shots away from Ariza, Jack, Landry, everyone, and he is better than all of them so he would've helped the O and hes a great defender.
MissBikini::We looked flat from the opening tip. Gotta bring the energy every night, kids.
taste_teh_reinbo::lulz
nin10do1::lol
Blackmac317::Thanks Mom.
MissBikini::Flat performance. Need Gordo back. Need better effort from Kaman.
drewtigeralum::I don't know if I want to live in a world where Jared Jack is allowed to take 20 shots in an NBA game.
jaykel0621::Poor Effort here Hornets!!!!
AZfanatic44::lol hornets fans sucks for you guys
taste_teh_reinbo::i don't think meta has actually ever seen a naked woman, he's probably some 12 year old kid talking trash on the internet slamming mtn dews
nin10do1::yeah probably. i wont waste my time with him anymore. i cant take ppl who talk like prepubescent boys seriously
AZfanatic44::lol good one
KeMvP277::You can't see the future. calm yourself.
Meta_World_Blumpkins::You're team isn't winning it all anytime soon either, so calm yourself.
KeMvP277::good one? it's true. What's nash gonna do for you in the future? You think Jared dudley is good? Gortat? Price? Childress? hill? frye? Are you saying that those players in the future are better than Gordon, Aminu, Landry, Bellinelli, okafor, ariza, vasquez, jack and minni's first round pick next year?the only young player you have is markieff morris,. and he's doin great isn't he. Then again, the suns will probably end up with the first drfat pick this year because they are a joke.
taste_teh_reinbo::hornets have a brighter future than the suns
nin10do1::lol man ur momma's callin. she says its time for ur bedtime.
Meta_World_Blumpkins::I ate some stale p*ssy. It was actually your mother's.
nin10do1::man what is ur problem?
Meta_World_Blumpkins::Until their arena is washed away...
AZfanatic44::in 3 games congrats looks like ur team is gonna make it to the finals
KeMvP277::your teams worse bud.
nin10do1::yeah im not complaining. i love our squad
KeMvP277::sucks? Atleast were over .500.
taste_teh_reinbo::we got an ivy leaguer here
birdman._.::go steve nash!!!!!!
neauxgeaux44::Easiest fans to tweak...Failcants and Suns....2 failures....
rhowe982::What is wrong with Nash this year?
AZfanatic44::prob
rhowe982::Happened quick, divorce and now he got old??
AZfanatic44::I think age
neauxgeaux44::Suns still have worse record than the Hornets...what a joke of a team...the Phoenix Sunsets....
AZfanatic44::its been 2 games who cares
neauxgeaux44::Hey, Suns, how are the Cardinals doing this year?  yea, that's right, losers...
AZfanatic44::yes a o line makes a team
nin10do1::lol the packers oline is terrible so i guess their team is terrible too right?
rhowe982::All three are great it is like 1a and 1b and 1c
taste_teh_reinbo::ya brees o line is the reason he has pin point accuracy...you're a bleeping idiot
AZfanatic44::brees just has a good o line
nin10do1::lol thats just a dumb statement and u know it. ur saying brees only plays well because he has a decent oline?
KeMvP277::uh let's see you break Marino's record.
rhowe982::Nope Drew is the third best behind ROdgers and that jerkoff Brady
nin10do1::i would take brees over both of them
AZfanatic44::lol drew brees is a $@%
KeMvP277::Drew Brees is the best QB in the NFL. does that make you a $@%? And i'm not even a saints fan.
neauxgeaux44::Suns are a joke....fact....
neauxgeaux44::Suns...aka....Phoenix Geriatrics...
Meta_World_Blumpkins::This team beat the Celtics? Really? I've never witnessed a more pathetic team than this Hornets team tonight. And I am a Suns fan
taste_teh_reinbo::hey at least new orleans has culture...what does arizona have racism and ummm i'll have to get back to you
Meta_World_Blumpkins::As oppose to munching down po' boys like they were your brother's dick. $@%!$@% scum
Meta_World_Blumpkins::Stay class? Maybe you should have stayed in class a little longer yourself. Nice grammar
KeMvP277::it's called a typo. and you ignored the first comment, obviously your insecure.
taste_teh_reinbo::stay class  meta world blumpkin
taste_teh_reinbo::umm...the hornets are missing their best player and they beat phoenix on monday so your argument is invalid
Meta_World_Blumpkins::Too bad you didn't drown in Katrina neuxgeux. You worthless piece of $@%!
nin10do1::man GTFO with that crap man. no one wants to hear it
Meta_World_Blumpkins::They look great tonight huh?
KeMvP277::standings.
neauxgeaux44::I would not admit to being a Suns fan, loser....your team is old and lucky tonight....gtfo clown...
nin10do1::yep this is the same team that beat ur suns monday night. funny how that works
neauxgeaux44::Suns are a joke....refs have kept them in the game...fact....
nin10do1::no the refs hasnt cost the hornets anything in my opinion. could not buy a shot tonight
taste_teh_reinbo::from what i've seen its been officiated pretty fairly and i'm a hornet fan, its not the refs fault the ball hasn't gone in
LSUbiggestfan::gortat has done a wonderful job flopping tonight...
KeMvP277::LET'S GET SOME GOOD REFS PLEASE. Calling all the fouls on the hornets.
ULOSE4SURE::hornets fan shut the fk up ! you lost already !
neauxgeaux44::what a loser...public forum...back to the west qay boy..
nin10do1::lol GTFO hater
keepmeoffsuckerpicks::OMG make a bleeping shot!
