CC::MElo makes other players worse-- or other players just shoot the ball when they get it (JR  & Bargnani) cuz they know if they pass it there is no chance of ever getting it back from MElo.  MElo's true impact can be seen in the fact other stars do not want to play with him (how many good FA's have the Knicks signed with MElo there?)  and no contending teams try to trade for MElo.  Can you see MElo playing for the Spurs or Warriors  or any team trying to play team ball?  It is sad because MElo is such a talent and can play great D and is a good passer-- neither of which he will do for the entire game.. and never for several games in a row (the biggest reason his teams have always exited early in playoffs)
EM::This team on defense will have it lapses on d from time to time. But they compete on d and are actually not playing all that bad on d sans their defensive anchor in Chandler. The offense is horrendous. Shump's confidence looks absolutely rattled. He's missing the same open corner threes he usually excels at. Smith is as well. Tim Hardaway J.R. a versatile scorer hasn't gotten off the bench today, what gives? This team cannot score worth a lick. Stat is missing layups from 5 ft. out. Seems like he has no legs @ all.
Wizard::Brooklyn & NY 2 highest paid franchises in the NBA at a combined (nearly) $200 million in salary, Share the basement at a combined 6-20 . You can't make this ship up & assuredly both teams gave away 1st round draft picks for the privalige of aging shells of the former selves stars
Stephen L::Does anyone remember when we all thought it would just be a matter of time when Shumpert would be an all star or at least a very good player?  Those days seem gone forever.
The Mighty Rearranger::Since camelo started with the knicks, he has shot 44% and averaged 6.5 rebounds per game. The team has not been even close to contending for a championship.   Give him a max contract.
Bob::When you are starting and leaning on KMartin and Shump, you are not going to win many games. With Amare not the same player they need a 3rd scorer, and not another volume shooter like Carmelo and JR
RC::melo gets a lot of criticism but his supporting cast is shooting worse than him. bargnani has been off the last few games missing alot of open shots and jr smith has been worse. nobody on this team is consistent & now even shumpert has become terrible. when felton comes back it will help but what they really need are more efficient role players...would've been much better off with guys like carl landry & jarret jack instead of jr smith & bargnani.
Wizard::NY needed defense & rebounding WITH a healthy Chandler , Signing Chris Smith over available big bodies even the likes of Jason Collins , Ike Diogu etc shows new GM Mills is as incompetent as Isaih  Not to mention using Draft picks & roster slots on 2 other guards destroying Shumps confidence in the process. Bottom line this team is DOA unless they get a real PG & real center
zuluimpress::TEAM NEWS YORKE fans or not -no one should be defending ME-LO when comment(s) states the facts, and the plain truth that the man is a BALL HOG. Thumbs me DOWN all you want, I LUVVVVV the game however, my life doesn't revolved around the game. Nights in and out he hugs the damn ball.  He takes the E  [EVERYONE] out of TEAM, and replaced it with an I for [INDIVIDUAL]. Seeninge
Porfirio::The best offensive play in the world has to be: 4 guys stand around while Melo jacks up a 15 ft jumper and misses.  Woodson is a genius!
