TulipGrim::I have mad respect for BD in his day.  Warriors BD even.  But seriously, can NY get a PG?!?
Jamaal 43::Last night wasn't about Defense, it was about Momentum. Melo needed rest early in the 4th and that was all she wrote.
Michael38061::Trade Dolan
Michael38061::to the Nets
Jamaal 43::lol Melo bashing? smh Only shi#y Knick fans :((
Man Utd Squad::Mike Woodson was really rockin the tortoise face towards the end of the game
MEEENMACHINE::"I refuse to play white people , down the stretch of games " ...Mike Woodson
Gamham34::I love the fact that you all think it was melo. He was the only one who was asking for the ball and scoring alot. Its was the teams D at the end that F-ucked them up at the end.
NewcastleFanVL::FACT: Knicks have a better chance of winning when melo doesn't score over 30 pts.
Michael38061::They came out soft in the 4th like the other team is just going to hand over the game to them. Even with a 17-point lead, you're still supposed to play like you are down by 2 points
lionel3185::More Melo bashing?? -_-
LS90025::Bad loss because they are at risk of going 0-5 on this stretch of games that includes @Indiana (L), @Orlando, @Chicago, Home against Chicago and @ Milwaukee.  If they do lose all these games, they will be overtaken by Milwaukee.
sam07ny::idiot Orlando is injured and knicks play them thursday with no DWIGHT HOWARD knicks will come to play against Milwaukee .... and lose one againt chicgao so they'll be 3-2 when its all said and done and be 30-28
SouthStander132::lol
JeremyAce4::My name is Luka.
Brew-Crew-Beastmode-Tony-Plush::and this is the team that is supposed to upset the bulls in the first round. lol
knicks_11::worrying  bout Rose's groin. too much?
Michael38061::The number on Baron Davis' uniform is his age
Michael38061::in basketball years
knicks_11::also ur iq.
cpkirkley::Doesnt change the fact that his inability to stop penetration is the biggest reason for getting the open looks he did in the fourth...  Melo/Fields have to step up to help to stop George Hill from making it all the way to the rim. Granger slides to the open space behind the arc = easy money. I like Baron, but he is showing himself to be two who steps too slow to be a decent defender. Add to that the mistakes made trying to be fancy with players that arent super familiar with him yet...  Knicks need a PG - again.
Victor6229::nice
petehc1::The Knicks just gave this one away. Should've won by 15........................got lazy in the 4th.
nycpratl::they seem to give away a lot of games.
docmiller81::So you are saying Melo let the Pacer put up 40 points all by himself?
petehc1::Nah. The whole team went to sleep in the 4th. Pacers don't win unless the Knicks stink it up. Shades of the Reggie Miller days...........
newyorksportsfan100454::When was the last time the Knicks actually had a real Team Defense: 1973?
TheRealOG44::1994
efreshe123::yes
hapatino::Denver got rid of Melo and now they are the better team,  Knicks screwed that one up. A .500 team struggling to get the 8th seed only to get blown out by Miami or Chicago.
newyorksportsfan100454::Ever noticed both the Knicks and Rangers had more successful teams before 1999 the pre-James Dolan ownership era of the teams?Ever notice the Cleveland Indians had better teams before 2000 in the pre Larry Dolan ownership era of the team when Richard Jacobs had the Indians. F--- both Dolans. I hate that family name connected to anything in sport team ownership.
Bynum pulls up for 3::Knicks have consistently made the worst trades in NBA history through the years, why be surprised by the trade for Melo?
newyorksportsfan100454::Thanks to Knicks idiot owner James Dolan
sam07ny::Denver is actually worse they were a top 3-4 team in the West who recently came out of the Western Conference Finals now they can potentially miss the playoffs
newyorksportsfan100454::It seems like everybody chokes on their run to win a Title in Basketball in NY State including Cuse. Cuse goes bust in the Tourney every year except 2003. St John's goes bust every year. Every Pro and University Basketball team in NY State and the NY City area goes bust in the NCAA Tourney or NBA Postseason without winning the Grand Daddy Title. KY can bring in Title teams. IN can bring in Title teams. NC can bring in Title teams.FL can bring in Title teams. CT can bring in Title teams. CA can bring in Title teams. MA can . TX can
TheRealOG44::Ok, except for the fact NY Giants won two superbowls in the past 5 years and the Rangers won Stanley Cup in 1994. Your comment is not really compelling. Also, you mention Kentucky bringing in titles. Outside of a few from NCAA basketball, what other sports titles are they bringing in. I'd go back to the drawing board and look up stats or make an apples-to-apples argument before you post.
newyorksportsfan100454::Every other big populated State can bring in some type of a Basketball Title team whether Pro or University. But NY cannot
newyorksportsfan100454::When was the last time the Knicks had a NBA Championship Title team: 1972-73? Ancient history time ago.
77OJ77OJ::Get some of this!!!  ESPN Partners up w/ FanSaloon.com to offer FREE to enter $250 Prize Fantasy Basketball Leagues - Pick Your Free Teams Right Now http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
Manup02011::Thanks!
zero chance::Here are some stats in 4Q  Pacers scored 27 pts after a Knicks missed shot or turnover in 4th quarter. Melo had 6 negative possessions and 5 positive possessions in the 4th - basically scored 12 pts but gave back a few as well Most starters were negative - Baron 2 negative possessions (not counting the shot clock violation); Shump 3 negatives, 1 positive; JR 3 negatives, 1 positive Tyson was the only positive Novak and Josh were both negative 1.
The8thwonder Stinnett::Pacers are back.
TulipGrim::But amare lin and jeffries aren't playing.  that's the g d problem.
sam07ny::they beat the injured knicks they suck if amare lin and jeffries were playing we wouldve blown em out
zero chance::Melo scores a lot and Knicks lose.  Which one is the cause which is the effect.  Could it be the Knicks are losing so Melo is forced to score more?  Or is it that Melo scores lots leading to losses, no matter that that sound illogical.
mc_fine::Unless Melo's man lit him up for 40 pts in the 4th quarter I'd say their team defense sucks.
fRIDAY15256366::Check this out! now!!  ESPN joins up w/ FanSaloon.com to offer FREE to enter $250 Prize Fantasy Basketball Leagues - Pick Your Free Teams Right Now http://www.fansaloon.com/index.php?s=nba&amp;ref=bp
227hotshot227::Im gettin signed up now man
Zamian7833::If I win the Lotto, I'm going to buy the Knicks from that donkey Dolan and hire Jordan to coach, fire Melo and davis so the rebuilding can begin and the Knicks can become a real team
the_alba_bang::This is like an argument between 2 legally r.e.tarded kids.
knicks_11::or it cud mean when a team losses and act like u know the team and apparently saw the game.
jvernum20::nevermind i could not understand what you just typed. so no need to explain to you
knicks_11::and u will turn out to be one of the worst Owners ever. in a matter of days. u bandwagon loser.
jvernum20::bandwagon.. that is called when you jump onto a positive or winning team or event.. umm i do not believe that term applies here. bandwagon fans do not talk about firing gms they just move to the next team..
jvernum20::jordan is player and never will be a good coach or executive... go hire bird he can actually build a winner and coach a winner
jvernum20::not according to the eighty's player lover.. dantoni should not even be coaching womens high school ball.
Zamian7833::Maybe I can get D Anthoni back after I fire melo
ohio herd::Be careful what you wish for. Karma is a bad thing Melo!
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::No "real" Knick fan would ever, ever think Mike Antoni was good for the Knicks. Ever.
Zamian7833::You can't speak for the masses moron!
jvernum20::i remember during the knicks last of the good ole hey days everyone wanted van gundy out and said he was bad for the knicks.. knicks fan are never satisified.. and phil jackson is not walking through that door. not saying dantonie was good for the knicks just saying knicks always want to oust a coach and not put blame on players.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::500 is not winning...its purgatory. Being among the NBA's worst defensive teams is a problem...how could anyone think otherwise?
ohio herd::like giving up 40 in the 4th
ohio herd::You make yourself look silly buddy. D'antoni was not the problem. He had the Knicks poised to win till Dolan got involved and traded away the franchise. How come you don't hold your hero accountable for quitting on the Knicks till he ousted MD? Melo has not done one thing to turn this program into a championship team. Last year when Amare showed up he made a positive impact. This year when Lin showed up he made a positive impact.Name one thing beside pad his ststs he has done? Labron goes to Miami and they win, Melo goes to NY and they play .500 ball. Next up blame Woodson!
jvernum20::they were winning so to me ill take the wins. its not talking both ways seeing how i never brought up anything about the defense did i smart guy
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::they could not defend...how can you just ignore that? keep talking out of both sides of your mouth.
jvernum20::i still say isiah thomas may be but ok live in your world man... they were 28-24 before the trade with a team no one thought would be doing that ... so yeah i think he was working out just a little bit
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::the blame rests on Dolan's drunken, overzealous shoulders...but Antoni was one of the worst decisions he ever made
knicks_11::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6LhUOfZYlA   Suck a D!ck Granger. u lost my respect. u cant let a decent, minimum paid guy like Novak Celebrate.? Atleast he delivers every game unlike yu.. u get paid 12 mil for nothing
Zamian7833::Anyone knows the name of China President?&gt; Fc.uk it! (((((((((((((((((((((((((CHINA)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Please buy the Knicks and fire Woodson, Anthony and Davis A$$..PLeaseeeeeeeeeee!!!! We will start buying more Made In China stuff..Promise!!
nevershoutn3ver::Lol too funny
the_alba_bang::What the heck type of drug.......?
dirkmonsoon::Last close game the Knicks had where they had the lead. At the end of the 4th quarter, Lin would break down the defense then drive to the hoop and get fouled. Then he hit the foul shots. Shump, JR or Fields should have been doing that.
TulipGrim::So bummed Lin is done.  Melo is supposed to step up as the clutch player where the F is that.
jvernum20::there are no excuses for a 20 mil a year "superstar" name all the other superstars and tell me what their team records are and then come back to me and maybe you will get my point. the knicks get as much production from an undrafted pg out of harvard making the minimum and you are comparing the two. you are the one talking with no clue about what you are talking about ..  when your argument for melo as you comparing him to how lin does then you have no argument.. lin is not excepted to lead the knicks to the promise land..but hey guess who is..yup that superstar of ours. if i could lin production from all of the minimum wage guys the league would not have to have guys like melo making so much money.. you pay a ceo millions to lead your company you do not pay the trash man the same. melo was paid to lead and make the knicks winner. stat was able to do that last year
zero chance::No, I put Melo and Lewis together - both $20mil players but not really helping their teams win enuff.
jvernum20::i agree
zero chance::Rashard Lewis - Washington Wizards.
jvernum20::and now no one claims him to be a superstar or expect anything from...
Honey_Badger_Dont_Care::Jeremy Lin &gt; Baron Davis
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::baron has NEVER been good. I dont know why people thought he'd help us.
TulipGrim::Are you insane?  Baron was for real.  Baron in his prime &gt; Lin rookie years (right now) easily.  But Lin right now &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Baron right now.
jvernum20::well i have to make that money... im working my way towards the 1% :) have a good day and let me know when melo actually arrives in new york to help the knicks. our record was better through 52 games without him then with him so all of your points are baseless you just love looking at melo ball hog or something
jvernum20::haha what do you do for a living? backtracking and by the way i am at work right now.. what about you
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::just like i;m young? make another baseless assumption...youve been right so far yes?  keep backtracking in life buddy
jvernum20::i do stand behind them just because you have opinions of players and coaches does not make yours right over everyone else.. i bet you have a hard time in life dealing with people on a face to face basis
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::awww..so now you have to use 1-2 other people to justify your comments. wow, congrats dude, you have "fans"  if you cant stand behind your points on your own then you just said everything i needed to know
jvernum20::that is why other people on here agree with me... why did atl choose to not resign him then after 5 years of improving the team? you never answer my questions and you can think what u want i bring more to the table then you do and you are just mad
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::you introduce a point, then get called on it and retreat by changing the subject or firing off a tangent, contradicting yourself along the way. at the end you stand for nothing
jvernum20::that could be applied to 85% of the league man .. really your arguments do not have logic behind them and that is what i use to debate i do not hate on anyone ..i believe in karma.. but i also know a square peg wont fit into a triangle opening.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::ignore the stats and his career then. he is a massive let down. tons of talent but never applied himself.
jvernum20::saying he was not good makes you sound silly man .. you are delusional
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::he is a chuck that shoots 40% for his career and took WAY too many shots and three pointers. He is also a tunover machine...so go ahead and worship a playoff upset, like that justifies his play somehow.
jvernum20::and i never said melo was not good. see you miss my points. baron was an all star and over a twenty point game scorer and one of the best pg in the league for a long time and he lead the warriors to one of the greatest first round upsets ever.. the warriors have not done anything since then
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::yes that's why my 3 favorite players played inthe 80s  baron is a chuck that, for all of the reasons you point the finger at melo, could never lead a team.
jvernum20::see this why you are waste of time to debate with.. baron was never good .. wow you must be young
KevinBryant1987::I feel bad for Baron. His body is just saying no.
TulipGrim::Well that, and the fact that he's playing almost 40 minutes consistently.  That was just stupid.
dirkmonsoon::Davis had mad skills while he was with the Hornets and the Warriors. We just got him at the tail end of his career. The Knicks need somebody to play hard and not be afraid to get rocked in the paint, because that's only way to make baskets if the shots are not falling in. They miss Lin the most because of his fearless play, but that's what probably got him injured too.
bucktriple::Pacers = Legit
Umblahum::These last 2 games have been the best pacers games in years outside of the Chicago series last year. Haven't been this excited about the team since Reggie was here. Granger and Paul George are finally taking the leadership of the team. Go Pacers
Zamian7833::((((((((Mark Cuban)))))))))))) Please buy the knicks from that donkey Dolan! Pleaseeeeeeee!!!!
zero chance::How did the Pacers score 40?  JR turned the ball over by all the missed shots in the 4th - 0 fer 6, fouling on offense, turnovers didn't help.
KevinBryant1987::Now that I think about it, those should be considered TO's starting next season.
Zamian7833::Will some rich dude PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE buy the Knicks from Dolan and fire Melo, Woodson and Davis!!!!!! Jesus!
KevinBryant1987::Woodson's not the problem. But just wait until I win the next highest mega lotto. I'll make the knicks turn around, even if it involves some physical abuse beyond human rights.
ohio herd::sort of like giving up 40 points in the 4th last night.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Knicks under woodson 9-3
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::the knicks blew before melo got there...dont need stats to understand that
jvernum20::dont worry the eightys player lover must be stuck back then , he does not know basketball he is a stat looker that is it
ohio herd::Dolan not D'antoni was the problem. MD has forgotten more about basketball than you will ever know. He was building a great team till Dolan traded away Felton, Gallo etc for Melo. Melo did not fit the system, not D'antonis  fault - Dolans for micro managing.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::now we know youare a fake. defending Antoni...the knicks had the worst defense last year before the melo trade...what playoff run?
jvernum20::dantoni and stat had the team poised for playoff run before dolan ripped his team out from him... ask nash how well he liked playing for dantoni who brought them to the conference finals.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::sounds cliche to me...sounds like you cant make an argument so you retreat to "im a real knicks fan" if you were one you'd appreciate the way woodson has turned the team around after that hack antoni got us nowhere in 4 years.
jvernum20::i am a true knicks fan... i call it like it is .. i am a black and white type of person. it is what it is. portland was the hottest team at the begining of the year and they just fired their coach... come on man
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::so now you are hating on Woodson? A guy you has comepletely reformed the knicks defensive approach and gotten results?  you are just a hater with no base for anything
jvernum20::that is like saying knicks were 7-0 when lin got his starts LMAO
LeBron James in Overtime::Pacers had 40 points in the 4th quarter? Wow. Knicks are garbage.
jvernum20::your name is an oxy moron
KevinBryant1987::You should change your name to "We don't deliver past the 4th quarter."
LeBron James in Overtime::I don't care.
johndoe5699::i was in the subway this morning standing next to a hot spanish chick with nice breasts and lots of cleavage showing, too bad i didn't have my sunglasses on, or i would be staring at them breasts continuously and unknowingly to others for 30 minutes straight, instead of having to glance at them inconspicuously every 30 seconds.
TulipGrim::I feel like this is a metaphor for something related but I just can't grasp it.
zero chance::That was Lala
knicks_11::we all like eye candys. but too much staring man. ur sick.
Zamian7833::Breaking News: Carmelo Anthony scored 39 points and the Knicks still lost! Why? Because Melo is back to his old self again that his selfishness and a ball hog! He doesnt care if the Knicks loses, all he cares about is his stats looking great! thats why he pays Mike Woodson a kool million a year to design a system that will make him look like a star! When his stats look all that good, he can negotiate a even bigger salary in the future! This guy shouldnt play BB, he should work for Goldman Sachs! A$$h.o.l,e!!
docmiller81::so Melo let the Pacer put up 40 points all by himself?
knicks_11::If BD 85. cud of broke down the defense we wud of won the game. Melo cant do everything for the whole game. this is where Lin was good at breaking down the defense.
dirkmonsoon::Last close game the Knicks had where they had the lead. At the end of the 4th quarter, Lin would break down the defense then drive to the hoop and get fouled. Then he hit the foul shots. Shump, JR or Fields should have been doing that.
jvernum20::that is what i think. melo is better as a secondary volume scorer. his best Denver days came with other stars playing with the ball in their hands. you think ai and billups just sat around and watch melo? people just watch how he plays for the knicks and think they know his whole career and style now.. did you guys watch him in Denver...those teams had more talent and hence he could succeed easier. he needs a back court play maker next to him at all times
knicks_11::exactly! on point. he played with more scoring type PGs. Baron shud consider passing the ball more than shooting.. Its not his style anymore. I think Bibby  cud of done a better job than him.
jvernum20::in the six game losing streak against quality teams there were at least four that were winnable. however when your "superstar" shoots 38% from the field and 33% from three while averaging 18 shots a game it kinda of makes it hard to beat anyone . just saying he needs to be team player and not worry about shots.   melo is a ballhog who cares only about himself. hell at least lebron said he went to the heat to try and win titles. did those words ever come out mr. lalas mouth?
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::and Lin shot 39% with 15 shots per game in the same span...so again, call it both ways.
zero chance::Rashard Lewis for the Washington Wizards.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::you originally said the team was better off "under Lin" so who introduced the comparison?  face it, you hate melo and it blinds your judgement
jvernum20::there are no excuses for a 20 mil a year "superstar" name all the other superstars and tell me what their team records are and then come back to me and maybe you will get my point. the knicks get as much production from an undrafted pg out of harvard making the minimum and you are comparing the two. you are the one talking with no clue about what you are talking about
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Lin was 6-17...you are talking out of both sides of your mouth...the entire team played poorly during that stretch...it wasn;t Melo's sole fault which you are trying to prove but cant
jvernum20::i am not talking about lin and how he plays or that he was better. i said the team not the stats tend to perform better with him in there.. melo can not will the knicks to win all by himself.  he was still shooting better than melo by the way and what was his three point %
nycpratl::Lin is missed.  he would help.  but the problems are beyond anthony and his limitations.  the guy is a single minded scorer.  knicks knew what they were getting. fault lies in the decision to go after him.  what was the plan?  how did they think he would fit in with stoudamire also a poor defender and a weak rebounder for his position?  where were the grownups when the knicks were putting this team together?
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::agree but Melo is a big part of why the knicks are 9-3 post antoni
jvernum20::i said he need lin and lin needs him...melo is better with playmakers next to him... they still need an offseason together.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::he absolutely needs to be more of a team player--which  he's been better at under woodson.  during that stretch he wasnt the only one shooting poorly. you should know this. your boy Lin wasn't exactly filling it up.
jvernum20::in the six game losing streak against quality teams there were  at least four that were winnable. however when your "superstar" shoots 38% from the field and 33% from three while averaging 18 shots a game it kinda of makes it hard to beat anyone . just saying he needs to be team player and not worry about shots.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::and again the team does win when he's the leading scorer. there are a lot better ways to call out Melo than what you are putting out here
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::again you pick and choose your games just to make him lok bad...He was also playing when they beat the Sixers and Pacers x2. just call it even man
jvernum20::i feel like he is a melo fan not a knicks fan. put it this way....sprewell will be a better player during his knicks time then melo will...sprewell had heart..melo does not
nycpratl::that's a very, very low bar for a max salary $20m/yr "star" who forced his way out of denver to ny.
jvernum20::lost both games in the past five to playoff teams other than the magic. i do not care how well he plays... the team has let downs for some reason when he is the leading scorer.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::stop trying to downplay Melo's impact. is he our savior? NO, but he's been playing very well and making big plays late in games.
jvernum20::no the team defense is man.. are you watching the same games. hell shump went off for two twenty plus games in wins.
TheEsquireOf212::Shump played like he was on acid last night. Tons of foolish turnovers, dribbling the ball off his foot constantly, lack of awareness (rare on his part) on the defensive end -- and a KEY situation, where he stood on the wing, FROZEN staring into the offing when Melo was double teamed and missed a baseline jumper. The rebound was EASILY his and he just stands there. That pretty much sealed it. USUAL Shump  would grab that and at WORST get to the line for two FTs; we're down 1 afterward.   Instead, not only does he not come up with the rebound, they get a quick break and went up 5 SMH.
TheEsquireOf212::That's not the point. He has demonstrated this awareness all season. Last night he was just out of it on both ends.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::he's a rookie dude
ncheek16::Pacers back up to 3rd
jvernum20::Last three games for the Knicks 1-2. the losses had melo scoring thirty plus and in the win he had 19... Melo lovers get off his stuff. the team is better with Lin running the show not him.
nycpratl::agree that Lin is missed.  he would help.  but the problems are beyond anthony and his limitations.  the guy is a single minded scorer.  knicks knew what they were getting. fault lies in the decision to go after him.  what was the plan?  how did they think he would fit in with stoudamire also a poor defender and a weak rebounder for his position?  where were the grownups when the knicks were putting this team together?
jvernum20::i agree. hence why i want him outta here lol
nycpratl::agreed.  but he wanted the bright lights in nyc, big money. lots of attention for himself and his wife's silly "reality" show.  he got what he wanted at $20m/yr.  impossible to have any sympathy.
jvernum20::my point exactly.. never wanted the melo trade at all. i am not a waffler on him like a lot of knicks fans... utah would actually make him a superstar again. perfect half court system for him with all the shots he wants and no media hounding him every night
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::dumb comment
KevinBryant1987::Also, Melo is not a PG. He is paid to be put up big numbers. And that's what he's doing. I don't understand where all this hate is coming from. Melo will pass if he has the opportunity to give it up, like that play he set up with Chandler towards the end of last nights game. But when timing is tight, he does know how to clutch. If only these tools can stop pointing blame at each and every player. Also, I love how people are blaming Lin for the loss when he didn't even participate in the last, what, six games?
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::when Lin was "running the show" the Knicks also lost 6 in a row...thats why you cant just say one guy is the centerpiece. A lot of factors are at play this season with the Knicks. Melo has been shooting 50% since woodson took over and playing d  and dishing...so go ahead and generalize his career, but I'll stick to what I;m seeing from week to week.   if you dont like melo thats fine, he isn't really a leader...but dont create false scenarios just to justify his career shortcomings. he's been killing it since antoni left..and so have the knicks
jvernum20::i like melo as a player . just hate the knick fans who think we need him to save us and be the savior to bring a championship to ny.
jvernum20::no i have followed melo through college..live in the cuse.. and i'm a knicks fan.. i know the style and team he needs to be on and it is not the knicks.. yes he played well in Denver..do you think there is any media in Denver like it is NY? he can not perform with the weight of the team on his shoulders. he needs to be coddle to succeed and NYC is not the place for that. and the magic and bucks are who you choose to show his good games.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::Anthony was the leading scorer with 28 and 25 in the wins over Magic and Bucks...you are just arbitraily choosing the last 3 games to hamfist your hate of Melo
jvernum20::not just dumb comment that makes you look dumb my friend
jvernum20::logical comment. i am not saying lin is a better player but when in the lineup the overall team plays better, prove me wrong with stats
sportsfans1995::Damn...Where those knicks fans at now???
KnicksRangersYanks::Face it, son.  When LBJ and Bosh went to Miami, you were right there with them, talking about "not 1, not 2, not 3..." How many have you won?!"  Not 1... I guess you all are right so far LOL
sportsfans1995::excuses excuses
sportsfans1995::come talk sh*t when knicks get a ring
sportsfans1995::boston
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::spoken like a true casual fan
ncheek16::i'm just saying that the first year together was pretty successful.. they were the 2nd best team. The Mav's were the only team better.. this year is still up in the air. i'm not a heat or mavs fan . i just think your a little close minded thinking that the heat should win every year, when in reality they've only been together just over a year
sportsfans1995::finally! someone who knows something about basketball..
KnicksRangersYanks::Yes, we got swept by Boston.  We also had 2 of our 3 most important guys injured.  You think you win any series with 2 of your 3 top guys out?  You better hope Wade is the healthy one..
ncheek16:::)
ncheek16::swept by who?
KnicksRangersYanks::No, I'm making it sound just like it is.. They PROMISED a ring last year and it didn't happen.  They are the most talented team in the league and didn't win last year.  All we have to go off is last year, so yeah, of course I'm going to use last year as a comparison.  The only team in the league with a ring since the Heat became the biggest joke is Dallas.  So if you aren't a Mavs fan, shut up.
sportsfans1995::i just cant take you seriously bc the KNICKS havent WON ANYTHING since like the 90's...oh wait they MADE the playoffs but GOT SWEPT
ncheek16::Only Dallas has won since LBJ and Bosh went there.... lol. this is only the 2nd season, your making it sound like its been 5 years and they havn't produced.. They got to the Title game last year, in year 1. This is only year 2
sportsfans1995::2005 to 2006 heat are champs....
sportsfans1995::KNICKS HAVENT WON SINCE 2 OR 3 DECADES AGOS..7 YEARS&gt;20 YEARS
KnicksRangersYanks::LMAO you're talking 7 yrs ago!  This is 2012, son.  What have you done LATELY?!
sportsfans1995::hahaha and WHO'S FAULT is that?? dont hate cause ur team sucks
KnicksRangersYanks::My team is just as successful as your team... 0 rings
KnicksRangersYanks::You, like all other fans, like to live in the past.  It's been a hell of a long time since we won anything, but we also don't have a damn all star team on the court every night.
sportsfans1995::quit hatin not my fault knicks got $@%!$@ players and a coach....
KnicksRangersYanks::LBJ, Wade, Bosh and company... You should win 90% of your games.
sportsfans1995::Whens the last TIME knicks got a ring?
sportsfans1995::i wasnt born in 1995
sportsfans1995::sportsfan was already taking some i just put in 1995
KevinBryant1987::I highly doubt that.
KnicksRangersYanks::LMAO you really running your mouth?  You guys have an all star team and haven't won sh*t.  Now you're talking about needing Nash to win.  You're the biggest joke in the NBA.
jvernum20::i think the biggest jokes would be the likes of the bobcats and wizards but hey feel good about a big three that will be separated after this season for failing to win again. riley wont just sit around and watch a loaded team fail.. he has won with less.
sportsfans1995::agree
ncheek16::actually the Knicks are the biggest joke.. they have Chandler Stoudamire and Melo... and can't stay over .500
sportsfans1995::^^what the fu*k?
KevinBryant1987::My point proven.
KevinBryant1987::Actually, assuming he was born in 1995, he probably has no idea who the Expos are, let alone where Montreal is on the map.
KevinBryant1987::His team is the late Montreal Expos.
sportsfans1995::born in raised in Miami..heat fan
KnicksRangersYanks::Haha who is your team?!
sportsfans1995::knicks SUCK
KnicksRangersYanks::What? LOL
ceeboogie49::There needs to be someone else on this team who's gonna take it to the hole and get to the line, that's how you squash runs and melo can't do that by himself, say what you want about Lin, at least he knew what was needed during 4th quarter situations and had some ability to break down the D and get to the line.   For the life of me, I don't know why JR didn't do this or Shump, dudes just became stupified in the 4th quarter yesterday, pure Bogus...  The Knicks come out and spank Orlando tomorrow...watch...
KevinBryant1987::I was pretty upset on the lack of defense played by Shump. I had a lot of expectations. He's either slacking or hurting.
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::I can;t believe I'm saying this but we need Bill Walker back.  Mike Bibby is a statue
KevinBryant1987::Bibby used to be great. He's just too old now. I mean, for christ's sake he was born in 74'. He's 17 years older than some of the current players.
KnicksRangersYanks::Bibby is worthless
ncheek16::i'd like to see the Pacers not have to make HUGE comebacks against teams they should put away early
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::too bad the knicks had to pants the Pacers the last two times they played. pacers not as good as you seem to think
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::stick to baseball, you dont know how basketball works
ncheek16::bc a 3rd place team should "put away" a team thats .500
Nique_Olajuwon_Ewing::so how does that mean they should put the knicks away early? stick to baseball, bud.
ncheek16::Pacers are in 3rd bud
matthollabak1::I have to commend the Knicks, when they heard about Reggie being selected for the HOF they decided to build a nice lead and then choke it away.  I can't think of a better way they could have honored him.
