Kris Jones::remember when laker fans were shouting from the rooftops how Gasol is better than Dirk because he rebounds slighter better? haha
Fjodor Balla::these are the laker fans we are talking about here! 90% of them would tell you Lakers will get the 3rd seed by the end of this season and they got a bunch of exciting young talents to win championships.
Kris Jones::Yup. Just last year they were trash talking Dirk HEAVY, about how he is over-the-hill & old & declining & will be out of the league in two years....sounds like kobe, no? 13ppg 11PER 6turnovers? Even dirk's crappiest year last year wasn't that embarrassing.
Fjodor Balla::Kris Jones aaaand negative win shares!!! LOL ....As they say...Karma is that classy lady
Fjodor Balla::This "acknowledgeable" laker fan just asked a rhetoric question: "How many times did Lakers send Dirk home for the playoffs?" LMAO The only time they met in the playoffs Mavs swept the Lakers.You are past your bed time bro and you know nothing about basketball..not a good combo
Kris Jones::Just like how ignorant people that place substance in appearance & flash will say KG would beat Dirk 1on1....when mavs used to sweep the fucc outta the wolves & dirk made him look like pooh cheese.
Fjodor Balla::Lets go Mavs...lets get back on track with a win here.Lakers are pretty much the worst team in the league now,so if Mavs drop this it means they haven given up on the season
Travis Pavich::2014 NBA Champions Los Angeles Lakers. It's guaranteed. Their raising the banner as I speak!  Typical Laker Fans
Christos Sklavenitis::Which Laker fans have you been talking to? I've been a Lakers fan for over 30 years and the people I talk to aren't that delusional. Forget message board trolls, I'm talking about real fans: they go to the games, or watch the games, have the gear, have followed the team for a long time, follow the beat writers etc.  None of those people are that delusional. They talk as though the sky is falling, and truth be told... it is.  It's obviously a transitional period for our team with an aging superstar who's played only 6 games all year.  Add to that the injuries and extensive man-games lost by Nash, Blake, Gasol, Farmar, Henry and others, and it's a recipe for disaster.  Look at the team they're fielding: they're borderline D-League right now.  The only guy showing up lately is Gasol, and one has to wonder whether it's because his name keeps getting floated in trade rumors.  People in L.A. know that although he can still be productive, his best years are behind him as well.  It's not a reason to jump ship and start rooting for another team: those types of fans are the worst.  They're not even fans; they're just bandwaggoners.  But real Laker fans, as much as they bleed purple & gold even now through the team's troubles, knows that this ship will take a bit of time and tinkering to get righted again.  It's not happening this year.  Let's hope it happens soon. This team never stays down for too long.
Aeron Uchiha::Are you drunk?
Joey Jackson::Aeron Uchiha Hell I think he is... anyone wanna go on a rant like that lmao!!! FAKERS!!! XD
Josh Jordan::Love watching my Mavs stomp the Lakers.
James Incredible-Jackson::That sad moment when you realize that if the playoffs started today, the Lakers wouldn't even qualify in the EAST.
Arthur Manon::Lakers need to play BIG. Now that they let Williams go hopefully Hill will get more time at PF. It is ridiculous that he only plays about 20 minutes a game.  I thought it since D'Antoni wants a shooter at the 4 spot. This is why the defense is horrible and Gasol gets all the blame. I wish they would rotate Gasol, Hill & Kaman at PF & Center and just punish teams. This will never happen as long and D'Antoni is the coach. They should just let him go and let Rambis take over this season and see what happens.
Jason Walls::Mavs have got to turn it around on home floor tonight. Can't be better on the road than at home. I expect a balanced high scoring high energy outburst tonight from Dirk & Co.
Kris Jones::JODIE MEEKS IS DAT NIGGUUH OHH DANG TWENTY FO' POINTS HE DA NEXT KOBE DAWG PLAYOFFS HURR WE COME - LAKER FANS
Tj Kennedy::Is this a ghetto ebonic lesson
Fjodor Balla::nice game by Dirk Nowitzki
Jody George Prats::Laker Nation: Population 1 Drunk Guy
Corey Sharer::hey look the troll is back and no we do not want to accept you to this team why not get a buddy and let him drive you home if you are so drunk.
Chris Untalan::The Lakers have got to stop living in the past and realize this team will not be a championship contender for several years. They have to rebuild and start making moves now. Look at the Bulls. They realize now that Derrick Rose will never be the Derrick Rose of several years ago anymore and they trade Luol Deng to start the rebuilding process. Bull fans may hate that but management there is being realistic. The Lakers need to take a page out of the Bulls plan and level up with the fans of Los Angeles that the team needs to start over from scratch and rebuild to get back to championship form.
David Zepeda::how is keeping gasol and losing proving anything....really think he is gonna feel seats...this season is a wrap....that Mav team is not that good. And they toyed with the lakers. Phil Jackson cant help this, it would kill him...he's old, and tired and probably sleeping by now.
Joshua Ward::Now that dantoni has run all his guys into the ground. He decides to sub way to much. And still kaman not in the rotation. Unbelievable.  Dont you think a decent coach would get kaman pau and hill to work somehow? Nick young and jodi meeks are serviceable.
Eric Lopez::Can't wait this Friday... The Hallway series... Clippers/Lakers.... The Clippers are going to destroy the Lakers this time. Clipper Nation! Mavericks will wins this game. Mavs 98, LAL 92
Tj Kennedy::dremin lakers play good against cllipper plus we win by 1 over mavs
Corey Sharer::like you said last time they faced? this will be interesting seeing how both teams will miss their face for their franchise (kobe for lakers, and paul for clippers.) but seeing marshall play as of late we will see what happens i think it might be close, the only thing different with those two teams is one has a coach that knows how to coach will the other one really does not know how to coach.
Mark Platon::Like the clippers destroyed the lakers the fist time? hahahahahah...try watching a game once dork.clippers are the same every year ..one and DONE...
Jody George Prats::If Kobe was playing tonight this board would have 20 so called "Laker Fans" on it running their mouth.  Laker fans are the worst in the world..........Uh Uh Uh I mean Kobe fans.
Corey Sharer::not really it is trolls who are the worst my example is you seeing how you comment on this board with no fav. team and you clearly have no life for the real world.
Steve Carroll::Corey Sharer- what can be done about the defense? There's always someone wide open for a 3, like Carter was today. And the lane was also wide open. For me, winning the game starts with the defense.
Corey Sharer::Steve Carroll nothing really having D'antoni as head coach we cannot do anything about it but all defenses have faults there is no perfect defense, if there were the opponent would not have any points.
Tomas Rainbolt::I watch a lot of games and it sure seems that over the last several years no team turns the ball over more with bad passing than the Lakers. 15 steals tonight for the Mavs. WOW!!
Xavier Aerosmith Keough::The fact Phil Jackson was willing to coach this team again and Buss reneged is one of the most idiotic decisions in NBA history. This is karma, plain and simple.
Juan Lopez::Didn't realize that Phil Jackson went on the record and said he was going to coach the team. Can you send me the link to where Jim Buss said  he reneged on on PJ deal?
Chris Burns::Juan Lopez He didn't say it word for word. He said he was expecting Buss and Mitch to call him up saying he got the job (Pretty much implying he wanted to coach) instead they called him to inform him that they decided to choose this current idiot we have now.
Rafael Gavidia::Chris Burns As a matter of fact, Phil was on his way to meet with the Mitch and Buss to speak about the job.  Then, the disaster happened!!
Joshua Ward::Ya notice now that dantoni has ridden everybody into the ground. He now substitutes more often than needed.
Leland Wong::The Lakers can still make the playoffs but not with the pure D'Antoni system all offense and no D. They need to come up with something soon or it may be too late.
Jason Walls::Lol you are dilusional. Lakers couldn't make the playoffs if they were in the east!
Zach Heaton::Unless the Heat get bored of winning and trade you guys LeBron, y'all have not shot of going to the playoffs.
Chris Untalan::You might be mixing the Laker kool-aid a little too strong Leland.
Joshua Ward::This sh&t sucks! Cant even talk about the game anymore! Thats how bad its gotten!
Tj Kennedy::Lol Kendall and Ryaaaannnn Kellllyyy the X-factor Hey mod suck a diiiiii
Kris Jones::diiiinosaur? or diiiiiirk, laker fan?
Shoot Jung::Mavericks will win!
Barry Levy::so tell me laker fans,   which top team does this laker team beat in a best of 7 series?  And age, injuries are talking their toll.   So nice of Lakers to give Kobe his money,  but that isn't going to help the rebuilding process if they  don't have the funds available to pay for players in the future.   Maybe they can hope or a great pick in the lottery.
Travis Pavich::Man, this is bull crap. The Cavs will stink for years because they didn't trade for us. Deng is the worst player I have ever seen. We could have given you the greatest PF to ever play and in return we would have gotten the greatest C to ever play in Bynum. O'Well, good luck with Deng and the lottery Cavs while the Lakers are guaranteed to win the next 25 championships in a row.  Typical Faker Fans.
Tj Kennedy::What are you doing on this page?
Travis Pavich::Free country and using my first amendment, freedom of speech TJ. If it is illegal for me to be on this page, please contact ESPN, the National guard, Army, Marines, Secret Service, FBI, and CIA. Until I hear from them that being on ESPN, and posting messages is illegal, I will not stop. And I will NEVER stop my hatred for the Fakers.
Eric Jvon Thomas::U sound like a typical idiot
