Notta Lespn1::come on j? first avery now this? will the nets even be in brooklyn much longer?
Notta Lespn1::havent heard from  evan since he mysteriously emerged in last years playoff vs bulls.  ET phone home
65tarheel::better luck next year on winning the division
Mets2410::Thanks hope we do
uconn1511::Because the knicks have had so much playoff sucess recently that winning the division means so much.
KungFuZombie75::wow the sixers have 6 players who probably couldn't even make another teams roster...that's intense!
JT0710::damn it must suck being a nets fan lmfao
Rezo201::Damn it must suck being a fan of two baseball teams. Loser.
Phil8872::Tank tank city
Rezo201::Reggie, which tooth did you lose? "it don't matter" lmao
Antsea91::lol
Mets2410::solid win Nets. too bad cleveland couldn't hold on against indy....
WhyThisKnicksTape::give it up for the nets  so many expectations.
CoreyGallagherArt::Not that it mattered this game, but nice to see starters getting less minutes, finally Doug...
JSimp140::Remember back a few months ago when you guys were already claiming the Atlantic Division title? Funny how things turned, ain't it? Have fun with the Bulls in the first round!
Porkchop8920::We're a 4 seed. It's not like we fell off the face of the earth and aren't even making the playoffs. Oh and nice timing, right after we win by 21 is the perfect time to bash the Nets.
Rezo201::Reggie had more offensive boards than the entire Sixers team.
Pokerdude2887::dayum reggie evans.
t casey::It would be one hell of a turnaround if Brooklyn were able to resurrect their season with a 50 win finish.
meangreenmachine1616::Nope, you skipped the 2010-2011 season. But still a major turnaround.
Rezo201::It already is, they won 34 the prior 2 seasons combined.
t casey::It's a step in the right direction regardless of whether they get to 50 or not, sure. I def wish my team, Pistons, was 4th in the east with a still gelling nucleus, but the expectations at the start of the season is what I was referring to. For as solid as they've been this year, they expected to be in better position than they are now. A 50 win season in this roster's first year together would better validate those loftier expectations.
iNeeroX::the cavs were like lets $@%! up the nets playoffs chances
Rezo201::Playoff chances? The Nets clinched the playoffs a while ago...
Porkchop8920::Cavs choked a lead vs the Pacers. We still have a shot at the 3 seed
RickyWolfioMIA_MINNY::Reggie is ridiculous  If he gets 38 mins a night he would be the new Rodman
iNeeroX::i hate the cavs so much right now
valpodarko::if the pacers win this, which is looking likely, the nets can forget about the 3 seed
valpodarko::damn you to hell paul george
dnyplaya::Reggie stays G'd up
valpodarko::made both
valpodarko::kyrie, sorry
valpodarko::tristian thompson shooting two
mikeyjm1412::Wooo!!! He made both!!!!
159Yanks::Nets win.
iNeeroX::what the hell are the cavs doing
meangreenmachine1616::Being the Cavs.. they have been choking all season. Someone give them the Heimlich Maneuver already.
valpodarko::pacers tied itFU&amp;*
Boobie Miles...Friday Night Lights...Capture me::Cavs need that number 3 pick for Otto Porter so I'm sure they're gona lose.
PhillyCheeseSteakFan58::I really hate most of these Sixers players. They play great one night and don't show up the next..Can't wait for the season to be over so we can get some new blood in here
djny2k12::Nets top star D-Will puts up 11 pts. and 4 assists....and his team is up 20+ pts....him and JJ didn't do much scoring wise.....hopefully JJ is healthy and good to go for the playoffs
Boobie Miles...Friday Night Lights...Capture me::Hump will be trade-bait after the season.  You Nets fans got any ideas who you can trade his expiring contract for?  12mil free'd up is a lot of money.
t casey::His salary is def gonna be difficult to get rid of unless he's near the end of his contract. Dude is grossly overpayed.
Porkchop8920::Next year is the last of his contract
dnyplaya::i think he will be tough to get rid of
slickwatts100::spencer $@%!$@ is getting pimp slapped tonight
AnimeboyisCOOL::Wow Cavs are CHOKING
Boobie Miles...Friday Night Lights...Capture me::Trying to out tank Phoenix for the number 3 pick.
valpodarko::I know, damn them
Lemon Grab::why is Jerry Stackhouse still in the NBA?
valpodarko::teletovic was a horrible signing
valpodarko::maybe novak, miller was way more skilled, agree on novak though
valpodarko::I don't see him ever adjusting to the nba
dnyplaya::He could work as a mike miller type or novak type
dnyplaya::I think he has some upside and would be a decent trade asset
AnimeboyisCOOL::Pacers down by 4
dnyplaya::lol D Will
nets1fan_::Nets~,~Basketball
iNeeroX::MArshon with the huge slam
justinmosieralamo::76ers suck balls
Boobie Miles...Friday Night Lights...Capture me::Why sign Deron Williams &amp; trade for Joe Johnson when they both need the ball to be fully effective?
Boobie Miles...Friday Night Lights...Capture me::Who's idea was it to sign Wallce for all that money?
valpodarko::true
dnyplaya::either way we have some overpaid players
valpodarko::12 mil right??
Boobie Miles...Friday Night Lights...Capture me::Wallace should allow himself to be cut &amp; accept a buy-out.  Talk about highway robbery.
dnyplaya::Humps getting 10 mil also
mikeyjm1412::They thought they would get the same player they saw in the previous season. They liked his scrappy play...
Boobie Miles...Friday Night Lights...Capture me::It's only for 2years though. He's trade-bait next year.
valpodarko::it was a trade.....a bad trade
mikeyjm1412::In pursuit to keep D will, they panicked and signed wallace to a large sum of money...
gt1master_ike::To the idiot who said its impossible for the Nets to get the 3 seed, know that the Pacers can win their division and still be the #4 seed behind the Nets if the Nets get more wins than them. The 3 division winners are guaranteed a seed from 1-4, not 1-3.
iNeeroX::thank you this guy doesn't listen
valpodarko::hump, my dude
mikeyjm1412::-____- The nets b-squad sucks...
rayjayisle::everytime streit is on the ice the puck is in our zone for over a minute
HEREWEGOIRISHHEREWEGO::I'm gonna pop some tabs got 5 watsons in my pocket
Boobie Miles...Friday Night Lights...Capture me::Lol! Jay-Z is selling his share of the Nets.
iNeeroX::he barely owned any part of the team
rayjayisle::no choice he is an agent now
Mets2410::he owns a sports agency now and he wants to represent nba players and to be able to do so he has to sell his share in the nets
mikeyjm1412::He is venturing into other areas of business... Whether it is in sports or anywhere else...
dnyplaya::is that why?
Bkdevil31::I bet Evans would kick Garnett's behind.
Bkdevil31::Reggie is a straight up crazy.
dnyplaya::ronda, i mean rondo
valpodarko::blake griffin is a fake tough guy too
valpodarko::yeah, garnett wanted no part of hump or wallace, no way he wants evans
dnyplaya::garnett knows better
Bkdevil31::biggest fake tough guy in the NBA.
Bkdevil31::Nets need to move to 3rd or they can kiss the conference finals goodbye
valpodarko::basically, yep
valpodarko::random, but who would win in a fight?  evans or kenyon martin??
valpodarko::yeah, reggie would be wild lol
Bkdevil31::Reggie would flatten him
valpodarko::sounds about right
dnyplaya::Evans looks like the type who would bite kenyons ear off
Mets2410::NJ era K-Mart would win, but now Reggie would win
Lemon Grab::whichever one that weights the most
UNCHeels725.::Gtg
