Eric Frisk::Can someone please give Memphis the respect they deserve!  They are winning without Randolph which speaks a lot.  Marc Gasol is the most underrated big man in the game.  Hollins deserves a lot of credit this team is playing fundamentally sound basketball.
johnholmes6969::Mirical if we get past 1st round I love the grizz but honestly head to head matchups with these teams are not good. Prove me wrong #gng
mpres1973::LOL..  Winning 12 of last 13, I dont see us losing in 7 against any team. Im glad they dont second guess themselves like you.
MemphisGuapo::This was a great win if only because it was the second night of a back-to-back.   This shows they can realistically take 3 of the games on this 4 game roadtrip.    If they DO take 3 out of the next four, the Grizz need to stretch for that TWO seed, not the three.    The 2 seed would give the Grizz the home court for the first TWO rounds if they were to advance.  But hey, if they take 4 of 4, which is not out of the question if they get both DA and ZBo back, we should be thinking about the possibilities of.. dare I say... the ONE SEED!
lrdThunda79::....but i like your enthusiasm! GOGRIZZ!
MemphisSwag::Whoa there Nelly.Its possible but lets just get the 3rd 1st.Dever aint losing either.
mccoywajmu::i told people that the grizz would be much better after trading Rudy because he is incredibly overrated...im glad to see the grizz have proven me correct..good luck to them
Snarles Barkely::Honestly I was really surprised when trade rumors were coming up that ppl thought he was that great.  Sneakiest "luck" trade this year was dumping him.  I still expect a 2nd round exit in the playoffs but grizz are a player away from being a great team instead of merely a "good" team.
EKast2012::HOLLINGER IS GOD  Note that they keep rolling even without Randolph &amp; Arthur.
lrdThunda79::will chris wallace ever get some respect? he is the gm..
Jumeax::you missepelt Good
Jake-Macauley::Griz and Nuggets the Dark Horses of the West.
1grizzfan4life::Good TEAM win! Let's go out on the road and kick some @$$!!!
denverboi1993::My God the Grizzlies and Nuggets are wrecking sh.it right now. Each 9-1 in their last ten. Amazing.
gotigersmemphis87::Grizz have won 12 of their last 13
faargsob::Yeah man I keep hoping you guys lose a game or 2 to gain some separation. I think we're battling for the 3 seed with the loser getting the 5. I hope Z Bo and DA are healthy for our road trip.
Jumeax::Yeah i hope they dont have to face each other in first round,
denverboi1993::For sure. The Grizzlies Nuggets game will be huuuuggeee.
emthomasjr::I would MUCH rather see the Warriors in the first round than the Nuggets, even with homecourt.
emthomasjr::Good W Grizzlies!
Grindhouse2413::Thats four in a row. Man I wanted to break 100. Sloppy play at the end when we knew they had no chance. Oh well. Nice win. Tomorrow is the MVP Party where fans get to mingle with the players. I have a few things for the entire team to sign but I bought a ball for just Mike Conley. Our team plays so much smoother when he is on the court. Dude is a BALLER! Rest up team and come out swinging on those road back to backs.
Grindhouse2413::Also, great turn out Memphis, over 17,500 in attendance.
emthomasjr::700 short of a sellout vs. New Orleans?  That's great fan support from the Memphis area.  I would LOVE to see what a deep playoff run this year could do for the fanbase for the Grizzlies, and I think I will! #GNG
hawginTN::Marc Gasol should be an All Star. Best all round center in the league.
rc021363::Good game, Hornets.  Grit N Grind Grizzlies!!!!
SMANGANG::Memphis get the 3rd seed... clips and nugs 4th and 5th..   i would love to see the nugs beat down on the clips!!! haha
AKsparky907::Me too.
Moski87::I wonder how the Grizzlies fans would feel if they get a 1st round rematch with the Clippers this year.
AKsparky907::I would prefer to have the 3 seed and watch the nuggets beat the clippers in the first round. Grizz and warriors would be an ideal first round matchup/ sweep.
NolaJag::We got more ping pong balls, and Davis put up a 20, 18 night.  I'm not complaining one bit about this result.
jonesedog::How far will the Grizzlies go in the playoffs?
jonesedog::Yea they can win in a 7 game series against anyone. Lionel Hollins has tricks up his sleeve.
GoTigers2015::Way we are playing now? The finals
GoTigers2015::I think Grizz are playing best basketball out there behind Miami, no doubt, BIG road trip, hopefully Z-bo and DA will be back and we'll get the 3 seed
memphis 95::As of now we already have it, just gotta keep winning.
grizzliesfanmt::Statistically speaking the Grizzlies are now the 3 seed!!!
LesGeaux225::I like our future. Good game Griz. Toughest division in sports.
Griss13ears::Ed Davis has been great, but i really hope zbo is back for this road trip. Anybody know anything?
Everyday im Shufflin 290::ED Davis with 12 points 9 rebounds and 5 blocks pretty good
gotigersmemphis87::Everyone has been asking why we added him. Well there's some evidence
Griss13ears::Good win. Tough road stretch coming up.
Everyday im Shufflin 290::Blazers Clippers Nuggets and Jazzs tough 4 game road trip.
Trurock23::it will be tough....I just hope we split but that will be very tough....I think we will win the Portland, Utah games..
Everyday im Shufflin 290::yep
virdi17::in 5 nights
njhaines::Nice to see unibrow get his minutes. Monty looks like a lost coach right now. Played Austin Rivers too much. Didn't play Davis enough. Davis' dad gets mad, than he plays 40 minutes....LOL.
grizzliesfanmt::GRIT 'N GRIND B*TCHES
sportz279::Daren't Leuer
Everyday im Shufflin 290::Good Game Hornets fans
Moski87::Good Game bro!
Dominic10002::Great win Grizz!!!
slapshotcity123::Aw too bad
slapshotcity123::If they give the ball to NO and they hit a 3, ppl who picked the over lose lol
Moski87::Still rep the Hornets/Pelicans, even if they aren't good. At least Anthony Davis is getting the minutes he deserves. Once we get a better team, the losing will stop.  Good Game Grizz.
bigbluenation90::me too.. I love watching him play
Mo_Reeves320260::You have to try this:  http://tinyurl.com/free-nba-challenge3
RMFT1071::F NO!!
SdotPaul504::May be a lost but I happy to see Davis get those kind of minutes. GeaxuHornets/Pelicans . gg grizz
johnholmes6969::Good game how did gay shoot last night??? Hahahahaha
Moski87::Man the Grizz look like they can win it all.
pico2013::ED DaVis is a beast. Good trade for the Grizz. Raptors are always on the losing side of things.
RMFT1071::WTF was maddux thinking?
Moski87::Anthony Davis is awesome! Now we just need to get a better team around him.
RMFT1071::Maddux pick NO +7.5 they better get to scoring! !
sweet_lew09::this board is dead
grizzliesfanmt::Lets see Dwight Howard do that.
okc_gambler::Let's go Grizzlies
AKsparky907::I hate that the grizz are going to win you money.
sweet_lew09::yeah that annoying scrub has been obnoxious all night
slapshotcity123::Where's Austin Rivers?
grizzliesfanmt::out for the year
typical 3-pointer::and thats the game ending run!
Grindhouse2413::Ankles were broken!!
grizzliesfanmt::That was simply beautiful.
AKsparky907::Bango.
grizzliesfanmt::Every time TA is on the fast break i just pray he doesn't blow the layup.
