Ikenna Nwaghanata::Lillard another game winner. Good game.
Luis Martinez::Blazers stay undefeated against Eastern Conference teams. Great game.
Ibarra Jaime::Anyone notice Stuckey trash talking to Lillard after he tied the game? then Lillard responded with that contested fade away clutch shot to win the game. Lillard just stared at stuckey & he couldn't look at him straight in the eye. Moral lesson is be humble or you'll end up being humbled in a very embarrassing way.
Geoff Starling::Ha. You have it so backwards. Stuckey is a well spoken, mature person.and not a trash talker,. Lillard is the brash smack talking child. Go listen to an interview
John Sonksen::Geoff Starling Lillard is one of the most humble guys ever in interviews, he doesn't talk smack at all. He's very mature and well spoken, but he's obviously driven. If that comes across as cocky sometimes I think it's more a matter of perception than reality. He is not a smack talking child, and you saying that tells me you haven't heard very much from him.
Ibarra Jaime::Geoff Starling Stuckey & Lillard are both matured players both are not known to be trash talkers. But stuckey for some unknown reason began trash talking to lillard right after he tied the game, the karma came very quickly when lillard made the winning. Lillard just stared at him & didn't say anything at all. I understand your grief because i know you are a piston fan but there is no denying what actually transpired. Good luck Pistons! Rip City uprise!!
Chris Mijares::Condolences, haters.  Goodnight.  Signed, A Blazers Fan.
Jonathan Herrick::Best jerseys in the league! #ripcity
Tyler Moss::Best team in the league
Ruth Miller::A little early for that.  Let's see them against Miami, OKC, and SA.  They beat Indiana already at their place though.
Jeremy Dam::They've already beaten OKC and SA btw
Ben Eggersgluss::Watching these highlights and some side notes, you'd think Detroit won.  It's getting REALLY old how ESPN and others are focused MORE on who the Blazers are playing, opposed to the team actually winning.  The team that is actually surprising everyone.  The Blazers.  21-4 and the only time ESPN highlights give to the Blazers is MAYBE a team like the Jazz.  Come one ESPN, get your acts together.  This "recap" video was virtually all about the Pistons.  AND THEY LOST!
Chris Tenney::Lillard's shot was Top Plays #5 of the weekend. Great highlight.
Ben Eggersgluss::Chris Tenney Wow...awesome.  Now, if they can actually do a recap video of the game based on the winning team, we'd be golden.
Brandon Tatum::Ben Eggersgluss Visit NBA.com for the highlights a little less biased haha I'v noticed the same thing in the ESPN's coverage it's pathetic
Dan Goss::Maybe it's just me, but it feels like these highlights are always focused on Portland's opponent much more than Portland, even when we win. For example, in this recap video, they show 2 pistons highlights and 2 Blazer highlights from regulation, but then in OT, they show 3 consecutive Pistons shots, and only show Portland's game winner. I might have bias, but it does seem odd to me that a team winning so much isn't featured very much in the highlight videos.
James Kim::Its been like that for years. Ive been following the team religiously since '90 and its always the other team. When we beat a big time team, the media doesnt go over why or how we won, they show missed shots by the other team and talk about how poorly they played. Its ok though, let us be under the radar, we will continue to squeeze out Ws and prove to them we are legit in the end.
Robert Cox::Dan and James,  Oregon is a small market and will never get media respect.  The only way to get the respect is win the crown, that's true in the NBA and in college football.
James Kim::Robert Cox Yes but its just ridiculous. Im used to it but esp with this amazing season we are having, somethings got to change. We are an NBA team after all. Look at the Pacers, they are a small market team and getting big time media coverage now. I guess the time zones have a big play in this too.
Marc Alberts::Portland was pretty much outplayed the entire game, and looked pretty lifeless in the process.  And won.  That's what the real contenders do.  They find a way to win despite good focused efforts from their opponents on an off night.
Ben Eggersgluss::Tough back to back.  They have the mos 4 games in 5 nights of any team in the NBA this year.  PHX is next.  The fact they are winning these, even when ugly or sluggish, will only help them down the line.  I for one, think the NBA scheduling people need to be a little more fair on this...
Rob Foglesong::And again it's a great day to be a Blazer! Back to back road wins!
Rob Foglesong::Hmm.. not quite yet!
Chris Mijares::DONE!  RIP CITY!
Trevor Scott Alexander::Here's a crazy stat....Lillard is 15-19 in his career in over-time. Let that sink in. While his shooting is 40%, which isn't bad by the way, that's still solid for a guard. Add in 92% FT shooter, best in the league, and 42% from 3 point range, he deserves to be an All-star so far. His tenacity and ice water veins don't show up on the stat sheet....Except for that 15-19 in OT, that is just unreal and the mark of a great player. Lillard will be one of the best Pg's in this league for the next 8 years.
Drew Holland::I agree, but he plays in the northwest so he will be overlooked for much of his career.  If he played in New York the hype would be through the roof, and the media would be all over him.
Luke McCoy::Yep...don't you hate the politics of sports media. Its such garbage.
Jason Rogue::the guy shoots 39%. Playing 36min and only has 5.7assist at pg? MVP candidate right?
James Kim::If we were ever going to finally get respect from the league, this is it right here. Im sure if any of the "expert analysts' were watching, they were pointing out "this is why jump shooting teams cant make it" , "they dug a hole and this is where it gets ugly", "Portland is not elite" etc etc...well surprise!!!!!
Mark Mattson::suse...you beat a below .500 eastern conference team.  nothing to write home about
James Kim::Mark Mattson down by 11 in the 4th, come back and win in overtime? below .500 or not, these are the games teams need to take care of and they TOOK CARE OF BUSINESS. I've been a fan since '90 and been through all of the hard times, let me enjoy this
Mike Newman::The last I checked Miami couldn't get the job done against that same team a week ago, right?..lol
Edo Kajan::Portland is the BEST team in the NBA right now.I noticed that they also shoot a lot of threes almost 30 a game.The Question is can they stay hot like this once the playoffs start,its a whole different game when the playoffs begin. we shall see!
Ibarra Jaime::I hate it when people attempt to praise Portland just to take it back in the end by raising stupid premature questions. I
James Kim::Jim Ibarra Agreed, the media has been doing it to us and although I havent seen the ESPN highlights, Dan Goss below says that they show mostly Detroit highlights. This small market team bs needs to stop and we need to get real recognition.
Jacob Stevens::Stay hot? We won at Detroit on the second night of a back to back even though we shot terrible from 3. Plus, we have 5 legit 3 point shooters and the best PF in the league who commands double teams and opens up the long shot and Lopez is a great offensive rebounder and protects the paint.
Luis Martinez::The next five games for the Blazers will be three against not elite teams with two of those on the road and the other two against the LA Clippers and the Heat at home. They have a good chance to reach 25 victories by Christmas day.
James Kim::How sweet would that be? How awesome would it be to see Coach Stotts coaching the All Star game, thats a statement right there.
Fiti Bear::heat and clippers they were last season elite this season they are suck-lite :P ha
Al-Jaleel Sawab::Dam was clutch tonight, nothing you can do about shots like the one he hit just now!
James Incredible-Jackson::23 and 10 on 49% shooting on a decent team......in any other era Aldridge would be a frontrunner for MVP....unfortunately Lebron is averaging 25, 6, and 6 on 59% shooting (unreal even for a Center). But I hope Aldridge keeps it up, the rising competition against Lebron is a great thing. Weather Lebron wins it or L.A. wins it, I'm just happy to see athletes going above and beyond to elevate their teams. I don't get how people say that the NBA is "watered down".
Jake Gibbs::Anyone else notice how bad Trey Burke has been with Utah?  We knew Burke couldn't shoot.  We knew Burke had no chance to defend any NBA player. I think the fact that Trey Burke can't get any assists (5 per) or make his teammates better has really stunned his biggest supporters.
Quinten Houston::Is this sarcasm? If it is your not doing a very good job. 5 assist a game is good for a rookie point guard. Not everyone can be Damian Lillard, the Jazz have played astronomically better since he returned. He has had multiple 20+ pt games as well.
Jake Gibbs::Quinten Houston 5 assists absolutely BLOWS when you dominate the ball like Trey Burke.  I was wondering, would you care to tell us how well Burke is shooting the ball?  Wanna talk at all about his inability to defend?  Burke has been horrific.
Quinten Houston::Jake Gibbs Are you a Jazz fan? If not then don't worry about it, I've been a Pacers AND Jazz (my 15 year old cat Jazz proves it) fan since I was a kid, and i'm excited to have Burke and his 38% shooting. Burke marched his overmatched team to the National Title last year and would of won it barring a few questionable calls, he is a fine player and I was more than glad we snagged him.
Adam Pilarski::That's the great thing about having a player like Lillard, even when he's off, he's still on when it counts.
Ben Eggersgluss::It can go with almost anyone on the team.  We could be sucking on offense, but if we keep it close, ANYONE could hit that big shot.  The NBA pun-dents might say we are a jump shooting team and it won't work in the playoffs, but they can't deny that if you have a bunch of solid shooters, one or two are bound to hit that shot you need.
Brandon Learfield::Blazers Starters all played less than 30 minutes last night. Even Earl Watson got 10 minutes of play time. Rip city
Jake Gibbs::It's just a shame that Andre Drummond can't shoot a basketball.  Drummond's defense has been woeful at times and he isn't blocking shots anywhere near what some people expected.  He is what he is.  Other people are just gonna have to step up.
Noah Sawatzki::Give the kid a chance to develop.  He's WAY ahead of his expected output at this point of his career.
Mark Mattson::drummond is still just a second year player at a very difficult defensive position.  he does have some trouble on help defense, but he is a monster playing passing lanes.  his defense would look a lot better if jennings didnt let guys blow right by him constantly.
Ikenna Nwaghanata::It is a shame that you are hating on a 20 year old who is  83 inches 280 pounds and runs the floor like a gazelle while rebounding everything.
Jake Gibbs::Drummond is just so disappointing. He is suppose to be the Pistons best player.  He can't even lead them to a win when he is given a big 4th quarter lead. He's a nice role player but he is just an empty suit when it comes time to close teams out.
Mark Mattson::drummond was considered doomed to fail and is already considered by every expert to be much better than expected.  he is considered by many experts a top 10 center in the league, and it is only his second season.  you are an idiot.  since when is a 2nd year center the leader of a team?  shouldn't that be the veteran PG?
Ruth Miller::Are you kidding me?  Drummond isn't the reason they lost. Drummond is one of the reasons the team has improved this year.
Chris Sachse::Antonio Greene you suck.
Mark Mattson::it is strange to see jennings and smith playing well at all, let alone on the same night.  waiting for the 4th when jennings usually turns into a turnover machine
Geoff Starling::He wasn't quite as bad, he made a couple plays. But he just has no concept of how to run a team in the halfcourt. He'll dribble out possessions that go nowhere time and time and time again. I honestly think Cheeks should pull him down the stretch for Billups. Jennings totally lost the New Orleans and Minnesota games for us. tonight he was didnt do much positive down the stretch, but at least he didnt do as much damage to his own team as usual.
Mark Mattson::Geoff Starling - he gave it away with that turnover late in the 4th.  pistons at least would have been able to run a lot more clock if not go up by 5 or 6.
Ruth Miller::If Portland can solve Phoenix, then they have a chance.  2 of the 4 losses are against the surprising Suns.
Eric Bell::Nice to see Josh Smith playing well. He's carrying the team tonight so far.
Brenda Murphy Donoghue::no problem scoring now freakin bag job
