James::The defense was good, but Orlando is a young club that is still mostly throwing the ball toward the basket and hoping it goes in. The offense flow for the Nets was superb again last night, but precision was just a little lacking because they got a little sloppy at times and in closing out quarters and the game. Everyone was moving in sync though and getting to spots on time with very good passing to set-up a lot of open shots. Reminds me of the old "hit the open man Knicks" a little, but they ran a little more and I am not advocating that. With the serious technicians on the club like KG, joe Johnson, Pierce and MT3, slowing things down and dismantling teams possession by possession is the way to go to me. AK47 has to get his legs under him because he is hustling but spending too much time on the ground. Overall, the Nets are a joy to watch right now as they bring genuine big time basketball to Brooklyn. Go Nets!!!
YimingF::I'm not nets fan, but I said before these Nets are the most dangerous team when they are healthy.
Michael::They are better because AK-47 is back and Andray is stepping up.  When they are aggressive and get the rebounds and work together they will win.  They may have been too dependent on Lopez. The guy is a 7 foot 300lb basketball machine.
Nolefann::Kyle O'Quinn needs to be getting the bulk of the minutes while Vuc is out. He has obviously shown he can produce when given the opportunity.
Anton::Ever since Lopez was injured, Nets are better. Brook is overrated bum.
Larry L. Mote::Can anyone tell me what the Knicks do in practice, its the same old game, one on one, and no rebounds?
Isaac M::Disappointing game from Harris tonight. 7 points, 4 rebounds, and not a single foul shot in 33 minutes? Oof.
John::Brooklyn could end up having the 3rd best record in the East.
tony p::By the end of the year...the Nets will be a force to be dealt with !
David::Who would make up the NBA All-Eastern-European team, and how would they fare against the All-American team? (let's rule out LeBron and Durant to keep things fair).
