Trustin Truthven::I am a Laker fan all day long, but honestly their interior defense sucks.  If the Lakers don't fix that problem they don't have a chance in the west.
Abraham Aaron Dominguez::I totally agree.
Pierre Aviles::As long as we have D'Antoni we're not going to have any Defense at all.
Lando Bustamante::Exactly pierre
Kewon Vines::Why yall such kobe haters? Can't never be satisfied with anything.
Gino Foggia::GOAT #2 KObe having another great game, hopefully this team can start to help produce behind him. Especially on the bench. they haven't looked so hot lately yet still leading the NBA with points off the bench.. Only amatter of time before the Lakers turn it above .500. As Kobe is still not 100%, but no one could have come back so soon from this injury and nearly put up triple dubs in 3 of last 5 games
Ted Cikowski::Kobe is shooting 40% and leading the NBA in turnovers per minute and has a negative win share but nice of you to try and spin it to a positive. Last year Kobe missed more shots than anyone in the NBA and turned the ball over the second most in the NBA. He is shooting 38% career in the NBA finals. He is not anywhere near the GOAT. Lebron has beaten Kobe 14 of the 20 times they have played and Lebron leads in every stat across the board. Lebron is #2 all time in PER behind only Michael Jordan, Kobe is not even in the top 10. Clearly, Lebron is better than Kobe and it is not really even close.
Gino Foggia::Ted Cikowski Spin what? If anything you are a master spinner for anyone too take you seriously this is Kobe's 5th game back.,. FIFTH.. The numbers will be convoluted until he's 20 or 30 games in. So take a chill pill and learn a thing or two! KObe's had a bad 1st game back, when you start out like that the numbers will not be good. But you can't seriously look at those numbers in the beginning to have a clue
Christopher Payne::Thank you Ted
Tony Stewart::kobe has been playing well at pg position.should be another good win
Freddy Chubbs::Just hoping he keeps the ball instead of getting it stolen right from behind him lol, I think the karts can deff win especially with Conley out on the other side!
Freddy Chubbs::Sry.. Lakers""
Dakota Mckenzie::HE HAS???? On what world has he been playing well as a pg? His assist to turnover ratio is a joke and his shooting percentage is terrible. Don't even get me into talking about his defense.   Kobe lovers are way to delusional.
Carlos Davis::KOBE is playing on a team with NO point guard....NO defense.......and he is 35....slowed by a healing torn achilles........and his teammates miss 'wide-open" shots............WHAT CAN HE DO?
Brenton Iverson::Retire :)
Mad SammyBoy::Shooting better than 40% and turning the ball over fewer than six times per game would be an excellent start.
Ian Melendres::apparently he can just take a seat haha because the team was .500 without him and the offense was at least amusing to watch
Josh Jordan::"So I'm named a point guard, That means I can still shoot 9,000 times right?"  Kobe
Ladii Payy::if people like u get off kobe's dik his athletics n hops would be at 100%
Christopher Payne::Kobe is washed up Miss Ladii
Jared Keller::For him being washed up he is playing solid right now. People have been saying he would be washed up years ago, yet he comes back dominating year after year.
Rolando Mercado::kobe and meeks= 8 for 18 the rest of the team=13 of 18.
Kewon Vines::meeks missed most of the shots so get outta here
Ken Morris::Kobe is 6-12....when did that become bad shooting???
Aj Iceberg::dude go somewhere, your saying that for what? Just weird
Aaron Prince::21 points with 5 rebounds and 4 assists. Hell, even if he's not at his prime, the Lakers will take those numbers. Beats what Gasol's been giving.
James Incredible-Jackson::You forgot to mention those 4 turnovers.....and the fact that Gasoft put up similar numbers with 3 blocks to go with them. Kobe is a major factor, but he's FAR from "carrying" this team right now.
Joe Coburn::James Incredible-Jackson - Gasol had a great game, Kobe is a great player, his fans don't need to belittle other players to try and over emphasize how he's doing.
Aj Iceberg::James Incredible-Jackson nobody cares about his turnovers. Hes not the point and coming off injury. Give him a month or two bro. You ever came back from that kind of injury? If not bro then cool it out.
Josh Jordan::Grizzlies will win with ease. Kobe will brick his team to a loss like he did last night. Or he'll just put a bow on the basketball and just hand it to the Grizzlies one way or another
Corey Sharer::man can you get anymore butt hurt dude, you and other trolls  denies but you do stupid post like these and you just keep on looking butt hurt every time.
Freddy Chubbs::Really bro? And if you think for a second lakers will loose against the memphis without Conley... Your about to be dissapointed
Matthew Wingate::Good call.
Danny Perlstein::What's up with all the hating on Kobe?! 5th game back! Give the dude a break!
Mike Dixon::All great players have had haters at some point in their careers.  It goes with the territory.
Marcleen Bavogui::fired hollins for this lmao the owner deserve this sucky season
Darryl Hoytt::Not only did they get rid of Holins but they also traded Rudy Gay in the middle of making a playoff run when Gay could have helped them get through the playoffs into the finals.   I'm a Laker fan but could not believe the moves Memphis made. Those type of things are what separates the Laker Franchise and others. Lakers will not trade key players that will help win a championship but add players to help.
Cj Vanginkel::Darryl Hoytt agreed the lakers would have made a smaller trade and brought in guys that helped for next to nothing.
William Jeong::Lot of optimistic Lakers fans here. I'm a diehard Lakers fan, but let's be honest here. None of us like what we're seeing. Kobe still needs time and the rest of the squad is either injured or inexperienced. We probably won't even make the playoffs at this rate.  But thankfully, Memphis is just as bad this season. Hopefully we'll be able to steal this one, but realistically, it's dark times for Lakers nation
David Andaya Palafox::I guess the TOs is the only hung these haters look forward to from Kobe. They act like he's a PG for 18 seasons. I guess they just want to hate on a guy so much that they'd take the time a day to troll and comment useless crap.
David Andaya Palafox::*only thing.   I hate auto correct!!!
Ryan Lee::One thing that still stands out to me is the interior D. D'Antoni is a complete idiot for not using Caman MUCH more
Kenton Williams::Kaman?
Adam Youman::Kenton Williams lol he answered his own question. kaman who?
Rolando Mercado::why is it opposing guards typically have big games against kobe? even if they are not known scorers.
Matt Elmore::1) they get up for their matchup against Kobe (i.e. like when a struggling team plays pretty well against the Heat) 2) Kobe takes a lot of possessions off on the defensive end to save his legs for offense, leading to open shots for those players
Aj Iceberg::Defense man, he cant really play d right now at all. I have a strange feeling you already knew that.
Craig Keller::Matt Elmore he's done that for 6 years!
Dandraus Dollar Bill Wiley::Kobe don't got it no more he just look to stiff out there
Art-Lucy Gutierrez::Your english teachers should have their degrees revoked.
Jose Armando Oviedo::Art-Lucy Gutierrez blaming his English teachers for his lack of writing properly on an ESPN comment thread is like blaming your Critical Thinking instructor (assuming you had one) for your lack of logical thinking on an ESPN comment thread.
Dandraus Dollar Bill Wiley::I think the Lakers should go for Camilo Anthony
Local Living Av::ESPN seems to love trolls, Go Lakers
Ladii Payy::i will take 6 12 allday
Matt Elmore::Solid win. Playing on the road on a back-to-back. Kobe looked solid (4 TOs still too much, but this will be corrected as he plays more games). Pau found some of his magic back tonight, nice game. Jodie and Nick played efficiently tonight, hit some big 3s throughout. Got an interesting 4 game stretch with Minnesota, @Golden State, @Phoenix, then Christmas vs. the Heat. If they can gain a split in those 4 games, they have an easy stretch after that with @Utah, Philly, Milwaukee, and Utah. Farmar should be coming back around then, moving Kobe back to his natural 2 slot. If they can play consistent basketball, I can definitely see a 6-2 stretch. The key thing though is to continue to get Kobe back to full health and game awareness.
Tj Kennedy::The main reason why the lakers or losing is because mike Antoni fails to produce plays, for top player and to create easy points. (like back-door screens isos and motion) Also run some zone on defense. Kobe has to will us, keep us in the game the entire time he's in the game
Christopher Payne::LA was a game above .500 before Kobe came back. He has killed them the last 3 or 4 seasons.
Matthew Wingate::Yeah especially in 2010 when they were world champs...Geez dude. Don't you have something better to do?!
Christopher Payne::Im glad he signed for a couple more years. Wont have to worry about LA being in the finals
Marlon Reyes Barit::??? kobe was the reason they got into the playoffs last season working almost 48mins in the last 7? games!!!
William Cutting::I don't think anybody expected the Lakers to have a better record than the Grizzlies at this point
Kyle Miller::Now that Kobe is back in mid season form shooting 30% a game, that will change.
Craig Keller::if you told me they(memphis) would be missing there all-star center I would have told you they would be ahead of memphis
Josh Jordan::Ball hogging Kobe is back. Already 12 shots and it's not even half time
Ken Morris::Kobe is a shooting guard, NOT a point guard. I'd much rather him accumulate FG attempts than turnovers. Scoring is what makes him a great player, not his passing.
Matthew Wingate::I know! I hate it when a player shoots 50% for a half. Terrible! Geez.
Matt Elmore::6/12=50%. At that rate, I'd like for him to shoot some more in the second half
Michael Bradley::Is 30 million a year to much to pay a player who is averaging 12.5 points a game?
Corey Sharer::yet again you forget old deal made in the old cba and no he can not re-adjust his contract it aint the Football thats a whole different system from NBA's cba.
Jarvis Watson::Yea 30 million is way to much to pay a player who averages that much, but at the end of the day, the entire reason why the Grizzlies aren't what they were last year is because they were foolish and got rid of Lionel Hollins, without him last year, the Grizzles wouldn't have been as successful as they were. What a foolish move, I don't care what your relationship with the coach is, from an owner/corporate perspective, the man produced results, you keep him around, PERIOD.
Ian Melendres::can not re-adjust his contract whoop dee doo haha
