thyshakes::To all Lin fans.  It seems that there are Lin haters who like to use childish word games and race to bash Lin, his fans, or the likes of Lin's race.  The biggest enemy is always yourself.  The fact that someone likes to use a differential characteristic like race to bring someone down simply demonstrates insecurity of his own characteristics (race, gender, ..etc).  Simply put, why bother talking about flaws of another based on race if you feel confident about yourself in the first place?  You would simply ignore.  I welcome the attention, criticism, and the bashing, it simply shows that there are people who feel threatened of what may become.  Furthermore, it simply make Lin even more special and his fans more determined.  As demonstrated thru history, it is thru adversity that one can shine even more.  Without adversity, this may not be as special as it is right now.  And Lin is an perfect example.
batpeeps::Dezagcoog -  Additionally he's the same guy as LOFRCLOUNS, nbafanatic69, Cambo.Rambo, DaBeardedAsian, many more and many more to come. Stop arguing with him. He's that New york guy who only comes in here to rile you LOFs up.  rEdBuLxTaSy - ADD largehdsports22, nybishop TO IT.  THEY'RE ALL LIKELY THE SAME IDIOT FROM NY TROLLING THE BOARD ON A DAILY BASIS :):):)  LOFLUVYELO is definitely LARGESPORTS22. remember how large was calling LOFs "yellow" couple games ago? now she made a new name with "yelo" in it.  prettty stupid b!tch to think no one would notice. largesports is always on the knicks boards. you all should troll her there. btw large is a female, not a male!!! the regulars on the knicks boards said so.
Dezagcooog::Good observation.  I'll keep that in mind.  Thanks!
Rip City Forever::Hornets&gt;pelicans
we will we will rock you...stomp stomp clap::Vasquez &gt; Lin  That is all....  out
batpeeps::lin schooled vasquez the last game they played
batpeeps::lin schooled vasquez when he played him last season with the knicks.
LarryGnth::You're either dishonest or have a terrible memory: 1/2/13  Vazquez: 15 pts 14 Ast 3 Reb  2 To                       Lin           9 pts   7 ast    6 reb   2 to  11/14/12   Vazquez: 24 pts 9 Ast 5 Reb  2 To                            Lin           4 pts   4 ast    4 reb   2 to
The Lesson Teacher::Sign that man to an extension asap
we will we will rock you...stomp stomp clap::god it's not that hard to figure out people.  hornets have won nearly as many games in the past 5 as they have all season.  Not just a coincidence.  Since Gordon has been back the Hornets actually have an offense to speak of, many of you are just being a-holes to people trying to talk B-ball.
rEdBuLxTaSy::LOFLUVYELO REDBUL is a sissy. As soon as it got hot in here he bolted. He's the biggest racist LOF on the board. He thinks everyone is either asian or black.  LOL YOU'RE SUCH A MORON.  SORRY I HAD OTHER THINGS TO TAKE CARE OF BESIDES BEING A RACIST TROLL LOSER LIKE YOU ON ESPN DAILY.  :):):)
Dezagcoog::That was posted like 10 hours ago. Additionally he's the same guy as LOFRCLOUNS, nbafanatic69, Cambo.Rambo, DaBeardedAsian, many more and many more to come. Stop arguing with him. He's that New york guy who only comes in here to rile you LOFs up.
rEdBuLxTaSy::AS USUAL, WHEN YOU HAVE NO SERIOUS RETORT, YOU OFTEN CHANGE THE SUBJECT.  NO WONDER YOUR OTHER HALF IS MOCKING YOU LOL :):):)  P.S. LOF HATERS ARE ACTUALLY LIN FAN STALKERS :):):)
Dezagcoog::rEdBuLxTaSy -  I FIND MOST PEOPLE USING THE TERM "LOF" TO BE DELUSIONAL AND MISGUIDED.  BEST CASE SCENARIO, THEY'RE MOST LIKELY TROLLS TRYING TO DIVIDE THE FANBASE :):):)  Like you are doing right now...ok troll...Not responding to this again...
rEdBuLxTaSy::BTW, IT'S FUNNY HOW YOU KEEP ON REFERRING TO US AS LOFs.  FYI I'M ALSO A FAN OF MJ, TMAC, BILLUPS, NASH, ETC...PLAYERS THAT MAKE THE GAME ENTERTAINING ARE GOOD IN MY BOOK;  NO BALLHOGGERS PLEASE!!! YOUR PERCEPTION OF A LOF ARE ABSURD AND LUDICROUS!  ALTHOUGH I DO AGREED THERE ARE SOME EXTREME LOFs, I WOULD SAY MOST OF THEM ARE FROM OVERSEAS.  I FIND MOST PEOPLE USING THE TERM "LOF" TO BE DELUSIONAL AND MISGUIDED.  BEST CASE SCENARIO, THEY'RE MOST LIKELY TROLLS TRYING TO DIVIDE THE FANBASE :):):)
rEdBuLxTaSy::ADD largehdsports22, nybishop TO IT.  THEY'RE ALL LIKELY THE SAME IDIOT FROM NY TROLLING THE BOARD ON A DAILY BASIS :):):)
Dezagcoog::The Lesson Teacher - He is what is commonly refereed to as a troll  EXACTLY! The problem is that he makes new names constantly and all the LOF don't notice that its the same guy! He writes sooo identical each time and has the exact same syntax and message, I don't get how they don't see it and get riled up each time he comes around.
The Lesson Teacher::He is what is commonly refereed to as a troll
mpdalry1::Just like I said the Hornets would beat the Rockets and that Vasquez is very dangerous when Gordon is on the court and that front court players have more opportunities and would dominate Rockets in rebounding.  You all laughed me off the board.  Now I am trying to explain why the Hornets are not the same team just two weeks ago and you are still not getting it.  Well I really could careless....my prediction was right....lol. God you people cannot even try to engage in any talk without taking your fan goggles off for just a second.
Dezagcoog::You need to watch more basketball. I'm sure if you were a Rockets fan when McGrady was here you would have been one of those who gave him all the credit for everything.
Dezagcoog::That's a fair enough. I haven't seen your team play other games. Just know about our games. I wish I knew how y'all took it to the Spurs. We just need a post up player who can give us a half court offense and we might have been able to respond to y'all.
The Lesson Teacher::Point is they are 4-1 with him in the lineup and just swept the texas triangle.  He spaces the floor for everyone, even when he doesnt score. When we get that kind of perimeter defense and rebounding from Aminu, we are tough.  Cant say enough about team rebounding last night.  You are correct in saying Monty coached a great game and had an answer for just about everything.
Dezagcoog::Your prediction, besides y'all winning, is still wrong. Gordon had nothing to do with the win. AGAIN y'all won cause your coach called a genius play. There's no fan goggles here. I'm giving YOUR team all the credit. Just not that one player. You don't know what you're saying. Y'all have a smart coach who learns well and adjusts. He would make y'all much more dangerous in the playoffs than the regular season where you play 7 games not one.
The Lesson Teacher::Gordon has completely changed the complexion of this team.  They are playing with better energy, confidence, and swagger since his return and feel they can play with anybody.  Fun to watch
mpdalry1::People....I did not say Hornets shot well.  I am making an assessment of this team that past 5 games.  Last night Smith's abilities is a result of having opportunities that did not exist earlier in the season.  hornets system is totally different with Gordon on the court, regardless of how  many points he makes.  Vasquez has more lanes, Smith, Davis and Anderson have floor to work with.  If you had watched this team two weeks ago you would know what I am talking about.  You Rockets fans are looking at as one game and what it in front of you.  hornets have progressed and it has to do with the offensive side of the court.
Dezagcoog::Also isn't that the exact same thing you did with the Kobe vs Harden thing yesterday? changed the terms of the discussion to only this season right now and never again? or was that the other guy?
Dezagcoog::LOL you said you won this game. you didn't say anything about "the past 5 games" until just now....lol make up your mind.
luckywin7::good job pls continued to ball hog harden and 7 TO well you rob lin TO.... A 7 TO isnt your winning game only lin....harden what a poorly Defense. let go lin let go lin let go LIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
mpdalry1::Huh?
Dezagcoog::Nobody knows what he's saying.
mpdalry1::The reason the Hornets one, is because now they are able to spread the court on offense.  Defense has not really been a problem for the Hornets.  The problem without Gordon was two-fold...not being able to shoot outside the paint and having to play a one dimensional front court game with no one to draw players.  Gordon's presence requires attention, and his play making abilities make players like Anderson, Davis, even a Smith very dangerous.  Both Anderson and Smith are bigmen who can shoot from the field but need space, need some floor to work with.  Now they can do that.
Dezagcoog::It was genius on Williams to play a full court press and take away our fast break.
Dezagcoog::you won cause you can spread the court on offense? That makes no sense when you won by scoring only 88 pts dude. We allow on avg 103 pts, so you actually had a bad offense yesterday technically. Your defense beat us. Considering you let us score 100 104 last times we played and you scored 96 and 92, it's obvious that keeping us to 79 won you the game...
Dezagcoog::I think the reason we lost is cause they are as young as we are and started playing full court D. That effectively took away our fast break. Since we have no one to post up, then we have nothing to keep defenses honest in a half court situation. THAT is our biggest weakness and definitely needs to be addressed. We'll get nowhere without a post up presence. Hakeem needs to give a lesson to Asik, Smith, and Patterson. Morris is too small. Olajuwon was the greatest post up player ever. Unstoppable in the paint. This is why we keep having trouble in against some of the younger(but bad) teams like the Hornets and Cleveland.
lyang912::Not a good loss for Rockets, but the good news is they only allowed 88 pts, so you could say the defense was not that terrible, but the offense was way worse. Guess better to get your worst scoring game of season out of the way earlier rather than later. I doubt they would have too many of these types of games, and this month's 4 pairs of consecutive back to back games is probably the toughest stretch for any team in NBA this season, I mean that's just unheard of, they play 6 games in 9 days starting with the Boston game tomorrow. If they can win half o them, I'm pretty happy.
The Lesson Teacher::Hornets missed a lot of open shots by their best guys.  Ryan Anderson was 0-7 with 0 points (18 ppg average), and gordon wasnt much better  If they had been on their game, the hornets score a lot more.  Most impressive defensive effort of the season last night
Dezagcoog::Yeah you won cause of the full court D you pulled on us. Our shots weren't falling either. Bro.
The Lesson Teacher::Im a hornets fan bro.  Defensive effort in the 4th quarter was smothering and fantastic.  Not very impressed with lin, he looks out of control often.  Maybe mason made up for anderson's lack of scoring, but it could have been worse
Dezagcoog::I'm not sure whose fan you are, but both teams can say the EXACT same thing you just said as an excuse as to why they didn't score that much. ESPECIALLY the Rockets seeing as they are the top scoring team in the League...LOLOL
Dezagcoog::I think ppl don't accurately assess defense. In all sports really. Pts allowed don't mean the same when the teams are up and down the court getting over a 100 possessions a game each than when they barely have like 80 possessions. It seems just so easy to base it on pts that, thats what people do.   Our shots weren't falling for the most part, and in the second half they started playing full court D, which pretty effectively canceled out our fast break. Thats why we need a post up PF
Dezagcoog::mpdalry1 -  It's not about ONE game.    yes it is about one game. Thats where the discussion started and furthermore what you said in another post.   You claimed y'all won the game cause of the offense. Dude you need to keep your thoughts in order somehow.
mpdalry1::I am assessing a team that was pretty much dead on the offensive side. This is a totally different team.  It's not about ONE game.  It is about the system they can now run. They now have more options, move the ball beyong Vasquez having to do all the work.  This is now a team that HAS an offense. how does Smith get so much success now?  Did you see him earlier in the season?  A lot of players struggled up unti. now
Dezagcoog::Dude you have no ability to assess a basketball game if you think your offense won you the game. Especially if you think Gordon won you the game. It was your coach that won you the game. It was a genius move to call a full court press on us. No one has done that to us. And he started it basically in the middle of the third. Took us out of our game and we have almost no half court offense. Get off of Gordon's lower chin, you're sounding like Lin fans. You can't claim an offensive win when the last two times we beat you we scored about 25 more points and you scored 5 more and we won... you kept the highest scoring team to 79 pts. I don't see how this isn't fully obvious to you.
mpdalry1::It makes perfect sense.  Did you watch this Hornets team before Gordon got back?  No....  I did not say that they shot well this game.  I did not say Gordon played well offensively.  I am making the point that now there is a player that defenders HAVE to respect weather he is shooting well or not.  Which now leaves, Smith, Anderson or Davis to work with.  Last night it was Smith.  Take your pick.  This teams HAS BEEN A DIFFERENT TEAM with Gordon.  Why?   You explain it then.
The Lesson Teacher::Great win last night   4-1 with gordon in the lineup  Is the 8th seed possible?
lyang912::West is too tough, probably not.
mpdalry1::Dug themselves too deep.  If Gordon had been healthy first 26 games they might be right there with Houston
Jason Stone Lee::All Rockets want to play PG, no one can fall the basket. Check all other teams in LG, how they play with their PG, give back the ball to PG, if you can not shoot, let offence though your PG all the time.
Jason Stone Lee::so what do you think the PG should do? if turnover there, it is better happened on PG, others have them will destroy their confidence for shooting. BTW, do you think the sg, fw, center are good to concentrate fall balls or pass? do you really think they pass the ball better than PG?
Dezagcoog::I don't know what you said. I just asked a simple question. you could have just answered it.
Dezagcoog::so you give the ball BACK to the PG and then what? he shoots it? or he passes it back out?
Fredowski::Wait...didnt James Harden get a Rockets franchise record with his 25 pts?
sam11771::you really need to work on your english
Jason Stone Lee::Did you see 2 on 1 and Lin passed the ball to Harden even Lin could do it easily himself?  But one more TO counted to Lin.
Dezagcoog::Lin was being guarded 2 on 1 and he could have easily scored is what you're saying?? but then you say he cares about TO so he passed? so that means he couldn't have done it himself. He would have lost the ball. So he did the right thing in passing?   Dude you really don't get basketball do you.
Dezagcoog::just under the wire. It almost seems like they all wanted him to get the record at the expense of the game lol. Oh well. Crummy game all around.
KeriTheCreoleTexan::Yeah.
acgulenay::So dumb that Asik was on the bench entire 4th quarter, its not only ridiculous shootings behind the ark, but there was no defense at all..
GeauxPelicans::How bout tha Pelicans
Ekonrad::14 point and 10 point quaters for the highest scoring team in the NBA....So sloppy with the ball. One of the worst games I've watched in a loooooong time
Dezagcoog::Yup it happens when you're one of the youngest teams and everyone is still learning to play NBA ball and with each other. The surprising part is that these guys have only played 36 games together and they're doing this well!
NguyenDragon::We are going to have these types of games...
furior44::Both teams played very bad and Roger Mason is the reason NO had won this game.
Jeremy Lin Megatron:::(
batpeeps::LOFLUVYELO - Where's that hemorrhoid REDBULXSTACY at?  fyi folks: this LOFLUVYELO is obviously LARGEHRD, the biggest troll on these boards. you can tell - exact same lin-hatin comments, every single rockets game every time
rEdBuLxTaSy::ADD NYBISHOP TO IT LOL...HE'S A TERRORIST :):):)
Dezagcoog::and nbafanatic69, and Cambo.Rambo, and DaBeardedAsian, and many more. Its allt he same dude.
nbafanatic69::what a horrific game.  rox looked like someone killed their team mascot.  i'd hammer lin, but then his teammates were all just as bad.  pathetic.
Jason Stone Lee::4th court, only 8 points + Lin last shoot 2 points. Do you think it is Lin' fault? He is PG (not allowed shoot more by coach)? The problem is no one can fall the ball even no guard. I did not see coach make any changes for this.
Jason Stone Lee::Do you think all teamates and coach M really respect Lin?  If you team didn't, then Refs did not!  Coach had not any offense plan for Lin whatever he is hot or not.  Most scores he got is because he tried by himself. By the way, turnover problem is not all bc Lin, lot of them is so many butter finger in Rox and teamates no run just all standing and waiting, too easy to be catched pass ball.
Dezagcoog::Yeah dude, and you think that if he breaks the offensive plan so much to get all these score, that coach would leave him in the game?? no way. you don't listen to coach you don't play. Learn how sports and bball work first, then comment.  Also, then it is Lin's fault, he should give easier to catch passes.
bobby.earl::He went undrafted but was played in the summer league, got interest, and has always had a spot even when he didnt play.  when he was cut, someone signed him.  overlooked is a strong word.  his game has flaws but  hes working at them.
Dezagcoog::Yeah I think it's his inconsistency that delayed his starting role and such. Still causing trouble today. I think his confidence level either gets too high or too low. When he learns to control himself he'll start getting real all-star attention. He has the potential.
JLinNASA::@Dawan.  Well said.  Lin said he has to constantly prove himself over and over.  Keep up the hard work, Lin.  Can't wait for you to develop a consistent outside jumper.  We believe and support you.  Enjoying your game and the Rox.
Dawan208::You are only here because of Lin.   You say you are trolling because he's overhyped and overpaid.   Well there are other NBA players who are "overhyped" and "overpaid" why not troll on their boards.   Lin is not overhyped any more.  That was last year and he was considered a under dog who was not given the chance of a basketball scholarship (even though he took his high school to the state national championship)  and then when he proved them wrong in College by breaking Harvard basketball records like he did at his highschool he was not even drafted.  That's not overhyped that's called overlooked.   You trolls don't have a clue how hard he worked to get in the nba.  Some one was even stupid enough to say he's wasting his spot in the nba for a more deserving person and he in the NBA because of affirmative action.   And the coaching staff did not even want Lin-  they wanted Dragic to stay but the owner Leslie Alexander wanted Lin.  He's the owner he gets what he wants.   That's is that.  I guess you can give a opinion it is a country of free speech but where are you and the rest of these loosers when Lin has a good game.   No where to be found.   And if he and the rockets have a great game against the Celtics you and the rest of the trolls are nowhere to be found.    The board is quiet.   But we know you will be waiting for Lin to have a bad game and here comes all the loosers again like Durant for MVP and others.   It's what they live for.   Pathetic little people.
Dezagcoog::He's here cause he gets a rise out of you. If you stop listening to him and ignore him, then he won't come back anymore. He has 50 names and makes new ones everyday. Stop responding to them all and he'll stop coming. He probably started in nyc when Lin was there and decided to follow the LOF here. So it's as simple as ignoring him.
micahcc::too bad that Harden had very little effort on D. it finally caused them a game. it will happen more regularly in April.
Jason Stone Lee::if lakers lost, all comments to Kobe. Why Rox lost, everyone problems, most to LIN, but not Harden?  Harden is the half team pay, coach is the fan of him, all offense plan for him, D is not constant. If rox lost, why not him???
KeriTheCreoleTexan::FOH. Harden didn't do this, Harden didn't do that. Uh, what about the rest of the team? At least Harden looked competent last night. Everyone else looked like they were just going through the motions.
Jason Stone Lee::Shoud be Harden, highest pay, fan coach, if he want, take everything, if not drop the ball to Lin or teamates then walking far away.   Don't forget, it is the coach said; give the ball to Harden, he can do all and win by himself.
Georgetown Hoyas 1097::harden is their whole team.  If not for him they wouldn't have been within 20 points.  Stop talking you dumb piece of ****.  I going to **** **** **** ***** you.
sports guy12::huh? scoring 10 points in the 4th quarter is what hurt them
dwighthowardsamazing::Harden let roger mason Jr. Score 15 points in the 4th he outscored them by him self
Rip City Forever::Please for the love of god don't use the name pelicans
vonsteve6868::Well that's a surprising score. Not so much that we lost (we were due) but that we scored 79. It's no biggie. Everyone lays an egg once in a while. Especially young teams.
sports guy12::true
wahaha1717::Austin Rivers is the biggest bust in 2012 draft.
ltdee1970::blow it out your a$$
bh352203::For sure ... and I fully enjoy it
Vega_2012::The New Orleans Officials won this game.
micahcc::in a way. calls where should be calling were no whistle. but at the same time, Houston seemed tired, their centers had no legs jumping for rebounds.
jpm70127::The refs were the ones that blew a 10 point lead going into the 4th qtr and went cold from the field in the 4th? Every time a team loses, fans always have to blame the refs even when it's not warranted. Houston had this game, but simply choked in the last quarter.
KeriTheCreoleTexan::Houston didn't "choke". They were playing the same way throughout the entire game. Uninspired basketball. They were asking to lose that game.
Baby J.Cole::http://xat.com/ESPNPeople
1ooclickTx::when jason smith and james harden shoot the same number of freethrows you know the game wasnt officiated right
madnessUNC::they were letting them play both ways and there were a ton of missed calls. plus harden tries to draw fouls on both sides of the floor and looks like an idiot half the time.
ltdee1970::I am A hornets fan: Rockets LOOK a little tired last night and the refs did not have any thing to do with game!!!
Hondo Kid::Houston what happened.  Damm hot and cold.  But its only one game.  Hornets are capable of playing good when they are healthy.  Rockets are going good so far considering all the change they made lately.
ThinYellowLine::Austin Rivers!  Ha ha...Too funny.  Plus Harden brought it but Lin did not.
micahcc::J.Harden didn't spend much effort on defense. When you watched the games, not only this one, his opponents were quite a lot of time scoring with ease. and be very fair, Lin is a much better defensive player than both J Harden and T Douglas.
dwighthowardsamazing::Harden had 7 turnovers and let roger mason Jr. Score 15 points in the 4th he didn't bring it
ltdee1970::HOW IN THE F U CK YOU LET SOME ONE GET 15 POINTS!!! THAT IS A DUM FING STATMENT
ThinYellowLine::He didn't?  Sorry.  My bad.  I just wanted somebody to bring it and nobody did.
dwighthowardsamazing::Dear coach Monty  I know we are winning (finally) and I should be happy but I think you have got to control Gordon he shoots the ball no matter if he's triple covered or not he was 2-12 tonight and I felt like LeBron James counting how many times the rim blocked his layup not 1 not 2 so please let Vasquez control the offense  Sincerely  Dwighthowardsamazing  Ps. Can you please get Davis more playing time and thanks again for animus playing time
ALeonard118::Your dumb.. He took maybe 1 or 2 questionable shots and the other 10 were pretty good looks that just didn't fall
jpm70127::Gordon is by far our best scorer and player overall. He can take as many shots as he needs to and has the freedom from Monty to do so. You rarely see a 2-12 night out of him
dwighthowardsamazing::He only made over 40% shooting in one game this season
ret12364::Nobody even wants to talk about how horrifyingly bad Harden's defense was in the 4th. Superstars that get away with terrible defense : Kobe, Melo, Dirk,....and now Harden.
dwighthowardsamazing::Kobe actually just started the bad defense thing about 3 years ago he used to be really really good on d
Amen Ra 1::Rivers is starting to look like a Bust.
TDUSM4::Geaux Bees/Pelicans
Dezagcoog::What do y'all think is the easiest way to take the step of getting to the point where we can beat OKC, Spurs, Clips and Heat?
Dezagcoog::...k, I guess y'all made EVERYONE leave. Guess I will too.
durant.4.mvp::get somebody who plays defense would be a good start.
durant.4.mvp::ha. that was you!
LOFLUVYELO::@durant  We wrecked this place!
LOFLUVYELO::Trade everyone but Hardin for starters but if they could get Gay somehow that would be a major step forward.
LOFLUVYELO::Hey Rockets Fans the Lin Only Fans have been defeated 2nite. It's safe to come out and say whatever you want about the game and your team.
LOFLUVYELO::@TomNish  If youre from NYC why not root for the Knicks or Nets? I think i know why.
LOFLUVYELO::REDBUL is a sissy. As soon as it got hot in here he bolted. He's the biggest racist LOF on the board. He thinks everyone is either asian or black.
TomNishikawa::I like Lin, because he is humble and a team player.  I would like to see Harden do a little more ball sharing. that makes me a racist?  I am done with this stupid people.   bye.
Dezagcoog::You always say you're done but you always respond to this guy's other screen names...
TomNishikawa::Criticizing Harden for ball hogging makes me a racist? what kind of logic is this?
LOFLUVYELO::Liking Lin cuz he's asian makes you a racist
TomNishikawa::you the one sounding like a racist fool.
LOFLUVYELO::Youre his girlfriend or boyfriend?
m_gunners::Bad loss for the Rockets after taking command in the 3rd quarter and a healthy lead into the 4th.....too many shots taken in 4th especially by Delfino when they should have play to run the clock and drive into the paint more with the likes of Harden?Lin and Parson taking control..instead they threw the game away in the 4th and allowed NOH to gether confidence to nail several crucial 3's.....
watchDreplay::austin rivers is the biggest bust
ghostProject4::I'm not even a big Lin fan but to call him a bust is stupid. He an average pg doing better than most players who get drafted in the lottery.
WOOPZZZ::lin is definitely above average. he's just young and inexperienced and will only get better over time and more experience.
LOFLUVYELO::It takes three season before someone is officially a bust, like Lin.
LOFLUVYELO::He was busted before he even got in the NBA? Is that what youre saying? DAYUM!
ghostProject4::How is Lin a bust when he wasn't drafted?
MolasseScorpion1986::10 points in the fourth quarter is pathetic.
Dezagcoog::Sadly it is. BUT luckily an aberration. Worst quarter(especially fourth) by far for the rockets.
Dezagcoog::I really hate having Lin on our team now...It's not like he's a real all-star. And all he is really doing is bringing along all these LOFs and trolls who are here to goad them. The worst part is that its mostly one random guy who has no life and all of you LOFs respond and bomb the board. Stop feeding him and he'll leave...stop responding to guys who obviously say something to bug you. Its mostly the same guy.
fred3857::Be not against the God's blessing to let us interest in NBA again all bcs of Linsanity.
durant.4.mvp::because he's ridiculously overhyped and overpaid. Now, once the Rox get buyer's remorse, they won't be able to do with him except relegate to backup PG, they'll have to find another starting PG and meanwhile he'll get $8 million for coming off the bench and with today's CBA, that kills your ability to compete.
Dawan208::Yea.  But Lin was not the only one who had a bad night.  Why don't you criticize a vet like Delphino who had a bad game too!   No just the young Lin.  He's not even played a full year as a starter!
Dezagcoog::I hope you're not talking to me, cause I haven't criticized Lin's play tonight AT ALL.
Dawan208::And I went to other boards. And unless you are Kobe who is a superstar or Lebrone.   It' shouldn't happen because Lin did not take anyone's championship from them so why the hate?????
durant.4.mvp::It happens on every board, people say inappropriate things and mock other team's players. Or for instance, on the LAC forum right now people keep saying sexist things about Doris Burke. Who cares? It's the LOF that take things so personally and you can be strictly discussing basketball, but they'll call you a racist for criticizing Lin. Whatever.
durant.4.mvp::I agree. When we played what like 10 days ago is when I ran onto to lofs and I gotta say they amuse me. I'll probably move along soon, but i'm sure you're over it.
Dezagcoog::No, but this is ridiculous. suddenly two days after a game at some random hour there's a hundred messages on here about Lin and racism and that one guy goading all the LOFs silly enough to reply. I've been on the internet long enough, never seen it get to this scale. 1 out of like ever 8 posts on here is NOT a Lin post in some way. Its ridiculous.
durant.4.mvp::Lin fans and their persecution complexes. sheesh.
LOFLUVYELO::I went to Chinatown and saw Jeremy Lin and his brother there selling counterfeit NBA gear and Nike sneakers. Lin got that side hustle.
LOFLUVYELO::Where's that hemorrhoid REDBULXSTACY at?
Hank10593::I just found it ironic that people would actually spend time on this board talking s.hit about Lin. Don't they realize that they are wasting time on someone they hate? This is quite hilarious. Good night everybody, I just hope some people can finally realize that they actually still have to wake up tomorrow dealing with the struggles that they have in their lives. I guess if talking s.hit about Lin provides you with a little comfort, then do it as much as you want. God bless you all.
NYRangers_Are_COMING13-14::Like you, sensitive little wimps. Are you gonna flag me now?
TomNishikawa::NyRangers, you taling mighty sh it. come to Chinatown
Dezagcoog::sure I'll flag you if you want me to. lol
NYRangers_Are_COMING13-14::Hes a basketball player, nobody hates him lol no matter how overrated he is. We hate his annoying fake fans tho
Hank10593::We as we all the fans of other players? I think you value your own opinions too much. If you don't like who I like then it's annoying? I guess a lot of people would think you are annoying too. Put yourself in other people's shoes and use your brain to think about it.
Dawan208::How is he overrated.  Espn never hardly talks about him.   He's not even the big story anymore.   Now it's just trolls like you who stock these boards.
LOFLUVYELO::Steve Nash earned 10000 asst at the age of 39  Jeremy Lin will have 10000 turnover by the age of 29
Docker2.o::Lin will also have 20000 turnovers.
LOFLUVYELO::Mike James&gt;Jeremy Lin  "Who?" - Lin Only Fans  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-wJAfzZsgM
