Brandon Tigues::28 shots attempts by lebron and he still shoots 57 percent..so to all you people that say "the only reason he shoots a high percentage is because he doesn't take a lot of shots"  shove it!
Jack Malich::exactly and two CLUTCH threes at the end and idiots say hes afraid to shoot.
Jeffrey Nicholas::Sekou Garrett No. What it shows is that as his career continues, he has become more efficient. What is this? Seven years in a row that he has shot better than the previous year? And you'll also note that the season he shot the most times is included in that string of years.  So yes, I'm willing to bet that if he shot 30% more often his percentage would go down a little bit. But are we really going to say that it is somehow a bd thing that his decision making allows him to run an offense that shoots over 50% as a team?
Karla Elden::Lebron 38 points 8 rebounds 6 assists
Tim Hurst::How many points were off the help of the garbage officiating ??? This is why the NBA has worse ratings than baseball.  It's sad when more people watch WWE than an NBA game.
Jack Malich::Tim Hurst Worse ratings than the WWE, do you mean the NHL
Ben Black::Did you watch the game Idiot.?
Harae Kang::Another clutch performance by the ref.
Rolando Lara::Waaaaa....
Steve Ungar::You misspelled "Another clutch performance by LeBron James and Ray Allen."
Donnell Swift-DaDon Moore::WE WIN!!!! HEAT WIN!!!! ALL YALL HATERS SUCK SOMETHING!!!!! LMAO
Steve Jezierski::who the fark is "we"?
Donnell Swift-DaDon Moore::Steve Jezierski WE THE MIAMI HEAT!!!
Steve Jezierski::Donnell Swift-DaDon Moore dont remember seeing you on the court or bench
Julie Price::World Wide Leaders in Sports can't even get a boxscore up for this game.
Al Sotowitz::ESPN is like Walmart. Why should they care if everyone just keeps coming back.
Samuel Carter::It was wrong on live TV from GA, quality of the network feed.
Julie Price::I'm more confused than Jason Collins at a playboy party.
Wade Mason::So when Miami needs 3 to tie, it's okay to call a foul, but if it's any other team, the refs need to let the players decide the game. Just more proof that the Heat are the recipients of special treatment by the league. Poor lil LeBron's legacy will forever be tainted.
Jeffrey Nicholas::I've not seen the play for this game, but I would imagine they weren't identical plays.
Wade Mason::Jeffrey Nicholas Not identical at all... but let's just say that there was less contact that LeBron had on Paul George the other night. WAY less.
OZ Henry Junior::So MJ is tainted? the push off
Tann McKenzie::What a joke.  Carroll wasn't within 2 feet of Allen and they call a foul. Pathetic. More gifts for LeBron and Co .
Jamion Speed::Watch the replay....Allen was hit on the forearm.  'Nuff said...
Wade Mason::Jamion Speed Paul George was held on the waist... Nuff said. But the players need to decide the game in the final moments right????  Heat are frauds.
John Bray::Wade Mason "Held" at the waist. LOL! Whatever you say, HATER!
Jody George Prats::Heat 109  Hawks 95  LeBron James is too efficient. MVPX5
Eric Brown::And it makes me laugh at how weak the NBA has become as a whole (not just Eastern) when a #3 seed is probably going to be lose 10+.  This is the potential SECOND round match up and it's going to be this bad. LeBron may be the greatest ever, but everyone around him in the NBA is absolutely pathetic.
Daniel Lehrman::Heat Diehardfan MJ is the greatest. You may be too young to have watched him play.
Eric Brown::Heat Diehardfan So if he is the greatest ever... do you think the other 29 teams have a purpose besides losing to him? Because if so, might as well tell Jabari Parker and Andrew Wiggins to never expect greatness. Just take the money and go home.
Robert Chanshin Park::Heat win! What a spectacular game by Lebron.
Reeves Cox::Let's go HAWKS! Beat the Heat! Let's keep doin' work as we have for the last while. The BOSS is gonna have to lead us to victory! I believe! Should be a great game!
Dierlain Greem::Boooooooooooooo!  Go HEAT.
Mike Plummer::I shot 84% from the free throw line in high school. Lebron can't even shoot 80%. Sorry, but if I can do something better than Lebron than he CANNOT be the best ever. LMAO.
Alan Ogg::yeah, and you have 4 mvps and 2 rings right?   oh wait.. you were in the Navy...
Mike Plummer::You have about as much intelligence as Alan Ogg had game.
Collin RayRay Munson::Hahahaha this guy has now stated he's better than Lebron...First off, you are and never were under the pressure he is under the big spot light on him every day, even at the foul line. Second, If your that good at the line, then I suppose you can beat Shaq at one on one? Hell no! Your just another Lebron hater and only look at the bad stuff. Me personally can care less of the guy but when someone like you points out every thing he's not perfect at, I will show you some real proof on how much better he his than what you'll ever be. So thank you and have a nice day.
Mike Plummer::Lebron is so concerned with his FG% he only takes lay ups and dunks. I'd be more impressed if he could shoot 80% from the free throw line.
Ryan Richardson::This is the reg. season... Pretty sure LeBron aint focused on that he just tries to get the other guys involved.
Jamie Whittimore::It's obvious that you are not watching the game.  Since LeBron isn't taking "only lay ups and dunks", so go troll on another board.
Mike Plummer::I've watched plenty of games this season. Lebron seems to focused on that %. Sure, it'll look good as he feasts on lousy teams all year but come playoff time defenses will tighten up and it'll be like the Finals all over again. Lebron clanking mid range jumpers and people asking "what happened to his jumper, he shot so well in the regular season."
Tim Rees::11 pictures on espn web, 10 of Heat shooting, 1 of a Hawks rebound. I guess the Heat must be really dominating!
Pete Panagiotopoulos::espn pulled my comment cause they feel the shame of facebook over them!!
Andrew John Feeback::If you're going to call a foul on Carroll for barely grazing Allen's arm, you have to call one when Millsap gets hit a lot harder in the post. Unless of course, you're an NBA official in Miami.
Jonathan James Bresnihan::Meanwhile, Indiana EASILY took care of business. Unlike Miami they don't need help from the refs.
James Wade::refs again? i've seen great stops and offense by the Heat whenever the game is on the line
Peter Vrouhas::Sometimes I feel like writing in this forum, is like playing the "wack-a-mole game. Here we are discussing the Atlanta/ Miami game. And we get another "Neurotic" Indiana Pacer fan spewing some more BS.
George Miche'l Reynolds::Jonathan the refs tried to help the Pacers against the Heat, but the Heat still prevailed.
Andrew John Feeback::David Stern: "Hmm…Pacers won? (picks up phone) Steve, get Miami into overtime, STAT!"
Zee N Jason Farmer::funny how miami can foul on 3s at end but gets fts when reversed
Jordan Martinez::How about Atlanta makes a stop on defense when they're up 7
Tann McKenzie::Then Korver gets thrown into camera man row and no call. The NBA is a joke.
Julie Price::lol he did not get thrown in the camera man. Exaggerate much? Korver couldn't even get up all the way to finish the alley oop.
Jabari Akil::Stop whining. He didn't get thrown.
Jordan Martinez::LOL who throws an alley oop to Korver anyway
Andrew Lipham::ray allen didnt get fouled on the 3 at the end of regulation imo
Stephen W. Morris::Wrong. The replay clearly showed he was hit on the forearm.
Micah Terrell Baker::you did see the no call against the Pacers for the Heat right? The ball was clearly out of Ray's hands before the contact. Shouldn't have been called, but that's it is sometimes.
Peter Vrouhas::C'mon let's get real. The only reason why the Atlanta Hawks stayed in this game, and kept the score close at times. Was due to the abnormal amount of 3 point shots made, that just happened to fall for them. Lets face it, they scored a season high 16 three pointers, for a total of 48 points. Otherwise, the Heat beat them soundly, in every other stat category.
Steve Ungar::Actually, we lost in rebounds 46-44, but that is actually good for us, and they did beat us in fast break points, 9 to 12, but that was because they would foul us on the fast breaks and then whine to the refs that is was a bad call.  they practically tackled chalmers on one play and then acted like the ref was blind.  Hilarious.
Kumar Ve::have you never seen Kyle Korver play ever
Steve Ungar::Kumar Ve Huh?  Who said anything about Korver in this thread?  Haters changing the subject when they lose the regular discussion.
Carter Jackson Camann::Refs lining up at the locker room to get their payments for that 4th quarter.
H.r. Rearden::Boohoo, childish.  LOL
Carter Jackson Camann::H.r. Rearden You either didn't watch the game or you are in the bubble of "the Heat can do no wrong."  That officiating in the 4th was just poor as could be especially in the last minute and a half.
Niki Ali-Brooks::Lol.
Sa'id Cortijo::bosh...4 rebounds in 30 minutes. c'mon man.
Liam Sibson::That's nothing new, lol.  Worst rebounder in the league, Bargnani a close 2nd.  You sure have been asleep for some time.
Sa'id Cortijo::Liam Sibson i'm just echoing my own frustrations
Ugur Altpk::This should be close .  MIAMI - 126 ATLANTA - 34
Marco Velasquez::I assume this is turnovers.
Eric Brown::Miami fans treat the NBA like a joke... but will stop being a Heat fan the moment LeBron retires or leaves the Heat. Comedy.
Matthew Earl::Eric Brown, no seriously, you're an idiot.
Ray Waterman::Go Hawks
Rich Meyers::No way
