Spurs1234567891011::I really like GSW, but let's not get too cocky here. They haven't had a single quality win yet aside from the Nuggets, but I think they are a 7 seed this year.
rickeye369::They beat the Clippers in LA, that's pretty quality no?
stingray4me::Money don't mean squat. Ask the Yankees, Dodgers, Lakers, Angels, and Eagles. All that money spent on no chemistry players
stingray4me::Just like the A's did the Warriors are proving people wrong. It's the year of proving people wrong. The A's, Giants, Notre Dame,Orioles, Ohio St, and possibly even Bobcats.
Cshekari4::sorry but i think golden state will not make the playoffs.. injuries will be their downfall.. just watch
jeff050578::Jarret Jack is one of the best, most underrated back up point guards in the NBA hands down. He is smart, strong, knows how to run the floor and shoots a high %.  The Dubs have a decent bench w/ Landry and Jack and will only have a stronger bench when Bogut gets back and one of the current starters joins them. GO DUBS!!!!!!!!!!!!
MR0908::Dubs are going to compete when Bogut is back.. It, s going to be hard for whoever faces them in tge playoffs.
G_Dubble::The Warriors in first place?!?! WTF?!??
rbaran13::Keep it up dubs. Soon you'll get some recognition
vusani::Tyler Hansborough is useless.
jonh876::i cant wait to get my revenge -chris paul
HH69::Is this April Fools Day?  I can't believe my eyes...Warriors in first?  For this long time Warriors fan, it's been a long time since I was excited about them.  Still a long season to go, but for now it's a great ride.   Keep it up...Go Warriors!
mrkennedy23::Gotta love the bench and the big front court.  They help the Warriors close out and win games.
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Nice win Dubs.
WarriorsWarrior::Rick Majerus great coach  He coached Bogut right?
LakiTiti::wonder what michael doleac is up to these days?
Cappiethedog::More importantly, he recruited Bogut. Too bad the Kansas City tragedy overshadowed Majerus' passing.
kjfern1::Yes he coached Bogut his freshman year.
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::no.. Bogut was there AFTER Majerus left
WarriorsWarrior::Ty
Substantial Sanctions::Great win for the Dubs tonight! 10-6 and sitting pretty at the top of the division. Love it!
DoubleV1369::another night, another quality win for the Warriors, another oversight by ESPN. team is tied for the division lead with the Clippers (read that twice) and to quote Rodney Dangerfield, "I can't get no respect". its alright though. another good win, team playing great. we don't need the headlines. we don't need the hype. Go Warriors. just keep it up, they won't respect until too late.
pimphofoo@yahoo.com::Don't deserve respect until you can win for more than a 16 game stretch lol. Hopefully it's the start of something good, I really wish Rush wasn't hurt.
DoubleV1369::even so, the fact that we are tied for first in the division, without Rush, and mostly without Bogut, is something noteworthy. considering some people had them projected at second to last in the division, with others having them competing for a spot between the 8-10 seeds, the fact that we have started so strong deserves at least a little attention. 'nuff said
angrycali::Giants, Niners, Sharks, Warriors...SF Bay Area 4 Major Sports all winners with more Championships to come...
TOTALBULL..::Sacramento KINGS!!!
oOARaiderOo::And..uh, uh...my Raiders too....right? O__o
dreamhax::im going to have to disagree with you about the niners.
dankchops::You forgot the A's.. Won AL West, should have won series against Detroit.
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::Sharks and Warriors?  That's a stretch
angrycali::Sharks are right there every season so it is possible. Warriors are a long shot. Very possible SF could have atleast 2 Champions this year: Giants &amp; Niners..
StanfordOtter 3.0::Except for the Sharks because the NHL is folding.
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::I remember when Rick Majerus was being sought after for the Warriors gig right before they gave it to Monty
dreamhax::Lol @ the guy saying Klay Thompson is a terrible player.
StanfordOtter 3.0::IKR? At least criticize a guy who WASN'T selected to the USA Olympic Select team.
RickeyHenderson2008::Warriors now in the green on point differential
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::What the h.ell Rick Majerus passed away!?
RickeyHenderson2008::those big macs caught up to him
Luxor922::When are the Warriors supposed to move to SF?
rickeye369::2017 looks like your answer
FriscoWarriors415::2017
StanfordOtter 3.0::2017
Timdiz85::2017
StanfordOtter 3.0::Hard to believe that the W's are outrebounding teams so often without Bogut, but I guess Lee, landry, and ezeli just outwork their opponents.
StanfordOtter 3.0::Yeah the rooks are contributing to the rebounding effort!
Condo Snap::Barnes
Condo Snap::Helps on that front
Timdiz85::don't forget draymond
WarriorsWarrior::DEES GUYS ARE YOUNG TOOO!!!!
HipNip2009::Wow, 10-6.  Is this long suffering Warriors fan dreaming or something?
FriscoWarriors415::Still too early in the season to say. But great start for us!
RickeyHenderson2008::do the warriors think they are showcasing biedrins right now? or are they just giving him thug minutes to foul and beat up people a little bit?
blackholeson0813::could be just 9 mill this year he has a player option after this season if he keeps playing decent he may take it and finally the dubs will be rid of him
DoubleV1369::he NEEDS those thug minutes. gotta up his trade value so we can get something for him at the trade deadline!!
supe540::They're paying him 9 mil this year and 9 mil next year.  They can showcase him all they want, no one will take him this year.
RickeyHenderson2008::he serves his purpose I guess
Condo Snap::They have no choice.
StanfordOtter 3.0::he's giving them quality minutes off the bench and he's one of the two centers they have on the roster with bogut out.
RickeyHenderson2008::yep better him than ezeli draing the fouls
StanfordOtter 3.0::Hey, at least he's taking those fouls and not lee landry or ezeli.
RickeyHenderson2008::5minutes, +3, 3 fouls, your his agent right? If it was hockey he would be called the thug/enforcer
Luxor922::The warriors drafted really well this year. All their rookies are contributing
WarriorsWarrior::Exciting huh! :)
supe540::I'm starting to believe in this team a little bit.
Kit Ramsey::LMAO!!
WarriorsWarrior::Yeah love the d
karelp::Why does Klay Thompson shoot so much?  He always shoots a lousy percentage.
rhoppe28::This cat obviously doesn't know what he's talking about. Klay had 9 rebounds in their last game and 7 rebounds tonight. But he does nothing else on the court besides shoot?? What game were you watching? He's suppose to shoot the ball. He's a shooting gaurd. The Warriors don't win this game without Klay's 22 points. He shot 52% against Denver on Thursday. This is only his 2nd year and he's only gonna get better. One of the worst sg's in the game?? Are you serious?? Get a clue...
HiTekk_::How can you judge a kid no more than 20 games into his second season?
karelp::Shouldn't be shooting so much...I don't care how long he's been playing.
RickeyHenderson2008::it will come along eventually
StanfordOtter 3.0::He's the "shooting" guard
karelp::The point is, if someone is going to be as inefficient as Klay, he'd better do something else on the court.
karelp::12.6 shots to get 18.2 points...a tad more efficient, don't you think?
StanfordOtter 3.0::You know who averaged a 21-3-3 with similar career percentages?  Reggie Miller. Dude considered one of the better shooting guards of all time.
karelp::23 shots, 20 pts tonight, and 15.1 shots, 15.4 pts for the season...really efficient.  Oh, and let's not forget his 4 rebs, 2 asst, 0.5 steals per game...what a stud!
StanfordOtter 3.0::Uh huh, does nothing else on the court unlike his 7 rebounds today... shoots a bad % unlike a 40% from 3 career.
karelp::Dude's a terrible player...shoots for a low percentage and does nothing else on the court.  They must think he's as good as his father was.
StanfordOtter 3.0::Right, that's why he got invited to the USA Olympic Select team and why he shot 40% from 3 last year.
karelp::...and one of the worst ones in the NBA.
HiTekk_::its his job to shoot
karelp::Certainly, they have someone who can shoot a higher percentage.  Warriors always draft guys like him...that's why they're one of the worst teams in the NBA the last 20 years.
Luxor922::Pretty good sports year so far for the Bay Area
oOARaiderOo::Hey! Lay off my Raiders. lol give us some time to rebuild this thing.
rhoppe28::@FriscoWarriors415- Uh, the A's had a pretty good season. They won the AL WEST. The Warriors ownership is not gonna change the name to San Francisco Warriors. Sorry, but Lacob already said it'll remain Golden State being that they're a Bay Area team. They don't just rep one city. They rep the whole Bay.
FriscoWarriors415::Its niners, giants, warriors. Then A's, raiders. Cant wait till warriors move to sf. Hopefully they take the name san francisco warriors also
elakiri::yeah, Raiders are doing great !!
karelp::The Ghost of Al Davis is haunting them.
supe540::In Kaepernick we trust!
FriscoWarriors415::@luxor922 You guys can pick up alex smith next year and get rid of rivers
Luxor922::Yeah he's looked pretty sweet. It's been rough being a Charger fan lol..
outkastD::good $@%! dubs!
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_::I wonder how the Warriors will play the Grizzlies next time around, they seemed impossible to beat
FriscoWarriors415::I think the warriors would need bogut to beat the grizzlies. All around great team. Hard to beat them
StanfordOtter 3.0::The grizzlies are a great team, definitely top 3 in the west. we'll see how that shakes down. if the W's play them tough or beat them on the road then we will know this team is for real.
WarriorsWarrior::Let's not get carried away.
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_::exactly
HiTekk_::Pacers look lost without Danny
Kit Ramsey::Please, Granger sucks, if that is what u are trying to make excuses for, then your sad.
JWiLLgsw::Good to see winning games. GO Warriors. GG Pacer fans.
espnmb123::why is bogut always squinting?
RickeyHenderson2008::if you came from a country with 9 of the 10 most poisonous snakes you would learn to squint focus a lot too
supe540::Aussies are like that.
StanfordOtter 3.0::Better start than the We Believe team!
dsphillips100::We believe playoff team was the 06-07 season they went 0-6 starting the 07-08 season.  But they still finished 48-34. Which is the warriors record in the past 16 years but they still didnt make the playoffs
outkastD::no they didnt. they went 0-6 during the 07-08 year
outkastD::stephen jackson. was suspended by the league for the first 6 games lol which lead them to 0-6 in the beginning of the season.
StanfordOtter 3.0::No, in their first 16 games they went 9-7, first 6 they went 3-3
sconn872::Paul George did not score 30 minutes on the floor
rjb9rc::I think he went 0-6...maybe more...missed some open shots, didn't really look to make plays going to the basket...
tgreeson80::Sad man.  A guy has gifted as that should NEVER be shut out.
rjb9rc::yeah, he's not ready to be anything more than a 3rd option...
tgreeson80::I think he CAN be a second option, was at times last year...but i hear ya...
HiTekk_::i really hope once Bogut comes back he'll actually contribute and not mess up our rotation.
couturefan39::Curry-Thompson-barnes-Dlee-Bogut for starting 5...easily top 10 in league And have Landry and Jack come off the bench...  This is one of the best Warriors teams they have put together in YEARS...LEGGO DUBS!!
RickeyHenderson2008::biedrins is still getting on the floor right now, Bogut won't mess up our rotation
royhibbertgoodkisser@yahoo.com::am i pissed we lost? yes. but sometimes a team is just hot and golden state was BLAZING. gg g state
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::Haha that kid got that smelly a.ss jersey
tgreeson80::GG Warrior fans.  Love your guys core.  Good luck to you, you guys looks like a solid playoff team.
FriscoWarriors415::good game! Glad granger wasnt in because he always kills us. But I hope he gets better quick!
supe540::TY
tgreeson80::*look
leo9212::Good game Golden State just couple of years ago everyone thought you guys were a joke. But glad to see your team improved and when Bogut comes back you guys should be even better
WarriorsWarrior::Thanks man!
WarriorsWarrior::Goodgame Ind
_Neanderthal Hipster 2.0_::Jarrett Jack - sound bloke :)
RickeyHenderson2008::odd that Bollinger isn't around to offer congrats for the warriors?
xx3825::The Warriors are for real. That building will be rocking in the playoffs.
JZ I loathe ESPN Alvarado::Imagine if Don Nelson was coaching this lineup.  It would be probably a Curry, Thompson, Jack, Lee, Landry  in the 4th WITH about 130 points scored
Timdiz85::GG Pacers! You'll prolly whup us at your place
SB4LlFE::W's keep outrebounding teams!!
WarriorsWarrior::1st place warriors fans?   Haha! Yeah baby
supe540::GG Pacers fans.  See you down the road.
Luxor922::Nice win Warriors
