Free Alec Burks Returns::I love when people say "how the hell did hayward score 20 points" after he burns their team every game
Nyghtewynd::PLAY BLAKE AHEARN!
THE TEEGEMAN::How in the hell did the Jazz win and how did Hayward score 29pts...
toobigyo20::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUoWE0JTOY4  -- looks like he can be pretty aggressive to me
Josh4Jazz::then answer your own question... if all that is true about hayward, how the hell did he score 29 points?
7BAUGHLLIN7::Oh for those of you that dont seem to know.. Gordo is one of the best yoing players in the nba.. Jazz r fighting for the playoffs
scow79::Obviously you haven't watched Hayward in the last 2 months bc he is one of the best young players in the NBA.   In the past two months he's been averaging nearly 17 ppg.   You don't do that by not being aggressive.  And since when does angry = good in the NBA?   I'd much rather a player play within his abilities and under control than angry and out of control.
THE TEEGEMAN::Gordo is on of the best young players in the NBA...r u s h i t t i n g me!  Gordon is one of the most wannabe's in the league.  He is the most non aggressive players I have ever seen.  He never takes it to the hoop with any authority.  Does he ever get angry?  Does he ever play angry, with any sort of passion.  I DONT SEE IT.  I wish they would bench him and play Kanter.
7BAUGHLLIN7::What is haywards career high in pts? I remember it was against denver..
UtahQuad::It was 34 but yes it was against Denver in the last game of the year last season. Just before that he had put up 31 at the Lakers I believe, he had 3 games in a row there that were career highs in the last 3 games of the 2010-11 season.
scow79::Yep, you're correct Sir.   He got it against Denver.   My mistake.      He scored 22 against the Lakers, and 19 against the Kings two night before, both at the time were career highs.   Those were a little more than a week before the final game of the season though.  The Laker game I remember everyone going wild bc he had that dunk on Kobe.   Probably why I thought it was against the Lakers he scored 34.
scow79::It was 34 and it was against Kobe last year
tydnorton::34
BYUsux45::Didn't see this win coming.  Wish Alec Burks and Kanter would have got more minutes.  9 players dressed last night and they only get 11 minutes?
scow79::Yeah Burks was getting burned by Lowry.   Really hope he can figure out the defensive end.   He's not a very good man defender.
NYeltigre::they both sucked balls last night. Thats why. And Carroll and Hayward played awesome
phunky58::the real white mamba resides in utah
drummergirl22000::Amazing how well the Jazz can play without Miles going 2 for 10 And his stupid assed turnovers and fouls!!
mcshumway::Not too worried about the injuries now.  The young guns (Hayward, Favors and Burks) have the talent, and they've been getting the experience.  It can be harder to manage a large rotation of players, and trying to get everyone their minutes sometimes just ruins the flow and hurts the team.
c0deman420::Favors is a beast in the paint &amp; he's getting more comfortable with the mid range jumpers. He will be Jeffersons' replacement &amp; an all star in the next 2 yrs.
1ooclicck::mchale once again you let your pride get to you.. why not play camby and dalembert at the same time
THE TEEGEMAN::Holy s h i t!  The Jazz won.  And how in the h e l l did Hayward score 29pts...did the world stop spinning on its axis..Has the tide come in?  Come on, someone tell me how the hell it happened!
Jazzgoob::Because the jazz are better than the bull crap Rockets.
NashvilleBulldog28::Gordon Hayward is good.  That's how it happened.
yeahgodisgood2me::I found a betting system a few months back called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 2 months straight now following this system. I discovered this system by googling the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone that is looking for a system that actually works. There is a reason this system is all over Google as highly rated, it works
MormonGangster::http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhDi0Ce_Z5w  Remember this. Ah good times. :)
CandySparker::Cheers Splash Gordan!
Free Alec Burks Returns::Hayward scored 29 but he only took 14 shots. How did he do that?  - Kobe
lamriverside13::Andrew Bynum 30 rebounds game, what is he trying to do at the end?????????????? shooting a damn 3?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBu-VdoXaiQ
tcrisis::Haha Metta's buzzer beating 3 pointer in that game reminds me of my churchball team.   http://scores.espn.go.com/nba/recap?gameId=320411024  @0:25  CHUCK IT UP
ATL Bravos_do it for bobby::i dunno 'bout you guys, but i'm kinda glad about the players that got injured. before that, i wasn't pleased with corbins rotations and now he is being forced to use combinations of players that i woulda used all along. and he can't keep favors on the bench for 28-30 minutes a game!  and i mean, look at the players that got injured: cj, raja, howard. these were our team killers. and watson was sucking recently and so now tinsley is getting to play.
StocktonToMalone 3::Hayward last 5 games  18 pts 4 assists 5 reb 1 steal .544 fg% .444 3pt%
Eric62748::The Jazz win...even though the warriors lost all the teams directly below them lost too! Win Win...too bad Denver won.
StocktonToMalone 3::I know, good all around night for the jazz. Too bad Denver won.
Sci-Flyer::Remember kids, arguing on the internet is like competing in the special olympics; even if you win, you're still $@%!$@%!.
nbanbanba12332::Who said white boys  can't ball
lll__::larry bird?
Eric62748::I guess he was alright! lol
Eric62748::I guess they haven't seen John Stockton, Jeff Hornacek, and Gordon Hayward play basketball!!!
Eric62748::oh and i forgot....ADAM KEEFE!!!
tcrisis::Jazz are so much better than the rockets
2noodlekaboodle::@DCOODY Don't tell me you wouldn't trade Dragic, Morris, Patterson and Parsons for Hayward, Favors, Kanter and Burks. Straight up I would take the Jazz's young talent over Houstons.
dcoody::Thats funny they said the same thing about a rebuilding year for the Rockets..... and they have a better record. go figure
tcrisis::I don't think a team's record means everything. I think that the Jazz have WAY MORE potential than the Rockets, and that is why I say they are better team. For heaven's sake, this was supposed to be a rebuilding year and look what they turned it in to. Jeterz, you're a pessimistic Jazz fan and I don't like your attitude
cutnshoot1985::They're about equally matched...a roster full of championship calber players, deep bench, no major star.  Utah is our enemy rival also.  Damn we just missed some shots
lll__::he is out of shape.
Jeterz_Never_Prosper::Why did Lowry not start?
Jeterz_Never_Prosper::I wouldn't say that. They have a better record than us........
Jeterz_Never_Prosper::Technically they're 1 1/2 games better than us, which is enough to keep us out of the playoffs.
operaman86::We have beat them two of three times this year. And their record is only a GAME AND A HALF better than ours is. They are not any better than we are.
dmcmorris08::Yeah it would be so crazy if they make it! No one would have ever thought they would be in the playoffs this year!  And you never know once you get in, especially with our home court advantage, i dont think any other team wants to play in utah in the playoffs
Jeterz_Never_Prosper::Yeah, that's true. Our home crowd is intense!
Jeterz_Never_Prosper::I think that's a mistake a lot of teams make in the NBA. I mean, everyone in the NBA is there for a reason.
Jeterz_Never_Prosper::I agree, bro. I would love to see this team in the playoffs. I don't think we are good enough to win a series yet, but I do think we could surprise some people.
operaman86::Me too. The Jazz know the magnitude of the remaining games on their schedule and there is no way we lay another egg in New Orleans.
dmcmorris08::True that I think they showed tonight they are hungry for the playoffs, i would be very surprised if they turned right around and layed an egg in NO
Jeterz_Never_Prosper::Yeah, I can understand that. But given the circumstances we're in right now, I think we will be alright.
dmcmorris08::Yeah I think its hard to get up for every game so its natural to take it easy against the bad teams
dmcmorris08::They lost in the NO last time so hopefully they will come in with a different attitude this time!
Jeterz_Never_Prosper::I hope so.
operaman86::Let's also remember that we played New Orleans the first time on our back-to-back-to-back set this year. This time, however, we get a day's rest between games. I think we come out much better prepared than we were the last time and we take it to the Hornets! I say the Jazz win comfortably by about 10 or so points.
Real_Salt Lake::Come on Warriors!
operaman86::I'm totally watching the game right now, too! However, it doesn't really matter which team wins or loses. Even if Golden State finishes with the 8th worst record in the league (meaning that we get their pick), we still wouldn't get it if the Warriors get lucky in the lottery.
Eric62748::you guys sure that's how it works? or is it that they finish 8th worst and the JAzz could get lucky and move up with their pick???
dmcmorris08::Its true you never know how things can shake up, even if they end up with the 8th spot they could still get lucky
utahraiderfan::GS is purposely trying to lose
operaman86::They do. That is why they have the lottery. All having the worst record in the league guarantees you is a TOP FOUR PICK, not the #1 overall pick like in the NFL or Major League Baseball. The Warriors aren't guaranteed their pick unless they finish with AT LEAST the 4th worst record in the league (meaning that they could get no worse than the 7th pick in the lottery if three teams from behind them in the standings get lucky and move into the top 3). Beings that they will NOT finish with one of the four worst records, there is no real incentive for them to lose because they aren't guaranteed ANYTHING by doing so. There is no way that they are going to finish with a worse record than Charlotte, Washington, New Orleans, or Sacramento.
dmcmorris08::I know its freaking annoying, i wish they would punish teams for sucking
Eric62748::game over. :(
dmcmorris08::Its sad when we have to put our trust in the warriors to actually win.
Real_Salt Lake::2K12 better raise Hayward's rating
Jan Itor1::Yea 2K12 has a habit of sending Hayward down to the D-League on my game, gets annoying.
ShadysShakinBake25::Gordon reminds me of Dirk. Versatile and crafty!
scow79::Yeah, but they're both white.    My argument trumps everything you just said.
Eric62748::They are completely different players. COMPLETELY different. Hayward is freakishly athletic and is an incredible ball handler and passer for his size. Dirk can't do that. Hayward also needs his feet set and his shoulders square to the basket to shoot. Dirk can make a bunch of off balanced shots. Dirk is a deadly shooter...Hayward has his on and off nights shooting!  Hayward is becoming more and more consistent though! I'm excited to see him progress as a player
mikeisildur::Except Gordon is athletic.
ShadysShakinBake25::Gordo Hayward was balling tonight and dished out 6 dimes! I got Flash Gordon's Autograph a few days back. Really classy guy!
dmcmorris08::Remember when the houston fans chanted utah sucks....and then utah beat em!?!? Haha, man that was awesome!!
Jazzgoob::Houston fans= No class.
operaman86::They always seem to do that when they play us.
dmcmorris08::Yeah they must be jealous.
Jazzfan876::If the Jazz end the season 5-2 then I think they will make the playoffs.  Anything worse and they probably won't.  This means that Dallas, Denver, or Houston needs to finish 4-4 or worse.  It's likely that one of those 3 teams will do that based on the fact that all 3 teams are only a little bit above .500.
wheelswashere::more like who would be left out? jazz own tie breakers with denver/houston but not the mavs
Jazzgoob::I think Dallas would be 7th and we would be 8th.
operaman86::How crazy would it be if the Jazz, Denver, Houston, and Dallas all end the season @ 36-30? Who would have the tie-breakers in that scenario?
wheelswashere::^ Agree. Denver and houston have extremely difficult schedules the rest of the way....  and they play each other twice, jazz own tie breakers with both teams
operaman86::Oh yeah, that's right. Our win over Houston tonight gave us the tie-breaker over them because we won the season series 2-1. I totally forgot that. The magnitude of the win tonight is absolutely unbelievable!
operaman86::Here are the remaining schedules for Dallas, Denver, and Houston plus my predictions for each game:  Dallas: @ Golden State W @ Portland W @ Lakers L @ Utah L vs. Houston W vs. Golden State W @ Chicago L @ Atlanta L  Denver: @ LA Lakers L vs. Houston W @ Houston L vs. LA Clippers L @ Phoenix L vs. Orlando W @ Oklahoma City L @ Minnesota W  Houston: vs. Phoenix W @ Denver L vs. Denver W @ Dallas L @ New Orleans W vs. Golden State W @ Miami L vs. New Orleans W  That would make Houston 37-29, Dallas 36-30, and Denver 35-31. If we make it to 36 wins, we would make the playoffs as the #8 seed (Dallas owns the tie-breaker over us).
Josh4Jazz::and the fact they all play each other a lot and have a very tough schedule against other difficult teams. I think dallas also has 6 of its last 8 games on the road
mikeisildur::Gordon Hayward rules.  End of story.
Hayward4President::Houston and Denver have a back-to-back coming up. A win-win for Jazz if they can pull off some road games.
operaman86::Which we should be able to. Our final three road games are against New Orleans (should be a win), Memphis (likely loss even though we have already won in Memphis this season), and Portland (should be a win). Realistically, the Jazz are good enough to win all of the remaining games on their schedule if they play up to their potential. Houston has an incredibly difficult schedule left, as their next four games are all against Western Conference Playoff Contenders while also still having to play in Miami. I'll say it right now: if the Jazz make it to 36 wins, we make the playoffs.
Jazzfan876::Agreed.  36 wins is the magic number.
Sports fan 26::6. Dallas 32-26 7. Houston 32-26 8. Denver 32-26 9. Jazz 31-28 10. Suns 30-28  Gonna come down to the last game.
cutnshoot1985::sports fan 26, like what you said.  Htown need continue hustlin or they will end up in the basement 3rd yr straight
Eric62748::it's insane!!! Jazz have the easiest schedule i think!
lll__::jazz have the 3rd hardest schedule left in the west
Masai Ujiri::wrong board lol
Jeterz_Never_Prosper::It will be epic if the Jazz make the playoffs.
lause11::it's good.
Doc Emmett L Brown::"Tough D means fries free. Hawdees" - Kawl Malone
adam_keefe_fan_forever::I liked the fried chicken, but it wasn't great.
BarkBarkForPig::Minny only down 3 against the nugs!
adam_keefe_fan_forever::TIED
Eric62748::minny won...dang it!!!
adam_keefe_fan_forever::now 5. damn
adam_keefe_fan_forever::2
PTSup20::yeeeeeaaaahhhhh!!!
AceyUT::GO JAZZ!!!!!
BarkBarkForPig::ahahha yeah what the hell?
AceyUT::lol it just reappeared.  wtf is espn doing.. lol
Jeterz_Never_Prosper::Great win for the Jazz! Keepin' our playoff hopes alive!
adam_keefe_fan_forever::Look at Minny only down 4!
damn334::gordon hayward after the win on ktxh 20 in utah talking about the win tonight and staying in the playoff race http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-M4XB8JyUc&amp;feature=channel&amp;list=UL
nastorga801::I'm out. Good win for the Jazz to keep the hopes alive! Good game Houston.
PTSup20::Minnesota is coming back against denver only down 9 after three!
BarkBarkForPig::By the way, Damian Lillard is coming from Weber State in UTAH who will be a top 10 pick this year
Sci-Flyer::Hayward is developing his three-shooting. Kendall makes everyone on the floor better. I also really like Jeremy Lamb as a shooter and scorer. If the Jazz can lose CJ and gain Kendall Marshall and Jeremy Lamb from the draft next season, they'd be the three seed in the west by 2014.
BarkBarkForPig::i posted this for the guy who said all sports suck in Utah
AceyUT::epic comment of the night.
AceyUT::jazz should draft kendall marshall from unc.. better passer..  but lilliard can shoot too..
Doc Emmett L Brown::Marshall would be a train wreck because the Jazz need a guy who can shoot in the back court, desperately.
PTSup20::I think portland will get him before us unfortunately
PTSup20::The jazz should trade up if they need to
BarkBarkForPig::i saw a mock draft had Portland taking him at 7... damn. i would hate that
bobbydagreat::Yeah, I agree, there is no need to compare Houston to Utah....of course they don't have many sports teams, the state has nearly a third the population of the greater Houston area. If any smack is talked it should be because the Rockets are going to be in the playoffs and the Jazz are going to stay at home despite their victory tonight.
olwildcory723::The Jazz don't view Houston as a rival. But I'm pretty sure Houston views the Jazz as a rival after all the playoff losses at the hands of the jazz.
nastorga801::Actually for the little sports teams that we have, we've been pretty damn successful here in Utah. Rep that small market!
operaman86::Heck yes we are! Real Salt Lake is the best team in Major League Soccer this year. Utah Utes Football should be in the Top 25 all season long and we could win the Pac-12 South (we host USC). The Jazz are a highly-talented team that is better than their record says that they are. We could likely upset one of the higher seeds in the Western Conference if we make the playoffs with the overall talent that we have. We won by 12 points tonight in Houston (who had won four straight road games) without C.J. Miles (9.1 ppg), Raja Bell, Earl Watson, Josh Howard (8.7 ppg), AND Jeremy Evans (NBA Slam Dunk Champion).
BarkBarkForPig::yeah, Utah isn't a place known for sports but we still have pretty good pro teams, so why talk sh.it?
bobbydagreat::For the record, I called the trap game before it started if you were around then.
BarkBarkForPig::yeah you nailed it. everyone was talking about how the Jazz were gonna get blown the $@%! out
Adrianch01::A minor celebration by saying, " The Rockets suck" " They don't deserve to be a playoff team" etc etc....
bobbydagreat::I know that, but it is obviously a sore spot so it's kind of funny to see you guys over-react.
nastorga801::A lot of this cockiness is due to all the $@%! being talked by Houston fans BEFORE the game and how they were going to kill Utah. Every team has this cockiness. If Houston won, then the boards would be full of Houston fans talking $@%!.
BarkBarkForPig::who's being cocky right now? the Jazz just beat the Rockets who just won 4 in a row on the road right? and the Jazz usually suck on the road. what's not to be happy about? you're mistaking a minor celebration for cockiness.
nastorga801::Because more than half of us aren't Mormon and people bring up religion to troll.
AceyUT::and rockets fans shouldnt be butthurt over one loss.
Adrianch01::I'm not saying  the Jazz didn't deserve the win. Just stating a point that the Utah fans in general shouldn't be cocky over one win..
bobbydagreat::LOL, I just brought up the Mormon thing because you guys always over react to it.
BarkBarkForPig::yeah, it's annoying when people bring in other factors to talk sh.it about. avoiding the topic of the game tonight, which THE JAZZ WON
bobbydagreat::The reason is because the Jazz and Rockets are, and have been rivals for a very long time.
eh0589::Extremely disappointed in how the roster was used tonight. We continually were getting beat inside (52 points in the paint), yet we stuck with a small lineup. Should have gone with both Camby and Dalembert to establish a presence inside and force them to the perimeter where our defense is pretty good.
PTSup20::It's wasn't all your defense, the jazz are one of the best in the league in points in the paint
eh0589::yeah they are one of the best at it, which is why we needed both our centers in there who are good a shot blocking. I mean, the refs were hardly calling anything for both teams all night so they could be a little more physical then normal.
bobbydagreat::Yeah but Scola is extremely soft and he was getting pushed around all night long. He shouldn't be in the game against physical players.
Adrianch01::That's what I was saying....No he wanted Scola in there...
JAMIRIAN111::Rockets shot like $@%!. Took a vacation at the 3 point line..Worst shooting game of the year . Jazz stole one.
Adrianch01::Utah is not even considered a sports state....Nothing to brag about over there..
Darkflame07::We have the jazz and real salt lake.....so what? Your team loses the game and you go to "how many pro sports teams does your state have" smack? Pathetic.
BarkBarkForPig::Nice use of the edit tool. Aren't you just making this loss even more embarrassing by saying Utah isn't a sports state? The Rockets just lost to a team from a "non-sports" state. dumba.ss
nastorga801::Yeah, I seen that too haha.
nastorga801::So Houston just lost to a team that isn't even considered to be a team? So that makes Houston what then?
JAMIRIAN111::young and inexpereinced
BarkBarkForPig::so what does that make the rockets?
AceyUT::you have a football team that couldnt beat southern miss to get to the bcs.. utah has been there twice. and won both.
nastorga801::If our quarterback position is as solid as we hope, then it'll be a helluva lot better than a top 25. I'm not gonna sit here and talk them up when no one knows before a season how good their team will be.
BarkBarkForPig::HAHA. ok you can just go cry yourself to sleep now, don't forget to drink your warm milk
Adrianch01::Top 25? That's it? Utah fans (in general) are cocky for a state that sucks in mostly every sport.
BarkBarkForPig::not to mention the past 25 years of consistency, for the most part
AceyUT::RSL is supposed to win the cup AGAIN this year...  i think RSL is a bit better than above average..  the jazz, give it 3 years and they will be playing for a title.  espcially if favors and hayward are still around.
BarkBarkForPig::i know :/ and they haven't been around half as long. shame
nastorga801::You didn't say professional, so watch the University of Utah football team this year. They're going to be top 25.
vergatease::Real has one thing the Jazz don't though.
BarkBarkForPig::Jazz, Real Salt Lake. that's the only pro teams we have here and they're both above average teams
Adrianch01::Utah as a state...Name 3 good teams..
BarkBarkForPig::*Insert comment about Mormons here*  it's like a reflex for trolls after they lose to the Jazz.
TskeTch33::no kidding! Its like they think its an insult lol when the jazz probably have more fans who arent mormon
GoTmJazz52::Ha.. Ha  Rockets shut ya down! Way to go Gordon Hayward!!  "Jazz Team"
