George Chip Thayer::Love how the Pacers have built this team.   Best wishes in tonight's game and good luck going deep in the playoffs.  Let's Go Cavaliers!
Roger Boyd::Bottom line: It doesn't matter how you win, just that you do. Everyone else in the league is looking up at Indiana in the standings now and will be in June when the Pacers hoist the Larry O'Brien Trophy.
Zee N Jason Farmer::eugene levy it'll be tough to keep #1 seed i've watched miami been bailed out of 4 games this year and i don't watch many heat games
Alan Ogg::2k14 is wonderful. you can even meet the man in the oval office . great imagination.  Heat 2014.
Ed DeSalle::Heat in 6 over Pacers if they even meet! Pacers will probably be Eliminated before the East Finals! LMAO!
Taylor Manes::Stfu...the heat are lucky to make t to the finals...teams like the suns,trail blazers can eliminate y'all..don't flatter yourself you lost to two of the worst teams in the nba bulls and the kings...and almost lost to the raptors...your team struggle s against defense first teams, that's a fact..
Ed DeSalle::Taylor Manes You almost lost to CRAPPY Cleveland tonight dumb Azz!
Kyle White::Ed DeSalle You guys have no answer for Hibbert. If he doesn't get into foul trouble you will lose in 6.
Will Bernanke::THIS IS WHY THE PACERS WILL NEVER EVER WIN A TITLE,  THEY CANT SCORE!!!  MOST INEPT OFFENSE IN THE LEAGUE!!!
Philip Tarrant::Actually, the most average offense in the league this year. Riding right around 14th in points per 100 poss.
Trevor Hennington::Apparently you've never seen the Bulls play
Kyle White::Defense wins championships anyway, so as long as we keep teams below 90 like we have done numerous times this year then we dont have to score so much.
Matt Crampton::Whew..Pacers looked good for only 8/48 mins..lucky 2 get that W
Kyle White::So we weren't watching the same game then. We aren't lucky to get the W because we were the better team, we are lucky that we didn't lose ourselves the game for giving up that 16 point lead. We played decent ball throughout the night besides getting whooped on offensive boards and letting the Cavs go on that run in the 4th.
Jody George Prats::Pacers are nowhere close to the Heaters!
Kyle White::Yeah the fact that the Heat have no answer for Hibbert and Pacers are 1 1/2 games up on them makes this statement completely true. Don't you Heat fans have someone else to troll then a Pacers message board?
Ed DeSalle::Kyle White See Playoff history! Pacers BLOW!
Kyle White::Ed DeSalle We've advanced one step further every single year the past 3 years in the playoffs. The NBA is a "what have you done for me lately" type of league. You referencing past performances have nothing to do with this year. Heat have added pieces and so have the Pacers so they are two totally different teams then last year.
Charles Simpson-Brown::funniest ending ever
Edo Kajan::George Hill needs to be benched absolute GARBAGE,start Watson or Donald Sloan
Zee N Jason Farmer::watson 0-6
Zack Schooler::Sometimes, I really do think people don't watch the games. Watson at least has an argument, to start, there is absolutely no argument for Sloan to get minutes over GH
Scott Hall::Zack Schooler He says the same thing after every game
Kyle White::Are we going to make it 3 straight games keeping the Cavs under 80 points? I think so, and that's why you don't need to score a lot when you keep a team under 80. 81 points will win you the game! Defense - the other, overlooked, aspect of Basketball apparently.
Ryan Byrne::The Magic and Nets held us to scores like that. Don't get too excited
Randall L Lockdall::Pacers have the fifth best record in the NBA on the road (10-5) and are closely followed by Toronto.  Cleveland has a pretty good record at Home (9-7) but the worst road record in the NBA.  This could theoretically and statistically be considered a good game.
Ross Swingle::While Cleveland has the ability to be a pretty good team, 9-7 at home is dang near awful. They are one loss (assuming losing a W) from a .500 record at home. I guess in comparison to the rest of the Eastern Conference, anything over .500 is admirable outside of Indy and Miami. That said, Cleveland with Irving is actually a decent team. However, he was ruled out for tonight. Lets see if his replacement can do what he couldn't do last week when he had just 10 points. They had better find an answer for Hibbert as well or force him into foul trouble - a tough feat without their starting PG to draw fouls.
David Glickfield IV::Mike brown is the worst coach ever. He hasn't drawn up one good out of bounds play yet this year. He wasted our last timeout after calling one. Horrible coach
Ryan Byrne::I love when people predict blowouts. It's the NBA. You never know. Cavs defense has been good since Kyrie went out. Offense terrible.
Will Bernanke::THIS IS WHY THIS TEAM IS NOT A CHAMPIONSHIP TEAM,  PACERS CANT SCORE,  THEY ARE COMPLETELY INEPT ON OFFENSE,  HEAT WILL TOY WITH THEM IN THE PLAYOFFS!
Kyle White::Oh no you again spouting off about there is only one aspect of basketball. There's a thing called defense so stop re-posting the same thing troll lmao
Jonah Swidan::Sadly, you cant fix stupid.   Heat lost to the Celtics, Nets, Kings, so whats your point?
Peter Knowe::as the Cavs think about tanking this year with Irving hurt and no hope of winning, why not play the younger players and just tank??get a  better draft pick
Jonathan Lionel Goodberry::Peter, I'm all with you. Check out my post on taking on a rental player like gasol
Jonathan Lionel Goodberry::Let's hope DNA Gilbert fires Chris grant if Chris grant makes a deal for a rental player. I'm all for a top 4 pick in this draft!!!! EMBIID HERE WE COME
Jason Vu::lakers are delusional thinking that the cavs will give them either waiters or varejao or a 1st round pick in addition to bynum...
Gary Bo::How long are the Pacers going to make us suffer with Granger.  Please trade him..and SOON!!!!
Scott Hall::clueless
Kent Hiquet::Yea get rid of that double digit scorer off the bench, what a waste.
Gary Bo::Kent Hiquet ..that double digit scorer is already putting up 2-3 more shots(bricks) a game than George, while play 15+ minutes less per game.  He can't attack the rim, never could. The offensive efficiency of the Pacers has been on a sudden steady decline since he started playing again.
Arqenii's Fernández::Cavs don't even have a chance on this one.. No Irving; No Jack; this is going to be one of the biggest Blowouts of the season lol
Ryan Byrne::wrong
Peter Knowe::No Jack and No Irving, no point guard for Cavs, how will they score against best defense in league tonight??  blow out
Ryan Byrne::wrong
Randy Dixon::This is the team that's gonna take the East lol yeah righttttttt...no irving no jack and you blow a 16 point lead lol
Trevor Hennington::Idiot logic, that's like saying with the Heat losing to Boston, Sacramento, and Detroit they have no shot at winning the title.  All teams have bad games.
Jonah Swidan::Trevor Hennington lol great point.   Sadly you can't fix stupid like Randy D
Gary Bo::Granager sucks..over his return to the team..trade him..ball stops to much.
Peter Knowe::knew this would be ugly, but wow, Pacers start slowly still lead lol, Cavs jacking 3's all night
Ryan Byrne::wrong
Terence Randolph::Tough loss, but at least Clark and Gee killed it! Cavs are pretty dominant at the three...
Peter Knowe::Cavs kill the boards in first half almost double that of the Pacers, reason score is close
Greg Levine::Mike brown really dialed up the coaching and play calling that last 30 seconds
