Kyle Cage Moore::13-1. Say whatever the hell you want....you play the teams on your schedule and if you get Ws you dont complain about it. 13-1 is 13-1. If you dont think that is pretty impressive and you dont think this group of players as constructed has a great chance to do big things this year then you are a hater and/or you havent even watched them play a game.
Jose Klatter::Still haven't seen a convincing victory over a really good team. The only good one beat you guys to a pulp. Now they lost their best player, which just makes Heat and Pacers for the gold again.
Benny Thai Tran::Jose Klatter Pacers beat Chicago when they play them with Rose the first time.  Series is 1-1 buddy.
Jose Klatter::Benny Thai Tran But the beat down, who got beat senseless? Yes, you know the answer. Lets wait until the playoffs to get excited okay? Bye now.
Herb Williams::Has anyone noticed that in every recap by espn so far that they always bring up stupid reasons as to why the opposing team loses against the pacers? Tonight the reason is that the timberwolves were shorthanded... give me a break! The pacers are a hell of a team and deserve the respect of a great team. Stop making excuses for the losing teams already!! Go Pacers!
Brian Pence::I am a Pacers fan but the article you reference is from the wire most likely written by the AP. Just pointing out ESPN had nothing to do with the text in the article. I hate when Indiana people play the disrespect card when it is not even close to being there.
Mark Randy Myers::Brian Pence did the mention we were without one of the top players in the Country and have been all season?
Lindsay Crampton::F*ck all the haters saying We have a soft schedule..We are just playing our schedule and winning..at least We didnt fall apart in the closing seconds & loose to the Celtics..Pacers/Thunder finals this yr
Edo Kajan::Thunder will not get pass the Spurs or the #improved Blazers team.Spurs only loss was to the Blazers,and don't forget Miami is the team to beat in the East.and in the finals.I know they, have a roster full of Superstars,they flop and cry for the foul calls but they still win as a team.It sucks for the East Rose went down they will suck even more now
Lindsay Crampton::Just making a prediction..Im just hoping Spurs dont make it to the finals, as that is Indys only competition..you heard right Miami
Lance Baldwin::Edo if I recall the last fully healthily thunder team in the playoffs beat the Spurs with ease. And the Blazers.... Come on man. The Thunder owns them in all aspects of the game if they meet in the playoffs.
Christopher Norris::I guess the Bulls aren't our rivals.
Scott Hall::13-1
Daniel Roberts::I know it's very early in the season, but Paul George is the early frontrunner for MVP.  He's becoming my favorite player to watch.
Jacob Sharar::It's incredibly sad that the nick name "Iceman" is already taken. It would fit PG's smoothness mixed with cold blooded killer perfectly.
Mitch Robinson::Jacob Sharar If he keeps it up, MVPG has a nice ring to it...
Jacob Sharar::Mitch Robinson That's a good one, I honestly hadn't heard that before, props. There are a few good ones out there... Mega Man because he's always got new abilities every time you see him, The Fresh Prince, King George.. he seems to like that last one.
Terry Hutchison::hey kyle, 13 and 1  and hopefuly home court.  sounds good!!!!!
Martin William Levine::Tough game for the Pacers at home tonight for a 3rd game in 4 nights. It will be interesting to see how Vogel tries to match up Love, especially out at the perimeter. We may not have an answer. Would like to see Lance play well on K-Mart and Roy on Peko. Can't let them have big games. Need the bench to show tonight also. Good to see Robbie Hummel back in Indy. Great to see him running well and giving the Wolves good minutes after all the knee troubles.
Zack Schooler::I'm kinda expecting Lance to be on Brewer, and them to put Paul on Kevin Martin for at least some of the game. Whenever we play a shooter you will see Paul get his fair share of time on them, Lance doesn't always keep the best of track of shooters when he is assigned to them.
Jacob Sharar::Pacers proved toni... nothing, they proved nothing. Pacer fans know what this team is, what it's capable of, we've known for a long time. All I care about is seeing every player healthy at the end of each game.
Scott Hall::I guess we wont be seeing anymore of our Bulls buddies this year.
Jake Satterfield::I love this feeling. 13-1! Bring on the West!!!
Cali Native::How many Championships have the Pacers won?
Justin Ryne McCoy::3
Aj Turk::3
Harman Singh Sidhu::ABA doesn't count lol
Splizmo Russell::Should be a fun game. Hoping the wolves can pull off the upset.
Mitch Robinson::No doubt TWolves have a chance to contend for the 4 seed if they can stay healthy
Al Sotowitz::Are the playoffs here yet?
Daymeon Craig::13-1 we ready where them haters at ?
Peter Laroche::Can you like this photo thanks so much! https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151702976862581&set=a.10151702965587581.1073741827.88078652580&type=1&theater
Deborah Green::THE PACERS THE NUMBER ONE TEAM IN THE EAST, WHY HAVE NOT BEEN TALKED ABOUT ON THE NEWS ALL AROUND THE SPORTS PAGE, ESPN , ON ALL LOCAL STATION, WHY NOT LET THE SPORT FANS KNOW WHO IS IN THE LEADS OF ALL THE NBA TEAMS. OKAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jesse Huber::Rubio might be able to pass, but his shooting is becoming unacceptable. Where is the improvement? He hasn't been able to improve at all really since his rookie year. He's a good defender too, but at some point, you have to be able to shoot. Martin & Rubio tonight were atrocious (9-25).
Jose Klatter::I want to see a convincing victory over SA, Portland, Miami, and ...who the hell else? Whatever. Wait, the Pacers beat the Heat last year in two convincing games and still lost in the ECF finals. That's right. The regular season does not really matter. I almost forgot about that.
Scott Hall::Cool story.
Steve Perkins::Nice wins there against Brooklyn, Philly, and Boston.  Errr, I guess not.  Hey, at least you are going to beat a barely above .500 team yourself tonight.
Jose Klatter::Steve Perkins Me? nooooo. The Heat, and Lebron, your highness the King James of the NBA kingdom.
Emmanuel S. McDaniel::Definitely looking forward to the Pacers coming back down to earth. Sorry, Pacer fans but it's not good for the league for your team to be anything but a 3rd or 4th seed team. Reality will sink in soon enough and it can't happen soon enough to be honest.
Keith Haemmerle::Crack kills...seek help....
Happy Corleone::This guy is hilarious.
Steve Perkins::Emmanueal...learn, think, and only then type.  Don't get me wrong, I think most everyone appreciates the late-night chuckle.  Just having a difficult time telling whether you really believe the nonsense you've posted.
Lance Baldwin::Can't wait until the Thunder face the Pacers. The two best teams not including Miami in my opinion. With the Spurs sitting at 4th. The Spurs will make it to the WCF and win one or two games against the Thunder but that's about it v
Mickey Doherty::Scola has actually faired quite well against Love in previous matchups. I have a feeling he will be on Love for most of the game. Considering the recent fall back to reality for the wolves, I don't see them pulling off the upset at Indiana.
Greg G. Munarb::Emmanuel S. McDaniel, since you know basketball soooo well, what are the 2 or 3 teams (other than the Heat) you think will finish ahead of the Pacers?
Kevin Sage::nobody
Scott Hall::Jeff Ariano ·  Top Commenter Why is this game on NBAtv, this game is way worse than the MNF game which also sucks... The Jazz will lose by 20+
Jacob Sharar::That windmill was so silky smooth it felt like it was straight out of the Doctors highlight reel. The Fresh Prince is in the house
