Joseph Evans::When are children going to learn that the greatest player since Jordan has been Tim Duncan all along and not Kobe.
Joseph Fernandez::Keep telling yourself that
Marlon Dunwell::I agree Joseph
Alec Legg::false, Brian Scalabrine
Jody George Prats::Kobe looked great to me.   --Stevie Wonder
Chaan Epps::haha.
Jody George Prats::I almost forgot how much it sucks to play with Kobe.   --Steve Blake
Walter Whitewater::I almost forgot a much you are Jealous of Kobe.
Joseph Evans::Raptors trade Gay before the game: get better. Lakers get Kobe back: become terrible again. I sense a trend going on.
Juan Carlos Ng::While I may not be exactly a Lakers fan, I must say that your statement is rather...immature..almost laughable. You conclude a trend after only observing less than 12 minutes of action... You must be talented. Cheers.
Ryan Tuttle::i think you mean "premature".  stop acting like you know anything.
Jerry14U::Im making over $7k a month working part time. I kept hearing other people tell me how much money they can make online so I decided to look into it. Well, it was all true and has totally changed my life. This is what I do, w­w­­w­.­Z­e­n­7­5­.­C­o­m
Joseph Evans::Tonight he returns with the Kobe special: 8 for 24. 5 Turnovers.
Stay Focused::LOL He already has 3 turnovers in the 1st half. Looks like he's going to finish with at least 8.
Norber Montalbán Carmona::Nailed it, lol.
Chris Burns::It's honestly hilarious to read some of posts you guys put. Of course he wasn't gonna put up godlike numbers. As an NBA fan in general I was glad to see him play again. If you are gonna talk bad about anyone, you bring up the coach. You bench Henry after having a great start? Terrible rotations, Gasol needs to go because he can't hit a jumpshot for his life, no post game whatsoever and gets dominated in the paint.. Don't get me started with how many points in the paint the raptors did on the lakers. Oh but lets all blame the guy that just came back rom a Achilles tear.
Cordell Ingram::THANK YOU
Kwaisi France::Cordell Ingram He had 8 turnovers. There was video tribute and quotes saying that he would be dominant. please explain this piss poor performance.
Aaron Armijo::Kwaisi France  not the first game they were refering to him being dominant again once he got back to gameshape got enough games under his belt. U kobe haters r unreal i swear
Justin Jenkins::True greatness returns to the NBA.
Juan Carlos Ng::King Brian Greatness lies not only in the numbers, but also in the tale of how he overcomes his obstacles throughout the years.
John Martin::Juan Ng  Yeah like how he beat the rape rape in Denver. Bribes work, I guess, more than justice.
Joseph Fernandez::Really John? I suppose you know this cause you were there?
Stan Anvik::Meanwhile, Dwight went for 20 points and 22 rebounds tonight.  And its his birthday.  Thanks Kobe!
Ban Kai::Dwight sucks Harden's shaft.
Victor Ventura::exactly and that's all Dwight is "stats" it's ridiculous when he takes the ball from his own teammates just to load up his numbers.
Stan Anvik::Victor Ventura Houston Rockets  15-7.  That's another stat for ya.
David Rowlison::Kobe is 81 points away from scoring 81 again
Matthew Colyer::hahahahahahaha
Kelvin Ko::The nba just isn't the same without Kobe #24
Jody George Prats::It's better
Walter Whitewater::Yeah Jody. Tell us how much better it is. Must suck being such a hater
Austin Fontaine::Walter Whitewater ill take the honors of that.. dude its f**kn awesome. hating on a douch doesn't really suck either. hes at the end of his career, hes a good player, but hey some of the s**t this guy has done off the court.. Its f**kin awesome man! have fun livin in the past.
Cody James Dellinger::Kobe...you are no Tim Duncan. I'm going to fully enjoy your slide into mediocrity.
Brenton Tyler Scott::I don't even know what that means. I need a translator!
Chris Headley::Brenton Tyler Scott What was tough to understand?
Brenton Tyler Scott::Seriously, are we talking how long he will last playing at a high level...because Kobe already has lasted longer. Championship rings, because Kobe already has more. I mean, yea, Kobe will never be a 7 foot Center. I think he is done growing by now. Someone explain. Seriously!
Matt Ubben::The NBA just isn't the same without #24.
Joshua Sotello::I wonder what its guna be like after hes gone a bunch of 2yr ncaa star that shine for 1yr makes me sad..
Marlon Dunwell::Wasn't he a cry baby from high school?
Norbert Laszlo::Dee Well No he was the second coming....and he delivered.
George Brown::Can't wait to see Kobe  play
Joseph Evans::Laker fans have solace that in Kobe's first game back that he almost had a Triple eighter: 9 pts, 8 Reb, 8 TOs.
Brian Hauenstein::I saw Kobe's totals and thought to myself not to bad of a game. Then I saw the 8 TO's... Lol
Alan Ogg::lakers fans are trash.
Alan Ogg::says the crosseyed duofus
Bob John::This is the day. Been waiting 8 months for the return.
Joel Almestica::u have been waiting 20 games and that about it
Michael Paris::What...losing to the Raptors.
Josh Jordan::2-9 and 8 turnovers. Yep Kobe is back guys. The Brick Mamba is back to ruin the lakers playoff chances.
David C Hall::Didn't you learn your lesson during baseball season when you were shown to be an idiot twenty times?
Chad Everett Dooley::45% career. yup nailed it with "Brick Mamba" and originality......?????
Chad Everett Dooley::you were trolling on another Laker page yesterday.  go away idiot, or find a hobby or a favorite team to check on.  harbouring all this hate surely cant be good for you
Justin Nixon::maybe ranking Kobe #25 was too high
Shawn Bento::DeRozan > Kobe
Cordell Ingram::Demar Derozan got crossed by Joel pryzbilla... dont kid yourself lol
Shawn Bento::Cordell Ingram, what?  I have to see this
Mike Ruddell::82 for Mamba, incoming
Chad Wiggins::King Brian yea nobody can do that period, much less against the raptors
Jace King::Chad Wiggins not 2013 kobe, thats for sure
John Martin::Mike. 82 shots without passing the ball first game back is hard but if anyone can do it it is Bryant.
Fabricio Henrique de Faria::LOL @ paying 25 million for a player that will be as productive and relevant this season as Amare Stoudemire or Paul Pierce
Graham Horobetz::Kobe's performance will somehow be twisted into a positive
Brandon Tigues::lol you already know..can't wait to hear it
Cordell Ingram::a positive would be that his defense was better than expected, and that he could clearly jump for rebounds, or maybe even that he played more minutes than projected. Those are all positives. But hey, let a hater hate.
Christopher Rains::ESPN puts "•Shelburne: Can Kobe be invincible?" and "Kobe's Legend Continues" on their nba page and then he goes out and goes 2-9 w/8 turnovers, lol.
Brandon Tigues::I think he played pretty good..2-9? it's like he never left
Chad Everett Dooley::Brandon Tigues use your phenomenal math skills and show me how 2-9 equals 45%
Cordell Ingram::Chad Everett Dooley Don't put so much pressure on the kid! lol
Jody George Prats::4 out of 5 Lakers starters with two or less made baskets and Gasol only has three. Kobe the unifier is back!!!
