IAmYourStepFather_::Damien Lillard is flat out the best player from this years draft, and it's not even close
ret12364::3/14/12 - POR vs NYK: 9pts and 5to 3/14/13 - POR vs NYK: 11pts and 3to   Bravo Raymond! *clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap*
nysports4life74::The Knicks are like the Jets. Both are under bad management and always have their star plays get injured.
brownbear541::good thing the knicks dont have a butt fumbler on their team tho lol... sanchez!!! lol
nysports4life74::*players
brownbear541::felton said soemthin after the game about ppl writing and not saying things to his face. dude, i'd say it to your face. you were horrible last year for us and didn't care at all. you gave up on the team and the fans. everyone has seen how good the fans are in portland to their players, and we woulda done the same for him if he wasn't so lazy last year. hands down, and he blew it. he blamed everyone but himself, including teammates, coaches, media and fans. get that garbage outta here ray. have fun in nyc.  moving on now. i'd say all that to his face. no problem
ttooom22::not sure how he was for you guys but i like him in NY.  He is so slow on the court sometimes tho, the game is at a 8 for speed and he is at like a 4 sometimes
Liquidplumrman::Yea Felton really dug his own grave with Portland fans. Good riddance though - without Felton's craptastic season last year, we wouldn't have the ROY this year. Lillard could be special player if he continues to get better. Let's hope he works on that D in the offseason. Hard to imagine he could get much better on O. Scary.
brownbear541::yeah liquid i would agree with all of that. i think he'll be better about stuff like that. but he was still saying stuff after the game like "oh ppl couldn't say it to my face" dudes. all the fans sure did. we all called you out last year and then you just blamed us and the media lol. you played like garbage and didn't care, gee, i wonder why we didn't like you. if you give us 100% effort on the floor (look at wes matthews) blazers fans will LOVE you. and he did the complete opposite. end of story
Liquidplumrman::He was extremely unprofessional in Portland, and as a fan it is hard for me to give him any sort of respect. People make mistakes though, and maybe last year was a harsh dose of reality for Ray "McCheeseburger" Felton.
brownbear541::he was garbage. hence the booing all game long. he played like garbage because he came in out of shape. then blamed it on everyone else including fans, except for himself. screw him
thyshakes::Management of 2 Elite ball clubs trying to buy a championship instead of building one:  NY and LAL.  Look how that turned out.  Instead of developing young talents, they think they can buy proven older players for championship.  Hell, I can do that job if that is all that requires.
thyshakes::Wrong.  I knew someone will bring that up.  It was the Players that made it happen in Miami, it wasn't management.  LB, DW, and Bosh wanted it to make it happen and all 3 are willing to take a pay cut.  They all wanted to win, agreed, then they asked management to step in.  Not familiar w/ the Celtic situation.
thyshakes::that's it?  that's your argument?
ttooom22::Your clueless!
19GoNY87::failed big time for miami and the celtics, too
thyshakes::Dr Jerry Buzz was great at managing the Lakers and that is why they won championships.  Ever since his son started taking over, Lakers started to decline.  The point is not about paying a lot for players, it's about developing a team instead of trying to buy a championship  team.  A tactic adopted by Dolan and the current Laker owner.
ttooom22::Your just made your small market team can't spend that much money cause LA &amp; NY has the biggest and best fan base.  Just deal with it!  No reason they can't spend on players, Yankees do it and win championships, Lakers do it and win championships, IT WORKS
thyshakes::It works?  After over a decade of can't get pass 1st round of playoff, you are saying that the current NY management works?  Boy, it seems that Dolan will keep A*s raping dumb NY fans.
setrue::Rational Knicks fans have a problem with Dolan caving  to MElo demands of letting Lin go so he could have the spotlight to himself.  MElo wanted a "veteran" team that "knew" to pass him the ball for iso sets.  MElo did not think about team only personal gain.  Well, he has spotlight all to himself and it does not look pretty now.  Knicks fans are left with a old, slow, injury prone team that all rational fans knew would far apart.  It was destined when Dolan &amp; MElo sent away their youth to build around a "superstar" only thinking about himself.
thyshakes::A laughable attempt to avoid the topic by bringing LIn.  Lin is in a much better place now, that's all I know.
19GoNY87::if you think paying all-star PG money for a below average PG in Lin would have them in a  better place, you are a moron
setrue::Lin received MARKET VALUE, exactly what Dolan asked Lin to do and Knicks promised to match but LIED.  Dolan is a billionaire who made hundred of millions off Linsanity and he cannot match?  He owes a total of 23 million to Felton and Kidd and cannot pay Lin 25 million?  Money was NOT the issue, MElo not wanting Lin was the issue which did not concern Lin's skills but stealing his spotlight.
thyshakes::http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052702303916904577373974101773782.html?mod=wsj_share_tweet
thyshakes::Ball doesn't lie.  WORST PLAYOFF PLAYER in the NBA.  FACT.
ttooom22::Ya whatever, keep trying to paint your weak picture.  I'm not buying it.  He's not always in the spotlight.  He doesn't want it all to himself.  He isn't in every commercial like Griffin Paul or Lebron.  He doesn't do long interviews and crave the spotlight, he wants to ball!  Dolan decided not to sign Lin.  Did Melo recruit some players, sure.  Does he want to be a superstar, sure, and he should cause he is one.  Does his game need some improvin sure, but he is improvin.  Playing D, grabbin boards, doin what needs to be done behind the scenes.  To many people on Melo's sack
ttooom22::That's all you got.  That's what I thought!!!!!!!
I have popcorn in my ears::lol
I have popcorn in my ears::Exactly.  And they are too stubborn to admit what the youth we had are doing in Denver right now.  Stupid stupid stupid.
ttooom22::No, they just made a terrible trade
ttooom22::prolly all trolls cause our knicks were pumpin your team early in the season
thyshakes::Yup, here we go again.  Mentioning a glimpse of glory in Nov.  I suppose whatever makes u feel better.   Nov.  Championship here we comes Dec.  Conf Final here we comes Jan.  2nd seed 2nd seed Feb.  Refs, injuries, "he called my wife ...%*X&amp;", let the excuses begin. Mar.  Lets just not cry too much, at least we had Nov. What a joke.  What teams talk about winning games in Nov?
thyshakes::It's not that we just talk bad about about NY all the time.  The fact is that Dolan messed up your team but you just love whatever decisions he made.  Melo might be a good scorer, but simply not playoff material.
thyshakes::Trying to get personal online seems laughable BTW.  Doesn't change the fact that NY basketball is done.
thyshakes::Yup, the magic words "were", "early in the season".  No one cries in the beginning of the season.
ttooom22::we were crushing everyone early in the season and you guys were crying
thyshakes::Here we go again.  Mentioning "back then".
thyshakes::Me crying?  No, I am just having fun.
ttooom22::not my fault you fans were crying back then and are still crying now
ttooom22::You guys are such crybabies waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  if your a knicks fan you love them when they are up or down, usually down.  It's not like these guys aren't givin their all.  Melo is playing hurt, he was team USA's work horse all summer long, stop the crying already girls.  Ya, it wouldve been nice to sign Lin and we shouldve, shouldve signed him and felton!
ttooom22::Nobody's got nothing to say about my comment above cause they CANT
gefforycook::With all the season ticket price increase and MSG stock run up millions, all Dolan and  melo think is how JLin's contract been "ridiculous". Now we learned who is real ridiculous for taking 20 mil with no performance.
thyshakes::I had been calling it months.    NY Nuggets will be exposed in March, their only real tough schedule. Then, injuries start to occur because of their old bench can't help. Then, these idiots will start using "injuries" as excuses. At the end, they will say how awesome they are gonna get next year when everyone is healthy.  What next year? What future? 20 Mil to Stat 20 Mil to MarshMelo No siginificant draft position No significant trading pieces Aging players  It's the same story every year for over a decade. You want a future, Dolan needs to go.  Period.
I have popcorn in my ears::EXACTLY!!!
thyshakes::No rookie to bail you out this time.
StoKedForever::knicks first round playoff exit. . . .  again. book it
garnolfini::Post game pic of Ray Felton   https://twitter.com/CuteOverloads/status/312609452467564544/photo/1
rma5690::Too slim.
oblique15::The Knicks are a joke like the Jets, They just pretend to be good better
garnolfini::Bobcats 100 Celtics 74 NYG 2 NE 0 Super Bowl Yanks 27 Sox 2 WS titles since WWI
thyshakes::Yeah, yeah, yeah, excuses, excuses, excuses, refs, injuries, opposing player calling wife a name....  What else can the fans say about an over-rated terrible team hand-picked by worst management of all time.
IndyVinson::Two Clear Travels in that Highlight Sequence. JR Smith on the split took 3 clear steps, Lillard jumped and landed on his play before the half. Atrocious officiating.
D-Lillard-0::sorry but you didnt watched the game i think ?  it was a foul first on Lillard plus before he made the 3d steep he throw it  the ball already and scored     Lillard kicked knicks *** twice and once when you had all your  3 old injuries players  ...............
thyshakes::One of the sports caster point out an interesting point:  There is no excuse for a point guard to be out of shape.
thyshakes::Funny.  Almost every sports caster said "No Amare, no Carmelo, but Great Ball Movement".
garnolfini::Woody and Felton must go.
froggy5435::Martin, Camby and Thomas went 13-19 from the field, combined for 7 of 20 assists and had 21 of 40 rebounds.  Raymond and JR Smith together is a problem.  Guards are bad and no depth.
GiantsKnicksYanks::There's a lot of people think Melo isn't the best leader even though he is unquestionably a star.  I think this is where the Knicks really needed a guy like Chris Paul, something that seems impossible at this point.  Chris is that leader and Amar'e and Melo need to play along side with.  Man if only they could pull bringing him to the apple off.
ttooom22::Ya, if we could get paul we would be nice.  need a pg with some speed and cp3 has that and a lot more.  Man we would be real good with him, who cares about the cap, lets get a championship Dolan, us fans support our team, now support the fans
tungcn2010::Knicks got Chandler, Amar'e and Melo. What more do they need? Chandler won a championship with Dirk, the problem with Knicks is Melo. If only they can replace Melo with an unselfish superstar, the can win a ring.
BoWendy McHardie Bugers::I bet Raymod Felton wished he was still playiing for the Trailblazers after this perfromance
froggy5435::Thomas, Martin and Camby did their jobs.  Look at their stats.  The  problem with the  Knicks is on the perimeter.  They don't defend and only JR Smith can make a play but he can't guard anyone.  Everybody talks about how old these guys are.  They are not the problem.  GUARD PLAY is the problem.
Keithsmail7::Melo is a player with superstar scoring ability, but he lacks the consistent hustle to be the leader of the team.  When Jordan scored 60 with the flu, when Ewing played banged with little no help, when Kobe postponed finger surgery to help his team make the playoffs, when Lebron hurt his knee and played the next game to help his team win 20 consecutives,  that make these guys unquestionable leaders.  With Melo, he has to have the ball, score to be happy.  He may deny it, but it's the truth in many basketball minds.
ttooom22::That's what he does tho Keith, he is a scorer, prolly the best one in the league and he can't get done what he wants to now cause he is hurting.  He's been playin hurt, his injuries are worst tho, he couldn't even jump off the ground 2 games ago when he was out there or 3 actually in GS
tayatheplaya::but he was just actually hung over
tayatheplaya::38
Keithsmail7::It was a heroic performance, it felt like 60.. It was 30 something if memory serves me correctly.
_Pippen aint easy_::Jordan scored 60 with the flu?
brownbear541::it was not 60. 38, 7boards, 5 asts, 3 steals and a block.
Keithsmail7::I've seen some good comments today. The best one.    Melo isn't a team wrecker, ball hog, etc., he just isn't a leader...... I'm paraphrasing, but I would have to say this personal nailed it..    Melo is excels when he is only asked to score, score, score. Unfortunately for Melo, he hasn't played on a team (other than the Olympics) where he wasn't the best player. By unwritten rule, the best player is deemed the team captain, leader, etc., so that usually puts in the category of the leader when he actually isn't.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Melo will never win a ring as the top dog.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::JR Smith is terrible
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Tyson Chandler is not that great of a defender.
emt209317::All Knicks players are mentally $@%!$@%!!! Let Spike Lee play for the PG position.. LMAO
FLOxRIDA::Knicks suck! I'd rather see the Raptors or 6ers in the playoffs now. Knicks gonna get their a$$ swept.
__SPURS21::For sure next year, for Raptors they might win the division
Elton7323::so here is a question for knicks fans do u still miss jeremy lin because felton seems like he is done for the season.
Knicksareback-AmareandMelo1-8intheplayoffs::Well it took a little longer than expected but the Knicks are rounding right into their typical season form. Hhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah and the Kinicks suck again!!!!!
JT_NYC::haven't won a championship since 1973... what do you mean suck again? you're a loser.
smack9090::Well theres go the knicks season
Wolverines_STLCardinals_Billikens::The Knicks are awful right now. I've been betting against them all week and cashing in. 1973!!!!!!!!!
gplace57::Most NYK losses are about Defense.   The lack of.   NYK talk it, don't play it.  Sad
15pur::Navak was the worse sighning during off season. He really stinks. I would have signed him as well after last year, but he just cannot create his own shot.  That's imperative in the NBA.
ThatsGoodSoup7963::The Blazers are cool, good win.   What does "Rip City" mean?
bojo87::"Schonely's best-known phrase, "Rip City", debuted in a game against the Lakers in 1970. The Blazers had fallen behind by a significant margin, yet rallied back to a two-point deficit. When a long jump shot by guard Jim Barnett tied the game, Schonely blurted out, "Rip City! All right!" an exhortation for which Schonely had no literal explanation. The Blazers lost 136–114 but the phrase stuck, became synonymous with Blazers basketball and even became a nickname for Portland itself"-Wikipedia so it must be true
__SPURS21::This is what happens when you bring in old players to come of the bench(Kidd,Martin,Thomas,Camby,etc.) Knicks won't go anywhere until Melo gets healthy and everygame he's consistent
nhraven52::Spurs arent that young either.
__SPURS21::But we have old guys that can still dominant, Duncan is ageless, Ginobili will pick up his game come playoff time.
claude01::As resident but non native NYer, it pains me to see the Knicks in this state.  It's not about bad playing or coaching but more about bad luck.  Too many injuries (Rasheed, Felton, Amare and now Melo) have hurt their chemistry and now they seem to be disjointed but if they can get somewhat healthier by the playoffs, they could be a very dangerous team.
butterknife277::Novak sucks.
deymayor::Knicks fans are just idiots.  I heard a lot even on radio saying that they should rebuild now and just keep Melo, Chandler and Shump.  Think about this, Melo, Amare and TC are all max (or close to max) players so if you really want to rebuild, there's no way you can keep Melo and Chandler because they are taking a big chunk in you cap.  Rebuilding means only retaining 1 of those 3 players and unfortunately, you can't survive that because Amare is UNTRADEABLE.  The only way you canv get rid of him is to force him to retire which is not happening in the next 3 years.
PatersonPlayboy::I understand that Amar'e is untradeable but YES, but they should blow this roster up! There's no way you can validate this roster the Knicks have. We're too old, and goofy! The parts don't mix. Thanks to our bonehead owner and his controlling ways.
Mambaholic 33::Or let him punch some more Fire Extinguishers
Mambaholic 33::Nice Gm Knicks! Looks like "NBA Worst - Mrs Blue Light" was on to something when she named herself
infamazz::Knicks started 18-4. They are now UNDER .500 in their last 41 games (20-21). That looks remarkably similar to the team of the past two years. Looks like another first round exit is in store.
knicks_112ndcoming::20-20 actually.
Dengue-Fever::KNICKS SUUUCK!!!..WHAT A JOKE OF A TEAM
Izzydoesitagain::@MiamiHeatWaveChamps The Knicks were dead in NYC, most basketball fans in NYC were Lakers and Bulls fans until recently. They CLAIM they have always been Knicks fans, but they're full of it. I went to more than few Knicks games in the past few years and it was either half empty or other teams jersey's. _____________________________________________________________________________________________________ A closet fan talking strictly out of his @sss
Queen88022::Well done! Blazers. Feltdown is a joke.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oumriRrrLyM
PatersonPlayboy::Charles is right, Blow It Up....we tried, It's year 3 now, things regardless of lineup or who's injured make no difference, we're not a contender. Don't fool yourself fellow Knicks fans. We're Old &amp; our Roster is Goofy! Dolan is a moron who has serious control issues and won't let GM's who understand the game of basketball do what they do, when he should just worry about cutting the checks. That's the "Knicks Curse", Dolan and his bad decision making over &amp; over again!
Izzydoesitagain::you would keep an injury prone center who is grossly overrated and overpaid, Melo needs to go if you rebuild he is the one who would get you the most assets, as for shump if a first round deal came along he be gone too, poor shooting defensive players are in abundance in the NBA
jtru001::Well said. Keep Melo, shump, TC and maybe JR and rebuild.
PatersonPlayboy::Izzydoesitagain - seriously those are the core guys now if you going to rebuild blow it all up get what you can and start over or else this circus will only continue with a new group of guys.  ^^^  I think u can keep Melo, Tyson &amp; Shump, I def wouldn't keep JR though just b/c I think he needs too much supervision in order to be effective. He's had probably 10 great games this year &amp; at the same time 10 terrible games. He jacks up way too many shots and struggles playing under control
Izzydoesitagain::seriously those are the core guys now if you going to rebuild blow it all up get what you can and start over or else this circus will only continue with a new group of guys.
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::For what its worth, I thought we looked pretty solid in the first 17 minutes of the game, all things considered.  But this is why people who say "The Knicks are better without Melo" are completely wrong.  The league is such now that you need at least 1 star, preferably one that won't make as many ill-advised decisions with the ball (sorry JR).  I still think we can get out of the 1st round, but I think my Knicks have officially bowed out of title contention
Izzydoesitagain::in that respect the coach is a lame duck too, this whole team is built by Isaiah Thomas whether people want to believe it or not, he even credited himself for the Amare signing and hinted on advising maybe even acquiring melo, can't you all see grunweld, woodson, and Isaiah all CAA's puppets controlling the organization.
sitewolf::Felton is such a steaming pile 'certain people shouldn't come near me' ....ooo, bet they were scared! He was unprofessional all year....didn't work out before the season, overweight to start the season, played like crap during the season and poisoned the locker room.
LetsPlayScRyB::Is "RIP CITY" even making the playoffs?
ptowncboy::Bill Shonley was the announcer that coined RIP CITY!!
sitewolf::not if they can't win on the road
LetsPlayScRyB::i guess it makes sense
sitewolf::you mean where does that nickname come from? a local announcer coined the term during championship runs in the 70s, I think, and it's stuck all this time
LetsPlayScRyB::any clue as to why thats on their jerseys?
