bababbaloo::Anthony Davis with Kyrie Irving and Tristan Thompson for the Cavs nest year... calling it right now. That would be sick.
NovaNationReynolds::hey Kyrie, pass the ball -Ricky Rubio
God Emperor of Dune::Man, a coach has to love a game in this compressed season where none of his players even have to play 30 minutes.
Reality_And_Truth::Kyrie Irving might be the worst defensive guard in NBA History.....can he even spell defense....Kyrie's man always kills the Cavs......he can't guard a folding chair with a gun and a knife......
Paul96857::DOn't know Jon3717, Not a rivalry when they don't play often http://bit.ly/HWaxQi
jd0521::Spurs are the deepest team in the league they will be scary come playoffs
15steele15::OKC fans get off this page.....you can talk crap when you beat us on head to head record.....Spurs are up 2-1 against OKC, matter of fact beat them last 2 times....by 11 then by 9 and now that I recall believe Thunder lost to the Cavs not too long ago........so quit talking crap that we beat a team with a bad record, not only did you all lose to them but we beat them by 35
Ref Dunked on you haha::Tony parker never got respect this season he's playing outstanding this season
inefekt::Mills PER is 31.8, higher than LeBron's ;-)
WillSchmitzSports::Like This Post    If you'd love to see LeBron go forever ringless
inefekt::It's actually a feasible proposition. OKC not only have three very good players themselves in KD, RW and JH but they also have a rapidly improving power forward in Ibaka who has the potential to become one of the best in his position in the league, he's a defensive monster  who is the perfect foil for the offensive minded trio above. They're all under 24 and if they stay together they could deny LeBron a championship, especially considering LBJ is 27, Bosh 28 and Wade 30. Their window of opportunity is not that big. And I haven't even mentioned Chicago.............
inefekt::yeah this is his 9th year in the league, scary!
15steele15::Damn time goes fast as hell, I remember LeBron just joining like it was yesterday.
inefekt::and 3 years from now LeBron will be 30, Bosh 31 and Wade 33
SeKeMe::max contract Durant, max contract Westbrook, max contract Harden, 8-9 million Ibaka, Perks 8 million. Idon't know if OKC can afford this roster 3 years from now.
mikeyp2307::shutup will.
lamriverside11::clutch or LUCK?????????  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDZLIdGKufM
inefekt::Well that's the thing...........if you don't have a go you'll never get lucky in the first place.
Troll7833::damm I might have to stay another year in school if this scrub team keeps on losing !!!!!  ~~ Anthony Davis
lamriverside11::real or fake?? you tell me  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-87NQZOVdk
lamriverside11::RAMON SESSIONS VS d-will!!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqyU3NKO4Sc
sportzmon::Talk about balance, the Spurs played 13 guys, and all of them scored.  Did the NBA change the limit on players? I thought you could only suit up 12.
Bobcat3208::Too bad Bonner didn't score...
volleydan73::If you look closely, you can even see Pop get a layup in midway through the fourth.....
luistx::that was funny!
15steele15::when your up by 30 I think the rules fly right out the window
daboafadem::http://www.insidehoops.com/blog/?p=9314  Oops...
daboafadem::Astute observation!  Even on NBA.com it says a max of 12 can dress so I'm really puzzled.  I know there was talk last year of allowing all 15 players to dress but I never read anywhere that the rule was changed.
Bynum is Mature::Arizona bill could criminalize Internet trolling   http://games.yahoo.com/blogs/plugged-in/arizona-bill-could-criminalize-internet-trolling-184547052.html  Arizona is a joke of state hahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahaha
The Land of Cleve::Yeah, go Cavs!  Get that draft pick!
99LALO::Yeah you need help cavs
Reality_And_Truth::They need a guard that plays defense, because Kyrie Irving sure does not play any D............
slam_dunk_on_u::Well it was good while it lasted for spurt fans....beating on lowly and lifeless teamslike the Cavs is over..  The little and misleading spurt winning streak will be over in Boston and i Bet my house on that.  Boston will kick some spurt a$$
daboafadem::Aww, leave the poor guy alone.  He's just mad that a broken clock is right twice a day, and out of the last 30 games he predicted a Spurs loss he was only right 5 times.  I mean, clearly the broken clock is more intelligent, and that is enough to drive any man angry, scrotum dunker or not.
Egr_69_Dallas_Cowboys_5_Time_World_Champs::Slam dunk on your face never amazes me to come in here....he's the dumbest troll I've ever seen...fly away with those big ears dumbo!
15steele15::Every Spurs game he comes and talks crap, and Spurs just keep winning Screw this guy sucks at life.....and must be easy for him to bet a house when he still lives with mom and dad
99LALO::You probably hit the like button on yourself cuz no one cares about you 40 year old virgin!
99LALO::Said the 40 year old vigin!!!!!
anonymous_sports_watcher::he likes it when you spurt on his face
adis655::The spurs are a mystery.
dcjr7921::Kobe scored 24 on 10 of 16 shooting. Duncan was 2 for 6 for 7 points. Who means more to their team?
15steele15::Kobe also played 13 more minutes along with Bynum out with 3 to the bench....so Kobe had no choice to score.....as for Duncan having the starting talent and the massive bench, less playing time, up by 30 points.....let the other team have fun and work
Rdiu::how about the 8 rebs and 2 blocks in just 23min?
99LALO::If you ain't deep like the spurs then ask that to you generic watered down spurkers head coach Mike Brown.
Skullet_Face::Duncan.
RI8810::Yes beating the Cavs is what makes championship teams. There records are pretty much flipped no story here they are not a treat to OKC the Lakers and Clippers are in trouble but OKC got it in the bag
15steele15::Your $@%!$@%!....Spurs are up 2-1 against OKC, matter of fact beat them last 2 times....by 11 then by 9 and now that I recall believe Thunder lost to the Cavs not too long ago.....so good job just talking out of your $@%.......
spurs_sweep::as opposed to losing to Memphis, don't look much like a championship team to me. Winning the west will come down to the last couple games. Spurs play the Lakers 3 times and Utah twice and Phoenix twice so quality wins over these teams will have us primed for the playoffs. I can't wait for those Portland fans to see the massacre that awaits them. You guys talked all that crap beating up on the Spurs back-up and now look at our back-ups. You guys will be schooled come the 23rd.
wilhenderso::english much? and the last time OKC faced the Spurs they were embarassed off the court. Lakers? LOL.
Papa Demba Cisse::<strong>Spurs bench &gt;&gt;&gt; most teams starters <a href="http://hoopsgrind.com/">http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYqGK2s6vW4</a> </strong>
DeanGibbz::I have been bragging about p.mills the last couple of weeks and nobody took notice. He will be a difference maker.
Leonitus_86::Thunder are over rated. get over it. spurs will show their weak spot nasty in the play-offs.
Leonitus_86::Spurs own okc 9 out of 10 times any day. spurs swept okc in 10'-11' season, and they barely beat us "once" this year and we still took the season series 2-1, let alone the beat downs we gave them. So okc is not a tough match up for us in the post season, Im more afraid of houston, memphis,dallas and la. honestly.
MyTeamIsBetterThanYours21::im not scared of dallas
sugarglyder::Regular season victories mean jack squat in the playoffs.
Non-Offensive_ESPNUsername::I come here to look at Luke Walton stat lines.
Leonitus_86::shut up.
KingGeorge53::Free anger management classes for you.
KingGeorge53::Then I bet you were pleased tonight.
sugarglyder::Banned.
KingGeorge53::you can read that?
99LALO::Now lets kick sum celtic A** tomorrow!
sugarglyder::If the Cavs win the upcoming lottery, LeBron will likely opt out of Miami in 2 years.  The question is, would the Cavs be willing to take him back?  With Davis\Irving, I want to say no.  I want nothing to do with that loser, but taking LeBron out of Miami would really add value to those unprotected first rounders Miami still owes us.
sugarglyder::I'd rather take the Heat's lottery picks and add some real team players than some bums from the end of the 1st round.  Besides, taking LeBron off the Heat means one less super team to deal with.  I don't mind holding grudges, but not if it'll cost me lottery picks.
KingGeorge53::I wouldn't take him.    Take your worthless two 1st round picks and get some team players.    By 2015, the Cavaliers are back in the PO making some noise.     LeBron would only disrupt.
sugarglyder::The Heat owe us 2 unprotected first round picks starting in 2015.  That means if LeBron were considering leaving, but only for Cleveland, you do it.  You do it knowing that if you don't take him, those Heat picks are virtually worthless.  If LeBron leaves Miami the chances one of those picks end up in the lottery improve dramatically.
KingGeorge53::I don't want LeBron to even sniff the wine &amp; gold ever.... E V E R again.
sugarglyder::Yeah!!!  Take that eastern Cavs conversation to a Cavs conversation.  Oh wait...
99LALO::Who cares take that weak eastern conversation to the east!
zachrlee::The Spurs went "Yawn....has the game started yet?"
15steele15::tired of people hating on the Spurs they have class and Offense this year show me how many other teams won by 35 points
KingGeorge53::?
sugarglyder::The Cavs currently hold a 1 in 8 chance at drafting Anthony Davis.
sugarglyder::It's not too early at all.  Cavs boards have multiple threads dedicated to the lottery balls.  The Cavs are in full tank mode and everyone knows it.
sugarglyder::It's not too early to speculate about the lottery.  The reasons you stated are actually just more things to speculate about.   Also, I don't know why some fans feel so confident in Chris Grant considering he's a first time GM whose sole claim to fame is winning the lottery with the Clippers pick.  He's from the Danny Ferry tree, which isn't exactly a ringing endorsement.
KingGeorge53::Fans have been talking about it since July 2010 and every day since.   I'm just saying there's a ton that will happen between now and the drop of the fateful ping pong balls.  -   Did you read my comment?     Our #8 slot got the #1 pick in Kyrie Irving last year.     So it won't matter much until we see the actual drop.  -  Free Agents  -   Pre-draft trades  -  Draft day trades  -  On draft day picking a player then trading the dude you just drafted.  The list goes on and on.    However, with Chris, I think our chances are good we come up with at least 2 of the needed C, SF, Sg needs.    At this point, we have four of the first 38 picks in what the pros say is a deep draft.  Then again, the pros said this last draft was going to be weak... so far this last draft looks like a normal one to me.    I remember people saying the draft that kobe and nash were in was going to be a weak draft.
KingGeorge53::Too early to be thinking about that.     Do you remember how many chances the Mo Williams trade (#8) had in getting us the top pick?  Last season we had the 2nd and 8th worst picks for the lottery that netted us respectively;   the #4 and #1 picks.
rockndoc2::12.5% of the ping pong balls????  Nice.
KingGeorge53::And to think our Cavs almost won this game.   Believe in the Ping Pong Ball.  Go Cavaliers!
david516x::First to worst!!! because of ONE MAN!!! What a joke!!!! just disappear.....
KingGeorge53::He was/is and always will be a joke.  Who invited you  anyway?
zachzach2020::I was starting to worry in the first 2 minutes.
KingGeorge53::Hey man.   It is what it is.    Our 2nd unit is a from Canton.     That will all change and soon.
dannyginer::one last thing i want a dog like that 1
KingGeorge53::Not in Miami.
dannyginer::im out bye suckers lol jk
KingGeorge53::lol   Here's an idiot that spent his entire evening trying to promote Miami as a vacation spot.    Who's the sucker?    lol   jk
dannyginer::sugarglyder that website is just talking about the houses here but miami is a very well known place and unlike clevaland people actually want to vacation here and its a more exciting place to live, over in clevanland it must be dark and boring and dark again
sugarglyder::Uh, the Forbes Misery Index isn't just about houses.  Nice try.  "We looked at 10 factors for the 200 largest metro areas and divisions in the U.S. Some are serious, like violent crime, unemployment rates, foreclosures, taxes (income and property), home prices and political corruption. Other factors we included are less weighty, like commute times, weather and how the area’s pro sports teams did. While sports, commuting and weather can be considered trivial by many, they can be the determining factor in the level of misery for a significant number of people. One tweak to this year’s list: we swapped out sales tax rates for property tax rates. Miami would have finished No. 1 under the old methodology as well (click here for more details about the criteria for the list)."  http://www.forbes.com/sites/kurtbadenhausen/2012/02/02/americas-most-miserable-cities/  LOL @ dannyginer for living in the #1 Most MISERABLE city in the US of A
KingGeorge53::Shemale haven.   that's Miami.     not that there's anything wrong with that.   Just not my cup of tea.   (so to speak)
boston5887::Hey im from Texas and been too miami its nice over thr
sugarglyder::Cryami's the foreclosure capital of the world.  A city of homeless bums who bathe themselves at Miami beach.
dannyginer::better place to live miami&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;clevaland not even a debate no takes vacations to Cleveland, never heard any 1 say in my 16 years im going to Cleveland.
sugarglyder::Cleveland &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Cryami  http://www.forbes.com/pictures/mli45hdlg/1-miami-fla/
Double it up::Thunder live by the 3 and will die by the 3 in the playoffs.
Leonitus_86::ugh, the spurs stopped both of them in the wins against them. durant shot under 30pts, and west dyck under 20pts, thats under 50pts, and that means the rest of the team has to come up with about 60+pts to beat us, and if you havend noticed the spurs are posting up around 110pts per game! Do you really thing the rest of the team can post up 60plus pts from okc? ughh no, the only other legit guy is harden, and he wont even put up 20 against us. lol dumb okc fan.
boston5887::But who can stop westbrook and durant i dont think anyone can
JD4REAL::nobody can stop them, but contain them and make them play D - that's where Pop &gt; than Scotty.
dannyginer::i quote "I don't know about Cleveland, man, there is nothing going on," Noah said Sunday, lamenting the options for his off day on a typical cloudy and chilly spring day. "It's bad, man."   When asked if his dislike for the town would motivate him more in the series, Noah continued.   "What, that Cleveland really sucks?" Noah said. Cleveland most be on the top of the list where not to live, its boring over there, and all there teams suck, no wonder no 1 wants to play there.
david516x::zjust like Clevelands..
sugarglyder::Cryami's unemployment is still at 10%.  ROFL  Cryami's economy will collapse after LeBron opts out in 2 years.
sugarglyder::Cleveland &gt; Forbes #1 Most Miserable city Cryami  http://www.forbes.com/pictures/mli45hdlg/1-miami-fla/
dannyginer::just refreshing your memory clevaland sucks and will always suck
boston5887::The Spurs are good but can they beat the thunder in a 7 game series?
Leonitus_86::yeah, i think spurs take it in 5 games. thunder to young, for get their "young legs" their immaturity is more of a killer for them..
BigWillie-54::If you watch their matchups, you would think otherwises.
boston5887::I think the young legs of the Thunder would be too much for the Spurs
Shoot My Horse::7? no. Sweep the Thunder in 4 games? Easily.
JD4REAL::if things continue like they have been, they should meet up in the Western conference championship. Which if its like in the past, is more exciting and better than the NBA Finals.
JD4REAL::I hope the Spurs continue to fly under the radar and add another championship banner to their arena. I'm sure if they do, the lame fans and media will blame it on a lock-out shortened season.
JD4REAL::heh, even if  2 shortened season championship titles = one. Spurs would still have more than everybody else minus the big 3 (LA, BOS, CHI).
phatman492::so what about the other three? hater.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::It would be a nice bookend with their first one - also with a shortened season.
sugarglyder::If the Cavs maintain their current draft slot, they'll have a 1 in 9 shot of winning the rights to draft Anthony Davis.  Decent odds for a chance at becoming a legitimate contender within 2-3 years.
sugarglyder::And for those who claim the Cavs already won the lottery last season...  The Clippers draft slot won, not the Cavs.  The Cavs slot actually moved down 2 spots.
sugarglyder::Conspiracy theories are for the birds.
Double it up::Stern is giving Davis to either the Hornets or the Bobcats.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::Tough night for me and my fellow Cavs fans. I'm out. Just remember, Cleveland fans are the Rasputin of the sports world. Take our teams, our players, our owners, their budgets...we JUST DON'T DIE!
rhowe982::Boris Diaw Patty Mills Stephen Jackson these three players noone else wanted and Greg P just picks them up plops them in the lineup and they just start producing. What a great coach and a great GM. Man i wish my 76ers and Warriors had him.
boston5887::Grizzlies are not a bad team ether very dangerous team
spong3bobrox::Sooooo, a man just won the championship for Baylor Women's Basketball.....
Nonchalant Ag::He is a dude dont try and defend that.
phatman492::would she be a man if she played for your team, or if she was your sister/daughter?
Double it up::Grizzlies are gonna win it all.
spong3bobrox::pass what you smokin
boston5887::Thunder has a pretty good shot too win it all, best team in the west i tell u that
JD4REAL::Come playoff time is when we see the real test. 2 guys can carry a team during the regular season, but when real playoff defense is played can they still produce those #'s?
sugarglyder::Miami's desperately trying to win a championship so Forbes won't rank them USA's #1 most miserable city AGAIN for the year 2013.
sugarglyder::Don't visit Miami unless you're fluent in Spanish and don't mind having   random strangers spit wiping your windshield for money.
sugarglyder::dannyginer is wrong again.  Miami's currently the #1 most miserable city in the US of A.  http://www.forbes.com/pictures/mli45hdlg/1-miami-fla/  Cleveland's not even top 10.    ROFL @ dannyginer for living in North Mexico
dannyginer::clevaland sucks and its super boring
dannyginer::that spot has been taken by clevland bro we got beaches and hot chicks and sunshine and in case u havent notice we won a title in 06, marlins won 1 in 97 vs clevaland and 1 in 03 so yea when was the last time clevaland won anything
spong3bobrox::hahaha
spong3bobrox::Can't wait for Cavs season to be over. Too embarassing. The Thunder better win it all though!!!
JD4REAL::last season the Spurs were healthy almost all season - hence the best record in the West. However come playoff start, Ginobli was hurt and its true the Spurs depth wasn't there. Regardless though, I think even w/ Ginobli healthy the Grizzlies would have won. Z Bo and company played lights out. They were just better.
boston5887::Thats what they said last season and look what happend
bigshoneHk3m::The spurs have significantly more depth than they did last season.  I don't see any team as a legitimate threat to San Antonio and coach Pop in a 7 game series.
boston5887::The Spurs better watch out for a first round upset again
slam_dunk_on_u::That will happen again
dannyginer::there not making the finals its going to be heat vs spurs
dannyginer::stephon marbury wants an nba comeback maybe the cavs should try signing him. i loved when he played for the knicks he was so nasty. when is AI coming back to the nba.
TheFutureGhostofJoeTait::AI is a non-starter in any locker room. Forget it. As for Marbury, I don't see that either. His style/demeanor don't fit well with what we're doing.
