CWspurs21::One of the best games I have seen in a while even though my Spurs lost. I grew up hating the Mavs for obvious reasons bout I have grown respect for their team (besides Mark Cuban). The Spurs bench was excellent and they really came through. Pop took all of the starters out assuming they were going to lose. As the game became closer and they took the lead I think he made the right decision in leaving them in there the rest of the game. The Spurs are a very dangerous team and so are the Mavs. Danny Green has matured and become a much better player. Fenominal shot at the end to bring it to overtime. With Manu, I think the Spurs would have taken this one only because Dirk has been pretty bad lately.  Also, I am one of the few Matt Bonner fans in the world. Yes, at the end of the game he should have done something with the ball but he is also a bench player mainly to shoot threes which is exactly what he did. I'm looking forward to a game where everyone is healthy and ready to play.  Good Game Mavs and also good game Spurs. The Spurs have a lot of heart.
tjthursday511::I was lucky enough to attend the game and I was biting my nails the whole game. I am a HUGE Spurs fan and this is my personal opinion of both teams. The Spurs bench played like starters and I am very happy with the outcome of the game, it should've been worse. BUT it wasn't.   NOW on the flip side, Dirk played horribly. His defense lacked and his shooting was way off. That's why he gets paid the most on the team? The superstar you build your organization around can barely muster out 10 points after "resting his legs". Weak mavs, weak. I'll give it to you though, they played hard down the stretch and Terry put on a shooting clinic, but you won't win games by blowing an 18 point lead again.   All I want to see is a healthy Spurs vs. a healthy Mavs. There will be none of this "no manu, no kidd, dirk was off...." WHATEVER. They're pros. Let's see the mavs beat the Spurs in a 7 game series and I'll give them credit then.
Mavsolute Beast 41::Cry some more
Trace2010::"Not the Mavs fault the starters couldn't get their jobs done."  Against the Spurs bench?  YES IT IS!
DirkNowitzki4President::Cry me a river spurs fan. Not the Mavs fault the starters couldn't get their jobs done. If the starters for the spurs still played, the Mavs would have won the game by more then 20 points
NOVABuffalo::That was a true NBA game.  Hate to lose to Mavs, but emotion was on both sides of the court last night.  I was thinking at half time, the Spurs bench gave the game away with poor shooting from middle first quarter to middle second quarter.  I was proved wrong with that awesome display in the second half.  Just too much Jason Terry, great game.  See ya in March and we will see if the Spurs can survive the rodeo trip and stay in contact with the rest of the division.
mkwan0::Last night was awesome.  Good on Pop to leave the second unit in there to battle.  Lost the game, but seeing the bench players play with intensity and purpose was more important.    This is a weird season.  If the Spurs make the playoffs (whatever seed) with everyone healthy and Manu well rested, they will have as good a shot at making the finals as the Mavs, Thunder, Lakers, or any other WC team.
AParcell123::Last night they had a topic on Jason Terry and how he doesn't enter the game for 6 minutes because he is still warming up.  Whenever that happens he turns into Jason the JET Terry.  He loves the attention and performs great when he is in the spotlight.  When Dirk had the ball in the closing seconds I was cringing and when he passed it to JET I felt a sigh of relief.  Normally its vice versa.  I think these injuries the Mavs have had has helped the other players find themselves and remember what the game is all about.  I think every player on the Mavs except for Odom is enjoying themselves and becoming a better player and that is going to help them down the road.  Watch out for the Mavericks in the playoffs assuming there won't be any injuries.
threetimechamp210::Did you like watching Delonte with his shorts under his butt almost falling off. I hate seeing delonte play, I would like the mavs a little if he wasn't on the team, there I said it!
AParcell123::I did see that.  I think Delonte is a really good player.  When he is 100% which he wasn't last night, he can play great on defense and okay on offense as well.
R Bond::Did anyone else hear bad sport Popavich say that offense was the problem?!  He has totally sold out on defense!  Or at least trying to defend Dirk, Vince, and JET of the Mavs!  LOL  Dirk will be back soon.  If he was ON last night, the game would not have even been close.  Rick C. was using a 3 guard line-up that could not defend the 3 point line...BIG BIG mistake!  I'm sure that 3 point line defensive mistake will never occur again!  (But I said that after the 1st SA game)
advaldez71::Win is a win. Bottom line. No matter if its against scrubs, two year olds, or Jesus Christ. Put up a "W" in the mavs colum and a "L" for the spurs. All that matters in the end...
RCNBA::It doesnt matter. They are all NBA players. And the fact that Terry, Carter ,Mahinmi, West are bench players for dallas it was bench vs bench minus Dirk and Haywood(who should be a bench player)
el_dude00::Congrats. Your Mavs beat the Spurs bench. Way to go!
kc101699::Does saying that make you feel better about the loss?  If the Spurs bench played like there starters did overtime would have never happened.
threetimechamp210::Dallas should be happy they won by one and didnt get beat by 20 like they did in SA earlier this month, so it's like a finals win for the Mavs, remember they still need 3 more titles to even match SA. I think that is their real goal!
el_dude00::Let's put it this way, if the Dallas starters had been benched and their second string took the Spurs starters to overtime, I'd be happy with the win, but not exactly doing back flips.
Snakes_::well the starters couldn't get it done.
threetimechamp210::Ok, did you hear the announcers talking about how the Spurs kept missing wide open shots. That is what Pop was referring to. And dont give me that "if dirk was healthy, if dirk was on". I could say if Manu was playing the game would have been close to the beatdown the Spurs gave the mavs earlier this month!
threetimechamp210::It's not equal when the Spurs best player wasn't even on the court like the Mavs best player Dirk was. You know what I mean cause you experienced that when Dirk was out. It's just not the same, the worst part is that the Spurs are going to be without manu for two more months, that could drop the Spurs a lot lower.
AParcell123::You know Dirk wasn't 100% and the Mavs were missing Kidd.  I think the teams were equally matched and the Mavs came up with the win.
luvnbayes::Moral victory my butt, the Spurs are a .500 team without Manu, period.  Hurry up, Mr Ginobili.  I would love a trade for Kaman.  The Spurs should offer Blair and let New Orleans choose between Anderson or Green.  In fact, let's offer Blair to anybody for anyone.    Dejuan Blair is not one of the worst post defenders in the league, he is THE worst post defender in the league.
The_Devlin::I would trade Blair and Anderson for Kaman but the Spurs would probably have to offer more to make the numbers work.
threetimechamp210::Wow, that is pretty harsh, please dont let anyone know that. Especially if the Spurs are trying to shop him around you dummy!
threetimechamp210::Spurs definitely need that fire that Manu brings onto the court, the same fire I saw in the Spurs bench last night. I'm a fan and even I know that Parker can't light a fire into anyone. Cant wait to see the Spurs with Manu and TJ Ford back, plus I heard that the Spurs could be trading for Chris Kaman, maybe!
ACandOJ::When Gary Neal is your leading scorer....you're going to lose everytime
MavsOwnYourArse::A lot of good things from the Mavs last night. One problem is the same as a few games last year, though. Whenever the Mavs get a big lead, they settle for jumpers and their D relaxes. Need to always keep their foot on the pedal.   Either way, a good win and confidence builder for pressure situations.
alanejr99::Here's the scoop.... The Mavs showed promise as well as that fire that doesn't allow them to lose when they are determined. But there are some kinks that need to be worked out.  For example Beaubois must be able to defend against guards that are bigger and stronger than him.  On several occasions he refused to get physical and allowed Neal to go right past him.  You could see some of his teammates really get frustrated with what seemed to be a lack of courage.  Next, when Dirk is having a poor shooting night, he needs to realize he needs to get closer to the basket.  He tried to force it too much and was very unproductive.  Marion needs to realize that his 3 pointer hot streak is over and needs to get to the basket.  And finally, Rick Carlisle has to learn to adjust his game plan in the middle of a game.  He reluctance to adjust allowed the Spurs to shoot 3 after 3.  Allowing the big men to hedge hard as well as reducing weak-side help would have put the pressure of the Spurs second team to finish at the basket over two seven footers.  Well those are my thoughts....
zachrlee::hmmm...let's see Lamar Odumb's progress. 4 points. Yup, still a dud.
Leonard Washington.::Dallas looked impressive beating those D-league players SA had out in the 4th and overtime... lol.
netjunkie88::Tony Parker looked even more impressive going 2 for 11. I wish Pop had left him in.
333Broncos_Fan333::If it weren't for those D-League players Dallas would've won by 30+. If I was a SA fan I'd be pretty happy with those players.
Rosinbaum55::Those D-league players played better than the starters.
CandySparker::
thelizardking_II::well that was one wild and crazy game. be glad when the starters all get healthy and in shape and start playing the way the team is capable of playing. now i am going to make a comment about another game i watched today espn needs to get off of the heats nuts. seriously every time a heat game is on van gundy is down on his knees in front of wade and james blowing away. the announcing in that game was so one sided i finally turned the sound off. just once i would love to see an unbiased espn announcer . now back to the mavs once lamar comes around this team is going to be really really scarey..looking forward to the rest of the year.
Sittinsidewayz121::mavs looking like the mavs from last year.... energy, defense, and scoring.... besides dirk is struggling.
R Bond::Dir will be back soon.  If he was on last night, the game would not have been close.  Also, Rick was using a 3 guard line-up that could not defend the 3 point line...BIG mistake!  I'm sure that mistake will never occur again!
austuc33::but dirk is a big reason they won the champioship they need dirk to come around or it b a thunder heat finals
R Bond::Vinsanity was balling tonight!
StraightCash81::texas is a joke
The_Devlin::Texas has 5 of the last 13 NBA titles.  No other state has more.
AParcell123::No they're not.  They're going to beat Missouri tonight.
StraightCash81::WOLVES&gt;MAVS
netjunkie88::Do you like those 2 victories? I hope you do. I hope you like them very much.
Rosinbaum55::how many rings do they have?
thelizardking_II::i love the enthusiasm of the t-wolves fans. they win two games against the defending champs and that is the highlight of their entire 9-11 season thus far. well if that is what your going to celebrate all year then i am happy for you ..you can celebrate that fact as the mavs are in the playoffs and your sitting at home hoping your ping pong ball comes out in position 1.
sparty2415::JET
Satxmarkz::I want to see Mavs and Spurs healthy and in the West finals. I'm a Spurs fan and respect the Mavs love Dirk he is a monster. With our young talent in Spurs uniform clicking the way they are it would be one hell of a finals in the west.  No hard feelings great ball Dallas and congrats to Kid And Dirk. Now let Timmy go out in the style he came in..  Go Texas!
drac1100::Classy man - crazy game.  Who knew what you Spurs had brewing down there.  With all the talk about the old guys your young guys were ridiculous tonight.  Love the rivalry and respect the heck out of the Spurs.  Both teams class organizations.  Go Mavs.
CaptainKirkman::Wow. What a game! Sat in front of a family of Spurs fans. Each of them were awesome. Smiling and having a good time regardless of who was winning. Most fun I've had at the AAC since the Finals. JET and VC were huge and Roddy is starting to become one of our better on-ball defenders. Dirk seemed to get good lift on his jump shots, now all he needs to do is get his shot back and he'll be back to his old self. No to mention Odom has been pretty bad and JKidd has been gone. This last week (except for maybe T-Wolves game) has reassured me that we'll be fine if we're healthy come May. GO MAVS! Let's go get Phoenix again tomorrow...
SwannyBrasco::Mavs are starting to come together...after their hangover 0-3 start, they're 13-5...but even then, they've had 3 losses by buzzer beaters so they could conceivably be 16-5, or 16-3 after the first 2 losses...they'll be the usual top 4 seed in the playoffs...
SwannyBrasco::not to mention all the injuries they've had to deal with thus far...
BeezyBates::Mavs are gettin it together..slowly. And this is with Odom, Dirk, and Kidd out or just playing bad ball. Now when those 3 get in the game here later in the season, it'll be great. Kidd however...might be playin out his career 1 season too many. We may not see his baller status come back full swing. And Carter looked 22 again out there tonight. Roddy B has some serious promise.
Satxmarkz::simple solutions cant leave tim one on one he can still play some. Parker will eat a zone up for lunch. Spurs secret is not smart threes. It is smart defense. That is why young guys get benched in Pops system. Spurs always have won on defense. Just happens that when you play good defense the three ball really hurts. Spurs are at 65% of potintial Defense. When and if they start playing 85 percent or better that is when Championships happen.  Manu will bring in 10% more defense. and talk is that Kenyon Martin is on our radar. And we all know he is a hungry monster inside Defensive beast to say the least.  Come to SA Howard and win one with the best coach in the NBA. Or go to LA and shine Kobe's  Sneakers. Tim is no doubt a monster, But when you add PARKER and MANU out of nowhere to TIM that is great coaching and great scouting. Some of the best players are not from the USA. If you can jump and drink gatorade so what. MJ did that. But he also inspired many people around the world to "be like mike" and the rest of the world is now a better basketball place.  Right Dirk!!!! Get real people! or take your talent to south beach.  lol lol lol what a joke.
raven513soccer::Watch the replay, Terry's shot was in AT THE LATEST 0.9 seconds. That would have allowed the Spurs' shot to have enough time to go in, and they would have won. Ref's can't get the clock right.
netjunkie88::but that would have left .4 seconds for the Mavs to score too, right?
SwannyBrasco::idiot...I watched it, it goes completely through the net at .5 seconds.
temporary24hourbannedguy4::i heard people in texas smell like sh.it, can anybody confirm that?
SwannyBrasco::sh.it in general or sh.it in Texas? Texas sh.it smells like New York Cheesecake...
BeezyBates::0/10
Sittinsidewayz121::Trolls, maybe one day you will get a life.
TexasTheBestState::There sure are a lot of T-wolves' fans in here.  Did I miss something or aren't ya'll still the chumps that don't have a playoff appearance in 8 years?
supershaft69::I used to dislike Jason Terry cause I thought he was a cocky $@%!$@%!$ who likes to talk a lot of $@%!. But I've witnessed how he backs it up and have gained a lot of respect for him after how important he was for the Mavericks' title run.  His interviews are better than most players, no ums ahs y'knows ebonics and cliches. He says all the right things and speaks professionally.
austuc33::it hard to beleive he was a hawk
DirkNowitzki4President::Terry needs to end his career as a Maverick. I can't imagine him playing for any other team.
dallasmavs258::he's a baller, he's a play caller, he's a shot maker
StraightCash81::BIGDTOWN=NO LIFE
Cowboys-Mavs-Rangers-Stars::You really need to "GET A LIFE"
BigDtown09::You came on another board to post that, lol.
StraightCash81::OK
KingGeorge53::What a game!     And good Lord.... Jason Terry.
Sittinsidewayz121::Like this if you think roddy should be the permanent starter!
cc12636::Roddy still isn't very solid when it comes to distributing and getting others involved.  Tonight was certainly not what I expect of offensively.  Luckily VC, Roddy and JT were hitting early on.
hokiehi22260::I like Rick Carlisle.
Fohee::The MAVS took over first place in the southwest with the clutch play from terry down the stretch. Very impressed with the bench play so far.
ballerman1212::Just trollin' around a lil' bit so... T-Wolves&gt;Mavs!!!!!
drac1100::I remember as a mavs fan when we would beat the Spurs a couple time during the regular season and think we had it all figured out.  And then get hammered by them in the playoffs or toward the end of the year as they peaked.  And seriously.....the Twolves man?! LOL
randbrose::Mavs=Sitting World champions.
hannimanni41::generic response incoming wolves 2-0 vs mavs this year.. LOL
hannimanni41::it must be the plethora of championship banners hangng in the t-wolves arena that lets u think that...
kcspatel41::You know as a mavs fan from the times of the Steve Nash, Dirk, and Finley days, I'm starting to notice a growing immaturity in our fan base. Yea cool we won the finals but that doesn't matter NOW does it.? We used to be supportive of our teams whether we win/lose now its just about the rings huh? Pretty sad how the majority of the fan base were once believers and now just a hopper on the band wagon.
drac1100::Get off your high horse.  Old mavs fans were brutal to the old guard with their complaining about jacking up 3's and no inside game.  Just no place to see it in writing.  And I was a fan in that era too.
Fohee::I hear u on that. Been a fan since the 3 J's.
BigDtown09::It's just temporary. Minnesota trolls pissed off a lot of Dallas fans the other night, so now its just a little payback. It won't last long.
cc12636::He has a point, the ESPN conversations are troll pits; not the place to go for objective analysis
kcspatel41::Damn...where do I go then for a true fan base?
Snakes_::Plus.   It's ESPN!   what do you expect?
Snakes_::it happens to every fan base after winning. and to be completely honest... i thought it was going to be much worse than it is.
hokiehi22260::Mavs are beginning to gel.
joah5454::why the heck was a woman commentating this game? this isn't the wnba
R Bond::She does a number of ESPN Sunday night games.  Pretty fair and even handed,
_Pyro27::Bet you she still knows more about basketball than most of the guy commentators.
hokiehi22260::who is she?
hokiehi22260::sexist?
sanctie170::maybe the last sentence.
sanctie170::Doesn't have to be sexist. In general, women have higher voices than men. And people can find that less pleasant to listen to.
ATxRazorback24::Don't look know but Roddy B is getting his confidence back
hokiehi22260::he will come back strong.
kcspatel41::I wouldn't say that yet. Wait till he gets on the road when the games on the line,
BigDtown09::Needs to improve on D though.
Sittinsidewayz121::He can be a superstar if  can be more consistent
hokiehi22260::mad skills/knowledge of game, athleticism, great attitude...
KrayzieBone22::YES the MAvs won but it's really crazy that they had to go into O.T. to beat the Spurs Bench and if it wasn't for being 1000th of a second late the Spurs Bench would of beat the Mavs.
hokiehi22260::if ifs and cans were pots and pans, there'd be no work for the tinker's hands.
hannimanni41::gayest thing i have ever heard
ace1733::If Pop would have left the starters in you would have got drilled by 25. So What.
Asif11111::The Starters were getting killed and the bench brought them back in it thats why Pop didnt pull them out
dallasmavs258::its nights like these you remember how much better it is to support the mavs and not the wolves
wdoubleu::Pacers &gt; Mavs &gt; SA
wdoubleu::....and they lost... Sorry, close doesn't count.  I will say though, the Mavs are definitely getting better every game.  It was going to take some time for all the players to mesh.
_Pyro27::And another thing... The Mavs have lost three games this year where it was a buzzer beater. So...
THE HEUSCH::You're in a forum for a WC game.  Your argument has no relevance here.  We play different teams most of the year.  Get to the finals then you can start talking about who you're better on our side of the US
_Pyro27::Lol. The Magic are a joke this year. Didn't they score less than 70 points twice already? Bragging about beating the Magic is like bragging about beating up a 10 year old.
wdoubleu::They just beat the Magic and are 13-6 overall.  They have played 13 out of their first 19 games on the road and are 8-5 in these games.   The Mavs are 13-8, worse than the Pacers.  What's so funny about that?
ktmr::The mavs replaced several starters from last year, and spent the first half of the year getting them used to the offense. Of the mavs 8 losses, 2 were the first 2 games of the year when our team had only played together for 2 weeks, and 3 were lost on the last shot of the game. The mavs are 10-3 in their last 13, and 2 of those losses were last second buzzer beaters. The pacers are 8 - 4. At worst these 2 teams are about equal about now, but i think the mavs are only getting better this year with odom, carter, and roddy b. getting their game back.
Mavsolute Beast 41::a Pacer troll? lmfao bwahahahah
cdahrendt760::the mavs are so bad hahahaha
Sittinsidewayz121::And the Wolves are.....? Gimme a break.
THE HEUSCH::DUDE they're so bad, they won!
StraightCash81::k love&gt;dirk
Asif11111::not even remotely true
_Pyro27::Lol. Kevin Love hasn't even been to the playoffs yet. Gimme a break.
StraightCash81::wolves&gt;mavs
dallasmavs258::wolves were finished when they unvelied the franchise colours and logo
Mavsolute Beast 41::I propose to raise a charity foundation for helping fans in Minnesota overcome their inferiority complex with specialized medical treatment.Please don't be shy to help fellow NBA fans
dallasmavs258::they get enough charity on draft lottery night but even still they suck. they are beyond help
dallasmavs258::so what was the final score in regular time anyway? my phone said it was 91-91 with 0.5 seconds left, then it said the spurs won 93-91 and i was like OMFG not again. what happened??
Frank J Smith::yeah only Derek Fisher can get a shot off in 0.4 sec.
texastar25::Cant u just check the highlights on here?
dallasmavs258::nah im at work would get busted lol
infamous122::went to overtime
BigDtown09::Green hit a shot, but the buzzard sounded just before he let it go. it was tied at 91 at the end of regulation.
THE JEFFERNATER::They hit a shot but it was over turned.. The buzzer sounded and it was still in his hand.
dallasmavs258::ahh thats why, STUPID MISLEADING NBA APP
Marqui6852::100-101 mavs win!
dallasmavs258::yeah i know now haha but what happened in the last 0.5 seconds of regular time?
chavezscott04@gmail.com::My fellow Wolves fans, we gotta pass these teams first before we start trash talkin.  Mavs and Spurs dont have a real shot this year....but will still have better records than us....but ANY NBA fan can see the wolves are climbing....I think we pass em both next year....MAYBE contend for a title in 3-4 if all the pieces gel...Bottom line Mavs, Spurs still better right now....
_Pyro27::I guess no one besides the Heat have a "real shot" right now then. I guess you forgot that there was only one week of "training camp" and only 2 preseason games... Don't worry, by playoff time, the Mavs will be a contender.
Langston365::Dont have a real shot?
THE JEFFERNATER::Mavs will reload this summer.. They will have more cap space than anyone so while the Wolves are getting better the Mavs aren't going anywhere for a while.
Marqui6852::agree good luck to the timberwolves thats a good upcoming team.
StraightCash81::mavs are garbage
BigDtown09::Here's my favorite troll. He is truly king of the dumba$$es
Mavsolute Beast 41::this guy is sick..the other night he was in the bucks-lakers board writing that he was at the game as a laker fan and kobe was inactive cause he was seeing him not dressed...and after that an another account (probably same person too) spread the same trolling news...can you believe that?
Langston365::So is Kevin Love
Mavsolute Beast 41::see a psychologist dude, srlsy..you need help
THE JEFFERNATER::Yea they are.. They're just leading their division.
Marqui6852::so is your mom!
Mr Viz::Everyone calm down. We all know the Thunder are going to the finals anyway so lets all just be friends.
HurricaneHamlin::The Chokelahoma City Blunder aren't going anywhere.
Mr Viz::And Texas has a ridiculous amount of pro teams in every sport. The fact that you don't win championships is rather sad considering the odds.
ktmr::Texas teams have won 5 nba championships since 1998, the rangers just reached 2 world series in a row, and houston made it in 2005, the dallas stars won the stanley cup in 1999, houston texans just joined the league this decade, and just reached their first playoffs, the cowboys are kinda sad right now so ill give you football as a dissapointment. Other than that, sports in texas are pretty dominant right now.
Mr Viz::Yes. We are rather proud of our wobbly tower that may or may not fall on top of the other buildings.
Mr Viz::Maybe last year.
bonedogdavis::The Mavs own the Thunder.
Mr Viz::Truthfully the Mavs are the only team able to beat the Thunder in the playoffs. But it is rather unlikely. Mainly due to the fact they are all a few years away from being senior citizens.
THE JEFFERNATER::I went to OKC this week for work.. Congrats on that first skyscraper!
Langston365::Not unless they choke it away like last year. :)
bonedogdavis::Thats funny.
