nationalswizardsfan::Dagger!  Awesome finish.  Too bad I was snoring at the time here back East.  Like the Nats of a few years ago, slowly fighting our way to respectability.  A few more pieces and it could be mayhem at the Verizon Center.  Take what you can get, support the guys, and build.
TheBrownestBob::I'm not a Wizards fan, but this may be my second favorite team to watch outside of my Cavs.  John Wall makes this team a completely different ball club.  Bradley Beal was drafted to play with John Wall and all these guys were brought in to play with John Wall and all John Wall is doing is making the organization look great.  Here's to good health for the Wizards and John Wall in particular!
ThoseWhoStayWillBeChampions1982::Ive been betting with a system called SportsBettingStar for only 2 months and have profited about 3K per month just by following its tips.  You can find this system on the first page of Google by looking up Sports Betting Systems.
ovechkinsgoal::crawford not getting any love....shot isn't anywhere on espn.com front page or nba page.
PartTimeHomer::To be fair, there was the subway game, Clips and Warriors, and the Lakers and Spurs were in action. It's understandable this time. It's not like when Wall's crossover/assist got no love from top plays while two plays from the team that got blown out showed up. That was just ridiculous.
BaySports 1.1::Terry Stotts needs to not be a head coach.  He has had half a season to figure out a rotation and can't do it.  Time to fire him.
clipctb::Stern should let 9 teams make it to the playoffs.  The 8th and 9th team would play a 2 out 3 wildcard playoff series with the winner going on to play the 1 seed.  This would make more of the games after the trade deadline more interesting!  Just an idea.
KudoKensei::What's the point of doing this? 8th seeds don't have a shot at winning a title. Why add a 9th seed?
Arigato Mr. Roboto::steeze.....that is all.
LetsPlayScRyB::oh......my......god.....did the blazers just lose?..........again????????
LilVdog88::John Wall Punks Lilard for the ball, gets the dunk. Jordan Crawford for a deep 3 at the buzzer... DAGGER!
Swish3And1::Lillard's dunk was just NASTY !!!   And he's only a 6'3" PG.
LetsPlayScRyB::i think thats pretty tall for a PG
toshsghost::Wiz trying to play some ball?!?!  When is the last time they went on a west coast road swing and came back at .500 or better?!?!  Can I actually feel proud to tell people who my home squad is?  When is the last time we had a buzzer beater to win in a hostile environment?  Back when MJ was player / coach / owner?  These guys are like the O's.  Coming on strong to close out a season with some bite.  Next year, with a solid draft to support Wall &amp; Beal, the Wiz can easily push for a 4 or 5 seed in the east.  Stay young and hungry guys!  Then, when Lebron starts to get old and beat up, the Wizards will step in for a few seasons to push for rings.  It'll be them and D-Rose in Chicago.
Jamal22066::MJ scored 50 points in a game as a 40 year old. I wouldnt call him a 'disaster'. He had no help around.
Trogdor630::Anyone who follows the Wiz and lived in the DC area for MJ' s little experiment in coming back knows what a mess it was.  One 50 point game and a few buzzer beaters don't really make up for him making terrible front office decisions and possibly destroying Kwame Brown's confidence.  At best he had only a slightly negaitve impact on the team long term.
PartTimeHomer::Bigger picture. Michael Jordan was a front office nightmare. One of the nicest guys in the world, Abe Pollin (RIP), had to tell him to gtfo. Abe Pollin doesn't tell anyone to gtfo.
Trogdor630::MJ?  How about when they went to 4 straight playoffs and had Gil, Caron and Twan?  Before his knee injury Agent 0 was averaging close to 30 a game.  MJ was nothing but a disaster for the Wizards.
ducksarenumberone::P.U.
sworthin117::The Blazers will be NBA champions when they have a bench
LetsPlayScRyB::nahhhhh not even
Strobes503::what?
t_ripley::wizards finally playing with pep in their step...Wall problem was that he played like he didnt know how to use his breaks and plays way too fast...Beal played like he just started the season last week, Great win but we should play a halfcourt offense less, these dudes want to run and coach whitman is holding them back
Trogdor630::Definitely.  Wall, Crawford and Beal played like they were on the Washington Generals and Okafor, Nene and Webster played like all-stars.  A quality team doesn't lose this type of game to the Wizards.
64801Mike::been following a system for betting lately called SportsbettingStar. In only two months time I have averaged $3,000 a month profit. I found this system on the first page of Google by searching for sports betting systems.
dante2900::the wizards have won like what 6 out of their last nine or 7 out of their last ten. it'd be cool if they tie the lakers by the time the season is over or do better
joah5454_3::Wall still coming off the bench?
t_ripley::yup
pdxdgh2012::Maria Sharapova is coming over after this match
LetsPlayScRyB::sticky bunzzzzzzz
RainingDimes::Interesting site that gathers articles to try and predict what the future holds.  www.futuretimeline.net/
redwiznatcapfan::I ain't copying and pasting that!
RainingDimes::I've been muted 1-3 days on here for posting links.
pdxdgh2012::I'm watching Maria sharapova play
pdxdgh2012::Dude, I'd totally make her scream louder, so loud that Novak Djokovic is like "Maria, I hear you!"
Encaladitos::Imagining you are the one making her scream way she dose in her matches?
waterdrinker969::Did Almagro blow it?
pdxdgh2012::I think that he had cramps, he did lose, have up in the last game. Like he legit just let balls fly by him, and smiled.
Mancub 10::Haha eat it stupid blazers.
pdxdgh2012::http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/university-of-portland-3224  &lt;-- for red
Brianhau529::Going to a school like Harvard is just a glorified name.  It means nothing intellectually. I could care less what some pompous university thinks about my intellectual capabilities.
Evbaseball8::and again there is no official collegiate academics rankings its just different polls done by media and things like forbes
redwiznatcapfan::That says regionally it's #6. Georgetown is #21 on the national list.   http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/rankings/national-universities/spp+50
pdxdgh2012::Red, the University of Portland is one of the top 25 universities in the Nation.
Brianhau529::All universities are good. You get what you put into it. I could get an excellent education at some of the worst ranked universities in the country
Evbaseball8::I do hope you realize tons of different companies release their top rankings in academics and there is no official poll
pdxdgh2012::Academics
redwiznatcapfan::Brian knows!
Brianhau529::academics don't matter!!! It's all bout them sports teams! $@%! education lol
redwiznatcapfan::Can you pull up the link?
Evbaseball8::top 25 in what exactly?
pdxdgh2012::Come out west, we'll show you how to live life
Encaladitos::I'd say something about the south but i got nothing
redwiznatcapfan::Come out East, we'll show you how to make money.
Brianhau529::ahh when i'm a doctor i'll be making more than you could ever dream bud
pdxdgh2012::Plenty of wealth out west, Idiot.
RainingDimes::You don't get to enjoy the outdoors so much in the East. Different strokes for different folks I guess.
Brianhau529::I don't get hating on other cities in the U.S. Lets all just be glad we don't live in the dirty middle east!
RainingDimes::America is the modern day Ancient Rome imo. The collapse is inevitable, but I don't think it will happen for another 20-50 years.
sk0dawgs::rise and fall of civilizations is a common theme in the history of humanity. don't be so quick to deny it
Brianhau529::please explain how this collapse is going to happen?
Brianhau529::That's the dumbest thing i've head in a long long long long long long long time.
waterdrinker969::But Detroit is fair game.
taayox::Ill say Wall is making a big difference and its mostly intangible.  Many of our games that we had previously lost have also followed the same format as these games we are now winning. the only difference is  that late in the 4th quarter, our offense usually stalls and the other team goes on that final run than seals the game. Now, we are able to respond and are in it till the very last second of the game.
RainingDimes::West coast &gt; East coast.
mikeem1967::Best argument ever. Keep up the good work boys.
maleckej::Tahoe, the redwoods, SD, i could go on...
PartTimeHomer::I mostly just love the USA. What are you? An outdated rapper?
waterdrinker969::We will go back to this question in about 20 years after LA has a 12.0 earthquake.
redwiznatcapfan::New York, DC, Boston, Philly and Miami. You have LA and that's it lol
Evbaseball8::In all seriousness I'm not sure if the team is hot or if John Wall really is making an impact but this team has played good basketball these last 2 weeks
Trogdor630::Wall was pretty terrible in this game.  25% shooting and a 1:2 assist to turnover ratio.  He looked sloppy all night but had that big slam in the end.  Nene and Okafor went off tonight and Webster clearly had a revenge game in him.  That's why the Bullets won.
Encaladitos::Well their Healthy now at one point Nene was gone, Wall and Price. Then Once Wall was back and Price, Crawford got injured lol.
Evbaseball8::true very true Nene can have the biggest impact out of anyone on this team at times it seems like
SdotPaul504::An all star player can make a difference. See My Hornets are balling &amp; have a shot ath the 8th seed
waterdrinker969::Not so much tonight, but it also helps that Beal is turning it on.
redwiznatcapfan::I'd say both.
Evbaseball8::I can agree with that an emotional boost when he returns plus his actual play is pushing this team forward right now
redwiznatcapfan::Portland's only university is Portland State. So is Portland State better than Georgetown at anything?
Brianhau529::and University of Portland which does compare to Georgetown at every level, academically that is
sworthin117::Maybe one of the best schools for the average
redwiznatcapfan::I have nothing against the U of P but Georgetown is one of the best schools in the country. You need a 4.0 and over 2100+ on the SAT just to get in.
Brianhau529::I meant academics lol both are excellent schools
redwiznatcapfan::Haha keep telling yourself that.
pdxdgh2012::Georgetown isn't in Maryland, my fine sir.
redwiznatcapfan::Read what dante wrote, It's the DMV.
pdxdgh2012::redwiznatcapfan - Yet it clearly says I'm a Georgetown fan.  Well, I'm a Florida fan, does that count?!! Just saying we are fans of good teams ?
dante2900::when you're from southern md, northern virginia or dc you are part of the metro area aka the DMV (dc, md, va). shared "culture", transportation system, etc
redwiznatcapfan::Yet it clearly says I'm a Georgetown fan.
pdxdgh2012::redwiznatcapfan - It's in DC my fine sir.  Well you said that you are from Maryland,
redwiznatcapfan::It's in DC my fine sir.
Brianhau529::OHSU, one of the best medical schools in the country, where I will be attending
pdxdgh2012::False, there are other university in Portland, wise guy.
redwiznatcapfan::Them and Georgetown got knocked out the same round.
pdxdgh2012::redwiznatcapfan - Ok, are any of them better than Georgetown at any sport?  I believe so. U of P or PSU, one of them has one of the best girl soccer teams in the nation
redwiznatcapfan::Ok, are any of them better than Georgetown at any sport?
lookitsdeco::i said $@%!
lookitsdeco::ima soak this victory up cuz come playoff time i wont have $@%! to say
taayox::I'll put it like this so it does not seem like I am singling out Lillard. No matter how great they are, scoring point guards or guards that can shoot like Rose, Irving, Lillard are usually slightly overrated when compared with guys of the "pure pg" mold.
dante2900::steve nash in his prime could score and run the offense equally well. of course he never played d though
Brianhau529::You do make a good point, pure points are better. But Lillard is a very very good scoring point
Encaladitos::Rose can shoot?
Encaladitos::PGs get look at almost they same way you would look at a SG now.
Encaladitos::Well i can agree with you on that these days people get caught up in PGs scoring ability and overlook everything else.
taayox::he can score- he is a scoring pg.
BayAreaSportsFan16::lillard is amazing. how in the hell did this guy not go #1?
SdotPaul504::Nothing special. 22 years old while others are 18 &amp; 19
SdotPaul504::Right!
Brianhau529::played at Weber state, way lesser competition
lookitsdeco::NO didnt need a PG Grievas is nice
SdotPaul504::We didnt know Grievis was gonna be balling like this
wadlez::they thought their pg would be rivers
Evbaseball8::The butt-hurt is strong in Portland.
SdotPaul504::Lets hope Lillard dont become the next Tyreke Evans
Brianhau529::that won't happen, Lillard can shot
SdotPaul504::So Tyreke Evans was a 6'6 physically dominate PG. He still averaged 20 ppg his rookie year
Encaladitos::I remember him getting hyped up some even compared to LBJ since in his rookie year has 5 assist and 5 rebounds per game to go along with his points.
SdotPaul504::Yep know Kings fans dont even want him
Encaladitos::lol
redwiznatcapfan::Maybe Portland can get revenge in baseba...hocke....footba....soccer?
Brianhau529::Ignorance is a bliss in these boards lol, good entertainment
Da_ArmChair_GM::What the f#$! is there to do in Portland, lol ???
Brianhau529::^It's a good thing we did, the DUI test tested positive within three days. Oh and we can get rX cards easy as hell. There are lots of great places to live in this country.
waterdrinker969::Get high...o wait, y'all voted that down.
Brianhau529::lolololol, ski year round (only place you can do that in U.S), go to the beach, hangout downtown, Blazer games, not get worried about being shot.
XXRUSERIOUSXXX::DC Sports &gt; Blazers lol
pdxdgh2012::Only a fool would rather live in DC, you guys are a sh*t hole of a city
Brianhau529::dante2900 - DC has some of the wealthiest safest suburbs. never been to Georgetown?  i'd explain the whole metro area/DMV thing, but its a waste of time  All cities have nice areas, just depends were u live. Portland has $@%! hole neighborhoods, but also has the 7th richest neighborhood in the U.S.
dante2900::DC has some of the wealthiest safest suburbs. never been to Georgetown?  i'd explain the whole metro area/DMV thing, but its a waste of time
Brianhau529::redwiznatcapfan - College sports as in just football and track. We would own you in basketball, soccer, wrestling, field hockey, volleyball etc etc  Ducks #16 in the country, sorry try again fool
pdxdgh2012::redwiznatcapfan - College sports as in just football and track. We would own you in basketball, soccer, wrestling, field hockey, volleyball etc etc  You sound stupid, Ducks made the finals in volleyball, Baseball is immaculate, basketball is top 25, shut up red
redwiznatcapfan::College sports as in just football and track. We would own you in basketball, soccer, wrestling, field hockey, volleyball etc etc
Brianhau529::well you guys probably don't care cause your college teams suck. I love Marylands failed attempt to copy the Oregon uniform swag
XXRUSERIOUSXXX::Why are you on this conversation then you a blazers fan from Maryland then lol or do you just enjoy trolling Wizards fans cus I can tell you there is no fanbase with thicker skin than DC fans we've had it all
pdxdgh2012::redwiznatcapfan - Haha who cares?  Since we don't have many pro teams, just saying.
redwiznatcapfan::Haha who cares?
pdxdgh2012::redwiznatcapfan - I live in Maryland :)  Our College sports are better
wadlez::might just be the dumbest comment ive ever seen on an espn board.. that is saying alot..
redwiznatcapfan::I live in Maryland :)
Bejogle::Jordan Crawford #2 on SC Top 10. That didn't take long.
wadlez::sounds like some butthurt fans on this thread atm
pdxdgh2012::Wizard fans are just plain stupid
RainingDimes::Most homer fans on these chat boards are stupid.
BayAreaSportsFan16::that game winner was reminicent of the one kobe had several yrs ago in portland. it was from almost the exact same spot too.
redwiznatcapfan::You guys are too easily offended.
lookitsdeco::us wizards fans must have the toughest skin on earth hahaha
Brianhau529::redwiznatcapfan - We've heard it all from the Heat trolls.  who hasn't?
redwiznatcapfan::We've heard it all from the Heat trolls.
rich2146::*Yawn...congrats to the Wizards and their 9th win of the season...can tell their fans don't know what a REAL PG is or what winning is like...*thumbs up...enjoy the lottery pick again...D-bags.  I'm out.
mikeem1967::That was not a yawn. It was a $@%!$ fart.
mikeem1967::Sounded mote like a $@%!$ fart
PartTimeHomer::I like that you're pretending that, in the last eight years, the Blazers haven't had more top 6 draft picks than the Wizards.
Da_ArmChair_GM::Yea, u will be sittin right next to us at the ping pong table.
XXRUSERIOUSXXX::Does anyone think he actually yawned cus I have my doubts....
Kobelies247::Lillard &gt; WALL!
VTKJ25::Negative. Wall bigger faster stronger. Not in shape yet from injury.
dante2900::before or after he gets the ball stolen from him by wall in the waning seconds
redwiznatcapfan::During probably. They'll say he has more hustle!
pdxdgh2012::Serena williams is tougher than any of the wizards
redwiznatcapfan::Then she must scare the crap out of the Blazers.
lookitsdeco::pdxdgh2012 - Excellent grammar  you know you aint got jack to say when you pull out the grammar talk lmao YOU LOSE
redwiznatcapfan::It's auto correct, go ahead and sue me.
pdxdgh2012::Excellent grammar
lookitsdeco::and besides Wall and Lillard dont even touch Derrick Rose or Chris paul so why do we care?
Brianhau529::Lillard is doing better than both those dudes in their rookie years
Brianhau529::No he's just really good. Could be an MVP some day, just hyped that we got a good player.
lookitsdeco::yall talk about him like hes a god he should be better right now right? i mean c'mon he should be better immediately right? i mean hes ROY he should earn MVP right?
redwiznatcapfan::Seriously.
RainingDimes::It's pretty sad to be sitting in last place in the East imo.
mikeem1967::Could be worse could have lost to the last place team in east imo.
dante2900::probably wont finish last. 7 of the last 10 games have been or something like that.
lookitsdeco::yeah but JOHN WALLLLL BACK
redwiznatcapfan::But we own them Portland Blazers!
lookitsdeco::(game was on the line and Wall picked Lillard but of course Wall's decision making is terrible) Wall won a game with a SWAT for god sakes
pdxdgh2012::pretty sure that crawford won it with a 3?
lookitsdeco::the swat im talking about was vs denver
redwiznatcapfan::In all seriousness I think Houston will get the 8th seed. Portland's lack of a bench will kill them.
Brianhau529::In all seriousness I think the Wiz will finish 15th in the east.
Brianhau529::redwiznatcapfan - You have to make it close so they don't go crying to momma!  you're dumb as hell
redwiznatcapfan::You have to make it close so they don't go crying to momma!
Brianhau529::a buzzer beater is beating up? Dam if we're your little brother then you must be weak as $@%!. I would never give my lil bro a chance
redwiznatcapfan::The only noobs I saw tonight were the Blazers. They can't beat the Wizards!
pdxdgh2012::redwiznatcapfan - Yet still be able to beat up their little brothers i.e. the Blazers.  noob
redwiznatcapfan::Yet still be able to beat up their little brothers i.e. the Blazers.
XXRUSERIOUSXXX::People always compare Wall's getting back in the swing of things had an off night.. Lilliard is a beast not gonna lie but there was a reason Wall was the #1 High School and #1 Overall pick on the draft he's bigger, faster and more athletic than pretty much every other point guard in the game including Lillard...cept he cant shoot
XXRUSERIOUSXXX::We've had two seasons of Wall averaging 15 plus points per game and 7 plus assists on teams worse than this one...people also need to realize that while Wall is in his third year Lilliard is actually the same age
Encaladitos::Its possible Wall can become a better player than Lillard but at this point he played 6 games so no way he can be the better player at this point.
PartTimeHomer::...Do you think Wall's a rookie or something?
XXRUSERIOUSXXX::Wall is a better passer than people realize but ur right sometimes he puts his head down and drives when he really shouldnt lol
RainingDimes::Lillard is smarter than Wall at making decisions imo.
redwiznatcapfan::Because you're a homer.
taayox::I'll just leave it at this. Lillard is a great rookie but fans overate scoring point guards.
rich2146::Ok...you saying this nonsense is like me as a Seahawks fan saying "RG3 is overrated."    ^See how dumb that sounds...?
PartTimeHomer::rich2146 - Not really...you guys are morons is basically what I'm saying...  ....lol  A guy makes a post giving all the credit in the world to Lillard and you step in with your S-chest to "save the day" by bringing up a completely different sport to call him a moron?  Yeah. I can *totally* see how WE'RE the stupid ones.  Fact of the matter is that as good a rookie as Lillard is, just like Wall and Beal, for a full time guard, his shooting percentage is TERRIBAD. Maybe neither of them are that good, but the way that Portland fans and fans of other teams are going on, it's like Lillard is doing everything by himself *just* because his team doesn't have a bench.  Know how many teams in the league would kill for a starting lineup where three guys are averaging over 15 points? ...Let alone four? I like Lillard, but he's not doing it by himself. The play of the rest of his lineup allows him to do  lot of the things he does.  Just like the play of a lot of Wall's teammates has allowed him to pretty much step back in and put up similar numbers to those of his career.  NO ONE knows if Lillard is better than Wall right now. Or even Beal, because it hasn't even been a full season. So just shut up and stop frothing about it.
taayox::How is that the same and how is it nonsense? All I am saying is that fans wrongly regard scoring points guards more than pure point guards. Its not limited to Lillard. Its Rose, its Kyrie Irving. If you can score/shoot at that position your are regarded more highly by fans.
rich2146::Not really...you guys are morons is basically what I'm saying...
PartTimeHomer::Mostly sounds dumb because it's a completely different sport and a terrible analogy.
pdxdgh2012::shut up
