Cyril::Lakers fans - I'd recommend following your team more closely.  You want to know why Kaman didn't play more the last two games after going for 19 and 10 against Utah?  Because he sprained his ankle against Philadelphia and was a game-time decision against Milwaukee. He had just come back from a month-long absence from another injury!  The guy is made of glass and hasn't played a full season in years. Last year in Dallas he only got 20 minutes a game, and that was another team that really needed a center.   Doesn't help that neither he or Gasol can run the floor very well and end up giving up big games to faster players.  You might have noticed Miles Plumlee had a 17-point, 20-rebound game against them, or that Derrick Favors torched Kaman for an 18-point, 14-rebound game. Even Andrew Bogut abused Kaman for 12 points and 20 rebounds, all while holding Kaman to 5-17 shooting.
Michael::3 starters shoot a combined 4 for 19 with no free throws  Talk of trading their second best player The Coach is failing here  why do they keep him?  He was doing fine till Kobe came back but he has to be the boss Phil was the boss not Kobe Phil was the boss not MJ  Gasol is a great player if you use him correctly  The Lakers could be much better than their record You need a good point guard in this league  I would get rid of the coach long before I would get rid of Gasol   Kobe is still one of the top 5 players in the League but he needs a coach that can get him to consistently score closer to 20 than 30 and focus on defense, assists and rebounding. Gasol is a handful in the low bloc with his quickness but he needs to get the ball when he is down low not up high  He is a center offensively not a forward  The coach is not strong enough to deal with Kobe like Phil was and there is no reason to blame Gasol who is a great player if you use him correctly.
David::When will it Dawn on D'Antoni his style of offense is causing all these torn ligaments, muscles and,broken bones ???? Try pushing some 300 LB couch potato to run wind sprints and watch as he either blows his knees out or drops dead of a Heart attack. Gasol CANT run the floor as he once did, Bryant CANT run the floor as he once did and Nash,,,,well I doubt he will EVER be able to run again. These guys MUST play in a HALF COURT Offense ala Phil Jackson
BendGod::Hey everyone I found my Bipolar med's now all I have to do is find my schizophrenia med's.
Larry::I remember when I first came here, no one knew me and liked me. What happened?
Naturally Tanned Man::well I got 2/3 predictions right. Brandon knight killed the lakers and blowout. Larry sanders only blocked 4 shots :(  Happy new year to all members of hater nation. Happy new year to you as well laker fans even after this embarrassing way to begin 2014
Sher::D' Antoni is only at best a sub .500 coach. Forget the playoffs. But then, maybe this is the plan? Get rid of Gasol. Get the #1 pick and still keep Kobe and Nick Young and keep Nash for next year? Oh, and maybe get a great free agent too? Then you got a good team which they still can do if they keep Gasol. Get rid of Gasol, and then they could pick up two top notch free agents and still get the #1 pick. Yeah, c'mon Lakers, keep losing man.
Larry::Well if Brandon Knight scored 37 against the Lakers and he didn;t play 10 minutes and the Bucks probably weren;t serious in the fourth quarter... why was it so far-fetched for me to state the following a week ago: "If you play the Pacers again, and Paul George was offered $1M if he could score 80, he could do it against your sad team!!!!"
Homey D Clown::It would be less cruel trolling an online funeral home guest book  then piling on this dead team. LMFAO!
Truth Be Told::Lakers fans blaming D'Antoni for losing with a starting lineup of Jordan Farmar, Shawne Williams, Jodie Meeks, Nick Young and washed up Pau. Worst starting lineup in the NBA this year. You didnt lose because of D'Antoni, you lost because of Jim Buss and Mitch Kupchak. They put together a garbage roster of washed up crippled has beens. You are blaming the wrong guy! How can you have the 3rd highest payroll in the NBA and have no good players? That isn't the coaches doing! Phil wouldn't win with this trash either and you are stupid if you think he would.
