mdtuzo::its amazing weve gotten over 20 wins without a legit big man on the roster...
Mballa1244::Knick fans are delusional. but do they know it yet?
ZachRamsfelder::is it possible that lester hudson is legit?
Munger88::Lester Hudson is the only Division I men's basketball player to achieve a quadruple double with 25 points, 13 rebounds, 10 assists and 10 steals. I'd say he's legit.
CandySparker::
sugarglyder::Hudsanity!
Cap_Cee::When Gerald Green was a senior in high school, I predicted he would go on to become an All Star in the NBA. After a few years as a bust and perennial D-Leaguer, maybe there is still hope!
tomBabauts::You have no future in scouting LOL
seatakers::DWade to Cleveland!!!
Hierosonik7::I'm sure this has been discussed ad nauseum, but why was Parker riding the bench?
Stevencano::gerald green is the MAN
Hands Off Hobo Joe::#4 pick here we come, Cavs
MightyHEAT007::Cant believe someones here,,, nets and cavs sucksss!!!!
KingGeorge53::I guess that means you do as well since you're here.
DPetro10::Yea green love that guy ...nets keep up the good play
Its all my fault::Lester Hudson &gt; Jeremy Lin... ESPN is up NY's BUTT!! LOL
screwhead2305::hey Nets fans.. what are yal planning to do with Gerald Green?
Xarr9::Lose him. Just all all the good players that come to the Nets.
Ari Pike::resign him, you'd figure
Latino_sportsguy::Nets gotta go on a 5 game winning streak =)
GetEmJov::Looks like G. Green has finally found a home in the NBA.  He always had the athletic ability but his time in NJ has been good for him.
Lebron is in the illuminati 2::What if DWill ends up going to the Blazers in the summer? I know his top choice will be the Mavs but we can offer him more money. And he'd be on a nice team with Aldridge, Batum, Matthews, JJ, and 2 lottery picks. A person can dream right?
screwhead2305::i wouldnt call that a nice team.. maybe Aldridge but thats it..
Its all my fault::Lester Hudson and Donald Sloan! WOW! &lt;3
KingGeorge53::Good game for the Nets and their fans.   Best of luck for the rest of the season and at the ping pong pick.
Chuloflow::Good game Nets, Hopefully you guys take 1-2 against 76ers and maybe a surprising victory over Boston in your three upcoming games..   -Knicks fan
Rezo201::I would rather lose out.
Ivanna Jakitov::Hard to believe Casspi is averaging more ppg than JJ
KingGeorge53::What was that?    btw, I'm not a big fan of either, but at least Omri knows where to go on the floor.
KingMe52::JJ still has the better highlight play of the season though...
KingGeorge53::?     JJ had Drew Gooden disease.    Can't remember stuff.
Rezo201::With Williams leaving Green is the only thing we have to look forward to at this point, unless King screws us on that also.
beastfromnujerz::We won but i kinda wanted an L.
ThePhinsPhan-::N E T S
brandtmoore::right there with you swami30 :)
Its all my fault::stupid gamblers... great game Brooklyn! GO CAVS!
USMC3121::Nets play down to teams they should kill and play up to teams that they should get killed by! I will never bet another $$$ on their sorry $@%!$!!
KingMe52::Three undrafted players, a rookie, and old man Jamison take an NBA team to OT.... Can't say they aren't trying to win.
KingGeorge53::Lester the Molester wants another 10 day contract.
swami30::+7 i meant
brandtmoore::"I just thought it would be a 8-9 point win" with the previous 3 matchups showing absolutely nothing towards that trend.  I hear they have roulette at the casino...
USMC3121::Funny brandmore like i said i didn't go big on this game if i would have i would have done more research Nets played like $@%! and $@%! the trend!!
brandtmoore::lucky?  Look at the previous matchups.... they won 2 and the other one they lost but only by 3... taking a +7 spread for cleveland on this game was a $@%!$@% easy win.
swami30::fade the public scrub
KingGeorge53::Don't kick the dog on your way out the door.   Loser
USMC3121::BS $@%! talker!!! I do very well betting the NBA sometimes that's just how $@%! goes that's why i normally stay away from garbage games like this but i put a little on the Nets because i thought it would be a 8-9 point win against a sorry Cavs team!! again you got lucky see ya next game!
USMC3121::And you knew $@%! punk like you knew Hudson and Jamison was going to show up for the Cavs you just got lucky!!
Ivanna Jakitov::Now all we need is a win by SAC tonight
swami30::+6 yipee
Rezo201::That was like watching the special olympics or something. The winner is just less re-tar-ded.
KingGeorge53::Was actually a good game to watch.      For both teams, at least they were both in it and in to OT.
yata9arasu::Good game Nets!  Go Cavs!
Rezo201::The whole building knew he was gonna shoot a 3 and the Nets still let him get off a good look.
beastfromnujerz::This game should have never been so close. FIRE AVERYYY
Anti-Stratfordian::Go for the win.  4 pt play.
dave1863::$@%!$@%! NEED TO FOUL HERE
Rezo201::By the way the only reason the Russian is even at a game is due to the owner meeting things, otherwise he would not be there.
True StorieS::I never understood how a guy as athletic as Green finds himself out of the league with so many scrubs on the end of benches.
Rezo201::The Russian shows up to his first game this season and he has to watch this embarrassing performance. The Cavs have a worse record than the Nets and we can't beat them without their best player at home. lol
swami30::if something is to good to be true like cavs w/ no players usually is lol suckas
i liked this comment::HAHAHAHAHHAHAHA
John24886::calm down rook
swami30::when will $@%!$@% learn fade the public
USMC3121::This is BS like i said Garbage barely beating Garbage teams like the Cavs and players like Jamison and Gee and Hudson don't show up in pressure games that's why they are on the Cavs!!
USMC3121::Really King full of $@%! George!!
KingGeorge53::really.     I'm not the one losing money.
KingGeorge53::USMC is a pathetic troll.   Happy Easter KingMe
KingMe52::4 of the Cavs top 6 players are out, that's why Hudson is on the Cavs. Don't forget that when Cleveland was healthy they were fighting for a playoff spot.
Intel_Pick::Wow
EWinz117::F##@$$CK
Buy Another Cup You Cheapskate::Just showed the Russian mafia on CLE TV
Ivanna Jakitov::lol. I luv the Russians
Rezo201::The Nets just invent different ways to blow games. The Nets have had last possessions of games where they didn't even get a shot off 4 times. lol
i liked this comment::this game is the cavs playoffs...........lol
