Eliminate_the_BCS::Seems pretty clear if you read Delante West's lips as he stuck his finger in Gordon's ear that he (West) is a racist who hates white people.
zulu696::d west what a punk. hayward should have floored him
GamecubeSSBMegg2::Hey does anyone have the clip of the commentator going crazy in...I think it was the 4th quarter? I just heard it on Mike and Mike and I must hear it again!
GamecubeSSBMegg2::Wow...I feel pretty dumb right now.
Eliminate_the_BCS::That was at the end of the Utah at Memphis game a few nights ago.  It was NOT from last night's Utah vs. Dallas game.
citruscitrus::It really annoys me that it's been coined a "wet willy" since that really serves to diminish and whitewash how aggressive West's stunt actually was.  Coupled with the "$@%!$ a** white boy" comment he clearly uttered, West's "wet willy" is in all actuality the most classless, racist thing caught on tape in the NBA this season.
basketballjones1994::Last year the Jazz were in Boston and KG called Hayward the N word. Maybe it's because he's white..
mark35345::OMIGOD: if this doesn't tire out the Mavericks then what will? Kidd and Carter are just too old to be playing that many minutes. Terry and Nowitski looked dead tired Sunday and Monday wasn't kind to them either (body wise). All this for a game against the Jazz? Popp would have sat his starters - wouldn't he? After all with the refs, the crowd, and the motorcycle fumes: it ain't worth it!
Rdhutchi::Best dunk montage I've seen in a while Check this out if you love dunks!!!!!!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDc-di5kIek
u_cant_ban_me::Yesterday was all mav fans crying about the Laker game with tons of excuses, now what?????
ScottieMo::Man, you have it hard for the Mavs, huh?
Dr.BoiseStBronco22::LOL!!!!! MAVS SUCK!
lakeshow8424::" We need to review whether triple overtime is good for the game."  - Mark Cuban
basketballjones1994::He said that...? Ohhhh lord.
Purp-n-Yellow::Mavs suck. Fact
dysfox::I believe i did not see Terry do his yet thing again WHY???
dysfox::O MAVS lost again
Big EL 42::D. West really gave somebody a wet willy?
TalkNbaFan::Dirk being 7ft tall besides him never playing defense he dont even rebounds like 6reb a game w.tf...pathetic
zprince3::Dirk kept the Mavs in the game and hit big shots.  As a Jazz fan, I hate that flopping, whiny jerk as much as anybody, but he did not "suck"
TheFeedMachine::Dirk is an average defender and has been for the past 2-3 years. He played no defense under Don Nelson but starting with Avery Johnson being the coach, he has slowly improved on defense each year.
dankdoggy666::Quit sucking his dick lol dirk sucks
TubbyTime334::I Bet he Sucked when he Shat on Your Team in The Playoffs.
TubbyTime334::You Just Disrespected  one of the Games Greats. Jump into a hole and never come back.
TalkNbaFan::Lmao no wonder odom did not want to play for the mavs they freakn suc.k lol worse defending champs ever
PimpASparky::The Mavericks looked OLD!!!!  They will not last in the playoffs because of their inability to rebound the basketball.
ken b good::Dallas seems to be the only team in the league to constantly put itself in a position where the “REF’S” can steal a game from them. Maybe it’s not the refs but the fact that this is the oldest team in the league and they simply run out of gas……..
mavericksfan071::They had been doing great on the glass, Big Al was out of his mind last night. Dont think they looked old. They play an over time game last night, and made it to a 3rd overtime.
ken b good::Does anyone find it strange that in overtime S. Marion's butt was stayed on the Bench? Thought the he was supposed to be your best defensive player. Has anyone heard an explanation? Was it Coach’s decision or did he Odom out? Curious
mavericksfan071::There is article about it on ESPN dallas....
ken b good::Thanks again, but it still sounds strange.
mavericksfan071::Refs changed the game last night after the odd tech by West. Missed calls on both ends, hard fought game. The Jazz got it done in the 3rd overtime.
winters999::dallas misses tyson chandler's defense.  brendan haywood is a little better offensively but he doesn't bring it on the other end like chandler.  but u still gotta respect the champs until somebody knock them out.
_Buckster_::Al Jefferson &gt; Blake Griffin
TCdallas83::Dallas makes it to the playoffs... beware...
tells...it...like...it...is::Now that's funny!!!
GoTmJazz52::Ha ha ha ... .... take that Dallas go home! Bunch of Punks!!!
BigDSportsMavsCowboys::good luck trying to make the playoffs jazz fan.
RonTuna::TURN OUT THE LIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGHTS THE PARTIES OVER..........
BigDSportsMavsCowboys::Mavs can clinch a playoff spot if they win both of their next 2 home games against the Rockets and Golden State. The last 2 game will just determine seeding. Rather play the spurs or OKC so it would be less traveling
olwildcory723::Dallas could also fall out of the playoffs, so don't speak too soon.
gmskking::Wow, Dallas needs someone who can bring down boards.  Got dominated by Jefferson?  Dirk is the worst rebounder for his height.
jakec213::I don't care what position you play, if you're 7 feet tall you better be grabbin tons of boards!!
BigDSportsMavsCowboys::Maybe cause Dirk is a PF and not a center. Not Dirks fault Haywood is a crappy center.
HTM_BOYS::Best rebounder on the league is Kevin Love and he's a PF
RonTuna::DIRK=DOINK
Stevo0429::The mavs are pretty much in. Even if they lose at home to the Rockets. They'll probably lose at Chicago, then win the rest of their games. Houston would probably lose at Miami and win the rest of their games. These are two likely scenarios. Then both teams would have identical records, but since they only played 3 times this year, the mavs hold the tiebreaker by winning the season series 2-1. Kinda unlucky for the Rockets really.
ICE3339::This is the worst defending champ in a long time. hope the mavs enjoy watching highlights of that 1 title run cause it's all they're gonna get.
winters999::no the heat that won it 06 was the worst.  they had everybody back and STILL SUCKED.
SportsFan7310::yankees are garbage
16Lakers18::Cuban's Dallas Mavericks in real trouble.  Cuban thought he was soo smart not signing Chandler or Barrera and save money to get some big free agent.  NO BIG NAME will want to play for Dallas if they don't make the playoffs, why would anyone want to waist thieir prime in Dallas?  This is Dirk's worst year he has had since his rookie year, its all down hill from here Mavs fans.  Mavs might struggle for the next 4 or 5 years.
serpephone::whatever, Lakers fan
tgreeson80::You act like Dirk's "worst year" is a bad year or something.  Scoring is down by 1.3 points, shooting pct is still close to 46 pct, a departure of about .15 pct.  Same amount of attempts, around a half of an attempt made less.  Same three pt pct, HIGHER free throw pct.  Yes, he struggled in the beginning with conditioning, but I can point several "stars" out who have.  I am a Pacer fan, and Danny Granger JUST NOW got over 40 pct shooting.  Now I do not put him in the same class as Dirk, but to characterize Dirks year as bad is wrong.
AGon334::Delonte West: "He had some lint in his hair. I was just trying to get it out for him," West said, adding a bit of levity to the odd situation. "I was giving him a Wet Willie. That's all."
OOHnirav::Even as a Mavs fan, I have to admit Jazz looked awesome last night. Good game and good win for them. Hope my Mavs can pick up their game and start rolling in time for the playoffs.
Purp-n-Yellow::The lakers swept the mavs this year so what now bi!tch
RonTuna::HELL YA.....LAKERS SWEEP MAVS 4-0.....BRING IT ON FLUKE CHAMPS
TubbyTime334::How Bout You Lakers Stop Worrying about The Mavs and how they Swept you last Year, and instead Worry about how your Team will look when Kobe gets back.
olwildcory723::Yeah Kobe will turn it on in the playoffs  just like last yea...oh wait
Big EL 42::Not a Laker fan, but I never count them out....With Session, they look rejuvenated and w/a healthy Kobe could easily beat anybody in the west in a series
RonTuna::WORRY NOT....THE BLACK MAMBA STILL HAS 5TH AND 6TH GEAR FOR THE PLAYOFFS....LIKE THE OTHER 5 RINGS HE WON......COUNT ON IT
oaklycon::Just to clarify, West did NOT poke Hayward in the back of his head, But basically gave him a dry "Wet Willie". He should've gotten more than a Technical foul. I hope he guess at least a good fine and a suspension. Totally unsportsmen like.
King Furious D::west is a D-Bag!!
jakec213::The league will probably review it and suspend him and give him a fine. I can't see them overlooking this because it makes the league look worse.
Allen6338::Glad to  see Cuban Dallas bums lost again these are the worst champs ever can't even stay in the 6th place and sinking fast what bums.
izrosechinese::Told you FILTHY Dallaqs PIGS that was a FLUKE title last year! Back to where you belong with that $@%!$ Cuban! LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSERS!
Allen6338::forget it Dallas does sucks.............
TubbyTime334::Liking Your Own Comment Makes You A Loser.
Purp-n-Yellow::Mavs are pathetic, back to being choke city after one year of success
Dirk2XMVP::Just read over some of the comments and it's all Mavs hate. Since winning the NBA Championship the Mavs have gotten as much hate as the Cowboys. Lets Go Rangers!!
olwildcory723::Mavs could easily be a lottery team this year. Couple losses away is all.
Bynum Pulls Down 30::No one hates a lottery team
ScottieMo::Well, the Mavs aren't a lottery team. So, that's a stupid reply.  And I love how the Lakers fans know that their only recourse is to point to the past. The past that has very very little to do with this Lakers team. Only 4 guys are really any kind of factor to any of those titles. And the most recent history is the Mavs sweeping the Lakers out of the playoffs on their way to a title and the Lakers not even being professional enough to handle it like grown ups.
TubbyTime334::I'm Glad You Passed History Class.
kicked off again1::the kind that was coming off back-to-back titles....so let's see, in the last 3 years the lakers have twice as many titles as mavs.....and all-time 16 - 1........yeah, you guys have room to talk $h!t
DynastyinBigD::Yet you and all your laker buddies come here to talk sh.it about the supposed "Lottery TeaM". Justr admit all you laker fans are still but hurt by that 0-4 Sweep in last years playoffs. What kind of defending champs gets swept 0-4 in the playoffs? LMAO
kicked off again1::nuggets too
kicked off again1::mavs suck
Ther-a-pist Joe.::Lol virgin spammer and hardly anyone is still on the board.
Nuggets_Gallo::Nuggets 2012 Champs!!
Sports fan 26::Only drug addicts believe this.
Nuggets_Gallo::Nuggets 2012 Champs!!
Nuggets_Gallo::Nuggets 2012 Champs!!
Nuggets_Gallo::Nuggets 2012 Champs!!
Nuggets_Gallo::Nuggets 2012 Champs!!
Nuggets_Gallo::Nuggets 2012 Champs!!
Nuggets_Gallo::Nuggets 2012 Champs!!
Nuggets_Gallo::Nuggets 2012 Champs!!
Nuggets_Gallo::Nuggets 2012 Champs!!
Nuggets_Gallo::Nuggets 2012 Champs!!
Nuggets_Gallo::Nuggets 2012 Champs!!
