Trent MirabileWilleart::LeBron made the smart move to kick it to Haslem he is a very efficient mid-range shooter and when the double team came down on Bron the kick out was smart. James is a very smart player and extremely athletic. If Haslem made the jumper everyone looks at LeBron like oh what a non-selfish play to kick it to Haslem for the easy jumper, but no he missed it so what. Stupid press people need to find something else then nagging on the bad stuff. Even if James took the shot it would have been a difficult shot with a double team probably a big man coming up off the low block to help with defense so get off his back and leave James alone.
todogg15::KOBE IS MOST OVERRATED PLAYER IN THE NBA CUZ OF LACK OF TEAMWORK MORE HERE http://sportsfromlucas.blogspot.com/
MONSTAZRULE::your going to run around and post this on every site huh? stop it!!(Stephen A. voice)
Dancing_Chalupa::Lebron played great. The play that was called, was right. UD was wide open. Just a missed shot. The haters, or the true words, the jealous people because Lebron doesn't play in their team, they'll talk smack either way. If Lebron threw it up in that coverage, they'd say he made a dumb play even if it went in. Doesn't matter.  Once playoffs time comes, those same people will be here inventing new excuses why their team lost. And I am sure we all know which fans those will be.
Dancing_Chalupa.::I don't know who this bum is but I'm the REAL Dancing_Chalupa. and I LOVE the Bulls!  Tip for you, buddy - WIN SOMETHING. Then celebrate.
JazzCubs::I am not a LBJ fan at all but the play that was called provided for the pass out.  He needed an iso or come off a screen.  Even so, the shot he made just beforehand was a tougher shot than this would have been.
..TheSixthHeatle..::With Wade on the team every play will have the option for the pass out. When I look at the replay, I see a very soft coverage with Lebron passing before the double even comes close. He didn't want the shot.
..TheSixthHeatle..::there was no coverage, there was no play being run for Haslem, he planned on passing it all along...too afraid to be burdened with the last shot.
GrizzK4::I'm pumped my Bulls retook the East lead, but I gotta give it to Lebron. He had an incredible 4th quarter last night, and he made a great pass out of a double team to a WIDE OPEN Haslem. He did all the work to get them the chance to win, and the Jazz did the right thing and doubled him. If he would have taken that shot and missed he would have been crucified for not finding the open guy!  He showed he can play in the clutch, just not very consistently yet. Hopefully he never figures it out :P
dmcmorris08::the double was still coming, he saw it coming then passed if he takes one more dribble he is double teamed
..TheSixthHeatle..::if that was a double team, it was the softest double team ever..
GoGreen4d13::Am I alone?
MONSTAZRULE::yes...uh no......but as soon as I post this message.....yes....yes you will be
scape228::This is where you start to lose your credentials again "Associated Press." Sometimes I wonder if the writers are actually watching these games or if they're on their Blackberrys, IPhones or laptops and only look up to see the last play. Perhaps watching repeats of Skip Bayless or Charles Barkley. I'm not a LeBron fan. I'm a Heat fan. But come on...really? The Allstar game is one thing but this was a real game, and LeBron made a real play. He was completely covered on the double team by the Jazz and passed it to a wide open Haslem who missed his shot from his spot. Wade missed every shot he took in the last minutes and missed a key free throw at the end. (I'm a Wade fan but unlike you I call it like I see it.) Now Hudonis hasn't been liking the questions about his shot this season but do something about it. Once again he missed and once again the Heat lost a couple of key rebounds with Haslem fighting his own teamates for it. Once with Pittman another with Joel. Please watch the games AP, Espn, and all you so called experts.
jlwatts1917::Softest double team ever. Even a player like Brandon Jennings woulda shot that ball with 3 players hanging off him. Bron had like 2 players "around" him so he passed.
scape228::Jennings is an idiot.
so3icy::I agree that LeBron made the right play. If you don't and think that he shy'd away from the big moment, this might explain the psychological aspect of it: http://thenaykedtruth.blogspot.com/2012/03/lebron-...    based on research dating back to St.Vincent/ St. Mary's days
mike614 1002::There isnt even really a true  heat fan that exists! People there wont even care if these $@%!$@%! win a title
Michael38061::In athletic ability alone, Lebron is the superior athlete to Michael Jordan
Trent MirabileWilleart::James vs. Jordan(in his prime)... James is still more explosive offensively, defense he is great but Jordan is alittle better who cares who wins this one wouldn't it be crazy to see this actually happen. They both have mad respect for one another. Dream Team LeBron James Micheal Jordan Oscar Robertson Wilt Chamberlin Kobe Bryant
Robert156877::I agree, he is a superior athlete right now to Michael Jordan right now, but he is not a superior athlete to Michael Jordan in his prime, nor does he possess the drive to succeed that Michael Jordan has.
dmcmorris08::They are probably comparable as far as athletic ability, but Lebron is just  a freak of a human being so it seems like he is more athletic.  He is basically a 6-9 point guard its ridiculous!
Michael38061::He always has to guard himself from hitting his head on the rim. That's ridiculous
Michael38061::you can see their highlights on youtube
Michael38061::Jordan is bald
nba is the worst::IN WHAT WAY?
GoGreen4d13::Athletic ability alone, yeah   Hair? No
GoGreen4d13::Nobody hates LBJ He was a great president
Michael38061::Jordan became the solution to the Magic-Bird-Thomas rivalry. New king in town
Dancing_Chalupa::Nobody ever put Thomas in that elite group back then. he couldn't even make it to the Dream Team.
Michael38061::Thomas had 2 championships
brattboy99::LOL@Thomas
FlawlessVictoryKid1.0::M.J. was hated because he was losing all the time, and nobody believed in him. M.J. reinforced his will to become better to prove everybody wrong. LBJ is hated because he HAD THE DECISION, TOOK THE EASY RODE TO TEAM UP WITH TWO SUPERSTARS, and CHOKES ALL THE TIME WHEN IT MATTERS.  Don't you..ever ever ever ever ever...compare LBJ to Jordan. If you do this in real life...you will be eaten alive. M.J. never punked out like a puss like LBJ did. He has never had his jersey burned either..lol.
Dancing_Chalupa::Gotta laugh when little kids act like they know something of basketball past.
buller23::Jordan was never hated
MONSTAZRULE::He played like he demanded that respect and I think Bron's the truth but he doesn't demand the same respect cause he doesn't play like it..You think Kobe or MJ cared if you liked them or not....no they wanted to kill ya team,ego,confidence, fan base and they played like it...Lebron does great things on the court but he's to "cool" in  demeanor at times for me..not that he has to act like a-hole but get mean sometimes
buller23::not the same as lebron. i dont like the lakers but i like kobe. MJ had alot more respect
MONSTAZRULE::yeah he was there are many a  franchise fans that would disagree
..TheSixthHeatle..::but jordan had Luc Longley
..TheSixthHeatle..::Lebron is getting better at handling the pressure, better 4th quarter stats, better overall gameplay....but that last game-winning shot has the most pressure on it, and Lebron.....
buller23::he should be improving hes been in the league 9 years
jlwatts1917::I thought last night was the night when brons nuts would finally drop. Guess the little fella just wasn't ready.
..TheSixthHeatle..::LMAO!
GoGreen4d13::Why do we hate Kobe? Because a rape charge, his only crime, didn’t stick due to lack of evidence?  Because Michael Jordan said Kobe is the only one worthy to be compared to him?  Because he has 5 rings 14 all stars? 9 Defensive championships? Youngest to 25,000 pts?  Because he scored 27 AFTER a broken nose and concussion?  Because we’d rather believe conspiracy than just believe he’s so good?  Because he’s a ballhog, like every other legend?  Because the only person with any shot at reaching Kobe can’t win a ring (LeBron)?  Because he has played the last 5 years with broken fingers, tweeked ankles &amp; knees and still been top 5 in scoring every year? Because we say he can't play defense, but he has been in defensive first team 9 times?  Because, at this rate of scoring, he’ll likely be atop ALL TIME SCORING?  Or, because we know our own favorite players, mine being Kevin Durant, pale in comparison?  Is it because we know, deep in our hearts that their best will never be better than Kobe?  Or, is it because we think that by saying our mute points over and over that our favorites will be better than Kobe? Is there any valid reason why we hate him? Why? Did you know MJ was hated during his career?
dmcmorris08::No, we hate him cause he's a $@%!$@, its very common.
illestprospect::Jordan had 32,000 points in 1072 games played. Everyone else near the 30k  is well above 1150.
GoGreen4d13::Kobe can get 1k a year for 5 yrs and get da record... He's only 32... Mj left at 39
buller23::MJ played 15 years
illestprospect::In how many games though
MONSTAZRULE::smh lol
illestprospect::Nothing I'm just messing around. I don't anything about Jordan's career, those numbers were made up
MONSTAZRULE::I agree it's cool stat and all but what's this to do with LeBron even being mentioned in the same category as Kobe in this point of his career?
illestprospect::Because at the rate Jordan scored he could've had 40000 career points without all the time missed
MONSTAZRULE::why does it matter? i don't get some yall smh
GoGreen4d13::He is at 29k
illestprospect::Let's see him get 30000 points in under 1100 games.
redbob4444::ok ok ok (voice of reason) first off lebron didnt go 10-11 by taking contested fade away double teamed shots so there gos that argument .... and secondly you people who hate on lebron im guessing dont watch the heat games or are to busy waiting for something to go wrong to really appreciate his greatness when its all said in done his name will be on discussion for GOAT and all the hater would have missed the spectacular career of lebron because they were to busy hating so if your a true basketball fan do yourself a favor and just marvel at his greatness for a few games instead of souring his performance by all your critical biases
IsaiahFrancis::the number one enemy to lebron's legacy is lebron himself  he'd be so much greater if he didn't defeat himself. 10-11 and not taking contested shots? did you see the crazy 2 pt shot that was almost a 3? that was contested but he's so good he made it anyway  he needs to be more selfish like mj and the like if he wants to put his name up their among the best. i think he'll learn
redbob4444::he mad one contested single team crazy shot thats all i went back and double checked that so im gussing your one that didnt watch the game to bad you missed a awesome performance
nba is the worst::DUDE - HE WAITED FOR THE (BARELY) DOUBLE TEAM AND PASSED.    HE COULD HAVE SHOT THE BALL WIDE OPEN WHEN HE CAUGHT THE PASS, OR IMMEDIATELY DROVE TO THE RIM
illestprospect::If it makes you feel any better I only care to watch Chicago play. I miss all the good players' careers then.
redbob4444::honesty is always appreciated
nba is the worst::You didn't watch?  Those shots were ALL contested.  AND HE WAS OPEN WHEN HE CAUGHT THE INBOUNDS PASS!
randy_butterfield::"first off lebron didnt go 10-11 by taking contested fade away double teamed shots so there gos that argument..."  Not true AT ALL.  His long distance shots in the 4th quarter (he hit them all, by the way) were highly contested.  He should have taken that shot at the end.
..TheSixthHeatle..::I agree, that 3 he made was far more difficult than the last shot would've been (at least in our minds, not Lebron's)
buller23::i heard pat riley is making all heat players and personal take classes teaching the Heimlich Maneuver
randy_butterfield::You know you're in a damn good division (the Northwest Division) when your last place team (Utah) beats Lebron and Wade.
IsaiahFrancis::the west is just overpowered
jcutler92::Define Greatness: Fact in the 4 mins Scalabrine played Scal himself had about half as many points yesterday as the entire Heat bench did vs the Jazz.
BrutusDAFL::That was the best 4th quarter I've seen Lebron play since game 4 and 5 of the second round with the celtics last year. Wade made HUGE mistakes at the end that cost us the game. Jazz took advantage of Bosh not being down low and Bosh puts up 20-25% of the heats points a game. we really missed him tonight. This might sound crazy, but I'm ok with this loss Lebron put the team on his back in the 4th Had me jumping out my seat the 2 threes he hit reminded me of the 2 he heat in Paul Pierce face last year to send them home. This team is going to the finals. I believe it.
nba is the worst::INCREDIBLE, ELECTRIFYING 2ND HALF FOR LEBR0N ON BOTH ENDS OF THE COURT.  THAT'S WHY THE REFUSAL TO TAKE THE LAST SHOT WAS SO JARRING
illestprospect::Lol yea by default. The East is unfortunately no better than it has been. It only looks that way cause one of the better teams in the league
Simeon4u::I say this with confidence that all those folks that really hate LBJ are not true fans of Basketball, true Bball fans recognize greatness and he is the best player of the modern era.
Simeon4u::Check ur stats, only Kobe for the last 4 yrs scored more that LBJ in the 4th quarter with less than 5mins to play with 5 or less pts separating teams
..TheSixthHeatle..::of course, they lead the league in scoring year after year. I just want the "king", the best player in the world, the bearded dragon, or whatever you want to call him from your knees, to take the last shot. Make or miss, he's the one who should be taking these shots.
nba is the worst::How's he do in the Finals, son?  Smh
..TheSixthHeatle..::I agree, he's an absolutely incredible basketball player that doesn't want the ball at the end of the game. He's getting better at taking over in the 4th...hopefully he can take that last step
..TheSixthHeatle..::I guess the heat ownership isn't paying Lebron to take the last shot; at least he showed up in the 4th for once.
freshstart_777::Good talking with you cats, but I'm out! GO LAKERS!
redbob4444::see ur as$ sunday h0e
FlawlessVictoryKid1.0::Kobe was backing down LBJ like a b.i.t.c.h. in his prime...knocking down jumpers left and right. LBJ even made sure he didn't go head to head against Kobe during that time much...so he wouldn't get embarrassed even further. Heck LBJ doesn't go head to head with Kobe too much now and Kobe is older now. Kobe just has more of a competitive presents that LBJ isn't man enough to stand up to on a consistent basis.
Giantiki::The game never comes down to one play, or one shot. But why does nobody blame it on Haslem? You know, the GUY WHO SHOT THE WIDE OPEN JUMPER. I hate basketball fans.
buller23::are u kidding me. i will give u 120 mil. reasons
IsaiahFrancis::haslem normally makes those jumpers, that's his shot  however, i just don't see lebron taking the last shot because he's scared, believing that he can't make the shot. this thinking is a result of him believing what people say about him, whether it's true or not
Giantiki::You know it's ironic, because the ONE part of LeBron's game that needs work is his jumpshooting. So he then does the smart things and instead of forcing a contested shot, he passes to the wide open shooter. One that can knock that shot down all the time. Also, if this happened with Kobe, this would never even be an issue, everyone would just look the other way like always.
nba is the worst::10-11 dude.  Unstoppable.  So he stopped himself, and the heatles lost.  Stop with the BS about "forcing a contested shot"...
seth.gillentine::Because they look for every way to hate on LeBron even if someone else took the shot they still try to blame him for losing the game
Simeon4u::I second that. Hate bball fans
nba is the worst::Haslem isn't called the best player on the planet, is he now?
mrwoods123::Cuz Haslem sucks. He wasn't supposed to be taking that shot. lol
freshstart_777::This thing about hating on LBJ is crazy to me! The man is a freak of nature and can flat out ball, but he doesn't have that killer instinct like all the other greats have displayed in the closing minutes. I can only remember 1 time he took the last shot and made it, and that was when they played the Magic in Cleveland.
CyBuck1::LosHeat doesn't even realize without his other troll buddies, he has no one to back up his clown act.  The REAL Heat fans don't have his back.  I'll leave it there.  He's been exposed as a coward.  The REAL Heat fans stood up last night and took their beating.  Why?  Because a real fan doesn't run and hide.  They take the good with the bad.
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Some of us get laid little buddy. Put the lube down, didn't I tell you you can go blind from that??
CyBuck1::I rest my case.  Please pack your knives.  You are not Top Chef.
seth.gillentine::Its kinda funny to me how people say Kobe is better then Lebron.. Besides the rings thing... LeBron has dominated Kobe ever since he came into league.
buller23::not funny its true
seth.gillentine::LBJ is not old lmao and no Kobe was not schooling him either lol he has never let Kobe school him lol i think its the other way around there bud
jlwatts1917::"Besides the ring thing." - typical Heat fan.
jlwatts1917::That explains alot then. Thanks for the clarity.
seth.gillentine::Im not a heat fan either im a Mavs fan but nice try
mrwoods123::LOL at "the rings thing." Like it's irrelevant.
BrutusDAFL::Kobe doesn't play defense anymore. I can't put him #1 without playing defense its ridiculous. . . .
FlawlessVictoryKid1.0::No he hasn't...LBJ only started dominating Kobe when Kobe got old. When Kobe was in his prime he was schooling LBJ every game...lmfao.
jcutler92::LosHeatSonLosMejores4 can you log out and log back in as Heatster so i can smack him around a little bit?
CyBuck1::Dude doesn't realize he's been exposed.  It's really sad.
jcutler92::you mean the winners board?
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Go back to your Bulls vs cavs board
Giantiki::It's amazing how people can watch that game, see how amazing LeBron plays, and then blast him because he passes the ball to a wide open shooter. Yeah, clearly LeBron cost them the game by not taking a contested jumper while being double teamed.
buller23::the way he played in the 4th is the reason he should of A.  split the double team that wasnt even there yet get a layup or foul. maybe a 3 pt, play  B. take the 18 ft. jumper. he was 10 for his last 11 at that point.
nba is the worst::<b>100% correct</b>
redbob4444::no matter what he do people are going to have something to dogg him with i would love to see there favorite player play as good as him then get criticized o wait no one plays as good as him and no one get as much criticism ether
BrutusDAFL::Wade cost them the game, but no one is gonna talk about that. . . .
nba is the worst::Many people have mentioned it.  The only reason the heatles were in a position to win was lebr0n's 2nd half - which is why the thud when he passed up the opportunity to win the game was SO LOUD!
illestprospect::That was hardly a double team
illestprospect::The pass and the shot was fine, i jus saw enough room for James to attempt to drive to the basket
nba is the worst::lebr0n was open as he caught the pass.  Damn right as hot as he was shooting he should have taken it - or cut to the rim.
Giantiki::But Ill, Haslem was WIDE OPEN. Haslem is a pretty solid spot up, mid range shooter, what else can you ask for in that scenario?
illestprospect::I saw the play. If baffles me he didn't try and go around them. The d on him was not even pressed.
Giantiki::If you honestly think LeBron shooting a contested fade away in that spot over a wide open 18 footer for Haslem is the better basketball play, then you are just dumb. I don't know how else to express it.
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::CyBuck1, truth be told, I warned your mom not to roll onto the wet spot I left
ShaqVanGundy::Double yawn
CyBuck1::That the best you've got COWARD?  Yawn.
Lesternesman::No cyber bullies allowed here
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::You are the tough one, when you come down to miami you tell me when, you will see this coward
freshstart_777::Listen, I could of lived with LBJ missing the shot last night. But, this dude didn't even look for the shot! As soon as the ball was in bounded to him he immediately passed the ball to Haslem. As strong and dominate as LBJ is, man go to the basket or something!
Lesternesman::Hey Miami - Lebron will go down as his generation's version of Dan Marino - HOF w/o any rings
illestprospect::With his mentality he shouldn't even be in the hall of fame
jlwatts1917::Excellent point, imo.
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::yawn
jlwatts1917::Lebron needs to go back and look at his hero Tim Tebows tape of the playoff game against the Steelers. When he got the shot in overtime he took it and they won. Clearly Tebow &gt; Bron.
illestprospect::I wish Tebow wasnt such a bad QB. It's hard to even watch him play
FlawlessVictoryKid1.0::You know how elite Kobe is? If you put even one superstar on his team...the dude dominates far greater than even LBJ does. Right now Kobe has bums on his team, but anytime you see him play with other superstars like in the All-Star game...the dude goes HAM! Too much evidence. I'd rather have Kobe on my team.. 10 times out of 10 over LBJ.
Simeon4u::Lebron would put up much better numbers than Kobe if they were on the same team talk about Dominate!
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Bynum and Gasol?? If he used those big men and their talents, he would probably win another title and elongate his career.
BrutusDAFL::Why doesn't he have 5? Because Shaq won the first three that he won and Kob didn't win again until he got Gasol. Say otherwise o.o
redbob4444::OTHERWISE !
FlawlessVictoryKid1.0::Kobe's two Finals M.V.P.'s say otherwise. o.o
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::THANKS TO GASOL!!!!!
FlawlessVictoryKid1.0::Didn't Kobe just win his last ring in 2010?
redbob4444::so to the lebrons haters if he takes that shot and misses then what ?
Simeon4u::I can assure all the haters that an opportunity for Lebron to close will happen before the playoffs. If he misses the haters will find some other reason to critisize James. It's just pathetic.
nba is the worst::Lebron shouldn't care about media/fan criticism - he should do what it takes to be great
redbob4444::you dont think he knew he was going to be criticized ? dosnt it show guts that he knew people were not going to like what he did yet he made the correct play ? haters are blind by hate and i bet most of you are kobe fans LMAO
nba is the worst::I DON'T UNDERSTAND YOUR DECISION TO CALL HIM PASSING THE BALL AFTER A 10-11 UNSTOPPABLE STREAK "the correct play".  They lost!
freshstart_777::I'm a Lakers fan where Kobe happens to be playing.
swishhitta781::In either case it just shows he's not a big time player.  By not taking the shot it means inside he knows it too.
seth.gillentine::Their still gonna hate which is so stupid..
illestprospect::He probably wouldve made it lol
redbob4444::so he didnt show guts taking the last 5 out of 6 shots wile it was close
nba is the worst::Seriously?  His determination and effort were simply amazing that 2nd half - fun to watch - and that play worked perfect, the stage was set for greatness - YOU KNEW HE WAS GOING TO WIN THE GAME WHEN HE CAUGHT THE PASS AND WAS OPEN...  ...and then he declined to even try.  I was SHOCKED!
freshstart_777::At least he took the shot. I mean, he didn't even look for the shot.
nba is the worst::Then he showed some guts for once!
CyBuck1::"I am a coward.  I can't handle the heat.  I like to be a punk, but when the Jazz cut off my balls last night I ran and hid."   - LosHeat
redbob4444::sincerely, some Mormon dude
CyBuck1::Los Heat tries to be all bad@ss with the other Heat trolls, but runs and hides like a coward when his team losses to a sub .500 team.
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::yawn
seth.gillentine::People talk about players with rings and everything and that their not a good player without rings.. So if thats the case then im guessing Robert Horry is better then MJ, Kobe, Magic.. Ect. right ?? Just because you dont have any rings or you have less then another player doesent mean your not a great player.. Dirk is one of the best PF to ever play the game and it took him over 10 years to get his first ring.. Lebron will get his this year and by the end of his career he will have atleast 3 or 4
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::CyBuck1,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"I AM YOUR FATHER"  ~Los
freshstart_777::I'm not disputing that LBJ has been the best for about 4yrs now during the RS, but at the end of the day if this dude doesn't win rings (plural) he'll be a dominate player who just couldn't will his team. We wouldn't be talking about MJ as much if he didn't win multiple rings.
buller23::DUH
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::He did waste 7 years in Cleveland, but until he wins, you are correct. BUT,,,,,,,,,,there is no better player than LBJ @ this moment in the League
nba is the worst::Too funny - according to heatles fans lebr0n was double (or even triple) teamed - but when I watch the clip, he is open after catching the inbounds pass and waits for the (non-aggressive) double to come before passing.  None of the alltime greats would pass up that shot on a 10-11 streak...
jcutler92::Not Kobe not Jordan not Scalabrine none of the greats!!!!
randy_butterfield::I was at the game. After Lebron passed off to Haslam, many of the fans around me were just laughing at how cowardly the guy is.  It's not like he was cold; Lebron was on fire the entire 4th quarter.  So what's with the timid play at the end of the game?
Simeon4u::Jerk what $@%? Can't you use anything else to make ur point. Geese
redbob4444::lebrons not going to force up a $@% if there is a guy wide open for a shot that dude has made his name making em say what you want but he made the right play and if he did shoot and miss then there is another argument o hes not clutch if you watched the fourth quarter its very obvious how clutch lbj is if that any other player in the whole nba people have nothing bad to say lebron single handily kept the heat in the game
Simeon4u::Hey butter boy, can you do anything as good as Lebron plays basketball?
redbob4444::jerk it
Ashy-Larry::suuuuuuure
Ashy-Larry::People don't realize Wade had not won a playoff series since 2006 until LBJ got there last yr..
jcutler92::ashy-larry are you really ashy?
illestprospect::Bulls haven't won one since the late 90s. What's your point?
Simeon4u::I hate the argument about rings rings and more rings. Basketball is a team sport the team wins. King James is by far the best player of this era. Hands down!
Simeon4u::Correct, but how many season has that happened? We use last season NBA finals to define James, WOW. How quickly we forget.
Simeon4u::Of course it is, but is it the only measuring stick. If Lebron goes on any nba team, he'll lead that team is scoring and assist. ANY TEAM
nba is the worst::He didn't in the Finals, son
freshstart_777::The rings are the measuring stick. What the hell else do you play for?
FlawlessVictoryKid1.0::No he's not. Kobe is.
nba is the worst::James posted the alltime finals record scoring drop in June.  Why don't you understand that the skill/ability to do what it takes to win titles as a key starter ON A TEAM is a key criteria for who is "the best"?
seth.gillentine::No hes not!!
tajs mahall::lebi-ch
freshstart_777::The bottom line: LeBron has to win multiple championships in order to be considered one of the G.O.A.Ts.
FlawlessVictoryKid1.0::Kobe has 2 Final M.V.P.'s and 5 rings. ENOUGH SAID..lol.
BrutusDAFL::Who won Finals MVP during the Shaq and Kobe era? SHAQ DID! EVERYTIME! and Kobe didn't win another ring until he got Gasol Kobe has had MAJOR HELP IN EVERY CHAMPIONSHIP HE's EVER WON. why? because he's laker and LeBron spent 7 years in CLEVELAND, but we're not gonna talk about that are we? its allright bro Don't get mad at me If you don't like the truth blame the truth I'm just the messenger.
jlwatts1917::bron couldn't win a ring with shaq. What gives?
BrutusDAFL::That Proves my point The Lakers are big market team the have coddled Kobe his whole career whoever Kobe wants they go out and get him because its "THE LAKERS" Cleveland can't do that. Pat Riley can thats why he's in MIAMI now. . .
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::That was the year Wade dislocated his shoulder and missed almost the entire season you fool
ShaqVanGundy::He could have won when Shaq was there but he had to give up in game 5 against BOS  to help with his exit strategy from CLE
freshstart_777::The Cavs still signed him, so what do you make of that?
Ashy-Larry::A 38 yr old Shaq? are u serious?
jlwatts1917::Wade led the Heat to 15-67 one year after Shaq left. Shaq may have said one thing but the record speaks for itself.
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Are you serious?? Shaq was just collecting a check. He got in the way when he wasn't hurt. Shaq rode Wade's coattails in 06'. Shaq said it himself he was not the main man in Miami..............
ShaqVanGundy::The beauty of lebron is that he even brought Haters to Chris Bosh who seemed to be the most professional and stand-up player with the Heat during the finals
illestprospect::I respect Bpsh. The other two women need to realize this is a competitive sport and not a popularity contest
Giants4Life2222::Wasn't Bosh sobbing right after the Finals ended?
ShaqVanGundy::He may have but I dont know.  But I do know that he said publicly that he wants Dwade to take the last shot of big games. That cant help boost Lebrons confidence at the end of big games
buller23::D-Roses heart and will to win&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;lebronsPER
Drosewillbechamp::first started*
Drosewillbechamp::i love the heats fans "last year" talk.. adorable.
Drosewillbechamp::@illestprospect so bad that we are ahead of the heat in the standings? troll on bro.
Drosewillbechamp::You are missing the point that we beat you guy's last year in the regular season too, and the fact that you heat fans talk about last years EFC or this year's regular season is cute. It only matters in THIS YEARS playoffs bro. Like your own comment some more :)
illestprospect::Bulls are a bad team though. Why do people make it seem like the Heat beating them is relevant?
Ashy-Larry::well they did play this yr annnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnd? lol I guess u will use the no deng card? lol
Drosewillbechamp::Ok well.. we beat the heat last year in the regular season sooo your point? I remember when I first watching basketball too bro.
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Ok, well, we played Bulls once this season so far and beat them.
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::"because we play and back of mine hurts so I play game and put ball in basket points for me"  DRose............
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::yawn
CyBuck1::Still a coward.  You can't escape it, and we won't let you.
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::I was @ Shaquille O'Neals All-Star comedy Jam then getting laid!! Tell moma I'm cuming son!!!
CyBuck1::Still a little coward.  Where were you last night big tough guy?  You ran like a chicken with the rest of your cowardly buddies.  Can't handle the heat, but you sure like to try and dish it out.  Exposed for the world to see the true coward you are.
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::Who the hell are you?? Jazz beat Heat on boards and won. So what shy.t are you talking about son?? Tell your mom I will be over b 6 to have my dinner ready and her P.US.S.Y SHAVED!!! Tired of her not grooming!!
CyBuck1::^^ LosHeat is a coward.  Had his b@lls cut off by the Jazz fans last night, and showed his true colors by running and hiding.  Showed the world his true colors, and all his bravado proves he's a scared little punk.
Ashy-Larry::The same will that LeBron shut down last yr? LMAO
jcutler92::When is Bosh supposed to return?
Robert24907::you guys are idiots and hope u burn in hell. thats over the line... im out
buller23::for those about to rock...we salute you
ShaqVanGundy::I might be going to hell "but all my friends will be there with me too"  . .  AC/DC
jcutler92::thank you?
Ashy-Larry::His grandmother died and you clowns making jokes about it... WOW
jcutler92::exactly we weren't going after grandma Bosh.That would be insensitive.
buller23::j cutler is a stud qb
buller23::not making fun of his Grandma
jcutler92::You laughed dont lie
LosHeatSonLosMejores4::His grandmother died you idiots! He comes back tomorrow
jlwatts1917::As soon as he gets done swallowing his bottom lip.
buller23::soon as he gets done filming Jurrasic Park 4
jcutler92::i lol'd
