Anthony Martinez::I love seeing you laker haters eat crow haha
Justin Jenkins::Final score:  Lakers: 112 Pelicans: 105
Eric Lopez::That's not what happened last time lol. I say Pelicans win 91-83.
Elise Wojciechowski::Lakers89: pelicaNs105
Stay Focused::Same result from Friday and today Lakers losing by double digits
Tray Day::you're an idiot
Kobe Vino::suck it loser. lakers win!
Ted Green::No stars, but this Laker group has enough collective ability, unfortunately it turns out, to win 35-40 games.   Which leaves them stuck exactly where you DON'T want to be.  In lottery no man's land
Kenny Lenz::everybody said lakers was going to be in the lottery last year to
Matthew Reimbold::Kenny Lenz no they didn't.
Will Kinivuwai::Matthew Reimbold Yes they did, people from ESPN to TNT to NBA.com, they all said Lakers weren't going to make the playoffs after the bad start
Aaron Rooney::Hopefully Monty Williams has his Pelicans prepared for the Laker game tonight. I have no doubt that the team is looking ahead to their much bigger game against the Jazz. Teams like the Pelicans are very young and can't look past the really really really awful teams like the Lakers.
Kobe Vino::lakers win!
Aaron Rooney::Like I stated yesterday... This loss is on Monty Williams. There is no reason that the Pelicans should lose to such an inferior team like the Lakers.
John Anhalt::Go figure, the most productive player behind Kobe last year, and the most productive player on the Lakers this year, produces a big game when he get's productive minutes. The key word today is: Productive = Hill. Dantoni is a genius for doing what fans have been screaming at him about since preseason. You need to play your best players the majority of the minutes on the floor. That's how you win. Not trying to fit people into a system that can't work unless you have MVP and HOF players up and down your roster.
Eddie Lazaro::AGREE!
Travis Pavich::Breaking news. Kobe returns tonight, on crutches, shoots 0-32 , then claims it's all his teammates and wants them all traded!
Jacob Sharar::Feel stupid yet? it's 108 to 83...
Travis Pavich::Nope. I am a laker hater, proud of it, and will always post crap about them with no regrets. Freedom of speech my friend.
Michael Bellingary::Must suck having a 1 incher and being surrounded by mormons, huh Travis?
Christopher Moncayo::This is why Jordan Hill needs more mins..!
Charly Suarez::Fag
Darwin Aparicio::Hopefully  Kobe comes back fast
Greg Barnes::Seasons over. Fire D'Antoni. Fire sale the Lakers.
Tray Day::screw you.
Eric Lopez::Are you giving up already?
Eddie Lazaro::I guess you are drooling since you got our Rams stolen, and hoping the Lakers will move to St Louis, too. You are wrong, we will get back the Rams soon and that's the end of it!
Jody George Prats::lol@ Laker Nation
Travis Pavich::Yeah baby. Blowing out the Pelicans. Means one thing. Guaranteed 2014 NBA champions. But let's get real. 27 fouls to 15. Why refs? We never foul anybody. Boy of boy do I hate David Stern and the refs. Always wants us to lose.  Typical Laker Fans.
Kobe Vino::utah jazz suck....lakers own you fools.
Michael Bellingary::Travis eat a bag of dicks
Eddie Lazaro::Michael Bellingary He can't, he is already sitting on it!
Jody George Prats::Lakers are 28th in defense. That's only gonna get worse when ballhog returns.
Akinde Olagundoye::Farmar got no love for flirting with a triple double.
Jody George Prats::Lakers are scrubs with or without Bryant.
Eddie Lazaro::Yes, that is why you are licking it to clean!
Michael Georges::Jordan Hill should stay a starter
Travis Pavich::New Orleans 115 Lakers 64 After the game Kobe says he can't watch this bull crap and demands the lakers to trade everybody!!!
Tray Day::get a life.
Andrew Farrell::Kobe haters are sad
Travis Pavich::I am not a Kobe hater. I am a die hard Laker Hater.
Paul RankPeezzyy Elvis::Xavier Henry KILLLLING IT
Tony Stewart::lakers will win this game
Eric Lopez::lol. You said " Lakers will win this game ".. That made me laugh! xD lol
Andrew Farrell::Eric is probably a clipper or heat bandwagon
Eric Lopez::I am a Clippers fan. And you probably was a Lakers bandwagon so I wouldn't be talking.
Ted Green::Even if there are diminishing returns with Jordan Hill playing heavier minutes, he's still the Lakers best and most energetic big at this point.   Not an MDA type player, but D'Antonio needs to coach the talent he has, not try to shoehorn everybody into his quirky system.  Hill is a starter and must play major minutes
Aaron Rooney::https://www.facebook.com/Lakerclowns
Aaron Rooney::Spread the word...
Aaron Rooney::Anita Kochor dancing tonight?
Robert Thiel::A clippers fan talking big, hahahahahaha
Joe McGivern::Even when Kobe comes back this team is gonna suck.  No chance of a title for LA this year.  No rush, Kobe. lol.  I predict Kobe will sit the whole year.
Eddie Lazaro::I though you got it taken care of!
Mohamed Rafi Sirajuddeen::No Nash, no Kobe and still came off with a W. Good team effort. I know haters will say "Its only the Pelicans".
Mike Plummer::Nash needs to retire before he drags all of his career stats to levels normally reserved for journeymen.
Bill Ryan::Could Lakers use a center that shoots 50%+ and gets 25 rebounds like Howard did last night? Instead of a 43% shooter?
Eddie Lazaro::don't need a $25m child with his circus who throw bricks, can't post and no jump shots. A major liability since he can not close.
