mreeder59::Knick faithful whats up with Novak do you think James should get the opportunity to play he plays better defense,he's atheletic and can hit the three and make his own shot and he's younger than the average knick why is he sitting on the bench help me understand someone please and Copeland is another who should be playing
YanksKnicksGiantsRangers::Funny how nobody on espn today mentioned how curry lost the game for his team in the last 2 minutes by getting the ball stolen twice, getting blocked by Felton and missing a bad shot. Shump shut his a.ss down. Dude got the 3 ball I'll give him that, but seems like they only went in when he was wide open and coming off an illegal moving screen that was never called. Curry got MAD game, bet lets not ride his d.ick too hard. Cuz he failed in the clutch. Straight up got eaten up
moncindy007::Man I love Stephen Curry. I wish David Lee was in the game.
Nayrock10::Lee wasn't game over we won sorry maybe next time
feet5428::Most amazing number = 6. There are 6 members of the current Knicks who were playing at the same time as Steph's father Dell Curry!
Nayrock10::When the Knicks beat the heat by 20 point they didn't want to talk about it.all they said that the heat didn't feel like playing those day.if the heat beat the Knicks on Sunday watch and see how ESPN is going to talk down on the Knicks also when the Knicks was winning at the beginning of the season all the talk about was the Lakers so that being said ESPN don't like the Knicks or NYC at all
chillmode247::Amazing game by Curry!  Funny how ESPN is only comparing this performance at MSG to Jordan's 55, Kobe's 61, and LeBron's 52.  Lately his game is not what it used to be but you gotta add Wade to the mix.  Flashback...no pun...Feb 2009 was a great month for those three.  At MSG, Kobe dropped 61 on 2/2, Lebron 52 on 2/4, and Wade 46 on 2/28.  Kobe - 61pts, 3ast, 0reb, 61%fg, 20/20ft, 1blk, 0stl Lebron - 52pts, 11ast, 9reb, 51%fg, 16/19ft, 2blk, 0stl Wade - 46pts, 10ast, 8reb, 55%fg, 12/12ft, 4blk, 4stl  For all of Feb 2009 they averaged..  Kobe - 31.3ppg, 4.5apg, 5.2rpg, 46.8%fg,  87.2%ft Lebron - 30.7ppg, 7.0apg, 6.7rpg, 48.4%fg, 79.0%ft Wade - 30.9ppg, 8.7apg, 4.8rpg, 50.2%fg, 84.4%ft
Nayrock10::I see that but you know ESPN hate NYC
Nayrock10::Why is curry interview on the Knicks home page?why not put it on GS we don't need it here but he had a great game last night tho lol
patchesOhoulihan.::congrats on almost scoring 100 in the past two games and losing them both
slimgoodie38::i would like to see raymond felton be more agressive! and look to score more he dosent the knicks are in trouble he sacrifices his offense doing other things! as for amerie he has to stay in the game and stop commiting dumb fouls! his offense is needed he only missed one shot from the field in only 20 minutes he put up 2o points jr smith was very impressive but hes not consistent!
Christopher -Bosh::http://www.sportsgeekery.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/lebron-flop-2.gif
russet987::I once scored 60 in a game........ but who cares my team lost!!!!
sumodude28::Knicks fans are funny....  Here's the bottom line....  Knicks will lose to Bulls in 1st round  Warriors will beat Clippers in 1st round
Nayrock10::sumodude28 - Knicks fans are funny....  Here's the bottom line....  Knicks will lose to Bulls in 1st round  Warriors will beat Clippers in 1st round I don't see that at all from either team but my question is why are you here?
Kobelies247::Curry could of scored 100! If his team loses WHO GIVES A CRAP!
jetzyy::Forget Curry's 3 pointer's &amp; Chandler's 28 Boards....Melo had 8 assists !!  Keep it up.
jaywilson84::This game would not have been this close if the knicks put Felton on Curry from the start.  He was playing lockdown D on curry at the end of the game.
fosty::Curry played 48 minutes.  I think his legs started to get the best of him, not Felton.
EnigmaBlack::That was one of the best performances I've ever seen. For those that didn't see it and are true basketball fans; you need to watch this. It wasn't just that he scored 54, it's that he scored most of his points with little to no room and many of the shots never even hit the net. Heck he was 1-2 feet behind the arch on many of his 3's. As a Knicks fan I had to give him a standing "O".
Oaktown1029::word.
12.21.12::Why does everyone love playing their heart out in MSG!?!??!?! This is a bad thing for the Knicks
sumodude28::Mecca oh hoop
Steph Curry is not a rap1st like Kobe Bryant::
Oaktown1029::wow.
Aint that the truth bro::seriously.
Donnie Walsh::DAMN !! What a User Name !!
Donnie Walsh::Solid job by Felton who is obviously playing hurt !! Lock down D at the end when it counted and two successive steals to get the win !! He is a gamer that does not back down and we don't win w/o his heart and effort last nite!!
chicitysports4::scored a bunch of points and his team lost. sounds like kobe
thomascedill::Not bad to be compared to Kobe.
CodyBronson::It doesn't matter that Steph Curry scored 54 points because his team didn't win.  The two games where he has played great and scored a lot of points, they lost both times!
xSomeTexasKidx::Well you probably aren't going to win when the rest of the starting 5 shoots less than 30% from the field, less than 15% from 3, and combines for 13 points. The Warriors really missed David Lee last night.
Lemon Grab::Curry was the only one of his team. got doubled, tripled and quadruple teamed for 3 quarters, all against another playoff team with multiple all stars.
Jamaal 43::Fat Felton keeps getting torched by other PGs. Amare was a none-factor as usual. Melo, Tyson and JR played great.
slimgoodie38::amerie only missed one shot from the feild dumb $@% stat the facts are shut up! and felton is a team player who sacrifices his offense!
the_alba_bang::Actually Shump played Curry most of the game. When Felton guarded Curry at the end of the game, Curry got shut down. Way to comment on a game you didn't even watch.
fosty::Curry played 48 minutes.  His legs shut him down, not Felton.
Mets-Jets-Knicks-Isles19::Curry looked impressive last night...especially the shots that didn't make the net move. Should have been in the ASG.
JaxFl45::I am a Heat fan but I thoroughly enjoyed the game last night. Carmelo is probably the best pure scorer and can get his own shot. However, Steph Curry star rose a little higher last night. This kid was pulling the trigger so fast and his crossover is pretty good too. The game was electrifying. Good for Curry. I guess he didn't like be snubbed for the All Stars game.
jimmyclams::Exactly.. Curry's stock has risen, in an era that has some of the greatest PG's the league has seen... I'd give Durant the purest scorer award though.
JaxFl45::Well, we will disagree on the best scorer. Carmelo can score and he doesn't need any help to do it. Sure, his role has changed some but even last night he had 35 points. Carmelo can also bang and is strong as a bull. I can't slight him in the scoring department because that's what he do.
agoods03::Idk why people are harping on Curry cause of the loss.  He played great, couldn't miss and they still only lost by 4.  The knicks are better than most want to give credit.  I give props to Curry for that performance.
R_A_I_D_E_R_4_2_0::he didnt only score, he had the MOST REBOUNDS for the W's and they still had a chance to win
jimmyclams::of course wins and losses count, but IMO Curry's star was born last night.. Win or Lose he has established himself as a bona-fide franchise player.
ClayDurstoff::Who cares? they lost..even if he scored 90 and they lost...still lost
jonnyd_94::Jordan scored 63 and lost against Bird in the playoffs...people still enjoy the between the legs shot, one of the most famous NBA highlights of all-time...people care about wins, but people care about being entertained, that's what is most important
jimmyclams::This is best group of PG's in the NBA since Magic/Isiah. Hands down the best! CP3, Irving, Rhondo, Rose, Westbrook, Chalmers (on a good night), Curry, Holiday.... Ball handling is king right now.. Who'd ever thunk I'd be praising a dude named "Steph"?
jimmyclams::Ricky Rubio is the missing player. IMO Felton will benefit from playing with J. Kidd in the long-run, but not a stand out just yet.
slimgoodie38::yes felton should be on there he sacrifices his offense to do other things! actually tyson benifites from playing with felton cant get his own shot unless he catches lobs learn the game!
Donnie Walsh::What about Ray Felton? Dude is a warrior obviously playing hurt !!!
thomascedill::No. He sucks and only benefits from playing with Melo and Chandler, as well as good vets like Kidd. He is not in the same breath as Curry.
jimmyclams::hahaha, asterick-OnaGoodNite.
agoods03::Lol, well one of his 6 favorite teams is the heat.
welcome to team xat rlathdus::Someone should smack you for putting chalmers on that list.
Corvo Attano::54 points in a loss. not impressed sorry
BxBruce007::Was impressive until he turned the ball over twice in the closing minutes and cost his team the game.
Oaktown1029::it would not be impressive if he shot 50 times and had other players who could score but just didn't get passed the ball. Warriors had no Lee last night and Thompson and Barnes suck right now, and he had 7 assists. It's just me, but I would call his performance impressive.
Lemon Grab::shut up troll. This $@%!$ scored 54 on a playoff team that has like the 4 seed, while getting double, triple even quadruple teamed
Lemon Grab::CagedWisdomChangedMyLife - Lemon Grab:  "Leave his $@% open at the 3 pt line again, and the same thing will happen." -----------------------------  which one is it? ------------------------------- he was getting doubled and tripled even quadruple teamed dumb sh*t, did you not watch the game. Even those DT failed when he broke free for 3. Knicks fans should commit suicide
CodyBronson::They are actually the 6th seed.
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::Lemon Grab:  "Leave his $@% open at the 3 pt line again, and the same thing will happen." -----------------------------  which one is it?
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::Lemon Grab:  "the knicks almost lost to ONE MAN. They officially are banned from being taking that seriously, so please stop with this 20 blowout BS...." ----------------------------------------------  A man who shot 11-13 from 3...Yes, we're doomed because that happpens all the time in the NBA
BxBruce007::They won. They didn't "almost lose."
Lemon Grab::You as if Rondo shoot 11-13, the point is Curry is a SHOOTER. The man was been in the 3 pt contest. He as always been a legendary shooter. Leave his $@% open at the 3 pt line again, and the same thing will happen.
Oaktown1029::did you even watch the game?
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::so 5 ft behind the 3point line is open to you?  You, Curry, and Ron Artest, but at least 1 of you can actually shoot lol
Oaktown1029::"ALL-STAR THIS"   Steph.
HH69::Thompson, Barnes and Biedrins score a combined 9 points total.  That isn't going to cut it no matter how much one guy scores.  Awesome game for Curry!
Oaktown1029::Beidrins isn't going to score anything - a waste. It is dissapointing though about Klay and Barnes not playing well last night. You just don't know with Klay from 1 game to the next - these guys are still young though.
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::Crazy part was when GS needed a bucket in the last 30 or so seconds, they kept going to Klay Thompson instead of Curry lol
Lemon Grab::because Barnes gets blocked a lot when he tries that.
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::true, or just continue to see how hot Curry's hand was.  Isn't the 3 point record 12 too?  All he needed was 1 more to tie lol
HH69::Why not use Barnes to drive the net?
Lemon Grab::i will never forget this game. Curry almost brought tears of joy to my eyes from his performance.
RocknCR::Steph Curry DESERVED to be an "All-Star" this year. This is why: "Stephen Curry scored 54 points Wednesday night, the third highest total by a player...... on the road.... at the current Madison Square Garden, which hosted its first game on Feb. 14, 1968".
RocknCR::That game last night was an "INSTANT CLASSIC"!
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::It was special, yeah.  I almost threw my remote at the tv a couple times (JR and Melo started taking some bad shots near the end) but Knicks came out with a W so I'll take it.  Curry is something else tho
_Pippen aint easy_::"I saved the day with my lock-down D."  - Felton
fosty::Curry played 48 minutes.  His legs shut him down, not Felton.
jt8776::Knicks will complaining about the refs come Sunday at about 325 ...of this I have no doubt
jt8776::So in your opinion ..do you think the knicks have what it takes to beat the heat 4 out of 7 without home court?
jt8776::Why would you be surprised ? If the knicks don't hit their 3's they have trouble scoring.
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::because we have som many 3 point shooters, and even though we haven't played like it lately, this is a defense-oriented team.    This team was specifically built to play against MIA in my opinion.  SAC showed 2 nights ago that MIA has trouble against athletic/defensive Bigs...why do you think NY signed so many this yr, and then we go and get K-Mart on top of that?  This isn't the type of team to roll over against a team that its already beaten twice by 20
jt8776::What would you say if the heat blow the Knicks out....?
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::I'm not saying the Heat winning would be a surprise, I just wouldn't bet on either team at this point.  I'd be surprised if NY got blown out tho.
jt8776::This time around Knicks will get the heats best just to send them a message
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::you'd think they would've done that the 2nd time around, without Melo in the game, IN MIA no less...
jt8776::Would you put money on the Knicks on another 20pt win?
Lemon Grab::the knicks almost lost to ONE MAN. They officially are banned from being taking that seriously, so please stop with this 20 blowout BS.
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::Not that many points, but after 2 (not 1) 20 pt blowouts, 1 of which was without their 2 best scorers,  would you bet against the Knicks winning?
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::either that or ANOTHER 20 point blowout....
happhazzardx::I'm not a big NBA fan, but being an alum of a Southern Conference school, I got used to seeing Curry put up huge numbers against my team.. and all the others.   He's the real deal.. I know basketball needs more pure shooters like him.
Drew6855::I'm a Indiana fan and I can't agree enough. Curry is the league's purest shooter, good luck to Golden State, hope their winning ways start again soon.
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::definitely the best pure shooter since Ray Allen IMO.  Some of those shots were unreal last night.  From like 5 feet back of the 3 point line...and it wasn't that they were getting lucky rolls, they were going straight through.  I think I saw a bucket under the basket at one point to stop the leaking lol
cobr1099::this is what is wrong with the nba today.....  as his team is losing, he is still smiling
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::can't knock him for that.  He knows he'll never shoot 11/13 from 3 pt land again...I'd be smilling too
Lemon Grab::What do you think he should do, kill elementary student with an assault rifle because he lost? He knows he put of a performance of a life time and single handled almost destroyed a playoff completely
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::@Cobr1099 focused on what?  Keeping his team in the game because no one else was hitting shots...pretty sure thats what he was doing.  Knicks were up by like 15 in the 1st quarter, and Curry singlehandedly took the lead off of just 3 pointers
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::statistically speaking, he probably won't.  If anyone in the league is capable of it tho, it'd be him, but he hit some pretty impossible shots last night
cobr1099::the fact that he is smiling shows that all he cared about was himself. the game was still tight and he needed to focus
happhazzardx::I don't know that he won't do it again.. dude is a beast.  I had the (dis)pleasure of watching him in college as he dismantled my school time and again.  He can absolutely do it again.
CagedWisdomChangedMyLife::they hadn't lost yet when they took that picture from the article cover.  That was with like 5 minutes to go, you could hear Dorris Burke mentioning it
cobr1099::im not knocking him for losing. im knocking him for his attitude.
bostonsportsarethegreatest2012::So what? it's a meaningless regular season game, god forbid the players enjoy themselves
cobr1099::you are exactly what is wrong with today's nba fans... all hype and no substance. i bet all you want to see in a basketball game are awesome dunks huh? by the way how do you enjoy a loss?
pek pek man::ok now the lakers can trade steve nash and devin ebanks for curry. so lakers can hurry up and win a ring again soon
CodyBronson::That would never happen.
pek pek man::as long as he didnt reach jordan's 55 or kobe's 61 at madison square garden its ok with me. plus he lost the game.
Balldinho2::Hilarious Curry dropped 54 yet no ones ripping Felton. If Curry dropped that on Lin everyone be up in arms yelling: "Overrated" and "He can't guard against elite PG's! .... Wow.
atom_UP::WHY ARE YOU STILL TALKING ABOUT LIN? GIVE IT A REST ALREADY!
SC2DC::Agree...Leave the LIN hype alone
Creamofthecrop23::Steph curry really needs to move to Shooting Guard...
imissoakley::Curry also had 6 boards, 7 assists, and 3 steals I may add. It was not his fault they lost. That is a sick line right there.
Storrence44::Stephen Curry -- Way Of Wade -- WOW!  Superb performance after the rag doll toss...
NewYorkallday73::Nice landmark for the kid Curry!!!  But NYK won the game, that's all that counts.  Go Knicks!
Donnie Walsh::We got the win - that's what counts !!! Kudos to Felton, Chandler &amp; JR Smith for the game!! Still need a young quick Point Guard that can get in the lanes and defend !! Waive Sheed and put out an APB for him yesterday !!!
Balldinho2::Oh, like a Jeremy Lin?
klippyk::Yeah because Lin will be better than Curry LOL
atom_UP::Yea, cuz Lin is such a great defender right?
Donnie Walsh::I said that can defend !! LOL
klippyk::A young quick point guard.... you mean like Stephen Curry? Lol but seriously congrats on your teams hard fought win last night
jcsny::stephen smith : 10 for 26, melo is elite.
SC2DC::Melo did not have the best shooting night but he is ELITE.
NYFG_Joe::Whats the record for most points in a loss?
Kokriderz::Curry : 18-28 54 points Kobe : 22-54 54 points
jblickman::Better change ur name to Lakerks 2013 Watch the Playoffs
Lakers 2012 Champs no doubt about it::i dont think kobe ever shot 54 times in a game
klippyk::*PS, I'm not saying he would be BETTER, Im just saying the numbers would be better. Do what you want with those.
klippyk::As long as Curry stays healthy and continues to play around his career totals for the majority of his career, he would have better numbers than Kobe Bryant. FG%, FT%, 3P%, Assists Per Game, Steals Per Game are all better than Kobe Bryant's career numbers. He could have more points, but he doesn't shoot as much as Kobe
klippyk::But honestly the Warriors still have a pretty good chance of making the playoffs considering 16 of their final 22 games are at home. I'm not saying they would necessarily go deep in the playoffs, but the home court advantage they have down the stretch to end the regular season could give them them the 6th seed
Drew6855::Golden State is a good team right now, give Curry another healthy year, Barnes another year under his belt, Bogut stays healthy or an equally good center and they have a good chance next year to be one of the elite teams. This is coming from an Indiana fan, good luck GS.
klippyk::For the love of God, can anyone on here talk about a GOOD game that Curry had without being a negative $@%!$? TRUE they didn't win, but Curry's performance was still downright impressive. BTW Faker fans, the last time a team lost when a player scored 50+ points was Kobe Bryant's 58 in a loss to the BOBCATS... only a few years back
