bsf::Just hope Omer Asix & Jeremy Lin transfer to another team, their talent are wasted in  Houston. Team Houston will never win a championship inless they make use of thier other two talented players Asix & Lin, this tow guys are winners not benched warmer. Wake up Coach Mchale!!!
Ant T::This "NEW" Sacramento squad is underrated and unfamiliar, so like tonight they will beat a lot of teams who arent expecting much and not at the very top of their game. Rudy Gay is legit, D. Cousins an improving demand a double team big man, Isaiah Thomas solid and Thompson. Instant offense off the bench in Thornton. Yall lost to a new team that's undefeated, HUNGRY, and anchored by arguably the best fans in the league. Im just saying.. Houston is gonna be fine though. The season is a marathon not a sprint. They were right there in the playoffs last year, and have improved their roster, so just chillax. They wont win every game and with so much even talent throughout the league there are no easy wins(they should keep that in mind tho especially with a target on them).
Icyplatinum::Why are all of these Rocket posts Lin related?
CTL::Lin’s down fall from the Linsanity  in Houston: 1. Picking on his high salary, weak defense and high TO. 2. Reduction of the playing time, benching him on mistakes instantly, 3. Arguing that the start position and back-up position have equal values  with equal playing time. Promise about  the elaboration  of Lin’s leading role if he is coming from the bench to replace Harden    4. Taking away his playing time from the bench and keeping Harden  concomitantly.  5. Finally, nail him down as a subordinated bench player.   Suggestion to Lin: 1. Insist to get his promised role coming from the bench and playing time. 2. Ask a trade to a suitable team ASAP, and loud.
D. Darqwon::Great win for the Kings.  The Rockets have yet to figure out that being one of the better teams in the league means all of the lesser teams are really going to get up to play them. They have to approach every game with the same intensity and focus. This inconsistency is the mark of a young team that is still defining itself. I expect them to continue to get better as the season progresses, especially once the trade situation is finally resolved. That should give some stability (and hopefully some consistency) to the bench.  Gotta hope Harden heals quickly and is ready to go against Chicago.  Good to see Greg Smith back and Aaron Brooks finally get some playing time again.   Next up, the Bulls. Go Rox!!!
Sunny::I am not here to reason who is better Lin vs Bev or how bad the Coaching staff is.  I think we all know the answer to that. But this much can tell you.  Watching ROX basketball is not exciting as last year.
D. Darqwon::The Sacramento Kings have a talented, young, and athletic team so the Rocket cannot afford to take them lightly.   The Rockets would seem to have the bigger guns (Harden, Howard, Parsons) but the Kings are very talented in the post (Cousins) and on the wings (D. Williams, R. Gay) as well so defense is going to be crucial. The Kings have a strong bench as well. With Jeremy Lin out this game others are going to have to step up for the Rockets. I expect Brooks should finally get some playing time under Sampson tonight in Lin's place.   If the teams play up to their potential this will be an exciting game that the Rockets should win. If they underestimate the Kings at all, or come out without energy (as they have in the past), this could be a long night.   It would be great to end the road trip with back to back victories.  Go Rox!!!
Christopher::Why is everyone going insane? McHale obviously gambled to rest some people against a poor team in the division.  Houston does not want to get caught in the downward spiral of nagging injuries this early in the season. I dont agree with the move, but its not like its out of the ordinary.  Take a pill peeps
Alvin::Ho Hum, another loss and the play by play went - passes to Harden, Harden holds, holds, dribbles, dribbles, dribbles, and puts up a brick. This goes on and on. It is becoming unbearable to watch. If I wanted to see this kind of basketball, I will just watch Knicks and Melo. Melo holds, dribbles, dribbles, and puts up a brick... Last year was fun, exciting and fast. This year, they brought the Knicks out west.
steve::Beverly and Brooks bite!
