Xavier Aerosmith Keough::No point in rushing Kobe back being this team has no chance of competing for a title. A lottery pick is the best case scenario.
Will Kinivuwai::I would say the 8th seed is the best-case scenario, but wouldn't be surprised if they don't make the playoffs.
Mad SammyBoy::I think we can all agree that the Lakers are a huge joke.
Travis Pavich::Why isn't Ryan Kelley playing, he is the next Kevin Durant.  Typical Laker Fans
Amir Shirazi::Say the Utah fan ball hahahahahahh fail fruit cake
Scott Baker::I am fairly certain that Gasol's team is going to win this one.
Eric Lopez::Grizzlies 131, Fakers 85.
Jeff Brown::Wow! The Lakers suck. Lol such a joy to watch.
Eric Lopez::Yeah... They switch their name to the Fakers!
Amir Shirazi::Eric just lame
Mike Dixon::Not sure why fools say the Lakers should tank for a lottery pick?  They have three lottery picks on the team right now who are fighting to stay in the league and their last lottery pick - Andrew Bynum - is contemplating retirement.  In fact, if you look at the history of the draft lottery for all teams, there are more busts and underachievers than there are impact players.
Alex Vargas::Name one team that has been succesful without lottery pick(s) other than the lakers who were the beneficiaries of a lot of lopsided trades or FA signings.
Darryl Hoytt::Alex Vargas The overwhelmng history of lottery picks does not justify tanking, very few  lottery picks turn out to be Bird,Magic or Jordan. The ones that do make it have to be in a situation where other great players want to come with teams willing to make the moves.  Until Pat Riley took over for the Heat  you see few franchises outside of Lakers & Boston willing to keep and acquire big names. Witness Memphis & Thunder dumping contracts
Alex Vargas::Darryl Hoytt Memphis just didn't have a good enough roster to go all the way (and still don't) so they decided to get rid of certain players. The thunder drafted three all stars in three consecutive drafts. Tell them that tanking wasn't the way to go. The biggest mistake they made was trading harden. (what other contract did they "dump"?) Franchises are usually willing to keep them, the players usually get influenced by their agents to move to bigger markets. (new CBA might change that) Of the 16 playoff teams last year I counted 6 teams that do not have a lottery pick as their best player or significant starter (i did count the nuggets but they benefited off their lottery pick, melo, in a trade). Sorry you have to suck at one point to build for the future. Oh and out of those 6 teams only 2 made it out of the first round.
Carolyn Hick::gotta learn to take your lumps lakers fans...i am a true lakers fan, have been always will b..but the fact is just this..when u been the best for so long, there will b years of blowing chunks..Just waiting for the tide to turn back...nough said.....
Steve Tellers::Carolyn. the refs and the league gave the Lakers every recent title except for the one in 2001..... so do not get too arrogant.
Carolyn Hick::The statements are from my husband. I did not post that .
Darryl Hoytt::Steve Tellers Other franchises are not willing to spend and make the moves the Lakers make to keep core players around to make championship runs. Thunder dump Harden, Memphis should have won last year championship but dumped Rudy Gay and their most successful coach. Lakers don't dump great players in their prime they put other people around them.
Lakers Royalty::#wwlg4l  World-Wide LakerGang 4 Life
Jody George Prats::Kobe is a bum
Kenny Lenz::kobe is in the top 5 best of all time
Daryl Gruuv Williams::@Jody George Prats That's all you can say?sad!!
Andy P Kordyban::I couldn't be happier the Lakers are en route to finish 30-52.
Kenny Lenz::lakers was route to finish bad last year but they made a run
Joey Jackson::Kenny Lenz Laker fans talking about the past lol
Kenny Lenz::u have to go bye last year because this year is not over
Stay Focused::5 out of 6 losses by double digits   1-4 on the road 0-3 in back to backs  Am I missing anything else? I'm ready for the laker fans to write something stupid and ignorant. At least they beat the Pelicans LOL
Erik Marin::Lol hater
Stay Focused::Na it's the truth lol
Travis Pavich::Hey man, irregardless of our record, we are still guaranteed to win the championship. The ONLY reason why we lose is the refs.  Typical Faker Fans.
Gordon David Light::I don't see these guys winning 30
Josh Jordan::Final score Grizzlies 182 Lakers 42
Aaron Rooney::Anyone else remember when Laker Clowns were pumping their chest out and saying that Ramon Sessions was better than CP3?   LOL  https://www.facebook.com/Lakerclowns
Amir Shirazi::Anyone else remember flippers won the finals , " said no one ever "  Keep trying troll stupid man child
Eric Lopez::Amir Shirazi, You are a bully :(
Aaron Rooney::Amir...lol. Why in world would you use quotations there? Laker fans.....lol.
Aaron Rooney::https://www.facebook.com/Lakerclowns
Martin Ansah::No big can do well under D'Antoni. All he runs is pick and roll for the big to shoot jumpers. Gasol needed the triangle.
Will Kinivuwai::The thing about pick and roll is you either wait on the outside and shoot a jumper or roll to the basket, Pau just decides to stand there which is why he can't get high percentage shots like Kaman or Hill because he doesn't roll. D'Antoni has even given him the option of posting up but if you watch the games Gasol decides most of the time to stay away from that. LOL even D'Antoni said that they need to post up better.
Cassidy Byrd::That may of been the luckiest, fluke shot I've ever seen by Randolph
Darryl Hoytt::Never seen anything like that before
Jody George Prats::Grizzlies 103  Lakers 91   Lakers are a dismal bunch of scrubs!
Daniel Tuggle::the ZBO show
Anthony Armijo::After looking really good the first 7 games of the season chris kaman has looked reall bad of late. Missing dunks, layups and his mid range shots and very lackluster Defense. Hopefully he he just in a little funk. Steve blake plz shoot more
Greg Bosgraaf::Chris Kaman could have Lebron's talent and he would never look good in any game, that is one hideous dude.
Mike Dixon::People are surprised the Lakers suck?  With a roster full of rejects and aging, injured stars?  Really?  I can't believe they're this good -- I was expecting them to go 1-9 or 2-8 in the first ten.  And yes, I'm a Lakers' fan -- been on the bandwagon for 35 years.
Teresa Variel::i agree, put Kelly in for shawn williams, he isnt doing anything. Start Jordan hill for Pau and farmar for blake. They'll still lose!!  trade beloved Nash before its too late (huge laker fan)
Cam Perry::nobody wants nash at this point. its already too late.
Local Living Av::Kobe practiced with the team and should be back within couple weeks.. Lakers are getting the best closer in the game back
Aaron Armijo::Dam lakers fighting but keep making little mistakes here and there and might endup costing them hopefully we can finish good here play clean bball
Graham Horobetz::Maybe now Joerger will not play Davis for good over Z-Bo. Marc and Z-Bo won us this game, our 3 point defense wanted us to lose this game though ....
