hipma12::wow beasley has even fallen out of OUR rotation...
Rip City Forever::You gotta hate Luis scola. What a scumbag! He cuts westbrook and still flops as he's doing it! Des scola do anything but flop? Wow
gasoline417::i am drunk
4 Petes Sake::Im so fu.cking drunk.
mksatx::How is the weather in okc?  Overcast and wet in s a.  Anyway spur fan here.  But if I'm  rootin for my second fav. Its okc.  I think wcf will be the same as last year.  Happy new year.
ThunderHornz::Thanks spur! Good health to you!
James Harden 3 point Celebration::we win
.antistratfordian.::Westbrook has been playing really well the last two games.  Almost like a mini LeBron... very solid all around games.
-the-extra-pass-::Except, Westbrook has way more guts than Lebron.
Edudlufetips3::why does westbrook always play like a beach? since he's been in the league he's whined and moaned through games... does he not realize he is playing a game for a living?   you're going to take an elbow once in a while. it's a contact sport. stop acting like a 4 year old, get stitched up and play ball. dude needs a serious attitude adjustment
RafaWoods01::Russ gets fouled a lot without getting the call.
mdkaton::never missed a game in 4 years lol next question
James Harden 3 point Celebration::smh
BlueSh1rt::did he not get stitched up and return to the game?
Conky Bubs::you are the beach
Conky Bubs::Thundah buddies 4 life
Ya Boi Chris 69 69::This is basically Darius Morris' rookie year since he never got to play last season, he's getting better every game and learning from Steven Ash and Kobe Brian... being and over sized point guard, he will have advantage against others like Westbrook or Chris Paul
nahimcool::are you licking her Tiitty ?
stairwell13::Westbrook 7 boards 9 assists, Durant 3 boards 2 assists second game in a row where Westbrook clearly showed he's the Thunder's MVP
JonChemRules::There's more than just those 2 stats...
Conky Bubs::1 t/o
TheBlazingFlame::who else loves reggie jackson
akennelly4::Ive been a fan of Mr. October since he was a freshman at BC. This kids for real. He is just going to keep getting better.
Tim Duncan Still Has It::Happy New Year OKC fans.
KikyExcel::Westbrook=CYBORG. never missed a single game in his career. When you think he's going down, comes right back at you.
Qzhoopin20::In case there was ever any doubt about Westbrook's toughness it was established well in his favor tonight! That blood was crazy, but he shook it off like a prize fighter!!
Qzhoopin20::Yeah, there's a reason he's never missed a game in his career, despite flying around the court like a maniac!!
Conky Bubs::a machine
Conky Bubs::there was never any doubt, ever
MiQuel249::Things Trolls should not do in 2013 Stand in front of microwaves Drink warm milk Eat uncooked ramen noodles Wear the same hoody all week Stay in moms basement  Have a Happy New Year everyone
tripleteamthreat::Last STAT of the night: OKC is 21-1 when scoring 100 points or more.
tripleteamthreat::SPURS TO differential is +0.28.  That is fifteenth in the league.  KNICKS TO differential is -4.57.  That is first in the league.  The SPURS are actually very average regarding turnovers and turnovers forced.
TheBirdsOfWar::The Thunder look like a championship team when Russell Westbrook keeps his shot attempts under 17.
BMITCH333::Still KD.  But glad WB is getting some props - finally
stairwell13::Westbrook is the Thunder MVP
tripleteamthreat::English translation - Westbrook can't do that.  The more shots he takes, the better he gets.  It's a shame, though.
ddd007ddd::Russ can't do dt,d more shots he takes,d better he gets;shame tho
Chris31708::<b>tripleteamthreat - Old legs in the sense that guys like Duncan, Nash, and Kobe will fatigue more quickly if called upon for 40+ minutes especially after 2 rounds of playoff basketball.  The SPURS are a great turnover creating machine.</b> ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ They're 27th in the league in turning it over, 4th in forcing them. Last year they were 3rd in committing them, 24th in forcing them.
tripleteamthreat::Their turnover differential is great.  No arguing here.
tripleteamthreat::Well, it's time to get the Cristal (Korbel) on ice and get the ladies (porn) primed for the night!
mattgaea55::lost a stupid over under 20.5 largest lead of the game in the 48th $@% minute! happy !$@ new year! fml
mattgaea55::check the play by play again
legendjr_27::They never led by more than 20.
BLAZIN ASIAN 33::Why doesn't Scola play more
Bevonator69::OKC or the Clippers. Who's better?
Aron3411::thunder beat clippers so thunder
SOA95608::The Clippers have Chris Paul and he makes Westbrick look like a third rate point guard so the Clippers.
chris4624::You're crazy, my friend!
ddd007ddd::it all comes down 2 d Bench;d present Clipper team is what OKC was last season...................they had d 6th man;any team with the 6th man is Final-bound;so they will both meet  in d western conf finals,but Clippers will beat them cos of JAMAL CRAWFORD
tripleteamthreat::Well, the CLIPPERS have a deeper bench, so based on that I'd say LAC.
ShatsAndGaggles::Chris31708 - Spurs&gt;&gt;&gt;Both  The Spurs are much better defensively this year and are near the bottom of the list at turning the ball over, these 2 things killed them last year when it mattered most.  Didn't OKC beat the Spurs? THIS YEAR???
tripleteamthreat::Aren't the CLIPPERS leading in point differential?
Chris31708::Spurs&gt;&gt;&gt;Both  The Spurs are much better defensively this year and are near the bottom of the list at turning the ball over, these 2 things killed them last year when it mattered most.
Maniacpkt::okc had 5 TOs, is that a record for us?
tripleteamthreat::IDK, but that is awesome.  1.25 per quarter is excellent.  10 or less per game is the goal for most teams to target.
Undertaker876::YES    Thunde scores Over 109.    I have won 3500 $$$    great night for me    good night everybody and happy new year to all
xdarkdynasty::You've repeated yourself a bazillion times go wipe your @$$ with that money &amp; GTFO.
Undertaker876::Yes  because I am so happy.  you know.  but now I go sleep.  Again:  good night everybody and happy new year to all here.
Maniacpkt::you said that 5 minutes ago
Bevonator69::Good job OKC!
Chris31708::I wouldn't be surprised if the Spurs beat the Thunder this year, they are a much better team at forcing turnovers this year than they were last year, which is what killed them in the 1st place.
tripleteamthreat::Old legs.  Same problem for the LAKERS.  OKC will be representing the WC for years to come.
Chris31708::No they're not, they're 27th in the league in turning it over.
tripleteamthreat::Old legs in the sense that guys like Duncan, Nash, and Kobe will fatigue more quickly if called upon for 40+ minutes especially after 2 rounds of playoff basketball.  The SPURS are a great turnover creating machine.
Chris31708::How can the Spurs have "old legs" if they are in the top 10 in forcing turnovers? The Lakers are not a team that forces turnovers, just like the Spurs weren't last year.
Undertaker876::YES    Thunde scores Over 109.    I have won 3500 $$$    great night for me    good night everybody and happy new year to all
legendjr_27::I had 2nd hf over 101.5. With the last basket, I got 103. Good times!! Was going to take OKC -7.5 2nd hf also but got closed out. Good luck to you and happy new year!!
Liberal Feminist::Durant's last 5 games 30pts 26pts 40pts 33pts 33pts  Stay aggressive KD and keep up the good work.
Undertaker876::YES  Thunde scores Over 109.  I have won 3500 $$$  great night for me  good night everybody and happy new year to all
Undertaker876::funny  But I have won very much money with sports betting.  NBA betting is usually very easy money on the bank.  good night
tripleteamthreat::I hear you.  But if you're pulling down $10K a week on gambling, what are you doing on here?
tripleteamthreat::High stakes poker is more lucrative than sports betting.  Unless you suck at poker.
vnguy9879::I stopped gambling on sport for awhile due to NBA. Well, I guess NBA is really stand for NEVER BET AGAIN
License to Lillard::Cyber bullying on the Spurs-Nets board.
FranklinPistachio211::LMMFAO! Go figure.
FranklinPistachio211::Who's getting abused?
Maniacpkt::steeleken
Maniacpkt::guy deserves it, it trolls that board nonstop
Chargers_4_Sale::Kobe: 'Best I've played in a while'  After reading that headline I can just imagine the trolls flaming the board.
lake_405::Suns are the most boring team in the NBA by far, luckily they played the Thunder tonight so it was somewhat entertaining.
Chargers_4_Sale::Spurs are pretty much up there.
Chris31708::Why, no ISO players that ballhog?
lake_405::The Spurs are up there for sure but I mean Suns have nothing at all to make them interesting. No star players, no rookies that we can overly critique and call a bust after every missed shot. They just have a couple above average players and that's all.
vnguy9879::Lost the UNDE by .5 point from pointless layup. This is so fk up
ForeverGrapeOKC::tripleteamthreat - Kobe doesn't care about the scoring title, so yes. ---------------------------------------------------------- He took 41 shots in a game  He cares about it a great deal
tripleteamthreat::The GSW game?  Do you remember why he took all of those shots?  The LAKERS won that game and it was NASH's first game back from injury.  How many shots has he averaged since that game?  All you do is talk.
rocketrayone::Thunder!
vnguy9879::My bookie won the bid. I placed 5k on the UNDER 102.5 2H and got screwed . This is $@% up gambling. I am done with sport betting.
Snorkel Whacker::5k pennies?
tripleteamthreat::That is a serious bet and you're on ESPN chat boards?
Maniacpkt::hahahaha
ThunderHornz::THUNDER! Headed out to ring in the new.... Be safe!
ForeverGrapeOKC::Happy now Vegas??????
Chargers_4_Sale::Brooks should of gave Collison the double double.
ForeverGrapeOKC::agree
Snorkel Whacker::I presume the gamblers are happy now.
wasabi269::hahah and all u said the over was no way!!
Maniacpkt::i suck at betting, that is why i don't do it
ooboh::Five turnovers?
Chargers_4_Sale::It's win and a loss.....Scola with 24 Pts............
tripleteamthreat::Let the NYE partying begin!
vnguy9879::Nice fix for OVER. OKC do not run the clock at all.
Maniacpkt::best PJ3 has look in a while
ForeverGrapeOKC::GG Phoenix :)
DaveOK69::Good game Phoenix.
