Matt Geere::glad to see how the Magic play at home...
Kenny Rowland::Just got tickets to this game. Definitely plan on rooting on our HOMETOWN HERO Austin Rivers.
Matt Greene::ha ha rivers thats funny he shouldnt of even gotten drafted that high or that early . He is overrated.
Krh Prodctionz::http://www.keiteay.com/2013/11/why-orlando-magic-need-austin-rivers.html
Will Schmitz::NBA Fantasy draft at 12:00am ET (11:00pm CT) tonight. It's a 16-team league, so help me out and join, please!  http://games.espn.go.com/fba/tools/join?leagueId=278823
Kenny Rowland::Just got back from the game, honestly didn't think the Magic would blow Pelicans out the way they did.  At least you have the Saints to fall back on, Nola.
Kenny Rowland::PS the Magic apparently declared the game a sellout, which is pure unadulterated bulls--t.
Joe Brooks::Ok, so who screwed up and told Evans he was good enough to play in the NBA? lol
Mark Findley::Pelicans suck ass
Casiano Servaz Tubana III::Geaux Pelicans
Jason McRoberts::The Pelicans have two huge problems this year: 1. Coaching. Monty Williams has no clue offensively and managing the game as demonstrated by the 35 point 1st half. I wonder if Monty will have them slow the game down even more, maybe they can try for last in the league in points per game. He's gonna sabotage what could be a good season. See if George Karl will come coach the Pelicans. Or maybe they can bring Stan Van Gundy out of retirement. 2. No Center. A player like DeMarcus Cousins is set to have a 35 pt 20 rebound night against them. And can't score in the post either. If Pelicans double team, the opponent will just bomb 3's on them.
Jason McRoberts::Pelicans are in deep trouble. An embarrassing, heartless, and emotionless loss to an inspired lottery team. This team is a joke with Ryan Anderson out. When Monty plays lineups like Stiemsma, Aminu, and Evans at the the same time, only two guys on the floor can shoot and the defense just clogs the lane.
Dean Edward Benson::I'm excited that the young guys are growing and playing well and whatnot, but can we please get ahold of the reins on this whole "winning" thing? Not too much too soon, we still need to get the next Air Canada in Orlando first.
Daniel Tuggle::Anthony Davis is the only one playing for the Pelicans.. Jrue Holiday, Eric Gordan and Tyreke Evans are 3 for 19 combined
Matt Greene::Would love to see more of AO for the Pelicans...The guy is a beast and will wear your as* out underneath....
Matt Greene::AO?
Jon Harris::I'm still goin with NO here!! Get your free picks at www.faceybros.com
Justin Nixon::dang.. really wanted my Bucks to sign Reke.. dodged a bullet there
Jose Raul Machuca::OVER OR UNDER 95 for the 1st half..???
