theclown13::No playoffs for the awful Rockets!!!
alhofffre::Playing fantasy basketball daily as opposed to playing the entire long year is so much more fun. Pick your players daily and be able to root for different players and different teams. This is by far the best site offering this kind of fantasy sports check it out http://www.fanduel.com/?invitedby=juice03585858&amp;cnl=da
gking407::Anyone here watch Clockwork Orange where they kidnap that guy and force him to watch violent films? The sinister part of me wants to kidnap Lamar Odom and do the same thing... except he'd be forced to watch the Mavs playing hard as a team without him, so he could be reminded over and over what a loser he is.
gking407::I don't expect the Mavs to get far in the postseason, but I hope they keep fighting to the end.
OOHnirav::Fortunately, we seem to do best when everyone is predicting our loss. We were predicted to be the only upset team against Portland, to lose to the Lakers, OKC, and Heat. I'm not saying we're repeating for sure, but we certainly don't buckle under pressure. :)
DeeWig41::Good win Mavs.  If we lock up that 6th spot then i'm looking for the Mavs to pull a Rockets 95' remix!
WanderingCloud7::*Insert* Delonte West Lebron James' Mom joke
Leggo_Houston::The rockets are having a damn good season for what they have had to work with.  A bunch of no name guys who work hard and play together as a team. NO SUPERSTARS!  What was to be their best 2 players (martin &amp; Lowery) have missed a ton of time as well.  Its a shame they have fallen short the last couple of weeks.  Unfortunetly, it looks like they will miss the playoffs because of a weak finish.  We have room for a max contract in the off season, so look out for this young rockets team next year with a couple of additional pieces.  O yea, Morey please get Kevin Martin's cry baby $@% out of H- town!  Sissy!
great_chandels::The Rockets are truly a sorry, sorry team..............
georger lives::They are a young team, you are a truly, truly sorry twa-t.  Cheers
thenbatmm::is this cute? please support my brother for PROM contest! how was YOUR PROM??  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jW2rmEX5nLM
longhornsin2012::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching  the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that actually works because this system has really helped me to start winning finally
longhornsin2012::I've been following a betting system called Sportsbettingstar. I have made over 3K a month for 3 months straight now following this system. I found this system by Google searching  the words "sports betting system" It was on the 1st page of Google when I found it. I am posting this for anyone out there that is looking for a system that actually works because this system has really helped me to start winning finally
benji200925::Don't sleep on Dallas in playoffs.
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::Dirk is on fire people just like last year before the playoffs began. Go Mavs!!!
ohthatguy001::I wanna see OKC v DAL again, they always have good-quality games between each other.
ohthatguy001::fo sho, its always fun to see new and old teams fight it out.  whats so scary is how popo has manage their old-man minutes in SAS. like a boss. /shrug. need another 1st v 8th upset.
zipitedodaz10::that would be a good series
zipitedodaz10::lakers are afraid of the Mavs
ohthatguy001::Have fun watching the playoffs from the 10th spot brah. Regardless, we're still in the playoffs, glad those last 5 games went your way amarite?
zipitedodaz10::what? ha
AustinBrando::what exactly are any of the remaining playoff teams afraid of in Dallas?  Aikman, Smith, and Irvin suiting up for the Mavs?
zipitedodaz10::cause the Mavs own them
KevinDurant35TXLonghorn::How do you talk sh.it when you support a perennial lottery team?
AustinBrando::afraid sweeping them out of the 1st round is not a good enough test to see if the Lakers are really ready for a playoff run?
AustinBrando::afraid they have more Kardashian cred now?
AustinBrando::they're afraid they are going to take more of their scrap players off their roster????
coogsnation::Rockets blew their chance. Utah has all games remaining at home. Don't see them losing
Eric62748::Eric Gordon was playing...The dude is straight up baller. The Jazz will be in the playoffs. Especially with their remaining schedule. Also the game against the Magic??? D-Howard isn't even playing in it. The toughest game is against the suns. Which I think they get a W. Harris is finally playing like the talent he is
AustinBrando::ok, but, still, by 11, to the Hornets????  even if you ARE  IN N.O.!!!!
dbboiser::if it weren't for the fastbreak points. This would be a blowout.
coogsnation::Yeah that was on the road. At home they play out of their minds
AustinBrando::I feel that, but they also recently had back-to-back losses to N.O. and Memphis . . . . so . . . . .
zapatas_blood1185::Yep
bserpent::We are giving up too many points.
lumi907::Dirk scores 21 in the 4th, gets no credit. Lebron scores 17 against a meaningless game against the Nets, and everyone goes crazy SMH
yoomi930::Because Dirk is "German" and Lebron is "American" player Hate when they call him lazy German on his off nights.  Arghh
zapatas_blood1185::CHOKE CHOKE CHOKE. Damn this depressing. Came into this game not caring knowing the Rockets would lose but then they don't suck it up in the 3rd. Just when I thought I was out...they pull me back in. Choke City is in full force. TANK 2013
AustinBrando::So that what, we can falsely build around the #1 to have them package for a trade as soon as they re-neg?  That's silly.  If anything, they need another year in McHale's system and a real 82 games to race.  And from there they can make the push for a trade that could land solid pieces.  They already have depth, now we need solid 4 and 5 (if Camby can do it, then you don't NEED D-12, just a solid system dude with serviceable #s).  After that, Houston (or Les) needs to work on what it is that makes any other place MORE attractive to these guys.  Bigger market (franchise and city) then either DFW or SA . . . no state tax . . . Chinese market
zapatas_blood1185::By ability I mean the assets that would be desirable
zapatas_blood1185::I like the Coach and GM but I just Don't see the Rockets being able to sign a big name free agent or have the ability to trade for one. All thing you said that Les should do were done with Bosh and Amare.
AustinBrando::I'll lend some credibility to that POV
zapatas_blood1185::Rebuild like OKC did
zapatas_blood1185::It is call full blown rebuild. This team can not get it done. No Elite players want to come to Houston so find a away to get the number 1 overall pick.
coogsnation::Trade the whole roster. Add Daryl Morey and about 5 million cash to Charlotte
AustinBrando::why tank 2013? who we gonna get?
coogsnation::Nerlen Noel, Shabazz Muhammad
BYoung2k12::You guys like VC in dallas?
dbboiser::VC has a role. You may not like him for his slow athleticism. But when it counts.. it counts. This is like a chess game for coaching staffs.
coogsnation::No. The artist formerly know as Vinsanity is now just 1/2 man. No more amazing
dbboiser::what a comment.
BigDSports21::Yes
screwhead2305::Rockets really have 3 first round picks?
coogsnation::Or Atlanta to fulfill prior trade obligations
coogsnation::Uh No. They have Knicks pick. dallas pick from the Fisher Trade. But they have to give their own pick to Detroit
screwhead2305::if Rockets cant beat the Hornets we should start all of our backups the rest of the season.. no point in getting anyone hurt for next season
dbboiser::I bet Mavs will win another ring. Cuban is just too good of a money maker. He have Carlisle to back it up. Carlisle have just enough rosters to win it all. It will be a different ball game this playoff where everything starts over again and teams had more rest than regular season.
dbboiser::The only way i can't see it coming if Stern and the Refs have their bets on the opposing team.
AustinBrando::don't put any money on that
yoomi930::Let's take one step at a time..
angioplasty2008::Disclaimer: I am a Mavs fan.  I do not think Mavs are contenders this year. I am almost sure we will loose the series to Lakers. Spurs - Mavs are great rivalry but this year it is Spurs going to make it. The only way we can get out of first round if we are playing against OKC. Still I would give OKC 52 % Vs Mavs 48%. The reason I think Mavs can beat OKC is playoffs the game slow down. Durant will be cancelled by Dirk. I don't think Westbrook is ready for primetime yet. If we have any chance to get out it is against OKC (still not a guarantee. I still thinks OKC will win the series).   I think Spurs will get out of West this year.  Only team may give a tough match up will be Lakers. If it is Miami, Spurs have very good chance of winning the 5th championship. If it is Bulls, it will be a very tough match up for Spurs. I think Tom Thibedeau will get the ring. My two cents.
GoTmJazz52::Thanks you! World CHUMPS for the win!
rjerden70::If we had our bigs healthy, we would probably be +3 in the wins column, BUT, that's the nature of the game. Rockets can still get that 8th spot and I think they will considering the remainder of the schedule
ryroll::I love the people on here arguing saying that the Cowboys are better than the Texans
HTownRprsntr::Not much of an argument for them.
kcspatel41::The only reason why Mav's are even in the playoffs (hopefully) is because of Dirk. I can't see us beating 4 teams 4 times in a playoff series without home court advantage. Look at our pieces and the other teams. Carlisle can out coach any other team in the league he just doesn't have the fire power he had last year. Sure Carter, West, and Wright have filled in some shoes but seriously....are the Mav's really title contenders this year?
ycalt::last year they got the aging peja, aging kidd, and they didnt consider chandler to be a force.
yoomi930::Um.. Samething with many other teams... Knicks... Heats... Phoenix...  Just sayin :)
PNG2011::Houston is playing right out of the playoffs :(
coogsnation::we shoulda tanked earlier. Too late now.
georger lives::See, we finally just wised up and realized we would do nothing in the playoffs and we are gunning for that number one spot... yeah, that's it
rsfhouston::Why is Martin still out? He was in uniform for the 2nd Denver game and didn't play. They say his shoulder is healed but it's still sore. poor baby. He's been out for over a month with a "bruised shoulder". If it's still affecting his shot, he's a nancy. It better be more severe than a "bruised shoulder" for him to miss over a month, especially these critical games.
coogsnation::He's in Mchale's doghouse. He aint playing again for Rockets. Mark my words
Zeeshan2::Well at least Denver lost. Hopefully OKC helps us out also...
canepowerhouse::I'm a huge Mavs fan... However I really hope we play either SAS or OKC instead of LAL. I really think we stack up well especially with OKC and the Spurs rivalry is always there. The Lakers Bigs kill us though and Gasol is always on fire against us lol idk why. I so hope we play OKC and take out the Wests so called fave when we the CHAMPS! Leggggggo Mavs!
Mikslik1::Mavs played close games with LA. 1 buzzer beater and 1 OT game. We won't be resting players in the series, either.
jtyki0833::Well whatever happens it will be an interesting 4-5 games the Mavs get to play
yoomi930::I dont think you are a mavs fan..
canepowerhouse::Yea definitely and you never know if we can hit 3's and especially if VC keeps playin like that in the playoffs. The Laker bench is pretty suspect too so kobe and his bum shin wont get much rest haha
MavsNation92::Yup win the next game to secure a playoff spot and tank the last 2 so we can play either the spurs or okc instead of lakers
canepowerhouse::haha interesting insight dude. could be on to somethin...
Nowitzki06::I dont wanna face Bynum and Gasol but whatever it takes. It will be fun to watch.
Nowitzki06::Looks like Dirk is ready for the playoffs... Watch out NBA!!
jtyki0833::I'm just reading the ridiculous on this forum. Eeking and limping our way to the playoffs.
jtyki0833::he might be, but rest of team? lord no,  we will be embarrassed
Nowitzki06::You really don not have anything better to do???
DynastyinBigD::flagged for being a fake fan
cutnshoot1985::Love the effort rockets, but this one was a nail in the coffin.  Blockbuster trade? who the hell wants to come here?  You get dwight, you get tmac era all over again!  Rockets look like a young rookie team who is learning how to win EVERY SINGLE SEASON.  Great win dallas, I just WISH we had a great franchise player like Dirk.  Tmac/Yao era was a FAILED experiement.  And an incompetent GM who will probably not resign dragic this offseason.  We only have 2 championships to remember, in ALL of Houston sports.  Ahhh jim beam is sweet
ryroll::McGrady/Yao worked for 1 year
cutnshoot1985::you're right.  ahh the BANGED UP rockets have always been in a mess with overpaying people anyways
waenloteion::If Morey doesn't resign Dragic its because someone offered him too much.  Despite his good play of late, Dragic is still a wild card.  To give him 12 million a year and then have him not pan out would handicap the franchise.  Think about all the teams that are consistently good.  They rarely sign bad contracts, and even if they do, they usually have an all-star or two to carry the load.  The Rockets are not in the situation to sign a player to a huge contract without proof that they are going to be worth it (see Scola...signed him to big extension and now he is starting to show signs of age and no one will want his contract)
waenloteion::Its not a terrible contract, but based on his performance, it is more than his worth on the court (off the court might be a different thing).
waenloteion::he has 3 more years on his contract and will make 9.5 million next year, 10 million the following year and 11 million the last year (roughly)
Adrianch01::How much did the Rockets pay Scola btw?
Adrianch01::We have 2 with the Dynamo :P
jtyki0833::As a Mavs fan,  do we really even want to make playoffs and get ousted in 5 games against OKC or SAS?  I'd rather duck out before playoffs start
jtyki0833::Dude I've watched every game for yearrrrs.  This team does not have it and you know that.  No signature wins or streaks all season.  Dont be blind.  Looking forward to '12-13 though
OOHnirav::It's too bad the Mavs are still playing with all of those players from the 80's with the same coach and leadership as back then.. Oh wait, what? Things change over time? Go back to school, haha.
AustinBrando::don't want them to be?  LMAO.  How conveniently the 80s and 90s have faded from memory in the southern Oklahoma bubble that is DFW.  Newsflash, the Mavs are the clowns that other teams make fun of, with A superstar (who everyone benevolently granted the good will of smiling courteously as he got his one 'ship).
yoomi930::Dude. You are just like the other fans if you think mavs should just bail out bc we suck and we have no chance in playoffs. We should cheer them on and believe in them. Even if we lose, it's better to lose in playoffs.  You dont want mavs to be the clowns that other teams make fun of. Right?
jtyki0833::Yes, yes I am.  I'm just speaking realistically
Nowitzki06::Obviously he is not a Mavs fan. We dont back down!
MavsNation92::A MFFL (Mavs fan for Life) would never say that. This Mavs team have made the playoffs 11 straight years and to say that right after winning the NBA Championship does not make you a real Mavs fan. Go away bandwagoner. Go root for the Heat
MavsNation92::You're not a Mavs fan
palmerkaplan::Houston fans, share my pain of mediocrity. When that glorious day come, you can stand by me and say you where there through thick and thin. Losing makes victory sweeter.
palmerkaplan::Come to Reliant Stadium on Sunday, then tell me if you think no one cares about Houston you son of a b *tch. And the Rockets will win by the time most of us die. Also, not many NBA teams have back to back championships.
cutnshoot1985::Believe me, Houston is light years away from being a contender once again.  We will all either be old or dead by then.  Nobody really cares about Houston anyways, since the turn of the millenium it has always been Spurs and Mavs became reliable winning teams after striking gold with Dirk/Tim.  Rockets are about as mediocre as anything that has ever existed.
AustinBrando::cute to try and lump Dirk and the might-have-been Mavs in with Pop's dynasty in S.A.  Dallas still has the least championships of all the Texas teams and H-town is the only to have back-to-backs.  Get in line Oklahoman.
palmerkaplan::I brought cough drops to the playoffs game and had to use all of them haha
palmerkaplan::Thanks for your service! I'll scream at the games for you!
Adrianch01::Lol..I almost had a heart attack during the 2010 season for yelling too much..
Adrianch01::Same here brotha. Sucks that I won't be able to watch any of the Texans games due to going to the Army..
TubbyTime334::Houston you had a good Season, especially without martin for so long.
Joshua110392::As a Rockets fan, I'm just befuddled at how things have changed so suddenly and so drastically. SMH.
coogsnation::Mchale has played Dragic enritely too much. You can tell he tired in 2nd half had no legs on jumpshot
Adrianch01::Same here, but we (as Rockets fans) didn't expect much from them in the playoffs.
BoomGoesTheDynamite31::yay!! German Moses scored 35!!
jtyki0833::The German Pi.... The German Samurai..
rsfhouston::I really wish the Rockets would have passed on Morris last year and picked someone like Kenneth Faried. Where were you on that one Morey?
coogsnation::Yeah Morey finds steals in 2nd round but he sucks at first round picks
rsfhouston::Faried averages 10 ppg and 7 rebounds in 22 minutes a game as a 22 yr old rookie. I live in the Denver area and watch almost every Nuggets game. He is an absolute beast. He is great at defending the rim too.
Adrianch01::Well he was going to be a 3 for us, but then out of no where Parsons showed up..
Imtalking2Texas::yeah i didnt understand that pick,, Morris cant shoot and he has to play the 3 cause he's to small to play the 4
Zeeshan2::Isn't he just a rebounder?
Adrianch01::That would be sweet if we can trade our 3 first round picks for Anthony Davis ..
coogsnation::We traded a first round pick for Twill.
coogsnation::We will not have 3 first round picks
screwhead2305::ill take Michael kidd-gilcrhist
coogsnation::He won't last past the 3rd pick
Zeeshan2::Anthony Davis?
Adrianch01::Yea him....lol..woops
TubbyTime334::Haha Andre
palmerkaplan::Upset, but proud of the Rockets for giving it their all. Also, God bless Marcus Camby. That man could have easily retired or sat out due to injuries, instead he helped rally a young team even with pain multiple injuries. Players like that earn my respect.
coogsnation::We're stuck in mediocrity. We have to tank and get high lottery pick. We need that franchise player. John Wall or Rajon Rondo would be nice
palmerkaplan::If Stern wouldn't have cancelled the 3 way trade at the beginning of the season, we could have already started rebuilding. Matt Bullard and Bill Worrell said it best. This offseason is the absolutely most important offseason since the 94' offseason after we won our first world championship. We must make moves, mediocrity is unacceptable. Having the 14th pick each year won't take us anywhere.
georger lives::Yeah, I'm proud of them too... question is do you think they can grow this team?  They are young, but do they have enough potential without a star?  I'm thinking no, but tough choices will have to be made.
Zeeshan2::dude had 15 rebounds. Not bad for a 37 year old. Also said he wants to retire in Houston
TubbyTime334::As In This Year.
DallasIsK00l:::}
georger lives::I think I'm going to go walk around in a hoodie in a white neighborhood now  -Rockets fan
palmerkaplan::I am sick of hearing about Trayvon Martin.
Adrianch01::Same here..People die everyday and this made the news for months! had me irritated...
TheA-TeAm8235::silly rocket fans
MavsNation92::LMAO
Adrianch01::Was that suppose to be funny?
georger lives::too soon?
DallasIsK00l::Lol
HTownRprsntr::?
georger lives::Have you heard of a guy named George Zimmerman?
TubbyTime334::The Mavs Found Love In A Hopeless Place.
DynastyinBigD::Dirk had 40 last game and today 35. Just imagine how next year will be when the Mavs get Deron Williams.
TheA-TeAm8235::nba 2k13
Zeeshan2::in nba2k14
CaptainKirkman::...and the year after that with Dwight
ryroll::and the year after that Kobe... Keep dreaming
DynastyinBigD::yup 2013 Mavs pick up Dwight. Big 3 in Big D will happen.
Imtalking2Texas::Any high profile players coming out next year the rockets can draft
rsfhouston::They need help everywhere. I don't think guard is as glaring a need as someone taller than 6'8" who isn't washed up. I'll give Camby credit for all those rebounds but there have been WAY too many layups. They need someone who can guard down low and block shots.
Zeeshan2::We have the Knicks pick this year and I was hoping they would suck so we can get a high lottery pick
Imtalking2Texas::i if we get the number 2 pick but knowing the rockets they prolly trade him or pass him up for a international player
TubbyTime334::Scalabrines little Brother.
KU-19-88::Go after a good guard. Rivers would work. Maybe Jeremy Lamb
Adrianch01::Rivers, Jones III, Lamb
jhall2983::Austin Rivers
PASS__THA__SWISHA::ROTFL at those frauds who play for Houston. Mavs moneyline was the easiest bet of the night by far. No matter what happened, you knew the Mavs would win in the end.
screwhead2305::shut up
THE JEFFERNATER::Good 4th quarter Mavs.. Good win.. GG Houston fans..
KU-19-88::Can a Houston fan whose familiar with the situation within the organization tell me why Marcus Morris gets absolutely zero playing time? The teams doing themselves a disservice.
rsfhouston::He was a big 4 or 5 at KU. He's too small to play PF in the NBA and he's not athletic enough to play SF.... yet.
Zeeshan2::they think parsons is better and maybe he is but they are overplaying parsons
jhall2983::Nope
Steelers_Mavs_RedSox_Penguins::Great win Mavericks. Just 1 more game and were in.
jtyki0833::Yea, I hate you for that collection of teams.
jhall2983::WTF kind of mix of teams is that? Bandwagon much?
