msonic69::It looks to me like Refs are only calling every 5th foul on Pierce and KG, so by that count PP committed  30 fouls last night....
Lebroncouldcareless::LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  JASON TERRY
BurnabyJoeFan::Yahoo reported the Nuggets have turned down a trade for Mozgov from MIN. MIN would send the Nuggets Memphis' 1st round pick and Brandon Roy.    Glad they turned it down.. we don't need a salary dump and a trash pick. They can do better... but as he is a RFA this summer.. I hope they do make a deal.
msonic69::I'd like to see a deal that would help the Nuggz now, not in the future.
BurnabyJoeFan::Sure.. but there still aren't a lot of mins to go around.  So they would need to deal Moz and a starter/bench guy for a more premium player who could demand minutes.
bearsbball12::I don't know if I'd call Minnesota's 1st rounder a trash pick, it'll probably be in the top 10.
BurnabyJoeFan::Yeah.. I shouldn't have called it a trash pick.. but Moz is worth much more I think,.
bearsbball12::Probably about the same as ours. A 1st round pick is nothing to scoff at, but probably smart to not make that move.
BurnabyJoeFan::It's not their pick... it's Memphis' pick.. probably lower than ours.  That's not enough for Moz.
broncoroxnug::Can anyone name a small forward better than gallo in the west not named durant?
Genghis Kittah::Gay would've been the other
jayeteee::Enough w/ the sexist jokes. :-P
paulleena64::How can we get consistent production form Jason Terry?  Seems like Courtney Lee and Jeff Green have been consistent since Rondo's injury.
jayeteee::In answer to your question, keep him on the bench. :)
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Gallo is more clutch than Kobe ever was.
jayeteee::C'mon!!!!!! I'm a big Gallo fan, but I'm not delusional.
Genghis Kittah::Kobe smells like cheese sticks
jayeteee::Me neither.
Genghis Kittah::I don't like Kobe
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::JAVALE MCGEE!!!!
diehardnr1::Two things I take out of this game...DEN getting healthy and BOS SuperStars are getting old...  The even playing field (BOTH teams rested) and the altitude contributed greatly to a W that Nuggets tried their best to give away.  The FT shooting has got to be fixed NOW.  Iggy and Chandler MUST start producing points...ONE point and TWO 0-forsfrom the floor??'!! This could have been a laugher if half the first half and FT misses were converted!   Kudos to Kufos for keeping DEN in it during 1st Qtr cold team shooting.  Nice gritty team win despite all the injury and AllStar rust.   Final thought: maybe yoga or meditation would work to cure the Ft and short-armed jump shot problems...Hey...it couldn't be any worse than what they are doing now...  GO NUGGETS!!!
Christopher Wesson Bosh07::mastero al ovr my d lolz step of bustir
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Have you seen the pic from the All-Star game of Blake Griffin going for a lay-up and Dirty D-Wade is clinging to his back with his arm wrapped around Griffins shoulder? Jeez, once a dirty punk, always a dirty punk. It's the All-Star game you jerk, why don't you go bust up a guys face or dislocate some more elbows. What a snake.
Pusherman3::Nuggets, taking care of business at home.    All Gallo does is hit big shots.
JSatty03::I think Brewer has proven himself over Iguodala. While iguodala keeps turning the ball over with his high dribble and drives to the lane Brewer is bringing life back with any of the lineups he's in for...Just saying Iguodala needs to come off the bench if he continues to shoot the way he has. Brewer can play great D and isnt a bad shooter from any spot on the floor.
btwillems::You gotta give Iguodala a break. I wouldn't care if he didn't score the remainder of the season. He's not on the floor to score. He is on the floor to shut down the opponents best player. He did that last night.
Jordanbetonbasketball1990-1998::Love Brewer, but he will be a solid bench player the remainder of his career.
Genghis Kittah::That's a Celtic fan caliber comment here
I prefer boxers over briefs::Iggy schooled Pierce last night.  I'll give him a pass for his non-existent offense.
BurnabyJoeFan::Iggy was key to the Nuggets D in the 3rd quarter which turned the game.  He can't always have 1 point nights.. but he isn't on this team to score.  I just want the Nuggets to spend the next 3 weeks at practice only shooting free throws.  We gotta get better to advance in the playoffs.
Pusherman3::Dude, this is just silly.  Brewer isn't close to the defender that Iggy is, and Iguodala is a much better passer and rebounder than Brewer.  Brewer might be a better shooter from one spot on the floor, the corner 3...other than that, Iguodala is simply a much better player.  He should be applauded for playing while not 100% last night.  He is clearly still hurt and still played great D and had 7 assists (most on the team).
Wade Blocked Your Favorite Player::Miami is willing to trade a PB&amp;J sandwich for KG, deal?
jayeteee::Throw in a box of Honey Nut Cheerios and you have a deal.
Genghis Kittah::Giving up way to much for kg
RayNy2ATL::That was some amazing D Bradley played last night. I can see why the Celtics were so anxious to get him back.
Wade Blocked Your Favorite Player::I hear the Celtics are clearing house, RIP C's you will always be remembered as the Heat's punching bag.
Wade Blocked Your Favorite Player::Best player I've ever seen live or on TV, Dwyane Wade.
PP owns Rondo::Wade is a dirty player. He broke Kobe's nose and Rondo's arm.
Lebron-hairline-HGH::Wade Blocked Your Favorite Player - He's not dirty, he's the fiercest competitor in the game. Kobe is a punk and Rondo asked for it, he was trying to foul Wade but that backfired.  He's a joke
Wade Blocked Your Favorite Player::BTW Rondo was pulling Wade down not vice versa, take your Celtics goggles off.
Wade Blocked Your Favorite Player::You're calling me an idiot? Oh the irony.
Wade Blocked Your Favorite Player::I would break your nose and then ask you to call me dirty.
_I Am A Celtic_::Keith, stop arguing with this idiot
PP owns Rondo::Ok, so just b/c Kobe is a punk, does that mean Wade can break his nose? Rondo was going for a steal and Wade pulled Rondo down. How do you break someone's nose in an all-star game? Wade is dirty.
Wade Blocked Your Favorite Player::He's not dirty, he's the fiercest competitor in the game. Kobe is a punk and Rondo asked for it, he was trying to foul Wade but that backfired.
_I Am A Celtic_::Hi Keith
PP owns Rondo::Hi, PP was terrible last night. he cost the Cc's this game.
PP owns Rondo::I hope so.
_I Am A Celtic_::It happens.  He'll bounce back vs. the lakers
Kobe Brick Mason::I awoke this morning and LeBron was still the GOAT.
bostonsportsarethegreatest2012::Hey Rondo, don't be mean, he is the best player right now
PP owns Rondo::shut up
Kobe Brick Mason::Question....Did Paul Pierce play in a wheelchair last night?
BurnabyJoeFan::Iggy handicapped him.. so basically.
PatsFaninNC::Answer:  Only an idiot would ask this question.
PP owns Rondo::lol
PatsFaninNC::Answer:  Only idiots would ask this question.
Kobe Brick Mason::PatsFaninNC - Answer:  Only idiots would ask this question.  I didn't see the game, I know they are shorthanded and when looking at his scoring percentage I just wondered.
celtsfanallday::WELL, WE LOST. CRAP. THOSE NUGGETS R 2 GOOD AT HOME AND WE'RE TOO BAD ON THE ROAD. YOU JUST LUCKY THIS WASNT IN THE GARDEN.
diehardnr1::No...YOU were lucky DEN was on a B2B and BOS on 3 days rest or DEN would have smacked you in your own building...even with the advantage of our best defender going down, it took the Celtics 3 OTs to squeak out the W....btw PP and KG looked OLD tonight...not good in a physical East...GL you will need it...
_I Am A Celtic_::Your caps lock is on
Dave6673::I was so excited when the Celtics re-signed KG to a three year deal. The guy is a walking 6-14 with 9 boards, no offensive rebounding, no free throws, needs a nap every six minutes, while the guys he guards seem to have career nights. Was he guarding Gallinari who had 26 points, Faried who had 16 rebounds or some bad greek guy who went 5-6??? How do you win when your heart and soul scores 2 baskets in the second half every night. No wonder the Clippers backed out of the trade...
Christopher Wesson Bosh07::dis biiitch is grindnin on me lolz she al ovr me daang
PatsFaninNC::Maybe put your dog on a leash, then?  Just sayin'...."lolz"
69durango::NBA TRADE MACHINE is seriously flawed.  I put in Redick for Mosgov, Brewer and Randolph. this made Denver -4 in wins.  I took Randolph out of the equation and Denver was no difference in wins.  So Randolph is worth 4 wins to Denver.  Wrong!!!  I took Brewer out and Denver was still -4.  So Brewer makes no difference and Randolph is worth 4.  Wrong!!!  There are numerous examples regarding the $$$ formula where things change in insane ways as you try different trade scenarios.
_I Am A Celtic_::I like it more when we win
GalwayIrelandLovesThePatriots::I'm still feeling a sneaky playoff run ;)  LETS GO CELTICS
raterfun::lets get rid bass and lets try to find a rebouder
Kobe Brick Mason::raterfun - lets get rid bass and lets try to find a rebouder  none of your retired players want to help the Celtics before they go through another decade like the 90's.
SFCROB1369::The Celtics need inside help and after reading some negative comments fom Nugget fans on Koufos I would love to see him become a green giant.
nba is the worst::Pierce was awful, but that +20 ft margin was the difference (Celtics with 2 more FGs, but fell apart after they tied the game late). Nuggets' fans claiming the +7 fts in Boston were the same thing are overstating what happened.  Celtics clearly can't rebound with the Nuggets in the clutch, it's not looking good for a return to the ECF - but the Nuggets aren't going far in the playoffs either
Kobe Blocked LeBron At All-Star Game::go watch bowling, u know nothing about basketball
charlie hustle bets the over::he's sure, boxscore hero, he's sure.
nba is the worst::Are you sure? ;)
ThatsGoodSoup7963::Good game, Denver. Go CELTICS.
proximuhtyz::why does Kosta Koufos start? id rather have mozgov.
BretDWeinraub::Maybe its awe-inspiring 6 inch vertical leap?  Or is it his hands of stone?
ATLien__OutKast__ATLien::Josh Smith for Mosgov and Brewer
best username::http://www.mos.gov
best username::i have the best username -fact
70Kordhi::Mine is better lol
mykal151::Denver 24/36  Celtics 13/16  at the free throw line.How can you win a game like that?  Denver still had trouble winning against a depleted Celtic squad and were held 7 points under their average on their own floor.
RMoysters33::Kinda like the Celtics had trouble beating a depleted Nuggets (AI9 out mid way through the second quarter) on their home court in triple OT with the Nuggs coming off a road back to back (not an all star break) and not getting into Boston until 6 hours before the game due to weather.
Dave6673::Because KG shoots jump shots and never gets fouled!!!
dgarner32::Hahaha
dgarner32::The nuggets get free throws because all they do is play in the paint. They give up 3s like no other team. Take a loss. The refs aren't responsible for every loss.
beebopbaloop::Nuggs and C's were tied 7-20 at the 3ball area.
beebopbaloop::Both teams were 7-20 from 3pt area.  They gave as much as they took.
LeBum Chokes In AllStar Games::nice one
LeBum Chokes In AllStar Games::i feel u
LeBum Chokes In AllStar Games::kobe g.o.a.t.
Disney Is Run By Nazis::*Rapist
69durango::LAL has no game and so you Kobe haters have to go elsewhere to spew your venom.  Everybody has known for years that Kobe is no boyscout.  Not news.  Go suck Lush's balls.
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::gotta go guy's, chat another time
habs fans cant stop me::peace
LeBum Chokes In AllStar Games::cya
LeBum Chokes In AllStar Games::lakers are 3.5 games behind 8th seed and have pau out indefinitely... thoughts?
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::there is not a lot out there next year though
LeBum Chokes In AllStar Games::very true but thats a risk i'm willing to take incase dwight wants to stay
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::how annoyed would you be if he walks and you get nothing in return for him though
LeBum Chokes In AllStar Games::well, we would get alot of cap space. for small market teams to lose a superstar and get nothing in return, that really hurts them. lakers can always find quality players who want to be on the lakers and can offer them more $ than most teams
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::the laker should seriously look at taking what ever brooklyn is gonna give them for him
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::i would be all for the lakers trading him
LeBum Chokes In AllStar Games::thats a tough one for me
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::he is playing with a bad back, but he does seem very unhappy and with the state tax laws the mavs can give him the same money
LeBum Chokes In AllStar Games::yeah he looks stressed out every game lol. maybe if he can hold on to a basketball without fumbling it he would be a little happier
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::what is your thoughts on d12 do you think he will stay and why
habs fans cant stop me::i think he will leave la
LeBum Chokes In AllStar Games::what about you?
LeBum Chokes In AllStar Games::i really dont know. if he leaves, i say let him leave. he's not the same player, i'm sure lakers can find another superstar that would want to play on the lakers, and play with heart
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::gonna be hard, i think the rockets are 8th and they are gonna fight tooth and nail to hold onto that spot although if harden misses a few games the lakers will come roaring for that spot
LeBum Chokes In AllStar Games::thx man
.Batman.::It was brought up during AS weekend. I honestly don't remember who said it.
LeBum Chokes In AllStar Games::hey batman, where did you hear that lakers have the 3rd easiest in the west?
.Batman.::The last game of the season: Houston at Lakers.  Could be a big one.
.Batman.::Been a tough season. The Lakers still have the 3rd easiest schedule in the West and they would probably have to go 20-8, but It would not surprise me at all if they passed GS Utah or Houston.
LeBum Chokes In AllStar Games::i was certain they were gonna make it untill pau went down. now it's not looking too good :(
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::i seriously think the celtics are going to make a move this year, i just don't know what
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::i hope i go to sleep tonight and the buls and nuggets have made a deal in the morning
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::especially when drose returns, i think we would have enough to make a serious run at the heat
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::oh hell yeah thibs would put him to work
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::big body and a good rebounder also isn't to bad with the ball in hand
LeBum Chokes In AllStar Games::im sure thibs would get the best out of him
LeBum Chokes In AllStar Games::what kind of deal do u want to happen?
LeBum Chokes In AllStar Games::mosgov? all i know about him is he gets dunked on. so that tells me at least the guy isnt afraid to challenge the high flyers
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::all i want is mosgov for rip and a 2nd rounder and i will be over the moon
habs fans cant stop me::i think biggest name in the trade market now is josh smith
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::yeah he is gonna get moved for sure
ginblossoms1972::I have been betting with this system named Sportsbettingstar the past couple of months. Ive made around $3000 every month since I began playing these systems. If you bet sports you can find the system on the front page of Google by searching for sports betting systems
habs fans cant stop me::its too late for this go away
ginblossoms1972::I have bet with a system called Sportsbettingstar. Since I started I make roughly $3,000 a month in profit by following this systems picks. You can find this system on the 1st page of Google by searching for Sports Betting Systems.  Posting this for anyone out there that’s tired of not winning their bets.
LeBum Chokes In AllStar Games::hey everyone
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::fair enough there is also a chance they can pick up someone who has been waived
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::you want your guys to make a move before the deadline
LeBum Chokes In AllStar Games::well, it depends. probably not though, maybe sign a decent free agent like k-mart or delonte.. especially with pau out indefinitely
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::who is your team dude
LetsPlayScRyB::how can u say that after wut happened last year?
habs fans cant stop me::lerbron does choke at the playoffs too
LeBum Chokes In AllStar Games::lakers
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::anyone left in here
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::who
habs fans cant stop me::the guys now we are on a playoff run the things i said about rebuilding i think that would hapend if we go on a big loseing streak and miss the playoffs
habs fans cant stop me::im here
beebopbaloop::C Lee can be good.  Would love to see Green's "potential" more often.
habs fans cant stop me::yea
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::do you like any of the pieces the celts have on this team
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::mosgov is being waisted in denver send him to the bulls
beebopbaloop::How about Nuggs send him to Boston for Melo, Collins and a back rub from Ainge?
habs fans cant stop me::ik boston going to hate hearing this but i think we need to build for the later year and trade kg paul rondo for young guys who can play for us for years to come so if we dont make the playoffs then its time to move on
-Td4mvp3 -::the warriors have always been my second fav team behind the spurs....klay thompson is too valuable to be let go
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::too many jump shooters on the warriors eg can put it on the floor
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::seriously if that deal went through the warriors would be very strong
-Td4mvp3 -::I dunno man I consider thompson to have a slightly better future in the NBA, but yea that would make them stacked
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::wow hornets are talking eric gordon for klay thompson
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::man that would make the warriors legit
-Td4mvp3 -::nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::that would be huge
-Td4mvp3 -::Man for his age, jamaal crawford is hellla athletic and can still ball
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::and has had acl surgery
habs fans cant stop me::if i was danny trade rondo paul kg for a bright young guy who can be our franchise player i hate to say this but i think its time to rebuild in boston
masterosports_newcomp::Wouldn't work though. Nobody is gonna trade a young true star, or potential star, for those guys.  Especially with the huge contracts.
habs fans cant stop me::that could be a problem but before rondo kg paul got to get traded
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::there is not to many boston fans who think like that
habs fans cant stop me::ik but its the truth
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::all i want is the nuggets to give us mosgov for rip and i will be happy
BretDWeinraub::sold
-Td4mvp3 -::Who Wins MIP? I say vasquez from the pelicans
Joakim Noah is the best center in the nba::asik
