Kobe isnt clutch::$@%! YOU
DakWolves::Pek and Willaimds for Varejo
Leeroy612::No way... Pek is a beast.
nietoadrian::ricky rubio was 15 years old eurocup final sub 16     rubio 54 pts 24 reb 12 as 7 st this is the shoot to force the OT http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=HGKEUfUScJw
nyquilholic21::pretty ugly game, but it's a game we are supposed to win and we handled our business.  ricky back next wednesday it sounds like...yes!!
ibnfrey::Go Wolves! :)
razzledazzletj81::KLove drew me to the Wolves for sure, but watching the role players in his absence gave me a higher appreaciation for them, Now I would rather watch a well balanced attack with a bunch of guys getting 10 - 16 than one guy getting 30. KLove should be happy he has the support now he better utlilize them.
Dsk954::trade d will for a bag of chedder sunchips... asap
BillyJoelsSecondWifeFan::Nice win for Timberwolves. Now we 0.500 mark and every next win will push us closer to the playoffs!
HoraceGrants::Remember when the Cavaliers were good?  And relevant?  -Lebron James
ace999lb1::It's rough being a Cleveland sports fan.
YenxRenx::Yeah, being a Cleveland fan is tough cause you have to always run your mouth about how great your teams are, even though they suck every year.
GoTakeOuttheGarbage64::You're tellin' me.
JohnsonnnL::crazy how Rubio dominates backyard wrestling with a recovering knee.
eototalt::He did that like a month ago.
Honey_Badger_Dont_Care::Kevin Love is the third best player in the league behind LeBron and Durant .
Tpupnation22::T pups need to finally get above .500 it is killing me how they keep getting so close then fail.
Leeroy612::It will happen when Rubio returns. We will make the playoffs 5th or 6th in the west
stein.soccer::well that was fun
PhilMNAP::Yes it was.
.United We Run.::I am on the other board
stein.soccer::yep, we decided you had enough you just posted "$@%! whoever doesn't want me here......$@%! the haters"
Steel_Smack::35 free throws to 9. trololol
dnels97::Whats up with Dion??
Steel_Smack::He sprained an ankle.
Poor Oregon::I have Kevin Love on fantasy. Trolololol
EKast2012::Kirilenko also had a sick fantasy line
Tpupnation22::Ha cavaliers coach was $@%!$@%! about the amount of foul calls we got compared to them. What a lame as excuse. That coach needs to be fired if thats what he blames the game on.
okamixt::I like Byron Scott complaining about the officiating...yeah Cavs didn't get the ball down low hardly at all during the game, Wolves did a great job of denying entry into the paint and defending without fouling. Not sure how you can blame the officiating when the Wolves were forcing the Cavs to foul. I saw maybe 2 questionable fouls all game...
eototalt::yeah I chuckled
Tpupnation22::T pups should beat Denver. They have a back to back and we have for days off plus we are at home.
arenal11::should've beaten them last time as well.  should've beaten teh bobcats and warriors as well.  denver is going to be tough, they are deep and athletic.  we shoot like we did tonight and i can easily see a L
eototalt::and Rubio should be back.
michaelton12::&lt;-- A lynx
Kobelies247::How did Broy do?
Minnysota Vikings::"We're struggling. What we really need is a scrawny 39-year-old Canadian with a bad back."  --said no one ever
stein.soccer::?
Minnysota Vikings::Steve Nash
NBA 2012-13::God i feel so bad for you guys that you have to deal with that moron. He's a frickin idiot.
stein.soccer::its pretty funny whats going on that board
PhilMNAP::Go on the Boston-Philly Board United We Run is getting trashed! LOL
stein.soccer::Balotelli is a dad? I feel bad for the kid http://msn.foxsports.com/foxsoccer/premierleague/story/mario-balotelli-becomes-father-for-first-time-raffaella-fico-gives-birth-to-baby-girl-120612
eototalt::To what that porn star? lol
stein.soccer::http://deadspin.com/5966793/javale-mcgee-performs-perfectly-terrible-ridiculous-awful-play?utm_campaign=socialflow_deadspin_twitter&amp;utm_source=deadspin_twitter&amp;utm_medium=socialflow Thoughts?
eototalt::lol wtf
Minnysota Vikings::My thought is that he's gonna be on next week's Shaqtin' a Fool
stein.soccer::Javale Mcgee just completely screws up
stein.soccer::Durant on Kobe: ‘I know he’s an old fart’ lol
PhilMNAP::Did he really say that?
stein.soccer::lol, yeah http://blacksportsonline.com/home/2012/12/durant-on-kobe-i-know-hes-an-old-fart/
NBA 2012-13::Just a quick question for you guys. Do you guys like United We Run? I was talking to him over on another NBA board, He seems to hate some of you guys
NBA 2012-13::Oh alright. That's what i thought. He said he was cool with a lot of you, he just hates Phil, Tyler, and dlhouse. But yeah, he seems a little...different lol
Minnysota Vikings::He's got issues.
stein.soccer::hes a troll, not a wolf fan
PhilMNAP::We hate him.
stein.soccer::dam.n Chipper Jones! can you say gold digger? http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1436732-chipper-jones-heads-into-retirement-on-arm-of-playboy-model-taylor-higgins
stein.soccer::he got divorced from his wife in November....
Dinameetay69::Once Rubio comes back, this whole team will be better. Because then you have to worry about Rubio, Kirilenko, Love, and Pek. No doubt one of those four is going to have two guys guarding them
PhilMNAP::Shved can create his own shot. That is what has impressed me.
stein.soccer::Shved, Budinger as well, one of them will be with the starters
jmndodge2::Chase won't be back until middle of March - and likely not full strength before playoffs.  Don't think Chase will be a starter... 6th man in the rotation, good outside shooter, plays strong defense and is usually a dead eye shooter from the 3pt line.    Shved needs work - going to be very good,  Roy is a proven All - star, but will have to prove that his knees can hold up,  and he hasn't lost his quickness and that sweet jump shot, M. Lee is the big surprise.  Knew he had talent,  but since he has been called on to start and play some big minutes, he is a difference maker on both ends of the floor.  The only good news with Chase went down, is that Josh Howard was signed.   Don't know if he will play beyond this year,  but his skills still put him far ahead of most rookies, even with the springs in the legs, and their speed.
Dinameetay69::stein.soccer - that would be Shved  Okay then, Shved starting while Budinger backs up
stein.soccer::that would be Shved
Dinameetay69::Budinger will probably start, with Shved backing him up. It all comes down to who plays better defense. This is one of Adelman's more defense-strong teams he has ever had.
Minnysota Vikings::Here's a video of last year when Pek scored 30 on the Rockets. Let me know if you see any differences in him from this year.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWDlY0djMLc
DrawohWasHere::He was bigger last season.
Dinameetay69::he didn't lose much weight. He just converted some of his body fat into more muscle.
PhilMNAP::#9 the point guard.
stein.soccer::off the top of my head, Howard, Gasol, Duncan, Cousins
PhilMNAP::Right now, I can't name many Centers in the West better than Pek.
Dinameetay69::That is not a huge drop. But it does show what happens to him once he loses Rubio. Heck, it's because of Rubio that Pek is on the All Star Ballot. I know he is a good player, but I didn't think All Star Ballot worthy
PhilMNAP::Not to take anything away from Pek last year, it takes skill to shoot 57% from the floor. But he is shooting 48% this year with the backup PGs. I don't think that is a coincidence.
PhilMNAP::Pek was getting easy dunks and getting set up well in the post all year by Rubio.
Dinameetay69::Rubio makes Pek better. We saw that once Rubio got injured. Pek needs to rest and wait for Rubio to come back. That will spark him back to life
stein.soccer::Pek had bone spurs removed from his ankle this offseason. He has injured that ankle in non contact play twice this season.  you guys think he will continue to have problems the rest of his career?
arenal11::twice? only one i'm aware of was vs dallas.  whats the other?
DrawohWasHere::It'll take time to heal.   He should be okay unless he has another injury to the same foot.   Problem is, when one part of the body hurts, we tend to over compensate with another body part and that's when injuries start popping up.
Dinameetay69::wouldn't be surprised. But he is a heavy individual. He just needs to accept medical help when needed. Playing tonight doesn't help us that much especially if he turned an ankle
Minnysota Vikings::I wonder if Pek losing some weight this offseason hurt his game. He isn't getting as deep posting up as he did last year.
stein.soccer::bad ankle, injured it twice this year. didn't he have surgery this offseason?
PhilMNAP::Pek always plays great D though. It astounds me that the Wolves don't automatically put him on the other teams best post player.
Dinameetay69::Normally, converting fat to muscle is a good thing. But he is playing a very active sport. He just needs to rest that ankle and be ready for Wednesday. The fact that he was playing good defense assures to me that it isn't severe
Minnysota Vikings::Yeah to remove bone spurs in his feet
PhilMNAP::I think the problem is no Rubio.
CashKramer::Let's hope. He did get Pek some great shots.
CashKramer::Pek apparently "turned his ankle in Philly, almost didn't play in Boston."
eototalt::I swear that dude has glass ankles lol
Dinameetay69::Thank god for the this break we get. Let's Pek heal and hopefully Ricky will be ready to go when Denver comes to town
Dinameetay69::In that Kevin Love coat drive video, whose face was that on the moon? It reminded me of the moon from Majora's Mask for some reason
eototalt::AK47
Minnysota Vikings::Lakers winning% when Kobe scores 19 or fewer points : 100%  Lakers winning% when Kobe scores 20-29 points: 62.5%  Lakers winning% when Kobe scores 30+: 11.1%
stein.soccer::Josephs5921 - you are 12 years old if you think those stats mean something LOL
stein.soccer::selfish player, they are bellow .500
PhilMNAP::Go post this on the Laker board and see what they say.
dwighthowardsamazing::I never understood why teams wait till the deadline to trade players they could be trading now. like d-will
Heater_Gooch_Deux::leverage.
Dinameetay69::I don't know if I can take a guy with a username like that seriously, but the reason is that the need for a certain player of a certain position hasn't arised.
stein.soccer::teams get desperate and give up more
stein.soccer::Well looks like Mourneau is going http://minnesota.sbnation.com/minnesota-twins/2012/12/5/3732122/twins-mlb-winter-meetings-justin-morneau
Heater_Gooch_Deux::Well the front office is already alienating the fan base whether it is the right move for the club long term or not. Trading a guy like revere (Which I think was a good trade for minny) who is a fan favorite isn't going to help attendance especially if we lost nearly 100 games again the next couple years
Heater_Gooch_Deux::I know they are trying to win championships not necessarily make the fans happy by keeping a guy like morneau that has been here forever etc..
PhilMNAP::Twins are trying to get a ton of prospects it seems.
lorasball2::watch for my boy BJ Hermsen make it to the league this year!
Heater_Gooch_Deux::Keep him, we aren't going to get much for him with his concussions and other injuries.
stein.soccer::we are having a fire sale of sorts, cleaning house to restock for the future
Dinameetay69::watch us get nothing for him. Wouldn't be surprised
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Sorry, one last thing I had to find for you. Kirilenko when asked if Mormons in Utah tried to convert him: "No, not at all. On the contrary I like their way of life. I don't smoke and don't drink alcohol. I drink coffee very seldom, but can't imagine my table without tea. And nobody forbids me to drink it at my convenience."
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::For the purposes of showing that he doesn't drink. I have read before him saying that he never has, but I couldn't find that one.
Dinameetay69::Wolves need to do another karaoke thing like last year. These guys know how to dominate the internet
CashKramer::I also liked when Love played the saxophone.
Dinameetay69::Can anyone please tell me what was going on with Pek's neck in that video. It was creepy and mesmerizing at the same time
eototalt::Did you see their christmas card? lol
Dinameetay69::I did. I cried as soon as they showed Rubio. Only Rubio can pull a reindeer look like that off. I am straight, but he is very adorable in that e-card
PhilMNAP::@DrewohWasHere I definitely think Love is an important piece to the Wolves. But as many Wolves fans have complained about, he only really plays on 1 side of the floor. The other side he is just okay on. Rubio plays on both sides of the floor really well other than shooting consistently. He defends well and runs and offense very well. That is why in my view Rubio is the more important player.
DrawohWasHere::I didn't mean to undercut Rubio.    He's an excellent player I'd love to have on my team.    But if there is no one to put the ball in the basket, you don't score any points.    And as we've seen, Rubio isn't exactly going to rock the scoring world.   Important piece of the cog for a team like Minnesota?   Absolutely!    In fact, your team makes me want to scratch my head as to why it's only a .500 team with that kind of talent.
DrawohWasHere::IN your division, you guys are still in the hunt at .500 at this point of the year even with the injuries.   You only have one team above .500.    If we were at .500, we'd have an outside chance.  If you were to go back and look at the scores of the games, you'd see the Cavaliers were in almost every game they lost prior to Waiters getting injured.    They've competed with every team they played.  Best wishes as the season goes forward.
PhilMNAP::It is unfortunate because I know exactly what it feels like to get a season destroyed by injuries. Last year and nearly this year was destroyed by injuries. The bench managed the storm though.
DrawohWasHere::He's got a better Bball IQ than love.  Injuries have a way of hurting teams.   That's for sure.    It sure has killed any chances of the Cavaliers from making the PO this season.    We had a very narrow window and that's been lost.
CashKramer::Injuries man. Every important player has missed multiple games. 6th man is missing 3-4 months. Starting pg recovering from surgery, starting sg just had surgery, starting SF carried the team but missed a few games from back spasms, starting PF broke hand right before season started, starting C sprained ankle and missed games, a backup pg missed a few games as well.
PhilMNAP::And injuries are a key reason why the Wolves are only .500. I realize I shouldn't be using that as an excuse, but at one point they had 6 of their top 7 players out.
PhilMNAP::I don't think you were, I can understand why people think Love is the best player on the Wolves if they don't watch all the games. The numbers Rubio puts up compared to Love's are really nothing special with just 10 points and 8 assists. But he seems to always have the answer to the other teams run, an alley oop dunk or setting up a 3 pointer. It's just his creative ability that separates him from Love. He will never be the scorer that Love is, but I think by his careers end he will be better.
CashKramer::Without a doubt. Its a lot easier to get better at shooting than becoming a good defender. Rubio has a higher ceiling.
PhilMNAP::The team was also playing better with Rubio than they were without him. They lost that other go to factor other than Love when Rubio went down. People forget Rubio was clutch. He hit big shot after big shot last year.
PhilMNAP::Rubio also makes players better. Pek for instance, was a nobody until Rubio came along.
Tyler BarnesMNSports::Alright, I'm out. See you all later Go Wolves!
orange_63::looks like the cavs are unstoppable this year!!!!!!!!!!!!! woooo hooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DrawohWasHere::I don't think anyone in their right mind thought they would be.     Right now the Cavaliers have 3 players any team would want in the Wild Thing, Irving and Waiters.     Possibly Zeller cause he's a rookie doing a pretty good job (as a rookie).    Maybe a really good team that only needs a midget to stand beyond the trey line and shoot would want Bo.obie.    Other than that, trade em all for a bucket of head bands.
stein.soccer::Derik Williams agent basically begging Kahn to trade Williams
Heater_Gooch_Deux::Its a miracle he is still in the league.
Dinameetay69::As long as we get something of value, by all means trade him
DrawohWasHere::We'll take him for Luke Walton.
DrawohWasHere::How about two Lukes?    Luke Walton/Harangody?     We'll even throw in Moondoggie in the deal.
Dinameetay69::SCREW THAT
Dinameetay69::http://timberwolvesholiday.sportsdigita.com Enjoy fellow wolves fans
Dinameetay69::He's Russian. Land of Vodka. I call BS on that statement. He smiles alot that's why I had to ask. Rubio is too funny with that reindeer nose.
stein.soccer::wolves cant sing for cra.p, but its hilarious
Heater_Gooch_Deux::His wife lets him sleep with another chick one time a year tho.
Heater_Gooch_Deux::I figured Roy's Christmas morning tradition would have something to do with Icing his knees. or lack there of.
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::Kirilenko doesn't and has never drank alcohol. True story.
Dinameetay69::Why does Andrei look drunk? Or is that typical Russian? And Pek is rocking the lumberjack.
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::OK, I've lingered on your board long enough. Hopefully those AK47 jerseys get restocked soon so I can pick one up. Go Jazz. We'll see you guys in January.
PhilMNAP::Good luck to the Jazz this season. Nice talking with ya.
PhilMNAP::Yes, in just 2 years Stern will be gone and the NBA might still be saved.
Tremors is the greatest movie of all time::You as well. Hope everyone gets healthy and stays that way. Small market teams unite and rage against the Stern machine.
rleroy1967::Well,  I'm off but let me know if we trade Williams anytime soon!
frnorth::The rumor is the Wolves have turned down the Lakers offer of Kobe Bryant, Dwight Howard and Pau Gasol for Derrick William and Lou Amundson.
CashKramer::I would take the trade and then trade them all for great draft picks.
CashKramer::We really need to get rid of him, even for a pick. It will free up cap room that we are going to want in the future. I'm happy with the players we have now and we don't really need anyone else.
stein.soccer::Wolves .5 games out of 6th in the West without Rubio, and dealing with all the injuries. beast.
Dinameetay69::Anyone else see the Minnesota Timberwolves Holiday E-Card. I was on the ground laughing as soon as I saw what Ricky was wearing.http://timberwolvesholiday.sportsdigita.com
MandatoryMadnessInThe763::He likes soup lol.
